Blue Book

  Magazine

William Chester, James Francis Dwyer,

H. Bedford-Jones, Leland Jamieson, William Makih,
Fulton Grant, Francis Cockrell, Robert Mill
I CM T TAKE A
BOY WITH THAT
MANY PIMPLES!

Mf?. KNIGHT HIRES THE.JC. OOSH, wH/
OFFICE BOYS ~THlS ) £ A 6KIM

  COMMIE/ I'VESOTATOB/ X WAS
PICKED BECAUSE X WAS'CLEAN-CUT"'
KIO PIMPLES THIS TI/AE. MOW WE
CAM GET THAT CAR. //

I—c/ea&s

     by clearinyj skin irritants
     out of the blood

Don’t let Adolescent Pimples
make VOII lose out

PIMPLES are often a real drawback during
the years following the start of adolescence—
from about 13 to 25, or even longer.

  In these years, important glands develop and
final growth takes place. This causes disturbances
throughout the body. The skin becomes over-
sensitive. Waste poisons in the blood irritate this
sensitive skin—and pimples appear.

  Fleischmann’s fresh Yeast is often prescribed
for the correction of these adolescent pimples. It
clears the skin irritants out of
your blood. Pimples go!

            Eat Fleischmann’s Yeast 3
          times a day, before meals—plain,
          or in a little water—until your
          skir is clear and smooth once
          more. Start today.

Copyright, 1936. Standard Brands Incorporated
ACCOUNTING

Jhc profession that pays

     Accountanta command big income.
     Thousands needed. About 14,000
     Certified Public Accountanta in
     U. S. Miny earn 13,000 to *20,000.
     We trail you thoroughly at homo
     in your upare time for'C. P. A. ei-
     nmuiationa or executive accounting

     Eositions. Previous bookkeeping
     nowlecge unnecessary—we pre-
     pareyou frotnfcrouDd up. Our train-
     ing is sujiervised by Win. B. Casten-
     hol*. A. M„ C. P. A., assisted by
     staff of C. P. A.’s. Low cost—easy
     terms. Write now for valuable 64-

      Kge bot k, "Accountancy, the Pro-
      sion t aat Pays,” free.

LASALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY

The school it ai/iasiralueUocer l./MOC.P.A •»
Dept. SM1-H	Chlcaio, 1U.

WORK FOR "UNCLE SAM"

         Stiirt $1260 to $2100 a Year

        MEN-WOMEN. Common Educa-
        tion usually sufficient. Gel ready
        now. Write Immediately for free
        32-'>ace book, with list of position*
        and full particular!) telling what
        to do to get them.

       FRANKLIN INSTITUTE

         D«pt. N292	Rochester. N. Y.

Next Month!
“Journeyman Cop”

, A swift moving novelette in which
  Robert Mill’s two famous charac-
  ters Tiny David of the State Police
  and Duke Ashby of the Department
  of Justice, join forces to handle a
  difficult and dargerous case.

  Also many other fine stories by such
  writers as Leland Jamieson, William
  Chester, Fulton (Irant, James Fran-
  cis Dwyer, H. Bedford-Jones and
  Eustace Cockrell.

WHEN YOU BUY THE

• Why trust to luck when you buy
razor blades! At 4 for 10c, ProbakJr.
is a double-edge blade of known qual-
ity. This blade whisks through the
densest beard — glides over tender
spots without pull or irritation. Buy
a package today.

PROBAK junior

Coming!

“HOLD THAT TIGER”

A noted animal-trainer’s amazing story
of Real Experience.

TO* kdvartJuaomt I* out lutauJad tw vlfar alcwhallc bavarmxaa for all mr delivery is any a tat* «r cennaolty whereio|the ■d*«rdaio*. sala or usa tharaef Is unlawful.
BLUE BOOK

MAY, 1936

MAGAZINE
Two Remarkable Serials

VOL. 63. NO. I

20

Kioga of the Wilderness	By William L. Chester

      The return of the Snow Hawk to the strange wild Indian land of his birth.

Caravan Treasure	By James Francis Dwyer 108

The brilliant story of a desperate quest across the Sahara.

Stirring Short Stories

Three Thousand or Bust	By Francis Cockrell

A coal-miner's son plays golf and becomes famous overnight.

Drums Across the Sea	By Charles Layng

A black boy drums his intrepid way from Alabama to Abyssinia.

No Flame More Fierce	By Fulton Grant

In this South American story the author of “'The Pirate’s Beard” is at his best.

Head Work	By Robert R. Mill

Tiny David and the State police in a specially attractive story.

Arms and Men	By H. Bsdford-Jones

XVI—The Sallee Rover
Horses are More Human	By Elmer Davis

A brief drama of the Civil War by one of America’s foremost writers.

The Tattooed Man	By William J. Makiri 101

      The gypsy detective Isaac Heron solves a strange case.

A Lively Novelette

Cover Design

 4

 15

 48

 59

 68

 98

78

The Lair in the Swamp	By Leland Jamieson

       Air adventure of the most interesting kind is the basis of this fine story by the man who
       gave us “Murder Island.”

Prize Stories of Real Experience

Prairie on Fire	By John Clayton 132

      A commonplace episode of the Midwest farm country, tellingly described.

Teak Wallah	By Reginald Campbell 134

       His job was to superintend the “Elephants a-pilin’ teak.”

Russian Hunt	By Boris Pavloff 139

       In Czarist Russia, they let the wolf do the hunting.

Locked in a Furnace	By Ivan Stretten 140

       How it feels to be inside a gigantic electric toaster.

Held for Murder	By Ferdinand Berthoud 142

       A trader’s fantastic experience in Rhodesia.

Painted by Herbert Morton Stoops

Except tor stories of Real Experience, all stories and novels printed herein an fiction
and are intended as such. They do not refer to real characters or to actual events.
// the name 0/ any Ihine person is used, it is a coincidence.

THE McCALL COMPANY.

William B. Warner, frmtidmnt *nd Trtaturtr
Marvin Pierce. Vic*-Pr*Bid*nt
Francis Hutter, Smcrmtary

Publisher, The Blue Book Magazine
DONALD KENN! COTT. Editor

Published monthly, at McCall St.. Davton. Ohio. Subscription Offices—Dayton, Ohio. Editorial and Executive Offices—230 Part: Ave..
New York, N. Y. THE BUTE BOOK MAGAZINE May. 1936. Vol. LXIII. No. I. Copyright. 1986. by Th«- McCall Company In the
United Slates and Great Britain. Entered as second •class matter. November 12. 19*0. at the Post Office at Dayton. Ohio, under the
Act of March 3. 189.. .Subscription Pried, $l..r>0 per year in U. S. and Canada; foreign postage $1.00. Fo• change of address. *»ive us
four weeks notice and ‘end old address ai well as now. Special Note: Each i*<ue of The lllue Book Magadne is copyrighted. Any re-
publication of the matter appearing in fhe magazine, either Wholly or in pnrf. is rio< permitted except by special authorization.

Special Notice to Writers and Artists: Manuscripts and art material submitted for publication in the Blue Book Magazine will be re-
ceived only on the understanding that the publisher and editors shall not be responsible for loss or injury thereto while such manu-
scripts or art material are in the publisher’s possession or in transit.	Printed in U.S.A.
   Prize Offer for

 Real Experiences

 THERE is material for a novel in
 every person’s life, it Has been said.
 Whether this ii true or not, we do
 believe that in the lives of most of us
 some experience ha i occurred sufficient-
 ly exciting to merit description in print.
 With this idea in mind we shall be pleased
 to receive and to print true stories of
 real experience, running;, from one thou-
 sand to four thousand words each. For
 each of the five best of these received
 each month we will pay, according to
 our appraisal of its length and strength,
 an average price of $50.

   In theme the stories may deal with ad-
 venture, mystery, sport, humor,-espe-
 cially humor!—war or business. Sex is
 barred. Manuscripts should be addressed
 to the Real Experience Editor, the Blue
 Book Magazine, 230 Park Ave., New
 York, N. Y. Preferably but not neces-
 sarily they should be typewritten, and
 , should be accompan ed by a stamped and
 self-addressed envelope for use in case
 the story is unavailable.

   A pen name may be used if desired,
 but in all cases the writer's real name
 and permanent adclress should accom-
 pany the manuscript. Be sure to write
 your name and correct address in the
 upper left-hand corner of the first page
 of your story, and keep a copy as insur-
 ance against loss of the original; for
 while we handle manuscripts with great
 care, we cannot accept responsibility for
 their return. As this is a monthly con-
 test, from one to two months may elapse
 before you receive a report on your
 story.

HOME'fTUDY

BUSINESS TRAINING

 Your opportunity can never be bigger than your
 preparation. Prepare now and reap the rewards in
 earlier and larger success. Free 64-Page Books Tell
 How. Write now for book you want, or mail coupon
 with your name and address in margin today.

 O Higher Accountancy	O Business Mfim't

 O Mod. Salesmanship	O Business Corres.

 O Traffic Management	O Credit and Collection
 O Law: Degree of I.I..B. Correspondence

 O Commercial Law	O Modern Foremanshfp

 O Industrial Mgm't	O Personnel Mgm*t

 O Banking and Finance	O Expert Bookkeeping

 O Stenotypy	O C. P. A. Coaching

 O Rail. Station Mgm't	O Business English

 O Paper Salesmanship	O Effective Speaking

LASALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY

D«pt. 5369-R	Chicago

Self-Supporting in
Ten Months

“I am able to live on the money I earn
t>y writing, and it is not yet ten months
«ince I began the course! Until a few
months after beginning study with you
I had never had a line published in
any commercial publication. What
more can I say for a course which has
enabled me to earn a livelihood by
the most congenial work I have ever
done?” john N_ ottum. Jr.

Bos 95, Lisbon. N. D.

“How do I get my Start
as a Writer?”

—■■■■■ Here’s the Answer -------

  First, don’t stop believing you can write; there is
no reason to think you can’t write until you have
tried. Don't be discouraged if your first attempts are
rejected. That happens to the best authors, even to
those who have “arrived.’' Remember, too, there is
no age limit in the writing profession. Conspicuous
success has come to both young and old writers.

  Where to begin, then? There is no surer way than
to get busy and write.

  Gain experience, the “know how.” Understand how
to use words. Then you can construct the word-build-
ings that now are vague, misty shapes in your mind.

  0. Henry, Mark Twain, Kipling, Ring Lardner, just
to mention a few, all first learned to use words at a
newspaper copy-desk. And the Newspaper Institute
Copy-Desk Method is today helping men and women
of all ages to develop their writing talent . . . helping
them gain their first little checks of $2S, $50, $100.

Learn to Write by WRITING

  The Newspaper Institute of America is a training school fot
writers. Here your talent grows under the supervision of sea-
soned critics . . . newspaper men and women. Emphasis is placed
on teaching you by experience. We don’t tell you to read this
author and that author or to study his style. We don’t give you
rules and theories to absorb. The N. I. A. aims to teach you to
express yourself in your own natural style. You work in your
own home, on your own time.

  Each week you receive actual newspaper-type assignments as
though you worked on a large metropolitan daily. Your stories
are then returned to us and we put them under the microscope,
io to speak. Faults are pointed out. Suggestions are made.
Soon you discover you are getting the “feel” of it, that profes-
sional touch. You acquire a natural, easy approach. You can
see where you are going.

  When a magazine returns a story, one never knows the real
reason for the rejection; they have no time to waste giving con-
structive criticism.

  The N. I. A. tells you where you are wrong and why, and
shows you what to do about it.

A Chance to Test Yourself

  We have prepared a unique Writing Aptitude Test which tells
you whether you possess the fundamental qualities necessary to
successful writing—acute observation, dramatic instinct, imag-
ination. etc. You'll enjoy taking this test. It's free. Just
mail the coupon below and see what our Editors think about you.
Newspaper Institute of America. One Park Avenue, New York.

NEWSPAPER INSTITUTE OF AMERICA
One Park Avenue. New York

Send me. without cost or obligation, your Writing Aptitude Test
and further information about writing for profit as promised in
the Blue Book. May.

Name ................................................................................................

Address ..............................................................................................

(All correspondence confidential. No salesmen will call.) 68E506

3
ree Ihousand

By Francis Cockrell

Illustrated by L. R. Gustavson

YOU read about a golf tournament.
You read about the National Open,
say. You find out who won; if
you’re interested enough, you find out
who were second and third, and where
your favorite finished. Maybe you read
about all the great holes that were played
and the disastrous holes that were played.
But you don’t know much about what
happened.

  Maybe you read about Dan Kalik that
year. Maybe you were actually there
and saw it with your own eyes. Maybe
you were one of the hundreds jammed
around that eighteenth green. You still
don’t know what happened, what was
going on.

  Dan Kalik’s old man was a coal-miner.
He was big and tough, and had tre-
mendous shoulders and arms. He loved
to fight. He was a prize-fighter, and a
good one, for a year. But the hands that
went with his huge arms and shoulders
were brittle; a year was their limit.

  Just a week after his last fight, John
Kalik, his wife and son came down with

flu. Bad. They were sick a long time.
Little Dan just missed dying. When
John Kalik was well enough to work
again, the money he had saved in that
year of fighting was £ill gone. He went
back to the mines because they paid bet-
ter than anything else he knew how
to do.

  Dan Kalik was a kind of scrawny kid;
thin, you know, and not very strong.
That flu hadn’t done lim any good, and
in those days the Kaliks never did have
enough of the kind of food growing kids
really should eat. They were saving
money, you see—a stake, so that big
John could get out of the mines and,
into something with a future.

  So he was glad when Dan, the sum-
mer he was ten, got a job caddying over
at the country-club. Dan was a quiet
kid. They never even knew he was cad-
dying until he began bringing the money
home and giving it to his mother.

  Somebody gave Dan an old mashie
with a badly warped shaft. When his
father came home from work that day,
Dan was out on the dumps behind the
two-room shack they lived in, with the
club and some old ci t-up balls he had
found. He had just hit one that soared
straight and clean, out over the dumps;
and when he looked up at his father, his
black eyes were bright and shining and
excited in his thin little face.

  John Kalik saw his son’s eyes, but he
didn’t know how he felt. John Kalik
didn’t know what it was like to get hold
of one just right for the first time.

  He said: “Look here, kid, I guess this
caddy stuff is all right—you’re makin’
good money, for a bo> ; but if you want
to play something, why in blazes don’t
you get out and play a real game ? Why
don’t you go down to the Y and learn to
box, or play baseball, or football, or
something? Somethin that takes a little
guts, that’ll help make a man out of
you? Golf!” he ended contemptuously.
The moving story of a	,

coaUminer s stripling son	■'

whose courage made him	i

    famous overnight.

  You saw Dan Ka-
  Iik minimize the
  wind and rain
  in every way he
  could—and you
  , thought: “This
  kid's not lucky;
  he’s just a fine
  goiter.”

  Dan Kalik stood there looking at his
father, and that light went out of his
eyes. After a second he licked his lips
once. Then he took the club and the old
balls and went in o the house. He didn’t
say anything at all.

  John Kalik stcod for a few moments
with a frown on his face. He Was sorry
he had said that; he remembered how the
kid had looked. But to come home and
find him playing aroiond with a sissy
game like this golf—it was bound to get
your goat a little. You couldn’t help be-
ing a little disappointed.

  John Kalik never mentioned golf after
that. Dan Kalik didn’t, either. There
wasn’t much corrmunion between those
two the next ten years. They had never
been very close—John Kalik and his son.

  You see, John Kalik loved this boy,
but a man wants more than that; he
wants to be proud of his son, and John
Kalik couldn’t be. It wasn’t that Dan
was never quite as big as the other kids

 his age, or quite as strong. But he was
 so quiet. He never got into trouble. He
 never came home with a black eye. And
 once John Kalik heard another boy, out
 behind their shack, announce to Dan
 that he could lick him.

   John had stood there in the window,
 watching from where they couldn’t see
 him, holding his breath, and he had
 heard his son refuse to fight. Turning
 from the window, John Kalik thought:
 “He hasn’t got any guts. Being little,
 that aint his fault. He takes after Mary
 that way, I guess. But he hasn’t got
 any guts.”

 John Kalik was ashamed of his son.
 He loved him, but he was ashamed of
 He never talked to anyone about*
THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

his kid—in those days. And he didn’t
say anything more about golf. Because
a boy needed exercise, and he guessed a
game like golf was probably the only
way the boy would ever get any.

  Dan Kalik thought his old man was
the greatest man in the world. He
wanted to be just like him and make
his old man proud of him. He felt pret-
ty gloomy for a long time after that day
he had refused to fight. Maybe he was
yellow, he thought. But he hadn’t want-
ed to fight; he hadn’t been mad at the
other boy. He wished he had gone on
anyhow and taken the licking he would
have taken from the bigger kid. But he
hadn’t.

  Dan knew his old man thought golf
was a sissy game; and because of that,
Dan thought it was too. So he never
mentioned it again when his father was
around; he never hit old balls out over
the dump when big John was at home;
he never had a golf-club in sight around
the house. . . . But he went on playing
golf.

  He went on playing for those moments
that make you feel as though you are ex-
panding inside, as though you are get-
ting lighter ; that make you feel time has
stopped; that the whole world has
stopped, and you’re sitting on top of it
and it’s yours. Those moments that
come right after the sharp, clean crack
of wood, the low straight flight and the
long bounding roll of the ball when
you’ve smacked one just right from the
tee; that come right after the crisp
click of iron, and the high, graceful arch
of a ball that bounces once on the green
and settles near the cup; that come right
after an intentional hook catches the
bend of the fairway, and following it,
digs in and rolls down the middle to
leave you an easy pitch.

DAN got along well at the country
club. People liked to have this
quiet kid caddy for them: he rarely lost
a ball; he always knew how far it was
from one point to another; he could tell
what kind of roll you’d get that day.
The stewards liked him; and because he
always seemed sort of frail, they made
a point of feeding him up. The pro
liked him and let him hang around the
shop when he wasn’t caddying, because
he never got in the way, and he was al-
ways thinking of little things to do that
were a help.

  Dan gradually accumulated clubs. The
caddies could use the practice fairway

in the morning if they got there early
enough. Dan always did. Dan won the
caddies’ tournament when he was six-
teen, and again when he was seventeen.
After that he was no longer a caddy.
He had finished high school then; and
Jake Bushnell, the pro, gave him a job
in the shop.

JOHN KALIK wasn’t in the mines now.
After five years, with Dan buying all
his own cl#thes and bringing a little
money home besides, and with Mary,
Dan’s mother, doing everything she could
to save money, wher a chance turned up
for John Kalik to get out of the mines,
there was enough for him to do it.

  There were a lot of roads being built
then. A friend of John’s had also saved
a little money, and together they made
the down payment on a bunch of de-
crepit old trucks and got a hauling con-
tract on one of those road jobs. They
came out all right. They got more trucks
and more contracts. They made money.
They hooked up with an engineer and
bid on small road jobs. But they were
always working on a thin margin, al-
ways growing and branching out, and
there was never much extra money.

  Not enough to send a boy to college.
So Dan Kalik took the job in the golf-
shop. Jobs were scarce then; he was
lucky to get it.

  Dan hadn’t changed much. He was
still quiet; he still thought his old man
was wonderful and wished he could have
grown up to be jusl: like him. And be-
cause he knew his eld man still thought
he had no guts, Dan Kalik still felt un-
easy about that himself, and wished that
he could do something to prove that he
did have. And felt drearily certain that
he never would.

  He went on playing golf. He knew
big John thought it was a game for
sissies, a game that took no courage.
He thought so too. You see, Dan Kalik
thought of courage as a purely physical
thing; and you couldn’t get hurt play-
ing golf; no one would black your eye;
no one would split your lip.

  But he went on playing, because he
loved the game. He felt guilty about it.
But that didn’t change things; he loved
it anyhow. And his game got good—
very good. He was still slender and
rather frail-looking: five eleven, and he
only weighed one forty. But he took
a free easy swing, and he could hit two
fifty off the tee. And split ’em down the
middle, too, on days when he was right.
THREE THOUSAND OR BUST

  The summer lie was twenty, Dan Ka-
lik qualified to go to the National Open.
The elimination for his district had been
held at his own club. He had caught
a couple of those rounds when you can’t
do wrong, and taid qualified.

  Big John Kalik drove home this sum-
mer night with a concrete-mixer that
needed repairs. There was a weary sag

Dan helped him and the job didn’t take
long, though neither of the Kalik men
had any special genius with machinery.
When they had finished, John wiped his
hands with a wad of waste and looked
thoughtfully at the younger man. “Son,”
he said, “have you got any dough?”
“I’ve got two hundred dollars,” Dan
told him. “Maybe a little more.”

“I don’t guess,” John said, “—I don’t
guess you could borrow any? I don’t
guess you know of any of those rich guys
over at the club that’d like to gamble a

F‘

to those heavy shoulders, and there were
tired lines in his face. The firm need-
ed money—needed it quick, and there
was no place to get it. He was going to
fix the mixer himself, because he couldn’t
afford a repair man. Every nickel they
could get on their equipment, on per-
sonal loans, in any way, they had already
got. And it was not enough. Still work-
ing on a thin margin, they had bit off
too big a bite. The biggest yet. And
they could have made it, too, if luck
and the weather had «been playing on
their side.

  But they weren’t. There had been
three weeks more of rainy weather that
spring than wa§ the average for this sec-
tion; mixers had broken down; one
thing after another that ate up time and
ate up money. This job would have put
them over, on Easy Street, if they could
have pulled through. But they couldn’t
now, and everything they had would be
gone; they would be back where they
had started. Or worse.

  After supper big John went out and
worked over the mixer by lantern light.

“Look here, kid,’’ said
John, "why don’t you
get out and play a real
game—somethin’ that
will help make a man
out of you?”

little? Three thousand, Danny, and we
come through. Otherwise—we can’t fin-
ish. We go bust.”

  “No,” Dan said slowly. “No, I don’t
know any, I’m afraid.”

  John Kalik nodded listlessly. “Yeah.
I wasn’t countin’ on it. Well—well, if
you want to let me have that two hun-
dred—it’s not much, but it’ll help us
hang on awhile longer.”

  Dan stood there staring at the wrench
in his hand, and he didn’t answer for a
little. He had had no intention of going
to the Open, when he had qualified. He
knew what kind of chance he would have
against that competition: the cream of
the best golfers in the world.
8

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

  Now he said: “I guess I’ll play in the
Open. Two hundred won’t help if you
need three thousand, but it’ll pay my
expenses. And the National Open,” he
added, “is worth forty thousand to the
man who wins it.”

  “Forty thousand ! ” John Kalik blinked.
“You mean they’ve got a forty-thousand-
dollar prize in a golf tournament?”

  “Not the prize,” Dan said. “It’s just
five hundred. But you get exhibitions,
endorsements and stuff like that. And
some of it—some of it’s quick money.”
John Kalik was silent a moment.
Then: “If you could win—if you could
win that, Danny—”

  “If I can win,” Dan said soberly, “it’ll
be a miracle. But I can go play. I can
do that.”

SO Dan Kalik went to the National
Open. And John Kalik, who thought
that golf was a sissy game and that this
slender son of his had no nerve—John
Kalik went along to watch. For in this
tournament was the one slender hope
that all his work and sweat of these fif-
teen years might not have been for noth-
ing-

  For two days John Kalik walked in his
shirt-sleeves over green grass and around
pits of sand in the stifling, breathless
heat of a high summer sun. He walked
and watched his son play golf. He
wondered why the kid’s lips grew gradu-
ally tight and thin, why those tired lines
came into his face. It looked very
smooth and effortless when Dan hit a
ball, John Kalik thought.

  It was smooth and easy, Dan Kalik
knew, when you hit them right. But he
also knew how hard it was to make it
easy. You have to think about your
shots—about hitting them right. But
you can’t worry about them.

  John Kalik didn’t know that; he didn’t
know that once you let your imagination
get things in hand, you’re sunk; that
once you begin to think, “What if I
miss?”—that once it begins to occur to
you that you may miss—then you’re
due to start missing shortly.

  He didn’t know about the strain the
National Open puts on a man. It’s not
that you may come to where forty thou-
sand dollars hangs on a stroke; so long
as you’re still in the running, forty thou-
sand hangs on every stroke. Every time
you pick up a club, you’re faced with a
chance to boot away a fortune.

  Dan Kalik knew about that, though;
and he knew something else: that unless

you’re one man in a million, or maybe
it’s ten million, there’s only one thing
that’ll enable you to stand up under it.
You have to learn; you have to practise.
You have to undergo that strain until it’s
an old story, until you can go out there
and play with it hanging over you and
still keep it out of your mind and not let
it affect your muscles. You have to have
tournament experience.

  And Dan Kalik d dn’t have any.

  So Dan Kalik, knowing he couldn’t
think about his gan e without thinking
about it too much, went out there and
tried not to think about it at all. Be-
tween shots he tried to remember dreams
he had had, and the words to songs; he
tried to do algebra in his head, and to
make up limericks. When he came to
his ball, he would try to believe it was
just a practise shot, and that it didn’t
matter whether it came off or not.

  And it worked that first day. He got
into trouble, but he got out again. He
was good, at that. He had a 73.

  The next day, though, was different;
the next day it began to get him. It
was bound to. But also the next day
luck came and sat on Dan Kalik’s shoul-
ders and rode there around the course.
Two long putts curved in, and an off-
line pitch, headed for a trap, hit a tree
and bounced onto th? green to leave him
an eight-inch putt. And the round that
should have been in the eighties was a
76, and Dan Kalik had qualified for the
last day’s play.

THAT last day when they play thirty-
six holes! The low sixty and ties:
sixty-four of the word's best golfers, sea-
soned tournament players, and a kid no
one had ever heard of. A kid who was
thirty-one on that list when the last day
started, nine strokes below the great Jim
Forest, who was in tie lead.

  John Kalik, in these two days, began
to have a vague feeling of uncertainty
about this game he had derided so; and
as he watched these men play it grimly,
that feeling grew. For here was no
bunch of softies, fooling around with a
game for girls; these were men with hard
muscles and level eyes and a fighter’s
look about them.

  And when he watched Dan hit a ball
that went straight and long, and then
hit one that curved into trouble, John
Kalik couldn’t see any difference between
the swings at all. He began to get a
faint idea of what his son was up against:
the game was so delicate; the difference
THREE THOUSAND OR BUST

 “Son,” John asked “have
 you got any dsugh?
 Three thousand, Danny
 —and we come through.
 Otherwise we go bust.”
 Dan said slowly: “Two
 hundred won't help if
 you need three thou-
 sand: but it’ll pay my
 expenses in th<‘ Na-
 tional Open.’

 between a perfect shot and a bum one
 was so slight! Hell, you couldn’t even
 see it!

   And during dinner that night, sitting
 there with this frail kid of his across the
 table from him, so silent, with his black
 eyes somber and the lines of strain so
 evident in his thin face, John Kalik
 wanted very much to help him, wanted
 to say something to make this easier for
 him. But there was nothing he could
 do, of course.

   Once he said: ‘ Don’t worry about the
 dough, kid. It doesn’t matter. If you
 don’t win, it won’t kill anyone, you
 know.”

   But that didn’t help, for those were
 just words, of course; and Dan Kalik
 knew they were. He knew what it would
 mean to his old man to lose everything
 he had worked for during fifteen years
 and almost won. And now Dan had, for
 the first time, a chance to do something
 for him; not something that would make
 big John so very proud of him, of
 course, that would prove he was tough or
 had a lot of courage; he had no hope
 of that. But it would be something im-
 portant just the same, and would help
 , to make up for the other.

   But it would be that only if he won;
 and Dan Kalik knew what his chances
 were. The more you want to win, the

harder it is to keep from tying up, the
tougher the strain. And he was a green
kid playing against hardened experts.

  Maybe you saw that Open. You may
even have seen Dan Kalik shoot his
second round; he was playing with
Hagen that day, and “the Haig” was
blowing hot, and had a big gallery.

  You didn’t see his third round; that’s
a cinch; you probably didn’t see any-
one’s third round. If you were there,
you remember why you didn’t, of course.

  You remember how it was when the
first ones were starting off! Still, so very
still; and hot and muggy. You didn’t
even move, but sweat would rise up on
your skin and stick your shirt to your
back.

  So still! And then you remember
those first little swirling breezes that
rippled the smooth grass of the fairways
and fluttered an old score-card across
the first tee.

  You remember the first drops of rain:
huge, scattered drops that fell around
you with heavy little spats.

  Then the storm, the downpour. You
were in the clubhouse then, of course.
You stood at a window, maybe; but you
10

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

   Now, you may have seen Dan Kalik’s
 fourth round. You may have been one
 of the dozen who thought: “It’s just a
 freak; the kid can’t hold up; but just
 the same, goofy things happen in the
 Open; I’ll get wet and have a look; he’s
 in striking distance now, and with
 another round like this morning—”

   So you went aloig, and you saw that
 round, and you’ve talked about it so
 much since then that you can recite it
 stroke by stfbke; still you didn’t know
 what was going on, and you don’t yet.

didn’t see Dan Kalik starting off on his
third round. The first tee was only
fifty yards away, but you didn’t see him.
You couldn’t see fifty yards in that rain.

  Big John Kalik saw him; big John
Kalik walked around those eighteen
holes, a one-man gallery. He was drip-
ping wet from head to foot. He didn’t
notice it. That wind whipped rain
against his face; it came in cyclonic
gusts and flapped his wet shirt against
his back and stung it. Big John Kalik
didn’t notice it.

  You remember the scores that morn-
ing—78, 79, 80—lots of those. Rain,
washing men out of the Open. Wind,
blowing their hopes away. You remem-
ber 75 was low score; it was low until
this kid you hadn’t heard of before came
in with a 71.

 He started to bring his
 club back for the pitch
 nc! the tuft of grass
 under his foot gave way.
 . . . For what seemed
 minu:es he stood look-
 ing ilown at his club.
 He liad grounded it in
 a hazard.

You saw him tee his ball very low,
almost touching th<; wet grass; you saw
it go out a hundred yards, flying low, and
then you lost it ir the rain. But you
thought: “Too far to the right; that
wind will take it into the rough.”

  But when you fallowed him straight
down the middle of the fairway two hun-
dred and forty yards, there was his fore-
caddy standing beside the ball. Then
you knew the ball had started hooking
after you lost sight of it, and the hook
had balanced the wind and held it in the
middle. And you thought: “Pretty
lucky!”

  It’s a long par four, that first hole.
You saw that spoon shot. It was very
high and to the left of the hole. But
this time it didn’t hook. It was straight,
and the wind got it and drifted it twenty
yards, and dropped it on the edge of the
green, and it didn’t roll three feet. Then,
while you watched this kid get down in
THREE THOUSAND OR BUST

11

 two putts, you were thinking: “Maybe
 that hook was intentional, to get the
 extra roll on this long hole, and the spoon
 shot without hook because he didn’t
 want any roll when he landed on the
 green; maybe he knows what he’s do-
 ing.”

   When you saw him on the next tee,
 with the wind against him, not even tee
 his ball, and use his driver, and then
 use his driver again off the fairway,
 neither of the shots ever getting ten feet
 above the ground, minimizing the wind,
 you were pretty sure he knew what he
 was doing. And vi’hen you saw him on
 the third hole tee the ball high and use a
 brassie, lifting it high into that carrying
 wind for a three-hundred-yard tee-shot,
 then you knew very well he knew what
 he was doing. Then you were beginning
 to be glad you had come.

 IT was worse that afternoon; the rain
 came in fitful bursts. There would be a
 lull, then a deluge. But the wind was
 high and steady new, blowing thirty-five
 1 and forty miles an hour, whipping the
 rain about you and about Dan Kalik in
 thick blinding sheets, stinging against
 •your face. But you were glad you had
 come, anyhow.

   You saw that round of golf, and you
 won’t forget it. You saw this slender,
 frail-looking kid with the free, easy
 swing that got such shocking distance;
 you saw him minimize the rain and wind
 in every way he could, and make the
 wind help him, too, when that was pos-
 sible. And you thought: “This kid’s
 not lucky, he’s just a mighty fine golfer.”

   And you were ri?ht about his being a
 fine golfer that day; but you were wrong
 about his not being; lucky. Because you
 still didn’t know what was going on.

   Dan Kalik didn’t know then, either.
 Dan Kalik figured it out later; when he
 thought about it, he saw how it hap-
 pened. But right then Jje didn’t think
 about it, because he was too busy.

   The rain that blinded you and made
 the club-grips wet and slippery for those
 sixty-five golfers, that left casual water
 everywhere, that slowed down the greens
 and made the fairways soggy and cut
 down the roll: that was lucky for Dan
 Kalik. The wind that stung the rain
 against your face, that carried the ball
 with it or shoved it back or drifted it
 off-line: that was ucky for Dan Kalik
 too.

   For you see, Dan Kalik was good at
 getting out of trouble. A trouble shot is

 an unusual shot; you have to do some-
 thing different. There is generally one
 and only one way it should be played;
 but there is always that one. And Dan
 Kalik was good on those shots, because
 he had a strong and vivid imagination.

  When he came up to a trouble shot, he
saw that one way immediately. His mind
leaped to the variation he had to make
from the normal, and his mind was so
full of that picture there was no room
for anything else. On a regular, ordi-
nary shot his imagination had no work
to do, and worry would slip in: “What
if I miss?” and, “I can’t miss.” He
would play as he had the day before,
when only luck had saved him.

  But now, today, you couldn’t find a
normal shot on this whole course; and
because of that, because each shot was a
new and different problem that filled his
mind entirely, Dan Kalik shot two
weirdly perfect rounds of golf.

  Maybe that sounds queer; maybe you
think: “Why didn’t it work the same
with the other men in this tournament?”
The answer sounds even more queer:
“They were better golfers; they had had
more experience.”

  Tough shots were old stories to them;
they knew how to play them without
even thinking. From experience! So
all they saw was the trouble; all that
came to their minds on tough shots was
that their chances of missing were great-
er. And that helped them miss.

  But if lucky breaks had pulled Dan
Kalik through that shaky, nervous round
the day before, and this queer luck of an-
other kind had helped him today from
tee to green, there was still one thing
luck couldn’t do for him.

  He had to putt for himself.

PUTTING looks easy. But just ask a
pro; ask one of the men who spend
most of the year playing for prize money.
“You drive for fun,” he’ll tell you; “but
you putt for a living.”

  And these were perfect greens, well
drained. There was nothing to distract
Dan Kalik there. They were slow be-
cause they were wet, but they were all
the same; there was never a new prob-
lem.

  But Dan Kalik handled his putts that
day. For after the first two holes he had
become vaguely aware that something
strange was going on, that he had
become a part of some unique golf phe-
nomenon. It gave him a sense of dis-
sociation from himself. It let him play
12

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

in a state of some odd sort of emotional
suspension, so that he could walk up to
a putt and look at it impersonally, and
stroke it surely and delicately.

  And the putts dropped.

  The putts dropped, and Dan Kalik
came to the last hole of his last round,
and the sun came out. The rain had
stopped and the wind had died, and now
the sun found a crack in the clouds and
gleamed very bright and sparkling on the
wet grass.

MAYBE you didn’t see that whole
round; maybe you stayed in the
clubhouse, and kept dry. But you saw
the last hole. For the sun had come
out, and word came that this unheard-
of kid with the funny name, who had
been low in the morning, now stood on
the eighteenth tee with the Open in his
bag. He had only to par the last hole to
win by two strokes.

  The great Jim Forest was already in,
and he was low. Nobody could touch
him but this kid named Kalik, who had
picked up eleven strokes on him today.

  So you came out of the clubhouse with
the rest of them and swarmed down the
course to line the fairway on either side.
You saw them coming from the tee:
Dan Kalik and his partner, their caddies
and the handful of spectators that had
followed them throughout the round.
And you noticed Dan Kalik, of course.
You thought he looked very pale and
tired, but you thought he looked con-
fident too.

  You didn’t notice the man with the
huge shoulders and arms. You didn’t
notice big John Kalik, who had fol-
lowed his son through the wind and rain
for thirty-five holes; who hadn’t even
dared speak to him for hours, or stand
where Dan could see him. Big John
Kalik, who now had a strange look in
his eyes and whose heart was in his
mouth.

  You saw Dan Kalik come up to where
his tee-shot lay clean and sweet in the
middle of the fairway. You saw him
take the three-iron from his caddy and
address the ball. He looked tired, all
right; but he didn’t look worried at all.

  And he wasn’t worried. Dan Kalik
was riding the crest of a wave; nothing
could worry him now. The thing was in
the bag; it looked almost absurdly easy.
An iron to the green, a couple of putts.
If he didn’t get on with the iron, it didn’t
matter. He had a two-stroke margin. It
was a cinch.

  He didn’t hurry. He got the towel
from his caddy ard wiped the grip of
the three-iron, and wiped his hands,
carefully. Through the deluge of rain
that day, the towel had been useless.
You couldn’t get a grip dry. But he had
solved that. He he.d put a handkerchief
around the grip. The wet cloth had
held firm against the leather, and his
hands had held firm against the cloth.
He didn’t have to use it now.

  He sightecThis shot calmly and picked
the place for the ball to roll onto the
green. He didn’t ihink about the shot.
Easy back; then through clean with the
snap. Wrists, arms, shoulders, hips,
head, feet and hands all doing their little
parts together and of their own accord.

  The ball sailed straight and rolled onto
the green. A touch too strong, perhaps.
For it trickled across the green and
dropped over the edge into a trap.

  But Dan Kalik didn’t care then. He
almost chuckled. For he wasn’t worried
about getting out of the trap. And then
two putts, and he was down and he had
won. He could do it with his eyes shut.

  He walked along the fairway. He
didn't notice you and all those others
standing along it; he didn’t notice you-as
you jammed arounc the green.

  Dan Kalik looked down at his ball
and grinned a tiny grin. It wasn’t in
the sand. It had come over the edge of
the trap so gently that it had hung on a
tuft of grass halfway down the steep
slope. An easy shot, very easy. Just
sitting there with lothing under it but
blades of grass, waiting for the fiat sur-
face of the niblick to pitch gently onto
the green.

HE got the club from his caddy and
dried it, and dried his hands, and
then tested his grip carefully before he
stepped into the trap.

  He settled his rig lit foot halfway down
the slope against a little hump of dirt
that clung around a tuft of grass. He
brought his left foot over the bank and
rested it against the slope just enough to
balance him steadily. All his weight was
on his right foot.

  He waggled his club once, making sure
of his grip, being very careful to touch
nothing with the club. He started to
bring it back for thg pitch—and the tuft
of grass under his right foot gave way
and he slid down the side of the trap a
foot or so.

  Then he didn’t move for what seemed
like minutes. He just stood there look-
THREE THOUSAND OR BUST

13

ing down at the head of his club. And
when he looked up, his face, which had
been pale, was a dead white; and his
voice when he spoke was tight and came
through thin lips:

  “I—” he said, aid then he swallowed
once. “I grounded my club,” he said.

  The referee, looking down at him,
nodded sympathetically, but gravely.

  “Yes,” he said. “Yes, you grounded it.
That’s a two-stroke penalty.”

DAN KALIK nodded wordlessly and
looked down sgain. It had been an
accident. It had been plainly uninten-
tional. But you can’t ground your club
in a hazard. If you do, it costs you two
strokes. And he had grounded it.

  And now his ball, which had been ly-
ing two, was lying four. And now Dan
Kalik, who had had three strokes to get
down to win, had two strokes to get down
to tie.

  He set himself again, very carefully
this time, and then he shot. It wasn’t a
very good shot. And it wasn’t a very
bad one. It came to a stop twelve feet
from the cup. Dan Kalik climbed up
onto the green.

*	You saw him come up. You held your
breath and watched and waited. John
Kalik saw him come up. He saw him
come up to face that putt; and John
Kalik, who was big and tough, turned
paler than his son.

  For John Kalik had got the idea to-
day; he had realized what you were up
against; what his son was up against. In
a fight, if things get tough, you can back
up against the ropes and come out swing-
ing. You’ve got an opponent; you’ve got
some one and something to fight.

  But you haven’t, in golf. You’re fight-
ing yourself. It’s not that you have to
make yourself do something; you have
to make yourself not do things. You
have to make yourself not be tense, and
keep your muscles from «tying up. You
have to be sure anc firm and delicate.

  There it was: a little ball lying out
there on the grass. And a hole twelve
feet away. And his kid, with that awk-
ward-looking club they called a putter, .
had to knock it in.

  A chance at forty thousand dollars if
he did. And nothing if he didn’t.

  John Kalik looked at that ball and
began to shake all over.

  It was so easy, so very easy to miss.
It was so delicate. The gentlest touch,
a blade of grass lhat grew the wrong
way, could turn it aside.

  John had been a fighter. He had fin-
ished his last fight with two broken
hands; and he had stabbed enough with
those hands in the last round to come
out with the decision. There have been
many game fighters, but none gamer
than John Kalik. And John Kalik
realized now that if he had practised
this game for years, he couldn’t sink that
putt. He didn’t have the guts.

  Young Dan Kalik stood on the green
alone. That was the thing; he was so
alone out there. All that weird con-
fidence, that can’t-do-wrong feeling, was
gone out of him now. He was out there
alone with a club and a ball and a cup.
He saw you now, and he saw the rest
of the gallery.

  You stood there so quiet, holding your
breath. You and all the others; you
were tense, curious faces and hundreds of
staring eyes. You hemmed him in. It
was so quiet. If only there were the rain
now, or the wind; if only some one
would scream or start a fight.

  But it was still and quiet, and no one
moved or spoke. And there was the ball
and there was the cup. He had to knock
the ball in with this clumsy thing in his
clumsy hands.

FOR he was afraid now; he was nerv-
ous now. He couldn’t get his breath.
And his mind was full of hideous things:
of how far it was to the cup—twelve feet
or a million miles, he couldn’t tell; of
how small the cup was; of how treach-
erous was the slope of the green now;
of how much its speed might have
changed from previous greens, through
drainage these last fifteen minutes; of
those hundreds of staring eyes around
him, and those hundreds of held breaths
that waited to come out all together in
a long, sighing “Ah-h-h-h” when he had
missed; and of what it meant to his
father that he should not miss.

  Dan Kalik stepped up to the ball; he
laid his club behind it.

  Then he turned abruptly away, and
dropped his club to the grass and said
to the referee in a queer, toneless voice:
“It’s all right if I wait a minute?”

  The referee frowned. He said: “Well
—yes. Yes, you can take what time you
need to line up the putt.”

  Dan Kalik turned back then, and
dropped to one knee on the wet turf and
stared at his ball. He stared at his
ball until he didn’t see you and all those
eople standing with you, close around
im. He said to himself: “This is just
14

THREE THOUSAND OR BUST

a putt. You step up and tap them in.
Bobby Jones said to be sure you were
breathing easy.”

  He breathed. He counted while he
took twenty slow, deep breaths and let
them slowly out—staring at the ball,
until he didn’t see it really, until his eyes
looked glazed.

  Then Dan Kalik rose and picked up his
putter and walked to his ball as a man
walks in his sleep. He set his feet. With
no preliminaries he stroked the ball,
and it rolled out and took the slope and
curved to drop into the middle of the
cup.

  A long, reverent sigh swelled out to
envelop him; but he didn’t know it.
Young Dan Kalik’s knees had given
way, and he was sitting in the middle of
the green.

  His teeth began to chatter.

JIM FOREST beat Dan Kalik in the
play-off the next day. He beat him by
five strokes, which was about right.
That’s about how much better a golfer
Jim Forest was. . . .

  Dan Kalik sat on a bench in front of
his locker. He had been there several
minutes, but he hadn’t moved yet even to
untie a shoe. He sat there looking down
at the floor, and his shoulders sagged
wearily.

  Big John Kalik sat beside him. They
hadn’t talked much the last two days.
Big John had wanted to talk to his kid,
but he couldn’t find the words. He
tried now.

  “Well,” he said awkwardly, “well, son,
you played a nice game. A mighty nice
game.”

  After a second Dan Kalik said bitter-
ly: “If I hadn’t slipped! If I’d had
enough sense to get solid before I took a
club in my hands—”

  Big John found the words then.

  “Danny,” he said, “forget it. We’ll
be okay. If I go back to the mines, it
aint going to kill me. It doesn’t matter.
Because you see, I was a pretty game
guy in my day. I had some guts. But
Danny, the best day I ever lived, if I’d
played golf all my life—” He shook his
head a little and looked away, and when
he finished his voice was very soft: “—I
wouldn’t have had the guts to sink that
putt.”

  Dan Kalik didn’t look up for a minute.
He couldn’t. His old man was just try-
ing to cheer him up; his old man was a
swell guy. . . . Then he looked up—and
saw his father’s eyes.

DAN KALIK had finally had his
shower and was dressing, when Jim
Forest came in.

  “It was mighty pretty, kid,” Forest
said. “I feel as if I’d stolen it. Tough
break, that! But that’s golf. Now,
about these exhibitions—I figure the best
thing is just to team up now, and insist
that we play them together. It’ll mean
more for both of us than if we leave it to
chance.”

  Dan Kalik Ttlinkel at him. “Exhi-
bitions?” he said. He swallowed. “Ex-
hibitions! You mean—” He couldn’t
finish.

  “Wake up!” Forest hit him on the
shoulder. “You’re news, kid. You got
color. They’ll cry for you. You won’t
get what I do, but ycu’ll get nice dough.
A hundred, or a hundred fifty a crack.”
Dan Kalik got his breath. “A hun-
dred ! ” he said. “Listen—I mean—look,
would it be—could I get any of it
quick ?"

  Forest chuckled. ‘ Well,” he said, “by
tomorrow noon we ought to have enough
guarantees for you to borrow a thousand
on. There’ll be mors when we get our
route laid out. Between five and ten
grand for you, all together, I’d say:
They’ll go for you, kid. You’ll see.”

IT was about twenty minutes later that
John Kalik said: “Son, when this is
over, what’ll you do? If you want to
come in with us—well, you got an inter-
est waiting for you, you know. It’ll be a
damn’ solid company then, too.”

  Dan Kalik was silent a second. Then
he said hesitantly: “1—I—well, you see,
if this is like Fores: says it’ll be, I’ll
have enough publicity so I ought to be
able to get a pretty good pro’s job. I’ve
had the three years’ apprenticeship; I’m
eligible for the P.G A. And—I’d like
that. I guess I’d like that pretty well.”
“Yeah, I guess so,” John Kalik said
slowly. He paused a moment, looking a
bit sheepish. But he went on:

  “Well,” he said, “well, I guess I aint
been gettin’ as much exercise as I really
ought to. If you think maybe I could
learn to play the game half decent—not
like you, of course, bat just pretty good
—why, let me know when you get set-
tled. I’ll be around for some lessons
when this road job is done.”

  Big John Kalik never used to talk
about his son. Now he plays golf four
days a week, and talks about him all the
time. . . . And now you know about the
National Open that year.
“ ’At rebellion came on me suddent-like, an’ Ah let
'at big Rendezvous have it right behin’ de eah!”

4Drums Across the <Sea

The stirrini tale of the metamorphosis of Damon Pythias Green.

By Charles Layng

IT is difficult foi us old grads to con-
ceive of the Wendover drum without
Damon Pythian Green. The Wend-
over drum still reposes in the sanctum
reserved for it under the stadium; but
Damon Pythias Green, after years of
staying put, has removed himself far, far
from the peaceful scholastic atmosphere
that graces Barwood, Alabama. For
years the Wendover drum—the biggest
drum of any college in the South, al-
though State Normal grads may vainly
dispute the claim—was never seen except
in the company of Damon Pythias Green.
Now, alas, that association has been brok-
en up, a happening as unthinkable, as
unnatural, as the reparation of ham and
eggs, or of Scotch and soda.

  As the person responsible for the as-
sociation in the first place, and as the
only Wendover grad who, until now, has

15

known what happened to Damon Pythias
Green, it seems to devolve upon me to
reveal the amazing facts in the case.

  Modestly, I admit to a certain innate
talent and no small amount of skill with
the drumsticks, either musical or culi-
nary. After all, why shouldn't I admit it,
since it’s a hereditary trait, for wasn’t a
first cousin of my father the drumming-
est drummer-boy and the chicken-eat-
ingest youngster for his size in the whole
Confederate army? He was. There-
fore it is not at all surprising that my
abilities along those lines should have
been recognized, and that, as early as my
freshman year at Wendover, I had al-
ready attained the honor of being bass-
drummer in the Wendover band. It was
then that I met Damon Pythias Green.

  Wandering alone one night on the de-
serted football field, the better to dream
16

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

dreams of the young lady who was cur-
rently wearing my frat pin, I heard the
roll of the drum issuing from the dark-
ened depths under the stadium. Even
in my somewhat bemused state, my mu-
sician’s soul told me that the drum-
sticks were in the hands of a master.
Such rhythm, such volume and such tone
are not attained by one drummer in ten
million.

  Hastily, and more than a little rev-
erently, as that masterly thrumming
thrilled me to that very cockle of my
heart reserved for love of drumming, I
rushed to the room where the instru-
ments were kept. As I entered, I could
see the ghostly outlines of the drum in
the stray wisps of moonlight that wafted
in the window, but of the drummer noth-
ing was visible—the drum seemed to be
beating itself.

  I must admit that my first thought was
to leave the room, the stadium and, for
that matter, the campus, as quickly as
possible; but then I hesitated. After all,
was not my father’s second cousin the
hero of Shiloh? He was. Therefore I
stayed where I was for a moment to
gather courage, and then moved in closer.
The drummer became visible, or at least
as visible as a small inky-black colored
boy ever is of a darkish night. That was
my first sight of Damon Pythias Green.

WITH his small body hunched over
in concentration, and only the whites
of his eyes showing in his ecstasy, he was
pounding that drum as it had never been
pounded before, even by me. So intent
was he that, even when I spoke to him,
he didn’t look up; and it was not until
he had finished—and superbly, too—a
long and difficult roll that he noticed my
presence. Then, with a yell, he started
for the door as fast as his short legs
could carry him. It was all I could do
to catch him, grab him by the scruff of
the neck and hang on.

  “Where did you learn to drum?” I
asked, when for a moment he had stopped
squirming.

  “On dishpans in Mammy’s kitchen,
suh.”

  He looked up at me with his eyes roll-
ing in fright, and then he flashed a grin
of recognition.

  “Scuse me, suh, haint yo’ de bass drum-
mer in de band?”

  I nodded, and an eager look crossed
his face.

  “Nen mebbe yo’ c’d fix it so’s I could
play on ’at drum nights sometimes, when

nobody else wants to. Ah’d do anythin’
fo’ you, suh, ef’n yo’ could.”

  That’s how the association between
Damon Pythias Green and the Wend-
over drum began; for in deference to a
fellow-artist, I could do nothing less than
to have him appointed custodian of the
band instruments, and puller of the cart
on which the bass drum rested during the
band’s parades.

IT proved art excellent arrangement;
for Damon Pythias got to play on his
beloved drum, and I got a most indus-
trious valet. Damon Pythias, in addi-
tion, became quite a campus celebrity,
with the aid of Professor Cyneas F. Pin-
feather, Ph.D., head of the psychology
departmental Wendover. As it happened,
Professor Pinfeather had just returned
from spending his sabbatical year abroad,
at the exact time when the first of the
faint Freudian stirrings that were to
make America complex-conscious began;
and Damon Pythias smilingly and will-
ingly agreed to serve as Exhibit A in the
Professor’s psychology courses. For
hours, he would doze in a chair next to
the Professor’s desk.

  “This young person,” the eminent Doc-
tor was wont to interne, “is the perfect
example of the inferiority complex, and
one of its by-products, the size fixation.
Although he is approximately eighteen
years of age, you will note that he is
much smaller than is usual for that age,
and—”

  I shall not attempt to quote the Pro-
fessor literally, largely because I could
not if I would, in view of a fortunate fa-
cility of mine of being; able to sleep with-
out exterior signs that anyone as wrapped
up in his subject as the Professor was,
could distinguish. However, through
sheer repetition, it did eventually soak
in upon me that Damon Pythias, accord-
ing to Messrs. Pinfeather and Freud, in
the order named, was doomed to worship
objects of large size: hence his love of
the bass drum. Moreover, according to
the Professor, he would, at the proper
time, marry a womar much bigger than
himself and be henpecked ever after.

  “Or perhaps,” the Professor would
conclude, and I remember his exact
words, as they marked the welcome end
of the hour and always awoke me, “there
will be a rebellion, aid the subject will
endeavor to prove his superiority. When
this occurs, a complete and basic meta-
morphosis will, in all likelihood, take
place.”
DRUMS ACROSS THE SEA

17

   And Dr. Pinfeather, Ph.D., thereupon
 achieved a certain fame, even among his
 students, when Damon Pythias—possi-
 bly under the influence of the power of
 suggestion—did exactly as the Professor
 had predicted. From among the not un-
 limited choice of large black girls in
 Barwood, he selected he largest and
 the blackest, in the ample person of Ren-
 dezvous Applegate, and duly led her to
 the altar, or vice versa.

   “Perfessor sho’ hit de nail on de haid
 about me’n’ Rendezvous,” Damon Py-
 thias explained to me.

   “But why did you marry her?”
 Damon grinned his ample white-
 toothed grin.

  “Ahdunno! But what he mean about
 dis rebellion?” he continued. “Thought
 ’at was ovah long ago, when we-uns got
 us freed.”

   I tried to explain to Damon Pythias
 that, between persons, a rebellion meant
 something quite different, and that what

 #	he referred to hadn’t been a rebellion
 ” anyway, but a war between the States.
 I’m afraid, however, ths.t I made rather
 heavy weather of it, the ugh Damon Py-
 thias was a bright enough lad. To him,
 the long words of Professor Pinfeather
 were quite sufficiently impressive to be
 taken as a form of “conjuh,” and there
 wasn’t a colored boy in all of Barwood
 who didn’t know the uselessness of fight-
 ing that.

 THAT the Professor was right, too, in
 his prediction that Damon Pythias
 would be henpecked was soon apparent.
 Rendezvous had a mind of her own, with
 a tongue to match, and a temperament
 and physique ideally adapted to the con-
 genial task of henpecking a scrawny, un-
 dersized negro. Although it is doubtful
 if she ever heard of the Professor’s
 prophecy, she fulfilled it to the letter,
 none the less. For a long time Damon
 Pythias said nothing abc ut it,J^ut I could
 tell from his touch on he drums, times
 back of the stadium when he thought no
 one was within earshot, that his heart was
 sad and crying out for independence.

   In due course, and without honors, I
 was graduated; but Damon Pythias
 stuck to me like a burr, pressing my
 clothes and shining my shoes and trying
 vainly to get me to ksep up with my
 drumming. But I was 1oo busy with my
 current frat-pin wearer and my new
 duties as reporter for the Barwood Ban-
 ner to pursue my art; and I never have
 taken it up again. Not, you will under-

 stand, but that, given the drumsticks
 even today, I couldn’t turn in a m*asterly
 performance; but you know how such
 things are. They drift.

  Damon Pythias, on the contrary, went
on taking care of his drums, his drum-
ming and his Rendezvous, uncomplain-
ing, and sometimes even cheerful under
the spell of his own drumming. It was
not until some years later, as I was
about to depart for the metropolitan
field, that I ever heard him protest. Just
a few days before I left, he appeared at
my establishment wearing what, in any-
one some shades lighter, would have
been a very black eye. He rubbed it
with tender fingers.

  “ ’At rebellion Perfessor alius talks
about, hit aint fur away now, suh,” he
told me. But I only laughed at him, for
to me, Rendezvous and Damon Pythias
seemed as firmly united as were Damon
Pythias and the Wendover drum.

AS it happened, I was wrong on both
. counts, but it took years to bring it
about. On my less and less frequent
visits to Barwood, Damon Pythias would
mutter ever more and ever darker
threats, but it was only recently that I
returned to Barwood to find him gone
at last.

  Rendezvous told me all about it when
she came to inquire if I knew anything
of his whereabouts.

  “ ’At Damon Pythias, he were a deep
one,” she informed me. “F’r ten yeahs
he de best husband a ’ooman evah had;
and nen, what he do? Nigh to muhdeh
me, ’at what he do. One night I tol’
him not to make so much noise wiv a
ol’ drum f’m de band he had round de
house. He di’n’ say nuthin’; jes haul
off and sock me alongside de haid wiv
a drumstick, he do. When I come to, he
gone, dat wuthless Damon Pythias.
Haint seen hide n’r haih o’ him sence.
Think he come back?”

  I consoled the gigantic Rendezvous as
best I could, and then proceeded to for-
get all about Damon Pythias and his
problems, for I received a telegram that
sent me scurrying back to New York.
My big chance had come. The paper
wanted to send me to Ethiopia as war
correspondent; would I go? Would I?
Wasn’t my father’s third cousin one of
the best war correspondents the Birming-
ham Herald ever had? He was. So I
went.

  Adventures awaited me in plenty, but
if you are interested in them, you will
18

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

                                                    Illustrated by
                                                    Henry Thiede

“Ah’m big stuff now; nobody c’n tell me what to do; Ah’m a gawd, an’—”

find a masterly account in the Daily
Bugle or any of the papers subscribing
to its syndicated foreign service. The
fact remains that I alone, of all the for-
eign correspondents, penetrated into the
far and mountainous north of Ethiopia
—into the territory of the Hyena men.
It was in the company of a Hyena chief-
tain and his followers that I penetrated
into the unknown Geez country, climb-
ing high mountains, skirting dizzy gorges
and generally disporting myself as de-
scribed in Articles IV and V of my series
and Chapter 18 of my forthcoming book.

  What will not be in the book, however,
is my astonishing renewal of acquaint-
ance with an old friend.

MY safari had arduously penetrated
far beyond the spots that are marked
on the map, when one evening as I was
huddled over a campfire, the rolling of
a drum came to my ears. I leaped to
my feet in utter astonishment, for there
was something about that beat that was
unmistakable. There was, there could
be, only one person in the world who had
that peculiar, insistent, insidious rhythm
at his finger-tips; and that person was
Damon Pythias Green. In another mo-
ment I was certain, for the distant
drummer launched into the bass-drum

arrangement of ‘ Old Wendover to Thee,”
something I could never forget.

  But if the rolling of the drums across
miles of high plateau had a startling
effect upon me, it had a positively elec- '
trical effect on the natives who accom-
panied me. With one accord they pros-
trated themselves rapidly five times, to
the accompaniment of a wailing chant.
Then, although ihey were tired from the
day’s march, they leaped to their feet
and began shouldering their burdens.
Under the spell of the roaring of that
distant drum, which was now doing “Thy
Storied Ivied Walls,” they worked faster
than I had ever seen them work, in a
sort of feverish ranee.

  I sought out :he chief to protest, but
he merely shook his head and pointed in
the direction whence that magnetic
booming came. By this time I had ac-
quired a fairish familiarity with the
language, and alter several repetitions I
caught the chief’s meaning.

  “We must go on, now, tonight,” the
chief said, “for that is the voice of the
great Ngbani calling us—calling, calling,
calling 1 ”

  I stared at him in amazement.

  “Nonsense! The men are tired, and
so am I. We’ll stay right here until
morning.”
DRUMS ACROSS THE SEA

19

  “No. The white chief is powerful,
true; but when Ngbani calls, we come.”

  “And who is Ngbani?”

 “Something more than man, some-
thing— Listen, he calls us to assemble!
Perchance the Italians are coming. Per-
chance—but no matter: Ngbani calls,
and we obey.”

WHAT Ngbani was actually calling
at that moment was “Beat South-
western Wesleyan Tech,” but my protests
went for naught. There and then, tired as
we were, the safari set out, drawn irre-
sistibly toward the vortex of that whirl-
pool of sound that filled the air with a
throbbing beat. Dancingly the Hyena
men carried their heavy burdens uphill
and down at a swift trot, to the beat of
“Plunge Those Forty Yards,” and it was
quite all that I could do, even though
unburdened and buoyed up by that im-
mortal Wendover song as I was, to keep
up with them.

  All through the night our ears pulsed
to the siren call of that beat, now steady,
now quavering, but always insidious,
and never more so than when it took
up “The Sweetheart o' Tau Epsilon Nu.”
Loader and ever louder it grew as we
approadied it, until at last, ’mid a burst
of “The Orange, Blue and Heliotrope,”
we debouched from a. sparse forest and
into a huge clearing. Other groups were
already there, and still others were ap-
proaching from all directions; each na-
tive, from the mightiest chiefs down,
prostrating himself ir a-sort of frenzied
reverence as soon as he reached the
clearing.

  In the center stood the biggest drum
I’ve ever seen; and beating it with the
sure, deft hand of a master, was a small
wizened negro in whom—despite his out-
landish costume of lion’s mane and leop-
ard’s skin and necklaces of vicious-look-
ing teeth from palpably defunct animals
—I recognized Damon Pythias Green.
He was as intent as ever oVer his drum-
ming, lput he no lor ger hunched while
playing. His head was high and his
chest thrust out, and he was drinking in
the adulation offered him from all sides.
I approached him.

  “Hello, Damon Pyi:hias,” I shouted in-
to his ear above the roar of “Wendover’s
Victory.”

  He dropped the drumsticks as though
he had been shot, and whirled around
with tears of welcome in his eyes.

 “How come? But nevah mind, suh.
The mainest an’ impohtantest thing is,

yo’ is heah an’ c’n see what’s happened
to lil’ ol’ Damon Pythias Green. See all
those niggahs? They thinks Ah’m a
gawd—an’ me a lil’ runt f’m Barwood,
Alabam’!”

  “But how did this happen?”

  “Well suh, ’at rebellion ’at Perfessor
done talked so much about, hit came on
me suddent-like, an’ Ah let ’at big Ren-
dezvous have it right behin’ de eah, an’
den—”

  “Yes, I know all about that; but how
did you get here ?”

  “J’ined a cull’d band goin’ on a round-
de-wuhld cruise, an’ lef’ ’em when they
tol’ me we was headin’ back to’ds Bar-
wood. Happened to be in poht at Ji-
buti, an’ Ah lef’ theah and wandehed
up heah about six months ago. An’ didn’t
I find me a drum! Dey claims nobody
c’n beat it but de great Ngbani, so Ah
is it. Looky!”

  He turned to the drum and drew from
it a few sobbing Sounds that I recognized
as “Cutting English III.” And from a
thousand throats the worshiping cry of
“Ngbani!” rose.

  “It seems that the metamorphosis pre-
dicted by Professor Pinfeather is a
jait accompli,” I told him.

 “Huh?”

  “You’ve changed.”

  “Yas suh, f’m de bottom up, f’m de
inside out, f’m de outside in. Ah’m big
stuff now; nobody c’n tell me what to
do; Ah’m a gawd, an’—”

A SHRILL and angry scream caused
him to leave the sentence suspended
in midair.

  From an’ adjacent hut there emerged
the largest negress I’ve ever seen, six
feet and a half tall if she was an inch,
and of the general breadth of a barn
door.

  “ ’At’s mah new wife,” Damon Pythias
explained.

  In the voice of a petulant foghorn—
an unusually loud foghorn—the giantess
shouted something at Damon Pythias,
and he replied.

  As I have said, my knowledge of the
Amharic tongue is only rudimentary,
but it sufficed for this interchange, which
might be translated as follows:

  “Hey, yo’ wuthless scoundrel, what yo’
been doin’ out theah all night wiv ’at
trash? Yo’ c’m right in heah this min-
ute, or Ah’ll knock yo’ eahs down.”

  The great Ngbani looked at me for a
moment.

  “Yas’m, honey, Ah’s cominV’ he said.
     The epic of a gallant young rebel against civilization, and of his
     hazardous journey back to the wild Arctic oasis of his birth.

 Kip GA of the

The Story Thus Far:

THE extraordinary events here set
forth had their beginnings a gen-
eration ago when Dr. Lincoln Rand
set sail aboard the schooner Cherokee on
a great-hearted errand as medical mis-
sionary to the primitive people of the
Northwest coast. With him went his
young wife Helena and his Indian friend
Mokuyi.

Blown far out of her course by North
Pacific gales, through the Bering Sea and
into the unknown Arctic north of Siberia,
the Cherokee was wrecked upon a wild
and reef-girt coast—the shore, it proved,
of the great hitherto unknown land of
Nato’wa: a region warmed by uncharted
ocean currents and by great volcanic fis-
sures and hot springs; a land thickly
wooded with evergreens of the sequoia
family, and supporting many and varied
wild animals. Stranger still was its hu-
man population: a people so like the

Copyright, 1936, by The McCall Company (The Blue Book Magazine). AH rights reserved.

 American Indians in appearance, in
 language, in life and beliefs and customs,
 that Dr. Rand soon came to the con-
 clusion that here was the original birth-
 place of the Indian race.

   Not long after tie arrival of the cast-
 aways, the son of Lincoln Rand and
 Helena was born; but only a few weeks
 later the child’s parents were both killed
 in a raid by hostile natives upon the
 Shoni tribe who had given them shelter.
 Thereupon the clild was adopted by
 Mokuyi and cared for by his native wife
 Awena.

   In this primitive life, Kioga, or the
 Snow Hawk, as he was named, grew to a
 splendid manhood. From Mokuyi, and
 from books salvaged from another ship
 wrecked upon the coast, he learned to
 speak and write English; and from his
 wild comrades he acquired a wealth of
 forest lore. When Mokuyi was murdered
Illustrated by Jeremy Cannon

Wilderness

by a Shoni secret society, Kioga avenged
his death implacably. And his prowess
in war and hunting at length made him
war-chief tain of the tribe. When, how-
ever, another party of white people were
wrecked upon the reefs of Nato’wa, fool-
ishly fired upon the natives and were
about to be put to death, Kioga rescued
them. And for that lie was exiled from
his adopted people.

  Yearning to see t be country of his
fathers, Kioga aided this castaway yacht-
ing party—Beth La Salle, her brother
Dan and her suitor Allan Kendle—to
build a boat and escape. On the south-
ward journey, Kendle grew suspicious of
Beth’s growing interest in Kioga, and
contrived to have him left marooned on
the ice when a whaler picked up the rest
of the party.

  The Snow Hawk survived all dangers,
however, and made his way to San Fran-

cisco and thence to New York. But
civilization proved too much for Kioga.
Disgusted by its many hypocrisies and
believing his love rejected by Beth, he
left New York and set out overland
through Canada and Alaska to make his
way back to Nato’wa. And on the way
he gathered a group of American Indians
—people homesick for the free and
simple life that was theirs before the
white man came—to take back w'ith him
to the land of their forefathers.

  Meanwhile, Beth La Salle, her brother
Dan and their friend the scientist Dr.
Munro chartered the schooner Nanvhal
and set forth from San Francisco to
overtake him. (The story continues in
detail:)

AT Juneau the Narwhal interrupted her
i northward voyage for a few addition-
al supplies—and to hire a new cook; for

21
22	THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

Henders, the man they had shipped at
San Francisco, had shown himself too
fond of liquor to warrant risking him on
their long and hazardous voyage. The
search was delegated to Dan La Salle.

  It was the noon-hour when he landed,
and not far from the schooner he came
upon a crowd of dockhands and steve-
dores gesticulating angrily before a wall
of high-piled merchandise. Wrathful
epithets crackled on the salty breeze.
Approaching the scene of hostility, Dan
peered between the heads of the agitated
dock-gang.

  A stranger figure never trod the water-
front than he upon whom Dan’s curious
gaze alighted: Not over five feet four
the stranger stood, dwarfed in the circle
of his persecutors. Brown as coffee was
the homely face below the brim of a
dusty soft hat. From under the wavy
brim a most peculiar pair of eyes looked
calmly forth upon the world, and found
something therein to twinkle at. Like
most else about the man, the eyes did
not quite match, and one bushy brow
was but half the size of its neighbor, a
scar marking the spot where once its
remainder had flourished. The nose was
remarkable for its size and straightness,
above sweeping lank mustaches. For the
rest, from skinny, wrinkled turkey-neck
down, he was a most unkempt, disrepu-
table specimen of mankind.

  All of this Dan’s eyes absorbed in a
swift glance, as he sought the source of
a high-pitched chatter that rose defiant-
ly above the barrage of profanity. Sud-
denly a long prehensile coil flicked its
length about the little man’s neck. A
black spidery hairy hand appeared from
behind one ear to seize his shirt-collar.
Its mate, flourishing a fistful of good
American currency, proceeded to stuff
the greenbacks into the stranger’s breast
pocket. W'hereafter the diminutive
monkey continued spouting fury and
indignation from safety behind its non-
descript master. At a word from be-
neath the mustaches, the little animal
became abruptly silent. Without formal-
ity the stranger then introduced himself
to all who cared to listen.

  “Shore as my name’s Flashpan, us-all
better be a-movin’ on.”

  The voice, like his person, was un-
usual, coming cracked and alternately
strong and whispered.

  “ ’Taint nowise healthy hereabouts for
us, or for others,” he added meaningly,
producing a long-barreled pistol of an-
cient vintage, and cocking it audibly

with an agile thumb. “Naow, gent’men,”
he continued, “cl’ar the road!” Then,
to the monkey on his shoulder: “B’hold
the ways of men, Placer, and be thankful
the good Lord made ye a monkey. The
heathens like to cleaned us out with
marked cyards; yet when we turn the
tables and git it tack, they cuss; and
what’s worse, they repent not.”

  At this point one of the angry dock-
hands would have laid hands upon the
little man from one side, but a black dog
of northern breed leaped up and clicked
menacing white fargs an inch from his
throat. An instant later the entire mob,
closely pursued by this grim Cerberus,
took to its heels, leaving the diminutive
stranger in command of the field.
KIOGA OF THE WILDERNESS

23

  He who called himself Flashpan eyed
them quizzically a moment, spat with
incredible exactitude ten feet across the
dock into the bay, and ihrust his weapon
back into his rope belt. Through his
fingers he sent forth a shrill whistle.
Back came the great dog with wagging
tail. Bending, Flashpan swung an im-
mense packsack hung with pick and
shovel and cooking-oulfit, to his back,
upon which the monkey sprang instantly.

THUS, like a scrawny Atlas bearing
the earth upon his shoulders, Flash-
pan prepared to continue his journeyings
anew, when his bright all-noticing eye
chanced to glimpse the Narwhal, tugging
at her dripping lines. Checking, he
lowered his immense burden and its
agitated occupant, to gaze yearningly
upon the stout craft.

  “Handsome, isn’t she?” said Dan by
way-of scraping acquaintance. “A beau-
ty, son,” replied the ancient. “I mind
me, son, of times I’ve sailed aroun’ the
globe on such a ship, an’—”

  “Ever cooked ?” interrupted his young
listener.

  “Aye, cooked,” answered the Ancient
Mariner, looking surprised. “Sharks’ fins
in the Chiny Sea, an’ birds’ nests on the
Yangtsuey; curry-rice in Injy and spa-
ghetti in It’ly; sourdough biscuit on
the Yukon an’—”

                     “Wipe the seaweed
                     from yer ear, Nep-
                     tunel” cried Flash-
                     ptin. “And come no
                     more aboard the Nar-
                     whal, or I'll carve ye
                     into Christmas beef!”

  How much longer this recital would
have continued history knoweth not, for
at this point Dan interrupted:

  “Look here! We need a cook on the
Narwhal.”

  With shrewd eyes the little man looked
from Dan to ship and back, gulped, and
with an effort that swelled veins on neck
and forehead, managed: “No! Ye do?”
“Suppose you come aboard and have
a talk with the captain.”

  “Wa-al,” began Flashpan, a doubtful
eye roving from his dog to his monkey.
“Y’mean all three of us, I s’pose.”

  Dan grinned. “Why not?”

  Flashpan recalled his dog from eager
investigations about a rat-hole in the
pier. “This here is Nugget,” he explained
to Dan. “Call him that account he was
a lucky find, and gold clear through.
Now this monk, here, his name’s Placer,
account he’s uncertain, kind of an un-
known claim, an’ y’never know what
he’ll do. C’mon along, Nugget; we’re
boardin’ the Narwhal.”

"P OR our records,” said Dr. Munro
1 when Dan had presented his find,
“I must ask you a few questions.”

  Flashpan doffed his hat with a sweep.
“At yer service, Cap’n.”

  “How old are you, Flashpan ?” Munro
began.

  The new cook squinted with concen-
tration and spat reflectively through an
open porthole. “Round’bout ’98 ’twas,
when I come of votin’ age and sold my
first ballot,” he recalled.

  “Pretty old for this job,” said Munro
thoughtfully.

  “Old but tough,” returned Flashpan
with a look of secret alarm.

  “But this may be a dangerous voyage.”
“Dead shot with rifle and pistol,” re-
turned Flashpan swiftly.

 “We-el—”

  “Cook like a Frenchman, I can,” per-
sisted Flashpan. “Been around, I hev.
Seen a-plenty of this here world, aye. Of
an adventurin’ disposition, Captain, sir—
fancy-free and a-ra’rin’ to go!”

  “Not married, then?”

  Flashpan wiped aside a suspiciously
quick tear. “Mighta been a widower,
Cap’n, if I’d married her—which I didn’t.”
Munro smiled. Flashpan gestured
roundly, confidently. “I accept the berth,
Cap’n, sir,” said he.

  “Hold on! ” laughed Munro. “What’s
your occupation?”

  “Prospectin’, sir. Had me pick in five
countries, not includin’ Africky. Picked
24

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

Flashpan beat time with a hobnailed boot while in his hoarse

up a twelve-ounce nugget other day up
Dawson way. Kept it fer a souvenir—
fust one in nigh onto twenty year.
Chicken-feed,” he pronounced disdain-
fully; then with hope: “Strike it rich
some day, mebbe.”

  “What about the monkey?”

  “Placer? Oh, he’ll stand the cold.
Why, he got away from a circus down
Iowy-way in a snowstorm—had fur like
a seal when I caught him.”

  “All right,” decided Munro, “I think
you’re the man for us. Now as to pay—”
With a gesture of superb disdain Flash-
pan waived the trifling matter. “Never
earnt a dollar in me life, Cap’n,” he de-
clared. “Been diggin’ fer gold nigh onto
forty year. An’ T got enough here,”—he
slapped a clinking bag at his waist,—
“and in other places,” he added mys-
teriously, “to live comfort’ble. But it’s
the lookin’ I like, sir, not the findin’,”
he confided. “Never mind the pay, sir.
Jest lemme go ashore wherever we be,
and try me luck, is all I ask, sir.”

LATE that night, Henders crossed the
j gangplank unsteadily and went down
the forward hatch. At the galley door
he paused to rub clouded eyes and look
again! Upon a table, dressed with lov-
ing care in miniature pirate’s clothes,
swaggered a long-tailed monkey in shiny
boots. He doffed his tiny black hat,

then cursed the intruder roundly. By
the stove, eyes gleaming, sat a huge,
bristling dog. A moment Henders stood
lost in liquorous amazement, then ven-
tured to enter his galley. On the instant
its guardian bared his teeth and warned
the man back with a growl.

  “My own galley.” hiccuped the cook,
wonderingly, “an’ > ’wont let me in, eh ?”
He drew back his booted foot to kick.

  “Hull on, thar!” came a commanding
voice from behind. Turning, Henders
found a pair of qu zzical eyes regarding
him from the pantry, and saw a strange
figure wearing a cook’s apron. In the
figure’s hand was a meat-cleaver.
“Who’re you?” he demanded thickly.
“I be Flashpan, cook on this wessel.
What’re you-all doin’ in my galley?”
“Your galley?” repeated Henders.
Slowly he dropped a hand to the cabin-
house top, where he had seen a belaying-
pin—a weapon. His fingers fumbled for
it. With a curse he realized it had dis-
appeared almost under his eyes—and
glancing up, he saw an active simian flee-
ing aloft, bearing away the belaying-pin.

  From aft came the laughter of the
crew. The ex-cook in fury brandished
a ham-like hand at the vanishing thief
and cursed Flashpan obscenely, demand-
ing: “D’y’know who I am?”

  Imperturbably the new cook leaned
back, then with a sudden show of
KIOGA OF THE WILDERNESS

25

voice he improvised words: "Swing ho! We’re a-sailin' for treasure!

ferocity jumped forward, flourishing his
cleaver. Startled, Henders retreated to
thfe gangplank, teeter ng as he sought to
balance himself. Then he slipped—from
the arms of Bacchus into those of
Oceanus. The chill sobering waters
closed gently above his head.

  When he rose into view, “I know ye
now,” cried Flashpan. “Wipe the sea-
weed from yer ear! An’ when ye’ve
cooled off a bit, Neptune, ye’ll find yer
truck on yonder dock. And come no
more aboard the Narwhal or I’ll carve
ye into Christmas be if!”

  So, by cunning, and force wisely ex-
pended, Flashpan came into despotic
domination of the Narwhal’s galley. It
was soon apparent that this was all for
the best. Upon their hooks the once
dirty pans hung glistening like mirrors;
fresh paint covered the king-neglected
shelves, from which newly washed cups
swung to the ship’s movement.

  Dan, passing the galley, fell back in
amazement.

  From his pack and from an old.leather
trunk which Flashpan had brought
aboard, a multiplicity of objects had
emerged to decorate that culinary strong-
hold: A brace of pistols hung above the
stove, flanked by a bowie-knife in a long
sheath, and an old Sharps rifle with
ornately carved stock. On a nail several
bullet-molds hung by strings. A pair

of spurs jingled above the door, sur-
mounted by a horseshoe.

  However bizarre his ideas of decora-
tion, Flashpan proved his cook’s skill
at the first meal. Biscuits, brown and
feather-light, appeared in magic quantity
from his oven. Roast fowl, cooked to a
turn, steamed upon the great oaken
cabin table, and the cheering aroma of
coffee, brewed with masterly touch, arose.

  After dinner, in a hoarse but not un-
pleasant voice, Flashpan demonstrated
another side of his character. Accom-
panying himself upon a battered guitar,
produced magically from tljat all-encom-
passing trunk, he sang:

  Oh-h, 1 been cook on a four-wheeled
    schooner,

  A cook on the lone prairie-e-e,

  I’ve cooked and I’ve fried, an’ dang near
    died,

  In many a far countre-e-e,

  But who’d have knowed, that afore it
    snowed,

  I’d be cook on a schooner at sea!

SOME hours later, on the rise of the
tide, the Norwhal moved from her
wharf and soon rode the first long swell
of the high seas. Thus in a vessel hardly
larger than that in which a Genoese dis-
covered a New World four centuries and
more earlier, Munro set sail into the
white sanctity of the Arctic, whose grim
26

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

__r''~ -

 Across the graves of
 those who had died
 that food might go
 farther, appeared the
 vanguard of the cari-
 bou-herds.

 gods have guarded its secrets from the
 beginnings of recorded time.

   With a last salute to land from her
 air-whistle and a blast on her patent
 fog-horn the Narwhal went forth at sun-
 down upon her Odyssey. Her red and
 green side-lights burned brightly. Her
 iron prow clove the waters with a gentle
 hiss. Her new rope creaked and her
 sails bellied out full of the wind that
 snapped the flag being lowered from her
 truck.

  Aft at the wheel Dr. James Munro
 leaned upon its spokes, a different and
 younger-looking man than he had been
 ashore. From somewhere he had pro-
 duced a fringed buckskin coat, ornament-
 ed with colored quillwork, gift of some
 far-away Indian friend. He made a fine
 picturesque figure garbed thus.

   On the rail near the forward cabin-
 house, Beth La Salle gazed into the
 mysterious distance, recollection strong
 within her. An immense full moon hung
 as if suspended from the crosstrees like
 some great brass gong waiting to be
 struck. Under such a moon she had
 last seen the man she loved going out
 into the Arctic night. . . .

   A little later when Dan came on deck,
 and would have spoken, Beth raised a
 hand for silence. From the bow came
 the strains of a guitar. In the shadow of
 the fore-sail, with his pets worshipfully
 mute at shoulder and knee, sat Flashpan,
 beating time with a hobnailed boot while
 in his hoarse voice he improvised words
 to a nameless but swinging melody:

   “Swing ho! Swing ho! We’re a-sailin’
    for treasure,

   We’ll sink our shafts deep in a far new
     countree.

   Sail on! Sail on! There’s go-o-ld without
     mcasicre,

   For men who will dig in the far new
    countree!”

CHAPTER VI

The Hu nger Camp

 NIGHT and day Kioga drove his men
 now, for a visible skin of ice cov-
 ered the river; but at last the thickening
 ice cut through one of the craft. That
 marked the end of river travel. Na-
 ture, hitherto neulral, was now leagued
 against them.

   With deep regret Kioga saw his canoes
 drawn uponMhe bank and hidden in the
 brush. For all thi» toil of the portages,
 the going had been swift where the rivers
 were deep. Henceforward, it would be
 even more toilsome, as they continued
 the northward march on foot. When
 the march was resumed, none was with-
 out a share of the vital load. The order
 of Indian march was maintained as be-
 fore, save that now the dogs drew the
 travois. Thus, for a week, with ice in
 the rivers and the :;now not deep enough
 for sledge travel, they moved very slowly
 —and at a time wiaen haste was vital.

   But the time was not wasted. About
 the camp-fires there was great activity.
 Of branches steamed to shape, and strips
 of moose-hide, they made long snow-
 shoes. Of driftwood, found near the
 river, they made sledge-runners. And
 while Tokala watched with fascinated
 eyes, the Snow Fiawk plaited several
 strips of moose-hide into a tapered lash
 some fifteen feet long. In the firelight
 the resulting whip was a beautiful russet
 brown and it coiled from Kioga’s hand
 like some sinuous snake.

   During ihat night it snowed heavily,
 and in the morning the dogs were har-
 nessed. Upon the sledges were laid the
 belongings of the band, lashed securely
 against the inevitable upsets. Upon
 their feet the Indians fixed the ready-
 made snowshoes.

   Then, with a shout and resounding
 crack of Kioga’s whip, they were off,
 the dog-teams first, hitched in tandem
 for easy passage through the woods along
 the river. Before the dogs went two

i
KIOGA OF THE WILDERNESS

27

strong young men on snowshoes, taking
their turn at breaking trail. Behind the
sledges came the remainder of the band,
scattered along. Well-provided though
they now were in equipment, they must
be alert to kill meat. The dogs would
eat in two weeks all they could haul, and
their back-loads o!r dried meat were
necessarily light.

FOR Tokala, this journey was pure ec-
stasy. Into his healing lungs he drank
the clean free air of the open hills. Be-
hind him he had already put all thought
of the poverty and deadly labor which
had scarred his short life. By night no
more the close quarlers of airless dormi-
tory, but above his head the illimitable
vault of heaven, hung with the blazing
northern stars. And in the north sky
at night the unspeakable beauty of the
aurora, warm green, pale yellow, sheer-
est silver, moved from east to west like
a host of invisible warriors, bearing a
forest of flashing spears.

  Each evening the women put out cun-
ning snares and caught many small fur-
bearers; white foxesi, hares, a few mink
and weasels. Late c>ne afternoon, poised
upon a ridge fifty yards away, a golden-
eyed lynx, gray-waite and beautiful,
watched them pass. From Kioga’s ready
bow leaped a slim swift shaft which
struck the snarling cat through eye and
brain. Of the lynx meat they ate at the
sunset meal, and found it very good. The
richly marked skin was added to that of
some white foxes, and a fine outfit made
for Tokala.

  The sick boy was showing improve-
ment. The puny frame had straightened.
A delicate color came and went now in
the once pallid face. His endurance had
also grown, and whenever duty per-
mitted, he ran beside the mighty Snow-
Hawk. And into tlose eager little ears
Kioga told many a tale of his own excit-
ing boyhood!

  Tales of a lithe brown-skinned boy,
hotly pursued over hill and dale by the
gaunt wolves of Ga-Hu-Ti, forty in a
pack; of hairbreadth escapes from tiger’s
claw and snow-leopard’s fang; of strange
adventure on the foaming rivers of mys-
terious Nato’wa, in the thunder of her
mighty cataracts. Tales that are told
about the lodge-fircs of those distant
Indian tribesmen, ol' coastal Nato’wa.

  He told Tokala of how Mokuyi had
given him a bear-cub, Aki; and of how
Aki had led him among the bears, with
whom he spent years of his early life,

returning to the village possessed of a
woodcraft surpassing the cunning of the
subtlest hunter. He told of how Yanu,
the fierce old she-bear, had spilled her
life-blood defending him against his wild
enemies; of Aki, faithful guardian of his
childhood, upon whose shaggy belly oft
his head was pillowed. Of Mika the sil-
ver-coated, a white-toothed puma raised
from cubhood, with whom he had hunted
in concert, so that no beast in all the
wilderness was safe from their onset;
and of many another fierce pet that
shared his friendship in those days.

  And at sunset of the day he had
killed the lynx, he tossed a surprise into
Tokala’s lap, a half-grown lynx kitten,
one of a litter he had discovered hidden
away somewhere. Indeed, life had be-
come very good for Tokala the Fox!

   Each day, now, the party drew closer
to its first objective, the Arctic Ocean.
And Tokala—who could know little of
the terrific difficulties and dangers of the
journey over ice and stormy waters yet
before them—dreamed eagerly of this
promised land of Nato’wa which Kioga
so vividly described. . . .

  And now gaunt famine dogged their
trail; for the game which had sustained
them disappeared. Only whitefish, caught
on the bone hooks through a hole in the
ice, sustained them. Came a day when
even this source of supply failed.

   They ate bark and tender twigs. From
the rocks they took an occasional bit of
tripe de roche, the wild plant which has
sustained many a starving party in the
north. A dwarf variety of Labrador tea
was found also, from which they brewed
a spirit-lifting draft. But it was not
enough.

GREAT age, combined with near-star-
vation, struck down old Bull-calf in
his ninety-third year. Sits-in-Sun found
him dead, wrapped in his blanket, facing
the southeast. Just as the sun rose, her
cracked and quavering voice rose in the
, mourning-cry. All day the aged crone
wept, bewailing her dead; nor at night-
fall would she be comforted.

  “Three-score and ten summers have I
been his sits-beside-him woman. He loved
to dress my hair. All those early years I
rode at his side, bearing his shield. To-
gether we lived the old life and saw the
buffalo pass. We shared the poverty
given us by white men. We learned of
Nato’wa, land of the Indian. But—ai-i-i,
too late! Bull-calf has gone away. I
will walk no more, but sit beside him as
28

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

 before, so that if a time comes that he
 wakes, he will find me there.”

  “Mother,” protested Kioga, “we do not
wish you to die.”

  “My son,” she answered solemnly, “I
am Sits-in-Sun. I have spoken.”

  The Snow Hawk said no more, but
aided by several of the band he erected
a tall scaffold of new-cut limbs. Upon
this, after singing and eulogizing, they
laid the remains of Bull-calf, swathed in
blanket and with face painted. Beside
him they placed his pipe, his knife, the
quiver and bow with which he had
hunted in his youth. And upon his burial
scaffold they hung his cherished shield.

  Unnoticed by old Sit„-:n-Sun, Kioga
laid a bone needle, a skinnin, -knife and
a few personal things a he- s:de, along
with a piece of dried meat. These were
to accompany her on a journey, longer
than this march had been, for he knew
she would never rise again.

  The band then quietly withdrew, leav-
ing Sits-in-Sun chanting the old death-
songs of her tribe. As they turned a bend
in the river and looked back, she still
knelt immobile. A fold of the dead
chief’s blanket flapped in the sad wind.
Sits-in-Sun did not move. The shield
swung gently, flashing in the sunlight.

  The following days diminished the
weakening party by several of its num-
ber. Crow Man, sixty-nine, passed to his
ancestors, and Three Scalps, who could
not bear to see him go alone, followed a
little later. She-Ts-Swift gave up the
ghost one night at dusk. . . .

  Faced with the task of providing meat
for all these famished mouths in a land
named for its scarcity, Kioga’s eye often
fell upon the dogs. But if he slew them,
he knew, they must leave behind much
that was valuable. So long as strength
held out, he determined to avoid loss of
a single dog.

ONE night camp was pitched in a copse
of dwarfed trees. Scooping away
the snow with snowshoes, the men cleared
a circle and helped the women raise a
wigwam of branches chinked with snow.

  Speech came seldom, and gloomily
then. Those who could, sat erect, warm-
ing themselves at their tiny fire—a
precious core of heat, since it constituted
all they had been able to find of dry
wood. The Barren Ground is well
named.

  They looked at one another, at the dis-
cernible sag of the cheeks, the emacia-
tion which drew the transparent skin

tight from cheek-bone to cheek-bone.
Their skulls seemed barely covered. Their
hair hung down like black snakes, and
they appeared so wild and terrible, that
they no longer looked at one another.

  The dogs, as if possessed of second
sight, evaded the men, huddled together
outside the tent in a hollow and moved
w.aith-iike about, howling, fixing the
camp with their gleaming eyes. They
too were waiting the end. They too were
hungry.

  Then to Kioga came Wounded Knee,
who gazed long into the fire, ere speak-
ing in these words:

  “My eyes are dim, Kioga. But I see
straight. And this is what I see: We
old folk hold you back.” Kioga made as
if to interrupt, but the old man checked
him with hand upheld. “Hear me, my
son. We have talked, we old ones. We
have counseled together. And this we
say: Leave us behind. Go on alone,
else our children will never see this land
of Nato’wa. We wish our children to
live, that they may reach this land of
happy hunting.”

NOW HAWK thought a time in
silence, before answering:

  “Elder brothers, hear my words: We
younger ones have good ears. But we
cannot hear what you have just said. We
hunger. But we are men—and men of
our people know how to starve. If we
find no meat tomorrow, we will find it
the next day. I say again, we have good
ears; but we cannot hear the words you
have just spoken.”

  Kioga turned to the younger men, as
if to seek confirmation of those for whom
he spoke. A deep “Haul Haul” an-
swered him.

  Wounded Knee said no more, but re-
turned to the circle of councilors, who
numbered four, the last of the very old
people.

  A little later Kioga drew his blanket
about his eyes to sesk an hour’s sleep.
With a start he awoke, and it seemed
that he had slept but a moment. He
glanced over toward where the old coun-
cilors had sat, then came erect. He saw
they were not lying with feet to the blaze
as customarily.

  The four chiefs were missing. Rising,
he went to the entrance of the lodge,
which flapped, and pushed aside the skin.
White glittering granules of snow sifted
in, and his breath was like steam in the
bitter cold. Outside, all was black, the
snow hissing down venomously.
KIOGA OF THE WILDERNESS

29

  He felt something fluttering against
his face, and reached forward to seize
an upright stick. Taking it inside, he
found it to be the leathered cow/>-stick
of Wounded Knee.

  Waking his hunters, Kioga told them:
“The councilors have gone out alone.”
Then he rushed out, ten braves at his
heels. The snow stung like shot, bind-
ing them. There was no way to follow
a trail. So said the' braves, but Kioga
did not hear. He was already far out on
the unseen trail; for to his ears had come
a sound, faint but familiar, which he fol-
lowed.

  It was a death-song, rising monoto-
nously on the whistling wind, and fading.
A little way he went, then checked. The
chant came from an opposite direction,
toward which he tur ned—only to hear it
from a third point. Then from yet a
fourth came that deep chanting, fainter
now, bewildering, coming from every
direction.

  Kioga paused, shouted the names of
the councilors. The: driven snow stung
his palate. He called no more, for now
he understood. Turning back, he sought
a scent of smoke, found it, and on its
thread returned to the camp. Inside lay
the hunters, hardly able to move after
their few exertions. And from without
came only the moan of wind, the slash
of snow. If the Snow Hawk went out
again, and were lost—all these within the
lodge were as dead, lor none but he could
now move about. And so he sat gazing
at the door through which the four old
men had passed.

THE storm abated. Morning dawned
clear, brilliant, sharply cold. A little
rested, the braves accompanied Kioga
slowly out. They found the old coun-
cilors—at widely separated points, frozen
stiff and buried in snow. They found
them easily, by the markers over their
icy graves. Above eacl^ man—except
Wounded Knee—flattering bright red
and yellow and blue in the reddish morn-
ing sunrise, was an upright cott/>-stick.
Wounded Knee was never found. He
had left his coup-stick before the lodge
where Kioga found t the previous night.

  Wise councilors, cunning councilors!
Knowing they would be followed, they
had separated, singing their death-chants
as they went, the better to discourage
pursuit. Weary at last, one by one and
alone, they had dug deep their cow/>-sticks
and squatted down, never to rise. They
had sacrificed themselves for their people,

that these might carry on unhampered.
Wounded Knee, Bels-His-Shirt, Chases-
the-Cow, Iron Horse: four brave, old,
great-hearted men, tottering into Eter-
nity in the best tradition of their race!

  All that day in the hunger-lodge the
pleading drum of Moon’s Son, young
medicine-man and self-appointed vision-
ary of the band, beat with growing weak-
ness. Stupor had claimed some of the
lodge’s occupants. The teelli of Tokala
chattered with cold and weakness. The
shadow of death lay across that lone
lodge of starvation, waiting to creep in
when the diminished firewood should at
last be exhausted.

            \

AND that afternoon as if in answer
. to the singing of Moon’s Son, and
across the graves of those who had died
that food might go farther, appeared
the vanguard of the migrating caribou-
herds. First a small band, loping slowly
along, then scattered groups, later small
herds, then larger, until at last, as far as
the eye could reach they came, the clat-
tering of their antlers creating a roar
that could be heard for miles.

  With the coming of caribou the cruel
gods of the North must have smiled, for
of all who heard the animals pass, only
Kioga had strength even to come forth
and look at them, then throw wide the
lodge-flap that others might see and per-
chance take strength from the sight. And
it was a cruel game starvation played
with those who watched the Snow Hawk.

  With dragging feet he pursued the
active animals, saw them coming on
every side, smelled the mellow scent of
their endless numbers and heard the
clack of antler and hoof on the hard
snow. Never hitherto had he taken ac-
count of his strength. Always, like the
flow of a mighty cataract it had been
there, in boundless tide when needed. No
man had ever successfully challenged it;
and no beast in far Nato’wa was his
equal, when to strength he added his
cunning.

  But now Kioga knew his weakness. He
who once could have run a caribou down
in fair chase now crept upon the herds
in vain. Those who watched lost heart.

  Kioga had fallen, and now lay quiet.

 Then of a sudden Tokala shouted
weakly. Moon’s Son’s drum picked up
its faltering beat, which rose to a swift
tattoo, at what the medicine-man saw.

  Forth from the Snow Hawk’s prone po-
sition went his bony hand. A caribou
bull, wounded in battle with a fellow bull,
30

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

had stood bleeding on this spot. Kioga
was crushing the frozen nourishment in
his teeth. Little by little some of his
strength returned. At length he slowly
took up his bow and nocked an ar-
row. He drew the cord. He held his
point upon the nearest bull. The string
twanged, loud and vibrant. The bull
leaped high, breaking its neck in its fall,
and lay dead, pierced through the heart.

  Again and again the bended bow, the
musical note of plucked cord, the jar of
the recoiling arc, as the feathered reeds
whipped forth, dropping each a running
caribou, until the hunter’s quiver lay
empty at his hand. But twenty fat ani-
mals lay dead in the snow.

  Soon the lodge was filled with the
aroma of simmering roast ribs and tender
brisket; plump tongues were hung to
smoke; heads were roasted whole and the
fatty nose-gristle eaten first.

  It was a great feast. The bones were
full of rich marrow, and there was so
much meat that already the dogs were
gorged to repletion, and struggling to de-
vour yet more. When they felt able, the
hunters went forth now and shot down
caribou as long as their arrows held out,
then pulled them free of the dead ani-
mals and shot again.

  So from starvation to luxurious living
Kioga’s band went in one day.

  And over the old councilors the
feathers fluttered. . . .

  Now the sun rose above the southern
horizon upon a happy camp. The brown
caribou-skin lodges hugged the snow
under blue plumes of smoke that rose
vertically and feathered away southward.
The dogs tussled and wrestled and lolled
about, tongues hanging contentedly.

  Treachery, self-sacrifice, famine and
surfeit and death had visited the camp
many times. But returning to the tents
next night, Kioga heard a thin wail.
Entering, he learned that Grass Girl,
wife of the delighted young Moon’s Son,
had gone out to bring in meat and been
absent overlong. Uneasiness gripped tfie
women until she was; seen returning slow-
ly with a back-load of meat, steadied
with one hand, while in the other she
tenderly bore her f rst-born—a healthy,
screaming boy-child. With the easy ac-
couchement of the native mother, she
had been delivered of her child beside a
caribou carcass. Life was balancing the
scale.

  The little newcomer was given its
secret name. What that name was I
cannot tell, for the baby-name is never
spoken, lest evil spirits annoy the child.
But to the warriors Grass Girl’s son was
thenceforward known as Plenty Meat.

CHAPTER VII

The Frozen Desert

THE caribou horde had come and
passed south. But the sledges were
loaded with dried meat, and the dogs so
glutted they scarce could walk. Prepara-
tions were being made for a quick de-
parture with early morning. In his tent
Kioga was whetting his arrows sharp
and affixing a wrisc-strap to the whip
when a sudden violent clamor from the
dogs sent him bounding forth, whip in
hand, pausing not even to don his cari-
bou-skin coat.
KIOGA OF THE WILDERNESS

31

  The melee raged fiercely a hundred
feet from the tents, in full view under
the silver flood of the moon’s light. The
unlucky dogs contended with foes more
dread than one another. Two white
wolves, doubtless having scented fresh
meat, fought silently among them. Gaunt
from long running, trained to leather
hardness by their pursuit of the vanished
caribou, their onset was in marked con-
trast to the resistaice by the sluggish
dogs, gorged with meat and further
hampered by the dangling traces.

  One of the dogs a ready lay twitching,
mangled and torn, and as the Snow
Hawk bore down upon them, the male
wolf of the pair, with three snaps, ripped
open another dog in an irtStant.

  Rushing from their tents, the Indians
now learned the true function of that
long lash which the Snow Hawk carried.
It was as much a weapon as a bow. Even
as they watched, forth sang the unerring
plaited thong, quick as a cobra’s strike,
and as deadly almost, to draw blood and
leave a deep gash wherever it touched a
wolf. The dogs, with courage renewed
by the presence of an ally, attacked more
boldly’, and to better effect. The wolves,
their fighting edge dulled by the scourg-
ing of the lash, suddenly turned tail and

were away, dogs in pursuit. But the
heavy dogs were no match for the speed
of their wild brothers, and soon returned
to camp, to lie about licking their wounds,
of which one died during the night.

  The party proceeded next morning at
somewhat reduced pace, owing to the
loss of two dogs. Well on their way, one
of the wolves was found dead, frozen
stiff on the plain. The body was cut up,
thawed out, and fed to the dogs.

IT was only a few miles to the Arctic
Ocean now. Fed and clothed, the
band moved steadily on, several of the
men aiding the teams, especially that
which drew the sledge heavily loaded
with depouillc—the pure back-fat of the
caribou.

  They came, that night, to an aban-
doned Eskimo camp, where they slept,
and on the morrow changed their course,
running on smooth shore ice now. Hith-
erto they had run the dogs in tandem,
but now they changed to the fan for-
mation, and with the dogs thus hitched
abreast made better time. Several days
found them in the area near which Kioga
had first encountered the scientist Dr.
James Munro after his abandqnment on
the ice.
32

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

  The Snow Hawk was mindful now of
how his hazardous journey to the main-
land had been interrupted a year earlier
when a white bear, marauding by nature,
and hungry besides, had destroyed his
camp. Accordingly he cautioned his
hunters concerning the risks attendant
on ice-travel, with emphasis on the huge
white wanderers which have clawed and
despoiled their way into the diaries of
every Northern expedition. From this
time on an alternate sentry guarded the
camp at all hours.

  The sentry it was who entered the
snow-house that night with word that a
sledging part}' had halted a mile distant,
whether with hostile or friendly intent
he could not determine. Seated before
the oil-lamps with Tokala, Kioga drew on
his furs and emerged—to see a band of
Eskimo at some distance, pointing to the
camp and evidently at disagreement
among themselves on some point.

  Gesturing, Kioga observed that his
greeting was returned by one of the
strangers, who pointedly threw aside his
weapons, and holding aloft both hands,
advanced halfway toward the camp. Act-
ing in like manner, Kioga came to with-
in a hundred paces of the man in the
semi-darkness. The Eskimo shouted
something in an unknown tongue. Hav-
ing no other alternative, Kioga called
back a greeting in English. Little ex-
pecting to hear an intelligible answer, he,
started when English syllables, far from
perfect, but plain enough, fell from the
lips of the Eskimo.

  “We Eskimo. Kamotok, me. Look
for seal; no find him yet.”

  At utterance of that name the Snow
Hawk strained his eyes across the ice,
then hurried forward. The Eskimo, sus-
pecting treachery, turned to move away,
when the Snow Hawk checked him with
a question.

  “Where is Lualuk, of the one hand,
Kamotok ?”

  In surprise, the Eskimo wheeled.
  “Who are you who know Lualuk?”

  “I am Kioga, friend of Dok-Ta-Mun,”
Answered the Snow Hawk, using the
name by which Dr. Munro had been
known to his Eskimo dog-drivers.

KAMOTOK’S subsequent actions, un-
der constant watchful observation
by the curious members of Kioga’s band,
startled the Indians. He shouted aloud
in his excitement, threw back a few
words to his friends at the sledge; they
instantly hurried yelling across the ice

in the wake of their leader, who was
rushing upon Kioga.

  The Indians snatched up their weapons
and ran to meet the Eskimo, ready to
meet force with force. But when they
arrived on the scene, to their amazement
they found Kioga the center of an en-
thusiastic mob. Kamotok was pumping
his hand and plying him with a hundred
eager questions, with the Snow Hawk
laughing at their enthusiasm and answer-
ing as fast a« he was able, while one-
handed Lualuk anxiously awaited an op-
portunity to speak.

HAVING made his Indians known to
Kamotok’s people, and allayed
somewhat the Eskimo distrust of Indians
—their' hereditary foes—Kioga next in-
vited the Eskimo to their lodges, where
all partook heartily of the prized back-
fat of the caribou.

  Influenced by this; good cheer and the
friendship of their leaders, round-faced
Eskimos and lean-jawed red men were
soon at ease in each others’ strange so-
ciety. From Kamotok—whose long as-
sistance to the American scientist had
given him his working knowledge of
English—the Indians learned why Kioga
was so highly esteemed in this remote
corner at the top of the earth. Lualuk
held forth ihe stump of his hand and
jabbered something at Kamotok, who
turned to the migrant band.

  “He say, tell you Kioga kill Club-
foot.”

  “Who was Club-foot?” piped up To-
kala the Fox, who had drunk all this in,
in silence. The Eskimo grinned down at
the boy. “White bear, ver-ry big. Bite
off Lualuk’s hand. Kioga kill with
knife. See!” He showed the boy a
strip of bear-skin sewn into his right
glove. “I take this from that big Club-
foot. I am lucky £.11 time—kill plenty
seal now. Nanuk—him ver-ry strong.
Not so strong as Kioga!”

  Thus, from the lipis of an Eskimo, the
band learned a little more of the strange
career of their friend and leader the
Snow Hawk.

  Thereafter Kioga talked long and
earnestly with Kamo ok, of ice-conditions
north and west, anc of the possibilities
for seal- and walrus-hunting. He learned
much; but of the area which most con-
cerned him Kamotok could tell him
nothing, for there were lines beyond
which the Eskimo never went, and of
any large land north of the Siberian
coast the man was completely ignorant.
KIOGA OF THE WILDERNESS

33

  But the information Kioga received
concerning the Eskimo method of hide
boat-making was invaluable, and the
gifts from the generous Eskimo band
almost as much so. Among these were a
few lamps for burring seal-oil, to light
and warm their igloos on the way; two
ice-axes; several fine sealing-harpoons,
one with a steel heac ; and several lengths
of seal-hide rope. Out of his great good
will Kamotok would have included his
prized rifle, but this the Snow Hawk
would not accept. Thus far their primi-
tive weapons had kept them in meat. De-
prived of his gun Kamotok might perish,
and many of his people with him.

  In return for these gifts Kioga emptied
his pockets of their coins, a small in-
itialed pen-knife, a gold watch and
sundry other little articles. These he
deposited before the glistening eyes of
Kamotok.

  “For you and your people, in return,”
he said. “And now, we have one other
need. For five good strong dogs, we will
give as much caribou fat as your men
here can bear away on their backs.”
Kamotok turned to one of his hunters,
and spoke a few words. The man’s face
w,as wreathed in a great smile as he
agreed eagerly. Turning back to Kioga,
Kamotok said simply: “It is done.”
Both sides were well pleased with the
arrangement. With fresh dogs, the In-
dian band could make up for those lost.
The Eskimo, to whom nothing is so nec-
essary as animal fat, were delighted.

THE following rrorning the Eskimo
saw the departure of Snow Hawk and
his strange band, and looked with wonder
after him who spoke of a land of w'hich
they knew nothing.

  Once again possessed of fast strong
dogs and well-equipped for their forth-
coming battle with the ice, Kioga and his
party drove their animals onward. They
spent the night in comfort beside their
seal-oil lamps in the shelfEr of a snow-
hut lined with caribou-skin, and built
like the Eskimo dwellings they had left.

  Only by adopting the ways of people
who made the ice their home could they
hope to survive where so many others,
better equipped and prepared, had per-
ished. Accordingly their dress was now
adapted to conditions on the ice. All
but the most necessary sledging equip-
ment was discarded, until in the end
they retained but the Eskimo minimum:
meat, fur bags to sleep in, and the
weapons and clothing on their backs.

  Within their well-made igloo of snow-
blocks, men and women and dogs alike
slept together to take advantage of the
common warmth. Again they were en-
tirely dependent on their hunting weap-
ons for meat, for of provisions they
could carry at most but two weeks’ sup-
ply. Where the ice was broken up by
wind or pressure they took an occasional
seal with the harpoon. Kioga taught
the Indians how to be constantly alert
for seal-holes in solid ice—those under-
ice chambers, gnawed from below,
through which the seal breathes. Thus
they had an occasional if precarious
source of fresh meat. Nothing was
wasted, nothing thrown away. The seal-
skins became part of their garments,
The bones were ground with blood and
made into thick, nourishing soup; the
least palatable parts were fed to the
dogs. And the seal-oil kept their lamps
alight. Thus they existed on the frozen
desert, beneath which in frigid water,
lie the bones of many whose expeditions
were far better found than this wild no-
mads’ camp.

  One morning the band had harnessed
the dogs, preparing to hitch them to
the sledges, when with an excited clamor
the animals suddenly took off at a furious
pace. Struggling vainly to hold them
back, Tokala was dragged along behind,
sprawled on his little fur-clad belly and
gripping the trace, twisted round his
wrists.

  Almost as soon as the dogs, the trained
nostrils of the Snow Hawk drank in the
scent.

  “Bear!” he cried over one shoulder as
he picked up an ice-ax from the sledge
and bounded after the dogs. “Bring
harpoons and bows! ”

  Hard on the heels of the huskies
pressed the Snow Hawk, overhauling
them at last amid a jagged mass of
rough ice, at the center of which, in a
depression surrounded by gleaming pin-
nacles, stood an ice-bear of the breed
known as Nanuk, the tiger of the Arctic.

ITS short heavy ears were screwed
back. Saliva dripped from the yellow
bared incisors and froze instantly like
spun glass. The close-set little eyes
blazed diabolically in the triangular
head, which almost touched the ice, ef-
fectively cftvering the long cream-yellow
throat. Beneath the long high quarters
the bulging muscles rolled as Nanuk
swayed upon the rigid pillars of his
broad and shaggy limbs.
With Kioga pursuing, the
walrus flung themselves
on the floe, where the In-
dian hunters lay in wait.

  Before him, with eviscerated belly
yawning to the sky, lay the dog who
had ventured too boldly; and straining
away with terrified yelps were two
others, still in the traces which bound
them to their unlucky fellow, from
whose carcass the bear’s immense red-
stained paw pressed the dark blood.

  His gaze already darting about seek-
ing Tokala, Kioga had advanced to where
the dogs ringed the bear at a respectful
distance. And then the Snow Hawk, to
whom fear was unknown, felt his blood
rim cold:

  Prone before the bear, within range of
the curving claws of that massive hairy
forepaw, lay Tokala the Fox.

  For an instant Kioga thought him
dead, then realized that the boy’s eyes,
wide and staring, were fixed in dread
fascination upon the bear. He called a
quick low warning: “Tokala—lie still
and as if dead. Do not answer me. But
when the arrow strikes in and the bear
turns—jump and run!”

  An iron-headed shaft already strained
against Kioga’s cord. Came a twang as
the bow hurled its bolt. The bear grunted
a muffled roar and snapped back at the
wooden agony skewering his loin. An-
other arrow sank into its side, and at
point-blank range Kioga pumped yet two
more deep in to the feathers.

  Tokala had now risen on hands and
knees. For the first time Kioga realized
why he could not jump and run as in-
structed. His foot was caught and
twisted up in the dead dog’s trace. As

the bear wheeled in a circle, snapping
and tearing at the arrows, the boy’s
movement caught his. eye. Pausing only
to smash an attacking dog into a pulp,
the bear rushed upon Tokala.

  Simultaneously Kioga resorted to the
sole remaining means of saving Tokala—
his long sharp knife. In two bounds
from behind he was fastened to the bear’s
shaggy shoulders. The plunge, plunge,
of his dripping blade checked the beast
in mid-charge, just as the first of the
Indians topped the nearest ice pinnacle.

  Shaking itself within its loose thick
skin, the dying anirnal reared and fell
back, seeking to crush its assailant. But
as it fell, Kioga writhed from under and
laid hold of the forgotten ice-ax. One
mighty chop upon the skull, quick as the
fall of a meteorite, and the bear sank
down, prey to the frenzied worrying of
the dogs already swarming over the life-
less foe.

  Shouting and gesticulating, the Indians
scrambled excitedly down into the little
amphitheater of ice and surrounded the
Snow Hawk, who knelt beside Tokala,
feeling the boy’s ankle.

  As soon as the women came up, the
clicking knives were busy again, separat-
ing the bear from its heavy skin. One
of the warriors plunged deep his knife,
and reaching in, drew forth the bear’s
KIOGA OF THE WILDERNESS

35

and made them leap across, or in the case
of those which balked, threw them over
bodily, whereafter the sledges were
hauled across. But hummocky ice gave
them exhausting work smashing a way
through with their ice-axes. Men as well
as dogs, here strained against the sledge-
traces; and where the ice towered about
them on every side, shutting them in,
they traveled by dead reckoning or by
watching the stars.

  Even worse peril than ice itself was
its lack. One night clouds shut out the
stars and a milder wind blew, softening
the surface. Where the sledges had
slipped along easily before, they now
sank deep and the dogs likewise floun-
dered up to their bellies in soft slush.
Some of the meat was transferred to
back-packs but much more had to be
abandoned. During that night, while
taking a rest enforced by sheer weariness,
the dogs became restless and whined un-
easily, awakening Kioga.

  He was soon conscious of movement of
the ice underfoot, and of an occasional
ominous crunching which passed near by
and moved into the distance. Wind and
unseasonable warmth were combining to
break up the ice on which they moved—
the field on which they had slept was in
perceptible motion, and it was no time
for sleep.

  “Throw the meat from the sledges,”
was the first order Kioga gave. “We

heart, of which he ate a small piece and
handed it around, among the others.
Thus, by the logic cf the Indian hunter,
they partook of the animal’s courage.
The long claws were cut off and later
strung on rawhide, which in turn was
sewn upon Kioga’s parka.

  Again the dogs were well fed, this time
upon bear-haunch; while the Indians
regaled themselves upon the thick bear-
liver cooked in a seal-oil flame.

  The Snow Hawk, as he ate, thought
back a few short months to a time when
he had walked in the busy marts of
civilization. And he who had eaten ten-
course dinners, drunk from priceless
crystal and wiped his lips on snowy
napery, now bit off another piece of bear-
liver; and when he had finished, he
licked his fingers anc quenehed his thirst
with melted Arctic ice. He had but one
regret concerning the material things he
had put behind: and that was for the
tingling shower of a modern bathroom.
Neither he nor his companions had
bathed for many weeks.

LEVEL ice, once attained, offered no
j obstacles to the rapid passage of the
Indian band, now hardened by exposure
and strengthened by an abundance of
meat. When an occas onal fissure yawned
before them, they unhitched the dogs
36

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

come soon to open water, where there
will be meat in plenty.” In view of the
unexpected break-up of the ice, he knew
now that they were not many miles from
the warm currents which temper the
climate of Nato’wa.

  With the sledges lightened, they pushed
on anew. Everywhere fissures now ap-
peared, with open water between. Where
these were very wide, they moved along
the edge until they found a cake or pan
of ice sufficiently large to bear their
weight—then ferried across the watery
lanes. It was unmitigated toil now, but
none complained.

AT the edge of an open lane, Kioga
. finally called a halt to allow the
stragglers to come up. And now the wind
changed again, frost set in, and two
inches of ice—enough to lock in the float-
ing pans, but not enough for safe sledge-
travel—formed on the surface. Their
situation was critical. The wind was
bitterly cold. There was nothing left of
which to make a fire. They hungered
terribly from the toil of this endless
march; and the meat was all gone.

  But in the North those who turn back
are almost always lost. Push on they
must, trusting to Kioga’s judgment that
they must soon come to the open water
—and seals. Kioga ordered the dogs har-
nessed again and turned to his drivers.

  “You, Buffalo Child, drive three hun-
dred paces to the south. You, Crow
Man, as many toward the north. I, with
my team, will take the middle course.
The women and aged will go first, scat-
tered, that we may see them safe.” Turn-
ing to these: “Move swiftly and do not
once stop. If mishap befall one, let all
the others continue on their way. For
if one fall through the ice, surely two
would break it in the more easily. If it
be the will of the Great Ones, we shall
pass; if not— Give me your hands, each
one. We have come far together.”

  Quietly all shook hands. Then, one
by one, well separated, the women and
the old man moved fan-wise out across
the thin field. When they were well
past halfway over, the teams drew apart,
and to the crack of the whips and the
shouts of the drivers the sledges started
cautiously over the ice. Thus, for per-
haps half the distance to solid footing—
when of a sudden the dreaded cry echoed
from mouth to mouth:

  “Run! Run ! The ice breaks up! ”

  Obedient to orders, those in the front
hurried on as fast as their limbs would

carry them. Old Four Braids, unsteady
at best, went through to the knees, but
dragged himself flat along the ice, rose
and continued on. Under the sledges
the thin ice was quaking and sagging.
Wild with fear, the dogs galloped with
the lashes hissing over their heads, and
the “Hai! Hail—Hail Hail” of the
drivers beating into :heir ears. On Crow
Man’s team one dog slipped and was
dragged a hundred yards before he could
attain his feat. Buffalo Child, feeling
the ice going beneath him, ran safely
away to one side, diseasing the weight
in the area of his sledge, which slid
swiftly on, passing into a zone of com-
parative safety.

  Kioga alone, with his lesser team of
but four dogs, where the others numbered
five, seemed in difficulty. To the Indians
who could pause and watch, the flat
sameness of the ice appeared to be sink-
ing in a long concavi ty where the weight
of the sledge, man and dogs bore upon
the thin skin blanketing the sea. They
could hear the pistol-shot reports of his
moose-hide lash, and his low appeals to
the dogs, straining every sinew to obey.
They saw him, without pausing, dash
piece after piece of its load from the
sledge, until it was quite empty save fo’r
Tokala, who rode white-faced, clutching
his lynx-kitten to his breast.

  With horror they saw disaster creep-
ing upon the fast-moving sledge. Just
behind the Snow Hawk in the wake of
the sledge the ice was cracking in his
footsteps. Once he went in with one
leg, but seizing the sledge drew himself
along behind it so that his pounding
feet might not strain the ice again. Then
behind the sledge itself, like a scratch
which follows the diamond drawn across
glass, there appeared a continuous break
in the ice.

KIOGA bent, grasped Tokala by the
wrist, swung him back, and with a
mighty toss flung him skimming along
the ice, still clutching his lynx-kitten,
into the arms of waiting Indians.

  But under the pressure of his exertion
the sledge grated harshly and went under
astern. Checked, the dogs piled up, fell
in a tangle. Sea-water welled up from
every break in the sagging skin-ice.
Kioga slashed at the traces with his
sharp knife to separate dogs from sledge.
And then, with a great splash, it hap-
pened.

  The sledge sank like a stone, dragging
man and entangled struggling dogs into
KIOGA OF THE WILDERNESS	37

the hole which had claimed it. The
yapping of the animals was quenched in
sea-water. Silence reigned over the
tragedy spot. Only the squeaking of
the small-ice about the hole marked the
sinking of man and team.

  Came the wail of a heartbroken boy,
shrill and distinct 011 the frosty air, as
Tokala the Fox shouted again and again
the name of Kioga, his idol.

  A moment suspense and the realization
of dread tragedy held every soul in thrall.
Then of a sudden Tokala glimpsed what
the rest overlooked, and his shout of
discovery broke the spell.

  Ranging across the ice was a limp wet
length of leathern whip-thong, one end
lapped twice about an icy pinnacle where
it was swiftly freezing. Even as they
watched, the lash snapped taut. Out of
the steely sea appeared a wet and soggy
mitten, followed by the streaming face
and head of the Snow Hawk.

IN an instant the Indians had grasped
the lash and were straining to draw
him upon solid ice. This was no simple
feat, for he had hold of the dogs’ trace.
But many hands accomplished the seem-
ingly impossible. When Kioga attained
his feet, he in turn dragged three half-
drowned, coughing dogs to safety.

  The sledge, however, had gone to the
bottom and taken one dog with it. There-
after it was not an ej.sy task to dry out
Kioga’s sea-soaked clothing in the heat
of their tiny oil-flame; but after a delay
of several hours it was done. Preparing
to start anew, the Sr.ow Hawk was at-
tracted by the howling of the dogs he
had saved. They had dropped to their
bellies to rest and v'ere frozen to the
ice beyond all possibility of self-liber-
ation. Ensued another delay while the
band chopped them carefully free, tended
and bound up their sore feet and removed
some of the ice from their coats. Finally
they were moving ag£.in. . . .

  Ahead was sound solid* ice, across
which they presently marched, well light-
ed on their way. The Dance of the Spirits
—the aurora—was throwing its flickering
witchery over the floes, tinging cold ice
with hues of warm copper and greenish-
blue. In the southeast the slow dawn
was heralded by a deep red glare; and
with the passing of hours the sun slowly
rose, like a spinning metal disk emerging
from intolerable flame. With its rise the
ice became a wonder-world ablaze with
vari-colored fires, the frosty floes gleam-
ing like sheets of gold, resplendent with

a gem-work of blazing rubies, amethysts
and emeralds. Before the spectacle the
band fell silent.

  But the glory soon passed, curtained in
full glow by ever more frequent waves
of mist, dark, leaden-hued, thick almost
as smoke from a prairie-fire. Through
this the band moved with all caution for
several days until they came again to
open water. Here they camped to take
inventory of their resources.

  Though they had three bows, an ice-
ax, one harpoon and a length of line be-
tween them, all else including arrows,
tomahawks and most of the meat had
been thrown aside in their flight across
young ice. Their little meat was soon
gone; to return was impossible. The only
alternative was to seek a pan of ice large
enough to bear their combined weight
and chance all on ferrying across the
watery lead. Upon this plan, as set forth
by Kioga, the band agreed unanimously.

  Soon the mists rose a little, permitting
them a glimpse of the sea. At what he
saw, Kioga’s heart gave a mighty leap.

  Seals sported in the ground-swell near
by. From afar came the reverberant
roaring of a sea-lion herd swimming rap-
idly northward. A hundred yards away
a whale showed its fluke, sank, leaped
suddenly clear of the sea and fell back
resoundingly, creating a wave that
washed up on their floe. By this evi-
dences the Snow Hawk confirmed his
earlier conclusion that they were on the
edge of that great warm Arctic current
which, so far as is now known, surrounds
the land of Nato’wa. Far across it, below
the horizon he knew, were the barrier-
reefs which gird that impregnable land
with a labyrinth of rocky treachery.

  To a modern naturalist, the very pres-
ence of sea-lions would have seemed
anomalous, thus far north of their an-
cient harems on the Pribilof Islands. But
an all-wise all-provident Creator alone
may set the hour of a species’ extinction.
Nature decreed that the sea-lion, and his
fellow-unfortunate, the almost vanished
sea-otter, should forsake their age-old
southward migration to find haven from
Man the Destroyer, and a breeding-place
in the warm currents about Nato’wa.

MORNING came after a night of rest,
and they were preparing to carry
out their plan to ferry across the open
water, when Tokala the Fox ran into
camp with startling tidings.

  “We are already drifting,” he panted.
“The main ice is far back 1 ”
38

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

  It was true. Their floe had become
detached from the solid field, barely
visible in the distance southeast. Their
course therefore was north and west,
with which they found no fault. That
night, however, their floe divided itself,
like some gigantic amceba, into several
lesser floes; and shortly thereafter a
dangerous situation disclosed itself to the
band. It was Grass Girl, the mother of
Plenty Meat, who voiced it thus:

  “The ice is cold. The water is warmer.
Our camp is melting out from under us.
Beat your medicine-drum, O my hus-
band, that the ears of the Great Ones
may know we pray to them. For if we
come not soon to land, we will leave our
bones in the ocean.”

  Moon’s Son obeyed, thumping his
medicine-drum all night, and in the morn-
ing its sound was still to be heard across
the steel-blue waters. Kioga heard it as
he surveyed the newest inroads of the
sea upon their floe. About its edges
spongy ice fell away at a thrust of his
harpoon, and at central points the floe
was badly honeycombed. They dwelt
today upon a little world of ice which
was disintegrating under them.

  Perhaps the Great Ones above did
hear; or perhaps a pack of three great
killer-whales was to blame for a small
herd of sea-lions taking temporary refuge
on the far end of the floe. Kioga stole
upon these, their barking and roaring
a thrilling medley in his ears.

WITHIN throwing distance he rose.
Swiftly he hurled the harpoon
with deadly force, straight through the
nearest bull’s heart. Five cows struck
the waters simultaneously and escaped.
But a young bull, startled by its com-
panion’s downfall, bolted back from the
bleeding animal, and by a stroke of good
fortune Kioga was enabled to cut it off,
pounce upon and dispatch it cleanly and
quickly w'ith a few knife-thrusts.

  A shout to the band brought everyone
running. The kills were dragged to camp
and the skins separated from the meat.
With the thick flipper-skin the women re-
newed the worn boot-soles of the band,
sewing it on with sea-lion sinews. The
heavy slabs of fat replenished their sup-
ply of fuel-oil for the lamps; and the
hungry dogs fought over great chunks of
meat tossed to them from the ample sup-
ply now available.

  But with the ice-ax Kioga was breaking
up the sledges carefully and measuring
the skins with his eye.

CHAPTER VIII

Nato’wa! Nato’wa!

ALL day the Snow Hawk worked with
. ax and knife, cunningly joining to-
gether pieces of sledge-wood, bound with
seal-skin strips and shaped into ribs for a
canoe. These he afixed to a longer keel-
piece and before the eyes of the Indians
a kayak took form Over the frame he
drew the raw sea-lion skins, pulling them
taut as a drumhead about the curved
ribbing.

  Meanwhile the women worked upon
the intestines of the sea-lions, slitting,
flattening and suppling them. Of these
strips sewn togethei he fashioned a crude
decking for the makeshift kayak. With
more care a finer craft would have re-
sulted. But haste was vital, a fact
pointedly indicated by the constant
breaking away of sections from their
floe. Kioga knew, of course, that all
could not seek safety in this little craft.
If it served him in driving sea-animals
within reach of the band’s weapons, it
would have done a!l he expected of it.

  Having completed his work he made a
brief tour of the little island of ice which
was their home. Convinced that it would
hang together for several days more, he
then lay down for a few hours of well-
earned rest, and refreshed, rose at dawn
with the others, prepared for an arduous
day, filled with excitement and peril.

  The kayak, which he had left afloat
the night before, having leaked not one
drop, presented an interior dry as a chip.
A paddle was madi of sledge-wood. Up-
on the covered deck he laid the harpoon
and turned to his Indians. They awaited
his words at the edge of the floe, the
only ice visible new on all the flat ex-
panse of sea.

  “Hear me, warriors,” said the Snow
Hawk. “Yonder a band of Awuk’s people
swim. If we had tine to wait, they would
soon come to lie upon our ice. But there
is not time. I go, then, to invite them
here. See that you make them welcome
with your sharp spears. Awuk and his
folk are stupid. Avoid the cows if with
young. Creep slew and silent among
the great bulls farthest from the water.
Kill swiftly with well-aimed strokes, that
many may die before the rest become
alarmed. Keep the dogs hidden and
away. ... I go.”

  With that the Snow Hawk embarked
in his kayak, moving quietly away from
the floe. An hour passed. He circled
far out around tie little walrus-herd,
KIOGA OF THE WILDERNESS

39

then slowly came upon them, gently
thumping his hollow canoe with the flat
of the paddle. The herd, cautious but
not alarmed, moved away toward the
floe. Thus by imperceptible degrees the
strategy was wrought, the walrus mov-
ing a little, Kioga pursuing leisurely. At
last that which he had anticipated tran-
spired. One at a time or two by two
the walrus flung themselves on the floe,
where the Indian hunters lay in wait.

  It proved to be not a hunt but rather
a slaughter. Wind and sun favored the
Indians. The breeze blew from the wal-
rus and they blinked their none too keen
eyes in the rising sunlight. With lances
improvised from sledge-wood to which
their knives were fixed, the band crept
up. Ten bulls quivered in the death-
struggle before the rest took warning.
Then such a bellowing as seldom rives
the silence of those waters echoed across
to Kioga’s ears. Several more of the
gigantic visitors fell, lanced to the heart.

  Kioga meanwhile approached with ex-
treme slowness, having taken in tow the
first evidence of land, a small tree of
many branches, which he recognized as
one of a variety which grows on the
coasts of Nato’wa. He brought it along
not only to encourage the band, but also
for its tough resilient boughs, which
would be sore needed in the construction
of a craft large enough to bear all to
safgty.

  Within hearing of :he Indians on the
ice, he was suddenly aware that their
shouts contained not the jubilation of
successful hunters, but frantic notes of
warning. The voice of Tokala rose
shrilly above the othe -s:

 “Behind you! Lock back!”

  A swift rearward glance revealed to
Kioga the cause of the ir alarm—a school
of four orcas, the dread killer-whales be-
lieved by Eskimo to be the reincarna-
tion of land-wolves. A moment the Snow
Hawk watched narrowly as they ap-
proached swiftly, side by skle, their im-
mense black dorsal fins erect, a sinister
spectacle. Even as hs watched, an im-
mense sea-lion leaped frantically from
the sea in their path but too late to avoid
the closing of great jaws armed with
row on row of deadly teeth.

 With the pack-unity of wolves the
orcas paused to do murder, while Kioga
bent every energy toward reaching the
floe with his clumsy tow. A hundred
yards lay between him and safety when
the orcas moved again through bloody
foam in their relentless formation. As

“Look on me-—and say if you know not my
name!” said the newcomer sternly.

 they approached, the analogy was plain
 again—water-wolves, an ocean pack bent
 on rapine, their back-fins slashing the
 water like great blunt glaives.

  No man in a kayak saw they, but a
 long seal-like shape, basking as it were
 at the water’s surface near the floe. In
 a body they sounded, and for a long
 minute there was a silence. Then the
 sea seemed to erupt killer whales ten
 yards from the Snow Hawk’s tiny craft.
 Full length from the water leaped the
 orcas, like immensely enlarged salmon.
 From each rounded head a snowy plume
 of spray jetted hissing up. As one ani-
 mal they fell upon the frail skin cockle-
 shell, smashing it to shreds amid a
 smother of foam and the lash and thrash
 of mighty fins and broad thick-muscled
 tails.

   But blood was not let in that fearful
 assault. No fool was Kioga to pit his
 lesser muscles against beasts like these!
 On the instant of their reappearance,
 with their spouting loud in his ears, he
 abandoned the kayak, stepped upon the
 tree drawing abreast of him^and balanc-
 ing like a wire-walker, darted its length,
 ankle-deep in water. As he approached
 its thick end, the blunt white-chinned
 snout of an orca jutted forth between
 him and the floe. Too late to pause—the
 tree-trunk was settling under his weight
 —he executed a mighty leap, full upon
 the slippery back of the blowing orca,
 and flung his line to the ice. As he
 alighted, half-blinded by the animal’s
 steamy blast, he drove the harpoon deep
 within an inch of the palpitating spout-
 hole.

   Simultaneously the whale thrashed the
 sea into milky froth. And that had as-
 suredly been the end of Kioga, but for
 the presence of mind of Moon’s Son the
 medicine-man, who took three quick
 turns of the line about a ridge of ice. As
40

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

the orca sounded, the weapon was torn
from the wound, and Kioga, still gripping
its handle, was hauled to safety.

  Already the others were sinking on the
blood-trace of their stricken fellow—a
grim trail that ended in cannibalism a
mile distant. Whereafter, well-gorged,
the remaining three killer whales were
seen no more.

  Again under the moon’s light, the
sounds of ax were renewed. From the tree
the Snow Hawk hewed away the excess
branches, leaving only several at regular
intervals on either side. Bent up from
the bole, which was to be the keel, the
branches were as ribs, stayed with hide
ropes and bound at all points of stress by
hide thong. The sharp knives had had
their way with the tough walrus-skins.
Men and women alike labored with bone
awls and needles, drawing thread larger
than the hole through it was forcibly
pulled, to bind the interlocking seams
together in a water-tight union. So the
oomiak skin was assembled.

  Slowly the craft took a form at which
an Eskimo would have laughed—unless
he too lived on a world that melted swift-
ly away beneath his feet! When it was
completed many hands moved it to the
water’s edge, and lowered it gently.

  Sea-water welled through the skin bot-
tom. But the dismay of the Indians
was short-lived. As the skins became
water-soaked the seams swelled. No
more brine was then admitted. But the
work of construction was done none too
soon. Near by another great chunk of
the floe cracked away with a splash.

  A short journey convinced Kioga that
the craft would bear them safely across
open water at least to the reefs about
Nato’wa. Qn the morrow, men, women,
dogs and children took to their rude ark,
bearing meat, and water in skin bags,
to last a week. Thus they left the floe
behind them.

FAVORED by wind and current, with-
in a few days they found themselves
within sight of distant shoals extending
to the horizon at either hand. Mean-
while they had collected another proof
of land near by, a sapling. This, when
trimmed and rigged with their gut tar-
paulins became a tolerably effective mast
and sail, giving them additional head-
way. ... By dawn of the next day they
coasted within sound of the waves roar-
ing over the rocky reefs.

  At the bow Kioga scanned the rocks.
Many times he had come hither from the

mainland, through a. channel known only
to himself, which be had discovered by
observing the routes taken by the sharks
infesting the coastal bays of Nato’wa.
His eyes sought the landmark which he
had last seen when he piloted the yacht
Alberta through the inner labyrinth to-
ward the open sea. He saw it at last, a
ragged pinnacle of basalt, forming a
natural breakwater, behind which he
guided his unwieldy craft and its load of
weary humaq* freight.

THIS would be their last opportunity
to rest before the final harrowing bar-
rier was conquered and the real shore at-
tained. Rest they c id on the narrow reef
beside a huge roaring fire of crackling
driftwood, the resinous smells of which
were delicious after long weeks in the
reek of a smoky seal-oil flame. But im-
patience to reach their goal brought them
early awake. With dawn even the dogs
seemed eager for action. Lightening his
craft by every possible ounce, Kioga
stripped it to the barest essentials.

  Fending-poles were made of driftwood.
Then, with an eye to the swift inrush of
the tide, the threading of the deadly reefs
was begun in a growing mist. In a light
canoe Kioga had often made the perilous
passage in three days. In the stiff-han-
dling oomiak, deep-laden and slow to re-
spond, they were that long making half
the distance; and were forced by fog to
camp on another rocky reef, subsisting
on clams dug from the rocks. The dis-
mal mists rolled thicker on every side.
Immense tidal combers dashed cold
spray over the huddling band.

  It was a small thing which sent their
spirits soaring. In the midst of fore-
boding, with a weary flutter of mist-
wet wings, a little wind-battered bird
alighted upon the wet rocks. Such a
show of indomitable cheer as it then
made must have raised the hearts of con-
demned men. Its song was a subdued
twitter, suddenly bursting into a series
of ear-piercing whistles, repeated with
swelling throat. Five times it ran its
rapid score with comic fearless earnest-
ness. When the Indians laughed, its
crest drooped as if in embarrassment.
Then it took flight and fluttered shore-
ward through the mists.

  But with it went also despair. As the
mists rose slightly ihe band again put off.
Vigorously they fought the great waves
which would have hurled their craft up-
on the rocky ridges, turning it safely a
thousand times, with their fending-poles.
KIOGA OF THE WILDERNESS	41

  The thousand-and-first time disaster
fell like a lightning-bolt. An invisible
reef was suddenly uncovered by a wave
in the trough of which the oomiak rode,
to graze it with a sickening rip of the
walrus-hide bottom, through which the
sea-water boiled.

  They could no more than let her pound
against the nearest reef and abandon as
swiftly as possible, one helping another
to the rocky ledge whose under-wate^
spur had scuttled their craft. It seemed
they had come all this way only to meet
their, end within striking range of their
goal. But the winds calmed; the mists
dissipated. The sea came to rest. On
the southern horizon the sun rose to but
half the size of an immense fiery orange
before slowly beginning its descent. But
by its glorious slanting beams Kioga saw
the receding tide had uncovered more of
the ledge on which they stood—and
showed it to be in reality a little rocky
peninsula joined to the mainland. They
could wade ashore!

  Towering, forbidd ng, inhospitable-
looking as a castle’s wall, a great cliff
reared into the sky beyond, its battle-
ments gilded by the vanishing sunlight.
In the calm bay below the cliffs a host of
wild-fowl rose in a hanking cloud as a
pair of fisher-eagles swooped in upon
them, striking right and left. On a little
beach bordering the bz.y lay the wrecked
oomiak, round about which sandpipers
darted with stiffly mechanical rapidity,
like wound-up toys, concerned only with
making the most of the short daylight
hours in filling their li ;tle crops.

ALONG moment the band looked upon
these evidences of land-life, stunned
by the reality of what they had striven
toward, all these long arduous moons,
and endeavoring to maintain composure.
Then suddenly a choked sob escaped
Grass Girl, holding hei babe against her
breast. Others of the women wept
hysterically. The men of themed-skinned
migrants, deeply emotional beneath their
stoic veneers, did strarge things.

  Old Crow Man stood silent with out-
stretched arms, great tears rolling un-
heeded down his seamed cheeks. From
rock to wet rock leaped the younger men,
some to throw themselves bodily down to
kiss the wet sand, others to kneel and
filter its particles upon their heads and
shoulders. Tokala the Fox capered
shouting gleefully about the beach, his
lynx-kitten still on one arm. The uncer-
tain dogs picked their way cautiously

ashore, pausing to sniff new scents or
prick up their ears at new sounds; while
one, nipped astern by the claw of a gi-
gantic rock-crab, chased its tail in a
spinning circle.

  Kioga, however, knew too well the dan-
gers of this wild coast, to tarry; and
after their moment of thanksgiving, he
led his band along the cliffs toward an
ascending path.

  The eager dogs, excited by fresh scents
on every hand, roved in a scattered group
a hundred yards in advance. The band
had, in fact, barely gained the up-trail
when what the Snow Hawk sought to
avoid came to pass, with such suddenness
that he was powerless to intervene.

HEEDLESS of several summonses to
return, the yelping dogs had gath-
ered around an old bone-pile, long since
picked clean by the scavengers, and were
here sniffing about. Of a sudden a score
of lean gaunt shadows materialized as if
from nowhere, rounding a bend in the
cliff wall like silent specters; and in
their wake flew and circled a noisome
band of croaking ravens and lesser crows.

  Of all the fierce living things in the
land of Nato’wa, none is so much to be
feared as these coastal felons, the Dire-
wolves, who respect nothing that walks
on two legs or four.

  Running in such close formation that
a room-sized rug would have covered the
pack, at the moment of glimpsing the
dogs their tactics changed. The inner
segment described an encircling move-
ment, cutting off the dogs’ retreat toward
the cliffs. The outer, without pause or
hesitation, rushed foaming on the prey.

  Now these were prime giant husky
dogs in fine condition, many of them
little less than wild themselves. Yet
against the leather-tendoned, trap-jawed
beasts which attacked, they were as suck-
ling puppies. Came the deadly snick and
slashing snap of fangs on fangs, mingling
with the ferocious snarling of the cor-
nered dogs, fighting for life itself. But
from the gaunt destroyers there came
no vocal sound. The Dire-wolves of
Nato’wa speak but once, before assem-
bling, and do their killing in grim silence.

  One of the dogs, indeed, made good his
escape from the first rush. But the lead-
er of the second segment laid him out
twitching, half his throat bitten away by
a single rabid chop of the jaws. From
sight, to attack, to finish, it was over as
appallingly soon as that. Not one dog
survived when the wolves crouched down
42

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

to their hot feast, pausing now and then
only to slash at the impatient ravens
hovering in black impudent clouds about
their ears.

  From a safe height in the cliffs, where-
from they could hurl great rocks in case
of attack, Kioga’s band looked upon the
scene which symbolized the gloomy
savagery of this untamed land as word
of mouth could never have done: the
faithful companions of their long march
were no more. Forewarned against the
grim realities of the wilderness round
about them, the Indians finally con-
tinued their climb, scaling the cliffs.
Atop the ramparts they built a shelter of
rocks wherein to sleep the night. And
here Kioga warned his party at length as
to the precautions to be taken against
the prowlers of darkness.

  “Take no risks,” he concluded. “Keep
your fire hooded. The Shoni scalp-hunt-
ers may be abroad. Wait patiently with-
in your shelter until I return with meat.
Be alert to admit me when I call from
the darkness.”

  With that the Snow Hawk melted into
the gloom as silently as a leaf grows.
Over his head the sky was intensely
black, shot with the great Arctic stars,
glittering like silver. Kioga, grateful to
be home, drank in the tonic piny air
until it seemed his chest must burst.

  At the edge of the evergreen forest he
paused to listen.

  Moving aground a little way on the
animal trails, he sensed something loom-
ing up before him, and at a touch of the
shaggy bark, knew it for an immense
fallen tree-bole. Upon this he vaulted
lightly, stealing along its slanting length.

  Now he paused to probe the dark with
widened pupils. Two shining mirrors
flashed yellow light, went out. He knew
that a puma prowled near by—and on
that he remembered Mika, the great
savage panther he had raised from cub-
hood, and hunted with by the light of the
Arctic moon. He recalled Aki the bear,
that shaggy bulwark of protection who
had defended him from a hundred foes.

HE kept moving onward, into the wind
now, and over terrain which had
not known his tread for many moons.
His course took him straight along the
lip of a ravine, deep in which a tiger
spoke in husky earth-shaking tones, and
thence inland, skirting the base of a
mountain. Soon he caught the scent he
sought—an acrid, faintly sulphu-ous
smell. Following this, he entered a little

valley in whose shelter the forest was yet
thicker. Here he came to that place
frequented some tine in its life by every
beast in the forest for fifty miles around
—the hot springs. In these curative flu-
ids torn tissues fini comfort.

SEARCHING out a certain pool, Kioga
found it occupied by a huge old
grizzly bear, splashing joyously about in
the moonlight, bellowing with enjoyment.
Sloughing off his furs, upon the aged
bather Kioga wait 2d patiently, standing
like some naked god amid the spinning
vapors. When the bear emerged, shaking
water over a racius of many square
yards, Kioga gave him time to leave, be-
fore depositing his clothing on a con-
venient ledge. Then he enjoyed that
which he craved more than red meat it-
self—a hot cleansing bath, his first in
many weeks. In this forest luxury he
reveled for half an hour, emerging re-
freshed and with skin aglow, to plunge
himself in cold running water near by.
Then he returned 1.0 his clothes.

  As he bent above them, a few branches
overhead moved, and a beam of moon-
light revealed an intruder.

  Coal-black of body, but with mottled
whitish triangles- running down its six
feet of muscular back, a rock-viper lay
coiled in the dry warmth of his cast-off
furs. Its peculiar taint rose to his nos-
trils like the very emanation of death.

  Frozen to rigidity, wnh hand still out-
stretched, the win; of the Snow Hawk
sped like lightning. To move would but
draw its strike, and he would end with
the deadly thing fastened to his flesh.

  There was nothing to do but wait—
and hope it would mistake him for a
part of the scenery. As he waited, in the
expectation of death, there flitted past his
ear a pygmy owl, uttering its curious
kr-r-r, kr-r-r, kr-r-r.

  Like a flash of light the snake lashed
out at the little blur of feathers. Quick
as the strike came, the winged elf evaded
it, and perched indignantly on a ledge
near by. And in that fraction of a sec-
ond Kioga’s fingers snapped upon the
snake’s clammy neck just below the
head. The koang whipped itself round
his arm, no mean antagonist even now,
with its twenty pounds struggling to get
those fangs home. But fingers with the
grip of blacksmith’s pincers held it se-
curely. Then with his knife he severed
the head from the thrashing body. He
cleansed the knife and buried the head
under a foot of earth. The remainder
KIOGA OF THE WILDERNESS

43

Kioga took i p a position behind and to one side of the assemblage. Now
and then a passing warrior greeted him—sometimes with hostile bearing;
but none questioned his identity as Raven’s Tail.
44	THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

he left to the pygmy owl whose coming
had probably saved his life.

  Then Kioga forgot his close brush with
extinction, as all wild things forget what
is over and done with, and bethought
him of his Indians, who would be wait-
ing for food. Naked as he had emerged
from the sulphur-bath, he prowled forth
into the dark again.

  It was winter in Nato’wa indeed. But
the heat in this timbered valley, warmed
winter and summer by the hot springs
bubbling in it, soon brought the sweat
springing through Kioga’s pores.

IN every direction the breeze bore the
scent of meat. And so, on a rock
ledge affording a moonlight view of an
animal trail, Kioga crouched in ambush
with knife between teeth, awaiting the
coming of game.

  Soon came one of noble mien and care-
ful step, its ten-point antlers edged with
droplets of condensing mist. A study in
sepia and quicksilver, all unsuspecting
the elk moved under the hunter’s perch.
One step it came, and two; another, and
then—down pounced that lurking shadow.

  An instant of plunging blade to hilt in
the creature’s side, another seizing the
horn, with lightning twist dislocating the
spine—thus, without sound died Kioga’s
prey, struck down by a master killer.

  Leaving the viscera for the scavengers,
Kioga bore his kill back to the springs,
donned his furs, and turned back toward
the rocky shelter which housed his band,
just as the sun rimmed redly over the
southern horizon.

  Suddenly there came to him upon the
now frosty breeze a sound—the ground-
vibrating temblors of a tiger’s roar. To
you or me, one roar would seem like
another. To Kioga’s ear, long familiar
with the forest’s many voices, this much
was certain : Guna had encountered prey.
And in all the forest few willingly miss
witnessing the red drama of a tiger’s kill-
ing—Kioga least of all. He turned aside,
approaching the stream, along which
doubtless Guna prowled.

  To the Snow Hawk that deep-chested
challenge brought no slightest quiver.
But at a further sound—somewhat like a
kitten’s mewing—he started, almost as if
with fear, and threw aside his new-killed
buck.

  To another, hurrying along the stream’s
bank, sheer terror came. It was Tokala
the Fox, armed with a great unwieldy
club that was more a burden than an arm
in his small hand, who paused quivering

as the tiger spoke. Hours since, he had
slipped away from the Indian camp, seek-
ing only the highest felicity life held for
him—to be at ths Snow Hawk’s side.
Lighted until now by the aurora, un-
scathed save by ihe devil’s-club which
had lacerated him when he sought pro-
tection from preying beasts behind its
sharp bayonets, st 11 in one arm he bore
his cherished pet the lynx-kitten; and it
was the voice of tiaia little creature that
had caught the tiger’s ear—and Kioga’s.

  And now Tokala’s eyes fastened in
dread fascination on the movement in the
undergrowth whence rolled that terrify-
ine sound.

  From a thicket there slowly emerged
into the light, stripe by stripe, a beast of
splendid majesty. A massive orange-
colored head adorned with black cross-
bars came slowly into view. A pair of
black-tipped thick furred ears surmount-
ed it, Eyes with the glow and heat of
yellow fire seen through glacial ice fixed
the boy, lighted with baleful menace.

  Now Guna rose grunting to a half-
crouch, a magnificent beast of the long-
haired breed in full winter coat, richly
girt by sable stripes about the glistening
rufous sides. The furry cylinder of,its
tail was motionless save at its twitching
end as the animal quivered before launch-
ing its bounding rush. The quill-like
whiskers angled backward from the wrin-
kled lips, whose upward twitch exposed
the deadly knives, those four long curv-
ing yellow seizing-teeth.

  In that tense moment the Snow Hawk
attained the river’s bank above and be-
hind Tokala, with ready arrow and bow
half-drawn. In one glance he foresaw
the frightful destruction to which Tokala
stood exposed. Tokala bravely raised
his club, as with short grunting roars the
tiger launched its rushing charge.

  Simultaneously the Snow Hawk drew
in advance of the beast and loosed two
lightning shafts in quick succession. One
arrow took Guna squarely in the eye.
The other but pierced a hinder leg. Bel-
lowing in pain, the tiger sped on. A
short twenty paces lay before its prey.
The animal was closing in a mighty
spring.

  Then from its blinded side came cata-
pulting one whose lightning onslaught
was as ferocious as the tiger’s own. To-
kala and the fading stars looked upon a
scene plucked from some prehistoric page
in man’s forgotten past. Man and beast
collided obliquely with a force that all
but tore the Snow Hawk’s arms from
KIOGA OF THE WILDERNESS

45

their sockets. Gripping the tiger’s ruff
with one hand, with the other he stabbed
his keen blade repeatedly into the mus-
cled neck, severing the great artery.

  The roaring tiger reared, shaking it-
self like some great dog within its loose
thick overcoat of fur, great jets of blood
spraying the river sands. But powerful
legs linked him round the loins like iron
chain. All deliberately, yet with the
practised quickness of many a like en-
counter, Kioga planted his steel in other
vulnerable ground—working it deep be-
hind the ears, where skull meets neck.

  A roar ear-splitting in its volume fore-
told the end. Grimly Kioga made good
his hold, not daring now to drop away,
lest in its paroxysms, already begun, the
tiger rend him apart.

  Two shuddering leaps the tiger took,
then crashed down dead upon its back,
bearing the Snow Hawk also down, to
strike with stunning force against the
hard-packed sand. Then all was dark,
and Kioga knew no more.

  During all the crowded moments of
the encounter Tokala had watched in ter-
ror mixed with amazement, half disbe-
lieving that of which his own eyes now
assured him—that even Kioga had tri-
urhphed over so fierce a beast as this.
Feverishly he clubbed the tiger on the
skull.

 But now he saw the Snow Hawk
pinned, bleeding and silent, under the
huge striped body. Twice he whispered
the Snow Hawk’s name and went unan-
swered. With all his; strength, dragging
at one mighty forepaw, Tokala sought
vainly to move the giant carcass. Then
hastily he fled as he had come, along the
stream bank, back to the Indian rock-
camp, to bring Kioga aid.

ROUSING a few minutes later, Kioga
. threw off the tiger’s pinioning weight.
Looking about for Tokala, he saw only
footprints in the sand and surmised the
boy had gone for help. Peufeaps it would
be needed, for as he bent to pick up the
deer he had earlier tnrown aside, a stab
of pain ran through his thigh. Neverthe-
less he shouldered the needed meat and
limped on Tokala’s trail. What with
frequent rests to massage his injured leg
back to normal, and pauses to make sure
that Tokala’s tracks had not strayed, he
was more than an hour reaching the
cliffs.

  He would eat with the band, thought
Kioga, and then recorinoiter near Hopeka
—the Indian village where once he had

ruled supreme as war-chief tain of all the
Shoni tribes. He wished to learn their
exact sentiment toward himself. For be-
cause of his rescue, more than a year ago,
of white captives from the storm-driven
yacht Alberta, whom the Indians had
been tormenting at the torture-stake, Ki-
oga had incurred the wrath of his people.

  At Hopeka he expected only hostility.
But whatever he found, he could perhaps
enter the village and appropriate weap-
ons with which to arm his own band.
Failing that, there was still his cave,
several marches distant, where were
hidden weapons enough for fifty men, all
hammered out long ago, on his own hid-
den forge. . . .

  Approaching the shelter on the cliffs,
he noted that the Indians had evidently
taken his instructions to heart, for they
neither exposed themselves, nor was a
fire visible. As agreed, he called out:

  “Ai-yah! Meat, brothers. Come with
sharp knives! ”

  There was no answer. Laughing at
their caution, Kioga added:

  “Perhaps you are not hungry. Per-
haps—” But he said no more; for at
that moment he suspected what made him
drop his burden of game and rush to the
rock shelter. There was no sound
within, but as he crossed the threshold,
his foot came in contact with something
soft—a human body, which he drew to-
ward where the dawn light might shine
on its face.

  What he saw need not be dwelt upon.
He was looking into the face of Moon’s
Son, who would beat his magic drum no
more. He had been at least an hour
dead, to judge from the body tempera-
ture, which the Snow Hawk noted sub-
consciously as one to whom death was no
uncommon sight. From the terrible rag-
ged design left by the blade, he judged it
had been a bone knife wielded by a Shoni
braid-collector. And Moon’s Son had
been scalped.

  A swift glance about in the increasing
light indicated a surprise and a short
struggle. The trail further said that the
attackers had hurried their captives off
in a northerly direction. Even now the
victorious warriors would be embarking
in their canoes and regaling the luckless
captives with picturesquely pantomimed
accounts of the tortures they would sure-
ly undergo.

  Two courses were open to the Snow
Hawk. He could trail the Shoni braves
while the spoor was hot—or anticipate
their arrival at Hopeka, the village near-
46

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

est this point on the coast and capital of
the Seven Tribes, and there try to free
his friends. He forgot the pain of his in-
jured leg, as circling northward he took
the paths that would bring him to a
river debouching into the Hiwasi, which
flowed past the gates of Hopeka.

  Arrived at a likely spot, well screened
by overhanging tree-limbs, he lay in wait,
this time for nobler prey than deer.

CHAPTER IX

The Sorcerer

FROM time to time canoes passed the
Snow Hawk’s waiting-place, lighted
by pine-knot torches smoking at their
bows. But half-visible in the lowered
dusk, Kioga recognized them by their
lines. Some were deep-laden with trade-
goods or tribute exacted by the Shoni
from the tribes near the mountain passes
and defiles miles in the interior. Such
things might be bartered at the native
bazaars in return for skins, weapons,
feather-work, or for the skillfully made
fur clothing for which the women of
Hopeka are famed.

  Other craft held couriers bearing mes-
sages from outlying villages, or visitors
traveling from one place to another. Well
favored are the Shoni in the possession
of their skein of waterways, which are
at once their highways of conquest and
avenues of trade.

  None of these did Kioga molest, until
there came one craft at which his watch-
ing eyes lighted up. A small craft, it
was manned by a strange figure decked
in all the garish trappings of a witch-
doctor. He wore an eye-mask, designed
to frighten the beholder, an all-enfolding
robe of deer-hides falling almost to the
ankles and marked with mystic medicine-
signs, and a headdress of raven tail-
plumes tasseled with strands- of human
hair. Of the shaman’s features, hidden
by mask and paint, little was discernible
as he paddled, muttering incantations,
into the Snow Hawk’s hearing.

 What happened then was hidden by
branches overhanging the river. The in-
cantations ceased as if choked suddenly
off; several large ripples spread out to
midstream; and the canoe did not at
once reappear. Perhaps the medicine-
man communed with some dark spirit
imparting strange secrets.

  But soon the craft came forth, and in
it there still sat a figure in robe and
feathers and mask, as if nothing uncom-

mon had happened. Indeed, the paddler
seemed possessed of fresh strength, for
the craft all but flew onward now, and
came soon into view of Hopeka.

  Beached before its gates lay hundreds
of canoes, among which the eyes of the
lone paddler roved swiftly as if in search
of some one known to him. Then he
pushed boldly ashcre, felt the sand hiss
under the prow and stepped forth, carry-
ing a war-club which had lain beneath a
thwart.

  He observed that the sentries were in-
attentive to duty, for he approached un-
challenged. Something important must
be transpiring within the walls! With
the war-club he rapped on the gates.

  “Who knocks?” came a startled query
from within.

 “Look on me,” answered the new-
comer loud and sternly, “and say if you
know not my name!”

  There was a subdued colloquy between
two startled guards before one climbed
to gaze down from atop the lofty pali-
sade and cry out to his fellow-sentry:
“It is Raven’s Tail the sorcerer! Open
the gates!”

THE huge log barriers fell apart, but
just wide enough to admit him they
called Raven’s Tail, who strode haughti-
ly in, masked, wi:h head carried high
and robe close-wrapped about him. The
gate was hurriedly pushed shut.

  “Wherefore such caution, sentinel ?”
asked the supposed shaman, of the sentry
standing respectfully by.

  “A Wa-Kanek band was seen in the
north by all report, O Dealer-in-Magic.”
“Better, then, to be more vigilant,”
was the sharp answer; then: “Where
were your eyes when I stole upon the
gates ?”

  “You have been absent long, O Raven’s
Tail. As I hope to die a warrior, I knew
you not,” came the sentry’s answer
lamely.

  “And in my long absence has naught
of importance happened?”

  “Does not a shaman know all that may
occur ?” asked the second sentry with the
faintest trace of sarcasm. This brought
the gaze of Kioga sharp upon his face;
whereat he paled a little. And the other
sentry answered:

  “The Winter Festival will soon begin.
The trading opens thereafter. There is
talk of choosing a new warrior-chief.”
“Ahi! Then Kioga—” began the sup-
posed shaman, and paused, for the sentry
had stiffened, as did his companion.
KIOGA OF THE WILDERNESS

  To the Snow Hawk there was no sur-
prise in this. He well knew that the men
who did the fighting had small regard
for the shamans who fomented war—
though superstitious fear, carefully con-
trived by the medicine-men, usually kept
open expressions of hostility quiet.

  Perceiving that the sentries were
watching him suspiciously, he was about
to move on, when Brz.ve Elk answered
his earlier question with one of his own,
cunningly designed to trip him.

  “Knew you not, O shaman, that Kioga
the Snow Hawk is gone away in disgrace
these many long months?”

  “I know everything that has hap-
pened, or will happen^” returned the
masked one sharply, as if in rebuke.

  “Then,” demanded the irrepressible
Brave Elk, as was his right according to
Shoni custom, “fjive us some sign of
your great medicine.”

  The masquerader turned slowly, rivet-
ing the speaker with a steady stare,
through the slits in the mask. Then he
spoke gutturally and with emphasis de-
signed to awe the man and others who
had gathered to hear the oracle speak:
“Naught of importance has happened
lately, so you have said. But I tell you
that before the moon has risen, the tor-
ture-fires will be kindled. The cries of
your victims will wake the forest. And
beware—I repeat, beware—lest the Snow
Hawk fly into your midst—for of such a
thing my omens have spoken! Hat-ya!”
With that he wheeled and mingled
with a band of tall and dignified warriors
stalking about the village muffled in
beautiful skin blankets and crowned with
fillets of handsome feathers indicative
of their deeds and ofiice. Everywhere
he went, a way was cleared for him.

SOON the jaws of the; sentries dropped,
for it came to pas:s as Raven’s Tail
had foretold. A hail from the river was
heard. Sentries manned the walls to
scan the waters whence it came. Then
fierce and shrill abo^e the mounting
noises in the village came the blood-
thirsty cry: “Aif N’taea tui chokal”
Prisoners for the state! Sacrifice for
the sacred fire!

  All other pursuits were put aside. The
populace crowded eagerly toward the
gate to view those destined as sport for
the licking flames. Foremost among the
villagers was a figure in robe, mask and
blanket.

47

  The great gates swung apart. Flanked
by their burly captors, the Indians of
Kioga’s band came wearily in, blood-
stained and disheveled. All who lived
were there. Grass Girl with her babe
mourned Moon’s Son, whose scalp
adorned the belt of a Shoni at her side.
The others glanced hopelessly about,
stunned by the size of the village and
the fierce expressions of its inhabitants.
Little Tokala shrank back fearfully from
the masked face grinning down on him
as he was pushed along.

BUT the frightful creature followed,
as Tokala learned by frequently look-
ing back over a shoulder—followed and
noted where the captives were imprisoned
and the position of their guards; he ob-
served that they were given food and
drink, and that would-be molesters were
driven off. But at last, to Tokala’s in-
tense relief, the shaman went away.

  Having heard a mutter of drums on
the ceremonial grounds, Kioga knew that
the prisoners would be safe, at least un-
til the Winter Festival was over, a mat-
ter of many hours, in which time much
could happen. And so he proceeded to-
ward where the drums had begun to roll,
and took up a position behind and to
one side of the great assemblage. Now
and then a passing warrior greeted him
—sometimes with hostile bearing; but
none questioned his identity.

  Swiftly the keen eye of the Snow
Hawk darted among them all seeking a
glimpse of noble Kias, friend of his boy-
hood—tall, lean powerful Kias, who had
fought at his side in the battle at the
Painted Cliffs, where under the Snow-
Hawk’s leadership the Shoni tribes had
turned back the raiding Wa-Kanek for
the first time in the memory of living
men. Nowhere could Kioga distinguish
that familiar figure.

  But among the chiefs regnant sat Me-
newa, beloved of his people in the
Tugari tribe, whom Kioga recognized in-
stantly. Then his eager glance cast
about for a glimpse of one he would
never forget—Heladi, daughter of Me-
newa, she who had brought his fierce
wild life its one interval of peace and
calm—and a love which he had denied
with unwitting callousness. Heladi was
nowhere to be seen. Had she met the
sudden death of the raider’s knife, or
fallen into the clutches of a tiger when
bearing water into the village ?

With ever-incrsasing power, thi* fascinating story of th» Snow Hawk
and the far wilci land of Nato’wa continues in our forthcoming June issue.
No Flame More Fierce

It was no popgun South American revolution these tourists
from the States walked into but an ugly business of blood
and fire. ... A powerful story by the author of “The
Pirate’s Beard” and “The Rebellion of Smell Fry”

CAPTAIN VAN OOT came down
late to dinner. His face was seri-
ous, a noticeable and unusual thing
for that rather jolly personage. He stood
at his place for a moment and then said
in a voice loud enough to break through
the conversation of the ten passengers:
“Well, we’ll make San Lucas early
tomorrow morning.”

  Mr. Denham’s voice answered for all
the others:

“Okay, Captain. . . . What time do we
get through with the port authorities?”
“Probably about nine-thirty or so. But
there is something I want to say to you:

I	have a radiogram fro 1 the company
office at San Lucas saying there- is a
revolution in Colivuela. It may affect
your plans.”

  “Hell, no,” said Mr. Denham. “There’s
always a popgun revolution in these
little spig countries. That won’t bother
us, will it, folks? After all, we’re Ameri-
can citizens.”

  There was a general buzz of approval
on the part of the other passengers. The
two professors, both a little the worse—
or better—for good mellow Dutch gin,
lifted their wine-glasses.

  “Here’s to the revolution! ” toasted
Professor Hastings.

  “Bigger and better revolutions!”
toasted Professor Mayhew.

  And all the others, even quiet, dumpy
Mrs. Chaler and pretty, doll-like little
Miss Brewster, responded to the toasts.
Even the German couple who scarcely
knew what it was about raised their
glasses, and so did Maxie Stein, who
didn’t care about revolutions as long as
he could get to Curagao and buy up
those perfumes at bargain prices. They
were a gay crowd. The Zaraza was a
passenger-carrying freighter of the Royal
Dutch Line, and in the memory of no
officer had there ever been such a joyous
crowd.

  But there was one passenger who didn’t
drink to that toast. He didn’t drink at

  all. He never ordered wine, never ac-
  cepted any of the gins that the Denhams
  and the gay professors kept offering
  everybody. His name was Knowles, and
  that was about all anyone knew of him.
  He was tall and thin and white and tired-
  looking. He wore brown sun-glasses to
  shield his eyes. You could see pretty
  plainly that he wasn’t a good mixer. He
  spent most of his time alone, quietly
  reading heavy-looking books. And when
  Captain Van Oot announced the revolu-
  tion, it was pretty plain that Mr.
  Knowles was worried about it. Sitting
  next to the Capta n, he was seen by the
  others to ask serious questions in a low
  tone.

    Mr. Denham nudged Maxie Stein and
  pointed this out to him with a wink.
  Everybody at the Denhams’ table looked
  and grinned and nodded to each other.
  There are always people like that—just
  natural-born sissies, timorous little people
  who are afraid of everything. Probably
  Mr. Knowles was a bookkeeper or a
  little clerk. You could practically tell,
  by his dark glasses,. Probably this cruise
  was the greatest adventure of his retreat-
  ing and uneventful life.

    And when dinner was over and the
  passengers had piled up on the deck to
  have their coffee and rum, Mr. Knowles
  stayed below, still conversing seriously
  with the Captain and the First Officer.

   Said Mr. Denham to Mrs. Denham,
  loud enough for all the rest to hear and
  get a laugh out of it:

    “Well, the revolution seems to panic
  our friend Mr. Milktoast, doesn’t it? It’s
  a wonder that bird ever dares to cross
  the Hudson on a ferry-boat.”

   They all thought that crack was
  pretty funny.

  THE Zaraza made the harbor at San
  Lucas just be 'ore sunrise. She was
  warped into the dock toward seven
  o’clock. Over the flat top of the dock-
  sheds, Mr. Knowles could see the town
  48
By Fulton Grant

Illustrated by Austin Briggs

 rising up in terraces c>f streets, crawling
 up the side of the mountains as though
 the city feared the very cleanliness of
 the sea. He had risen with the sun and
 had stationed himself on the freight
 deck, forward in the very prow of the
 ship. Strange sounds, catcalls, shout-
 ings, screaming of windlasses, puffing of
 donkey engines broke into his thinking.
 Crowds of scantily clad little brown
 people were milling about the pier and
 swarming over the railroad sidings.
 Officials clambered aboard. They had
 much brass on their soiled white uni-
 forms. Their skin was dirty brown,
 sometimes a chalky gray. They sat in
 the dining-salon and talked rapidly with
 tha Captain in guttural Spanish. Mr.
 Knowles listened to them through the
 doorway. As he listened, he grew even
 paler than usual.

 AT breakfast blue identity-cards were
   l issued to all passengers.

   “We want to get a car and drive up to
 the capital to watch the fun,” announced
 Mr. Denham, again spokesman for the
 others. “I suppose :he Company can
 arrange that for us.”

   Captain Van Oot frowned.

   “I doubt if they’ll let you go through,”
 he said. “There may be serious trouble,
 you know.”

   “Oh, we don’t care,” said Mrs. Den-
 ham. “After all, we are American citi-
 zens. They wouldn’t dare to touch us.
 Tell your office here we want a seven-
 passenger car. It will be all right.”

   The Captain merely smiled and said:
 “Very well, Madam; I’m sure they’ll try
 to arrange it.”

  As everyone expected, Mr. Knowles
 did not go ashore with the ethers. Irre-
 pressible Maxie Stein called out to him
 as they went down the gangplank:

   “Hey, Knowles, don’t be a sissy all
 your life. C’mon and see the fireworks.
 Little Esther, here, needs a boy friend to
 protect her.”

<

“I must say, I don’t like this crowd,”
said Professor Hastings.

NO FLAME MORE FIERCE

51

It was useless to scream now. ...

The man had lost the fleeing crowd.

No, there was one man running be-
hind them. Then there was an ex-
plosion. Her carrier stopped short,
and relaxed his hold.

  “Little Esther” was Miss Esther Brew-
ster, and everybody thought that Maxie’s
wisecrack was funny, especially because
Mr. Knowles had attempted to talk with
her one evening about the difference be-
tween the stars you can see in the
Southern sky and those in the Northern
sky, and Miss Brewster had been bored
and excused herself. This morning Miss
Brewster was quite sparkling. She had
turquoise shorts on, and a bright carmine
blouse. She made a vivid spot of color
going down the gangplank, and all the
natives standing around grinned and
leered.

  Mr. Knowles called out to her, ignor-
ing Maxie:

 “I wouldn’t wear that costume here
if I were you, Miss Brewster.”

  “No, I guess you wouldn’t,” she re-
plied laughingly, and that was pretty
funny too.

 When the other passengers had van-
ished down the crooked streets of San

Lucas, Mr. Knowles went back to his
cabin. He fumbled in his bag and
pulled out a dirty, wrinkled suit of white
duck and an old, battered, rolled-up
Panama. These he put on, apparently
not caring how seedy and un-American
he looked. Then he fumbled again in
his bag and brought out a curious little
camera. It was a German gadget that
looked like a small, clumsy pistol, but it
had a 1.5 lens, and a battery of twenty
tiny plates three centimeters square.
Again from the bag he pulled a short auto-
matic and shoved it into his hip pocket.
Imagine a sissy with a gun like that!
Mr. Denham and Maxie Stein would
have got a big laugh out of that. And
when Mr. Knowles stepped out of his
cabin, it was noticeable that he had neg-
lected to put on shoes and socks; and in
his bare feet and dirty clothes, with a
cigarette dangling from his mouth, he
looked more like a bedraggled native of
San Lucas, or a forgotten white man
52

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

who had gone wrong and was “on the
beach,” as they say.

  He grinned at the Captain and made
his way to the radio cabin. There he
had quite a conversation with Sparks,
the operator, who was a bright young
Dutchman and who seemed to be a little
excited. Then Mr. Knowles clambered
to the freight deck, pattered down the
gangplank, waved at the Captain, who
was standing there, and vanished in the
press of endless crowds of brown people.

  “Think he’ll get back ?” asked the
First Officer of the Captain.

  “God knows! I hope so,” replied the
Captain. “I have no authority to stop
him, but I wish he had taken another
ship.”

  “H-m-m-m,” said the First Officer.
“Well, this ruins his vacation. . . .”

  Meanwhile the little parade of tour-
ists had reached the offices of the Royal
Dutch Line. Miss Brewster had found
it more comfortable to walk between the
two professors. She had found that the
dirty little brown people had noticed her
bright costume, so unusual in that coun-
try, and especially had they noticed her
undeniably attractive legs. She didn’t
like the faces of these people. They
were leering, drawn, unwholesome-look-
ing people. As she passed one knot of
them, a leering black man whose trousers,
if they could be called such, were scarce-
ly sufficient to cover him with modesty,
made a gesture in her direction. She
didn’t exactly understand the gesture nor
his loud remark in some strange guttural
language, but she knew it wasn’t very
nice. The whole crowd around him
laughed loudly and nastily. . . .

THE officials of the Company were
courteous. But a car to take them
to the capital—ah, that would be diffi-
cult. The road was dangerous; there was
fighting. Yes, people had been killed.
The government was doing its best, of
course, but the people were out of hand.
Yes, they would telephone to the State
Department. Yes, they would phone the
American Consul-General. Yes indeed,
they would do everything in their power.
But it was very doubtful if they could
arrange a safe-conduct. Nothing to do
but wait, unfortunately.

 Said Mr. Denham:

  “Why, this is absurd. We are all
American citizens. We have the protec-
tion of the United States. They wouldn’t
dare to touch us. Where would Colivu-
ela'be without the United States? Look

what our development companies have
done for them. Why, we have given
them their very bread—”

  The Dutch official looked queerly at
Mr. Denham. Had he been familiar with
American slang, he might have used the
expression, “Oh, yeah?” but he contented
himself with a pcssibly more subtle ob-
servation.

  “I think, Mr. Denham, that the less
you say about American companies just
now, the batter everything will be.”

  “Why, the very idea! ” exclaimed Mrs.
Denham.

  “Especially in this office—if vou don’t
mind? As I have said, we will do all in
our power to get you through to the
capital, but it must be understood that
we assume no responsibility at all. You
go there at your own risk.”

  “Okay, mister,” agreed Maxie Stein
arrogantly. “Just get us the car; that’s
all we want.”

SO they waited, bored, uncomfortable,
hot—and thirsty. The two profes-
sors, especially, had a thirst. They slipped
quietly toward the office door. Miss
Brewster, who wes a little bored with
the others, joined them suddenly. The
three pushed their way through hundreds
of dirty, half-clad natives who gave way
before them grudgingly. The street was
very narrow. The houses were blue or
red or green or pastel shades, and seemed
to be leaning on each other’s shoulders
to keep from slid ng down the hillside
into the ocean. At every intersection
there seemed to be more people swarm-
ing into the street.

  They could, however, see a large—if
rather battered arid dirty—sign at the
bottom of the hill which read, “El Tura-
quil” and then carried the bold English
inscription, “Cold Beer.” That was their
destination.

  “I must say, I don’t like this crowd,”
said Professor Hastings.

  “Nor I,” agreec Professor Mayhew.
“Filthy little people, aren’t they?” He
had not lowered his voice when he said
this, and it became evident that one of
the “filthy little people” had understood
his uncomplimentary remark, for a lean
brown hand reached out and pushed him
rudely.

 “Peeg! Peeg of Americano! Why
you come here eef you no like thees
place?” And the ratty-faced little man
stuck his thumb behind his teeth and
pulled it out at the Professor in a most
insulting gesture. Then he cried out
NO FLAME MORE FIERCE

53

  something in some Indian dialect, and
  the entire crowd broke into catcalls and
  loud, unpleasant noises, evidently di-
  rected at the three Americans.

   It was not comfortable. They were
 jostled and pushed. Hands were laid on
 Miss Brewster, who could only shrug
 them off and cling closely to Professor
 Mayhew. Professor Hastings, who was
 a large man and had seen powerful in
 his day, bristled and would have used
 violence, but Mayhew hastily warned
 him off.

   “Easy, George,” he said. “Don’t do
 anything. We’re almost at the cafe now.
 Keep close to Miss Brewster here and
 hold yourself in. You might start some-
 thing you couldn’t finish.”

    Good, sound advice.

 AT the foot of the hill the street
 i widened into a broad plaza. The
 cafe El Turaquil faced this plaza. There
 were hundreds, perhaps thousands of
 natives milling about in this plaza, shout-
 - ing frenetically. The three tourists hur-
 ried across to the cafe and pushed
 through the screen doors. The voices of
 those who had been screaming at them
 were drowned in the hubbub of the
 thronging plaza; nor did their perse-
 cutors follow them inside. The excite-
 ment of the mob appeared to have been
 too much for them.

    “Alio, pliz,” said a f it, greasy woman
  from across the bar. “You weesh one
  goddam good rum Brugal, yes ? One dol-
  lar so cheap for you, yes.”

    “No, madam,” insisted Professor Hast-
  ings. “We want beer. Cold beer.”
  “Beer? Yes, she ees cold. For one
  dol-far so cheap.”

   “Too much money. We don’t want to
 buy your bar. We on'y want a drink.”
 Professor Mayhew had said this, and he
 had said it bluntly, flatly, and with the
 frown of dignity. He was not going to
 be fleeced by these people.

    “I say one dol-lar. You no like, you
  go away,” said the patrona. Then she
  turned to a small group of men who were
  drinking at the bar and addressed them
  in spluttering Spanish. Almost as one,
  they turned and looked at the three
  Americans. Almost a;; one, they spoke
  in voluminous Spanish with proper ges-
  ticulations. What they said was not
  understood, but it was obvious that they
  considered the fat lady was justified in
  demanding one “dol-lar” for the beer,
  and that a refusal was an insult, possibly
  to the whole nation.

  “Come on, let’s go,” said Professor
Mayhew.

  “Oh, yes, let’s,” said Miss Brewster,
and the three turned toward the door.

  Hardly had they reached the door-sill
when bedlam broke out behind them.
The fat patrona, the clients—everyone in
the El Turaquil bar—began screaming.
The cries were taken up outside. Groups
broke away from the mob in the plaza
and turned their attention to the three
Americans, waving their arms, making
obscene gestures. They began crowding
close. They began reaching with their
hands. They began jostling and push-
ing and pawing the two professors and
the frightened Miss Brewster. And then
George Hastings, Professor of Middle
English at Midwestern, lost his temper.
Just as a scrawny little brown man, his
face working and twitching with inex-
plicable rage, reached out to clutch the
thin silk of Miss Brewster’s blouse, Pro-
fessor Hastings drove a strong left into
the native’s face. He whirled and
smacked another with his right. He
roared like a bull, unmindful of the dig-
nity of his Ph.D. degree:

  “Come on, you damned niggers! Come
on, you black scum ! ” And other more
violent expletives which he had not used
these fifteen or twenty years.

  There was a pause. Hastings, though
not young, was a big man, and looked
dangerous. But the native who had
fallen under the Professor’s left was
writhing into a crawling position, a long
knife in his hand. Miss Brewster saw it,
and screamed.

  Professor Mayhew kicked violently at
the fist that held the knife, and the blade
clattered. Other knives flashed. Miss
Brewster was sure that their last minute
had come. Hastings had torn off his
coat and was roaring at them, gone
berserk with righteous anger.

  Then, suddenly, it happened.

FROM across the plaza there sounded
a sharp spluttering. There were terri-
fied and agonized screams. The splutter-
ing was transformed into a long-drawn,
sardonic chattering. Machine-guns! Glass
broke behind the scared little group of
tourists. There were screams inside the
cafe.

  “On the ground!” cried Mayhew, and
threw himself flat. The others followed
suit.

  Chatter—chatter—chatter. The mob
howled and broke in terror. The door of
the cafe slammed. And in just a few
54

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

seconds the plaza was emptying in ter-
rible confusion.

  When the two professors were able to
clear their minds and to concentrate,
they found themselves surrounded by
little men in khaki uniforms. One of
these, apparently an officer, was speak-
ing rapidly in Spanish. Hastings stood
erect, very dirty and dusty. He pointed
to Mayhew, who was just getting to his
feet and said:

  “Americanos. We Americanos.”

  But even as he said this, it came to
him that his party was no longer com-
plete.

  “My God, Charley,” he cried. “Where’s
the girl ?”

  “She’s gone 1 ” echoed Charles May-
hew, Ph.D.

  Then the officer, in broken English,
was apologizing, was explaining, was
taking them by the arm and leading them
away. Useless to try and explain about
Miss Brewster. He understood nothing.
Firmly, if gently, they were led from the
square. A small detachment of troops
was thrown around them, and still re-
sisting, still protesting, still trying to re-
member the Spanish word for “woman,”
still bewildered at Miss Brewster’s dis-
appearance, they were led back across
the railroad tracks to the docks, and es-
corted to the very gangplank of the
Zaraza, whether they liked it or not.

  At the gangplank was a port officer
who did understand English. Both at
once, they told about Miss Brewster.
The officer seemed only slightly dis-
turbed.

  “Very unfortunate,” he said. “But
there is no cause to worry. Within one
hour there will be no revolutionaries
alive in San Lucas. Miss Brewster will
come to no harm, you may be sure.”
This fact he believed. And he instructed
the men to look for the young lady.

DURING the shooting, on the ground
with faces buried in their arms, the
professors had not seen a pair of brown
hands snatch Miss Brewster up. The
cries of the multitude had drowned her
scream for help. They had not seen her,
in the arms of a tall fellow, being car-
ried quickly up the threadlike street that
runs up toward the mountains, actually
winding its way to a market-place just
outside the town.

  Miss Brewster’s scream was paralyzed
by her sudden panic. She felt the great
strength of her captor, the power of his
legs as he ran with her. She could not

see his face, but she could see his feet as
her head dangled over his shoulder. She
had noticed that he wore shoes; and that,
she observed, was unusual in San Lucas.
It was useless to struggle, useless to
scream now. The man was clutching her
legs and straining as he ran. He ducked
into a narrow alley, crossed a tiny court-
yard and down into another narrow
street. Miss Brewster noted vaguely that
he had lost the fleeing crowd. No,
there was dhe man running behind them
—a tall, lean fellow in a dirty Panama
and dusty bare feet. She could still hear
the chatter of machine-guns.

THEN, right behind her, was an ex-
plosion. Her carrier stopped short.
He relaxed his hold, and she slipped to
the ground.

  Running steps pattered. A voice
snapped in crackling Spanish. Her cap-
tor, clutching his shoulder, stood para-
lyzed, murmuring: “Santa Madre de
Dios—”

  She sat there, bewildered. She saw a
tall, lean man in filthy whites, running,
and flourishing an automatic. His face
was rather haggard, but his eyes
twinkled.	«.

  “Okay, sister,” lie said in clear English.
“Sit tight while I frisk this bird.”

  Miss Brewster scarcely heard him. She
saw bare feet covered with dust. His
thin, white lean face was besmudged and
streaked with dirt. She heard the same
crisp voice again in Spanish, more quiet-
ly this time, a litt le ironically,

  “Hagame el javor de tener llevados los
manos, senor!” And the native’s hands
reached for the sky above him.

  This curious fellow grinned at Miss
Brewster. Then, covering him- with his
automatic, he walked over to the brown
native and felt his jacket. He removed
a revolver from cne pocket and a long
knife from his bel:.

  “Una costumbre americana, senor? he
said quietly. “An old American custom.”

  Then he jerked his thumb in the di-
rection of the back street with obvious
significance. The man hesitated, then
slouched away, finally breaking into a
run.

  “What the hell did you wear that
damned-fool costume for, sister? Where
in hell do you think you are—Palm
Beach?”

  Miss Brewster thought his voice was
strangely American, strangely familiar.
She replied, a little weakly:

  “I guess I was istupid—”
NO FLAME MORE FIERCE

55

           Amid howled imprecations the dignified, elderly Cavaldos was spat
           upon, dragged to the car and lashed by his legs to the rear axle.
56

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

  “Dumb, sister, dumb. If I hadn’t seen
you and your crowd down there in the
square, you’d be waiting for your ship to
buy you back again as soon as the fight
is over.”

  “Really?”

  “Yeah, really,” said this rude and dirty
thin man.

  “You mean he would have held me for
ransom?”

  “You get it, sister. Now take off that
damned rig-out and get into my pants.”

  “But—I can’t. I’ve nothing on.”

  “Jesus ! Forget your damned modesty.
You’re in a jam. Snappy, now!”

  As he spoke, he undid his belt, letting
his trousers drop to the ground. Then
he peeled off his loose, dirty jacket and
stood before her practically naked save
for a pair of shorts. In a daze, Miss
Brewster pulled on the trousers he held
out to her, and wrapped herself in his
white jacket.

  “Roll ’em up. Fix ’em any way, just
so’s you can run. Now grab this hat and
run, sister.”

  He pulled off his battered Panama and
revealed a head of close-cropped, straight
blond hair. Dirt covered his features;
but there was something about him—
What was it?

MISS BREWSTER allowed him to
pull his hat over her head. It fitted,
more or less. He held her off at arms-
length, peering at her.

  “You’ll do. You look like the devil,
but you’ll get away with it. Now you
run like hell down that street, see? You
take the first turn to the left and run to
the next street. You turn right there
and keep on running until you get to the
docks. You’ll find your boat at Pier
Five, about two hundred yards down the
shore. Climb aboard and stay there.
You’ll just make it before hell breaks
loose here. Now run!"

  Miss Brewster stood still.

  “Oh, I can’t tell you how thankful I
am—”

  “Nuts, lady. Shove off. Run! Get to
hell out of here!”

  She ran.

  He watched her disappear. He stood
there and grinned a little.

  “Poor little sap,” he said in English,
and then he too turned and ran quickly,
in another direction.

  Naked save for his shorts, the Lean
Man ran toward the center of town. He
stopped only long enough to rub hand-
fuls of dirt over his sweaty body. He

tucked his automatic into the binding of
his shorts, but in his hand he carried a
tiny camera that looked like a small
pistol.

  There was noise ahead of him. There
was the sound of shooting. There were
screams and the roaring of a multitude.
There was the chatter of machine-guns
and the slow crack-crack of a heavier
piece, or possibly several, from the
direction of the harbor.

THE American Development company
offices at San Lucas are impressive—
were impressive, is more accurate. They
were built of imported tile bricks and
contained two elevators, and they gave
on the broad square in front of the
market-place. President Alvardo, for
twenty-five years chief executive of the
country and all-powerful dictator of the
land, had cleared a fortune of two billion
bolivars or about sixty million dollars,
amassed enough pcwer to keep him with-
out rival as a perpetual president who,
by use of torture, armed forces and
bribery, could even dispense with elec-
tions, and had built a structure of frank,
undisguised racketeering that made A1
Capone and his crew seem like a bunch
of pikers—all through “arrangements”
with American companies. But in De-
cember the president had died. On that
day also died the structure of his power.
And the next day—the actual day of
which w'e write—all the stifled, tortured,
starving, groaning populace of the
country broke out like an overwhelming
tide, destroying every vestige of the re-
gime which had brought them such suf-
fering. On that day the symbol of
Alvardo treachery—the building of the
American development concession—wras
torn stone from stone, brick from brick.

  There was madness in the square. The
Lean Man felt it as he approached. Like
stalks of corn laid by a storm, bodies
were strewn on the cobbles. Some were
still writhing. Here and there was a
severed arm or leg or even a bloodied
head, shorn by insane machetes wielded
by blood-mad peons. Puffs of smoke,
sharp explosions from down by the bay,
were followed by little pellets of death in
the square as the former president’s
yacht—now a temporary gunboat—fired
small shells into the mob. But the
maddened swirl of brown men ignored
them.

  In his muddied shorts, naked from
waist to head, streaked with dirt, grimy
of foot, the Lean Man was unnoticeable
NO FLAME MORE FIERCE

57

in the seething mob. His gun clung
against his stomach, tight in the band of
his shorts. His little camera was clasped
in his hand. He pressed forward with
the mob, shouting their cries, calling their
calls, pretending to sing their weird
chants of half-savage defiance and tri-
umph.

  Forward he pressed into a tightly
massed knot across from the Cathedral.
A huge telephone-pole, weighing perhaps
a ton, was being lifted and swung by
hundreds of brown hands. The Lean
Man’s camera clicked.

  “Uno t”

 The mob about them took up the
count.

  “Dos!"

  The wielders of the pole swung back
on their feet, braced themselves.

  "Tres I”

 One hundred legs swung into mo-
tion in a crescendo of speed. The very
momentum of the pole’s weight threw
them forward, faster and faster. Twenty,
fifty, a hundred feet! 'Then with a sound
of a ripping, tearing explosion, the bat-
tering ram crashed into the brick wall of
the development company building, shat-
tering it, tearing a vast hole in it. Little
mad brown men, armed with axes and
sledges and machetes, poured into the
breach. A few scattered shots sounded
inside. Then screams. Windows crashed.
Live bodies were hurled to the pavement,
from two or three stories above, to be
trampled under the feet of the mob. In
ten minutes the building was a shambles.
... There is no flame more fierce than the
anger of a downtrodden people betrayed.

FIVE times the Lean Man’s tiny
camera had clicked—five impressions
of mob-madness registered on miniscule
glass squares.

  The scream of a klaxon horn sounded.

  Ai\ automobile roared into the square,
carrying the red flag of revolt. The
crowd gave way before it.**- A man in
tropical garb stood tp in the tonneau
and bellowed at the crowd, waving his
arms. The Lean Man listened to the
crackling Spanish.

  “People of Colivuela! Men of San
Lucas! The capital is taken. The
garrison has surrendered. The body of
the oppressor Alvardo has been dragged
through the city streets. I have a radio
message of the compete success of the
Revolution. Sevella’s governor has fled.
The people rule the city. Puerto Cabezas
is ours. Four gunboats seized by our men,

are on their way to San Lucas to de-
stroy the odious yacht of the oppressor
which is in this harbor. The day of free-
dom has dawned for us. The spirit of
Bolivar is leading us to victory!”

 The speaker was the man who had
kidnaped little Miss Brewster ! The Lean
Man wondered whose automobile he had
stolen. Things happen rapidly in those
hot, febrile countries. A prisoner yester-
day, a petty thief and would-be kidnaper
half an hour before, a public messenger
now. . . . He might be president, dic-
tator or even emperor tomorrow.

The little camera clicked once more.
“You men of Colivuela, you trodden
men who have felt the sting of Alvardo’s
whips, whose limbs have been crushed in
his torture machines—”

  The sonorous voice chanted on.

  “—let us destroy the friends of the op-
pressor. Let us break their houses as
you have broken this building, symbol of
his betrayal.”

  The mob roared.

DOWN the broad avenue that reaches
the length of the town, far down the
vista of palm trees, came another scream-
ing sound of a klaxon. A big American-
made truck was tearing toward the
square. Clusters of brown people packed
the truck, fairly dangling from its sides.
Brakes screamed. The truck skidded to
a halt, was swallowed by the masses. The
Lean Man could see four white people
huddling together in it. Hundreds of
hands snatched them to the pavement.
One, an elderly man with a dignified
white Van Dyke and mustachios, now
tinged with red blood, was dragged
to the center of the mob, amid howled
imprecations.

  The Lean Man recognized that face.
He had seen it in the newspapers. It
was Jose-Maria de Cavaldos, long min-
ister of State under the Alvardo regime.
He uttered no protest. He was spat up-
on. Dirt and filth were thrown upon
him. Hands dragged him to the car.
He was thrown to the ground, lashed by
his legs to the rear axle. And the car,
motor roaring venomously, dragged that
bruised, aged body around the square
while the multitude screamed its mad-
dened approval.

  The Lean Man’s camera clicked again.
He pushed his way toward the truck.
Two young men and a girl were standing
beside it, hemmed in by sweaty, ragged
brown natives. They had agor.y in their
faces. They watched their father’s slow,
58

NO FLAME MORE FIERCE

tortured death, dazed and unable to be-
lieve. The Lean Man worked his way
close to them. As he reached their guard,
the automobile of the mob leader had
stopped, and the crowd, all together,
surged forward to seize the limp, lifeless
form of Cavaldos from the dust. They
tore it loose from its lashings and car-
ried it to the Cathedral. They strung it
up and left it dangling, heal downward,
from a grotesque gargoyle that overhung
the great portal, while th? crowd yelled
insanely.

 Even the guard around the young
prisoners yelled their mad joy at this
spectacle. At this instant, the Lean Man
thrust his automatic into the hand of the
taller of the two young men, whispering
rapidly to him in Spanish:

“Your one chance. The ship Zaraza
sails in an hour. Make it if you can.’’
Then, clicking his camera once more,
he slipped away, down a side street and
was lost.

SIX bells on the Zaraza. Dinner-time.
The dining-salon was bustling with
conversation.

  “Really, I’ve never been so rudely
treated in my life,” Mrs. Denham was
saying. “It was bad enough not to get
us a car for the capital—but to force us
to stay in that stuffy office for two solid
hours!”

  “I shall certainly make a written com-
plaint to the Company in New York as
soon as we get home,” said Mr. Denham.
“Furthermore, I shall write to the State
Department about the way we were
treated. As an American citizen, I have
a right to full protection. We all have.
Imagine Miss Brewster being treated
like this, revolution or no revolution! ”
Said Professor Hastings:

  “I never saw such dirty, mean little
people. If the authorities hadn’t started
shooting just then we might have gotten
into serious trouble. All because they
wanted to make us pay a dollar for a
bottle of beer, too.”

  Said Professor Mayhew:

  “We’ll probably send a detachment of
Marines down here to protect the Ameri-
can investments.”

  Said Miss Brewster:

  “I can tell you, I was frightened. I
wonder where that fellow who rescued
me learned his English. He swore dread-
fully at me, too. And was I embar-
rassed when he made me get into his
clothes! Of all the experiences! ”

  Just then Mr. Knowles came into the
saloon, together with the radio operator.
He was dressed in his worn-looking
tweeds. He was, if possible, paler than
ever. His brown sun glasses gave him
the most stupid kind of an expression.
Said Maxie Ste n:

  “Howdy, Knowles! Now suppose you
tell us your experiences. I’ll bet you
didn’t even go ashore to see the fun.
Come on now, let’s have it.”

  There was a general grin at the tables.
Mr. Knowles spoke hesitatingly.
“Well,” he said “I did go ashore. I
got some of the loveliest postage stamps.
They’re really beautiful, you know, and
I’m a collector. But I thought perhaps
it wasn’t very safe to go farther than the
post office.”

  Postage stamps! The passengers, even
the German couple, nearly collapsed with
laughter at that. Captain Van Oot
winked at the First Officer, and they
both looked amused. Mr. Knowles
lowered himself into his seat and timidly
asked for the muffins. . . .

  At exactly that same hour in New
York, in the city room of the largest
news syndicate in America, there was
great excitement.

  Editor Jay Barbour, his hands full* of
flimsies a foot long, was shouting to
Acting City Editor Bill Brandt:

  “Good Lord, Bill, what a scoop! Old
Spig Knowles stepped right into the
middle of that Colivuelan mess. First-
person story—eyewitness. Three col-
umns and a running feature good for five
days. My God, bey, it’s the best break
of the year. Look at that! ”

  Brandt snatched the flimsies.

  “Saw ’em drag old Cavaldos’ body
around the street—”

  “Yeah, and he personally rescued Ca-
valdos’ kids—got 'em on the freighter
with him. Got their personal stories. Hid
’em in steerage.”

  “Yeah, and he says he’s got fifteen
photos. Sending rninny plates by air-
mail from Curasao Boy, it’s a wow!”
“Poor old Knowles,” commented Edi-
tor Barbour, reflectively. “That makes
a hell of a vacation cruise for him.”
“Doesn’t it, though?” agreed Brandt.
“But it feeds us with material for that
development company campaign.”

  And the Zaraza steamed quietly on
with its cruise under the bright, silent,
calm, starry skies of the South, carrying
City Editor Knowles to the end of his
calm, restful vacation.

Another of Fulton Grant’s brilliant stories will appear in «.n early issue.
^fead ‘Work

A lively tale of Tiny David
and the State police.

By Robert R. Mill

CAPTAIN FIELD, the commanding
officer of the Black Horse Troop
of the New York State Police,
drew a heavy line on a crude map.

  “Here is the Canadian border.”
“Right.” The word of assent came
from Lieutenant Edward David, who
stood peering oyer one of the shoulders
of the troop captain.

  “And here,” continued Captain Field,
making a dot north of the line, “is the
probable location of the loading station.”
This assertion was greeted with a pro-
found nod from Lieutenant James Crosby,
resplendent in the new uniform that de-
noted his advanced station in life, who
stood behind the other shoultler.

  “According to my information,” Cap-
tain Field went on, “the car will cross
the border on a dirt road, use the main
road to Plazy, and then swing to the east
on a dirt road, coming out on the main
road again south of Plantville.” He
drew the route on the map, and indi-
cated a spot on the dirt road. “That
should be the best spot to knock off the
car.”

  “Hear what they are running, sir?”
asked Lieutenant Crosby.

  “Opium,” answered Captain Field.
“Gum opium. Worth enough to pay the
salaries of two lieutenants for about
twenty years. And speaking of lieu-
tenants, it is about time several of them
did something to earn their salaries. So
it might be well not to have any slips on
this. Action, and not excuses, is what
we want tonight.”

  Mr. Crosby remained discreetly silent.
Lieutenant “Tiny” David, however, had
his usual objections to any plan that in-
volved work and responsibility.

  “I don’t know that country very well,”
he began.

  “Neither do I,” Crosby admitted.
Captain Field’s silence was ominous,
but. David ignored it.

  “Raining now. Be black as pitch to-
night. How are we to find that particu-
lar spot on the dirt road?”

  Captain Field added some detail to
the map.

  “Two miles south of Plazy,” he as-
serted. “You have an odometer on your
car. It is that dial with a lot of figures
on it, and a needle. I’ll get one of the
men in the garage to explain it to you.”
Tiny David sighed with resignation.

59
60

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

Illustrated by
Monte Crews

The wanted car was
speeding on its merry
way along a road that
ran parallel to the
one upon which \he
troopers were sta-
tioned—and a good
hundred yards away.

  “Yes sir,” he agreed despondently.
“According to my information,” Cap-
tain Field continued, “the car will start
south about midnight; but you better be
set some time before that.”

  Mr. David, with faultless logic, had
discovered the only loophole.

  “Maybe,” he offered hopefully, “the
information is phony. Maybe the car
won’t make the run tonight. Maybe
they gave us the tip to pull the patrols
over there so they can shoot the car
through another way. Maybe—”
“Maybe you’ll be with us tomorrow,”
interrupted Captain Field, “but I doubt
it. You won’t be if you come in with-
out that car. And that goes for you too,
Crosby.”

  They nodded gloomily, folded up the
map and departed.

THE evening was young when the
troop-car pulled away from the bar-
racks. Mr. David, a picture of pessi-
mism, was driving. Mr. Crosby, with a
face that would have done credit to an

undertaker, sat beside him. The back
seat was held down effectively by Ser-
geants Henry Linton and John King, who
protested against the weather, the com-
pany, the nature of the errand and
sundry other thin-js.

  Plazy is east of the barracks. The car
headed west.

  “Thought we were going to Plazy,” de-
murred Air. Linton.

  There was no answer from the front
seat.

  “Probably going via Rochester,” sug-
gested Mr. King. “Only takes us about
seven hundred miles out of our way.”

  This also went unanswered.

  “Guess he doesn’t speak English,”
Linton decided. “Well, he hasn’t been
in this country very long.”

  The rain was accompanied by a stiff
wind, which sen! the drops stinging
against their faces. They drew their
oilskins about them, and huddled to-
gether for warmth.

  They were twenty miles away from
the barracks, and the same mileage had
HEAD

been added to the distance from Plazy,
when the car came to a halt.

  “Hop out,” Lieutenant David ordered
the occupants of the rear seat. “Hop
out, and give a convincing imitation of
doing a lot of work. Make plenty of
noise about it. Yell to Jim and me
occasionally, so the customers will get
the idea there are a lot of us.” He
pointed at approaching headlights. “Here
comes some business now.”

  Sergeants Linton and King flagged the
car. The driver, apparently, shared their
thoughts regarding the procedure. He
was returning from a vacation in Canada,
and he was anxious to get back to his
loft in the garment-trade section.

  “This,” he remonstrated, “is a fine
pizness. A texpayer gets stopped by
dressed-up loafers what he pays. And I
am esking you, how vis I to know that
you aint two of these bandit-bums?”
Sergeant Linton examined registration
card and driver’s license in the glow from
his flashlight.

  The driver appealed to his wife on the
rear seat:

  “Rachel, look at the dressed-up loaf-
ers. Raincoats yet; what the texpayers
pay for! And we should pay for—”
“Hush, Morris!” came the counsel
from the rear.

  It was disregarded. The silence of the
two troopers gave the driver courage.
The tirade became personal abuse. It
was punctuated with profanity.

  “Hush, Morris!”

  A small boy sitting beside his mother
raised a plaintive wail.

BUT the driver continued the abuse.
Having exhausted the defects of the
two men, he turned his attention to their
families. And it was then that Linton’s
temper, already under considerable
strain, flared up.

  His hand grasped the driver by the
collar, and raised him from the seat.

  “Oy!” came the shrill cry from the
boy. “He steal da poppa!

  A guffaw from Sergeant King caused
Linton to relax his hold. His anger gave
way to amusement. The driver shared
that amusement.

  “Sorry,” Linton muttered. “But you
should be glad to see us out here on a
night like this.”

  “That’s right,” the driver admitted.
“It makes safeness from them bandit fel-
lows. Look, Rachel, at the nice officers.”
Sergeant King chuckled.

  “Go ahead,” he ordered.

WORK	61

  Their succeeding customers were; a
boy and a girl on their way to a dance;
a gentleman barely on the safe side of
being an intoxicated driver; a lady to
whom the ordeal could not have been
very trying, for she suggested prolong-
ing it at her home near by, from which
her husband would be absent for some
hours; a gentleman of color, who pro-
tested because, “You-all never does take
no black boys in your outfit, does you?”
and a farmer returning from market.

NOW Tiny David called a halt to the
proceedings.

  “Get in,” he ordered.

  Linton gazed at him sadly.

  “Tiny,”—he called his superior officer
by the nickname,—“there are times when
I think you aren’t quite right in the head.
Other times, I am sure of it. This is one
of those times.”

Lieutenant David deigned to explain:
“Word travels fast sometimes. Want
word to get around that a lot of us are
working in this neck of the woods. Now
we’ll beat it for Plazy.”

  Lieutenant Crosby turned half around
to add a footnote.

  “Sergeants,” he declared, with heavy
dignity, “don’t think of little things like
that. Lieutenants do. That’s why they
are lieutenants.”

  Mr. Linton snorted loudly.

  “The only thing you have done so far
is sit. If we had a sandbag in your
place, the car would ride better.” He
appealed to his companion. “What is
the trade-in value on a new lieutenant,
Jack?”

  Mr. King pondered.

  “The only thing you can figure on,”
he declared, “is the nuisance value.”

  The long drive was enlivened by a
two-mouthed discussion, during which
Messrs. Linton and King weighed the
qualifications of Crosby for the position
he held, commented freely on his con-
duct since assuming that office, speculat-
ed at length upon his probable tenure
of office. And after differing on several
minor issues, they agreed that Captain
Field must have been in a state closely
akin to senile decay when he recom-
mended Crosby for a commission; that
the few human qualities Crosby ever
possessed had departed upon his pro-
motion; and that the first of the month
—then eight days distant-—would find
him again a sergeant, or—this was more
probable—no longer a member of the
■Rlack Horse Troop.
62

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

  All this was settled to the satisfaction
of the rear seat only when the lights of
Plazy appeared in the distance. Tiny
David was guiding the car around the
village when Crosby made his first
contribution:

  “Naturally, you boys will want to be
around to watch your prophecies come
true. When I make out the stable-list
Monday, I’ll see that you both are on it.
Nobody can say I forget old friends.”
The purr of the motor, the rattle of
the rain, the whistle of the wind, but no
conversation from the rear seat featured
the progress of the car as Tiny David
headed south on the dirt road. Two
miles beyond the village he stopped.

  “Black as a lieutenant’s heart,” de-
clared Crosby.

IT was indeed dark, an inky blackness
that made the trees on both sides of
the road indistinguishable daubs.

  “No lights,” warned Tiny David, who
had switched off the headlights.

  They groped about in the dark until
they found a patch of smooth grass at
the side of the road, upon which they
backed the troop-car, which was headed
south.

  “Now we will get organized,” Tiny
David declared. “King, you stay in the
car. Keep the motor running. Linny,
feel your way about three hundred feet
back on this road. Sing out when you
are in position. Jim, you get set about
two hundred feet this side of Linny.
I’ll be here, not far from the car.”

  He added a warning:

  “This is strange country to all of us.
When you get to your station, paw
around and make sure you are on solid
ground.”

  They voiced their assent.

  “When, and if, the car appears,” Tiny
David continued, “Linton will flag it.
It is a safe bet they won’t stop. Take
to the ditch in plenty of time. Jim, you
get next smack at it. Remember where
the ditch is; you probably will need it.
I bat next. And if there is any shooting
to be done, I’ll do it. Understand?”
They admitted they did.

  “If you have to jump, follow regular
procedure. Pick yourself up, and run
to the chase-car, so we can get after them
quickly. And one more thing: hug the
shadows so his headlights won’t pick you
up in time for him to turn around and
beat it back where he came from. Guess
that’s all. But don’t try to think. I’ll
do that for the party.”

  They started out for their stations,
making pertinent remarks regarding
northern New York weather.

  “Okay!” came the call from Linton.
Crosby repeated it.

  “Right!” shouted Tiny David.

  They stood silently at their several
positions, straining forward in an effort
to pierce the gloom. Their eyes found
nothing to relieve the blackness. Traffic
upon the dirt road was non-existent.

  An hour passed. It seemed an age.
Over his shoulder Tiny David could hear
the low purr of the motor as it turned
over at idling speed. All other noises
were contributed by nature. And as the
night dragged along, the temperature
dropped. They pulled the collars of
their oilskins abaut their necksy and
longed for their sheepskins.

  Then, so low that it was hardly
audible, there came a whining noise from
the north. It grew in volume. Soon it
was possible to distinguish it as the
noise of a motor being driven at top
speed. The engine of the troop-car sput-
tered, and then settled into a monotonous
hum as Sergeant King speeded it up,
preparatory to the expected chase.

  Three men, separated from each other
by spaces of inky darkness, went through
motions that were almost identical. They
tightened their gun-belts. The left
hand of each man was thrust into the
pocket of his oilskins, from which it
emerged clasping a flashlight. Then,
with muscles tense, they waited.

  The whine of the approaching motor
became a roar. The car was hidden
from them by a hill, the top of which,
veiled by the darkness, loomed before
them.

  There was no doubt in their minds
but that this was their quarry. The
reckless speed at which the approaching
car was being driven argued that its
occupants were on an illegitimate er-
rand. Their very presence on this out-
of-the-way road screamed aloud the fact
that something was amiss.

THE hearts of the troopers beat a little
faster. Forgotten was the grumbling.
The rain and cold mattered not at all.
Human pygmies prepared to test their
strength against a rushing monster of
steel: wasps about to attack an elephant.
Perhaps they hac a fleeting thought for
a tablet that besrs the names of other
men in gray, who once attempted what
they were about to do, and with results
that were not pleasant. They pushed
HEAD WORK

63

The girl laughed. “What's a mere cus-
tomhouse among frienis?” she asked.

that thought aside. This was action;
and they loved it.

  Two shafts of light, struggling in the
moist darkness, shot over the crest of
the hill. The shafts of light leveled off.
They were deflected downward. They
became more brilliant as they ap-
proached.

  Linton deserted the shadows at the
side of the road and started forward.
He walked warily, taking care not to al-
low his form to loom in the direct path
of the lights.

  And then it happened!

  The two shafts of light veered to the
left. Instead of continuing south to-
ward the troopers, they raced toward
the west. Then—it seemed almost at
once, to the troopers—the lights swung
around again, heading south. And the
wanted car was speeding on its merry
way along a road that ran parallel to
the one upon which the troopers were
stationed—and a good hundred yards
away.

  There was no time for orders. None
were needed.

  Crosby and Linton raced across a dark
field, hoping to corns out on the other
road before the car had passed.

  Crosby made it first. His flashlight
threw out a warning. He shouted the
command:

  “Halt! State police!”

  He drew himself up abruptly as he
realized the ray of light and the com-

mand both were directed at the rear of a
speeding car, the driver of which was
completely unaware of his presence.

  Linton fared the same.

  He and Crosby met, swore softly, and
then raced back to where the chase-car
had been stationed.

  Meanwhile, Messrs. David and King
had done what they rightly considered
some smart thinking. As David piled
into the car, King headed south. This
road, they reasoned, probably had a con-
nection with the other road to the south,
as well as the one to the north, over
which the dope car had traveled. Fur-
thermore, if they headed north to the
other detour, they would have a stern
chase, and a hopeless chase.

  All of which was excellent reasoning.
Knowledge of that fact consoled them as
they raced southward. But their logic
had one fault. They realized that as
they pulled to an abrupt halt, just in
time to avoid striking a barn, which
was located where the road ended.

 So Messrs. David and King swore
softly, turned the car around, and re-
traced their steps. They were joined by
Messrs. Crosby and Linton. The con-
versation was at least spirited.

  Mr. Linton suggested continuing the
chase. Mr. David vetoed the suggestion,
pointing out that the car had a lead it
would be impossible to overcome.

  At this point some bitterness crept
into the dialogue:
64

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

  Mr. King: “I was ordered not to do
any thinking. Otherwise, I would have
pointed out that we might have im-
proved the shining hours by making sure
we were on the right road, and looking
for crossroads and detours.”

  Mr. Crosby: “Point that out when
the Skipper holds the autopsy. It may
save you your stripes and your job.”
Mr. King : “I didn’t get my job or my
stripes by pointing things out, and I
don’t have to hold them that way.”

  Mr. Crosby : “Let’s pretend I didn’t
say that, Jack. I am sorry.”

  Mr. King: “Forget it, Jim.”

  Mr. David: “Let’s pretend one of us
has a bright thought.”

  Mr. Linton : “Now that the best
minds have nothing to offer, how about
getting to a telephone and putting a
general alarm on the teletype? A patrol
down the line might pick that baby up.”
Mr. David: “Ever see an advertise-
ment in a newspaper that read like this?
‘I am incompetent. I have muffed my
job. I wish somebody else would do it
for me.’ ”

  Mr. Linton : “I can’t recall ever read-
ing anything just like that.”

  Mr. David: “What you suggested
would be the same thing.”

  Mr. Linton : “I am going up and
have a look at that corner. I want to
see how we got switched to a private
road.”

  Mr. King: “Save some of the mud.
You can show it to your grandchildren
some day; tell them it came from the
corner that cost Grandpappy his job.”
Mr. Crosby: “Personally, I have no
desire to look at the road. I know it is
there. The fact that a dope car went
over it at eighty miles an hour proves
that it is there. I am quick like that.”
Mr. King: “The Old Man is quick,
too.”

  Mr. Crosby: “Right. You birds were
wrong when you said I would be all
washed up by the first of the month. It
will happen tomorrow—today, rather.
The Skipper promised it to Tiny and me
if anything like this happened. Maybe
you two lesser items will get off with
semi-permanent assignments to the
stables. After all, we were supposed to
be doing your thinking for you. As we
will point out.”

  “All right,” said Tiny David. His
voice was gruff. “Can the inquest.” He
made a mental reservation that full
blame for the proceedings would rest on
the shoulders of one Lieutenant Edward

David, and nowhere else. “Let’s get
organized. Speaking as a committee of
one, I don’t yearn to go in and report
how stupid we were. Furthermore, I
don’t subscribe to telling the Old Man
we didn’t see the car. We might get
away with it, but I like to be able to
look at myself when I shave in the
mornings.”

  They gave ready assent.

  “And thatj’ Tiny David declared,
“brings us right back to the old stand.
Just what is our story? If anybody has
a thought, let the little stranger in. There
are witnesses.”

  Apparently no thoughts were knocking
for admission.

  “What do you suggest, Tiny?” asked
Crosby.

  “We might get on a boat and go to
China.”

“Not far enough,” Linton objected.
“Any law against us getting a cup of
coffee?” asked Crosby. “They always
let the condemned nan select what he
wants for his last dinner.”

   They were seated in the car, and about
to start for Plazy, when a second pair of
headlights appeared to the north. These
HEAD WORK

65

“We pretended to swallow the story,”
said Tiny David; and he stifled a yawn.

%

lights moved slowly. They were barely
making headway through the rain.

  Tiny David groaned.

  “Might as well go through the mo-
tions. Come on.”

  Their cry, “Halt—State Police!” was
answered at once. The car pulled to the
side of the road and stopped.

  Tiny David, flashlight in hand, ad-
vanced. “Hello, there.”

  He threw open the door of the car,
and the light revealed the occupants of
the front seat. A young man, smartly
dressed, was at the wheel. A stunning-
looking girl sat very close to the driver.

  “Streamlined,” was the softly spoken
comment of Mr. Crosby, who stood be-
hind the man with the flashlight.

  “What’s the big idea?” Tiny David
asked.

The youth appeared to be overcome
with embarrassment, but the girl giggled.

  “It sounds foolish now,” she admitted,
“but at the time it seemed like a swell
idea. We were at a party. We didn’t
want to go home. So we went for a ride.”
Tiny David stepped to the front of
the car, and then returned.

  “Canadian license,” he muttered. “How
did you get through the Customs ? They
close at midnight.”

  The girl laughed again.

  “What’s a mere customhouse among
friends?” she asked. “We’ll be back
before they are open. We are just going
to Plantville to get a bite to eat.”

  Tiny David shook his head.

  “Bad business. Confiscate your car,
if they catch you. And you never know
what you will run into. Just to show
you, a dope-car shot through here not so
long ago.”

The girl’s eyes widened. “Really?”
“Yes, really. Suppose you had been
mixed up in an accident with it, and
couldn’t show any clearance-papers to
enter this country?”

  The girl nodded soberly.

  “It wasn’t such a bright idea,” she id-
mitted. “Home for us—eh, Victor?”
Tiny David chuckled.

  “I’m no killjoy,” he asserted. “But
let’s make it regular. Tell you what
we’ll do: I’ll ride back with you to the
border. We will wake them up—they
are friends of mine—and get you cleared
properly. After that, let your conscience
guide you. And the night is young.”
“That’s swell,” the girl declared. “But
it makes a lot of trouble for you.”

  “Costs me nothing but time,” Tiny
David objected. “Have lots of that.
66	THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

Expect to have even more later.” He
turned to his companions. “Wait here
for me. Won’t be gone long.”

  He walked toward the rear door of the
car, ready to enter. The voice of the
girl halted him. It was soft, musical
and enticing.

  “Plenty of room here beside me. But
perhaps you would rather be alone.”
Tiny David grinned.

  “I can’t think of anything nicer,” he
declared, as he crowded in beside the
girl. . . .

  It was a short run to the border. A
sleepy Canadian official protested at first,
and then agreed to clear the car, as a
favor to Tiny David. The Lieutenant
handed the paper to the driver.

  “That means you are all through with
us ?” the trooper asked.

  The official nodded.

 Tiny David walked south to the
American customs. His call soon aroused
an official, and the lights on the porch
were snapped on. The American official
who appeared was less inclined to be
agreeable. He yielded under the running
fire of Tiny David’s comments.

  The car pulled up beside the trooper.
“Now,” said Tiny David, “if you will
run me back to my gang, you two can
be on your merry way. Much nicer to
know you are on the right side of the
law, isn’t it?”

  The girl moved over to make room be-
side her. The light from the porch of
the customhouse illuminated the rear of
the car. Tiny David leaned over and
apparently picked up something from the
road.

  “That’s funny,” he said. His deep
chuckle was contagious. “Step out here
a minute, you two; I want to show you
something.”

ON the running-board of the police-
car sat Crosby, King and Linton,
wrapped in gloom as dark as the night.

  “Fixing up those dimwits,” declared
Mr. Crosby, “is my idea of the last
straw. I would have taken them in as
an alibi. That would prove we had at
least been here.”

Silence greeted this announcement.
“Tiny,” continued Mr. Crosby, “drives
off in a closed car, sitting next to a
slinky-looking dame, and leaves us out
in the rain. Fine’—”

  “Shut up!” growled King. “It helps
kill time, doesn’t it ? And the more time
we kill, the longer it will be before we
get our chance to stand on a carpet and

tell all, as the newspapers so quaintly
say.”

  They killed more time. The first
traces of a cloudy dawn banished the
inky blackness. The rain abated. There
was no sign of Tiny David and his
wards, but a car approached from the
south.

  They turned, and watched it draw
near. Mr. Linton made the discovery.

  “Mrs. Linton ! ” he moaned. “Watch
over your ernng son! That’s the Skip-
per’s car! ”

  Quickly they scrambled to their feet.
It was an abashed trio that greeted the
commanding officer of the Black Horse
Troop as he stepped from his car. Be-
hind him, making signs that this was an
occasion upon which no levity would be
tolerated—signs for which there was not
the slightest need—came Max Payton,
the top sergeant.

CROSBY, the obligations of rank
heavy upon him, stepped forward a
little to bear the lull brunt of the ex-
pected onslaught.

  “How is it going?”

  “Fair, Captain.”

  “Any luck?”

  “Not so much lurk, Captain.”
  “Humph!”

  There was a heavy, poignant silence.
  “Where is Lieutenant David?”

  “He should be back any minute, Cap-
tain.”

  They saw the old familiar signs—
signs they had witnessed ever so often,
and signs which always foretold trouble
for the persons who watched them. Cap-
tain Field’s face flushed. His arms be-
gan to swing. He paced up and down,
then halted before Lieutenant Crosby.

  “Can you answer one question intelli-
gently?”

  “I think so, Captain.”

  “Don’t tell me that,” snapped Captain
Field. “You can’t think. I send you
four nitwits out here to stop one car.
And what happens. I’ll tell you—”

  He halted abruptly as a sedan, ap-
proaching from the north, pulled to a
halt beside him. The rear door opened.
Tiny David climbed slowly out. He
saluted as he saw Captain Field. That
operation completed, he yawned.
“Morning, Captain.”

  The silence that followed the greet-
ing was ominous.

  “Weather seems clearing up a bit.”
Captain Field, they gathered, was not
interested in the weather.
HEAD WORK

67

  Tiny David cast about for a safe topic
of conversation.

  “Haven’t seen a morning paper, have
you, Captain ? Murder trial out in Den-
ver that I am following. They summed
up yesterday, and—”

THE long-delayed explosion shook the
earth. It started with a picturesque
account of the deficiencies, mental and
physical, of four men. It continued with
a list of their transgressions. It included
an announcement regarding their futures.
It concluded with the indictment:

  “Sent out to get a car. . . . Told where
to go. . . . Told what time it was due.
. . . Three of you asleep. . . . Other one
riding around with a girl. . . . Car runs

right through you----Driver didn’t even

see you. . . . We pick him up five miles
south of Plantville. . . Car empty then.
. . . Probably unloaded after he made
monkeys out of you.”

  Captain Field paussd for breath. The
faces of Crosby, King and Linton were
studies in dismay. Payton silently con-
veyed his sympathy. Tiny David regis-
tered polite interest.

  “Was the Captain referring to that
pilot-car ?”

  Captain Field wheeled upon him.
  “Was I referring to what?”

  Tiny David sighed. All this, his man-
ner indicated, was quite a chore, but he
would attack it boldly.

  “The pilot-car, Captain. Went through
here like a bat out oi hell. But we didn’t
bite on it. We figured he was empty.”
“Indeed!” There was a wealth of sar-
casm in that single word, but apparently
it was wasted.

  “No, Captain; we stood back in the
shadows and kissed our fingers at him.
He figured this road was clear. He
stopped in Plantville, and put in a tele-
phone-call to the guy driving the car
with the load. Glad you knocked off the
pilot-car, Captain. That’s what I call
real cooperation.”

  He jerked a thumb toward the sedan.
“Soon as they got the word, this crowd
started through. Smart people. Clean-
looking fellow. Swell girl. Drive slow,
so they won’t attract attention. Have a
good story all read}/.”

  He gave up his struggle against the
weariness that assailed him, and sank to
the running-board o: the dope-car.

  “So sure of themselves that they don’t
even try to beat it when I flag them.
We pretended to swallow the story, and I

rode back with them to clea’ the car at
the Customs. . . . Went alone so they
wouldn’t think we suspected anything.

  “They were agreeable enough. Got
them straight with Canada. Did that so
they won’t be able to claim the load.
Fixed them up with our side of the line.
That gives us clear title to the haul.”

  He laughed softly.

  “Sort of a lowdown trick on those
boys at the Customs. They didn’t give
the car the once-over because they saw
I was in it, and they figured it must be
okay. Well, we owe them that for some
other deals they pulled on us.”

  He stifled a yawn, and continued:

  “Two prisoners, Captain. Nice people.
Girl with finishing-school looks and
voice. Plenty of what Mae West uses.
Boy with best university club manner.
Nice haul, I call it.

  “Car loaded with gum opium. Stuffed
under the back seat and in the trunk on
the rear. Big consignment. So sure of
themselves they even carried part of the
load open on the floor of the back com-
partment.”

  The yawn was repeated.

  “We were just getting ready to run
them to Plantville and book them when
the Captain drove up. All right if we go
ahead, sir?”

  Captain Field’s eyes were twinkling.

  “Yes.” He walked toward his car,
accompanied by Sergeant Payton.

LIEUTENANT CROSBY moved close
j to Tiny David.

  “When did you tumble to it, Tiny?”
he whispered.

  Tiny David spoke without moving his
lips:

  “Thought it was funny she went to so
much trouble to vamp me and get me in
the front seat. Wasn’t sure, but when
she pulled it again up at the line, I knew
something was funny. Then the light
flashed on those tins on the back floor
and I was sure.”

  Captain Field leaned from his car,
and motioned to Tiny David. The big
man walked to his side.

  “Where did you pick up the horseshoe,
Tiny?”

  An injured expression crossed Tiny
David’s face.

  “I didn’t have a horseshoe, Captain.
Didn’t need it.” His thumb indicated
his companions. “This is a smart patrol.
Use their heads every minute. Head-
work gets you more than horseshoes.”

Another of Robert Mill’s inimitable stories will appear in our next issue.
<iArMS and <JYCEN

By H. Bedford-Jones

CAPTAIN BILL WILLIAMS lives
down at San Pedro, that haven of
retired ocean skippers. He dropped
in to see me the other night, bringing
along a package, a suitcase, and his trim
little Swiss wife. Bill is husky, red-
haired, looks like a bruiser—and has the
biggest heart that ever took a sailing-
ship around the Horn.

  “You need help, mister,” he said after
the secopd drink, “and I’ve come to the
rescue. These stories of yours in Blue
Book, about significant weapons that
have guided the world’s history, have
passed up some good bets. You need a
Naval Reserve officer like me to chart
your course. Now, here’s a weapon that
affected history, commerce, navigation,
exploration and everything else.”

  He opened up his package to disclose
a ship model. Not a highly varnished
model of imitation sails and gimcracks,
but a dingy, honest, ugly creature bat-
tered by time and circumstance.

  I looked at it and shook my head.
“Sorry, Bill. You mean well; but a
ship isn’t a weapon.”

 “Yeah? The blind man says the
elephant is a flea,” commented Bill cheer-
fully. “A horse, a catapult, a battering-
ram, all are weapons. Troy was taken
by a wooden horse. An airplane or tank
is a weapon, like a submarine. The
Viking ship was a weapon that scourged
the world.”

  “You could extend the theory to earth-
quakes or financial systems,” I said.

  “As the Emperor of Abyssinia tried
to do,” commented Bill, and touched the
old ship model before him. Two masts,
a long, low hull. “The battle of Lepanto,
which crushed the Turkish sea-power
forever, was fought with oared galleys.
And that finished oared ships. Some-
thing new developed that killed ’em for-
ever. This was it.”

  “A sailing-ship?” I looked at the mod-
el. She had a huge spread of canvas,
with auxiliary oars. “Nothing new here,
Bill. Ships always had sails.”
“Nothing’s ever new; it’s the applica-
tion,” he rejoined. “It’s the human and

individual element that’s novel. A man,
a woman, this ship—and the course of
history was ftintrolled by them for two
hundred years. A very definite weapon,
this. A weapon of hatred, love, terror.
A weapon with a story.”

  “Where’s the story?” I demanded
skeptically. Bill Williams waved his
hand at the suitcise he had fetched
along; it contained a lot of books.

  “It’s there. But wait, feller! You’ve
been to Morocco?”

  “Four years ago.”

  “Uh-huh.” And Bill nodded solemnly.
“Well, I got this ship model from a guy
in Rabat; he had stolen it out of a place
in the town across the river—Sale, where
the Sallee Rovers came from. My ship
had come up from Senegal, and the en-
gines went bust, arid we laid a month
in that rotten little river.”	*

  He paused to give his wife an affec-
tionate grin.

  “Marie got the story for me; those
books are French. I don’t savvy them,
but she does. She’s marked the refer-
ences for you. Since the French took
over Morocco they’ve dug some queer
things out of its history. One of those
books has photostats of a letter from the
Sultan of Morocco to James II, offering
to put him back on the English throne
if he’d become a Mohammedan. And
more important, the yarn of Simon Dan-
ser.”

  “Never heard of him,” I said.

  “You will. Some say he was a Hol-
lander named Jensen ; but the other name
fits better. Well, look at those Sallee
Rovers; they came from Spain, from the
town of Hornachos. These Hornacheros
were kicked out in 1608—an unruly,
factious, turbulent tribe. They settled
at Sale, vowing eternal hatred to all
Spaniards. The pres<;nt-day Rabat—you
know the place. There were a lot of
renegades in Morocco then, one whole
province being occupied by them; and
this Simon Danser was a seaman from
Flanders who had made himself solid.
You can appreciate the story better, of
course, knowing the scene—”

68
Through this

     story “The Sal-
lee Rover” you live
through a terrific
adventure in the
company of desper-
ate men—and watch
another step in the
development of arms
that recognizes a
ship as a weapon.

 Illustrated by
 John Clymer

Rais Mami raced to take
charge. His guns began to
speak; but two of the ships
had come close enough to
fling grapnels. From thisir
hatches poured up swarms
of men; his ship was grep*
pledt boarded.

  Did I know the scene ? I knew every
inch of it, had taken movies of it, had
dreamed along its ruins and battlements.
The huge cliff on one side of the river-
mouth, the cliff overhanging the sea,
with its enormous gun-platform on top,
the massive ruins of the citadel all
around. Across the river lay the old
town of Sale, founded by the Romans as
Sala Colonia. The dark river ran up be-
tween the two towns to that glorious
Tower of Hassan, built by the architect
of the Giralda in Seville, merely the
minaret of a mosque that h&d vanished.
City after city had vanished in this
place, leaving each some incredible me-
mento, and naught beside.

  A tough gang, those Hornacheros, bred
to brigandage. They occupied the town
surrounding the citadel on the great
rock, and getting together a few oared
galleys, began to raid the coasts of Spain
by way of revenge for their expulsion.
Their small galleys could not breast the
Atlantic surges nor meet large ships, yet
the Hornacheros would fight anyone and

everyone. By 1624 they were a power
in the land, giving the Sultan a tenth of
all loot and of their Christian slaves.

SO comes Simon Danser, or Rais Ma-
mi as he was known in Islam, cross-
ing the bar at high tide and sailing into
the river with a thunder of joyful guns
—his own galley, shattered and smashed,
towed astern of a two-hundred-ton Span-
ish ship.

  He brought her to anchor, and the
boats and barges came forth; the slaves
and the plunder began to flow ashore.
The Hornacheros, dark grim men, wel-
comed him as a son. Caid Mustapha,
who ruled Sale for the Sultan, stepped
aboard the Spanish ship with his swag-
gering negroid soldiers, and greeted Rais
Mami.

69
70	THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

  A man still young was the renegade
Fleming, a ruddy-haired man, alive with
vigor and energy. With him, unveiled
in the fashion of the Spanish Moors, was
a girl who was like a flame: a captive,
Almira by name, but joyous in her cap-
tivity. Rais Mami took her hand, kissed
it in knightly fashion, and presented her
to the Caid.

  “My plunder, Cai'd Mustapha, with
the blessing of Allah!” he said proudly.
“She is my share of this booty—I claim
no more.”

  Caid Mustapha, however, took one
look at the girl and praised Allah aloud.

  “Seek some other,” he said carelessly.
“By the beard of the Prophet, this girl
is for Sultan Zidan alone! She shall go
into the quarters of the women in the
citadel, until the next caravan is ready
to take her to Fez.”

  “What?” cried Rais Mami in hot an-
ger. He tore off his tunic, to show a
bloody scarf about his chest. “Look
you, Caid Mustapha! I bought this
woman with my own blood; I took her
from a Spanish town, from the midst—”
“Peace,” said the Caid, with a sign to
his guards. “It is the law that one
tenth of all spoil goes to the Sultan, and
that his tenth shall be the first chosen.
Seek another woman, I tell you—unless
ou choose to sit upon a stake. You
rigands from Hornachos are lucky to
have this haven of refuge.”

  Rais Mami slipped out sword, in a
fury of passion, but the bandage came
from his wound, there was a rush of
blood, and he fell fainting. When he re-
covered, the Caid was gone, and Almira
with him, and the matter was closed.
From this situation arose history. . . .
True, Rais Mami went to the citadel
and had audience with Caid Mustapha,
and came near to his death there. For
his insolence he was barred from the
citadel, and being a renegade, was put
under close surveillance, although not
molested. He was a renegade and not
one of the Hornacheros, but they had
taken him into their number and made
much of him. They did not relish the
treatment given him, nor the scorn in
which the Caid held them; they them-
selves did not love these Moroccans, by
a good deal.

  Time passed, and Almira remained in
the citadel, since no caravan could leave
for Fez until the rains were over. Rais
Mami went much about the town, brood-
ing, talking with the Hornacheros, talk-
ing with the Flemings and English, the

“Peace!” said the Caid.

Dutch and the Genoese. This was the
twilight of Morocco’s golden age, when
consuls and traders, of half Christendom
gathered there and welcome; and Rais
Mami the renegade could talk with them
all in their own tongues. Morocco hated
the Spaniards, but hated no other Chris-
tians in that day.	t

  Nursing his wound, Rais Mami spent
much time in the shipyard up the river.
The captured Spanish ship was turned
over to him, and he put men to work up-
on her; he was busy with the Dutch
merchants, with renegades, with captive
seamen; and he carried about with him
the little model of a ship he had con-
trived, patterned al ter the Spanish ship
which he was remodeling.

  That he was deeply in love with Al-
mira, that she returned his affection, was
no secret; it was, ndeed, something of
a joke among the Moors, whose jests are
cruel. . . . Rais Mami, however, never
opened his mouth on the matter, but if
by chance his gaze fell upon Caid Mus-
tapha, his bronzed features whitened and
a glitter came into his eyes. He could
gain no access to the citadel, nor to Al-
mira; but sometimes he could catch
sight of her. Not even the heavy cloak-
ing garb and veil of Moroccan women
could disguise her figure or her fine free
walk.

   She would come into the Street of the
Consuls, leading from the tremendous
square gate of the; citadel, and pass
among the slaves who were marketed in
this street—but so well guarded with
naked blades that any approach would
have been vain. Evidently the Caid
ARMS AND MEN

71

“This girl is for Sultan Zidan. Seek another woman, I tell you!”

humored her in this notion of hers; she
had a great pity for these slaves, and
being both Moor and Goth in blood,
could give them money and kind words.

  Fire-flame as she was, it was all for
softer, gentler things in this land of white
sun and red blood. She loved the fierce
quick race of hissing waves, the straining
lift of a ship in storm, the life of little
men encompassed on ship’s deck by wide
horizons; but for hurt folk, or those suf-
fering in chains, she had only a pity as
flaming as her hot love.

  And Rais Mami, remembering all these
things of her, knowing for what inland
hell she was destined, writhed in agony
and bit his lips to blood.

  The work on his ship went apace,
though he was not too often watching it.

He spent much time in the lovely deep
gardens of old Sale, idling with the ship-
model he had contrivixl, while the great
water-wheels creaked. The people of
this white town over the river liked him;
they had no love for the fierce wolfish
Hornacheros. The city was one of ar-
tisans, and Rais Mami picked out cer-
tain men to work in the shipyard, and
they were glad. The Fleming had a way
with him, and was able to lead, not drive.

  Often he went to the flat top of the
Tower of Hassan, whence was outspread
a view of all the countryside, the towns
and gardens, the glittering sea beyond.

Here he would work much on his ship-
model also. He had his own quarters in
the town below the citadel but not
among the Hornacheros; he did not see
them frequently, for it was no secret that
he was being watchec .

  It was at this time that Rais Mami
arranged for a flare to be placed on the
ancient tower. He discovered that this
high point was visible from various an-
gles outside the bar, and after consulting
with the captains of galleys, established
a light from the tower as a night-guide
to any galleys seeking to cross the bar
and enter the river.

  “When does the caravan of the Sultan
depart?” he asked, as he sat one day in
the mosque with grim old Abd el Hak,
the one-eyed, a chief among the Horna-
cheros.

  “In five days, my son; so great is the
booty that more camels are needed.”

  “A pity it should go to the Sultan,”
said Rais Mami darkly. “And some of
it will not go. I sent a message to one
of the captives this morning.”

  “Aye,” said the old veteran. “By a
woman. She was slain an hour ago; the
message was not delivered. The Cai'd
Mustapha talks of punishing your inso-
lence.”

  Rais Mami looked at him with blood-
shot eyes.

  “In the name of Allah! Shall I tell
you the truth? I am in love with that
woman. She loves me.”

  “God alone knows all things, my son,”
said Abd el Hak, exploring his gray
beard. “One woman is like another.
When I was a young man, in Estrama-
dura—”

  “You are an old man in Sale,” broke
in Rais Mami fiercely. “The Sultan is
far away, a weak man, his power waning.
Here is an impregnable place; tonight,
if you will listen, I’ll tell you how to
72

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

gain greater wealth than the Sultan has,
and more power.”

  “Allah upon you!” exclaimed the
other hastily. “Speak not such words
here, where every brick is a spy! You
yourself are under suspicion. The Cai'd
has men watching you.”

  Rais Mami laughed shortly. “Right.
I’ll speak my mind tonight, among the
dead. Bring with you the chiefs of the
Hornacheros. It is Friday. The women
will be going to pray at the tombs of the
old Sultans. In the big hall of the
guard inside the Chella gateway are no
spies, save the dead. An hour before
sunset. Yes or no?”

  Abd el Hak fingered his beard, the
one grim eye glittering. True, the women
would be flocking away to pray at the
tombs and gossip. No one would think
anything of it if men were among them.
He nodded.

  “May Allah further the event, my son.
We meet you there.”

  Rais Mami rose and departed from the
mosque. Outside, he went to the plat-
form at the seaward verge of the great
rock, where cannon were mounted. He
looked up at the massive battlements of
the citadel. Somewhere there, safely
tended, was Almira—destined for the
Sultan, as far from his reach as though
in the moon.

  He turned and looked down. Below,
in the river, lay the pirate galleys, and
beyond these were three ships, Genoese,
English, French, under safe-conduct of
commerce. Rais Mami eyed them hun-
grily, avidly. A few Hornacheros passed,
with a word of greeting to him—gaunt,
fierce men! Guards of Cai'd Mustapha
loitered about, keeping a furtive eye on
him; swaggering fellows these, fat with
misrule. Out across the river rose the
white city of Sale against the blue sky.
And the glorious red Tower of Hassan
lifted two miles away, amid cactus and
ruins, like a finger pointing to Allah.

  Yet there was a more wonderful me-
mento of the dead to be seen, if one knew
where to seek—a scant couple of miles
more up the river valley.

                            •

RAIS MAMI looked at the pirate gal-
. leys again, in contempt. No good
in heavy weather, unable to carry guns
of weight, they could take raiding par-
ties to the Canaries or the Spanish coast.
This was all. The Moroccan raiders
could not pass Gibraltar, for the galleys
of Algiers and Tunis held all the Medi-
terranean as their own prey. Yet, had

the Sallee Rovers proper ships, the whole
world lay open to them.

  Presently he turned from the platform,
wended his way through the narrow
streets around the citadel, left its mag-
nificent gateway, and in the town out-
side sought his own quarters. Under his
robe he tucked the model of a ship on
which he had worked. He went present-
ly to the slave market, then to the ani-
mal market, and there rented a horse.

  Ten minifies later he was spurring to-
ward the uplands, coursing across the
long slopes, riding like mad in the keen
wind. Any followers were flung off; they
would spy on him the minute he re-
turned, of course. He laughed fiercely,
exultantly, and spurred the harder.

AN hour before sunset, his horse lath-
. ered white with foam, he was cir-
cling back toward the town. Before him
grew one of the most impressive sights
in Africa.

  Here had been the ancient city, Chel-
la. Now not a stone of it remained, ex-
cept a few tombs by the river, and here
the city walls, with their gate of vic-
tory. The towers of this gate reached
up like giant hands to heaven; grotesque,
massive, the walls so high that the hu-
man creatures below them seemed as
dots. Women, white-clad, streamed in
and out of that enormous empty gate-
way, on their Friday errands of prayer
and gossip. Like the walls of Carcas-
sonne, these gaum: reddish battlements
bespoke an older z.ge, when men by the
hundred thousand came pouring out of
the Sahara for the conquest of Spain.

  Rais Mami pricked his way along the
gigantic wall to the gateway. He dis-
mounted and led his horse across the
rubble. On the inner side he left the
horse. Bare cactus-grown fields stretched
here, where the city had stood, down to
the olives and the tombs by the river.
Not a stone left standing in all this
place.

  He himself turned aside. Within the
gateway, behind it, remained only a
tower. He entered this, passing a young
Hornachero who stood there silent, a
sentry, and was in the ancient hall of
the guard.

  A dozen men sat there silent, awaiting
him. Gaunt men bred in Spain, who
hated everything Christian with their
whole fierce souls. Like hot-eyed
wolves, they were.

  Rais Mami came into the midst of
them. He saluted them gravely, opened
ARMS AND MEN	73

his robe, and placed on the stone floor
the model of his ship.

  “In the name of Allah!” he said ab-
ruptly, harshly, without any preamble.
“Here is the ship I am making. I have
chosen a hundred men from among the
slaves to handle her canvas and spars,
certain Dutch and English renegades to
handle her guns. She is to be the first
of many. From Sale will go forth these
ships, no mere galleys, but ships to fight
the Christian world, to sail the wide
seas, to plunder French, English, Dutch,
as well as the accursed Spaniard!

  “Look at these sails,” he went on, “of
large size and special design. So with
the spars. We shall build our own ships
here, or build over those that we capture.
Here in your hands I put a weapon
against the Christian world.”

  Deep eyes glittered. A man spoke up.
“Build such ships, or build them over,
Rais Mami? But that takes materials.
Iron, canvas, everything! And guns.”
. Rais Mami threw down a paper writ-
ten in Arabic and sealed.

  “Read that,” said he. “It is an agree-
ment with the Hollanders. They will
supply all we need, even to chains for
prisoners. In return, we leave their
ships alone. They will even provide
skilled workmen.”

  The others crowded about to read the
document. One and ancther caught his
breath. Grim Abd el Hak looked up, his
one eye a flame, and spcke hoarsely.

  “By Allah and Allah and Allah, the
Omnipotent! With whom have these
Hollanders made the agreement? Not
with the Sultan Zidan 01 with his Cai'd,
but with a council of Sale, whose names
are not yet signed—”

  “Sign them,” said Rais Mami. “The
names are yours. Are you Hornacheros
city curs to send tributt to a weakling
Sultan? Be wolves, as once you were
in Estramadura; but now, wolves of the
sea! The citadel is impregnable. Seize
it. I have here a list of renegades who
understand artillery. Turn the guns on
Sale, across the river. Upon this rock of
ours erect an independent, state, a repub-
lic owning allegiance to none! In that
caravan destined for the Sultan is wealth
enough to make us all rich; seize it!”

THE men who listened were not given
to counting costs. The Sultan’s au-
thority maddened them. They were
conscious of their own outlaw strength.
They saw the picture Rais Mami painted
for them with cunning words, and their

eyes gleamed, their nostrils dilated, the
old Arab lust for freedom, plunder and
blood laid hold terribly upon their souls.

  “Because you love a woman,” growled
Abd el Hak, “you would plunge us all
into death!”

  “Into glory—with me!” and Rais Ma-
mi laughed harshly. “Refuse, and what
happens? Tomorrow night I seize the
citadel with my men, kill the Caid and
his guards, take the woman I desire—
and go. My ship is nearly ready. If the
Hornachero blood has died out, well and
good; let the dream pass away. You,
who were once wolves—”

  “By Allah, does a renegade put shame
on my head?” burst forth a voice from
the group. “Let me bear fire, but not
shame! Slay! Slay! Bear testimony
with the sword against all Christians!”
The flood of fanaticism was loosened.
Voices rolled up hoarse assent. A cer-
tain furious madness came upon all these
men, until the ancient stones quivered
to the storm of their oaths and wild fury.
Thus, in the gateway of the city of the
dead, was born the republic of sea-wolves.

DAYLIGHT grew gray upon the old
Tower of Hassan, and the white city
of Sale, and the towering rock of the bat-
tlemented citadel. “Come ye to prayer!”
quavered the voice of the muezzin from
the minarets. “Come ye to prayer, for
prayer is better than slumber! ”

  Shadows flitted along the foot-wide
runways of the battlements. Naked,
bearded Hornacheros, white renegades,
freed slaves, one and all hated the
swaggering soldiery, largely of negroid
stock, who served Sultan Zidan. Hatred
flamed on the gun-platform, in the fort
below the cliff, in the narrow streets
about the citadel and castle. A sentinel
shrieked and died. A gun roared. Then
the tide of slaughter burst forth, and on
its wave-crest Rais Mami and his sea-
men came flooding into the quarters of
Cai'd Mustapha.

  Guards died. Eunuchs were put to the
sword. The Caid himself, scimitar in
hand, came rushing upon Rais Mami,
and was cut down with one blow. His
head was flung to the courtyard below
and resistance ended. Treasure and guns,
citadel and armory and powder, all was
in the horny hands of the Hornacheros.

  And if the white city opposite resisted,
—as it did,—the guns of the rock were
turned to hurl death and destruction.
And if the army of the Sultan came,—
as it did,—it went home again whipped.
74

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

  In the quarters of the women, now
taken over for new owners, Rais Mami
came upon the Spanish girl Almira. Slim
and slender she was, with a soul of fire
that looked forth from her golden eyes,
and Rais Mami dropped his red blade
and knelt before her, his fierce features
transfigured.

  “Life and freedom, Almira! ” rang out
his voice. “Life and love, and the wide
horizon! These are yours and mine
from this day forth.”

  In this fashion, the renegade’s dream
was brought to fruition. . . .

  A bad man, no doubt; an arrant ras-
cal, you would say, whose story was not
fit to interest honest men. The point
might bear discussion. Morocco had
been filled with thousands of his kind—
men who fled from feudal rapacity, from
tyranny, from hopeless economic condi-
tions, from the lack of any future. Here
in Islam, a slave might become an emir,
which was answer enough.

  So Rais Mami, the slender fire-filled
girl beside him, fell to work at his new
weapon, and sailed forth with it to

scourge the seas, leaving the new repub-
lic to deal with its own problems.

  Those men of Hornachos were shrewd
and savagely capable, once shown the
way. They reduced old Sale to submis-
sion, took advartage of the internal dis-
sensions which left the Sultan powerless,
and established their pirate state in fact
as well as in name. And the loot began
to roll in.

  With itg hugs spread of canvas, its
speed ana armament, its auxiliary oars,
the ship of Rais Mami could outsail and
outfight the average merchant craft. He
opened a new career, a new vista, to
these brigands cf Morocco. And on the
wide seas he rz vaged like a wolf in a
sheepfold.

  The horrified French, the dismayed
English, found themselves no longer se-
cure from molestation. Treaties with
Morocco were laughed at. Not Rais
Mami alone, but other ships armed and
equipped like hi; own, came forth to seek
prey—these Hornacheros cared nothing
for commerce, except to batten upon it
savagely.
ARMS AND MEN

  The Sallee Rovers fell upon all Chris-
tendom, ravening from the Banks of
Newfoundland to the coast of Ireland,
merciless and insatiable. In two years,
forty vessels from Havre-de-Grace alone
fed their rapacious maw. In 1626 above
sixty prizes jammed the river under the
cliff, more than six thousand Christian
slaves jammed the slave-market, and
wealth incalculable jammed the coffers
of the pirate republic.

75

  For the republic flourished, putting in-
to effect the principles of communism—
give nothing and take everything. It
laughed at the Sultan. In its own right
it made treaties with Charles of England,
with Richelieu in France. The Horna-
cheros were riding high in those days,
and highest of them all rode Rais Mami
the renegade.

  With him went ever Almira, the wom-
an who was like a flame of fire. She
seconded him in tempest and in calm,
and they two were one. But while she
stood with him in battle, she never
donned armor or fought, never put hand
to weapon. Living fire was her spirit,
but she was no harsh virago. The sight
of blood hurt her. The sight of suffer-
ing men drew her ever to compassion.

Aboard ship, she cared for crew and
captive alike. In the Street of the Con-
suls, she moved among the slaves with
food and money and garments and ten-
derness, so that Rais Mami was wont to
say, with a laugh, she spent half his win-
nings on the losers. Curiously enough,
the cruel fanatic Moors respected this
trait in her, and gave her unwonted hon-
or for a woman. They had not yet for-
gotten the teachings of the Prophet in
respect to mercy and pity.

Thus had the foretold weapon been
forged, and its stroke was keen and ter-
rible upon the world. Whether the Sul-
tan was defied or not, Morocco profited
by the whole business, and turned itself
to hatred of all Christians, and to plun-
der of Christendom. These fast armed
ships could fight, could raid and run if
they so desired, or stay and battle. And
once the weapon was learned, the Horna-
cheros had many rivals in the art of pi-
racy. The ransom of Christian slaves
became an enormous source of revenue.

Squadrons came and bombed and bom-
barded, in vain. The pirates slipped up
the river, the great gun-platforms of Sale
and the pirate rock thundered down at
the Christian ships, and Rais Mami ever
emerged unscathed.

But good Bishop Sourdis, whose see
was the maritime city of Bordeaux, liked
this matter less and ever less, for the
shipping of Bordeaux suffered heavily.

“Here is the ship I
am making,” he said
abruptly. . . . “Here
in your hands I put
a weapon against the
Christian world. Are
you Hornacheros city
curs? Be wolves—
wolves of the sea!”
76	THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

And besides his episcopal dignity, he
also happened to be commander of the
“naval army” of France. Hence, he had
some teeth with which to chew on the
affair.

  This Flemish renegade, said the good
warrior prelate, must have his wings
clipped; and certainly bishop could take
rook. So My Lord Sourdis abandoned
crozier and asperges for the present.
After certain conferences with the
merchants of Bordeaux, he betook him-
self to the wide green diocese of the
Atlantic.

  Thus it came to pass that Rais Mami,
with the flaming-eyed Almira beside him,
looked forth one morning as they cruised
the French coast, and beheld four small
ships of Bordeaux coming with the
breeze, all unsuspicious.

  Rais Mami hoisted the Dutch flag,
and laughed, for the wind was falling
fast, calm was coming down the sea, and
once his oars were put forth he had
those four small ships at his mercy.
Praise be to Allah!

O	you remember,” said Almira, as
they stood at the rail, watching,
“that model ship you made, long ago,
and left at the citadel for the workmen
to use in remaking other ships?”

  “I should remember it well,” said Rais
Mami, his eyes softening a little.
“Why?”

  “It is over the river in Sale,” she re-
sponded. “I saw it there just before we
sailed. It is in the courtyard of the
school there—the medersa built by the
Sultan Abou Inan, three hundred years
ago. They have put it near the foun-
tain.”

  Rais Mami laughed at this, and squint-
ed at the four ships in the sunlight.

  “You think of strange things in the
hour of battle,” said he lightly.

  The beautiful eyes of the woman be-
side him darkened.

  “Still stranger things, perhaps,” she
rejoined. “For the inscription over that
fountain in the school was running in
my mind. You know it?”

  “By Allah, I have other things to
ponder! ” And Rais Mami chuckled.
“What was it?”

  “It has nothing to do with battle, at
least,” she said, “but that lovely little
model ship seemed placed most ap-
propriately. The inscription is short:
‘The workmen have here finished an
artistic work, filled with the beauty of
youth.’ Lovely ship, lovely words I ”

  Rais Mami turned to stare at her
curiously.

  “What the devil is in your mind?
At such a moment as this— Well, you
have strange moods, and I love you for
them. Come! I’ll make you a present
of whichever one of yonder ships you
fancy. Choose ”

  She looked at the four ships, which
were grouped together, and her eyes
dulled. Then she shook her head and
turned away, without reply.

RAIS MAMI, with an impatient oath,
. sent his Christian slaves to the oars,
made ready to run them out, put his men
to the lines. The breeze was dying fast.
The four ships of Bordeaux, quite un-
suspicious, were close at hand, their can-
vas filling and flapping. The sea was
glassy, catspaws of wind creeping across
the long swells and fading away. Rais
Mami lifted his voice, as the canvas was
brought in.

  “Out oars! Down ports! Into the
midst of them, helmsman!”

  The ports clattered open, the guns
were run forth, the oars struck out and
dipped. From below poured up thp cor-
sairs, with beat of drums and shrilling
horns, and the Dutch flag fluttered down.

  The mask waj, off. Straight in among
the hapless Freichmen drove the ship,
her six guns to a side ready to hurl death.
Rais Mami leaped to the rail, to hail
those victims and order surrender. They
were clumsy ships, those four, heaped
high with deck cargo, it seemed.

  But as he opened his lips to hail, his
voice died.

  The four were close around him now.
And men were leaping to work. Tar-
paulins were jerked away. No deck
cargo, but guns, cannon, men pouring
up from below, each ship suddenly bris-
tling with figures in the rigging. And
before Rais Maui could speak or give
command, before he could realize that
he was trapped, those four little ships
began to pour a deadly storm of bullets
into him.

  Bullets, no shot; guns crammed with
bullets that hailed across his decks,
swept into his open ports, struck down
his crew and oarsmen, flung everything
into mad chaos aboard. Fusils and mus-
kets opened from the rigging around.
His decks were £, shambles.

  Like a madman Rais Mami raced to
take charge, to waken his stunned men.
His guns began to speak; but two of the
smaller ships had put out sweeps and
ARMS AND MEN

77

come close enough to fling grapnels.
From their hatches paured up men,
swarms of men; his ship was grappled,
was boarded.

   Desperately, frantically, the remnants
of the corsairs gathered. “Allah il Al-
lah!” pealed up the cry. Rais Mami
headed them, smashed »nto the boarders,
cleared the waist of his ship. Useless 1
He turned to survey the poop, and a
frightful cry broke from him. He saw
Almira, there at the rail of the quarter-
deck, sinking upon her face, her arms ex-
tended as though reaching toward him.

  Everything else fled from him then.
He turned, leaped across the shambles,
gained the ladder, and regained her side.
He forgot the battle, the press of men, the
whelming of disaster, as he lifted her in
his arms. She was dying, smiling as she
died, and her eyes flamed up at him with
one last long look.

   “An artistic work,” she gasped, “filled
with—with the beauty oj youth—”

   And laughing hysterically, she tried to
'draw herself up, failed, and went limp
in his arms.

  He was kneeling there, holding her
close, when they came in around him.
He saw nothing, heard nothing, until he
was suddenly aware that these were
Frenchmen who stood all about, staring
curiously at him. He started up.

  There was no longer a battle. In the
waist of his ship, freed slaves were yam-
mering their rejoicings, Christian voices
were rising high, men were flooding ev-
erywhere—but not his men. These were
gone. Rais Mami passed a hand over
his eyes, wiped them clear, gazed at the
tall Frenchman in half armor who ad-
dressed him.

  “They say you are their leader. You
speak French?”

  “They say?” His men, of course; some
few captives taken, or the wounded.
Rais Mami stared around, then his eyes
came back to the tall Frenchman.

  “Speak French?” he said dully. “Yes.
I am Rais Mami.”

A WORD passed, a sharp breath, a
mutter. Rais Mami the renegade!
“And I,” said the Frenchman, “am the
Bishop of Bordeaux. Monsieur, you are
my prisoner. Have you anything to say
before I hang you ?”

  Rais Mami looked down at the figure
on the deck. His hand:s fell; he went
to one knee, lifted the clead slim hand,
andi touched his lips to it. Then he stood

up again and looked at Bishop Sourdis,
and a smile touched his lips.

  “Why, yes,” said he. “Not your pris-
oner, My Lord Bishop; but that of God.
An artistic work, filled with the beauty
of youth—” His voice faltered.

  “Blasphemer!” said the Bishop stern-
ly, and beckoned his men. “Hang him.”
They hanged him, there above the
glassy sea. ...

  The good Bishop accounted his last
words blasphemy, and so reported them,
with much advice on how the entire

Eirate roost of Sale should be and might
e rooted forth. And yet, curiously
enough, they were entirely natural words;
a lovely thought that came too late into
barren bloody lives, a search for what
might have been and was not, a wistful
subconscious expression in the moment
of destiny’s impact. For thus man’s
brain sometimes works upon trifles.

SO I came back again from my own
memories of those battlemented cliffs
and the glorious red Tower of Hassan, to
Bill Williams and his charming little
wife, and the ship-model that Bill was
fingering.

  “You know,” he said, “it’s a funny
thing—I mean, this here ship-model. Old
and dirty and all, but damned well done.
Took a seaman to do it in the first place.
Wonder where that chap swiped it from ?
Some old place over in Sale, he told me.
I gave him some French Senegal money
for it. Paper money.”

  “It should go into the collection of my
friend Martin Burnside,” I said slowly.
“He collects weapons, you know.”

  “Yeah. Heard about him,” said Bill.
“Well, you think a ship can be a wea-
pon?”

I nodded, and took the model from
him, and examined it with some atten-
tion. Then I glanced up at him, sharply.
“Have you done any carving on this ?”
“Who, me?” Bill guffawed. “Not
much! Why ?”

  “Nothing,” I replied. “What are the
chances of turning this over to Burn-
side ?”

  “You’re welcome,” said Bill, with a
wave of his hand. “Give it to him with
my compliments.”

  So	I did, and when I gave it to him,
pointed out the two letters carved on the
stern of the model, as in some idle mo-
ment. “S D”—that was all. But they
made me think of Simon Danser the
Flemish renegade—and wonder.

Another colorful stoiy in this remarkable series will appear in our next issue.
e JL air in

An authentic and moving novelette of detective work and
air adventure by the pilot writer who gave us “Murder
Island” “The Flaming Finish” and “The Speed King.”

A CURTAINED black sedan with a
bent fender and a shattered rear
. side window snored out Spring
Street, keeping the sedate pace of Satur-
day-night traffic. The driver, a small
man with glittering weasel eyes, paused
at a red light, and turned and stared into
the shadows of the rear seat, where Joe
Marvin and Sylvia Paulling sat, both
bound and gagged.

  “Listen, you!” the driver said to Joe
Marvin, in a voice like a file. “Keep
kickin’ around back there an’ I’ll crack
you on the konk. I tried to be gentle
wid you, see. If you don’t like that, I’ll
fix you so you can’t squirm.” He reached
under his left armpit and a grim look
crossed his narrow, pasty face. He put
the car once more in gear and rolled with
the accelerating traffic.

  Joe Marvin sat there, waiting, trying
to keep his mind from projecting itself

too starkly into the future. There wasn’t
any hope, he knew, yet he could not sur-
render abjectly. They had him, of course,
and would dispose of him in the safest,
easiest way, mercilessly. But he didn’t
think primarily about what they were
going to do to him. He thought about
Sylvia. He must do something to help
her. . . . Turning slightly, he tried to
see her, there in the darkness.

  All he could see was the pale blur of
her face, with the gag a white swathe
over her mouth. She was looking at him,
her shadowed eyes showing fright. She
really was terrified. She looked more
terrified than she had that time when
they had been lying in his plane, and
the engine caught fire and they had had
to bail out. Joe wondered if he would
ever have the chance to fly his new
plane again. He tried to give Sylvia a
confident reassuring glance.
the r.Aw amp

 By Leland Jamieson

                 illlustrated by L. R. Gustavson

  He saw suddenly that she was slip-
ping down to the tonneai floor. She lay
on the floor, on her side, for a moment,
and began to get up. Puzzled, he as-
sisted her when he could by pushing her
up with his knees. After a long strug-
gle, she was back in the seat. When she
turned from him and leaned back, he
understood what she had dojie.

  Something sharp was biting into his
wrists, something sharp held in Sylvia’s
hands. A thrill of hope went over Joe
like a shock of electricity. He realized
that she had picked up a piece of the
shattered window from the car floor, and
was holding it as a knife. If he could
cut those cords on his wrists, he could
get at the driver, by surprise.

  Yet he had no illusions about the
driver; he knew the man was armed,
was deadly. Being discovered in this
effort would bring instant. destruction;

79

but being discovered was a risk he must
take. He turned with the utmost dif-
ficulty and bent his body forward, bring-
ing his bound wrists up as high as
possible over the small of his back, so
that Sylvia, with the piece of glass, could
saw at the cords.

  Haste was paramount, now. Within
ten minutes, the driver of the car would
be joined at the outskirts of Atlanta by
two other men, and after that, there
would be no hope whatever. Joe Marvin
knew he would need luck, to succeed in
the attack on this one man. But he had
to succeed: Sylvia’s life might depend
on it; his own life most certainly did.
He tried to move his wrists, to help the
jagged glass cut the cords. The ir-
regular jolting of the car threw him off
balance, but he braced himself with his
knees. Now that he had hope, each
passing minute was sheer agony.
80	THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

  The car purred through the suburban
section, gathering speed. But the driver
was taking no chances of being con-
spicuous with haste, so he still stayed
in the line of thick traffic. He didn’t
look back, although Joe knew he would
look back, at the next red light. They
must be finished with this, by then.

  The traffic light ahead glowed amber;
it flared red just as they reached it.
Rapid deceleration almost threw Joe to
the floor. He could see the driver re-
laxing as the car stopped, relaxing and
turning his head. And, desperate, Joe
leaned back with his full weight, catch-
ing Sylvia’s shoulder and pinioning her
against the cushion. The splinter of
glass stabbed cruelly into his wrist.

  For ten seconds he held his breath
while he felt the driver’s queer luminous
eyes searching the rear of the car with
an infinite silent suspicion. Sylvia’s
head was resting on his shoulder in a
strained, unnatural way that must ap-
pear noticeable. But the traffic bell
clanged, and the driver swung back to
his task without saying a word.

  Instantly, with a reckless, desperate
haste, Joe leaned forward again. The
jagged glass sawed at the cord. He
could hear Sylvia’s quickened, excited
breathing as she fought at the half dozen
tough strands. It seemed to Joe that
they would not possibly have time. The
driver was spurring the car now; they
were on the outskirts of town.

SITTING there, counting the minutes
and planning desperately what he
would do, Joe Marvin tried to com-
pose himself. He could not fully realize
even yet that all this was an actuality
and not a bad dream. Of course, he
knew that Dan Paulling had received the
two letters demanding money, under a
threat of Sylvia’s abduction. For days
Sylvia had been a virtual prisoner in her
own house. And tonight she had struck
on the bold, incredibly foolish game of
trying to steal out past the guards and
go to the Riding Club dance. When Joe
got to the Paulling house, expecting an
evening of bridge, she was dressed just
as she was dressed now, in a pale blue
frock that was cut low in the back and
clung alluringly to her slim figure.

  It seemed impossible, as Joe thought
back over it, that he could have assented
to her idiotic proposal. But he had, and
they had slipped past the guard who
these days was constantly on duty in the
side drive; they had gone swiftly and

unobserved, so they thought, along Pace’s
Ferry Road, in the rain, laughing and
thinking it a g;:eat joke on Sylvia’s
father, youthfully stirred with their ex-
citing audacity. And before they had
ever reached the Riding Club, it had
happened.

THREE men who had been driving a
small roadster passed them, and as
they passed, skidded on the wet pavement.
Their fender crushed into Joe’s, and both
cars slewed toward the curb. A low
branch of a tree shattered the glass of a
rear window of Joe’s car. The road
was isolated in this exclusive section of
town, and, here, traffic was light. No
other cars were in sight, and there was
no escape, for the small car blocked the
way. The next thing Joe knew, a man
was on the running-board, gun in hand.
A soft voice filled with a swift, slashing
sibilance said:

  “Climb over into the back seat—don’t
open the door!”

  Joe hesitated. Then he challenged,
“What’s the idea?”

  The man’s sp>aced words carried a
deadly ruthlessness: “I said, get into the
back seat! ” The gun was incredibly
steady. It fascinated Joe more than the
man’s face, which he could not see very
clearly. He dicn’t move fast enough,
and the gun darted out and then he felt
a sickening pain on the side of his head.
Pain flowed all over his body, numbing
his senses. He beard Sylvia’s one stifled
scream. But, though he tried to struggle
back to consciousness, to do something

about it, he didn’t seem able to move____

  Later, he was vaguely conscious of be-
ing in the back seat, and he knew he
was gagged and bound hand and foot,
and the lone driver up there at the wheel
was taking them steadily through traffic
with a silent assurance. Joe looked at
Sylvia; she too was bound and gagged.

  For some tirre the car whined over
the wet streets. Joe huddled there. His
head throbbed. He saw the driver turn
and look deeply into the curtained en-
closure. Presently they stopped at a
side street, and a man who apparently
had been waiting there, said in a hoarse,
barely audible whisper:

  “Okay ?”

  “Okay,” the driver returned hastily.
“Where’ll I trade cars with you and
Dorn?”

  “Stewart Avenue at Virginia—Hape-
ville. I’ll ditch this car. What we gonna
do with the guy?”
THE LAIR IN THE SWAMP

81

The man’s spaced words carried a deadly
ruthlessness: “I said, get in o the-back seat!”

  “Let Dorn decide that,” the driver
said, shrugging. “You take him. I’m
goin’ back like we planned, for the
dough. You’re gonna meet Dorn and go
inside to the Old Man's place in the
swamp ?”

  “Yeah. I’ll swap license plates and
leave this hack in Waycioss.” After an
instant’s pause, he added, “Dorn don’t
like it, our snatching somebody along
.with the doll. Did he get a good look
at us?”

  “Yeah—he couldn’t help gettin’ a good
look at us.”

  There was subdued violence in the
other foice. “Then we’ll sneeze him and
dump him in the swamp as we go in.
But anyhow, we got the doll. See you
in ten minutes. You be there!”

  The car rolled again. Joe Marvin sat
straighter in his seat, and tried to suck
a full breath into his lungs. He was
trembling. There was ro use kidding
himself. He and Sylvia were in a bad
situation.

  He twisted his hands, straining at the
cords on his wrists. But the struggle
was futile; the cords only cut deeper
into his flesh. Then Sylvia discovered
that sharp piece of glass. . . .

  They were on Stewart Avenue now,
:he tires singing on the <;lick pavement
is the car rushed through the night. Joe
rould feel Sylvia’s hurried gasps as she
rought for breath. Thej' would reach
Virginia Avenue in half a dozen minutes,
it this rate of speed.

  Just then, his hands came free. He
ubbed his wrists feverishly, getting the
irculation started agair. He lifted
Jylvia back where she had sat before,
keeping sharp watch on the driver, he
emoved both the gags. Then he untied
lis ankles, working with a tense haste,
ilanning. They were topping a rise now,
nd on the next rise, a mile away, was
he intersection where this driver was to

be relieved. Joe wanted to release Sylvia,
but he didn’t have time.

  He had no sort of weapon. In the
darkness he took off his shoe. With a
quick movement he half stood and
struck at the driver’s head. At the same
time he started to climb over and get at
the steering-wheel, so he could stop the
car and could keep it from swerving.

  At the first blow, the driver ducked
and reached for his gun, snarling an
oath. Joe could see his face in the lights
of an oncoming car. His face had a
desperate canine look, thin lips drawn
tight over his teeth. Joe slugged with
the shoe. For an instant he thought
they were going to collide head-on with
the passing car, and then, when that
danger was past, he wished they could
have collided. For the driver had that
black automatic in his hand, and was
trying to jam the muzzle into Joe’s face.

JOE dropped the shoe and grabbed at
the other’s wrist with both hands. In
a silent frenzy they fought for the
gun. The car careened down the highway,
swinging gradually to the left. Joe took
one hand off the driver’s wrist and threw
a wild punch at his chin. The driver
grunted. His breath was a hot blast.
He panted, “This time I’ll give you the
works! ”

  After that, Joe didn’t know quite what
happened. The gun vomited fire in his
eyes, blinding him. It was as if he had
looked directly into the sun for a mo-
ment ; he couldn’t see anything else. The
driver was behind the blind spot, and
Joe had a desperate grip on his wrist,
and had a hold on the wheel, but he
couldn’t see anything. The gun went off
again.

  He felt the car crash into the em-
bankment at the left side of the road. It
lurched up and careened and swerved
down again, at high speed. The body
82	THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

twisted. When it twisted, the right
front door came open. The gun blasted
the third time, and burning powder
stung Joe’s cheeks until he was in a
frenzy of pain. Involuntarily, he let go
of the driver. And the driver, who was
a small, agile man, whirled and got one
foot in the pit of Joe’s stomach and
shoved. The next thing Joe knew, he
was out of the car, falling.

IT seemed to him he fell fifty feet,
but of course it wasn’t that far. He
struck the wet pavement with a nauseat-
ing impact, on his left shoulder. He
rolled over and over. His body felt as
though every bone in it were broken,
when he finally lay still. He raised him-
self to his hands and knees, in the mud,
in the steady cold rain. The car was
whining over the hill.

  Joe struggled to his feet and ran after
the car. In bleak despair, he ran some
twenty paces before he thought to halt.
He was sobbing with rage and frustra-
tion. His fear for Sylvia was a live,
frightful thing. Standing there in the
darkness, his clothing torn half off his
body, he tried to think what to do.

  The savage resolution to track down
the kidnapers burned in his brain. For
a few moments it blinded him to every-
thing else. Then he realized the futility
of trying to do that immediately. The
first thing was to get word to Dan
Paulling, Sylvia’s father. Sylvia would
be missed, by this time; she hadn’t
gone out of the house for so long. It
was odd that they hadn’t thought of
that, when they decided to spend the
evening out, at the dance. It filled him
with a goading humiliation to think of
having accepted a part in such an idiotic,
such a childish escapade as this wras to
have been. He loathed himself, hurry-
ing back down the road to a telephone.

  A motorist picked him up, finally, and
let him out at a filling-station. With
fingers that shook, he dialed the Paulling
residence. A maid answered the phone.
He controlled his voice with a vast
effort, and said, “This is Joe Marvin.
I want to speak with Mr. Paulling.”

  He waited, swallowing with a dry
throat. As he stood there he knew he
would have been glad to die, if only
that would have put Sylvia back safe in
her home. Dan Paulling’s genially gruff
voice came over the wire:

  “Yes, Joe. What is it? I thought you
were planning to spend the evening out
here. Sylvia—”

  Joe had tried to plan what to say.
But he only blurted, “Mr. Paulling,
they’ve got Sylvia! They’ve got her!
We went out together, in the car, and
they got her!” His voice broke. He
quit trying to talk and stood there
running his muddy fingers through his
hair in distraction.

  There was a long pause. He could
hear Mr. Paulling suck in a quick breath,
and there was another pause and finally
the gruff Voice was grating and incisive.
“Who? Did you see them?”

  “I don’t know. Three men, but I only
saw one of them closely. They got my
car—and Sylvia’s in it. They drove
south.”

  “Are you all right?”

  “Yes. I’m at ;i filling-station on Stew-
art Avenue. I tr ied to stop them. But—”
His voice broke again, to a boyish fal-
setto. There was another moment of
hushed waiting. Joe could hear his
heart beating.

  “Stay there,” Dan Paulling ordered.
“Don’t say anything to anybody. Tell
me how to get to you.”

JOE gave directions. Then he went
out and walked back and forth in the
rain. At last Mr. Paulling drove up in
the small car that Sylvia had always
used. His square, leathery face was
strangely blank of emotion, as if he were
holding himself tight to keep from feel-'
ing anything. Toe couldn’t keep his lips
steady, facing Dan Paulling. He knew
the full meaning of fright that comes
from anxiety. It ripped through him,
sucking away his vitality, turning him
old. Dan Paulling said with a restrained
harshness that was to Joe more censuring
than any outburst of anger could ever
have been: “Get in here. I never
thought you’d let Sylvia get into this
kind of a mes:5.” He turned the car,
his face set. “Now tell me about it.”

  Joe told about it, holding back noth-
ing. He said: “Mr. Paulling, I was a
fool. I should have stopped Sylvia. I’m
sorry I didn’t—I can’t tell you how
sorry I am. I1! we don’t get her back,
why—why, I’ll never get over it—”

  “We won’t get her back being sorry
about it,” Dan Paulling grated, his wide
mouth very grim. “You made a mis-
take and we’ve got to undo it—if we
can. Do you have any idea where they
were planning to hide her?”

  Joe recalled for the first time that terse
wluspered conversation at the side of the
car. He exclaimed, “They’re going to
THE LAIR IN THE SWAMP	83

that big swamp near Waycross—they
thought I was knocked out, but I heard
one of them say something about going
into the swamp, and leaving my car at
Waycross with new license tags.”

  “The Okefenokee,” De n Paulling said.
“I’ve been hunting there. If they get
her into that swamp, we’ll never get to
her—we’ll have to wait until they com-
municate with us—we’ll have to buy her
back. Everybody thinks I’m a rich man,
but I’m not very rich. I may not be
able to get enough money to buy her
back.” He opened the car door with a
savage vigor and leaped out. He crossed
to the filling-station and dialed a num-
ber, the sheriff of Fulton County. When
nobody answered, he jiggled the hook
with a dark impatience and dialed again,
then began speaking immediately. He
didn’t sound excited, but every word
came out of his mouth with a violent
impact. “Bill? This is Dan. They’ve
got my girl—they’ve get Sylvia, after
all. . . . Just a while ago. I want you to
"block every road between here and Way-
cross. We think they’re taking her that
way. But don’t do anything that will
make them hurt her! You’ll have your
boys take care of that? When you can,
come out to the house.” He hurried
back to the car and got in. “Now,” he
said to Joe, “the only thing we can do is
go home and wait and try not to worry.”
The wheels spewed gravel as he let out
the clutch.

  The wind was rising and it was grow-
ing steadily colder. The thought came
to Joe that if no trace of Sylvia’s kid-
napers was discovered, tomorrow he
could take his plane and fly over the
swamp, looking. He must do something!
What he would do, even if he found the
shack in the swamp, he didn’t know.

THROUGH an interminable night, Joe
waited with Dan Paulling and a
small group of confidants in the*Paulling
iving-room, expecting, hoping desperate-
ly, that the kidnapers would be picked
ip before they reached the swamp. Joe
;vrote a description of the roadster the
hree men had used, and of the one man
le had seen clearly enough to recognize
igain. Dawn came, and there was still
10 word from the smaller towns where
he kidnapers had been expected to ap-
>ear. Night wore into raw, cold dawn.

  And morning brought developments.
^ muffled voice on the telephone in-
ormed Dan Paulling: “Put a hundred
~ruid in small used bills in an old suit-

case and meet me at the southwest corner
of Grant Park at eight o’clock tonight—
alone. Don’t try to put the finger on me.
If anything happens to me, you’ll never
see the girl.” The speaker gave no time
for questions. They couldn’t trace the
call.

  That night Dan Paulling took a hun-
dred thousand dollars to the place, as
told, and waited through four dreadful
hours. ... No one came.

SO the second awful night wore on.
The rain and low clouds held. With
every hour, Dan Paulling’s face grew
more deeply lined. Joe Marvin walked
the floor and smoked cigarettes. When
daylight came, utterly cheerless, he drove
swiftly toward the flying-field.

  He kept his Lockheed Altair in Barry
Johnson’s hangar, and an hour after
daylight he was in the cockpit, on the
ramp, waiting for the barking engine to
warm up enough to fly. Beads of rain
whipped off the windshield and slowly
drenched the shoulders of his flying-suit.
Before he had been off the ground an
hour, he’d be soaked, he knew. Yet there
were compensations, too: today, flying
near the earth, he could see a great deal
without being himself seen, although, of
course, the engine’s noise would drift far
across the swamp.

  He knew that the chance of finding the
right trapper’s shack was remote. Yet
he might find it, and if he found it, he
would do what seemed best at the time—
crack up there, and put up the best bat-
tle possible, or fly to the nearest town
and get guides and a posse to go back
with him by boat. The latter course de-
pended on his marking the location well
enough to find again. Thoughtfully he
fingered his father’s .45 as he considered
what might happen, and then thrust it
in the side pocket of the cockpit.

  He took off presently, motor roaring,
red mud splashing as he hit the wet
spots in the field. The plane rolled a long
way, for he had as much gas in the tanks
as they would hold. The tendrils of the
clouds were almost in the trees, in places,
in the first few miles of flight. Joe
stayed beneath them, holding to a com-
pass course.

  After a few minutes more than an
hour, hurtling down toward the Atlantic
seaboard, he found Waycross. Here he
turned^ a little to the right and started
searching, flying a hundred feet above
the mess of vegetation and black water.
He had not deceived himself about the
84	THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

extent of his task. The swamp was vast.
He had divided his map into red-penciled
grids, each one ten miles on a side; and
now he started scouring across them.

 It was wearing work. He had the
constant mental hazard of the possibility
of motor failure. He remembered a story
of a pilot, forced down here, who had
struggled futilely through waist-deep
muck for days, only to die of exhaustion
and the murderous attacks of insects.
The air was rough, and the bumps
slammed Joe constantly into his belt or
down into his seat, battering his spine.
His head ached from eyestrain, and his
ears throbbed with the drumming of the
motor. And after hours, he had seen no
building in the swamp.

  There were plenty of hummocks of dry
land where shacks could have been
built. He passed a dozen islands, barren
for the most part but for swamp grass
and sparse timber. On one such place
he found an old, abandoned camp, the
ashes of the fires black with age. As
he moved farther from the outer per-
imeter of the swamp the country be-
came wilder, and wild fowl rose in
frenzied confusion as he passed. Here
long lanes of deep water separated the
shallow pools that had become a filthy
green with decaying vegetation. He saw
black bear and deer, as well as smaller
animals; in a basin of smooth water an
alligator progressed sluggishly, appear-
ing to push a great V-shaped ripple for-
ward with its nose.

BY mid-morning he had covered the
north end of the swamp. He had found
one shack, too old and dilapidated to
house any living soul. Beyond that,
there had been nothing—and his gas was
etting low and he must be going on to
acksonville for more. He was losing
hope.

  And then, on a low, narrow hummock
that was brownish green with swamp
grass, he saw a cabin partially concealed
behind some pines.

  In sharp excitement, he turned enough
to keep the nose from blocking his vision.
Focusing his binoculars with trembling
fingers, he saw enough to give substance
to wild hope. The shack was almost hid-
den in the trees, and the swamp grass
was high on the west side of the hum-
mock where a few planks and stakes
improvised a landing. At this landing,
drawn up in the grass almost out of
sight, Joe saw a dugout. From this boat
to the shack was a fresh-trampled path.

  His heart was pounding, as he tabu-
lated evidence. There was a faint wisp
of smoke trailing from the sheet-iron
stack at the north end of the cabin. A
pile of refuse lay near by. Joe eased the
plane into a shallow dive, and it swept
past with incredible rapidity, clearing
the low eave by scarcely fifty feet.

AS it did, a girl’s figure appeared sud-
. denly in the doorway, one slim arm
lifted to attract attention —a pale-faced
girl dressed in c. blue evening gown that
was as incongruous in that setting as
the girl herself And instantly a man
appeared beside her and snatched her
violently from view.

  A kind of dread excitement foamed
over Joe in waves. He had been so sure
until this moment that.he would land on
the hummock and go to Sylvia’s assist-
ance, once he found her. He wanted to
do that, but now recognized the folly of
it. If he flew straight on out of sight,
the kidnapers m ight assume that he was
a transient flyer, lost in weather—and
would not suspect that their hideout had
been found. But Sylvia, having recog-
nized his plane, would be heartened by
the knowledge that he would soon return
with aid. So, lie reasoned, he must go
on, to Jacksonvi lle, and call Dan Paulling
on the telephone.

  Looking back across the tail, he fixed
that scene in memory. The hummock'
was in no great way different from most
ridges of muck and earth in the deep
swamp. Its width was perhaps a hundred
yards, its length a half a mile. There
were few trees, and all of them were
concentrated in a grove in which the
shack was snuggled. The remainder of
the hummock was completely overgrown
with grass.

  As Joe saw all this again, the plane
was hurtling through misty air at two
hundred feet a second. He got only a
glimpse, and already the island, merging
with the murk behind, had taken on the
sameness of a thousand similar places.

  He snatched up his grid map, to mark
the location there. And he discovered in
a thin dismay that he wasn’t sure enough
of his location now to make the mark.

  Swiftly, he circled to the right. With
narrowed glances, he tried to match the
points of reference in the swamp to the
grid marks and the map. He couldn’t
do it. He wheeled there in a taut haste,
desperate, but it wasn’t any use.

  The swamp reached out on every side,
merging with the mist and clouds. Trem-
THE LAIR IN THE SWAMP

85

* l

“What you down here for?” Lange muttered.
“You better tell me all about it, kid—don’t
hold back nothing, see?”

mm,

bling, Joe realized that there was but
one thing left to do. He; could get out
of the swamp easily enough, by flying
southward. But he would never find
this spot again, in time. Yet he could
find it again, now, if he turned back ex-
actly along the flight path he had fol-
lowed coming down this far. He could
get back to it now, whereas he never
would be able to find it again if he went
much farther.

  With a resolute recklessness, he turned
the Lockheed back.

 What he meant to do w hen he did get
back, he tried to decide quickly. Of
course, barring a miracle, he was going
to have to crash the plane. There was
danger enough in that, but it was not
now his great concern. He wasn’t sure
that by going back he’d be helping Sylvia
—for single-handed, he could not hope
to cope with both her kidnapers, even
if he survived the crash unhurt, even if
they did not recognize him as Sylvia’s
escort and he had a chance to take them

by surprise. Force would prove futile
in what he hach to do; so he must
abandon thoughts of force and resort to
strategy. It would be best to appear
unarmed; he left the .45 there in its
pocket. It would appear better if he
seemed hopelessly lost; doggedly he held
his maps out in the propeller blast.

  Through the mist ahead he caught
sight of the shack again. With a smooth
coordinated haste he put the wheels
down, tightened his belt, raised his gog-
gles and cut off the gas, sliding down
into his slide-
86

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE;

  He leveled off. Head out in the blast,
he could not see clearly the two men who
had come running from the shack. But
what he did see clearly was that sud-
denly his windshield starred before his
face, and a small round hole appeared.

  Wildly startled, he gunned the motor,
meaning to climb back into the clouds.
But even as he slapped the throttle open,
the engine starved out and the muttering
exhaust became a hollow pulsing whistle
as the propeller windmilled. The plane
mushed heavily; without the thrust of the
motor to hold its speed it pancaked—hard.

  There was a dull crunching of wheel
struts, and the hiss of swamp grass being
mowed down. Joe hauled the stick back
in his stomach and tried to brace himself
to take the blow. He fought to keep the
tail down, but it came up despite the
taut controls.

  Then, for a reason he never under-
stood, the plane hit solid ground and de-
celerated evenly and the tail came down
again. It thumped into the grass, and
after ten feet more of roll, the Lockheed
halted, the propeller exactly horizontal.

  Reaction came over Joe in little spurts.
He remembered to breathe, and his
diaphragm was a dull ache that slowly
dissipated. He stood up in the cockpit,
waving at the men to let them know he
wasn’t armed. For they were approach-
ing, eyes narrowed in a cold estimate.

  He said, voice unsteady in spite of his
effort at an urbane nonchalance, “Hello!
Had a forced landing! Got myself lost,
and just about ran out of gas.”

THE two stopped ten yards away,
their rifles in a ready position in the
crooks of their arms, their faces mirror-
ing murderous suspicion but no trace of
recognition. One was tall, with a thin
face and shrewd blue eyes. The other
was of shorter build, with a mouth that
had no visible lips, a straight slash in a
reckless countenance.

  “Climb out of there, you,” said this
latter one. He lurched forward through
the swamp grass with a quick, nervous
stride, gun ready. “Lange, you take him
to the shack. I’m going to have a look
around his plane.”

  The man called Lange came up more
slowly, a definite caution in the smooth
looseness of his movements. He said:
“Why take him there, Dorn? Don’t as-
sume things till you find them out. . . .
Stranger, what’s your business here?”
Joe Marvin, outwardly completely
calm, swung his legs to the fuselage

steps, never taking eyes from Lange.
Estimating bo:h men in swift, frag-
mentary appraisals, he decided that
Dorn was in command. Joe said:

  “When you run out of gas in one of
these chariots, you’ve got to come down.
I saw your place, so I came back to it.
I’m in the swamp somewhere, I know,
but I’m about as lost a§ I ever want to
be. How far is Jacksonville?”

DORN took a step forward with cas-
ual ease. ‘Get down,” he said. In-
finite suspicion shone from his cold gray
eyes. “You’re in the middle of the swamp.
Don’t you know what that means?”

  With a forced indifference, Joe re-
turned, “It means I’m going to have a
hell of a long trip back to anywhere, I
guess.”

  Lange said with a quietness that made
Joe shiver, “We wouldn’t try to tell
you different, son.”

  Joe tried to laugh. It was without
humor, a flat cackling sound. He stood
there a moment longer, trying to marshal
some cogency to thought. The wind was
whispering around his head, as he clung
to the fuselage, helmet in hand. A thin
drizzle fell from leaden clouds, soothing
the fire of his cheeks with its clammy
dampness. From this position, a few
feet above the level of the swamp, the
shack hidden irt the scrawny pines could
not be seen. Swamp grass was a brown
waste across the hummock. To the east,
a lane of black water blended without
life or motion to the green scum of a
shallow pond, and beyond that, a quarter
of a mile away, gaunt cypress merged
vaguely with the grayness of the day,
Spanish moss draped dismally from
every branch.

  “You’re having tough weather for a
fishing trip,” Joe said with elaborate
courtesy, looking directly at Dorn. He
stepped down, into the wet depth of the
dead grass. With these men he must af-
fect curiosity without inquisitiveness. He
had no illusions about what they in-
tended. He glanced for an instant at
the windshield of the plane. “Or perhaps
I’m mistaken about this being a fishing
expedition,” he added, dryly agreeable.
“But I’m not a G-man looking for stills,
so there’s no occasion either for the guns
now, or for the shot you took at me as
I came in to land.” He tried to read
their suspicious, predatory faces, but was
unable to. “At any rate, I’m cold and
I’m getting we", and I’m hungry. Must
we keep on standing here ?”
THE LAIR IN THE SWAMP	87

  “What’s your name?'’ Dorn growled.
“You’re free and easy with the gab.”

  Joe told him coolly, watching the
shifting gleam in Dorn’s, small eyes. The
man’s face showed nothing. Lange, his
clothes becoming damp, said impatiently,
“Come on, son. Dorn, you look at that
airplane if you want, but I’m going back.
This here’s a problem we hadn’t counted
on.” He shifted his riflii to the crook of
his arm again, the muzzle at Joe’s loin,
moving with that same loose-muscled,
easy caution. Dorn turned away, circling
the plane, cursing the w<;t, leg-entangling
grass.

  Leaving Dorn there they threshed
through grass toward .he cabin. The
earth was a hard peat-like muck, fairly
dry under the superficial wetting of this
drizzling rain. But for the grass, Joe
thought, he might be able to take off in
the Lockheed once more—if he could con-
trive the chance.

FEELING the impersonal watchful-
ness of Lange’s eyes upon his back,
Joe said with derision, “You and Dorn
are impressive—guns and mystery and
all. Am I a dangerous character, or is
this that kind of country ?”

 “What you down here for?” Lange
muttered, his legs scissoring audibly.
“Me, I aim to live and let live—but
Dorn, he’s a hard one. He’d ’a’ put a
hole in you. You better tell me all about
it, kid—don’t hold back nothing, see ?”

  “I told you,” Joe said, outwardly with-
out mistrust. He wanted to turn and
study Lange’s thin features, but he didn’t
dare. “I ran out of gas, or was just
about to run out. I was, lost. This is a
big swamp, and I knew if I cracked up
away from help, I’d probably never get
out alive—so I came back to the last
place I’d seen that looked like people
lived there. Isn’t that simple enough?”
“Maybe so for me,” said Lange. “But
Dorn—I aint saying what Dorn’s going
to do.”	♦

  They walked on, the whisking of their
trousers in the grass the only sounds, ex-
cept when Lange grunted a direction to
turn right or left. As yet, although Joe
knew it could not be far ahead, he had
caught no glimpse of the cabin, from the
ground. The cunning of its conceal-
ment explained, probaby, why no one
had discovered it before.

  “Head around them palmettos,” Lange
ordered curtly.

  Beyond the palmettos, Joe caught
sight of the shack. Pines shadowed it,

to which it matched its chameleon gray-
brown, taking no definite shape because
the tree-trunks supplied a natural camou-
flage. But as he drew nearer, Joe
searched out its details. It was built
of logs and shingled with shakes. There
was a porch that faced the east, un-
screened against mosquitoes. It was
surprising how obscure and small it had
looked from the air.

  They came to the porch. No one was
in sight, behind the doorway. Joe
stopped now, his pulse unsteady at the
thought of facing Sylvia. Behind him,
Lange called out in a voice not loud but
penetrating, “John! ”

  After a momentary interval of silence,
a figure deepened the gloom of the door-
way, and emerged upon the porch. This
man was heavy through the chest, with
incredibly broad shoulders about which a
faded hunting-coat fitted loosely. Age
lay in loose wrinkles on his cheeks, puck-
ering his eyes, which were deep blue and
almost serenely still. He must have
been seventy, Joe thought, yet he moved
across the porch with a compact ease.

  “How’s the girl?” Lange spoke with
a blunt violence that carried an im-
pact. Joe half turned, involuntarily, and
caught Lange’s shrewd eyes fastened on
his face.

  It seemed to him that he could not
wait for John’s slow answer. Dread
thoughts ripped at his poise, but he as-
sumed that same derisive smile and held
his tongue, as Lange’s eyes searched out
his features carefully.

  “Still here,” John said laconically. He
thrust open the door and held it with
resigned indifference. Stepping up onto
the porch, Joe sensed a submerged yet
watchful hostility between these men.
The old man had a wary submissiveness
which at the same time seemed to hold a
stubborn disapproval.

  “Come into the shack, kid,” Lange
said with a soft, ominous tone. “I want
to talk to you. . . . John, you got coffee
and anything to eat?”

  “Coffee,” John returned equably, fol-
lowing them into the main room of the
cabin. “I can fry ye up some eggs.”
Lange cursed. “Eggs and fish! Is
that all the food you ever knew? Well,
hurry up with it. Dorn will be here
pretty soon.”

JOHN moved in silent thoughtfulness
into the hallway. Joe looked about
the room, finding it amazing. There
was a radio on a table by the east win-
88

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

In the doorway appeared suddenly a girl,
dressed in an evening gown—as incongruous
in that setting as the girl herself.

dow; on the floor, a grass rug gave
a look of permanence; pictures on the
walls were of varied types, from an etch-
ing of a fog-bound schooner on a wind-
less sea to a pen-and-ink sketch of a
famous comic strip character, auto-
graphed by its creator. This background

for men like Lange and Dorn seemed
utterly incongruous. But the comic
strip, Joe saw a moment later, was auto-
graphed to “John.”

  Sitting there, Joe tried to understand
John’s true place in this crime. The old
man looked like a swamp trapper or a
prosperous guide. Why was he harbor-
ing Lange and Dorn, and furnishing his
place as a hide-out for kidnapers? It
seemed unreasonable.

  Lange sSt down by the radio, tamped
a cigarette and held a match to it. Be-
hind the cloud of smoke, his voice was
casual: “What’s the news outside, kid?”
Joe spurned the bait. “What do you
mean—the news outside? Don’t you get
outside, yourself ? You don’t look like
a native trapper.”

  “All the news we get is through the
radio—and that aint much. I like to
hear what’s going on, when I’m down
here fishing. What’s happened—in At-
lanta?”

  Joe tried to analyze the motive for that
question, fitting it into the facts he knew.
Then he had it! If the ransom had been
paid, wouldn’t he say so, if Lange could
draw him out enough for him to mention
the kidnaping? It had not been put on
the air. He sa d vaguely, “I’m out of
Atlanta most of the time-flying. Noth-
ing happening, that I know of.”

HE could sense the dissatisfaction in
Lange’s manner, but the man said
no more. Old John came in silently and
put dishes on the rough-hewn table at
the south end of the living-room. He
moved with a massive smoothness that
denied his age, his hands sure in their
work, his eyes lifting with occasional
fleeting direct glances at Lange. Then he
said in that equable soft drawl, “Hit aint
much, but if ye ]>e hongry, come an’ set.”
They sat down in bent-wood chairs to
a lunch of fried eggs and hard toast,
fried black bass, fried potatoes, coffee.
Lange, eating sullenly, remarked to
John: “If I’d throw away that skillet of
yours, we’d sure starve!” He turned on
Joe Marvin with a swift intensity.
“Listen,” he said, jabbing with his fork
for emphasis. “When the weather gets
better, can you take off again in that
plane of yours, from where it is?”

  Wondering what was in Lange’s mind,
Joe waited while he boned a fish. Then
he said evenly, “I told you, I landed be-
cause I was almost out of gas.”

  “I mean,” Lange said with his mouth
full, “if you had more gas.”
THE LAIR IN THE SWAMP

89

  “That depends on the load I’d have to
carry.”

 “Two people—three people—me and
Dorn and a—another party.”

JOE realized that the other “party”
must be Sylvia. He probably could
not take the plane off, through that
swamp grass, by itself; he’d never get
it off the ground with three people in its
large front cockpit. Bat the suggestion
was a spark that fired his brain to a
more plausible idea—the only one, so
far, which seemed to hold any real prom-
ise of success. Perhaps he could get
Dorn and Lange and John to help him
clear a runway for the take-off, and then,
if his luck held, he night contrive to
get Sylvia alone in the 'plane, perhaps at
night. There was a full moon, now.

  The idea burned into his mind. Of
course, the obstacles were vast, and the
danger could not be underestimated. Yet
he knew the infinite peril Sylvia and he
were in already, and .such a bold move
would not increase their danger much.

  Keeping all trace of excitement, even
of interest, from his tone, he said, “With
gasoline, I might be able to. But there’s
going to be a lot to do. I’ll have to
check the runway, and we’ll have to clear
it enough to let the plane get speed.
After that’s done, we’ll see how much
gasoline we can take aboard and still get
off. It will be a risk, ir any case.”

  As he ceased speaking, the screen door
slammed and Dorn sialked into the
room with heavy tread. The thin scar
of his mouth was lifted at one corner in
a sardonic twitching smile; his gray eyes
were brightly cold as he tossed Joe’s .45
down upon the table with a crash.

  “Just a schoolboy lost in the swamp,
eh?” His deep voice was coarse with a
stinging mockery. He sat down opposite
Joe, and his nervous fingers took up the
weapon once more. Muzzle aimed di-
rectly at Joe’s throat, he toyed with it,
thumbing the hammer back ahd letting
it slip forward. “You tetter talk fast,”
he rasped.

  Joe felt his cheeks go numb. “Not
quite a schoolboy,” he said with a forced
painful leisure. “I always carry the
gun. In case of fire—in case I have a
forced landing—”

  “Smart guy,” Dorn gru nted. He turned
icy gray eyes on old John, then seemed
to reconsider what he was about to say.
Scraping back his chair, he stalked down
the hallway toward the kitchen, the gun
still in his hand.

  In the hushed tension of that room,
Joe searched Lange’s strict face for a
sign of what might come, but found no
clue. Old John sat at his place, fur-
tively watchful, fork poised, absolutely
motionless. From the rear of the cabin
Dorn’s rude voice sounded in an under-
tone, and then irregular footsteps re-
traced their way along the hall—two
people, coming quickly.

  Still wearing that long evening gown,
Sylvia came into the room a moment
later, her presence adding volatility to
an atmosphere already explosive. Fright
was in her wide blue eyes. From the
rigidity of her laced fingers, Joe Marvin
understood the violence of the strain
she had been undergoing. Yet to Lange
and Dorn she must have seemed suffi-
ciently poised, a tall, proud, silent girl.

  She undoubtedly knew Joe had come
back and landed. The motor’s noise
must have reached this cabin in the
pines, so she was prepared to see him.
Yet as their eyes met, he saw the invol-
untary interruption of the posed serenity
of her entrance. Shock showed in the
delicate flaring of her nostrils; her eyes
widened almost imperceptibly and her
lips parted with a quick breath that was
checked in its beginning.

  It was so imperative that she show no
sign of recognition! Looking at her with
an impersonal blankness, yet trying to
bridge space with reassuring thought,
Joe saw her pull herself back to a spuri-
ously disinterested composure. She came
in and took a seat at the table end.

  Dorn sat down.

  “You two don’t know each other?”
Dorn inquired with feigned affability.
“Both being from Atlanta—” His frigid
eyes traveled over Sylvia’s face with a
speculative patience, then swung to Joe.
“Miss—Jackson, this is Mr. Marvin. He
was flying over and decided to—drop in.”

  Lange chuckled harshly, in his throat.
Old John got up and moved placidly
into the kitchen.

  “Charmed,” Joe murmured, feeling the
pressure of Dorn’s suspicion.

  “How do you do?” Sylvia returned,
and lowered her eyes.

SILENCE fell distrustfully upon the
group. Joe lifted a glass of water
to his lips, and knew his hand was trem-
bling visibly. But nobody seemed to no-
tice him now. Old John came back with
hot biscuits and wild honey. Audibly,
rain dripped from the eaves to the pools
in the muck earth: the chilling north
90	THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

wind whined over the chimney; billow-
ing fog rolled across the swamp, obliter-
ating the outlines of near-by cypress and
pines. And as Dorn and Lange ate rav-
enously, Joe came to know that he was
momentarily safe. Dorn was relaxing, se-
cure in the belief that there was no con-
nection between this kidnaped girl and
the man who had come back to land.

  With swift, reassuring glances at Syl-
via, Joe made desperate plans. He could
tramp down the grass enough to impro-
vise some sort of runway, he believed.
There was sufficient gasoline in the tanks
of the Lockheed to reach Jacksonville,
and even without more than enough gas
to get out of the swamp, it would be bet-
ter to get out, with Sylvia, and take a
chance, than to stay here.

IF he merely waited for a chance to
overpower Dorn and Lange and old
John, it might require days, he consid-
ered with an harassed impatience. He
had lost his only weapon. Recourse to
rough-and-tumble fighting was impracti-
cal—impossible, in fact. He had never
engaged in such a fight in all his life.
Yet, thinking in a grim concentration
on the matter, he knew he must do some-
thing, quickly. Tonight, probably, Dan
Paulling would try again to make con-
tact with the pay-off man. If he suc-
ceeded, then that individual would pre-
sumably come at once to this hide-out,
or would communicate in some way, and
it should follow that Sylvia would quick-
ly be released.

  But would she be? Joe, in a gathering
distrust, did not believe she would.
These men were completely ruthless.
Dorn could not possibly have known who
was in the plane a while ago—yet he had
fired at the pilot with intent to kill.
Lange—or at least a member of the band
—had stood beside the car in Atlanta
and coolly acknowledged the necessity
for killing Joe because Joe had caught
sight of the driver of the car. And Syl-
via had seen the driver, and now knew
Lange and Dorn as well. So her death
would eliminate the risk of eventual
recognition just as much as Joe’s own
would. The more Joe thought about it,
the more convinced he was that not only
he, but Sylvia as well, was marked for
death the instant the ransom had been
paid. He felt desperate, trapped, as he
recognized the irrefutable logic of that
reasoning.

  Again, as he had done when he first
came into the building, he searched the

interior of the room. There was a sheet-
iron wood stove in the north end, fire
dying in it now. A stack of split pine
lay beside it, the lengths perhaps fifteen
or twenty inches long.

  Joe settled back in his chair, appar-
ently relaxing. /Jl he wanted was a slim
chance, and he suddenly thought he
saw it.

  “You look cold,” he said to Sylvia,
his voice sounding with a kindly but im-
personal interest. “I’ll shake up the
fire.”

  Her lips trembled faintly as she looked
at him. He thought he had never seen
anyone look so tired—or so beautiful.

  “I am—cold,” :>he murmured. “Please
do.”

  He wondered if she sensed what he
meant to attempt.

  Dorn said harshly, “John’ll do the fire.”

  But Joe Marvin was already on his
feet, moving without evident haste to-
ward the low woodpile. He selected a
pine stick a little larger than his wrist,
and laid it to one side, upon the stack.
Writh elaborate care he stoked the fire.
Then, knowing full well that this was
either death or freedom he was courting,
he picked up the tough pine club,«and,
holding it casually, hidden by his right
leg, he moved back toward the table.

  Sylvia, facing the fire from the far end
of the table, saw him coming, saw the
stick, and sensed his intent. Her wan
face froze, her eyes darkly alive with a
bright dread. Dorn, seated at her left,
had been beside Joe; Lange was across
the table from Dorn, and old John was
beside Lange.

DORN was the man Joe feared, and in
removing Dorn, he hoped to get that
.45 which was now resting in the leader’s
belt. Lange was dangerous enough, but
Lange did not possess the killer’s instinct
Dorn so flauntingly displayed. Old John
was an unknown in the equation, but the
man was aged and apathetic enough to
be slow in reaction to attack.

  Joe almost ret ched a position behind
Dorn, his motive undiscovered, when
Lange yelled a raucous warning: “Dorn
—behind you ! Get that—”

  Dorn turned a . the moment Joe swung
the club. It glanced off Dorn’s skull
with a dull thluck, striking downward to
his shoulder. In the ensuing violence,
Dorn rose from his chair, throwing the
table forward, catching Lange and old
John off their balance so that they fell
backward in their chairs. Sylvia strug-
THE LAIR IN THE SWAMP

91

gled to her feet, her face clouded with
shocked fear. She put up her hands as
if to fend off the assailants, and stepped
backward, screaming:

  “Joe—the gun! ”

  Joe Marvin had no time to look to see
the gun. He was battering at Dorn with
short, chopping blows that had no per-
ceptible effect. Dorn, oi'f balance, had
gone to the floor on hands and knees,
and had started to come up again. All
the time Joe struck at him. But Dorn’s
weaving form was difficult to hit, and no
blow was a solid one.

THEN, as Dorn’s head came up, the
man’s face dark with blood and a
murderous hatred, Joe raised the club
and smashed him hard on the temple.
Dorn dropped like a pole-iixed steer. And
just then the gun behind Joe spoke
thunderously across the room.

  The spitting yellow burst of it was in
Joe’s eyes against the gloom of the cloudy
afternoon. He felt no impact of the
bullet, so he knew Lange must have
missed. But no one covld miss again,
at such close range. Dropping flat, he
took scanty shelter behind the upturned
table, and tried to inch his way across
the three feet of space that separated
him from Dorn. Once he got that .45,
he would cope with Lange.

  Crawling there, he cursed his inability
to accelerate his movements. He reached
Dorn’s side and tried to find the gun.
But Dorn was lying on his face, the gun
under him. His body had the limpness
of a corpse; the shoulders turned without
changing the position of the hips. Joe
strained to turn Dorn over on his back.
He couldn’t do it. Holding Dorn’s shoul-
der off the floor with one hand, he ex-
plored swiftly with the other.

  All the time, spaced shots were crash-
ing from across the room. Through Joe’s
desperate thoughts ran the incredulous
realization that it was impossible for a
man to miss as often as Lange had
missed—and yet so far he was not hit.
The detonations came irregularly, the
gaps between them filled with Sylvia’s
warning screams. It all seemed unreal;
out the pungent reek of turned powder,
:he impact of each explosion was real
enough. Yet Joe felt no conscious fear.
Excitement was in his veins like a vapor-
ous fluid, volatile as ether, driving him
on. He knew he must hurry, and he
cnew he had lost his chance to achieve
what had been impossible all the time,
jut he was not afraid.

  Tugging at Dorn’s yielding body, he
found the hard butt of the .45. He
snatched it free, relief an actual physical
sensation. Pivoting on his knees, he
turned to fire a shot at Lange.

  The gun came up in his hand with
agonizing sluggishness. Visual impres-
sions came across the room with an
impacting force. He checked his tighten-
ing finger just in time—when he realized
Sylvia was standing between himself and
Lange. She was clawing at the man,
while he tried both to fling her to one
side and shoot at Joe. That explained
why all of Lange’s shots had been going
so wild.

  Crouching there under the scanty pro-
tection of the table, waiting to get in a
shot without endangering Sylvia, Joe
tried to locate old John. The white-
haired man was nowhere to be seen, nor
had he been in evidence since this melee
started. Then Joe forgot him. Lange
had cuffed Sylvia to one side with his
elbow, and had taken snap-shot aim and
fired. The bullet plucked at Joe’s shoul-
der, just as he himself threw in a shot.
He couldn’t tell whether it was effective.
Sylvia was back there, fighting, trying to
hold Lange off. The moment Joe had
waited for had come and passed.

  He raised himself into a crouch, ready
to leap across and engage the other hand-
to-hand. He couldn’t risk another shot,
with Sylvia weaving in and out between
himself and Lange. Tensing the muscles
of his right leg, he came up gradually.
Intent upon timing his attack, he did not
see Dorn stir and open his eyes and esti-
mate the situation in a swift survey. It
puzzled him and enraged him when
Lange threw down his gun and grabbed
Sylvia by the shoulders and swung her
into his line of fire. If he had looked
behind him, he would have seen Dorn
rising to his feet unsteadily, gun in hand,
and he would have known that it was
Dorn’s fire Lange was trying to avoid,
if Dorn missed Joe.

  But as it was, through the smoke and
dull light, Joe could not see the focus
of Lange’s eyes. And he never felt
Dorn’s blow at all, when the gun-butt
crashed down upon his skull.

HE awoke with the pain of that blow
still jerking at his nerves. His head
felt bursting. A sweetish taste of pow-
der lay deep in his throat when he swal-
lowed, and there was a great roaring in
his ears. Beyond the roaring, he could
hear Dorn saying in an utterly relent-
92

the blue Book magazine;

less pronouncement, “Of course I’m go-
ing to rub the so-and-so out. Right now,
by God! But I’m not going to do it
here. He’s going into the swamp. Where
the hell is that old man? I need help,
and you’ve got to stay with the moll.
What time is it?”

  “Twelve o’clock,” said Lange. “Just
about time for the news broadcast.” He
sounded excited, but underneath the ex-
citement, he sounded upset. “Don’t be
a damn’ fool, Dorn. You don’t have to
kill him—” He paused, interrupted by
Sylvia’s hysterical sobbing. Joe heard
his heavy, spaced footsteps crossing the
far side of the room, and his voice came
again, more softly: “That won’t do you
no good. I’d untie you, sister, but you
scratched my face.”

  “But let me see if he’s hurt!” Sylvia
sobbed, and her voice trailed away.

  Dorn’s steely cold voice grated, “Gag
her, dammit! Do something to stop that
sniveling.”

 Lange moved across the room and
then back. “Take it easy, can’t you,
sister? Do you want a towel in your
face?”

  The sobbing ceased. Lange went on,
to Dorn, “The thing to do is get out of
here, with the dame. Leave this guy in
the shack. He’ll come around pretty
soon. He’ll have to walk out of the
swamp, see—only he’ll never get out.

The airplane—somebody’ll find it, and
they’ll think he landed at this shack and
found nobody and tried to walk out. So
we won’t have that on us. But we got to
move out o’ here, quick—and a murder
won’t do any—”

“Why we got to move?” Dorn demand-
ed sullenly.

“Because somebody’ll be looking for
this guy, when he doesn’t show up in his

                 :fe

                                                V*

           V

Vss.i

plane, see? But what I’m arguing is
you’re a fool to do murder when it aint
necessary. When it’s necessary—”

  “You bucking: me, Lange?” Dorn chal-
lenged with a deadly calm. “Am I run-
ning this snatch, and are you taking
orders? We’re gonna bump this guy,
see?”

  Silence slid over the room, heavy with
irresolution. Joe Marvin opened his
eyes, and found that he was lying by the
upturned table on the floor. He could
see Dorn from the spill of his vision.
Dorn had a bloDdy handkerchief around
his head, and was pacing back and forth
between the hallway and the porch door.
Lange was sitting by the radio now, his
THE LAIR IN

thin face pinched with strain and inde-
cision. Sylvia was out of sight, and Joe
did not call attention to himself by turn-
ing his head.

  The dry throbbing of that pain in his
head sucked at hi;> vitality, confusing
thought. But he knew that he was
trapped. There we.s no hope for him,
no matter what they did with Sylvia.
Dorn would brook no opposition from
Lange, and Lange lacked the force of
character to uphold his convictions.

  Yet in the time still left to him, he
searched for a means of frustrating Dorn.
Given enough time, he might with pa-
tience gain some slim opportunity. But
he knew that Dorn was going to act
quickly. When that action came, the
small furious burst: of desperation left
in Joe would avail nothing.

AT Lange’s side, the radio erupted a
» slur of static, followed by a mellow
gong, and then a sing-song voice that
said, “WSB—the Atlanta Journal, At-
lanta, Georgia. The Journal covers Dixie
like the dew.” The: voice grew crisp and
faintly nasal. “News flashes of the day:

THE SWAMP	93

Sylvia Paulling, kidnaped daughter of
Dan Paulling, Atlanta millionaire, has
not been ransomed yet. The intermedi-
ary twice has failed to meet Paulling at
the rendezvous to receive the money.
Joe Marvin, friend of the family, took
off this morning in his own plane in an
effort to locate Sylvia in the depths of
the Okefenokee Swamp, airport attaches
have made known. He has been gone
more than two hours beyond the limit
of his fuel supply, and as yet is unre-
ported. Fearing he is down in the
swamp, searching parties are leaving At-
lanta immediately by air to comb the
area. The hide-out of the Ashley gang
has never been located in the past, but
this time it is going to be, officials prom-
ise. . . . Flash! Rome, Italy. . . .
Italian legions are marching again to-
day—” The radio went off abruptly as
Lange turned the volume down.

  Dorn had stopped at the doorway of
the porch, his breathing audible in the
intense quiet which had followed that
announcement. He stared out across
the dismal, mist-blurred swamp, and
suddenly whirled back to Lange, the
recklessness of his hard face exaggerated
by the bright fierceness of his eyes.

“Can you tie that?” he snarled. “This
guy come down here by hisself—meant
to find us all the time!” He came over
and stirred Joe with his foot. “Listen,
you—how’d you find us?”

Joe sat up slowly, holding his head
with both hands. The pain was terrible.
He wondered if his skull were fractured,
then realized that it made no difference.
He opened his eyes wider, fighting the
pain, and met Dorn’s gaze.

“You can’t see this shack from the
level of the swamp, but you can, from
the air. I kept looking till I found it.”

^ ' ’ was clawing at
Lange; that explained
why his shots had gone
so wild. Joe crouched
under the scanty protec-
tion of the table, waiting
to get in a shot without
endangering Sylvia.
94

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

  Dorn’s square face took on an unac-
customed look of doubt. He stalked
across the room. “You’re right,” he said
violently to Lange. “They never found
us before because they never hunted us
with airplanes before. We’ll have to
move fast. But the punk—he stays right
here.” He stirred his big frame into
a quick stride toward the hallway, call-
ing, “John!” There was no answer.

  Joe looked across at Sylvia, wrists and
ankles bound with a light cord, sitting
in a bent-wood chair beside the window.
She looked badly frightened, yet under-
neath that was a deathless courage. He
sent her a quick smile, across the room,
and she tried bravely to smile back at
him. He forced back a desperate temp-
tation to launch a fresh attack on Lange.
He must wait. . . . Painfully he got up
and limped to a chair and sank into it.

FROM the rear of the shack, a door
banged, shuffling feet came in, their
sound mingled with the voluble abuse
which Dorn was heaping on old John.

  “The rat thought he’d grab the dugout
and fix us so we couldn’t get out o’ the
swamp,” Dorn explained in a furiously
sharp rage. He reached out and twist-
ed the faded collar of John’s hunting-
coat tight around his wrinkled throat.
“Damn you, I ought to throw your car-
cass to the alligators. Where’s a good
hide-out? We’ve got to scram—tonight
—before night—now!”

  Old John sat there as if numb, while
fear stiffened his lips. “Hit don’t make
no difference about me,” he mumbled.
“What happened to my Ben?”

  “Yeah! ” sneered Lange. “What did
happen to him? The radio just said he
aint collected nothing yet. This guy
Marvin found us with a airplane and
there’s others looking for him with air-
planes—and they’ll find him. So we
gotta scram. We’ll rub Ben out when
we find him—that’s what’s going to hap-
pen to that rat.”

  Old John looked down at his gnarled
hands, laced finger over finger in his lap.
His face showed nothing. A minute
passed. And then, slowly, he underwent
a strange transition. Some violent im-

Crisoned emotion set his lips to trem-
ling. His voice took on a shrill hope-
less desperation. “Hit aint like Ben,”
he protested. “Ye forged a killin’ on
him that he never done—ye forced me
to harbor ye. I never had no trust for
either of ye—and this’s more’n I cain
tolerate. I’m old. I been a honest trap-

per. Do what ye’re; a mind—but I be
done with all o’ ye!” His voice broke.

  Dorn listened him out, and laughed
with cold malice. “Ben’s in with us,”
he said indifferently. “One word from us
and Ben gets the hot-squat for this job.
Old man, you’d better take us out o’ here
—and fast.”

  Old John only sat there apathetically,
looking across the swamp. His mouth
was pinched and bitter. Weariness lined
his cheeks, tumping them gray. But the
resistance he had kicked before came
now with sudden violence.

  “Ye can murder me and murder Ben if
ye’re so minded—but I aint takin’ ye
nowhere,” he said firmly.

  Joe Marvin sensed the subtle change
in Dorn and Lange, and that change
made him think of something. They
were city men, and without John’s help
they were trapped in ;his morass of wild-
erness. John knew i:he waterways and
trails. So they could not destroy him
without bringing almost certain destruc-
tion to themselves. Lange knew that,
and Dorn must know it, too.

  But the scheme Joe considered, as
he sat there with his head throbbing
from that pistol-blow, was the possibil-t
ity of using his airplane as a weapon.
The risk to himself would be tremendous.
But it was a slim chance, and all he
wanted was a slim chance. Danger to
himself he discounted As things stood,
he was as good as dsad, for he would
be dead before the night wore on.

  “If you’ve got to get out of here,” he
said to Dorn, showing no great interest,
“maybe I can fly you cut. There’s thirty
minutes’ gas left in my tanks. That’s
enough to get beyond the swamp, at
least—out to a highway.”

  Dorn fastened cold, suspecting eyes
upon him. “Where you’re going you
won’t be any help,” he said curtly.

  Joe shrugged, outwardly indifferent.
“My plane will be spotted from the air.
The clouds are lifting and the fog is
thinning out. By the time you get
started in a boat, there’ll be somebody
searching this vicinity. I’ll njake a deal
with you to try to tak» you out.”

LANGE pursed wary lips. “What do
j you mean ?”

  “Leave Miss Paullin? here with John.
I’ll fly you to the emergency field at
Folkston—fifty miles—where you can
get a car. You go your way and I go
mine—I’ll forget I ever saw you in my
life.”
THE LAIR IN

  Dorn snorted, “And leave go a hun-
dred-grand doll! Nix! We take her
and we keep her, punk.”

  Joe shook his head, fighting the pain,
weighing his arguments. He had so few
that would appeal to men like Dorn and
Lange. And then, suddenly, he saw
their weakness. Cupidity had brought
them this far and cupidity might take
them on to their undoing. He said
smoothly, “Mr. Paulling has been trying
for two days to pay the ransom, but he
couldn’t make contact with your pay-off
man. It will be some time before John
can get Miss Paulling out of the swamp
—you know that. By that time, you two
can get to Atlanta and collect the ran-
som, yourselves—and leave the pay-off
man out of it entirely.”

DORN’S crafty eye,? narrowed in an
appreciative speculation. Confront-
ing him, Joe felt keer.ly his distrust of all
humanity. Dorn grated, “There’s plenty
G-men might be waiting at this Folk-
ston. You might fly us to Atlanta and
dump us in their lap.”

  With a taunting derision, Joe returned,
“Haven’t you got guns to see to that ?
Because your pay-off man has lost his
nerve, are you both losing yours? Don’t
worry about my lane ing you at Folkston,
if I get you off the ground at all.” He
paused, watching them. Lange’s face
mirrored his indecision. Dorn was wor-
rying at this tempting bait. Hope
surged violently in Joe. Looking at
John, trying to judge how much he could
trust the old man with the care of
Sylvia, he found that wrinkled face se-
rene and reassuring,

  “It sounds too easy,” Dorn grumbled.
“It aint right—I got a feeling it aint
right, Lange. But we gotta git out o’
here.” He made a nervous circle of the
room, feet sounding harshly on the rough
pine floor. He seemed to have forgotten
Sylvia, the threats he made at old John
while ago. Pinning his narrowed glance
on Joe’s smooth, indifferent countenance,
he suddenly drew that .45 from his belt
and deftly balanced it in his hand. “All
right, punk,” he said with a dangerous
sibilance. “Let’s get out of here. But
remember—one move—and you get a
quick slug through the belly.”

  Joe disregarded their impatience. He
crossed the room to Sylvia, loosening her
bonds with swift tenderness. Her voice
was urgent. “Joe, be careful, darling! I
wish we could go back together—I wish
you didn’t have to ;jo—alone.”

THE SWAMP	95

  He thought sharply about what he
planned to do, out at the end of the
hummock, in the deep swamp. As he
considered what might happen there, a
kind of smothering breathlessness came
over him, and his cheeks felt stiff. It
was time for him to go, but he couldn’t
go, yet. Thrusting back all thought of
the future, living to the fullness of this
moment, he fought at the emotion which
ripped through him. “I adore you,” he
murmured with a tense gentleness. “Al-
ways.” He took her into his arms, and
her kiss was fervent with surrender.

  They marched back to the hummock,
Joe leading, Dorn and Lange following,
single file. The sky was still leaden with
low scudding clouds, and mist slanted
into the swamp grass while the chill wind
brushed across their heads. Considering
the ceiling, Joe realized that there would
be no “break” in the weather for some
hours. If this plan of his failed, every-
thing would fail with it; life would come
to an end with that failure. But he must
not, he could not fail.

  The Lockheed was standing as he had
left it. Pausing at the wing, he looked
north, measuring the length of the hum-
mock with practised eye, estimating the
length of the runway. He said, “We’ll
have to tramp down the grass as much
as we can, so the ship can get speed.
And I want to walk down to the end of
the hummock and step off the distance.”

  “Don’t try no stall,” Dorn warned
suspiciously.

  Joe laughed at that perennial distrust.
Appearing to count his steps, he paced
through the grass, his trousers whisking
noisily. Grass seeds and moisture cov-
ered his garments to his hips. The chill
wind turned him cold, but he paid no
attention to discomfort.

IN his mind, he was feeeing again a day
when he had been a cadet at Kelly
Field, on solo stage. He was seeing a
DH come in slowly for a landing, an in-
structor in the rear cockpit, a student in
the front one. The plane landed high, and
pancaked hard—and the landing gear
gave way as the ship nosed over briskly.
The thing that stuck in Joe Marvin’s
busy mind was the remembrance of see-
ing the figure of the instructor sail out
of the rear cockpit in a perfect parabola,
and strike the ground and roll safely
from the vicious impact of the tail group
as it slammed over on the earth. The
cadet in the front cockpit, with his belt
tight about his thighs, had stayed there
96	THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

as the plane crushed down upon the
fuselage—as smoke topped furiously out
of spreading dust.

  So	now what Joe sought was a place
to manufacture a similar disaster on
this hummock, with Dorn and Lange
belted securely in the front cockpit of
this plane—while he, unencumbered by
his belt, was catapulted from the rear
one as the craft nosed over. For Dorn
and Lange, if Joe chose his location care-
fully enough, it would be certain cap-
ture. For even if they were not hurt,
they would be held prisoners in the for-
ward cockpit, the opening closed against
the earth, the weight of the whole air-
plane pinning them there until they were
released from the outside. As for him-
self, Joe had seen too many planes nose
over not to know the danger. But he
knew also the certainty with which the
plan would work. He would be thrown
out, if he left his belt loose—but whether
he would be hurt in being thrown out
was something which he would have to
leave to chance.

  But if he could find a place where the
hummock slanted steeply to deep water,
he would have a place to fall without
injury to himself. The water needed to
be deep. Joe’s blood pulsed with a sus-
taining excitement.

  Dorn and Lange paced with him
through the grass.

  Ahead of them, the hummock sloped
gently into greenish scum that extended
half a dozen yards to a low muck bank
across the stream. This place wouldn’t
do. The plane might not nose over
properly, and there was no place for Joe
to dive. But he only said, “We’ll need
to tramp more grass.”

  “Get a move on,” Lange growled. “We
aint got all day.”

WITHOUT reply Joe swung back to-
ward the south. He scanned the
hummock edge closely, thinking that if
he found deep water there, he might per-
haps swerve the plane in the take-off
run. But there was no water deep
enough. They passed the plane and went
toward the southern end of the grass-
covered strip of land, while Joe patient-
ly explained that he would have to start
the take-off run from there.

  And there, at the south end, the water
ran deep and black past the low border
of the ground. It was a hundred and
fifty feet from one bank to the other.
This, Joe realized instantly, was the
place where he must crash.

  But tautly he debated the hazard of
that crash. He would have to take off
downwind,—from the north to the south
of the island,—in order to plunge the
Lockheed in this stream. If either Dorn
or Lange knew anything of flying, they
would suspect, perhaps, what he intend-
ed, when he started in that final run.
And even if they didn’t, the hazards of
doing it this way were desperate. Down-
wind, the plane would nose over much
more violent^. Joii’s chances of coming
out alive were infinitely decreased. He
might easily be stunned or even killed
when he was flung into the water. If
he sustained any in. ury, he would not be
able to swim back to shore. Standing
at the brink, he went over each element
of danger. But it was the only way.

AS they tramped back to the plane,
. Joe, watchful of their expressions,
explained that perhaps the plane could
beat down the grass faster than they
could. He said, “Ml fire up. You
get in, and we’ll taxi back and forth.
When I’ve beaten down a runway, I’ll
swing around and we’ll take off.” He
waited in breathless anxiety while they
considered this proposal with customary
wariness. Dorn eased his gun around
where he could get it easily. He said
“Okay, punk.” He waited while Lange
climbed into the cockpit. On reconsid-
eration, he held the automatic in his
hand, and followed.

  Joe got in. He pumped the primer
nervously. Alert in every sense, the
pungent reek of gasoline was pleasant
to his nostrils, somehow steadying to his
hands. But inside him was a trembling
uncertainty which he could not over-
come. The starter motor whined upward
through a grating octave as it leaped ten
thousand revvs; Joe jerked the clutch
and the prop arced over and the exhaust
emitted a blatant rosr.

  For ten minutes he sat there. His
mind was queerly accelerated, waiting
for the thing to coire. He thought of
Sylvia, and wondered how soon she and
old John would start through the swamp
in the dugout, along the water trails. He
wondered if old John would get her out
so she could telephone her father before
the ransom had been paid. He won-
dered how he himseli' would get out of
the swamp, if they started now, before
the crash—and he survived it. Then he

?|uit thinking. He climbed out on the
uselage and reached down and fastened
the long belt securely around Dorn and
THE LAIR IN

Lange. Tightly, so that it would hold
them fast, no matter what the Lockheed
struck. And with a kind of numb single-
ness of purpose, he climbed back to his
seat and blasted power to the engine.

  They taxied down the grassy hum-
mock, rocking on the inequalities of
ground. At the end, Joe turned around.
From the cabin, now, no sign of life was
visible. There was no use waiting; the
time to do this thing was here. Joe
checked the ends o: his own belt, to be
sure they would not tangle in his cloth-
ing as he catapulted, and, facing south,
downwind, he poured gun to the engine,
all the way.

  The Lockheed bumped unsteadily.
Grass flew up in a brown spray from the
prop. The wings whipped through the
stuff with a hollow singing sound. They
accelerated with amazing quickness to
fifty miles an hour, but no more than
that. Grass caught at the wings and
landing gear, and the plane could not
have got off, had Joe wished it. His
goggles off his eyes, he was trying to see
ahead, to judge the moment when he
must shove forward on the stick—as the
wheels plunged down into the water. It
.was funny, to see Dorn sitting there in
the spurious security of that forward
cockpit, guarding against trickery. Try-
ing to imagine how surprised those two
were going to be, Joe tensed himself and
got one hand on :he cowling, as black
water showed up on both sides of the
nose.

  His actions camt: as a smooth sequence
of coordination, after that. He was
conscious of the flooding movement of
brown grass beneath the wings; he was
conscious of amazement that they were
going to strike so quickly and so hard.
And then, like a horse stumbling at full
gallop, the Lockheed’s wheels leaped
that little slope of ground—and sank in-
to the water. Joe shoved forward on the
stick, and shoved forward on the cowl-
ing, too. The nose wenfdown, the whole
thing sickeningly sudden, yet not unex-
pected. The prop was knifing water and
the engine’s noise was flooding past the
cockpit windshield with a kind of sub-
merged thunder, while spray and grass
seemed to form a cloud there in the air.

JOE felt himself picked up gently and
propelled headfirst through space. He
did not even realize that his cheek
had left a patch of skin upon the wind-
shield frame. “Ja.ckknifing,” he went up
and up and floated there for an incred-

THE SWAMP	97

ibly long time, while under him was un-
substantial space, and the blur of a red
airplane striking silver in the water,
turning end for end. Joe got his hands
in front of him; then the black blur hit
him in the face and he was half stunned
by the blow. The icy coldness of that
impact was like a jolt of high voltage,
and he couldn’t get his breath, but then
he kicked his way up from the bottom
and emerged. Behind him, after he had
shaken water from his eyes, debris and
grass were still settling in the air above
a furiously roiled area of the stream.

  And in the center of the stream, two
wheels were thrust up by the twin struts
of the landing gear. No other portion
of the Lockheed showed. A slick of oil
was forming there amid a ghastly silence
that had echoed back across the gray
reaches of the dismal swamp.

THE dugout moved along the silent
water lane, widening a V-shaped rip-
ple with its bow, Sylvia Paulling sat
amidship, riding forward; Joe Marvin
rested in cross-legged discomfort, facing
her. He kept reliving the raw excite-
ment of that moment back there in the
sunken plane, muscles tensing in reac-
tion still. Dorn’s cleverness in crime had
been based upon his natural distrust of
everyone around him, but it had been his
ultimate undoing, too. If he had not
been so intently suspicious of what Joe
meant to do after they got into the air,
he might have seen what Joe was trying
to do before they got into the air!

  But Joe tried to forget all that, as he
watched Sylvia. She was lovely. She
was looking at him shyly, with a kind of
lambent radiance. Old John was behind
them, standing upright in the stern,
sphinx-like, statuesque and tireless, pol-
ing the dugout down this swamp trail
which he knew so intimately. Joe wished
something might be done for John, and
he resolved to try.

  As Sylvia leaned forward and gently
touched his hand, it seemed to Joe that
life could never have been quite so full
without this frightful episode which had
awakened him to her. The world was a
queer place! No matter how dangerous
a situation was, after it was past, you
wouldn’t wish to have had it changed,
much, for fear the whole course of your
life might also change. . . . He smiled
at Sylvia with a deep tenderness, a deep
contentment, while the boat slipped in
utter silence between ghostly cypresses
that towered in the misty dusk.
        rses
<iAre More Human

The distinguished author of “Strange Woman,” “The Keys
of the City” and “Morals for Moderns” hene contributes a
brief but unforgetable war-time drama.

By Elmer Day i s

BY midsummer of 1862 the young
men had all gone away—all the
able-bodied ones, e: -ept those who
had families to support; and Silas
Brumby. Nobody knew why Si hadn’t
enlisted; he was a queer fellow, with no
family, no close friends; he never talked
much except to the horses he took care
of at the livery-stable. It was Judge
Woods who put it squarely up to him at
last—old Judge Woods, who had fought
under Harrison in 1812.

  “A big strong fellow like you, Si, with
no home ties, ought to be in the army.”

Si	chewed on a straw, and said nothing.
“You ride like a centaur,” the Judge per-
sisted. (“Whatever that is,” thought
Si.) “You’re better with horses, you
know more about horses, than any other
man in this town. You’re a born cavalry-
man. . . . And don’t you care about sav-
ing the Union?”

  “Sure I do. But I’d hate to kill any-
body, Judge—even a Rebel.”

  “You?” the Judge-snorted. “Why, I
saw you half kill a man with your fists
last year, on the courthouse square. They
had to drag you off him.”

  “He was beatin’ a horse,” Si explained.
“A worn-out horse that couldn’t have
pulled that dray out of the mud. I hate
to see horses hurt.”

  “I didn’t hear the horse complaining,”
the Judge muttered.

  “You wouldn’t. A horse, he don’t like
to be hurt; but if he is hurt, he’ll take
an awful lot without a whimper. . . .
Unless he’s too bad hurt—”

  Si	shuddered. There it came again,
out of the depths of his memory—that
horrible scream, like an enormously mag-
nified neigh, but a cry of unendurable
agony, fie couldn’t have been more
than four years old when he heard that—

  the day old Baldy slipped on the icy
bridge, and plunged through the rail onto
the rocky ledge below. But he never
would forget it. . . .

  “There’d be a lot of that in a battle,”
said Si uneasily. “Horses gettin’ bad
hurt, I mean. I don’t know as I could
stand it.”

  “Horses? My God, you don’t think
they’re more human than people, do
you ? When men are getting hurt, being
killed—”

  “I figure they askec for it, Judge. But*
the horses—it aint their war—nor even
their Union, so far as they know. Don’t
seem fair for them to get hurt. I hate
to think of it! ” Si shuddered again.

  “Hell!” said the Judge, disgusted.
“You hate to think of getting hurt your-
self, more likely. They’re talking of a
draft, Brumby, to catch the men who
won’t volunteer. ... I hope to God it
catches you!”

  And in due time it did.

THE First Michigan had gone over the
guns in the road, cutting down the
gray-clad gunners; the Seventh Michigan
was trotting up in support. Sergeant
Brumby peered vainly into the murk of
dust and smoke ahead; but on the left the
air was clearer, and between the trotting
ranks he caught a glimpse of long lines of
dismounted men advancing under fire.
The Rebels had stopped an attack up that
way, earlier; but this new General Sheri-
dan didn’t stay stopped ; he was at them
again—and Sergeant Brumby, at last,
was in what you could call a real battle.

  Not that he hadn’t seen plenty of
action—outpost skirmishes, the raid to
Charlottesville in the winter, fighting
back there in the Wilderness last week.
Plenty of action—and he hadn’t minded

98
Illustrated bylGrattan Condon

99
100	HORSES ARE

it half as much as he had expected. The
whine of bullets was no fun, of course,
but pretty soon you were too busy to
think much about it. And as for killing
—when a crowd of men in blue fired
their carbines or revolvers at a crowd of
men in gray, how could you know who
had hit the men who fell ? And the secret
horror that was lurking in his memory
had never been awakened, yet. Si Brum-
by had seen horses killed, horses wound-
ed—but by bullets. A horse could take
that; it needed more than a bullet-
wound to evoke that shriek of agony.

THE trot quickened to a canter;
Sergeant Brumby’s revolver was out,
ready; his knees tightened on Painter’s
flanks. Good old Painter—the best horse
he had ever ridden, the best friend he
had ever had. It was Painter’s alertness
and speed that had saved him last winter,
when he ran into one of Fitzhugh Lee’s
patrols. . . . He’d need a good horse to-
day; this was getting hotter. From the
front came a heavier burst of firing, the
screeching Rebel yell. Another screech;
a shell flew overhead, exploding a little
way behind him; he saw a puff of smoke
floating away from the gun that had fired
it, across the fields. And now, toward
the right flank where Sergeant Brumby
rode, a straggling crowd of horsemen in
gray came galloping, firing as they came.

  He pointed his revolver at the crowd,
fired again and again. So did others;
the men in gray—not so many, after all
—checked their horses, firing into the
flank of the blue column dS it galloped
past. Brumby saw an officer with a flow-
ing bronze beard, heard his silvery voice
even above the firing: “Give it to them,
boys! Give it to them!”

*	Up ahead, something was wrong; the
column slowed down, ranks crowded
ranks, horse jostling horse. The First
had been struck by a countercharge, was
being pushed back; the press grew thick-
er; men began to turn their horses; the
whole column was drifting toward the
rear. Sergeant Brumby drew Painter
aside, out of the jam. Now a man could
see where he was, what he could do—

  A terrific concussion; he was pitched
headlong over Painter’s neck, and hit
the ground so hard that for an instant
he lay stunned. And then he came back
to consciousness—the shuddering con-
sciousness of a four-year-old child, sud-
denly aware of undreamed-of horror. It
rang again in his ears—that magnified
neigh, a scream of intolerable agony.

MORE HUMAN

. He staggered to his feet. His cap was
gone; his saber had flown out of the
scabbard, fallen a dozen feet away. . . .
To hell with that thirg! He didn’t need
it while he still had his revolver. Maybe
he wasn’t badly hurt, or even hurt at all;
but Painter—old Painter, his best friend,
lay there screaming, his bowels half torn
out by the exploding shell.

  Sergeant Brumby shook his arms,
howling curses*at them all. The gun
that had got Painter was far away; but
that gray line was close, and the bronze-
bearded officer in command was laugh-
ing. Laughing! For the first time. in
his life Si Brumby took deliberate aim
at a particular man, and fired. The
bronze-bearded man swayed in the
saddle; his hat flew off. With a grin of
vindictive satisfaction Si turned back to
his horse. Good old Painter, dying in
agony; there was one thing his best
friend could still do for him. Si shut his
eyes, thrust the muzjle of his revolver
against Painter’s forehead, pulled the
trigger. The bang, the recoil, told him
that Painter’s troubles were over; but
he turned clear around, away from what
he couldn’t bear to look at, before he,
opened his eyes—and saw a horseman in
gray coming at him, swinging a saber....

AROUND the bronze-bearded man
. there had risen cries of consterna-
tion : “The General! The General! ” An
officer seized his bridle rein, led his
horse to the rear; another officer—only
a boy, red-eyed from smoke and sleep-
lessness—stared in horror at that in-
credible sight, and then looked back at
the Union sergeant, bending over a fallen
horse.

  “He got Jeb Stuart!” the boy groaned.
“Damn him, he got Jeb Stuart!”

  Jeb Stuart, the greatest man in the boy
officer’s world—the knightly commander
who always went intc battle gay and
laughing. The boy officer raised his re-
volver, pulled the trigger. . . . Empty!
He flung it away; he’d rather do this
job with a saber, anyway. He wished he
could do it with his bare hands. He
spurred his horse forward.

  Si Brumby looked up at him con-
temptuously. Saber, huh? He leveled
his revolver at the gray-coated body,
squeezed the trigger. ... A click. He
jerked the trigger in frantic haste; an-
other click, another. And as the swing-
ing saber came down on his head, he
realized that he had fired his priceless
last bullet into his horse.
The Tattooed <^\Tan

THE EIGHTH WONDER
OF THE Womol

The doctor swung around, his eyes
blazing. “Has unybody been fooling
about wi:h this body?”

"* | ’HE tattooed man has died,” said
I Isaac Heron quietly. “I thought
X you would like to see the body be-
fore it is buried.”

  Detective Inspector Graves, swathed
in a raincoat, his bowler hat dripping
wet, exploded amazement and exasper-
ation at his friend the gypsy. They stood
on the edge of a fair-ground, where a
gasoline lamp hissed and spluttered in
the rain.

  “D’you really mean to tell me, Heron,
that you’ve brought me from a comfort-
able fireside to this God-forsaken part of
London to see a corpse! Good heavens,
don’t I see enough bodies in the course
of my work?”

  “But not tattooed bodies,” said Isaac
Heron, with a queer smile.

  The gypsy detective Isaac Heron

  solves one of his strangest cases.

By William
J. Makin

  “But you said this tattooed man had
died.”

  “Oh, everything is in order,” said the
gypsy. “The doctor has signed the death-
certificate, and the poor fellow is to be
buried in the morning. Unless you stop
it.”

  Detective Inspector Graves frowned.

  “But why should I? If the doctor is
satisfied that the man died from natural
causes—”

  Isaac Heron shrugged his shoulders.

  “Better come inside the tent out of
the rain, anyhow,” he suggested.

  And because this well-to-do gypsy had
on a numbq; of occasions been of very
real help in solving difficult cases, the
Scotland Yard man followed the lithe
figure of Isaac Heron into that maze of
drenched light that called itself, ironi-
cally, a Fun Fair.

  They passed gaudy roundabouts churn-
ing out last year’s jazz. Booths with
dart-throwers, shooting galleries with
spouting celluloid balls, and lemonade
stalls with bellied bowls of yellow liq-
uid impeded their progress. Eventually,
pushing through an apathetic and drift-
ing crowd of damp people, they reached
a dark, deserted booth where no lights
were flaring.

  It was possible, however, to glimpse
a gaudy painting of a man whose torso
was smothered with fantastic and writh-
ing designs.

  Graves stopped to read an announce-
ment on a signboard which assaulted the
eyes with the wording:
102

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

See The Eighth Wonder Of The World
The Greatest Of All
Tattooed Men
Elmer Hayes
He Bears 350 Designs
Uniquely Artistic
On Every Part Of His Body
Walk Up and See Him
for Yourself.

“And so he’s dead, eh?” said Graves.

  “Died in front of a crowd of thirty
people who had paid threepence each to
see him.”

  “Well, I suppose they thought they’d
had their money’s worth 1 ”

Illustrated by
Herve Stein

hat. He found himself regarding two
trestles which upheld a coffin in which
lay the body of Elmer Hayes, the Tat-
tooed Man.

  Even in death that purple-pricked
body was exhibited. The huge chest dis-
played a series of fantastic designs—
butterflies, snakes, airplanes winging

“He must have suf-
fered,” muttered the
Scotland Yard man.
“Poisoned! "wheezed
a voice at his elbow.

  Graves stumbled up the wooden steps,
across a little platform, and followed the
gypsy into the booth.

  A strange scene was revealed. A single
low-burning lamp was slung from the
canvas roof. A group of figures, as fan-
tastic as any painted by Goya, were
clustered beneath it. The Fat Lady, in
a baby frock, glycerine-like tears squeez-
ing from her eyes. The Lion-tamer,
uncomfortably tapping his stained rid-
ing-breeches with a whip. Three dwarfs
standing on chairs to peer over the shoul-
ders of others. Shirt-sleeved men from
the booths, and a solitary Italian ice-
cream vendor.

  The group fell apart as Isaac Heron
advanced, and in the dim light their faces
seemed filled with genuine sorrow. For
a moment Graves hesitated; then, with
an uncomfortable feeling, he removed his

among purple clouds, hearts with dag-
gers in them and purple blood dripping,
a Union Jack and tie American Stars
and Stripes, a clipper on a rough purple
sea—there was no end to the conglomer-
ation of pictures.

BUT it was to the now rigid face that
Graves turned his gaze. Although the
eyes were closed and the face possessed
a semblance of peace in death, there was
something drawn, something tortured, in
those features that suggested the end
was no happy one.

  “He must have suffered,” muttered the
Scotland Yard man.

  “Poisoned!” wheezed a voice at his
very elbow.

  The detective turned. A mustached
man with eyes magnified by spectacles
was standing there.
THE TATTOOED MAN

103

 ‘•What d’you mean by that—poi-
soned ?” snapped Graves.

  “Just what I said, poisoned,” went on
the mustached man. “Poisoned by his
tea, I should say. He would eat mussels,
and drink any sort of liquor that was
given to him. Tha t was the tea he had
before he died. I warned him against

on the back of the body, Doctor, if you’ve
no objection,” he said, holding a match
to the cigarette.

  “None at all. Delighted,” said the
medical man. “Allow me.”

  He plunged his hands into the coffin
and with a deft twist of powerful wrists
turned the body over. The back of the
corpse was revealed, also smothered in
purple-pricked designs.

“I think I’ve seen enough,” grunted
Graves. There was something about

it. Told him his stomach couldn’t stand
it. But of course he paid no attention.
Nobody ever does, to me. But I come
in at the death.”

  He cackled, in a grim fashion.

 “Who are yov, anyhow?” asked the
Inspector.

  “A doctor,” replied the other, twisting
his mustache importantly. “They call
me the shilling doctor, but I don’t al-
ways get my shilling.”

  “And you say this man was poisoned ?”
“By himself! Acute toxins resulting
from indigestion attacking the heart. Or
as we physicians call it, gastric enteritis.
You’ll find that on the death-certificate.
. . . Have you a match?”

  His tobacco-slained mouth was slant-
ing a cigarette at the detective.

  But it was Isaac Heron who obliged.
  “I’d like my friend to see the designs

A low-burning lamp revealed a
fantastic group clustered about
a coffin in which lay the body
of the Tattooed Man.

this group of freaks and the sardonic
“shilling doctor” that made him feel sick,
and he was anxious to regain the rain-
slashed darkness of the open air.

  “But I particularly want you to see
this design, Graves,” insisted the quiet
voice of Isaac Heron.

  Reluctantly, the Inspector followed the
pointing brown finger and bent his head
nearer. For among that phantasmagoria
of dragons and flaming torches and yawn-
ing crocodiles was a tombstone. And
marked on the tombstone, minutely
pricked but clearly discernible were the
words:

Sacred To The Memory Of
Elmer Hayes
Died Nov. 30, 1935

                                     Y.S.

  “And when did this poor fellow die?”
asked Graves.

  “Yesterday,” replied the doctor im-
portantly. He was not looking at the
body. “You will find it on the death
104

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

certificate, which is quite in order. ‘Gas-
tric enteritis. November 30, 1935.’ ”
“Thank you, Doctor,” said Isaac Her-
on.

  “But—but has he seen this?” blurted
out Graves.

  “Seen what?” asked the physician. He
bent down over the corpse. “Umph!
That’s queer. November 30th. The
very day he died. I wonder how he
got that tattoo mark?”

  “It seems fairly recent to me,” said
Heron.

  The doctor nodded. “Yes, it is. Very
recent.” He swung round upon the little
group of freaks. “Has anybody been
fooling about with this body?”

  His eyes were blazing behind the
spectacles.

A SHIRT-SLEEVED individual pushed

his way forward.

  “P’raps I can explain, guv’nor!”
  “Who are you?”

  The shirt-sleeved individual jerked his
head in the direction of the body.

  “He was my show. I paid him his
wages.”

  “And what do you know about this
tattoo mark?” demanded Graves.

  The showman scratched his head.
“Well, guv’nor, all I can say is he had
it done hisself. He was alius anxious to
add a new picture to his collection, as
it were. Most big towns we stopped at,
he would look round for a tattooer and
ask for a new picture. That one you’re
looking at now was done about a week
ago. Leastways, that’s when Elmer
started going to a new tattooer he’d
found.”

  The doctor grunted.

  “Well, that explains it,” He turned to
the Scotland Yard man and the gypsy.
“Seen enough?”

  “Quite enough, thank you, Doctor,”
said Isaac Heron.

  Deftly the body was turned over. As
the men moved away, the group of show
people, the freaks, the dwarfs, and the
workers closed in again upon the coffin
and resumed their silent staring mourn-
ing.

  “There’s Elmer’s daughter,” indicated
the shirt-sleeved man. “Poor girl, she
misses her father, shocking!”

  Isaac Heron, followed by the detective,
moved over to a figure sitting on an up-
turned bucket and crouched in an atti-
tude of grief.

  “My dear,” he murmured.

  A shock of black hair was raised, re-

vealing a face whose slightly yellow
tinge, high cheek-bones and oblique eyes
emphasized an Asiatic origin.

  “Her mother was a Jap,” whispered the
showman. “She died when the girl was
born, so Elmer told me.”

  “Is there anything 1 can do for you?”
asked Heron.

  The girl shook her head.

  “Nothing—nothing. Father is dead—
and that’s all.”

  Sobs choked tie rest, of her utterance.
Sadly the gypsy turned away. He whis-
pered something to the showman, who
nodded. It was the shilling doctor who
broke in upon them.

  “Well, I suppose there’s a queue of
patients waiting for me. You won’t
need me any more.” The end of his
glowing cigarette was almost burning
his lips. “Everything is in order. You’ve
got the death-certificate. . . . Good night,
gentlemen.”

  And peering through his spectacles, he
shuffled away into the night.

  Five minutes later Isaac Heron and
Detective Inspector Graves were stand-
ing once more in the rain on the edge of
the fair-ground.

  “Well?” asked the Scotland Yard
man.

  “Queer, isn’t it, that Elmer Hayes
should die on the very day that the tat-
tooed tombstone on his back indicated?”
observed the gypsy.

  “Might be coincidence,” said Graves.
“And it might be murder,” Heron re-
joined quietly.

  The Scotland Yard man started. “I
saw no indications of that.”

  “Not even the redness and swelling be-
neath the tattooing of the tombstone?”
“Heavens, no! Are you suggesting—”
“Poison ! ” nodded Isaac Heron. “Cer-
tainly not gastric enteritis. That shilling
doctor is overworked and careless. And
once he’s signed a death-certificate, he
believes in it implicitly.”

  Graves stared at his companion.
“Aren’t you rather jumping to con-
clusions ?”

  “Maybe I am,” admitted the gypsy.
“But here’s a taxi. Let’s take it. There’s
something else I want to show you to-
night.”

  Graves was too bewildered to protest.

"T SAW the body of Elmer Hayes
1 earlier in the day,” explained Isaac
Heron, leaning back comfortably in the
taxi. “And incidentally, I spotted that
peculiarly new tattoo mark.”
THE TATTOOED MAN

105

  “Who told you ol: his death?” asked
Graves.

  “A brother of the black tents,” smiled
the gypsy. “News travels fast among
show folk. And I confess to a Barnum-
like fascination for freaks. Yes, I went
to see the body of that poor fellow out
of sheer curiosity.”

  “And having seen it?”

  “I telephoned for one of the best tat-
tooists in London to come and see it. You
probably know the man. He has his
shop, or studio, as he prefers to call it,
near Waterloo Bridge.”

  “I know him,” ncdded Graves.

  “I showed him that tombstone on the
back of the dead man. He examined it
through a magnifying glass. To him that
design was as plain as a fingerprint to
your department at Scotland Yard.”
“What was plain about it?”

  “That it was the work of a Japanese
tattoo artist. I don’t know whether you
are aware, Graves, but the art of tattoo-
ing began in the East and reached its
highest development in Japan. The
Japanese became past-masters of the
art. Then it was prohibited in the East,
and it traveled across the world and
flourished in our East End.”

  “Japanese!” said the startled Graves.
“That girl we sew weeping for her
father was half Japanese.”

  Isaac Heron nodded.

  “Her mother was pure Japanese. She
married Elmer Hayes when, as a sailor,
he landed in Japan. And as my tattoo
expert pointed out, the majority of the
three hundred and fifty designs on that
body we saw had t een done by Japanese
artists.”

  “As also the tombstone ?”

  “Yes, the tombstone that was pricked
into his body only a few days ago,”
emphasized the gypsy. “But the artist
who executed thai. design, even though
murder was in his heart and stringing at
the end of his needles, couldn’t resist
putting his signature toiis devilment.”
“Signature! I saw no signature.” pro-
tested Graves.

  “Just the letters ‘F.S.’ beneath the in-
scription on the tombstone,” said Heron.
“They were enough.”

  The Scotland Yard man gave a quick
glance out of the window of the taxi.

  “I say, Heron, this fellow is heading
for Limehouse. Is that all right?”
“Quite all right. Limehouse is where
the Orientals insist upon clustering, in
London. Chinese—and Japanese,” he
added significantly.

“What a beautiful white skin for tat-
tooing!” purred the old Japanese.

  “Japanese ?”

  “I took the liberty of telephoning the
Poplar police-station in your name,” ex-
plained Heron. “I asked them if they
knew of any Japanese claiming to be a
tattooer, with the initials F.S., who had
set up shop in their district. I must
say they were exceedingly smart. With-
in ten minutes they had the information
for me. Yogai Safu was my man. His
address was Limehouse Causeway. And
here we are!”

HERON tapped sharply on the driver’s
window. The man slurred his cab
against the pavement and stopped. The
two men stepped out. They were at the
entrance to that dark, twisting gully of
a street where solitary men shuffle quiet-
ly against unlighted houses.

  Limehouse Causeway.

  Followed by the Scotland Yard man,
Isaac Heron plunged into that cleft in
the darkness. They walked for about a
hundred yards, then the gypsy stopped
outside a shuttered shop that presented a
blind exterior. The gypsy stretched out
a hand, found a door-knob, turned it and
padded along a narrow corridor. Then
he opened another door and entered a
106	THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

room badly lit by a shield of bluish white
gas.

  Graves shuffled after him and peered
about expectantly. It was the second
strange interior he had seen that evening.
The dirty yellow of the walls was an
almost perfect camouflage for the wrin-
kled almond face of an old Japanese
squatting on a heap of greasy cushions.
There was not even a blink of surprise
on that impassive Oriental face as it re-
garded the intruders.

  “Yogai Safu?” asked the gypsy.

  “Your honorable servant,” replied the
Japanese, bowing and displaying a
smooth bald head. “What would you
have me do, gentlemen?”

  His English was passable, his manner
completely assured. Isaac Heron smiled
easily.

  “I’ve a friend here who wants to be
tattooed.” Graves started; but Heron
went on without a pause: “A sailorman
tells me that Japs are the best at the job,
and I saw the card in your window
yesterday. Can you do the job ?”

  “It is, gentlemen, somewhat late in
the evening.”

  “But my friend is willing to pay,”
added Heron.

The Scotland Yard man sniffed. This
opening conversation was not to his lik-
ing. He preferred more direct methods.
He opened his mouth and spoke roughly.
“What I want to know—” he began.
But Heron quickly interposed.

  “My friend, as you will gather, is a
little nervous. But then they all are,
eh ? Graves, strip off your coat and bare
your arm to the gentleman.”

  Mechanically, but more worried than
ever, the Scotland Yard man obeyed.
Despite the absurdity of the situation,
his trained eyes were observing every de-
tail, every object in that strange room.

ALONG low table was covered with
little colored bowls and bottles—
inks for the tattooer. A bunch of gleam-
ing needles lay in a tray. And behind the
table, against the wall, was pasted a med-
ley of designs: mermaids rising on their
tails, cherry trees dripping blossoms, a
naked diver fighting a shark under water,
a dragon breathing fire—these and scores
of other sensational and murderous de-
signs were ranged there.

  “What a beautiful white skin for
tattooing!”

  The old Japanese was purring as he
took the bared left arm of Graves in his
own yellow fingers. The Scotland Yard

man shuddered at the touch. At the same
time he gave an appealing glance at
Isaac Heron which suggested that the
farce had gone far enough.

  “And will the gentleman decide upon
the design?” asked the Japanese.

  Heron replied witn that subtle smile:

  “My friend is often in dangerous
situations. He might easily be killed
and his body be unrecognized. Now I
suggest that, as a form of identification,
you tattoo a tombstone on his arm.”

  “A tombstone! ”

  The oblique eyes; of the Japanese
seemed to become mere slits in a yellow
mask as he repeated the words.

  “Why not?” inquired the gypsy. “It’s
not an unusual design, is it?”

  “No.”

  “Then go ahead.”

  The yellow hand stretched out for a
needle. The point was tried against a
thumb. He lit a spir it lamp, and dabbed
the needle in the flame. Then he dipped
it into a little bowl of purple ink.

  “And what name would the honorable
gentleman like to have tattooed on the
tombstone?” asked the Japanese, the
needle poised in the .air.

  “Detective Inspector Graves of Scot-
land Yard,” replied Isaac Heron.

GRAVES felt the yellow clutch on his
arm tighten. But on the face of the
tattooer there was no expression.

  “Very well,” he murmured, and dipped
the needle into another bowl.

  The slitlike eyes were regarding the
sinewy white arm that he held in his
grasp. Beads of perspiration broke out
on the brow of the detective. His own
gaze was fixed upon that gleaming needle
that was about to plunge into his arm.

  But even as the needle came toward
the white skin, the hand of Isaac Heron
was quicker. His fingers clutched the
hand of the old Japanese in a vise-like

grip-

  “Grab the other hand, Graves!” came
his warning voice.

  The Scotland Yard man was only too
eager to obey. In a few seconds the
Japanese was lying on the cushions, his
yellow wrists circled with the steel hand-
cuffs which Graves always thoughtfully
carried about with him.

  “Poison, as I suspected,” said Heron,
sniffing at one of the little bowls. “Once
he heard you were from Scotland Yard,
he realized he was suspected. He in-
tended you to go the s ame way as Elmer
Hayes. Isn’t that so, Yogai Safu?”
THE TATTOOED MAN

107

  For once the yellow mask was twisted
with rage.

  “Elmer Hayes was a white dog. He
deserved to die. Twenty years ago I
swore, at the shrine of my ancestors, to
kill him 1”

  “Twenty years ago!”

  Isaac Heron lifted an eyebrow in-
quiringly.

IN native fashion the Japanese hissed
through clenched teeth:

  “Twenty years ago, that Elmer Hayes
pose as honorable gentleman, and come
to my studio in Yokohama for be tat-
tooed. He wanted many, many designs
upon body. I not know it was in-
tention to show himself to crowds and
make money by displaying body. Ugh!
A vulgar practice. But many things I
did not know at that time.”

  “What else didr’t you know?” asked
the gypsy.

  “Elmer Hayes had infatuated my
daughter, my only daughter. She was
as sweet as cherry blossom in spring.
I loved her as the last descendant of most
honorable ancestors. That white dog
from overseas snuggled her away in
steamer.”

’ The old man’s voice was firm. Not a
tear trickled down that wrinkled face.
“And then?” encouraged Heron.

  “I make for hara-kiri,” said the old
man. “But even as I prepare before
shrine of ancestors, voice told me it was
duty to get vengeance first. Honor had
been violated. Until stain had been
washed out with blood, my work on this
miserable earth not ended. I packed up
my needles, my inks and my kakemono,
and sailed for America.

  “A stranger in strange countries, it
was not easy for me to follow their path.
I find myself always too late. Across
America, into Europe, through far lands
I follow—for twenty years! I must
stop often to earn money with tattoo.
I open studio here in«London. Then
one morning the man himself walked
into studio.

  “The gods of my ancestors had an-
swered my prayers and given enemy into
my hands. He not recognize me. I
used the same initials, but fake name.
He saw only an old Nipponese who prac-
tice ancient art of tattooing. He asked
me to prick design on back, one of few
empty places left. I think first kill him
quick. Then I remember he taken my

daughter to live his life of shame; she
had died in poverty. He must suffer for
that. So, slowly, with cunning, I pricked
poison into his body while making tomb-
stone on his back. I knew just when
that poison would take effect. So I
pricked date on tombstone.”

  “Yes, we saw it,” said Graves roughly.
“On his dead body, eh ?” chuckled the
old man.

  There was silence for a moment. Then
Isaac Heron spoke.

  “There is one thing you do not know,
old man,” he said.

  “And what is that, honorable sir?”
“Elmer Hayes has a daughter. You
are her grandfather.”

  Once again came that hiss of emotion
through clenched teeth. The old Japa-
nese seemed to age before their eyes.

  “That I did not know,” he fajtered.
“Is—is she beautiful?”

  “Like her mother.”

  The old man sighed.

  “It is not right that her grandfather
should be branded as a murderer.”

THE remark seemed to rouse Detec-
tive Inspector Graves. He reached
out for his coat and struggled into it.

  “We’ll be making our way to the
station,” he said. “I must phone to stop
the burial of Elmer Hayes for tomorrow.”
He took hold of the old Japanese and
raised him from the couch of cushions.
In that moment the man seemed to age
incredibly; he swayed and almost crum-
pled to the floor. With a jerk Graves
brought him to his feet.

  “I apologize, honorable sir,” smiled
the Japanese weakly. “You see, I am
dying.”

“Dying!” Graves stared, disconcerted.
“Yes,” mumbled the old man. “My
work now is finished. I have avenged.
It is better for the girl—she who is my
granddaughter—that I do not live.”

  He seemed to lapse into a coma. With
the help of Isaac Heron the detective
carried the Japanese to the door. Under
the light of the street lamp the gypsy
gave the old man a searching glance.

  “Yes,” he nodded to Graves. “I think
he is dying—and because he has deter-
mined in his mind to die. I doubt
whether you’ll ever get him to trial. The
ways of the Oriental are strange, Graves.”
And he went off in search of a taxi,
leaving Graves supporting a very old
and unconscious man.

Another of Isaac Heron’s strange cases, “Murder on the
Merrjr-Go-Round,” will be described in an early issue.
The fascinating story
of a desperate quest to
the ends of the earth.

Illustrated by
John Richard Flanagan

Qa ra va n

                           The Story Thus Far:

ON a wild night in January, my cause of that,
uncle Thurland Spillane came
home to my father’s farm, which
is on the road from Glengariff to Ken-
mare. Seven years he had been away, he
and his brother my Uncle Flane. Un-
tamed hawks of trouble were they both,
ranging the wide world.

 “And where might you have come
from now?” asked my father.

  “From London,” answered Thurland.

“I came a roundabout way out of Russia.

By China and other places. I have hur-
ried here because another person—a per-
son that I love more than my two eyes
and my two hands—is making for your
farm. Across the world she is heading
for this little spot in Kerry!”

  And he went bn to tell us of this
lovely lady, daughter of a czar and a
woman of Perm. In Irkutsk, the assas-
sins of Czar Nicholas had sought to kill
her too, and Thurland had fought for
her, and killed the assassins—and there
was a price on his head in Russia be-

                    They had fallen in
 love, but had to part to evade pursuit.
 And he had given her the name of our
 farm in Kerry as the only fixed address
 by which he might be reached. Now, he
 had learned, she was coming—and he
 was here to meet her. . . .

   She came at last, a lady even lovelier
 than Thurland described her. And it was
 a joy to see the two homeless wanderers
 together at our peaceful farm in Kerry.
 But pursuit caught up with them—in the
 person of a giant Russian. Thurland
 fought him, choked him—left him for
 dead, and fled the country again with the
 lady—Anastasia, her name was.

  Long months passed. Then came a
letter from Thurland—a letter from Fez,
where he and Flane and the lady were
making ready for a hazardous journey
into the far Sahara in quest of a tre-
mendous buried treasure Flane knew of.

   I was fifteen, and strong for my age.
 And Africa came up and snuffed around
 my bed. That night I made a bundle

                           y

Copyright, 1936, by The McCall Company (The Blue Book Magazi ne). All rights -eserved.

ins
By James
Francis Dwyer

Treasure

of my clothes, clinbed out of the window
and took the road to Kenmare.

  In Cork I made friends with a boy of
my own age, and through his help won a
job as cabin-boy on a ship sailing to
Morocco. At Algiers my friend Felix
and I were given .shore-leave; and we got
into trouble aplenty in a native cafe;
indeed we might have lost our lives had
we not been rescued by—my Uncle
Thurland ! None other! Passing by, he
had heard our Irish voices.

  Felix rejoined :he ship; but I stayed
with my Uncles Thurland and Flane—
and with Anastasia, who was with them.
They had a map which located this grand
Caravan Treasure far in the southern
Sahara, and were making ready to set
out. With them I went—to Fez and
Marrakech and thence out into the desert
beyond the last French outpost. With
us also went an Arab wrestler Ahmed
Mansour whom my Uncle Flane had beat
in a great bout, and had made friends
with. And also in our party were two

other natives, the hairy man Blore, and
a strange dwarf who knew something of
the Caravan Treasure. . . .

  One night as we were camped near a
mud-walled village, I was roused by a
terrible scream; and the flashlight in the
hands of Flane showed the hairy man
running back to us. In the spear of light
I saw the blade still red in his hands.

  “Douse the light! ” he cried. “Help
me with the dwarf! Quick! He has
been knocked senseless! ”

  Ahmed Mansour and Flane hoisted the
unconscious Haila onto the saddle be-
fore Blore, the hairy one holding him
there. Thurland put Anastasia on her
camel, the rest of us scrambled quickly
on our mounts, and hurriedly we went
forward into the darkness. Africa had
started in pursuit of us_—Africa the ter-
rible. (The story continues in detail:)

WITH the faint light of the rising
moon we halted and checked up. We
were a little disorganized, for the happen-

109
110

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

 inghad rushed us off our feet, so to speak;
 and till the moon permitted us to count
 noses, we were not sure of our number.

  “What was it, Jimmy?” whispered
Anastasia.

   “I don’t know,” I answered, lying lest
 I cause her pain. “I think some one
 was trying to steal a camel.”

  “But that scream?” she breathed. “I
—I can hear it now.”

  Thurland was busy pouring a drink
of brandy down the throat of the dwarf,
who was now returning to consciousness.
Flane had ridden back a few yards and
was listening in case we were pursued.

  We went on—blindly, so I thought.
Thurland and Flane had arguments with
the hairy man, but he persisted that he
was going in the right direction. When
morning came, he pointed to a bare
peak to the westward as pr%*of that he
was not out in his reckoning.

  We were in the center of a sandy
plain, the peak to the west the only high
ground in sight. There were no trees.
A' few stunted bushes fought with the
sand dunes that forever tried to smoth-
er them.

   “Twenty miles farther on .is the vil-
lage of the dwarf,” said Blore. He
grinned and added: “There his faithful
wife waits for him, though she hasn’t
seen him for more than a year.”

  Whether it was the blow that the
dwarf had received or the nearness to his
own village that affected him, I do not
know; but that morning he couldn’t stop
singing. Sitting in the meager shadow
thrown by a blanket stretched between
two thorn-bushes, he sang songs of love
in a low buzzing note that bit at the ear
like the humming of a blow-fly.

   The song annoyed Flane, for it seemed
to accentuate the heat. Flane asked him

 to move out of earshot, so that the rest
 of us could sleep.

  Blore explained the: song. It told of
the arrival of the dwarf at his village,
and how in the soft darkness before the
dawn he would sneak quietly into the
mud hut and creep into the arms of his
beloved. And the song told of her
charms. She had eyes, according to the
verse, into which a lover fell to be
drowned in their sweetness. She had
limbs more beautiful than the limbs of
a gazelle; and her lips hit the heart of
a watcher like the blow from a poniard.

  “Tell him to walk out on the sands
and do his singing the-re,” said Flane.

  The dwarf, unable to keep quiet,
moved out on the sandy plain and con-
tinued his song. His words came thin
and faint to us as we tried to sleep. . . .
I wondered about the1 dwarf. He had
informed my Uncle Thurland that he
would not desert us. Our caravan would
pass about midnight within three miles
of his village; he would slip away on
foot, pay a quick visit to his wife and
overtake us when we camped at daylight.
He would on no account mention that
we were in the neighborhood. Little did
we know then of the trouble that call
would bring upon us—the load of black
trouble that nearly overwhelmed us.

WHEN night fell, we moved on, the
dwarf still humming his song of
love. The moon was a white-faced hag
that watched us, knowing perhaps that
we were running into trouble. The stunted
camel-thorn bushes were witches, and
around them danced the jinn that the
winds of the wastes built out of handfuls
of sand. It was a bad night—a night
that was out for mischief, as they say
in Kerry, waiting for some opening that
would give it a chance to work off its
deviltry.

  A little before midnight we heard the
faint throbbing of a tcm-tom. It came
from the village of the dwarf, and the
sound made him a little fey. He slipped
from the camel and ran off across the
sands, and we watched him till he dis-
appeared behind a sane:!y ridge.

  “Do you think we’ll ever see him
again?” asked Flane.

  “I don’t know,” laughed Thurland.
“Perhaps the lady may have found
some one to amuse her during his ab-
sence. If so, he might catch up to us.”

  We made camp at daylight close to
a well. We filled the goat-skin bags and
stretched ourselves in the shade. There
CARAVAN TREASURE

111

 were tracks of camels, goats and donkeys
 around the well-head, but there was no
 one in sight. At midday we lunched on
 dried gazelle meat, cooked on the embers,
 with kous-kous, and biscuits. We won-
 dered a little about the dwarf. Would

*	the lady with the eyes in which lovers
 were drowned, be delighted to see the
 little fellow when he crept into her hut?

 IT was in the hottest part of the after-
 noon that my Uncle Thurland saw a
 running figure out on the sands. At first
 we thought it a gazelle; but as it came
 nearer, we saw that it was a man.

   “It’s Haila!” cried Thurland. “It is!
 And he’s running as if Old Nick himself
 was at his heels! ”

   It was the dwari, for sure. A crazed
 dwarf with the eyes of him popping out
 of his head. Stumbling with weakness,
 he covered the last hundred yards and
 dropped at the fee; of Thurland. With
 his arms around the legs of my uncle,
 he begged protection; and a feeling of
 trouble in store was upon each one of us
 as he started to splatter out his story.

   This was Haila’s. tale as he told it to
 us there by the Well of El-Djanet. An
 ,old tale, but a thrilling one to us, be-
 cause of the trouble that reached out
 with steely fingers and dragged us into
 the mess.

   Quick in the telling was Haila, for
 death was at his heels. It seemed that
 the moment he reached the village, he
 had dived into the narrow burrow in
 which stood the mud hut that sheltered
 his wife. Thinking to surprise the lady,
 he had thrust his arm through a round
 hole in the door and pulled a secret string
 that held a bar of iron in place. The bar
 fell; the door opened ; and Haila, crying
 the name of his wife, rushed toward the
 corner where the hied of sheepskins was
 spread in the days before he wandered
 to far-off Marrakech.

   He was halfway to the bed when he
 came into violent collisf&n with an un-
 known who was seeking the door with
 the same fine burst of speed that was
 bringing Haila to the bedside of his
 wife. The two met with the force of
 two rams fighting for the supremacy of
 a sheep paddock. They crashed to the
 floor; and Haila knew by the touch of
 steely fingers that were groping for his
 throat that it was no wifely caress he
 was receiving. He knew that.

   Over and over they rolled, the dwarf
 getting the worst of it; then the tide
 turned. The unknown lover had not

 thought fit to bring his knife to the ren-
 dezvous, while Haila had his. At a mo-
 ment when they broke apart, the dwarf
 got a chance to pull it from his belt, and
 he made a blind jab in the darkness.
 He buried the weapon between two ribs
 of the other; and the fellow’s yells and
 his wife’s screams woke the quarter;
 The dwarf fled toward our camp.

  “Save me!” screamed Haila, holding
tight to the ankles of my uncle. “He -i.s
the nephew of the Cai'd! He has three
hundred uncles and cousins! They
come! They come! They will torture
me and cut me into little pieces!”

  The hairy man clucked fiercely and
pointed out across the wastes. A black $
mass from which came an infamous
clamor was moving across the sand—
moving with an accompaniment of ‘
shouts and screams that were deafening ;
as they came nearer. The three hundred '
uncles and cousins were in pursuit of
Haila, and all thoughts of the Woman'
with Golden Feet flew from our minds
as we stared at them.

  My Uncle Thurland acted quickly.

■He stooped, dragged the fear-stricken
dwarf into the tent where Anastasia was
resting, and thrust him under a camel-
hair blanket. “Stay there till I tell you;
to come out!” he said. “If you move,-
it’ll be death.”

  The mob were upon us then. At theif
head was the Ca'fd, a tall dark man of
about thirty years of age, and with no
more politeness than an angry bull. He
wanted Haila. He screamed his demand,'
and the hundreds behind him echoed it.

J

NOW Thurland Spillane was a fine and'
fearless protector. The Cai'd made
his request in French, and Thurland an-
swered him in the same tongue-^-*
answered him with cold and careful lies.
Haila, said Thurland, and there wasn’t
a quiver in his voice, had rushed by the:
tents, screaming out that he was pur-,
sued, and had fled into the big sand'
dunes to the eastward of us.

   It was a lie with trimmings, a fine lie
 that burrowed into the ears of the Cai'd
 and his followers. And the manner of
 Thurland as he stood and delivered it
 must have made the sweet angels of
 mercy in heaven weep as they listened.

  The Cai'd wished to look within the
tent, and he attempted to push Thur-
land aside, but there was murder in the
eye of my uncle. He caught the vil-
lage chieftain by his flowing burnous
and hurled him backward amongst his
THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE
CARAVAN TREASURE

113

The Cai'd stared at
Anastasia; then he
said to Thurland:
“You must come to
the village—with all
your party.”

followers. The hairy man clucked ex-
citedly, and Flane swore softly.

 Thurland spoke in the high manner
that he had. Didn’t he say that Haila
had rushed off into the sand dunes? Did
the Caid wish to call him a liar? The
truth had been told, and no one would
be permitted to enter the tent to make
a search.

  There was a moment of tension when
everyone seemed to hold their breath;
then the Caid laughed sdTtly—laughed
softly, as if he thought there was a lot
of time in the world to settle with my
Uncle Thurland. Hi; gave an order to
the crowd that muttered angrily behind
him; and with him at their head they
streamed out across the wastes, their
splay feet scattering the sand as they
deployed in line formation to search the
dunes for Haila.

  Thurland stepped into the tent, pulled
the blanket from Haila and spoke.
“You’ve got one chance. Crawl through
the back of the tent and run.”

  Haila took the advice. Creeping on
all fours, he moved through a stony
stretch at the back of the tent and dis-
appeared.

  Thurland came to the front of the tent
where the rest of us stood waiting—
Flane, the wrestler, the hairy man, and
I. Anastasia peered out through the
flap of the tent.

  “And now ?” said Flane to his brother.

  “We’re in for trouble, I think,” said
Thurland quietly.

  “We might have given him up,” said
Blore. “It would have saved us.”

  Thurland turned and looked at the
hairy man, looked at him with his fierce
eyes; and Blore wilted under the look.
“No one ever asked a Spillane for sanc-
tuary and was refused,” he said softly.
“An old dog-fox ran into the cabin of
my grandmother when I was a little
boy; and she walloped the huntsman,
the hounds and the hunters who tried to
get it away from her.”

  “They’ll take us prisoners,” muttered
Ahmed Mansour.

  “It’s bad luck,” said Thurland; “but
there was no other way out. We’ll wait.”
He spoke softly to Anastasia, whose eyes
showed the great fear that possessed her.

THE Cai'd with the three hundred
searchers at his heels returned to our
tent. The Cai'd had a grin upon his
face, a grin that told plainly he wasn’t
pleased with us. He stepped close to
114

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

Thurland and fired questions at him.
Who were we? What were we doing
there? Where were we going, and why?

  Thurland answered in the tricky man-
ner that he had when dealing with in-
quisitive persons. He embroidered the
story that he had told the inspector at
Marrakech; but this time, in an en-
deavor to please the Cai'd, he made the
lost Englishman an enemy of France.

  The Cai'd considered the answers for
a moment; then as he stood, thoughtful,
Anastasia appeared at the open flap of
the tent. It was the first time the Cai'd
had seen her, and although her face was
veiled so that only her eyes and brow
showed, he seemed impressed with the
strange wild beauty of her.

  The Cai'd stared at her in astonish-
ment; then he turned on Thurland. “You
must come back to the village,” he said,
speaking in French. “You must come
at once with all your party.”

  Thurland’s fingers were at the holster
on his hip, and his eyes blazed as he
heard the command. But there were
three hundred men with swords and guns
around us; and to start a fight would
have been madness. We would have
been massacred inside five minutes.

  “If we refuse?” asked Thurland.

  The Cai'd grinned. “This is my coun-
try,” he said. “If you refuse to come
to the village, you’ll go no further.”

CHAPTER XII

Thurland Fights a Duel

WE were prisoners—prisoners of a
fierce wild crowd who were whipped
into a fury because one of their number
had been killed by the dwarf. Prisoners
of a Cai'd whose eyes turned often to
survey Anastasia in the journey from
our camp to the village.

  The hairy man clucked in a manner
that showed his disgust at the situation;
Ahmed Mansour frowned at the mob
that surrounded us; Flane and Thurland
talked in undertones, and the little devils
of terror sat in my own heart as we
entered the gate of the walled village.

  The evening had closed in, but there
were torches to light our passage along
the narrow lanes which were completely
covered with palm fronds, so that they
were dark and cool even during the
hottest hours of the day. The people
swarmed around us, pushing and jostling
each other to get a glimpse of us, shriek-
ing questions and answers, so that the

noise was deafening. Thurland and Flane
walked on either side of Anastasia to
save her from the fierce wretches who
fought with each other to get close to
her. Disloyal I was at that moment to
my uncle. I thought of the name that
they called him in Glengariff and Ken-
mare. “Mad Thurland Spillane” he was
indeed, and fine proof we who marched
with him had of his madness!

AT the end~of a souk that reeked of
. the odors of cinnamon, clove, mint
and orange-flowers, we came to the house
of the Cai'd; and one after the other
we were pushed through an immense
door studded with brass nails. We found
ourselves in a passage lighted here and
there with a torch. The mob fought to
follow us, but they were thrust back by
two wild devils whc used the decorated
butts of their long rifles to bang the
faces of the persistent ones.

  Along the passage we went, the Ca'id
and some twenty iren around us. The
floor was of mud, beaten hard by bare
feet through the years. The walls were
of an orange tint, and on them hung
saddles and bridles for horses and camels,
so that the smell of badly tanned leather
nearly choked us. Up a ramp to a floor
above, moving swiftly now; then another
nail-studded door was thrust open, and
without ceremony we were pushed into
a big room that was without windows,
the air entering by openings just below
the ceiling, openings that were fifteen
feet from the floor. A man stuck a torch
in an iron ring, stepped out and shouted
orders.

  Half-naked men arrived with a bale
of mats, another of carpets. They tossed
them onto the floor. Three others entered,
and demanded in the name of the Cai'd
all weapons that we carried. Thurland
considered the request for a moment,
then handed over his revolver. The
others followed his example. The men
backed out and slammed the door. We
heard the big bolt shoot home with a
loud clang.

  Thurland had the two hands of Anas-
tasia in his own. He was whispering
softly to her, trying to chase the fear
from her face. The rest of us stood to-
gether looking at the door. The sudden-
ness of the business brought a sort of
mental paralysis upon us. Three hours
before, we had been free people on "a
great adventure; now we were prisoners
in the house of this chief of a murder-
ous crew of ruffians.
CARAVAN TREASURE

115

   Flane spoke, addressing his brother.
 “What will come out of this?” he asked.
 “If it’s to hold us for ransom, we’ll have
 a long wait. If we were French, the
 Government might buy us out of the
 hole; but in the whole history of Ireland
 there was never a cent paid to free an
 Irishman.”

   Ahmed Mansour nade a few remarks
 in Arabic that were certainly not prayers.

   “We should have given them the
 , dwarf,” began the hairy man. “If they
 don’t find him, we’ll—”

   My Uncle Thurland interrupted him
 with a quick motion of his hand. “That's
 enough,” he snapped. “We couldn’t give
 up the dwarf. What will happen to us,
 I don’t know, but we’re not dead yet.
 Scared, Jimmy?”

 “Yes,” I answered. “I’m awful scared.”
 “This will teach you a lesson,” said
 Thurland. “When you get back to the
 Green Tree Farm, stay there and grow
 potatoes.”

   “I will,” I said. ‘(That is, if I ever
 do get back.”

   “You’ll get home,” said Thurland.
 “Things don’t look bright this evening,
 but they might change at any moment.
 I have a hunch that they will.”

   A portion of our own provisions was
 brought to us, and we sat on the mats
 and ate, with no great appetite. The big
 bare room was full of dancing shadows
 thrown by the flickering torch. It burned
 down to the iron ring; then the stub of
 it dropped to the floo.-, to be stamped out
 by Ahmed Mansour. We were in a soft
 gloom that lightened as the moon rose,
 the light coming in through the openings
 close to the roof.

   We lay upon the mats and carpets,
 waiting for the morning. We couldn’t
 sleep. Africa seemed a terrible place to
 me that night. . . .

   It was hardly daylight when the door
 swung open and the Cai'd stepped into
 the room. Thurland was standing up;
 the rest of us were sitting on the mats.
 The Cai’d, arrogant and smiling, ad-
 dressed my uncle. What he said, he
 speaking French, I did not know at the
 moment, but I learned later—learned by
 scraps that came to me from the talk be-
 tween Flane and Thur and and Anastasia,
 and the clucking of tbe hairy man.

   The face of Thurla nd as he listened to
 the Cai'd told me that whatever the
 proposition was, it wasn’t pleasing. Not
 pleasing at all! For the red of temper
 appeared under the tan on my uncle’s
 face, and his eyes blazed. Just for an

instant I thought he would spring at the
Cai'd, but he controlled the sinewy hands
that itched to get at the fellow’s throat.

  This, in a few words, was the proposal
of the Cai'd: We were free to go for-
ward, on one condition. The Cai'd had
taken a fancy to Anastasia, and we could
clear out as fast as we liked; if Anastasia
would stay behind.

  For a minute Thurland stood looking
at the man who made the proposition;
then he turned and walked toward
Anastasia. He put his arm- around her
waist and stood with his back turned to
the Cai'd. A frightful silence came into
the room, a silence that choked the cluck-
ing of the hairy man. A dozen faces
watched from the doorway, fierce, cruel
faces that found pleasure in our distress.

  The Cai’d commenced to speak, but
Thurland wheeled on him, and stopped
him with a word.

  The Cai’d spoke to the men at the
door. They sprang back and opened an-
other door immediately opposite. With
a wave of his hand, the Cai’d invited
Thurland and the rest of us to step for-
ward and examine the place.

  In my dreams for all time I will see
that room into which we stepped with
faltering feet. Night after night it has
swung into my sleep, and my eyes have
run along the cursed implements that
hung upon its walls. For in that room
were the most dreadful things for tor-
turing people that the mind of man could
conceive.

  They hung there, one after the other.
Each was designed to produce its par-
ticular brand of agony. The tall snaky
Cai'd had a Torquemada-like passion for
116

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

inflicting pain, and he had collected
every article that could be used for that
purpose—every cruel device designed by
maniacs to torture flesh.

 Cunningly made and devised were
those articles, the sight of which pro-
duced a strange upsetting of the stomach.

  A breath of hell came from them,
for they had been used, and lately too;
and it was that visible evidence of use
that stirred Thurland Spillane. Stirred
the hot Irish blood of him, so that he
turned and spat his wrath in the face of
the devil who had us in his power.

THE exact words Thurland used I can-
not tell here, he using French to ad-
dress the Caid; but I heard the rough
translations later. Words with a thorn
in them. Words that bit and pricked at
the dark hide of the fellow. For my
uncle had a lash to his tongue, so that
men grew mad under his insults. This
is what I heard he said:

  “Is it this you spend your life at?” he
asked the Cai'd. “Pinching and burning
poor wretches that are in your power! A
fine dirty devil you are, with no one bold
enough to wipe the grin off your face
with his fist. Listen to me, you small
Satan of the wastes! I’ll fight you
in any way you like, fists, swords or
pistols; and if you beat me, the lady
stays here with you. If I beat you, we
go free with our camels and provisions.
Be a man for once in your life, and meet
a man on equal terms!” And as my
uncle said that, he hit the Cai'd with the
back of his hand in the mouth. Hit him
that hard that it brought blood.

  The men who were around the Cai'd
sprang at Thurland, and there wras a fine
chance that he would be trussed up and
tortured there and then; but their chief
stopped them. The lash in my uncle’s
tongue had bit deep into the pride of the
fellow, and he was stirred in a way that
was unusual to him. The courage of
Thurland had startled him, no man ever
having dared to slap him in the mouth;
and he was wondering how he could wipe
out the insult, wipe it out in such a way
as to gain the respect of the men around
him who had seen the blow struck, and
who were astonished at the cool nerve
and impudence of Thurland Spillane.

  Cunning was Thurland. He had chosen
the only way by which we could obtain
our liberty, the only way in which
Anastasia could be saved from the Cai'd.

  “You shall fight me! ” shouted the
Cai'd. “And it shall be as you wish. If

you beat me, you and your companions
shall be free; but there is small chance!
I shall spit you and give your body to
the dogs of the village. We will fight
with swords. Does that suit you?”

  “Swords or fists or guns,” cried Thur-
land ; and there was a grin on his face as
he spoke. For to Thurland Spillane, a
fight was what meat and drink are to
most men; and the fact that he had
baited the fellow into the proposal he
pul forward, "tlelighted him immensely.

  On a cleared space in the center of the
village there was a platform on which
wrestling matches were held; and it was
there that the fight was to take place.
There in the blazing sunshine, with every
man, woman and child in the place to
watch it! And we were led out in single
file to see Thurland die, for that is what
the guards said to us as they pushed us
through the crowd;;. Ahmed Mansour
translated to us what they said.

  It seemed that the Cai'd had been for
years a pupil of a French marquis who
lived at Taroudant, and who was the
finest swordsman that France had seen
for years. He had been run out of Paris
for killing three men who were fools
enough to challenge him, he having been
paid by cowards tc bait them with in-
sults, and they, not knowing of his skill,
agreeing to a meeting.

  The marquis had come to Morocco,
and at Taroudant he had opened a school
for anyone who wished to learn swords-
manship. And the greatest pupil that he
had ever had, so said the guards that led
us to the square, was the Cai'd who was
meeting Thurland. For the Cai'd had
often held the marquis to a draw in a
hot bout, and when he liked to exert
himself a little, he could beat him.

  Cheerful news for us whose safety de-
pended on Thurland’s blade! I walked
beside Anastasia, and her hands were
cold with dread as I touched them.

WE were pushed up close to the plat-
form, there tc await the arrival of
the Cai'd. And in that interval Thurland
whispered to Anasiasia, comforting her
and telling her not to be afraid. My
Uncle Flane was nervous, but Thurland
was his laughing devil-may-care self.

  The Cai'd arrived, stripped except for
a pair of shorts. He climbed onto the
platform, and a man handed up two
beautiful swords. Flane said in a whis-
per that they were- like French cavalry
swords, but he thought they were longer
in the blade, and heavier.
CARAVAN TREASURE

117

  Said Flane: “I wish they were lighter.
If those blades weigh an ounce, they
weigh three pounds. It will be hard for
Thurland if the fight is long.”

  “It mightn’t be,” I stammered. “Uncle
Thurland might wh'p him quickly.”
Thurland kissed Anastasia, then he
put one hand on the edge of the plat-
form, and although it was as high as his
chin, he leaped so that he landed with
his two feet upon it and stood erect. A
great leap! Those eyes of his, so like
guards on a castle wall, were blazing,
and his face was pale under the tan, but
he was quite cool. And the crowd milled
around, muttering and grunting, they
sensing that murder was in the air.

   “You shall fight nel”
   shouted the Cai'd. “I i you
   beat me, you and your
   companions shall be free;
   but there is small chi nee!
   I shall give your body to
   the dogs of the villuge!”

   Thurland stripped off his leather coat
and his vest; then with an angry jerk he
pulled his shirt over his head. And
when the crowd saw his chest and arms,
they grunted in chorus. White and
clean-skinned was he, and the muscles on
his body were like ropes of fine steel
that rippled beneath his skin as he
moved, rippled like startled snakes be-
neath a tissue of satin.

  A strange picture he made beside the
dark Cai'd. More snaky was the Cai'd,
as strong as Thurland and perhaps
stronger, but his strength hidden on ac-
count of the color of his skin. But his
arms were something to look at—long
and powerful, the arms of a swordsman.

  Thurland and the Moor stood back
and regarded each other; then without a
word from anyone, they threw themselves
on guard and the fight was on. And the
crowd that had been whispering and
pushing, became as s lent as mice. The
only sound was the slithering noise made
by the bare feet of the two of them as
they circled. But this I knew: the Cai'd
saw in the swift movements of Thurland
that it wasn’t the first time that my
uncle had handled a sword. There came
into the black eyes of the man a look of
new cunning and watchfulness.

  Thurland, and thiss information also
came from Flane, was of a different

school of fencing, standing on guard like
the Italians, his legs farther apart, his
left shoulder nearly hidden, so that he
exposed but a small mark on the blade of
the other.

  The Cai'd, however, fought in the man-
ner of the French.

  Never was such a fight seen in that
heat-stricken country. Never! A big
man was the Cai'd, standing fully six
feet; and although he had weight, he
moved with the lightness of a squirrel on
a branch. And his hand, so big and
strong, handled the sword in a way that
was surprising. At one instant he would
hold it so loosely that you would think
that it would drop from his fingers, but
the next instant he would grip it so tight
that you’d think he would leave his
fingermarks on the steel. For it is by
this change of grip, which men who know
call “fingering,” that a man becomes
great as a fencer.

  The Cai'd flung himself at Thurland,
and from his lips came an Arab war-cry
that was fashioned to frighten the man
he was fighting, but it had no effect on
Thurland. He parried the attack in a
way that seemed to puzzle the other.
118

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

 The CaV'l was yelling now
 —yellinf, like a madman
 as he out and slashed,
 Thurland parrying lor all
 he was v'orth. “Thurl will
 get himt” gasped Flane.
CARAVAN TREASURE

119

  Straight and beauiful he stood up to
the fierce attack of the Moor, giving
ground when he had :o, but fighting back
when for the slightest second the attack
weakened. The hits and the thrusts I
cannot describe, for I knew nothing of
the game at the tims, being young and
unused to sword battles. But this I do
know, and I learned i t from the strained
faces of those around me, that no man
in the crowd ever saw such a fight.

  The flashing of their blades in the sun-
shine blinded us as we watched; and al-
ways and always there was the wicked
snaky body of the Cai'd boring in, and
always and always the white muscular
body of Thurland ready for him, puzzling
him with the beautiful w'rist-work that
foiled him each time he lunged.

  Anastasia couldn’t look at it. She
turned away her face; then as the fight
went on, she seemed 1:0 have a weakness
on her, for she put her head down on my
shoulder and sobbed softly, taking no
notice of my whispered words when I
told her Thurland was holding his own.

  “Tell her,” gasped Flane, leaning over,
“tell her Thurland is; the better man!

He will tire him and sweep him off the
platform when the time comes! It’s
Thurl that will show him!”

  The voice of Flane was strange, his
words glued together with excitement.

  I told Anastasia what Flane had said,
but she didn’t seem to hear. Her sobs
were louder, and I was afraid that in the
little intervals of silence when the two
men drew back a bit from each other,
Thurland would hear her and be upset.
Not once did his eyes turn in her direc-
tion, from the moment he sprang upon
the platform, there being little chance
for him to look at anything except the
weaving figure that danced and skipped
before him.

  The Cai'd was losing his temper now.
The memories of his bouts with the fine
French marquis were rising up in his
mind, and asking why he wasn’t prodding
holes in the Irishman who stood in front

4
120

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

of him. For it is, as my Uncle Thurland
once said, the pride brought by a first
win that often makes us lose the second
fight. “If I,” thought the Ca'id, and you
could nearly feel what he was thinking,
“if I held -a master duelist to a draw,
and now and then beat him by a margin,
why can’t I prick the skin of this fel-
low?” And thinking that, he shook him-
self together and whirled his blade so
that the eye couldn’t follow it.

BUT Thurland was there, cool and
watchful. Suddenly by a cunning
twist he turned the blade of the Moor;
his sword ran forward like a hissing
snake, and pricked the dark skin of the
fellow above the midriff. A fleck of
blood showed immediately, and a massed
cry of wonder came from the crowd.

  I thought the Cai'd would stop then,
but that prick from the sword-point only
made him angry. That was something
that he hadn’t expected, and the temper
that was on him before, was nothing to
what gripped him then. He drove Thur-
land across the platform with a rain of
blows. It seemed as if the Moor were
flinging science to the wind and depend-
ing on a wild rally to finish the business,
for sword-fighting is like fist-fighting,
and a man forgets all that he knows of
technique when temper masters him.

  The Cai'd was yelling now—yelling
like a madman as he cut and slashed,
Thurland parrying for all that he was
worth. The fury of the assault brought
cries from the crowd.

  “It’s all right!” gasped Flane. “Tell
her! Tell her! He can’t keep that up!
Thurl will get him ! He will! He will.”

  I cried the words of Flane into the
ears of Anastasia, trying to make her
believe what I didn’t believe myself;
for I, watching the devilish manner in
which the Cai'd followed my uncle,
couldn’t see how Thurland could win.

  And then the end came, with a sud-
denness that choked the yelps of the
crowd—choked them as if the very hap-
pening had a thousand invisible fingers
that snapped a bit of catgut around each
yelling throat and pulled it tight. That’s
how it seemed to me.

  The Cai'd had lunged with all his
force, but the white body he aimed at
was not there. Not there at all! And
as he tried to recover, seeing the danger
he was in, Thurland sprang forward and
drove his point through the left shoulder
of the attacker. The sword fell from the
Cai'd’s fingers, and he reeled backward.

  “Agh! It was what he was waiting
for!” screamed Flarie; and I patted the
shoulder of Anastasia and tried, with
tears running out of my eyes, to tell her
that Thurland had won.

  Flane and the hairy man lifted Thur-
land from the platform while a hundred
men were around the Cai'd, shouting and
cursing. Although the Cai'd had made
the bargain—and they had thought it a
good bargain—it was only because they
were so sure of his ability to beat
Thurland that they looked forward with
joy to the fight. Now with the chief on
the ground, they thought different.

  Anastasia flung her arms about the
bare body of Thurland, and kissed him
and kissed him again. And not a word
did he say. Not a word of brag or
bluster, but he stood like a child while
Flane put his shirt over his head and
drew him back into the shade of some
huts, where he wouldn’t be in full view
of the crowd. For there was a sort of
ugliness upon the crowd now.

  “I’m in doubt if this will finish it,”
growled Flane.

  “Why?” asked Thurland.

  “He’ll get mad w ith us,” said Flane.

  Thurland was quiet for a moment;
then he spoke. “He will keep his word,”
he said slowly. “He is too good a fight-
er to quit. I’ll go over and speak to
him.”

  And although the men around the Cai'd
looked black with temper as Thurland
approached, my uncle pushed his way
to the side of the Cai'd, who was now ly-
ing on a heap of cushions that had been
brought for him. And in French, Thur-
land spoke to hirri, telling him that he
was sorry that he was hurt, and how
good a fighter he was.

  And the Cai'd sniled and shook Thur-
land’s hand—shook, it and called him a
good swordsman. And although he was
faint from loss of blood, he told his men
to give us all that we wanted, camels and
dates and water; :hen, turning to Thur-
land, he asked if he might say good-by
to Anastasia.

THURLAND came back, took the
hand of Anasiasia and led her for-
ward to the Cai'd. She was sobbing, her
big eyes blurred with tears.

  The Cai'd made a little speech telling
her of his regret that he didn’t win her,
for he, like most native people, didn’t
consider Anastasia’s point of view at all
—he in his pride thinking she would be
perfectly contented to stay with him if
CARAVAN TREASURE

121

he had won the fight It made Thurland
grin; for he knew what would have hap-
pened if the Cai'd had killed Thurland
and held Anastasia by force.

CHAPTER XIII

We See the Si.ave Runners

STRANGE was cur departure from
that village with its tinted walls.
Stern and silent were the people who
stood and watched us. Their creed of
life was to pillage and kill the persons
weaker than themselves, and that fine
belief had been upset by Thurland’s bat-
tle with the Cai'd.

  Their eyes showed the bewilderment
that was upon them, and they whispered
with each other in an effort to find
reasons. Camels that they desired great-
ly were going away from them, camels
and provisions and arms. And there were
a few of them who, like the Cai'd, were
attracted by the springing slimness of
Anastasia, so different from their own
ladies, who were fed on milk and meal to
bring them to a marriageable fatness.

  Southward into the glare of the morn-
ing we rode—silent, because words, when
th‘ey formed together in our minds,
seemed stupid, lacking altogether in the
power to express our thoughts.

  We passed the place where we had
been taken prisoner, and thoughts of
the singing dwarf came into our minds.
The face of Thurland softened as he re-
called the poor devil’s description of his
wife’s beauty, and the manner in which
he had been received. He looked at
Anastasia and grinned.

  “Wonder where he is?” he laughed,
and his question broke the queer silence
that had rested on us.

  The hairy man gave his opinion that
Haila would steer straight southward,
thinking that we would catch up to him
if we kept to the trail that we intended
to follow. The hairy man was confident
that the dwarf could keep alive in the
wastes. He was a desert rat, capable of
finding sufficient nourishment where an
ordinary man would starve.

  The hairy man had a thousand stories
to tell of men who had escaped death by
a narrow margin in the wastes—stories
that he told in a sing-song voice. He
had been lost on five different occasions,
and had suffered terribly. Once himself
and another had opened the veins in the
neck of the camel and had drunk the
blood of the living be:ist; and on another

occasion when a camel had given up the
ghost, they had taken the store of water
from the dead animal’s stomach. A
cheerful devil was the hairy man, full of
frightening stories.

  Possibly it was the fear that the Cai'd
would change his mind that kept us mov-
ing on that eventful day. We didn’t wish
to make camp. On and on, over a stony
plain, we w£nt through the hot hours of
the afternoon.

  There was not a sign of life: no ani-
mals of any kind, no birds. We saw one
insect. At a stop made necessary by the
slipping bags on a camel, we saw a
scorpion. Ahmed Mansour had a small
circular bit of looking-glass about two
inches across, and he annoyed the scor-
pion by placing this in front of the in-
sect and watching the antics of the
wicked thing, who thought he was up
against an enemy as big and ugly as him-
self. Again and again the scorpion
lashed the bit of glass with his tail.

  We traveled at the rate of three miles
an hour, and we were tired and thirsty
when we made camp in a depression in
the plain where there was a small patch
of dried grass that the camels could eat.
The atmosphere was so dry that sparks
came from our hair when we combed it.
Eerie was that place—when the night
wind came up, it played sad tunes on
every bit of canvas it could find, tunes
that fought the horrible silence.

IT was Anastasia who was the first to
hear the song. She cried out to Thur-
land, and the rest of us sat up and
listened. The hairy man, who was acting
as guard for the early part of the night,
had fallen asleep from weariness, and
Flane shook him awake.

  Standing outside the tents we listened.
The song came up on the wind from the
southward; and for a few minutes, what
with the noise we made, we could not
distinguish the words. Suddenly the
hairy man unloosed a cry of joy and
rushed out across the plain, shouting.

  “It’s Haila!” he screamed. “It’s Haila
singing the song of the ‘Woman with
Golden Feet! ’ ”

 The hairy man was right. It was
Haila singing the strange thrilling song.
Our ears drank it in, for in the thick
blackness it seemed a magical chant;
and although we knew that it was the
dwarf singing it, there came a little fear
lest some spirit of the waste was fooling
us by chanting it in an effort to lure us
to destruction. For the night had a
122

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

 saving him from the anger of the Cai'd
 and the villagers; then he fell on a rug
 and went to sleep. Ahmed Mansour re-
 lieved the hairy man from guard duty,
 and we went back to our own blankets.
 The return of the dwarf cheered us great-
 ly. The song that h? sang brought a be-
 lief that was indescribable.

Last over the wall came a big man,
dark and burly. If ever a man was
born to be a killer, it was that
one-eyed Moor.

We were up at dawn, Thurland having
decided that we would march on through
the early hours of the day and make
camp when the rays of the sun became
unbearable. And the finding of the dwarf
had something to do with the early
start. “For,” said Thurland, “the par-
don was given to the bunch of us that
were prisoners, but it wasn’t given to the
dwarf. We might have to fight another
duel to get him loose, if the Cai'd should
catch up to us.”

He saw the fear come into the face of
Anastasia when he made that remark,
and he flung his arms around her and
kissed her. “Don’t fear,” he said. “We
will not be harmed. Didn’t I tell you
that the wise woman at El Kantara saw
me with the Masque of Death in my
hands, though she didn’t know that I
was hunting for it at the time? And if
she saw me with it, how can I be killed
before I get my hands on it?”

  But the fear stayed with Anastasia—
fighting the words that Thurland fired at
her in an effort to cheer her up. . . .

  We passed three mud huts that morn-
ing. The people saw us coming and
rushed inside, barring the doors behind
them. A goat was left bleating in the
sunshine, and we wanted the goat. We
beat at the door and shouted to the
owners, telling them that we would pay
a good price for the animal, but we got
no answer. Instead, a knife was thrust
through a crack ii the wall and nearly

strange terror in it, and the events of the
day had left our nerves raw and jumpy.

 Ahmed Mansour had followed the
hairy man across the wastes, and we
built up the fire so they could find the
camp again. Thurland, Flane, Anastasia
and I stood by the fire waiting; now and
then a shout from the hairy man came
back to us, but the shout didn’t reach
the ears of the singer, on account of the
wind blowing in our direction.

  “The dwarf is a mile away,” said
Flane. “You can hear the ticking of a
watch fifty yards off. They won’t be
back for an hour.”

  Flane was right. It was a full hour
before the hairy man and Ahmed Man-
sour returned, the wrestler carrying the
poor dwarf on his back.

  Haila was weary, but he was quite
cheerful. After he had drank a quart of
scalding coffee, he thanked Thurland for
CARAVAN TREASURE

123

gashed the face of the hairy man, who
was trying to look into the interior at
the moment.

  Ahmed Mansour wanted to take the
goat without bothering to speak to the
owners, but my Uncle Thurland wouldn’t
let him, so we rode on. Half a mile be-
yond, we looked back. The hut dwellers
were outside now, watching us; but the
moment Flane turned his camel as if to
go back, they dashed inside again, bang-
ing the doors behind them.

  A weird strange land, this, through
which we were moving, a land of terror,
a dead land! “The Moors,” said Ahmed
Mansour, trying to explain the country,
“only wish to see two things in move-
ment: running water and running French
soldiers. All else they wish to rest as
it is.”

  We made camp an hour before mid-
day. Thurland and Flane and the hairy
man studied the maps. We w^ere beyond
the Draa in a line with Cap Juby, and
twenty-eight degrees north of the equator.
The dwarf, Haila, who had journeyed
farther south when he was younger,
assured my uncles that we w-ould reach
a small oasis in the morning. There we
would be able to buy provisions.

IT wras nearly five o’clock in the aft-
ernoon when we saw the camel cara-
van. Ahmed Mansour was the first to
catch sight of it, and when he pointed to
it we thought that it was a mirage. Mov-
ing eastward between us and the horizon,
was a snaky line for till the world like an
enormous serpent moving in a cloud of
yellow dust.

  “Camels!” cried Ahmed.

  My uncles were standing together,
staring at the far-ofr line. There w'as
something sinister in that line.

  “Raiders,” muttered Flane.

  Thurland had the glasses on the mov-
ing serpent, and he nodded as he handed
them to his brother. “They’ve got pris-
oners,” he said. “Scores of them ! We’re
lucky. If we were camped a mile ahead,
we might have joine'd the chain-gang.
Lucky they can’t see us. The big dune
hides us, and the sui is in their eyes.
All the same, we had better get back a
little.”

  Hurriedly we moved into a mass of
rocks; and there, crouched on our knees
we watched the company of raiders. Flane
passed the glasses to Anastasia, who
passed them to me. With the glasses we
could clearly see the captives walking on
foot, whipped along by the camel-riders.

  The head of the enormous serpent
moved over the edge of the plain: camels
and captives. It pulled its tail after it;
the glasses showed only a cloud of dust
made golden by the rays of the setting
sun.

  And as we watched the dust-cloud, our
thoughts upon the poor wretches that
were whipped along by the raiders, we
got a surprise. From the rocks behind
us came a sound of convulsive sobbing;
and w'hen we turned quickly, a girl of
some twenty years, completely nude, rose
from the shelter of a boulder and came
toward us.

  It was to Anastasia that she ran—
Anastasia into whose big eyes had come
all the pity of the world as they fell
upon that naked dusty figure.

  In an instant Anastasia had pulled the
crying girl into the tent, while we swung
our faces to the dust-cloud, looking for a
raider to come in pursuit of the escaped
slave. And a hatred of the camel-train
was upon us at that moment, a hatred of
it and the country where it was possible
to traffic in flesh and blood.

  My uncles swore softly, and the hairy
man clucked. Ahmed Mansour and the
dwarf looked from time to time at the
flap of the tent through which the girl
had disappeared; and although I was
young, I didn’t wonder. For the quick
glimpse that they had of the girl showed
them that she was beautiful.

  “They’ll miss her when they make
camp,” said Flane. “She’s too darned
pretty to escape without anyone noticing
it.”

  Thurland took the glasses and turned
them on the golden dust-cloud. “They’ve
missed her already,” he said. “There’s
her owner riding back on the trail.”

  In the minutes that followed, w'e
learned that the girl had broke from the
caravan at a point directly in line with
our position, although she had not seen
the tents. She had run madly in search
of shelter, and by pure luck had entered
the rocky gully at one end of which was
our camp.

  Together we watched the lone rider
coming over the plain. He followed the
track of the caravan, riding fast as if try-
ing to pick up the tracks of the girl be-
fore the night fell.

WE lost sight of him after he passed
the point where we had first seen
the raiders appear on the horizon, and we
breathed a sigh of relief as he disap-
peared. The night was coming down on
124

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

the desert, and now it would be difficult
to find the spot where the girl had broken
away from the mob of prisoners. Thur-
land gave this opinion to the dwarf, and
the dwarf translated it to the girl, who
had now come out of the tent, dressed
in a loose gown that Anastasia had put
around her body.

  “They’ve been cruel to her,” said
Anastasia. “The marks of a whip are
on her back and legs.”

  “The devils,” growled Thurland. “The
hellish devils!”

  We sat in the dusk, fearful to light a
fire lest it might bring the camel-rider
down upon us. The girl sat close to
Anastasia, clinging to her dress as if the
very touch of her robe would bring pro-
tection. I know that all of us were
thinking of that enormous serpent made
of camels and slaves that had passed be-
fore us like something seen in a night-
mare. Africa was exposing herself to us!

  “There are fools,” said Flane quietly,
“who talk about the conquest of Africa.
They blabber in London and Paris of
how the continent is opened up. They
made me sick. Africa is the place where
the devil thinks out all his tricks, and
it’ll be a vast secret to the whites at the
end of another thousand years. Yes, and
at the end of another ten thousand! For
one of these days they’ll push us—”

MY Uncle Flane halted there and for
a good reason. Down on us like
a specter rushed a plush-footed camel,
right into the midst of the group; and
while we scattered before the rush of the
beast, the rider slipped from his saddle
and ran toward the girl, his sword wav-
ing to keep us at a distance.

  It was Ahmed Mansour who stopped
the rush of the big brute who had ridden
in on us. Throwing himself nearly flat,
to dodge the waving sword, the wrestler
flung out his right leg and kicked the
Moor violently in the shins. The big
fellow went down; the sword flew out of
his hands; and before he could get to his
knees, Ahmed Mansour was on him with
the leap of an enraged panther. He
caught him with a crotch hold, lifted
him into the air. For a second he bal-
anced himself; then he hurled the Moor
head-foremost against the rocks.

  The slaver lay where he fell. Thurland
walked quietly to his side, turned him over
and felt his heart. The fellow was dead.

  “There were four bald-headed vultures
following us all the day,” clucked the
hairy man. “Now I know what for.”

  “We’ll strike camp,” said Thurland.
“It would be madness to stay here.”

  While we were getting things ready,
the Arab spoke to Flane in an under-
tone as if he was making an apology for
killing the slaver. “We had to have
another camel for the girl,” he said.

  Flane didn’t answer. We moved off
into the velvety night. Southward, ever
southward, to the place where the Woman
with Golden Feet waited for fools. We
were silent ant! a liti.le depressed.

CHAPTER XIV

The Beleaguered Village

WE made camp in the morning at the
edge of what must have been a
dried-up salt marsh, for the sun glistened
on the particles of salt so that you
couldn’t look at it. And the four bald-
headed vultures were there with six
mates that they had picked up some-
where in the night.

  The hairy man and the dwarf set out
for a village that was on the other side
of the salt marsh. They had the inten-
tion of riding to within a half kilometer
of the place; then Ihe hairy man would
creep into the souk and buy the food
that we wanted. The vultures watched
them go, looked, at each other for a few
seconds, then decided to stay in camp.

  My Uncle Flane thought that the birds
were watching one of the camels. The
Moors think that a vulture knows days
and days before the death of a camel
that the beast is going to die. The bird
watches the walk cf the camel the way
a fighter at the finish of a round turns
and watches the legs of his antagonist as
he goes back to his corner. If the legs
wabble, it’s a great sign.

  We sat in the liztle patches of shade
and waited for the hairy man and the
dwarf; and Africa boiled and blazed in
the cruel heat—bo led and blazed with
the dry bare belly of her stretched to
the sun. The mind reeled as one pictured
it: the great distances, without shelter
or water. Our eyes turned southward
pictured them: the Rio de Oro, Senegal,
French Guinea, Sierra Leone, Liberia,
Ivory Coast, Gold Coast, Dahomey,
Nigeria, the Congo, and the great strip
of wild land running down to the Cape.

  “And the whole damned lot of it hasn’t
the value of an inch of Kerry,” said
Flane suddenly.

  “What’s not worth an inch of Kerry?”
asked Thurland.
CARAVAN TREASURE

125

  “You know,” snapped Flane.
Thurland laughed, and threw a rock at
the vultures. The stone passed within
a foot of one of them, but he didn’t
move. He croaked softly to a companion,
a croak that might have been a curse
thrown at Thurland.

  The hairy man and the dwarf didn’t
come back till late in the afternoon. They
came at a fast trot, and the moment they
pulled up, they started to scream out the
news. With the two of them talking at
once, we could not understand a word;
but Thurland silencec the dwarf, and the
hairy man got the floor.

  There was, so the hairy one told us,
the devil of a fuss immediately ahead of
us. The village to which they had gone
was partly surrounded by a crowd of
robbers and pillagers that had come up
from the southward. The raiding mob
had stolen every canel they could lay
their hands on, and now they intended
to sack the village and carry away the
young women. It was, in the Moorish
language, a baroud, and a terrible one.

  “We can swing away to the eastward,”
said Thurland. “Isn’t it possible?”

  The hairy man shook his head. It ap-
peared that the road southward passed
through a narrow def.le with steep cliffs
on either side, and the marauders held
this defile with hundreds of armed men,
so that we hadn’t a chance of getting
through unless we paid thousands and
thousands of francs lor permission.

  “And that, because I’m Irish, I’m not
going to do,” said Thurland. “The Irish
don’t pay for roadway.”

  “The sheik of the village is friendly,”
said the hairy man. “He’s so frightened
that he’d like to talk to anyone that
hates the robbers. I went in and spoke
to him.” The hairy one waited for a
minute, his eyes upon Thurland; then he
added in a weak voice: “I told him of
you. I told of your fight with the Cai'd.”
Thurland grinned, he being amused
by the bragging of the hairy man. He
walked apart with Flane, the two of them
standing in the hot sunshine, their faces
turned to the south.

NOW I think that the madness—for
it was a madness—came upon my
two uncles on that afternoon—came upon
them as they talked together, consider-
ing the story told by the hairy man. Up
to that moment they had, taking con-
sideration of their ancestry, exercised a
certain amount of caution in their move-
ments; but from that afternoon on, they

considered neither their safety nor the
safety of those that were with them.
They had one thought only in their
minds, and that was to get to that spot
in the terrible wastes where the Woman
with Golden Feet watched over the Cara-
van Treasure, the plunder of the ages.
They were taken up by the glamour and
the wonder of the story, and nothing else
mattered. Nothing at all.

  They were in a world apart. A sort of
frightening ambition was upon them, and
logic was thrown to the winds. Possibly
all men who have done wonderful things
since the world began have been victims
of this same mad ambition. It creeps
into their heads on some fine day,
strangling all the other little-desires. If
the man loves play, it strangles that
love; if he loves drink, it does the same.
It throttles his liking for books and
horses, and if women are in the way of
the dream, the desire is pinched and
pinched till it dies the death.

  It is then that the ambition flames.
He is in labor to it, like the great Marco
Polo, who had Cathay in his head. Like
the great Franklin, who could think of
nothing but the Northwest Passage. Like
Mungo Park, who lost his life in trying
to find whether the River Niger ran to
the west or the east. Like brave Scott,
who got to the Pole and died coming
back with his fine companions about him.

SO my uncles Thurland and Flane be-
came like those others on that after-
noon by the edge of the dried salt marsh.
The thing in their minds screamed for
birth, and they forgot everything else.
Even Anastasia, whom Thurland loved
with a great love, was forgotten in the
business of getting delivery of the desire
they had bred. And Africa grinned at
them and encouraged them—blew her
hot breath on their madness, and flung
up pictures of what they would do when
the swaddling-thing of the devil was in
their arms. . . .

  The dusk came down on the sprawling
body of Africa then; as the night thick-
ened, little pinpoints of light broke
through the darkness in front of us—-
miles in front of us. They were the
watch-fires of the looters who were
camped around the village. Hundreds
of them! They ran like a chain of yellow
topazes across the night, warning us that
we couldn’t pass. And Thurland and
Flane stood and cursed them.

  “Can we get into the village?” Thur-
land asked of the hairy man.
126

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

  “If you move at once,” said the hairy
one. “In the morning it will be too
late.”

  “It’s our one chance,” said Thurland.
“Let’s go.”

WE circled the dried-up swamp, the
hairy man and the dwarf leading us.
The winking watchfires were plainer now.
And the light from the coming moon
showed us the defile that was blocked
from us, the great steep cliffs making it
impossible for us to go to the westward
or the eastward of it.

  The high mud walls of the village rose
before us. The hairy man slipped from
his camel and crept forward on all
fours. We waited in the shadows' till he
came back and whispered the news to
Thurland.

  “They have ringed the place except for
a few yards at the bottom of the souk,”
he said. “If we have luck, we can get
through before they block us.”

  We pushed forward toward the walls.
Guns were cracking now. The people in
the village were firing from towers that
were set at different points along the
walls, and the robbers by the camp-fires
were firing back. And from out of the
village came yells and screams and
shouted orders.

  Once more the hairy one went forward
on all fours. He came back hurriedly
and whispered to us. We were to make
a quick dash for a closed door in the
walls; and if Allah was kind, we would
reach it without a bit of lead in our
bodies. The door would swing open the
moment we reached it. He had arranged
a signal.

  Still on our camels, we reached the
edge of the danger zone; then at a word
from Thurland we charged the wall
where the gate showed a blacker mass
than the rest of the tinted mud barrier.

  Bullets whizzed around us. The camel
of the dwarf went headlong, screaming
as it fell. The dwarf picked himself up,
grabbed at the stirrup of Flane’s saddle
and swung there. The cries and yells
increased. Thurland shouted encourage-
ment. He was riding beside Anastasia,
urging her mount forward.

  The great wooden door swung open as
we reached the wall. In a shouldering
rush we swept through it, knocking over
a dozen villagers who couldn’t get out of
the way of the frightened and angry
camels, that bit and kicked at everyone
within reach. A mad entry! The clamor
was deafening. A craziness brought by

the fear of death had clutched the people;
they howled in chorus, and the narrow
lanes were so packed with men and
women and goats and sheep and camels
that once inside, we could hardly move.

  But the hairy man had spread some
wild tale about Thurland Spillane that
brought us a passage. With flaming
torches lighting the way, and with a
thousand people shouting at us, we were
led toward the house of the sheik. Never
did I hear such an uproar. From the
yells and screams I imagined that the
people thought Thurland had come to
deliver them from the plunderers; and
looking at my uncle as he rode at the
head of the line, I could well understand
why they thought so. Huge and kingly
was Thurland in the flickering light of
the torches, full of a confidence that he
had built up to feed the longing that
was in his soul—the longing to see the
Woman with Golden Feet.

  Through the packed streets, from
which rose a stench of men and beasts,
we reached the hoase of the sheik. We
were pulled from cur camels and pushed
within, I clinging to the hand of Anas-
tasia, who watched Thurland with fear
in her fine eyes. On a sort of 4a‘s
covered with sheepskins sat the sheik of
the village, a small fat man who was
gray with terror. He had drawn his
legs up under him so that he looked like
a round ball, and he rocked himself back-
ward and forward as messages came to
him about the work of the looters out-
side the walls.

THURLAND aid Flane, shoulder to
shoulder, each taller than any other
man in the place, walked toward the
sheik, who looked at them with a sort of
reverence in his eyes. And the men
around him bowed to my two uncles, and
the people outside in the street yelled.
Then and there we understood : the hairy
man had traded 011 a prophecy made by
an old woman in Ihe village. Years be-
fore, she had foretold that two white
men who were tall and strong would
come down from the north and save the
village when it was attacked by robbers
—and here were the men! Big and
strong, without a doubt, and filled with
a courage that was. born of a mad desire,
a courage that made them invincible.

  Cool were Thur and and Flane. With
a calm that was surprising, they took
charge of things. The sheik was left to
rock backward and forward on his sheep-
skins, while my uncles talked with men
CARAVAN TREASURE

127

who looked like fighters, men with
wicked eyes and hard sinewy hands.

  Thurland and Flane and the hairy
man and Ahmed Mansour began to pick
and choose among the men of the vil-
lage. Here and there they pulled a man
out of the mob and placed him in line.
The women and the children were pushed
inside the houses, and the street cleared.

  Anastasia and the slave girl, whose
name was Chema, were taken into the
house of the sheik, but I watched my
uncles—watched and wondered at the
effect they had on the frightened people.
For courage came cut of Thurland and
Flane, a flood of it that pounded on the
fears and killed them. A courage that
straightened the backs of the men and
brought the lust to kill into their eyes.
And that was the miracle of the night—
the miracle that w"as brought by the
madness for treasure. For my uncles
didn’t care a tinker’s dam for the lives
of the men, women and children of the
village; they only wanted a path south-
ward. . . .

  When some hundreds of men had been
chosen, they were divided them into four
groups: Thurland had one, Flane an-
other, the hairy man the third, and
Ahmed Mansour had the fourth; and it
was then that they were told of the
plan. They were told to put their guns
aside, but to carry their poniards. They
would drop over the watls instead of
leaving by the gates, and like creeping
leopards, they would go here and there
noiselessly and stab wherever they found
a robber off-guard or asleep. Stab hard
and silently.

  “A lot of them will be sleeping now,”
said Thurland, “and none will think you
have the courage to come out at them.
You’ll move quietly and alone, each to
his own business, for it is the silent man-
ner of your killing that will fool them;
and the man who brings me back the

greatest number of amulets shall ride
with me and shall be the richest man in
the country. Let’s go.”

  With my heart threatening to strangle
me, I watched them drop over the walls
into the darkness. And the village was
quiet, the old men, the children and the
women whispering together, and the
heavy night sat down on the place and
brought fears that were indescribable.

  I found my way back to the house of
the chief and sat with Anastasia—sat
there in the dark, and each minute that
passed brought running men to tell the
sheik what was happening outside the
walls of his village. And Anastasia
quivered with fear as each runner came
in, she thinking of Thurland and the
manner he had of taking the lead in any
fight that was on. For if anyone in the
world loved fighting with a great love,
it was my uncle Thurland Spillane. . . .

  I left Anastasia and went to the south
wall of the village. Men were coming
back, one by one; and with others I
helped to drag them up over the wall,
hoping that each one that came up out of
the darkness would be Thurland. The
men were quarreling over the number of
robbers they had killed, showing each
other the amulets and charms that they
had taken from them. For the talk of
Thurland and the belief that he had
come according to the prophecy, had
made fine murderers of them; and they
had done things that they had never
done before, because they lacked the
courage.

  Thurland and Flane came at last, also
the hairy man and Ahmed Mansour; and
then the quarreling broke out anew. For
a great desire was upon the crowd to go
with Thurland. One and all fought for
the honor, they thinking that he had
some strange magic about him, and this
belief being supported by the gri-gri man
of the village, an old villain who was
128

THE BLUE BOOK MAGAZINE

quick to see which way the tide was
running.

 The men who had made the raid
fought to get close to Thurland to exhibit
the trophies, and they screamed asser-
tions about their bravery. But they
were all silenced by a one-eyed man who
came last over the wall. A big man,
dark of skin and burly, in whose single
eye sat death. Yes, death and bloody
murder. If ever a man was born to be
a killer, it was that one-eyed Moor.

  He thrust the others to the right and
left, and he faced Thurland, laying down
the proofs before him. And although I
couldn’t see the proofs, I saw the sur-
prise on the face of my uncle.

  The Moor was speaking to Thurland
in his own tongue. “Many of them had
no amulets,” he said; “but you can see
by looking at these that I killed them.”
My Uncle Flane was sitting on the
wall some distance away, and Thurland
called out to him. “There’s a bit of a
fighter here,” he said. “The beggar cut
off their right ears when he found they
had no amulets.”

  Flane laughed. “You’d better take
him,” he said. “It’s a tough country,
and we’re a long way from your lady
love with the golden feet.”

  So Thurland patted the shoulder of
the one-eyed man to show the others
that he was the chosen, and the fellow
grinned. I was a little afraid of the one-
eyed man, because I thought he loved
murder for its own sake; but he was a
brave fellow, as we found out later.

AT daybreak the robbers were still
» around the village, but a lot of the
swagger had been knocked out of them
by the raid in the night. They kept
away from the walls, taking cover from
the sharpshooters that Thurland and
Flane posted at advantageous points.

  At midday the robbers showed a white
flag, and they sent a man forward to de-
mand a parley. The chief of the gang
wished to talk with Thurland.

  “It’s a trick,” said Flane. “Don’t go
out to him. They think that if they
wiped you out, they’d take the village.”
“He cannot hurt me,” said Thurland.
and unarmed, he went out through the
main gate of the village, and the chief
came forward—a huge man with em-
broidered robes. The two stood within
five yards of each other, the robber
shouting his questions, and Thurland re-
plying in a loud voice so that those, on
the walls heard everything.

  In the Temajegh tongue the robber
demanded one hundred camels. For that
number he would raise the siege and
start northward.

  Thurland laughed and shook his head.

  “Fifty camels!” cried the chief.

  “No, nor fifty!” shouted Thurland.

  The chief moved closer, and I saw that
my Uncle Flane became tense and
watchful.

  “Give twenty,” cried the chief, and
there was wild fury on his face.

  “No, not one! ” replied Thurland; and
as he said the words, the chief, mad with
temper and forgetful of danger, pulled a
dagger from his cloak and rushed.

  It was Flane who fired the shot that
stopped him—Flane, who had him cov-
ered from the moment that the talk be-
gan. A great marksman was my Uncle
Flane. The bullet passed through the
throat of the robber chief, and he fell
dead at the feet cf Thurland. By a
miracle Thurland gained the gate through
a hail of bullets.

  The fight was on again, the robbers
firing volleys from every bit of shelter
they could find. But the heart had gone
out of them at the death of the chief and
the bloody work that had been done in
the darkness of the night.

  In the late afternoon they commenced
to move, streaming northward in a long
line. And it was I hen that the raided
became raiders. For the people of the
village, on foot and on camels, started
after them like a swarm of hornets; and
whenever a robber lagged behind, he was
butchered.

  The night came down, but the vil-
lagers clung to the line; and every now
and then a man would come back tri-
umphant, carrying a rifle and the robes
of the man he had killed. A few brought
back camels. They bragged of their
deeds, so that the clamor was frightful;
and there were fights over the rifles and
the clothing—tremendous fights. And
Africa listened: Africa that bred the
hate and the cruelty.

CHAPTER XV

  In the Hut of the One-Eyed Man

THE one-eyed man who had won the
right to go along with us was a
clever fellow. On the morning follow-
ing the departure of the raiders he
begged my uncles to walk with him to a
house in the village.

  “And why?” asked Thurland.
CARAVAN TREASURE

129

  The man stood on one leg and then on
the other, a little bashful before the keen
eyes of Thurland Spillane.

  “There is, in the house I live in,” be-
gan the man, speaking in his own tongue,
“the woman who has made the prophecy
of your coming. She wishes to see you
and to mark the road that your feet will
tread. And in the house is a picture
that you might like to see.”

  “I know where I’m going,” said Thur-
land. “The track is marked.”

  “In the desert there are no marks,”
said the man softly. “The jinn of the
waste wipe them out with their hot
breaths.”

  “Let’s see her,” said Flane. “She made
a clever guess about our coming.” And
he laughed when he said that.

SO the one-eyed Moor led the way;
my uncles and I followed. The morn-
ing sun hit the mud huts; they cracked
with the fierce heat of it so that you
could hear the noises, as you shuffled
along the narrow lanes. And in the
cracks were little green lizards that
flashed in the sun. From the dark door-
ways men and women cried out to Thur-
land, thinking him a savior.

  The one-eyed man dived into a dark
doorway and we followed, feeling our
way in the gloom. The man spoke to
some one whom we couldn’t see, and we
were led through the first room to one in
the rear that was lighted by a single
window. Here sat the old woman, rock-
ing herself backward and forward on a
stool.

  When Thurland came into the room,
she had made an attempt to stand up,
but she was too old. She was the oldest
woman I have ever seen. Her age came
out from her and pushed against her so
that we were a little afraid.

  The one-eyed man spread a mat on
the dirt floor, and we sat down upon it.
The old woman looked at Thurland, her
eyes blinking like those of 3# owl; then
she signaled to the Moor.

  He brought into the room a calabash
of clear water, a bunch of fennel and a
white rooster. The old woman placed
the calabash before her, dipped the fen-
nel into the water, then neatly cut the
neck of the rooster and allowed a few
drops of the blood to fall into the cala-
bash. . . . The silence of the room grew
and grew. It went out from the place,
boring into the desert, and a strange
feeling came upon us, a feeling that
something invisible oad entered the

place, something that knew of us, knew
our business and where we were going.
Ay, and didn’t approve of it at all! That
is what we felt.

  The hag motioned with her hand to my
Uncle Thurland—motioned to him that
he should look in the calabash of water.
Thurland thrust his head forward and
looked; face over the calabash he looked,
and what he saw drew his head down
and down, and the choking silence was so
great that I wanted to scream. For
whatever it was that my uncle saw, he
was startled in a queer manner.

  The hag waved her hand, and Thur-
land sat upright with a little sigh of re-
lief. Then she signaled to Flane, and
Flane leaned forward so that he could
look into the calabash. And he gurgled
in his excitement, like a baby.

  Flane drew back, and the old woman
looked at Thurland before inviting me to
take a peep. Thurland nodded, and I
pushed myself across the mat to peep in-
to the calabash, my lips and throat dry
with excitement.

  For a minute I saw nothing; then the
picture formed before my eyes: There
was a slope of black rock that glittered
like basalt, and on the top of this rock
was a huge figure, a seated woman with
her hands above her head, her face flat
like the face of a negress, her legs bare.
And her ankles and feet shone yellow in
the water, shone yellow like gold.

  The old woman uttered one word, the
Arabic mout, which means death. A
warning she was giving to Thurland and
Flane. And the presence in the room,
the invisible presence, tried to push home
that warning. Africa was threatening us.

  The hag made a few passes over the
calabash and signaled to Thurland. And
as Thurland looked, there came a soft
smile on his face. Flane looked in his
turn, and he grinned in the manner of
Thurland. Then it was my turn.

I PUT my head over the calabash, and
the flood of joy that came upon me
made me cry out. For I saw in the
clouded water the picture of my home
—my home on the road from Glengariff
to Kenmare. There, like a fine painting
done in soft tints of brown and gold,
was the Green Tree Farm where I was
born and raised, true to every little de-
tail. The gate leading up from the road,
the little windows, the barn at the back,
and beyond that again the waving trees
and the old mill from which one can see
the beauty of the Valley of the Sheen.
130

THE BLUE B0OK MAGAZINE

  I stared at the picture till my eyes
filled with tears so that I could see it
no longer; and when I wiped the tears
away, it had disappeared. Thurland
spoke to me as I looked up.

  “It’s just a trick, Jimmy,” he said.
“I’ve seen it done before.”

  The hag spoke. In her own tongue she
said: “And that is life.” Thurland
translated the words to me, a grin upon
his face. “You should have stayed at
home, Jimmy,” he said, “—in sweet
Kerry, where there is peace and comfort
and nice things to eat and drink.”

  “I couldn’t,” I stammered.

  “Then you’ve got to put up with the
hard jabs that come to you,” he said.

FLANE tossed a few coins to the hag,
and we followed the Moor into
another room to see the picture he had
spoken of.

  On the mud wall, fastened there by
four brass-headed nails, was the picture
of the woman that we had seen in the
calabash of water, the body tinted a
flesh-color, the feet and ankles yellow—
a bright yellow, to show that they were
gold.

  Thurland sprang forward. His face
was close to the drawing. Flane was be-
side him, muttering Gaelic curses. The
drawing upset them, and well it might!
For the first time they looked upon a
sketch of the Woman with Golden Feet
who was dragging them through the
wastes—dragging them to their death,
according to the hag in the next room.

  The drawing was done on a square of
dried sheepskin. It was, I learned later,
not the work of an artist; the man who
drew it knew nothing of perspective,
but his ignorance of art didn’t stop him
from putting his dream into line and
color. Without the training and instruc-
tion it had come, the fingers tracing the
features as seen in the dream, and in
some curious way putting into them all
the lure that he had seen there while
dreaming.

 The woman of the sheepskin was
breastless, but the form was feminine.
The legs were long and beautiful, and
the upraised arms were graceful, but it
was the face itself that held us. The
strange face. For the man who had made
the picture had by some trick, that might
have come from his very ignorance of
art, put into the wide-open eyes a mag-
netic quality that was unexplainable.

  For a long while my uncles stared at
the drawing; then, slowly, they drew

back from it and a:;ked questions—ques-
tions uttered in whispers, their eyes up-
on the picture.

 Who made it? And when?

  Now, much of what the Moor answered
I gathered from the comments of Thur*
land and Flane; for they, not content in
hearing the story in the Moor’s tongue,
turned his words into English, and mum-
bled them as a sort of chorus to each
other as he went 011 with the tale.

  In the gloomy room the tale wrapped
itself around* us like threads around a
spool—the very devil of a tale! We
had found a link with the man who had
written the song lhat the dwarf sang,
the song of treasure:

  This soldier of La Ligion Etrangere
had passed through the village on his
way southward, alone and on foot, his
camel having died in the wastes over
which he had come. And he was mad.
The devils of the big sands had burned
the brain of him, and he was a shouting
lunatic led forward by the woman he had
dreamed of, the Woman with Golden
Feet.

  The one-eyed man described him to
Thurland and Flane as a big blond man
who knew no fear. The Moor was doubt-
ful about his nationality; he didn’t think
him French, for h“ was too blond and
too big. German, perhaps.

  In imagination we pictured him, a big
brute of a man storming down through
the wastes, singing as he walked, singing
so that the people in the mud huts
thought him mad. Driving ever south-
ward, chanting his. wild song, the jackals
of the desert answering him.

  “Jimmy,” said Thurland, “go and find
the dwarf and brirg him here.”

 I went and found the dwarf, and
brought him back to where my uncles
waited.

  “Listen,” said Thurland, halting the
one-eyed man in his story, “is this the
song that the blond soldier sang?” And
saying that, he nodded to the dwarf,
bidding him sing the verses.

NO need was there to ask the one-eyed
man if it was tlje same song. His
face answered the question, He beat
time to it with his big hands, and he
joined in on the ciorus, thundering out
the Temajegh words.

  It seemed that ;he people of the vil-
lage thought that the blond giant was
afflicted by Allah. They were kind to
him, though they were a little frightened
by the song. The Moor had given him
CARAVAN TREASURE

131

food and drink and allowed him to sleep
in the room in which we then stood, and
he was so intrigued by the song and the
picture that he went on with him. For
seven days he had ridden into the desert;
then the madness of the soldier had
frightened him and he turned. But the
blond giant went on; he had no fear.

AND for reward the ligionaire had
. given the Moor the drawing on the
piece of sheepskin; and now, seeing the
desire in Thurland’s eyes, the one-eyed
man took the tacks from the picture and
handed it to Thurland.

  “You will carry :t,” he said. “You
have the same madness that was upon
him that gave it to me. The same look
is in your eyes.”

  The words frightened me, for I too
thought that a madness was coming up-
on my Uncle Thurland. And what I saw
was fattened by the presentation of the
picture; for every time Thurland looked
at the picture of the breastless woman,
she looked at him and put her magic on
him, her terrible magic.

  The sheik wished us to stay, he being
afraid that the robbers would return;
but the feet of my two uncles were of
quicksilver and could not keep still. And
the drawing prodded them, prodded them
the way the finger cf the devil prodded
old Tommy Flaherty when he stole the
poorbox from Kenmare Church.

  And the one-eyed man dug out of his
memory stories that the mad soldier had
told him on their journey, tremendous
stories that the white sunshine gave life
to. For doubt couldn’t exist in that
land. Thurland listened to the stories,
polished them in his own way and told
them to us; and Anastasia and I be-
lieved them, though we were afraid:
Stories of gems that had slipped from
one hand to another through the dead
centuries. From the hands of kings and
emperors to the soft silken fingers of
courtesans that they loved, and from
the fingers of the same courtesans to ad-
venturous devils they admired, and from
them to the gambler:;, or to better-fight-
ing devils who took them with the
sword-point. Now and then the church
got them, a fat cardinal receiving them
as payment for shriving the soul of a
scoundrel on his deathbed.

  There was no one on God’s sweet earth
who could tell a story of treasure like
my Uncle Thurland. For he used words

that were like crushed opals, they fall-
ing from his tongue and building up be-
lief with the color and sheer beauty of
them.

  Half the treasure that was ever lost to
the world lay south of us, so said Thur-
land. Where else would it be?

  “Do you think you’d find it in Eng-
land or Ireland?” cried Thurland, when
Anastasia uttered little words of doubt.
“England, where the Jews strain the
mud of Whitechapel through their fingers
in search of a lost ha’penny! Ireland,
where they’ve dug in every boreen,
thinking they’d find enough to buy a pint
of porter! No, it’s in a place like this,
where the devil has hidden it away—and
where brave hearts are wanted to search
for it!

  “Where,” cried Thurland, “are the fine
big emeralds that John of Brienne, who
was once Emperor of Jerusalem, took
from the Turks when he mowed them
down by the thousand?”

  And I, who had never heard of John of
Brienne, sat open-mouthed when he put
the question. But Thurland knew of
old John of Brienne, a paladin of pala-
dins, who loved and fought when he was
four-score and eight.

  “And where,” he demanded, “are the
great treasures that the Templars gath-
ered? The jewels of Nureddin, that
blazed so brightly that you could read
by the light -that came from them? The
devil’s own quantity of stuff has been
carted down here and hidden! Hidden
for years and years and years!”

 We couldn’t contradict him. We
could say nothing when that husky voice
of his boomed questions at us.

THE sheik gave us fresh camels, he
being very pleased with Thurland and
Flane. He gave us also pack camels that
he loaded with native rice and ground-
nuts and millet and dried dates. And on
the afternoon of the day we saw the hag
and the drawing, we rode out of the vil-
lage—Thurland and Flane, Anastasia, the
Arab wrestler, the hairy man, the dwarf,
the slave-girl who refused to stay behind,
the one-eyed Moor and I, we rode out of
the gate with all the men, women and
children screaming good-bys to us. Some
added a prayer to Allah for our safety,
knowing in their minds that we needed
as much protection as Allah could spare.
And in that belief they showed their
wisdom.

This story of a hazardous quest beyond the Sahara
com -s to its great climax in our forthcoming June issue.
T,

rairte

WHEN I lived with my
parents on a homestead,
the Dakota prairies were
just being settled. Our
home was a sod house dug
partly into the side of a
hill, where snows of the long winter
drifted completely over the top of it.

   In summer there was always a prairie-
fire menace. The long buffalo grass
made a fire which would sweep swiftly
across the prairie faster than a man
could run. My father usually plowed a
few furrows, but did not backfire unless
it was necessary.

   One day in early fall, my father took
me to town and bought me a new duck
coat—quite an event. In the afternoon
we were returning, and were now about
six miles from home.

  A dry thunderstorm blew up and
passed by not far to the north of us.
Soon after it had blown on across the
hills, we saw a column of smoke spiral-
ing high above the buttes to our left,
and drifting swiftly toward us I

   “Lightning must have started a fire,”
said Father anxiously. “Wind’s blowing
that smoke right toward home too! ”

   He whipped the horses up as the smoke
changed to billowing clouds which rolled
ominously over the prairie.

  Before we reached home, he had the
horses in a gallop. The fire quickly
spread until it was rolling toward us,
both from behind, and to our left. I re-
member watching Father’s tense, anxious
face, with a sort of wondering fear, yet
wholly confident that he would see that
everything came out all right.

   I remember seeing Mother waiting for
us out by the trail which ran near the
house. Seeing her dimly through the
smoke while we were still some distance
off, increased my eerie feeling. I won-
dered why there were tears in her eyes
as she kissed me, and Dad.

       In this department we print
       each month the best five
       true stories contributed by
       our readers. (For details of
       this contest, see page 3).

  As he stood with his hands on her
shoulders and looked into her eyes, he
seemed tall, and proud of her, when she
said: “I drove the cattle into the bare
lot, and took the colt out of the stable;
but I was afraid to set a backfire, be-
cause I was afraid you might not get
through it.”

  “I knew I could depend on you, Mary,”
he said.

Mother looked kind of pleased and
happy, even though she was worried.
Quickly Father gave instructions:
“You start a backfire around the
stable and stacks; I’ll take the plow to
those stacks beyor d the ridge, and try
to backfire before the fire gets to them!”
They looked toward the ridge, and al-
ready the fire was coming over it!

  “You can’t get to those stacks, dear;
that fire will cut them off in a few
minutes!” fearfulh' she pled with him.

  “I’ve got to, Mary—or we can’t keep
our stock this winte r ; the pasture will be
gone now. I’ll go through the fire where
it is burning cross-wind—the blaze won’t
be quite so high.”

  As Mother looked at him, her face
was white, pleading. “Dear—” She
hesitated, seemed thinking; then, “All
right,” she said, and kissed him.

  “Get me a bunch of sacks out of the
granary, son; and Mother can start a
backfire. While you are gone, I’ll load
up the plow.”

  I ran to do his bidding. Hastily Dad
ripped a sack, wet the pieces, and
fastened them to the bridles so they
covered the horses’ nostrils. He tied his
wet handkerchief over his own face, then
threw the sacks in a bucket of water
and set them in the wagon. He had
loaded the plow while I was after the
sacks. Grabbing tie handful of matches
which Mother gave? him, he started the
horses on a gallop toward the blaze roar-
ing down from the ridge, while Mother

132

 MEAL EX-
on

Fire

A relatively commonplace episode
made memorable in the telling—

By John Clayton

stood with her arms around me and stared
after him with anxious and pallid face.

 As the wagon went bouncing and
rumbling out of the yard, our old dog
Rover dashed after it, barking in wild
excitement! Father shouted at him to
go back, and finally threw the plow-
wrench at him, but Rover followed al-
most into the blaze.

  Father turned to wave his hand at us
as he disappeared in:o smoke and flame.
Mother sort of sobbed as her arms
tightened around me If he won through,
he must still go through a second line of
flame to reach the stacks, and then might
not have time to set a backfire before
the red terror caught up with him again!

  Suddenly Mother came to life: “The
h&ystacks, Jackie,” she cried.

We wet our sacks in the tank and
raced to the furrows around the stacks.

With trembling hands she started a
blaze on the side of the furrows toward
the wind. With our wet sacks we kept
the blaze small, and running each way
along the furrow. On the side away
from us we let it burn to meet the on-
rushing prairie fire.

  It was only a hundred yards away
now, but our backfire was spreading
rapidly before the barn lot. With our
wet sacks we desperately kept abreast of
it and beat out any flames which leaped
the furrows. The cattle were baw’ling in
terror, so that we were afraid they would
break away. But finally the worst was
over, as the flames began 4o burn out in
our backfire. With the wind shifting
slightly it raced around us, and swept
like a hurricane acrcss the prairie! On a
veritable island it left us—surrounded by
a smoking sea of black.

  Tears were streaking the grime on
Mother’s face as she looked toward the
blackened ridge.

  Apparently Mother could stand the
suspense no longer, for she said, “Come

PERXENCE5 S

 on, Jackie!” and started toward the
 ridge trail which led to the distant hay-
 stacks. The thunder’s mutterings had
 changed to heavy rumblings, and the
 sky was growing blacker.

  At about where we saw Father dis-
 appear in the flames, we found the
 charred wagon end-gate where it had
 evidently bounced out in the mad gallop.
 Beside it lay my new duck coat prac-
 tically unharmed—a freak of the fire!
 Providence often looks out for little
 boys.

 JUST then Father drove over the ridge.
 The horses were singed and sweating,
 and looked as though they could hard-
 ly stand. He kissed Mother’s tear-stained
 face, and his too was black with grime.
 The air, which had become still and
 sultry, began moving in a fresh, cool
 breeze. The smell of rain seemed to
 clear the smoke from the air. A mile or
 tw’o to the east, the inferno was rushing
 on toward the horizon, leaving black
 desolation in its wake.

   “I plowed a furrow, then backfired
 around the largest stack, but the fire
 beat me to the other.”

   “Oh, Dan! I don’t mind the hay so
 much now. You are safe—you are safe! ”
 She threw her arm around his neck.
 “Well,” he replied quietly, as they
 looked into each other’s eyes, “we’ll just
 sell a cow or two—and raise that much
 more next year.”

   He took off his battered hat as rain-
 drops began falling—kicking up puffs
 of black soot like bullets striking—wel-
 come bullets, shot from heaven to de-
 stroy the red terror!

   As I remember, that was always their
 spirit, in a land where crop failures
 averaged three years out of five.

   “Yes, we just had bad luck this year,
 Dan; but it’s all right, dear. I know
 e’ll do better next year!”

133
eak ‘Wallah

 A British forester in Siam contin-
 ues the graphic story of his work
 with big trees and big elephants.

THE great teak forests of Northern
Siam are worked mainly by British
firms operating under license from
the Siamese Government. The logs ride
down the lonely rivers in order to reach
the sawmills of Bangkok far away to the
south, but before the trees can be felled
at all they have to be girdled, or ringed,
so that they may die and become buoy-
ant enough to float. The work of girdling
is done by Government forest officers;
and one of the first jobs I had as a
junior teak-wallah was to inspect the
girdling on behalf of the firm that had
engaged me, in order to see that no trees
were being missed.

 When the cold weather was at its
height, in January, the Siamese jungle
was perfect, rather like an English wood
in spring, with plenty of shade in spite
of the falling leaves, a brilliant blue sky
above, and a freshness in the air that
never allowed the shade temperature to
mount above 82° at two p.m., the hottest
part of the day. Directly the sun went
down the temperature fell with astonish-
ing rapidity, and I had a huge log-fire,
the size of a bonfire, made up outside
my tent. After dinner I would sit out
by it, watching the sparks cascading into
the darkened, wind-foaming jungle, and
listening to the kettle which was to make
my toddy singing in the hot wood-ash.

 Gradually the days grew warmer and
the nights less chilly as the cold weather
merged into the hot. The leaves were
nearly all off the trees by now, and they
crackled frostily as one walked over
them. Jungle fires became frequent.

 I was able to indulge in some rides
on my pony Sunstar, and these outings
in the cool of the evening were lovely.
Every now and then some creature of the
wild would flash across the road in front
of Sunstar’s head: a foxy-looking red”
wild dog, a gorgeously colored jungle-
cock, a red squirrel, a barking-deer. And
once I saw a most extraordinary animal:

it had the snout of a bear, but since its
body ended iq*a long bushy tail, it looked
something like a cross between a hyena
and a South American ant-eater, if such
could be imagined. I saw it twice, first
momentarily, then in plain view quite
close to me for a good half-minute, and
it could not have been any of the better-
known animals. If anyone who reads
these lines could give me some idea as to
its identity, I should be grateful.

  Now that the jungle was burnt-out, I
became much more aware of bird-life
than before. There were the black-and-
white plover that in places swarmed in
hordes and made the most tremendous
row. At the slightest excuse,—a rustle
in the undergrowth, the scamper of some
gibbon in the tree-tops,—they would rise,
screaming. Then there were two species
of kingfisher: one all blue and gold, tfie
other a little spottec; gray creature. The
giant hornbill was fairly common, and I
often heard his huge wings swishing
through the air, and his raucous “kok-
kok-kok” as he alighted on some branch.
It is his habit to wall his mate into a
tree at nesting-time, a slight aperture
only being left through which he can
feed her—the idea being, I suppose, to
insure that she gets on with her job of
hatching the eggs.

  Green parrakeets and minas were com-
mon. They both make good pets, minas
especially being firsL-class imitators and
therefore good talkers. Doves and green
pigeon were also numerous, the latter
having a lovely soft green plumage and
bright blue or bright red claws, jungle-
fowl, the originators of the domestic va-
riety, though I rarely saw them on the
wing, could be heard crowing and scut-
tling in the brakes all round my camp.

  There were no duck or teal or snipe in
the vicinity, as these flourished in the
flatter, more marshy districts farther to
the south. I was soon to come across
them, however, for when the next mon-
soon season was shrouding the jungle
in rain, I received instructions to pro-
ceed to the firm’s rafting station at
Sawankaloke.
By Reginald
Campbell

R\FTS are used because obviously you
cannot allow thousands of logs to
come drifting out of the jungle rivers
and then down the great parent river
Mae Nam into the populated water-way
of Bangkok; somewhere the logs have
got to be caught and collected into rafts
which, manned by river experts, can be
brought down under control to the capi-
tal. But rafts cannot negotiate water-
falls, and the companies therefore built
their stations immediately below the
southernmost falls of the main rivers.

  A very big rise had occurred, I learned
from Richmond, the man I had come
to relieve, a fortnight before, bringing
thousands of logs down from the tribu-
taries of the north. These logs had been
Caught and brought into the banks by
the villagers for the usual salvage money

fiaid them by the firms; and now the
icensed raftsmen—swarthy Siamese, for
we were now south of Lao territory—
were engaged in making the timber up
into rafts, containing an average of one
hundred and sixty logs apiece. Our job,
Richmond told me. was to supervise the
work in general, settle disputes between
rival raftsmen, advance them money,
take all raft-meajurements when the
rafts were completed, and then send
them off on the first stage of their long
journey down to Bangkok.

  After a period in Sawankaloke, Rich-
mond and I moved forty-five miles down-
stream to a place called Sukothai, where
the company’s second rafting station was
situated.

  Of all the desolate, jpiserable, God-
forsaken places on this earth, Sukothai
must surely be the worst! The country
all round was just one vast, flat, desolate
swamp of mud, cane and elephant-grass.
And the heat was appalling. The only
other white men in Sukothai—or indeed
anywhere for a hundred miles in any
given direction—were two Danes and an
Englishman, all rafting assistants for
their respective firms like myself. The
work at Sukothai was very hard, but it
was all the more welcome in that it
helped one to fo-get about Sukothai.

“Fleas are good for a dog; they keep a
dog from brooding on being a dog.”
When the last of the rafts had left
Sukothai, I thankfully departed from the
place in order to see the timber through
the royalty stations at Paknampoh. The
rains were long over, and the brief cold
weather had set in by the time the last
raft got safely through to Bangkok. I
then left Paknampoh and spent the hot
weather doing some river trips, counting
the logs left stranded on the sand-bars;
and when finally I returned to northern
H.Q. in Nakon, I found my boss Orwell
in from his Muang Ngow forest. It was
then I heard the tale of the running amok
of our elephant Poo Kam Sen.

NOW, the Asiatic elephant differs much
from his African brother. He has
shorter, thicker legs, his ears are much
smaller, his body is more massive, and he
has a great square head in place of the
African’s sloping one. The biggest Afri-
can elephant stands about twelve feet at
the shoulder, the biggest Asiatic, ten ; ten
feet is exceptional, however, eight being
quite a good height for a tusker. The
biggest animal I ever saw—Poo Kam Sen
—stood nine feet three inches.

  In the Siamese teak forests baby ele-
phants are allowed to run free beside
their mothers till they reach the age of
five. As soon as one is born,—and it must
be remembered that teak-forest elephants
live almost completely natural lives in
their natural surroundings, dragging logs
for only a few hours a day and then graz-
ing in the jungle,—a cow elephant from
one of the near-by workers attaches itself
of its own accord to the mother and be-
comes the baby’s “aunt.” Thereafter
nothing short of force will separate the
two cows until the little one is at least
three years old. The idea is, I suppose,
that, with two great forms to guard it on
either side, the babe will be well prp-
135
136

REAL EXPERIENCES

tected from the attacks of tiger; and the
custom, which is presumably the result
of instinct, is a remarkable one, known
only, as far as I am aware, to teak-wal-
lahs. A baby elephant, incidentally,
sucks the milk of its mother with mouth,
not trunk.

  When the youngster is five it is sepa-
rated by force from its mother (and
“aunt” if still there), and tied to four
stakes in the ground. Against these it
strives uselessly till it learns that man is
its master. Every attention and kindness
is then shown it, and a mahout is detailed
to give it a few simple lessons in being
ridden. To these it usually readily re-
sponds.

  From the ages of five to fifteen ele-
phants mainly do baggage work, the how-
dahs and weights in them getting bigger
along with the growth of the animal. At
fifteen he or she is practically grown-up
and can be put to timber-work.

  The tales that are told of elephants
living two or three hundred years are
nonsense. Seventy or eighty is a good
age as with humans, though cases no
doubt exist of a hundred being reached,
while wild elephants may sometimes at-
tain a hundred and twenty years.

WHERE do elephants go to when they
die ? Many are the stories that have
been woven round this mystery, as mys-
tery to my mind it still is. Wild elephants
are numerous in the north of Siam, yet
never once did I meet a forest hunter or
any other man who had ever come across
the remains of one; which, considering
the size of the skeleton, not to mention
the tusks that never turn to bone-dust,
is surprising. Personally, I do not be'.ieve
any burial-ground does exist, but further
than that I cannot go, preferring to treat
the whole question as unanswerable.

  Amongst our own force, of course,
deaths were fairly frequent, and after
cutting out the tusks we made a practice
of burning the bodies with kerosene and
firewood. Diseases such as anthrax
and surra accounted for a good many, and
occasionally we lost an animal through
the bulls fighting one another. As the
supply of calves was not sufficient to re-
place this constant drainage, we bought
as and when required from Burmese and
Shan elephant traders. These in turn
obtained their supply under Government
license by capturing wild elephants and
breaking them in. The method of cap-
ture has been too often described by other
writers for me to go into here, but briefly

it is done by rounding up a herd and driv-
ing it into a stockade, after which the
chosen animals are noosed by tame ones
and tied to trees outside the enclosure.
They are then put through the ordeal of
the posts, which ordeal, remarkably
enough, they often take better when fully
grown than when they are youngsters.
After that it is a matter of training them
at the routine baggage and timber work
until they are proficient enough to offer
for sale. »

  The male has periods of disturbance
known as “musth,” during which he is
highly dangerous and has to remain se-
curely shackled to a tree. One can tell
when an attack is coming on by an oily
discharge that starts exuding from a hole
in the temple; when the oil, which comes
out very gradually, has trickled down to
a level with the eye—then look out! If
he’s not properly secured, the chances
are he’ll try to kill anyone in sight.

  An elephant cannot take all four feet
off the ground at once. In other words,
it cannot jump, and a ditch which a horse
or even a big dog cojld cross will there-
fore stop it completely. It cannot turn
its head round like the average animal,
because its neck is too short, so if it wants
to see what is going on behind, it has to
turn its whole body round. This makes it
very nervous at being suddenly ap-
proached from the rear.

  It has an instinctive distrust of dogs
and horses, though buffaloes and bullocks
it doesn’t mind in the least. With the
exception of the whale, it is probably the
finest swimmer of all the mammalia. It
is a shade-loving creature, and cannot
stand being exposed to hot sun. It loves
getting frightened and starting “panics,”
especially if a female. It has such a thin
skin that it suffers torments from the
bites of insects. For this reason it flings,
with the aid of its trunk, dust and mud
over itself whenever possible. Its sight
is not very good, but its powers of scent
are enormous. It can wind a man or a
tiger up to a distance of over two miles.
It sleeps only for about three hours out
of the twenty-four.

IN character elephants vary just as much
as dogs, or human beings, for that
matter. For example, I recall Poo Noi
Pee Bah, literally the Small Mad One, a
fine big tusker. For weeks on end he
would be a model, working well and be-
having well; and then, for no reason con-
nected with “musth” or anything else, he
would suddenly become a fierce, morose
TEAK-WALLAH

137

brute up to any sort of mischief. He
would attack other elephants, chase
coolies; one night he even attacked the
forest manager in his tent, and the man-
ager was lucky to escape alive.

  Then there was Mae Toom, who al-
ways looked in the pink of condition yet
was constantly developing some irri-
tating little minor ailment. And there
vere those who pai-ed into chums. These
“chums” were particularly exasperating.
Two—they might be tuskers or they
might be cows—would each suddenly de-
cide that in the other he had met his
soul-mate, and thereafter, as in the
“aunt” racket, nothing short of force
would separate them. Perhaps one would
be a skilled river-worker and the other
a hill-worker, necessitating completely
different camps being chosen for them,
and then the trurnpetings, the bellow-
ings, the general rumpus when the sepa-
ration came! The midnight journeys,
too, as they strove to meet again, and
the oaths of the mahouts who had to fol-
low them up next day! Still, one
couldn’t help sympathizing with them.

  Then there were the killers that were
always killers, generally huge, sullen
tuskers which, though they had been
fcroken in at the posts, had never really
been tamed and still retained the souls
of tigers. There was the female who
would only have the hobbles placed on
her hind-legs instead of on the fore; and
the “traveler” who insisted on being put
in the rear while on the march; and the
tusker who loved digging up human
corpses and eating them—a disgusting
habit but only too painfully true.

TO return to Orwell and Poo Kam
Sen: This elephant went on “musth,”
and unfortunately broke the chain by
which he had been secured to a tree,
and got free. Thus it happened that one
morning, while traveling on their lawful
occasions along a strip of the Nakon
Muang Ngow road, two o£ our elephants,
together with their mahouts, beheld the
mightiest tusker in the land advancing
upon them, hell in his mien and eye.
Even they, the elephants, feared him,
and turning, they ;led sidewise into the
jungle, shedding howdahs and mahouts
in the process. Luckily for them, not to
speak of the men, Poo Kam Sen con-
tinued up the road instead of branching
aside. ' But a Lao husbandman, walking
alone on the road, was knocked down,
crushed, and left a shapeless mass of
flesh and blood in the dust.

  On then now, mad with “musth” and
blood, went Poo Kam Sen. Except for
the very slight chink and slur of the
chain, he made not a sound; that is the
terrible thing about him and his kind:
he may be a foot or two behind you, yet
you won’t know he’s there, so noiselessly
does he move. Two bullock-carts ap-
peared ahead. The drivers just had time
to flee, and he was on them, smashing the
carts to matchwood and killing the pa-
tient bullocks.

QUICKLY the news spread: Poo Kam
Sen was loose and had turned killer.
Amok,	amok! Orwell, out on

a round trip of inspection, foamed into
his compound by the village on his gray
mare. Poo Kam Sen was not Orwell’s ele-
phant, but the chief who owned the ani-
mal was ten days’ journey away, and he,
Orwell, must be responsible for the safe-
ty of the village and its inhabitants.

  “Tell everyone to keep to their houses,”
he snapped to the village headman. He
next beckoned to his own elephant head-
man ; the tuskers of the company were
also in danger, for should any of them be
seen by Poo Kam Sen, the chances are
they would be attacked.

  “Have every Poo that is near the vil-
lage sent a good ten miles away,” he or-
dered. Next he pointed to a strip of har-
vested paddyland opposite the company
compound on the other side of the river.

  “Dig a pit,” he told them, “there, in
the center of that field. Let it be eight
feet deep and six feet wide, and let every
man available get on with the work.
When the pit is finished, conceal it with
a covering of leaves and bamboo, then
place a plank across the middle, so that
a man may get over in safety and an
elephant may not.”

  “So,” murmured the brown audience,
puzzled but vastly interested.

  “When everything is ready,” Orwell
continued, “the mahouts shall drive two
cow elephants into the field in the hopes
of luring Poo Kam Sen after them.”
“But the pit,” objected the village
headman. “Of what use is it, master?
For it will only be by the merest chance
that Poo Kam Sen will go near enough to
fall into it.”

  “It will not be by the merest chance,”
returned Orwell. “Because a man will
go into the middle of the field, and the
elephant, seeing him, will charge. The
man will then make for the pit and run
across the plank, leaving Poo Kam Sen
to fall in. Surely it is clear?”
138

REAL EXPERIENCES

  “Meh !” exclamations of awe rose from
a dozen dusky throats. “And who—who
will be the man, master?”

  “I will be,” said Orwell.

  Thus it came about that the pit was
dug, the females driven into position,
and Poo Kam Sen lured out after them
into the middle of the field. Behind the
pit, armed with bamboo spears and ropes,
stood numerous mahouts and coolies.
And with them was Orwell.

  “I’m going,” said he, after a final
glance round at the preparations. Then
he walked halfway down one side of the
field, after which he swung boldly out
into the open.

  Poo Kam Sen, dallying with his cows,
saw him, let out one great bellow of
wrath, surged his whole colossal bulk for-
ward to blot out this impudent pygmy.
Orwell, turning, fled for his life toward
the pit.

  Poo Kam Sen gained on him—though
he dared not turn round, he was sure of
it. Ah, there was the concealed pit—
at last, and there the plank leading to
safety. One, two, three, four—and he
was over.

CRASH! With a thud that literally
shook the earth, the vast body
smashed down into the pit.

  “Quick! The ropes!” panted Orwell.

  The coolies and mahouts leaped for-
ward, but the awesome spectacle of the
enraged leviathan, bellowing and trum-
peting, smashing and heaving and goring
at the sides of his precarious prison,
caused their hands to tremble and the
ropes to get confused.

  “Out! He’s getting out I” suddenly
shrieked one of the men.

  A pause, in which, to their horror,
they saw that Poo Kam Sen, thanks to
his stupendous might, had actually man-
aged to tear down part of one side of the
pit and was beginning to heave himself
up over the falling earth! The coolies
and mahouts waited for no more. Drop-
ping their ropes, they fled across the Mae
Ngow river. And Orwell, finding him-
self alone and helpless, had no course left
but to follow them.

  That evening news came that the ele-
phant had killed another man.

  There followed for the village, indeed
for the whole district, nights and days of
fear, a fear augmented one particular
night by thieves dragging a chain
through a darkened alleyway, thereby
inducing the populace to believe that the

killer was in their midst, and causing
them to make a mad dash from the
marketplace. Once the stalls were clear
of occupants, the theves helped them-
selves to whatever they wanted.

  Owing to the menace of the killer, the
work of the whole Muang Ngow teak
forest came to a standstill; at last there
came to Orwell the company’s elephant-
medicine-maker, bear ng a bundle of ar-
rows, the tips of which were stained with
a greenish flufd, and a buffalo horn
filled with powder.

  “Lord,” said he, “I have an idea. These
are poisoned arrows, and if they are put
in guns and fired at Poo Kam Sen’s legs,
then will he become so lame that he will
scarcely be able to mcve at all; at which
your servants the coolies and mahouts
will surely have the chance to rope him.”

  Orwell jumped at the suggestion. He
had his own gun, and the somewhat
primitive firearms belonging to the vil-
lage headman and one or two others,
loaded with the arrows; then the party
went off stalking Poc Kam Sen. They
came across him, half in and half out of
the jungle on the river-bank below the
ford, and though Orwdl tried to restrain
his followers till they were at closer,
quarters, the sight of the great beast was
too much for them; off went the guns,
nearly killing Orwell n the process, and
causing Poo Kam Sen to bolt without a
scratch.

  After that Orwell decided to hunt
alone. What happened during the next
few days only he knows, but he was suc-
cessful in getting several arrows home,
and it wasn’t long be 'ore Poo Kam Sen
was reduced to impotency.

"IT was a ghastly sight, though, in the
1 end,” said Orwell as he concluded
his story. “The great brute was rolling
and staggering like a drunken man, what
with the pain of the poison and the
‘musth’ going out of him. . . . Will he
get over it? He was al nost himself again
by the time I left to come in here.”

  Thus ended the running amok of Poo
Kam Sen. And if ever a man showed
courage and resource in a trying time,
with no one to help him and a great
responsibility upon his shoulders, it was
Orwell.

  It is with the deejjest regret that I
have just heard, wiile writing these
pages, of his death in his native Glou-
cestershire. There was valor and no
meanness in him.

Further adventures of our teak-wallah will be described in an early issue.
i^ussian Hunt

     Instead cf chasing the wolves
     they let the wolves chase them.

 By Bcrnis Pavloff

DURING my last year in the Cadet
School at Orenburg, in Russia,
instead of spending the entire
Christmas vacation at home, I decided to
pay a visit to the heme of my school chum
Basil Svietloff. It was a trip of over a
hundred miles. Old Jacob accompanied
me, and we traveled by sleigh, the
horses harnessed in troika, or three
abreast. As we started on our journey,
snow was falling heavily, and soon our
progress became slow through the deep
drifts. Nightfall brought us to a village
buried in snow, "acob jumped out and
patted Arab’s head gratefully. The snow
in front of one of the mounds on the left
moved, as the door behind it pushed open.

'A sturdy hulk of a man appeared in the
doorway. Jacob recognized him as the
chief man of the village. He cordially
invited us in to get warm. It turned out
that our host was a veteran soldier, and
when he learned that I was in the Cadet
School, he told of the campaigns in which
he had participated. Later a bed was
fixed up in the guest corner for me, and
Jacob and the head-man lay down to
sleep over the stove.

   By morning the storm had sufficiently
abated to permit us to continue our jour-
ney to the Svietloffs, where we arrived
about dark. The three brothers came
out to greet us.

   “Hello, friend travelers,” shouted Bas-
 il, who was the youngest. “What a storm !
 Hope you aren’t frostbitten. Come in
 and get thawed 011.”

  W'e assured him we were not frost-
bitten. Then Basil had another idea:
“Do you feel like going out again to-
night?” he asked. “Brother thought it
would be a good night for a wolf-hunt.”
“There are plenty of wolves roaming
about,” added Alexander. “They are
very daring and fierce this winter. A
few nights ago a couple of the beasts
came right up to the porch by the garden.
Basil hurried to fetch a gun, but before
he returned with it, they were gone.”

  The prospect of a wolf-hunt was ex-
hilarating. The love of adventure and
the hunter’s instinct in me were strong.
So it was quickly agreed that we should
go on a hunt that very night—but not
before we had partaken heavily of de-
licious meat pie and other things.

  By about eight-thirty it had accom-
modatingly stopped snowing. The air
was crisp, and the white-carpeted ground
sparkled in the moonlight. Every dark
object stood out plainly against the
white background. The night was ideal
for a hunt. The rosvalni—a low light
seatless sleigh, open at the back—was
brought up. It also had poles stuck out
from each side to prevent it from over-
turning on curves. Blankets were piled
on straw on its floor, on which we could
sit. The stableman inspected the entire
equipment carefully. Each of us stuck
a revolver in his belt for emergency use.
A young pig and another sack with pig-
dung in it, together with a long rope,
were brought from the stables and placed
in charge of Feodor. Alexander took the
reins. With our guns beside us, after the
usual paternal benediction, we were off
on the night’s adventure. With a greater
knowledge of the perils of wolf-hunting,
Basil’s father dispatched a couple of men
on horseback to follow our trail and be
on hand if needed.

GALLOPING over crusted snow, the
horses brought us to the edge of the
forest. As we drove among the shadows
made by the trees and bushes, we set to
work on the final preparations for the
sport. The sack was tied to the long rope
and thrown out to trail along some sixty
yards behind. The squeals of the un-
happy little pig in the other sack in the
sleigh were the only sounds which dis-
turbed the night’s stillness. Eagerly we
watched the shadows for lurking wolves.

  “The first wolf we see is yours, Boris.
Be ready with your gun,” Alexander re-
minded me.

139
RUSSIAN HUNT

  He had scarcely uttered these words
when I espied a pair of green eyes gleam-
ing from the shadows on the left side of
th road.

  “Wait till he attacks the sack,” cau-
tioned Alexander in my ear.

  Suddenly two huge wolves pounced on
the trailing sack. I brought my gun to
bear on them and fired twice. One of
the beasts jumped high into the air, and
rolled over when he landed. The other
clung tenaciously to the sack with his
wicked teeth. The horses snorted and
pranced about with instinctive dread.
Again I shot at the second beast, and he
too rolled over. Excited and gloating
over the kill, Basil and I jumped out of
the sleigh to get the quarry, but Alex-
ander again admonished us:

  “Better go slow and be careful. Be
sure they are dead before you get too
close. If only wounded they will be
nasty.”

  Cautiously we approached the beasts,
and when close enough to examine them,
found them to be killed, and dragged
them into the sleigh. And then we re-
sumed the hunt.

TWICE again we saw glittering green
eyes in the shadows, but the beasts
slunk off. The little pig had become
mute, and had to be prodded into noisy
activity to remind it of the part it must
play in the night’s adventure. For a
long time no wolf showed itself, and
we were growing impatient. Then at the
edge of the forest appeared a large dark
moving mass.

  The horses snorted, and kicked at
the shafts frantically. It was a pack of
wolves, and they kept coming steadily
nearer to us. They were more numerous
than we had expected to meet. When
they were within close range, we shot
at them with gun and pistol repeatedly.
One of the beasts jumped at a horse’s
head, but a well-directed shot laid him
low. The snarling pack surrounded us.
We were in a real fix, but we kept up the
fire and eventually killed or cowed them.
When five of them lay dead, the rest ran
off, much to our relief. There had been
nine of them. We congratulated ourselves
on getting out of the mess so luckily.

  Content with the night’s sport, we
turned back home, where we found Mr.
Svietloff still up and waiting anxiously
for us. He understood better than we
young-bloods that hunting wolves was
very serious business, and was relieved
when we were safely home.

I WAS repairing a sixty-ton axle-press
in the heat-treating department of one
of Detroit’s largest car factories, with a
fellow called John supervising the work.
John was one of those men who was al-
ways too eager to please the men higher
up, and before the main bearing caps had
been replaced on the punch press, he told
the superintendent lhat the job was
complete, and took me over to work on
an electric carbonizing furnace at the
other side of the building.

  Two of the center rails in the bottom
of the furnace bed had become warped
by the months of constant heat; but hav-
ing been shut off two days previously, it
was quite cool now; and crawling
through the fourteen-inch opening, I be-t
gan replacing the old members with new
ones, while John fed me the material to
do it with.

  It was a dusty, cramped-up place to
work in; I was hurrying, and had but a
few minutes’work left to do when I heard
the superintendent bawling out John
about the punch-press flying to pieces.

  I had to grin to myself. But I was
far from grinning a lew moments later
as I had just drawn the last bolt snug,
and was about to pull myself through
the tight-fitting opening to get outside,
when the electrically operated doors
jammed shut and locked me inside.

  Now I realized that I was in one deuce
of a fix, and many crazy thoughts ran
through my mind. I thanked my stars
that it wasn’t a blast furnace that I was
in, as in that case I would have been
roasted alive practically the instant that
the gas was lighted. Still, I could pic-
ture myself dying an awful death in that
infernal hole a short time after the opera-
tor turned on the electricity.

  I hadn’t the least doubt but that John
had given the report that the job was
completed before it was, and that in his
frenzy over being bawled out by the
superintendent, he had entirely forgotten
that I was still in the furnace.

  But rattled and fearful as I felt, I had
J^ocked in a Cjfiurnace

IVhat happened when they really turned on the heat.

By Ivan J. Stretten

 sense left to real ze that I was at the
 wrong end of the furnace ever to hope
 to get those outside to hear my calls or
 pleadings. So I began to work my way
 toward the other or feeder end of the
 furnace some fifty feet away. I had to
 crawl on my stomach, and I barely
 reached my destination when the elec-
 tricity was turned on.

   The closest electrical element was
 about six feet away, but in a very short
 time the place became extremely uncom-
 fortable, and the big beads of perspira-
 tion fairly rolled down my face and
 body.

   I began to yell and pound on the cast-
 iron door, and the more I continued to
 do so without an answer from the out-
 -• side, the further my spirits seemed to
 drop. Then I realized that because of
 the constant rumblings associated with
 such a departmer.t, it was next to im-
 possible to make myself heard any dis-
 tance away fron the outside of the
 furnace; but I still held hopes that some
 one passing close by would eventually
 hear the noise which I was frantically
 endeavoring to create.

   Every second it became more hot and
 suffocating, and my clothes. began to
 scorch with the heat; but by taking off
 my smock and hanging it over the near-
 est conduit-cover, I managed to keep
 my face from burning.

   This little act proved very helpful
 for a few minutes, but the smock started
 to smolder and I was Jprced to take it
 down. The smoke from the smock and
 the increasing heat caused me to cough
 and gasp for brea h; a person has to ex-
 perience such a thing to realize the many
 weird thoughts that ran through my
 mind as I visioned being roasted to
 death with hundreds of other people
 only a few feet away not knowing of my
 desperate predicament.

   It takes several hours to bring the
 temperature of an electric carbonizing
 furnace to a red heat, and at least a
 couple of hours before it becomes hot

 enough to roast a person; but after
 twenty minutes I was on the verge of
 calling quits, when the door opened an
 inch or so.

  I knew that the act of lifting the door
a fraction was for the purpose of letting
out any gas which might be present in
the corners of the furnace, and the in-
stant that I saw the door move, I yelled
with all my might, but the operator
failed to hear me.

  I must admit that I was actually fran-
tic now, and had practically given up
all hopes of ever being saved, when I
suddenly thought of shoving my hammer
handle through the small crack at the
bottom of the door. I couldn’t hope to
raise the half-ton casting, but I didn’t
want it to go shut again, as the little
fresh air that I could get through the
opening felt intensely refreshing to my
parched throat and lungs, and I imagined
that by wiggling the hammer-handle I
might happen to draw attention.

MY feet began to feel like red-hot
coals, and I could distinctly smell
the grease on my overalls scorching from
the heat, but the little fresh air that I
managed to get from under the door
seemed to make it less suffocating than
it had been a few minutes before.

  Numerous accidents and narrow es-
capes from death, on the motorcycle
race tracks and in many other hazard-
ous undertakings had hardened me con-
siderably to pain and worry, but this was
one instance when I gave up. In fact I
had lost all hope entirely when the door
suddenly flew open and John appeared
in the opening.

  “Good Lord ! ” he frantically exclaimed
as he dragged me out.

  I had promised myself to say many
rough things to John if he ever got back
in time to save me. But I couldn’t help
feeling as sorry for him as myself when
I saw his scared condition, and to this
day John and I are the only ones who
actually know what happened.

141
THERE was famine in southern
Rhodesia in 1896; the Matabele
were in rebellion, the country burned
off, all oxen from the Zambezi to the Cape
killed by the fell disease of rinderpest.
South Africa had inherited the seven
plagues of Egypt, and corpses of starved
natives strewed the land.

  I was running a wattle-and-daub trad-
ing store at Mangwe, Matabeleland, six
hundred miles from the nearest railroad,
and then was agent for the old ten-mule
leather-swung coaches. Besides those,
only the transport riders who rode up
provisions, the few Dutch farmers and
the British South African Police in the
tiny fort, constituted my customers.
Occasionally an Afghan, Ali Khan,
passed with a drove of horses from the
back of the Kalahari Desert; sometimes
a Hindu came along with a herd of
sheep brought out of the Kalahari grass.

  Food being so scarce, I always had
thirty or forty uninvited “boys” working
about the store and kraal for what I
could give them to eat. They, however,
were only a continual nuisance. I never
knew which were my unpaid assistants
and which weren’t. “Boys” came, and
stole, and went.

  The Hindu was in the store one day,
and against the law, he was drinking
Scotch whisky. Dressed in regular white
Indian costume, with red sash and tur-
ban, he yet was drinking his whisky
straight.

  “Seyyid,” I remarked, after he’d pol-
ished off a whole bottle, “when you die,
you’ll die pre-cremated.”

  “No, baas,” he corrected. “When I
die, I die still thirsty and standin’ up.”
The Hindu presently turned and
looked out over the parched sand, and to
his herd of distressed, panting sheep. My
e3'es followed his, switched about, opened
wide. Coming out of the round mud-

J-feld for

A young trader in Rhodesia
gets himself into a serio-
comic jam.

and-thatch hut I called my dining-room,
I saw a native. In cne hand the native
had a jar of my most sacred preserves,
in the other a can ol beef.

  Like a flash I came to. With a howl I
was over the rough enpty-beer-case-built
counter and to the door. The native
heard me coming, took one squint at me,
then was off, swift as a springbok.

  The Hindu was outside quick as I, but
with me there was a rifle. For some
reason, instead of bolting acros^ the veldt,
the native headed straight for the fort.

 For two hundred yards the “boy”
sprinted downhill to the dry, reedy bed of
the Mangwe River, then leaped to climb
the zigzagging path up a couple of hun-
dred feet of rocky rise. Angry, yet
laughing, I turned to Seyyid. I was only
a kid of about twenty.

  “Poor hungry devil!” I said. “I don’t
blame him, Seyyid. But you watch me
make him hop over those rocks.”

  The Hindu glowered. “Shoot, baas!
Shoot the blixom ! He only dog! ”

  “No, I’ll not shoot him,” I grinned.
“But I’ll make him move.”

  Twenty or thirty feet either side of the
native I planted bullets, and watched the
sand spurt up, sent them over his head,
and heard them ricochet and go whe-e-e !
over the brow of the rise. In but a mo-
ment the fellow was out of sight.

  Early in the afternoon I saw, coming
down that same rocky slope, two police.

  The police came iri and had a drink.
One of ’em, a Swede, addressed me: “You
bane under ’rrest,” he said.

  I didn’t take any notice, and produced
the dice-box. For an hour or so we
threw for drinks. Then suddenly, as if re-
membering something, the Swede re-
peated : “You bane under ’rrest.”

  “What in blazes d’you mean?” I asked
him at last. “What’s the joke?”

  The other policeman supplied the in-
formation. “You’re vnder arrest, Bertie.
We’ve come over to fetch you. This
morning you shot at and tried to kill a
Kaffir. Inkomozaan, he calls himself.”

142
By Ferdinand
Berthoud

  “Kill a Kaffir! ” I bawled. “All I did
was to shoot all around him to make him
run faster. He stole stuff off me. Ask
Seyyid here. He saw it all.”

  The Swede gurgled. “You bane under
’rrest.”

  It was dusk when I shut up the store.
By maneuvering I managed to get each
policeman still enough to sling his rifle
strap over his shculder and chest. Then,
in the middle and holding each up by an
arm, I started for the fort and doom.
Gripping a bottle, Seyyid watched me go.

AT the fort there was little formality.

. Armstrong, ;he Commissioner, just
looked at me sadly and told me what a
serious crime I’d committed.

  “Crime?” I exploded. “Has that boy
got the nerve to come and tell you I was
trying to kill him, when all I was doing
was trying to sca-e him when he’d been
stealing off me?”

  “There’s the law,” Armstrong argued.
“You could have lodged a complaint
against this Inkomozaan, and have had
him punished.”

  I went purple. “How am I going to
know that a running boy, three or four
hundred yards away from me, is named
Inkomozaan? Am I a seer? I didn’t
shoot at him. I played with him.”
“You shouldn’t have used firearms,”
Armstrong abjured. “I’m afraid, Bertie,
you’ll have to appear before me tomor-
row morning on the charge of attempted
murder. If you have any witnesses, you
must bring ’em. And yffu’ll have to put
up seventy-five pounds’ bail; otherwise
I’ll have you kept in the fort all night.”
“Bail?” I howled. “What are you
trying to make of me? A criminal ? I’ve
only got about twenty pounds with me,
Armstrong, in any case.”

  “S-s-s-sh! ” Arm strong soothed. “Don’t
et upset. I’ll lend you the odd fifty-
ve, Bertie. You be here at ten to-
morrow.”

  I took Armstrong’s fifty-five, fished
out my own twenty and put ’em along,

handed back the seventy-five. “All right,
Armstrong,” I agreed. “I’ll be here.
So’ll half the country.”

  And that was that.

  Every Dutch farmer, Dutch Vroouw,
Dutch Tante, trader, prospector, trans-
port-rider and policeman living within a
score of miles was there when I rode over
next morning—fully a hundred people.
The Kaffir telegraph had spread the
news quickly.

  Armstrong’s mud hut wasn’t any big-
ger than any of mine; in the fort there
wasn’t any hut big enough for a court-
house. Foresighted, Armstrong had set
Kaffirs to bring in trunks of trees and
arrange them in a semicircle out in the
open for those interested to sit on, and
that was the court.

  Almost all that day we sat in the blaz-
ing sun; and the business of the court
didn’t progress at all. Right at the
jump I’d explained to Armstrong that
Seyyid, my only witness, was missing
when I’d got home the night before, and
hadn’t put in an appearance since.

  “That’s unfortunate,” Armstrong al-
lowed. “We’ll just have to wait till he
can be found. I’ll send a dozen or so
native police out, and maybe they’ll
round him up.”

  I	was thinking about my closed store,
and the thirty or forty strange Kaffirs
lurking about it. “I hope to God they
do!” I told him.

  Along about three-thirty, Hans Lee’s
wife and Crissie Van Rooyen stretched
out flat on the sand by Armstrong’s chair
and went to sleep. One by one the
native police came in, shaking their
heads. Seyyid’s sheep still were strag-
gling about, they said, but there was no
sign of any Hindu.

  Blinking, of a sudden Armstrong came
to life and got to his feet. “Court’s ad-
journed till tomorrow,” he announced.

NEXT day at ten o’clock the crowd
was bigger. And Willie G—, from a
store fifteen miles up in the Pass in the
144

REAL EXPERIENCES

Matoppo Hills, had of his own volition
shut up and come down by coach to be
my lawyer. But still no Hindu!

  Armstrong rose stiffly. “Sorry ; I have
to do my duty. I have to send a report
in. We must adjourn for the day, and
be here again tomorrow. Bertie, I warn
you if you don’t produce thio witness of
yours tomorrow, I’ll have to send you
and the case as it is to the court in
Bulawayo, and let them deal with it.
We can’t wait forever.”

  Willie was very drunk when we went
to bed that night, but his head was work-
ing. “Ber’ie,” he said, “court aint bein’
run right. You wait ’morrow mornin’,
Ber’ie, an’ see what happens.”

  Several sixteen-mule tented wagons
had pulled in that third morning, and the
court seats were dotted with a score or
so of barefoot Dutch children. Fires
were going in all directions, and big-
breasted Kaffir umfazis were preparing
food.

  Willie didn’t sit down at all. “Arm-
strong,” he opened out, as soon as the
Commissioner hove in sight, “what sort of
hoojah are you trying to pull off here?
You don’t know one thing about court
procedure. You’ve been keeping every-
body waiting the past two days for the
prisoner’s one witness, without once mak-
ing any formal charge, or calling any
witness for the prosecution.”

  Armstrong visibly wilted. “Well, I was
only trying to be decent, wasn’t I? I
wanted to give Bertie a chance.’’

  “Chance, me foot!” Willie jeered. “Go
on with the case.”

  Armstrong shuffled. “Very well,” he
agreed. “Here goes.”

  In their own tongue Armstrong called
to his beautifully muscled brown-black
native police to rise from their haunches
and stand behind him, then seated him-
self in his chair. Waving to the much
occupied and totally inattentive crowd
around, he did his best.

  “Ladies and gentlemen,” he opened
out, “four days ago the prisoner, Bertie,
shot at a native, one Inkomozaan, with
intent to kill. The charge against him
is attempted murder. The first witness
for the prosecution will be the aggrieved
native, Inkomozaan. . . .

  “Inkomozaan,” rose his voice, in Mata-
bele, “come here and stand at my side
and before me, where I can see you and
hear your tale.”

  “Yuh!” Willie helped him. “Hear his
tale!”

  For a full minute the scattered crowd

took notice and waited. No native made
any attempt o break from the mob. A
tremor went through the muddle of
whites; among the ..natives appeared
strange consternation—-a mumbling and
muttering as of puzzled dismay. Pres-
ently one more bold native policeman
edged round to Armstrong.

  “Inkomozaan, the bass says he wants?”
he inquired.

  “Yes, Inkomozaan.”

  The Kaffir hunched his shoulders, and
opened his arms wide as to embrace the
earth. “Oh, Inkomozaan? Inkomozaan
was frightened, baas. The big crowd
frightened him. Two days ago he ran
away.”

 “Ran away? Whereto?”

  The Kaffir hunched again. “Into the
hills, baas. Into the bush. He’s gone.
Lost.”

  As a man stricken, Armstrong gripped
the edges of his chair For an instant
his face was blank, and he didn’t speak.
Suddenly he sprang to his feet, dug a
hand into a pocket and brought out a
wad of bills. Still silent, he counted off
twenty pounds.

  ‘ Here, Bertie,” he said ’at length.
“It’s all over. Here’s your bail-money.
The complainant’s vanished. The case is *
dismissed.”

 “Yuh!” Willie came in again. “I
knew you’d be glad to give him his
money back and get rid of him. Now
he and I’ll go over to the store and
spend the twenty.”

SIDE by side up the slope toward the
store Willie and [ rode. Standing
bang in front of the dcor of the store we
both noted a white-clad, red-turbaned
figure. Well I knew who it was. The
figure ran to meet us.

  “My baas! My baas!” Seyyid fair-
ly sang as he ran. “My baas is safe
and is back again!”

  Mad as a hatter, I slid to the ground,
caught the Hindu by his white kimono
and roughly shook hira. “What in hell
have you been playing at?” I raved.
“Three days, now, I’ve been standing a
chance of going to jail or getting hanged,
and you could have got me out of it in
two minutes! What’s the idea?”

  Seyyid’s dusky face became almost
beatific. He waved a bottle of whisky.
“I save the baas!” Ie cried. “I save
him!

  “Three nights and two days I kneel
in the reeds in the river-bed, baas, and
pray that the baas get off!”
 “THAT NEW COMPLETE NOVEL BY WORTS
 IN REDBOOK IS EVEN BETTER THAN HIS
 ‘PHANTOM PRESIDENT ’’

“...and David Garth’s complete novelette is one
of the most entertaining things he’s ever done99

Remember "The Phantom President,” that greatly debated motion picture of three
years ago, and the sensation it caused? Well, George Worts, the author of "The
Phantom President,” has written for May Redbook a complete hook-length novel of
50,000 words that even outdoes his previous success. The novel is called "Absolute
Quiet”—a title that belies its dramatic happenings and smashing climax. And that’s
not the only exciting feature in May Redbook. There is also a complete novelette
by David Garth, one of the most popular of the younger writers. It’s called "Cabin
Cruiser”—15,000 words of sheer entertainment. Then there are fascinating con-
tinued novels, short stories, articles. Don’t miss May Redbook—on sale April 3rd.

AND BOTH ARE IN ADDITION TO
THE REGULAR CONTENTS OF
THE

LINDBERGH LINE

/ Luckies are less acid ! ^

 Recent chemical tests show* that other
 populor brands have an excess of
 acidity over Lucky Strike of from
 L. 53% to 100% A