
       •=v

[Automobile$1051 [Automobile$gnl [Expert $40
S Engineer awS^I I Repairman aw” 11 Chauffeur

Gara<jr§|50
Owner ‘weei;1

Learn at Home

        You don’t have to go away to school to become an Automobile
        or Tractor Expert* Learn right at home—in your spare time—at
        less than one-tenth the cost.

 There are thousands of big jobs open to men who know something
 about automobiles and tractors. Ten times the number now engaged
 in the business are needed. You can fit yourselves to hold one of these
 fine jobs without leaving home you keep right on with your present
 work—keep on earning while you learn. Here’s your chance to
 land one of these regular man’s size jobs paying you from $40.00 to
 $150.00 a week.

Auto Books

6 Big Volumes Shipped Free.

    15 great experts wrote this fine home study course in Auto and Tractor Engineering
                            just for men like you. They teach you everything that the best auto schools teach.
                            You can’t learn more about autos and tractors than these books tell you. 6 big volumes packed full
                            of everything the expert knows. 2600 pages of advanced money-
                            making facts. Over 2000 pictures making everything as plain as
                            day. Fifty thousand men have used these books and have made
                            good. A hundred are making good everyday. You can make
                            good too.

 Here is What
 You Learn

 Automobile Motor s—
 Welding — Motor Con-
 struction — Repair —
 Carburetors and Set-
 tings — Valves — Cool-
 ing — Lubrication—Fly
 Wheels — Clutches —
 Transmission — Final
 .Drive—S teerin g—
 Frames — Tires — Vul-
 canizing — Ignition —
 Starting — Lighting —
 Shop Kinks — Garage
 Design and Equipment—
 Electrics — Storage Bat-
 teries — Care and Re-
 pair of Motorcycles —
 Auto Trucks — Gasoline
 Tractors and How to
 Repair Them.

No Money Down

  We will send a set of these great Auto and Tractor Books to you
  for a week's free trial. No money down. Just fill out the coupon
  below and mail it. The books will come at once by parcel post or
  express collect. They will be yours to use as you please for one
  whole week. If you don’t want to keep the books, notify us to send
  for them at our expense and you won’ t owe us a cent. You are the
  judge we leave it all up to you. If you do want to keep the books
  to fit yourself for a $40.00 to $150.00 a week job just send us $2.80
  within seven days and $2.00 each month until $21.80 has been paid.
  The regular price is $30.

 Mail Counon This coupon is not an order. It’sonlya
 mu wMpvu request for free trial. It gives you a
 chance to see what you get befof e you put up a cent. Send the cou-
 pon right now- it’s your start on the road to real money-making.

  FREE Examination Coupon

  | American Technical Society, Dept. AC-163, Chicago

  I Please send me the 6-volume set of Automobile Engineering for 7 days’examination,
  shipping charsres collect. If I decide tohuy.I will send$2.80within7daysandthebal- I

  Iance at $?a month until the$21.80 has beenpaid. Then you send me a receipt show-
  ing that the $?0 set of books and the $12 Consulting Membership are mine and fully I
  _ paid for. If I think I can get along without the books after 7 days’ trial, I will 1
  | notify you to send for them at your expense. (Please fill, out all lines.)

| Name..............................y............................|

| Address.........................................................j

| City..................................' ..... State................ g

! le“- _ « _ _ _ _• ■_ ■_ j
ADVERTISING SECTION.

ARGOSY In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.

Don’t Send a Penny

  / Just send the coupon stating size and width—that’s all.

  We want you to see these shoes at our risk. Examine
  them, try them on—and then decide as to
  whether or not you wish to keep them. Our
  special bargain price is only $4.69 per pair
  while they last. Season’s greatest bargain.

  We send them to you, not a cent in advance.

 for shoes on arrival. If
 on examination you do
 not find them the greatest
 shoe bargain return them
 and back goes your money.
 No obligation, no risk to you.
 But send at once to be sure of
 getting them. A sale like this
 soon sells the stock.

Order by No. At 5105

 so that you can compare them with any $7 or $8
 shoes. If you don’t think this the biggest shoe bar-
 gain you can get anywhere, send the shoes back
 at our expense. You won't be out a cent.

Only One Pair to a Customer
   At This Low Price

    We can’t foretelljfuture prices of material and
 labor. Times are too uncertain. Therefore all
 we can tell you NOW is that we can guar*
 antee you a pair of these elegant latest
 style shoes at this remarkably low price
 provided you send us your order at
 once. A.nd at this price of only
 y CO we can send only one
 pair to a customer.

Stylish and

Durable

   Made of genuine
 leather in gun metal,
 popular Manhattan
 toe last. Blucher
 style. Comfortable,
 substantial, long
 wearing, genuine
 oak leather soles
 — rein forced
 shank and cap.

 Military heel. Best
 expert workman-
 ship. Black only.

 Sizes 6 to 11.

Send Coupon

    Sign and mail this coupon. No money now.
 Wait until they come. We ship them at once. ■
 Keep them only if satisfactory in every way.

 Be sure to give size and width. Send now I
 while sale is on. Send no money.

  Leonard-Morton & Co.

  Leonard-Morton & Co.

 Dept. 4214	Chicago, Illinois

     Send the Men’s Dress shoes No. A15105. I
 will pay $4.69 for shoes on arrival, and ex-
 amine them carefully. If I am not satisfied, will
 send them back and you will refund my money.

Size........................... Width..

Oept. 4214

Name.............................................

Address...........................................

Town.................................... State..
THE ,/lR^OSY

Vol. C X IX	ISSUED WEEKLY NUMBER 2

 The entire contents of this magazine are protected by copyright, and must not be reprinted without the publishers* permission,

IX°Hf

CONTENTS FOR MARCH 27, 1920

IK

FOUR SERIAL STORIES

SEVEN MINUTES AFTER. In Three Parts. Part I...MARGUERITE CURTIS FELGAR 161

    CHAPTERSI-VI

THE GREAT DISCOVERY. In Five Parts. Part II............CHARLES V. BARNEY 209

    CHAPTERS X-XIX

THE TRAIL HORDE. In Seven Parts. Part III.........CHARLES ALDEN SELTZER 241

    CHAPTERS XII-XVIII

THE BIG BOSS IN BRONZE. In Five Parts. Part V................HOLMAN DAY 283

    CHAPTERS XIX XXII

TWO COMPLETE NOVELETTES

ALI’S REVENGE—AND ALLAH’S...........................................peter ward	191
THE HIGH FLIER..............................................................GORDON MacCREAGH	262

itt

THREE SHORT STORIES

STRONGER THAN IRON..........................................william merriam rouse	184
HE WHO HESITATES IS BOSSED......................................Samuel g. camp	232
THE RIGHT THING..................................................................ray cummings	276
THE LOG-BOOK.............................................................................the editor 302

You’ll go a long way and spend at least twice as much money to get any-
thing in fiction that will be half as good as

THE BUTT OF NEPTUNE’S JEST,” ...	by George Mariano

THE GRAVEYARD WATCH,” ....	by John D. Swain

“ JUST A LITTLE THING,”.....by Maxwell Smith

AND SOME FELL UPON GOOD GROUND,” - -	by Katharine Haviland Taylor

“ THE WHISKERING CHIN,” ....	by Raymond J. Brown

They are all in our April 3 issue

                              NEXT WEEK

THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY, 280 Broadway, New York, and Temple House, Temple Avenue, E. C., London

            Frank A. Munsey. President	Richard H. Titherington, Secretary	Christopher H. Pope, Treasurer

 Single copies, 10 cents. By the year, $4.00 in United States, its dependencies, Mexico and Cuba ; $6.00 to Canada, and $7.00 to Foreign
 Countries, Remittances should be made by check, express money order or postal money order. Currency should not be sent unless registered

PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY. COPYRIGHT, 1920.

 Entered as second-class matter September 28,1917, at the Post-Office at New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879.

DOG

COPYRIGHTED IN GREAT BRITAIN
ADVERTISING SECTION.

HANDY VOLUME ISSUE

   This is a crucial age, a time of great changes, a live, awakened, alert age, an age of great initia-
tive, of great progress, an age of interests that are world wide. Momentous social, political, indus-
trial and economic changes are affecting the welfare of this nation and every country in the world.
Every man, woman and child has taken up his or her peace time pursuits with a new wholesomeness and a new vigor.
Americans today are not only interested in the government and affairs of their own city, state and country, but have
become deeply concerned in the people and in the political and> social conditions of many nations throughout the world.

   Where can people find correct, authoritative and comprehensive information on the many subjects in which they are
interested as a consequence of this awakening? They naturally turn to the wonderful storehouse of knowledge—the world s
greatest guide to correct and authoritative information—the Encyclopaedia Britannica. The Britannica provides a founda-
tion for study of subjects which will be uppermost in our minds for years to come. It is a book for Americans today who

are waking up to new thoughts, new work and new interests.'	, ,	., . « .....

   The Britannica s splendid industrial and business arti-
cles written by great experts give you a thorough insight into
our present domestic and international problems which we
as citizens of a democracy must help solve for the common
good. This wonderful book, the Encyclopaedia Britannica, lit-
erally spreads out before the reader the knowledge of the whole
world. An hour a day with the Britannica will give you as clear
and comprehensive an idea of the rest of the world as we
Americans now have of the States of the Union.

The Woman of Today Needs the Britannica.

   Woman’s position, politically, industrially and econom-
ically, has radically changed the past few years. Woman
has become a power in politics, for her vote is respected
and valued. The sensible woman of today is studying the cost
of foods, food markets and food values. The Britannica is
invaluable to women with its splendid articles on politics, on
industries, on foods and on everything pertaining to the home.
The Britannica probably reaches its supreme service in its
use for children, as it supplements their _ school studies,
answers the many questions which every bright and normal
boy and girl ask, and this great book is a wise and authoritative
teacher.

A Marvelous Library of Knowledge.

   This great work with its 41,000 separate articles is marvelous-
ly complete. It discusses in a way that you can understand
science, industry, literature, art, religion, engineering, chemistry,
history, wars and peace, architecture, geology, geography, law
and physics. You and your family will find the Britannica a
liberal education. In answer to the hundred and one questions
which every day come to your mind—to your wife’s and chil-
dren’s minds—questions which arise at your club or in your
business—it will tell you more about everything than you
can get from any other source.

What About Our Post-War Problems?

  There are many highly important problems confront-
ing us. Why are the prices of commodities high? Will
wages go still higher or will they gradually fall? Each
war has had its great reconstruction period, with conditions
peculiarly parallelling our present times. Are you interested in
the great Russian riddle? What will be France’s future?
Germany’s future? Will Great Britain regain her trade
dominance or will the United States obtain such commercial
world supremacy?

BUT YOU MUST ACT QUICKLY

                    As First Payment brings you this Complete Set of
                    29 Volumes Containing 44,000,000 Words, 30,000 Pages,
                    15,000 Maps and Illustrations. The balance is in
                    Small Monthly Payments.

  Our present small stock of sets is printed on the genu-
ine India paper—the light, thin but opaque sheet which
has proved an ideal medium on which to print the
Encyclopaedia Britannica. Act today—NOW—by clip-
ping the coupon and sending for the beautifully illus-
trated book telling all about the Britannica.

  Sign and Send This Coupon Today.

Sears, Roebuck and Co., Chicago, 111.

   Gentlemen: Please send me, free, your illustrated Book
No. 36-D, giving full information about the new Encyclo-
paedia Britannica. Also tell me what I will have to pay for
one of the remaining sets of the Handy Volume issue of the
Britannica printed on genuine India paper.

Sears, Roebuck and Co.

Chicago, 111.

Name.........................

Postoffice......................

 R. F. D.	Box

No............No........ .State.

  Street

and No........................

IN THIS GREAT AGE

YOU NEED THE

ENCYCLOPAEDIA BRITANNICA

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

How Would 36u Like to Earn
     *300Next Week?

         Col. S. W. Wilke did it in one day, and in 4 years
         jumped to almost $100,000 a year. S. E. Gibson
         jumped his earnings from $150 to $800 a month. O. B.

          Sheppard says it was worth more than $15,000 to him.

         Let me send you my secret of earning more money,
         to try 5 days Free. All you risk is a 2-cent stamp. "*

                By A. L. PELTON

 MY name is Pelton—Albert L. Pelton. Four
 years ago I was as poor as a church mouse.
 I was out of a job, $300 in debt, and my
 wife and two children were living on starvation ra-
 tions. Yes, I’ve know the bitterest kind of want.

 Today I have money and all that money will buy.
 I have my own home. I have no worries about high
 prices of food or clothing or rent.

 Even if I never make another nickel, I don’t think
 I will ever have to worry about money matters.

 During the past three years I have been making on
 an average of over a thousand dollars a week.

 That’s quite a change from the time I was “ on my
 uppers,” isn’t it?

 Now let me tell you how I did it.

 You will probably think I’m funny when I tell you
 that for twelve years I held in my hand the secret
 that at last won me riches.

 But it’s true.

 For twelve years I struggled—with gold right in
 my hand.

 It was this way.

 I used to sell books—from door to door—eking out
 a poor man's living.

 One of the books I sold was written by Dr. Frank
 Channing Haddock.

 I never thought much about the book—although I
 sold a few from week to week.

 For twelve years I never even took the trouble to
 read it.

 It was called “ Power of Will.”

 I didn’t know anything about will-power.

 What’s more, I didn’t care.

 I thought it might be a good book for fellows who
 had to read it.

 But I was too busy earning a living to bother about
 will-power.

 Probably I thought then, as tens of thousands think

 to-day, who've heard and read about this great book

 that “ will-power ” was some myth, or impractical
 thing for dreamers.

 You see—I hadn’t analyzed the lives of the world's
 greatest men then, and discovered that will-power is
 the mightiest force men have ever known.

 I was fooling myself—cheating myself fearfully, as
 I found out later.

 One day I ran across a man who had purchased the
 book from me a few months back.

 He stopped me on the street and said, “ Hello, Pel-
 ton ! Say, I d like to have another copy of that Had-
 dock book. Can you send it up right away?”

 I told him I would. Then I asked him casually if
 he liked it.

 What he told me made me go home and read the
 book myself—for the first time since I began to sell it
 twelve years before.

 That same evening I borrowed $300.

 The next day I was in New York.

 I secured the exclusive selling rights to the book.

 Then 1 spent $150 for a page “ ad ” in the Review
 of Reviews magazine.

 It brought me about $2,000 in cash.

 As fast as the money came in I shot it back into
 advertising.

 When I got $2,500 in cash I bought a half-page
 “ ad ” in the Saturday Evening Post.

 The first year I spent $50,000 in advertising.

 The next year I spent nearly a hundred thousand.

 I guess I've spent over half a million dollars since
 my first $150 “ ad,” and already 450,000 men and
 women—including great executives, international dip-
 lomats, famous authors, etc., also have taken up this
 study.

 At first some people said I was crazy to advertise
 that book.

 When they found that the book was selling—and

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

 that I was spending as high as $20,000 a month tell-
 ing people about it, they said I had more nerve than
 sense.

  But, my friend, all this time I was simply taking
my own medicine.

  I was telling people that the will was the motive
power of the brain—that a strong will could batter
down every obstacle to success—that weak will-power
could be made strong, as easily as the muscles of the
arm could be made strong—and that most people had
weak wills simply because they didn't use their will-
power.

  I had strengthened my own will and was using it
when people were calling me “ crazy." And it was
my will-power that people called “ nerve.”

  Anyway, it was the secret of my success. Without
it I might still be plodding—still canvassing.

  Or even if I had gotten up enough courage to ad-
vertise. I might have made only a piker’s success.

  It was my will-power that got me the $300 loan.

  It was my will-power that got me exclusive sale of
Dr. Haddock's book.

  It was my will-power that made me plunge into
advertising instead of going slowly.

  And finally it was my will-power that made me
say to the public—“ Send No Money—read ‘ Power of
Will ’ five days free. Pay me if you decide to keep
it. Send it back if you don't want it.”

  That was a new sort of proposition to most people.
They had nothing to lose—and a lot to gain, if the
book was worth while.

  So the orders came in by the hundreds and then by
the thousands.

  At times I was 15,000 orders behind—just couldn’t
print books fast enough.

  And letters from readers came pouring in, so fast I
simply couldn’t read them all. Col. S. W. Wilke, of
Roscoe, S. D., wrote that one day’s study of “ Power
of Will ” netted him $300 cash, and that four years
later, by using the methods Haddock formulated, his
earnings had risen to nearly $100,000 a year. V. P.
Coffin, of Rochester, N. Y., wrote, about one month
after getting the book, “ ‘ Power of Will ’ already has
produced an increase of $5,000 a year in my income.”
J. E. Gibson, of San Diego, Cal., said that since read-
ing “ Power of Will ” his salary jumped from $150 to
$800 a month.

  Men like Judge Ben Lindsey, Supreme Court Jus-
tice Parker, Assistant Postmaster-General Britt, Gov-
ernor McKelvie of Nebraska, Senator Capper of Kan-
sas, Secretary of Agriculture Meredith, Governor Fer-
ris of Michigan—and a host of other big men show

the class of leaders who have studied Haddock’s
methods.

  Surely there must be something in “ Power of Will ”
for you, my reader.

  It helped me. It has helped half a million others.
I could send you a circular filled with hundreds of
letters from readers. But better still, see the book,
and read it five days free.

  All you lose, if you don't think “ Power of Will ”
will increase your earnings, is a two-cent stamp.

  It may make $300 for you next week—it might
carry you upwards to $50,000 or $100,000 in a few
years—I don’t know. I do know it has made a lot
of money for its readers.

  I do know, too, that if you pass this offer by—if
you are a scoffer and a doubter—I will lose only the
small profit on the sale of a book; but you—you may
lose the difference between peanut money and real
money.

  It costs only a two-cent stamp to mail the coupon.

  Don’t wait twelve years—as I did. You may have
gold within your reach and not know it. Send for
“Power of Will” now. You’ve seen my ads before
—now answer this one and see if this masterful vol-
ume doesn’t contain the one little push you may need
to make your life rosy-red. Begin training your will
by sending in the coupon this very second.

A. L. Pelton.

PELTON PUBLISHING COMPANY

         54-F Wilcox Block, Meriden, Conn.

   You may send me “Power of Will” at your risk. I agree to remit $3.50 or remail the book to you in
five days.

Name.........................................................-........-..........................................................................................................................

Address.........................................................................................................................................................................................

City............................................................................................................-..................................................................................

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING DEPARTMENT

AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED                                                                AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED                     
BIGGEST MONEY-MAKER IN AMERICA. I want 100 men                      500 AGENTS WANTED AT ONCE for Mitchell’s Maoic                   
and women quick to take orders for raincoats, raincapes and         Marvel Washing Compound. 300% profit; enormous repeater.         
waterproof aprons. Thousands of orders waiting for you.             Washes clothes spotlessly clean in ten to fifteen minutes. One   
$2.00 an hour for spare time. McDonough made $813.00 hi             thousand other uses in every home. Astounds and delights         
one month, Nissen $19.00 in three hours; Purviance $207.00          every woman. Nothing else like it. Nature's mightiest clean¬     
in seven days. $5,000 a year profit for eight average orders a      ser. Contains no lye, lime, acid or wax. Free samples furnished  
day. No delivering or collecting. Beautiful coat free.              to boost sales. We positively guarantee the sale of every pack¬  
><o experience or capital required. Write quick for information.    age. Exclusive territory. Own your own business. You cannot      
Comer Mfg. Co., Dept. Y123, Dayton, Ohio.                           fail to make big money. Barber, Ohio, made $600 last month.      
YOUNG MAN, WOULD YOU ACCEPT A TAILOR-MADE                           
SUIT just for showing it to your friends? Then write Banner         
              $65.00 A WEEK AND YOUR SUIT FREE---                
If you take advantage of our startling offer. Write              
us at once, and we will send you a full line of                  
samples and everything necessary to start at once,               
MIRACLE MOTOR-GAS amazes motorists. 3c worth equals                 
gallon gasoline. Eliminates carbon. 300% profit. Isom, Idaho,       
wires: “Ship 500 packages. Made $70 yesterday." Investigate.        
Chas. H. Butler Co., Dept. 197, Toledo, Ohio.                       
AGENTS AND CREW MANAGERS. NEW FAST SELLING                                  1MW.E /AYc.fi|°0c monthly salary and furnish rig         
food specialty. Livest article. Packed your label. Write            AND EXPENSES to introduce guaranteed Poultry and Stock           
or wire. Federal Pure Food Co., 2305V Archer Avenue, Chicago.       Powders. Bigler Company, X506, Springfield, Illinois.            
AGENTS---YOUR OWN CLOTHES FREE and $60.00 a week,                   SCIENCE CREATES NEW AUTO vToNDER. Solves puzzling                
otart in your spare time. Tailoring business simply great this      problem; no more rain or snow-blurred windshields. Mystic        
year, u rite American Woolen Mills Company, Dept, 1433,             Cloth works like magic; deposits invisible chemical film; one    
Chicago, for cloth samples of 60 big sensational sellers.           iub keeps glass clear 24 hours. One agent sold 5,000.            
                                                                    Security Mfg. Co., Dept. 193, Toledo, Ohio.                      
Mexican Diamonds Flash Like Genuine, fool experts, stand tests,           AGENTS---Make-Em-White Washing and Cleaning Tablets,       
yet sell for l-50th the price. Few live Agents wanted to sell from  regular gold mine for spring; profits enormous. Free sample:     
handsome sample case. Big profits, pleasant work. Write today.      exclusive territory. B. Thayer, 2145R Clyboum Ave., Chicago.     
Mexican Diamond Imptg. Co., Box SS, Las Cruces, N. Mexico.                                                                           
*i*nn i SPARE TIME. Position worth $750 to                          AGENTS---MAKE $50 WEEKLY TAKING ORDERS for fast                  
$lo00 yearly. We train the inexperienced. Novelty Cutlery Co.,      selling Goodyear raincoats; hundreds of orders waiting. $2       
77 Bar Street, Canton, Ohio.                                        an hour for spare time; we deliver and collect; sample coat      
DAVIS’ LUCKY ’LEVEN SELLING BETTER THAN                             
EVER. $3.35 value sells for $1.25. Mrs. Lewis sold 280 in 7%        
                   , E « ir1N ^ SALESMEN---WE HAVE AN ATTRACTIVE 
                  LINE OF PREMIUM ASSORTMENTS for live salesmen. 
          Commission from $5.00 to $20.00 per order. If you want 
            up-to-date line, write today. Canfield Mfg. Company, 
                             4003 Broadway Street, Chicago, 111. 
SEND 2c POSTAGE for free sample with particulars. No             
splashing water strainers. Easy seller. Returns big. Experience  
unnecessary. Seed Filter Co., N 73 Franklin St., New York.       
                                                                 
WANTED---REPRESENTATIVE to wholesale lowest priced               
guaranteed automobile tires and tubes on market. Big             
seller. Other lines added later. Write for local territory.      
Jordan Tire-Rubber Co., Dept. A, Mailers Bldg., Chicago.         
SALESMEN---Side or main line, to sell low-priced 5,000-mile                                   HELP WANTED                            
guaranteed tires; 30x3% non-skid sells for $11.95; other sizes in                                                                    
proportion. Good money-making proposition for live wires. Write                                                                      
Consolidated Tire Co., 618 S. Michigan Ave., Chicago 111                                                                             
Insyde Tyres---Inner Armor For Auto Tires. Doubles mileage          $110.00 A MONTH TO START and expenses. Travel if de¬             
prevents 90% of all punctures and blowouts. Thousands in use.       sired. Unlimited advancement. No age limit. Three months         
Tremendous demand. Big sales. Liberal profits. Details free.        home study. Situation arranged. Prepare for permanent position.  
American Automobile Accessories Co., Dept. 165, Cincinnati 0        Write for booklet CM 30. Standard Business Training Institute.   
SELL What Millions Want. New, wonderful Liberty Portraits.          
                                          E NEWS ITEMS AND SHORT 
STORIES for pay in spare time. Copyright book and plans free.    
Press Reportmg Syndicate, 433, St. Louis, Mo.                    
                                                                 
                                                                 
AGENTS: $100 weekly possible introducing new whiter auto¬                       MEN TO MAKE Secret Investigations and Reports. Write 
mobile fuel. Specially adapted to cold weather. Starts easy.          J. Ganor, Former Government Detective, 113 Danville, Illinois. 
Adds power, mileage and reduces operating expense. Endorsed                                                                          
by thousands. Territory going like wildfire. Act quick. $28                                                                          
AGENTS---OUR SOAP AND TOILET ARTICLE PLAN                           DETECTIVES EARN BIG MONEY. Excellent opportunities               
■S A WONDER. Get our Free Sample Case Offer. Ho-Bo-Co,              tor travel. Great demand everywhere. Fascinating work. Ex¬       
137 Locust, St. Louis, Mo.                                          perience unnecessary. We train you. Particulars free. Write,     
                                                                    American Detective System, 1968 Broadway, New York.              
SALESMEN City or traveling. Experience unnecessary,                                      AUTHORS---MANUSCRIPTS                       
FREE TO WRITERS---a wonderful little book of money¬              
making hints, suggestions, ideas; the A B C of successful        
Story and Movie-Play writing. Absolutely free. Send for your     
copy now! Just address Authors' Press, Dept. 19, Auburn, N. Y.   
     ..ST°R,Ef- POEMS, PLAYS, ETC., are wanted for publica-      
                     LSr^Xe^l^an^arSS- “ ^                       
                                                                 
                                                                 
                        PATENT ATTORNEYS                         
                                                                 
                                                                 
AGENTS: A BRAND NEW HOSIERY PROPOSITION for                         PATENTS. BOOKLET FREE. HIGHEST REFERENCES.                       
men, women and children Must wear 12 months or replaced             BEST RESULTS. Promptness assured. Send drawing or                
free. All styles, colors and fancy stripes. You can sell at less    model for examination and opinion as to patentability.           
than store prices. Every home a prospect. Write for samples.        Watson E. Coleman, 624 F Street, Washington, D. C.               
Thomas Hosiery Co., 3307 North St., Dayton Ohio                                                                                      
Hustlers Make Big Money selling Spring Maid Fibre House Broom       PATENTS. If you have an invention write for our Guide            
t> ^ different. Outlasts 5 corn brooms. New exclusive               Book. “How To Get A Patent.” Send model or sketch and            
Patented features makes every woman want one. Write today.          description, and we will give our opinion as to its patentable   
Sterling Products Co., 36 S. Desplaines, Chicago.                   nature. Randolph & Co., 630 F. Washington, D. C.                 
WOMEN AND MEN EARN LARGE DAILY PROFITS                              PATENTS---Write for free Illustrated Guide Book and              
selling our patented Stick-On Window Lock. Sells at sight.          evidence of conception blank. Send model or sketch and           
147 and                                                             description for our opinion of its patentable nature. Free.      
                      REAL ESTATE---MICHIGAN                        
                                                                    
INVENTIONS WANTED. CASH OR ROYALTY for ideas.                    
¥-ake money farminS in Michigan.                                    
          PATENTS PROCURED---TRADE MARKS REGISTERED---           
 A comprehensive, experienced, prompt service for the protection 
    v. development of your ideas. Preliminary advice gladly fur¬ 
      nished without charge. Booklet of information and form for 
disclosing idea free on request. Richard B. Owen, 68 Owen Bldg.. 
        Washington, D. C., or 2278-J Wool worth Bldg., New York. 
                                                                 
In answering any advertisement on this fane it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

Factory

 PRICE DIRECT TO YOU
 THIS $12 OFFICER SHOE

 Hand sewed. First	O

 Grade. The fac-	JSi-T N9

 tory price — direct	VM
 to you at only V/

  The retail price of this shoe is $12.00.
  It is made of the best waterproof ma-
  hogany calf leather. Guaranteed to give
  the best wear. If these shoes are not
  just as we say, send them back. You
  don’t lose a cent.

  If you are sending money order or check,
  do not include postage. Pay only $6.89 for
  shoes. We pay postage. State size.

 These shoes are built to be good for work
 and dress at the same time.

U. S. NATIONAL
ARMY SHOE CO.

 Dept. L-55, Westfield, Mass.

          DIG MONEY in Pure-Bred Rabbits
 for Meat. Furs and Breeders. We
 furnish profitable market. Valuable information,
 beautiful illustrated catalog and full particulars
 10c. America’s Greatest Exhibitors, Importers
 and Breeders.

MEEK, COURT & CO.

V-6121 W. Madison St.

 CHICAGO, III.

*25 «

mmthis

MADE TO YOUR MEASURE

AIL WOOL SUIT

  Every suit made to individual measure from the exact
  fabric you select and according to your exact specifi-
  cations. We ship it on approval, delivery charges pre-
  paid, for you to try on, to inspect and examine.

  Unless you are well pleased your trial
  order will not cost you a cent.

                 Send postal toda
  Igffe 9	copy of our big

                 catalog and style 1

caxuoc "s.”..-

FREE

  the very fin-
  est, high grade
  fabrics and the
  latest NewYork
  and Chicago styles. It shows how
  any member of your family can take
  your measures. We guarantee a perfect

            fit. By dealing direct with us, the
            manufacturers, you save the unneces-
            sary expense and profit of agents and
            obtain the very highest grade tailor-
            ing at a saving of 25% to 40%. Write
            today for catalog and information.

THE BELL TAILORS

 •DAMS at GREEN STREET, Dept. 804,

 TENOR BANJOH'kul8le’ H?waiian Guitar’ vio,in*

 I Mandolin, Guitar, Cornet or Banja

  Wonderful new system of teaching note music by mail. To first
  pupils m each locality, we give a $20 superb Violin, Mandolin,
  Ukulele, Guitar, Hawaiian Guitar, Cornet, Tenor Banjo or Banjo abso-
  lutely free. Very small charge for lessons only. We guarantee suc-
  cess or no charge. Complete outfit free. Write now. No obligation.

  SLINGERLAND SCHOOL OF MUSIC, Inc. Dept. 159, CHICAGO, ILL.

    The opportunity is here for expert accountants.
 Haphazard business methods must give way to effi-
 ciency. That means a greater demand than ever
 before for the man trained in modern accounting.

The Man Wanted

     Great organizations everywhere want the expert business
  analyst. They need the man who can show them where they
  stand—who can map the whole situation in figures—who can
  suggest ways to eliminate waste of time and money and tell
  why and how to authorize expenditures in certain directions
  —who can tell what the real income of the business is and
  how to put economical policies into operation. The man who
  can do all this and who can put efficient organization into
  the office or factory is the man wanted now. He is the man
  for whom important, executive positions are open.

Get Instruction from the
LaSalle Experts

  The LaSalle method will train you by mail under the direct
  supervision of William B. Castenholz, A. M., C. P. A.,
  former Comptroller and Instructor, University of Illinois,
  assisted by a staff of Certified Public Accountants including
  members of the American Institute of Accountants. Anal-
  ysis and Organization, and the Principles of Accounting,
  Auditing, Commercial Law and Scientific Management all
  made clear; and you will be given special preparation for
  the C. P. A. examination.

Train by Mail

  Hold your present position while preparing for a higher
  one. Only your spare time is needed. Thousands of men
  have won quick advancement and increased salaries this
  way. Begin your preparation now. Enrollment also gives
  you free use of our Consulting Service which brings advica
  on any business problem whenever you want it.

  The cost of LaSalle training is small
  and you can pay on our easy terms-
  little every month if you desire.

 ly,,!! Mail the coupon and we
 ¥V me will send you full partic-
 -- 1 - ulars—also our valuable
 book “Ten Years’ Promotion in One’
 and our book “Proof” containing
 evidence from men who have ad-
 vanced to high positions thru this
 course of expert training.

 LaSALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY

  *'The Largest Business Training Institution in the World "
  Dept. 332-HC	Chicago, Illinois

  Without cost or obligation on my part, please send me
  particulars regarding your Extension Course of Training
  in Higher Accounting and your Consulting Service. Also
  your books, “Ten Years’Promotion in One” and “Proof.”

 Present Position
 Address..........

 Name

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.

  tffawnawick

          CEEEEI3232IE

The Ultona

The Tone Amplifier

 Two Great Advancements in
 Phonographic Art

  The nation-wide success of Brunswick
Phonographs is due largely to the Ultona
and the Brunswick Tone Amplifier—two
features of the Brunswick Method of
Reproduction.

  These came out at a time when better-
ments seemed impossible. The Ultona
distinguished The Brunswick as an all-
record phonograph—an idea now practi-
cally universal.

  But no one can duplicate the Ultona,
for it is a Brunswick patent. At the turn
of a hand it presents to each make of
record the proper diaphragm, the proper
needle. It brings out tones hitherto lost.
Each record is heard at its best.

  The Brunswick Tone Amplifier brought
better tone. It is made entirely of wood.
We abandoned the old-time idea of a
metal throat. Thus, by adopting the violin
principle, tone waves are given proper
acoustic staging.

  Brunswick tone brings fullness, richness,
clarity. We avoid harsh and strident
notes.

  There is only one way to fully appre-
ciate The Brunswick. That is to hear
it and then hear others. Your own ear
will immediately appreciate Brunswick
superiority. This is the unfailing test
which has put thousands and thousands
of Brunswicks in homes the nation over.

THE BRUNSYVICK-BALKE-COLLENDER COMPANY
General. Offices: 623-633 South Wabash Ave., Chicago
Branch Houses in Principal Cities of United States, Mexico and Canada
Canadian Distributors: Musical Merchandise Sales Co., 819 Yonge Street, Toronto

Now a Triumph in Records

  The time has come after years of preparation when Bruns-
wick Records are now on sale. Again we create new standards.
We offer interpretations by noted directors. Thus we unite
the talent of the artist with the genius of the composer.
It brings the final link in authoritative renditions. Again,
let us suggest that your own ear decide upon the merit of
Brunswick Records.
THE yiRCSOSY

Vol. CXiX

SATURDAY, MARCH 27, 1920

No. 2

invite

even V
p j\fter

hy Marguerite Curtis Fel^tar

5

CHAPTER I.

. THE JAILBIRD.

LEANING forward against the steering-
wheel of his wicked-looking roadster,
Tony Fane heard the mysterious let-
ter from the Scarlet Rider crackle in his
pocket, an unneeded reminder of his pres-
ence on Fifth Avenue at this time in the
morning. By straining his eyes he could
just see that the hands of the big clock
outside the Golden Trust Company pointed
to six minutes after eleven.

  But it did not need any straining at all
to see that there was a man standing be-
neath the clock, straight as a sentinel, silent
as the sphinx. If only his patience would
hold out for a minute longer, Tony thought,
to give him time to get there!

  He glanced with unconcealed irritation
at the traffic-cop so needlessly keeping him
on the curb, and suddenly, seeing a path
made in the line of vehicles by a machine
that turned at the corner, he decided to
dash for it.

  There was a shout, yells from the by-
standers, and Tony knew that the chase

had begun. But he didn't care. He could
see the man beneath the clock moving
away, and there were still four blocks to
go. If the Scarlet Rider was lost in the
crowd there might never be another chance
to find him, and not for all the fines in
the world would Tony miss him. With a
sudden spurt he passed the clock which
had been the place of rendezvous, and drew
up with a flourish just behind the slim
figure of the man who had sauntered off at
seven minutes after the hour.

  “ Say,” he called in a friendly voice,
“ wait a minute, won’t you? I’m late, but
just as soon as I’ve.finished with the cop—”
He turned with a grin toward the kate
officer of the law.

  Few could look into Tony Fane’s eyes
when he was laughing, and not, laugh, too.
But the policeman had his dignity to main-
tain in the face of the curious crowd, and
he stiffened rigidly. Tony’s hand went
toward his pocket; he brought out a visit-
ing-card. Reading it, the policeman unbent
a trifle. He waved the crowd away. It
was in a comparatively clear region that
Tony made his explanation.

1 Akoosy

161
162

THE ARGOSY.

  “ I’m really awfully sorry, officer,” he
said, “ but the matter was urgent, you
know; practically life or death; might be,
anyway. I had an appointment to meet a
man outside the Golden Trust Company
at eleven. Got held up by the traffic every
place, never had such a time in my life,
’pon my honor; then just as I came in sight
of the place and found he was still there,
though it was six minutes after the time—•
well, I got desperate, and made a dash
for it. Of course, anything I can do ”—
he made a disarming gesture toward his
pocket.

  “ Well your explanation is certainly
all right, sir. No, I couldn’t think of it ”—-
waving away the hand that now swooped
toward him from the pocket with a free
and generous gesture—“ it was my duty,
and, of course, order must be maintained.
But if you ever want anything from Clegg
—that’s my name—you call on me, Mr.
Fane. I hope you didn’t lose your friend.”

  “ I may take you at your word, you
know.” Tony laughed, taking out his
pocketbook and making a note in it with a
small ivory pencil. “ Awfully dangerous
thing to promise me help, I’m so often
in hot water. Where are you stationed,
Clegg; what about my coming to see you
when you aren’t fenced in by duty?”

  The rubicund countenance of the officer
took on a deeper hue. He chuckled: “ Well
now, Mr. Fane, if you feel that way, sir,
here’s my address, and I’m sure I’m much
obliged. I think your friend’s waiting,
too.”

  Not staying for more, he hurried back
to his post, but if he had waited he might
have been curious. For Tony, turning to
confront a total stranger, cried out in
amazement, grasping with a mighty grip the
hand outstretched to him.

  “ Hello, David, where on earth did you
spring from?”.

  For the moment he forgot everything ex-
cept his pleasure in the unexpected sight
of his old friend. Then, as David answered
his question, he looked beyond him, anxi-
ously. “ Say, you didn’t frighten that fel-
low off, did you? Awfully shy bird, I guess;
he was waiting for me, under the Golden
Trust clock. I chased him on up here—”

  No one appeared in the surrounding
group of passers-by in the least like the
slender figure Tony remembered following
up the avenue for four blocks. He turned
back to David with a little frown between
his brows. Then, suddenly, as he looked,
an expression of amazement spread over
his features. His eyes, deep-blue eyes that
were changeful as the sea, gazed into
David’s gray ones. He took his hand again
and wrung it, silently.

  “ Old man,” he said quietly, all the usual
exuberance gone from voice and manner,
“ I didn’t recognize you at first.”

  “I knew your voice, Tony, the minute
you called out. It’s mighty fine to hear
it again, after—”

  Whatever he had been going to say, Tony
interrupted. “ Five years,” he said. He
turned to the car and opened the door.
“ Guess you won’t mind riding with me,”
he said, “ though I did nearly get arrested
just now. Fine thing for me Clegg hap-
pened to be a good sort. Last time I was
in the Speeder’s Court the judge said next
time he wouldn’t fine me, he’d send me to
jail. They call this car ! the blue devil,’
one of the policemen told me. She’s a
pretty good goer, at that.”

  David settled back in the seat next the
driver, laughing. It seemed to be sufficient
answer, and Tony flashed a swift glance
at him. They had come now to a busy
section of the avenue, and speech was su-
perfluous. Also, the minds of both men
were busy. What, exactly, was the situa-
tion?

  Red glowed in Tony’s face for an in-
stant. He cursed himself silently for a
blundering fool. Why, overcome suddenly
by the realization that David Cortland, his
old college chum, was an ex-convict, brought
to desperate straights, too, since leaving
prison, could he have hit on no pleasanter
subject for conversation than his own prom-
ised term in jail?

  His mind was in a whirl. He had gone
to meet a stranger, a man who had ap-
pealed to him and to others, according to
his letter, and thus to meet—David, it was
enough to make any one bewildered. Be-
sides—then he left off wondering. An old
SEVEN MINUTES AFTER.

163

axiom of his father’s occurred to him:'
“ When in doubt ’’—old Abraham Fane had
often thundered—■“ don’t.”

  It was a pretty good hint to work on.
Tony was in doubt what to say, how to
ask anything. He’d let David do the talk-
ing, and if David didn’t know how to talk
or wished to be silent, that was enough for
Tony Fane. He wasn’t supposed to be
brainy, or anything like that, but, by jingo,
he could be loyal to his friends, and a friend
down and out—his jaw set grimly. He’d
show them! By “ them ” he meant the
world that had treated David badly.

  Taking a sudden turn to the right after
they left Washington Square, Tony drove
rapidly through a side street. To David it
looked unutterably dreary and drab. Bits
of paper were lying about, unwashed chil-
dren ran shrieking across the street, play-
ing tag, apparently, with the low blue car
driven with such reckless ease.- And as if
he read his thought, Tony turned to him
with a grin.

  “ It’s fashionable to have a studio or
something in this region,” he said; “two
years ago I was bitten by the Greenwich
Village bug, and came down here. Then
I got used to it, and never moved out.
Foo Chah lives here all the time; I only
come now and again. But it has its merits
as a place to chum in. At the club you are
everlastingly interrupted. Since dear old
dad died I haven’t opened the house much.
The old place doesn’t seem like home with-
out him.”

  “ I wrote to you—when I heard,” said
David, “ but it was months after, in an old
paper, before the news came to me. We
didn’t get much at first.”

  “ I guess not,” said Tony. “ Well, here
we are.”

  He drew the car up before a high brick
house with square windows picked out in
vivid green, and whistled. The door opened
almost at once, and Foo Chah, his emaci-
ated Chinese body clad in the decorous
black silk garment of the Oriental house-
man, ambled swiftly down the irregular
pathway to the sidewalk.

  “ Foo Chah, you remember Mr. David?”
said Fane. “ He’s back again, you see.
Now, hurry to the garage with the car and

then get us breakfast; I’m ravenous; I
could eat you almost!”

  Foo Chah grinned. “ Bleakfast all
leady,” he said; and, climbing into the blue
devil, he headed away down the street.
Looking after him, the two friends laughed.
There was something anomalous in the
sight of the Oriental seated at the wheel
of that up-to-the-minute racing car, tooling
her with the surety of a professional chauf-
feur.	•

  “ See my tree?” said Tony, as they stood
on the door-step while he searched for his
latch-key. “ They charge me fifty dollars
a month extra for that, unofficially, of
course.”

  He nodded at the struggling, smoking
maple that grew in the pocket-handkerchief
of green before the house, and threw open
the door. David stepped into a high, nar-
row hallway, from which, shut off by solid
oak doors, the living rooms opened. They
walked into the studio.

  David stopped on the threshold, and
laughed.

  “ Whew! ” said he, drawing a long breath.
“ You certainly got ’em bad.”

  “ Everything,” said Tony delightedly,
“ futuristic stuff, cabalistic, erotic, all the
fads. Sure, I got ’em; what else makes
them think me an artist, I’d like to know?
You’ve got to bluff the commercial public.”
He drew forward an easy chair uphol-
stered in vivid orange velvet, and patted
the back invitingly. “ Horrible to look at,
I know, but deuced comfortable to sit in,
Try it.”

  David sank back with a sigh of relief.
For an instant he closed his eyes. Then
he opened them again—those wide, gray
eyes that somehow reminded Tony of Rob-
inetta, David’s little sister—and sat up.
“ There’s one thing I want to ask you,
Tony, old man—”

  “You can’t—until after breakfast,” Tony
said positively. “ I’m a bear until I’ve
eaten. Foo Chah will ,tell you. If it hadn’t
been for my friendship for you—old-time
stuff, and all that kind of thing, don’t you
know—I never should have got out so early
this morning.”

  David interpolated ironically. “ But I
thought you were surprised to see me.”
164

THE ARGOSY.

  “ I was, but that’s another of the things
we’ll talk about after breakfast, Dave; I
heard Foo Chah come back, I think. Ex-
cuse me for a minute.”

  Left alone, David considered the situa-
tion. His appearance of extreme youth was
not borne out when one looked closer.
There were fine lines beneath the eyes,
marks of pain at the corners of the nostrils
and the temples. It was still the face of a
young man, because David Cortland had
something of the old, indomitable fighting
spirit that never ages, but it was not es-
sentially a young man’s face. Still, the
lines of humor were strongly marked, and
as David considered the situation he re-
laxed, until even his eyes were smiling.

  “ Must have been something of a knock-
out for Tony,” he said to himself, “ but he
certainly is a sportsman. What a time
Robin ’11 have over it when I tell her.
Whew! If I had left that stand under the
clock just one minute sooner, none of this
would have happened, and I should have
felt sore and as if nobody cared, for long
enough. Poor old Tony, expecting to find
a stranger, a down-and-out, desperate vil-
lain! I never shall forget how he looked
when he understood I was the man. If
there is any way on earth for me to make
it up to him—”

  His soliloquy was interrupted by the
breezy entrance of his host.

  “Lord, David!” he said. “Foo Chah
must have known you were coming; he
has mushrooms and lamb cutlets for break-
fast. If you can’t eat a whale of a meal
when Foo Chah cooks cutlets and mush-
rooms, there’s something wrong with you,
believe me.”

  David laughed. “ I can, but I’ll call it
lunch. I ate my breakfast at seven—
Robinetta is very severe with me, now that
she has me back again ”—an expression that
Tony could not decipher flitted across his
face—“ she makes me keep early hours at
each end of the day.”

  “ Makes?” said Tony. “ That baby
makes you do,anything?”

  “ Baby? Well, don’t let Robin hear you,
that’s all; she was twenty last birthday.
I bet you a box of cigars, Tony Fane, that
Robin could make you, or any other rea-

sonable man, do anything she made up her
mind to; and what’s more, you’d enjoy
doing it.”

CHAPTER II.

AN AMAZING DISCLOSURE.

DREAKFAST had been over for an hour
when at last Tony turned in his chair
and looked at David with a* direct, alert
gaze.

  “ Well, out with it, old man; I’ve made
you swallow your story long enough.”
David Cortland took a long pull at his
cigar, watched the cloud of smoke disap-
pear, and looked at his friend. His expres-
sion was keen and searching, but his eyes
smiled. “ Have you found ’em yet?” he
countered.

  “ Found what?”

  “The marks of the jail-bird?”

  “ Rot!” Tony stood up impulsively. “ I
don’t care what you were imprisoned for,
David, because I know you never did a
thing in your life to be ashamed of, but
I want you to know that I am going to
earth out the dirty scoundrels who made
you suffer, and beat ’em up. I’ll do that
if it’s the last thing I do on earth, so. help
me God!” He changed to a lighter tone.
“ And don't tell me anything you don’t
want to; I merely mention it because in
your letter—”

  “ What letter? Have you it with you?”
“ Certainly.” Tony laughed uncomfor-
tably. “ It gave me a bit of a jolt, you
know, finding it came from you. Was
there any need to tell me in such a round-
about way? If you’d sent me word where
you were these last five years, do you think
it would have taken me long to get to you?
Has every one turned you down so that you
distrusted the whole world, even me?”
Tony Fane, forgetting the dictum of old
Abraham, stood with his back to the fire,
and said what was in his mind. His color
was high, his blue eyes flamed. He re-
minded David of the boy who had won
the college Marathon, seven years before,
who, cheered and lauded by the crowd, had
stood so, and yelled for the university, turn-
ing the cheers away from himself.
SEVEN MINUTES AFTER.

165

  He had never been very much famed
for his intellect, jogging along through his
classes -with a fair average only, but he
had been a sportsman and an athlete, and
now, with the keenness engendered by years
of life in the old world, battling against
evils unseen and monstrous, David realized
that Tony’s brain was a fine weapon, too.
Since he had discovered who had been
under the clock that morning, he’d been
doing some thinking, with a vengeance.

  Tie held out his hand for the letter.

  “ Let me read it first, Tony.”

  “ Wait a minute.” Fane .turned the en-
velope so that his friend could see it. “ I
know this isn’t your handwriting; you dis-
guised it on purpose, I suppose, or got some
one else to address it, and then you typed
the rest. That isn’t what I’m complaining
about, Dave, it’s the way you sent it. .Why
did you let it go to Willard? I tell you
I felt like a skunk when he gave me the
thing.”

  “ Did Willard Fane bring you that?"

  “ Yes, gave it to me last night, came over
to the club on purpose, found me on the
point of going home. ‘ Say,’ he said—you
know that nasty, sneering way he has?—' I
imagine I have inadvertently opened a let-
ter intended for you, cousin; but it was
brought to my chambers ’—the bally idiot
always speaks of his place as ‘ chambers,’
some ridiculous word he brought back from
London—‘ and naturally ’—he cocked up
his eyebrows in that affected way he has
that always makes me want to punch his
head, and handed me your letter. I opened
it while he was there, too, and let him watch
me read it. He gave me some free advice
when I’d done, said I’d better turn the
thing over to the police.”

  “ Instead—”

  Tony fidgeted uncomfortably. “ Oh,
I’m not a charitable institution; I thought
of it, of course. Anonymous letters never
made a big hit with dad; they don’t with
me, either. But that letter had something
about?it that touched me; when I had read
it I said to myself, that whoever the per-
son was who wrote it, he was in trouble,
and on the verge of something desperate—
if I could help him—” Fane broke off in
embarrassment. “ So I drove down here

and made Foo Chah get me up early. I’d
have been at the clock in time, but for the
jam in the traffic.”

 David nodded. “ When I caught sight
of you racing past every one and defying
all rules I didn’t know who it was, of course,
but I had the feeling that the driver of
that blue car was headed for me. I watched
you for a minute; then I thought I’d bet-
ter get out of the way; I’m not very fond
of the police.”	*

 He bent over the letter. It was badly
typed on cheap paper, but it had the ring
of sincerity.

 To Mr. Antony Fane.

    My dear Sir:

      I just come out of prison, I done four and
  a half years and that was six months off for
  good conduct. I come out with a new suit of
  clothes and a little money what I earned but
  they won’t let me go away from New York ’til
  I am' off parole. I got to report to the judge
  every month for three months more. I swear
  before God that what I was in for was a plant
  and I never done it. Some of the police high
  up knows this and won’t leave me go. If I
  start to get a job they are after me; I can't get
  no wort, and I ain’t a city man, I don’t know
  the ways. The gang of a man I was in prison
  with is the only friends I gat.

    I learnt a lot while I was in prison, and five
  of the best criminals there—I mean the clever-
  est crooks—told me their dream jobs. That’s
  what they call them. It means the big crime
  they want to do more than anything, the big,
  sure-fire scheme they have brooded over and
  thought out and thought out until there isn’t
  any place it can go wrong. When they come
  out they are going to pull them off..

    The gang got a scheme to have me tell them
  about each job, then .they’ll pull ’em off and
  make me master of the gang. The men what
  thought ’em up will hav& half the money.
  They won’t have no need to tramp the city
  looking for work with ail the bulls against
  them when they get out of jail.

    That influences me some, because it’s a hard
  thing to do.

    I came from out West right near where you
  mines are, out at Shepherd, Mr. Fane, and I
  know’d you when you was a kid. I sure would
  like to get back to that country. It is out open
  and a fellow can breathe some without auto-
  mobiles swallowing up the air. Also there ain’t
  no police only the sheriff. His name is Bill
  Ponce and he knows me real well. If I’d been
  jailed there I could of come out and gone to
  work for him right away if I’d a mind to.

    Folks is built different away from the cities.
  Mr. Fane, I will not take up with the gang
  and be master which is a compliment after all
166

THE ARGOSY.

  and I like that part of it fine—if I can go back
  to the Shepherd country. If you spoke a word
  to the judge he would let me go maybe and I
  could report to him by letter which is a better
  plan for the bulls would not know it.

   To-morrow I shall stand under the clock
 outside the Golden Trust Company on Fifth
 Avenue. I shall be there at eleven o’clock ex-
 actly and I shall stand straight and silent un-
 der the figure twelve. I'll be there until five
 minutes after the hour; I’m afraid of standing
 long because of the police spotting me. Then
 if you are going to help me you will meet me
 there, and if you speak to the judge for me I
 can leave the city. I don’t want any money
 from you, but it seems like you might be able
 to use your influence. And I will hand over
 to you a paper I wrote out the dream jobs on;

 I carry it next me all the time.

   I	believe you will come to help me, Mr.
 Fane, you or some of the others. I’m writing
 to six other influential gentlemen what must
 know the right thing, but I’d like it best to be
 some one what knows Shepherd. God! but I
 love that country—seems as if only your fa-
 ther what is dead and gone luiowed what I
 feel about it. He was a powerful fine man.

                  Your respectful friend,

                      The Scarlet Rides.

 David read the letter through slowly, and
 laid it aside with a sigh. Tony had been
 standing with his back to him wThile he
 perused it, looking out of the window, but
 now he turned impatiently.

 “ One thing,” he said, “ I simply have to
 ask. Why did you disguise yourself that
 way: bad English, all the rest of it? Were
 you afraid of the gang? If you had said:

 ‘ Tony, I’m just out of jail, I’m David Cort-
 land, from Shepherd Mines, who played
 with you when you were a kid, and went to
 college with you that would have been all
 that was necessary. I’d have gone to the
 ends of the earth to meet you, and you’d
 never need to have told me another thing.”
 If it had not been for his earnestness,
 David would have laughed. But instead,
 something caught him by the throat, and
 he had to swallow hard before he could
 speak. He rose impulsively from his chair
 and put a hand on his friend’s shoulder.

   “ Tony, you dear old simpleton,” he said,
 “ I’ll tell you why. I never wrote that let-
 ter; I was never in prison in my life!"

  “ Then—”

 “ I know; it all fitted in so nicely. You
 saw me five and a half years ago, and I

vowed vengeance, then, on my father’s
memory. You knew how he had been
served, how, as chief of police, he had been
disgraced and dishonored, so that he died
of a broken heart as truly as any one ever
did. You know that when the funeral was
over I found papers which seemed to point
to Malone—who succeeded him—as the
culprit.

  “ And then I disappeared. I had been
your great chum, and not a iftord out of
me for five years, except that letter—so
long delayed—I sent you when your father
died. And, suddenly, you see me in the
place of the man who wrote you that letter,
and it leaps to- your mind that I’d been
wrongfully accused of a crime and that the
‘ police high up ’ know this and are onto
me.

  “ Of course, you thought of Malone. And
with your usual generous method.of pro-
cedure you identified me with the man who
needed your help. Tony,' you’re a brick
and the most loyal friend in the world, but
you certainly do butt your head against
a stone wall or two, at times. You used
to, you remember, when you played foot-
ball. It’s a useful trick.”

  Tony was desperately embarrassed. His
fair skin was dyed crimson, has collar sud-
denly seemed to choke him. He squirmed
under David’s lialf-ironical, wholly amused
gaze. Then, unable to resist the impulse,
he sank down in a chair and laughed.

  “ Great Jehoshaphat! ” he yelled. “ Then
it was not you I saw under the clock at all?
I just jumped at the whole darned thing?”

  “No, you saw7 me there all right: I
stepped in and stood there at six minutes
after eleven, to see if anything would hap-
pen. You see, I was one of the six men
besides yourself who had one of those let-
ters. I got there by ten forty-five. I swear
no one made even the slightest attempt to
stand there under the clock. And as far as
I could see, we were the only two who made
any attempt to answer them. I should
think it was all a hoax, or something worse,
but for one thing.”

  He took a bundle of letters from his
pocket and, sorting out one, laid it on the
table.

  “ Here, you see, is the facsimile of the
SEVEN MINUTES AFTER,

167

letter you received. But there is one thing
different. Tony, the thing that makes me
feel it is real. On the back page there
are seven names penciled, and yours and
mine are among them. I think that’s the
list the poor fellow used. You see, he wrote
to Van Haven, Winter Smith, Bellamy, Tom
Pedley, and to us.

   “ I thought at first the thing was a plant,
to get us to the clock, and— Oh, what's
the use of talking about it?” he broke off
abruptly, “ it isn’t any real help. But with
these others in on it—you and I chosen be-
cause we know the Shepherd country—
though if you didn’t you’d belong in that list
simply because you’re a multimillionaire;
and the others because they are interna-
tional names of importance—why, that
doesn’t seem possible. Besides, the letter
rings true. No one could be quite as in-
genuous as that merely by trying! Tony,
I wonder if you know how sick at heart
I should have been if you hadn’t come to
keep that appointment! ”

  Tony laughed. “ The only reason I
mightn’t would have been because I was
out of town and hadn’t received the let-
ter,” he said. “ Even as a kid I was a soft-
hearted sort of sucker, I guess; dear old dad
always felt it was against me, I know.”

  “ I knew you were in town, though, be-
cause Robin saw you. We were driving
up from the station yesterday when you
slid by in that blue devil of yours. Robin
called to you, but you had gone like a puff
of smoke. We tried to get you on the
phone later, but they didn’t know when
you would be in, at the club. I left a mes-
sage for you to call the Primalto, but didn’t
give my name; I wanted to surprise you.”

  “ You did that, all right.”

  Laughter broke out afresh; they tramped
the long room together for a moment in a
paroxysm of mirth, just as they had so
often done in the past. But then it had
been David who steadied first, now it was
Tony.

  “ I wonder,” he said quietly, “ what has
become of that poor chap? Why didn’t
he get to the rendezvous? Do you think
the gang he speaks of stopped him, or the
police? And why didn’t somebody else
make an attempt to help him out? Take

Pedley, now, he’s just the sort to take up
a matter like that; why wasn’t he in on it?
He’s in town.”

  “ He probably wouldn’t get the letter
until to-day, at the earliest. It would go
through his secretary’s hands; you know
how long it is before requests for money
reach the eyes of a great financier. The
slush has all to be weeded out first; that
is what a secretary’s for, isn’t it?”

  With a mutual comprehension of the
overburdened life of the very rich, they
smiled at each other. Then Tony stopped
suddenly and caught up the telephone.

  “ Say,” he said, “ I have an idea; let’s
phone the other six and get them after this
thing. We shall at least have their ideas
on the mystery.”

  With his hand on the receiver, he
stopped. Voices were heard in the hall.
With a gesture of resignation he whispered
a name.

   “ Lord, it’s Araminta! ” he said.

  David gave one despairing glance
around, but the way of escape was closed.
The last thing he wanted to do at this mo-
ment was to meet an unknown woman.
Foo Chah was heard explaining that Mr.
Fane was engaged; and in return a wo-
man’s voice, a rather high, metallic, but
withal languidly sweet voice—made the as-
sertion that Mr. Fane was never too much
engaged to see her; he had said so. Foo
Chah’s expostulations were useless.

  As the door opened David made one
swoop for the letters .on the table, turned
his back on the incoming visitors, and
placed them safely in his pocket. Why he
did so, he had no idea. For in another
moment he turned to face the most ra-
diantly beautiful woman he had ever seen,
while Foo Ghah announced decorously in
his high, sing-song voice:

  “ Missee Alaminta Lellerby.”

CHAPTER III.

THE “ STUPID ” MISS LETHEJRBY.

“ ^j^HICH means,” said the radiant vision
to whom Tony had just presented
him: “Araminta Letherby. You don’t re-
member me, Mr. Cortland, I can see; have
168

THE ARGOSY,

I changed in every other way, as well as
changing my name?”

  “ If I’d ever met you before, Miss Leth-
erby, I shouldn’t have forgotten it,” said
David simply.

  “ Delightful! Doesn’t he say nice
things, Tony; and just as if he was swear-
ing on the Bible or something. Quite
European, isn’t it? Most American men,
Mr. Cortland, are so crude.”

  “ Crudity is necessary sometimes, Ara-
minta, sweet one,” said Tony, “ and Cort-
land is all American, you’ll find, and proud
of it. I’ve known him cruder than you
would ever countenance. Do you remem-
iber when he boxed your ears, out at Shep-
herd, for tormenting that goat?”
Araminta’s eyes smiled languidly. The
dark fringes drooped over them for an in-
stant, lifting again as she met David’s
amazed stare. “ What a little fiend I was;
now you remember, don’t you, David?”

  “ Minta?” he cried amazedly. “ Little
Minta Crane, the child who used to stay
down at the cabin and came up to play
with us? Why, it’s impossible.”

  “ But delightful, isn’t it?” Araminta
drawled. “ Just think, if I’d been com-
pelled to stay Minta Crane, with that
fiendish temper, and no clothes or any-
thing! I had a rich uncle, David, who left
me his money on condition I became a
Letherby. It’s a much nicer name than
Crane, anyhow, don’t you agree with me?
And clothes do make a difference.”'

  She looked down complacently at the
suit of wistaria-colored velvet she wore,
and allowed the deep cape of chinchilla to
fall from her shoulders. As David recov-
ered it she let it remain in his hands for a
second longer than necessary, impalpably
fragrant, elusive, delicate, and lovely as its
owner. And once again her eyes met his,
and David smiled with the vivid boyishness
that wiped away all appearance of care
from his face. He drew a long breath.

  “ I should say that everything around
you added to your loveliness, Miss Lether-
by,” he said; “ but as for needing clothes
in the way you mean ”—he hesitated, fin-
ishing with a crudity that he felt no one
could have equaled—“ if you wore rags you
would be beautiful.”

. “ Piffle,” Tony laughed; “ that’s a fal-
lacy no artist believes. It makes all the
difference how a lovely woman dresses.
Araminta is known as the most beautiful
woman in New York, and the stupidest.”
“Tony!”

  Araminta laughed delightedly.

   “ It’s true, David; you needn’t look so
shocked. I’m used to it. I found I couldn’t
contend -with the brainy women, so I de-
cided to be just as stupid a? I felt, and
told a few of my best friends so.

  “ It went round New York in a jiffy.
They speak of me as stupid Araminta
Letherby. It saves me lots of fuss, and I
can work at being a beauty, I really enjoy
that.”

   She shifted her gaze to Tony as if chal-
lenging his opinion. It was a glance of un-
concealed coquetry. Tony met it gallantly.

  “ And as David has declared, you make
quite a success at it, sweetness. Araminta,
I’m not in a painting mood to-day; I’m not
going on with your portrait. Besides, you
hadn’t a sitting, you know.”

  She nodded. “ I should say not, with
David just back.” Her kindling look
showed appreciation of the fact that David
was Tony’s greatest friend. “ I didn’t come
for that. Willard Fane told me you’d had
an extraordinary letter from a crook, or
something, and what he said made me so
curious I simply had to look you up. He
thinks its some new scheme for extorting
money from the gentle philanthropist. He:s
an odd person, that cousin of yours, Tony.”
“ I wish he’d let me alone,” said Tony.
“ He must be just dippy about you, x\ra-
minta, the way he tells you things.” .

   “ He is,” said the girl calmly, “ and he
amuses me. He’s coming to dinner, to-
night—and that’s why I wanted to hear
about this letter. What did you do, Tony,
go to the meeting place, and all that? I
bet you did; any crook would have a soft
time who tried to take you in.”

  The little laugh with which she ended,
and the affectionate pat she gave to Tony’s
sleeve, took all malice away from the words.

  But something stirred uncomfortably in
David’s mind. Was there any intent in
the words; was the implication quite as
innocuous as it pretended? Over Tony’s
SEVEN MINUTES AFTER,

169

shoulder his eyes met Araminta’s, and the
luminous clearness of her gaze, the gentle,
almost simple expression around her per-
fect mouth, reassured and made him
ashamed of his doubt.

  Araminta was just a charmingly beauti-
ful, brainless doll. She uttered her words
thoughtlessly, but at heart she was sound.
He smiled at her, as one smiles at a charm-
ing child.

  “ Guess I’ll have to let you see that let-
ter ”—Tony felt in the pockets of his coat—
“ doesn’t seem to be here; what did I do
with it? David, did you—”

  “ Put it in my pocket by mistake? Have
you looked on the floor?” Stooping, David
dexterously dropped the letter to the
ground, ascertained that it was the copy
that had been sent to Tony, and gave it to
him with a smile.

  For a second he saw an expression of
amazement cross Tony’s face, for he had
been standing where his friend’s little ma-
neuver was perfectly plain to him; but it
was instantly replaced by a good-humored
smile as he gave the letter to Araminta.

  The girl handled it daintily, her face
wrinkled into a little moue of disdain at the
torn, cheap paper; but as she read on that
expression of disdain vanished, and when
she laid the letter upon the table, at last,
David saw with a thrill that*her eyes were
full of tears. She had a heart, then, to
match her lovely face. What did *brains
matter in a woman as beautiful and tender?

  Araminta stood up. “ Oh, Tony; I hope
you did something for the poor fellow,”
she said eagerly, and with an impulsive
gesture she turned the contents of her purse
out on the table.

  “ Give him this,” she said; “ it is little
enough, but it may help him to get a start.
I’ve been so terribly extravagant lately I
can’t let you have any more. I’m ashamed,
now that I come across need like his.”
Once more she indicated the letter lying
between them.

  “ Bless your generous heart,” said Tony,
making a handful of the bills and money
and sweeping it back into her purse, rais-
ing his eyebrows at some of the denomina-
tions as he did so; “ there’s enough there
to start him in a farm, almost; but run

along, Araminta, and forget it. The Scar-
let Rider didn’t turn up this morning. Per-
haps he had help through some one else.”

  “ Perhaps he has been found by the po-
lice, or something.” She stood in perplex-
ity, drawing her cloak around her slowly,
then her face brightened. “ I know,” she
cried. “ Willard can help after all. Isn’t
he assistant to the commissioner of police?
Oh, I know you’ve always said he didn’t
do anything, Tony; that*he was more of a
loafer than any of the rest of that crowd;
but don’t you see, here is a chance for him
to prove himself, to show that he really
can be of use, after all. He’d do anything,
for me.”

  “ That doesn’t make him unusual,” Tony
responded; “ any of us would, and you
know it. Look at David, now; he’s your
abject slave. We all were, even back in
the days when you had a fiendish temper
and teased my goat. But don’t try Willard
too far, he isn’t like the rest of us, exactly;
and .as for helping out on this poor devil’s
case,, he’s 'already counseled me to put it
into the hands of the police. That doesn’t
sound exactly sympathetic.”

  “ Brute! He wasn’t a bit like that when
he spoke to me this morning, though,
Tony; he couldn’t remember bits of the
letter—that was what made me curious—
but he thought there might be something
true in it. Of course he wouldn’t have the
interest in it we all have, because he wasn’t
a child out at Shepherd.”

  “ It’s incredible you were!” David broke

in.

  “ It is to myself, sometimes—” the eyes
Araminta turned on him were very wistful;
“ other girls could put into words what it
makes them feel, the change, the difference
it has all made; but I’m so stupid, I can’t.
But David, I feel that you’d always un-
derstand.”

  She dropped her voice; though Tony
stood close beside them, David felt for an
instant as if he were alone with Araminta.
Tony turned aside to hide a smile, though
he was slightly, unaccountably irritated.
Araminta could try her wiles with success
on all the rest of mankind, but somehow,
he wanted David to be free from them.
David took things so hard. Another fel-
170

THE ARGOSY.

low wouldn’t think much of being taken up
by Araminta and dropped; as she always
dropped every one in the end; but David
wouldn’t understand it. He stepped brisk-
ly forward.

  “ As for Willard—” he said again.
Araminta appeared to bring herself back
to the remembrance of his presence with
an effort. David was holding her hand as
she said good-by. “ And you will come
and see me?” she was saying. “ Tony will
tell you where I live; in my uncle’s old
house on Sixty-Fifth Street.”

  Then she replied to Tony’s remark.

  “ Willard?” she laughed. “ He’d slipped
from my mind. I’ll be absolutely con-
scienceless and forget that he was to dine
with me. I’ll make Anita call him when I
get home and tell him I have a headache
or something, and can’t see him. Then
you boys come to dinner instead, won’t
you, please?”

  She stood back, holding her big muff be-
fore her face, her two beseeching, lovely
eyes brimful of mischief. If she had been
beautiful before, she was radiant now. All
the artist in Antony Fane recognized it.
Mentally he groaned. What man could
resist such allure? He knew Araminta
through and through, for instance, but he
could not.

  He glanced at David expectantly, his
ready grin already in evidence. A mere
formal acknowledgment from himself -would
be all that was necessary; David, if he
knew the symptoms, would jump at the
chance of seeing Araminta again that day,
and in the intimacy of a family dinner in
her own home.

  But David hesitated. “ Thank you,” he
said; “you are more than kind; but I’m
afraid I can’t. You see, my little sister,
she has been separated from me so long;
I can’t leave her, very well; we only re-
turned to New York yesterday.”

    How stupid of. me,” said Araminta;
“ of course I remember Robinetta. She
was a toddling baby when I was about—
well, let’s leave the matter of age out of it.
Wouldn’t she come without a formal call
from me first, if I wrote her a note? Or—
I might call on her this afternoon.”

  David laughed. “ Robin’s the most un-

ceremonious creature in the world,” he said.
“ If I may bring her with me I know she’ll
be charmed. She’s the most astonishing
memory, too; she’ll probably know exactly
what you looked like as Minta Crane, and
unless I warn her she will be sure to blurt
out that little matter of age.”

  “ Gracious!” said Araminta, stepping
away in pretended alarm.

  “ Even if she does, sweetness, you should
worry!” Tony said slangily,‘and as he
walked with her down the narrow pathway
to the waiting car, his laugh came back to
David merrily.

  “ Holy smoke, Araminta, I’d give some-
thing to see Willard’s face when Anita
phones him. He knows you never have a
headache. Aren’t you afraid of losing an
adorer?”

  She shook her head, laughing. “ Even
for stupid Araminta Letherby there are
plenty more,” she said, and her eyes turned,
as if against her will, back’ to the window
where David Cortland stood.

chapter IV.

“lot 245.”

“THRIVE to the Primalto Hotel,” Ara-
minta told the chauffeur as the car
turned out of Washington Square. For a
moment she watched the man manipulating
his way through the traffic, then, with a
half-smile, that somehow altered the ex-
pression of her face, adding a subtlety to
its beauty that had not been there when
she talked with Tony and Cortland, she
took the paper from her loose-sleeved cape,
and opening it, proceeded to read again,
calmly, the letter that had been the cause
of her visit to Tony’s studio—the letter
from the Scarlet Rider.

  Long before the Primalto was reached
she had folded it again and placed it in her
hand-bag, and when she swept across the
curb and into the palm-shaded lobby of the
hotel, famous for its exclusive patronage
and the suavity of its service, all hint «f
frowning thought had gone from her ex-
pression, and she was again only the beau-
tiful Araminta Letherby New York had
labeled stupid.
SEVEN MINUTES AFTER.

171

  She walked swiftly through the lobby to
the alcove, where the telephone operator
sat at the switchboard. “ Chelsea 227A,
if you please,” she said quietly, taking no
notice of the tall, unobtrusively dressed
man who had followed her in and now
leaned over the board, talking to the curly
haired operator. When she received a sig-
nal to enter one of the booths, she was ap-
parently careless as to who heard her con-
versation, for she left the door open and
said only a few words.

  “ P’oo Chah, this is Miss Letherby; put
your master on the wire, please.” And
again, after a pause: “ Hello, Tony, this is
Araminta. ' I’m speaking from the Prim-
alto; had to come here for a stupid lunch-
eon engagement. What? Oh, that’s mean,
from you; it needn’t necessarily be stupid
because I’m there, you know. I called up
to tell you that I took away the letter you
had—you know, from the man who signed
himself the Scarlet Rider —• I must have
swept it off into my bag with my sleeve, or
something. I hope you hadn’t missed it.
Tony, can’t you send Foo Chah for it?
I’m phoning Anita to meet me here; she
can sit in the lounge and wait for him.
No, I can’t. Tony, I don’t like having the
thing about; it depresses me. All right,
good boy, thank you very much. Anita
will be here right away. I’ll tell her to look
out for you. Yes, in about half an hour;
good-by.”

  Thoughtfully, she hung up the receiver,
paid the fee, and left the alcove with a
glance at the jeweled watch on her wrist.
One o’clock; lunch was at one thirty.
There would be time for what she had
planned. She walked up to the mezzanine
floor, sought out the homeliest looking of
the stenographers, and sat down to dictate.

  <! You take letters straight on the ma-
chine?” she asked.

  The girl nodded; she thought she had
never seen any one more beautiful than the
woman before her, and her clothes were
perfect enough to make any one gasp, even
in that hotel of beautifully gowned women.
She fitted a sheet of paper into the ma-
chine without looking at it. “ You wish a
carbon copy?”

   “ It won’t be necessary; these are merely

a few extracts from a letter; I wanted them
typed so that I shouldn’t have to copy
them by hand. Do you want me to talk
slowly?”

   “ I think I can take it just as you speak.”

   Araminta dictated from the letter in her
hand. Then she glanced over the sheet of
typed matter the girl handed to her, laid
a five-dollar bill on the machine, and rose.

  “ Change will not be necessary; buy
yourself some candy witli it.”

  “ But, madame, your fee is only thirty-
five cents,” the stenographer stammered.
Her brain was hot working as rapidly as
usual; she was dazzled by Araminta’s
beauty and gentleness, yet she thought
back, rapidly. What was it she had taken
down; nothing of real value, was it? No,
it had evidently been a personal matter,
only; something that had been written to
this beauteous person by a dependent of
some sort, probably, for the grammar had
been poor. Nothing it was necessary to
report to the house detective. She drew a
long breath, pushing the five-dollar bill
away from -her.

  “ But I want you to take it—please.”
Araminta looked like a child about to cry;
the other girl' was sure her lower lip trem-
bled ever so slightly. She looked up, hesi-
tantly. “ I have more money than I can
ever spend, and once I was a poor girl, too;

I knew then what a few extra pennies
meant. Won’t you let me—” the gentle,
deprecating voice trailed off into a wistful
silence.

  Araminta turned away, leaving the girl
at the machine lost in a haze of golden fan-
cies. Once—she had it from her own lips
—this wonderful person had also been a
poor girl, perhaps a stenographer, even,
and she seemed to know exactly how a
working girl felt, anyway.

  How wonderful to be rich, and to wear
beautiful clothes, and be able to be kind,
always. Perhaps her chance, too, would
come. The unfortunates who dictated to
her for the rest of the day wondered what
could have gotten into the usually capable
head.

  Araminta had miscalculated, she had
made a deeper impression than she knew.
Aiming to bewilder, she had stimulated
172

THE ARGOSY.

memory. Not one word of what she had
taken down on the machine escaped the
girl’s mind. And as die fell 'asleep that
night one name was on her lips. She won-
dered drowsily who could be the Scarlet
Rider? It was as attractive, romantic name.

  Anita Ferndale was Araminta’s compan-
ion. She did all the things Araminta didn’t
want to do, and stood as a buffer between
that young woman and a kind and indul-
gent world too urgent in pressing its claims.
She had one pride; her capability. Say,
for an instant, that she was not the perfect
social secretary, and Anita was up in arms.
She knew that she could not be bettered
in this capacity. And she adored Araminta
Letherby, because she admitted it. It
didn’t matter whether Araminta was in a
good temper or bad, she never made the
mistake of depreciating Anita’s qualities.

  In return, Miss Ferndale gave unstinted
good measure for her generous salary, and
reserved the right to be as sulky—or saucy
•—to the beautiful Miss Letherby as she
pleased. She made one mistake only: she
took Araminta at the valuation she had set
upon herself. She thought her stupid.

  “ I had a message from Peters, Minta,”
she said, coming across the crowded lounge
a few minutes later, her trim figure clad in
a nondescript suit of gray, the furs about
her shoulders giving the impression of be-
ing unbecoming, somehow, although Ara-
minta herself had chosen them. “ He said
you needed me here at one twenty-five. It
is now exactly that,” she added.

  “ Punctual as usual; how do you do it,
child?” There was lazy admiration in
Araminta’s voice, and Anita flushed. She
sat down on the seat next to her employer,
and looked over the crowd.

  “ What are we doing?” she asked.
“ Something new?”

  “ I am,” Araminta drawled. “ Take my
hand-bag, like a good girl, and find a fold-
ed letter—crumpled paper, dirty, horrid
thing to touch—yes, that’s it. Now, I want
you to wait here for Mr. Fane, he’s coming
in with a friend on their way somewhere,
and he wants that letter. He’s expecting
to see you. Here comes my escort; I’m
lunching in the Gold Room; I’ll be home
by four o’clock.”

  She rose from her seat, nodded smilingly
across her shoulder at her, and left Anita
sitting contemplatively with Araminta’s
hand-bag on her lap, and a folded, crum-
pled bit of paper clasped in with it. But
Anita did not mind. She had, for a won-
der, no idea as to who Araminta’s. escort
might be. He was tall and thin and aris-
tocratic looking, but Miss Ferndale made
a mental comment as she looked after him.

  “ Bet he’s the devil of a temper!” she
told herself inelegantly. Philosophically,
she searched in the hand-bag left in her
care—one of Araminta’s stupidities, she
knew—for bonbons. It was late, she had
not had luncheon, and she knew Araminta’s
propensity for candy-

  She was rewarded by finding some cakes
of chocolate, but they were warm and
sticky to the touch. She was annoyed to
be found sucking off the remnants that
had adhered to her fingers, when Antony
Fane stopped beside her; for if Anita had
a fancy for any man, it was for the young
giant before her. He was so good-tem-
pered, so wholesome, so virile. She smiled
comically now, making a little face of dis-
may.

  “ What a mess to find me in,” she said;
“ and you look as if you’d come out of a
bandbox, as usual. Miss Letherby wanted
me to give you this, Mr. Fane.”

  She handed him the folded paper.

  Tony thanked her, and presented David
Cortland. Both men ■ were exceedingly
spick and span, and Anita rose, eying them
with sparkling eyes in which mischief
gleamed.

  “ You’re evidently going somewhere to
conquer,” she remarked, “ and I must go
home. Don’t let me detain you, there are
all kinds of beautiful girls waiting.”

  Tony laughed. “ We’re going to call on
one—Mr. Cortland’s little sister. At least,
she seems little to me; I haven’t seen her
since she grew up. We’re all dining with
Miss Letherby to-night, you know, so we’ll
meet again.”

  “ I didn’t know; glad you told me,”
Anita retorted grimly. “ Araminta expects
me to have second sight about her guests.
What sort of a dinner is it to 'be, Mr. Fane;
any idea?”
SEVEN MINUTES AFTER.

173

  “ Strictly a family affair, no need to
worry; let the chef have hysterics if he
wants to.”

  “ He may; he’s temperamental,” Anita
laughed. With a gay little nod she watched
them walk away, two exceedingly smart-
looking men. Briskly, she was turning to-
ward the ladies’ entrance, when she was
aware that the man who had taken Ara-
minta to lunch stood at her side.

  “ Miss Ferndale?” he interrogated.
“ Yes? Then, if you please, Miss Lether-
>by wants her hand-bag. She says she left
it with you.”

  Anita gripped it more firmly. “ I think
I’ll go with you to give it to her, if you
don’t mind,” she said coolly. “I’ve no
doubt whatever that Miss Letherby sent
for it, but you see, if she had not, by any
chance, and there always is a chance—then
I’m responsible. And there’s more money
in that bag than I could afford to lose, I’m
sure. Miss Letherby is awfully careless
about money.”

  The man frowned in perplexity. “ I see
your point,” he admitted; “ but er—»the
fact is—Miss Letherby is transacting a
matter of private business, and she doesn’t
want any one in on it. If you will let me
bring her to you—”

  Anita looked him over coolly. He was
evidently a gentleman, well-groomed and
distinguished-looking; but there was .some-
thing about him she did not like. More-
over, he was new to her, and she had not
heard his name. His tone, too, when he
first spoke had been distinctly supercilious,
and that was something he was to suffer
for. Miss Ferndale lifted her chin.

  “ Certainly not,” she said icily; “ Miss
Letherby cannot be dragged about to search
for her own hand-bags.” Her tone implied
that she was speaking of a queen. “ Be-
sides, she is used to me in her private busi-
ness; you see that man over there, the tall
one leaning over the desk, talking to the in-
formation clerk? Well, he telephoned me
to come here and meet Miss Letherby this
morning. His name is Peters; he is never
far away when Miss Letherby is in a pub-
lic place. She gives him messages and
sends him on errands without ever speak-
ing to him, by code, of course; he knows

me. Would you prefer me to give this bag
to him?”

  Her companion laughed. “ You are an
ideal secretary, Miss Ferndale,” he said
pleasantly; “ suppose you tell me -that you
are willing to accept the responsibility of
accompanying me, and then come along.
It won’t do to keep Miss Letherby waiting.
She can’t do business very well without
that bag.”

 0	m

  Stanchly, Anita followed him. But as
she turned the ;bend in the lounge and
headed for the elevators, she turned her
head and made a hurried signal to the tall,
lanky man she had indicated as Peters.
But she had no opportunity of knowing
whether he followed her or not, for her es-.
cort hurried her into a descending elevator.

  “ Down,” he said sharply.

  They found themselves in a concrete
passageway, and passed on into a large
room almost blocked with people. But
they were not the- people -who filled the cor-
ridors up-stairs. This was a crowd of com-
mercial men of one sort and another, hawk-
eyed Jews, down-at-heel women, one cr
two quiet matrons who kept together in a
select group, and a few who seemed to be
onlookers merely, better dressed than the
others, less noisy, -surveying the rest of the
crowd with appraising eyes.

  Through all a constant stream of porters
passed and repassed with baggage, and a
voice was heard uplifted in exhortation.

  “ What is it?” asked Miss Ferndale. She
was surprised, but not in the least bewil-
dered. Her companion looked down at
her with twinkling eyes not without their
gleam of malice, and the dislike Anita had
felt at first suddenly developed into large
proportions. She had difficulty in hearing
his reply above the shouting, but as she
followed him through the worst of the
wedging, pushing mass of humanity, the
sound of his words—as sounds will—made
sense to her consciousness. “ Sale of held
baggage,” he said.

  “ What on earth could Araminta want
with other persons’ luggage,” she asked
herself. For now she sa^v Miss Letherby,
sitting on a tall, black-leather trunk, and
eying the scene with bored amusement.
She looked more beautiful than usual, and
174

THE ARGOSY.

more out of place than Anita had ever seen
her. For she had the faculty that so few
really lovely women have, of seeming to.
become a part of whatever portion of the'
landscape was her temporary setting. As
Anita approached she looked up with an
expression of astonishment.

   “ Willard,” she said fretfully, “ I asked
 you to bring the thing.” 'S®

   She took the purse from Anita’s hand
 without glancing at -her, and the girl smiled
 grimly. It was evident she had not pleased
 Araminta by coming, ‘but at least she had
 satisfied herself that the demand for the
 purse was genuine. She didn’t wait for the
 man to answer, but spoke firmly, as one
 speaks to a fractious child:

   “ You had over a thousand dollars in the
 bag when you started off this morning, and
 I didn’t know this gentleman. I insisted
 on ’bringing it myself. If you need any-
 thing of the kind another time, write it
 down. I know your signature.”

   “ But you know,” said Araminta plain-
 tively, for the first time letting her lovely
 eyes rest on Anita’s face, “how long it
 takes for me to do that; I can never ex-
 press myself properly.”

   “ Asking for a simple hand-bag,” Anita
 almost snorted; “ you can’t make me think
 you as stupid as that; any common school-
 child could write enough for that.”

   “ If they chose,” added Araminta spite-
 fully, and made the nvords a dismissal,
 turning her back on her secretary and smil-
 ing up at her companion. She had not pre-
 sented him to Miss Ferndale, but Anita
 knew who he was, now.

   Willard Fane had figured in the papers
 enough for her to chide herself for not hav-
 ing recognized him instantly. But the fact
 was, he was a bigger man physically than
 his portraits had led her to believe.

   As she wended her way alone through
 the crowd she thought out the reason, seiz-
 ing upon it with the rapidity with which
 she did everything. It was because his
 features were small and refined, not as large
 as is usually the case with a tall man. It
 gave him a curiously indefinite look, she
 reflected, and yet from all accounts Wil-
 lard Fane was anything but that. His
 record in the police department ^lone

 proved him to be aggressive and politic,
 both. Now Anita felt him to be unscru-
 pulous.

   “ Why hadn’t he told her his name,” she
 asked angrily, “ and prevented her from
 making such a play for annoyance on
 Anita’s part?” She turned to glare, at him
 balefully.

   But he had disappeared. It was only a
 moment since she had seen him standing
 'by Araminta, laughing down at* her while
 she coquetted with him. There was no
 place they could reasonably have gone, for
 the room ended in a concrete wall against
 which the black trunk on which Araminta
 had -been sitting now stood out with clear-
 ness. And they had certainly not followed
 her back through the crowd.

   In her amazement Miss Ferndale al-
 lowed herself to stop and scan the place
 anxiously. Araminta could not be lost;
 she was too beautiful and too conspicuous;
 -but it would be just as well if Peters had
 seen her signal and followed her down, con-
 sidering Willard Fane’s reputation.

   “ Here,” she heard his voice say softly.
 The tall, thin man was leaning over the
 edge of a trunk, staring up the room at the
 auctioneer. Apparently he had not moved
 his lips, and he certainly had not glanced
 in -her direction. He was the same picture
 of awkward ease that he had been in the-
 lobby up-stairs, earlier in the day in the
 telephone alcove, and as he had been on
 the score of times only that Anita had seen
 him.

   He -had always amused her, rather, and
 to Araminta she spoke of him as “ the
 Yank,” always. He was not unlike the
 usual picturized ideas of Uncle Sam, but
 without the goatee. Yet in one gesture he
 had always seemed to Anita to 'be pulling
 at that imaginary beard.

   He did not seem to be looking at her,
 and yet Anita knew that he had spoken to
 her. She edged her way through the crowd,
 and stood beside him, following the direc-
 tion of his glance without speaking.

 The auctioneer was disposing of his
 wares rapidly. It was evident that he had
 another appointment, and did not mean to
 waste more time than necessary on this
 one. It was unusual to hold an auction on
SEVEN MINUTES AFTER,

175

the hotel premises, and he did not approve
of it. He had told the management that
if a hall was hired, as usual, the baggage
would fetch more money. He meant to
act so that his words would prove true, and
on the next occasion he could work in a
hall, from the rent of which he could graft
a nice little sum. But he had to be guard-
ed about it, or the hotel officials would get
on to his game.

   He glanced perfunctorily at the small
trunk and old grip labeled “ Lot 245,” that
now was placed before him, and began his
offer for bids, his hammer already poised
to knock it down for a few dollars. Then,
to his surprise, a cultured, drawling voice
said: “ Twenty dollars.”

   Miss Ferndale recognized the voice, but
she could not understand it. What could
Willard Fane want with an old, battered
trunk that looked as if it came off the prai-
ries? It was evidently home-made;, on the
end nearest her the initials S. T. R. had
been painted by some one who knew little
about the art of lettering. Also, the trunk
was small, and the grip that accompanied
it was of the old collapsible pattern that
had followed the still more ancient carpet-
bag. It was wrinkled and dusty, and alto-
gether undesirable. At the most it might
be worth ten dollars; yet he had bidden
twenty. She turned to Peters, whispering
a question.

   “ Is Miss Letherby there, too?”

  Peters nodded. He was smiling as one
smiles at a spoilt child. Miss Ferndale
smiled back, understanding the cause of -his
mirth. She had felt that way about Ara-
minta often, when some whim seized her to
possess something bizarre and unsatisfac-
tory—a whim that she would move heaven
and earth to satisfy. Her quick brain rea-
soned it out something like this, which was
surprisingly near the truth, too, as Peters
informed her later:

   In some way Araminta had heard of this
auction of baggage held by the hotel in lieu
of unpaid accounts, and insisted on attend-
ing it. Then, whimsical as ever, she had
set her heart on this absurd, small trunk
with the hall-marks of Western origin, and
Willard Fane had undertaken to get it for
her.

   It was a perverse desire t« hide her child-
ish wish from her secretary that had made
her sulky just now.

  With her lips curving in a smile, Anita
stayed until the wily auctioneer, getting
somewhere near the truth, had run the
price up to fifty dollars, doing it so swiftly,
too, that the rest of the crowd had very little
interest in it.

  The bag and trunk became the property
of Miss Letherby with a suddenness that
surprised the watchers unsuspected in the
background. Peters once more made that
gesture of pulling at his beard, and Miss
Ferndale moved away quietly. It did not
surprise her that the man followed, and
stood with her, waiting for the elevator;
even though in the six months since he had
become an unacknowledged member of Ara-
minta’s staff, he had never talked with Miss
Ferndale face to face.

  But there had been something in the
small incident to draw them together. Ara-
minta had done something so senseless, so
supremely foolish. These employees of hers
could scarcely refrain from comment.

  However, Miss Ferndale, always a trifle
curious about this secret body-guard of
Araminta’s, found Peters a , silent com-
panion. He accompanied her to the stage,
walking over to Fifth Avenue from the
Primalto, and scarcely speaking as they
crossed the park, except to tell the secretary
about the conversation which had led to
the desire Araminta had just gratified, to
attend the auction. But as they waited for
the bus he asked a question, looking down
into her face with eyes that Anita found
could be very searching.

“ What do you think of Willard Fane?”
“ I only saw him to-day for the first time;

I don’t think—I like him.”

  “ He’s a damned crook!” said Peters be-
tween his teeth.

CHAPTER V.

DIANA-AND HER WEAPON.

JM R. CORTLAND is wanted on the
     telephone, madam.”

“ That must be my sister,” said David,
xcusing himself. A sigh of relief went
176

THE ARGOSY.

round the little group in Araminta’s. draw-
ing-room. Even the most informal of
dinner parties is not improved by unpunc-
tuality on the part of one of the guests, and
for fifteen minutes now every .one had been
waiting for Robinetta Cortland to appear.

  Even the arrival of the cocktails had not
saved the situation, for Tony had still re-
mained gloomy, and David had been dis-
tressed at his sister’s absence, begging his
hostess not to wait dinner.

  “ I can’t think what has come to Robin,”
he had said. “ She promised, to meet me
here; she is the most punctual person, too;
uncomfortably so, almost.”

  “ Aren’t you afraid something has hap-
pened to her?” Tony had roused himself
from gloom to ask. He had fallen a ready
prey to Robin’s charm during his call upon
her that afternoon, and had come into
Araminta’s house absurdly early, with an
eager expression in his eyes that Miss
Letherby had at. once noticed. She laughed
at him openly now.

  “ Tony, as if a modern girl couldn’t take
care of herself.”

  “ Robinetta can,” said David with a
laugh. “ Out West she had to, you know;
she was all alone.”

  “ Of course you were in-—” The slight
pause was evidently an invitation for infor-
mation. David took advantage of the op-
portunity it gave him to address his hostess
directly by answering as he crossed the room
to a seat at her side.

  “ In Europe.”

  “ And your sister was alone out West?”
The accent was almost anxiously concerned.
David thought it another mark of tender-
ness in this adorable woman that she should
be concerned about the lonesome life of a
scarcely remembered girl. “ Of course she
was at school most of the time,” he smiled.

   “ Still,” said Tony, interrupting pessimis-
tically on the main issue, “New York is
New York, you know; it’s a bit different
from the West. I wouldn’t let a sister of
mine go around alone in this city.”

  “ Don’t say that to Robinetta.”

  “ Is your sister so militant?” asked Ara-
minta. Her eyes were soft as velvet to-
night, David thought, as he answered. Her
evening gown was simple; in his masculine

innocence he thought that an ingenue might
have worn it, not recognizing the art of the
swirling golden draperies and the big sash
of dull gray velvet caught with an opal pin.

  The opal earnings she wore gleamed rosy
and blue and gray as they caught the color
of cheeks and eyes and girdle, David
thought. But not even the gleam of deepest
blue in any jewel could match the depth of
Araminta’s eyes.	,

  His voice breathed his admiration, and
Araminta half smiled. She had seen that
expression too often in men’s eyes not to
know its meaning.

  In a corner Anita watched the little scene
without criticism. She had sometimes won-
dered why it was that men preferred beauty
to brains; but it seemed to be an irrefutable
fact.

  The announcement of the phone-call
came as a relief. Tony grinned, catching
Araminta’s eye. As David returned all
looked at him eagerly. Tony, because he
could scarcely wait to hear news of his new
divinity; Anita because, having missed her
luncheon, she was desperately hungry; Ara-
minta, out of real curiosity to see this young
girl whom her brother adored, and Tony—
an artist, after all — considered lovely
enough to admire. She might be stupid, but
Araminta had a very certain belief in
Tony’s artistic sense.

  “ It was Robin; she telephoned to say
that she had a breakdown with the car and
could not possibly get here for twenty
minutes if she stayed to dress. I took the
liberty of telling her to come as she is. I
hope you don’t mind, Miss Letherby?”

  “ I’m delighted,” said Araminta, with a
sincerity that brought a little cynical smile
to her secretary’s lips.

  Almost as she spoke the butler opened
the door and announced: “ Miss Cortland.”
A slender girl entered swiftly, her eyes
searching for her hostess. She seemed to
be dazzled a little by the brilliant lights of
the room—Araminta insisted upon bright-
ness always; she had no need of a subdued
light—and paused on the threshold.

  David took her hand, presenting her to
Miss Letherby. “ Why Robin,” said he,
“you came on the wings of the wind; I
had only just come back from the phonfe.”
•

SEVEN MINUTES AFTER.	177

  Robinetta, her hand still in Araminta’s
soft, cordial clasp, laughed softly. “ I tele-
phoned from next door,” she explained; “ I
made a mistake in the house. They were
having a dinner-party, and I caught sight
of the women trailing out to the dining-
room. It made me remember that I was
not dressed, so I asked the man if 1 might
telephone. I must ask your pardon for
coming like this,” she added directly’to her
hostess.

  Even Araminta laughed, th&re was some-
thing so naive in getting as far as “ next
door,” and then remembering her lack of
suitable clothing. Tony grinned his wide,
infectious grin.

  “You’re giving your brother away &e
everything, Miss Cortland,” he announced.
“ He made a pretty apology for himself,
permitting you to come this way.”

  It was a merry party by the time dinner
was announced. “ We haven’t enough men
to go round,” said Miss Letherby. “ I’m
afraid you’re left, Anita.” She smilingly
took David’s arm. Tony, so happy that
he was now grinning foolishly, took Robi-
netta on his right and Anita at the left.
Somehow, with the coming of this slender,
bright-eyed girl in street garb, an air of
gaiety had invaded the party.

  “ I’m hungry enough to—” Robin paused
suddenly as they crossed the hall, catching
sight of herself in the mirror that ran from
floor to ceiling in one corner. “ Why, I
haven’t taken off my coat,” she said, the
color rising in her cheeks; “ and—oh, I am
afraid Miss Letherby will think me too
informal altogether,” she confided to Anita
across Tony’s broad chest. “ I only have
riding clothes underneath this.”

  She touched the coat of covert cloth that
buttoned smartly to her throat.

  “ No, indeed,” said Miss Ferndale kindly.
“ Miss Letherby is too happy to have you
here. Let us drop the coat here in the
hall. Simmons!”

  A young footman came forward and took
the coat. Robin stood revealed in a fawn-
colored habit that spoke eloquently of the
West. The coat came down to her knees,
and the smartly cut breeches fastened below
it around the slender, rounded knees. Rid-
ing boots that were ridiculously small cov-

    2	Ahgosy

ered the dainty feet and ankles, and little
golden spurs clinked as she moved.

  It was not an Eastern riding outfit, but
it was an Eastern tailor’s dream of what a
Western habit should be, Anita’s trained
eyes saw. And it was perfect; no need for
Robin to apologize for her apparel. She
seemed, in her slim, feminine boyishness,
to have been poured into the clothes she
wore, and as she moved toward the dining-
room her grace struck Mi£s Ferndale dumb.

  How many New York girls could have
appeared in such attire without being con-
scious of it, she wondered. She was a young
Diana, without Diana’s sternness.

  At the door to the dining-room, however,
she paused again. “ Oh, please, when I
have done everything else stupid, I’ve one
more to add to my list. I’ve left something
—something really important, in the pocket
of my coat. If the footman feels it he will
b: scared; may I—”

  “ Let me get it for you,” said Tony
eagerly.

  “ Thanks; in the right-hand pocket; you
won’t miss it.” She waved Anita on into
the dining-room with an airy gesture, and
waited for Tony with thinly veiled amuse-
ment. Then her sight was caught and held
by something that was happening in the
back hall. She could see it all in the mirror.

  A grip—old and wrinkled and worn—was
being taken up the back stairs on the top
of a trunk, a little hand-made trunk with
something familiar about it. The man hold-
ing the back end stopped a moment to
adjust his hold and, turning slightly, dis-
played the initials painted in primitive
fashion on the end:

S. T. R.

                                              \

  Robin read. Impulsively she ran forward
and spoke to the servants in an authorita-
tive tone.

  “Whose trunk is that?” she said im-
periously.

  One of the men laughed. “ It don’t be-
long to no one, miss; it’s a new buy of Miss
Letherby’s, that’s all; she’ve a fancy for
old junk sometimes.”

  He hoisted the trunk again, displaying
the three letters to her closer, sight as he
did so. Robinetta nodded and turned away,
THE ARGOSY.

all the gaiety gone from her eyes, though
she forced her lips into a smile as she saw
Tony Fane standing, waiting. In his hand
was a small automatic pistol. With a mur-
mured word of thanks Robinetta took it
from him and slipped it into her pocket.

  “ It’s loaded!” said Tony, as if he could
not help the comment.

  Robinetta’s clear eyes met his. Was it
fancy, or did he see a troubled mist back
of their seriousness? He could not be sure.
But all through dinner her reply echoed
in hfs consciousness, giving a thrill of added
adventure to the adventure of falling in love
with another beautiful girl.

  “ It has to be!” she said.

CHAPTER VI.

ROBIN THE RECKLESS.

rVWID CORTLAND had an appoint-
ment that took him away from Ara-
minta’s side shortly after nine o’clock. Tony
had promised him to see Robinetta home,
but the girl turned to him, laughing.

  “ I can drop you anywhere you wish, Mr,
Fane; I have the car, and shall be glad to,
but I’m quite capable of going home alone.”
“ My dear!” said Miss Letherby, her fine
brows raised in amazement, “ you couldn’t
drive yourself, alone at night in New York.”
“ But of course—said Robinetta com-
posedly.

  Araminta shuddered. “ You might be
sandbagged; murdered; anything,” she ex-
claimed. “ I should be scared to death.”
She gave an unmistakable shudder.

  Tony was looking at Robinetta—he had
done little else the whole evening—and he
saw an expression of amazed inquiry come
into Robin’s face. “ But I thought—David
told me you were a Western girl,” she ex-
claimed. “ After the prairies, what is there
to be afraid of in the city? An old man I
used to know told me there was nothing in
the world big enough to be afraid of, and
he guessed there was nothing outside of it,
either. He was a very wise old man; he’d
seen a lot of life; he’d been a convict.”

  “ Good gracious, how did you ever meet
him?” Miss Ferndale said.

  Robinetta considered. “ I think it was

at a chicken supper at the church,” she said,
and smiled at the laughter following the
announcement. “ He was a very good old
man, too, and quite religious. Those things
don’t always go together, of course, but
they did with old Scart.”

  Her eyes were upon Araminta as she said
the name, and the most beautiful woman
in New York raised a white hand and care-
fully covered a yawn. “ My dear,” she
said, “ you really mustn’t talk about persons
of that kind in the city. People won’t
understand.”

  “ Oh, as to that,” Robinetta chuckled, “ I
think they would. You see. Scart was very
rich. He could have come into New York
any day and broken up a few millionaires.
He made all his money after he left Sing
Sing. People here would have said that
he was quaint, after they knew how much
money he had.”

  She faced Araminta roguishly, laughing
at her own cynicism.

  “ I was at school in the East, Miss
Letherby; I understand more than you
think.”

  “I’ve forgotten where you were edu-
cated,” said Araminta. There was a gleam
of malice in her eyes. Like most beauties,
she did not care to see a younger and less
lovely woman win admiration that she had
enjoyed. Robinetta was interesting to her
because she was David’s sister; but now
that David had gone, she did not relish
seeing Tony Fane worshiping at her feet.

  It had been a nice game to flirt with
him; it was always worth while, because it
made the other women so wild. Tony was
the wealthiest and most attractive bachelor
in town.

  She was not without forethought when
she asked this question. Tony was demo-
cratic, but he could make distinctions. He
must know that this girl was quite impossi-
ble, in his heart of hearts. To hear that she
had been educated in a little two-by-four
school would cure him of his infatuation
for her absurd naturalness.

  “ Did David tell you?” asked Robinetta,
surprised. “ I was at Miss Selden’s, of
course.”

  Anita Ferndale made a sudden coughing
sound and buried her face in her handker-
SEVEN MINUTES AFTER.

179

chief. Araminta had been unable to conceal
her surprise, and the situation was amusing.
Miss Selden’s Seminary was the most exclu-
sive school in New York. Araminta herself
had never graced its doors. Probably Miss
Selden would not have considered her appli-
cation, despite her beauty and wealth. So
many things had to be taken into considera-
tion before one was admitted to that edu-
cational holy of holies.

  She sat up, eying Robinetta with a new
respect. However simple and outspoken
this girl seemed, she must be all right, since
she had been a pupil at Miss Selden’s.

  “ And you were all alone there for years,”
she said, “ while your brother was in
Europe?”

  Conflicting emotions showed in Miss
Cortland’s vivid little face. She dropped
the sprightliness that she had shown since
David’s departure and allowed her real
mood to emerge.

  “ Yes,” she said, “ if you can ever be
alone in a girl’s school. You see, I had
lost my father, and David ha^ gone off to
seek vengeance. It was terrible at first.”

  Miss Ferndale drew her chair a little
nearer. Tony wished she wouldn’t: some-
how this seemed to him a time that they
three—Robin, Araminta, in her unexpect-
edly sympathetic mood, and himself—might
have had without the addition of the secre-
tary. He saw tears in Robinetta’s eyes,
held back steadily by force of will.

  “ You remember, Tony ’’—she called him
by the name David always used without
appearing to notice that she was doing it—
“ how hard David took father’s death. He
—Miss Letherby, he was commissioner here,
head of the best and most efficient police
force New York ever had, they say; he
was ousted from office and killed—killed
by what they said about him.

  “ Some one was responsible for his dis-
grace in the eyes of the world, and David
went away, vowing to find out and punish
him, whoever it was. It couldn’t have been
more than one or two men at the most;
David suspected one. He left me in board-
ing-school; he thought I was too young to
knowSmuch about it, but—at night I used
to think and think. You see, David didn’t
send me many letters.”

   She lifted her eyes, still tear-filled, with a
pathetic appeal the more pathetic in that it
was unconscious—for understanding.

  “ Of course I was very little,” she said,
“ but I vowed vengeance, too. I used to
spend all my holidays out at Shepherd, in
Idaho, roaming over the hills and learning
things from all kinds of people. A Mexi-
can greaser taught me how to use a stiletto;
a few of our own cowboys taught me how
to rope and throw a lariat. I can shoot
like a man, through my pocket. If ever I
meet the hypocrite and thief who broke
papa’s heart, I know what to do to him.”

  “ I think you’re wonderful,” said Tony.
“ Isn’t she.” Araminta’s white hand
caught and held the little cold one that had
clenched with the vigor of its owner’s
speech. “ But now, little girl, you mustn’t
spend your time thinking thoughts like
these. You’re due for a happy time, laugh-
ter and gaiety; love, perhaps; all the things
we women crave. I am stupid; I can’t
express my thoughts very well, but I know
that you can gain more by being womanly
and sweet and gentle than by using—a gun.
Can’t she, Anita?”

  “ I don’t, exactly, know,” Miss Ferndale'
said. “ I’d rather shoot my enemy than
scheme and cajole to catch him.”

  “ But I was forgetting about the enemy;
Miss Cortland must do the same if she can.”
Araminta’s eyes sought Tony’s. “ So young
and lovely, and all this bottled up inside
the pretty head.”

  “ By Jove! you know, I think Miss Leth-
erby’s right,” said Tony Fane. He looked
deep into the gray eyes that had recently
been full of tears. They were hopeless with
grief for a flash, then blazing with fire into
his. And suddenly this girl of many moods,
Western, Eastern, whatever she called her-
self, but different—different a thousand
times from any girl he had ever met, smiled
at him softly.

  “You advise me to forget—this?” she
said.

  There on her palm lay that little auto-
matic. Araminta drew a long breath.
Anita Ferndale uttered a sharp exclamation,
and bent over, looking at it. “ Loaded?”
she asked.

  “ Loaded? Always! ” Robinetta affirmed.
180

THE ARGOSY.

Her slender, brown hand closed over it, and,
rising with a little swaggeriag effect of
throwing off a weight, she dropped the
revolver in her pocket again and laughed
gaily.

  “ It’s getting awfully late,” she said, “ for
a girl who was up at six o’clock, and I’ve
talked more than I ever do. Thank you so
much, Miss Letherby, for letting me, and
for—everything. Now, if Mr. Fane is going
to. see me home—” she flashed a smile at
him.

  But out in the street she seemed a differ-
ent person; she was grave, absorbed. It
was dark, and across in the park the
shadows were deeply purple, except where
the lamps threw long arms of light into the
depths. Behind them the big house that
Miss Letherby’s uncle had left -her was
darkened suddenly.

  Tony had the feeling of being all alone
in the world with Robin Cortland. The
roar of New York came to them muffled,
subdued.

  “ I wish,” said Tony quietly, “ that you
were going to ride with me in the blue
devil.”

  The girl looked at him steadily. “ Per-
haps I am,” she said, in a voice that trem-
bled a little. “ Tony, I have to trust you;
there is no one else; I left too little time to
change my plans. While we were in there
some one tampered with this car. I can’t
get her to start. Is there any way that I
can get to the Golden Trust Company,
quietly and without a fuss by eleven? Be
careful; speak quietly; we may be watched
from the house; the lights are out; see.”

  Tony’s nerves steadied themselves. He
was as cool as this girl from the West as
he answered:

  “ Yes, of course; but arc you sure about
your car; isn’t there something I can do?
I’m a pretty fair mechanic.”

  “No; I’m sure. I half suspected it, at
the last. But we’ve got to see that they
know we don’t use it. Will you go back
to Miss Letherby’s and have one of the
men come and watch the car until we can
send for it? Miss Letherby hasn’t a garage
on the place. And will you say, please that
you are taking me right back to the hotel
through the park. It’s a glorious night

for a walk; that ought to be sufficient rea-
son.”

  “ I think you’d better come with me; I
can lie if I have to, but I’m afraid of slip-
ping up on this. I’m with you heart and
soul, but I haven’t much of a brain-piece,
don’t you know; I’m better at action. It
is all a bit bewildering, Miss Robin, but
you can trust me—to the death.”

  “ All right,” said the girl. She walked
beside him to the great front door, her
slender figure erect and graceful, and
laughed and chatted with him for the mo-
ment before the door swung back at their
ring. A surprised-looking man-servant
opened the door.

  “ It’s Mr. Fane, Roberts,” Tony said.

“ I want one of you men to go out there and
keep an eye on Miss Cortland’s car. Some-
thing is wrong with it again; she had trouble
earlier in the day. It isn’t necessary to dis-
turb Miss Letherby. We are going to walk
back to the hotel through the park, and I
will send some one to tow it into the
garage.” He turned to Robinetta. “ How
long will it take you to walk?” he asked.

   She laughed. “ It’s right across from the '
park, isn’t it? About ten minutes, then;
really, it isn’t necessary for any one to
watch the car, it has been out in the street
all evening.”

  “ But it’s late now,” said Tony; “ ten
thirty, anyhow. You never know what
crooks may come by. Perhaps some me-
chanical genius could make that car run,
after all; far enough to steal it, anyhow.”
Laughing, they nodded at the man who
followed them down to the car, and made
off at a rapid pace along the street. As
they turned the corner Robin said quietly:

“ Splendid; now, is there any chance of a
taxi?”

  “ We might have to wait,” said Tony,
“ they don’t run much here so far up the
avenue. I thought I could get a friend of
mine to lend me his runabout; it won’t
take a minute; he lives right here.”

   “ I’ll wait,” said Robin briefly. It seemed
the only thing to do. Time was of moment;
Robin could not accompany him to young
Pedley’s home at this hour of the night
while he asked for the loan qf a motor-car.
It was not until Tony had rung the bell
SEVEN MINUTES AFTER.

181

that he remembered that the man he was
going to see must have received one of the
letters from the Scarlet Rider. This is, if
David’s surmise had been true. He dis-
missed the remembrance hurriedly, wonder-
ing what had brought it to his mind. Ah!
Robin had spoken of the Golden Trust
Building. Suddenly a light flashed on his
consciousness. Eleven o’clock — Golden
Trust—this must have something to do with
the letter.

  “ Tom, old man,” he said breathlessly,
announcing himself to his astonished friend
the. moment after'the door opened, “ had a
breakdown; important appointment, and all
that. Can I borrow your runabout?”

  “ Surest thing you know,” said Tom Ped-
ley; “ I’ll send James out to the garage
now. Have a cigar, won’t you?”

  “ Nothing, thanks,” Tony'called over his
shoulder, following the amazed man-servant
along the hall to the back entrance, and
nearly falling over him in his haste. “ See
you in the morning, old top; so long.”
Robin climbed into her seat beside him
without a word. For a moment Tony al-
lowed himself the bliss of tooling the car
along the broad, perfectly kept stretch of
avenue with this, wonderful girl at his side.
Then he bent toward her, speaking quietly.

  “ Robin, you said something about trust-
ing me. Do you want to talk?”

  “ I must,” the girl s^id in a low, dis-
tressed voice. “ But first, I want to ask
you a question. I was all strung up, I may
have imagined it, but back there, when I
was talking, did you or did you not see
Araminta look frightened?”

  “ Yes,” he said quietly, “ when you
showed her that automatic. And once be-
fore, I think, when you were talking about
that old convict. I thought it was because
she—well—was annoyed at hearing a man
of that kind mentioned in her home. Ara-
minta always was a bit of a snob, you know;
but thinking it over I’m pretty sure it was
fright, not disgust.”

  Robin drew a long breath of relief.
“ That makes it certain; thanks.”

  “ I know I’m butting in.” Tony waited
a minute, trying to focus his ideas. “ But
the fact is, there’s a chance of you making1
a mistake. I see, of course, that for some

reason you are suspecting Araminta Lether-
by of something—something that you think
is serious, anyhow. ' Still, you only met her
to-night, didn’t you, and I’ve known her a
long time. Araminta is all kinds of a fraud
in her affectation of refinement and delicacy,
but she’s really only a beautiful doll, you
know; she couldn’t plot and scheme if she
tried. Honest, I think you’ve gone off on.
the wrong track, there.”

  “ It’s like you to tell nlte; just what you
would have done when we were playing
together out at Shepherd, all of us, but,
Tony, I’m making no mistake. I met Miss
Letherby for the first time to-night, actu-
ally, yes, but I’ve known about her for a
long time. Araminta Letherby isn’t one
bit stupid; she’s a very clever and danger-
ous person. Think, how could she grow
stupid all at once? Wasn’t she awfully
shrewd and clever when she was Minta
Crane, that little ragged girl out West?”

  “ You can’t remember her, though; you
were just a baby.”

  “ You all thought so; it used to make me
wild. But I was seven; I hated and feared
Minta. I had reason; oh, won’t you believe
at least that I have reason now for what I
am saying?” Her voice broke in a little,
pathetic appeal.

  “ I’d believe you if you told me the moon
was made of cheese,” the young man an-
swered, without intending to be ridiculous.

  But quickly Robinetta’s clear laugh rang
out, “ Thank you,” she chuckled, “ excuse
me, but really, you’re awfully funny.”

  “ I’m glad you find me so,” said Tony
stiffly.

  He looked straight ahead, unable to hide
his annoyance. He had put his heart into
his words, and told himself grimly that it
was his own fault for using the first that
came to hand. But in the midst of a Serious
conversation with a young lady to whom
you had vowed fealty in your heart—to
have her laugh at your expression Of it—
Tony was not used to being laughed at by
women.

  He set his eyes steadily on the hotel
lights, now drawing very near. When Robin
glanced up at his face she saw that his
profile was cold and set. Timidly, she
touched his arm.
182

THE ARGOSY.

  “ Mr. Fane, you’re going to help me?”
“ Certainly,” said Tony, melting inward-
ly, although his voice was crisply business-
like.

  “ Then, please listen. It is twenty min-
utes to eleven now. I must go into the
hotel and up to my rooms. Araminta will
telephone, I am sure, to make certain that
I am there. You go to the garage and
send a man back for my car, then meet me
at the side entrance in ten minutes. What-
ever happens, I must be at the Golden
Trust at eleven. That will leave time, won’t
it?”

  “ Plenty; we ought to make it in five.”

  “ Then good-by, Mr. Fane, and thank
you.” The girl held out her hand as she
stepped from the car almost before it drew
up at the hotel entrance, and ran lightly
up the steps and into the lobby. It did
not take her an instant to reach the ele-
vators, and her smile at the starter made
him send her up rapidly in an empty car.
She burst into her "bedroom just as the
telephone rang.

   “ Answer it, Ellen,” she said to her maid.
“ I’ll talk to any one.”

  In another moment she took the receiver
the woman laid down.

  “ Yes, Miss Letherby,” she said, “ just
got in. I’m certainly sorry we have dis-
turbed you; Mr. Fane told the man not to
tell you anything about it. No, I couldn’t
say; he went to the hotel garage to send
,a man back for the car. No, I don’t care,
it’s only a hired one, anyway. I had to
have something to drive; guess I’ll buy
myself one to-morrow. Thank you so much
for calling; good night.”

  Robin replaced the receiver gently and
then faced her maid like a whirlwind.
“ Ellen, Miss Letherby will call again, I
fancy, in a few minutes. I’m going out.
But she mustn’t know that. Pretend I’m in
the bathtub, and after a minute I’ll come
to the telephone—in your person, of course
—and explain that. Giggle and laugh into
the phone just as I do sometimes. Say
you’re going to take a beauty steep and have
a massage; be sure and make it plain that
you are undressed and going to stay right
here. I think you can put that over, can’t
you?”

  The woman eyed her soberly. “ I think
so, Miss Robin, but I hope you aren’t
running into any danger, miss?”.

  “ No, I don’t think so, Elleri, you dear
old thing. It is to help—some one in des-
perate trouble; anyway, against that, dan-
ger doesn’t count. But if—if I don’t come
back in an hour or two at the most, tell
Mr. David that the key to all is a trunk
with ‘ S. T. R.’ on it. He can trace that
up all right, and they won’t really harm
me, I’m sure of that."

  Like a laughing shadow she was gone.
Ellen heard the descending elevator carry-
ing her away, and sighed. Then she hur-
ried to the window, and, raising the shade,
looked out. Only the darkness of the park
was visible, with here and there a gleaming
light of an automobile flew through the
gloom.

  Raising the window, she listened to Jhe
roar of the city, frowningly. Who knew
what dangers adventurous, dare-devil Rob-
inetta Cortland was about to face in this
strange place?

  It was darker in the street near the ladies’
entrance. Tony did not see Robin until she
stood close beside him. She settled down
in her seat, nodding at him to proceed.
Out of the dinginess of Sixth Avenue they
sped into the splendor of Fifth. The traffic
was-small, for the theaters had not yet dis-
gorged their crowds. Robin nestled back
in her seat with a sigh of content.

  “ If it must be a city,” she said, “ then
let me see Fifth Avenue.” And, replying to
Tony’s laugh: “ Mr. Fane, will you wait for
me round the corner from the Golden
Trust? I must walk alone past the clock,
there, at exactly eleven. I’m afraid—if
we were together—we might frighten off
that poor Scarlet Rider.”

  “ So it was—that?” Tony said.

  She nodded. “ Yes; why you and David
should have jumped to the conclusion that
it was eleven in the morning, I cannot
think. For a man harried by the police,
and just out of prison, think what a relief
it must be to do anything at night, in the
dark. But he never thought, naturally, how
he was courting disaster by sending out ail
those letters at once, with a whole day in-
tervening. Oh ”—a sharp edge of anxiety
SEVEN MINUTES AFTER.

183

was on her voice—how I hope we put
them off, back there, that Araminta thinks
I am in the hotel.”

  “ You don’t mean—” said Tony incredu-
lously.

  Robin shivered. “ But I do; that and a
great deal more. David doesn’t dream, he
hasn’t an idea except her beauty. I saw
that to-night. And when I got to the house
I knew no more than you do, except that I
had made up my mind to be at the Golden
Trust at eleven. But before dinner, some-
thing happened—I knew then that there,
was a plot to prevent the poor fellow from
getting away. I don’t pretend to know
what it is—but anything that Araminta
Letherby has her hand in is always—inter-
esting.” She gave a faint smile.

  “ David ought to be here,” said Tony
uncomfortably, “ he will blame me, if you
get into danger.”

   “ He’s off on a still hunt, himself, some-
thing to do with that letter, I’m sure. We
may find him there before us. You see,
he’s half in love with Miss Letherby, and
he wouldn’t have left her house early, other-
wise. But as for blaming you—that was
what you meant, wasn’t it?—I am perfect-
ly responsible for myself, and he certainly
knows it.

   “ Tony, let’s draw up over there, close
to that hotel. Then if I find that any one
is watching us, and I’m pretty sure they
will be watching the clock at the Golden
Trust, I can help that poor fellow escape
into the hotel, perhaps.”

   Silently, Tony did as she asked. He gave
one look at the slender, beautiful little fig-
ure standing on the sidewalk, and inwardly
he was consumed by fear.

   “ Miss Cortland,” he begged, “ let me go
instead of you? I have the right; that poor
chap wrote to me, I—”

  Robin smiled into his eyes with her
steady gray ones.

  “ But you see,” she explained, “ he
knows me; that makes a difference.”

   And swiftly, she turned the corner in the
direction of the Golden Trust.

  Her destination was only a few doors
away, but on the other side of the street.
An automobile going at top speed dashed

over the crossing, delaying her for a sec-
ond, Robin, with her heart beating loudly,
saw a tall figure with a queer, loping gait
pass toward the Golden Trust on the other
side of the street, and take up his stand
beneath the clock. In the distance she
heard chimes; somewhere a church clock
was striking the hour.

  She walked quietly up to the man who
waited, and spoke softly:

  “ Scarlett, I am Robinetta Cortland, from
Shepherd. We had your letter, my brother
and I; please come home with me.”

  Something much like a sob answered her.
The man whom she addressed caught her
hand and wrung it until she could have
screamed with the pain. She looked up into
the long, lean, handsome face she remem-
bered, laughing.

  “ Scarlett, aren’t you ashamed of your-
self,” she said, “ hiding away from your old
friends like this? Why, we were all so
anxious to help you, and you had to sign
a name like that! What did you mean
by using the name of Scarlet Rider, instead
of Scarlett T. Rider, I should like to
know?”

  They were walking, as she talked, toward
the corner where Tony waited out of sight.
No one seemd to be watching, but she was
taking no chances. Scarlett replied to her
eagerly:

  “ Why, Miss Cortland, I knewed it ’ud
take in nobody that knowed me; not you
folkses, nor Mr. Fane; while if the police
got a hand on/ it, see he looked at her,
secure of understanding.

  “ But you were wrong, Scarlett; I was the
only one who got ‘ onto ’ it. Mr. Fane and
my brother knew nothing of whom it could
be. Perhaps that’s because they haven’t
been back home for a long time, either of
them. I’ve kept in touch more. Both the
boys looked for you this morning, you
know.”

  “ Gee! Is that the truth now?” Scarlett
stood still and looked back at the clock.

“ I never gave a thought to that. Didn’t I
say eleven o’clock at night in my letter,
Miss Cortland? I would no more ’a’ dared
to come out in the daytime, not on a thing
like that, th:.n nothin’. And, believe me,

I was some fiustrated when I sawed that I
184

THE ARGOSY.

were late to-night. Gosh! thinks I, none
of the folkses will ’a’ waited. I don’t know
how it happened, neither, fur my watch said
one minute of eleven when I crossed the
street.”

  “ What do you mean?” said Robin sharp-
ly. “ You were on time all right, Scarlett.”
She lifted her arm, and beneath the light
of a street lamp bent to see the dial of
her wrist-watch. “ It is only two minutes
past the hour now, and you promised to

wait until five minutes past, you remember
that?”

  “ Sure; but that clock back there said
seven minutes after.”

  There are impressions that are more
vivid than any words. They crowd on the
consciousness faster than explanations.
Robin needed no further words. She tugged
at Scarlett’s arm. “Just a minute,” she
said, “ let’s go back and make sure. It
may be important.”

(To be continued NEXT WEEK.)

\troivder

D\

 . Jh&R roiy

Merriam Rouse

'J'

rEANNE! My Jeanne! They are try-
ing to kill you! ” Etienne Dubois held
out trembling hands to the girl—hands
that trembled as his whole body trem-
bled beneath its earth-stained shirt and
woolen trousers of a quarry workman.
“ Better to marry any man rather than
Jacques Bolduc, who is as hard as a steel
drill and as pitiless!”

  The lips of Jeanne Patry moved, but he
could not hear the ghosts of words that
came. Looking into her widened eyes he
knew that a fear as great as his own pos-
sessed her; he read it there in the gray
depths out of which had welled so many
smiles for him, so many smiles that had
spoken love even before the words had been
said by her lips.

  They stood together in the shelter of
some trees on the plateau that overlooks the
little village of Visitation. Below them the
blue and silver St. Lawrence went out to sea
and above, in the distance, the misty Lau-

rentians were banked against the sky. A
few stolen, dangerous moments at the end
of his day’s work was all that Dubois had of
Jeanne, now that her family looked coldly
upon him; and this meeting had brought the
news that a marriage was planned between
her and the quarry boss, Jacques Bolduc.

  She took the shaking hands held out to
her, swayed toward him a moment, and then
held herself erect. Something of determina-
tion struggled with the fear that had nearly
mastered her.

  “ I will do all that I have strength to
do,” she said, “ but they bear me down—
they are all against me. He has money, he
will own a quarry, they say, and—”

  “Mon Dieu!” interrupted Etienne.
“ They count love nothing! Because I am
a workman they commit this sacrilege!”
Jeanne broke away from the grasp of his
tight fingers and covered her face. He tried
to take her in his arms but she held him off
gently, with a palm against his breast.
STRONGER THAN IRON.

185

  “ I must not, my Etienne! If I am
forced to this marriage I must go to it as I
would go to you! But pray, and I will
pray!”

   “ You will not be! ” he cried, with a sud-
den stiffness in his slender but well muscled
body. “ I’ll take you away—we’ll elope!”
A swift, brightness swept into her face as
she lifted it; to be half obliterated imme-
diately by doubt. After all she was hardly
yet a woman, thought Dubois. Ctfuld he
raise her to his fierce rebellion? To his
defiance of the customs of their people and
the opinion of the parish?

   “ Would it be right, Etienne?”

   “ More right than for you to marry with-
out love! ”

   “ Eh bien!” Her eyes searched the deli-
cate clouds of the horizon as though for
wisdom. “I will ask le bon Dieu about
that and we will talk about it to-morrow.”
She touched his hand with a movement
light as air and walked swiftly away, toward
the road that went twisting down to the vil-
lage. He watched until her black head dis-
appeared over the edge of the cliff.

   But there was no to-morrow for Etienne
Dubois—no to-morrow for his hope or his
happiness. The next evening at sunset
Jeanne was not there, nor any evening after
that for a week. She was not seen in the
streets of the village and none of the frantic,
although discreet, efforts that he made to
learn something of her availed. Only an
indefinable gleam in the eyes of Jacques
Bolduc gave any message to Dubois—and
that he could not read.

   Mile Jeanne Patry was seen again by the
people of Visitation at the end of the week
when she rode to the church to be married
to Bolduc. The hard, unalterable fact that
she came out of that sacred place bound
to Jacques Bolduc until death, struck
Etienne as simply and as horribly as though
one of the rocks that he handled every day
had risen up of its own volition and crushed
him. He noted the absence of the boss at
the quarry, heard rumors, and was in time
to see her bent head as she stepped into a
carriage—Mme, Bolduc.

   Without coat or hat or so much as a piece
of cold pork in his pocket Dubois set out for
the shelter of the mountains, driven by an

instinct that made him hide the utter misery
of his grief even from his own family. He
went on that night until he fell—to get up
again and go on, when a sudden madness of
rage against fate gave him the strength;
Through the night and the day following he
walked and fell, prayed and cursed, and
shook his fists at the world.

   It was late the third day when he entered
his own house. But when he did go back
his head was held erect* his gaze met the
questioning glances of his people without
faltering, and the only weakness that was in
him was that of the body. He had put the
thought of Jeanne far away; he kept it
within his mental vision still, but it was like
a gleaming white shrine, seen across inter-
minable fields.

  So he moved through life for weeks;
grave and self-possessed and immeasurably
older than the boy who had gone into the
mountains. Each day he met a flash of tri-
umph in the face of Jacques Bolduc; and
each day he looked calmly on that broad,
square-jawed countenance with indifference!

  He had gone into the mountains hating
Bolduc—now he pitied him. The foreman
was now good natured-enough, but he drove
—drove the men to a greater production of
the quarried stone of Visitation and thus
drove on toward the success which he now
boasted would be his. He meant to be-
come an owner within a year.

  Not until well toward the end of that
summer did Etienne again meet Jeanne face
to face. It happened without warning, when
he turned a corner on his way home from
work. He was very tired; and this was the
great test of his power over himself, the test
that he had been dreading and trying to
prepare for.

  Her eyes flashed up from the boards of
the narrow sidewalk and met his squarely.
For a second they looked at each other,
within an arm’s length, and read what had
been written in eye and face. Then they
went on, without speaking, and Dubois
found himself walking very straight. Now,
indeed, w&$ he sure that he was master of
himself.

  He was certain of this notwithstanding
what he had seen in the eyes of Jeanne Bol-
duc. Deeper than any pain or surprise that
186

THE ARGOSY.

she might have felt at the sight of him was
the impress of horror—such a look as one
might wear after having touched something
unclean.

  Etienne Dubois knew what that look of
horror meant; he had read the too-full lips
and the narrow eyes of Buldoc when first
they met. He knew. And as his imagina-
tion took hold of his knowledge and turned
it over and showed him the infinite misery
of the thing he knew, his soul again wrent
down into the deep places.

  This time he was obsessed with the de-
sire to kill. He pictured his fingers sinking
into the throat of the foreman—pictured his
boots beating against the hated face.

  But even as those days and nights in the
mountains had brought him back to his
normal life—brought him back and given
him strength to meet Jeanne face to face
once more—so now the thing that had been
done to him asserted itself. When dawn
came, haggard and gray as the look with
which he met it, he was able to put the
tragedy outside of himself. He could be
calm. He could swing the hammer and
hold a drill and gaze into the eyes of Bolduc
without breaking. -

  It was something almost like peace that
filled him with self-confidence as he went to
work that day; something akin to peace and
victory that had given him a new semblance
to the eye of the beholder—as though a
kindly hand had wiped away from his face
the ravages of his passions and remolded it
with a gentle touch. It was like this that
he met Bolduc, just after the whistle blew.

  Triumph had filtered away from the fore-
man. Etienne did not know whether this
had happened overnight or whether he him-
self had just that day been given eyes to
see. However that might be, he was as sure
of the lack of triumph as he was of the
hatred that seemed to come like a hot, sick-
ening wave from Bolduc.

  Before that day was ended the intuition
of Dubois was proven sound. He had
come out from behind an angle of rock after
a blast when hobnails grated beside him and
he turned to find Jacques Bolduc so close to
him that their arms almost touched,

  “I’m going to give her a grave to think
about instead of a man!”

  The words were spoken in a tone so low
that they barely carried to the ear of Du-
bois, but in them Was all the ferocity of
which the tremendous will of the boss was
capable, Etienne halted and looked into
his enemy’s eyes almost with indifference,
and yet with readiness to protect himself.
He looked steadily until Bolduc decided to
go on.

  Now, Dubois knew definitely that he
had to guard his life every hoifr of every
day, for it was inevitable that sooner or
later some accident of the work they did
would give the boss a chance to bring about
his death with the appearance of innocence.
He had speculated as to whether'Bolduc
might develop such a hatred for him and he
was glad of the warning.

  But the cause? How did Jacques know
she was thinking of him? Or was it imagi-
nation? He had no way of telling.

  Nor were they to be answered for a long
time, to Dubois. After the threat weeks
and months passed uneventfully for him and
spring came again to Visitation. The vil-
lage, with the intimacy of a French-Cana-
dian hamlet, had settled to the conviction
that Jeanne Bolduc was unhappy, that her
husband was getting richer every day, and
that Etienne Dubois was a fine fellow'.

  Dubois went to work again in the quarry
as soon as the melting of the snow permitted
it to open, but he had begun to wonder
whether it would not be well to change his
occupation. The malignity of the now all-
powerful Bolduc cut him off from hope of
rising above the grade of workmen and the
constant strain of guarding himself had be-
gun to tell. But before the slow moving
life of the country would permit him to put
this thought into action the consummation
of Bolduc’s hatred came.

  Seven charges had been fired almost to-
gether. The whole great pit of the quarry,
which was shaped as though a giant’s por-
ride spoon had scraped a hole in the earth’s
surface, was filled with smoke and the clat-
ter of still bounding fragments as the men
came out from their hiding places. As
usual the foreman was in the lead of the
scattered groups and this time it happened
that Etienne was within a few feet of him.

  The force of the explosion had ripped off
STRONGER THAN IRON.

187

a layer from half the face of the cliff into
which they were boring and it had heaped
up the debris in a wilderness of strange
shapes. One mass of broken rock rose up
like a slovenly built wall; tiny slivers and
pieces as big as a man’s trunk had gone into
the making and it towered unsteadily fully
twenty feet high. Even as the smoke began
to clear it wavered and settled a little, with
a hint of complete collapse. Instinctively
the men halted, waiting for the crash.

  The crash did not come. Jacques Bolduc
turned his head slowly and his eyes fell
upon Etienne—they went to the pile of
jagged rocks again and back to the man he
hated. Suddenly he leaped to where a
couple of crowbars leaned against a neigh-
boring block of stone and seized one in each
hand.

   “ Here, Dubois!” he cried, holding out a
bar. “ Help me tip that pile over! You
others stand clear! ”

  Mechanically Etienne took the bar and
went forward with the boss, but even as he
did so he realized that he had read purpose
in the glance of Bolduc. Should he turn
back? Not that—the others would call him
a coward. His fingers took a tighter hold
upon the iron. He would see it through—
Jacques could not harm him now that he
was forewarned.

  “ Loosen that big chunk in the middle—
at the bottom!” ordered Bolduc. “ That’s
the keystone. I’ll work at the ends so that
it’ll all go together! ”

  Dubois scrambled to the big stone to
which the foreman had pointed and labored
to get the point of his bar under one comer
of it. He heard shouts of warning from the
other men and he knew that they realized
his apparent danger; but-he knew also that
the rock upon which he was spending his
strength uselessly would have little or noth-
ing to do with the fall of the mass above it.
He had not worked with stone all his life
without profiting in knowledge of its ways
and he knew, as well as Bolduc knew, that
this particular fantastic pile would collapse
under leverage from the rear. The weight
leaned forward, and the place in which
Etienne Dubois stood would be a place of
death.

  Nevertheless Dubois remained where he

was for the moment, grunting and making a
great pretense of labor. He heard the clink
of Bolduc’s bar at one end of the pile. Then
the sound ceased and at length from the op-
posite side, and above his head, came a
shout. “ Are you ready, Dubois? What’s
the matter with you?”

   “ Another minute!” he replied to the in-
visible voice. “ One minute more and I’ll
be ready to get out of the way.”

  With the words he dropped his bar and
leaped for his life, going cat-footed from
rock to rock in spite of thick shoes and a
strong desire to laugh. He reasoned thus:
Bolduc was ready to spring his trap and
had wanted to make sure that he was still
in front of the pile. An ominous grating
and the sound of falling fragments con-
firmed his belief—he knew as certainly as
though he had looked behind that the rocks
were teethering forward.

   Only a.t the corner where Bolduc had first
pretended to work did Etienne stop. There
he swung around, breathless, just as a cry
that was half shout, half groan, came from
the watchers. He saw tons of rock in a slow
movement that gained velocity each frac-
tion of a second—saw that Jacques Bolduc
had fallen and was being carried forward
with one leg twisted down into the grinding
wave of stone which would break in a mo-
ment with a shower of dust and splinters.

   Etienne gathered himself, hesitated, and
sprang straight up the side of the totering
prison of Bolduc. He had no hope either
for himself or the foreman until he had
actually laid hold upon the shirt of the
latter—and then, just as he began to think
that the long delayed crash would delay a
little longer, it came. He flung himself
backward as they fell, partially freeing
Jacques, and saw the world become a black-
ness shot with streaming fire.

  Etienne Dubois awoke in his own bed
with the face of an amateur nurse whom he
knew very well bending over him. She
called him “ un brave,” and told him to go
to sleep; which he promptly refused to do
without some idea of what had happened.
Thus he learned that he himself was sound,
except for some injuries about the face as to
which the nurse would not be explicit.

  The foreman? He lay at home very
188

THE ARGOSY.

badly injured and no one could say what
might happen. But that in any event M.
Dubois was the hero of the village. At which
information Etienne felt so much surprise
that he forgot to ask any more questions.

  But while Dubois was lying in compara-
tive comfort and with a feeling of rest that
he had not known for long Jacques Bolduc
dwelt in a deep, dark region of agony where
his first thought was bitterness and his first
hope that he had at least drawn Dubois to
a fate equaling his own. For he himself, as
he knew with his return to consciousness,
was a stricken man. It did not do any good
for his wife and the others to lie about it.

  So they told him at last, after days dur-
ing which he suffered countless bandagings
and proddings at the hands of doctor and
nurses. One of -his legs was too twisted
and broken by the rocks ever to be of any
use again. He could walk on crutches, of
course, after his other injuries had healed;
and he ought to thank God and Etienne Du-
bois that he was alive. If it had not been
for that backward pull at the hands of Du-
bois he would have been buried, literally,
under at least a ton’s weight.

  This was the bitterest of the medicine
that fate had placed upon his tongue—that
he should owe his life to his enemy. For
some latent, almost stifled element of mag-
nanimity stirred in him and told him that
his hand was forever restrained — never
again could it be lifted against Dubois. He
hated this restraint, this intangible some-
thing that balked his will; hated it all the
more because he knew that it was something
that the strength of his will could not over-
tome.

   The root of the matter lay in the fact that
his god had failed him: to the driving force
of will power he had given all homage, all
worship, and in return for the soul he had
placed upon that god’s altar he had been
given only half favors. He had driven his
way to affluence and he had won the body
and control of Jeanne—enough, he had
thought, at one time, to make him forever
satisfied. But greater things than these
had dripped, like water, through his thick-
fingered clutch.

  That long-past threat against Dubois had.
been made after Jeanne had cried “ Eti-

enne!” in her sleep—to awaken trembling
with uncontrolled sobs. Then Bolduc knew
that this woman in his possession was no
more his than the wind that drove against
his face. What the eye could see was his
to have and to hold, to beat and caress; but
the woman herself belonged to Etienne Du-
bois and no pounding of Bolduc’s will to
own her love could break that other bond.

  After that, for the first time, he caught
the look of horror which her £yes, un-
guarded, held for him. More—one day he
saw her gazing after the form of Etienne
and read what was written in her face. In
that moment was born an insane desire to
kill Dubois and to bind the woman. He
had tried to kill and the effort had struck
him down in such a manner that what good
still struggled for life within him forbade
another trial. As to binding what of Jeanne
was visible forever to him he was deter-
mined in purpose but uncertain as to means.

  Even good -French-Canadian women had
been known to err—to run away from their
husbands. He thought of this constantly;
permitting himself to degrade her in his
thoughts and in the very act of giving him-
self a thousandfold more mental agony. He
could not kill Etienne—he could not watch
his wife all the time. Oftentimes between
sleeping and waking strange ideas came to
him, at first to be put away and then grad-
ually to be entertained. Thus he lay and
brooded and held back his recovery so that
it was the end of summer before he was
able to walk down to the quarry, awkwardly
enough on his new crutches, but driven by
determination to look upon Dubois.

  He found Etienne and stood face to face
with him, grating out a few hard words of
thanks; hard by reason of the smile that
was on the lips of Dubois and harder still
because of the long, red, hideous scar that
ran, blotched and tinged with purple, from
brow to neck of the man who had saved
him. It spread over nearly all of the cheek.
Yet Dubois could smile, without malice or
contempt or any other emotion.

  Bolduc hated him more than ever, but he
knew that the man who held his wife’s heart
was safe—the last doubt of this passed from
his mind. Even if his hand lifted to strike
the sight of that scar would stay it. More-
STRONGER THAN IRON.

189

over, there was a quality in this steel-
hard, slender workman that awed him—
made him feel that Etienne was watching
over Jeanne and protecting her.

  That feeling of the watchfulness of Du-
bois followed Jacques Bolduc and annoyed
him.like a thousand devils; yet he managed
to attend to his affairs, and they prospered
as always. As the days went on, however,
less and less of his mind was given to the
quarry and to business, and more went to
turning over and over the problem of
Jeanne. It was, in essence, this: how to
conquer her? He thought of it constantly
and his face grew black and set.

  In her unguarded moments Jeanne’s eyes
now showed fear mingled with horror, and
this began to give Bolduc a curious kind of
satisfaction. Once or twice he found him-
self chuckling over it. He’d teach her where
the heart of a wife belonged! He did not
know just how at the time, but he’d be able
to beat this woman’s game sooner or later.

  One day, when he was in the tool-house
at the quarry, the idea came to him. In
looking, half indifferently, to the condi-
tion of the drills his hand came in contact
with a light bar of iron such as is used
about a forge. His fingers closed around
it. Two or three feet long and reasonably
stout—it would bend a little under sufficient
pressure, but it would not break. Not to
the touch of unaided human strength. Into
the twisted channels of his mind came an
analogy between the metal and his will. He
was iron! They could not break him!

  He set a hand to each end of the bar and
bent it half double. Behold! It was not
broken! And the picture of what he would
do to hold his wife forever came to him as
clearly in all its details as any conception
he had ever formed. He laughed so that
the sound filled the little building—and
went out with the bar swinging in his grasp.

  After that Bolduc was neither at his
house nor at the quarry through the after-
noons of an unbroken week. He had been
so erratic in his movements that no one ex-
cept his wife noticed that he disappeared
from the village. She saw that he went off
along the main highway, making good prog-
ress now that the autumn frosts had hard-
ened the ground, and believed that he was

walking for exercise, to clear his mind of the
miasmas which she had seen gathering there
As the week passed his looks were still dark
and he still kept his habit of laughing
silently to.himself, but she thought that the
relaxation had done him good and some of
her fear went away.

   She began to believe that he was going to
recover. Also she had more than once seen
Etienne Duboise following after Jacques,
keeping himself well out* of sight: and she
had the belief that Etienne was watching to
see that no harm came to her.

   In this double feeling of security she slept
with the depth of exhaustion on the night
that ended the week of her husband’s ap-
parent improvement—so soundly that when
she began to awake with a vague fear in her
heart and a sense of physical distress it took
what seemed an age to come back to con-
sciousness. At last her eyes opened and
her vision groped in the dimly-lighted bed-
room.

   She saw Jacques standing, fully dressed,
beside the bed; he leaned upon his crutches,
balancing himself with his thick arms hang-
ing loose and his fingers drawing in and out.
He laughed. She had heard such a laugh
once w'hen she visited the great asylum for
the insane at Mastai. She tried to spring
up, and found that bonds held her wrists
and ankles. She tried to scream, but there
was something bound into her mouth that
held her tongue down and choked her ut-
terance.

  Bolduc bent and flung her over his
shoulder, as he would have carried a sack of
flour, and passed a long leather strap under
his arm and over her body so that she would
not fall while his hands were attending to
the crutches. Then he stumped out of the
room and the house, and started purpose-
fully through the village. It was near dawn
—she knew that by the. feeling and the hint
in the sky—but Visitation had not yet
awakened and no help would come forth to
her from those dark and silent houses.
Where was Etienne, whose watchfulness she
had believed in? Surely he would come—
it must be that God would send him! She
closed her eyes and prayed; and mercifully
she went from prayer into temporary ob-
livion.
190

THE ARGOSY.

  This time she returned to physical suffer-
ing—and to the terror of what seemed at
first an impossible nightmare. But she
knew that it was real because of the chill
that struck through her and because of a
terrible strain that racked her body with a
pain greater than any she had felt before.

  The twisted, grinning face of Jacques
Bolduc was the central point of the night-
mare. He stood swaying on his crutches as
a caged animal sometimes, stands and sways
-—with the same loose-muscled power to
strike. Light from half a dozen candles re-
vealed also oozing rock walls to which clung
wet grass and clots of slime. Walls all
around, except for the hint of a gray open-
ing behind Jacques, and a roof of rock.
Dark pools, treacherous looking as to depth,
dotted the floor.

  She realized that she was neither standing
nor sitting nor lying down, and that the
almost unendurable pull came from her right
arm. She twisted her body and looked up.
Her wrist was clasped by a tight iron ring
that ran through the bolt set into the un-
even, sloping wall against which she lay.
She saw where a dark stream had run down
her naked arm from the ring, and dried.
With a whimper of cold and pain she set her
naked feet more firmly on the slippery floor
and nearly, but not quite, succeeded in
standing. The ring and bolt had been cun-
ningly placed.

  “I’ve got you now!” The laughter of
the maniac rang back and forth in the cav-
ern. He came nearer, chuckling; with his
mad eyes gloating close to hers. “ I’ve got
you now where you can’t look at Etienne
Dubois. You’re down in a cave at the edge
of the river—and nobody in the world but
me knows where it is! I’ve got you now
where you can’t run off! You’ll stay here
forever and ever, with the tide coming in up
to your feet and out again! I’ve got you
where you can’t get away!”

  His laughter rose to a screech. He
rocked with it, as a tree bends to strong
wind. His crutches slipped away unnoticed
and he stood perilously balanced on his
sound leg, with his glaring eyes upon her
and his mouth emitting those sounds of
hideous mirth.

  “I’ve got you now!” he shrieked. And

as the words left his lips he swayed toward
her—swayed until his body lost its equili-
brium and his foot slipped from its place on
the firm rock down into one of those still,
dark pools that were scattered over the bot-
tom of the cavern.

  He pitched forward, with arms outfhmg,
and his head struck on the edge of the pool
as he disappeared from the sight of Jeanne.
The black water heaved and settled again.
The ripples gradually died away. * The pool
became as still as it had been and there was
no sound in the cave but the occasional tiny
splash of a drop from the seeping walls.
Jacques Bolduc had left the world his will
had not been able to shape.

  The tide came in, creeping, and stopped
its welcome menace at her feet. The can-
dles that Jacques had set to light her suf-
ferings had burned to stumps. Toward him
now she had no feeling but forgiveness—-
she had little feeling of any kind save that
and her thirst for Etienne.

  Through the stillness a cry reverberated.
Jeanne heard her name in a voice she knew
as the one that spoke to her soul—the voice
of Etienne. She saw the yellow brightness
of a. lantern flinging back her shadows, and
summoned her life forces in a great effort, to
speak.

  “ The pools, Etienne!” she whispered, as
he bent over her. “ Jacques died in one of
them—take care—”

  She glimpsed an iron bar above her head
and saw his face half hidden by straining
arms. Iron grated on stone, a fearful pam
seared her wrist, and then she sank down
upon the dank floor, free. Etienne lifted
her, with the clinking ring and bolt still, on
her wrist, and drew a blanket close over her
shoulders.

  “ God forgive me! ” he panted. “ I went
to sleep as I watched your' house last night
—for a week I’-ve known what he was domg
down here and every night I’ve stood guard
to stop him! And he did it in the vary
hour when my strength failed me! ”

  “ Your strength fail?” she murmured, as
he bore her out into the sunlit morning.
“ Do you call it failure after a week without
sleep? My Etienne, the strength of your
soul is stronger than iron!”
COMPLETE IN THIS ISSUB,

CHAPTER I.	upper windows about the square. His

a pearl of price.	glance fell upon a small man sitting near a

                                              bale of rugs. He reined in his donkey.

A HALF-NAKED black ran into the	“ And who art thou?” he said abruptly,

bazaar of Nejed, that oasis town in	“ Najob Azoura,” said the merchant, “ if

Central Arabia, which all Orientals	it please you.”

call Nejed the Blessed. The slave carried	“ It pleaseth me indifferently well,” said

a long white staff in his hand, and cried:	Ali, “ and your face pleaseth me even less.

“ Way for Ali.Hassan! Make way for the	Thou art a coast dweller?”

worshipful Ali, who ruleth for the Sultan in	“ Yes.”

this city!”	“And thou wouldst do business here

  At the sound of his chant the vendor of	without, a license from the viceroy of the

melons cursed and put his best fruit out of	Sultan?”

sight; the seller of sweetmeats groaned and	“ I knew not that that was the custom

said: “ Farewell to the profits of this day.”	here, Ali Hassan.”

The goldsmith, hunched over his tiny anvil,	“ Custom! ” said the big man. “ It is the

dropped the chain upon which he worked	law.” He turned to the crowd who had

into his girdle, and the old woman who sold	gathered about the rug merchant and him-

the long Nejed dates, said to the girl who	self. “ Has he sold aught?”

stood near her: “ Get thee out of sight, my	“ Aye,” said the goldsmith, “ one rug

child. I will not have him look upon thee.”	scarce a half-hour ago.”

  A white donkey with a crimson blanket	“ The dog!” whispered the old woman

under his saddle and yellow reins on his	over her dates. “ There is no law in this

bridle trotted out of a narrow street into	place but Ali Hassan’s evil heart. Now

the bazaar, bearing a bulky man upon his	will the coast dweller catch it.”

back who wore the long cloak of an Arab,	“ What wares hast thou here?” said Ali

but the red fez of the Turk. The crowd	Hassan.

parted quietly and many men bowed low	“ Rugs, excellency.”

to the bulky figure. Ali Hassan bowed to	“ Spread them out.”

no one; he rode with his small black eyes	Ali Hassan eased himself in his saddle

now upon the ground, now upon the heaps	and watched while the merchant strai^ht-

of merchandise, and now upon the carved	ened his bale of rugs. The merchant was a

191
192

THE ARGOSY.

small man with watery blue eyes and a
ragged beard. He looked about him for
help, but the crowd, although they all suf-
fered from the exactions of the viceroy,
were not unwilling to see some one else
suffer. Najob Azoura put his rugs in a
neat pile and turned them one at a time as
a man might turn the leaves of a book.

   “ Rubbish! ” exclaimed Ali Hassan as the
rugs fell one by one. “ Made of filth and
colored with mud! Show me thy best!”

  “ They are my best,” pleaded Najob
Azoura. “ My wares are for poor men.”
The mounted man reached out and
touched the merchant with his staff.

   “ Not so fast,” he said, “ there was one
thou didst not show me.”

  The merchant spread out his hands and
said: “ That one I have not showed thee
because it is sold.”

“ Show it to me,” said the implacable Ali.
Najob Azoura shrugged his stooped
shoulders; took a bit of sacking from his
rugs; turned them up, and showed the one
on the very bottom.

   “ Spread it out to the full,” said Ms tor-
mentor.

  “ Ah, but the sun,” whined his victim,
“ the sun will fade it. Such are for indoors,
and thou knowest, wise one, that one hairs-
breadth change in the color will ruin all.”
The staff cut the air, and fell upon the
dusty shoulders of the merchant.

  “ Do as I say, or there will be no more
sunlight for thee!” .

  Najob Azoura wept a few tears, spread
the rug out to the full, and squatted on his
heels beside it.

  “ Where didst thou get this rug?” said
Ali Hassan. “And why has no one robbed
thee of it?”

   Najob Azoura lifted his head to say: “ It
is the true Bokhara; the blue is the light
Afghanistan blue; there are full four hun-
dred knots to the inch.”

  Ali Hassan looked long upon the shim-
mering fabric before him.

   “ And it is sold?”

  “ Aye,” said Najob.

  “ Then shalt thou unsell it. Find the
buyer and give him back his price.”

  The merchant looked piteously about
among the crowd.

  “ He is not here, excellency,” he said.
The crowd raised a hoot of laughter at
the way in which the merchant had been
caught.

  “ Nor is he anywhere, old fool! ” said
Ali. “ Five minutes will I give thee to find
him, for none can say that I am not just.
Then if I find that thou hast lied to me,
will I have thy feet whipped.”

  Najob Azoura raised his voice in a long
wail..

  “ Allah!” he crifed. “ Thou hast forgot-
ten me!”

  A tall figure stepped from the crowd and
bowed low to Ali Hassan.

  “ I am the buyer,” he said, “ I did but
now chaffer with this man for his rug, and
I paid him a part of the purchase price.”

  “ Only a tenth!” cried the rug merchant,
springing tm his feet. “ It was but a
tenth! And I shall give him but what he
gave me.”

  “ Beware, young man,” said Ali, “ how
thou dealest with me. I am not a coast
dweller who lives by laws and courts and
decrees. No man hath lied to me with
impunity.”

  “ Nor do I lie now,” said the young man,
looking fearlessly at Ali. “ What I have
said is truth.”

  “ It maketh little difference to me,” said
the viceroy, shrugging his shoulders, “ thou
hast saved him from a beating. Pay him,
Najob Azoura.”

  The rug merchant opened his pouch and
counted out two gold pieces.

  “ Two pounds in English gold,” he said.
“ One-twentieth of the purchase price.”
“One-tenth, dog!” cried Ali Hassan.
“ Why wilt thou lie? Therefore thy rug
is worth but twenty pounds in English gold.
I will give thee five for it, and it is only
the favor of Allah that giveth thee that.”
Najob Azoura wailed again.

  “ Forty pounds in good English gold it
cost me at Constantinople.” he wept.
“ Thou wilt ruin me!”

  “ Ruin thee, thou gold-stuffed coast
dweller!” scoffed his opponent. “It is a
favor to take some of thy wealth before the
Bedouin do. Come to the coffee-house of
Mustufa, and thou shalt have thy gold
there. Batata, take the rug.”
ALI’S REVENGE—AND ALLAH’S.

193

  One of Ali Hassan’s retinue rolled the
rug up and put it on his shoulder. Najob
Azoura made no sound; Fate was against
him; he wrapped his cloak about his head,
and sat down on his heels. The other mer-
chants chaffed him; he lighted his pipe and
hid himself in a cloud of smoke.

  Ali Hassan touched his donkey with his
stick, and the beast trotted gingerly among
the piles of merchandise and into a narrow
street. The black ran ahead of him and
chanted: “Way for Ali Hassan!” The
cobbler, at the sound, picked up his leather
and moved closer to the wall; the letter
writer hid his fair parchment under his
robes. Even the dogs at the door-steps
lowered their heads and stood quiet as the
little procession trotted past.

  The street opened suddenly into a square
bounded on the one side by a minaretted
mosque; on the others by shops and the
colonnaded front of a caravansary. The
donkey tapped smoothly across the square
and stopped before the blue front of a
coffee-house. Ali Hassan slid out of his
saddle and walked in.

  “Welcome, Ali Hassan!” cried the pro-
prietor, preceding him to the corner near
the fountain. “ Welcome to my poor shop!
There is a youth here to see thee.”

  He wiped a table dry; arranged the
cushions in the corner, and clapped his
hands.

  “ Coffee!” he shouted. “ Coffee, arfd a
pipe for Ali Hassan!”

  A servant brought the coffee mill, the
charcoal-lamp, the dish of green berries.
He roasted the berries until they crackled,,
ground them in the stone mill, and boiled
the grains in the long-snouted pot. He
poured the thick liquid into a cup thin as
egg shell, and stood waiting until the great
man should have approved his work.

  Ali sipped,. grunted, and. the servant
glided back to his corner, Mustufa, the
proprietor, filled the pipe with fine Persian
tobacco, and held a coal to it until it was
well alight. Ali sighed a deep breath, and
lay back among the cushions.

  “ You spoke oj a youth, my Mustufa,”
he said, “ who wished to see me.”

  “ Aye, my Ali,” replied Mustufa, “ he is
just come on a long journey from across

    3	Argosy

the desert, for he sat here watching the jet
of water as though it flowed from Heaven,
Shall I bring him to thee?”

  Ali waved his hand, and Mustufa said:
“ .^|i Hassan will speak with thee, 0
striker.”

  The young man arose, the same who had
saved Najob Azoura in the bazaar, and
stood before the Sultan’s viceroy. He was
a tall young man, lithe almost to thinness,
and his face showed th« dean outline of
thorough blood. He wore a burnoose, or
desert cloak, and the white turban ended
in a flowing tail to keep the sun from his
neck. He put his hands to his forehead
and bent his head in greeting.

  “ What wouldst thou with me?” said Ali,
looking at him from under heavy lids. “ I
thought I had seen the last of thee this
morning.”

  “ Rumor hath made thee known over
all Arabia,” said the young man. “ Fame
runneth before a man like a trumpet note.
It is said of thee that thou hast a pearl of
price in thy possession called Ayesha’s Mir-
ror, and that by looking into this pearl, one
can find lost treasure. It is said that this
pearl hath never failed, and on it thou hast
reared thy great fortune. On that,” he
added, seeing the shade of displeasure in
the great man’s face, “’and thy great
talents.”

  “ And thou hast come to me to find a
lost treasure?”

  “ Aye, Ali Hassan.’^

  “What is. thy name?”

  “ Kahleel, son, of Kahleel.”

  “ Thou art a coast dweller,” said Ali
Hassan. “ Thou canst not fool me, young
man.”

  “ I have no wish to fool thee, great one,”
said Kahleel. “ It is of the pearl that I
wish to speak.”

  “ One born and bred in the oasis of Nejed
as I have been,” said Ali Hassan, “ can tell
the speech of the men of the coast. And
thou hast not been long from the desert. I
car* tell by the way in which thine eyes
follow the water trickling there.”

  “ Thou art right. Heaven hath given
thee wit with fortune.”

  “ Be plain with me, youth,” said Ali,
putting a fresh coal to his pipe, “ and I will
194

THE ARGOSY.

be kind to thee. What is it that thou hast
lost? Be sure the pearl will find it.”

  “ Is that true?” said the youth eagerly.
“ As true as that Allah ruleth in heaven
and His Prophet on earth. The p^arl which
I have Mohammed gave to Ayesha when
he took her to wife. At his death her holy
tears fell upon it. Since then it hath had
the marvelous power of which thou speak-
est, and so it is called Ayesha’s Mirror.
No less than a week ago the chief of the
Beni Lam came to me to find a herd of
camels which had strayed.

  “ He looked in my pearl, and saw the
pillar of basalt by which they were then
grazing. He went and found them. He
would not have paid me, saying that that
pillar was in his mind when he looked, but
no man hath' ever kept from me my just
reward. So I took a half of his herd.”
“ The treasure that I seek is not of the
animal kind,” said Kahleel.

  “ Money, then?”

  “ Not money.”

  “ Jewels?”

  “ Nor jewels.”

“ Mayhap a rug?” said Ali, smiling.
Kahleel shook his head and Ali said:
“ What in the devil’s name can it be, then?
There be no other treasures than those.”
“ Must I tell thee?”

  “ Yes. Else the charm will not work.”

  “ What is the best treasure that a man
may have?” said Kahleel.

  “ I know not,” said Ali good-humoredly,
“ leaving out camels, money, and jewels.”
“ And what of a woman’s heart?”

  “Hot” said Ali, rasing his heavy eye-
brows almost to his cap. “ TEe caravan
marcheth in that quarter! Young man,
let me advise thee. Thou art a fool to set
a woman’s heart above real treasure. What
woman is there who is not bought and sold
even as a camel? Wouldst thou have the
creature for a slave, well enough* but thy
face sayeth you would wed her, and a wife
is worse than a tooth-ache.”

  “ I would have her to wife,” said Kahl-
eel, “ and know, Ali Hassan, great as thou
art, I will not stand here talking with thee.
If I may see the gem, I will look and de-
part; if not, farewell, and may Allah pros-
per thee.”

  “ Nay,” said Ali, still in good humor,
“ every merchant doth business in his own
way. I am twice thine age, O Kahleel; I
could have had any woman to wife, yet I
remain a bachelor. Do thou likewise, and
be happy.”

  “ But what of the wife,” said Kahleel
earnestly, “ who reigneth gently in her
house? What of her that hath the voice of
the nightingale, the grace of a deer, and the
eyes of a dove? She bringeth a?man strong
sons. Ali Hassan, thou dost ill to speak so
of love, for had not Ayesha loved the
Prophet and she him, thy pearl had been
but a pearl and naught else.”

  “ Knowest thou one who would be all
this?” said Ali, shooting a quick glance at
his visitor.

  “ That, 0 Ali, is the treasure I seek.”

  “ Thy wife left thee, then?”

  “ I said not the woman was my wife,”
said the youth patiently. “ I would have
her so.”

  “ Nor is she the wife of another?”

  “ No.”

  “ A maid, then,” mused the Sultan’s
friend, sitting up among his cushions, “ and
she is here in Nejed?”

  “ Else I had not come to see thee, Ali
Hassan. Are there wits within that head?”
“ Every man worketh in his own way,”
said Ali. “ Thou shalt look in my pearl.
But eloquence, my youth, hath cost thee
dear. Forty pounds in English gold shalt
thou pay for thy look.”

  Kahleel put his hands to his forehead,
bent his head, and said: “ Then we part,
Ali Hassan.”

  “ Nay,” said the owner of the pearl,
“ then this is not such a treasure, after all.
Thou couldst buy a blond Georgian for
twenty pounds English.”

  “ There are treasures which are above
price,” said Kahleel. “ I will pay what a
poor student in the mosque at Medina can
pay—ten pounds in gold. But let me look
in the peail quickly.”

  “ Twenty,” said the older man, “ and
thou shalt look.”

  “ The devil fly away with thee!” ejacu-
lated Kahleel. “ Thou wilt drive me mad!
Many a man hath died for being as ugly
as thou art!”
ALI’S REVENGE—AND ALLAH’S.

195

  “ And many a man,” said Ali Hassan,
“ hath died for being as quick with his
tongue as thou art. Hark ye! Ali Hassan
ruleth in the fair oasis of Nejed, and thou
hadst best keep a cool tongue between thy
teeth. A poet could not have spoken more
eloquence of love than thou, and there was
something in thy talk of Medina, the Holy.
Therefore shalt thou see at thy price. But
not now, for here cometh the old man with
his rugs.”

CHAPTER II.

HIS heart’s desire.

"MAJOB AZOURA limped across the dusty
square, bearing on his own shoulders his
bale of rugs. He came to the door of the
coffee-house, peered in, then salaamed al-
most to the ground. The viceroy of the
Sultan shook with silent laughter.

  “ Old man,” he said, “as I see thee
standing there, I can think of nothing but
an old jerboa rat—the kind that lurk in the
holes at the desert edge. Come in, and my
Mustufa will give thee coffee and a pipe.”
“ I have no heart for a pipe,” groaned
the merchant, “ but coffee might lift these
drooping spirits of mine. I will thank
thee for that.”

  He shuffled in, threw down his rugs, and
sat upon them.

  “ Coffee of the best,” cried Ali Hassan,
“ with a touch of cinnamon in it.”

  The old man drank silently while Ali
looked at him with delight. Najob Azoura
set down his cup, spread out his hands, and
said: “.Even the strongest must bow to
Fate, and I am but a poor man.”

  “ Thou wilt know better next time,” said
his tormentor. “ No merchant doth busi-
ness here without the protection of Ali
Hassan.”

  “ Thou wilt pay me,” said the old man,
“ the five pounds in gold?”

  “ Aye,” said Ali. “ Thou shalt have it,
old miser.” He opened his pouch and
counted out five gold pieces. Najob Azoura
watched them fall upon the table one by
one, weighed each one upon his finger tips,
and put them in his own greasy pouch. He
arose and salaamed deeply to the great man.

  “ And now,” he said, “ I have thy leave
to depart?”

  “ Aye,” said Ali, “ with a bit of advice
from me. Take thy mind from thy money
bags, Najob Azoura, and the next time thou
art here, remember the Sultan’s viceroy.”
The merchant wagged his head sorrow-
fully, without a word, took his rugs upon
his back, and shuffled out and across the
square.

  “ Now then, my Kahlael,” he continued,
“ it is thy turn. But pay me first half the
money, and if thou seest thy wish, pay me
the other half.”

  Kahleel counted out five gold pieces into
the palm of Ali. The latter clapped his
hands and a slave glided in.

  “ Watch at the door,” said the viceroy,
“ and send some of thy fellows to watch at
the back.”

  When the slave had gone, he opened his
pouch and took out a small leather case.

  “ There was never the woman,” he said,
“ who could match this pearl in beauty.”
He opened the case and showed a large,
somewhat irregular pearl lying in a bed of
black velvet. It was pear-shaped, slightly
flattened, and Kahleel caught his breath at
the rush of color that played over its mir-
rorlike surface at the slightest movement
of Ali Hassan’s hand. Most pearls are a
bit dull, as though a gem, originally violet
in color, were overlaid with a powdering of
some fine white substance, but Ali’s pearl
had all the smoothness, polish, and fiery
play of color that goes with the opal.

  “ It is a marvel,” said Kahleel, after he
had looked at the pearl for a moment, “ and
a holy thing, since it hath been washed by
the tears of Ayesha. Yet I know a greater
treasure.”

  “ Take it, thou poet,” said Ali, “ in the
palm of thy hand, and hold it to the morn-
ing light. Think of thy treasure, and thou
shalt see where it lieth.”

  Kahleel took the pearl in his hand and
held it so that a beam of light struck full
upon it. He saw a tiny, but faithful, pic-
ture of the square—the mosque across the
way, the open front of the caravansary, a
towered house upon a small hill. Wave
after wave of color rolled across the mirror-
like surface of the gem, and so faithful was
196

THE ARGOSY.

the reproduction that he saw even the tiny
picture of the dog who dozed in the sunny
square.

  “ 0 Ayesha! ” said the young man. “ As
thou livest in bliss, show me where my
treasure lieth.”

  He looked long at the pearl and said:
“ O Mohammed, if ever thou hadst com-
passion on young lovers, show me the way
to my treasure.”

  For a long moment he looked; then took
a deep breath, and gave the gem back to its
owner.

  “ Thou hast had thy wish?” said Ali.
  Thou hast seen where thy treasure is?”

  “ Aye,” said Kahleel, “ I have seen.” He
counted out the other five gold pieces.

  “ And was it as thou didst say? Eyes of
the gazelle, grace of the nightingale, and
the rest of it?”

  “ Yes.”

  “ And is the treasure near to thee now?”
“ There was nothing in the contract to
make me tell thee that,” said Kahleel.

  “ As thou wilt,” said Ali, pocketing the
pearl and the gold pieces, “ but be sure
that I can see in the pearl as well as thou.”
“ So be it,” said Kahleel.

  “ I would not have thee go so soon,” said
Ali, “ I could listen to thy talk of love for
all the morning. Thou hast fired my heart
with all this poetry. I, too, would have a
wife such as thou hast described.”

  “ Allah will bring thee that as he hath
brought all other things,” said Kahleel. He
put his hands to his forehead, bowed, and
departed.

  Ali Hassan shifted in his seat to watch
the young man cross the square. The youth
went straight to the caravansary.

  “ Where any fool would have gone to find
a traveller,” said the owner of the pearl.
“ Ali Hassan, it is the foolishness of men as
much as thine own with that maketh thee
what thou art.”

  But the young man went straight through
the caravansary without stopping. The
keeper of it ran out to him and cried: “ A
camel, sir? I have here a young camel of
the true Oman breed, as fleet as any horse.”
He pointed to a flea-bitten beast so old
•that her hump had almost disappeared.
Kahleel shook his head, and passed

through the ankle-deep dust of the square
and out into the lane. Over the tops of
the mud walls that lined it leaned date
fronds, and he could hear the plash and
gurgle of water within the walled gardens.
Ahead of him lay a slight rise of ground—
on top of it stood the towered house which
he had seen in the pearl. A heavy gate,
iron-clad and barred, stood in a deep recess
in the wall, and over it jutted the carved
work of the second story. A* beggar sat in
the shade by the gate, and held out a
skinny hand to Kahleel.

  “Alms, young man, alms for the love
of Allah!”

  Kahleel paused before him.

  “ How long hast thou been here, O fa-
vored of God?” he asked.

  “ Longer than thou hast lived, youth,”
said the beggar, “ and naught but pain for
me all that time.”

  “ Knowest thou,” said Kahleel, balanc-
ing a coin on the tip of his finger, “ knowest
thou if any woman hath entered this house
within the last week?”

  “ One came two days ago,” said the beg-
gar, “ in a train of four camels. A man
rode one—two carried baggage—there was
a litter on the fourth, and I heard a woman
weeping. It was a gray Oman camel, and I
have not seen the like of it for grace. There
were four bales of rugs in the baggage, and
such pots and pans as a man might take on
a long journey.”

  “ What manner of a man was it?”

  “ An old man, small, with eyes like a
kitten’s.”

  “ Knowest thou his name?”

  “ Najob Azoura! ”

  Kahleel struck his palms together.

  “ How came she to be with him!”

  I am not Allah,” said the beggar, “ to
see into all things.”

  “ I am content,” said Kahleel. “ Here
is thy fee.” He dropped the coin into the
beggar’s lap, and let a second follow it.

  “ Remember,” he said, “ thou hast never
seen me, nor dost thou see what I do now.”
He looked up and down the lane; save
for himself and the beggar it was empty.
A young date palm grew by a rill of water
that trickled through the lane; he climbed
it and rocked it until the sap oozed from
ALPS REVENGE—AND ALLAH’S.

197

the trunk. As it leaned toward the wall
opposite to the house, he jumped quickly
and landed light as a cat on the wall. He
ran softly along it until he was opposite the
carved window of the chamber over the
gate, and there dropped flat under the pro-
tection of a branch of foliage.

  Across from him spread the dark carving
of the window—a screen covered the lower
half of it. Above it he could see the dim
interior—rugs, a tabouret, and near it a girl
sitting with her head bowed and her hands
lying unclasped in her lap.

  Kahleel looked long upon her and said:
“ Ali Hassan, thou shalt go to Paradise yet,
for this boon thy pearl hath brought me.”
He heard a camel grunting down the
lane; ran lightly back to his date palm, slid
down it quickly, and took his place beside
the beggar with his cloak wrapped about his
head. A caravan trailed past, bound for the
sea, and in the trail of it limped Najob
x\zoura. The tracks of tears still showed
on the old man’s cheeks, and when Kahleel
arose before him, he-said: “Thou, too!
Misfortune on misfortune! It was not
enough that the fat Turk took my best rug,
but thou must step in and claim two
pounds! ”

  “ Not so,” said Kahleel, smiling. “ I
saved thee from a whipping, and perhaps
worse. I saw that thou wert an old man
and a coast dweller, and I stepped in to
save thee. Now I have come to give thee
back the two pounds in English gold.”

  “ Young man,” said Najob Azoura, turn-
ing his watery eyes upon the youth, “ it is
impiety to jest with thy elders. No man
parteth with what treasure he hath.”

  “ I have not come to jest with thee,” said
Kahleel. “Here are thy two pieces of gold.”
He held them out to the old man, who
took them, weighed them on his finger-tip,
and pocketed them. He picked up his rugs
without a word, struck three times upon
the gate, and it swung open to him. Kahleel
made as if to follow him, but the old man
said quickly: “Nay, I allow no strangers
within my gates.”

  K The house is thine,” said Kahleel,
shrugging his shoulders, “ but there is other
business that I would talk with thee.”

  “ Then shall it be done here,” said the

merchant, dropping his bundle, “ What
wouldst thou with me?”

  Kahleel was silent for a time, and then
he said: “ Najob Azoura, hast thou ever
been a lover?”

  The old man arose.

  “ This is not business,” he said.

  Kahleel seized his wrist and pulled him
down to his seat.

  “ But' that is what I would talk to thee
of.”

  “ I put such foolishness out of my head
years ago,” said Najob.

  “ Then why,” answered the young man,
“ do you keep a girl mewed up within your
house?”

  The old man made as if to rise again,
but Kahleel clung to his wrist.

  “ Thou shalt hear me,” he said, “ or I
will tell Ali Hassan that thou art a kid-
naper. How came that girl to be with
thee?” ■ .

  “ I found her in the desert,” said Najob
Azoura. “ She was in a caravan that was
raided. She alone escaped and fell into the
hands of a chief oi the Beni Lam. She
told me her tale, and I bought her for three
camels. Her father will pay me well to
bring her back to him.”

  Kahleel listened intently.

  “ That is where I lost -track of her,” he
said. “ I followed her caravan, which was
bound from Howeit to Maskat, but I lost
it and came hither.”

  “ And what is the "maid to thee?” said
the old merchant.

  “ She is my beloved,” said Kahleel sim-
ply, “ and thou shalt give her to me.”

  “ Her father shall give her to thee,” said
the rug merchant. “ My task is to take
her to him.”

  “ That is the point of the whole matter,”
said Kahleel, looking upon the ground, “ her
father will not give her to me, because I am
poor. He sent her away, thinking that she
would have fled with me.”

  “ She hath said that her father will give
me a hundred pounds in English gold and
pay me for the camels I gave for her. Is
that true?”

  “ Aye,” said Kahleel. “ The maid speaks
truth.”

  “ But what canst thou give, 0 lover?”
198

THE ARGOSY.

  “ I did thee a good turn in the market
place this morning, not knowing that we
should meet again,” said Kahleel. “ I have
naught else to offer.”

  “ Then shalt thou chaffer with her
father,” said Najob Azoura.

  “ It is hard,” said the young man, “ for
a lover to speak to one who hath' not been
a lover. But as thou wishest for joy in
Paradise, give her to me!”

  “ Nay,” said the old man, rising, “ I have
had loss enough. Be patient, my Kahleel.
There are other maids in the world, and
fathers not so hard of heart. How didst
thou know she was here?”

  “ I . saw a vision from Heaven which
marked this house.”

  “ Where sawest thou that vision?”

  “ Where but in Ali Hassan’s pearl?”

  “ Body of Allah,” groaned the merchant,
“ shall I never be done with him!”

  He shuffled through the gate and slammed
it shut, leaving Kahleel and the beggar
alone in the lane. The youth arose, walked
a few irresolute steps, but dropped into
place again, for Ali Hassan’s slave ran down
the road shouting: “ Make way for Ali!”

CHAPTER III.

DICE—AND A DRUG.

'T'HE quick patter of the donkey’s hoofs
sounded against the walls, and Ali
Hassan, followed by his retinue, rode up to
the gate. The slave struck at the gate with
his stick, and it opened slo\.ly to him. Ali
Hassan rode through; Kahleel slipped in
with the last of his train and dropped out of
sight behind a huge water-jar. The Sultan’s
viceroy urged his beast across the court-
yard, and stopped before Najob’s door.

  “Najob Azoura!” he bellowed. “Here
is Ali Hassan come to do business with
thee!”

  The old man put his bare head out of an
upper window and said: “ Thou hast done
but too much business with me already, Ali
Hassan.”

  “ Come down, merchant,” said his guest,
laughing broadly. “ Mayhap I did do you
some wrong this morning, and mayhap I
have come to set it right.”

  Najob Azoura stared down at him for a
moment; then set the dusty turban on his
head and came into the courtyard.

  “ Here I am,” he said spreading out his
hands. “ Allah’s plaything, and thine.”

  “ I did thee some wrong this morning,”
said Ali Hassan, generously, “ but my con-
science hath reproached me, and I have
come to right it. But first thou shalt show
me all thy treasures, great and small.”
Najob pointed to the rugs that still lay
in the courtyard—opened them painfully,
and turned them one by one, while Ali
stood with his hands in his girdle and
watched him.

  “ And is that all?” he said, when his
host had finished.

  “ Yes. I swear it by the beard of the
Prophet.”

  “Nonsense!” scoffed Ali. “An old rat
like thee hath more than this in his burrow.
Come, if thou wilt not show me thy treas-
ure, I must find it for myself.”

  He walked into the house, and Najob
cried: “ Have I not sworn there is nothing
there?”

  “ Why should an old man like thee take
a house instead of going to the caravan-
sary?” said Ali. “ There must be some-
thing of price about thee somewhere.”

  He strode into the house, laughing silent-
ly, and the merchant followed with his
fingers in his beard. Ali padded through
the corridorr looked into the long coffee-
room, and set his foot upon the stair.

  “ Allah save us!” screeched the old man.
“ Art thou a Christian, to walk so into wo-
men’s quarters?”

  “ Hear ye, old Najob,” said Ali, turning
to him. “ Knowest thou of a woman in
this city who is the most beautiful of her
kind?”'

  “ I keep not with houris,” said the mer-
chant.

  Ali shot a keen glance at his host.

  “ Is it thy wife, old rat?”

  “ No,” said the merchant, looking into
the courtyard, “ there is no woman here.”

  “ Then,” said Ali, “ there can be no harm
in my walking above.”

  Najob Azoura spread out his hands and
said: “ Art thou God, to see into mee’s
hearts so?”
ALI’S REVENGE—AND ALLAH’S.

199

  “Not God!” cried his guest. “ But Ali
Hassan, who hath the pearl which telleth
all. I will be plain with thee, Najob. A
young poet came to me this morning—the
same youth who saved thee in the bazaar.
He spoke so eloquently of his love that he
moved me to seek the most beautiful of her
sex in this city. I looked into my pearl, but
I saw naught but an old rat, and I read that
to mean that she was with thee. Thy face
telleth me that I am right.”

  Najob Azoura shrugged his shoulders and
said: “ I bought her at a great price from
the Bedouin. She hath been an expense to
me from beginning to end.”

  Ali Hassan struck him a blow across his
shoulders that almost threw him off his feet.

  “ There is sense in thy talk now!” he
said. “ But to get anything out of Najob
Azoura is like getting moisture out of a
desert rock. Why do we stand here talking
like two dry camels grunting for water?
Thou shalt have coffee such as hath never
passed thy lips before.”

  He led the way-into the long room,
clapped his hands, and said: <l Coffee—the
best thou hast ever made!”

  The slave ran to the donkey and brought
the coffee mill, the pot, and the charcoal-
lamp. He blew up the spark of fire in the
lamp, and brewed a pot of thick brown
coffee flavored with cinnamon and citron.

  “ Now, then,” said the great man, after
his pipe was alight and* he was settled
among the cushions, “ now we may talk
business. Mind you, I would not take the
young man’s maid unless necessary, but*my
pearl hath not told me that this was his
maid. Wilt thou give her to me?”

  “ All treasure hath price,” said the mer-
chant, “ even a woman’s beauty.”

  “Even a woman’s beauty!” exclaimed
Ali. “ Especially a woman’s beauty, old
bag of bones! Let'me see her.”

  “ No,” said his host, a bit fearfully,
“ Thou wilt run away with her. All thy
men are armed.”

  “ I give thee my word,” said Ali, “ that
I will not take her without just recom-
pense.”

  “Just recompense!” whined the mer-
chant. “ Thine ideas of just payment
jump not with mine.”

  “Body of Allah!” ejaculated Ali sud-
denly. “ Thinkest thou I have no pleas-
ure in life but to sit here and gabble with

thee!”

  Najob arose, went to the foot of the
stairs, and called, “ Mirza!”

  A voice answered, “ I come,” and Ali
said, touching one of his fingers, “ Voice
of the nightingale.”

  “ Thy face must be covered,” said the
merchant. A faint footfall sounded on the
stairs, and the girl stood in the door. She
hesitated, and Najob Azoura said, “ Sit
thou here beside me.” The girl crossed to
him quickly and dropped to the floor at
his side.

  “ My child,” said the merchant, “ here
is a man—the great Ali Hassan, of the
oasis of Nejed. He ruleth here for the
Sultan. He hath heard of thy beauty, and
hath come to see thee.”

   The girl was silent, and Ali said:

  “ Dressed in green, as a daughter of the
faithful should be; small, but ripely
formed; fingers long and taper. Thou hast
naught to fear from me. Let me see thy
face.”

  She, was silent and motionless until Ali
stirred among his cushions, and then Najob
Azoura said: “ There is no help, child.
The horse goeth where the curb moveth
him. So must we.”

  The girl put up her veil, and when Ali
had looked long upon the small oval face
he touched, another finger and said:

  “ Eyes of the gazelle. What is thy price,
Najob Azoura?”

  “ Thou canst not sell me!” said the girl
quickly. “ I-am not thine to sell! My
father will pay thee richly for me.”

  “ But thy father,” said the merchant,
“ is far away, and Ali is here. There is no
help that I can see. And since I was at
some expense about thee, thou wilt not
grudge that I make it good? And remem-
ber that Ali Hassan is rich and can make
thee happy. I can face thy father with a
clear conscience, for I shall have done what
I can.”

  “ Thy father will thank him,” said Ali
Hassan. “ I came to buy thee for a slave,
but I will make thee my wife!”

  He paused and threw out his arm to
200

THE ARGOSY.

emphasize the honor of his offer; but the
girl said:

  “ How can a wife be a true wife when
her heart is elsewhere?”

  “ And is thy heart elsewhere?”

  “ Yes, 0 Ali, it is—” The merchant
touched her arm, and she finished: “ It is
in my Howeit by the sea.”

  “ But then,” said Ali, rubbing his fat
palms together, “ once thou hast forgotten
the sea thou wilt be happy. Men call the
Nejed the Paradise of Arabia, and I will
make it doubly a paradise for thee.” The
girl was silent, and Ali said: “ What is thy
price, Najob?”

   “ First,” said the old man, “ there is the
matter of the rug in which thou owest me
thirty-five pounds. Then there is the price
of the camels which I gave for her, and
those come to some forty more. She hath
told me that her father would give me a
hundred more for her; and there has been
the expense of food and transport. Count-
ing the reward that I miss, the total is one
hundred and ninety pounds, Ali Hassan.”
“ I will give thee a hundred and fifty,”
said Ali, “ for it is likely that her father
would have thee jailed instead of reward-
ing thee. Thou shalt have an order on the
goldsmith with whom my money is lodged.”
Najob Azoura drew up his shoulders and
said: “ Allah send that I profit by this
bargain, but I fear not. Thou seest, girl, I
am not to blame.”

   “ Stop I” said the girl, throwing back her
veil. “ Art thou a gambler, Ali Hassan?”
“ Aye,” said Ali, “ as all Arabs are. I
am one, too, that is used to winning.”
“Then,” said the girl, “ I will gamble
with thee, Ali Hassan, for myself. We
will cast the dice, and the one that turneth
up the fifth ace is winner. If I win, thou
wilt set me free; if thou art winner, then
will I go with thee without more ado.”

  “ Beard of the Prophet!” exclaimed Ali
in delight. “ What a spirit is in that small
body! But thou wilt keep thy bargain,
my dove?”

  “ Yes, Ali, I will leave the house and go
with thee.”

  “ Allah save us!” cried Ali. “ To gam-
ble for thee! Never was there such a
stake! Maid, I would follow thee across

the desert, even, hating it as I do. Come,

 I have dice here in my girdle.”

 “ No,” said the girl, “ we will not gamble
 with dice of thine.”

 “ As wise,” chuckled Ali, “ as thou art
 clever. But dost thou think that I would
 stake all on dice of thine?”

 “ Nay,” cut in Najob Azoura; “ since
 you will gamble, I have dice within my
 pack which I will sell at two drachmas a
 pair.”

 “ Old rat! ” laughed Ali. “ Thy poor life
 is bound up in money-bags.”

 Najob Azoura brought a handful of dice,
 and the girl said: “ Pick thou one, and I
 will pick one. Then there can be no ques-
 tion.”

 She arose, brought her cushion to Ali’s
 feet, and sat herself there.

 Ali touched his third finger. “ The
 grace of the dove,” he said.

 “ First,” she said, “ we must throw to see
 who hath first cast.”

 She took the dice in her small palm and
 threw. A five and a four rolled up.

 “Nine!” shouted Ali, picking up the
 cubes. “ Mohammed and the angels be
 with me now!” He cast, and turned up
 four.

 “It is thy chance first!” he said.
 “ The Heavens are with thee.”

 She rubbed the cubes together in her
 palm, spun them, and turned up an ace.

 “ One!” shouted Ali.

 She cast again, but no ones came up,
 and Ali swooped upon the dice. He rolled
 two aces in succession—then a blank. The
 next cast was a blank, and the next.

 Then the girl threw two aces, but after
 that a blank.

 “ Now,” said Ali, with his eyes gleaming,
 “ watch! ”

 Even Najob Azoura craned his thin neck
 as the dice fell, but no aces came up. The
 girl took the ivory cubes in her hand and
 smiled at Ali.

 “ Ali Hassan!” she taunted. “ After all,
 there is a woman’s heart in that great body
 of thine. See how thy hand trembled, and
 mine is as steady as a rock, for all that I
 am gambling for my freedom. Thou wilt
 keep the bargain?”

 “ Aye,” said Ali.
ALI’S REVENGE—AND ALLAH’S,

201

  “ I will haunt thee if thou dost not,”
said the girl. “ Be sure that I will die
before I will be thy wife, if thou keepest
not to the promise. And mayhap thou
wilt die with me.”

  “ And what if I do?” laughed Ali.
“'How better could I go to paradise than
with thee?”

  The girl put her hand down .without
throwing the dice.

   “ No,” said Ali, “ I trust thee not. They
must rolL”

  She took them up, and, with her eyes
fixed on him, dropped them on the floor.
They rolled—a four came up, and an ace.

   “ There,” said the girl, as the tears came
into her eyes, “ I have cast the fifth ace.
Thou wilt let me go now.”

  “ Women may talk large,” said Najob
Azoura, “ but they come to tears in the
end. Come, child.”

   “No!” roared Ali, springing to his feet.
“ By Allah, she shall not go!”

  “ Thou wilt ■ not break thy bargain,”
said the girl faintly. “ Thou wilt rue it.
There is a liell for perjurers! ”

  “I love thee!” said Ali. “I will not
give thee up! Dice or no dice, thou art
mine. I will make thee happy, for thou
shalt rule my house and me, and all that I
have.”

  “ Rule thy house and thee!” echoed the
girl, “ I would see thee dead first!”

   A slow flush crept over Hassan’s face.

   “ Thou shalt rue that, my bird,” he said
slowly, “ when I have caged thee.”

  “ Nay, child,” expostulated Najob,
“ calmness bringeth more than haste.”

  The girl turned and sped from the room,
but the white figure of Kahleel met her in
the dark corridor. He touched her arm
and whispered: “ I am here, beloved, and
have heard. Go back.”

  She wrapped her veil about her head and
returned to the room.

  “ I thought so,” said Ali. “ There are
those outside to turn thee back, and not
too gently.” He clapped his hands, and
when the slave glided in said: “ A donkey
litter from the caravansary.”

   The girl took her place by the side of the
old merchant.

   “ Najob,” said Ali, “ bring me the parch-

ment and ink, and I will make an order
upon the goldsmith!” When this was done,
the three sat in silence until the litter came
to the door.

  “ Come, my bird,” said Ali, “ we will go
home together, like the loving pair that we
will become.”

  She went quietly into the courtyard, and
mounted into the litter without touching
the hand that Ali put out to her.

   “ Farewell, little one.’i said the old mer-
chant- “ have patience. I looked into Ali’s
pearl this morning, and I saw that which
maketh me believe that Heaven will save
the innocent.”

  As the procession crossed the square
Ali Hassan cast a longing glance at the
coffee-house. He said to his slave: “ Ba-
tuta, take this maid home, and if she escape
God help thee! I will leave the others with
thee to help guard her.”

  Alone he trotted across to the coffee-
house, left his donkey, and walked in. He
did not go to his usual comer; instead, he
walked on through to a smaller and more
private room.

  “ Mustufa,” he said to the proprietor,
“ coffee, of course, and—Mustufa, hast
thou anything else that a good Moham-
medan like myself might drink?”

  Mustufa looked knowingly at him, and
said:. “I have no wine, 0 Ali, but an
excellent bottle of arrak.”

  “ There can be no harm in my taking a
drop,” said Ali Hassan, “ since this is one
of the great days of my life. Of course,
my Mustufa, it should not be known that
so stanch a follower of the Prophet as
myself should drink liquors, but thou know-
est that some exception may be made in
the case of rulers and the like.”

  Mustufa brought a wicker-bound bottle
and a cup, and the great man drained one
cup and then another of the liquor. He
lighted his long pipe, and sat in the little
room with a smile upon his heavy features,
and his hands clasped across his girdle.
A flush came upon his face as the liquor
stirred his sluggish blood.

  Across the square he saw the tall figure
of the youth, Kahleel. He arose, put his
head out of the small window, and roared:

“ Kahleel! Youth! Poet! Come hither!”
202

THE ARGOSY,

  The young man stopped, looked for a
moment, and then walked quickly across
the square. Ali Hassan leaped up and
put both hands on the youth's shoulders as
lie entered the room.

  “ Ho, young poet!” he roared; “ fortune
is with me to-day! I have to thank thee
for two things—first, it was thou who put
into my head the idea of getting a wife;
second, thou art here to let me thank thee.
Mustufa, another cup!”

  “ Nay,” said the young man, looking at
the wicker-bound flask. “ The Koran for-
biddeth that.”

  “ As thou wilt,” said Ali Hassan, “ and
perhaps thou art right. I doubt if thy
young head could stand it.”

  Mustufa came in with the second cup
and said: “ Ali Hassan, art thou not
afraid to be here without thy retinue? No
man hath more friends than thou, and no
man hath more enemies.”

  “No,” scoffed Ali. “What man dare
touch me? And this youth is here who is
my friend.”

  “ Aye,” said Kahleel, “ I will take good
care that no harm cometh to him.”

  Mustufa shrugged his shoulders and
went out, and Kahleel filled Ali’s cup and
said:

  “ Thou wilt let me say a verse over
the drink?”

  “ Yes, young poet, and let it be some-
thing about love. Eyes of the nightingale,
voice of the gazelle, and the rest of the bird
talk.”

  “ I will put a charm on this cup, 0
Ali,” said the young man, “ so that thou
shalt have such dreams of love and poetry
as never thou hadst before.”

  “ Nay, no dreams,” said the big man
good-naturedly, “ but give it a blessing.”

   “ I will give thee a blessing of flowers,”
said Kahleel, raising the cup. “ What of
her that is straight as a young pal.m-shoot,
hath a breath like that of the rose, and
eyes like the black poppy that bringeth
sleep?”

  “ Good!” cried Ali. “Would that thou
and I might match beauties, youth! Hast
thou found thy treasure yet?”

  “ No,” said Kahleel, “ but the night is
not done.”

   “ Thou wilt find her,” said Ali when he
had finished the drink. “ The pearl never
faiteth. Another blessing!”/

   Kahleel filled the cup again, and said:
“ What of the good man? The good man
walketh in the straight path to paradise,
but the man of evil heart walketh in the
maze which leadeth only to death.”

   Ali was silent for a long time, and then
hiccuped: “I liked the other blessing
better, Kahleel. What was ii% that bot-
tle?”

   “ Arrak; naught else.”

  “ Body of Allah,” said the great man,
with a long sigh; “ it worketh as no arrak
ever worked before. I am sleepy, youth.”
“ Then sleep, O AM Hassan!”

   “ Nay,” said Ali, shaking his shoulders,
“ I will arouse me, for I have other business
in hand. Yet I will have one more draft
of this. Fill the cup, for it escapeth my
hand somehow. The blessing of the flow-
ers. What of her that is as straight as
young palm-shoot—hath a breath like the
rose—and what was the rest?”

   “ Is as soothing as the black poppy that
bringeth sleep,” said the young man.

  “ Aye, the black poppy that bringeth
sleep,” murmured Ali. He staggered to
his feet and said: “ I must rouse me.
Mustufa! ”

   The proprietor glided in, and Ali said:

“ Knowest thou what I have brought to
my house this day?”

   “ I have heard,” said Mustufa, “ that a
mule litter hath gone thither.”

  “ Aye, old fox, but this time I take a
wife.”

   “ A wife,” said Mustufa. “ I have heard
thee say that that was worse than tooth-
ache.”

  “ And so I thought until I saw this
maid. What a mother she will make for
my sons!”

   “ One can never be sure,” said Mustufa.

“ She may have another man in her head, ,
and be sure she will make thee pay for
it!”

  “ Another man in her head!” exclaimed
Ali hazily. “ But I have a way to find out!

0	Mustufa, thou knowest not the advan-
tage of being in the confidence of Heaven.
If she have another man in her head, I
ALI’S REVENGE—AND ALLAH’S.

203

shall know it, and she shall pay for it,
not I!”

   He dragged at his pouch with fumbling
fingers, and took out the pearl. A ray
of the western sun struck in through the
window, and he held the pearl up to it.

   “Tell me, O lovely jewel, what other
man there is in this maid’s head!”

   He stood swaying, with the heavy eye-
lids scarce open, watching the shifting pisy
of color in the gem. Suddenly the eyes
opened wide, and his hands fell to his
sides.

   “ Mustufa,” he said, “ that arrak of
thine is queer stuff! He looked again, and
said clearly: “ Youth, I see thy face in the
jewel!”

   Kahleel rose and stood close to the
door.

   “ I cannot help what thy jewel shows
thee,” he said evenly. “ If thou wilt be
a fool, Ali Hassan, no man can stop thee.”

   “ She was thy treasure!”

   He lunged unsteadily at Kahleel; tried
vainly to bring his wits together; then the
drug which Kahleel had put in his drink
overcame him, and he fell among, the ta-
bles. Mustufa spread out his hands and
smiled.

  “ The arrak hath been too much for
him.”

   “ Keep him here, out of sight,” said
Kahleel; “ it will not do to let any one
see the Sultan’s viceroy thus. I will send
his slaves to him.”

CHAPTER IV.

PURSUIT.

AT dawn Ali Hassan awoke. Batuta
crouched at his feet, looking at him
with mingled devotion and fear. The great
man rolled over, sat up, and put his hands
to his head.

   “ I have had such dreams,” he said.
“ Mustufa, what do I here?”

   Mustufa rose from the ground, where he
was brewing coffee, and said: “ The youth
and Ali Hassan sat here last night.”

   “ I remember,” he said. “ I had some
of thy villainous arrak.”

   He arose, walked to the jet of water, and

drank deep. Mustufa placed the coffee
before him, and when he had tasted that
his head began to clear.

   “It was like no arrak that ever I tasted,”
he said. “ There was a girl?”

  “Aye,” said Mustufa. “I saw. the
donkey litter cross the square.”

  “ So,” said Ali, “ I must be gone. I
have kept her waiting too long.”

  He arose, but the slave threw himself
at his feet and clasped him about the
knees. “ Mercy, master!” he cried. “Do
not whip me for bringing evil news!”

  Ali looked down upon him and said:
“ Thou evil son of an evil mother, what
tidings hast thou?”

  “ Thou wilt not have me whipped?”

  “ No,” said Ali Hassan; “ but tell thy
news quickly.”

  lie walked to the fountain, plunged his
arms into it, and bathed his face. Then
he sat down in the corner and said: “ I
will listen.”

   “ Yesterday at sundown,” said the slave,
“ we took a maid to the house, Ali Has-
san. No sooner had we arrived there than
a youth came, the same that was with thee
in the morning, and said that thou wert
in danger here.

  “ We came to thee, but the youth had
said that thou wert not to be disturbed, and
we let thee lie. One only stayed behind.

   “ At midnight he dragged himself hither,
wounded, and told his tale. The young
man, after we were gone, forced his way
into the house—wounded the lone guard
with a knife, bound him, and took the maid
in the litter. After some hours he got him-
self free from his bonds and came hither
and told us. Allah knoweth, Ali Hassan,
that I am blameless, and thou hast prom-
ised not to have me whipped.”

   The flush spread over the master’s face,
and the veins in’his forehead swelled.

  “ Tho shalt not be whipped,” he said,
“ but where are the others! ”

  “ At that evil news, master, they fled
from fear of thee! ”

  Ali Hassan sprang to his feet and. his
fingers curled.

  “I could kill thee!” he choked.

“ Thou raven! But there is other work to
be done.”
204

THE ARGOSY.

 His donkey stood outside the coffee-
 house with his patient nose almost to the
 ground. Ali leaped upon him and galloped
 across to the caravansary. The caravan
 provider squatted over a tiny fire.

Ali galloped up to him and said:
“ Hast thou seen anything of a rat-eaten
merchant called Najob Azoura?”

 “ Aye,” said the keeper of camels. “ He
 left in the night for Mecca.”

 “ Alone?”

 “ Aye.”

 “ Knowest thou of a young man, tall and
 dark, Kahleel?”

 “Yes; he came but yesterday.”

 “ And hath gone away?”

 “ I saw him not, but one hath told me
 that he went away toward the sea last
 night.”

 “ Alone?”

 “ No; there were two riding upon one
 camel—a gray Oman.”

 Ali Hassan leaped from his donkey.

 “ Thou shalt give me a horse,” he said.
 “ I must overtake them.”

 “ A horse?” said the provider of cara-
 vans. “ I have but one, and what knowest
 thou of horses?”

 “ Enough, thick wit,” choked his cus-
 tomer, “ to ride it.”

 “ But thou wilt not go into the desert,
 Ali Hassan,” expostulated the other. “ The
 desert is worse than the sea, and thou art
 a townsman born and bred.”

 “ Fear not for me,” said Ali, taking a
 pistol from the donkey’s saddle and put-
 ting it in his girdle; “but give me a
 horse.”

 “ Thou knowest I have but one,” said
 the man stubbornly, “ and she is of pure
 desert breed. If she be lost I cannot re-
 place her.”

 “ Allah knoweth,” said Ali Hassan in a
 low voice, “ I try to be patient with thee.

 I	will give thee an order on the goldsmith,
 and thou shalt fill in what figures thou
 wilt. If she come not back to thee, thou
 wilt have enough to buy a dozen.”

 The caravan keeper shrugged his shoul-
 ders and led the way to a stable which
 formed a part of his own dwelling. A
 neigh greeted him, and he said: “ It is I,
 beloved.”

  He dropped the bars, and a round-
bellied, slim-legged mare stepped out into
the square.

  “ Is she swifter,” asked Ali Hassan,
“ than the gray Oman?”

  “ Can the falcon outfly the buzzard?”
said the caravan keeper scornfully.

  “ Saddle her quickly!” cried Ali. “ Here
is thy order on the goldsmith.”

    What seekest thou?” asked the keeper
of camels. “ Another pearl?”

  “ Speak not to me of what I seek,” said
Ali Hassan. The mare now bore her sad-
dle, and he leaped into it.

  “ Thou wilt ride her without a bridle
and water-skins and forage and food?” said
the owner of the horse scornfully. “ Ali
Hassan, I think—” He did not finish, but
touched his forehead, bound a bundle of
forage and a water-skin on the saddle, and
touched the mare on the flank.

  “ Ride her gently,” he said. “ Thou art
a heavy man. She can do forty hours’
marching without water, but that is in the
coolest weather and at her own pace.”

  The rider touched her with his staff, and
she trotted smoothly from the square and
into that lane called the Sea Road. There
Ali put her to the gallop and came quickly
to the edge of the oasis; there the verdure
ended and the desert rolled up to it like a
great sea. Behind him lay the oasis with
its low walls and cloudy palm tops; ahead
a shimmering, stretch of sand and bare, sun-
burnt rock.

  A broad camel track stretched ahead of
him; he turned into it. The sound of the
horse’s feet ceased; the sand came above
her fetlocks at every step. She fell into
the desert pace—a gentle canter—but Ali
Hassan struck her with his staff, and she
threw up her head and broke into a swift
gallop.

  The sun was up and strong; Ali put his
hand to his head, for he wore only the fez
still. He wrapped his cloak about his head
and let his hands rest on the pommel of the
saddle.

Until well past noon the horse did not
falter in her swift pace; then she stum-
bled. Ali struck her with his staff; she
picked up speed again, but at the end of a
quarter of an hour she fell again to a
ALI’S REVENGE—AND ALLAH’S.

205

walk. Ali steruck her again and again about
the head.

  “ Thou art a dog,” he screamed, “ and
no horse!”

  She threw up her head and galloped
wildly while he kept the staff drumming
on her flanks. The broad camel track had
dwindled by now; it split in two, and the
rider pulled up. The mare dropped her
head to her knees, and stood with her fore
feet wide apart. The sun had passed the
meridian; it was that hour in the desert
when man and beast take rest in whatever
shade there is at hand.

  Ali looked at the two paths, took the
pearl from his pouch, and said: “Thou
hast never failed me yet.” He held it so
that the blinding sun fell on it, and saw
for a time nothing but the opalescent rush
of color.

  “ Show me where,” he whimpered—•
“ show me where they are!”

  A tiny picture formed itself under his
eyes—a black dot first, and then from it
came a faithful picture, very small and very
dim, of a camel and two figures upon it.

  “ Aye,” groaned Ali, “ but where?”

  Still holding the pearl to the sun, he
turned into that path which led to the
right: the picture shifted into the pearl
until it was almost lost; he turned back
into the path which led to the left, and
the tiny camel stood full in the middle of
the gem.

  “Allah hath spoken!” cried the man,
and struck the horse again. She struggled
to keep the swift gallop, but faltered more
and more frequently while her rider beat
her until his arm was numb. The fine
nostrils showed a touch of red; her eyes
rolled from side to side; and the chestnut
sides grew black with sweat. Ali cursed.

  At sundown she stumbled to her knees
and did not rise. Ali rolled from the sad-
dle to the ground, lay for a time inert, then
staggered dizzily to his feet. The mare
turned her head to him and groaned. Ali
tried to mount again; his hand touched the
water-skin. He tore it from the saddle and
drank deeply. At the touch of water, hot
as it was, his brain cleared.

  “Softly,” he said; “no horse, no re-
venge.”

  He filled his cap with water and held
it for the horse to drink. She sucked up
the water, and he filled his cap again. The
faithful beast struggled to her feet and
plodded through the sand. AH tried to
walk by her side, but the sand burned
through his shoes and the rocks cut his
feet.

  The stars came out and a small moon.
A shadow followed alongside the two—the
slim-legged horse and the bulky man on her
back. Close to midnight the mare put up
her head, whinnied, and broke into a trot.
Ahead of them a star burned upon the sur-
face of the desert—a dim star shining in
a pool of water scarcely larger than the
saddle, a patch so foul that it stank. Man
and horse drank; Ali dropped the bundle
of forage before the horse. She nibbled
at it; stretched herself out on the sand, and
drew long breaths.

  Ali could not rest long; always the fed
vision of his revenge danced before his eyes.
Walking about the mare, he was suddenly
aware of a single camel track that stretched
ahead of him. He did not doubt that it
was the track of his prey; he kicked the
mare in the side, and she struggled to her
feet. lie mounted, and the two pushed
on through the sand.

  An hour past dawn he came upon them.
He topped a small rise, and almost at his
feet saw the two sitting with their bag-
gage made ready for the day. At sight of
the horse the gray Oman camel threw up
its head and ambled a few steps, but Kah-
leel and Mirza, sitting with their backs
to him, did not see Ali Hassan as he slid
from his horse and crept up to them.

CHAPTER V.

THE RAT DINES.

“ A ND what shalt thou call me,” said
     the girl, “ when I am thy wife?”

  “ I shall call thee All’s pearl,” laughed
Kahleel; “ for it was by means of that
that I came to thee.”

  The girl shuddered.

  “ What a pig! Sawest thou ever such
a fat one?”

“ I never saw such a fat-witted one,”
206	THE ARGOSY.

said Kahleel. and the rocks echoed the girl’s
laughter.

  Ali Hassan had crept so close that he
could have touched them. He took the
pistol from his belt; it was a muzzle-loader,
with one charge; he could fire, but that
would leave him without protection on his
return journey. He clubbed the pistol and
struck once.

  Kalileel pitched forward with a groan;
the girl screamed and whirled about.

  “Ali Hassan!”

  “ Aye,” said their pursuer, “ the fat pig
with the thick wits.”

  He put out his hand toward her, but
she fled away from him among the rocks.

  “ One at a time,” said Ali. “ Catch one
of a pair, and the mate will come.”

  He touched the man with his foot. Kah-
leel stirred and groaned. Ali raised his
pistol, but lowered it again. Instead of
firing, he cut-the cord which bound their
luggage, and tied Kahleel hand and foot.

  Kahleel opened his eyes and gazed up
at the face above ehimr—a face in which
the eyes were shot with blood and the lips
black and swollen almost to the size of
ripe figs. He turned his head and saw
Mirza crouching among the rocks.

  “ Why dost thou not kill me?” he said.
“ Thou canst not frighten me by looking
at me. I am no child, to be frightened at
goblins.”

  “I am studying how to kill thee,” said
Ali Hassan.

  “ Take me,” said Mirza, “ and let him
go.”

  “ And why,” exulted the pursuer,
“ should I not kill him and take thee,
too?”

  The girl said nothing, but moved closer
to her lover, and put out her hand as if to
touch him, but Ali seized her by the wrist.

  “ I have a heart,” said Kahleel, “ as oth-
ers have. Put the point of thy knife under
my fifth rib and thy revenge will be done.”

  “ That were too much kindness,” said
Ali musingly. “ If we were but in the city
now I would know how to deal with thee.
I could give thee such a drug as would
make thee an idiot the rest of thy days, or
have thee garroted, or killed in a hundred
wrays. But I am no desert dweller, and

know not how men may best revenge them-
selves in this waste.”

  The sun was fully up now, and a beam
struck across the rock.

  “ Move him out of the sun,” said the
girl, “ if there is any pity in thee.”

  Ali looked at her a moment, and
laughed wildly.

  “ Maid,” he cried, “ I have to thank
thee.. His blood will not be upon my head,
but upon thine! ”	.

  Still holding the girl by the wrist, he
fumbled among the baggage and found the
tent pegs. He drove four of them deep into
the sand with a bit of rock. He let the
girl’s hand go and said: “ If thou art
quiet, I may have mercy on him.”

  She sank to the ground, and wept bit-
terly, while Ali rolled his helpless victim
between the tent pegs and bound him hand
and foot to them. Kahleel lay stretched
upon the burning sand like a man on a
cross.

  “ Ali Hassan,” said the young man,
“ thou shalt- be kind to the girl, or I will
haunt thee.”

  Ali laughed again.

  “ Thy spirit will see things that will
please thee,” he said, “ if it comes to my
harem.”

  He sat down, threw out his arms, and
said:

  “ Body of Allah! I am hungry for the
first time. What hast thou here for a fam-
ished man? Nejed dates, samh, and clot-
ted cheese!”

  When he had devoured as much of their
food as he could, he said: “ Now this is
the mercy I will show him, maid. I will
leave the rest of the. food in his sight,
so that if he should escape from his bonds
he shall not starve. Thou and I will ride
the camel.”

  He walked toward the camel, but the
Oman threw up its head and trotted away
a few steps. He tried again, but it evaded
him, and he went back to his horse, mount-
ed it, and tried to catch the camel. The
horse was too. weary to go beyond a shuf-
fling trot, no matter how much he beat it.

  “ The devil rot thy bones!” he cried in a
fury, pulled his pistol from his girdle, and
shot at the beast. It broke into a long
ALPS REVENGE—AND ALLAH’S.

207

gallop and disappeared in the shimmering
heat waves.

  Ali rode back to his victims and dis-
mounted.

  “ The gray Oman hath settled thy fate, *
maid,” he- said. “ I would have saved
thee, but the horse can carry but one.
Thou shalt lie here by him.”

  Kahleel groaned .and said: “ It will
break my heart, Ali Hassan, to see her
wither—”

  “ Hadst thou shown any care for my
broken heart,” said Ali Hassan, “ things
would not have been as they are.”

  Mirza laid herself down willingly beside
her lover, while the Sultan’s viceroy drova
two .more tent pegs into the sand. He
bound her side by side with her lover.
There was not enough of the rope to tie
her; he took a leather thong from his,
saddle and tied one wrist with it.

  “ Kahleel,” said Mirza suddenly.

  Kahleel did not answer, *and* the-girl con-
tinued: “The Koran sayeth that the true
wife can have no greater pleasure than to
die with her husband. Thou shalt not
mourn for me, for I shall 'be happy .in
dying with thee- We shall cross the long
bridge that leadeth into .paradise hand and
hand. Death cannot "be painful to us, for
I shall sing to thee and tell thee the long
tales which the queen told to Ilaroun-al-
Raschid. Art thou listening?”

  “ Tell him the tale of the. pearl,” cut in
Ali, “ the pearl which the Prophet gave to
Ayesha and which hath come to Ali Has-
san. Tell him that tale, for it was the pearl
that brought me to you.”

  “ I heard no one speak,” said the girl,

“ nor shalt thou hear any voice but mine.”
She looked up at the sky with wide-open
eyes. “ I will tell thee the tale of the
cobbler—how he made shoes for the
queen.”

  “ I am sorry,” cut in Ali Hassan, “ that
I cannot stay to hear thee. But thy tale
might charm me from my purpose. Here
is audience enough for thee —a rat — a
long-whiskered desert rat, that looketh like
nothing so much as Najob Azoura.”

  A jerboa rat had hopped from his bur-
row in the rocks, and stood up on his strong
hind legs and watched these invaders of his

peace. Ali Hassan walked up to his horse
and mounted. He looked about again for
the gray Oman camel, but it was nowhere
in sight.

  “ Fare thee well, Ali Hassan,” said Mir-
za, as he put his heels to the horse, “ and
in thy death remember me.”

  “ Fare thee well, witch,” answered Ali,
“ and when thy end cometh, think of my
garden with the three jets of water and
the cucumber vines.” .

  He pushed his horse up the little slope
and back along his track. The red flecks
that had danced before his eyes were gone;
his head was clear, and he looked oarefully
at the mount under him. There was no
question of galloping now; she shuffled
along with her head down and her loins
drawn up. He felt the water-skin; it
scarcely bulged under his- hand. The bun-
dle of forage, was. thin; he had left most of
it at the pool where they had halted at
midnight.

  At the end, of the second hour he wetted
his own lips and gave the mare the rest.of
what water there was in the skin; gave her
also the rest, of the forage.

  All morning she kept up her shuffling
pace; a little past midday he came sud-
denly upon the place where the pool had
been. A .broad track cut across his own
trail there; the "water was. gone, drunk up
by some thirsty Bedouin band who had
crossed there. Already the bottom of the
pool had baked ai\d curled into dry chips
under the fierce sun.

  The mare turned her head and looked
at her rider. Ali climbed painfully down.

  “ Softly, Ali Hassan,” he said; “ no
horse, no life.”

  Ahead of him lay eighteen hours of stiff
marching; how much his horse could do
he did not know, being a city dweller born
and bred. Neither did he know enough to
give the horse her head and let her go to
some haven to which her instinct led her;
instead, he stood by her with the reins over
his arm. About him lay the confused track
of the caravan. He turned and looked at
his horse; decided that she could not make
the long march into Nejed. Neither could
he without water.

  Half fearfully he laid his hand upon his
208

THE ARGOSY.

pouch. Hitherto the pearl had helped him
in matters not of life and death; if it should
fail him now it was a question only of
hours before he would be curling under
that sun.

  He took the pearl from his pouch and
held it up to the sun. The play of light
in it was so fierce that it almost blinded
him; he muttered his wish and looked long
in the pearl before the wavering color set-
tled into the tiny picture. Then he saw—
not some oasis to which he might go—not
some friendly camp of desert dwellers—
but the face of Mirza as he had last seen
the girl, looking straight to heaven with
wide-open eyes. For a moment the heavy
pounding of his heart ceased; horse and
desert melted into a whirling maelstrom.

  “ Curse thee!” he screamed. “'Traitor!’'
But look as‘he might, all that he could
see was that small, upturned face. Then
his reason, shaken by his physical suffer-
ings in the desert and what he had done,
tottered. Ali Hassan rubbed his hands and
babbled like a child:

  “ At least, I shall see them die!”

  He climbed into the saddle and turned
the unwilling horse upon the long return
journey—back to where he had left Kah-
leel and Mirza exposed to the sun. He
rolled in the saddle, singing, cursing, repeat-
ing stray bits of conversations long past.
They went on through the terrific heat of
the* rest hour—just past noon—went on as
the sun went down and a moon came up.

  When Ali saw the little rise ahead of
him behind which he had left his victims,
his head cleared somewhat. He tumbled
out of the saddle and stood listening for
a groan—weeping—even screaming. Stoop-
ing so as not to be seen, and laughing si-
lently to himself, he stole up to the brow
of the ridge and-looked over.

  The place below was empty. Kahleel
and Mirza were gone; the tent pegs were
there, and the ropes, and the prints of their
bodies showed clear in the strong moon-
light. In the little hollow there was but
one living thing—an old jerboa rat who sat
on his strong hind legs and nibbled at a
piece of leather thong.

  True to its carrion instinct, the jerboa rat

(The ]

had gnawed the leather thong which had
bound one of the girl’s wrists, and so had
set them free. If Ali Hassan had been a
desert dweller, he would have known that
the nature of the jerboa rat is to gnaw
dead flesh or anything like dead flesh; even
now it was some time before Ali saw what
had liberated his victims.

  When the truth did penetrate through
the whirling maze of his mind, he ran upon
the rat and screamed: “ So it wa?thou that
set them free!”

  But the rat dodged between his hands
into the inky shadows of the rock. He
could see its eyes shining like two points
of green fire, and tore at the rock until
his fingers bled; but the rodent drew deeper
within to safety.

  Ali raged up and down, threw sand upon
his head, and beat his breast. His passion
cleared a bit after a time; he went to the
top of the ridge. His horse was gone; she
had shuffled away in the night to some
refuge to which her keen nostrils guided
her.

  Once more the pearl came out of his
pouch; the silver and violet of the night
played along its smooth sides, but there
was nothing in the pearl but the face of
Mirza as Ali had last seen her—wide-open
eyes, upturned face.

  He dashed the pearl to the groand and
put his heel upon it, chattering with rage.
Then he saw the old rat nibbling again
at the bit of leather. He threw himself
upon it, but it slid between his feet and
back into its burrow. Ali Hassan sat down
outside the little hole in the rock to wait.

  Close to dawn he awoke—something
tugged at his foot. He raised his head and
looked down to see the rat nibbling *at the
soft leather shoes. A touch of foam came
to his lips, and his voice broke into a
falsetto wail as he threw himself upon-his
enemy.

  Again it escaped him, and again he sat
down and smiled craftily as he settled him-
self down to wait.

   But in such a duel of patience there could
be but one victor. The next dawn saw the
rat making his meal off the soft leather
shoes in peace,
id.)
jisco

   ox/ Ovaries V Banve\(

        &S	Author of “ Texas Fever,’” etc.

WHAT HAS ALREADY HAPPENED

A SIMPLE British sailor, or so he thought himself, Arthur Lake, son to Tobit Lake, cobbler,
was in reality of noble blood—the son of Prince Charles of Viana and Eleanor of Durham!

    Tobit knew the secret, but it died with him when, in a fit of rage, he was strangled by
Don Juan de Seseca, Count of Sansito, private secretary to Ferdinand of Aragon. Tobit had
stubbornly refused to part with the parchment attesting the youth’s identity.

    Finding Tobit dead, young Lake, as we must call him, discovered the parchment, and a store
of gold; then, visiting his sweetheart, Judith Merton, daughter of the diplomat, Sir Thomas, who,
finding the two together, waxed wroth; Arthur returned to his lodgings to find a yokel whom
he had left in charge vanished—and the money and parchment stolen. Ali that he now possessed
were a few gold pieces, and a miniature of his mother, whose name he did not know.

    Hearing a movement within the room, Arthur pursued an unseen intruder through the window,
cutting off one of his fingers ere he could escape—and later was accepted as a common sailor
on the ship Hopeful, in which Seseca and Sir Thomas and his daughter were sailing.

    But little did the young man suspect the sea of intrigue upon which he was embarking.
Merton’s interview with Seseca—who wore his hand bandaged—might have told him much
could he have overheard it; he would have learned that he was indeed noble—royal, even But
aboard the ship, when he had sought audience with Seseca, or Sansito, the latter, talking to Sir
Thomas, said: “ I will excuse you.”

    “ I would rather be present,” the old man objected.

    “You will go!” Sansito made no effort to soften his insolent command.

CHAPTER X.

SESECA LOST.

a T that moment Arthur Lake came into
f\ the cabin.

^ *■ Sir Thomas Merton did not stir.

“ I thank you for this privilege.” The
sailor bowed to Sansito.

The Spaniard acknowledged the speech
with a slight nod, while he looked first at
Sir Thomas and then at the door. But
the old courtier refused to take the hint.
He feared for Arthur’s safety if left alone
in the power of this man.

“ I thought you were on watch,” San-
sito nervously began, for the youth had
surprised his look at Sir Thomas. “ How
comes it that you are allowed to pay visits,
ha?”

“ I asked leave.”

 The Spaniard eagerly demanded: “ Of
 whom?”

 “ The captain.”

 “ He then knows you are with me?”

 “ He saw me come,” Arthur replied.

 Sansito looked baffled.

 “ I would talk with you alone,” Arthur
 announced, glancing meaningly at the old
 nobleman.

 Sansito pretended to misunderstand.

 Leave us, Luis.” The Jew departed.

 “ Am I to speak before him?” Arthur
 asked, pointing to Sir Thomas.

 “ Why not?” the crafty Spaniard de-
 manded. His interest in getting Sir Thomas
 away had vanished since discovering that
 Arthur’s whereabouts were known to the
 ship’s captain. Now, he had another
 scheme.

 At the young man’s direct insistence, Sir

This story began in The Argosy for March 20.

4 Argosy	209
210

THE ARGOSY.

 Thomas had risen and with dignity pro-
 ceeded toward the door.

 “Stay!” Sansito’s cry was an impera-
 tive order.

 “ What I want,” Arthur announced sim-
 ply, “ concerns myself intimately, so may I
 be permitted to make my request to you in
 private?”

 “ I have no secrets from my old friend,
 Sir Thomas Merton,” Sansito said ingeni-
 ously.

 Arthur wasted no more words, but asked
 abruptly: “ You are a Spaniard?”

 “ Yes. And may one ask how you, an
 Englishman, come to speak, so easily, my
 mother tongue?”

 “ I learned at sea. I sailed for years
 on Spanish and Portuguese ships.”

 “ But you are an Englishman?”

 “ Yes.”

 “ How comes it that you, after so many
 years at sea, are still but a seaman?”

 “ I came upon this trip at the last mo-
 ment; glad of any chance to work my way
 across to Spain.”

 Arthur was unaware that the interview
 was turning into a close examination of
 himself.

 “And what are you to do in Spain?”
 Sansito inquired.

 “ It is of that I wish to speak. I am—
 could you tell me anything concerning one
 —Seseca?” Arthur came close to his man
 and looked into his eyes.

 The Spaniard did not flinch, but he at-
 tempted to bury his bandaged hand still
 more deeply beneath his cloak.

 “ ‘ Seseca,’ ” the count repeated. “ ‘ Sese-
 ca.’ Is that Spanish? It sounds—” He
 broke off, and, turning upon Sir Thpmas,
 inquired: “Did you ever hear the name
 Seseca? Perhaps you know Seseca?”

 The old diplomat was caught.

 “ No,” he lied. “ I do not.”

 The Spaniard indolently inquired of
 Arthur: “ What do you want with this
 Seseca?”

 “I must find him!” the young sailor
 cried vehemently.

 “ What for?”'

 “ I—but, since you cannot aid me, you
 will pardon me for withholding my con-
 fidences.”	i

  Arthur bowed low, and, in the following
silence, hastened to depart.

  As the door closed, Sansito whispered
admiringly: “ Such a manner! His old
grandfather could not have bettered it!
He must be put out of the way—he
might—”

  Sir Thomas started forward.

  “ If you harm him—” he began.

  Sansito smiled hypocritically. “ You
have my promise!”

  And so Sir Thomas was obliged to let
the matter rest. But he thought a great
deal about it during the following days.

  The weather was overcast and penetrat-
ingly cold, but the wind was favorable and
the ship made good headway.

  The old nobleman remained most of the
time in the cabin close beside Mistress
Judith, who was still too ill to rise. He
feared that she was suffering more from
the absence of Arthur than from the rough-
ness of the sea.

  He had not told her that her lover was
aboard. Indeed, Tanner, acting under his
instructions, had answered her questions
with the information that Arthur was not
on the ship!

  Sir Thomas, who had feared this love-
match when he believed Arthur too lowly,
now feared it infinitely more because the
youth was so far above them.

  He wished there was something he could
do for the young sailor; but, as yet he saw
no safe course. He must get to the king
with all speed on his own account and, as
far as possible, keep Judith out of every-
thing. This was as much as he could plan.

  The tenth day out was decidedly squally,
and the little ship was buffeted by wind and
waves, but the next morning all was calm.
Judith seemed better, and declared that on
the following day she intended to go on
deck. But that night a terrible storm came
upon them.

  Judith awoke suddenly, and called to her
father. Sir Thomas lit a candle and almost
at once was beside her. The boat was
tossing blindly, and Judith, on her shifting
pallet, trembled to hear the confusion of
the storm and the constant running to and
fro on the deck below.
THE GREAT DISCOVERY.

211

  Sir Thomas, clinging for support to the
stationary table, strove to quiet his sick
daughter, but he was himself much alarmed.

  Suddenly the door was flung open, and
with the gust that entered the candle was
extinguished. In the darkness the door was
slammed and outside a great wave was
heard sweeping the ship.

  “ This is no safe place,” the voice of
Arthur Lake came from the ensuing mo-
mentary peace. “ We must make for the
cabin below. This may be blown off at
any minute!”

  Judith Merton made no sound after her
single glad cry: “Arthur!” Weak from
lack of food and dazed with fever, it seemed
right to her that her beloved should come
for her in the hour of peril.

  “ Take care, Sir Thomas,” Arthur
warned, “ the sea breaks over the deck
frequently. You must watch your chance,
and attempt, between waves, to gain en-
trance to the Spaniard’s cabin.”

  “ But—” the old man began.

  “ There are no ‘ buts.’ It’s your only
ehance. Three sailors have been washed
overboard already. The rudder is broken,
and—”

  The ominous noise of an overrushing
wave almost drowned his voice.

  “ Cling all the time to the stair-rail. If
you are caught by a wave, hold until it
passes, then rush for the door.”

  As Arthur spoke he lovingly lifted Judith,
pallet and all, in his arms. “ I’ll take care
that this lady comes to no harm,” he an-
nounced proudly.

  Sir Thomas opened the cabin door and
went out into the storm. Arthur followed.

  Judith nestled closer as the blast beat
upon her. From the fury of the storm with-
out, it seemed to her that the boat must
certainly go to the bottom beneath them; it
groaned and creaked, staggering in the boil-
ing blackness of spray and cloud and wind.
But the girl did not care; for the first time
in days, she was content and happy.

  Sir Thomas gained the lower cabin in
safety; but before Arthur, burdened by his
precious freight, could follow, the little boat
was almost swamped in a mighty onslaught
of the sea.

  “ Cling to me, dearest,” he said gently

as he let Judith slip to her feet, and, catch-
ing her tightly about the waist, he locked
his other arm through one of the rungs of
the stairs.

  The water descended upon them. The
ship shivered; the stairs trembled like reeds,
but they held to their moorings—the man
clung to them, and the girl to him.

  There wa$ a terrific wrench as the wave
subsided and, in the blare of light that
came almost simultaneously with a peal of
thunder, Arthur saw the little turretlike
cabin, formerly accupied by the Mertons,
torn completely from its pinnings and car-
ried away on the black, hissing waves.

  During the next moments he had de-
scended the few steps; gained the door;
opened it, and deposited his charge in the
arms of her father.

  After the most approved romantic fash-
ion, Sir Thomas was beginning: “ I owe
my daughter’s life, and my own, to you!
I can never repay—”

  Arthur cut him short. “ The only pay
I want or will take is this—” He bent
and kissed the girl’s white lips, then turned
away.

  “ Where are you going?” she cried.

  “ Out on deck. There is work for us,
every one, up there! ”

  The door opened and closed; Arthur Lake
was gone.

CHAPTER XI.

SESECA FOUND.

'y'HE little ship Hopeful weathered the
storm, but when the fury was passed,
the unhappy vessel was in a sad plight.
If a clear sky and gentle, favorable wind
had not come with the morning, it would
never have been possible in that heavy sea
to patch things together sufficiently to drag
into the iittle port where Captain Knee felt
it needful for them to hasten for adequate
repairs.

  The nearest harbor being La Coruna, they
put into this little town on the coast of
Galicia.

  The second day of their stay there, Arthur
discovered that the Spaniard and his man,
in company with Sir Thomas, his daughter,
212

THE ARGOSY.

 and Tanner had abandoned the ship! Their
 departure had taken place while he was
 away on an errand for Captain Knee at
 the shipwrights.

 The captain could tell him nothing of
 the plans of his former passengers. They
 had told him they were going, and they
 had gone! He surmised that they had got
 enough of the sea, and would make the
 remainder of their journey on land.

 Arthur begged to be permitted to follow
 them.

 “ What, give up another man after all
 that have been drowned and—”

 'Arthur interrupted: “ You can surely get
 more men here—”

 “ What sort, pray, what sort? Foreign-
 ers! Look what they’ve brought upon us
 —just having them as passengers—they are
 ill luck, these heathen!”

 “ Spaniards are not heathen,” Arthur ob-
 jected.

 “ They are so mixed up with Moslems,
 I can’t tell ’em apart. There isn’t much
 difference that I can see, anyway. I have
 one left aboard—”

 “ Who?”

 “ The cook—Banny—”

 “ Is he Spanish, with that name?”

 “ Yes. His name is Esteban, but what
 could I do with such a name? It’s no
 God-fearing name—now, is it?”

 “ Suppose I jump the ship?” Arthur
 threatened.

 “You do, and I’ll kill you!” Captain
 Knee exclaimed.

 At this they both laughed.

 The young man finally asked: “ May I
 have leave to go ashore this afternoon and
 see what i can—”

 “ You may not,” the captain thundered.

 “ We sail on this tide, without fail. And
 you sail with us!”

 And it turned out as the captain said.
 Perhaps it would not have, had not the wise
 old man of the sea put Arthur below, os-
 tensibly to help Banny in the galley, but
 really where he would be safely watched.

 Shortly after the vessel was under way,
 the young man was ordered on deck and
 assigned his usual duties.

 It seemed as though there might have
 been some truth in the captain’s assertion

 that the Spaniards were trouble-bringers;'
 for, from now on, the voyage was as easy
 as it had before been arduous. Arthur
 had more free time, and this he spent with
 Will Harris, to whom he spoke of Judith
 Merton and his plans to find her. He was
 careM to avoid any mention of the locket
 that still reposed safely beside the ring and
 nine gold pieces next his skin.

   He did not tell Will the stoiy of the pic-
 ture and treasure. It was too improbable!
 Will would find it hard to believe, and
 Arthur was too fond of this simple, loyal
 friend to put such a strain upon his cre-
 dence. So he kept his own counsel, but he
 pondered his offairs a great deal and one
 day he asked Esteban if he had ever heard
 of “ Seseca.”

   “Of course!” the cook cried. “Every
Spaniard knows that name.”

   Arthur was almost dumfounded.

   “ Who is it?” he demanded.

   “ That is the name of the great Count de
Sansito—Secretary to- His Majesty King
Ferdinand of Aragon. He’s the greatest
man in Spain. Some say he can do any-
thing, even with the king himself!”

   “ Are you sure that’s who Seseca is?”

   Of course, I’m sure. I never saw him,
but I know. He has other titles—lots of
them, but first he was just plain Don Juan
de Seseca a nobody, employed by the old
King of Aragon—the father of the present
king and the Prince of Viana, him as died
so young—some say poisoned by his own
father—”

   “ How did you hear all this?”

   It s no more than everybody knows
that was born and raised in Spain.”

   Funny that grandee who was our pas-
senger did not know who Seseca was, nor Sir
Thomas Merton, either—he was often at
the Spanish Court.”

   Arthur was thinking aloud. Esteban in-
terposed by demanding: “ Did you ask
them?”

   “ Yes, and they both said ‘ No.’ ”

   “ Then,” Esteban announced with sol-
emnity, “ they both lied!”

   Arthur was silent. He knew that this
fellow spoke the truth. But why had Sir
Thomas deceived him? Why had the
giandee lied? Where had they gone—and
THE GREAT DISCOVERY.

213

why? Had Judith willingly left with no
word for him? Was she angry? No, he
knew this could not be true. She loved
him.

  She had been so gentle, so frail and help-
less the night of the storm. That was the
last time he had seen her. Was all well
with her now? Where had they taken her?
He must find her!

  But first, he must go where the court
was; for there would be the secretary—
Seseca—and from him he would learn all
that now was so mysterious.

  When they arrived in the blue bay of
Cadiz, Arthur escaped from the ship, the
first night, by slipping quietly down the
boat’s side and swimming ashore. His
preparations had consisted of penning a
scrawl to Will telling that he had gone to
find her.

  He landed, dripping, in the little low-
lying, white-housed town, where he got food,
and dried out before the stingy fire in a
cheap posada. Here he made inquiries
about the location of the court, and learned
that it was now at Granada, a city some
distance inland and to the northeast.

  Arthur Lake slept that night at this same
inn where he had eaten and, the next morn-
ing, beneath a brilliant blue sky, departed
on foot. Soon he had left the little town,
with its whitewashed houses streaked with
vermillion, glistening and gleaming beside
the sunlit sea, and entered upon the flat,
sandy, shadowless country of arid dunes,
flies, and mosquitoes, and pitiless sun.

  He spent eight days on his way, unex-
citing, but happy days, often traversing a
hilly, dusty country where he frequently
had to ask his way, but where the customs
seemed strangely familiar and satisfying.
Sometimes he had company, but more often
he went forward alone. His evident prowess
protected him from much, his shabby
clothes from more; and his beauty and
charmingly simple friendliness brought to
him still more that was very delightful.

  The land abounded in surprising con-
trasts. Hours of heat and dust and bar-
renness would be succeeded by yineyards
and grain-fields—now nearing harvest in
this tropic clime. Or silvery-green olive-
orchards and orange-groves, where the yel-

low balls were still green and the glossy,
aromatic foliage sent up a sweet smell in
the golden air, would be followed by rocky,
sunburnt plains and desolate, dry rivers.

  As he proceeded the ground became more
and more rolling, and the snowy peaks of
the Sierra Nevada came into view.

  On the eighth day, his eyes were glad-
dened by the sight of Granada, backed by
the snow-capped mountains, resplendent-
upon its hills; while above, among the dark
cypresses, towered the beautiful, ruddy
fortress of the Alhambra.

  At noon he arrived within this old city
of the Moors, which they had but recently
surrendered. And with little difficulty he
learned the whereabouts of the dwelling-
place of the king’s secretary. For the
Count of Sansito had a palace of his own!

  Arthur went to it, but, after making cer-
tain that it was the right place, he dared
not knock and demand entrance.

  Instead he walked around it several times
and then went to a posada, where he bathed,
put on fresh linen which he had bought in
the town with part of the last but four
of his gold pieces, and, as a final touch of
elegance, placed the magnificent, jeweled
ring on his forefinger! And how it glit-
tered! Strangely at odds with the strong,
well-worn hands of the usual sailor-boy.

  Thus arrayed, he wended his way to the
prisonlike palace of the king’s secretary.

  He marched up to the door and bravely
grasped the magnificent, wrought-iron
knocker. He raised it and let it fall with a
loud thud.

  He waited in sore anxiety. What was
he about to discover? Or was he about
to discover anything? He might be turned
away! No matter—he would come again,
again and again, until he learned the secret.
Then, to find Judith, and then—

  The door opened! A marvelously liv-
eried servant looked insolently at the big
fair-haired sailor.

  “ The Count de Sansito?” Arthur raised
his deep voice to interrogate.

  The servant did- not budge from where
he blocked the entrance.

  “ I would see Don Juan de Seseca,”
Arthur cried imperiously, for all that he felt
most insecure.
214

THE ARGOSY.

  As he spoke he moved his hand in a
brave attempt to wave this lackey aside.

  Suddenly the servant’s whole manner
changed. He almost groveled as he bowing-
ly besought the shabby youth to come
within.

  “ The Count de Sansito will see you
instantly.”

  In the greatest bewilderment, Arthur
Lake entered the tapestry-hung hall. The
strange Moorish lamps suspended from the
richly ornamented ceiling made little light
when, suddenly, the glare of the sunny
street was shut out—the iron-studded door
behind him had closed noiselessly!

CHAPTER XII.

THE INTERVIEW.

'T'HE magnificent corridor brought him to
a more magnificent loggia that ran
around all four sides of a large courtyard.
Over this enclosure billowed a gorgeous
tawny-pink canopy in wide stripes of alter-
nate thick and thin silk.

  Into the mysterious rosy gloom of this
flower-planted court, the lackey hastened,
and Arthur followed. The center of the
courtyard, toward which they advanced,
was occupied by a small marble pool from
which rose a single thin jet of crystalline
water, flashing like a keen rapier toward
the silken roof, and then returning upon
itself with a sleepy tinkle.

  Beside the fountain was a richly sculp-
tured bench of green, semitransparent stone,
upon which lolled a man elegantly dressed
in black velvet with touches of gold. He
looked up from watching the water circles
of the fountain.

  He was the Spanish grandee, former pas-
senger of the Hopeful!

  Before Arthur could recover from his sur-
prise, the servant spoke:

  “ Your Grace of Sansito, a messenger
from His Majesty the King!”

  The grandee started to his feet and then,
his astonishment overcofning him at sight of
the young Englishman, he fell back upon
the bench.

  As Arthur, stepping past the lackey, came
rapidly forward, Sansito’s hand flew to his

belt. A look of dismay came into his eyes
as he realized that he was unarmed.

  Arthur saw both the movement and the
look. In amazement, he asked himself:
Why does this man fear me?

  Aloud he inquired: “ Are you Don Juan
de Seseca, Count of Sansito?”

  The Spaniard jerked his head in affirma-
tion, while with his hand he motioned to
the servant. The lackey mov^fi promptly
backward until he was beyond range of
their voices, but still within view.

  “ You come from the king?” Sansito al-
most whispered.

  “ I do not!” Arthur rapped out.

  “ But my servant said—”

  Arthur interrupted: “ I was as much sur-
prised by that as you. I—”

  He got no further, for Sansito had spied
the ring. He sprang upon it, and, catch-
ing the hand, attempted to tear the jewel
from it.

  But the brawny sailor was too quick,
With little apparent effort he forced the
count back upon the bench and held him
there.

  “ Now what’s all this? What’s the mat-
ter?” he asked.

  Sansito calmed suddenly. “ Will you be
seated?” he inquired graciously.

  Arthur hesitated for a moment, and then
sat down.

  “ The ring you wear,” the count pointed,
“ is the property of His Majesty the King
of Aragon.”

“ Holy saints above!” Arthur cried. “ I
found it on the floor of the cobbler’s room.”
“That sounds probable!” Sansito sar-
castically remarked, and then he laughed.

  As the young man eyed his mysterious
trinket with growing awe, he remarked
simply: “ It’s true.”

  “ The ring is the property of my master,
the king. Give it to me. I will see that
it reaches him. I—”

  Arthur interrupted: “ I will not give it
to you. Why should I?”

  “I could take it from you,” Sansito
quietly addressed a dark-red carnation that
he was caressing.

“ It is not so easy to take things from
me, as your grace has just discovered.”
The Spaniard smiled cruelly. “ My ser-
THE GREAT DISCOVERY.

215

vants are within call,” and he trailed the
heavy-scented flower across his thin lips.

  “ They would find it no easy matter to
despoil me. I am no weakling.”

  Sansito interposed: “ My boastful young
man, don’t you realize that I can do with
you as I choose? You are alone, in my
palace!”

  Then suddenly he discarded his insolent-
ly threatening manner. “ I ask you in all
courtesy to give me that ring.” His words
were like the fountain’s music.

  “ And in all courtesy,” Arthur’s deep
voice declared, “ I refuse. Your gentle re-
quests move me no more than your threats.”
Sansito made a sharp movement. His
eyes glinted ominously. “ Young man, you
may go too far. Don’t you know I could
•—kill—you, for that matter.”

  At last the realization of his danger
yawned before Arthur. He thought quickly
and to good purpose. A lie might save
him. “ If you harmed me, what do you
suppose my friends would do?”

  “ Your friends?” Sansito echoed in alarm.
“ They know you are here?”

  Arthur smiled and nodded, wondering
just who his friends were and why Sansito
feared them. “ I have taken other precau-
tions than this simple one of bringing my
dagger.” He tapped his side.

  “ What do you want? Why are you
here?” the count demanded flatly.

  “ To—” The young man interrupted
himself. “ Why did you deceive me on the
Hopeful? You said you did not know
Seseca! You yourself are he!”

  A crooked smile twitched the diplomat-
ist’s face. “ I have that honor.”

  “ Then why did you lie?”

  The Spaniard flushed. “ Your words are
blunt, Sir Sailor.”

  “ I am an Englishman,” Arthur respond-
ed, “ my tongue knows no Latin tricks.”

  A slight silence came, and then Sansito
recited calmly: “ In that brief interview on
the boat, which you cut short, you will re-
member, you only said you must find
Seseca. I was in England on a secret and
most perilous mission for His Majesty King
Ferdinand. I feared discovery.”

  “ Was that why?” Arthur cried in a dazed
way.

  Sansito quickly took advantage of his
position. “ I dared make no admission.
Besides, Sir Thomas Merton knew who I
was. Why did he not tell you—

  “ Sir Thomas knew that you were the
Seseca for whom I was looking? He—”
Sansito interrupted: “I do not know
what Seseca you are seeking, but he cer-
tainly knew that I was Juan de Seseca,
Count of Sansito.”

   “ Then you can tell me everything,” the
youth cried radiantly.

  “ I don’t know what you mean by every-
thing.” The count feigned mystification.
“ What can I tell you?” he coldly inquired.

  “ About myself—who I am, and what my
secret is—” Arthur paused.

  “ Go on,” the other prompted.

  Then, impetuously, the handsome sailor
told of finding the locket and treasure, arid
of his loss of everything except the picture
and a remembrance of the parchment direc-
tions—to find and question Seseca.

   “ And this locket?” the Spaniard inquired
quietly. “ Where is it?”

   As the significant question floated on the
warm air, Arthur recalled old Tobit’s warn-
ing to be “ ticklish ” of this man.

   It is safe,” the youth responded enig-
matically.

  The count was watching him narrowly.
“ Upon your person?” he inquired.

   Arthur did not answer.

   “ I would like to see it.”

   “ W7hat for?” the youth showed suspicion.
“ If you can tell me everything, what good
would it do you to look at this miniature?
There is nothing written upon it, except
the words—Your Mother—and, on the out-
side, For—”

  “ For whom?” Seseca cried.

  “ That is entirely worn away,” Arthur
responded. “ Now, I have answered many
questions—you talk!”

  The handsome face had flushed with
happy anticipation; it now paled as Sansito
declared: “ There is nothing I can tell.”

  “ Why?” Arthur’s voice was harsh.

   “ Because,” the count confided, “ I know
nothing.”

   Incredulously the big sailor burst forth:
“ Know nothing?”

   “ Exactly.”
*216

THE ARGOSY.

  “ What do you mean?”

  Slowly the Spaniard remarked: “ Seseca
is a common name in Spain. There are
many of us. I know nothing about you,
my dear young giant, except what you your-
self have just confided to me.” His tone
wras too perfect in its sincerity.

  But Arthur Lake believed him.

   These words settled upon him like mighty
stones'. He had counted upon this inter-
view, never suspecting that it might all end
in nothing. He seemed to sink dejectedly
in upon himself.

  The Spaniard watched in silence. When
he thought the youth’s despondency had
reached the proper stage for his evil pur-
pose, he asked: “What’s the matter?”

  Arthur looked up. “ Everything. I—”
he paused.

   Sansito came to the rescue.

  “ There are other Sesecas. You must
hunt them out. Sooner or later you will
succeed in finding your man. I am sure
you will! You are the kind who does not
fail,” he flattered.

  Then the Spaniard smiled as he said:
“ It will take time and money, but you are
young.”

  “ Yes,” Arthur admitted, “ I’m young,
but money—” He shrugged.

  Many thoughts—questioning, miserable
thoughts—whirled about in his confused
brain.

  In the silence Seseca watched him. The
fountain trickled dreamily; the flowers gave
out their blessed perfume, and the sunlight
forsook the ruddy awning.

   Finally Arthur arose. “ I’m intruding,”
he began, “ I must beg you to forgive me,
and—”

  The Count of Sansito put his hand gen-
tly upon the unhappy man.

   “ Stay,” he solicited. “ I would talk fur-
ther with you.”

CHAPTER XIII.

THE RING AND THE LETTER.

I_1 E drew Arthur down beside him. “ I
would like to help you,” Sansito said
kindly.

  The hand which he had placed upon the

sailor’s arm still remained there, and he
gazed graciously upon his victim.

  Touched by Seseca’s evident interest, but
remembering the warning, Arthur forced
himself to demand: “ Why do you wish to
aid me?”

  “ Why? Why?” Sansito hesitated.

  Perhaps it’s your youth—perhaps—well
—sometimes there is a heart left somewhere
in the depths of even so hardened a courtier
as I. The secretary of His Majesty the
King of Spain is, after all, just a man!”
He paused and waited vainly for Arthur
to respond.

  The fragrant languor of the voluptuous
garden seemed to encompass them more
closely; the blue and orange tiles decorat-
ing the facades of the house seemed to
glisten more tenderly, and the rosy twilight
of that old Moorish courtyard, to sanctify
with its security and peace.

  Sansito was the first to speak.

  “ I can instruct you in the whereabouts
of all the Sesecas I know, and so send you
forth upon your quest, but I wish to do
more. I—”

  “ You can,” Arthur cried. “ Tell me of
Sir Thomas Merton and his daughter.”

  “ What of them?” the count parried.

  “ Where are they?”

  Sansito lied promptly: “ They have re-
turned to England.”

  “ Already?”

  The count confirmed his lie and con-
tinued gloomily: “As soon as we left the
ship, we hastened to Seville, where the
court was. Sir Thomas quickly despatched
his business and, with his daughter, started
at once for home.”

  When the silence following this was brok-
en, it was by the Spaniard, speaking as if
half asleep: “Your interest sets in the di-
rection of the daughter—yes?”

  The sailor did not reply, and Sansito
resumed: “She is very desirable — that
young lady; very beautiful and very
good—”

  “Indeed—yes!”. Arthur agreed happily.

  “ It is because of her that you wish to
learn the secret of your birth and regain
your precious gold and—”

  Arthur sighed deeply, and made a sign of
affirmation.
THE GREAT DISCOVERY.

217

  “ I would I could help you,” Sansito
thought aloud.

   Another silence followed.

  “ Would you take money?” The secre-
tary barely breathed the words.

   Arthur asked sharply: “ From you?”

  “ Why not—from me?” The question
was as musical as a song.

   “ I see no reason why I should?” Arthur
spoke stiffly, then more gently added: “I
thank you, noble count, for the offer.”
Unabashed, Sansito inquired: “You be-
lieve in this secret that your parchment
hinted?”

   His companion nodded.

   “ I think I understand.” Juan de Seseca
did not look at the youth; his eyes wan-
dered over the beautiful garden, and his
voice came slowly and softly:

   “ You feel within yourself that you have
the right to claim your loved lady’s hand,”
the Spaniard’s voice quickened, “ that in
your veins pulses good, true, noble blood.
Something fine stirs within you—you feel
yourself—almost—a king! You—”

  “ Yes. Yes,” Arthur cried. “ That is
just it. How did you know-how—”
Sansito interrupted: “ It is a way of
youth.” He smiled benignantly. “ I, too,
was young. You—you might almost be my
son.” He added sadly: “ I have no son.”
Arthur was impressed. The schemer saw
his advantage, and hastened to his goal by
slowly suggesting: “ Let me give you
money, boy. It will make your search
easier. You need better attire—and—”

   The Englishman shook his head positive-
ly. “ Thank you, my lord. Thank you—
but, no!”

   “ Then, my son, let me buy that ring of
you. It really belongs to the King of Spain.
It was stolen from me on my last mission
to England. How, I know not; nor can I
guess how it came to be found by you
in Dover. It was while I was in London
that I was robbed. King Ferdinand does
not yet know of the loss. Give me the ring.
It will save me chagrin; and you will re-
ceive its full value! You need gold—”
Arthur asked greedily: “How.much?”
The Count of Sansito clapped his hand
sharply upon the bench. The lackey sprang
to attention.

   “ Bring me the Toledo coffer,” the master
called.

   This coffer, a box of marvelous Moorish
inlay—gold on steel—was brought. San-
sito opened it by a hidden spring and took
out three bags.

   It was now that Arthur noticed that the
count did not use his left hand, and that
both were encased in fine black gloves that
opened down the back, after the Italian
style.

   “ One bag is for you,” Seseca announced,
“ one is for you to remember me by, and
the third is a momento of Mistress Judith.”
He smiled charmingly.

   “ Each contains one hundred pieces of
gold—is it a bargain—”

   He got no further, for Arthur jerked the
ring from his hand.

   “ It is yours,” he cried eagerly.

   Sansito dropped the jeweled ring into the
casket. He closed this strong box with a
sharp snap; then indicated that the lackey,
who was kneeling with it on his outstretched
arms, should take it away.

   Arthur was profuse in his thanks.

   “ That money is nothing,” the Spaniard
cried, “ it will get you nowhere with your
beloved, and that’s what counts—eh?”

   The youth blushed.

  “Sir Thomas is an ambitious man,”
Sansito announced regretfully. “ There is
talk here in Spain of an almost royal match
which he could effect if his daughter so
chose. You must get a fortune, my friend,
and quickly, too, or, better still, get fame!
Now I think of it, there may be another
way to help you.”

   Arthur was attentive.

   Sansito spoke with growing enthusiasm:

“ There is an Italian, Christopher Colum-
bus, who is about to sail from Palos on an
expedition of discovery. The Spanish
sovereigns have fitted him out with three
caravels. He promises to find lands in the
west.”

   The count did not add that his had al-
ways been one of the strongest voices raised
in doubts concerning Columbus’s undertak-
ing; instead he assured Arthur he will find
that for which he seeks, and great fame and
riches, too!

   “ You, my son, know and love the sea!”
218

THE ARGOSY.

Sansito spoke appreciatively. “ Who could
be better fitted to serve under this new
‘ Admiral of the Ocean Seas,’ as he has been
christened by Queen Isabella—who, I ask?
You should share in his triumphs!”

  The nobleman, seeing that Arthur’s inter-
est was kindled, hastened to add this offer
to the blaze: “ I can give you a letter that
will insure your place in this glorious under-
taking.”

  Arthur demanded: “ Mien does he sail?”

  “ Shortly.”

  “ But his crews are already complete.”

  “ No doubt they are,” Sansito agreed,
“ but with my letters you will be given
place.”

  He did not explain that Columbus had
encountered such extreme difficulty in secur-
ing mariners that an extra seaman would be
most welcome. An order from King Ferdi-
nand forcing men to embark had not been
sufficient; so condemned criminals had to
be freed to swell the list of those hopeless
venturers upon the Sea of Darkness!

  “ And you will do this for me?” Arthur
cried.

  “ Indeed, yes!”

  The youth turned and looked searchingly
at the overly enthusiastic nobleman.

  Sansito pretended not to notice, but has-
tened on: “ When you return as one of a
richly successful voyage of discovery, you
will find Sir Thomas Merton more ready
to listen to your prayers, and Mistress
Judith—”

  Arthur interposed: “ I will go!”

  “ It is well,” the count remarked, and
added subtly: “ And I pray it will be well!”
He did not mention to whom the benefit
should come.

  “ Now, Sir Voyager, I will hasten to pre-
pare the letter, and—” Sanisto hesitated.
“ Shall I send Don Luis to you? With his
assistance you can be properly habited be-
fore you depart—”

  “You mean you w'ish to give me better
clothes?”

  “ Why not? Those are far from—new,
and—”

  “ I thank your grace. These will answer
until I buy some for myself. In accepting
your letter, I’m obligating myself far more
than is my custom.”.

  The count shrugged. “ So be it,” he re-
plied calmly, but in his heart was disap-
pointment, for he had not discovered the
hiding-place of the miniature. He suspected
it to be upon the youth’s person, but he had
observed that no chain encircled the sailor’s
throat.

  Arthur w;as left in the beautiful garden,
now ash-color in the fading light.

  Within a short time Sansitp returned
with a document which Don Luis had writ-
ten, but which he himself had signed and
sealed with his arms.

  Arthur took the missive which bore the
inscription:

DON CRISTOBAL COLON

Adisinl of tke Ocean Seal
la the Pert »( Pale*

   By the haid of TaJlarte de Lajet

  He smiled at this grotesque Spanish ren-
dition of his own name—“ Tallarte de
Lajes ” (Arthur Lake). Little did he sus-
pect that this garbling was deliberate and
a precaution which Sansito had taken to
protect himself.

  After expressing his heartfelt thanks for
what had been done for him, Arthur left.

  The secretary stood and smiled after him.
He had given his word not to harm this
youth; and in a way he had kept that word.
All the same he had arranged to do away
with him as surely as if he had followed
any one of numerous impulses to have him
murdered. For, from this western voyage,
Sansito was firmly convinced, no one would
ever return!

  But, before the sailor left Granada, that
telltale miniature must be taken from him!

CHAPTER XIV.

PRISON.

"W^HEN the young Englishman was clear
of the Sansito Palace, he was trailed
through the gathering dusk by Don Luis
and three of the count’s stalwart servants.
THE GREAT DISCOVERY.

219

  Before sending the Jewish doctor upon
this errand, Sansito had admonished him:
“ You are not to take this young man’s
life except as a last resort; under no circum-
stances are you to permit yourself to be
recognized; and guard carefully against
these ‘ friends ’ of his. Do you under-
stand?”

  Don Luis assured his master that he did,
and departed.

  In a narrow street, behind the cathedral,
the lackeys set upon Arthur.^

  They were armed with stout sticks, and
had the advantages of number and surprise.
However, the first assault failed, and in
some trepidation Don Luis, watching from
the shadow of a deep doorway, saw that
Arthur, with his back to a blank wall,
looked ready for anything, and was calling
lustily for help.

  The ruffians, disconcerted by the amazing
strength of their prey, hesitated. No one
would venture to attack alone; but finally
they decided to rush forward in a body.

  Arthur’s continued cries awakened noth-
ing but echoes in the deserted street; the
iron-latticed, bird-cage windows projecting
from near-by houses might as well have
been openings into houses of the dead.

  As the men came upon him, the sailor
sprang forward and caught the nearest fel-
low a stunning blow under the chin. The
stricken man gave a gurgling cry, staggered
back, and falling up against the wall, closed
his eyes. But Arthur narrowly escaped the
descending club of his next companion. The
club crashed to the surprised lackey’s side;
he had been certain of hitting his man.

  Arthur sprang upon this momentarily
useless club and by sheer weight tore it
from the wielder’s hand; at the same time,
before the third knave realized what was
taking place, the sailor had drawn his poig-
nard and was upon him. He struck two
deep blows over the fellow’s heart. The
unfortunate creature shrieked, and fell
headlong into his own blood.

  By this time the second man, whose blow
the youth had so narrowly escaped, was
rearmed. He succeeded in striking the
poignard from Arthur’s hand, and at-
tempted to clinch with him. But the
sailor’s feet were not idle. He cleverly

tripped this adversary, and during the brief
moments that he was down, possessed him-
self of the dying lackey’s club and gave two
resounding whacks on the struggling brute’s
defenseless pate. Then this second man
rolled senseless into the gutter.

  Arthur’s frequent cries for help seemed
about to be answered. Noise of people run-
ning was heard.

  The remaining lackgy, just recovered
from the blow under his chin, seeing the
fate of his companions and hearing people
approaching, decided to trust to his heels.
As he fled another man joined in his flight.

  Arthur noticed him, and wondered who
this could be; and then the watch was upon
him.

  He attempted to explain his predicament,
but these officers of the law, recognizing one
of the fallen men as a lackey of the great
secretary, would listen to nothing. Pro-
testing, Arthur was taken before ah ignorant
petty official and charged with breaking the
peace, killing the Icing’s loyal, law-abiding
subjects—in broad daylight—in the open
street. These last clauses seemed in the
eyes of the official to be his most heinous
offenses.

  Arthur was allowed to say nothing in
defense, but was roughly led away to prison.
His letter to Columbus and the bags of
gold for which he had sold the ring were
taken from him, and he was thrust into a
little dark cell. Here the hot air stank
with a nauseatingly fetid odor, while rats
and worse vermin disputed his possession
of water in a handleless pitcher and a small
hunk of hard bread.

  Without, in the rough guard-room, Ar-
thur’s two jailers gossiped. He could hear
their mumblings, but not the words. They
were cooking their meager supper over a
sickly fire burning upon the hearth—a big,
flat stone in the center of the room.

  “ The yellow-head, for all his gentle man-
ners, killed one of the Count de Sansito’s
own men,” the big, tall, bristly, hollow-
jawed fellow named Tomasso announced.
He spoke with gloomy awe as he pointed to
Arthur’s cell. He moved out of the blinding
smoke, licking his fingers and munching,
then sat down.

  “ I heard it was two/’ his little com-
220

THE ARGOSY.

panion, Sebastian, a copper-colored, bald
man, complained disappointedly.

  “No—one!” Tomasso corrected noisily.
His manner was haughty, despite his rags.
“ The fellow with the broken head will
recover,” he continued. “ I know. Juan
told me. He it was that helped carry him
and the dead one to the Sansito palace!”

  “ The yellow-head had papers upon him,
too. Did you know that?” Sebastian
blinked.

  The smoky torch-light flared in the hot
breeze, fitfully revealing and obscuring the
dirt and squalor of this prison lounging-
room.

  “ Papers?” Tomasso snorted. “ Worse
than that—a letter to the fiend incarnate,
the Italian magician, Cristobal Colon,
who—”

  “ Is he a magician as well?” Sebastian
cried in horror. “ I thought he was but a
madman who sailed other folks’ ships,
and—”

  Tomasso loudly interrupted: “ If he
were not a magician how else could he
bewitch our men into sailing with him to
their deaths?”

  “ Is it to their deaths? Holy Mother!
I thought it was to find new land.” Sebas-
tian was in a sad muddle.

   “ You are a heretic and fit for hell ;s fire,
or worse, the fires of the holy inquisition!”
Tomasso thundered.

  “ Shuz! Be quiet,” Sebastian pleaded in
terror. “ Say not that. God defend me
from the holy office. I’m a true son of the
church.”

  “ I have my suspicions,” Tomasso mut-
tered, as he luxuriated in his little com-
panion’s alarm, “ especially when you say
this pilot can find new lands beyond the
great ocean.

  “ That’s what he claims. I—”

  Poor Sebastian got no further, “ You
infidel!” Tomasso cried. “Do you know
that this Colon preaches that the earth is
round; that folks walk on t’other side with
their heads down like flies on a ceiling;
that—”

  “Holy saints in God!” Sebastian moaned.
He repeatedly crossed himself and began
mumbling a protecting prayer.

  “ Do you suppose the yellow-head is like

that?” he finally ventured to inquire, sus-
piciously eying the door of Arthur’s cell.

  “ Like what?” the fierce-looking Tomasso
demanded.

  “ Wanting to make us all walk on our
heads like flies.”

  Tomasso spat in disgust. “ You are a
fool!”

  Sebastian cowered; but at last his lo-
quacity overcame his fears, and he timidly
remarked: “ And he looks so gold-pure,
and mannered like a prince; he might be
born royal as a Trastamara! You don’t
think he might be the poisoned prince?
He had yellow hair, and—”

  “ Now,” interrupted Tomasso, “ you are
fit for the inquisition, and I’ll declare
against you!” He got to his feet.

  “Oh! St. Lawrence defend me,” the
little man prayed. “ What have I said?
There’s surely nothing against God in
that—”

  “ Worse,” Tomasso pronounced awfully.
“ You spoke against the Holy Trinity.”

  “ How’s that?” Sebastian besought his
austere judge. “ I did but say—”

  “ Know you of what the blessed Trinity
is composed?”

  Sebastian looked doubtful.

  Tomasso informed him: “ ’Tis God—-
He’s first, and then the blessed King Ferdi-
nand, and then the thrice blessed Queen
Isabella. Now,” the instructor in dogma
lowered ominously above his companion.
“When you suggest this fellow is of the
royal line, you blaspheme against the
blessed Trinity, and hence are fit subject
for the holy office.”

  Sebastian was in a sad state. “ I’ll re-
cant. I’ll swear to anything. I meant no
harm. I’ll—”

  His companion emitted a filthy word and
showed him aside. “Fool!” he cried,
“ pray God to lead you no more into
temptation.”

  Little Sebastian fell upon his knees and
began his prayers; beating his breast and
calling aloud upon the divine mercy of ail
the saints in the calendar.

  The tall Tomasso looked on approvingly
until a brilliant idea came to him, then he
interrupted his fellow jailer’s devotions.

  “ Since yellow-head was rich enough to
THE GREAT DISCOVERY.

221

carry bags erf gold upon him, maybe he
might be worth helping to escape,” he an-
nounced.

   The little bald man looked up stupidly.

   “ You go in and talk to him,” Tomasso
 proposed; “ see what he will give us to
 look aside while he gets out.”

   “You come, too,” Sebastian suggested;
 “ he might knife me—alone—in the dark.”

  “ How can he knife you without any
knife?” Tomasso was indignant at his com-
panion’s stupidity. “Besides, if we both
go, and are caught conniving in this escape,
two heads would pay the penalty. One is
enough for us to risk! What say you—■
yes—yes—yes?” He advanced upon his
thicker-witted companion at each question,
insisting upon a response.

   “ Yes,” Sebastian hastened to confirm.

   Tomasso turned away to unlock the door
 of Arthur’s cell.

   Sebastian advanced, scratching his bald
 head. “ If I had not you to think for me,
 Tomasso, where would I be?” he demanded.

   The tall jailer did not answer, but turned
 away from the unlocked door and, stepping
 quickly across the room, pretended to be
 interested in something outside the barred
 window.

   Sebastian understood this trick, and
 noiselessly opening the cell door, he slipped
 into the dark little hole where Arthur, not
 daring to sit down, stood shoe-deeo in the
 filth.

   “Would you be free?” Sebastian idioti-
 cally queried after he had closed the door
 and heard his accomplice lock it on the
 other side.

   These words suggesting a happy promis*
 seemed like light breaking through the black
 clouds of Arthur’s thoughts.

  “Yes—why? Who are you?” he in-
quired.

  “Whisper!” Sebastian warned. “What
would you give?”

   “All I have,” Arthur responded promptly.

  The jailer demanded: “ How much is
that?”

   “ Four doubloons and some silver.”

  “ Have you no more?” Sebastian was
greedy, although this amount was beyond
the poor, underpaid creature’s wildest
dreams of wealth.

 “ No,” was the prisoner’s gloomy re-
 sponse.

 “ Outside you have more, eh?” Sebastian
 suggested.

 “I am a stranger in Granada. I have
 nothing more.”

 “ Will you give it to me—all—if I let
 you slip through the guard-room?”

 “ And beyond that?” Arthur demanded.

 “ Is one sentry. You can wait your
 chance and slip by him* Maybe I’ll tell
 him not to look.”

 Smiling at the discipline of this prison,
 the young Englishman cried: “ It’s a bar-
 gain.” Already he was extracting his gold
 from its hiding-place.

 “ Wait till I ask Tomasso if it’s enough,”
 Sebastian whispered. “ How much did you
 say?”

 “ Four doubloons.”

 Sebastian prompted: “And some silver
 —yes?”

 “ Yes,” the young man admitted ruefully,
 “ but I had thought you would let me keep
 that.”

 “ What for?” The jailer was suddenly
 suspicious.

 “ For traveling money,” Arthur an-
 nounced, with a wry smile.

 “ You go on a journey?” Sebastian
 showed a gossip’s quick interest.

 “ Yes,” the youth responded, “ to the
 south of Spain, perhaps farther.”

 “ Oh! then you must keep the silver,”
 Sebastian graciously conceded. Then, ap-
 prehensively, he added:

 “ But I’ll ask Tomasso.”

CHAPTER XV.

THE THREAT.

 HON LUIS returned to the Sansito palace
 humiliated and fearful. He had failed
 in a most important mission. The fact that
 he usually succeeded would weigh little with
 the count against this present failure.

 The Jew knew that for years he had
 been allowed to live on in Spain and enjoy
 safety only through the good offices of his
 master. The inquisitor-general, Torque-
 mada, had just obtained a royal edict for-
 bidding a Jew even to hold intercourse with
222

THE ARGOSY.

a Christian. All the race were now obliged
to accept baptism or exile. Don Luis had
long since officially placed himself within
the law, but he understood only too well
that his considerable wealth made him
envied, *and his surgical ability rendered
him a suspicious person, for necromancy
and medical science were almost synony-
mous to many. Sansito alone stood be-
tween him and the torture. And how would
he accept the return of his emissary empty-
handed?

  The Jew was relieved to learn that his
master was away, having been summoned
to the presence of his still greater master,
King Ferdinand. Indeed, the count did not
return until late that night. -

  But immediately upon seeing Don Luis,
early the next morning, Sansito cried:
“ Give it to me, quick!”

  The Jew stammered: “ But I have not
got it.”

  “Not got it?” Sansito was astonished.
“ Then he did not have it upon him?”
Suddenly the frightened doctor saw a
chance of escape, and hastened to lie: “ I
searched, but it was not on him. He killed
our Martin, and broke Diego’s head, and—”
His recital was interrupted by the en-
trance of a bold lackey, wTho announced:
“ The prisoner has escaped. The—”

  “ What prisoner?” the count cried in
angry bewilderment.

  Don Luis went pale, but did not speak.
The master demanded: “ What pris-
oner?”

  The lackey spoke up: “ The one as killed
Martin and almost murdered Diego.”

  “ That Englishman in the clutches of the
law! ” Sansito was thinking of all that
Arthur might reveal. Turning upon the
trembling doctor, he demanded sternly:
“ Why did you not tell me this?”

  “ I did not know,” the Jew began.

  Sansito interrupted angrily: “ You knew
that he had been taken into custody?”

  “ Yes.”

  “ Why did you not inform me last
night?”

  Don Luis cringed.

  “ Answer! ”

  “ He has escaped now.” The Jew at-
tempted to mitigate his master’s wrath.

  “ Escaped?” Sansito derided. “ Yes, but
how? With whose help? What may he
have told? What-—this must be^”

  He paused to glare at an intruding
servant.

  “ What do you want, sirrah?” he snarled.
The servant stood rigid and announced
solemnly: “ His Most Catholic Majesty
King Ferdinand of Aragon commands the
immediate presence of His Grace of San-
sito.”	*

  The count looked perturbed. His own
position at court was just now most pre-
carious. He must respond at once to this
royal command, but this other matter was
also most serious.

  Hurriedly he dismissed the two servants;
then, catching Don Luis fiercely by the arm,
he cried: “ Go and find this young English-
man. It makes no matter where he is.
Find him, I say! Find him and bring him
here to me. Go! It makes no difference;
nothing makes any difference. I must have
him here—safe with me.”

  Don Luis was about to ask some neces-
sary question, but his master, thinking that
he was going to make objection concerning
his orders, cried fiercely: ,“Do you know
what happened at court yesterday?”

  The Jew made no response. A sickening
fear came upon him.

  Sansito hastened to recount: “ Two of
the richest members of your race, attempt-
ing to avert their doom, had presented
enormous sums to his majesty. Yesterday,
while King Ferdinand was considering this
offer, Torquemada himself appeared sud-
denly in the royal presence. Holding up
a crucifix, he cried: ‘Lo! Here is the
Crucified, whom Judas sold for thirty pieces
of silver. Will you sell Him again for thirty
thousand?’

  “ King Ferdinand feebly expostulated.

  “ But the raging inquisitor interposed
passionately: ‘ I, at any rate, will have no
part in the transaction!’

  “ He threw down the crucifix and left
the room.

  “ This,” Sansito smiled cruelly, *' to his
majesty! Now you see where you stand.”
White with fear and trembling, Don Luis
looked beseechingly at his master.

  “ Go to the prison,” Sansito commanded,
THE GREAT DISCOVERY.

223

“ find out everything you can. Then find
him. If you do not bring him here—well.”
The Spaniard extended his open hands with
a graphic gesture. “ Do you understand?”

   “ Yes.”

  For a few moments Sansito gloated over
the abject misery of his doctor. Cruelty
shone in the count’s eyes, and the fire of
fanatical religious zeal seared his heart. No
one better than he appreciated that this
cringing creature was a rich and talented
man, forced by necessity to call him master.

  When the Count of Sansito’s hideous
passion was satiated, he turned on his heel,
hastening to obey the summons of the king.

CHAPTER XVI.

SANSITO ENTRAPPED.

"WHAT can King Ferdinand want at
this ungodly hour?” the secretary
muttered as he dismounted at the gate of
the Alhambra. He dismissed all but two
of his attendants and walked haughtily past
the saluting guard.

  Although it was late July, the morning
air was chill here on the hilltop, and the
count drew his light cloak more closely
about him. The beautiful palace was be-
fore him, and he was thinking regretfully
how7 it might have been his if the queen
had not overcome her fear that witchcraft
lurked in its painted stones.

   For at first the pious Isabella had been
repelled by the regal abode of the van-
quished Moors. Now she had become
reconciled to the heathenish beauty of its
colorful bejeweled halls; and, in this Orien-
tal dream-palace of many courts, sculptured
fountains, vistaed pools and lovely gardens,
the most magnificent sovereigns of Christen-
dom held sway.

  The Count of Sansito traversed various
beautiful apartments, encountering few ex-
cept the sentinels, until he arrived at the
royal antecourt. Here was the usual crowd.
He spoke gravely to some, flippantly to
others, and ignored the deep bows of still
more.

   Hastening to the door of the inner room,
where their majesties held state, he opened
it and entered unannounced, exercising a

privilege the ceremonious sovereigns allowed
to few.

  At the far end of this beautifully carved
and painted apartment, which was further
embellished by rich tapestry hangings, sat
the sole occupant of the room—King Ferdi-
nand of Aragon.

   His great chair was upon a slightly raised
platform, a long table before him and, im-
mediately by his side,^ an empty chair,
intended for his wife, the Queen of Castile.
Over all was draped a magnificent ruby-
velvet canopy, which bore the golden arms
of the united kingdoms.

  The king was superbly dressed in maroon
and red-brown with slashings of pale blue.
He was rather a handsome man, and de-
cidedly kingly in appearance. His abun-
dant fair hair was bobbed square, except
for a curved line that ran from the straight
bangs on the temple to below the ear, and
his strong-featured face was beardless.

  The cold, calculating eyes looked up
sharply at the intrusion, but his majesty
spoke very deliberately: “ You are late. I
have waited long.”

  He pushed the shining, straight hair back
from his shrewd, somewhat sensual face,
and then placing his beautiful hands on
the table gazed proudly upon them.

  “ How can I serve your majesty?” San-
sito placated.

  “ By telling me why, and for what, that
old fossil from the barbarian king keeps
annoying me?”

  The courtier smiled. “ By which you
mean Sir Thomas Merton, envoy from the
King of England?”

   Ferdinand sniffed luxuriously as with sar-
casm he remarked: “Brilliantly guessed.
Now, what does he want; tell me that?”

  “ As your majesty knows, it is about this
marriage of your daughter, Dona Catherine,
and the Prince—”

  Ferdinand interrupted: “It’s more! I’ve
been pestered for an interview about that
for days. But this is something new. He
clamored at dawn to-day for immediate
audience.”

  The secretary, filled with vague alarm,
cried: “ Have you seen him?”

  “ No,” the king replied, and shifted his
velvet-shod feet to another place on the
224

THE ARGOSY.

warm, wide rim of the great copper and
brass brazier beneath the table at which he
was sitting.

  “ I wanted to speak first with you,” Fer-
dinand drawled. “ You have always advised
on these English matters more or less to my
satisfaction.”

  Sansito, feeling apprehensive of this
smooth beginning, smiled and bowed.

  The king looked a trifle surprised by this
nervousness of his secretary. “ What is it
all about?” he inquired.

  “ I do not know,” Sansito soothed, “ but
I will soon learn. He is without. I saw—”

  While speaking, the count had started
toward the outer door, but the king cried:
“ That will not do. I must see the old fool.
England must be treated with respect. I
have held off, perhaps, too long, but other
things were more pressing—Catherine is a
baby still, and—-” he paused and looked
searchingly at Sansito.

  “ There is nothing you can tell me to
illumine my way in this interview?” his
majesty astutely demanded.

  The secretary grew uncomfortable be-
neath the scrutiny of those clear eyes.
Much was going on in his brain. First, he
was wondering what the king suspected.
And next, what ailed the English envoy. He
knew that Sir Thomas had a right to be
impatient. He had promised to support
him in this marriage business, and had done
what he could, but King Ferdinand was
slow and cautious. After the official recep-
tion of the envoy no progress had been
made.

  Could it be possible that Sir Thomas had
learned of the attack upon Arthur, and
construing this in the light of the king’s
indifference, decided that the secretary had
played false? Was the old man about to
reveal everything to King Ferdinand? No
•—no, that was impossible. Sansito vehem-
ently told himself.

  But, all the same, this was very close
to the truth. For the trusty Tanner, dis-
covering about the fight, had reported to
his master. The account of this cowardly
onslaught had roused the ire of the old
Englishman to a great heat. His sense of
justice was so outraged that he forgot all
diplomacy; the necessity for immediately

employing every possible means to preserve
Arthur, had urged him to apply at the king’s
door at dawn.

  A change in regard to the young sailor
had been growing upon Sir Thomas these
last weeks; after closely observing Judith,
and talking repeatedly and earnestly with
her, he had been forced to understand that
his daughter’s .future happiness was irre-
vocably intertwined with the life of Arthur
Lake.

  As the Count of Sansito remained pen-
sively unresponsive, the icy voice of King
Ferdinand broke through the troubled si-
lence: “Call in the English envoy!” he
commanded.

  “ I will talk with him first,” the count
announced with dignified assurance. “ I
might save your majesty—”

  He got no further. “ Do as you are bid,”
the royal master snapped. Within a few
minutes Sir Thomas Merton entered, the
chamber.

  Without acknowledging the bow of San-
sito, whose presence at this interview both
surprised and annoyed him, the old English-
man almost ran to King Ferdinand and
threw himself on his knees before the
sovereign.

  When commanded to arise, Sir Thomas
cried: “ I come to your majesty as a sup-
pliant, in the name of justice and humanity.

I—”

  " What have you to say, old man? Rise
and speak.” Ferdinand was, as usual, cour-
teous, cold, observant and superlatively
regal.

  “ Last night,” Sir Thomas began as he
arose, “ a young man was set upon by
servants of his!” He pointed angrily at
the secretary.

  The king did not even look interested,
although he had noted that Sansito changed
color.

  .“Their intent was murderous!” Sir
Thomas announced witheringly. “ The
youth routed them—God be thanked! But
he is now in prison. I pray your majesty
to protect him.”

  The king did not reply, but looked in-
quiringly at Sansito, who also remained
silent, although a cruel smile threatesed t©
appear upon his face.
THE GREAT DISCOVERY.

225

  The count was overjoyed to learn that
Sir Thomas did not know of Arthur’s
escape, hence had probably had no hand
in it.

  He was thinking. There is no one then
to deal with but the sailor himself, and
Don Luis will soon overtake him, and, once
again in my power, the trouble-maker shall
cease to cause anxiety.

  The old Englishman ran on: “ And all
this in spite of the fact that he ”—again
he pointed his shaking finger at the count—
“ he had promised me faithfully not to
harm him.”

  “ And who is this sorely pressed youth?”
Ferdinand sneered.

  “ One whom I thought to be English, but
who now, I have reason to suspect, is un-
comfortably close to the Spanish royal
house,” Sir Thomas responded with angry
dignity.

  “ Meaning by that, just what?” the king’s,
tone was unbelievably insolent.

Sir Thomas was angry and lost his head.
“ It is just possible,” he cried, “ that he
is the son of that Prince of Viana who was
the older half-brother of your majesty.”
Ferdinand announced wearily: “ My
brother of Viana was never married.”

  “ That, your majesty, I must deny,” Sir
Thomas spoke more gently. He was still
angry, but also he was beginning to appre-
ciate that he had gone too far, and was
looking for an opportunity to retreat. “ I
was present at the wedding,” he added half
apologetically .

  “ When was this?” the king demanded.

  “ Just before King John II of Aragon—
his and your majesty’s father—imprisoned
the prince for the last time.”

  At first Ferdinand did not speak; when
he did it was to query: “ And the wife?”
“Was Eleanor of Durham, a young En-
glish girl who had previously forsaken home
and family for love of him.”

  “ And this Eleanor of Durham, I suppose,
was a close relation of yours?” the king
inquired meaningly.

  “ No.” Sir Thomas drew himself up
haughtily. “ She was the only child of the
English ambassador to the Court of Naples.
After the father’s death she and her old
mother lived on in the same city. It was
5 Argosy

there she saw and loved Don Charles of
Viana, for that unhappy prince found it
expedient to live in Italy—”

  Ferdinand interrupted to ask: “ What
do you mean by expedient?”

  Sir Thomas attempted diplomacy.
“ King John, his father,” he began, “ felt
the Kingdom of Navarre more easy to gov-
ern, with his son, to whom it was said to
belong, living in distant Naples.”

  The king narrowed his eyes as he cried
angrily: “ And I suppose, next, you will
tell me that my father, abetted by my dear
mother, had the Prince of Viana, my half-
brother, poisoned while in prison so that the
crown should come to me, the younger, but
more favored—eh?”

  Sir Thomas Merton understood that he
was treading on the edge of his own grave,
but he did not show the least fear; he knew
that to quail before Ferdinand now would
mean immediate disaster. He spoke braz-
enly:

   “ I had no intention of repeating that old
and terrible tale, although I have heard it
more than once, and’ there are those, greater
than I, who do believe it.”

  Before this attack, the king quickly re-
gained his usual calm. He spoke slowly,
weighing each word: “ And you say there
is a son of this Prince of Viana?”

  “ No, your majesty,” Sir Thomas inter-
posed, “ I did not say there was a son—
although this youth is so like Eleanor of
Durham that it is surprising I did not sus-
pect it before—”

  “You have known him long?” the king
pursued.

  “ He grew up in Dover,” Sir Thomas ex-
plained. “ But I knew nothing of his pre-
tentions until just before I sailed, this time,
for Spain. I at once told the Count of San-
sito what I suspected, and he swore me to
secrecy—”

  “ Where was this?” The suspicious mon-
arch was now hot on a scent.

  “In Dover, last month.” Sir Thomas
announced, as he did so Sansito, who had
been tortured by this interview which he
dared not interrupt, darted toward the Eng-
lishman a look of undying hatred.

  “ In Dover?” King Ferdinand yawned.
“ I don’t seem to remember this English trip
226

THE ARGOSY.

of yours to Dover. I was told my secretary
was in Portugal. Explain!” he snapped at
the count.

CHAPTER XVII.

REVENGE.

OANSITO came forward in silence, and
stood before the king. He seemed to
be attempting to usurp the very spot occu-
pied by the old Englishman.

  “ Your majesty,” he began, “ I am being
forced into an ugly comer.”

  Sir Thomas would like to have inter-
rupted to say: “ You are about to force me
off my feet,” but he dared not.

  “ You recall the beautiful jewelled ring
that was mysteriously stolen from you some
weeks ago?”.the count asked.

  King Ferdinand narrowed his thick lips
and slightly inclined his 'head.

  “ That ring,” Sansito resumed, “ I deter-
mined to regain for your majesty. Because
when you took it from your finger that last
time, I was the only person you could re-
member as being present. Had I been—well
—other than myself—I should certainly
have been accused of theft!”

  The king tapped the table with the pol-
ished nails of his forefingers. This recital
evidently bored him, and he made no effort
to disguise the fact.

  Undismayed, the secretary continued: “ I
asked for leave, urging Portugal and my es-
tates there as an excuse. I did go to Por-
tugal; then, a clue led me to Dover, where
I encountered Sir Thomas, about to sail on
the same vessel with me. He spoke of this
supposed son of the Prince of Viana. I im-
mediately discovered that there were no
adequate proofs upon which to base the fel-
low’s pretentions; however, I besought Sir
Thomas Merton to forget the whole matter
and never to speak of it again to any one. I
even agreed to repay his discretion by aiding
his suit to your majesty. That suit is the
urging of the Spanish-English marriage.”
Sansito darted a swift, venomous look at
the old diplomat.

  A scowl of displeasure was settling upon
the king’s face, but he refrained from inter-
rupting.

  “ I also promised Sir Thomas to make no
attempt to put this youth out of the world.

A silly promise, I will admit.”

  Sansito paused, awaiting some response
from the king, but only a calm, bored look
met his inquiring gaze, and he was obliged
to continue:

  “ The boy is a common sailor. He ac-
companied us on our return voyage. The
daughter of Sir Thomas’s—your majesty
was pleased to comment upon her beauty
yesterday, when you passed her in the com-
pany with Dona de Torres—was on the
same vessel! The sailor has his eyes upon
her!” Sansito’s look was insinuating.

  Sir Thomas made an angry movement but
dared not interrupt.

  The count drew himself up proudly as he
began his final revelation.

  “ Yesterday,” he began slowly, “ this
sailor called upon me. He offered to sell
me the ring—”

  Ferdinand interrupted: “ What, my
ring?”

  “ The same, and—”

  “ Where had he gotten it?” the king de-
manded.

  “ I am coming to that, your majesty,”
Sansito propitiated. “ I bought the ring!”

  “ Why? Why did you bargain with—”
King Ferdinand did not finish.

  To cover the awkward pause, the count
quickly cried: “ I will reveal all that in
time. I beseech your majesty’s patience.”

  “ Proceed at your own pace,” Ferdinand
decreed.

  “ I was not ready to accuse this youth of
treason,” the secretary explained; “ I was
not ready to reveal the deep plot upon which
I chanced to stumble. I am not now!”
He looked reproachfully at the king. “ I
would feign have had more proofs. But
my hand was forced by this gentleman.”
He glared at Sir Thomas Merton.

  “ Proceed! ”

  “ For a large sum I bought the ring. I
have it here.” Sansito opened his embroid-
ered pouch, but did not immediately display
the jewel.

  “ My lackeys saw the considerable
amount of gold pass to the sailor. It proved
too much for their cupidity. They followed '
and set upon the youth, intending to rob
THE GREAT DISCOVERY,

227

him. He killed one and. wounded the other;
but was himself taken in charge by the
watch,, and imprisoned!”

  Sansito drew forth the jewelled ring,, and
was about to pass it to the king..

“ Your majesty is unaware,” the secre-
tary began, “ that this ring was originally
the property of the last Prince of Viana—”
“ No,” Ferdinand corrected, “ the jewel
was my father’s. He gave1 it to me.”

  “ Pardon, your majesty,” Sansito inter-
posed, “ your father first received the ring
as a gift from his son—the Prince of Viana,
at the time when he liberated and conferred
upon the prince the title of Lieutenant of
the Realm.”

  Sir Thomas peered at the jewel which
Sansito had placed upon the table.

  “ That .ring was the property of Charles
of Viana,” he corroborated.

  King Ferdinand crossed himself, and
gazed with aversion at the one-time treas-
ured trinket.

   “ I will never touch it again,” he declared.

    I think your majesty can see everything
now! ” However, the count hastened to ex-
plain: “ That ring was stolen for one who
gave it to the pretended son of its original
owner—such possession strengthened the
youth’s claims-—you see? And the one for
whom it was stolen is he who aspired to
have his daughter called ‘ Princess of Viana
•—Queen of Navarre—Queen of Aragon.’ ”
“ Good God! ” Sir Thomas gasped, and
raised his old hands to his turbid brain.

“ But why did the pretender sell the ring
to you,. Sansito?” King Ferdinand’s cold,
suspicious voice'tiroJie‘tne pstesionate silence.
The count was ready for the question,

  “ Because,” he responded, “ the youth is
not the ambitious one of the conspiracy.
He was temporarily separated from the di-
rector of the enterprise. He wanted money,
and I offered a goodly sum! The fellow did
not understand the full significance of. the
ring. Everything is not always explained to
one’s tools.” Again that poisonous look
was darted at the old Englishman.

  “ Sir Thomas Merton,” King Ferdinand
drawled, “ until this most serious matter is
properly investigated, I must ask that you
take the utmost care of yourself. The air
outside the Alhambra I am sure would not

agree with, either your health or that of your
fair daughter.”

  Suddenly the old diplomat was aroused
to action. “ Surely, you do not believe this
pack of lies! You cannot! I do not see
my way—all is a haze of deceptions and
diabolic tamperings with the truth. I must,
think—”

   “ Exactly/’ the king interrupted, “ that is
just what I wish you to do. I suspect noth-
ing. Sir Thomas. The envoy of England is
above conspiring against the crown of
Spain! I only ask that you be cautious
until the matter is thoroughly sifted. I am
certain that, -with your valuable assistance,
all can be unraveled,

  “ Now,, will you leave us? I have much
to discuss with my secretary. And, remem-
ber, the walls of the Alhambra are a sure de-
fense for you. against everything. Avail
yourself of their security—remain within!”
There was nothing for the old man to do
but withdraw. He did so in angry bewild-
erment, knowing full well that all King Fer-
dinand’s courtesy meant nothing; he and
Judith were as much prisoners as if they
were in the deepest dungeons of the king-
dom!

  The moment they were alone, the king
demanded of Sansito-: “ How long have you
known that there was a possible heir to
Charles of Viana?”

  “ Not until I discovered it from the lips
of Sir Thomas Merton, at Dover, last
month,” Sansito lied convincingly.

  “ What does this boy know—what proofs
has he—do you believe his tale?”

  ‘<,Tiour majesty overwhelms me,'” the
count cried. “ The last question needs no
answer. I believe nothing that would, in any
way harm you! But there is no test put
upon my loyalty in this case; the boy knows
nothing, has no tale to tell! He possesses
a miniature of Eleanor of Durham upon
which is scratched ‘ your mother.’ He found
this locket upon, the neck of his dead father,
a cobbler of Dover. Sir Thomas Merton has
dene the rest—”

Ferdinand interrupted him. “You are
strangely revengeful upon that old man.
Take care, or you will make me suspect that
there is something yet to be revealed.”
Sansito bowed low to hide his chagrin.
228

THE ARGOSY.

», The king remarked: “ You say this youth
is imprisoned. I would see him—have him
Brought—”

  “ Your majesty,” the count began timid-
ly, “ he has escaped.”

  “ Escaped?”

  “Yes,” the secretary nodded desperately.
“ Sir Thomas does not know this. I did
not, until just as I wras summoned to appear
before you.”

  “ He is at large?” The king’s voice
showed genuine feeling.

  “ Yes, your majesty, but I have already
taken precautions. He will be found. I
have sent one to search—”

  “ Sent one—send ten—send twenty,” the
king cried. “ No—send no more. Arouse
no alarm. Go yourself. Immediately. Re-
port to me to-night.”

  The secretary started toward the door.

  “ Here — take this. Keep it. It is
yours.” The king pointed to the beautiful
ring of the some time Prince of Viana.

  Sansito hastened back to accept the gift.
“ I thank your majesty,” the count cried.

  Ferdinand responded: “ And I trust
you.”

  The Count of Sansito smiled delightedly.
He felt himself secure in his lord’s good
graces, and departed in high spirits, little
dreaming that the wily king was having him
followed by a spy.

CHAPTER XVIII.

ILLNESS.

T'HE king’s secretary returned to his
own palace. It was near noon, and
the weather, by one of those violent changes
characteristic of Spain, had become almost
tropic. Worn by the anxieties, of the
morning, he felt ill, and dared not venture
again into the hot sun.

  Dejectedly he thought of the king’s dis-
covery of the existence of Arthur Lake.
His majesty’s determination to interview the
youth was very alarming. Arthur would
surely speak of the lost parchment, and then
would ensue the fatal revelation of the
name “ Seseca.” And Spain contained no
other of that name beside himself!

  Arthur’s recital of his discovery of the

hidden gold, its robbery, and the mysterious
stranger would be of little consequence.
“ But the severed finger! ” Sansito moaned
with apprehension.

  His majesty had long since discovered the
mutilated condition of his secretary’s hand.
Seseca had explained that it was the result
of blood-poison, and that his doctor had de;
creed the amputation.

  But King Ferdinand was astute. He
would put all the evidence together, and ar-
rive somewhere near the truth.

  “ No, the king must not see Arthur
Lake!” the secretary murmured. “But
also, I must conduct myself with the utmost
circumspection. All will be saved if Don
Luis discovers the sailor and apprehends
him.”

  But the da^ wore on, and still the Jew
did not return, and the unhappy count wor-
ried more and more.

  In the cool of the afternoon, although
feeling very ill, Sansito sallied forth in
search of news and was trailed by the king’s
spy, but he did not suspect it.

  The count discovered nothing of conse-
quence, but several times he heard of Don
Luis’s activities in the same quarters.

  “ I have trained him well,” the master
commented to himself. “ He is proceeding
in this investigation as I myself would do,
but I want results! I hope he has already
finished his man, or at least brought him a
prisoner to the palace.”

  Hopefully, the secretary returned home.
But Don Luis was not there. Anger, fear,
and disappointment struggled for mastery,
but outwardly there was no evidence of the
mental conflict until, suddenly, a fit of diz-
ziness overcame Sansito, and he staggered
blindly into the beautiful, rosy courtyard.
There he was seized by violent attacks of
vomiting, and was led away to bed. After
a time, in the cool of his monastically bare
bedchamber,'he felt better, and set himself
to think over his situation.

  After all, would he be so pleased if Arthur
Lake were destroyed? He had the proofs
that this youth was the royal heir, and, in
case anything went wrong with the present
regime, and Arthur still lived, here was the
new king!

  It is due Sansito to say that never did the
THE GREAT DISCOVERY.

229

prospect of Si at personal advantage accru-
ing. to the one who places a monarch on his
throne influence his actions. He loved
Spain and her interests far more than he did
himself!

   It was to insure a ruler for his dear coun-
try that he had aided old Tobit (then a
young retainer, faithful unto death to Elea-
nor of Durham) to escape with the baby
prince. This he had done immediately upon
discovering that the inhuman grandfather
was planning to destroy both parents.

   As long as the old grandfather lived, San-
sito had preserved the helpless little heir.
And when Ferdinand came to the throne,
still he had preserved the young hope, while
he watched and waited to see how fair and
just to Spain this new monarch would be.
And the King of Aragon had ruled better
and more wisely than any prince that the
peninsula had even had.

   Sansito, then, seeing useless danger in the
existence of the little prince, Whose dead
father had been the people’s hero, decided
upon the secret trip to Dover, where lie ex-
pected to buy Tobit’s silence and all the
proofs of the youth’s identity.

   To establish himself in the old servant’s
eyes, he had taken the dead Prince of
Viana’s ring. It was a token agreed upon
when the baby was spirited away. For little
could any one have foreseen that this jewel
would become a valued possession of the old
king who had poisoned its owner. But King
John had always refused to part with the
ring, and had ultimately left it to Ferdi-
nand. After deciding to go to Dover, San-
sito had to wait; for months vainly seeking
an opportunity to steal this ring. King Fer-
dinand was as tenacious of it as his father
had been, and the jewel always adorned his
hand. Finally, the count had secured it,
and then hastily departed, supposedly for
Portugal, really for Dover.

  Never had he calculated upon the stub-
born refusal of Tobit to be a party to the
obliterating of the prince’s identity.

   “ If he hadn’t angered me,” Sansito mut-
tered, “ I should never have murdered the
old fellow. And then, all these other events
would not have come crowding upon me—
so fast—so fast that I cannot think. What
am I to do? What will happen next?”

  The sick man tossed helplessly. A cold
sweat broke out upon him.

  “ If Ferdinand discovered that for years
I fostered this son of Charles of Viana!’
Sansito shuddered. “ But can he ever dis-
cover this?”

  The power to reason was slipping from
his fevered brain. Flis head seemed to ex-
pand and contract with painful persistence.
The count moaned aloud, and the blackness
that had seemed to be creeping upon him
now engulfed him and Juan de Seseca sank
into a stupor.

  The night passed, and, from daybreak on,
the sick man grew steadily worse. His doc-
tor did not return, and the servants became
panic-stricken. In vain they tried to get
another doctor, but physicians were very'
scarce, for the two races, Moors and Jews,
representing almost the entire medical skill
of the day, were being expelled in droves
from the kingdom.

  News of the secretary’s illness was taken
to the palace, and King Ferdinand seemed
as deeply concerned as he ever was by an-
other’s affairs, and, learning that Sansito
was without medical care, he sent his own
doctor.

  This man of science returned to his mas-
ter with the report that, in his estimation,
the Count of Sansito would never recover!

' Six days passed, and the patient’s condi-
tion continued desperate, but on the seventh
day he showed signs of mending.

  All this time nothing had been heard of
Don Luis Levy, and the reason was, that
the Jew had made no effort to return!
Indeed, he had made every endeavor to dis-
guise his whereabouts from the Sansito
household.

  On the morning that his master had been
summoned to the interview with the king
and Sir Thomas Merton, Don Luis had gone
to visit the prison, as instructed by the
count. He had discovered nothing from the
jailors except that Arthur, in what seemed
to be a miraculous fashion, had escaped
through locked doors!

  Don Luis was presented with the confis-
cated letter addressed to Columbus, but no
mention was made of the three bags of gold.

   The little doctor had departed in despair,
and spent the remainer of the day in fren-
230

THE ARGOSY.

zied efforts to find some trace of the fugitive.
His search was vain!

  In the late afternoon the Jew’s terror
somewhat subsided, or rather, he was
calmed by the prospect of immediately put-
ting into action a plan which he had con-
ceived.

  It was a desperate chance he was about to
take, but the case was worse than desperate.

  He procured a mule and quitted Granada,
taking the road to the west.

  On this road Arthur Lake, afoot, had pre-
ceded him by some twelve hours.

  Don Luis passed him on the second night,
at Loja, where the almost penniless sailor
was sleeping in the open field; but neither
suspected the presence of the other, and
Don Luis continued his journey.

CHAPTER XIX.

TALLARTE DE LAJES.

P*OR several days following this, Arthur’s
way led along the same road he had
traversed on his journey to Granada. But
now he was obliged to go more slowly,
stopping from time to time to labor for
necessary food.

  The enthusiastic expositions of Sansito
concerning the glory to be won by adventur-
ing with Columbus had deeply impressed
the young sailor. There was nothing now
to hold him in Spain; Judith had left; so he
had determined to attempt (even without an
introduction) to join the admiral.

  He arrived at Palos late in the afternoon
of the second day of August, and hastened
through the little town to the Bar of Saltes,
where the three vessels comprising the fleet
of Columbus were anchored.

  With some difficulty the penniless Eng-
lishman got some one to row him out to
the flag-ship. And with not oversanguine
hopes, the young sailor presented himself to
an officer aboard the Santa Maria, and blus-
teringly demanded speech with the admiral.

  The supercilious individual to whom he
addressed this request said that such a thing
was impossible; Columbus was far too busy.
“ He sails for the unknown to-morrow, an
hour before dawn.”

  Arthur was overjoyed to have arrived in

time. “ I did not allow myself much mar-
gin, did I?” he remarked, laughing.

  The officer made no comment, and Ar-
thur, feeling that he must propitiate this
person, continued affably: “ But I’m lucky
to be here at all. And I must speak with
the admiral.”

  “ You can not.”

  “ But I must,” Arthur persisted.

  The officer sniffed and walked away.

  Arthur followed him, and boldly ven-
tured: “Tell Don Cristobal that I come
from the Count of Sansito, secretary to His
Majesty, King Ferdinand.”

  The haughty officer looked surprised, but
went to deliver this message. And Arthur
Lake waited, wondering if he had been a
fool to send such an announcement—he, a
fugitive from justice—a beggar, ragged and
stained from a long tramp across Spain.

  It was a daring thing to demand an au-
dience with a great navigator on the busy
eve of his departure upon the greatest voy-
age man had ever conceived! A daring
thing to do even if one’s credentials were all
right, and Arthur had no credentials!

  The officer returned and bade this ragged
sailor follow him.

  Radiantly Arthur entered the captain’s
cabin, and was ushered into the presence of
Christopher Columbus.

  The great man sat silent before his table,
on which were many charts, nautical instru-
ments, and piles of papers closely written.
He was not a large man; his white, bushy
hair, that had long since receded from
his noble brow, and his heavily seamed,
weather-beaten face declared him to be past
mid-life. But Arthur felt that he had never
approached any one so alive. It was as
though a tremendous fire of energy burned
within the man, vivifying the air about him.

  His great eyes, of Italian softness, turned
inpiringly upon the visitor; but Arthur
could not speak. This man, eloquent in his
silence, disconcerted him.

  Columbus’s eyes, keen for all their soft-
ness, noted how ill this youth’s costume be-
fitted the emissary of a great noble, but
such discrepancy did not arouse any doubts
He had himself served princes, and worn
rags of necessity at the same time. The
world was a strange place.
1

THE GREAT DISCOVERY.

231

  He rather liked this youth because of his
garments—they reminded him of himself.
If only he had not come from the expedi-
tion’s arch enemy—Sansito!

  The admiral suddenly appreciated that he
must be on his guard, no matter how much
his instinct declared in favor of this young
man.	•

  “ What is your business?” the Genoese
finally asked.

  “ I must go with you on this great
voyage,” Arthur cried. He spoke eagerly,
and words flowed eloquently from him, al-
most without his knowing what he said. He
realized that by his prayful rhapsody he
must work a miracle. Columbus must see
how determined he was to be a part of this
glorious adventure, and must, even at this
last minute, add another to his crew!

  First his listener regarded him with sur-
prise; then, for a moment with quick sus-
picion, for the admiral had the true Italian
fear of being laughed at. But the youth’s
enthusiasm was too sincere to be doubted,
and upon the stern face of Columbus settled
an expression of amused interest.

  He was recalling how he had despairingly
sought to gain his fellow-voyagers—how it
had been a triumph, after hours of persua-
sion, to win a reluctant “ Yes ” from some
hard-pressed sailor—and here was a splen-
did seaman begging to be taken!

  The admiral smiled with admiration,
and pleasure; and then across his happy
thoughts came a memory of the narrow,
conceited, self-satisfied Sansito, who had
opposed him at every turn with the crafty
conservatism of fanatical bigotry and iron-
clad ignorance.

  Columbus interrupted the youth: “ Why
is your master so desirous of having you go
along? There are surely spies enough with
me—the cautious groom of the king’s cham-
ber, jealously and coldly overlooking my
every move, and always striving to curb me,
Sansito already has sent one—last week. I
took him! He’s a good surgeon. And, I’ll
take you if you are willing to do a seaman’s
work—”

  s<< Willing, and able, too,” Arthur cried.
“ I have sailed the sea before.”

  “ I have many that have not,” Columbus

(To be continu<

rejoined bitterly. “ But are you not afraid?”
the admiral seemed incredulous.

  “ I am not!” Arthur declared stoutly.

  There ensued a short silence, broken by
the older man. “ Are you a good Catholic?”
Columbus’s concern was genuine.

  “ I try to be,” Arthur responded.

  “ Then get you into town and confess and
receive the Blessed Sacrament. I take none
with me,” declared the pious admiral, “ but
those lately shrived by H81y Church.

  “ I will enter you on the lists,” Columbus
decreed, “ and keep you on this ship. And,”
he added, acidly, “ you can then watch me
better—”

  “ I am no spy!” the young sailor cried.
“ I but used the name of the Count of- San*
si to to gain your presence; it was refused
me at first.”

  “ I ask no questions,”, the admiral spoke
haughtily. “ I take you, no matter whose
man you are. Return before midnight.
And your name?” The Italian opened his
record book.

  “ Arthur Lake,” the youth replied.

  “ An Englishman?”

  “ Yes.”

  Columbus was surprised, and his suspi-
cions were being quieted. But he paused,
quill in hand, and remarked conversation-
ally: “ Sansito’s man was styled ‘ Tallarte
de Lajes ’•—do you know him? He brought
letters of recommendation.”

  “ That letter was mine! ” Arthur cried, in-
dignantly. “ It was taken from me, and—”

  Columbus looked narrowly at his new
sailor. “A letter from the Count of San-
sito?” he asked quietly.

  “ Yes.”.

  “So!” the admiral exclaimed, sadly.
“ You do come from his grace. I feared as
much.”

  “ Where is this man? He is an impostor.
I must find him.” Arthur Lake was ex-
cited.

  “ Calm yourself, my youth,” the admiral
spoke sternly. “ I will have no quarrels or
fights on the eve of my departure—I take
you both! So what matter? Go, now,
and be shriven.” He motioned toward' the
door, and returned to his study of the
strange-looking chart.

NEXT WEEK.)
ivo Hesiiede^

v b dj

 s Kossed

^ Samuel G.Camp

IT’S a sure-enough fact. We won it—the
Big Series—and now they’re all calling
me names like the “ Miracle Man,” and
the “ Napoleon of Baseball,” and the like.
And I guess if I didn’t have a pretty level
head, in a way, and if it wasn’t for
“ Spike ” McGinnis, I’d begin to think I
was somebody. As it is—you know there’s
a saying that no man is a hero to his valet.
Well, I don’t know about that. I never
had one. But I’ll say this: I’ve got Spike
McGinnis, and no doubt in this instance it
amounts to about the same thing. I mean
that if I’m a hero you’ve surely got to show
Spike.

  As for me, of course I’m not going round
doing a lot of ballyhooing for myself; but
just the same, when forced to it, I’m will-
ing to admit that when a fellow cops the
championship of everywhere, his first sea-
son as a big-league manager, it’s quite a
little stunt—it’s stepping some. And so no
doubt it’s a good thing for me that I’ve
got Spike McGinnis handy instead of one
of these valet things, because otherwise I
might start swelling up and there’s no tell-
ing where it would end.

  You understand, a valet would probably
keep his opinions to himself, if he valued
his job; but Spike doesn’t make any bones
about telling me right to my face what he
thinks of me.

  And then, too, that ain’t the worst of
it: if I didn’t handle him with gloves he’d
tell the world. And if Spike McGinnis
ever starts in advertising what he knows—

to say the least, I’ll have to do a lot of ex-
plaining.

  Anyway, according to Spike McGinnis,
if I’m the Napoleon of baseball—oh, boy!
—he can sing better than Caruso, trim
Hoppe at billiards, and show this chap
Rickenbacker how to fly. And as for the
Miracle Man stuff— “ A healthy looking
Miracle Man you are! Don’t make me
laugh!” says Spike. But Spike doesn’t
stop there; he doesn’t ring off when he gets
through telling me what I’m not. Oh, no!
He goes right ahead and audibly tells me
what I am:

  “ You!” says he. “ A lucky stiff, that’s
what you are! A lucky stiff—and that’s
all!”

  So that’s the way it is. The papers are
all calling me a Miracle Man, and so forth;
and Spike McGinnis says—but you know
what Spike says; and Ina—the wife, you
know—Ina admits that I’ve certainly gone
and done something—and takes most of
the credit to herself; and as for me—well,
of course it wouldn’t look right for a fellow
in my position to do a whole lot of talking,
and so I guess you’ll have to write your
own ticket.

  Now, as a matter of fact, this is not the
story of how I—we—won the World’s
Championship. I—we—won it, and the
facts speak for themselves. It’s the story
of how I got my start as a big-league man-
ager. The whole thing hinges on that—
how I got my start. And the things that
led up to it go back to some little time ago.

 232
HE WHO HESITATES IS BOSSED.

233

   The blow fell shortly after Ina and I
were married. It was a lucky thing for
Ina that I didn’t know it was going to hap-
pen. If I’d known it I wouldn’t ’a’ dared
take the chance, you see. But I thought
my future was assured for quite a few
years anyway, and so I went ahead and
married her. And then — of course you
might know — the crash came. The old
salary-wing went dead on me. About fif-
teen specialists all said the same thing—•
and nicked me for a, young fortune for say-
ing it: I’d never be any good any more.
I’d pitched my last game of baseball.

   And me just married!

   But I’ve got to hand it to Dave McBur-
ney. McBumey was manager of the Pink
Sox then,and he certainly treated me white.
At that, when you’ve given a team the best
that’s in you for seven years, no doubt
you’ve got something coming. Anyway, I
stayed with the club.

   It was Ina that put the bee in my bon-
net—the managership bee. Of course we’d
been doing a lot of worrying about where
we were going from here—and somehow I
couldn’t make up my mind what to do. All
I knew was that it was certainly a tough
old world, and that the future surely looked
black—blacker than Jack Johnson.

  Then we heard that McBumey was go-
ing to quit the club at the end of the sea-
son—and Ina was off to a good start. She
said that I knew as much baseball as the
best of ’em, and that I had all the neces-
sary qualifications for a first-class manager,
and it was up to me to take my foot in my
hand and whirl in and land that manager
job. Well, I agreed with her—partly.
When it came to knowledge of the old pas-
time I wouldn’t concede an inch to any-
body; but—well, to tell the truth, I didn’t
know. There’s a lot of things that a fel-
low’s got to have to make a good baseball
manager, and I wasn’t sure that I had ’em.
And even if I did have ’em, I wasn’t sure
that I wanted the job of managing the
Pink Sox—provided I could get it. Look-
ing at it some ways I thought maybe I’d
like the job; and then again, looking at it
other ways, I thought maybe I wouldn’t.
I wasn’t sure. And I couldn’t seem to
make up my mind.

  But I might just as well ’a’ saved my-
self a lot of wear and tear on the old brain
about whether to try for that manager job
or not, because Ina was strong for it in the
first place, and she kept getting stronger
for it right along; and so in the end, of
course, that settled it. A little while after
the close of that season I went to the mag-
nate—Alonzo J. Brown, owner of the club,
you understand—and spoke my little piece.

  I told him I’d heard that McBumey
was quitting, and so of course he’d be look-
ing for another manager, and if it was all
the same to him I’d like the job; and be-
lieve me, I’d positively guarantee satisfac-
tion—you understand; Ina had told me to
make it strong. And I told him how he
knew I’d been giving the team the very
best I had for seven years, and—and, well,
how about it?

  Well, Alonzo seemed to have some kind
of throat trouble that morning, because,
anyway, he had to clear it several times
before he was able to speak—and then he
asked me to have a cigar. While I was
lighting it something in the street seemed
to attract his attention, and he spent a
minute or two on the inside looking out—
saying nothing. Then he went to his desk
and sat down, and,

   “ Listen, Jim,” says he. “ It’s like this:
the club owes you something—I admit that
•—and I’m not the sort of man to side-step
a debt of that kind. But about giving you
the managership—'well, frankly, I can’t
say, not at this time, anyway. But get
this: don’t you worry. You’ve got it com-
ing, and I’ll see that you’re taken care of.
And that’s the best I can say now.”

  And that’s all the satisfaction I got.
Alonzo J. Brown threw the whote thing up
in the air 'and left it there—except, of
course, that I knew now that I was going
to be taken care of, as the magnate said,
and that helped some.

  When I told Ina what Alonzo had said,
she was dead sure that Lwas going to land
the job. I told her not to go and get her
hopes set too high, because if she. did she
was liable to be disappointed. But of
course what I said didn’t make any differ-
ence. She went right ahead seeing me as
manager of the Pink Sox, and all covered
234

THE ARGOSY.

with bells and everything; and so when we
got the news, I’ll say the wife was a mighty
sore woman—and, for that matter, I didn’t
go rushing round the streets giving any
three long cheers for everybody and every-
thing, myself. But compared to the wife,
I was a happy man. She surely took it
hard.

  The first we knew about it was when we
read it in the papers: the well-known base-
ball magnate, Alonzo J. Brown, announced
that George A. Simmons, who had been
managing a team in the International,
would pilot the Pink Sox the coming sea-
son. And Mr. Brown also announced that
Jim VanXess, the veteran Pink Sox south-
paw, would be the club’s official coach,
working with the young pitchers, and so
on.

  Official coach! And he hadn’t even asked
me if I’d accept the position! Well, no
doubt he wanted to save himself the trou-
ble of handing me a lot of alibis for mak-
ing this fellow George A Simmons man-
ager and throwing me down; and he knew
I’d accept the position, anyway. What
else could I do? And so that was what
Alonzo meant when he said I’d be taken
care of. He’d had that official coach thing
up his sleev£ all the time. He hadn’t con-
sidered me for the manager job for one lit-
tle minute! Well, at that, I guessed I
didn’t have any kick coming. Suppose I’d
been let out entirely?

  That’s the way I looked at it. But Ina
—but I’ve told you how it struck her.

  “Simmons!” she hissed. “Who is he,
anyway? Did you ever hear of him, Jim?”

  “ I never did,” I says. “ He’s one on
me.”

  “ Then, will you tell me why,” she de-
manded; “ will you tell me why Mr. Brown
throws down a man like you and goes to
work and gives the job "to somebody no-
body ever heard of—a bush-leaguer like
this man Simmons?”

  Ina can talk quite a little baseball talk
herself.

  “ You can search me,” I says. “ But
there must be something or—”

  “ Yes,” snapped Ina. “ There must be
something—and I’m going to find out what
it is!”

  This was shortly after the first of the
year; and it wasn’t until the last of July
that Ina found out what it was—the rea-
son why I had been turned down. And,
though I didn’t know what the reason was
myself, it’s a kind of curious thing, but it’s
the truth: she got the answer from me.

  You know, the wife and I own our own
bungalow. Well, one morning Ina says to
me:

  “ Well, Jim, have you made up your
mind about the new heating system?”

  The old heater was pretty well burned
out, and we were going to put in a new one
of some kind.

  “ No,” I says, “ I haven’t. Some ways
steam looks best to me, and then again
there’s a lot of pretty good arguments for
hot air. Then there’s this one-pipe sys-
tem, too. And—well, I can’t seem to quite
make up my mind.”

  “ Well,” says Ina, “ I wish you’d hurry
up and decide one way or another. Pretty
soon the fall rush ’11 come on, and the
plumbers will all be busy, and we may
have to go through the winter with the old
one—and you know it uses twice too much
coal.”

  “ Yes,” I says. “ I know, I’ll see if I
can’t make a decision one way or another
pretty soon.”

  “ I wish you would,” says the wife.
“And how about the car? Are you going
to sell it and buy a new one, like you were
talking of the other day, or—what?”

  “ I haven’t made up my mind,” I says.
“ The old boat’s in pretty good shape yet,
and what with prices the way they are
nowadays—well, I don’t know. Sometimes
I think I will, and then I think I won’t.
I’ll see.”

  “ Well,” says Ina, “ you’d better not
take too much time about it. If you wait
too long it ’11' fee coming along winter and
you won’t be able to get anywhere near
what the car is worth. And listen, Jim.
Did you order that new suit of clothes,
like I asked you to?”

  “ No,” says I, “ I didn’t. You see, I
can’t make up my mind whether to get a
blue serge or one of these Palm Beach out-
fits. The Palm Beach things are fine for
hot weather, but I’d probably get more ser-
HE WHO HESITATES IS BOSSED.

235

vice out of a blue serge suit, and so—well,
I don’t know. I can’t seem to quite make
up my—”

    “ Help! ” says Ina, and left the room as
 if she was out of patience, or something,
 about something or other.

    She came back in about ten minutes.

    “ Oh,” says she. “ You still here, Jim?
 I thought you’d gone.”

    “ It looks kind of like rain,” I says. “ I
  was trying to make up my mind whether
  to take an umbrella or not.”

   When I got back from the ball game
 that afternoon, Ina necked me the minute
 I stuck my head inside the door, and told
 me to sit down and 'listen to her—we were
 going to have a little talk.

    “ What’s the idea?” I asked.

    “ This,” says she. “ Listen, Jim. I’ve
 got it!”

    “ You don’t mean the flu?” says I.

   “ The reason why Mr. Brown turned
 you down for manager of the Pink Sox,”
 says she.

   “You don’t tell me!” I says. “What
 was the reason?”

    “ Yourself,” she says.

   “ Me?” says I. “ How do you mean,
 me?”

    “ I mean this,” she says. “ Listen, Jim.
 You take too long about making up your
 mind about things. You’re always too—
 uncertain. You never can quite make up
 your mind about anything. Big things or
 little things, it never makes any difference
 —you’ve always got to think it over.
 You’ll ‘ see.’ You’ll have to have time to
 ' consider it; and you keep right on ‘ con-
 sidering it ’ until, honestly, Jim, sometimes
 it would drive a person crazy!

   “ And so that’s the reason Mr. Brown
 turned you down,” says she. “ He’s known
 you for a long time, Jim, and what I say is
 true—and he can’t help knowing it. That’s
 your trouble, Jim. You can’t make up
 your mind. And that’s the reason George
 Simmons is manager of the Pink Sox in-
 stead of you. You always hesitate, Jim—
 and he who hesitates is bossed!”

    I asked her where she got that line about
 he who hesitates; it didn’t sound quite like
 Ina.

    “ Read that!”, says she. I’d been won-

 dering if there was something in that mag-
 azine that she was going to spring on me,
 because she was holding it in her hand
 when I came in, and had kept hanging
 right onto it as if she was waiting for the
 proper time to pull the sensation—or what-
 ever it was.

  It turned out to be a full-page ad about
a book. It was a book written by a fellow
by the name of Professor Aloysius X. Bee-
croft; and the name of it was “ I Will.” I
thought it was a pretty good title; it sound-
ed so sort of determined like, and every-
thing. The ad started off in big type like
this: “He Who Hesitates Is Bossed!”—■
and so that was where Ina got it from.
Then it went on to tell you to “ Increase
Your Will-Power! Stop Putting Things
Off! Learn How To Do It Now! Stop
Hesitating! Learn How To Be Firm, De-
cisive, Determined! Stop Arguing With
Yourself! Learn The Power Of Quick
Decision! Learn How To Decide About
Things Instantly!”

  And so forth and so on. Ina made me
read the advertisement all through, and I
seemed to get the idea that if you read the
book once you surely couldn’t help turning
out to be at least a United States Senator
unless you broke a leg or something. If
you read it through twice you’d have the
President worrying about his job; and if
you read it through three times you’d be
able to hold down an Information hut in
the Grand Central Station and neve- turn
a hair. And it only cost four dollars and
fifty-six cents, postpaid.

  “ Well,” asked Ina. “ What do you
think about it, Jim?”

  “ Why,” I says, “ I don’t know. I can’t
seem to quite make up my mind
whether—”

  “There you go!” says she. “But it
doesn’t make any difference, anyway.'*.
You’re going to get that book, artdjy»B*re
going right through it from the first page
to the last, and you’re going to learn how
to do everything it says! I’m going to
make you do it!”

  So you see I never had a chance. The
same day we got the book the team started
on a Western tour—and Ina tagged along.
And nights, when I’d a lot rather been with
236

THE ARGOSY.

the gang, or take in a show or something,
Ina would drag me off to our room and sic
me onto Professor Aloysius X, Beecroft.
We tackled it together—though goodness
knows the wife didn’t need the course. I’ll
say she didn’t! And before we got 'back
home I’d done just what Ina had said I
was going to do—I’d been through Profes-
sor Aloysius X. Beecroft’s book from the
first page to the last! And it was a big
book, too.

  Before we reached the end—honestly, I
could fairly hear the old brain creak! But
I stuck to it—with Ina right there at my
elbow, why wouldn’t I?—and I won out.
And I know opinions vary, but I want to
say that as far as I’m concerned the finest
two words in the English language are
“ The ” and “ End.”

  I asked Ina if she noted any improve-
ment in my condition, and she said that
she didn’t seem to make up her mind
whether I had improved any or not. But
if it turned out that I hadn’t, I’d have to
read the book again! So about then I
made up my mind that it was up to me to
be decisive—instantly. I had a hunch that
what I’d read was going to do me a lot of
good—when Ina was around, anyway.

  Then it came—the chance. On the
morning of the second day after we got
back from the Western trip I got a hurry
call on the phone from the club secretary
telling me to report at headquarters on the
jump. Well, here was one time when I
didn't need Professor Aloysius X. Beecroft
to help me make up my mind. I went.
And when I came away from there I was
manager of the Pink Sox—temporarily.
George Simmons had taken the count from
the flu, and the magnate had turned over
the management of the team to me—until
^Simmons was able to get around again.
IBgStekold man didn’t say much—I mean
AIo%Qjp<sf course. But somehow I man-
aged to !*§& the idea that it was up to me.
If I had anything, now was my time to
show it.

  And when I told Ina what had hap-
pened—

  “ Jim,” says she, “ it’s your chance! Go
in and win! And whatever else you do—
don’t hesitate!”

  “ Me?” says I. “ Hesitate when I’ve
got to read that book again if I do? I
should say not! ”

  As for its being my chance, I knew that
Simmons had only signed on for a year,
and that he and Alonzo didn’t hitch very
well, and so—-well, maybe it did look like
something of the sort.

  Now the situation was like this: that
year the Whales had made a runaway race
of it, and we were having it out hammer
and tongs with the White Caps for the sec-
ond position. I had the White Caps to
beat, and if I came through, the fans would
■be satisfied, and so would Alonzo J. Brown
—which was the main point. Until Mc-
Burney took hold the year before the team
had always been a second division outfit.
The season had only a little over a month
to go, and Alonzo had said that there
wasn’t a chance of Simmons’s getting back
into harness.

  So you see that after all there wasn’t
much to it: all I had to do was beat the
White Caps and—not hesitate!

  Well, I had it put right up to me the
first day I took hold. We were playing
the Comets, a heavy-hitting crew; but A1
Leavitt was on the mound for us, and A1
was going great guns; the game rocked
along until the last half of the seventh
without either side scoring. We went to
bat. With one out we got a man on third.

  Then I saw it coming. The Comet
pitcher had the batter in a hole: two strikes
and one ball. He was a weak hitter, and
it was a cinch he’d fan. A1 Leavitt was
next up, and if A1 ever hit a ball he’d be so
astonished that he couldn’t run to first,
anyway. A1 thinks that baseball bats are
made for the same purpose as Indian clubs
—to swing with. And that would make
the third out.

  So: would I stick in a pinch-hitter for
A1 Leavitt and take a chance on finishing
out the game with another pitcher, or
wouldn’t I? Would I or wouldn’t I? Yes
or no? If I put in a pinch-hitter for A1 he
might land that run; and the run might
win the game; and it might not. And what
would happen to the new pitcher? And
then, too—but never mind all that now.
Would I or wouldn’t I? Yes or no?
HE WHO HESITATES IS BOSSED.

237

  Well, sir, I’m going to tell the dead
straight truth: in spite of the wife, in spite
of Aloysius X. Beecroft—in spite of blazes
—I couldn’t quite seem to make up my
mind! And in a minute—

  I dodged into a door that led under the
grand stand.

  I was out again in just a jiffy. As I
came out I heard the umps sing out, “ Bat-
ter out!” That fellow had whiffed just
like I’d known he would.

  Then Spike McGinnis tackled me. Leav-
itt was walking toward the plate. And I
hadn’t said a word.

  “ See here, Jim,” Spike fired at me.
“ Ain’t you going to put in Platt to pinch
a hit for Leavitt? Believe me, we need that
run!”

  “ Nix,” I says. “ Leavitt stays in the
game.”

  “ Some manager!” snarled Spike. “ Some
manager! Zip! There goes the ball
game!”

  Leavitt took a strike, two balls, and—^
poked one out of the lot! And yet you’ll
hear ’em say that the day of miracles is
past.

  “ Well, what do you know about that!”
says Spike. He was certainly disgusted.
“ Here you go to work and pull a prize
bone, and darned if you don’t get away
with it! You lucky stiff—how d’you do
it?”

  “ Judgment, Spike,” says I. “ Judg-
ment!”

  “ Judgment nothing,” he says, and took
his grouch somewhere else.

  Just a word about Spike McGinnis. You
understand, Spike was an old-timer and a
privileged character, or else I wouldn’t
have allowed him to talk to me that way—
not right out in public, anyhow. And be-
sides, as it happened, Spike was out of
luck—or thought he was—and so he was
pretty well down on the world in general.

  You see, Spike was superstitious, and—
well, it was like this: After the game the
day before, when we were walking out of
the ball lot, Spike had offered to spin me
for a couple of nut sundaes or something.

I said all right, and Spike tossed the coin.
When it came down he muffed it and it hit
the ground and rolled; we must have

looked for it for at least half an hour, but
we couldn’t find it. And so that was
Spike’s trouble. The coin was what Spike
called his “ lucky piece,” and now he’d lost
it, and believe him he was in for trouble—-
he’d bet a cooky he was going to get the
rheumatism in his throwing arm again, and
he had a hunch-right then that his wife’s
mother was planning another visit, and so
forth and so on.

  And so you see there was some excuse
for Spike’s feeling the way he did, seeing
he was superstitious like that.

   I’ll cover the next few weeks by sim-
ply saying that I didn’t hesitate. Maybe
I’d better add a little something to that:
at any rate, I didn’t get caught at it. Ina
was certainly one pleased woman—and
every little while she’d mention how much
good that book had done me. And of
course I agreed with her. Anyway, when
any little question came up at the house, I
decided about it right off the bat. I had
a picture of myself wading through Pro-
fessor Aloysius X. Beecroft again!

   As for the rest, we stayed right up thery
with the White Caps, holding second place
turn and turn about, only a few percentage1
points separating the two teams at any
time. Of course, in order to do that, I had
to get the breaks at least some of the time.
As to whether I got them or not—all you
had to do was ask Spike McGinnis. He’d
say I did! And in the big pinches, when
it was up to me to come through with a
decision—I came. And if I hesitated—
well, anyway, nobody noticed it. At least
I thought—but never mind that just now.

  And as regards the magnate—well,
Alonzo had picked up a few measly mil-
lions by never tipping off his hand; and so
he had come to the conclusion that it was
a pretty good policy. And he kept it right
up in my case. He didn’t throw any brick-
bats at me—or any bouquets. All he did
was to keep me guessing. Was I making
good with him? You could search me.

  Then, according to the schedule, the
White Caps came to town for a five-game
series that would close the season. As it
happened, we were in second place then;
and to hold the position it was up to us to
win at least three out of the five set-tos.
238

THE ARGOSY.

The fans were wild; even Alonzo J. Brown
appeared to be worried about something
or other; and for me—I can remember a
lot of times when I’ve felt a whole lot easier
in my mind than I did then.

  And Ina was the worst of the lot. You
see, Ina had got an idea into her head that
this series was a make-or-break thing with
Jim VanNess—and maybe it was.

  It would be hard to find two teams more
evenly matched than the Pink Sox and the
White Caps. For instance, we split the
first four games of that series fifty-fifty—
two and two.

  We locked horns for the fifth battle.
Cutting it short, when the White Caps
went to bat in the first half of 'the seventh
-—the lucky, or unlucky seventh—the score
was two to nothing—in our favor. So far
so good. A1 Leavitt, the king pin of the
Pink Sox twirling squad, was dealing ’em
for us; and he was never in trouble—until
that same seventh inning.

  Then, before you could say Jack Robin-
son the bases were filled! The first three
men up had hit safely. Three on and none
down! The White Caps were rattling bats,
yelling their heads off, and all that. And
the grand stand and bleachers were full of
maniacs yelling “ Take him out!”

  Well, would I or wouldn’t I? Would I
pull Leavitt or not? Yes or no?

  To save my life I couldn’t quite seem to
make up my mind! I tried to remember
what Professor Aloysius X. Beecroft ad-
vised you to do when a feather-headed fil-
bert went up in the air and started blow-
ing a ball game—and so far as I could
recollect he hadn’t covered the situation at
all. And there I'was!

  I happened to be standing by that little
door that led under the grand stand—and
I dodged into it.

  It wasn’t ten seconds when I turned to
go out again—and ran plump into. Spike
McGinnis! He had followed me under
the grand stand and had been standing
right behind me all the time!

  “ Give it here!” said Spike.

  I gave it to him.

  Then Spike shot out one Word—putting
as much scorn and sarcasm into it as if
he'd made a half-hour speech:

  “ Judgment!”

  Now of course there wasn’t any time to
settle it then—and so we’ll let the expla-
nation go till the proper moment.

  Just the instant Spike and I stepped out
from underneath the stand, the fourth man
up for the White Caps met Leavitt’s first
delivery squarely on the nose—and a run
came in. Two to one, none down, and the
bases still choked! Hod Wheeler, the Pink
Sox backstop, straightened up, took off his
mask, and strolled down to the mound to
pass the time of day with Leavitt. And
the whole Pink Sox ball club, including the
kid that looked after the bats—and Spike
McGinnis—the whole pack were after me
like wolves to pull Leavitt and save the
game.

  Would I or wouldn’t I?

  Leavitt turned and looked toward the
■bench.

  I signaled to him to stick. And then I
made a little speech to the bunch of es-
caped lunatics that were dancing around
me and trying to tell me how to run a ball
club.

  “Nothing stirring!” I says. “Leavitt
stays in.”

  “ Holy hope!” sobbed Spike McGinnis.
“ And that’s what you call judgment!
Good-by ball game; farewell to you!”

  Leavitt knelt down and fussed with a
shoe-string. Then he straightened up—
and fanned two men hand-running! The
next hitter zipped one straight down the
first-base line; and the first-sacker made
the play without taking his foot off the bag.
And, as it turned out, the game was won.
And of course I don’t know, but it surely
looked to me as if everybody was happy,
except, perhaps, the White Caps—and
Spike McGinnis.

  At any rate, I knew that Spike wasn’t
satisfied.

  Right after the game I went looking for
Spike; and no doubt Spike was looking for
me. But Alonzo J. Brown, the magnate,
saw me first. He shook me by the hand
and congratulated me. I thanked him.
Then he said:

  “ And just a word, Jim. When I make
a mistake I’m willing to acknowledge it;
and I want to say that I’ve had you wrong.
HE WHO HESITATES IS BOSSED.

239

I’ve always thought you were one of these
—these waverers. You know what I mean.
One of these fellows that take a couple of
weeks to make up their minds about some-
thing—and then they aren’t quite sure.”
So Ina was right. Yes, on the whole,
she’s a pretty bright young woman.

   “ But I take it all back,” went on Alon-
zo. “ Take this afternoon, for instance.
You came through with a decision, and you
came through with it quick and —right.
I’ll say it was mighty good judgment leav-
ing Leavitt in! And so now, Jim, about
this manager thing. Simmons is through;
and if you want the job, it’s .yours.”

   “ You’ve hired a manager!” says I.

   And I never hesitated!

   Spike McGinnis and I got together right
away afterward in a quiet corner of the
clubhouse.

   “ Well, Spike,” says I, trying to be very
careless about it, “ looks like maybe you!ve
got a little something on me.”

   “ I’ll say I have,” says Spike.

   “ What do you know?” I asked, trying
to draw him out.

   “ What do I know?” says be. “I’ll tell
you what I know. I’ve had my eye on you
for some time, and this afternoon I got the
goods on you, and I know that every time
it’s been up to you to make some kind'of
a decision, and make it in a hurry—like
whether to pull a pitcher, or stick in a
pinch-hitter, or something—you’ve been
sneaking around a comer, or under the
grand stand, or somewhere, and tossiivg a
coin to see what you’d do!”

   “ Righto,” says I, putting all the brass
into it I could.

   “ And what’s more, you’ve been doing ii
with my kicky-piece, you robber!” says
Spike.

   “ Right again,” says I. “ But Msten,
Spike. Here’s how it was. You remember
I was with you when you lost it; and just
before the game next day, the day I took
hold of the team, I stumbled onto it right
where it got away from you. It was right
in plain sight all the time; the way things
generally are when you can’t find ’em.
And I stuck it in the pocket of my shirt—

I had on my uniform—meaning to hand it
to you, of course.

  “ Well, I got into a pinch that day—
couldn’t make up my mind what to do
about something—and I happened to re-
member that I had that coin in my shirt
pocket. And so I dodged under the stand
and tossed the coin, heads or tails, to see
what I’d do.”

  “ Can you beat it?” says Spike. “ Judg-
ment!”

  “ Things came my way,” I went on,
“ and so I got to thinking that maybe this
was a sort of ‘ lucky-piece ’ after all—
though of course you know I’m not super-
stitious or anything like that—and so,
well, I hung onto it, meaning to give it
back to you some time, of course. And
afterwards, whenever I got into a jam, and
couldn’t quite seem to make up my
mind—”

  “ Don’t I know it?” says Spike. “ Oh,
yeh! Meaning to give it back to me some
time! Yeh, some time! And of course
you ain’t superstitious or nothing—oh, no!
But how about me? How about me? Lis-
ten! Didn’t the wife’s mother come to
visit us just like I said she would? And
ain’t I been on the bench for two weeks
with old John J. Rheumatism in the money
arm just like I said I would? And—'but
let it go. I want to ask you something.
Heads or tails, eh? For instance, how did
you frame up that proposition about leav-
i*g Leavitt in this afternoon?”

  “ Why,” says I, not getting what he’s
driving at, “ a proposition like that would
naturally frame up this way: heads, yes;
tails, no. Heads I pull him; tails I leave
him in. Why?”

  “ I guess you never took a good look at
this little piece of change, did you?” asked
Spike. “ Here; look it over-—good.”

   As it happened, I never had looked at it
very carefully. I’d simply used it when I
had to; and then—tried to forget it. But
I took a good long look at it then. It was
a fifty-cent piece, as I knew already, of
course; and that’s as far as I’d got.

  And so help me John Roger, it was a
trick coin! Both sides were tails!

  “ Must be you thought tails was having
an awful ran!” jeered Spike.

  “ I never noticed,” I says. “ You see,

I only used the coin eight or ten or maybe
240

THE ARGOSY.

a dozen times all told; and generally there-
was two or three days in between times;
and so—I never noticed.”

  “ Well,”-says Spike, “ in case you never
noticed something else, the next time you
shave yourself take a look in the glass and
you’ll notice the luckiest stiff in the world! ”
And I’ll admit frankly that I almost be-
lieved him.

  Well, taking it by and large, it’s a kind
of complicated thing, when you consider
the possibilities; and I’ll let you figure it
out yourself, if you can. But, anyway, I’ll
say this: the contrary-mindeds certainly
had everything their own way! And we’ll
let the rest of that little heart-to-heart talk
between Spike and me go, too. I’ll merely
say that, to me, it shapes up a good deal
like this: as long as I’m manager of the

Pink Sox, Spike McGinnis will never have
to go looking for a job. Not that there’s
any regular understanding between us; but
—well, maybe a sort- of understanding, you
know.

  And so that’s the story of how I got my
start. This year—how I won the World’s
Championship—that’s another story. So
I’ll pass it up except to say that Spike Mc-
Ginnis says — but you know what Spike
says. Ina splits the credit aBout eighty-
twenty between herself and Professor Aloy-
sius X. Beecroft, and me. Of course I’m
on the little end. As for me, I’m not say-
ing a word—more than this: I’ve learned—
and I’ll leave it to you to guess where—
that the big idea is to decide—and don’t
hesitate! And if you go wrong— It’s a
poor boss that has no alibi.

DREAMLAND

 BLEAK the winter night without,
 Cold the hearth within,

 Loud the gale with roar and rout,
 Doleful clash and din.

 Swirling clouds are scurrying by—
 Restless spirits they;

 Melting, merging, still they fly;
 Doom comes with the day.

 Though the tempest’s towering arua
 Rock the flaming skies,

 There be places, hidden, calm,

 Where his fury dies.

 So my spirit, void of will,

 Restless, ever flies

 Round a center that is still,

 Wherein dreamland lies.

 Raging storms of passion cease
 On this hallowed shore;

 Tempest wrath is stilled, and peace
 Bideth evermore.

 Wraiths of many another scene—
 Scenes I hold full dear,

 And the dearer might-have-been—<
 These in dreams appear.

 So I, counting storm and strife
 As but things that seem,

 Find a richer,.sweeter life
 In the land of dreams.

 Harold White.
 /

r&i

a

orde

  v

P	S ^

   bif Ck&rles Alderv Seltzer

cs	Author of “ Riddle Gawn«,” " Beau Rand,” “ Square Deal Sanderson,” ete.

WHAT HAS ALREADY HAPPENED

THE first inkling of a conspiracy to ruin him came to Kane Lawler, of the Circle L, when
Gary Warden, buyer for a cattle company at Willets, repudiated Lawler’s oral contract with
Warden’s predecessor, Lefingwell. Lawler’s meeting with Simmons, freight agent, further
strengthened this belief. Warden had stated that he could have all the cars he wanted—Simmons
had said there were none. Prior to his trip to town, Lawler, who had inherited his father’s
prowess with a gun, thrashed the son of Have Singleton for attacking Ruth Hamlin, whom
Lawler loved, and whose father had been encouraged to rustle Lawler’s stock by Singleton. But
at Simmons’s suggestion that Lawler would make it hot for them—in the matter of the refusal
of cars for the shipment of his stock—Warden sneered.

    Lawler went immediately to the Willets Hotel, where, in a conversation with several ranch
owners, they appointed him spokesman to visit the capitak-for they were all in the same boat.
Meantime, following Warden’s talk with Singleton, in which the latter had spoken of a certain
Blondy Antrim and Kinney’s Canon, and Ms encouragement of the latter’s hatred for Lawler,
Warden, yielding to his passion for Ruth, attacked her at her cabin in her father’s absence. Lawler,
however, coming on the scene, spared Warden at Ruth’s plea, later dispatching Hamlin—whom
he had given a job at the Circle L—on a mysterious mission prior to his futile visit to the
capital and his interviews with Hatfield, railroad commissioner, and Governor Haughton.

    Lawler was now convinced that the invisible power was widespread. Hatfield was a part
oi it—as well as Haughton.. After giving the story o£ the Governor’s refusal to help him to
Metcalf, of the News, Lawler, returning to Willets, met with an added proof, if such were
necessary, of the far-reaching, conspiracy against him'; a new ordinance bad been passed abrogating
the old “ vent ” law by which owners, registering their cattle, had been protected against rustlers.
Then, after leaving three thousand head at home, at Blackburn, the foreman’s suggestion, Lawler,
with his men, took the Tom Long trail to Red Rock, five hundred miles away.

    But of the hazards which confronted them Warden knew, and Singleton knew. The latter
snarled bestially. “Showed yellow at the last minute,” he whispered to Warden; “only drivin’
about half of them. Well, we’ll take care of them he’s leavin’, before the winter’s over,”

CHAPTER XII.

OBLIGATION.

AFTER the departure of Lawler on the
night of Gary Warden’s visit to the
Hamlin cabin, silence, vast and deep,
reigned inside. The last golden shadows
from the sinking sun yielded to the somber
shades of twilight as Ruth came to the door
and peered outward, to see Lawler riding
away.

  For a long time the girl watched Lawler,
her face burning with shame over what had
happened, her senses revolting from the
realization of the things Law'ler knew con-
cerning her father. Then she seated her-
self on the threshold of the doorway, watch-
ing the long shadows steal over the plains.

  She loved Lawler; she had never at-
tempted to deny it, not even to herself.
And she had found it hard to restrain herself
when he had stood outside the door of her
room gravely pleading with her. Pride only
had kept her from yielding—the humiliat-
ing conviction that she was not good enough
for him—or rather that her father’s crimes
had made it impossible for her to accept
Lawyer upon a basis of equality.

  She felt that Lawler would take her upon
any terms—indeed, his maimer while in the
cabin shortly before convinced her of that;
but she did not want to go to him under
those conditions. She would have felt, al-
ways, as though pity for her had influ-
enced him. She felt that she would al-
ways be searching his eyes, probing, them

This story began in The Argosy for 31 arch 13.

6 Argosy	241
242

THE ARGOSY.

for signs which would indicate that he was
thinking of her father.

  And he was certain to think of him—
thog^ thoughts would come in spite of his
efforts to' forget; they would be back of
every glance he threw at her; they would be
lurking always near, to humiliate her. The
conviction sent a shudder over her.

  The girl’s mental processes were not in-
volved; they went directly, unwaveringly,
to the truth—the truth as her heart re-
vealed it, as she knew it must be. If there
wras any subconscious emotion in her heart
or mind from which might spring chaotic
impulses that would cloud her mental vision,
she was not aware of it. Her thoughts ran
straight and true to the one outstanding,
vivid and overwhelming fact that she could
not marry Kane Lawler because to marry
him would mean added humiliation.

  Greatness, Ruth knew, was hedged
about by simplicity. Lawler was as direct
in’his attitude toward life—and to herself
—as she. There was about him no waver-
ing, no indecision, no mulling over in his
mind the tangled threads of thought that
would bring confusion. The steel fiber of
his being was unelastic. He met the big
questions of life with an eagerness to solve
them instantly.

  He wanted her—she knew. But she as-
sured herself that she could not bring upon
him the shame and ignominy of a relation-
ship with a cattle thief, no matter how in-
tensely he wanted her. That would be do-
ing him an injustice, and she would never
agree to it.

  But it hurt, this knowledge that she could
not marry,Lawler; that she must put away
from her the happiness that might be hers
for the taking; that she must crush the
eager impulses that flashed through her;
that she must repulse the one man who
could make her heart beat faster; the man
for whom she longed with an intensity that
sometimes appalled her.

  She got up after a w7hile and lighted an
oil lamp, placing it upon the table in the big
room. She closed the door, and then
dropped listlessly into a chair beside the
table, her eyes glistening, her lips quivering.

  The future was somber in aspect, almost
hopeless, it seemed. And yet into her mind

as she sat there crept, a determination—a
resolution to tell her father what she knew;
to tell him that she could no longer endure
the disgrace of his crimes.

  That meant, of course, that she would
have to leave him, for she knew he was
weak, and that he had been drawn into
crime and had not the moral strength to
redeem himself.

  When about midnight she heard the beat-
ing of hoofs near the cabin $Jie sat very
quiet, rigid; still determined, her eyes
flashing.

  She was standing near the door of her
room when her father entered, and as he
stood for an instant blinking at the light,
trying to accustom himself to it after rid-
ing for some time through the darkness,
she watched him, noting—at she had noted
many times before—the weakness of his
mouth and the furtive gleam of his eyes.

  He had not always been like that. Be-
fore the death of her mother she had always
admired him, aware of the sturdiness of his
character, of his rugged manliness, and of
his devotion to her mother.

  Adversity had changed him, had weak-
ened him. And now, watching him, not-
ing the glow in his eyes when he saw her—
the pathetic worship in them—her heart
protested the decision that her cold judg-
ment had made, and she ran to him with a
little, quavering, pitying cry, and buried
her face on his shoulder, shuddering, mur-
muring sobbingly:

  “ Oh, daddy; oh, daddy, what have you
done?”

  He stood rigid, his eyes wide with aston-
ishment, looking down at her as -she clung
to him, as though wondering over a sud-
den miracle. For heUnew she was not an
emotional girl, and this evidence almost
stunned him.

  “ Why, honey! ” He patted her hair and
her cheeks and hugged her tightly to him.
And presently he gently disengaged him-
self and held her at arm’s length, peering
into her face.

  And then, when her clear eyes met his
—her gaze direct and searching even
through her tears—he paled, his gaze
drooped, and his arms fell to his sides.

  “ I’ve dene enough, Ruth,” he said.
THE TRAIL HORDE,

243

  “ Why, daddy—why did you do it? Oh,
you have made it so hard for me!”

  “ There, there, honey,” he consoled,
reaching out and patting, her shoulders
again. “ I’ve been a heap ornery, but it
ain’t goin’ to happen again.” His eyes
shone through a mist that had come into
them.

  “ I’ve been talkin’ with Kane Lawler, an’
he opened my eyes. I’ve been blind, Ruth—
blind to what it all meant to you. An’ from
now on I’m goin’ straight—straight as a
die!

  “ Ruth,” he went on, when he saw in-
credulity in her gaze; “ I wasn’t to tell you.
I reckon Lawler would half kill me if he
knowed I was tellin’ you. But there ain’t
no use, I’ve got—”

  “ Did you give your word to Lawler,
daddy?”

  “ I sure did. But I’ve got to tell you,
Ruth. Mebbe you knowin’ will sort of help
me to go through with it.

  “ Kane Lawler was here this mornin’—
he come here to see me about a Circle L
cow that I was runnin’ my brand on the
night before. He talked.. mighty plain to
me—an’ earnest. He offered me a job over
to the Circle L, an’ I took. it.

  “ I rode over there this afternoon, an’
Lawler’s straw-boss put me to work. Then
to-night. Lawler rode in an' took me out
by the corral. He gave it to me straight
there. He’s goin’ to restock my place an’
give me a chance to get. on my feet. He’s
goin’ to put his shoulder behind me, he
says, an’ make me run a straight trail—
talcin’ a mortgage on the place to secure
him.

  “ He give me a letter to his mother,
say in’ I was to has?e what stock I wanted.
An’ I’m to repay him when I get around to
it. Honey, I’ve got a chance, an’ I’m
never goin’ to slip again!”

  Ruth walked to the door and threw it
open, standing on the threshold and gazing
out into the dull moonlight, across the vast
sweep of plain from which came the low
moaning of the .night wiijd, laden with mys-
tery.

  For a long time, as she stood there, pride
fought a savage battle with duty. Her
face was pallid, her lips tight-clenched, and

shame unutterable gripped her. To be
sure, Lawler had enjoined her father to si-
lence, and it was evident that she was not to
know. Still, she did know; and Lawler had
added an obligation, a debt, to the already
high barrier that was between them.

  Yet she dared not evade the obligation,
for that would be robbing her father of a
chance over which he seemed to exult, a
chance which promised his redemption—
for which she had prayed,

  Her heart was like lead within her—a
dull weight that threatened to drag her
down. And yet it throbbed with gratitude,
with hope and with thankfulness. For if
her father really meant to try—if he should
succeed in redeeming himself in Lawler’s
eyes and in her own, she might one day be
able to go to Lawler with no shame in her
heart, with the comforting assurance that
her father had earned the right to hold his
head up among men. To be sure, there
would always be the shadow of the past
mistake lurking behind; but it would be the
shadow of a mistake corrected, of a black
gulf bridged.

  Her father was waiting when she finally
turned to him—waiting, his chin on his
chest, his face crimson with shame.

  “ Ruth, girl—you ain’t goin’ to judge me
too harsh, are you?” he begged.

  Again she could not resist the pathetic
appeal in his eyes. She ran to him again,
holding him tightly to her. A cool gust
swept in through the open doorway—the
night wind, laden with mystery. But the
girl laughed, and snuggled closer to the
man; and the man laughed hoarsely, vi-
brantly, in a voice that threatened to break.

CHAPTER XIII.

KINNEY’S CANON.

AT the close of the second day the big
trail herd halted at the edge of the vast
level over which it had come. The herd
had been driven forty miles. Cattle, men,
and horses had passed through a country
which was familiar to them ; a country fea-
tured by long grama-grass, greasewood, and
cactus plants.

There was no timber on the level. The
244

THE ARGOSY.

gray of the grama-grass and the bare
stretches of alkali were brightened by the
silvery glare of a sun that swam in a cloud-
less sky of deepest azure. Except for the
men, the cattle, the horses, and the two
slow-moving, awkward-looking, canvas-cov-
ered wagons, there had been no evidence of
life on the great plain. In a silence un-
broken save by the clashing of horns, the
bleating and bawling of the cattle, the
ceaseless creaking of the wagons, and the
low voices of the men, the cavalcade moved
eastward.

  The wind that swept over the plains was
chill. It carried a tang that penetrated;
that caused the men, especially in the early
morning, to turn up the collars of their
woolen shirts as they rode; a chill that
brought a profane protest from the tawny-
haired giant who had disclosed to Lawler
the whereabouts of Joe Hamlin that night
in the Circle L bunk-house.

  The first camp had been made on the
Wolf—at a shallow about five miles north
of the Two Bar, Hamlin’s ranch. And
with the clear, sparkling, icy water of the
river on his face, and glistening beads of
it on his colorless eyelashes, the giant had
growled to several of his brother cowboys,
who were likewise performing their ablu-
tions at the river:

  “ This damn wind is worse ’n a Kansas
regular. You lean ag’in’ it an’ it freezes
you; you turn your back to it an’ you’ve
got to go clawin’ icicles out of your back.
Why in hell can’t they have a wind that’s
got some sense to it?”

  “It ain’t c-cold, Shorty,” jibed a slen-
der puncher with a saturnine eye and a
large, mobile mouth.

  “ Kells,” grinned the giant; “ your voice
is froze, right now!”

  And yet the men enjoyed the cold air. It
had a tonic effect upon them; they were
energetic, eager, and always ravenously
hungry. The cook offered testimony on
that subject, unsolicited.

  “ I never seen a bunch of mavericks that
gobbled more grub than this here outfit!”
he stated on the second morning. “ Or that
swilled more coffee,” he added. “ Seems
like all they come on this drive for is to
eat!”

  Toward the close of the second day cor-
rugations began to appear in the level. Lit-
tle ridges and valleys broke the monotony
of travel; rocks began to dot the earth; the
gray grass disappeared, the barren stretches
grew larger and more frequent, and the
yucca and the lancelike ocotilla began to
appear here and there.

  The trend of the trail had been upward
all afternoon—gradual at first, hardly
noticeable. But as the day drew to a close
the cattle mounted a Slope, progressing more
slowly, and the horses hitched to the wagons
began to strain the harness.

  The rise seemed to be endless—to have
no visible terminus. For it went up and up
until it melted into the horizon; like the
brow of a hill against the sky. But when,
after hours of difficult travel, herd and men
gained the summit, a broad, green-brown
mesa lay before them.

  The mesa was miles wide, and ran an
interminable distance eastward. Looking
back over the way they had come, the men
could see that the level over which they
had ridden for the past two days was in
reality the floor of a mighty valley. Far
away into the west they could see a break in
the mesa—where it sloped down to merge
into the plains near Willets. The men
knew that beyond that break ran the steel
rails that connected the town with Red
Rock, their destination.

  But it was plain to them that the rails
must make a gigantic curve somewhere in
the invisible distance, or that they ran
straight into a range of low mountains that
fringed the northern edge of the mesa.

  Lawler enlightened the men at the camp-
fire that night.

  “ The railroad runs almost straight from
Willets,” he said. “ There’s a tunnel
through one of the mountains, and other
tunnels east of it. And there’s a mountain
gorge with plenty of water in it, where the
railroad runs on a shelving level blasted
out of the wall. The mountains form a bar-
rier that keeps Willets and the Wolf River
section blocked in that direction. It’s the
same south of here, the only difference be-
ing that in the south there is no railroad
until you strike the Southern Pacific. And
that’s a long distance to drive cattle.”
THE TRAIL HORDE.	245

  When the herd began to move the fol-
lowing morning, Blackburn sent them over
the mesa for several miles, and then began
to head them down a gradual slope, leav-
ing the mesa behind. There was a faint,
trail, narrow, over which in other days cat-
tle had been driven. For the grass had been
trampled and cut to pieces; and in some
places- there were still prints of hoofs in the
baked soil.

  The slope grew' sharper, narrowing as it
descended, and the cattle moved down it in
a sinuous, living line, until the leaders were
out of sight far around a bend at least a
mile distant.

  Blackburn was at the head of the herd
with three men, riding some little distance
in front of the cattle, inspecting the trail.
Lawler and the others were holding the
stragglers at the top of the mesa, endeavor-
ing to prevent the crowding and confusion
which always results when massed cattle are
being, held at an outlet.

  It was like a crowd of eager humans at-
tempting to move through an open doorway
at the same instant. The cattle were plung-
ing, jostling. The concerted impulse
brought the inevitable confusion—a jam
that threatened frenzy.

  At Lawier’s orders the men drew off, and
the cattle, relieved of th# menace which al-
ways drives them to panic in such a situa-
tion, began to filter through and to follow
their leaders down the narrow trail.

  Down, always down, the trail led, grow-
ing narrower gradually, until at last cattle
and men were moving slowly on a rocky
floor with the sheer wall of the mesa on one
side and a craggy, towering butte on the
other.

  The clatter of hoofs, the clashing of
horns, the bellowing, the rumble of the
wagons over the rocks and the ring of iron-
shod hoofs, created a bedlam of sound,
which echoed and reechoed from the tower-
ing walls until the uproar was deafening.

  Shorty, the tawny-haired giant, was rid-
ing close to Lawler.

  He had never ridden the trail, though he
had heard of it. He leaned over and
shouted to Lawler:

  “ Kinney’s Canon, ain’t it?”

  Lawler nodded.

   “ Well,” shouted Shorty; “ it’s a lulu,
 ain’t it?”

   For a short time the trail led downward.
 Then there came a level stretch, smooth,
 damp. The day was hours old, and the sun
 was directly overhead. But down in the
 depths of the canon it was cool; and a
 steady wiad- blew into the faces of the men.

   The herd w>as perhaps an hour passing
 through the canon; and when Lawler and
 Shorty, riding side by side,, emerged from
 the cool gloom, they saw the cattle descend-
 ing a , shallow gorge,, going toward a wide
 slope which dipped into a basin of mam-
 moth size.

   Lawler knew the place-; he had ridden
 this trail many times in the years before the
 coming of the railroad; and when he
 reached the crest of the slope and looked
 out into the hazy, slumbering distance, he
 was- not surprised, though his eyes quick-
 ened with appreciation for its beauty.

   Thirty miles of virgin land lay before
 him, basking in the white sunlight—a green-
 brown bowl through which flowed a river
 that shimmered like silver. The dark bases
 of mountains loomed above the basin at the
 eastern ridge—a serrated range with lofty
 peaks that glowed white in the blue of the
 sky. South and north were other moun-
 tains—somber, purple giants with pine-clad
 slopes and gleaming peaks—majestic, im-
 mutable.

   Looking down from where he sat on Red
 King, Lawler could see the head of the
 herd far down the ever-broadening trail.
 Tlte leaders were so far away that they
 seemed to be mere dots—black dots moving
 _ in an emerald lake.

   The cattle, too, had glimpsed the alluring '
 green that spread before them; and at a
 little distance from Lawler and several of
 the other men they were running, eager for
 the descent.

   “ She’s a w'hopper, ain’t she?” said
 Shorty’s voice at Lawler’s side. “ I’ve seen
 a heap of this man’s country, but never
 nothin’ like that. I reckon if the Lord
 had spread her out a little mite further she’d
 have took in mighty near the whole earth.
 It’s mighty plain He wasn’t skimpin’
 things none, anyway, when He made this
 here little hollow.”
246

THE ARGOSY.

  He grinned as he rode, and then waved
a sarcastic hand toward the cattle.

  “Look at ’em runnin’! You’d think,
havin’ projected around this here country
for a year or so, they’d be better judges.
They’re thinkin’ they’ll be buryin’ their
mugs in that right pretty grass in about
fifteen seconds, judgin’ from the way they’re
hittin’ the breeze toward it. An’ it’ll take
them half a day to get down there.”

  Shorty was a better judge of distance
than the cattle. For it was after noon when
the fast of the herd reached the level floor
of the basin. They spread out, to graze in-
dustriously, the men not caring, knowing
they would not stray far from such grass.

  By the time the chuck wagon had come to
a halt and the cook had clambered stiffly
from his seat to prepare the noonday meal,
Lawler and the others saw the horse
wrangler and his assistant descending the
long slope with the remnda. The horses
had fallen far behind, and Lawler rode to
meet them, curious to know what had hap-
pened.

  When he rode up, the horse wrangler, a
man named Garvin—a stocky individual
with keen, inquiring eyes—advanced to
meet him.

  “ Boss,” he said shortly, “ there’s some-
thin’ mighty wrong goin5 on behind us. Me
an’ Ed—my helper—has been kind of hang-
in’ back, bein’ sort of curious. They’s a
bunch of ornery-lookin’ guys trailin us. I
first saw ’em after we’d struck the bottom
of that canon. They was just cornin’
around that big bend, an’ I saw ’em. They
lit out, turnin’ tail—mebbe figurin’ I hadn’t
seen ’em; but pretty soon I seen ’em again,
sort of sneakin’ behind us. I reckon if they
was square guys they wouldn’t be sneakin’
like that—eh?”

CHAPTER XIV.

BLONDY ANTRIM.

YJ^HEN Lawler spoke to Blackburn re-
garding the news that had been com-
municated to him by the horse wrangler,
Blackburn suggested that himself and sev-
eral of the Circle L men ride back to ascer-
tain the object of the trailers.

  “ Wre’ll ride back an’ make ’em talk! ” he
declared heatedly.

  Lawler, however, would not agree, tell-
ing Blackburn that the trail was free, and
that, until the men made some hostile move,
there was no reason why they should be ap-
proached.

  So the men ate, selected new mounts
from their “ strings ” in the remnda, and
again started the big herd forward.

  Lawler rode for a time \wth Garvin,
keeping an alert eye on the back trail. But
though he could see far up the canon, where
the trail—white with dust from the passing
of the herd—wound its sinuous way upward
into the dark recesses between the towering
mesa walls, he could see no sign of life or
movement.

  The non-appearance of the mysterious
riders was suspicious, for if their intentions
were friendly they would have come boldly
on. In fact, if they were abroad upon an
honest errand, they must have found the
slowness of the herd ahead of them irk-
some; and they would have passed it as
soon as possible, merely to escape the dust
cloud raised by the cattle.

  When the afternoon began to wane the
herd was far out in the basin, traveling
steadily toward a point where the little river
doubled, where Blackburn intended to camp
for the night. And though both Blackburn
and Lawler scanned the back trail intently
at intervals, there was still no sign of the
riders Garvin had mentioned.

  Nor did the riders pass the herd in the
night. Blackburn threw an extra guard
around the cattle, making the shifts shorter
and more frequent; and when daylight came
a short conference among the Circle L men
disclosed the news that no riders had
passed. If any riders had passed the cow-
boys must have seen them, for there had
been a moon, and the basin in the vicinity of
the herd was clear and unobstructed.

  Enraged at the suspicious nature of the
incident, Blackburn took half a dozen
cowboys and rode back, while the remainder
of the trail crew sent the herd eastward.
It was late in the afternoon when Black-
burn returned, disappointed, * grim, and
wrathful.

  “ There’s a bunch trailin’ us, all right,”
THE TRAIL HORDE.	247

he told Lawler; “ about a dozen. We seen
where they’d stopped back in the canon
a ways—where Garvin said he’d seen ’em
sneakin’ back. We lost their tracks there,
for they merged with ours am’ we couldn’t
make nothin’ of ’em.

  “.But at the foot of the slope we picked
’em up again. Looks Like they separated.
Some of them went north an’ some went
south. I reckon that during the night
they sneaked around the edge of the basin.
It’s likely they’re hidin’ in the timber some-
where, watchin’ us. If you say the word
I’ll take some of the boys an’ rout ’em out.
We’ll find what they’re up to, damn ’em!”

  “ As long as they don’t bother us we
won’t bother them,” said Lawks. “ It’s
likely they won’t bother us.”

  Again that night.the men worked in ex-
tra shifts; and the fallowing morning the
herd climbed out of the basin and strag-
gled up a narrow trail through, some foot-
hills. At noon they passed through a defile
between two mighty mountains; and when
twilight came they had descended some low
hiHs on the other side, and went to camp
for the night on a big grass level near the
river they had followed for three days.

  The level upon which they camped was
much lower than the floor of the big b^iij,
for the water from the river came tumbling
out of a narrow gorge between the hills
through which the herd had passed.

  They were in a wild section, picturesque,
rugged. There was plenty of water, and
Blackburn and Lawler both knew that there
would be water enough for the herd all the
way to Red Rock. There was a section
of desert before’ -them, which they would
strike before many days; but they would
cross the desert in one day, barring delay;
and there seemed to be no reason why the
long drive should not prove successful de-
spite the mountain trails—most of them
hazardous—.through which they still must
pass.

  And yet the men were restless. The con-
tinued presence of an invisible menace near
by disturbed them. They had not seen the
mysterious riders again, ’but there was not a
man in the outfit who did not feel them—
not a man but was convinced that the
riders were still trailing them.

  Long ago the younger men had. ceased
to laugh and joke. During .the day they
kept gazing steadily into the gulf of space
that surrounded them, carefully scrutinizing
the timber and the virgin brush which might
form a covert; and at night they were sul-
len, expectant, every man wearing his gun
when he rolled himself in his blanket.

  It was not fear that had seized them.
They were rugged, hardy, courageous men
who had looked death jfi the face many
times, defying it, mocking it; and no visible
danger could have disturbed them.

  But this danger was not visible; it was
stealthy, secret, lurking near, always
threatening, always expected. It might
stalk behind them; it might be flanking
them as they rode; or it might creep upon
them in the night.

  Blackburn had fallen into a vicious mood.
His eyes glowed with the terrible, futile rage
that surged in his veins; it was a reflection
of a wrath that grew more and more in-
tolerant as the days passed and the danger
A at portended did not materialize.

  “ Boss,” he said to Lawler on the tenth
day following that on which Garvin had
reported the presence of the riders behind
them, “ the boys is gettin’ jumpy. They’re
givin’ one another short answers, an’ they’re
growlin’ about little things that they never
noticed before,

  “ I’m gettin’ fed up on this thing, too.
It’s a cinch them riders is following us. I
seen ’em dustin’ north of us this mornin’. I
ain’t said anything to the boys, but it’s
likely they’ve seen ’em too—for they’ve got
their eyes peeled. It’s gettin’ under mjr
skin, an’ if they don’t come out into the
open pretty soon and give us an idea of
what game they’re playin’, me an1 some of
the boys is goin’ to drag ’em out! ”

  Yet Blackburn did not carry out his
threat. He knew pursuit of the riders
would be futile, for there were no further
signs of them for several days, and Black-
burn knew the pursuers would have no
trouble in eluding them in the vast wilder-
ness through which the herd had been pass-
ing for a week.

  They had been on the trafl twenty days
when at dusk one night they moved slowly
down a wide, gradual slope toward a desert,
248

THE ARGOSY.

At the foot of the slope was a water hole
filled with a dark, brackish fluid, with a
green scum fringing its edges.

  The slope merged gently into the floor
of the desert, like an ocean beach stretch-
ing out into the water, and for a distance
out into the floor of the desert there was
bunch-grass, mesquite, and greasewood,
where the cattle might find grazing for the
night. Beyond the stretch of grass spread
the dead, gray dust, somber and desolate in
the filmy, mystic haze that was slowly de-
scending.

  The cattle came down eagerly, for they
had grazed little during the day in the
mountainous region through which they had
passed. They were showing the effects of
the drive. They had been sleek and fat
when they started from the Circle L; they
were growing lean, wild, and they were al-
ways ravenously hungry.

  But where they could feed they required
little attention; and the cowboys, after halt-
ing them, helped Garvin establish the lines
of a rope corral into which they drove the
remuda. Then they built a fire and squat-
ted wearily around it—at a respectful dis-
tance—to watch the cook—and to listen to
him as he complainingly prepared supper.

  The men had finished, and the long
shadows of the dusk were stealing out over
the desert, when Lawler—sitting on the
chuck box—heard Blackburn exclaim
sharply:

  “ Hell’s fire! Here they come!”

  Blackburn had sprung to his feet, his
eyes blazing with the pent-up wrath that
had been in them for many days. He was
tense, his muscles straining; and his fin-
gers wrere moving restlessly near the butt of
the huge pistol that swung at his hip. The
fingers were closing and unclosing, betray-
ing the man’s passion.

  Lawler got to his feet. Following the di-
rection of Blackburn’s flaming eyes, he saw,
perhaps a mile away, a large body of horse-
men. They were descending the long- slope
over which the herd had been driven.

  Lawler counted them—thirty-nine. But
the menace was no longer invisible; it w'as
now a material thing which could be met on
such terms as might be, with the whims of
chance to govern the outcome.

  Lawler did not doubt that the oncoming
riders were hostile. He had felt that when
he had first been made aware of their pres-
ence behind the herd. He saw, too, that the
men of his outfit felt as he did; for they
were all on their feet, their faces grim, their
eyes glowing with the rage that had gripped
them over the presence of the unseen men-
ace; their muscles were tensed, and their
lips were in the sullen pout which presages
the imminence of action. •

  Shorty, the tawny giant, was a terrible
figure. He seemed to be outwardly cool,
and there was not a sign of passion in his
manner. His hands swung limply at his
sides, not a muscle in his body seeming to
move. Unlike the other men, he was calm,
seemingly unperturbed.

  So striking was the contrast between him
and the other men that Lawler looked twice
at him. And the second time he saw
Shorty’s eyes—they w'ere gleaming pools of
passion, cold, repressed.

  “ Easy, boys!” Lawler called to the men.
“ Don’t let them suspect you know they’ve
been trailing us. They’ve got us two to one,
almost—if they mean trouble we’ll have to
work easy!” •

  He saw the men relax, and several of
them resumed their former positions at the
fire.

  The strange riders were coming steadily
onward; they were not more than a hundred
yards distant when Blackburn exclaimed,
hoarsely:

  “ Lawler, it’s Blondy Antrim an’, his
gang! Damn his hide! We’re in for it!”

  For the first time since Garvin had told
him about the presence of the men on the
trail behind the herd, Lawler’s face be-
trayed passion—the glow in his eyes rivaled
that in the giant’s.

  During the past year or so word had
reached him—rumor unfounded, but insis-
tent—that more than once Singleton and
Blondy Antrim, the outlaw, had been seen
together. He had placed no credence in
the rumors, ascribing them to the imagina-
tions of mischievous brains, prejudiced
against Singleton' because of his bluff, domi-
nant manner.

  He had first suspected there might be
truth in them when Joe Hamlin had told
THE TRAIL HORDE.

249

him that he had rustled cattle for Singleton.
He now believed that Singleton had dis-
posed of the stolen cattle through Antrim;
and the conviction that Singleton was be-
hind the action of the outlaw in trailing the
herd through the country seized him.

  In an instant—following Blackburn’s ex-
clamation—he was aroused to the danger
that confronted himself and his men. As
though by previous arrangement, the men
looked at him, noted the tenseness that had
come over him, listened attentively when
he spoke:

  “ Boys, don’t offer to throw a gun. I
know Antrim. He’s a killer, and his men
are like him. Take it easy—keep cool.
The man who loses his temper will be guilty
of the wholesale murder that will follow.
When Antrim rides up, send him after me!”

  He had not unsadded Red King. He
strode to the horse, swung into the saddle,
and rode eastward, away from the advanc-
ing riders.

  Blank astonishment, puzzled bewilder-
ment, shone in the eyes of the Circle L men
as they watched him, and into the hearts of
some of them crept the conviction that Law-
ler had deserted them; that he was afraid
of the outlaw chief.

  Blackburn saw what they thought, and
his burning eyes bored into them with sar-
casm unutterable. He laughed hoarsely,
with a grim mirth that startled, them.

  “ Don’t you worry about Lawler’s nerve,
boys; he’s got more of it than the bunch of
us put together! He’s got some scheme in
mind. You guys just set tight until you
find out what it is. Do as he told you.
Don’t let that scurvy gang know that you’re
flabbergasted! ”

  When Lawler rode away there was a
noticeable commotion in the group of ad-
vancing horsemen. One of them left the
group, spurring his horse in the direction
taken by Lawler. He must have been called
back, for he wheeled his mount after he had
ridden a dozen paces or so, and rejoined
his companions, who came on as before.

  When the horsemen came to a halt near
the fire, they were spread in a semicircle
about the Circle L men and in their bronzed,
immobile faces was no answer to the ques-
tion that agitated Blackburn and the others.

They had halted at a little distance from
the fire, and one of them, a tall, slender,
keen-eyed, thin-lipped man, urged his horse
out of the circle and insolently inspected
Blackburn and his cowboys.

  There was a sinister light in his eyes, a
lurking threat in his manner.

  “ What outfit is this?” he demanded.

  “ Circle L, from Wolf River,” answered
Blackburn.

  “ Where you headin’?,”

  “ To Red Rock.”

  “ Railroad out of business?” jeered the
outlaw.

  “ Far as the Circle L is concerned, it is,
Antrim,” smiled Blackburn. “ We had a
fuss, an’ quit ’em.”

  The .outlaw peered intently at the other.
Then he grinned.*

  “It’s Andy Blackburn!” he said. Glad
to meet you, Blackburn. This seems like
old times—before the railroad went
through; when old Luke Lawler used to
jam ‘’em to Red Rock—sometimes—when
he didn’t pick up too many strays on the
way.” He laughed as though pleased over
the recollection. “ Got this stock vented,
Blackburn?”

  “Nary a vent, Antrim; the inspector
wasn’t feelin’ in the humor.”

  “Ha!” exclaimed Antrim; “so you
didn’t get no vent. Well, we’re aimin’ to
look through your herd. We’ve been miss-
in’ cattle all summer—from my ranch, the
Circle Bar. About three thousand head.
We’ve traced ’em as far as Kinney’s Canon,
an’ lost ’em. But we’ve been thinkin’,
Blackburn, that it ain’t ho hard job to make
a passable Circle L out of a Circle Bar.
That’s why we aim to look your cattle
over.”

  He grinned slightly at Blackburn’s scowl,
aware of the impotent rage the latter felt
over the greatest insult that could be offered
an honest cattleman. For an instant he
watched Blackburn keenly, his lips sneer-
ing; and then he said sharply:

  “ Who was that guy that rode away as
we come up?”

  “ Lawler,” said Blackburn. “ He’s fig-
gerin’ on seein’ you alone, looks like. He
left word that when you come I was to tell
you he wanted to see you.”
250

THE ARGOSY.

  The outlaw’s eyes glowed with swift sus-
picion.

  “ He knowed me, eh?” he said. He
glanced keenly over the level floor of the
desert. Dimly, in the dusk, he could see
Lawler riding near the herd. For an instant
Antrim hesitated, plainly debating the
wisdom of leaving his men; then he smiled
with whimsical recklessness, and his move-
ments became rapid, jerky.

  “ Slade,” he said, addressing a rider near
him, “ you’re running things till I get back.”

  He wheeled his horse and sent him into
the dusk toward the herd, riding cautiously,
evidently not entirely convinced of the
peaceableness of Lawler’s intentions.

  He rode a quarter of a mile before he
came upon Lawler; and though the light
was fading he could plainly see Lawyer’s
face; set, expressionless.

  The outlaw brought his horse to a halt
within three or four paces of Red King.
Antrim’s manner exuded the insolent toler-
ance of the master, who has the confidence
that comes from thoughts of overwhelming
advantage.

  He knew Lawler; knew him as perhaps
no other man in the section knew him. For
he had seen Lawler using his gun. It had
been some years before, when Lawler had
been proving himself—proving that he had
a right to the respect and consideration of
his fellowmen; proving that no man could
trifle with him.

  Antrim had been a witness to the shoot-
ing. He had marked Lawler’s coolness, the
evenness of his temper; and had noted the
deadly swiftness and precision of his move-
ments when he had drawn his pistol. Law-
ler had not been the aggressor—a dozen
other men had testified to that.

  Antrim had not seen Lawler since, until
now. And as he looked at him he saw that
the years had brought a change in the man.
He had been a tall, bold, reckless-looking
youth then, with a certain wild wayward-
ness in his manner that might have de-
stroyed him, had he yielded to it. Now
he was cold, calm, deliberate, imperturbable.
The recklessness had disappeared from his
eyes; they were now aglow with quiet deter-
mination. The waywardness had gone—
ironlike resolution marked his manner.

  And yet behind it all, Antrim could see
the threat of those youthful passions; the
lurking eagerness for violent action; the hint
of preparedness, of readiness.

  Antrim was startled, uneasy. He saw
now that he should not have left his men;
that he had made a mistake in coming alone
to meet Lawler.

  He was certain of it when he heard Law-
ler’s voice, saw the cold, smiling light in
his eyes.	,

  “ You’re wanting my cattle, Antrim.
Your men have been trailing me for two
weeks. You don’t get them. You’ve got
thirty-nine men, and there are only twenty-
three Circle L men over there. I’m not get-
ting any of them killed. This thing is be-
tween you and myself. Get your hand
away from your gun or I’ll bore you!”

  He moved his hand where it had been—
seemingly—lying on Red King’s neck, un-
der the mane, and Antrim saw the dark
muzzle of a pistol showing in the hand.

  “ I’m not taking any chances, Antrim—
you can see that. I’m not going to take
any. If you do anything to attract the at-
tention of your men, I’ll kill you. Drop
your guns, using your thumbs and fore-
fingers.”

  He waited, watching keenly until the out-
law had complied with the demand, the two
big pistols thudding dully into the sand be-
side his horse.

  Then Lawler resumed, his voice low and
even, as before:

  “ Now we’re riding back to the fire, An-
trim. Listen hard, for this means life or
death to you:

  “ We’re going back to the fire. YouTre
going to act as though nothing had hap-
pened; and you are to tell your men that
you have changed your mind about the cat-
tle—you are to tell them that you are going
with me to Red Rock; and you are sending
them back to where you came from, to wait
for you.”

  Antrim stiffened, and his face bloated
poisonously. But he did not answer, for
there was that in Lawler’s eyes that con-
vinced him of the futility of attempting re-
sistance.

  “ You’re going to Red Rock with me,”
went on Lawler. “ I’m going to be per-
THE TRAIL HORDE.

251

sonally responsible for you. I’m going to
watch you; you’re going to ride ahead of
me. If you talk, or make any motion that
brings any of your men back, you’ll die
so quick you won’t know it happened! Do
you understand?”

  “ Damn you, Lawler; you’ll pay for
this!” muttered the outlaw. “I’ll go on
your trail and I’ll never let up till I get
you! ”

  Lawler laughed lowly. “ Just be careful
not to get any of that poison in your voice
when you tell your men what I told you,
Antrim, or you’ll never go on anybody’s
trail. Get going, now; and be careful.”
Antrim wheeled his horse, and Lawler
spurred Red King beside him.

  “ I’ll be watching you, Antrim,” he
warned. “ If your men show they suspect
anything wrong you go down, mighty rapid.
You don’t get off your horse until your men
go. And there is to be no playing for time.
You talk fast and earnest, and carefully.
Go ahead.”

  Riding slightly in Antrim’s rear, Lawler
followed the outlaw to the fire. There had
come no change in the positions of the out-
laws or of the Circle L men. And when An-
trim and Lawler rode up there was a si-
lence during which the men of both factions
looked interrogatively at their leaders.

  Antrim’s face was pale, and his voice was
vibrant with emotion. But he did not hesi-
tate.

  “ Slade,” he said to the man he had left in
charge, “ I’ve changed my mind about these
cattle. Lawler has given me proof that
none of our stock is with them. I’m hittin’
the trail to Red Rock with Lawler. You
take the boys back to the ranch an’ wait
for me.”

  Slade’s eyes widened; he flushed and
peered keenly at Antrim. “ You—why,
hell’s fire, Antrim; we—”

  “ Slade, do as I tell you!” said Antrim
coldly. “ Are you runnin’ my affairs? You
hit the breeze, right now—you hear me! ”
Slade grinned venomously, and waved a
violent hand around the circle. “ You hear
your boss, boys! ” he said. “ Slope! ”

  The men hesitated an instant, sending
sharp, incredulous glances at their leader.
But Antrim, pale, knowing that if he be-

trayed the slightest sign of insincerity his
men would suspect, met their looks steadily.
The men wheeled their horses, muttering
profanely, and rode slowly westward into
the growing darkness.

  When they had disappeared, Lawler
smiled faintly at the outlaw chief.

  “ You can get down, now, Antrim.” He
drew the pistol from Red King’s mane,
where it had been concealed during Antrim’s
talk with his men, and «heathed it. And
then Blackburn, who had been a silent,
amazed witness to what had occurred, whis-
tled softly, covertly poking Shorty in the
ribs.

  “ There’s one thing that’s as good as a
vent, ain’t there, Shorty?” he said. “ That’s
a gun in the hand of a man who’s got plenty
of nerve!”

CHAPTER XV.

“ MEDIUM MOURNFUL.”

U ARLY in the afternoon of the first day
of December the sky darkened, and a
cold, raw wind began to shriek through
Willets. The company corral was empty;
and again, as on the day before Kane Law-
ler had visited him, Gary Warden stood at
one of the windows of his office, smiling.
Warden was almost satisfied.

  Only one disturbing thought persistently
recurred: Lawler had got his cattle through
to Red Rock.

  A crimson stain appeared in Warden’s
cheeks as his thoughts reverted to Lawler’s
return to Willets, after disposing of his cat-
tle to the Red Rock buyer. And Warden’s
shoulders sagged a little, the smile faded,
and he glared malignantly at the bleak,
gray clouds that sailed over town on the
chill, bitter wind.

  Oddly, at the instant Warden’s memory
was dwelling upon the incident of Lawler’s
return to Willets, Lafe Corwin, the store-
keeper, was mentally reviewing the incident.

  Willets was a cow-town, and for that
season its period of activity was over. All
the beef cattle in the section, with the ex-
ception of three thousand head still held
by Lawler, at the Circle L, had been shipped
eastward, and Willets would now descend
252

THE ARGOSY.

to supine indifference to considerations of
gain.

  Lafe Corwin was tilted back in a big
wooden chair near the big, roaring-hot stove
in the lounging-room of the Willets Hotel.
His clerk could attend the store. Until
spring came, Corwin would spend much of
his leisure near the big stove in the hotel,
talking politics and cattle—two subjects of
paramount importance. >

  But just at this instant Corwin was think-
ing of Lawler’s return to Willets. Little
wrinkles gathered around his eyes—which
were twinkling; and he chuckled lowly as
his gaze roved from one to the other of the
men who, like himself, were enjoying the
warmth of the stove, and listening, between
words, to the howling and moaning of the
wind.

  Three or four times, during silences, Cor-
win chuckled. And when at last he saw
Dave Rankin, the blacksmith, watching him
curiously, he guffawed aloud.

  “ I don’t reckon I ever seen no mourn-
fuller sight than that!” he declared.

■ “ Meanin’ which?” asked the blacksmith,
his eyes alight with truculent inquiry. The
others sat erect, attentively.

  “ Meanin’ that mornin’ when Kane Law-
ler hopped off the train with his bunch of
cow-hands—an’ Blondy Antrim,” snickered
Corwin. “ Dave Singleton an’ Gary War-
den an’ Jordan an’ Simmons an’ that pony-
built girl which is stayin’ over to the Two
Diamond with that ossified woman she calls
‘ Aunt Hannah,’ was on the platform wait-
in’ for the six o’clock train from the East.
It appears that pony-built—Della Wharton,
her name is—was expectin’ some gimcracks,
an’ Warden an’ her was waitin’ for them.
Anyways, they was there. It sure was
medium mournful!” declared Corwin.

  He appeared to hesitate; and Rankin
grinned,

  “ We’ve heard it before; but I reckon we
can stand listenin’ agin. Tell it, Corwin,”

  “ As I was sayin’ when you interrupted
me—it was medium mournful,” resumed
Corwin. “ Shorty—who was with Lawler
on the drive—has told me since; but at that
time I didn’t know—that Jordan had re-
fused to vent Lawler’s cattle.

  “ Well, I’d come down to see the train

come in, too. We was all standin’ there
when she come a steamin’ up, an’ stopped.
An’ who dumb off but Lawler an’ his trail
crew—twenty-three of ’em. An’ Blondy
Antrim in the midst of ’em, lookin’ like a
sheep-killin’ dog.

  “ Well, gentlemen, they was a scene.
Wrarden got his face all screwed up an’
couldn’t get it unscrewed agin. He looked
like he’d swallered a hot brandin’ iron an’
it didn’t lay easy on his stummjck. Single-
ton was a standin’ .there with his mouth
open an’ his eyes a poppin’ out; an’ Jordan
was plumb flabbergasted. Simmons ..was
leanin’ ag’in’ the side of the station buildin’,
lookin’ like he was expectin’ to be shot the
next minute.

  “ That Della Wharton girl was the only
one that seemed to have any wits at all. I
seen her grin eloquent at Lawler, an’ look
him straight in the eye like she was tellin’
him somethin’ intimate.

  “ Well, as I was sayin’, Lawler an’ his
boys got off-—an’ Blondy Antrim. Antrim
looks wild an’ flighty—like you’ve seen a
locoed steer on the prod. His eyes was a
glarin’ an’ he was mutterin’ cusses by the
mouthful. All of which didn't seem to
feaze Lawler none.

  “ Lawler was as cool as 'an iceberg which
had just arrove from the north pole. An’
then some. An’ he got a mean, mild grin
on his face when he saw the reception com-
mittee that had come to meet him. They
was a twinkle in his eyes when he looked at
Della Wharton; but when Warden blows
into his line of vision he looked mighty
wicked.

  “ Lawler an’ his gang had brought their
hosses from Red Rock in two cars—they’d
sold some of the remuda in Red Rock, not
earin’ to ship ’em home. Anyways, the
gang didn’t appear in no hurry to unload
the hosses; an’ a trainman yells to them,
sayin’ they’d have to hurry.

  “ But the boys was too interested just
then. ‘ Unload ’em yourself,, you sufferin’
yap!’ yells Shorty. ‘If you pull out of
here with them hosses I’ll blow your
damned railroad over into the next county! ’
Shorty sure does love the railroad! .

  “ As I was sayin’ when you interrupted
me: Lawler look-ed mighty wicked. But
THE TRAIL HORDE.	253

i

He’s cold an’ polite—an’ ca’am. An’ he
escorts Antrim over to where Warden was
standin’, an’ says, quiet an’ low:

  “ ‘ Warden, I have brung back my vent.
He sure was a heap of trouble, an’ he got
himself attached to us right close. But as
we haven’t got no further use for him we’re
turnin’ him over-to you. . I reckon he’s
lookin’ to you an’ Singleton to pay him for
the trouble of trailin’ us for two weeks, an’
for keepin’ me company as far as Red Rock,
to see that my herd got there right an’
proper. Antrim,’ he says; ‘ go to your
boss! ’ And he gives him a little shove to-
ward Warden.

  “ Warden didn’t say nothin’—he’d lost
his voice, I reckon. But Antrim goes off
the handle complete.

  “‘The damned sneak lifted my guns!’
he yells.

  “ ‘ You wantin’ a gun?’ says Lawler, cold
an’ ca’am. He backs up an’ lifts one of
Shorty’s. Then he walks close to Antrim
an’ shoves it into his right hand.

  “ ‘ There’s a gun, you polecat,’ he says.
‘ Fan it. I’d admire to blow the gizzard
outen you!’

  “ But Antrim didn’t seem to be none
tickled, now that he’d got the gun. He
stood, lookin’ at it, like it was somethin’
strange an’ unusual, an’ he was wonderin’
whether he ought to hang onto it or drop
it. Finally he grins sorta sheepishlike, an’
hands it back to Lawler, butt first.

  “ ‘ I ain’t aimin’ to fight you to-day,
Lawler,’ he says, his face bloomin’ like a
cactus.

  “ Lawler laughs, an’ gives Shorty his gun
back. Shorty grins like a tiger. ‘ Mebbe
Singleton wouldn’t mind acceptin’ your kind
offer, boss?’ he says.

  “ But Singleton don’t break his neck
reachin’ for his gun, neither. He stands
there, lookin’ like a calf that’s lost its
mother. An’ then Lawler laughs again,
an’ says:

  “ ‘ Well, boys, seein’ that the reception
committee has received us, an’ the honors
has all been done, I reckon we’d better get
the hosses off the cars an’ hit the breeze
for home!’

  “ An’ they done so. But before they went
they smoked up the town considerable—

as you all seen. Them boys had divided
twenty-five thousand dollars between them,
which Lawler give ’em for makin’ the drive.
An’ they sure did celebrate.

  “ Except Lawler. He went right home,
an’ I ain’t seen him since. But I reckon
Warden an’ the rest of them ain’t had no
regrets. I ain’t never seen no mournfuller
sight than them folks sneakin’ away from
the station. All but Della Wharton. She
was a grinnin’ sorta slylike, as though some-
thin’ pleased her.”

CHAPTER XVI.

THE WIRE-CUTTERS.

T?/HEN Lawler returned to the Circle L
ranch-house he found that his sister
Mary had gone East, to school. She had
left for Willets on the second day following
Lawler’s departure; and Mrs. Lawler had
already received two letters from her.

  Mrs. Lawler watched her son keenly when
she told him that Joe Hamlin had brought
a letter, stating that Hamlin was to be per-
mitted to take a number of mixed cattle
from the Circle L—and that he had driven
away one hundred. She smiled gently when
she told Lawler that on the day before her
departure Mary had visited Ruth Hamlin
—had spent the whole day with her, and
had come home, mysteriously delighted.
Ruth had given up the school.

  “ Mary loves her, Kane,” said Mrs. Law-
ler. And she smiled again when she saw a
flush reach Lawler’s face.

  Lawler intended to ride to the Hamlin
cabin this morning. It was the third day
following his return to the ranch; and until
now he had had no time for anything ex-
cept to attend to the many details of work
that had been neglected during his absence.

  There were still three thousand head of
cattle on the Circle L range—the men had
held them in the valley for a time during
his absence on the trail, but the grass had
grown sparse, and the herd was now grazing
on the big plain beyond the northern slope
of the valley.

  During the two days that he had been
home the outfit had been busy. The Circle
L had a dozen line camps—little adobe
254

THE ARGOSY.

cabins scattered over the range, occupied
during the winter by Circle L cowboys
whose duty it was to guard the cattle
against the aggressions of timber wolves;
and from rustlers, cold, and starvation.

  For two days the chuck-wagon had been
sent rattling to the various line camps,
stocking them with supplies against the
winter. As the weather was threatening
the hoodlum wagon had been pressed into
service this morning; and all the men, with
the exception of the blacksmith—who was
working diligently in his shop near the cor-
ral; and two punchers—Davies and Har-
ris, who had been assigned to Number One
camp—were away with the two wagons.

  Davies and Harris had not been able to
resist the lure of “ town.” The prosperity
that had descended upon them had made
them restless, and the night before they
had importuned Lawler to permit them to
spend “ one more night in towTn before
holin’ up for the winter.”

  Lawler had consented; and now he was
wishing that he hadn’t. For when he
emerged from the ranch-house this morning
he saw a dark cloud bank far in the north,
moving southward on the chill wind.

  The herd, he knew, was somewhere on
the big level beyond the crest of the valley,
in the vicinity of Number One line camp.
It was an isolated section off the trail that
led to town—a section of featureless level
near a big break in the valley.

  The break opened upon another big level
that stretched southward for a hundred
miles. In other days Luke Lawler had lost
many cattle there; they had drifted through
the break by hundreds, with a blizzard be-
hind them; and had been swallowed by the
great waste.

  Two years before—aware of the previous
losses—Lawler had erected a wire- fence
across the big break, extending from a
craggy mountain wall on the western end,
to a sheer butte that marked the end of
the break, eastward.

  Lawler had sent Red King to the crest
of the valley on his way to the Hamlin
cabin, when he noted that the cloud bank
in the north had grown denser, nearer. The
wind had increased in velocity, and he had
to lean against it as he rode; and it was so

cold and raw that he drew his heavy cap
down ovej; his eyes to shield them, and
drew over his mouth the heavy woolen scarf
he wore around his neck.

  He rode on a short distance, casting
troubled glances into the north. He found
himself wondering if Davies and Harris had
gone to the line camp. If they hadn’t, and
a storm broke, the herd on the big level
was in danger.

  He brought Red King to a.halt. The
big horse pranced, whistling eagerly. He
champed on the bit, tossed his head, raising
it finally and staring straight into the north.

  “ You see it too, eh, King?” said Lawler.
“Well, we can’t take that chance; we’ll
have to go to the camp.”

  He headed Red King down into the val-
ley again, where the bitter wind did not
strike them, riding westward rapidly.

  It was noon before Lawler and Red King
had traveled half the distance to the line
camp. A dull, gray haze was sweeping
southward. It mingled with the southern
light and threw a ghostly glare into the
valley, making distance deceptive, giving a
strange appearance to the landmarks with
which Lawler and the horse were familiar.

  Lawler increased Red King’s pace. He
saw that the storm was nearer than he had
thought, and that he would have to work
fast to get the cattle headed into the valley
before it broke.

  The distance from the Circle L ranch-
house to the big plain near the line cabin
was about fifteen miles, and the trail led
upward in a long, tiresome rise. Yet Red
King struck the level with a reserve strength
that was betrayed by the way he fought
for his head as he saw the level stretch be-
fore him. He was warmed up—he wanted
to run.

  But Lawler drew him down in an effort
to locate the herd before he started to-
ward it.

  Man and horse made a mere blot on the
yawning expanse of land that stretched
away from them in all directions. A lone
eagle in the sky or a mariner adrift on a
deserted sea could not have seemed more
isolated than Lawler and Red King. In
this limitless expanse of waste land, horse
and rider were dwarfed to the proportions
THE TRAIL HORDE.

255

of atoms. The yawning, aching, stretching
miles of level seemed to have no end.

  Several miles into the north, Lawler saw
the herd. Directly westward, at a distance
of about a mile, he saw the line cabin. No
smoke was issuing from the chimney; and
so far as he could discern, there were no
men with the cattle.

  Harris and Davies had overstayed. That
knowledge might have been responsible for
the grim humor in Lawler’s eyes; but the
rigidness of his body and the aggressive
thrust to his chin were caused by knowl-
edge of a different character. The storm
was about to break.

  The sun was casting a dull red glow
through the gray haze. It was blotted out
as he looked. Southward from the horizon
ends extended a broad sea of shimmering,
glittering sky that contrasted brilliantly
with the black, wind-whipped clouds that
had gathered in the north. Fleecy gray
wisps, detached from the heavy, spreading
mass northward, were scurrying southward,
streaking the shimmering brilliance, and
telling of the force of the wind that drove
them.

  A wailing note came from the north, a
sighing vague with a portent of force; a
whisper of unrest, a promise of fury. Far
in the north, its blackness deepening with
distance, stretched the menace, arousing
awe with its magnitude.

  Nature seemed to know what impended,
for on the vast level where the storm would
have a clear sweep the dried grass, bronzed
by the searing autumn sun, was rustling as
it bent far southward; the hardy sage bowed
reluctantly to the fitful blasts, and the
scraggly, ugly yucca resentfully yielded to
the unseen force.

  A wide, shallow gully ran northwestward
from a point near Red King, almost in a
straight line toward the herd. Lawler urged
the big horse into the gully, and rode hard.
The distance was several miles, but when
Red King came to the gully end he flashed
out of it like a streak of red flame. He
was drawn down, instantly, however, snort-
ing and pawing impatiently, while Lawler
shielded his eyes with his hands and again
scanned the country.

  He saw the herd; and as he watched it

began to move. There were no men near
the cattle.

  They started slowly, seeming reluctant
to leave the level. They moved sullenly,
closely massed, their heads lowered, their
tails drooping. The wind, now beginning
to carry a vicious note with its whine, drove
a heavy dust cloud against them, warning
them.

  The wind was icy, giving the cattle a
foretaste of what was ts come. And min-
gling with the dust were fine, flinty snow
particles that came almost horizontally
against their rumps, stinging them, worry-
ing them. They increased their pace, and
soon were running with a swinging, awk-
ward stride, straight toward the wire fence,
several miles distant.

  If they saw Lawler they gave no sign,
for they went lumbering ori, snorting and
bawling their apprehension.

  Lawler was about to start Red King to-
ward them, when he noted movement on
the level a little northwestward from the
cattle. Peering intently, he saw two horse-
men racing southward, a little distance
ahead of the cattle, paralleling them.

  At first Lawler was certain the men were
Davies and Harris, and he smiled, appre-
ciating their devotion to duty. But when
he saw them race past the cattle, not even
halting to head them in the right direction
—which would have been slightly eastward,
so that they would enter the valley before
reaching the fence—he frowned, wheeled
Red King sharply, and sent him back into
the gully from which he had emerged.

  “ They’re strangers, King,” he said,
shortly to the horse, as the latter fled head-
long down the gully toward the point from
which he had started; “ Davies and Harris
wouldn’t leave the herd with that norther
coming on.”

  The big horse made fast time down the
gully. He brought Lawler to a point near
the fence where it crossed the gully at about
the instant the two riders were dismounting
some distance away.

  Lawler rode out of the gully and brought
Red King to a halt. There was no danger
that the two men would discover him, for
all objects in the vicinity were rapidly being
blotted out by the dancing smother of dust
256

THE ARGOSY.

that was riding the north wind. Lawler was
to the north of the men, slightly eastward,
and they could not have faced the smother
of dust to look toward him.

  Lawler could dimly see the herd movkg
toward the fence; he could see the men
plainly; and as he watched them his eyes
narrowed. The big horse leaped with the
word he caught from his rider’s lips, racing
lightly with the wind toward the fence
where the men were working.

  Lawler’s approach was noiseless, for all
sound was engulfed in the steady, roaring
whine of the storm. Neither of the two
men, working at the fence, heard Lawler
as he brought the big horse to a halt within
half a dozen paces of them.

  The taller of the two, plying a pair of
wire-nippers, completed his work at a fence
post and turned to leap toward another.
The movement brought him against the
muzzle of Lawler’s horse. He halted jerkily,
retreated a step, and looked up, to see Law-
ler looking at him from behind the muzzle
of the big pistol that had leaped into his
hand.

  There was no word spoken—none could
be heard at the moment. What followed
was grim pantomime, with tragedy lurking
near.

  The tall man held his position. He had
tentatively extended his right hand, the
fingers spread, clawlike. Now the hand was
going upward, accompanied by the other.

  When the man had stepped backward to
escape a collision with Lawler’s horse, the
wind had whipped his hat from his head.
He now stood there, his hair waving to the
vicious whims of the gale, veiling his eyes,
and he not daring to lower his hands to
brush it away.

  The shorter man, too, had assumed a
statuesque pose. He had turned when he
had noted his companion’s startled move-
ment, and he, too, had seen an apparition
that had sent his hands swiftly upward.

  The big horse stood motionless, his back
to the wind. He did not move as Lawler
leaped from his back—smoothly, quickly,
his eyes alert, his muscles tensed for violent
action.

  The men stood rigid while Lawler jerked
their pistols from their holsters and tossed

them into the dust waves that danced and
swirled around them. The short man was
catapulted against the tall one with a vi-
ciousness that staggered both; and then
they heard Lawler’s voice, sharp and pene-
trating, above the shrieking of the wind:

   “ Those cattle will be here in five min-
 utes! If you don’t have that fence repaired
 before then, you drift with them, hoofing
 it!”

   In the allotted time they repaired the
 fence, working with breathless energy,
 while Lawler stood near, the menacing gun
 in hand, a saturnine smile wreathing his
 face.

   When the herd reached the fence there
 was no break in it. More—where the break
 had been were three men on horses who
 took instant charge, easing the cattle down
 _ along the fence, heading them eastward to-
 ward the shelter they were sure to find if
 they kept going.

   The three men followed the cattle for a
 mile—until they were going straight and
 fast toward the home ranch. Then Lawler,
 smiling with bitter humor, motioned the
 men toward the back trail.

  They seemed to know what was de-
manded of them. They wheeled their
horses, sending them into the billowy white
smother that was now coming in a gigantic
wave toward them.

   The southern light had gone. A dense
 blackness, out of which roared a gale that
 robbed them of their breath, descended.
 The snow was hurled against them like a
 sand blast, biting deep, stinging their faces
 and blinding them.

   It took them more than an hour to travel
 the distance that lay between the point at
 which they had cut the fence, and the line
 cabin. And when they reached a wind-
 break near the structure the two men rode
 behind it, silent, thankful.

   Lawler had ridden forth, prepared for
 bad weather. His face was now muffled in
 f, huge scarf that encircled his neck, and his
 eyes were shielded by the peak of the fur
 cap he wore. He dismounted, waved the
 men toward a dugout, and watched them
 as they dismounted and led their; horses
 through a narrow door. When the men
 emerged Lawler led the big red horse in,
THE TRAIL HORDE.

257

leaving the men to stand in the white gale
that enveloped them.

  The wind was now roaring steadily, and
with such force that no man could have
turned toward it with uncovered face. It
came over the vast emptiness of the north-
ern spaces with a fury that sent into one
the consciousness that here was an element
with which man could not cope.

  Lawler emerged from the dugout and
closed the door behind him. He barred it,
turned, and motioned the two men toward
the cabin. He followed them as they opened
the door and entered. Then, after closing
the door and barring it, he lifted the peak
of his cap, removed the scarf from his neck,
glanced around the interior of the cabin,
and looked coldly at "the men.

  “ Well,” he said; “ there’s a heap of ex-
plaining to be done. You can begin now—•
one at a time!”

CHAPTER XVII.

THE INQUISITION.

*T,HE two men had walked to a point near
the big fireplace that occupied the great-
er part of one end of the cabin. The hat-
less one, big, assertive, belligerent, grinned
defiantly, saying nothing in answer to Law-
ler’s words.

  The other man, slighter, and plainly ap-
prehensive, glanced swiftly at his compan-
ion; then lowered his eyes and gazed at the
floor.

  “You skunks bunked here last night!”,
charged Lawler sharply. “ When I was
here, yesterday, these bunks were made up.
Look at them now! Talk fast. Were you
here last night?”

  The smaller man nodded.

  “ Why didn’t you cut the fence Iasi
night?”

  The smaller man grinned. “ We ^wasn’t
aimin’ to get caught.”

  “ Expected there’d be line riders here,
eh?” ;

  The other did not answer.

  “ Then,' when you saw no one was here,
and that it was likely the norther would
keep any one from coming, you cut the
fence. That’s it, eh?”

    7	Argosy

  The two men did not answer, regarding
him sullenly.

  Lawler smiled. This time there was a
cold mirth in his smile that caused the two
men to look quickly at each other. They
paled and scowled at what they saw in
Lawler’s eyes.

  Half a dozen bunks ranged the side walls
of the cabin, four on one side, two on the
other, arranged in tiers, upper and lower,
A rough, square table s3t near the center
of the room, with a low bench on one side
of it and several low chairs on the other. A
big chuck-box stood in a corner near the
fireplace, its top half open, revealing the
supplies with which the receptacle was
filled; some shelves on the other side of the
fireplace were piled high with canned goods
and bulging packages. The bunks were
filled with bed clothing ; and an oil-lamp
stood on a triangular shelf in a corner near
the door. The walls were bare with the ex-
ception of some highly-colored lithographs
that, evidently, had been , placed there by
some one in whom the love of art still
flourished.

  It was cold in the cabin. A window in
the north wall, with four small panes of
glass in it, was slowly whitening with the
frost that was stealing over it. In the cor-
ners of the mullions were fine snow drifts;
and through a small crevice in the roof a
white spray filtered, ballooning around the
room.

  During the silence which followed Law-
ler’s words, and while the two fence-cutters
watched each other and Lawler, all caught
the voice of the storm, raging, furious, in-
cessant.

  With his free hand Lawler unbuttoned
his coat, tossed his cap into a bunk, and
ran a hand through his hair, shoving it back
from his forehead. His movements were
deliberate. It was as though catching fence
cutters was an occupation of every-day oc-
currence.

  Yet, something in his eyes—the thing
the two men had seen—gave the lie to the
atmosphere of deliberate ease that radiated
from him. In his eyes was something that
warned, that hinted of passion.

As the men watched him, noting his mus-
cular neck and shoulders; the slim waist of
258

THE ARGOSY.

him, the set of his head—which had that
hint of conscious strength, both mental and
physical, which clearly marks the intelligent
fighter—they shrank a little, glowering sul-
lenly.

  Lawler stood close to the door, the pistol
danglihg from his right hand. He had
hooked the thumb of the left hand into his
cartridge belt, and his eyes were gleaming
with feline humor.

  “ There’s a heap to be told,” he said.
“ I’m listening.”

  A silence followed his words. Both men
moistened their lips; neither spoke.

  “Get going!” commanded Lawler.

  “ We was headin’ south,” said the small
man, “ We cut the fence to git through.”

  Lawler’s eyelids flickered slightly. The
heavy pistol swung upward until the dark
tube gaped somberly into the small man’s
eyes.

  “ I’ve got loads of time, but I don’t feel
like wasting it,” said Lawler. “ You’ve got
one minute to come clean. Keep your traps
shut for that time, and I bore you—both—
and chuck you outside!”

  His smile might have misled some men,
but the small man had correctly valued
Lawler.

  “ Gary Warden hired us to cut the
fence.”

  The man’s voice was a placative whine.
His furtive eyes swept Lawler’s face for
signs of emotion.

  There were no signs. Lawler’s face
might have been an expressionless mask.
Not a muscle of his body moved. The of-
fense was a monstrous one in the ethics of
the cow-country; and the fence-cutter had
a right to expect Lawler to exhibit passion
of some kind.

  “ Gary Warden, eh?” Lawler, laughed
quietly. “ If you’re lying—”

  The man protested that he was telling the
truth.

  At this point the tall man sneered.

  “ Hell,” he said; “ quit your damn blab-
bin’! ”

  “ Yes,” grinned Lawler, speaking to the
small man. “ You’re quitting your talk.
From now on your friend is going to do it.
I’m asking questions a heap rapid, and the
answers are going to jump right onto the

  tails of the questions. If they don’t, I’m
going to see how near I can come to boring
a hole in the place where you’ve got your
brains cached.”

  The man glared malignantly at Lawler;
but when the first question came it was an-
swered instantly:

  “ How much did Warden pay you?”

  “ A hundred dollars.”

  “ When were you to cut the fence?”

  “ When the norther struck.” *

  “ You saw us cache grub in the cabin?”
  The man nodded.

  “ What if you had found a couple of
line riders here? What were you told to do
if you found line riders here? I’m wanting
the truth—all of it!”

  The man hesitated. Lawler’s pistol
roared, the concussion rocking the air of the
cabin. The man staggered back, clapping
a hand to his head, where, it seemed to
him, the bullet from the pistol had been
aimed.

  The man brought up against the rear wall
of the cabin, beside the fireplace; and he
leaned against it, his face ghastly with
fright, his lips working soundlessly. The
little man cowered, plainly expecting Law-
ler would shoot him, too. And Lawler’s
gun did swing up again menacingly, but
the voice of the tall man came, blurting
out the reply:

  “ Warden told us to knife any men we
found here.”

  Lawler’s lips straightened, and his eyes
glowed with a passion so intense that the
men shrank, gibbering, in the grip of a
mighty paralysis.

  Lawler walked to the table and sat be-
side it, placing the gun near his right hand.
The men watched him, fascinated; noting
his swift movements as he plunged a hand
into a pocket and drew out a small pad of
paper and a pencil. He wrote rapidly upon
a leaf of the pad; then got up, stepped back
and ordered the tall man to approach the
table.

  “ Write your name below what I have
written—and date it.”

  When both men had signed the paper,
Lawler folded it, stuck it between some
leaves of the pad, and replaced pad and
pencil in the pocket.
THE TRAIL HORDE.

259

  “ That’s all,” he said. “ You’ll hang out
here until the norther blows itself out;
then you’ll hit the trail to town and tell
your story to the sheriff. I’ll be doing the
honors.”

  He sheathed his gun and flung open the
door, stepping back as a white avalanche
rushed in; grinning broadly as he saw the
men shrink from it. He divined that the
men though he was going to force them out
into the storm immediately, and he grinned
coldly.

  “You can be tickled that I’m not sending
you out into it, to drift with the cattle you
tried to kill,” he said. “ You’d deserve that,
plenty. You’ll find wood beside the dug-
out. Get some of it in here and start a fire.
Move; and don’t try any monkey busi-
ness!”

  He closed the door as the men went out;
He had no fear that they would try to
escape — even a threat of instant death
could not have forced them to leave the
cabin now.

  When they came in they kindled a fire in
the big fireplace, hovering close to it after
the blaze sprang up, enjoyjng its warmth,
for the interior of the cabin had become
frigid.

  Lawler, however, did not permit the men
to enjoy the fire. He sent them out for
more wood, and when they had piled a
goodly supply in a corner, and had filled a
tin water-pail from a water hole situated
about a hundred feet straight out from the
door of the cabin, he sent them again on a
message to the dugout to get their ropes.

  With the ropes, despite the sullen objec-
tions of the men, he bound their hands and
feet tightly, afterward picking the men up
and tossing them ungently into upper bunks
on opposite sides of the room.

  He stood, after watching them for a
time, grinning coldly.

  “ That’s just so you won’t get to thinking
you are company,” he said. “ We’re holed
up for a long time, maybe, and I don’t want
you to bother me, a heap. If you get to
bothering me—disturbing my sleep trying
to untangle yourselves from those ropes,
why—”

  He significantly tapped his pistol. Then
he pulled a chair close to the fire, dropped

into it, rolled a cigarette, and calmly
smoked, watching the white fleece trail up
the chimney.

CHAPTER XVIII.

THE KNOCKING AT THE DOOR.

J70R an hour there was no sound in the
cabin. Lawler smoked several cigarettes.
Once he got up and threW* more wood upon
the fire, standing in front of the blaze for
several minutes, stretching his long legs,
watching the licking tongues as they Were
sucked up the chimney by the shrieking
wind.

   Then, for a time, he lounged in the chair,
gazing meditatively at the north window,
noting how the fine, frozen snow meal clung
to. the glass; watching the light fade, listen-
ing to the howling white terror that had
seized the world in its icy grip.

  At the end of an hour it grew dark in
the cabin. Lawler got up, lighted the kero-
sene-lamp, placed it on the table, seated
himself on a bench, and again resumed
meditatively watching the leaping flames in
the fireplace.

  Satisfaction glowed in his eyes as he
thought of what would have happened had
he not decided to substitute for Davies and
Harris. Undoubtedly by this time the two
men were on their way to the camp. They
would certainly have noticed the warning,
black northern sky and other indications
of the coming storm. And undoubtedly, if
they had started toward the camp, they
were by this time being punished for their
dereliction.

  They would make the camp, though, he
was sure, for they had the wind at their
backs, and they knew the trail. He ex-
pected, any minute, to hear them at the
door.

  He grinned, his face" a trifle grim as
he anticipated their astonishment at finding
him there, with the two fence-cutters oc-
cupying the bunks.

  He had not followed the herd to the Cir-
cle L shelters because he had had small hope
of keeping close to the fence-cutters in the
storm. And he had brought them back to
the cabin to make sure of them. As he sat
260

THE ARGOSY.

at the table he drew out the paper the men
had signed, and read their names:

   Lay Givens.

   Ben Link.

  Their confession would convict Gary
Warden of a crime that—if it did not open
the doors of the penitentiary to him—would
bring upon him the condemnation of every
honest man in the State. In his anxiety to
inflict damage upon Lawler, Warden had
overstepped himself.

  Lawler had betrayed no passion that day
when he had got off the train at Willets
with his men, and Blondy Antrim. He had
not permitted any of them to suspect that
the incident of the attempted theft of a por-
tion of the trail herd had affected him.

  But it had affected him. It had aroused
him as he had never been aroused before;
it had filled him with a passionate hatred
of Gary Warden so intense that when his
thoughts dwelt upon the man he felt a lust
to destroy him. Not even Lafe Corwin,
watching him that day at Willets, knew how
he had fought to overcome the driving de-
sire to kill Warden, Singleton, and Antrim,
as they had stood there on the platform.

  His eyes chilled now, as he thought of
Warden and the others. He got up, his
blood pulsing heavily, and started toward
the fire. He had reached it, and was stand-
ing before it, when he heard a sound at the
door—a faint knocking, and a voice.

  Davies and Harris were coming now.
They were cold, he supposed, had seen the
light in the window—perhaps had tried the
door; the wind drowning the noise so that
he had not heard it before. They were in
a hurry to get in, to the warmth the cabin
afforded.

  He was in no hurry to let them in, and
he walked deliberately to the table and
stood beside it, his back to the fire, smiling.

  He heard no further sound, and he sup-
posed the men had gone to the dugout to
turn their horses into its shelter before
again trying the door.

  He was in a grimly humorous mood, now,
and he stooped, blew out the light, and
stepped toward the door, standing back of
it, where it would swing against him when
the men opened it.

  He loosened the fastenings, stealthily.
He wanted them to come in and find the
two fence-cutters there.

  He stood for a long time at the door,
listening, waiting. No sound reached his
ears, and he scowled, puzzled. Then, above
the wailing voice of the storm, came the
shrill, piercing neigh of a horse.

  Several times in his life had Lawler heard
that sound—once when a cow-pony which
had been bogged down in quicksand had
neighed when she had been drawn under;
and again when a horse which he had been
riding had stepped into a gopher hole and
had broken a leg. He had been forced to
shoot the animal, for which he had formed
a sincere attachment; and it had seemed to
him that when he drew the pistol the horse
knew what impended—for its shrill neigh
had been almost human in its terrible ap-
peal.

  It was such a sound that now reached his
ears above the roar of the storm.

  Davies and Harris were in trouble.

  With a bound Lawler tore the door open
and stood, leaning against the terrific wind,
trying to peer out into the white smother
that shrieked around him. When he made
out the outlines of a horse not more than
half a dozen feet from the open doorway—
the animal so encrusted with snow that he
looked like a pallid ghost—and a shapeless
bundle on his back that was seemingly
ready to pitch into a huge drift that had
formed in front of the cabin—he leaped
outward, a groan of sympathy breaking
from him.

  In an instant he was inside again, carry-
ing the shapeless bundle, his lips stiff and
white as he peered close at it as he tenderly
laid it on the floor of the cabin.

  With swift movements he lighted the
lamp again, and then returning to the bun-
dle, leaned over it, pulling away a scarf
that covered its head and disclosing a white,
drawn face—the face of the woman he had
met, in Willets, at the foot of the stairs
leading to Gary Warden’s office! ■

  Lawler wheeled swiftly, leaping to first
one and then to the other of the bunks
where the fence-cutters lay, tearing the
ropes from them.

  The tall man tumbled out first, urged by
THE TRAIL HORDE.

261

what he had seen and by the low, tense
voice of his captor. He seized a tin-pan
and dove out of the open doorway, return-
ing instantly, the pan heaped high with
snow. The other man, following the first
quickly, dove through the snow-drifts to
the dugout, where he fumbled in the slicker
on Lawler’s saddle until he found a flask.

  By the time the little man returned- the
woman was in one of the lower bunks, A
pair of bare feet, small and shapely, were
sticking out over the edge of the bunk, and
the tall fence-cutter was vigorously rubbing
snow over them. A pair of small, high-top
riding boots of soft, pliable leather, was
lying beside the bunk near some pitiably
thin stockings.

  At the other end of the bunk Lawler was
bathing, with ineffable tenderness and care,
a face that had been swathed in the scarf
he had previously removed. The long,
glistening black hair had been brushed back
from its owner’s forehead by Lawler; and
a corner of a blanket had been modestly
folded over a patch of white breast, ex-
posed when Lawler had ruthlessly torn
away the flimsy, fluffy waist

  “ It was the scarf that saved her face,”
said Lawler, after he had worked over the
unconscious form for a quarter of an hour.
The face was flushed, now—which was a
good sign; and the feet and ankles were
beginning to show signs of restored circula-
tion also—though more reluctantly.

  “ How she ever got through it I’m not
pretending to say,” declared Lawler grimly.
“ But she did it, and the frost didn’t get
her, much. She’ll be fresh as a daisy in a
couple erf hours.”

  The tall man — Link-—had ceased Ms
labors with the woman, and was standing
near Lawler. He grinned at Lawler’s words.

  His face was flushed, his eyes were glow-
ing with passion as he watched the inert
form on the bunk.

  “ She’s a peach,” he said thickly. Law-
ler was not looking at him; he was giving
all his attention to the woman.

  “ Della Wharton,” continued Link. “I’ve
seen her at the Two Diamond — runnin'
around with Warden. Warden’s took a
shine to her. Don’t blame him.”

did not hear, for Lawler was paying no at-
tention to him.

  Lawler held the flask to the woman's
half-open mouth, aad smiled when several
drops of the strong spirits trickled over her
tongue. Then he walked to the wood-pile
and replenished the fire. Returning, he
saw Link standing close to the bunk, smil-
ing bestially at the upturned face. When
Lawler caught sight of him he was finger-
ing the disordered hair, Effing It and letting
it filter through his fingers.

  Without a word, Lawler leaped and
struck with bitter malignance. Not a sound
escaped Link as he fell. Lawler lifted him
bodily, threw him upon the pile of wood in
the comer, whore he lay huddled up, un-
conscious.

  Wheeling swiftly, his eyes ablaze with the
terrible passion that had seized him, Law-
ler faced the bunk. The woman’s head
was moving slowly from side to side, as
though she were making an effort to Eft It;
her eyelid* were fluttering, and her hands
were straying over the bed clothing, the
fingers closing and unclosing,

  Lawler made a horrible grimace at
Givens.

  “ Get out of here, damn you! ” he said.
“ Go out and take care of her horse—any-
thing! If you are in here when she wakes
up, I’ll kill you! And take that other skunk
out of here, too—take him to the dugout,
and don’t come back here for an hour!”

  He watched impatiently while Givens
seized his companion and dragged him out-
side. Then Lawler fastened the door, and
standing near it, watched ‘the woman.

  Her eyes were open. He could see them,
even though he stood sEghtly behind her.
She moved her head, lifted it, and gazed
around the roan, seemingly bewildered at
what die saw. Then she twisted her body
around;, saw her bare feet, and quickly
drew an end of the bunk blanket over them.

  And then she saw Lawler. Her eyes
opened wide, filling with satisfaction, and
she sat up, holding one hand to her throat,
tight against the flesh, covering it with the
other.

  “ Oh! ” she said thinly. “ I—I got here,
didn’t I? But I didn’t expect to find you
here! ”

 He muttered something else that Lawler

(To be continued NEXT WEEK.)
COMPLETE IN THIS ISSUE.

I.

THE sharp trill of the telephone startled
Howard Selfridge out of his vacuous
lethargy. For long minutes he had
gazed emptily, rather Wearily, into nothing-
ness. At intervals his face was screwed up
with pain and he pressed his two hands
against his head to still the hammering in
his temples. Soft white hands they were,
and they trembled dissipatedly. The bell
broke in on one of these periods of groan-
ing torpor, and Selfridge’s eyes opened
again and he looked round at each of the
luxurious furnishings of his room in turn
with an expression of peevish bitterness on
his face.

  It might have been a fine face under
other circumstances. The eyes were wide
apart and intelligent—in spite of their pres-
ent bleariness. The nose was finely chis-
eled. The lips were full and firm; and the
whole showed the possibility of an imagina-
tion which might have accomplished things.
But it was a soft face and bloodless, and
the lines which seamed it were lines of dis-
sipation and disillusionment and of weary
cynicism.

  Again the bell reminded him. He grum-
bled discontent, and without rising from his
deep chair he reached out a shaky hand
to a decanter on the table beside him to
pour himself a bracer for the necessary

energy to answer it. He turned the de-
canter upside down over a tumbler, and for
long seconds he watched the last amber
drops trickle from the thin neck with a
twisted smile of satirical introspection.

  Then suddenly he gripped the bottle in
a spasm of passion as a convulsion of rage
flushed his pale face. He leaped to his
feet and crashed the costly glass into the
empty fireplace.

  “Damn Dickie anyhow!” he swore vi-
ciously. “ I knew he was a fool! Sure tip,
hell! Any stock that he boosted was bound
to slump! Curse it, I’d never have in-
vested, only Margie giggled and said I was
no sport; and I was pickled to the gills.”
Once again the bell jarred imperiously
on his jangled nerves. This time he stag-
gered painfully to the instrument and lis-
tened at the receiver. An appreciable time
elapsed before he seemed to understand the
message. The operator had to repeat. Then
he groaned.

  “ Oh, thunder! Tell her I’m not in.”
There followed an awkward pause. Then
he distinguished the cautious buzzing of the
wire—or was it his head:

  “ Standin’ right heah, suh; she done
heard me talkin’ to you, suh.”

  Selfridge hung over the instrument help-
lessly. All he could think of was:

  “ Oh, Lord! Tell her that—oh, hell!”

  ' Then the voice again:

 25*

(>if Gordon Mac Crea^K
THE HIGH FLIER.

263

  “ She cornin’ right up, suh.”

  Selfridge was standing by the mantle-
shelf when the girl burst into the room with
eager impulsiveness. Then she stopped
rigid in her gesture of greeting, his half-
formed name frozen on her lips.

  She had never seen him this way before.
She had heard of his prodigal gaieties, and
she had seen him “ sick,” but not like this.
Her eyes opened slowly wide and the level
brows above them corrugated in an expres-
sion of incredulous surprise and sorrow
rather than reproach. Fine eyes they were,
wide-set and thoughtful, with a wistfulness
in them which came of much grieving and
wondering—and waiting; silent, suppressed
emotions which inevitably mold softness;
yet the lips, when they closed with a tremu-
lous intake of the breath, were firmly curved
and the rounded chin was full of decision.

  She wore “ something in a russet-brown,”
which matched her hair. Selfridge never
knew what these things were made of, or
how; he was conscious only that it looked
well and quiet and wonderfully appropriate.

  It was abundantly clear that this girl was
not, never could be by the most distorted
fancy mixed up with the Margie who had
giggled when he was pickled to the gills.
Selfridge stood leaning weakly against the
mantle, looking at her in dull silence in
which humiliation was evenly balanced with
irritation. The girl was the first to find
her voice. Instead of bursting into re-
proachful reference to his appearance she
faltered, stammered, and managed to ar-
ticulate :

  “ Howard, I—I heard that you had—had
been unfortunate again; so I—well, I
came.”

  Self ridge’s reply was irrelevant.

  “You shouldn’t have come, Grace—not
here.”

  Instantly the rounded chin was ready for
battle.

  “ Why not?” she demanded defensively,
knowing full well the answer in advance.

  Selfridge subsided wearily into a chair
and told her the conventional law in a dis-
passion&e voice.

  “ If anybody were to see you it might he
unpleasant—for you.”

  The girl was wilfully defiant.

  “ I don’t care. I—I heard that you had
■—that you were cleaned out; and I knew
that you needed m—” She was about to
say, me, but she bit her lip on her impulsive-
ness and altered the sentence lamely to,

“ you needed somebody to help.”

  Selfridge winced, but said nothing. He
sat hunched in the chair staring dully
ahead. The girl came swiftly into the room
and stood by his side, her feeling of awk-
wardness in the situation* evinced by the .
helpless littfe movement of her fingers play-
ing with her dress. It was difficult to know
just what to say. So, “poor Howard!”
she murmured.

  There was the sheer woman, of it. All
his present plight, all his past criminal fool-
ishness, all his neglect, were glossed over.
The only emotion she was aware of was
sympathy.

  “ Poor Howard! What do you propose
to do now?”

  Howard proposed nothing. He had been
in no condition to think of anything. He
just shrugged at the outlook therefore. The
girl offered a hopeless suggestion.

  “ Couldn’t you go back to your Uncle
Stanley—just for a while, till you could get
something to do?”

  At last Selfridge spoke; he laughed,
rather; a laugh of the ultimate ridicule.

  “ Pshaw! Uncle Stanley! You know
what my uncle thinks of me, Grace; and
you can just imagine what he’d say if I
went to him looking for room and board ”

■—his face turned stubborn—“ not in a mil-
lion years, I wouldn’t! Darn him, he’d read
the Bible at me.”

  The girl nodded. She had listened to
that stout Methodist’s views on his scape-
grace nephew on more than one occasion
when she had dropped in, while Howard
was still at home, and found the old man
alone—always alone.

  “ Well then, what about your friends?”
she suggested.

  Howard’s sudden cackle was satanic. v
“ Ha-aa-a! That bunch? You know
those boys—you don’t, though, and that’s
your good luck. I could borrow just about
ten dollars from one of them; and then
they’d stake me to dinners—as long as my
clothes lasted.”
264

THE ARGOSY.

  “ Well, what are you going to do then,
Howard?” She was insistent, and he felt
that she was driving him into some definite
blind alley; but he was too utterly soul-
weary and heavy-headed to conjecture
about it.

  “ Oh, good Lord, Grace, how should I
knew what I’m going to do? I’ll get some
one to sell all this stuff for me, I suppose—
my private cellarette ought to letch some-
thing these days; and then—well, I sup-
pose I’ll get a job of some sort.”

  “ What kind of a job, Howard? What
can you do?” She fenced him yet closer.

  Selfridge had a very clear-cut picture of
just what he could do. It was an easy
picture to visualize. The keen imagination
■betokened in his forehead and eyes showed
him a long vista of grim grayness stretching
ahead of him; drab days during which the
crease in his coats and pants gradually dis-
solved into dissolute bagginess, and pro-
gressed thence to hard-worn shininess, and
finally disintegrated to the ultimate frayed
thread; hideous days to contemplate; and
colorless nights of unbroken monotony in
which the only laughter would be that of
people who passed in automobiles, and the
only lights would be the white arcs gleam-
ing coldly on park benches. His laugh
was the fulfilment of the twisted, bitter-
tasting smile.

  “ What can I do? Might have got a
sweet job mixing drinks—a little while ago.
But now—oh! I’ve never thought about it,
but I suppose I can do something.”

  The girl pressed her concerted plan yet
further.

  “ What is something, Howard? You
know you have no training.”

  Howard was silent. He knew his limita-
tions better than she did. He shuddered
suddenly and put his hands over his face.
That was to shut out the grim prospect
which his malicious imagination conjured
up. He was afraid of it. The competing
with other men for work, the battle for
existence, appalled him He had never had
to develop self-reliance. The only asser-
tion he had ever known had been his readi-
ness to order—and pay the bill.

  That keen imagination of his showed him
in hideous pictures how he would shrink in

the competition with men in an open field.
The only competition he had met hitherto
had been a riotous rivalry with vacuous
young men to be known as the wildest, high-
est flier of them all. In that sort of com-
petition he had succeeded gloriously. He
had flown high—and he had crashed. And
now he was afraid, deadly afraid. He sat
therefore with his hands before his eyes,
and there was no smile on his face.

  The girl swayed over him, yearning to do
something, she did not know what; but
just hungering to comfort and help. It was
the instinctive mother yearning over the
weakness which is the weakness of a child,
a phenomenon which leaves strong men in
amaze and indignant fury. Her fingers
touched his hair ever so lightly.

  “Poor Howard!” she murmured again;
and then—she had driven him now against
the final wall—diffidently, yet with set de-
termination, she made her final point.
“ Howard, you know that I have a little—
seme negotiable securities; so I ”•—the rest
came with a rush—“ won’t you take them to
carry yourself with till you can make some
connections?”

  The startling suddenness of this offer
from this direction struck Howard with gal-
vanic effect. He lurched, almost reeled,
from under the girl’s protective influence.

  “ Good Heavens, Grace, don’t talk that
way!” he muttered almost fearfully. “ Of
course I couldn’t. It’s-—it’s awfully decent
of you, of course; but—good Lord, I
haven’t got there yet! ”

  He strode several times up and down the
room plucking nervously at his fingers
locked behind his back. Then:

  “ Grace, you ought to be going now. If
some one were to come, you know—really,
you mustn’t stay.”

  The girl made another effort to reason
with him; or rather to urge the age-old
argument of, why not? But he almost ran
from her with a hunted expression in his
eyes. She saw that she would have to re-
linquish her plan, for the present, at any
rate. She sighed, then; but she was only
postponing matters till a more auspicious
occasion, when his need might be more im-
minent and his nerves less shaken. He
must communicate with her, of course, as
THE HIGH FLIER.

265

soon as he had made any other arrange-
ments for a less exorbitant scale of living.
With feminine practical economy she urged
that he lose no time.

  “ Of course,” he said; and, “ sure he
would.” And he piloted her to the door.
Once more she gave him implicit directions
of just how he should proceed; once more
her eyes softened with yearning; and then
she went, looking back and waving bravely
as the elevator shot down.

  Selfridge sat down weakly and dabbed
with a handkerchief at his brow.

  “ Phe-ew!” he murmured. “ Gee whizz,
that was a bad one! Nearly a knockout,
by golly! When they begin to assume that
air of proprietorship it’s time to slide from
under.”

   He remained supine for a long time, his
hands in his pockets and his long legs trail-
ing out in front. His expression was
thoughtfully serious, half frightened still;
an expression of long and sober review of
the past and of shuddering forecast of the
future. Finally he gathered his legs stiffly
under him, rose painfully to his feet and
dabbed a shaky key at the lock of a ma-
hogany sideboard.

  “Gosh!” he murmured. And “Gee,
whizz!” again, as he poured a stiff bracer
for himself. “ Grace is a bully fellow and
an awfully good girl and all that; but—
thunder—who wants to be tied to a good
girl for life!”

  One of the inexplicable enigmas of ex-
istence is why a good girl should so often
want to be tied to a worthless man for life.

II.

  Exactly twenty-eight days had passed,
and Selfridge’s keen imagination had proved
itself to be a prophet of horrid accuracy.
Gray days they had been from the first;
for Selfridge had moved out of his luxuri-
ous home at once; not so much from a
sense of economy as from a sense of pride.
He was afraid that some of his friends
might look in while the memory of joyous
nights was yet new, and he shrank from
the attendant humiliation. He was quite
sure, too, that the girl would come again,
and he was afraid of her—and of himself.

If his prophetic imagination had erred

at all it was in defining just how black
a gray day might be when it had been
preceded by seven others, or by fourteen,
or by twenty-one. Selfridge had never be-
fore thought of days in periods of sevens;
but three times already a drab woman, as
gray and monotonous as the days she count-
ed with such dull avarice, had appeared
before him and demanded money for his
privilege of occupying a thin coffin of a
room at the head of a cfmgy flight of stairs
which were as dark by day as they were
by night. To-day Selfridge knew that she
would appear again and demand more
money for a further lease of the malignant
number seven—and he had been afraid to
meet even her this morning. He had got
up early, therefore, earlier even than the
woman, whose practise it was to emulate the
early bird; and he stood now in a line
with other men who wore overalls and car-
ried tin pails, or, some of them, packages,
under their arms, greasy packages sugges-
tive of food.

  It conveyed the impression that these
men hoped to go to work the same day. It
was a comforting impression that did much
to counterbalance the repugnance with
which he had forced himself to consider
this new type of advertisement. Hitherto
he had haunted offices which advertised:
“ See Mr. Smith after 9 a.m.” This other
which said tersely: “ Bring your tools,” was
a grievous come-down. But Selfridge had
acquired a new and very definite concep-
tion of the potence of the mystic number
seven.

   In due time Selfridge, having filled out—
or rather, made empty dashes in—an appli-
cation form in an outer office, found himself
standing before a wiry little man who sat
at a desk and scribbled his name on slips
of paper which bore printed captions such
as Sub-Assembly, Dope, Wiring. He looked
Selfridge over with quick ferrety eyes.
Twenty-eight days ago he would have said:

“ Nothing doing, brother; you’re in the
wrong shop.” But to-day Selfridge looked
quite a lot different from the wreck of three
weeks ago. His face, for one thing, was a
lot browner—even the sparse sunlight of
city streets will have some effect if one ven-
tures into them by day ; and his hand was
266

THE ARGOSY.

steadier; and to-day, oddly enough, under
the spell of the impending seven, his atti-
tude was not quite so diffidently apologetic.

  The man grunted, there, and snapped:
f‘ Ever done anything in aircraft before?”
It was quite evident that he had never
looked at the application-blank; what he
looked at was men.

  “ No,” said Selfridge without following
up with his usual, “ but, et cetera, et
cetera.” Two days ago he would have pro-
duced his well-worn diploma—and would
have immediately killed his chance. Em-
ployers have a nasty habit of insisting that
“ there’s a reason ” for broken-down college
men. The alert little man surprised him.

  “ Good! Most of ’em claim that -they’re
expert mechanics at least, with an army
training—and I fire ’em. In this shop we
work. What can you do?”

  “ Anyth—” Selfridge began; and then he
caught the look that , was starting into the
other’s eyes, and altered his reply to: “I
have no experience in manufacture.”

  The man looked at him sharply and
grunted: “ Huh, I don’t like that high-brow
accent of yours for two cents; but the Na-
tional will give anybody a chance. Could
you ”—he looked at Selfridge and grinned
shrewdly—“ do you know how to use
dope?”

  “ No,” said Selfridge quite innocently.
The man grinned again. “ H-m, I guess
you’re telling the truth. If dope had been
your trouble you’d have fallen for that.
All right.” He scribbled on a slip: “ Re-
port to Scudder, dope section. He’ll show
you how to use it. Twenty a week.”

  That was all. There was no inquiry as
to whether the figure would suit. The
quick-eyed psychologist at the desk sized
up his applicants as he spoke to them,-and
he always knew to an exact nicety just how
badly they needed employment.

  Selfridge took his slip to Scudder feeling
an elation which he had not known since
his misfortune. As a matter of fact, he
had never felt such a real satisfaction in
his life before; he had never known the
need of success.

  Scudder looked him over with scant ap-
proval. He took the slip which consigned
Selfridge to his care and growled:

  “ H-m, another of Mitchell’s experi-
ments, I suppose.” And he set Selfridge to
painting wings. This was not a compli-
ment; for it meant that Selfridge, in his
opinion, did not have sense enough to apply
dope to fabric.

  Selfridge, then, at last had what he had
never hoped to have in his life—a job.

  For torturing ages thereafter it seemed
to him-that he toiled with a breaking back
and raw hands directing a fine spray of
liquid color through an air pressure “ paint
gun ” against acres and miles of wing sur-
faces. Yet he dared not stop or slack down;
for he saw men, older than himself mostly,
and even more anaemic, shirking now and
then; and presently they did not come any
more. The thought of not coming any
more to this loathed occupation filled Sel-
fridge with cold horror; for the insistent wo-
man and the alternative fear of the outer
dark, were very present menaces.

  He toiled with feverish steadiness, then,
and his life was a hazy mist tof gray paint
and acres of gray wings and ages of gray
days; though as a matter of fact he saw
the grim woman who reckoned days by
sevens but twice during that time. And
presently his back ached less and he began
to feel the airbrush nozzle as something
other than a piece of red-hot metal; and he
found himself doing almost as well as some
of the girls who worked by his side in
overalls. And just about then he was sud-
denly transferred to the dope-room!

  Selfridge did not recognize the compli-
ment. He worked in the forced draft of
the dope-room for nearly half a day; and
then he went out and deathly sick—and
then he quit. Two weeks ago he would
have toiled on in terror and would have
died; but two weeks of “ experience ” at a
definite profession gave him a wonderful
confidence. He went to Scudder and told
him flatly that the fumes of that acetate
were too much for him, and that was
straight goods.

  Scudder looked at him searchingly for a
minute. Then he said: “ All right. Knock
off and call it a day. I’ll see Mitchell about
shifting you.”

  This in itself was amazing. As a shrill-
voiced girl remarked pithily to another be-
THE HIGH FLIER.

267

tween rapid mastications of gum, “ Holy
jiminy! T I’d have fallen down on me
job thataway I’d ’a’ bin fired that quick.”
But to Mitchell, Scudder said: “ I don’t
quite make that guy. He ain’t got a hell
of a lot of steam to him; but then he don’t
waste no extra time fooling around with the
Janes.”

  Which was true. For one thing, Sel-
fridge had not dared to steal time for sur-
reptitious horse-play with the by no means
frail sharers of his labor; and for another-—•
well, he had acquired during his years of
affluence a certain very definitely developed
taste; and these girls were neither in speech
nor in manner nor in looks anything like
Margie. Nor were they by any means any-
thing at all like Grace. He thought, in
passing comparison, of Grace, and he
thought of his promise to write and com-
municate his whereabouts; but that
thought, too, was no more than passing,
and hastily dismissed as quite obviously
not to be considered.

   Mitchell smiled thinly at Scudder and
agreed: “ I don’t quite make him myself;
but he looked like' a man who wanted a
job bad enough to stick. You say he’s not
as thick as some? Well, I’ll put him in sub-
assembly on fabric.”

   Selfridge, then, instead of being fired,
was promoted. He went to a department
v/here the thin skeletons of wings came in
all their nakedness and he learned to
stretch fine linen over them. Acres of linen
he stretched and tacked down with infinite
care; and he shuddered as he regarded the
frail structures which he covered. His im-
agination freed—or perhaps rather jaded—
from visualizing for him scenes of his own
unpleasant prospects, turned with a mys-
terious fascination to picturing gruesome
collapses of these spidery compositions of
wood and cloth and paint in every conceiv-
able sort of circumstance. In their naked-
ness he could see—his mechanical training
helped him—just where the weaknesses lay,
and he pictured them suddenly doubling
up thousands of feet in the air and whirling
down to spectacular destruction. His im-
agination dwelt with morbid fascination on
the emotions of the occupants during the
appreciable interval of hopeless certitude.

   But it was a cheerfully impersonal sort of
picture show this time. It was no affair of
his. He would never have to trust his
life to his own skill and care and to the
care of his fellows. The very thought oc-
casioned a derisive and at the same time a
fearsome smile.

  Yet he worked, carefully and fast. Not
that he liked the thought of work any more
—or rather, hated it less; but because his
imagination still found tiftie every now and
then to remind him of a cold park bench;
and, though his promotion meant more pay,
he never saved anything; it meant only
that he ate that much the more suitably
to his taste. But he did not drink. For
one thing, drink was difficult and not very
satisfying; and for another, he did not dare.
If he were to revert to his old condition of
uselessness he would be fired; and the con-
sequent picture was unthinkable.

  This is no story of a man who has seen
the error of his ways and has resolutely
set himself to conquer the demon rum and
thereafter to raise himself by sheer grit and
determination—spurred by the inspiration
of the pure working-girl who believes in
him—to affluence and respectability. Sel-
fridge frankly did not see the error of his
ways. He worked solely because work
meant better food and a room less soul-
destroying.

   As for the demon rum, it had never been
for him more than a pleasant accessory to
pleasant company. He felt no urge to drink
in company with his fellow workers, anv
more than to talk to them. The honest—
and sometimes pure—working-girl who held
down her end of the fabric with a lump of
chewing-gum while she skilfully tacked
down the edge, afforded him no inspiration
whatever. Not one of the nobler emotions
fired him. He worked because he had com-
mon sense and he could visualize the inevi-
table result of two and two—or of two
minus two; and—since man is a creature
of habit—because work came not nearly so
difficult now.

  Since he had sense, however, which so
many of his fellow slaves had not, he forged
ahead. That was the plain result of two
and two. In the fabric department he hap-
pened to detect an internal brace wire which
268

THE ARGOSY.

was too loose. That meant that he had
observation as well as sense. He was gradu-
ated to the wire section.

  Wire work meant more pay—and as a
natural sequence, more of the luxuries of
life. Selfridge smiled to himself, that thin
cynical smile. He was able to see humor
in the thing. That a man, entirely un-
worthy, as he confessed himself to be, who
had no interest in his work, and who worked
solely that he might not starve, should be
pushed ahead through sheer force of cir-
cumstance, was a most pleasing satire on
life.

  And then, as he chuckled over the thing,
the beginnings of a great truth began to
take shape in his mind. This tremendous
fact was that a man of educated intelligence,
having once acquired the necessary tech-
nique of any manual craft, is -bound to rise
by reason of his quicker thinking aparatus.

  Let some of our forlorn college graduates,
whose finest prospect is a “ position in busi-
ness,” .apply this axiom to, let us say, the
plumbing trade, and watch themselves be-
come leaders of men.

  Selfridge realized another and more
patent truth; and that was that since the
direct result of work was more pay and
therefore food more suited to his taste and
even cigarsr—not so well suited, real ap-
plication might lead once more to the flesh-
pots of Egypt. That was the beginning of
ambition.

  One of the first things that Selfridge
did was to move away from the nightmare
of the seventh day advent. So imminently
respectable was his new domicil that he
thought for a moment of redeeming his
promise to communicate his whereabouts
to Grace. Grace used to be awfully good
companionship; and human companionship
was what he could not find among his
fellow workers. But he thought immediate-
ly of his last meeting with Grace and he
put the impulse from him with a shiver.

  Less than a month in the wire department
found Selfridge an expert in making loops
in hard wires and soldering eyes into non-
flexible cables and splicing flexible controls
and taking gages and even in applying the
Tinius-Olsen test. He was put into “ field.”

  Not long after, on the field, he was re-

newing a flying wire on a plane and listen-
ing to two mechanicians swear because the
engine would not start. They had tried all
the -orthodox tests. They had tested spark-
plugs for “ juice,” sweatingly turning the
propeller the while. They had poked screw-
drivers into the distributor terminals; they
had opened up the breaker-box and ex-
amined minutely the platinum connection
points; and they had found no,fault. Yet
there was no current. Therefore they stood
and blasphemed to high heaven in their
wrath.

  Selfridge finished his job and gathered
up his tools. He was always diffident about
thrusting himself forward among those
rough-spoken men; but he made a sugges-
tion over his shoulder.

  “ How’s the betting for a cracked bush-
ing in your magneto, causing internal
ground?”

  “ Huh! ” snorted one of the mechanicians.
“ Whadda you know, lineman? S’pose you
show us.”

  Selfridge shrank from their antagonism.

  “ Not I,” he said. “ I wouldn’t know
the inside of one of those things if I saw
it; but theoretically that would be the next
step.”

  The mechanicians looked after him and
swore some more, including him in their
objurgations this time.

  Yet it mas a cracked bushing. Selfridge
was transferred to “ motor.” He had to
smile quizzically to himself again. But he
was beginning to realize that there was,
after all, some value to his college training.
And in motors his inherited aptitude at last
found an interest. Here was something in
which his father’s spirit was evident in
him. He took a real joy in toying with
oily things that revolved and noting how
exactly they fitted and understanding just
why they worked, and even theorizing in
a half-formed way how they might be im-
proved.

  In motors at last he had found something
in which he did not have to force himself
reluctantly to work. He did not by any
means plunge into an orgy of interested ac-
tivity; he did not even particularly apply
himself, no more than he had done at col-
lege; but since he knew the theory already
THE HIGH FLIER.

269

the application of it came easy. Intelli-
gent application of the two put him once
more into the field force.

  Only the best motor mechanics get to
field work. But Selfridge was not entirely
elated over his promotion. Field men are
sometimes called upon to go up. The idea
was unthinkable. Selfridge had never at
any time been called upon to develop per-
sonal courage; his life had been too shel-
tered. And now, like many factory men
who have seen the apparent frailty of in-
ternal construction and who have a knowl-
edge of aerodynamics to show them just
with what force and where the strains in-
cidental to flying are applied, the thought
of trusting his life to one of those things
was a chill of horror.

  That diabolical imagination of his treated
him all over again to a vivid picture show
of collapses from vast heights, and added
this time the grim “ close-up ” of himself
as one of the occupants. Selfridge deter-
mined to apply some real energy and work
out of the field force to motor-tester in the
shop. Yet in that very application his fate
overtook him.

  A military model Spad had been con-
verted to the more useful pursuit of mail-
carrying. The Liberty motor had been re-
placed with a powerful, and appallingly
noisy, Hispano-Suiza. The observer’s seat
in front had been ripped out and replaced
with an aluminum grille for holding mail-
bags. Flying wires and landing wires had
been sounded like banjo-strings to test their
tautness. Innumerable crown nuts and cot-
ter-pins and safety wires had been ex-
amined; and now the great machine stood
ready for its test.

  The flight-tester, Stevens, a youth of sub-
lime recklessness, as is befitting in one who
takes machines into the air to determine
A^’hether they are fit to fly, sat in the pilot’s
seat and jerked his controls sharply to try
out their tension. Selfridge hopped down
from the foot-board of the lower plane and
reported:

  “ All O. K. with the engine.”

  Stevens looked toward the field superin-
tendent, who nodded.

  “ All right!” the boy called. “ Spin the
stick over! She’s on!”

  An assistant of Selfridge’s took the great
propeller in both hands and jerked it down-
ward and to the left. It was a compliment
to the engine force that the ignition caught
on at once and the propeller roared its readi-
ness. The pilot immediately shut down on
the gas-control and let the motor “ idle ”
while he settled himself and tested his “ joy-
stick ” again. Once or twice for a few
seconds at a time he “ gave her the gun ”
and let the engine race while he watched
his instruments. Suddenly he threw up his
hand.

  “ Hey, the tachometer don’t register!”

  The tachometer is an instrument which
is connected with the cam-shaft of the en-
gine and registers the revolutions per minute
of the propeller. Selfridge jumped up,
abashed, to the dash-board and examined
the instrument. In a moment he found that
it had been rattled loose by the vibration of
the motor. Adjustment was easy.

  “ All right, I can fix this while she idles,”
he called; and his nimble fingers set to work
with quick skill. In a few moments he
muttered: “ That’s all right, I guess,” and
he climbed into the forward well; it seemed
to him that perhaps the leader-hose might
be stretched a little too taut. The pilot
tested out the new connection by gradually
opening out the throttle to its limit. Then
he choked down again and hung over the
edge of his seat.

  “ Seems all right now,” he shouted to the
field boss.

  “ Well, give her a jump,” that individual
shouted back. “ You’ve got just about a
decent balance with that man forward.”

  Selfridge, doubled up in the well, half
over and half under the grating, with the
motor drumming in his ears, heard nothin"
of all this. Stevens opened up wide again;
but Selfridge was blissfully content. Sud-
denly Stevens waved his hand. The men
who leaned against the wings in front let
go and dived under. The great machine
slowly gathered way and raced off across
the field.

  It was then that Selfridge knew! In a
frenzy of terror he extricated himself from
his position and sprang to his feet—and
was instantly hurled against the rear of
the well by the blast that roared past him.
270

THE ARGOSY.

His cap disappeared from his head like
a conjuring trick and he gagged for breath.
The machine was skimming the grass tops
now and must have been making about
sixty miles an hour. In another moment
the pilot drew gently back on the control-
stick and climbed into the sky at a steep
angle.

  Sheer choking for breath forced Selfridge
to duck his head under the well-coaming;
and then the wilting of his knees let him
down in a huddled heap. For several min-
utes he was too paralyzed to think.

  Blessed minutes of respite! For when his
reasoning faculties returned to him he was
beset with the most hideous picture dis-
play of his life. Each separate one of his
previously imagined accidents flashed be-
fore him in vivid detail; and with the climax
of each his breath ceased and his heart rose
to his choking throat with the immediate
expectancy of feeling the machine suddenly
lurch and wabble and then—his heart
ceased—plunged to the long, shrieking dive.

  But^ no lurch came yet, no sickening
plunge. His long reel of preimagined pic-
tures came to an end at last, and his par-
alyzed mind was quite incapable of making
up any new ones. In the ensuing blankness
he found himself vaguely conscious* of all
the conglomerate voices of his engine. There
was-a. despairing sort of pride in the-droning
hum which the trained ear picks up as»an
-undertone below the pervading racket; al-
mosUa sense of security in the strong, steady
rear of the exhaust.

  The motor was running beautifully, and
on the grouncLSelfridge would have thrilled
to its music. But here he cowered and
clutched with despairing strength at the
grating as though to hold the machine off
from thes expected crash by the sheer pull
of his arms.

  There is a definite limit to every human
emotion. Having arrived at the extremity
of terror, the mental reflexes presently tire
and are unable to hold their high pitch.
They subside with slow palpitations and
leave a dull numbness behind through
which other emotions am able to register
again. Selfridge began to be aware of
another such emotion. It was a queer ting-
ling of the nerves, a racing, shouting circu-

lation of the blood. It was the> exhilaration
of extreme speed. He. found for himself
what this unusual sensation might be—and
then the dive came!

  The machine nosed over. Selfridge
gasped and clutched at the rear rods of the
grille. Over it went till it was almost per-
pendicular, and then, with engine going full
blast, it roared down to earth. Selfridge
shrieked, shut his eyes, and choked on his
pent-up breath. Every nerve Jringed be-
fore the expectant crash. Then suddenly
the engine stopped dead, and a few mo-
ments later the landing-gear bumped gent-
ly. Another few seconds and it came to a
stop within a few feet of its take-off.

  “ Good landing, boy! ” a voice congratu-
lated.

  “ Yep, she’s a bird,” responded Stevens
easily, pushing his goggles from his face.

  Selfridge climbed down from the forward
well and vomited his soul out before the
group. Somebody supported him with an
arm around his shoulders. Somebody else
patted his back. The voice’ came again
with matter-of-fact confidence.

  “I’ve seen them that way before the
first*time. He’ll be all right in a minute.”

III.

  Of course he was all right; but it was
many minutes before- he could control the
trembling of his limbs. It was anger at the
rough chaffing of the others that gave' him
the impetus to climb up to the engine .and
fumble among its cylinders as though feel-
ing for possible overheating. The action
called for all the will power he had. It
surprised him, as a matter of fact, that he
was able to do it at all; for he had con-
ceived an almost physical fear of the brute
machine, as though it might suddenly turn
and.snap at him.

  During the rest of that week Selfridge
was undergoing a peculiar sort of transition.
Machines, of course, were tested every day;
and as field expert his was the responsibility
for the condition of the engine. It was with
an almost ludicrous alacrity that he stepped
clear of every possible entanglement before
he gave the word announcing his 0. K.
Then he would stand and watch the power h
ful mechanisms scud away and roar up into
THE HIGH FLIER.

271

the air with a strange feeling of mingled
nausea and interest.

  They seemed amazingly steady up there.
They dipped and turned with such perfect
grace that they carried an impression of
being calmly sure . of themselves. As he
watched he imagined himself seated again
behind a humming engine whose giant
power he knew to the last revolution; and
his imagination played tricks with him. It
projected pictures of himself sitting calmly
confident, toying with gas and ignition lev-
ers—he always contended that Stevens was
too rough with those little polished knobs
which needed a delicate touch—and he felt
a faint echo of that tingling and racing of
the blood. Then when Stevens would nose
the machine down for its long dive to earth
he would feel the same old sinking in the
stomach and would clutch spasmodically at
whatever tools he happened to have in his
hand. And yet, it never looked anything
like the fearsome fall he had experienced.

  He felt impelled to talk about the planes
and their habits to Stevens; and since his
was the last word on the engines on which
Stevens had to rely, the superman would
unbend a little of his aloofness. Selfridge
was amazed to find that he couldn’t tell
him much. The boy had a certain tech-
nical jargon of pancakes and whip-stalls
and flip-flops and wing slips; but as for
explaining just what Stress was set up by
a pancake, and where, why, he was scarcely
able to decide.

  He tried to bluff through on his flying
patter; but Selfridge, as a wire man and a
rigger, knew much more than he did. About
engines Stevens was discreetly silent. Till
one afternoon in a burst of ingenuous
frankness, cornered by the insatiable ques-
tions of Selfridge, he quoted the jealous
taunt of the ground force.

  “ Any fool can be a flier.”

  Selfridge had been supplementing his
questions with a little private exploration
in a book entitled, “ Theory of Flight and
Aerodynamics.” He grinned understand-
ingly at Stevens. Then he made an extraor-
dinary statement.

  “ I’d like to go up again—only I’m
scared.”

  Stevens laughed like a delighted school-

boy. He had found the one touch of na-
ture.

  “ So was I,” he admitted cheerfully,
“ Scared green. But I just had to. Some-
thing ”—he shifted his gaze diffidently—
“ something called me.”

  “ Yes,” said Selfridge. “ I know. Some-
thing up there.”

  And right on the heels of his tremulous
decision the fruit of his previous efforts be-
came apparent. He was promoted to motor
tester! Immediately he saw a splendid pa-
geant of the bright lights of his own Broad-
way stretching before him. For a motor
tester is a man who makes money. He is
a man who must know all the idiosyncracies
and moods of an airplane motor, which is
the most temperamental piece of mechan-
ism in the world. A cloudy day crabs
its disposition as surely as a sunny day
brightens it. A few thousand feet of alti-
tude above what it likes gives it a cough,
A humid day in summer will as likely as
not cause it to sulk and refuse to work.

  A motor tester, then, is a man who is
worthy of the money he makes; and he
makes quite enough to take a whirl now and
then among the bright lights.

  Selfridge patted himself and smiled wide-
ly. The flesh-pots of Egypt which had been
his goal were at last at hand. Yet he re-
fused the offer of promotion and said that
he preferred to remain chief field mechani-
cian for a while yet. He explained it to
himself:

  “ I guess I can hang that up for a little
while. I’ve waited so long, a little longer
won’t hurt. I’ll get this flying thing
through first, and then—oh, boy!”

  Yet in making that decision Selfridge,
though he did not know it, was admitting
that something had come into his life which
was more important than the flesh-pots.
Nor did he know that his method of ex-
pressing his decision was decidedly different
to what it would have been some months
ago. Yet less did he know that his own
Broadway would have looked at him with
a hazy sort of recollection as though trying
to recall a, vaguely familiar face.

  For the face was a healthy brown—with
a smear of grease across one cheek just now
—and the lines that seamed it were lines of
272

THE ARGOSY.

thought and of worried guessing at the next
mood of an engine, and wrinkles of long
staring at a circling dot against the sun.
And the hands, those white, blue-veined
hands of old, were brown paws, criss-
crossed with small cuts and scars, and
steady enough to time the tappet clearance
of a valve to the prescribed decimal .020 of
an inch.

  So Selfridge remained on the field force,
and Stevens took him joy-riding. It was a
fearful sort of joy at first; yet in spite of
his tremors and the leaping of his bowels
into his throat with each dip of the ma-
chine, the novice experienced . again that
racing of the blood which caused him to
whoop aloud as they swung round in a
spiral on a bank which brought Selfridge
looking in astonishment over his shoulder
at the ground beneath.

  Sitting strapped into a regular seat
crouched behind the cellulojd wind-shield
and feeling the air whizzing in solid par-
ticles past one’s ear was a very different
sensation from being banged about on the
bottom of an aluminum mail grille.

  Stevens was merciful. He brought the
machine down to earth again on a long
easy glide. Selfridge was spared the sink-
ing sensation of a steep dive.

  “ Well, how come?” grinned Stevens as
he pushed home the gas control and cut off
the spark, and the engine came to an abrupt
stop with a queer blip blip.

  Selfridge was removing his helmet. He
was breathing hard. He didn’t know just
how to reply. Then he said irrelevantly:

  “ How high were we?”

  “ Oh, about three thousand feet,” said
Stevens.

  Selfridge was suddenly disappointed.

  “ Was that all? Gosh, I thought we were
miles up.” Then, grinning: “ We didn’t
reach it. It’s still up there, way up.”

  Stevens looked at him quizzically for a
moment; then he understood and grinned
too. “ Oh, the thing that calls? Yes, I’ve
never reached it either; I used to feel that
way too.” Suddenly an idea struck him.
“ Say,,” he exclaimed. “ If it getg you that
way, maybe—well, you hold the stick next
time in your front seat and see how it
feels.”

  Stevens’s inspiration was correct. In six
months Selfridge was for the second time
in his life something which he would never
have believed—a flier; and what was more,
knowing how to nurse his engine as he did,
he was a good flier. Extraordinary devel-
opment for Selfridge of the gay boulevard!

  The company made him a flight tester;
and gave him more money even than a mo-
tor tester; enough to make quite frequent
whirls through the region of the bright
lights. Selfridge determined to make his
long postponed debut—some time. The
thought gave him keen satisfaction; yet he
said to himself that there was just some-
thing else which he wanted to attain to first.
He didn’t know exactly what, but he was
not satisfied. That urge to go up and up
was not stilled as it had been in the case of
Stevens. Selfridge’s ambition always had
been to be a high flier. As in the old days,
so now it seemed to be his sole ambition.

  His imagination was working overtime j
these days. Fed by the need of analyzing1
the tantrums of motors, nurtured by his
vivid emotions in learning the mastery of
the air, it spread its wings and soared. It
reeled long rosy pictures—they were all
prisma process now—of himself circling i
high above fleecy clouds in an ultramarine
sky and chasing eagles. It showed him
leaving the eagles behind and swinging up
to a limitless blue. It dressed upon old
memories of fairy tales and thrilled him
with—well, he could shut his eyes and be
almost sure that he saw the pearly gates.
And on one especially inspired occasion—
that was after he had attended a banquet
in honor of certain foreign aviators and had
worn evening dress—he flew right through
them and was lost in billowing waves of
aurora colors.

  Fie felt that he must go up and see for
himself. That Something up there impelled
him irresistibly. He adjusted an engine for
altitude and went. There were no eagles;
but he soared through the stillnesses of
upper space, drunk with the exhilaration of
height and speed. Only when his gasoline
gage showed a scant inch in the tank did
he shut down on his engine and swing down
in long spirals.

  He stepped out of the machine in silence.
THE HIGH FLIER.

273

He was exalted, thrilled Vague theoriz-
ings about human souls and sublime heights
flitted through his mind. Then, as the ex-
hilaration wore off he slowly woke up. He
shook himself angrily, and muttered; some-
thing about copy-book platitudes.

  But there remained a disappointment.
The Something that called was still there.
He felt that if only he might rise high
enough he might attain it and be satisfied.
He found himself wishing that Grace might
be conveniently getatable. She was always
so ready to understand and explain things
which he did not understand. Flowever,
Grace was—wherever she was,. Selfridge
analyzed his emotions for himself in an in-
expert manner and decided that the urge
was ambition calling him to make a record.
Whatever it was it was quite necessary to
go and find out.

  Selfridge sought out Mitchell and sound-
ed him about the possibility of getting the
company to develop an altitude engine.
Mitchell smiled shrewdly through half-
closed eyes. He was thinking of the wreck
of a year ago.

  “ We-ell,” he said judicially. “ A record
is always top hole advertising. If you think
you can do the stunt—and I wouldn’t be
surprised if your trick with* engines wouldn’t
make it—why hop to it. But you’ve got to
go some to beat thirty-two thousand feet,”

  “ I know,” admitted Selfridge. “ But
give me the right engine and I’ll make it
or bust.”

  “ Hm-mm,” said Mitchell dryly. “ Ma-
chines cost around the ten thousand mark;,
aviators cost—seventy-five a week. But
I’ll tell you what we’ll do with you. Go
up and show us that you’ve got the stuff,
and we’ll build you a. special machine. And
if you make ^hirty-five the advertising is
ours and you can keep the ten thousand
dollar prize,”

  Selfridge spent a month studying the
effect of altitude on gas engines and experi-
menting with oxygen supply systems. Then
he chose a favorable day and went out to
show the company that he had the makings
of an altitude champion. That was easy.
The company put the promised special ma-
chine in hand; but Selfridge insisted that
success would lie in the engine.

    8	Argosy

  He- was not satisfied with any of the
oxygen supply systems. For that matter
he was not satisfied with anything these
days. He was obsessed: with a vague un~
rest. He wanted something; but he didn’t
know what it was he wanted. He felt that
the call to climb to the greater heights was
the basis of his unrest; and then the
thought of heights set him angrily to think-
ing what sort of a craziness this was that
overtook him at high altitudes. His re-
searches into the reactions of gas engines
had not included anything about the psy-
chological reactions of extreme exhilaration,
or about the purely pathological reactions
on some temperaments of oxygen from a
breather mask.

  So he fretted and worried and felt the
longing for whatever it was that haunted
him; and in the interim he developed an
idea of his own for supplying the necessary
oxygen for normal ignition at high altitudes
by a pressure pump. If it worked, it would
involve a patent and comparative affluence.
And affluence meant lights, laughter, life!

  But Selfridge had almost decided by this
time that he was not nearly so? anxious for
life as he used to think he was. There was
that something else.

  Meanwhile the new machine was nearly
completed; a masterpiece of clever desrgrt
and perfect material. The designer told
him that the- company relied on his skill
and that he had therefore cut, down the
factor of safety from the standard five to
three, sacrificing the rest to lightness. Sel-
fridge didn’t worry. All he wanted was to.
make the big climb.

  At last the day of the great attempt
arrived.. Weather conditions were perfect.
But Selfridge climbed into his seat without
much enthusiasm. He felt an intuition of
disappointment. However he showed a
cheerful face as he circled once over the
heads of the group on the field and. waved
his arm at them. Then he set his controls
and roared away on a steady climb.

  Up he soared, and up. The engine-
tuned up with his own- hand—hummed in
perfect rhythm and the beautiful machine
leaped to every turn of the control surfaces.

  Ten thousand feet! Everything ran with
the smoothness of a jeweled watch. Twenty
274

THE ARGOSY.

thousand! Selfridge knew that far below,
in another world, tiny specks were straining
their eyes to follow him with telescopes.
His old sense of exhilaration began to come
over him. His imagination took possession
again and projected rosy pictures of success.
Another five thousand!

  Selfridge sat with tense muscles, his face
thrust forward, a beatific smile on his open
lips beneath the hideous oxygen mask. He
was wrapped in wool and leather, swathed
to a shapeless bulk, yet he felt as free and
unhampered as the thin air that hurtled
past him! He was drunk with the exhilara-
tion of it, as surely intoxicated, so far as
his control over his reasoning faculties went,
as he had ever been with sparkling cham-
pagne.

  His eyes ceased to watch his instruments
and gazed wide open into blue space. He
flew by feel alone, with the unconscious
effort of the born bird-man. He forgot
that he ever had a recording barograph.
He knew only subconsciously that his con-
trols were set to climb at a certain angle,
and he sat tense in just that position.

  Yet another five thousand feet! But
Selfridge did not know it. Engine and at-
mospheric condition and machine coordin-
ated perfectly. There was no need of con-
scious effort. Selfridge was permeated with
a supreme confidence, a pure emotion which
exalted him out of himself. He knew. That
was all. He never questioned. He just
knew that he wrould find the elusive Some-
thing which his soul hungered for.

  And then, quite naturally and beautiss
fully, he did! He saw it, floating diaphan-
ously before him. A face!

  First the eyes were apparent; fine eyes,
wide-set under level brows, with a wistful
yearning in them. Then the lips, curved
and tremulous, and the firm rounded chin.
And lastly the hair„a halo of russet brown.

  Selfridge started into sudden conscious-
ness. His eyes stared behind his goggles.
He leaned forward with an eager exclama-
tion. The movement depressed his eleva-
tor control. The machine dipped down-
wards. And the vision was gone.

  Self ridge drew a sharp hissing breath.
He was trembling. He tried to think; but
he found thought impossible. He was too

unnerved to continue his flight. He let the
machine hold its downward slant while he
pinched himself to ascertain whether he was
awake.

  Fifteen minutes later he landed almost as
lightly as a feather on his own field. Im-
mediately an excited group rushed to the
machine. Selfridge sat motionless in his
seat, looking straight in front of him.
Mechanicians and managers almost fought
with one another to get a look at the re-
cording barograph, sealed over the dial with
the official seal of the representatives of the
Aero Club.

  “Whe-ee!” yelled a voice that cracked
in its excitement. “ Thirty-four thousand
and some! Whai-ee-ee! Our man! The
highest flier on earth! ”

  Enthusiastic hands dragged Selfridge
from his seat and hoisted him shoulder
high. But his face remained set and grave.
He knew now, of course. He had seen the
thing that called, the thing that he wanted.
His record meant nothing to him. He
knew now that it was never the record that
had lured him. There was no room for
mistake about his unrest of the last few
months. He knew definitely what his soul’s
desire was.

  And he began to understand in a vague
sort of way that it had been necessary for
him to rise to a plane far above where he
used to be before he could appreciate what
his desire really was. He begged to be let
down. “ I’m dead tired, fellers,” he said.
I’d be obliged if you’d let me go home, and
celebrate without me.”

  He was tired too. The strain of his emo-
tions had worn him out. But not too tired
to sit down and write a letter, a long-prom-
ised letter that ought to have been written
more than a year ago. He mailed it at
once; and then he went home and sat and
wondered whether he had seen what he
had seen.

  He had plenty of time for speculation.
Days came and went, and brought no reply
to the letter. Selfridge waited in gnawing
suspense. He tried to reconstruct the scene
of his vision, but his imagination raced
away into the wildest suppositions. Every
time he tried to think—and that was all
the time—the most grotesque explanations
THE HIGH FLIER.

275

visualized themselves in vivid series. Sel-
fridge was forced to realize that he had
been in no condition, under the spell of his
exhilaration up there to be sure of anything
or to remember anything.

  It was a nerve-racking period for him.
As the days went on, and no reply came,
the grotesque pictures took on a suggestion
of morbid gruesomeness. Selfridge began
to wonder, cold fear in his heart, whether
his realization had not come too late;
whether the girl—the only possible girl
ever, he knew now—was perhaps—he dared
not think it—perhaps beyond call, and
whether he might possibly have seen a
spirit.

  He had heard of such things. Many
scientific men were now beginning to be-
lieve tiiat certain people, when in a con-
dition of a peculiar exhilaration which they
called trance, were able to see, or at least
had obtained vivid and recognizable impres-
sions of loved ones who had passed over.

  'The thing obsessed him. It was abso-
lutely necessary, of course, for him to know.
He speculated gloomily, then, whether, if
he could reproduce the same condition of
exhilaration in the same circumstances, he
might be able once more to see—what he
thought he had seen.

  Speculation did not hold him for long.
Certainty was what he needed. He stalked
to the hangars and ordered out the ma-
chine.

  There was no eager little crowd this time,
no cheery wave of farewell and good luck.
Selfridge sat in his seat with a fixed expres-
sion and with a fixed purpose. He took off
with as little delay as possible and climbed
as steeply as he dared; he wanted to get
there and find out as quickly as possible.

  Once again he reached the thirty thous-
sand level without any difficulty, thanks to
his patent; and he cruised the attenuated
blueness with a set determination to find
out whether these thin, chilly levels were
the abode of some unusual kind of spirit,
and whether the urge that had drawn him
was still there.

  His face set more bitterly than ever as he
pushed the control lever from him. Care-
less of the reduced factor ef safety—sacri-

ficed to lightness—he swooped down at an
angle which caused strangly ominous strains
and creaks to mingle with the shriek of the
wind rushing through the wires.

  Only the grace of Providence and the
best material in the world averted a trag-
edy. As he landed Selfridge felt that his
leaden heart alone would be sufficient to
wreck the machine. It was a bad landing.
It would have been bad even for a beginner.
It was bumpy and it was far from his usual
precision which brought the machine right
up to the hangar doors.

  He sat in dull misery for a while and
then he climbed wearily out and removed
his mask to call to the figure which darted
out of the hangar and came running across
the field to him. He felt dully annoyed.
Why did not the other mechanicians hurry
up to take the machine over? Star fiiers
were not people who should be kept wait-
ing. He pushed his staring goggles up to
his forehead and pressed his fingers to his
tired eyes and blinked to readjust them to
normal vision.

  Then he started suddenly, and trembled
as he had done when he had seen the face
up above. Was he seeing it again? The
figure that ran across the field so eagerly,
was it a deft handed mechanician, or was
it just one of the fool girls who so ineffec-
tually washed off the machines after flight?
And if so, why in thunder wasn’t his regu-
lar crew coming out?

  It was a girl! An ardent impatient girl,
strong and graceful, with wistful wet eyes!

  She threw herself against the wool and
leather monstrosity of a man with an in-
articulate little squeal of anxious content-
ment and pressed close.

  “ I—I just got your letter,” she sobbed
for no reason whatever. “ I’ve been away,
and—and I’ve been looking for you for so
long, Howard.”

  “ I’ve just been looking for you too,
Gracie girl—up there. And I guess I’ve
been looking for a long time before that
too, only I didn’t know what I was looking
for. Why didn’t you tell me?”

  The girl lifted a shy, wet face. •

  “ I was going to,” said the girl simply.
But you ran away.”

       a

 (The End.)
irv

I U r,

bjf Rav) Cvmcvnxinds

THE girl stood quiet in the cabin door-
way looking out at the brilliant,
frosty night. Over Sugar Loaf the
cold, glittering moon shone full; the big fir
on its summit stood stark and black against
the vivid blue of the star-studded sky be-
hind, like a giant sentinel watching over the
silent valley.

  Below her, at the bottom of the little pass,
the winding trail with its single strand of
telephone wire beside it, showed plainly in
the moonlight. Up the mountain a wolf be-
gan howling. The girl turned back into the
cabin abruptly and closed the door behind
her.

  The supper she had been preparing was
almost ready. The little board table near
the fireplace was set for one; over in a cor-
ner from a large, wood-burning stove came
the odor of steaming coffee.

  The girl put a lighted kerosene lamp upon
the table and served herself with a single
plateful of food from the frying-pan. Once
she stood still, listening, but only the muf-
fled noise of the brook and the lone wolf
baying broke the silence. For a brief in-
stant her glance rested on the telephone
instrument fastened to the wall beside the
fireplace; then, as though reassured, she sat
down and began her solitary meal.

  A knock upon the door made her leap to
her feet and stand for an instant trembling.
She put her hand into the pocket of her
gingham apron, her fingers gripping a little
revolver that lay there. The knock was re-
peated. The girl withdrew her hand—

empty—and with a trembling smile that
seemed to belittle her fear, she crossed the
room swiftly and flung open the door.

  A man stood on the threshold—a slim
young man in a short heavy coat, blue flan-
nel shirt, corduroy trousers, and neat, in-
congruous leather puttees. He was bare-
headed. He stood wavering with a hand
against the doorway to steady himself, all
his weight on one foot and the toe of the
other just touching the ground.

  “You!” cried the girl. Her tone held
amazement, but it was tender, too, with
love. Then as she saw the pallor of his
face in the lamplight, and his lips pressed
together in a thin straight line of pain, she
cried again:

  “Tom, you’re hurt!”

  Her arms went around him, and leaning
heavily on her, he hobbled across the room.
The pain made him moan, and he sank back
in the chair and closed his eyes. The girl
knelt on the floor beside him, and began
gently to unstrap one of his puttees. After
a moment he seemed to recover a little. He
sat up and wiped the sweat of weakness
from his forehead with his coat slfeeve.

  “ I know I shouldn’t have stopped, Beth,
but I—I knew you were alone to-night.”
For an instant the drawn lines of pain left
his face; his eyes looked into the girl’s
tenderly.

  Beth looked up into his face, brushing
back a wisp of hair that had fallen for-
ward over her eyes. That he had come here
frightened her. But she was glad that

 276
THE RIGHT THING.

277

he had come, and the sight of his pale face
with the look of pain on it made her eyes
fill with tears of love and sympathy.

  “ What happened, Tom?” she asked.

  The boy shook himself together. “ I
wouldn’t have stopped, honest, Beth—only
my horse threw me—a mile back toward
Rocky Gulch.” He winced as the girl
withdrew the puttee and began unlacing his
shoe.

  “ Only sprained, I guess,” he added.
“ But it hurts like the devil—and I’m
bruised all over from the fall.” He laughed
ajittie in boyish apology for showing his
pain to a girl.

  “ It was about an hour ago. I wasn’t
going to stop—I wanted to get to Vailstown
to-night. The horse shied, at something, and
bolted, and left me lying there. I don’t
know—I guess I’m a rotten rider.” He
grinned sheepishly.

  He had come to her! Of course, it was
all he could do then, without a horse and
with a sprained ankle at night on the Vails-
town road. At the thought of having him
here with her when he was hurt and needed
her help, the girl’s heart grew very loving
and tender.	.

  “ I’ve been an hour coming,” he went on
quietly—he brushed her hair lightly with
his fingers and smiled—“ and now I’m here,
Beth, I’m—I’m sort of glad the accident
happened.”

  She made no answer, but went on taking
off his shoe and the heavy woolen sock;
his ankle was red and swollen. She raised
his foot to a low wooden bench, and he
watched her silently while she filled a pail
with hot water. Then he noticed the food
on the table.

  “ Finish eating, Beth,” he said. “ This
can wait—it doesn’t hurt much when I hold
it still.”

  Again she did not reply, but held his
foot and ankle in the water a moment, and
then, wrapping it in an improvised bandage,
replaced the sock. She was very tencfer and
gentle. Once the boy made as if to kiss her,
but she pulled away, effectually but with-
out resentment. Wonderment was in his
eyes as he followed her swift, deft move-
ments.

  “ Why don’t you say something, Beth?”

he asked after a moment. “ What’s the
matter with you?”

   “ Now you can eat with me,” she said.
She had made him as comfortable as pos-
sible, and returned to the stove.

   He took the plate of food she handed
him. “ I know I shouldn’t have stopped,
Beth—but I couldn’t do anything else,
could I?”

  “ How did you know I was alone?” She
knew what he was going to answer, and it
frightened her.

   “ I saw your stepfather in Rocky Gulch
this afternoon—no, wait, listen Beth—I’d
tell you, wouldn’t I, if anything had hap-
pened?”

   He went .on impetuously, as though to
dispel her rising fear.

   “ He was drunk, Beth, and he’s too old a
man. Look at that”—he clenched his fist,
and the muscles of his bared forearm rose
up in knots—" I could have twisted his
neck with that for what he said about me
and you. But I promised I wouldn’t lift a
hand to him, and I didn’t, no matter what
he said. I didn’t mean to meet him—and
then—when he said what he did I—-well,
I just listened and beat it, that’s all.”

   The boy shoved his food away from him
untouched, and looked across the table to
meet Beth’s frightened, eyes.

   “ Don’t you worry, kid,” he added re-
assuringly, “ I won’t hurt him, and he can’t
hurt me—except with his gun.” The girl
shuddered, and he hastened to add:

   “ He wouldn’t do that, Beth. Don’t you
think it for a minute! Even when he’s drunk
he wouldn’t do that—he’s too much of a
coward—he knows he’d swing for it.”

   “ He said he would, Tom.”

  “ He said he would if I come up here
again. I didn’t come, did I?”

   It was a month now since her stepfather
in drunken rage had ordered Tom from the
house and threatened to shoot him if he
.ever came there again. But after all, he had
to come to-night, as things happened. And
her stepfather was away—the first time he
had been away in months—and he need
never know that Tom had been here.

  “ He won’t be back until to-morrow—
you’ll be gone then,” said Beth, voicing her
thoughts.
278

THE ARGOSY.

  Her words seemed to rouse the boy to
sudden anger. “ Why should he forbid my
seeing you, anyway?” he went on, resent-
fully. “ I love you, Beth, and you love
me. And I want to marry you! ” His tone
changed abruptly. “ You do love me,
Beth?”

  He held out his arms appealingly, and in
answer the girl rose silently and kissed him.
“ You know that, Tom,” she said simply.

  “ Then why do I have to sneak away like
a thief? Jusf because we love each other,
what’s that he’s got against me?”

  “You know why he said it was, Tom.”
She crossed the room again to attend to
the stove.

  “ Because I haven’t got any money. I
know—that’s what he said. But I’ve got
enough to keep you as well as he does—
and better.” He glanced around the cabin
contemptuously. “ You know that isn’t the
reason. It’d be the same, anyway—unless
maybe I had a fortune and would give
him some of it.”

  Beth winced. It hurt, somehow, to have
him say things like that. But she knew it
was true. And she knew, too, just how he
felt—how he resented the way he had been
treated.

  “ Besides, why shouldn’t I marry you?”
the boy went on. “ I’m from the East,
same as you. I’ve been to college—my
family’s as good as yours—for all his
drunken talk—better than his, if you ask
me. What he wants is to get you a rich
husband back East if he can’t stake a big-
paying claim out here. And I don’t fit into
that scheme. That’s what’s the matter, and
you know it.”

  Beth laid the coffee cups on the table
and sat down again, facing him.

  “ You mustn’t talk that way, Tom,” she
remonstrated. “ You just mustn’t. I won’t
listen. I’ve told you that before. I can’t
listen to such things. Why were you going
to Vailstown to-night?”

  He ignored her question. “ Well, I’m
right, and you know it. I love you, and
I’d make you happy. He’s the only thing
in the way. So far as your happiness is
concerned, he’d be better off dead, and I
wish he was. Oh, I know it’s a rotten thing
to say, but I do. Look at that.”

  He leaned forward suddenly, and gripped
her by the shoulder, pulling her toward him.
“ Your neck’s bruised black and blue. You
think I don’t notice things like that, don’t
you? I know how he treats you when he’s
crazy drunk—and I’m the only one who
does. And I can’t do anything about it be-
cause you won’t let me.”

 “ Tom—I—”

  “ And -because he’s your stepfather, you
won’t let anybody say a word against him.
But you know he’s no good to himself, or
anybody else. He’d be better off dead, and
you know it. Somebody’ll get him one
of these days, too—the way he acts down
there at the Gulch when he’s drunk—you
wait and see. Some day they’ll find him
lying in a gully or something, where some-
body’s pushed him. He hasn’t got a decent
friend in the world—only the bums are good
enough for him. And that damn One-Eyed
Charlie he pals around with.”

  Beth sighed hopelessly.

  “ Some day they’ll find him dead down
there,” the boy went on. “Charlie ’11
do it, maybe—he’s a rattlesnake anyway.
And when he talks to me like he did to-
day, and I see your neck horribly bruised
the way it is now, I feel as if I could do it
myself, sometimes—if I had a good
chance.”

  His words shocked her, perhaps even
more because some little whispering devil in-
side said it would be better that way-
better for all three of them. She rose
abruptly, and bending down, put her hands
on the boy’s shoulders, looking him square-
ly in the face.

  “ Tom, you didn’t mean that,” she said
evenly.

  His eyes shifted and avoided her own,
and she felt her heart leap with sudden
fear.

  “ Well, I feel as if I could, anyway,” he
answered, sullenly. “ And you wouldn’t be
sorry—deep down in your heart.”

  “ Tom, you can’t talk this way. I won’t
listen. Don’t you understand—I won’t
listen.”

  She pulled her chair close beside him. He
put his arm about her shoulders and drew
her to him hungrily.

  “ Tom, why were you going to Vailstown
THE RIGHT THING.

279

to-night?” she asked again, when he had
released her.

  “ I—I—” He seemed to make a sudden
decision. “ I wasn't going to tell you, Beth,
till I was sure.” He met her searching
gaze squarely. “ I think I’ve struck it, Beth
—over there on Cedar Creek. It looks
good—pans richer than anything around the
Gulch. I wanted to get it recorded in Vails-
town to-night. Then, if everything was all
right, I was going to phone you.”

  His face was flushed and eager now, and
very boyish. She leaned forward and
kissed him.

  “ I’m so glad, Tom. At last—you de-
serve it.' You’ve worked hard.”

  “ I think I’ve got it, Beth—got it for
you, just like I said I would.”

  Beth rose, and went to the window. “ It’s
clouding over,” she said. “ We’ll have snow
by morning.”

  She came back to the fireside, and glanc-
ing at his bandaged ankle, smiled. “ You’ll
have to stay here to-night. In the morning
I’ll walk over to Simpson’s—it’s only three
miles back around Sugar Loaf—and get you
a horse. You can make it to Vailstown
then.”

  A faint, distant sound outside made them
look at each other in sudden alarm. They
listened. It grew louder—a horse coming
along the trail from Rocky Gulch at a gal-
lop. Beth thought of her step-father, per-
haps returning unexpectedly—to find Tom
here with her. In the silenc« she could hear
again the lonely howl of the wolf on Sugar
Loaf—a sound immeasurably mournful,
very much like the desolate, silent moun-
tains themselves.

  She rose to her feet, trembling. The
sound of the horseman approaching grew
steadily louder. Then her glance fell upon
the little tin clock over the fireplace. She
smiled with the relief of sudden compre-
hension.

  “ Nine o’clock, Tom. I’d forgotten. It’s
only the mail rider for-Vailestown.”

  She went to the window. “ It’s snowing,
Tom,” she added.

  Tom was sitting up in his chair, tense.
She wondered vaguely why he did not seem
relieved at her words.

  “ It is the mail,” she cried, after a mo-

ment. She opened the door a little and
stood looking out.

  The boy started from his chair, standing
upon his injured ankle without thought of
it. “ He may stop, Beth. He mustn’t see
me here. It wouldn’t look right, don’t you
see—it—”

  She wheeled on him sharply. “ He isn’t
going to stop,” she said. Then she flung
the door wide open and stepping ’outside,
waved her hand to the p*assing rider on the
trail below.

  “ Sit down, Tom.” She came back into
the room and closed the door. “ You
mustn’t stand on that ankle.”

  He sank back into the chair, his face
white. “ God!” he exclaimed, “ I shouldn’t
be up here with you alone to-night after—
after what—”

  Beth sat down again beside him. The
thoughts that came to her mind frightened
her. She tried to dispel them, but couldn’t.
She put her hand upon his arm.

  “ I’m glad you’ve struck it, Tom,” she
said. “ I knew you would. And some
time—”

  “ I’m going to have you for my wife,”
he finished. “And take you back East,
maybe, where you belong.”

  Suddenly he flung his arms about her
again and kissed her upon the lips roughly.
“It’s the right thing-^the right thing,
Beth.” He repeated the words a little bit-
terly.

   She disengaged herself gently.

  “You say ‘ the right thing,’ Tom,” she
returned quietly, “and you mean to be
cynical. Because I’ve said that to you
sometimes—and—you never quite under-
stood, did you?”

  “ But why shouldn’t you marry me if we
love each other?” he protested again.

  He had never understood, of course. And
hadn’t he the right to understand?

  “ I’ll tell you what I meant, Tom—what
you have never understood—never real-
ized.” Her face was very earnest, very
serious. “You say my step-father is—is
no good. Well, you’re right. He is no good
as the world judges those things—and may-
be as God judges them, too. But he’s the
man my mother loved—there’s no getting
away from that, Tom—she loved him; and
280

THE ARGOSY.

she died loving him, and with the whisper
on her lips telling me to help him and care
for him as long as he lived.” She laughed
—a curious little laugh that seemed to catch
in her throat.

  “ I never told you that, did I, Tom? I
was only fourteen then—but that day, talk-
ing there with mother, I thought out my
creed—my religion. To do the right thing
always, Tom—that’s it—that’s all there is
to it. Not the thing that may look best for
me at the time or even right for me—but
the just thing—the right thing in the eyes
of God.”

   Her delicate little face grew wistful with
the memories the words evoked. She had
never spoken to Tom—or to any one—like
this before. She had hardly realized until
now as she put it into words, how much
this simple creed of hers had' come to mean
to her—how unconsciously she had used it
as her guiding star, through all these
dreary, mournful years that followed her
mother’s death.

  She had been unhappy, she knew; and
yet not unhappy, either, since happiness
came with the knowledge that she was do-
ing the right thing.

  And then Tom had come—Tom with his
love that had awakened hers, with the
promised fulfilment of all her girlish
dreams. It was hard for Tom—hard for
her, too, when now the right thing made
them deny love. But still, she had gone
on trusting—hoping, blindly hoping—just
waiting for God to work it out in His own
way—the way that would be right for them
all. And she was sorry now—and a little
frightened—that she had never let Tom
understand.

  Her eyes were dim and soft with tender-
ness as she leaned forward toward him.

  “That you can understand, Tom. It’s
very simple, isn’t it? And don’t you see,
that’s just what father never has done. It
has always been the right thing as he saw
it, yes—but the right thing for himself—ah
ways the right thing for himself.

  “ And somehow, Tom, it doesn’t seem to
work out, when you only figure the right
thing for yourself. I don’t just mean that
it hurts or sacrifices others—but somehow,
some way, it don’t work out for you—your-

self. It looks all right—you can’t see why
it isn’t all right. But 'there’s something
working against it—some law of nature—
or God maybe—or something—and it just
don’t work out. I believe that, Tom—I
believe it absolutely—and—and no matter
how hard it is, I’m trying to live up to it.
I promised mother that.”

  Tom moistened his dry lips. “ Then so
long as he lives you—you—”

   She put her hand over his moutR.

   “ Don’t, Tom, don’t. It isn’t only that
way—it’s in everything. The right thing
always—even if it looks wrong and bad
for me. And I believe in the end it will
work out best—something we don’t under-
stand will make it work out.”

  Suddenly she slipped from her chair
onto his lap, with her arms about him, her
head on his shoulder.

    But I do love you, Tom, so very, very
much.” All the yearning tenderness of- love
was in her voice. “ I do want to be your
wife—some day—when it’s the right thing
to do.”

   The telephone bell rang, startlingly loud
in the silence of the little cabin. Beth
pulled away from the boy and rose to her
feet. That nameless apprehension—the
vague presentiment she had felt before—
came back to her now as she stood looking
at the instrument, hesitating. The ring was
repeated—a slightly different call this time,
abruptly stilled.

  “ What is it, Beth? Is it for us?” The
telephone was silent now.

   She lifted the receiver. A voice in con-
versation sounded in her ear; instinctively
she did not speak, but listened with an
eager attention.

  “ Dead,” said the voice, “ lying there
dead, with marks on his throat—murder, all
right.”

   The little cabin room went suddenly black
for Beth. The noise of the brook down by
the trail seemed roaring in her ears; out be-
yond she heard the wolf still howling. She
knew she must not faint—whispered it
bravely, despairingly to herself.

  “ Beth! Beth, what is it?” the boy had
started to his feet.

   At the sound of his voice her head sud-
denly cleared. She let go of the telephone
THE RIGHT THING.

281

box she had clutched for support, and raised
her hand in warning for silence. The voice
in her ear was still sounding. She recog-
nized the voice now—the Sheriff of Rocky
Gulch.

  “—hell of a scrap this afternoon,” the
voice was saying. “ It’s him all right—only
circumstantial evidence, but damn strong.
And he’s gone—you know him—Tom Haw-
ley—that slim young feller from the East
over at Ransome’s.”

  The man in Vailstown made some an-
swer.

  “You send some men down the trail,”
the sheriff went on. . “ He might come
along any time. Probably won’t. And
phone Centerville—or whatever else you
think best. You’ll hear from me later—
morning probably. I gotta ride way over
now and tell his daughter—I dassent phone
her, with her all alone out there. Hell of
a job, too. Then in the morning we’ll get
busy right.”

  Again the man in Vailstown spoke—
some question this time about One-Eyed
Charlie — and the conversation then con-
tinued.

  But Beth heard no more. The shock of
this abrupt news of her step-father’s death,
and then the suggestion of murder—murder
done by Tom Hawley, the man she loved
-—the man whose wife some day she wanted
to be—all whirled through her confused
brain.

  Tom Hawley, standing there now by the
fireplace watching her wonderingly—Tom
Hawley was a murderer?

  The shock of it caused a sudden revul-
sion in the girl’s heart. Her fingers gripped
the little revolver that lay in her apron
pocket. The sheriff’s voice was still sound-
ing in her ear; her lips were at the mouth-
piece—she had only to speak to give Tom
up—a murderer whom the law demanded.

  And then something within her—some
tiny voice of nature—whispered to the girl
that she loved Tom Hawley. And that h.e
had thought it was the right thing to do—
only because he loved her—because he
wanted her for his wife—wanted to make
her happy. If she gave him up he might
be sentenced and hung. The man she loved,
to be killed by the law.

  The right thing! The words of her creed
came back to her. Which was the right
thing now? Her tired brain groped at the
question wearily. The right thing! The
words she had said to Tom flashed through
her mind: “Not the thing that may look
best for me, but the right thing in the eyes
of God. And something—some lawT we
don’t understand—will make it work out
all right.”

  Beth dropped the telephone receiver to
the end of its dangling cord and put her
hand over the mouthpiece. Then she
whirled to face the boy who still stood
watching her expectantly.

  “ They’ve found it out, Tom.” Her voice
came low, but vibrant and tense. In the
hand she held outstretched a bit of polished
steel glistened in the lamplight. “ They
know it’s you.”

  At sight of the revolver she pointed at
him the boy started forward. Amazement,
incredulity were on his face.

  “Beth! Why, Beth, what—”

  “ We’re going to do the right thing, Tom
—the right thing in the eyes of God.”

  He was hobbling forward, and her voice
rose suddenly:

  “ Tom—-Tom Hawley. Don’t you hear
me? Don’t you understand?” She waved
the revolver toward the wall nearer the
telephone. “ Stand over there—over there
against the wall. No, I mean it”—as he
continued coming forward. “ Not a word
now, Tom, or I’ll shoot. Don’t you under-
stand? Can’t you see I mean it?” she end-
ed almost with a sob.

  The boy hesitated; stared into her gleam-
ing eyes an instant, and then drew7 himself
up against the wall, silent. Holding the re-
volver leveled, Beth took her hand from
the mouthpiece and lifted the receiver again
to her ear. The sheriff was still speaking
in the phone.

  “ This is Beth—Beth Rollins,” she in-
terrupted. Her voice sounded almost cas-
ual. She heard the sheriff’s gasp of aston-
ishment, his profane exclamation, and went
on evenly:

   “ I’ve been listening, Sheriff Williams. I
—you’re looking for Tom Hawley—well,
he’s here—here with me now. He’s—he’s
going to stay here until you come.” She
282

THE ARGOSY.

waited through an instant of silence, and
then the sheriff’s voice said with seeming
contrition:

  “ I’m mighty sorry, Miss Beth. I was
coming over to see you to-night—I clean
forgot you were on this line in the excite-
ment. Your step-father—he—”

  She interrupted his awkward, embar-
rassed explanation. Her brain was whirl-
ing; the room was dim to her sight, with
only the boy’s white face and his question-
ing eyes watching her, standing out clear
and sharp.

  “ Tom Hawley’s here with me,” she
heard her own voice repeating. “ He—he’ll
wait for you here.”

  And then the'sheriff’s voice said:

  “ Hell, ma’m, your step-father—it didn’t
happen only a few minutes ago. If Tom
Hawley’s there with you now that’s all
.the alibi I want—it’s a cinch he wasn’t here.
I’m. mighty glad you happened to tell me to-
night, Miss Beth, or it would of gone hard
for him. You let me speak witR him, ma’m,
if he’s there—it must have been One-Eyed
Charlie did it.”

     EGO

J SIT before my window and I gaze
Before me at the multitudes of men
That pass, each in himself so wrapt
That naught but self can come within their ken.

Before me passes youth, in whose light heart
Philosophy forsooth disdains to stay,

But seeks the eye experience has wet

With tears resigned to shoulder come what mayj

Youth, Age, indeed together in my view
And, how alike in one God-given thing
The Hope, that dwells in every one alike
To dull despair's cruel suffering.

The world to one and all of them is lost
In blindness sterile they themselves deny—

Turn from true joy indeed to seek it where?

Within themselves their blinded ego, I.

Within oneself alas is narrow field

To plant the richness of one’s growing soul—

Choked by the rampant weed of selfishness
And dormant ever in complacent mold.

What depth within that universe of stars
Each peopled with a billion like to you
What then, behold in one and one alone
The very face of him—oneself, to view.

Here through my window-glass do I behold
The multitudes of men that pass and pass;

And thus the individual, I lose—

.Beholding here—aloof, alone, the Mass.

Jeanne Dalzelh
OSS

1!\

ronze

£(/ Holmsov Da\j

CHAPTER XIX.

A FAIR ENIGMA.

“ /JISS BINGHAM, you will step inside.
I y I the house. I’ll talk with you later,”
Cates hastily commanded.

 “ Am I under arrest?”

 He hesitated.

 “ If you are arresting me, Warden Cates,
 you must tell me why,” she insisted,

 “ I have been told that somebody leaped
 off that wall.”

 “ Somebody did,” she admitted.

 “ Do you know who it was?”

“ I could not see the person’s face.”

 “ What were you doing—but I’ll talk
 with you later, Miss Bingham. Step in-
 side.”

 She stiffened herself and stood in her
 tracks. “ Am I arrested, sir?”

 It was plain to Warden Cates that this
 was not a matter to be handled rudely or in
 the hearing of his.assistants. His wife had
 come to the door, anxiously seeking more
 information.

 “ Anna, here is Miss Bingham — you
 know—the friend of—of Squire Nile,” ex-
 plained the warden, covering the thing as
 best he was able at such short notice. “ She
 will step inside with you?”

 “ As a prisoner?” demanded Nina, in-
 sistent on thfe point.

 “ No,” promised Cates desperately. “ As
 a guest! As a guest of Mrs. Cates and
 myself. There’s trouble outside here.
 It’s no place and no time of night for a
 young lady to be strolling about alone.”

  While he was speaking he urged her to
his wife by a firm grip on the girl’s arm.
Nina entered the house.

  When Warden Cates was finally back in
bed after the intermission in his night’s rest,
his puzzle was ready for him, and no
almanac-twister had ever set him such a
stunt. What had this girl been up to?

  There had been a knotted rope dangling
down from one wall of the prison; an up-
ended plank marked some sort of illicit ac-
tivity on another wall. But in the prison
there was neither a convict less nor a con-
vict more than there had been when the
count was made the afternoon before.

  Why was the girl there?

  She most assuredly knew that Barron
Douglass was not in the prison; the news-
papers had been explicit on that point and
had even reported him as being here, there,
and yonder, in most emphatic fashion.

  In fact, after the excitement of the night
had calmed down, the warden had solemnly
assured his “ guest ” that Douglass was still
at large, and then Cates was sorry because
he had promulgated that information with
so much positiveness; the girl displayed the
only satisfaction that she had shown in the
one-sided interview.

  “ But now that I have been honest with
you, Miss Bingham, you must be equally
honest with me.”

  Miss Bingham, before that interview
began, had recovered her breath and a great
deal of her poise, and she kept both because
she did no talking and would not allow her-
self to be jumped by arguments or threats..

This story began in The Argosy for February 28.

283
284

THE ARGOSY.

  The warden attempted a bit of clumsy
craft, after he had enlisted his w?ife as his
aid. He assured the girl that she ought to
telephone to her anxious friends, whoever
they might be, and he invited her to step
into the private sitting-room and call up
anybody with whom she might care to talk.

  Miss Bingham was duly grateful for the
kindness, blandly affecting not to notice
that there was an extension instrument in
the, library where they were seated. But
she would not think of disturbing friends at
that time of night!

  “ If you’re afraid you’ll disturb any one
by going home at this late hour, Mrs. Cates
and I will be delighted to have you remain
as our guest. And I suppose you live at
some distance from here?” prodded the in-
quisitor.

  The girl made no reply. She said nothing
when he inquired where she was employed
in the city. She did not display any emo-
tion of any sort in her silence, neither re-
sentment nor anxiety; Warden Cates, re-
turning her serene gaze, was conscious that
it was the same sort of a disconcerting stare
that one finds in the steady regard of an
unresponsive kitten.

  Therefore, realizing the uncertainties in
the pursuit of a cab, should he allow the
girl to leave that night, he told Mrs.. Cates
to install their guest in the best spare-room.

  And the next day he instructed Mrs-.
Cates to use every feminine art in pumping
the young lady.

  The sum total of that pumping was, so
Mrs. Cates reported, an expression of Miss
Bingham’s opinion on the fine weather, as
the windows of the spare-room permitted
her to see it, and some chatty compliments
on Mrs. Cates’s taste in the furnishings of
the guest-room. The hostess also reported
with some astonishment that the young lady
seemed to be perfectly contented to remain
just where she was.

  The warden, keeping his own counsel in
the matter of Nina’s continued presence in
his house, had been cogitating upon possible
results to be obtained by setting her loose
and detailing a man to shadow her. He
entertained no great hopes, to be sure, con-
sidering how the young woman was keeping
a tight rein on herself in all other ways, but

it was the only recourse that occurred to his
official mentality.

  However, when she seemed satisfied to
remain as his guest, his mentality was at-
tacked from another angle: she had become
more of a puzzle than ever, and Mr. Cates
was a hound in the matter of puzzles,

  “ The only sensible thing is to keep her
here a little longer. I’ll get a line on her
yet,” he told his wife.

  Before he resumed his personal attack on
the problem in petticoats, he allowed the
chaplain to have a try, approaching the
maiden from the angle of friendly relations
and anxiety for the safety of a misguided
young man; then the warden employed the
brusk aid of the prison physician, who had
a way of his own in getting at mental reser-
vations.

  Both of them failed.

The chaplain deplored her obstinacy.
The doctor called it “ spunk,” and con-
fided to Warden Cates a hearty admiration
of a girl who- could play the game through,
as this girl was- doing iL

  “ I was obliged to -couifine my study of
her to her eyes,” affirmed the doctor. “ I
can usually make a patient show the tongue
—but that young lady never allowed me to
see even the tip end of hers when it came
to opening her mouth to talk. Not one
word from her!

  “ But it’s plain enough that she came
back here with the young fellow to put
something over in the way of helping a
friend to escape. I dwelt on the matter
with her, and her eyes hinted that I was
near the truth. But I wasn’t aware that
Douglass made any especial chums here in
prison!”

  “ He made two very hot and hearty ene-
mies—and that’s about as far as he got in
the way of social intercourse,” retorted the
warden. “ Perhaps he was trying to help,
somebody to escape. He may come back
and try it again. But there are two men
whom we won’t have to watch—and they
are Fogg and Foster.”

  And that was the evening of the night on
which those two exceptions from Douglass’s
friendly interest sawed their way out with
tools that had, been secured somehow—
somewhere!
THE BIG BOSS IN BRONZE.

285

  Warden Cates had plenty to occupy his
mind, after that, to the exclusion of almanac
puzzles and the enigma presented by a reti-
cent girl.

  He knew only one man who had a fair
claim to the confidence of Miss Nina Bing-
ham of Canton.

  The telegram that the warden rushed off
to Squire Cassius Nile was filled with urgent
appeal; the squire reported in person as
soon as a train could bring him.

  He listened attentively to Warden Cates’s
exposition of a struggle with a puzzle.
Result to date: no solution! “ And I have
never had any occasion to do much wor-
rying over women before in my life,” con-
fessed the fat warden with a wheezy sigh.
“ I give it up, and you’re in a position to
handle it.”

  Squire Nile did not jump at the oppor-
tunity that was offered.

  On the contrary, he pursed his lips and
tapped his finger-tips together and dis-
played an irritating amount of legal re-
serve.

  “ You’ve simply got to do it,” insisted the
warden.

  “ Eh! What say—what say?”

  “ Young Douglass is trying to get in
touch with her. We’re laying for him. It’s
for his own good, too, to come back here.”

  “ Do you expect my client to walk in
here because you’re holding the girl here as
a bait?”

  “ Your client!” scoffed Warden Cates.

  “ Exactly! Considering what your atti-
tude was on a certain occasion when I asked
for a private talk with my client, it occurs
to me that I can get along better with my
client while he’s out of prison.”

  “ You knowr more about the inside of this
than you’re telling me,” complained Cates.

  “ Perhaps.”

  “ I don’t like the attitude you are taking,
Nile!”

  “ I can afford to take a very superior at-
titude right now,” purred the old lawyer.
“ I am not begging favors.”

  “ I thought I could deal with you on the
basis of our old friendship. That’s why I
have sent for you. I’m in trouble.”

  “ Cates, now you’re talking real sense!
You can deal with me on that basis.”

  “ But you—”

  “ Hold on! I do know more about this
thing than I have any mind to tell right
now. That boy is innocent. He’s trying
to prove his innocence. I haven’t been
doing half what I have wanted to do to help
him. But, by gad, Cates, I’m not going to
hurt him—when it’s only a matter of keep-
ing my mouth closed. I tell you, you can
deal with me on the basis of friendship, the
moment you come down off that official
mule you’re mounted on! You have located
her boarding-house—her place of employ-
ment, you tell me, and you’re keeping watch
and have promised rewards—oh, that’s only
old stuff! Do you want me to help you, as
a friend?”

  “I do!”

  “ Then I’ll take that poor girl right back
to Canton with me—her own home town—
where she belongs.”

  “ By thunder! You’re right. That’s
where he’ll come out of the bush, if he
shows up anywhere! ”

  The squire gave the prison official a
malevolent look. “ You don’t think I’m
rigging a derrick, along with you, to betray
the boy, do you?”

  “ No, but—”

  “ But when I can send you the news that
will make you and the rest of the one-ideaed
blunderheads who have been gunning this
case good and ashamed of yourselves, I’ll
report—and I’ll expect you to grab in then
and help just as twice as hard as you’ve
tried to hurt.”

  “ I have nothing against Douglass, per-
sonally,” pleaded Cates.

  “ Why should you?” snapped back Squire
Nile. “ He’s innocent.” He rose. “ Now
bring Nina to me. She is going home, poor
girl!”

       CHAPTER XX.

THE BEACON OF TINGLEY HILL.

CERGEANT BARRON DOUGLASS
came back to his home town of Canton,
a skulking fugitive.

  He was slinking far from the highway,
along the beech ridges, waiting for the twi-
light to deepen into night. He welcomed
286

THE ARGOSY.

the darkness. He knew his way about in
those woods and along those shadowed lanes
where, as a boy, he had hunted partridges
when he could escape, for a few hours, from
the tyranny of Farmer Blaisdell.

  Douglass had only half-formed plans, for
he was obliged to depend on circumstances
as he might find them. His future was as
dark as the gloom of the night—his hopes as
few as the stars that he could see through
the cloud-rifts.

  To get to Cassius Nile with his story and
his troubles—he was making that his first,
sole aim!

  One of the beech ridges led a tongue of
woods well down to the village, and he kept
on till he could see the lights in the stores
and houses.

  He mounted a boulder, sat on it, and
waited for the lights to wink out.

  The old squire had his bachelor’s room
at the village tavern; that made it impossi-
ble to confer with him that night.

  But Douglass had provided himself with
pencil and paper. Before the twilight had
faded he had written a bit of a note which
he intended to slip under the squire’s door
that night; he asked the lawyer to remain in
his office late the next evening, promising
to come as soon as Main Street was de-
serted. That would be soon after ten, the
young man knew. The stores were closed
at nine o’clock and the folks of Canton were
usually early to bed. Then a more desper-
ate determination began to urge him.

  He understood the habits of his towns-
people so well that he resolved to be ven-
turesome. To wait twenty-four hours, after
leaving the note, was a hard trial of pa-
tience. The squire often went back to his
office after supper. Douglass knew there
was a chance of catching him there, if a
sortie was made early enough this evening.

  Before half past nine, flanking the block
by means of an alley, he managed to slip
into the corridor and mount to the floor
where the lawyer’s office was located. *

  A card was hung on the squire’s door and
the single light in the corridor shone on it.

Out of Town

  The poor fellow clutched his empty hands
till the nails stung the flesh.

  Not a door in his home town open to
him! Even the dogs would bark him out of
woodsheds and barns! Disguised though he
was by dirt and dishevelment, he could not
afford to have an eye in all Canton rest on
him. In this locality he was not dealing
with careless throngs and indifferent police-
men. And there was no “ Governor’s
Grave,” resort of a complacent clan with
the motto: “ Mind your own business.”

  What was the lonesomest pl&ce in Cari-
ton?

  Douglass, a native, did not need to debate
that matter with himself.

  It was the Tingley mansion on the hill,
even during the old miser’s lifetime.

  Now, untenanted, abandoned by the heir-
ess, it must be more utterly lonesome than
ever—branded and shunned, no doubt, be-
cause of the new horror that attached to it.

  Dire necessity forced him to seek some
shelter. Hateful as the old house was, he
must have the sort of protection that it
would give him.

  Another thought mellowed the protest his
natural feelings were making: the house be-
longed to Nina. By going there, though
she could know nothing of his tenancy, he
was accepting the hospitality of the dearest
champion he possessed; he would dwell un-
der the roof, he could feel the comfort of
knowing that she had been there.

  He made stealthy exit from the village,
and mounted the long hill.

  The winds had risen, aftermath of the
protracted rains, and the Norway pines
murmured disconsolately when he stood
under them and made survey of the house;
the clouds had been swept from the sky,
and the stars lighted the hilltop.

  The windows of the lower story had been
boarded up, and this sealing of the place
against humankind added to the desolate
melancholy of the mansion’s aspect. He
walked around the house in order, to ascer-
tain whether any unbarred window would
afford him an entrance. He deciphered
markings, roughly chalked, on some of the
boardings. One warned: “ Gosts here.
Kepe away.” It was up-and-down juvenile
chirography. In another place he found:
“ Hornted House.”

  In a sagging building once used as a car-
THE BIG BOSS IN BRONZE.

287

riage shelter—now open to the weather—he
lighted matches to aid his search, and came
upon a rusty crowbar. With this tool he
pried loose the bottoms of two boards of a
kitchen window, broke the catch by an up-
ward blow, entered, and pulled the boards
into place behind him.

  The barricaded windows permitted him
liberties with a light. He found a lamp on
a shelf and felt easier when it shed its glow
upon the surroundings.

  The furnishings of the house had not
been disturbed, so he learned when he made
a tour of the lower part. The hole in the
wainscoting of the dining-room had not
been closed; the make-shift door hung
down, giving uncanny suggestion of a dead
man’s sagging jaw.

  He did not venture to visit the upper
floor of the mansion with his light, though
the grim thought occurred to him that he
thus might more effectually secure isolation
for himself by carrying out the chalked sug-
gestions, playing ghost after the fashion of
the miser in “ The Chimes of Normandy.”

  He was infinitely weary of body, after his
miles of toiling along mud-smeared roads
and through the sodden forest; there was no
more clarity in his thoughts when he tried
to figure on his future plans. He puffed out
the light and stretched himself on the couch
where he had found Nina lying unconscious
on the night of the tragedy.

  But he dozed rather than slept. The
wind made eery sounds outside, and the old
house responded with cracklings and creak -
ings.

  Then, at last, he heard a sound that did
not partake of the supernatural; a door was
slammed and locked with a vigor that sug-
gested human agency. The doors were open
between dining-room, sitting-room, and
kitchen; when Douglass opened his eyes he
saw in the kitchen the sharp ray of a flash-
light.

  “ Where the blue blazes did you leave
that lamp?” demanded a gruff voice.

  “ Same place. Shelf!”

  Douglass was not astonished, recognizing
these voices. On the contrary, he felt a
queer sense of relief; he was commending
his prescience in the matter of these rec-
reant rascals. He had told himself that

they would go to Canton. Here they were,
hiding in the most natural covert. That
query about the lamp showed that they
were not visiting the house for the first
time; they were talking like regular tenants,
and started out toward them, in a most mat-
ter-of-fact way.

  “ Here’s your lamp,” he called, signalling
his approach as he turned the corner into
the dining-room.

  He saw Foster, in the«kitchen, shift the
flashlight to his left hand and begin to claw
frenziedly with the right at his hip pocket.

  “ You- don’t need that revolver that I
stole for you,” said the young man, coldly
contemptuous and in full command of his
nerves. “ You can see who I am.”

  “ Well, I’ll be—”

  “ Sure enough!” broke in Fogg.

  Nobody spoke for some seconds.

  Then Mr. Foster, inured by his experi-
ences to tense situations, showed that he
had calmness of his own. “ Well, so you’ve
got along! That’s good! We’ve been ex-
pecting you.”

  Douglass marched into the kitchen and
set the lamp on a table. “ I’ve been doing
a little expecting of my own—at a place
called ‘ Governor’s Grave.’ I reckon words
don’t suit this case—I’d better take the two
of you by the necks and rap your lying
heads together.”

  “ Licking us got you something once—
but it won’t work that way a second time,
bo,” said Mr. Foster, mustering a concilia-
tory grin when the grimed, savage features
were thrust close to his face. “ We all three
decided on this place as second choice, pro-
viding there was any choice.”

  “ You-’re a liar!”

  “ I have been called that before—be-
cause I’ve been misunderstood. If you
didn’t understand what I said—”

  “ You never said it.”

  “ I meant to say it, then! But you know
what a state prison is for carrying on con-
versations in! You’re broken in on so much
that you never get a chance to finish a sub-
ject! But now that you’re here—showing
that you -can do helpful thinking for your-
self—why make a friendly meeting un-
pleasant between gents who have so much
in common?”
288

THE ARGOSY.

  “ What are you doing here?”

  “ ’Tending to business.”

  “ Straight dope,” supplemented Fogg,
eagerly trying to assist in placating.

  “ The business you promised me to at-
tend to was clearing from me the charge of
murder.”

  “ Sure thing! But we had to hurry up
here to look after a little business of our
own.”

  “ Leaving me hiding and dodging and
worrying my heart out! The two of you
are—”

  “ Now, let’s not go into a lot of details
about why we slipped up on that meeting,”
pleaded Foster. “ We’re here, now. Right
according to . the arrangement that you
forgot.”

  He did not quail under the infuriated vic-
tim’s stare of disbelief, and profane words.

  “ Say, if you stub your toe on a brick in
the sidewalk, what’s the good of going back
to stub it again? Let’s go on! All friendly
and helpful. D—n the newspapers! They
reported us as being loose, There wasn’t
time to waste in getting up here. That was
our business, and it’s linked up with yours.”

  “I don’t know what you’re driving at,
Foster.”

  “ Doesn’t it strike you as kind of impor-
tant where old Tingley’s money has gone?”

  “ I don’t give a continental damn about
the money! . I want you to expose the man
who murdered Swinton Tingley!” In his
passion Douglass beat his fist on his breast.
“ I’m the one to be considered ahead of that
dirty money.”

  “ It may be more or less soiled—we
haven’t had a peek at it yet,” returned
Foster, dolefully. “ But we propose to!”
He twisted his features in an ugly grimace,
and growled. Mr. Fogg drove an admoni-
tory elbow against his associate.

  “ I mean to say that I ain’t as much in-
terested for myself—seeing that the money
doesn’t belong to me—as I am for that nice
young lady who used to give us a pleasant
smile every time we passed the library win-
dow in our days of trial and tribulation,”
Foster hastened to add, in way of qualifica-
tion. “ And, seeing what you must be to
her, it seems to me that you’d be thinking
about what belongs to her.”

  “ Look here, I’ll stand no more bull of
that sort,- Foster! All you are thinking
about is grabbing that money—wherever it
is, whoever has it! You’d cheerfully walk
over me to get at that money. But I’ve
kept my word with you and Fogg. I risked
my safety and my life. I have lost some-
thing that’s too sacred to be mentioned in
the hearing of you pigs. I’ve done my
part, man-fashion. Now you forget money
and do your part for me or, by God Eternal,
you’ll find out that a man who has shot
Huns can do a good job at it on this side of
the water.”

  His harsh voice rang through the house.
He clacked his fists under the man’s nose.
The three were silent after he had finished.

  Foster seemed ^to find the young man’s
gaze troublesome, and walked up and down
the kitchen, playing thoughtfully with the
skeleton key that he had plucked from the
ell door. “ I guess you’d do it,” he ad-
mitted at last. “ A lot of these fellows who
have come back from there have got all
kinds of grit they didn’t have when they
went over.”

  “ I guess we’ll have to bunch hits so as
to let all three of us run the bases at the
same time. We hurried up here, Douglass,
to get in a whack of our own before setting
off the big blow-up. We have been hiding in
this house. I’ll be honest with you, and
admit that we haven’t been able to do any-
thing sensible with our own affair, up to
date. And that’s because the newspapers
tipped off the condemned—I mean to say,
the news got out that we had got out! ”

  The smug way in which the fellow still
insisted on putting some vague concerns of
his own ahead of an innocent man’s agony
of soul, drove Douglass out of all bounds of
self-control. “ You demanded a price.
You sold me something. I have bought it.
Now pay! ”

  “ But by going off half cocked—”

  “ Pay!” Douglass was snapping the fin-
gers of both hands in front of Foster’s face.

  “ That’s a nice way to treat pals—think-
ing of nobody else but yourself! ”

  That was blowing the victim's, wrath with •
a bellows, in sooth!

  “ I helped you to get out of state prison!

I can put you back there. I’ll go outside
THE BIG BOSS IN BRONZE.

289

and yell my head off, calling the neighbors
and the constables. I’ll hang to your wheel
and turn you over to the law. Foster,
you’ve got to give me action. Now! Do
you hear? Now! No, not another yip of
your lying tongue. Now, I say!” -

  “Condemn your pelt!” shouted Foster,
“ if that’s all the sense you’ve got in hand-
ling a delicate matter, and helping friends,
have it your own way!” He turned on
Fogg. “ You know what we have planned
for a final splurge! ”

   “ S-s-s-s-sure! ”

“ Well, it’s got to be sprung now, or he’ll
have the jaspers jumping us. Get busy!”
It was plain that Foster was commander-
in-chief of that regiment of two. Mr. Fogg
started for the door.

  “ No, you don’t! I propose to keep my
eye on the both of you! ” But while Doug-
lass was in the midst of his protest Foster
leaped back to a tactical distance and
pulled his gun.

  “Yes, he does, bo! You don’t seem to
be fooling with me just now. By gad, I’m
not fooling with you, either. If you try to
trig, I’m going to shoot!”

  It was a desperate rascal’s cold-blooded
threat, and Foster’s even tones carried con-
viction.

  “This is no job on you,” stated the
stick-up gentleman when Fogg had rushed
out. “ It’s on another critter, and we hope
it’s going to be for mutual benefit, even if
we do pull it off on short notice. You’ll
kindly stand right in your tracks.”

  Fogg had left the ell door open.

  In a few moments a dull glare lighted
the night outside.

  “ Nothing like having all arrangements
made ahead,” said Foster. “ We didn’t
expect you’d be in so much of a hurry—•
but, seeing that you are, we’re glad we
were all ready to accommodate. All the
kerosene on the premises and plenty of dry
kindling! ”

  “ What does this mean?” gasped the
young man, at bay.

  “ It means that the old barn has been
torched up, son. And it’s really a good
night for the job, because the roof of this
house is wet,^nd ”—he backed to the door
-—“ yes, and the wind is strong t’other way.

     9	Argosy

I’d hate to be a party to hurting your
girl’s house, even if you do insist on quick
action.”

  Fogg came running in. “ S-s-she’s off ifi
great shape!” he reported.

  “ Then off it is for all three of us!
Douglass, you have said that you propose
to hang to our wheels! You’d better!
Come on!”'#He shoved the revolver back
into his pocket. “ Forget J.he gun-play, bo!
There won’t be any more of it if you’re sen-
sible. From now on it’s mutual—and we
hope it’s going to be self-acting.”

  There was nothing else for Douglass
except pursuit of them; they ran, and he
followed.

  The old barn, some rods away from the
mansion, was now a torch, heaving great
clouts of flame above the hilltop. It was
a fiery signal that would bring the towns-
folk of Canton flocking there, and the
locality was no longer a refuge for an es-
caped prison convict.

  Foster had locked the ell door with the
skeleton key, and the old house’ gave no
sign that it had been recently tenanted.

  The precipitate' torching up of the old
barn had sufficiently astonished Douglass;
but when he went chasing after the two
conspirators the course they took added
to his amazement. He had expected that
they would make for the woods across the
fields, escaping from the highv/ay along
which the volunteer fire-fighters would
come streaming. Already shouts of men
were borne on the night wind from the
village, and a bell had begun to clang.

  Foster cut across in front of the house,
under the Norway pines, and went directly
to .the highway. Then he ran down the
road, the other two at his heels. Douglass,
panting, tried to put questions, but neither
man replied.

  A quarter of a mile down the hill, in
the direction of the village, the leader of
the expedition hopped over a stone wall
and crouched down, and his companions
joined him.

  “ The thing that’s under yotir vest—have
it ready, Tudge,” commanded Foster,
breathing heavily between the words. The
big stones of the wall were chinked with
small ones. Foster pulled out several little
290

THE ARGOSY.

stones and made an aperture through which
he could peer and observe passers; the
highway was fairly well lighted by the glare
of the leaping flames on the hilltop. “ Save
your questions and get your breath and
keep your head down,” he grunted in reply
to Douglass.

  Men, singly and in groups, according to
their ability to make speed, were passing.
They were confused by the conflagration,
which smeared the night skies, and their
excited comments revealed that they were
not sure which one of the stand of Tingley
buildings was on fire.

  “ That’s good!” growled Foster. “ There
will be another critter doing a whole lot of
guessing!”

  “ Sure! And if our guess is right, he’ll
be coming to tend to a matter of business
that’s as much ours as his.”

  The young man was obliged to keep on
guessing for himself. Foster threatened to
bang him on the head with a stone if he
didn’t keep his mouth shut And when
he tried to peep through the crevice in the
wall where Foster was lurking, the boss of
the party rudely pushed him aside.

  He knew by the sounds in the highway
that the principal rush of fire-fighters was
past. Once in a while somebody went
puffing along. Suddenly, Foster yanked
something away from Fogg and leaped over
the wall. A moment or so later he was
back, tussling with a man over whose head
and body a sack had been drawn. “ Take
his feet, Tudge! I’ve got a good grip on
his gullet. Come along!”

  Douglass, marveling, followed behind
into the woods.

  In a deep coppice the bearers dropped
their burden, and Foster stifled the moans
of the unknown with gripping hand.

  “ No talking! No whispering!” said the
boss. “ There’s no telling how much
snooping they’ll do.”

  By this time there was no longer any
glare on the sky; the bam had been mere-
ly a wooden shell, and that shell had been
quickly consumed.

  They who waited in the coppice heard
the shouts of those who were returning
from the fire. They were coming away, it
seemed, with much celerity. In the night

their words carried far, and men frankly
stated that they did not hanker to hang
around the Tingley house in the night,
after the crowd had left.

  When the silence encouraged Foster he
picked up the head and shoulders of the
man in the sack and again Fogg lifted the
other end of the burden; Foster had been
enjoining silence on the captive by occa-
sionally administering slaps or thumps.

  The little procession made its way
through the woods and around To the rear
of the Tingley domain. Every once in a
while Foster stopped and listened. As-
sured, he went on.

  Dull-red coals marked where the barn
had stood. No human forms were silhouet-
ted against the bedded fire; there were no
sounds from the direction of the mansion.

  “ They didn’t lose any time in getting
away. Afraid of ghosts, probably,” com-
mented Mr. Foster. “ Well, in about five
minutes there’s going to be somebody in
that house who’ll be damnation afraid of
something that ain’t ghosts. Lug him
along, Tudge.”

  He stood the sacked captive beside the
ell door and used the skeleton key. He
dragged him in, produced his flash-light,
and yanked off the sack.

  In the circle of the electric dazzle was
revealed the convulsed countenance of Dr.
Abner Sawtell; it was no longer cherubic;
it was ridged with hideous fear; the sack
had tousled the white hair, and spires of
it stood like exclamation-points of terror.

  “ Welcome to our city—I greet you in
behalf of the visiting firemen,” was Mr.
Foster’s grim greeting.

CHAPTER XXL

TREASURE UNLOCKED.

“T ET’S see! You mentioned something
about action, didn’t you?” drawled
Foster, turning to Douglass. “ Well, how
about this?”

  The young man was too astounded to
make any sane rejoinder.

  Dr. Sawtell had not spoken; he stood
there with mouth agape, tottering in an
effort to stand erect.
THE BIG BOSS IN BRONZE.

291

  “We’re much obliged to you for hurry-
ing us up like you did,” pursued Foster.
“ We were sort of ducking the proposition.
It was ticklish to tackle. But it has
worked.”

  “ I can’t see anything in this except a
devilish outrage,” declared the young man.

  “ Barron, I am in dreadful danger! My
boy, protect me,” quavered the doctor.

  The poignant memory'of Dr. Sawtell’s
attitude on the witness-stand was still keen
in Douglass; and there were Squire Nile's
hints! The old lawyer was not a man who
babbled idly.

  “ I call on you as a friend in my need,”
insisted the captive.

  “ God help a man when you call him a
friend and ask him to help you,” rasped
Foster. “ You—” He dealt in furious
oaths. “ Look at me and Fogg, when you
say that!”

  Dr. Sawtell stumbled to a chair and sat
down in it.

  “ You’re talking to a pal of ours—not
to a friend of yours,” put in Fogg.

  “ Hold on! I’m able to speak for my-
self in this thing,” stated Douglass. “ And
I’m going to be almighty open. When you
were on the witness-stand you didn’t do
me one good turn, Dr. Sawtell.”

  “I had to tell the truth.”

  “ I know a little something about law,
sir. You did volunteer certain facts. But
the manner in which you gave them made
them the most damnable kind of false cir-
cumstantial evidenee—and you must have
known that you were putting the wrong
construction on innocence. I say, you did
know it! ”

  “ Hand it to him—he deserves it,” ad-
vised Foster.

  “I’m not*taking your side against this
man,” cried Douglass hotly.

  “ You ought to. You asked for action.
Here it is!”

  “ I’ll have no more of your balderdash.
You have promised to tell me wlio killed
Swinton Tingley. You don’t dare .to in-
timate that Dr. Sawtell had anything to do
with it.”

  “Oh, he didn’t do it! Certainly not!”

  “ I have done nothing,” bleated the doc-
tor.

  “ That’s right, to a certain extent, you
old hellion! But you’re going to do some-
thing almighty soon,” declared Mr. Foster.

  “ They’re wicked men, and you must
save me, Barron!”

  “ You can depend on me to see that
you get fair play, Dr. Sawtell—whatever
this is all about.”

  “Fair play!” repeated Foster, twisting
the Words with nasty sarcasm. “ See here,
Douglass,” he went on savagely, “ it’s
about time for you to wake up and lay off
this story-book hero stuff you’re trying to
pull.”

  “I’m trying to be decent, and if that
kind of stuff belongs in a story, so much
the better for the story,” retorted the
stickler.

  “I’ve read about ’em like you are, but
I’ve never bumped into one before. Now
shut up for a minute! This is no Sunday-
school session. There’s no time for sermons
or long stories.” He turned on the doctor,
who was attempting to plead with Doug-
lass. “ The shut-up orders go for you, too!
There’s going to be a showdown.”

  “ Do your showing, then,” snapped
Douglass.

  “You know that a job was put up on you
before you went away to war—that is to
say, unless your high and mighty ideas have
argued you back into believing that all men
are angels. Do you need any more showing
about that job?”

  “ Not much!”

  “ Believe none of his lies, Barron!” in-
sisted Dr. Sawtell.

  “ The 'big burg has shaped up some able
crooks,” averred the sarcastic Mr. Foster,
“ but, believe me, they can’t shade these
up-State Hesekiahs whose minds are not
taken off their night-time thinking by any
roof-garden show. Douglass, I can tell
the truth when I have to and when it’s for
my own good. I’m handing you stuff that’s
on the dead level.

  “ This grand old doc came down to the
big town and got a line on Fogg and my-
self as handy tongs for a job he had doped.
No matter about how he met us—this story
is going to be short, for there’s business
ahead. . So as to make us feel confidence
in him he wised us about himself. Do you
292

THE ARGOSY.

see the plot thicken, son? Making himself
a bird of a feather and all sociable!”

  The knave menaced the sputtering doc-
tor with his fist and went on.

  “ Told us about one Douglass and how
he had put that poor guy out of the run-
ning in a certain matter where a girl and
a lot of money were concerned, at the same
time getting in a grab at some coin for
himself. Does the old doc love money?
Oh, boy!”

  “ Go on!” Sergeant Douglass, standing
very straight,kept emotion out of his tones.

  “ Doc’s son was going to get the girl,
agreeing with one Tingley to be very nice
about asking foolish questions on money
matters. Girl couldn’t see doc’s son! So
doc, having felt his own pulse and realiz-
ing that the case would prove fatal if he
didn’t get his whack at the cush, proposed
to go at it another way.

  “ That’s where Fogg and I fitted in! In
the mean time, the proposition had jibed
around so that the aforesaid other way
was almighty handy. Estate all in cash,
in a hole in the wall! Ding, ding! Go
ahead! Nothing to it for men like us!
Said he was doctoring the old skinks, prom-
ised to poke him dope good and proper, so
that the job would be an easy one; agreed
to wait down the road near by with his
horse and wagon so that he could flick
the stuff away and hide us till we could
make the divvy and duck.

  “ And we gets the swag—though there
were extra trimmings to the job, like you
know—and we runs and slings it into his
wagon”—the narrator’s voice was steadily
rising until Foster was squalling with ugly
rage—“ and then he larrups his horse and
beats it away and leaves us in the road.”

  “ You didn’t throw it into my wagon!
You’re crazy. It was somebody else’s
wagon.”

  “ You’re a liar! Douglass, I’m giving it
to you straight. He double-crossed us.
Then we cracked that store safe, hoping
to grab off money enough to stay by till
we could get him right. When the papers
printed it about us getting out of State
prison he got his tip and has stayed in
his house till to-night, playing sick, with a
couple of strong-armers he called nurses.

  “ Fogg and I have done a lot of discuss-
ing together, you bet your life. And we
says to each other that he would hide that
swag in the place where there’d be the
least hunting for it. We’ve got brains for
such plays, Fogg and I.”

  “ S-s-s-sure have! ”

  “ Right here on the same premises where
it was taken from—that’s the place! Why
did we come here to hide—why did you

come here, Douglass? It’s the last place
where anybody would expect to find you
or us!

  “ And is it here? How about that fire
to tole him? It was a play we had planned.
I tell you, the swag is here, and he came
hustling to see about it. Condemn you, you
old hyena, it is here! ”

  He doubled his fists and advanced on the
cowering doctor. “ You acted like a hick
slapping his hand on his wallet when he
hears somebody holler £ Pickpocket! ’ It’s
the old game. We tried it. It worked.
Now uncover, or down comes your mansard
front!”

  Dr. Sawtell struggled to his feet. His
fears had produced a reaction of desperate
determination. “ All lies! All lies! My
good name protects me.”

  “Not here—not now!” stated Foster
with vicious emphasis. “ I reckon you
haven’t dared to spend much of that money
—probably you ain’t any readier in letting
go of it than Tingley was. Where is it?”
“ I have none of the money—I don’t
know where it is!”

  “ Then you’re due for a little memory-
refreshing. If you can forget that it was
dumped into your wagon, you can find it
easy to forget where it is. Fogg, accord-
ing to plans—get busy!”

  In spite of his suspicions of the past,
the brutal revelation had so shocked Doug-
lass that speech failed him and his wits
were clearing but slowly.

  He was assured of the selfishness of the
two convicts. They were bringing out all
this stuff for their ends. Who had killed

S	win ton Tingley? They were not hurry-
ing to give him the information that he
was seeking with an eagerness that made
the affair of the money of small account
in his mind. Again he demanded:
THE BIG BOSS IN BRONZE.

298

   “ If you expect me to believe that you’re
a friend of mine, Foster, tell me who those
men in the house—”

  “ All in good time, bo! I’m running
this!”

  “ I’m going to have a hand in it, too,”
insisted Douglass. What their spirit of re-
venge had planned in the case of Dr. Saw-
tell might jeopardize the young man’s in-
terests; he could not afford to be wholly
dependent on such natures as Foster’s and
Fogg’s. When he looked into the beseech-
ing countenance of the doctor he restrained
his own spirit of vengeance,, in order to
employ tactics more shrewd than threats.

   “ I tell you, I’m going to see fair play
here! Dr* Sawtell, it doesn’t seem possi-
ble—it can’t be true what they say! Tell
me the whole truth, and I’ll stand by
you!”

  The captive grasped at the opportunity
to gain a protector. “ I’ll expose them. I
must save myself. Breck Blaisdell and his
brother robbed Tingley and killed him.
Those two men standing there know it,
Barron, and they told me so on that same
dreadful night. Go to Breck Blaisdell and
his brother for that money. Let me out of
here—I had nothing to do with the thing!”

   In that frantic clutching for help—in his
despairing attempt to escape from the
menace that threatened at that moment,
Dr. Sawtell had allowed his tongue too
much liberty in admitting his knowledge of
the perpetrators’ identity.

   Douglass, in the riot of his emotions, did
not bother with what the doctor’s guilt in
the actual robbery might be. “You say you
know that about the Blaisdells—you w,ere
told that—and you went onto the witness-
stand and said what you did about me?
You didn’t start an investigation of the
Blaisdells?”

   “ I had to be careful—they were not ac-
cused,” was Dr. Sawtell’s amazing reply.

  Douglass’s breath was knocked out of
him for a moment.

   “ This seems to be a night for springing
things ahead of scheduled time,” observed
Mr. Foster urbanely. “ What he has just
handed over to you was the prize package
we were saving up to pay you with, Doug-
lass, after the little business of our own had

been attended to. Well, seeing that it has
slipped out, we may as well inform you that
the good old doc, here, isn’t a liar on all
points. Fogg and I found that we were
running against opposition on this project.
We bumped against other parties one night,
took a good look after we had yanked off
their masks, and found some local talent on
the job. And they were sure persistent
cusses, in spite of the scare they got. They
were the guys in the housS when the fire-*
works were touched off. They were the
ones who handed over to us the ‘ tag-
you’re-it ’ hair trunk that Fogg and I later
tossed into the old doc’s wagon, a waiting
in the lane!

  “ But this is simply wasting time on
minor matters that have nothing to do with
the money,” he went on callously. He
rolled up his lip and showed his teeth.
“ Doc, you have had the keeping of a nice
little pet. Now trot it out and let your
friends pat it!”

  “ Barron, I have been honest with you!
I have told you!” pleaded the man who
was threatened. “ I have tried to use
you—”

  “ Like you’d use any floating thing you
could get hold of if you were drowning!
Damn you, Dr. Sawtell!” he shouted. “ I
would have died in State prison, for all the
help you were to me!”

  “Here are your real friends,” purred
Foster, patting his breast.

  “Friends!” raved the victim. “You
renegades simply trod me under to be able
to reach what you are after! If I hadn’t
followed you here to this house, would I
have stood any show? I have had to
fight this thing through for myself—under-
stand? There are five men going into the
hands of the law—and the law will know
what to do!”

  “ Don’t need any more help, hey?” in-
quired Foster.

  “ Not your kind—judging from the sam-
ple I’ve had of it!”

  “ Let me get you right! Going to throw
the gaff into us?”

  “ I’m going to have a square deal, even
if I have to lug you crooks into a court-
room by the scruff of the neck!”

  “ Say, bo, aren’t you making pretty big
294

THE ARGOSY.

talk for a narrow place?” There was threat
in the query.

  But the scapegoat of that infernal
affair was not in a mood to temporize. He
was not dealing in mere bravado, big as his
talk sounded. His troubles had kindled a
hot fire under his determination, to be
sure, but his natural contempt for the men
■whom he had beaten up was his better
reason for taking that attitude; under other
circumstances it might have seemed rash.

“ It’s talk I can back up! ”

   Foster pulled his gun and patted it.

“ Here’s a little guy that you haven’t
counted into the odds.”

   “ I’m getting well acquainted with that
joker, and I’m not afraid of it,” said Doug-
lass scornfully. However, he kept steady
gaze on Foster; he was planning a quick
leap, feeling that if he could secure the
weapon he would have control of the situa-
tion. His close concentration of all his
faculties on Foster was his undoing.

   He did manage to whirl on his heel when
a squawk of warning from the doctor en-
lightened him regarding danger in the rear,
but he was not able to dodge the kitchen
chair that Fogg had raised; Douglass saw
it coming—that was all.

   He was in stifling darkness when his
senses returned. In a moment he realized
that the handy sack had been pulled over
his head and that ropes bound his arms.

   He heard something which distracted his
thoughts from his own sorry plight—a
bodeful, harrowing sound. It was the hid-
eous squealing of a human being in torture.

   Whatever was going on was not near at
hand; in spite of the muffling sack he
realized that much. The dreadful clamor
was under him—in the cellar of. the old
house, he decided. He kicked out his feet
and moved a chair and figured that he was
still in the kitchen where he had been
felled.

   Then the bloodcurdling shrieks in the
inquisition chamber below died into gasp-
ing moans.

   Later he heard feet come trampling up-
stairs and there was a mumbled conference
between men; he could not distinguish the
words.

In a few moments he was lifted and

pushed upon a chair and the sack was
pulled off.

   The lighted lamp, .without its chimney,
flared on the table, and he saw the hair
trunk close by it, opened and revealing the
Tingley treasure. Foster and Fogg were
in the room.

   The former was standing by the table,
propped on his outspread palms. “ The
memory-refresher worked,” he reported,
malice in his grin. “ The old-fashioned way
—it’s always best to stick to the old meth-
ods—saves brain-wear!”

   He pointed to the lamp flame. “ Hard
on the soles of the feet—but saves brain-
wear!” Then he patted the hair trunk..

“ So, you see, bo, we had the good old doc
doped right! He was obliging before he
passed away. He told us which foundation
stone to move in the cellar.”

   “ Has another man been killed on ac-
count of that cursed money?” choked
Douglass.

  “ Certainly not! We simply gave him
a little extra scorch and he fainted. That
was kindness. It saved him from the
wrench of seeing the money lugged off.
Same idea as when he gives ether to his
patients. We’re naturally kind-hearted
when anybody gives us half a chance.”

   He came around the table and stood in
front of Douglass. “ It’s on account of
our kind hearts that you’re sitting up right
now with that sack off. The question is,
are you going ahead and give us half a
chance?”

   The captive made no reply.

   “ Of course, after the way you put it
up to us a little while ago,” proceeded Fos-
ter with victor’s equanimity, “ the perfect-
ly natural thing for Fogg and me to do
would be to walk off and leave you in your
sack and the good old doc in his sog. But
Fogg and I have talked it over. Circum-
stances happened so that we couldn’t de-
liver goods to you, just the way we had
promised. You have had a raw deal all
the way through, no doubt about that!
So, in the interests of a fair play proposi-
tion—that same being a bug with you, it
seems—what say to splitting this swag
three ways?”

  “You whelp!” raged Douglass. “This
THE BIG BOSS- IN BRONZE.	2m

 is just as much robfeery as the first job wasf
 Are you asking me to join in that kind of a
 crime?”

  .“■The thing has become complicated,”
declared Foster, preserving his calmness.
“ You really haven’t any business to- be
here; complicating- things. But, seeing that
you’re here; and the circumstances being
what they are, we’re offering you a third.
Why, that doesn't make you a robber!.
You’re- simply taking it as an agent to hand
it over to the girl. We pity the girl—she
always- gave us a kind smfle, you know.
If you refuse to act for the girl in this
thing, and grab off something for her, you
ought to be ashamed of yourself. Take
your pickings. Then off we go and mind
our business-.m

  In his extremity Douglass forced1 him-
self to hold back what he realfy wanted- to
say. “Yes, off you go! But where does
that leave me fin die eyes, of the law,,
men?”

  “ Oh, you have the doc for a witness,
and the tip- about the BMsdells. They can
be stampeded. Law can do most anything
on a straight tip. Look what it has done to

you>!

  “ You renegades wouldn’t be bothering
to offer to give me one dollar of that money
if you weren’t making it a play to keep- me
off your trail! ”'

   “ Well, if we treat you square-, it’s only
natural to expect that you’ll* show some
man-feeling for two other poor critters.
Fogg and- I may as we® fade out of this
case, Douglass. What’s evidence of State-
prison birds worth in court? Your tip is
enough—with the doc on exhibition.”

   This layman’s crude idea of what consti-
tuted1 evidence offended the embryo law-
yer’s intelligence as acutely as the callous
selfishness provoked his choler.

  But Mr. Foster understood, so he be-
lieved, some of the hidden traits of human
nature; even if he did not grasp the finer
points of law. He caressed the paeket of
bills and began to pile them on the table.

“ There’s nothing like money,” he crooned,
with moist lips. “ Money affi stacked up!
Like this! It ’11 do anything you ask it to
do!1 Baled fun! With a wad of it in
your pocket you can walk anywhere, and

they bow down and do what you ask, give
you what you want when you want it,
every time you wet your thumb and peel-
off a layer.

  “ Douglass, you want to get over the
fool idea that Fogg and I are afraid of
you. You have been tied up long enough
to come to your senses and know that you
ain’t the boss of the outfit any longer.
Look at this sweet stuff! ”

  Both he and Fogg were.bendihg over the
bills, all pressed smooth with a miser’s
loving care. Their attention was wholly
absorbed.

  “ I guess old doe didn’t have the- heart
to spend it! Probably sneaked up here
where no one- would bother him- and had
a gay time counting it over. It’s the hick
idea of how to use money. Look at it,
Douglass-!: Doesn’t it make, your mouth
water?”

  But Douglass was looking at something
which the intently occupied rogues did not
Befiald-. Back in the dimness of the cellar-
way was a face—a contorted, ferocious
visage. It was visible just above the sill!
of the door. Then, a hand appeared; in
it was a revolver, and the hand took aim.
But the weapon was jerked to and fro and
up- and down as crazily as though shaking
palsy were- disabling the hand.

  Douglass felt an itching of apprehension
along his spine; he was in line, almost,
with the foes whom Dr. Sawtell was threat-
ening. Therewas no telling where a bullet
would land when the trigger was pressed
by the finger of the victim whose* nerves
had been so wickedly unstrung by terror
and torture.

  “ We propose to show you, Douglass,
that we’re not a bit afraid of you. We’ll
cut loose the ropes and you can come to
this table and5 sit down and help us count
this noble swag. Probably your fingers are
aching by this time, on account of those
ropes. Too bad! The touch of this money
will1 stop aches better than liniment.”

  The knave had his own sage opinions on
the placatory influence of money in the
fist!

   “ Fogg, take- your knife and cut off those
ropes! This is going to be friendly and
sociable from now on! ”
296

THE ARGOSY.

  Then, repeating the words “ friendly and
sociable,” Mr. Foster reached for his hip
pocket. He looked surprised, and began
to pat himself with both hands in the re-
gion of his other pockets.

  “ Lay off on that rope cutting, Tudge,”
he called.

  But on this occasion, as on all others,
Mr. Fogg had obeyed with instant alacrity
the commands of his boss.

  The ropes were off.

  “Condemn it!” exploded Foster un-
guardedly; “ I laid that gun down when
we were tying up old doc in the cellar!”

  He turned and faced the cellar door.

  The doctor leaped to his feet from his
hands and knees, and the exquisite agony
of his tortured soles when he stood on them
brought a yell of agony out of him. Then
he shouted “Barron!” and flung the re-
volver over the wildly clutching Foster’s
head. The aim was not good, but the
young man knocked Fogg down and caught
the hurtling weapon by a side reach that
would have won applause for a baseball
player.

  Foster was after the gun with a rush.
It was not a time for words. And Doug-
lass was no longer depending on fists. He
leaped to one side. When his attacker
lunged past, unable to stop, the sergeant
deliberately put a bullet into Foster’s leg.

  By the time that Fogg was on his feet
Douglass was posted in a corner of the
kitchen, where more flank attacks would
not endanger him.

  Foster, fallen, was staring wildly, and
Fogg stood in his tracks.

  “ Just a moment, before this goes any
further,” warned the young man. “ I
don’t want to kill off valuable witnesses at
this stage of the game.”

  He “ broke down ” the weapon and took
a quick glance and noted that one cartridge
of the six in the chamber had been ex-
ploded.

  “ I am pretty handy with a gun, men!
I won a regimental prize in France. For
instance!”

  He looked about the room. “ I don’t
think the skeleton key will be needed here
any more.”

  He took aim and fired at the key in the

ell door. The bit of metal was snapped
short off.

  “ I merely want to show that I can plant
four more bullets into your systems where
they will do the most good in making you
behave.”

  “ I’m bleeding to death,” averred Fos-
ter, displaying a blood-spotted hand.

  “ We have a good doctor right on the
premises. I took that into account when
I plugged you! Dr. Sawtell, attend to your
friend. At once!”

  He had seen signs of rebellion on the
doctor’s face. The physician was on his
knees, groaning -with the pain in his feet.
He did not venture to disobey; Sergeant
Douglass, with that gun in his grip, was
plainly not a person to be provoked further
with safety.

  Dr. Sawtell crawled toward his patient.

  “ Fogg, look in that bureau and see if
you can find cloths,” snapped the new boss.
“And do what you can to bandage that
wound.”

  There were towels. When the makeshift
job had been finished, the doctor and Fogg
crouched down on the floor beside Foster.

  Sergeant Douglass sat astride a chair-
back, the revolver dangling significantly
from his fingers. “ I reckon that no talk is
needed. We’ve got to wait till daylight.
This better be a session of—well, silent
prayer,” he advised.

  So far as keeping silent went, they
obeyed his suggestion. They found no
spirit of conciliation in the sergeant’s ex-
pression.

  At last the crevices of the boarded win-
dows were revealed by streaks of light;
dawn was without.

  The spectacle of daylight—significant of
imminent exposure—stirred Dr. Sawtell to
speak.

  “ Barron, I have had plenty of time to
do thinking. But I’m not going to argue
this thing. I have a question to ask. Are
you determined to turn me over to the law,
along with those two men?”

  “ I am absolutely determined, Dr. Saw-
tell. Your decision not to argue is a wise
one.”

  The silence was not broken for a long
time.
THE BIG BOSS IN BRONZE.

297

  “ You may remember that I had some-
thing to say once about the dangers of
temptation,” the doctor ventured. “ The
curse of money—getting money—keeping
money—the curse—it ruined me. And
when money was in my hands I could not
spend it! Look! On the table! Every cent
of Swinton Tingley’s money is there!”
Douglass was silent.

  “ I have prostituted my profession for
money,” whimpered the doctor. “ Cassius
Niles knows. He has been groping in my
affairs. He has been hounding me.”

  “ You had better use a different word
than ‘ hounding ’ when you’re speaking of
an honest man and a square lawyer, sir!”
“ But he has been threatening me.”

  “ Then he must have had good reason.”
“ You know what his reason was,” cried
the doctor, displaying sudden anger. “ You
are too close to him not to know. Don’t
try to make a fool of me. You know, and
that’s why you are stubborn now when I
have asked for mercy. An old man ought
to find mercy.- But I was obliged to fight
back when Niles threatened me. It was
all on your account that he threatened.
But how was I to say anything about the
Tingley case without them getting their law
clutch on me? I had to protect myself!”
“ Yourself first! That’s always been
your play!” growled Foster.

  “ I’m sorry for you, sir—I can say that
much,” put in Douglass. After all, he was
finding it hard to steel himself in the case of
this old man, herded thus with wretches
whose profession was crime.

  “ If that’s the way you feel—” the old
man began to plead.

  “ It’s no use, sir! You’re only making
it worse for both of us. Matters must take
their course.”

  “ Why don’t you show a man’s grit in
taking your medicine?” demanded Foster.

  “ I’m trying my best to put the personal
side of this thing out of my thoughts, Dr.
Sawtell,” stated Douglass. “ I’m proving
it by keeping still now about what you did
to me. But I believe that Cassius Nile is
right, and that there are bigger matters
than my poor affair to be uncovered in this
town. I propose to be able to tell Cassius
Nile that I did my duty.” j

  “ Well, do it, and don’t preach so much
about it,” rasped Mr. Foster, having cal-
lous notions regarding the pros and cons of
chivalrous intent.

  Sergeant Douglass withheld retort.

  Dr. Sawtell held his peace, also, for some
time. Then that bitter spirit of semi-
hysteria that he had shown before flamed.

  “ I don’t know as it makes any difference
what you do, young man, in my case. It
was coming in another way, anyhow,
through that devil of a Cassius Nile, with
his poking and his prying into cumulative
poisons and cumulative evidence.

  “ But I’ll never stand up in court and
have him wag his finger and bark at me.
No, no! I’ve been ready for him! I’m
ready for you, young man! A man must
go,” he babbled on. “ I have seen so many
of them go—and it’s nothing! It’s only
this!”

  He had been fumbling in his waistcoat-
pocket. He held up a small object. He
popped it into his mouth and gulped it
down. He pointed to his bare feet, black-
ened, swollen, seared with the flames from
the lamp. “ I can’t stand the pain any
longer. I can’t stand a lot of other
things! ”

  Douglass jumped to his feet. Even
while, horror-stricken, he realized what the
old physician’s recourse had been when fi-
nally brought to bay, Dr. Sawtell crum-
pled down, rolled over, and lay motion-
less.

  “ Well, I must say he’s a crack shot when
it comes to shooting the pill,” observed
Foster.

  His friend, Fogg, exhibited no especial
discomposure. He went even further in
callous indifference; it'was evident that the
grudge still had its wire edge.

   One little witness took a dose of goo;

  Made a flop and did his duck, and then there
    were two.

  “ If either one of you whelps lets out
another yip till I say the word, I’ll plug
you with lead,” shouted Douglass. “ Lay
a towel over that face!”

  When. Fogg had obeyed, the sergeant sat
down again on guard.

  Day was broadening in mellower tints
THE ARGOSY.

outside; there were- flickers of sunshine
through- the crevices of the boards at the
windows, and dust metes danced in the
radiance of the shafts of light.

  There would be daylight visitors to the
scene of the fire!

  Douglass-, considering that one of his
prisoners was- wounded in the leg, resolved
to wait.

  Between the guard and those he guard-
ed the heaped fortune of old Swinton
Tingley, on the kitchen table, provoked in-
vain the temptation to grab.

CHAPTER XXII.

A DAYLIGHT GHOST.

QfN'CE, Sergeant Douglass had stood
guard over a party of captured Huns.
But they were hypocritically servile, and
their meekness hid sour rebelliousness.

  There was nothing of the sort in the
demeanor of Messrs. • Foster and Fogg..
Their imposed si-Ienee was without sul-
lenness-. Though they were rogues,, they
were practising the philosophy they had
preached to- Dr. Sawtell, and were “ taking
their medicine ” heroically.

  Douglass knew better than to patronize
them as a victor or to condole with the®
as- a sympathizer. He became conscious
that he entertained no more resentment in
their case:. They were returning his gaze
with complacent resignation. With backs
against the kitchen- wall1, they were waiting
without complaint or expostulation.

  Late in the morning the sergeant had
something- to- say to them.

  “ I have tried to play this thing fair,
men. Now I’m going to take into account
what you were up against, after you es-
caped. Your grudge and that money made
you pretty careless about my business.
I’m going to forget it!”

  “ Considering that you’ve said that word
you- mentioned a while ago, and' that a yip
is- probably allowable, I’ll yip ‘ Thanks!1
replied Foster.

  “ I’m going to turn everything over to
Lawyer Nile. I can’t compel you to post
him up on what you know.”

“‘No1 compelling needed'!' You win on

the showdown. We shall shove all our
chips over to- you.”

“ I shall tel! the whole truth to the pris-
on officials. Undter the circumstances,
there’s no knowing what Squire Nile may
be able to do for you, in your own affairs.”
“ All small favors gratefully received! ”

  “ Sure! ” affirmed Mr. Fogg.

  “ And now, having done a little some-
thing with unfinished business, I’d like to
make a remark for the good of.the order
—wkkmt rising,” proffered Foster, mov-
ing his wounded leg with a. grunt.

  Douglass nodded permission.

  “ There are beef sandwiches in that cup-
board over your head.”

  The young man was weak wife hunger.
He scaled a sandwich to> each of Ms pris-
oners and took one for himself. While he
was munching he heard the voices <jf chil-
dren outside. He had1 anticipated* thaf
children, seizing on an opportunity before
school-time, would make early visit to the
scene of the affair that had- interested their
elders so much the night before. Douglass
was in need" of a messenger.

  But when he had pushed aside the
boards that he had loosened in order to
force his entrance into- the mansion-, the
children shrieked and fled from this day-
light ghost, and his wild appeals only urged
them to more frenzied flight.

  He was obliged to. content himself with
the thought that the story they would'
spread would bring grown-ups to the place
in hot haste.

  So, with the crowbar with which- he had
gained entrance, he knocked all the boards
off the window, stood in plain sight, and
waited.

  After a time a few of the nearer neigh-
bors appeared in the highway and prudent-
ly lingered there. The group had become
-a considerable crowd when Constable Nute
came whipping his horse up the long hill
from the. village.

  After he had hitched- the animal in front
of the gate, the constable was so exasper-
atingly slow in advancing that Douglass
urged him t® hurry, repeatedly announcing
his identity.

  “ You may be ‘ Bad’ Douglass, but, by
swanny, you don’t look like Mas,” declared
THE BIG BOSS IN BRONZE.

299

Mr. Nute skeptically. “ No wonder you
scared the little tykes!”

  “ I’m not trying to frame any beauty
tableau in this window, Nute! I have two
prisoners to turn over to you—I shall turn
myself over, too. And Dr. Sawtell has com-
mitted suicide here. Send for the medical
examiner. For the love of the Lord, man,
get a move on! I ask only one favor
for myself. I have an idea that Squire Nile
is at the county seat. Wire him to rush
here at once.”

  Constable Nute’s slow mind had not be-
gun to digest the heavier chunks of the in-
formation that Douglass had fed out. But
the matter of Squire Nile was one that he
could handle easily.

  “ No need of spending money for tele-
graphs when he’s right here at home: I
just left him in Judge Bragg’s office where
he is representing Nina Bingham in talking
over the insurance on the barn. She is back
home here, and—”

  “ Nina Bingham!” Douglass yelped the
words, and leaned far out of the window.

  “ Squire Nile brought her with him on
the late train last night, and I don’t see
anything to be excited about because she’s
back here in her own home town. And now
to get down to something that’s really im-
portant and—”

  “ Nina Bingham!” The sergeant banged
the butt of the revolver on the window-sill,
like a crazy moderator calling for the main
question. “ How—how—how—”

  “ Well, ask her how, seeing that you’re
bound and determined to fool away time
on things that don’t amount to a hoot when
here lies Doc Sawtell, and—”

  He came closer to the window when
Douglass continued to rail.

  “ I tell you to ask her how, whatever
your howlaferoopus is all about! There
she comes with the squire and the judge—
to adjust her insurance, probably.”

  To adjust insurance!

  Rather, so the frenzied lover thought,
to adjust the universe which had been so
infernally out of joint since she had
dropped from the State-prison wall!

  With dim eyes he beheld her running to-
ward the old mansion, as if his wild calling
of her name had summoned her. Behind

was Squire Nile, and the trial justice fol-
lowed with dignity’s slower pace.

  She was showing none of Constable
Nute’s doubts about the identity of the
haggard face in the window.

  She ran toward Douglass with arms-out-
stretched, and he leaned low and clasped
her when she was in his reach.

  Under calmer circumstances, when tu-
mult of soul was not sweeping all consid-
erations other than her own dear self out
of his mind, he would have paused to re-
flect on the distressing spectacle her eyes
might find in the old kitchen. Now he did
not stop to think. He swept her up and
swung her through the window to him-
self.

  “ Tudge, be a gent, and keep your eyes
on the ceiling,” counseled Mr. Foster in an
undertone.

  “ Look, Nina! On the table! ” he choked,
trying to turn her head with the hand that
he pressed against her cheek. “ It’s your
fortune! I have been guarding it for you.
Look!”

  But she would not turn her head. She
set her arms more tightly around his neck.
“ Do you think I can look at anything ex-
cept you now, Barron? I have found you
again. I have found you! ”

  “ Showing that true love,” whispered Mr.
Fogg to his friend, “ can’t be depended on
to help the barber business. She—she
hasn’t noticed how much he needs a
shave!”

  The fact that a girl had entered the grim
place, though involuntarily, emboldened
Constable Nute, and he came clambering
over the sill; Squire Nile followed.

  “ For God’s sake, squire,” pleaded Ser-
geant Douglass, sobbing when he saw this
sturdy stand-by at his side and felt the pat
of the lawyer’s consoling palm, “ take them
all in your hands—these troubles—my in-
nocence—take them in your hands!”

  “ Of course, bub, don’t worry! I’ll take
everything into my hands. Your own
seem to be pretty well occupied right now.
What say!”

  The squire set himself in command of
that situation with the same decisiveness
that characterized him as the autocrat of
Canton’s town-meetings.
300

THE ARGOSY.

  By his orders the gathering throngs out-
side the mansion were kept back from the
window.

  Men and women and children, hurrying
up from the village by the highway and
along the lanes from .the farms that sur-
rounded the Tingley estate—the flocking
populace arrived and massed in the yard.
They stared at the open window—an
empty orifice at which no face appeared—
and wondered what was going on within.

  After a time Squire Nile showed himself
and propped his hands on the sill and quiet-
ed all their murmurings with the command-
ing air he customarily assumed on the town
hall rostrum.

  “ Nute,” he commanded the constable
outside the window, after a searching in-
spection of the crowd, “ pick out two help-
ers and stand ready for your orders.”

  The red beard of Breck Blaisdell signaled
that person’s presence in the onlookers; his
brother was beside him.

    They’re here for news—and they’ll get
some hot intelligence,” muttered the law-
yer.

  He raised his voice and addressed the
citizens of Canton:

  “ Listen, sharply, men and women! You
are going to hear something that’s bad for
the pride and self-respect of the decent
ones among you, but good for the souls of
all of you! And let gossip in this town get
a thing right for once.”

  Bitter sarcasm marked his tone: “ Listen
and be ashamed, if shame is in you! Bar-
ron Douglass is home again—here in this
house. Abner Sawtell is in this house—
dead by his own hand-^and his crimes will
be made known in due course. When they
are known you will understand how much
Barron Douglass has been abused in his old
home.

  “ In this house are two men who know
who robbed and killed Swinton Tingley.
Step forward here!” he called over his
shoulder.

  Foster and Fogg showed impassive faces
at the window.

  “ If two men in the town of Canton
didn’t get a good look at these faces down
under those pines yonder, the night Swin-
ton Tingley was killed, I ask those men

to take that look now. I’ll give ’em a
chance for closer study. Nute, bring
Breck Blaisdell and his brother up to this

window!”

  As if it were a grim afterthought, he add-
ed: “ And whilst you’re about it, arrest the
Blaisdells for the murder and robbery of
Swinton Tingley. I accuse them, and I’ll
be able to back up the charge.”

  Squire Nile had staged his little drama
well; the surprise was effective. .

  Constable Nute and his helpers went
about their business warily, but the broth-
ers did not offer protest or resistance. They
stood close to each other when their towns-
people edged away from them; this public,
sudden, amazing denunciation—this ex-
posure of their conscious guilt had stunned
them, as a hammer blow stuns an ox that
stands in stupid torpor for a moment before
falling.

  In. the silence the squire flung this final
advice at the crowd:

  “ Better go home, you folks, and say to
yourselves the things I haven’t got time to
say.”

  Until late that evening Squire Nile en-
tertained two select guests in his office.

  Sergeant Douglass held Nina’s hands
clutched in his broad fist, as if he feared
that he might lose her again.

  The door of the office was locked, but
the windows were open to let the Indian
summer blandness in and to permit the
clouds from the squire’s pipe to escape.
The lawyer was at his desk, his back con-
siderately turned on the couple. He was
docketing various telegrams and the replies
thereto. Demands sufficiently insistent and
preliminary reports properly -authentic had
availed importantly in temporarily restor-
ing rights to a citizen who had been un-
justly convicted of a crime.

  “ Paroled in charge of counsel!”

  That allowance by the law—a bit irreg-
ular, considering the precipitateness of the
demand—ameliorated Douglass’s condition
till further steps for his complete justifica-
tion could be taken.

  At the first opportunity the girl had told
him her story.

  She put her fingers across his lips when
THE BIG BOSS IN BRONZE.

301

he tried to express his complex feelings in
regard to that sacrifice she had rashly of-
fered in his behalf.

  She explained that she had fled from the
foot of the wall, thinking that she had en-
countered a guard, and hoping that all
attention by pursuers would be centered on
her trail.

  “ And why should I not have done so,
Barron? I went with you to help, not to
hinder! ”

  “ That’s the talk, my girl!” commented
the squire over his shoulder. - “ And if you
could start in that way with a mere convict,
it ought to be pretty easy to keep on in the
same way with a good husband! Eh?
What say!”

  She abandoned her convict promptly;
she hurried across the room and kissed
the squire’s wrinkled cheek on the spot
where Douglass’s lips had sealed the giving
of that “ honor badge of unselfish friend-
ship.”

  Two days afterward the Blaisdells con-
fessed in the county jail; the squire ex-
pected that they would do so—he pre-
dicted it.

  “ It comes from the psychology of a
guilty conscience that has gnawed and
gnawed until there’s nothing left except an
empty shell that still presents a surface
to the sight of men,” he philosophized.
“ Then one good, unexpected wallop caves
it all in! Abner Sawtell caved, too, after
his own method!”

  That confession of the Blaisdells had
lifted one especial cloud from Nina’s mind,
long troubled by the confused memories of
that tragic night. Breck Blaisdell, explain-
ing how the two were trying to save them-

selves from the attack by the crazed miser,
said that he had wrested the revolver away
from Nina Bingham and had used it in
“ self-defense.”

  “ Oh, well,” declared Mr. Foster in his
farewell interview with the squire and
Douglass, “ Fogg and I can’t expect much
of anything, anyway. If there’s any
chance for us in that new parole law you’re
speaking of, well and good. If-we manage
to get out I guess we can be depended on
to stay good. When we’ll blow a safe for
a set of old maid’s frizzes and let ourselves
be hinkydinked into tossing good money
into the tail-end of a buggy, it looks like
we had lost our grip and had got to stay
honest.”

  On their wedding journey Barron Doug-
lass and his bride stopped over at the State
capital.

  Under the benison of a cloudless sky they
sat in the little grove and gazed up at the
bronze face that blessed them with its
serenity.

  Sergeant Douglass stood very straight
and snapped a salute when he and Nina
were ready to leave.

  “ It’s great stuff—the kind that a com-
mander-in-chief like the* Big Boss puts into
a chap, Nina!

  “ Why, after I had talked with him here
in the night and the rain, I just couldn’t
quit!”

  Then he tucked her hand into the crook
of his elbow.

  “ Do you mind my asking you to take a
stroll before we go back to the hotel, sweet-

heart? I want to pay a bill that I owe
down at a tool shop.”

  (The End.)

Keep it in mind till you've read
it, and then you’ll never forget!

 “ NAKED MEN OF NAGA”

 BY GORDON MacCREAGH

BEGINS APRIL 17

t	■"	'	“7	—	~-
(HBy tke wEdilor

“ ALD TIMER,” writing from Stuyvesant, New York, while snow-bound, suggests
that I “ start an argument ” as to who is the oldest reader of The Argosy.
He frankly informs me that he doesn’t know where he stands in that respect
himself, and asks me to inform him how old a reader of our magazine he must be
from the data that he Will be forty-nine next month, and remembers reading The
Argosy as a small boy. With no more definite information than this to build upon,
I think he must see the blue ribbon borne off by some other member of—shall I
say, our long-distance clientele.

     I also have a letter from E. L. Walb, Oneonta, New York, who says that he was
a reader of Peterson’s, one of the two oldest magazines in America before it was
merged with The Argosy in 1898, and has been an Argosy reader continuously from
that date. I take this opportunity to reply to the query of a correspondent in Atlantic
City who wishes to know if The Argosy has always been a weekly.. Possibly my
answer that it was started as such December 2, 1882, became a monthly with the
April number, 1894, and resumed weekly issue October 6, 1917, may quicken my
Stuyvesant friend’s recollection regarding his own Argosy past.

&	S	&

    A grim and a tragic jest it was which made of Dan Corwin a pariah even to
his own soul, spanning the bridge of his dreams, in very truth, with a ladder of
broken rungs.

“THE BUTT OF NEPTUNE’S JEST”

BY GEORGE MARIANO

is, as its title implies, a story of ships and the sea, of storm and smooth water, yet
fanged with hidden shoals, strewn broadcast with the flotsam of scattered hopes.
This is drama, tense and powerful, the sort of a story that grips by reason of its
sheer spell of absorbing human interest. The first of six satisfying instalments of
this impressive serial appears in The Argosy for April 3.

g	-jt	s

     In these days of high living costs I imagine that not a few of us would think
twice before refusing a sinecure which paid five “ iron men ” per diem merely for the
exertion of sleeping in the daytime and the consumption of three well-rounded
“ squares ” a day. This is your introduction to

“THE GRAVEYARD WATCH”

BY JOHN D. SWAIN

Author of “ Alone in Boston,” etc.

our complete novelette for April 3, and I fancy that it appealed to Tim Cannon,
ex-bounper of the Golden Calf, who, however, counted without his host, or, rather,
THE LOG-BOOK.

303

hostess, in a manner of speaking. And as for a visitor or two to his perfectly appointed
residence, which, in the words of Asa White, needed only a wife to make it a home.
Well, Tim, as the saying is, found himself speedily a reception committee of one for
as variegated an assortment, of battle, murder, and sudden death as one could well
imagine. This is told as only this writer can tell it.

S	£

     Not within my recollection have I been able to offer you so sterling a collection
of short stories of all varieties as in next week’s issue of The Argosy. In the way
of crime you will find it hard to beat in cleverness the scheme put through by Maxwell
Smith, who wrote “ JUST A LITTLE THING,” a scheme I defy you to divine until
you reach the author’s own account of it. Then in romance there are*few things more
delicate in touch than Katharine Haviland Taylor’s “ AND SOME FELL UPON
GOOD GROUND,” a tale which is likewise permeated with a keen sense of comedy
not often combined with the pathos that rings so true in this striking narrative of two
generations. Humor and the movies both crop up in “ THE WHISKERING CHIN,”
quite different, yet equally entertaining account of Joe Conner’s experiences with the
Giles Confidential Detective Agency, for which Raymond J. Brown is responsible.

COMPLAINS OF A SEA STORY
SHORTAGE

Boston, Massachusetts.

  Just a word to say what I think of The Argosy.
I have been reading it for the past year, but have
never as yet subscribed to it. But I hope to do
so soon. During the strike I was very much
disappointed in not being able to get my magazine
every week, but when they do come I surely do
enjoy many a pleasant evening. If I come across
a story or serial I don’t like, I don’t read it, but
I know that other people will enjoy it if I don’t.

  There is only one thing I don’t like, and that
is there are not enough sea stories. I sure would
like to have a good sea serial-story or novelette
rather than short stories. Detective stories are
usually too dry and uninteresting for me, but
cheer up, I am not the only one reading your
great magazine in the world.

Yours for more luck and sea stories. H. E. B.

“ SUCH KNOCKING I NEVER
SAW ”

Plainfield, New Jersey.

  It’s a long time since I wrote to the Log-Book.
But things in it now are getting my goat. Such
knocking I never saw. I like all the stories in
The Argosy. Sometimes I strike one that I don’t
care for; but the book wasn’t printed for me
alone. There are others that like stories that I
don’t, so I let it go at that. I read the book from
cover to cover,-and have taken it since it first
came out. Some people would kick if they were
playing football.

  Have just read a letter signed Flora Watson
Morgan, and want to say I agree with her, and
think she was fine in writing to the boys. What
difference if she knew them or not? When they
went to fight they didn’t go for any special one,
but went to fight for all of us.

  I had a dear friend in the army over there
who said their letters were the best things they
got. Just below her letter was one from a soldier
who agrees with this girl from thi West. Some

                                /

              dt

soldier! There may be worthless characters in the
army, as he insinuates, but I know lots of cases
where they come back more of men than when
they went. It’s best to be sure we are all right
ourselves before we criticize others.

I guess this letter will never go in the Log-
Book, but I hope it dqes, for I hate knocking.
Why spoil a good book with such punk stuff.

Lillian M. Willis.

PAPER TOO SCARCE FOR MORE
POEMS NOW

Marion, Ohio.

I buy a copy of each issue of The Argosy and
find the stwies very enjoyable, but I think this
magazine like so many others of the country
makes a mistake by not publishing more poetry.
A couple of pages of good human interest verse,
not odes to the moon, et cetera, but out-of-door
poetry, I believe would pay. The editor who
thinks that people do not like poetry is fooling
himself. I once owned a bookstore, and sold
more books of poems than any other line. Educa-
tors say that poetry is on the increase, and the
world certainly needs more true poets.

I think the stories in The Argosy are fine, and
I am just mentioning the publication of more
verse as a suggestion.

The Columbus Evening Dispatch publishes a
poem on its editorial page every day, and I
know my children look for the poem, and it is
usually read out loud before the news is touched.

Wishing The Argosy great success,

George Chapman.

THE ARGOSY’S BEST AND
WORST STORY

St. Paul, Minnesota.

This is my first attempt as a contributor to the
Log-Book. I have read your magazine for about
five years, and The Argosy is the best magazine
on the market, bar none.

Now, Mr. Editor, I have a suggestion to make.
Would it not be a good idea for readers to express

/ /•'.
<S04

THE ARGOSY.

j their opinion in the Log-Book as to what was the
best story they ever read in The Argosy, and
also the poorest? The best story that I ever read
was “ The Golden Cat,” by George F. Worts,
which in my estimation even surpassed Zane
Grey’s “ Last of the Duanes.” “ Luck,” by John
Frederick, was also some tale, and I am glad to
hear that there is to be a sequel. Do not care
much for Seltzer’s stories, as he seems to write
in the same rut.

  There was one story that was not up to The
Argosy requirements, and that was Edgar Frank-
lin’s “ Everything but the Truth.” It was the
most foolish and senseless story I have ever read,
but I guarantee it would make a great hit on the
stage. Here’s hoping that we have more from
Peter Moore.	Paul Craig.

  “ Everything but the Truth ” has received more
praise than any other of Franklin’s stories we have
printed. But Mr. Craig is, of course, entitled to his
opinion, and I shall be glad to have other candi-
dates join this “ best ” and “ worst ” contest.

RECTIFYING “ ROCKY ”
MOUNTAINS

Albee, Oregon.

   Well, I guess the joke is on me, all right, but
I certainly know and have always known, as
long as I can remember, that I live in the Blue
Mountains. I didn’t notice, until I saw my letter
in print, that I had written Rocky instead of
Blue, and I laughed about it then. Does that
satisfy you, E. P. B.? I have lived at least in
sight of these same Blue Mountains almost my
entire life.

  And as for book learning, I can’t see that it
takes a great deal of that to know where you
live. I am not one of the fortunate people who
never make mistakes, but I have never yet been
ill-bred enough to write such a letter that I was
ashamed to sign my name to it.

  I have read The Argosy for about fourteen
years, and never realized what it would be to
do without it until it missed coming on account
of the strike. We. sure did appreciate it when it
started in again.

  I am afraid there isn’t any fault I can find
in The Argosy, although there are some stories
that I don’t care for. But that is to be expected.
Just finished “Drag Harlan,” and “The Golden
Cat ” a short time ago. They were specially good,
and I hope that our friend, Peter Moore will
decide again, in the near future, to visit China,
and we will read of his adventures.

  With Mrs. P. I. W. and others I must say I
was very much disappointed in the finish of
“ Luck,” although otherwise I liked the story very
much. I’m very glad there is to be a sequel, and
I think Jack deserved better treatment than she
received in “ Luck.”

  I guess I have taken up enough of your time,
so will close with the very best wishes for our
friend, The Argosy. (Mrs.) Chris. Sturn.

STILL BACKING ITS NAME '

.	Battle Creek, Michigan.

  Regarding the fact that I am an old customer
of the good old Argosy, and also that I have never
had my say-so in the Log-Book, I think it my

duty to contribute to you the plain facts regarding
the same. To begin with, I am not saying enough
when I say that The Argosy is the best magazine
to be had anywhere in our U. S. A. This refers to
your authors also.

 The Asgosy was my pal when it was The
Golden Argosy. I still remember the stories that
were issued at that time. “The Year 2000” was one
of the many that I distinctly remember. If I
would start telling them all, I would keep you
reading all night. I will say that The Argosy still
backs its good faithful name by giving its readers
some of the best reading to be found in this
country.

  My friends all read The Argosy because they
know a good magazine when they see it. Will you
please tell me what has become of Albert Payson
Terhune? I am anxious to read another story of
his.

  I have read the Log-Book over lots of times,
and I find that some people like to kick about this
story and that. My opinion is that if I see a story

  do not like I do not say anything, because the
same story may more than please some one else.
I know positively that The Argosy would not
print rotten stories. Its reputation is too great to
try such a venture. The Asgosy is still the
greatest of its kind; the cleanest, wholesome and
most true American stories that are being printed
to-day. So tell me where a kicker has any
argument.	R. B. Shims.

  Mr. Terhune is a very, busy man in many lines,
but has promised to write us another story as soon
as he can get around to it.

LOG-BOOK JOTTINGS

  First Cl. Pvt. David Perlow, Honolulu, Hawaii,
writes that although there are magazines of all
kmds^ at the military post, The Argosy i§ the
favorite, and that when the mail arrives from the
States the soldiers all make a dash for it Mrs
Annie S. Nixon, Granite Pass, Oregon, resides in
the beautiful Rogue River Valley, with the Pacific
Ocean only about forty miles away, and although
she has lived in the far-famed California and
Hawaiian Islands, she is still busy with the south-
ern Oregon slogan, * It’s the climate; come and
enjoy it.” Incidentally she revels in the Lo<^
Book. Walter A. Fultz, Royal Center, Indiana,
havmg been a soldier in the great war, particularly
appreciated “Soldier Boy’s Sister’s” letter in the
Log of January 10, having known what a good,
cheery letter meant in circumstances like those.
Arthur Royce, the Bronx, New York, another
soldier, away from homo with' the Canadian army,
writes to tell me that he “ missed your wonderful
book for thirty-three months, and was glad to get
back to it again. A booster (who does not wish
her name published), from Kent, Ohio, avers that
The Argosy is not only entertaining, but educa-
tional as well, the wide scope of the stories
enabling readers to become acquainted with the
people and their customs of many different lands.
Carl Strasser, Lafayette, Indiana, thinks it right
and proper for girls to powder, and admired the
way m which two girls in the January 17 Log
stood up for this feminine habit. Frank L.
Vaughn, Oklahoma City, is informed that The
Argosy has printed several stories of the oil-fields
in the past, and will offer its readers others about
the same great industry in the future.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

“I’m as Good a Man as Jim!”

‘They made him manager today, at a fine increase in salary. He’s the fourth man
in the office to be promoted since January. And all were picked for the same reason—
they had studied in spare time with the International Correspondence Schools and
learned to do some one thing better than the rest of us.

I’ve thought it all out, Grace. I’m as good a man as any one of them. All I need
is special training—and I’m going to get it. If the I. C. S. can raise other men’s salaries
it can raise mine. If it can bring a better home with more comforts to Jim and his
family it can do it for us. See this coupon?	tear out ---------

It means my start toward a better job and I’m J INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

going to mail it to Scranton tonight!” |

Thousands of men now know the joy of happy, |
prosperous homes because they let the Interna- i
tional Correspondence Schools prepare them in
spare hours for bigger work and better pay. You
will find them in offices, shops, stores, mills,
mines, factories, on railroads —everywhere.

Why don’t you study some one thing and get
ready for a real job, at a salary that will give your j
wife and children the things you would like them
to have?

You can do it! Pick the position you want in
the work you like best and the I. C. S. will pre-
pare you for it right in your own home, in your
spare time—you need not lose a day or a dollar
from your present occupation.

Yes, you can do it! More than a million have
done it in the last twenty-eight years. More than
100,000 are doing it right now. Join them without
another day’s delay. Mark and mail this coupon !

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS
Scranton, Pa,	Montreal, Can*

BOX 2140-B SCRANTON, PA.

  Explain, without obligating me, how I can qualify for the posl*
  tion, or in the subject, before which I mark X*

   ELECTRICAL ENGINEER
   Electric Lighting and Railways
   _ Electric Wiring
   □ Telegraph Engineer
   Telephone Work
   MECHANICAL ENGINEER
   Mechanical Draftsman
   Machine Shop Practice
   Toolmaker
   Gas Engine Operating
   CIVIL ENGINEER
   Surveying and Mapping
   MINE FOREMAN OR ENGINEER
   STATIONARY ENGINEER
   Marine Engineer
   Ship Draftsman
   ARCHITECT
   Contractor and Builder
   Architectural Draftsman
   Concrete Builder
   Structural Engineer
   PLUMBING AND HEATING
   Sheet Metal Worker
   Textile Overseer or Supt,

  CHEMIST
  Mathematics

  SALESMANSHIP
  ADVERTISING
  Window Trimmer
  Show Card Writer
  Sign Painter
  Railroad Trainman
  ILLUSTRATING
  Cartooning
  BUSINESS MANAGEMENT
  Private Secretary
  BOOKKEEPER
  Stenographer and Typist
  Cert. Public Accountant
  TRAFFIC MANAGER
  Railway Accountant

   _ Commercial Law -

  □	GOOD ENGLISH

   □	Teacher

   Common School Subjects
   CIVIL SERVICE
   Railway Mail Clerk
   AUTOMOBILE OPERATING

   _Anto Repairing

   □	Navigation I □ Spanish

   □	AGRICULTURE (□ French

   □	Poultry Raisin? !□ Italian

Name               
Present            
Occuoation._       
Street             
and No. _          
City.. _     Stat* 
Canadians may send this coupon to	7-2e»t3

fiUemationai Correspondence Schools, Montreal, Canada

 In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention', this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

iDlAMONDlllwrCHESi

ten payment plan

y Ihfo Yearly Increase Guaranteed

.20'

 SPECIAL TERMS—Ten months’

  credit 011 any article selected from the SWEET
                     catalog. No money in advance. 10% dis-
                     , count for cash. Shipment
                     made for your examination.
                     First payment to be made
                     only after you have convinc-
                     ed yourself that SWEET
                     values cannot be equaled.

                     If not what you wish return
                     at our expense.

                   Any diamond bought of us
                   may be returned for ex-
                   change at an increased val-
                   ue of 7%% more than you
                   paid.

               No Red Tape-No Delay =

                      Every transaction CONFIDEN-
                      TIAL. You don’t do justice to
                      yourself and your dollars unless
                      you inspect our unusual values
                      in Diamonds, Watches, Jewelry,
                      Silverware, etc.

                Send TODAY for SWEET
 De Luxe Catalog:. Write
 like $350.00 Solitaire. NOW to Dept. 82H.

   Price $77.50 Liberty Bonds accepted at face value

 V y Th E HOUSE OF q>UALITy>

LW-sweet&C®.

 2-4 MAIDEN LANE,NEW YORK

 giiniiiiiuiimiiiiiinnininiiiiniiiinniiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiif5i

Sweet* 8 Cluster;

7 Fine Diamonds, set
in Platinum. Looks

FINGER PRINT

EXPERT/M

  Factory fJ?Rider

 SAVES YOU MONEY

 Buy direct and save $10 to $20 on a bicycle. RAN*
     GER BICYCLES now come in 44 styles, colors
     and sizes. WE DELIVER FREE to you on <zjn
     proval and SO days’ trial and riding test.

    Easv Payments if,desired,atasmall

                       advance over oor
    special Factory-to-Rider cash prices.
    TIDCC lamps, wheels, parts and sappliea
    I IIIWv at half usual prices in our Bis
    FREE Catalog.

     Do not buy a bicycle, tires, or sundries
     until you get our wonderful new offers, low
     factory prices and liberal terms.

  ME1 A ri CYCLE COMPANY
  Ivl CiM ft# Dept.C30 Chicago

 Earn $2500 to $5000 a Year

 You, too, can become a Fingerprint %%
 Expert. Learn in few weeks—no pre-
 vious experience necessary. Our graduates
 placed at once in big paying positions.

 Big Demand for Experts. Hundreds being
 sought by ablg corporations. Finger print
 identification being applied to big business
 everywhere.

  Train Yourself in Sparc Time. At small cost
  and a few hours study at home,••you can fit

  Vftnrspl'f IWrfarvH'W tr\m 4-V^r.

ivao	uie oyH tern in

 hundreds of men in big positions.

  FREE. Send for interesting book, “Finger Print
  Facts’* and Special 30 Day Offer. Get in a pro-
  fession that’s not overcrowded. Write today.

 FEDERAL FINGER PRINT INSTITUTE, Inc.
 634 Kemper Bidg.	Kansas City. Ho.

MAPJr

$348

 Beautiful pants to your order, of fine qual-
 ity striped worsteds, through and through

  weaves for dress or business, guaranteed to give
  you two solid years satisfying wear or MONEY
  BACK, tailored any style or size —No Extra
  Charges—parcel post or express prepaid. Biggest
  $8.00 value ever offered or money
  back. Write for 60 cloth samples.

 Free Special THIRTY DAY TRIAL
 OFFER, one Pair to a customer,

 Makp Rin MAIVJFY You can earn $25 to $50

 ifldnc Wiy JTIvIIIjI a week sending orders
 for your relatives and friends. Your spare time
 will do. COMPLETE OUTFIT and simple direc-
 tions in first mail—FREE. Send us your name—
 TODAY.

CHICAGO TAILORS ASSOCIATION

  515 S. Franklin Street, Dept. C-649, Chicago

GET WELL-BE YOUNG-GROW TALL

 This University I
 discovery is the 1

 most important health Invention of the century. It remakes and rejuvenates the
 Human Body. It produces normal spines. It frees impinged and irritated nerves,
 corrects contracted muscles, shortened ligaments, eliminates congestion, improves
 circulation and dminage of the body. It will increase the body’s length.
 THE PANDICULATOR CO., 250 Advance Bldg.f Cleveland, O.

6 \ I/I? VAT ID B ATI V Conserve Your Health
OtXlIL I If UK DUif I and Efficiency First

“I Would Not Part With It For $10,000”

             So writes an enthusiastic, grateful customer. “Worth more than a farm” says
             another. In like manner testify over 100,000 people who have worn it.

The Natural Body Brace

             Overcomes WEAKNESS and ORGANIC AILMENTS of WOMEN and MEN. Develops
             erect, graceful figure. Brings restful relief, comfort, ability to do things, health and strength.

              Wear It 30 Days Free at Our Expense standing ^and walking; replaces and

                  rSupports misplaced internal organs; reduces enlarged abdomen; straightens and strengthens the back;
                  corrects stooping shoulders; develops lungs chest and bust; relieves backache, curvatures, nervousness,
                  raptures, constipation, after effects of Flu. Comfortable and easy to wear. KEEP YOURSELF
                  FIT. Write today for illustrated booklet, measurement blank,etc., and read our very liberal proposition.

              HOWARD C. RASH, Pres. Natural Body Brace Co., 227 Rash Bidg., Salina, Kansas

 In answering any advertisement on this $age it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

      m

Learn to judge Diamonds. Then you
will know how to buy economically for
yourself or a present.

     WRITE FOR

THE ROYAL CATALOG

           It is packed full of interesting, solid
           facts regarding1 Diamonds. Watches
           and Jewelry. Tells you how to buy
           at bottom prices and save money;
           how to open a charg’e account and
           pay as you like, by the month or
           week. Send for your copy today. It
           is free—ask for Edition 112.

ROVajl DIAMOND &WcoH

_ _ '	- ESTABLISHED /095 -	^

>35 MAIDEN LANE — NEW YORK

 Cut oat this ad and mail it to us, with your name and
 address (no money); and we will send you our FAMOUS
 KARNAK RAZOR by return mail, postpaid. You may use
 the razor for 30 days FREE; then if you like it, pay us
 $1.85. If you don’t like it return it. SEND NO MONEY.

 MORE COMPANY. Dept. 453 St. Louis, Mo.

5 YEAR

Guarantee

Learn niisic

WITHOUT
A TEACHER

     New way. Any instrument you like now made easy.
  Piano, Organ. Violin, Banjo, Mandolin, Cornet, Harp,
  ’Cello, Ukelele, Saxophone, Piccolo, Clarinet, Flute,
  Trombone, Guitar, or Singing, all by note. Don’t even
  need to know one note from another to begin. Lessons
  by mail in simplified chart and picture form take you
  Btep by step, and make every step as simple and clear
  as ABC. Prepared by foremost musicians. Over
  225,000 people, from' seven years old to seventy,
  have learned through these simple lessons. Many have
  . become teachers. This new method succeeds even after
  old methods of personal instruction fail. Entire course
  on trial—you to be the judge and jury; averages only
  a few cents a week if satisfied and nothing whatever
  if not. Instruments supplied when needed, cash or
  credit.

     Free book shows how simple and easy it is and
  gives full information. Special introductory offer if
  you answer at once. Write today, then judge for
  yourself. No obligation. Address

U. S. SCHOOL OF MUSK

723 Brunswick Bldg.,

 New York City

The Dollar Value of
High School Training

 WAVE you ever thought why

     so many employers demand a
 High School training of their employees—
 why the lack of it bars you from the best
 positions? Take English and Mathematics,
 for example. What high-grade position—
 such as accounting, engineering or execu-
 tive work—can be handled rightly without
 a knowledge of mathematics? How can
 costs, operating expenses and overhead be
 accurately computed without it? How can
 you write good business letters and reports
 or sell goods without a command of English?
 There is a positive cash value to having a High
 School training. It means many more dollars to
 you, because it throws open to you high-grade posi-
 tions from which you are now barred.

Don’t Be Handicapped

  Thousands like YOU—who were laboring under the
  handicap of not having had a High School training
  —have taken advantage of the American School
  course and REMOVED THEIR HANDICAPS.
  This course has been specially prepared for home
  study by noted professors. It is complete, covers
  all requirements, and will remove the biggest
  obstacle between you and success.

 If you have already had some part of a High
 School Training, you can start in exactly where
 you left off. We’ll credit you with what you have
 taken and make the tuition fee in proportion with
 the special course you require.

 Read this Guarantee-then Act

guarantee at any time during the first year of
.... r enrollment to refund the entire amount paid
if. Immediately upon the completion of ten ex-
amination*, you notify the School that you
— not satisfied with your course.”

AMERICAN SCHOOL of

Correspondence

                Dept. H-43
                CHICAGO

TRAINING-THE KEY TO SUCCESS

Please send me booklet and tell me how »
I can fit myself for the position marked X f*

 Name.

  .High School Graduate
  .Western Union Courses
  .Telephone Engineer
  .Draftsman and Designer
  .Automobile Engineer
  .Automobile Repairman
  .Airplane Mechanic
  .Fire Insurance Expert
  .Sanitary Engineer
  .Heating and Ventilating
  Engineer
  . Master Plumber
  .Civil Engineer
  .Structural Engineer
  .Mechanical Engineer
  .Shop Superintendent
  .Steam Engineer
  . Lawyer

 ......Business Manager

 ......Cert. Public Accountant

 ______Accountant and Auditor

 ......Bookkeeper

 ......Stenographer

 ......Gen’l Education Course

 ......Com. School Branches

 ......Electrical Engineer

 ......Electric Light and Power

Superintendent

 ......Hydroelectric Engineer

 ......Wireless Operator

 ......Architect

 ......Building Contractor

 ......PhotopJay Writer

 ......Employment Manager

 ......Foreman’s Training Courss

In answering any advertisement on this page it is flesirahle that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

                                      fquAiLTtt

The Side Partner You Can Trust—

THE SAVAGE AUTOMATIC

    It’s small, light, unobtrusive. You don’t notice it in the pocket or
on the belt.	•

    But when the diamond-back rattler buzzes or the copper-head squirms
—when there s a bear in the trap or a bob-cat in the tree—when the
rare chance of human violence threatens in the wilderness—or when
the stinging wind on the North shore of Superior brings the blood-chilling
veil of the man-hunting wolf-pack nearer and nearer—the little Savage
proves the closest, truest friend.

    Its barrel—length and locked breech gives more power and accuracy
than other pistols of the calibre—its ten shots and one-hand reloading
permit faster and more continuous fire—and the lines of its celebrated
£nP ma.e you point it and shoot it straight in an emergency—as straight
and as instinctively as you point your finger. Its monkey-wrench sim-
plicity ma,kes it always ready and always sure-fire, because, like the best
military pistols, you can cock and uncock it with your thumb.

    \our dealer will show you—can supply you. For complete descrip-
tion, write us.	^

Savage arms Corporation

Sharon, Pa.	UTICA, N. Y.	Detroit, Mich.

    Executive and Export Offices : 50 Church Street, New York City

                                                                         Itlll

.32 calibre, 3%n barrel,
19 ounces, 11 shots
.380calibre, ^<411 barrel,
21 ounces, 10 shots

                                  #11

11b

life a
::: ■

 In answering f§it advertieement it ie Setimble that ym mention this'

magazine.

\
TOLEDO

From

Ant Ounce of
Thirty Torn of

ALL over the United
States and Canada
and in 34 Foreign
Countries, hundreds of
thousands of Toledo
Springless Automatic
Scales are giving most
satisfying, efficient
service.

There are more than
one hundred styles and
sizes of Toledo Scales,
to weigh everything
from an ounce of spice
to thirty tons of steel
—scales for stores, of-
fices, shipping 'rooms,
warehouses, mills and
factories.

SCALES

NO SPRINGS " HONEST WEIGj

/ /	$4QO

                                      A YEAR

Toledo Scale Company
Toledo, Ohio
Canadian Factory
Windsor, Ontario
Largest Automatic Scale Manu-
facturers in the world

Branch Offices and Service
Stations in sixty-nine cities in
the United States and Canada,
and others in thirty-four foreign
countries.
 llO Piece Dim

  Famous Bluebird Design

,100

 JL DOWN

     Amazing value. Record breakingoffet, Id
     each piece the highest type of color harmony and
     exquiaii© design has been attained. Set is strictly up-
     to-date. Note the blending of the bluebird with the pink*
     lavender and green flowers. Each piece is fired in the
     glass and guaranteed not to check or erase. That splen*
     did old fashioned finish is applied in the clay before
     firing, giving to each piece the finish of rich snowflake
     white* This wonderful set can be yours for only 11.00
     down and then 18.70 monthly, rrice in all 923.93'

      Complete satisfaction guaranteed. Mo C. 0. D.

  Complete Service

     1 1 ft	ThSa aplendld set consists of 18

      A A U aT I0C€5«S dinner plate#,91-2Iu.; 12break*
      A A V A	faBt pjates, 71-2 in.? 12 coup#

      soups, ? 8-4 In.; 12 fruit saucers, 6 in.; 12 cups, 12 saucers. 12
      oatmeal dishes, 12 bread and butter plates; 1 platter. 1) 1-2 In,:

      1 platter, 15 1-4 In.; 1 covered vegetable dish (2 pieces) 1 oval
      op*o vegetable dish, 8 1-4 In.; 1 round vegetable dish, 81-4 In.!

      1 gravy boat; 1 gravy boat stand; 1 bowl, 1 pint; 1 sugar bowl
      and eover (2 places); 1 eream pitcher; 1 pickle dish; 1 butte?
      dish. 11-2 In. Tfele 8©t will aad tone and beauty feoiany dining
      yoora. With ordinary car® it will lest a lifetime. Weight ship*
      ped about 100 pounds.

     Order fey Ms. QS38SNA. Send $1.00 with order,
     •2.70 monthly. Me. of ita	*2*.»0,

 Easy Payments

      Open aa account with us. We trust honest people
      no matter where they live. Send for this wonderful
      bargain shown above or choose from our big catalog*
      On® price to all cash ©r credit. No discount for cash.
      Not on® penny extra for credit. We cannot offer any
      discount from these seaiational prices, No C» O, D.

 30 Days Tried

     Our guarantee protects you. If not perfectly
     satisfied return th© set at our expense within thirty
     day# and get your money back—als® any freight you
     paid. Could sajr offer be fairer!

 Send Coupon

      along with $1.00 te us sow. Have this 110-Piece
      dinner set shipped on 80 days* trial. W© will also send
      our big Bargain Catalog listing thousands of amazing
      bargains. Only a & small first payment and balance
      in monthly payment® for anything you want. Send
      the coupon now.

   Straus & Schram 53&,***!£

                                        SSth

                                              III.

Straus & Schram str»t^ibiewof

Enclosed find $1.00. Ship special advertised 110-Piece Bluebird
Dinner Set. I am tohave 80 days trial. If I keep the set I am to
pay 12.70 monthly (total price $28.90.'. If not satisfied I am to re-
turn the set within 80 davs and you are to refund my money and
any freight chargee I paid.

O 110 piece BliM DSaaer Set Ne. 653S5NA*— $28,90*

Nam§ ..........

Street RF.D.
or Box No......

Shipping

      ......................Stats ................

            «u Only Want the Catalei, Pul & Below:
            •gBsSte'tsse toNbt

                    Y

                                      THE MOTSET PRESS, NETT TOP.K