 “As the tides are swayed
 by the moon, so are men
 and women swept irre-
 sistibly toward good or
 evil by the stars which
 dominate their lives.”

4

um

A

£u JIU.G

* A Simn
Yes,

we

will

send you the New Edison

   _ Ainberola, the product of the world’s greatest inven-
               tor’s genius, the phonograph with the wonderful diamond

i	stylus reproducer and your choice of the latest Diamond Amberol

                          Records on/'« frhil iri/liout a pmny iluvti. On (his offer, you con have

                         the genuine Edison Amberola, the ins(rument which gives you real, life-
like music, the finest and best of all phonographs at a small fraction of the price asked for imitations
of Mr. Edison's great instrument. Seiu this opportunity. Send the coupon now for free catalog.

New Edison Amberola
in Your Home on Free 'Trial
Entertain your family and
friends with the latest song hits,
with your favorite, old-time melodies—
with everything from grand opera to
comic vaudeville. Roar with!laughter ol the side-
splitting minstrel shows. Then, alter the trial,
send it back at our expense it you c.ioose. Ur
a keep it on our great, rock-
* bottom ofier. Send the
coupon today—now.

 To F.K.BABSON

  Edison Phonograph DiWnbolms
  1021 Ediwo Block,

\

                    Chicago

 Gentlemen: Please send me \
 your New Edison Catalog and **
 lull particulars of your free \
 trial offer on the new model K
 Edison Amberol n.

 jVome .

44drt88..

Rock-Bottom Offer

                                     If- after the free trial, you de-
                  1 § | iHI .1, cide to keep Mr. Edison's superb
                  new instrument, send us only $ I. Pay
                  the balance on the easiest kind of monthly payments.
                  Think of it—a $ I payment, and a few dollars a month to get this
                  wonderful new style outfit—Mr. Edison’s great phonograph with
                  the Diamond Stylus reproducer, oil the muoical results of the
                  highest price outfits—the same Diamond Amberol Records—yes,
                  the greatest value for $1 down, balance on easiest monthly terms.
                  Convince yourself—free trial first I No money down; no C.O.D.,
                  not one cent to pay unless you choosc to keep the instrument.

New Edison Catalog Free

   Your name and address on a postal or a letter (or just
   the free coupon) is enough. No obligation in asking for catalog.
   Find out about Mr. Edison’s great new phonograph. Get the details of this
   o;!cr—while thie offer lasts. Write today—nuw I

      F.K.Babson, Edison Phonograph Distributors

      \	1021 Edison Block, Chicago, III.

        <v Canadian Office: 355 Portage Avenae, Winnipeg, Manitoba

\

Mr. Edt

Wonderful New Amberola

                              The world's greatest inventor has made the music of the phonograph life-
                              like. at last. Success—after years of labor on his favorite inventionl Read
                              our offer on his wonderful new phonograph. Now that you can have the
                              best on this liberal ofier. you need no longer be satisfied with anything less
                              than Mr. Edison's great instrument.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

  6.003	Burlingtons hi
  the U. S. Navy—^

       6.003	Burlingtons have been sold to the men aboard the U.S. battleships.

        Practically every vessel in the I!. S. Navy has many Burlington watches aboard. Some
        have over 100 Burlingtons. The victory of the Burlington among the men in the U. S. Navy is testimony
        to Burlington superiority.

        A watch has to be made of sturdy stuff in order to “make good” on a man-of-war. The

          constant vibration, the extreme heat in the boiler rooms, the cold salt air and the change of climate from
          the Arctic to the Tropical are the most severe tests on a watch. If a watch will Stand up and give active
          service aboard a man-of-war, it will stand up anywhere-

 Ol-Jewel $050

      X Burlington

                                              A Month

And yet you may get a 21-jewel Burlington for only $2.50 a month. Truly it is the

          master watch. 21 ruby and sapphire jewels, adjusted to the second, temperature, isochronism and positions.
Fitted at the factory in a gold strata case, warranted for 25 years. All the newest cases are yours to choose
from. You pay only the rock-bottom-direct-price—positively the exact price that the who
would have to pay.

 Iiolesale dealer

_ TJ- I j _ i # You don't pay a cont to anybody until you see the watch. We

bee It r irstf	........ "

 .......	to you on approval. You are the sole judge. No

 obligation to buy merely because you get the watch on approval.

Write for Booklet!

  Put your name and address in

the coupon or on a letter or post card now
and get your Burlington Watch book free
and prepaid. You will know a lot more
about watch buying when you read it. Too, vou
will see handsome illustrations in full color of all
the newest cases from which you have to choose.
The booklet is free. Merely send your name and
address on the coupon.

  Burlington Watch Company,

19th St. and Marshall Blvd., Dept. 1071. Chicago, !U.
Canadian Office: 355 Portage Ave,,Winnipeg, Man.

Burlington Watch Co., Dept. 1071.

19th Street & Marshall Blvd., Chicago, III.

Please send me (without obligations and prepaid)
your free book on watches with full explanation of
your cash or $2.50 a month offer on the Burlington
Watch.

Name ...

ALL-STORY l» anttwerin;; this atlrcrtittwent it is desirable that you mention thi* maoazim
ALL-STORY WEEKLY

The entire contents of thi* magazine are protected by copyright, and mutt not be reprinted without the publishers* permission.

FIVE CONTINUED STORIES                                                                                                                     
| Stars of Evil........                                                                                          177 i                     
       A Three-Part Story --- Part One                                                                                                     
              If You Believe It, It’s So ... . Perley Poore Sheehan . .                                          209                       
        A Five-Part Story --- Part Two                                                                                                     
                              Cursed.......... . George Allan England .                                          268                       
       A Six-Part Story --- Part Three                                                                                                     
                      After His Own Heart..... Ben Ames Williams .                                               300                       
       A Four-Pait Story --- Part Four                                                                                                     
                       The Crimson Alibi...... . Octavus Roy Cohen .                                             324                       
       A Five-Part Story --- Part Five                                                                                                     
ONE NOVELETTE                                                                                                                              
                      The House of Skulls.....                                                                   240                       
SIX SHORT STORIES                                                                                                                          
      Forbidden Fruit (A "Different " Slory) .                                              . John D. Swain .... 198                       
                            On and Off........                                                 Frank Condon..... 232                       
                       Daughter of Ayler...... Jennie Harris Oliver . .                                          293                       
                          Channa’s Tabu.......                                                                   317                       
                  Shaffles Picks a Winner ....                                                                   338                       
                         His Inner Self....... Philip M. Fisher, Jr. .                                           344                       
VERSE                                                                                                                                      
        A Ready Rime .... Eugene C. Dolson 197 The Bon Vivant . . . Joseph P. Hanrahan                           292                       
     A Fatal Delect .... Grace G. Bostwick 208 Wine...... Leslie Ramon                                           316                       
              Back Home...... Robert Baker 267 The Average Man . Will Thomas Withrow                             323                       
                     Heart to Heart Talks.....                                                  The Editor...... 349                       
THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY, 280 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, and TEMPLE HOUSE, TEMPLE AVENUE, E. C„                      LONDON                    
                    Frank a. Munsey. President Kiciiaki* H. Tithkrinotox, S.*cn-tary Chuistohikk 11. Pope, Treasurer                       
Single copies. lO cents. By the year, $4.00 in United States, its dependencies, Mexico and Cuba ; $6.00 to Canada, and $7.00 to Foreign    
Countries. Remittances should be made by check, express money order or postal money order. Currency should not be sent unless registered   
                PI’BLISHKD WEEKLY BY THK KKANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY. COPYKIOIIT. 1919.                                                        
  Entered as second class matter May 17. 1915, at the Post-Offlee at New York, under the Act of March :i. 1879.                            
COPTRIGHTKD IN GREAT BRITAIN
ADVERTISING SECTION.

The Man Who Wouldnt
Stay Down

  He was putting in long hours at monotonous unskilled work. His small pay
scarcely lasted from one week to the next. Pleasures were few and far between and
he couldn’t save a cent.

   He was down—but he wouldn’t stay there! He saw other men promoted, and he made up
his mind that what they could do he could do. Then he found the reason they were promoted
was because they had special training—an expert knowledge of some one line. So he made up
his mind that he would get that kind of training.

   He marked and mailed to Scranton a coupon like the one below. That was his first step upward.
It brought him just the information he was looking for. He found he could get the training he needed
right at home in the hours after supper. From that time on he spent part of his spare time studying.

   The first reward was not long in coming—an increase in salary. Then came another. I hen he was
made Foreman. Now he is Superintendent with an income that means independence and all the

comforr, and pleasure, ,h« n»ke life worth living. iITtFR^TToITaU 'CDRRESPOMDEIWF"SCHOOLS

It just shows what a man with ambition can do.

And this man is only one out of hundreds of thou-
sands who have climbed the same steps to success
with the help of the International Correspond-
ence Schools.

What about you?

Are you satisfied merely to hang on where you
are or would you, too, like to have a real job and
real money? It’s entirely up to you. You don’t
have to stay down. You can climb to the position
vou want in the work you like best. Yes. you can!

The I.C.S. is ready and anxious to come to you,
wherever you arc. with the very help you need.

Surely when you have an opportunity that
means so much, you can't afford to let another
piceless hour pass without at least finding out
aiout it. And the way to do that is easy—with-
it cost, without obligating yourself in any way,
ark and mail this coupon.

     »

BOX 2199, SCRANTON, PA.

  Explain, without obligating me, how I can qualify for the posi-
  tion, or in tho subject, before which Ij *

  ELECTRICAL ENGINEER
  Electric LightingandRailways
  Electric Wiring

 Telegraph Engineer
 Telephone Work
 MECHANICAL ENGINEER
 Mechanical Draffitman
 Machine Shop Practice
 Toolmaker
 Gas Engine Operating
 CIVIL ENGINEER
 Surveying and Mapping
 MINE FOREMAN OK ENGINEER
 8TATI ON’AltY ENGINEER
 Marine Engineer
 Ship Draftsman
 ARCHITECT
 Contractor and Builder
 Architectural Draftsman
 Concrete Builder
 Structural Engineer
 PLUMItING AND HEATIR6
 Sheet Metal Worker
 Textile Overseer or Supt.
 CHEMIST

   mark X.

  □ SALESMANSHIP
  ADVERTISING
  Window Trimmer
  Show Card Writer
  Sign Painter
  Railroad Trainman
  ILLUSTRATING
  Cartooning
  BOOKKEEPER
  Stenographer and Typlal
  Cert. Public Accountant '
  TRAFFIC MANAGER
  Railway Accountant
  Commercial Law
  GOOD ENGLISH
  Teacher

  Common hool Subjects
  Mathematics
  CIVIL SERVICE
  Railway Mail Clerk
  AUTOMOBILE OPERATING
  Auto Repairing
  Navigation inSpinUh
  AGRICULTURE IQ Kreneh
  Poultry Railing Italian

 Present
 Occupation.
 Street '
 and No._

 Clty_

In answering this adrcrtiscuu nt it ie desirable that you mention this magazine.
■ n unusual busmen* opportunity or to suffKent a
that may be performed satisfactorily through
npondence. It will p»y a housewife or busine

equally well to read th

It a »er vice .. ....	LINE RATE

corre- Munsey a Matrazine . . SI.60

 •dvmlVcminU eirelul’y". """ T"K	Combination

                             1 nr Antony
                             All-Story Weekly .

"A New Force in Buslneaa" is n booklet that tella how

1.76

.Combi-
nation line rate

loss 2 per cent
cash discount.

to advertise successfully Inithe Classified Department of P. ... . _ „	.

The MunKcy MoBazinea. Mailed anywhere on request. Fib. 22fld Af£0S| Combination FORK CIOSI JlH. 30th.

AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED

 AMERICAN MILITARY STYLES ARE ALL THE RAGE

In men’s tailored to measure suits this season. Easiest to
sell; everybody wants them. Far ahead of all others In
real class and beauty. Lowest prices—less than common
ready-made suits. Our agents are coining money. You can
earn $10 daily. Send for full particulars, terms and sample
book of styles and patterns. American Woolen Mills Co..
Dept. 901. Chicago. III.

 THE POLICE KEY ANSWERS THE PURPOSE OF A
WHOLE BUNCH OF ORDINARY KEYS: opens almost every-
thing; every house owner should have one: sent i>ostpaid
on receipt of 20 cents. Agents wanted. Sharpe Mfg. Co..
48 Van Houten Street, l'aterson. X. J.

 AGENTS—WITH EXPERIENCE. SELL TO CONSUMERS
MADE-TO-MEASURE SUITS $17.50. $20.00. and $25.00.
Build independent business with big money. Outfits furnished.
Midland Tailors. Dent. 5. 19 So. Wells St., Chicago.

  MINUTES PAY DOLLARS demonstrating new $10.00 Adding
Machine. Wonderful invention. Adds, subtracts, multiplies,
divides automatically. Work equals $300.00 machine. Five-year
Guarantee. Tremendous demand everywhere. Liberal profits.
Write quick for trial offer and protected territory. Dept. 501.
Calculator Cor|K>ration. Grand Rapids. Mich.

 $20.00 DAILY DISTRIBUTING PRIZE PEACE PICTURES.

"Liberty and Peace.” "True Sons of Freedom." "Human Lib-
erty Bell. " Foch.” "Pershing.” Honor Roll. Enormous demand.
Samples Free. Also portrait catalog. Consolidated Portrait Co..
Dept. 22. 1034 W. Adams Street. Chicago.

 PANTS $1.00. SUIT $3.75, MADE TO MEASURE.

For even a better offer than this write and ask for free
samples and new styles. Knickerbocker Tailoring Co.. Dept. 288.
Chicago. 111.

HELP WANTED

 GET A GOVERNMENT POSITION THROUGH US.
POSITION OR MONEY BACK GUARANTY. Thousands of
men and women. 16 to 60. needed in Washington and else-
where for the years of " reconstruction ** ahead. We'll coach you
quickly by mail for Civil Service examination and appointment.
Permanent: easy hours; pa id vacations: higher salaries. Our free
Book "KG'* gives list of positions. Write for it. Washington
Civil Service School. 2001 Marden Bldg.. Washington. 1). C._

 U. S. GOVERNMENT NEEDS THOUSANDS—CLERKS AT

WASHINGTON Railway Mail Clerks-City Mail Carriers.
$1000 year. Short hours. List positions free. Franklin Institute.
Dept. A-l. Rochester. X. Y.

MICHIGAN FARM LANDS FOR SALE

  LAND PRICES ADVANCE after every war. Get yours now.
40.000 acres in Antrim and Kalkaska Counties of hardwood
land. Farmers grow rich here. 10 acres up. $15 to $30
per acre. Terms for the working man. Large tracts for
stockraising. Fine climate, markets, schools. Photographs and
fine booklet free. Send your name in today. Swigart Land Co..
Y1245 First National Bank Building. Chicago. III.

AUTOMOBILE SCHOOLS

  BE AN AUTO OR TRACTOR EXPERT. Unlimited opportunity
for civil and Government Work. 5000 successful graduates. Write
at once for our bio free catalog. Cleveland Auto School.
1819 E. 24th Street. Cleveland. Ohio.

AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED

 $65.00 A WEEK AND YOUR SUIT FREE —

If you take advantage of our startling ofTer. Write
us at once, and we will send you a full line of
samples and everything necessary to start at once,
absolutely free, postage prepaid. Spencer Mead Company,
Dept. 1190. Chicago.

 AGENTS—2 IN I REVERSIBLE RAINCOAT. TWO COATS
IN ONE. One side a handsome black raincoat, reverse
side fine dress coat. Something new. Not sold in stores.
Steam vulcanized. Guaranteed waterproof. Rig seller. All
styles and sizes for men. women and children. Write for agency.
Guaranteed Raincoat Co.. 1507 North Street. Dayton. Ohio.

 AGENTS.— PATRIOTIC PORTRAITS

for soldiers’ homes. Big money now. Pan American Supply Co.,
448E No. Wells Street. Chicago. 111.

 AGENTS — $50 WEEKLY AND YOUR
SPRING SUIT FREE. Sell our famous popular priced
made to measure suits: big. steady income guaranteed.
Complete outfit free. Act quick. Commonwealth Tailors,
Suite 1921. Lees Building. Chicago.

AUTHORS—MANUSCRIPTS

  FREE TO WRITERS—a wonderful little book of money-
making hints, suggestions. Ideas: the A B C of successful
Story and Movie-l’lay writing. Absolutely free. Send for your
CKliy now! Just address Writers’ Service. Deiit. 19. Auburn, N. Y.

 STORIES. POEMS. PLAYS. ETC..
ARE WANTED FOR PUBLICATION. Good ideas
bring big money. Submit Mss. or write Literary Bureau. 110.
Hannibal, Mo.

MOTION PICTURE PLAYS

 PHOTOPLAYS WANTED BY 48 COMPANIES; 110 TO *500
EACH PAID FOR PLAYS. No correspondence course or ex-
perience needed: details sent free to beginners. Sell your ideas.
Producers League. 388 Wainwrlght. St. Louis. Mo.

PATENT ATTORNEYS

PATENTS THAT PROTECT. HIGHEST REFERENCES.

Best results. Promptness assured. Watson E. Coleman.
Patent Lawyer. 624 F Street. Washington. D. C.

INVENTORS. SEND SKETCH AND
DESCRIPTION OF YOUR INVENTION for Advice Regarding
Patent Protection. No charge for this service. Twenty Years
Experience. Prompt, personal service. Patents we secure adver-
tised without charge in Popular Mechanics Magazine. Particulars
Free. Talbert & Talbert. Patent Lawyers. 47.»5 Talbert Building.
Washington. D. C.

 PATENTS. WRITE FOR FREE ILLUSTRATED GUIDE
BOOK. HOW TO OBTAIN A PATENT. Send sketch or
model and description for free opinion as to its patentable
nature. Highest References. Prompt Attention. Reasonable Terms.
Victor J. Evans & Co.. 762 Ninth. Washington. I). C.

 PATENTS. If you have an invention write for our Guide
Book. " How To Get A Patent." Send model or sketch ami
description, and we will give our opinion as to its patentablo
nature free. Randolph A Co., 630 F. Washington. D. C.

         FOR THE SICK ROOM
 unheal Send flowers. They are just the thing to
 fiorM. brighten the sick room and cheer the sick.

   Your local florist, within a few hours, can deliver fresh flowers In any city or town in
   the United States and Canada through the Florists' Telegraph Deliuerg seruice.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTIO N .

For you to
keep and
use for a
month as
your own,

Would

You then
acree to
show the
bicycle to
ten or more
of your friends
and tell of the
low prices, easy
terms and exceptional offers 1 make, all of which I will explain if you
will say on a postal, "Send particulars of Bicycle Offer" and ad-
dress vour postal card or letter: Personal for G. L. LEWIS, Mgr.
MEAD CYCLE CO.	30 Mead Block. Chicago

PICK YOURS QUICK!

Way Less Than Manufacturer's Price

 Speak quick — for these rebuilt Un-
 derwoods are getting scarce. U. S.

 Government bouoht 100.000 Underwood*. Gen-
 uine Visible Lnderwoods at bitf saving.
 5-Year Guarantee. Try it 10 DAYS FREE.
 Rent or buy. Write quick for Offer No. 7

 Typewriter Emporium. 34-36 W. Lake St., Chicago

UKULELE

 Hawiilan Guitar, Violin, Man-
 dolin. Guitar. Cornetor Banjo

 Wonderful now system of teaching note music by mail. To first
 upils in each locality, we’ll give a $20 superb Violin. Mandolin,
 Iculcle, Guitar. HawaiianGuitar. Cornetor Banjo absolutely free.
 Very small charge for lessons only expense. We guarantee success
 or no charge. Complete outfit free. Write at once—no obligation.

 SLIHGEBLAND SCHOOL OF MUSIC. Dept. 489 CHICAGO. ILL

   BetterYonr
   Position

  Railway Traffic Inspectors ar© always In
  line for advancement. No age limit—only
  common school education and three months’
  borne study. Miirhty good salary and ex ponses.

   A Railway Truffle Inspector safeguards the live* of th«
   public and protect* his company's intcrnHts an important
   point ion. lie's paid to travel and observe. Work* only with
   railroadofllcinls he's bound to Rama position of trust.
   Hundreds needed rlirht now. Study for only three
   months - we’II arrange for the position. Delay
   never secured anyone a better position—»o net
   immediately. Booklet D-l tells all — write
   today. Addrentt,

;SuSmaird!Btii^neSS Tralhin^inst;

              Don’t buy an ordinary
 bicycle. Get h Mack llcauty
 -Factory-direct; wholeaalo price.
 Built or boys wl»«» wantasensatii'iial
 whee.. snappiest. raciest, strongest
 “ bike ” you ever did see. A thrill*—'

18 EXCLUSIVE FEATURES

See .he wheel itself. Any one of 20 styles
•hiPP'd absolutely :it our risk. No advance
mono r. Keep or return We pay freight.
Mon! to pay if you decide to keep it—.small
•rr jnt on acceptance, then *1.00 a week.
•.unr. ur». Greatest offer ever made !

SprlnK’s t-omioK. Get our cataloR—quirk '
Select your model.

HAVERFORO CYCLE CO. ,

(Est. 2:; yrs.) l>«it. c.a.10
Philadelphia

i Beautiful	__

 New 1919 Catalog colors

7n antu-ering any advertisement on this page

The Field of Dishonor

 SHE had never seen a highwayman before. This one
     had on army officer’s hoots and the manners of a
     gentleman. She laughed and told him so.

 But It was serious business for him. lie faced death,
 prison, disgrace.

 It is a story so startling and curious, with Its tangle
 of romance and adventure—with its daring, thrilling
 climax—that it could only be told by that
 maker of romance—

    RICHARD \ \7TC
    HARDING L/JW ID

                Whether it be the Winding heat of an African
              desert- a lonesome island in the Pacific—or the
              deep mystery of a London fog—Davis always had a
              breathless story to tell, lie knew that Romance was
              not dead. No man ever knew so many different
              kinds of people. Xn man ever visited so many
              strango lands or saw so many wars in so many
              different places.

                 If you are one of those who know that somewhere
               in the world, splendid adventures are always hap-
               tiening: that a beautiful woman can be interesting,
               that today —at this moment brave men are laughing
               at fear tricking death—defying fate and winning
               the women they love—Richard Harding Davis is for

                              Personal Narratives
                              From the Front, by

 you.

FREE

     Edith Wharton
     John Reed and
     Boardman Robinson

         impbry »
  Richard Harding Davis
  E. Alexander Powell

                 To gather this story three Americans were arrested
                 as spies. Three other famous writers were under fire.
                 The stories are told in the set.

 To those who send the coupon promptly we will
 give a set of •• PKRSOXAI. NARRATIVES FROM
 THE FRONT ” in r» volumes. This is a wonderful
 combination. You get the DAVIS in
 12 volumes at a reduced’ price and
 the Narratives FREE.

Send the Coupon Without Money

                            You must act quickly. How long
                          you can have these books at the
                          present low price wo do not know
                          —the cost of paper and cloth is going
                          higher every day. When the present
                          edition runs out wo will have to
                          add the extra cost of paper to the
                          price. Make sure of your splendid set
                          at the little price. Mail the coupon
                          today. Forget the monotony—the dull-
                          ness of every-day life. Co with him
                          into the land of romance.

CHAS. SCRIBNER’S SONS. 597 Fifth Ave., New York

 Chas. Scribner’s Sons. 597 Fifth Ave.. New York.

   Sond me, all charges prepaid, complete set of Richard Harding
 Davis, in 12 volumes. Also send absolutely FREE the set of
 •• Personal Narratives from the fcront. in 5 volumes. If these
 books are not satisfactory I will return both sets within .> days,
 at your expense. Otherwise 1 will send you 50c at once and
 a month for 17 months.	All-S-Arg—1-25-’19.

 .Vrini*’

it t« ilrsiralitr that yon mention this magazine.
ADVERT ISIN G

SECTION.

   HAVE YOU SEEN A RECENT NUMBER OF

MUNSEY’SMAGAZINE?

It is the most interesting and instructive magazine published

The February Number Contains the Following:

e s

 25

 29

 33

  41

 59

  65

  77

 84

  141

  166

Special Articles and Pictorial Featur

Our Navy After the War.......Josephus Daniels

How Inventions Are Made.......Fred C. Kelly

The Lost Glories of the Hohenzollerns........

Germany’s Dethroned Princes.....Frederick Cunliffe-Owen

What the Germans Have Lost.....Brander Matthews

Told by the Camera.............

A League of Nations Its Problems and Possibilities

Frederic Austin Ogg

A Vast Reserve of Oil.......Robert G. Skerrett

Old English Roads and New Associations . . Ernest C. Pulbrook
Women in Warfare........Richard Le Gallienne

            Departments

The Stage...........Matthew White, Jr.

The Odd Measure.............

               Fiction

Friendship’s Token (Illustrated by George Biehm) . . . Emma A. Opper
The Jumping-Off Place (Illustrated by C. D. Williams) Louise Kennedy Mabie

The Littlest Girl (Illustrated by R. F. Schabelitz).....R. N. Wall

The Soul of the Lamp (lllusirated by George Wright) . Armstrong Livingston
THE WOLF OF KAHLOTUS (Chapters 1-VII. Illustrated by W. B. King)

Maryland Allen

THE GOLDEN SCORPION (Chapters XI-XVll) . . . Sax Rohmer
THE MOUNTAIN WOMAN (Chapters XXI-XXVIl) Charles Neville Buck

     Be sure and buy the February MUNSEY—take it home and
     revel in its fine fiction, beautiful illustrations and timely
     topics. A treat is in store for you. You will be happily repaid.

                            Now on sale at all news-stands

The Frank A. Munsey Company

           280 BROADWAY, NEW YORK

I

 152

 174

90

121

131

I

102

179

                 In 'Itifii-. riii'j this Ildnrtisiiiunl it is dcxirabtc that l/ou mention tin« miniazinc.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

Express

Prepaid

             we offer these fine pants for dress or
             business, many handsome styles, genuine
             through and through worsted goods, boun-
             tiful narrow weave, smooth silky finish,
             guaranteed for two years’ solid wear
             i and satisfaction and regular $5.00 value
             \ or MONEY BACK These stylish *5.00
             a pants, while they last, only m Q[-
             H one pair to any customer, % | 05)
             H by prepaid express, for only	■

         Buy* I
         S5.00
         Value

Mailing;

 Cards

Classified
Advertising

  It would cost more than $22,500
  to send a post card to the more-
  than-a-million readers that read
  “The Munsey Magazines”
  every month. Advertisers who
  want to cover the same ground for
  $12.74 are using this short cut:

Line Rate

MUNSEY’S MAGAZINE - $1.50

The Argosy Combination:

 THE ARGOSY - - -

 ALL-STORY WEEKLY *

Combination
Line Rate $3.25
Less 2 per cent
cash discount

MINIMUM SPACE ACCEPTED. FOUR LINES	•

  CONTRACT DISCOUNTS. -In addition to a 2f discount	I

  (or cash, we allow an additional discount of 5 % on three	;

  consecutive insertions and a 10 % discount on six consecu-	•

  live insertions. Tlese discounts to be deducted from the	•

  bill for the third and sixth insertions.	!

T5he

Frank A. Munsey
Company

280 Broadway, New York

Sent

FREE

To You

For Examination and Trial

An astonishing: offer. Seize it quickly. MUSIC WITH-
OUT NOTKSt A sensational .success, over 300,000 people
now play piano by this wonderful new EASY FOltM MU-
SIC; even young children learn quickly. Here is jour op-
portunity. Don't miss it.

newwavw ONE HOUR

Simple as a*b e. Xo teacher required. No corre-
spondence lessons by mail. Xo knowledge of note music
required. This remarkable hook, sent FRKE on trial,
contains oXK 111 • XI > I: KI» of the world's most famous
vocal and instrumental selections printed in EASY FORM
MUSIC. Send no money.

If you don't learn in live days to play not merelv one
but SIS VISUAL popular pieces, send it hack; no obliga-
tions whatsoever. Or, if you wish to keep the hook, pay
only GV6c each for the selections—s|>ecial half price offer
to those who write at once. No extra charges of any
kind. Complete course of easy instructions free with the
book. He sure to tell us how many white keys on your
piano or organ. Send a postal NOW.

EASY METHOD MUSIC CO.

138 CLARKSON BLDG.,	CHICAGO, ILL.

       FREE

                            This Gold p||\T
                            Plated r11*

               Beautiful Pin
               with your first
               order. Only a few hundml
               on hand. GET YOURS
               QUICK.

                    f nC|» PpAffifc You can earn a lot of
Vdall I1U11I3 extra money by send-
ing orders for your relatives and
neighbors. Young Grant Case made
$27.00 first week, and over $500 his first
year. Get his own hook alnmt it Free
—also fine tailor hook, cloth samples
and simple directions. All goes to you
Free with first letter. Send us your name and
address-TODAY. WRITE US QUICK.

CHICAGO TAILORS ASSOCIATION

Dept. G-445, 515 So. Franklin St., Chicago

 In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

All-Story Weekly

WINS DOUBLE HONORS

Edward J. O’Brien, leading American authority on
Short Fiction, includes in

THE ROLL OF HONOR

The Best Short Stories of 1918

“A Simple Act of Piety”

By Achmed Abdullah

AND

                  ((

   The Gallowsmith”

By Irvin S. Cobb

BOTH PUBLISHED IN THE

ALL-STORY WEEKLY

10 Cents a Copy

AT ALL NEWS-STANDS

    The ALL-STORY WEEKLY during the past year has
    published fifteen serial stories which have been republished
    in book form by America’s leading book publishers.

      Readers of this magazine paid ten cents a copy, and read in
      advance these fifteen serial stories, and scores of other good
      serials, novelettes and short stories as well.

These fifteen books would have cost the subscribers $20.45.

The Frank A. Munsey Company

280 Broadway, New York

 In answering this advertisement it is disirnbU that pou mention this tnaptui'u.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY

VOL. XCIII

NUMBER 3

C£>

J.U. Giesy and Jxinius B. Smiths

                             Authora of the Semi-Dual Stories

CHAPTER I.

“ MAKE IT MURDER, DAN.”

BRYCE chanced to be in the central
station when the “ wagon ” rumbled
up and Detective Johnson and two
roundsmen brought in Harvey Bancroft.

   For although Jim had severed all official
connection with the police, at the time he
and I established the firm of “ Glace and
Bryce,” still he had never quite weaned
himself away from old associations.

  As a result he formed the habit of drop-
ping into the station now and again for a
chat with his former cronies, at such times
as we had no press of business on our hands.

   I didn't object. It kept, us in touch with
the constituted forces of law and order and
such matters as they had under investiga-
tion, and more than once it had resulted in
smoothing the way for some of our own
investigations as well.

  He viewed Bancroft’s advent with some
surprise. He knew him in a casual way, as
one of the younger attorneys of the town.
He was a well-set-up chap, square-jawed,
and grav-eyed under a mass of light
brown hair, somewhat inclined to wave.
Now his facc was flushed as the roundsmen
lined him up before the sergeant, and Jim.
edging in, saw that his eyes were troubled,
and his lips tightly compressed.

 1	A-S ”	177

   He gave his name and occupation in a
 voice which seemed a trifle thickened by
 emotion.

   The sergeant wrote down his answers
 and turned to Johnson:

    " Charge?” he inquired.

    “ Leave that open,” Johnson replied, and
 caught sight of Jim whom he had known
 for years, and with whom he had worked
 more than once in the past. “ Hello,
 Bryce,” he said.

   Bancroft threw up his head at the words
 and glanced about. Some of the cloud of
 trouble vanished momentarily from his
 eyes and gave way to sudden purpose.
 “ Mr. Bryce,” he requested quickly, “ will
 you please come here?”

   Bryce looked at Johnson, and Johnson
 nodded. Jim stepped to his side.

    “ .Mr. Bryce,” Bancroft went on, “ some-
 thing dreadful has just happened at the
 house of one of my clients and the boys
 here hav£ brought me in. I wish you and
 your partner would take up my side of the
 case and show them I'm telling the truth
 when I say I didn’t kill that fine old man.”
 His voice broke the least bit toward the
 end. He came to a pause and went on:
 “ And let me call your attention, Mr. John-
 son, to the fact that you cannot hold me
 for any great length of time on an open
 charge.”
178

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Johnson frowned. “ I didn’t want to
write it up against your name, Mr. Ban-
croft,” he said slowly, “ but if you will have
it, why,” he turned to address the sergeant,
“ make it murder, Dan.”

  “ Wait a minute. Who’s dead?” said
Jim as the sergeant began to write.

  “ Chadbourne,” Johnson returned.

  “ Holy smoke!” The thing rather took
Bryce off his feet. Henry Chadbourne was
a millionaire, a retired banker, a man re-
spected and admired by the city at large.
He was a widower and had been for years,
living in a large house which he had built
for the bride who had died so short a time
after her marriage, that not even a child
had been left to cheer Chadbourne’s de-
clining years. And now he was dead, and
Bancroft was accused of his murder. Jim
turned his eyes from Johnson to the young
attorney.

  And Bancroft again compressed his lips
and nodded his head.

  The sergeant stuck his pen back in a
tumbler, handle down, having finished his
entry against the prisoner’s name.

  Johnson glanced at the roundsmen and
jerked his head to signify that Bancroft
should, in the parlance of the police, be
“ taken back ” to a cell.

  “ One moment,” the latter said. “ Bryce
—are you and Glace going to take this
case?”

  “ Sure,” Jim accepted, making up his
mind. “ You go on back and I’ll get hold
of Gordon, and we’ll have a little talk.”

  Bancroft nodded and walked off with his
guards. Jim got hold of the telephone on
the sergeant's desk, called me at our office,
and asked me to come down.

  Naturally I complied. I found Bryce
with Johnson who was giving out such de-
tails as he wished, to a group of reporters.
I nodded to one or two of the latter, whom
I knew, and turned away to ask Sergeant
Dan Harrington to pass us back to Ban-
croft’s cell.

  That was easy. Harrington had known
me for years, and he knew Jim, of course.
He called an officer who took us to the jail
doors and turned us over to a warder, who
in turn led us down the gloomy line of
cages, to one on “ murderers’ row.”

  And it was there, in the steel cubicle, I
met Bancroft first. The warder unlocked
the door and Jim and I slipped through,
after which Bryce made me known to the
man we had come to see.

  Bancroft forced a smile. 1 admired him
for it. too. I like to see a man take pun-
ishment that way, and stay game. “ My
accommodations are rather limited, gentle-
men.” he remarked, but take a seat on
the couch.” He waved a hand toward the
narrow bunk against one wall of the cell,
and as Jim and 1 perched upon it, seated
himself on a stool which completed the
furnishings of the place.

  I like to get a good impression of a
client at the start, so 1 watched him closely.
I have found that first impressions are with
me at least, apt to prove correct.

  My strange friend Semi-Dual explains this
phenomenon on the hypothesis that at the
instant the personal aura; touch one an-
other, you may sense the reflex of the indi-
viduality on which your own impinges.

  Be that as it may. I have found the first
instinctive valuation of a person, stand me
in stead many a time. Now as I inspected
the young attorney, I saw a man who was
keeping a grip on himself over a great emo-
tion, but not as it seemed a man who was
afraid. And his first remark indicated no
more than one who knew exactly what he
was facing and had determined rt> go
through with the thing to the end.

  •• I’m glad you came so promptly,” he
began at once, “ because as my representa-
tives I want you to get on the ground as
quickly as you can. To that end I’m going
to tell you the story concisely to begin with,
and after that you may ask any questions
that occur to your minds.”

  I nodded. Bancroft took a deep breath
and went on. “I’m going to give you only
what I deem essentials right now. I have
been Henry Chadbourne’s attorney for
some time. My employment in that ca-
pacity came about through my own em-
ployment of Miss Nadine Norgall as a sten-
ographer in my office some eight months
since. Miss Norgall was intimately ac-
quainted with Mr. Chadbourne. In fact she
had known him all her life. She was the
child of his former partner in business—”
STARS or EVIL.

179

  “ Hold on,” interrupted Bryce. “ This
young woman was John Norgall’s daugh-
ter?”

  “ Yes.” Bancroft nodded. “ Did you
know him?”

  “ I knew of him,” said Jim. “ Go on.”
“ Then,” Bancroft resumed, “ possibly
you know that when her father died some-
thing over a year ago, Nadine was left
without means or any immediate relations.
Norgall’s whole private fortune went down
in the wreck of the bank of which he be-
came the head when Chadbourne retired.
And if you recall that, you will see why
his daughter studied stenography and later
came into my employ.”

  “ Easy,” Bryce assented. " (let along
to the real facts.”

  “ They bear on those already men-
tioned,” Bancroft said. “ Henry Chad-
bourne had no children of his own and he
was fond of his partner’s child. I happen
to know that he went to her at the time of
Norgall’s death, which followed not long
after the failure of his bank, to which il
was actually due, through worry and a
final collapse. He offered her a home.
But Nadine was not of the dependent sort
-—and she wouldn’t accept charity even
from her father’s old friend. Having failed
to gain his end in that way, Chadbourne
formed another plan. He decided to adopt
Nadine and make her legally his heir.”

  “ You mean that literally, Bancroft?” 1
inquired.

  He gave me a glance. •* Yes. Wait, Air.
Glace—you’ll see how it all fits into this
mess. Chadbourne had kept track of her
and knew she was working for me. He
came to me and asked me to handle the
legal end of the affair. We took it up with
Nadine together and after a time, and
after Chadbourne had put it up to
her on the grounds of his own lonely life
and wish for her companionship and love
in his latter days, she agreed.

  “ That settled, I drew a will, naming her
as Chadbourne's sole heir, or practically so.
Of course there were several minor bequests
to old servants, and things like that, but
the bulk of the estate went to his adopted
child.”

  •• How much?” Bryce demanded tersely.

  “ A little over a million, Mr. Bryce,”
Bancroft returned.

   Jim whistled.

  “ You say his adopted child,” I broke
in. “ Did lie actually adopt Miss Norgall,
before he died?”

  “ The matter was closed this morning,”
Bancroft said.

  “ This morning?” Bryce took him up.

“ Wait a moment—this wasn’t any probate
day.”

   Bancroft shook his head. “ You’re right,
Mr. Bryce; but—this was an ex parte mat-
ter. Chadbourne had no heirs whatever.
Nadine was of age and there was no one to
raise any objection to the proceeding from
first to last. Furthermore, Chadbourne
wanted the matter settled without delay,
and—well—we took the matter up in open
court, at ten o’clock this morning, at which '
time the final steps were taken in Nadine's
adoption.”

   “ And after that?” I urged.

  “ After that we went over to the Chad-
bourne house. Mr. Chadbourne wanted
Nadine to do so. and 1 had some business
of a personal nature to close with him my-
self.”

  “ What?” Jim shot it out, cutting short
what seemed a glossing over of the point
by the attorney.

  Bancroft frowned. For the first time he
seemed to hesitate in his reply “ 1 suppose
I may as well answer that now as later,” he
said at last. “ I desired to pay Mr. Chad-
bourne a promissory note which I gave him
some weeks ago.”

  '• Weil—” Jim prompted as the attorney
once more paused. “ Come clear, boy—
let’s start this thing straight.”

   •• You're right,” Bancroft agreed. “ Well

—	I got caught in a margin speculation a
few weeks ago. Chadbourne advanced me
six thousand dollars to cover a break in
the market, provided 1 would quit speculat-
ing in the future. I promised as soon as I
could get ‘ from under ’ that I would there-
after confine my investments to proved
rather than problematic stocks and bonds
and would forever eschew margin-gambling.
That’s what he called it. Well, I pulled
out the other day and this morning, after
we left the court-house, I stopped at my
180

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

bank, drew the money and took it with me
to lift the note.”

  “ And did you?” Once Bryce got on a
point he was pretty much like a bulldog.
You couldn’t shake him loose.

  “ Yes.” Suddenly Bancroft flushed.
“ But I haven’t got the note. The police
took that off me. before we left Chad-
bourne’s house.”

  “ But he gave you the note after you got
there?”

  “ Yes, Mr. Bryce. I handed him the six
thousand in bills and he handed me the
note, from a drawer in his desk.”

  Bryce subsided and I took a hand. “ And
after that, Mr. Bancroft, what?”

  “ Then Mr. Chadbourne asked me to
step out of the library and wait, as he
wished to speak with Nadine alone. After
that I don't know. I went out, and found
a seat. I meant to wait and take Nadine
back to the office as soon as she was ready.
I sat down in the entrance hall and waited
for what I suppose must have been as much
as ten minutes. I know I looked at my
watch and it was a quarter past eleven. I
had just put my-watch back in my pocket
when I heard what might have been a shot,
though the sound was muffled by the walls.
Then I heard Nadine scream and the li-
brary door burst open, and she ran toward
me, crying that Chadbourne had killed him-
self before her eyes.”

  “ What!” Jim fairly yelled, while I con-
fess I couldn’t blame him as I felt my own
brain balk at the suggested fact.

  Bancroft turned his glance from one of
us to the other. I saw that he sensed the
unseemable sound of what he had said.
“ She screamed it as she ran toward me.”
he reaffirmed; “and I lost some moments
trying to calm her a trifle before we went
back to the room. She was almost unnerved
with the horror of what had occurred,
but at length she went with me, and God
knows I found plenty to confirm her words.

  “Chadbourne, the man I had left in seem-
ingly good health and cheerful spirits not
over fifteen minutes before, lay half-way
between his desk which stood in the middle
of the floor, and a stationary hand basin
he had installed for his convenience-when
at work in the room. He had fallen upon

his face and was quite dead when I turned
his body over. But in doing so I exposed
a revolver beneath the corpse, and there
was a bullet hole in the left breast of his
coat, as nearly as I could judge, directly
over his heart.

  “ I examined the weapon myself. Its bar-
rel was freshly fouled and one shell had
been discharged. After that I replaced
the gun and the body as nearly as I could
in the position in which I had found them,
because I knew it was a coroner’s case. And
then before 1 called the police, I questioned
Nadine.”

  For a moment he seemed to consider be-
fore he went on. “ Gentlemen, 1 know that
what 1 am going to say now will impress
you as unworthy of credence—and yet I
would stake my soul that Nadine Norgall
believes every word she said to be true. I
know her. 1 have known her for months.
I - Again he broke off and a slow flush
crept into his cheeks.

  1 nodded and met his hesitation with a
smile. He had spoken in the girl’s behalf,
in a tone men seldom adopt unless urged
thereto by a deeper feeling than one would
expect between employer and employed.
“ Put all the cards down. Bancroft,” I ad-
vised. “ There is nothing to shy at in a
sincere affection. You were going to say
1 I love her,’ I think.”

  He laughed in a nervous fashion. “ It’s
better than that, Glace.” he said in a tone
for the moment almost cheerful. “ We’re
engaged.”

  “ Congratulations on that much,” I ac-
cepted. " Now what did she say?”
fie frowned, coming back to the matter
in hand. " She told a story no jury in the
world would believe, and the worst part of
the whole affair is that she was the only
soul present when he died.”

  I felt my heart swiftly contract, and
Bryce grunted at my side. “ But—see
here—” he began.

  Bancroft cut him short: “ Gentlemen,
Nadine isn't under arrest but—there are
two men stationed at her house and John-
son advised her not to try to leave the
place without permission. Oh ”—he threw
out his hands—“ it isn’t my trouble alone,
which has upset me like this. She isn’t
STARS OF EVIL.

181

under arrest but she is a prisoner to all
intents. And the thing was so sudden. It
came like a bolt of lightning out of a clear

sky—”

  “ Steady,” I checked him. “ Give us the
rest of the story then and let us get to
work.”

  He nodded. All right. I can't see that
it has any value, but I’ll tell it for what it’s
worth. After I left the room, it seems
Chadbourne took the will from a drawer in
his desk and showed it to her. He even
read parts of it aloud. She said he seemed
almost childishly elated at the events of
the morning, and the fact that she was now
legally his heir. He would read a clause of
the will and then look over the top of the
document at her, as though seeking to mark
its effect upon her, or else merely to study
her face.

  “ And then suddenly his whole demeanor
changed. Nadine says his face seemed to
freeze into grimly set lines such as she had
never seen it wear. Without a word, he
laid down the will, dropped his hand to
the drawer from which he had taken the
paper, and suddenly sprang to his feet.
Then while she watched, without under-
standing his actions at all, he ran from the
desk, turning his back squarely upon her—
there was a deafening report which filled
the room, and Chadbourne stumbled and
fell, where I found him after I came in.
As soon as she realized what had happened
she ran out of ‘the door as 1 have already
described, and—that's all.”

  If it really were all, I had to admit it
sounded fully as fishy as Bancroft had de-
clared. It was past all reason that a man
who had just accomplished the object of his
expressed desires, adopted a charming
young woman to fill his childless life and
made her the heiress of his estate, should
without warning spring up and shoot him-
self through the heart. Only one hypothesis
could explain that and that was that Chad-
bourne had been insane, which no one who
knew the man would consider for an in-
stant. I looked at Bryce and found him
frowning, and then he spoke:

  “ The girl was the only person with
him?”

  “ Yes.” Bancroft inclined his head.

  l' And you left her with him?”

   “ Yes.”

  " And sat in the front hall?”

    Yes.”

  *• So nobody could have come in without
your seein’ if they did?”

  “ No one came in,” said Bancroft in a
rather miserable tone. “ Oh, I know how
it sounds. I’ve told you in advance that I
knew the story would baffle belief. As a
lawyer I appreciate that, Mr. Bryce.”

  “ He just jumped up and turned his back
and shot himself?”

  “ That is a very concise summing up of
the matter,” Bancroft sighed.

  “ And he was cheerful when you left him
and went outside?”

  *• I never saw him in a more cheerful
humor.”

  “ And you was in the room yourself—
you left just those two together?” Bryce’s
forehead wore a series of wrinkles as he
spoke.

  “ Yes, Mr. Bryce,” Bancroft said. “ I
left them together. Mr. Chadbourne was
sitting at the desk. I had just given him
the money and taken the note and placed it
in my pocket. Nadine says he did not
rise after I left until he leaped up and—
well—died. As for herself she was sitting
in a chair some few feet on the other side
of the desk, and did not leave that position
until after the shot, when she sprang up and
ran out to me.”

  Bryce turned and met my eye. It was as
though he asked me what I thought, and
right then I had nothing to say. In the
face of what we had heard, there was noth-
ing I could say without more consideration.
Only I nc longer wondered that the adopted
daughter of the dead millionaire should
have been told to remain in the house.

   “ It won’t wash,” said Jim at last.
Bancroft made no response. There could
be no possible doubt but that the man re-
alized to the fullest extent the unbelievable
elements in the story he had told. His face,
his whole bearing, showed it as he lifted
weary eyes and met my glance. And sud-
denly there leaped into my mind a sup-
position. Was the man before me in doubt
himself? Was he trying to believe the girl’s
story even against his own common sense?
182

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

Was it possible that his presence here might
even be a proof of his endeavor to shield
her so far as he could? I had known men
to do things like that—young men—men
in love with some woman.

  “ Bancroft.” 1 resumed, " I'm going to
ask you to look at this thing as a lawyer
rather than a principal in the matter, how-
ever it occurred. So far as I can see. your
story establishes a most excellent reason
for the arrest of Miss Xorgall rather than
yourself. Now—”

  “ Don’t, Glace,” he broke out. '' That
little girl never did it. She isn’t that kind.
I know her. She was fond of Chadbourne.”
“ Yet she was alone with him, and there
was only one shot fired, as you proved
yourself. Now three hands could have
fired it. Chadbourne's, which isn’t plausi-
ble on the face of the thing, or that of some
person unknown—”

  “ Hold on!” Bancroft cut in. " Do you
suppose Nadine wouldn't have seen any
third person, and that if she had she would
have kept silent at such a time? Be rea-
sonable Glace.”

  “ Then ”•—I said slowly—“ there remains
but one hand. Mr. Bancroft, that could
have fired that shot.”

  “Glace!” Suddenly he sprang up and
stood tensely erect. " I won’t allow you
or any other man to say that without pro-
testing even the thought. God knows I
need your help, but—if you're going to
take this tack. I'll—just thank you fur
coming and ask you—to leave.”

  “ Sit down,” I returned. " We’re here
to consult, not quarrel. Your extreme sen-
sitiveness on the point shows that you rec-
ognize its force. Now one question more.
In the view of all you have told us. why
is it that you are under arrest?"

  He eyed me for fully half a minute be-
fore he replied: “ That’s simple enough.
I told you I paid Chadbourne six thousand
dollars on a note. I paid it in bills. He
took them and laid them on his desk and
I left the room. Chadbourne died and after
I had listened to Nadine's story I called the
police. When they came I told them the
whole thing, just as I have told it to you.
They sought to confirm it so far as they
could as a matter of course. I was able

to produce the note, and did so, but—the
bills had disappeared.”

CHAPTER II.

FURTHER EXPLORATIONS.

“ I V ^APPEARED?” For a moment
| / Jim gaped into Bancroft’s face be-
fore he caught a deep breatn.
" You mean the stuff was gone?”
u Absolutely,” Bancroft declared.

  “ But—maybe Chadbourne put it away
after you left the room,” Bryce suggested.

  '■ If he did, it would have been in the
desk instead of on it, where I saw it when
I went out. Remember Xadine says he did
not leave his seat, before he sprang up to
meet his death.”

  I looked Bancroft full in the eye as he
ceased speaking.

  He nodded at what he plainly read in
my glance. “ So you see, Mr. Glace, there
r.'tis one other hand, which might have fired
the shot after ail. I think that is what De-
tective Johnson believes.”

  “ Johnson searched for the stuff?” I in-
quired.

  '■ Yes. It was gone, and—well that's
all.”

  I noted a pause in the middle of his state-
ment but set it down to the man’s mental
condition more than anything else, and
rose. *• I think.” I remarked. *' that the
best thing we can do now is to get over
to that house and do a little search on your
behalf rather than against it. Bancroft,
where do you bank?”

  •• At the Fourth National," he said rising
and once more forcing a smile. “ You can
prove I drew those bills, if that's what you
mean. Remember I stopped to get them on
the way to Chadbourne’s after we left the
probate court.”

  " Thanks." 1 said and rapped for the
warder to let us out. “ I’ll do that by
phone, and—1 11 see that you’re kept posted
as to what turns up. By the way, Ban-
croft. when were you born?”

  He met the question with a puzzled at-
tention. I suppose to him it did sound
rather odd, but I wanted the information
and waited until at length he gave it and
STARS OF EVIL.

183

I wrote it down, without any explanation
at the time.

  The warder appeared. Bryce and I
shook hands with Bancroft and left the
cell. And once outside the hall in the cor-
ridor which led to the front of the station
1 paused and looked at Jim. " Well?” I
said.

  Jim puffed. He drew a kerchief and
wiped his brow. “ It can’t be done,” he
exploded rather than spoke distinctly.
“ Maybe joy kills sometimes. I’ve heard
it did. but no guy like Chadbourne is goin'
to croak himself at a time like that, and
even if he did either our man or his girl
musta copped th’ money. Nope, Gordon,
th’ thing don't fit. It’s th’ poorest story
I’ve heard in a whole lot of years.”

  “ Yes,” I agreed, “"it is. To me that's
its strongest point.”

  Jim gave me a glance, and a slow grin of
understanding. " Somethin’ in that too,”
he admitted at length. “ Well, what do we
do next? See here! What made you ask
Bancroft about his birthdav before we
left?”

  I smiled. Jim had a reason for asking
that question, as 1 knew, and I did not seek
to evade the answer. " The first thing I
do is to get the use of a phone,” I an-
nounced. “ There is only one man in the
world so far as 1 know who can explain
the impossible. Jim, and I'm going lo get
hold of that man. While I’m about it go
on out and call the Fourth National Bank
and find out about those bills.”

  Jim nodded, and turned off without an-
other word. 1 made my way to the “ dog
house,” as we used to call a room set apart
for the accommodation of the newspaper
men on police assignment, which, as I
knew, would probably be empty at that
time of day, took up a telephone standard
and called a certain number not found in
the telephone-book but which none the less
would get me into connection with Semi-
Dual.

  Semi-Dual! I pictured the man as I
knew him, while I held the receiver to my
ear. Tall he was, brown-haired, with a
strong face, a high bridged nose and eyes,
gray and deep—oh, vastly deep, holding
within their liquid depths something which

seemed to hint of a knowledge surpassing
that of every-day men.

  And their hint was no more than the
truth. Dual was what long ago I had
called a “ psychological physician,” a man
whom others might call a mystic, yet in
reality no mystic at all, since he proclaimed
the fact that there is nothing in nature mys-
tical after all; that all is but the result of
natural law, of natural cause and effect.

  Of those higher forces of nature he was
a student. It was by means of the knowl-
edge gained in their study that he played
the physician’s part to troubled human
souls and put straight the tangled strands
of many a life. He believed, and had made
me believe, too, in telepathy, chirography,
psychometry, and astrology as well.

  Oh, yes, Dual studied the stars, and
drew from them wonderful knowledge of
mundane affairs. Yet he was no charlatan
and none knew better than he, how little
credence man places to-day in the forces
which he used, to bring about his results.
Therefore he first gained his knowledge in
his own way, and ihen set about to prove
it in a more material fashion, that others
might believe, not his art—but the truth as
to whatever might have occurred.

  To Bryce and me, Dual was the god in
the machine. He dwelt on the Urania roof.
There in the tower he had made himself a
sumptuous abode, and on the roof itself he
had built him a garden of shrubs and potted
flowers roofed in winter by green glass, be-
hind the circling parapet which hid it from
the street. And there he lived, apart from
the world of man and its distraction, yet
surrounded by it, ready to step forth at any
moment, when the cause of Right—of Jus-
tice demanded that he interfere.

  It was on his advice that I had formed
my partnership with Bryce. It was to be
near him, that we took our quarters in the
Urania on the seventh floor. Time and
again he had assisted, directed, guided Jim
and me to the final ending of some prob-
lem of human wo. A private telephone
linked our offices with the tower, just as
this line I was asking for now, gave him a
thread of connection with the world be-
yond his roof.

  The man was an altruist, in a practical
184

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

sense. He understood the depths of the
human soul. And he worked not for re-
muneration—not for glory, but for the sim-
ple satisfaction of seeing justice done.
Justice—eternal, immutable justice — was
his creed. To Dual the assertion that
“ whatsoever a man soweth that shalt he
also reap,” was no more than a statement
of truth. Such then was the man I called
my friend, whose help I was asking now.
in the Chadbourne affair.

  His voice, deep, soft, almost bell-like,
reached my listening ear. I brought my
mouth close to the rubber circle before it
and began to speak.

  Not once did he interrupt. Long associa-
tion had taught me how to give to his ear
the essentials of a case. At the end he
asked me the hour of Chadbourne’s death,
and Bancroft’s age. I gave the information.
I had meant to give it. It was for that I
had asked Bancroft concerning the latter
fact, even as Bryce had assumed when he
questioned me concerning my act. For
Jim was an ardent convert to Semi’s meth-
ods, though when first he met them, he
had scoffed.

  There was a moment's silence, then:
“ Go to the Chadbourne house. Interview
Miss Norgall. Learn all you may from
her own account and your most careful in-
spection, and then, my friend, come to me."

  That was all, but I turned from the
phone with a lightened heart and went in
search of Bryce. Semi-Dual was enlisted
in the case. Justice, no matter where its
blow was aimed, would be done. Of that
I felt assured. And being assured. I found
myself ready and anxious to throw myself
into the task to which I was sent.

  I found Bryce talking to Johnson in the
front office.

  “ I been talkin' to Johnson about them
bills, an' he’s goin' up to th’ house him-
self,” Jim began as I hastened to their
side.

  “• And what did you learn about the
money at the bank?” I inquired.

  “ Well—he drew it all right,” said Bryce.

  Johnson sneered. “ What of it? He
had plenty of time to ditch it before we
got on the ground,” he declared.

  “ Sure,” Jim agreed in a somewhat sar-

castic way. “ He could have done that so
as to be sure he’d be arrested, when you
frisked him and found the note. He’d
have mentioned the money sure if he’d
cashed it after Chadbourne died.”

  Johnson grinned. “ Yes,” he rejoined.
“ I think he would, especially if, as he says,
Chadbourne was shot while alone with the
girl. There’s a lot to this we haven’t dug
up yet. Bryce.”

  “ Then,” said Jim, “ suppose we go start
some digging now." He turned to me.
“ Did you get your party, Glace?”

  I nodded, and Jim took a long, satisfied
breath. “ Come on. Johnson," he urged.
“ Let's get on the job up there.”

  “ All right,” the detective agreed.
“ Though I don’t look for much. We’ve
been over the room pretty well already.
What I want to do is to question that girl
without Bancroft around to interfere.”

  We caught a taxi outside. It put us
down after a time in front of the Chad-
bourne house on Park Drive, in the fashion-
able residence district where the old man
had lived.

  We had some conversation on the trip
out. of course. But it didn’t amount to
much. Johnson seemed to think that
either the girl, or Bancroft, or both, were
mixed up in the death of the aged banker,
and Bryce and I were hardly well enough
informed to form any definite scheme of
the tragedy as yet.

  We went up from the cab and in through
wide front doors, passing one of Johnson’s
men on the way. The detective led us
directly down a hall from which doors
opened right and left, to one which he
opened and passed through.

  Plainly as Jim and I followed, I saw
that this was the place where the death
had occurred. It was the workroom of a
man. It was lined with cases of books and
some more modern filing cabinets, now
standing with closed drawers. In the
center of the room was a desk, oblong,
flat-topped, and at the farther end of that,
and set at right angles to it, was a type-
writer desk—one of those folding-leaf af-
fairs. now also closed. Quite evidently, as
T judged at once, Chadbourne. when sitting
in the angle between the machine and his
STARS OF EVIL.

185

desk, had merely to turn in his chair to
give an}- such dictation as he might desire.
At present a man was seated at the desk,
making what seemed to have been a very
thorough inspection of the drawers. He
glanced up as we came in. and then ruse.

“Where's th‘ girl?" Johnson inquired.

“ Up-stairs,” said the fellow, who was
plainly another of the department’s men.

  '• Get her down,’’ Johnson directed, and
threw himself into a chair.

  The other reached to the end of the
desk and pressed a button. By the time
Jim and 1 had found seats for ourselves, a
servitor came in.

  He was an old man. with graying hair,
and an almost shuffling walk. He entered
the door and stood waiting. His face was
a nearly colorless mask in which burned
two dark eyes. I noted that his hands
shook in a way of uncontrolled nerves, as
Johnson requested him to ask Miss Norgall
to come down.

  But he turned and vanished without a
word, and I gave my attention once more
to the room. In a corner formed by the
wall next the hall and that of what was
plainly the partition between this room and
the one nearest the front of the house. I
saw the hand basin Bancroft had men-
tioned. A door midway of the latter wall
seemed to lead into the room beyond, and
leaning against the wall between the door
and the porcelain plumbing in the corner
was an ordinary folding screen, which I
fancied was probably used to conceal the
basin, at ordinary times. For the rest there
were two windows in the side wall of the
house, a fine rug on the floor, several pic-
tures in plain frames and a mirror-faced
door in the other end, whether to a closet
or a farther apartment I could not then
know.

  The opening of the door from the hall
cut my inspection short. I turned my gaze
from the room to the woman who came in.
She was young. Bancroft had said she was
of age, but she carried the atmosphere of
youth about her. She was of medium
height, well formed, brown haired and as I
was to learn on a closer acquaintance, blue-
eyed. Now as she paused just inside the
door, she was pale, and her eyes seemed

dark under her brows as she swept them
about the room and parted her lips.

  •• Simmons said I was wanted,” she be-

gan.

  Bryce and I rose. Johnson followed
suit. " Why, yes, miss," he said. “ I
want to talk to you a bit. Won’t you sit
clown?”

  I spoke as the girl went to a chair and
sank upon it. " Miss Norgall, I am Mr.
Glace, and this," I gestured to Jim, “ is my
partner. Mr. Bryce. We represent Mr.
Bancroft and at his request yourself, in this
painful affair.”

  " That don't matter,” Johnson cut in.
■' All we want is to get at th’ truth of how
Chadbourne died. So. all you got to do,
miss, is just tell us how everything hap-
pened. now you've had a little time to think
it over, and ain't so excited as you was a
while ago.”

    T have already told you that, Mr.
Johnson,” Miss Norgall replied. “ I was
not excited then. I was horrified, shocked,
grieved beyond words to express, but I
told you exactly what I saw, and all—
everything 1 know concerning—what oc-
curred." She spoke in a cultured voice, sur-
prisingly rich and full, which yet quavered
now and then as though not entirely within
control.

  And her answer apparently did not suit
Johnson at all. " Well—tell it again then,”
he rejoined. " Maybe there was somethin’
in it I didn't just get at first.”

  Miss Norgall complied. She recounted
the scene of Chadbourne’s death. In all
essential details it was the story to which
we had listened in Bancroft's cell. John-
son was frowning at the end. “ You had
known Chadbourne quite a long time?” he
said.

  " All my life,” the woman replied.

   •• lie was your father’s friend?”

  •• My father's and mine."

  ‘‘He hadn’t nothin’ to do with wreckin’
your dad’s bank?”

  "Mr. Chadbourne!” Nadine Norgall
widened her eyes. “ No. He was like a
second father to me. when my own father
died."

I believed her. Sincerity rang in her
tone, hut once more Johnson seemed dis-
186

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

pleased. For a moment he appeared to
consider before he resumed: “ You was
adopted by him to-day?”

  “ Yes.” Miss Norgall inclined her head.
Save in defense of Chadbourne her answers
were short. It came upon me she was like
one shaken by grief as much as anything
else.

  “ Why W'as Chadbourne in such a tearing
rush to get it done to-day?” Johnson again
inquired. “ Your father died a year ago.
and'all at once Chadbourne has to adopt
you in a hurry and can’t even wait for a
vigular probate day. What was the terri-
ble rush?”

  Miss Norgall looked him full in the eye.
“ I do not know,” she said.

  “ But he did adopt you to-day?”

  “ Yes.” The girl’s tone was tired.

  “ So that if he died you’d inherit at
once?” Johnson spoke softly in whal he
tried to make a very casual way.

  “Wait a moment, Miss Norgall; you don’t
have to answer that, unless you wish,”
I cut in.

  My reward was a swift glance of resent-
ment from Johnson. *• Here, Glace, don’t
butt into this,” he growled.

  Miss Norgall considered. " Thank you,
Mr. Glace,” she said at last. •• But I really
see no reason why I should not answer. So
far as I know, being his sole heir. I would
inherit at once.”

  “ And you’re really and truly engaged to
Bancroft?”

  For the first time a delicate color stole
into the cheeks of the girl. “ What has
that to do with it?” she parried after a
time.

  “ Oh, nuthin',” Johnson returned, ‘‘ only
I happen to know he ain’t any too well off,
an’ your father didn’t leave you enough to
live on, and then Chadbourne makes you
his legal heir and draws a will, leavir.'
you—”

  “ Stop! ” said the girl. Surely you must
nossess intelligence enough to comprehend
that as his adopted daughter, I would not
be in any future need of support. Even a
detective of this city shouid be able to
understand that.”

  I heard Bryce chuckle softly and Johnson
flushed as he tried another tack: “ You

 don’t need to worry, miss, about what we
 understand. Now, after Bancroft left that
 money there on the desk and went out, you
 was sittin’ in a chair over here on this side
 of the desk, right about where 1 am located
 now?’’

    For a moment Nadine closed her eyes.
 I saw her clench her hands. “ Tlease,” she
 said, “ don't let’s go over it again. I’ve
 explained it already, twice.”

    But Johnson persisted. “ You was sittin’
 right about here?”

 “ Oh—yes-—in that same chair, to be ex-
 act.”

 “ And Chadbourne was at his desk?”

 “ Yes.”

 “ An' he took this will, Bancroft had
 drawed. out of a drawer. Which drawer,
 miss?”

 “ The top one next to the typewriter

 desk.”

 '■ An' he left the monev lyin’ on th’

 desk?”

 “ Yes.”

 “ An’ read th’ will to you?”

 “ Parts of it.”

    Anything else on the desk?”

 ■' Some letters his secretary had written
 and left for him to sign, also on the end
 next the typewriter," Nadine replied.

 “ And while he was readin’ th' will to
 you he kept lookin' over th’ top of th’
 page now an’ then?"

 •• Yes.”

 •• An’ then all at once he lays down the
 will an’ reaches into a drawer for his gun?”
 Which drawer?”

    The same from which he took the will.”
 '• An’ jumps up an’ faces over there
 toward th’ corner with his back to you. an’
 shoots himself?”

    That—that was the way it appeared,”
 said the girl.

 “ He laid the will down?”

 “• Yes.”

 ■ Where did he lay it?-’

 '■ Why—” Miss Norgall paused and
 seemed to be trying to decide the question
 in point—'• i—1 didn’t notice. 1 was sur-
 prised by the change in his manner and
 was watching his face.’’

 “ You .don’t know just where he put it
 then?”
STARS OF EVIL.

187

  “ Xo, sir, I do not.”

  “ And he didn’t say a word? He didn't
say good-by or nuthin’ like that?’’

  “ Oh, no, no, no! ” The girl’s tones rose.
“I’ve told you just how it happened; 1
don’t know anything more." Suddenly her
whole demeanor became that of one whose
emotions are getting out of hand.

  But if Johnson noted, he gave no sign.
I fancied indeed that he was playing for
that very result. It was in keeping with
such an ending to hold this interview in the
room where the death had occurred. In a
way Johnson was using a mild form of
third degree, or so it appeared.

  “ This will left most of his property to
you?” he went on.

  “ So Mr. Chadbourne informed me. and
from what he read seemed to imply as
much.”

  Johnson nodded. “ That’s what Bancroft
says, too. and he ought to know, since he
drew the thing at Chadbourne’s orders. It
looks to me like th’ question is. did it say
what Bancroft says, or not.”

  “ I’ve told you Mr. Chadbourne told me
the same,” Miss Xorgall said.

  I took a hand for the second time. “ See
here, Johnson, just what is the good of all
this fuss about the will? You're trying
to find out the cause and nature of the
man’s death as I see it, not how or where
he chanced to bequeath his estate.”

  And Johnson grinned. “ And that's
where you’re wrong for once, Glace,” he re-
joined. “ If I could get my hands on that
will, I might know quite a lot more about
how Henry Chadbourne died.”

  “ If you could get your hands upon it?’’
I repeated in some surprise.

  He nodded his head. “ Yes. I told you
and Jim there a while ago, there was a lot
to dig up in this case. Bancroft and Miss
Xorgall say there was six thousand dollars
lyin’ on that desk when Chadbourne died,
and yet when we got here, that currency
couldn’t be found. Bancroft and Miss
Xorgall say Chadbourne drew a will makin'
her his chief heir, an’ Miss Xorgall says he
was readin’ it to her. and laid it down, just
before he reached for his gun. And yet
when we got here after Bancroft turned in
th' call, there wasn't a sign of th' thing.

Like the money Bancroft says he paid for
that note in his pocket, th’ will had disap-
peared.”

CHAPTER III.

WHO KNOWS?

FOR a moment nobody said a word, and
then it was Xadine Xorgall herself
who broke the pall of silence. And it
was I whom she addressed: “ Mr. Johnson
appears to be laboring under the belief that
the will did not contain what Mr. Bancroft
and I have said. He seems to be trying
to prove that we have misstated its con-
tents—that we waited until I was legally
adoped and then — then — then —” Ab-
ruptly she broke off and went on in a dif-
ferent tone, which rose and shook and
threatened to break from blended horror
and scorn. “ Oh—he has my pity for
having chosen his profession, if it has so
far destroyed his faith in anything good or
true in his fellow man, that he can enter-
tain such a suspicion as that!”

  Johnson flushed slowly, and his answer
at first was a scowl. Bryce cleared his
throat. “ Well, miss,” he began, “ you
see. he—"

  And Johnson cut him short. “ You’ve
got nuthin’ more to say then, miss?”

  Xadine shook her head. “ Xo. I’ve said
more than I intended already, I think.”
Johnson rose. He came to my side and
bent down. “ You talk to her,” he ad-
vised. “ I'm goin' out and see if my man
found anything new, before we come up.”

  I nodded and he left the room. I turned
my eyes back to the girl. She was sitting
with puckered brows and set lips watching
the man’s exit. “ The will really is missing,
Miss Xorgall?” I said.

  She sighed and gave me her attention.
“ Yes.”

  And then she asked a question in turn.
“ Mr. Glace, you said you and Mr. Bryce
were to represent Harvey and myself at his
request. That would presuppose that you
have seen him. How is he, may I ask?”
Plainly, Xadine Xorgall had a head of
her own. and could seize upon several facts
and work them into a deduction. I answered
188

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

her at once: “ Aside from a natural worry
about you, and this whole affair, he is all
right.”

  “ Thank you. Ts there anything I can
do to help you?” she accepted and sat with
hands clasped in her lap.

  “ Perhaps,” I replied. I had been taking
mental notes while Johnson had been con-
ducting his examination and I drew upon
them now: “ You said there were letters
on the desk to be signed, when Mr. Chad-
bourne was reading the will. Now—was
the typewriter desk open or closed at the
time?”

  “ Why—open. I remember that,” she
said in some surprise.

  “ What’s the notion?” Bryce inquired.

  “ Merely to find out how nearly the
room has been left as it was at that time,”
I returned. “That screen, Miss Norgall;
is it usually standing against the wall, or
so placed as to conceal the bow! in the
corner?”

  “ It is generally set in front of the bowl,”
she said, quickly. “ It was so placed until
the police arrived. One of them knocked
it over and set it aside."

  “ And that door with the mirror leads
where?” I pointed.

  •• Into a room at the rear of this. It is
the dining-room, Mr. Glace."

  “ And there was nothing to make you
think Mr. Chadbourne was in any way not
himself before he died?"

  The girl’s lips quivered. " No. After
Harvey went out, he called me to him. and
kissed me and callcd me his little girl, and
we talked for a few moments before he
read the will.”

  I nodded. “ Bancroft said he wanted to
speak to you alone. Mias Norgall, may I
ask you what you discussed?"

  Unexpectedly she flushed but she did not
refuse my request. “ He asked me if I
didn’t want to marry Harvey at once.” she
replied. “ He—he wanted me to stay here
with him, and let Harvey get another
stenographer at the office. He had already
broached the matter to Harvey and
Harvey—”

  " Was willin', I bet!’- Bryce said.

  “ Yes.” Miss Norgall dropped her eyes
and her tone was very low.

  " And now.” I said, “ I am going to ask
a painful question. Just where did the
body lay before it was removed?”

  Nadine rose, walked to a point almost
midway between the basin in the corner
and the desk and paused. “ Here."

  I joined her and so did Bryce. I got
down and scanned the rug and rose again
after a time. “ Miss Norgall,” I resumed,
“ I don’t suppose you know whether Mr.
Chadbourne had any enemies or not, or
any callers the day before he returned here
with you?”

  She shook her head. “ No—but—per-
haps I can and out about the last.” She
walked to the desk and pressed the same
button the department employee had used.

  As before,.Simmons appeared, and she
questioned him herself.

  He shook his head. “ No. miss,” he de-
clared. " not to-day. There was a caller
yesterday afternoon. Some sort of busi-
ness. 1 think. His name was Belmore.”

  “ Belmore? Andy Belmore?” said Bryce.
  “ I don’t know, sir.”

  *• Heavy set, dark complexioned fellow?”
  “ Yes, sir.”

. Bryce looked at me and I at him. I
think we both asked ourselves what sort of
business Belmore, shyster of all shyster
lawyers—last resort of crooks in time of
trouble—could have had with the dead
millionaire. But this was no place to dis-
cuss the matter and I once more addressed
the girl. " And there is nothing more you
can add to our information?”

  -	Nothing of which I can think, Mr.
Glace,” she said, looking full in my face.

  T turned toward the door in the end wall
of the room. “ And where does that go?”
I asked.

  •• Into a drawing-room. Mr. Glace.”

  “ So that it could be entered from the
hall—the drawing-room 1 mean?”

  “ Don’t!” Nadine cried swiftly, while her
eyes went wide and her lips parted. She
took a single step forward and laid a hand
on my arm. “ Oh, Mr. Glace—Harvey
didn't do it. He didn’t—he didn’t. He was
sitting in the hall when I ran out after
everything was over. He—couldn’t have
done it. He wouldn't have done it. There
was no reason.”
STARS OF EVIL.

189

  I looked into her troubled face, and it
was then I saw her eyes were blue—a deep
dark blue as they sought to question mine.
“ Steady,’’ I said. “ Keep your grip. Miss
Nadine. All I’m trying to do is to get the
lay of the land. I'm not Johnson, and I’m
not trying to fasten any crime on either
Bancroft or yourself. Rather I'm going
to leave nothing undone to show the police
and the world at large that neither of you
did it, before I am done. I’m going now.
but I'll likely see you again. In the mean-
time, keep cool and don't let any one scare
you or trick you into any unconsidered
statements. As Chadbourne’s heir you have
certain rights beyond which they dare not
go.”

  “ You're going now?" she faltered, and
suddenly it struck me she was like a child
dreading to be left alone in this house of
horror, with only old Simmons and the
policeman on guard. Since her outburst in
Bancroft’s behalf her attitude of cold calm
had left her and she stood before me young,
vital, appealing, warm, just a troubled little
girl.

  *• Where are you going?" she said.

  I smiled. " Wherever I go I want you to
feel it is in your interest, Miss Norgall." I
told her. “ Will you do that?"

  *• Yes.” She gave me her hand. *• You
are different from Johnson. I—oh, I hale
him—but—you are a gentleman, and 1 feel
I can trust your word, I—I am just going
to think of you as working for Harvey and
me until I see you again. Good-by."

  “ Good-by," I said and turned to Jim.
Together we left the room, and found
Johnson in the hall.

  “ Did she come across with anything at
all?” he greeted our approach.

  I shook my head and he scowled.

  “ She’s a wise jane," he declared. “‘ See
this door here, it leads into a sorter parlor,
and there’s a door from that to the other
room. A feller could have slipped in. and
back of that screen Chadbourne had setiin'
in front of his wash bowl and popped th'
old guy off dead easy, while the girl kept
his attention centered on her."

  “ An’ later stuck the gun under the body
you mean?" said Bryce.

  '• Oh. that of course." Johnson agreed.

   What caliber was the thing?" I in-
quired.

  •• Thirty-two of an old model," Johnson
replied.

  " Did your man find anything in his
search of the desk?” I next asked.

  Johnson grinned. “ Maybe. I don’t
know. I haven’t run it out yet, but—here.
You boys might as well work with us as
against us." He thrust a hand into a
pocket and pulled out a written sheet.

  Bryce and I bent above it. as Johnson
straightened it out. It was brief and to
the point.

  Henry Chadbourne:

    Sir: Four years ago it was through you I
  was sent into a cell. But for your interfer-
  ence I would to-day be a well-to-do man.
  When you thrust yourself into my affairs, I
  told I would kill you as soon as I was free.
  Well, I’m free now. But four years change
  a man's point of view, and I find myself
  more in need of funds than your life. There-
  fore T am asking you to purchase the latter
  by advancing me the amount of my four
  years' salary, which you can easily afford.

  So it’s rather up to you. If you are agree-
  able, you can simply run the word “Yes"
  and sign your name in the Personal Column
  of any daily paper inside the next week. I'm
  not signing this, because 1 feel sure you are
  fully aware of my name.

  "Holy mackerel!" said Jim. "Where
did he dig up that?"

  " In a drawer of Chadbourne’s desk—the
same where he had the will according to the
girl," Johnson informed.

  •‘An’ it’s not very old. judging by the
looks of the writin’ and the paper,” Jim
went on. “ I wonder how old it is. It
gave Chadbourne a week to get action.
Well—say—” He broke off and divided a
glance between Johnson and me.

  It was easy enough to complete his inter-
rupted sentence. If the time had expired,
say to-day, and the writer of the note had
really meant his threat.

    All very fine," Johnson growled, “ but
—you didn’t notice either Bancroft or the
girl pulling anything about anybody else
bein’ in that room, did you? They wouldn’t
have overlooked a bet like that.”

  " Just the same," I pointed out, “ this
proves Chadbourne had an enemy. I think.
It might not be a bad notion to look over
190

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

the files of the dallies for the past ten days
and see what we can find. Chadbourne
may have answered the note. If he did,
that would about take the value out of the
thing at the start.”

  “ I’ll have that run out yet to-night,”
Johnson declared. ‘ An’ if he didn’t answer
it, it may mean somethin’ and it may not.
Rich folks like him arc always gcttin' that
sort of stuff from mutts what think they
can make an easy touch.”

  There was some truth in his statement,
of course, and I did not argue the point.
“ But your man found no trace of the will
or the money?” I asked instead.

  “ Xo, he didn’t,” Johnson snapped, " and
he just about took the place to pieces, too."

  “ And there you are,” said Bryce, " the
beautiful thing about this whole works is
that it couldn't have happened, but did.
Chadbourne shoots himself without reason,
six thousand in bills disappear: a will
vanishes from sight, you folks take the
place to pieces, and shove the furniture
around—”

  “ Oh, can the chatter. Jim,” Johnson cut
him short. “ The coroner went over the
place before we began, of course.”

  “ Where’s the body?" I cut in. *■ At the
morgue or a private parlor?"

  '• It's down at the Steven.on people’s
place,” Johnson replied. •• 1 understand
Doc Sharp is going to do a pus/ mortem
this afternoon to make sure just how he
died.”

  He mentioned one of the city surgeons,
and a rather routine performance, in cases
such as this, where nothing is really left to
chance, until all other clues are exhausted.
Yet it struck me as almost needless here.
Everything pointed to the cause of the
millionaire’s death from a bullet. There
seemed no good reason for any such thing
as doubt.

  Consequently T rather stared as I made
my next remark: “ What for?”

  And Johnson grinned. " Well. Glace,
we’re sort of curious to know just how
Chadbourne died.”

  There was a twinkle in his eyes which
put me on my guard. All at once it came
to me that the city man was withholding
something from my knowledge, and some-

thing sufficiently important to justify an
autopsy on Chadbourne's body loo.

  “ How he died?” 1 countered quickly.
“ Say, Johnson, is there any question about
that?”

   " That is the question,” he replied.
l< And that's the way you propose to work
together, is it?” I rejoined. “ Now, come
across, or we split right here. What is there
funny about this thing which you’re hold-
ing out? Come on. Johnson—come clear.”
He sobered. “ All right,” he agreed.
" Xow, see here. If a man jumped and shot
himself like that girl says—with his own
gun—what would happen to his coat?”

   “ There would be a hole in it, of course,”
I said quickly, “ and if the gun were held
close enough the cloth would most likely be
scorched.”

  Johnson nodded. " Correct. And the
gun would almost have to be held close
enough for a man to turn his wrist and
shoot himself in the heart, wouldn’t it,
Glace?”

    Yes,” I assented. “ I should think it
would.”

  Once more Johnson grinned. " Well—as
it happens. Chadbourne’s coat had a hole
in it. ail right, but--it wasn't scorched.
There wasn't even a smell of powder about
it. or a grain of powder b its mesh.”

  I looked ai Bryce. Mis face was a mask
of surprise. Then 1 looked at Johnson.
And while ! looked. ! saw not only the man
but the entire horrible bearing of what he
said, if true. Chadbourne had been shot
from a distance—and the gun had been
placed beneath him. after he was dead.
Then—then—

  Johnson was speaking again: “ So I
guess maybe you boys can see v.hv I'm so
damned sure Chadbourne was bumped off
by some other hand than his own, and am
keepiir my grip on the only two who by
their own confession was with him at the
time.”

  " But he was shot, wasn't he?” stam-
mered Jim. *• You know it, and you know
somebody else did it. Then what's the
good of this here ‘ post ’?”

  “ Simply this,” Johnson said. “ Doc
Sharp has some sort of wise dope on th’
effect of bullet’s strikin’ force. What he’s

I
STARS OF EVIL.

191

after is to find the sort of slug hit the old
man, and from that he’ll figure out just
about how far off the one who fired it stood
at the time, and we'll know whether this
girl is lyin’ about somebody else bein’ in
that room or not."

  I saw it all plainly enough and I couldn’t
blame Johnson really for the stand he was
taking in the matter. Surely, if he were
right and there was no reason to doubt that
he was, then there must be some flaw in
the statements of both Bancroft and the
girl. And more than that the weapon with
which Chadbourne was alleged to have shot
himself must have been placed beneath his
dead body after it had fallen. And if no
one had been in the house with Chadbourne
save those two and the old servitor. Sim-
mons, then what could the city detective du
save set a guard over the girl and take
Bancroft to jail? It was the reasonable
course. It was the only course—the one
which in his place I must have taken my-
self.

  And yet I couldn't believe it. Bancroft
hadn’t acted to me like a man with a burden
of guilt, and I couldn't bring myself to view
the girl whom I had just left in the room
where Chadbourne had died, as one who
had killed in cold blood. She had stood
beside me. I had looked down into her
widened eyes. They had been dark with
trouble, pleading, but surely not clouded
with fear, or any sense of guilt. They had
met my own regard fully. They hail not
narrowed nor sought to veil themselves in
the least. Then what. I asked myself, had
happened in that room down the hall?

  Johnson noted my pause. " (live.- you
something to chew on, eh?" he remarked.
“ Glace, I’ve a notion this is one time you
wise little guys are in bad.”

  His words were like a spark in powder to
Jim. He liked Johnson as 1 knew, yet
always, when they had worked together,
they had differed on many points. " Oh.
I don't know.” he said now in a growl.
“ We’ve chewed a hole in more'n one theory
you’ve advanced in the past. I’m willin’
to admit it looks a cinch for you right now-
all right, but wait till the smoke clears off.
Things ain’t always the way they seem."

  His words steadied me some way and

brought me back from the field of con-
jecture into which I had strayed. Suddenly,
a.- plainly as though spoken, I seemed to
hear again the words I had heard over the
wire in the “ dog house ” at the station:
“ And then my friend, come to me.”

  And suddenly I sensed that Semi-Dual
was calling me to him, in that strange tele-
pathic way he used at times when he de-
sired mv presence and knew not where
I was. And if Dual was calling it was
because he was ready to enter the tangled
scheme of things surrounding the end of
Chadbourne's life. I looked at Johnson.
" You staying here or going back?” I asked.

  "Oh, I'll stick around for a while yet,
I guess,” he told me and smiled. “ I’m
go in' to chin that girl a bit about this note
we found.”

  “ All right,” I agreed and turned to
Bryce. “ Come Jim, let's get along.”

  He followed me out and down to the
street. On the corner below the house we
caught a car. Jim sighed as we took a
seat. " Son." he began. “ not countin’ my
defi to Johnson as anything but sound, I
ain't so sure but we ’re in bad on this job,
myself.”

   •• You think the girl killed him?" I said.
   “ Xo. I don't,” he declared.

  •	Then you think that Bancroft fired the

shot?"

  He shook his head. “ I don't know what
I think,” he replied. "But if Chadbourne's
coat wasn't even powder-marked, he never
killed himself."

  " Well,” I said, “ since neither one of us
knows what to think, the best thing is to
go to some one who may put us right, I
guess. He told me to come up when we
had been to the house.”

  Jim nodded. “ I reckon,” he agreed and
said no more on the way down town.

  A? for myself, impatience urged me more
and more. With Jim I entered the LTrania’s
doors and caught a car through to the
twentieth floor. At the top I still led the
way tip the staircase to the roof and into
the garden warm under the westering sun.

  And then as always when I went there,
the place took hold upon me. It was quiet,
beautiful, calm, with its growing things, the
scent of which struck like some subtle in-
192

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

cense to my senses ar>ci seemed to soothe
the harassment of my mind. Beyond me
the tower shone white in the afternoon
light. The music of a tiny fountain struck
my ear. A dove cooed somewhere in the
vines which covered the parapet wall. A
tiny sun-dial stood beside the central path
to the tower door. Its circle was carved in
Arabic symbols, whose meaning I had been
told:

   Eternal justice—eternal light

  Lie in the hand of God—from Whom comes
     light;

  Light—it lay all about me, pure, softly
golden, as I paused and drank in the scene.
Would the one who dwelt here, who had
made this, strange place for his abode, be
able to let in a mental light on the dark
snarl of human tragedy with which Bryce
and I and a girl and a man stood con-
fronted?

  And suddenly I smiled. Why not? I
had seen him do it before. Why should
I doubt him now? And yet each time I
viewed the man’s calm use of the higher
forces of light with a wonder which never
died. I had wondered the first lime 1 had
seen it. I had wondered ever since. Only
now with my wonder was blended faith.
Then why was I waiting here beside the
dial outside his door?

  I turned and with Jim still at my -heels,
went toward the tower and Semi-Dual.

CHAPTER IV.

  THE SUN, THE MOON AND THE STARS.

HE sat in that inner room of his I have
so often described, beside his great
desk, with the golden light of after-
noon pouring in through a window and
throwing his quiet features into striking re-
lief. They were strong, those features.
They gave one a sense of latent power, of
forces held in conserved control, ready for
instant and purposeful use.

  And the light, too, fell on his robes of
purple and white which he wore hy custom
when at home, flashing the purple in vivid
refraction, touching the white to an almost
amber glow.

   Before him on the desk was a veritable
 litter of paper; sheets and sheets, covered
 with circles, with symbols, with numbers—
 the things I knew he used in probing the
 mysteries of life—astrological calculations
 —the media through which he asked his
 questions of the cosmic forces, and through
 which they replied. Odd? Yes, odd of
 course, to see a man seat himself and seek
 *to learn the truth of death, of murder, of
 violence and crime by figures set down on
 sheets of virgin white. But T had seen him
 do it before, and find the answer which he
 sought. And my heart leaped as he lifted
 his deep gray eyes and met my inquiring
 glance.

   And then he spoke: “ My friends, you
 have given into my hands one of the most
 complete and finished problems that has
 ever come to me. In this case of a mil-
 lionaire's death, the horary figure alone ap-
 pears to contain all essential elements both
 of cause and effect, to predicate the death
 beyond any question, and to predicate as
 well—the end.”

   A funny little thrill ran through me at
 the words. Assuranrj had rung in my
 strange friend’s tones. Assurance of what?
 He had said i’:e end. Could he mean—
 could he possibiy mean I ha l already, while
 Bryce and I were merely confused by con-
 flicting details a:.d objective appearance, he
 had reached the actual end of the affair?
 The thing passed belief. And yet he had
 said " the end.”

   Bryce took the words off Dual's lips as
 Semi paused. " Th' end?” he mouthed.
 “ You mean th' real end, Mr. Dual? You
 mean you sot that far along already? That
 you know how the thing will turn out?
 Well—I’ve knowed you for a long time,
 hut I never knew you to pull it as strong
 as that." He drew out a crumpled kerchief,
 sank into a chair, and began to mop his
 face. “ Why—it ain't much more than
 started yet, an' Cordon an' me ain't found
 out nuthin' much worth while.”

   Dual smiled slightly as I let myself down
 in a chair at the end of the desk. " That,”
 he replied. " makes small difference to such
 a figure as I have erected since my con-
 versation over the wire with Gordon this
 afternoon. The figure, as you surely know
STARS OF EVIL.

193

 by now, Mr. Bryce, may run far ahead of
 the actual events in those other events it
 foreshadows. It is but a reasoning from
 known or given cause to preknown and cer-
 tain effect. It is but, after all,, a mathe-
 matical calculation, the answer to which, if
 correctly attained, must, past all doubt, be
 right.”

  Bryce sighed. As always, Dual’s calm
announcements had shaken his nerves. “ I
ain’t no mathematician,” he said as Semi
paused. “ But—I’ve seen you do it before
—so all right. What have you found out?”

  Semi shook his head. “ Suppose we first
let Gordon tell me what you have already
learned.”

  I knew well enough what he wanted.
Time and again before I had sat where I
sat now and talked to the keen intelligence
of this man, which seized upon each fact
I named and' seemed to mentally set it
aside, classify it and put it away for future
reference.

  I began my tale. Dual lay back in his
chair and closed his eyes. Thereby it
seemed that he shut out all external dis-
traction, and focused upon the one sense of
hearing the entire perceptive powers of his
brain. He did not move nor speak to in-
terrupt. He lay relaxed and listened. At
such times it had always seemed to me that
the physical being of the man went into
complete abeyance; that for the space
through which I.spoke, he became in all,
save his vital functions, no more than a
centered mind.

  Concentration—the ability to shut out all
—everything else and give full attention to
one separate thought or thing. No mao I
have ever known possessed the power to
the same degree as Dual.

  And knowing that I spoke to his wait-
ing brain, I told it all, the whole course of
the day, our talk with Bancroft, our visit
to the Chadbourne house, our conversation
with Johnson, the finding of the threaten-
ing note, the fact of the coming post
mortem and the object at which it was
aimed.

  At the end he sat up and opened his
eyes, and once more he smiled. “ Appear-
ance— appearance,”, he said. “We are
prone, we mortals, to go so much by that.

   2	A-S

 Thrust a straight stick into a pool of water
 and the stick seems bent. That is the
 refraction of light, as any schoolboy knows
 to-day. But—facts may be refracted even
 as light by the media through, which they
 are seen and be bent from their true course,
 and so be taken amiss, and be thought other
 than they are. And yet facts and light are
 both needful things in this life we lead, and
 like the schoolboy, we must learn to under-
 stand the reason back of any distortion of
 either which may occur.”

   Jim sat up. “ I reckon you mean this
 here don’t look like it is,” he broke out.
 “ Well, I told Johnson something like that
 to-day myself.’

   “ Johnson,” said Semi-Dual, “ is viewing
 facts through the media of his understand-
 ing and experience, Mr. Bryce. Yet in the
 situation as narrated by Glace, one may find
 both facts and light.”

   I caught up' his final words. “ You mean
 then that our work has been of value—that
 it fits in with your own calculations?”

   “ Yes.” Dual turned and lifted a sheet
 of paper from the desk. I saw that it bore
 a circle, cut into segments by intersecting
 lines, and marked here and there by various
 symbols of astrological meaning, such as I
 had seen him employ before.

   “ In this figure,” he began, “ the major
 course, at least, of the whole affair concern-
 ing the Chadbourne tragedy is shown. As
 a matter of caution I shall go over it again
 and check it in every way I may to prevent
 against errors creeping in, but at the same
 time this horary figure is singularly com-
 plete. In it Saturn and Mercury appear in
 conjunction, both stationary at present, but
 one about to become retrograde and the
 other direct. Furthermore, this conjunction
 occurs in partile to the longitude of the sun.
 Such a configuration, when taken in con-
 -nection with the position of certain other
 of the planets, would almost certainly show
 that two persons were jointly concerned in
 Henry Chadbourne’s death.”

   “ Two! ” Bryce almost groaned the single
 word. His jaw sagged and his eyes widened
 with the sudden conception which seemed
 to have entered his brain.

   Nor could I blame him myself. Dual’s
 almost didactic statement had fitted so com-
194

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

 pletely with the theory of the police that I
 myself was conscious of a strange pre-
 monitory thrill.

  “ Two,” said Semi once more. “ Saturn
is coldly planning. Mercury is a change-
able planet, facile, ready of wit, but lighter
than the more positive planet with which it
shows in conjunction, and hence dominated
by it during the conjunction. But as both
are stationary now, and about to become
either retrograde or direct, both are more
or less weak and therefore dominated them-
selves by the sun, in whose heart they are.
The sun, in this figure, I feel safe in as-
suming, may be used to represent the
powers of law, either the law of man or that
higher and never-changing one, not made
by human minds.”

  Jim nodded. His expression was one of
hopeless dejection. “ An’ Bancroft is a
lawyer,” he complained. “ And you say
this Saturn is a cold an’ calculatin’ guy,
an’ Mercury is a changeable person, who-
ever Mercury is, an’ I guess that ought to
fit a woman, all right.”

  Dual gave him a glance. “ You make
your deductions quickly, Mr. Bryce,” he
said, and once more referred to the paper in
his hand.

  “ Jupiter here is strong and swift in
motion, in trine to the sun, hence in trine
to Saturn and Mercury as well, and at the
same time afflicted by their zodiacal parallel.
Venus next appears in conjunction with
Jupiter, and hence holds the same position
in regard to the sun and the other two
planets already mentioned, but with her in-
fluence partaking of the nature of the
stronger planet with which she is placed,
since Venus too is a mutable planet, taking
on the dominant force of the planet with
which she is conjoined.”

  “ Venus,” said Bryce, and grinned. “ I
guess you was right a minute ago when you
said I made my deductions fast. Maybe I
made ’em too fast, eh? Venus is a woman.
•I know that much. And there's only one
skirt in this affair.”

Semi-Dual smiled as he replied. “ Venus
is feminine in nature, Mr. Bryce, but I can
hardly agree with your final statement that
only one woman is concerned in this case.”
“ What — er — that is you mean there’s

another mixed up in the thing?” Bryce
stared.

  “ I feel assured of that,” Dual replied.
“ Mars in this figure of mine is posited in
a feminine sign. That would predicate a
second female agent in the matter. I will
even go as far as to give you her personal
appearance, if you like. She will be dark-
haired, a brunette, with a small nose, possi-
bly pointed, and of a mercenary turn of
mind. And as Mars is in square to Uranus,
in square to Saturn, in square to Mercury,
and in square to the sun, signifying, among
other things, cold-blooded calculation and
love for money, keen wit used in a wrong-
ful cause or causes, and friction with the
duly constituted authorities of the law, we
may consider that she must enter into this,
and that since Mars is not a weak planet in
the figure, her connection will be not direct
as an agent of Chadbourne’s actual death,
but rather that she will prove to be an ac-
cessory either before or after the fact,
preferably the last.”

  “ Hold on, I don’t get that at all!” Jim
exclaimed. “ You mean some such dame is
mixed up in this, of course, but what do you
mean by an accessory after the fact?
Where does that come in?”

  “ An accessory after the fact comes in
after the primary factor, Mr. Bryce,” said
Dual.

  “ After Chadbourne was dead, then?”
said Jim.

  “ Yes, Mr. Bryce — after Chadbourne’s
death.”

  “ And ”—Jim leaned forward as he spoke
—“ is there anything in that figure of yours
showin’ as Chadbourne himself?”

  “ Naturally.” Semi smiled. “ Uranus
stands, I think, for the dead millionaire.
It is an eccentric planet, ruler of sudden
and inexplicable deaths. In this chart of
mine it is retrograde and in square to Mars,
and eclipsed by the moon, at the time when
Chadbourne died. Hence I feel sure we
may assume that it stands for the man him-
self, and that its position and the manner
in which it is aspected indicates death by a
martial tool—a revolver in this case, as we
know.

  “ Now, in addition to all else on which
I have touched, we have to consider the
STARS OF EVIL.

195

moon, and the aspects which it will form
from the moment of Chadbourne’s death
until the culmination of the whole affair.
The moon eclipsed Uranus at the instant
Chadbourne died. It blotted Chadbourne
out. From that position it will pass to a
square with Mars, to an opposition with
Saturn, to an opposition with Mercury, of
course, to an opposition with the sun, and
from_ there to a sextile with Jupiter and
Venus, where the case will come to an end.”
“ You mean it will end when the moon
has gone from one to another of those posi-
tions and brings up at the last place you’ve
named?” Jim inquired.

  “ Yes."

  “ And you dope out all this you say just
from the way theseplanets are placed one
to another—th’ way one of them affects
another, an’ because this Uranus is blotted
out, you figure him as Chadbourne, an’ you
pick out who did him up, by the way they’re
hooked up with the planet you take for
him?”

  “ Exactly.” Dual inclined his head.
“ Some positions are good and others are
bad, and some may be one or the other, de-
pending upon the nature of the planets
which go to make up the figure, my friend.
Even certain planets may be good or bad,
according to their position at the time. The
moon and Mercury are mutable, partaking
of the nature of the other planets when
ruled by them; and the same is true of
Venus, if certain conditions arise. And the
sun, if strong, becomes a relentless task-
master—overriding all.” His voice rose
slightly at the last and rang with a strange,
unwonted timbre. “ In this case he proves
so, indeed, and through him justice is done.”
“ Through the law?”

  “ Aye,” said Dual, “ through the law—
the law of eternal justice. For he stands
in a good position to the symbols of good,
and in evil aspect to the things which are
evil in this. So shall the end be brought
about in God’s good time, since He it was
who set His fiery symbols in the sky!”

  “ Gosh, I hope so!” Bryce averred. “ It
sounds all right when you say it. But—
what do I and Gordon do?”

  Semi-Dual turned his eyes to me. They
were deep, alive with a singular living light.

Yet his words came softly in reply: " Wait
—wait on the lady moon, my friends, while
she slips from spot to spot on the checker-
board of days and nights.”

  “ Wait?” I said. “ Semi—you mean ex-
actly that?”

  “ Wait and learn what you may to sup-
port the message of the stars and that end-
ing they foretell when the proper time is
come. For, my friends, as the tides are
swayed by the moon, so are men and wo-
men swept irresistibly toward good or evil
by the stars which dominate their lives.”
Then indeed I felt sure. Semi knew.
Despite anything which might transpire in
the days and nights to come before the
thing was ended, he was assured of the end.
But he knew mankind would not believe—
that even for Bryce, who had seen him do
this same thing before, it was at times hard
to accept his statements in simple faith.
Hence to'Brvce and me would fall the task
of producing those material facts which
alone mankind would accept. “ Have you
any special course to suggest?” I inquired.

  “ No,” Dual said. “ In this you must
use your own instinctive leadings for the
present, at least, being assured that the
influences are such that barring the con-
scious outside interference of some one able
to read the preordained termination, each
actor in this drama of life will move as the
stars direct. Should there arise a need, I
shall not hesitate to suggest or direct, and
so throw such conscious interference into
the scales of fate on the side of justice.”
Bryce drew a long breath as Semi paused
and once more plunged into the blind wall
before our eyes, which was no wall to Semi-
Dual. “ But—see here. I’m willin’ to do
what you say. I know what you can do.
I ain’t doubtin’, you understand; and all
you’ve said fits in pretty well with what we
know, as far as it goes. The description
fits the Norgall girl pretty close, an’ that
mercenary business, th’ love of money, hits
on her havin’ been adopted an’ made Chad-
bourne’s heir, an’ th’ accessory after the
fact—might mean she was simply tryin’ to
cover up what Bancroft did. since you say
there was two of them in it, an' th’ one
Mercury stands for didn’t have as strong a
part as was played by this Saturn guy.
196

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

   “ Of course that may not be right, either.
You said Venus was in it, too. an’ that she
might be evil, provided conditions was
right. But? accordin’ to that, both dames
mixed up in the deal are crooked, an’ I can't
make out which is which. Now, if you
know, why don’t you put me an' Gordon
wise, so we can get a better notion of what
we’re doin’ before we start out?”

  That was one of the longest speeches I
had ever heard Jim give voice to in my
life. I judged from that the depths of his
disturbed emotions, and I know that Semi
did too, since he at once replied:

  “ Your question is natural enough, 1
must admit. I hope that my answer will
seem reasonable to you. Some moments
ago I declared that unless disturbed by out-
side and intelligent interference the course
of this case would move step by step to a
predetermined end. Intelligent interference
would, of necessity, be based on definite
knowledge of what that end might be.

  “ For fate is fate, insomuch only as
ignorance prevails. To him who knows the
things to come, to him who knowingly faces
his fate as portended, yet resists, there is no
longer fate. A man may ‘ grapple with his
evil star,’ as Browning says, and cast its
threat aside, provided that he knows the
power enwrapped in every soul to such an
end.

  “ And since this fact is true, I deem it
best, although I know the end the stars fore-
tell, to hold my tongue. That conscious in-
terference I have named must come not
from the side of evil, but, if at all, from
those who stand for right. And that which
has been given to me—that foreknowledge
granted me in this; not for myself, but for
Others; to safeguard them—I shall keep for
the present to myself, unless some, need for
its use shall arise. My friend, do you
understand?”

  Jim nodded. “I reckon,” he said. “May-
be I might get too cock-sure, if I knew, and
spill something to Johnson or somebody
else. An’ a leak would be enough to tip
over the beans. So it’s just ‘ watchful wait-
in’ ’ for Gordon an' me right now?”

  “ Workful waiting, I think,” said Dual
with a smile.

  “ Anyway, tell me this, if you can,” Jim

went on. “ Was there anything in that
figure of yours that hinted at that will
dropping out of sight?”

  “ I was positive something of such a
nature would arise,” Semi said. “ I was
not sure what until Gordon gave his report.
But—the cusp of the house of money—
the second house—is afflicted by Mercury
first and by Saturn next, and the cusp of
the house which governs such things as
secret documents and wills is ruled by Nep-
tune, a secretive planet—a portent of hid-
ings, of hidden things in secret places.
Hence Gordon’s statement did not take me
by surprise.”

  “ No,” said Jim. “ I reckon not. I
reckon it would take a mighty sudden jolt
to give you a surprise. But I can see your
way of dopin' it out a little bit, at least.
Mercury affects the house of money first,
an'—well we know about how correct that
is, I guess. She was to get all Chadbourne
had. Then Saturn gets in his work—an’ th’
will fails to show up. Them two hid it, I
guess. That’s what Johnson thinks too.
Well, I guess all we can do is get busy and
sort of help the moon deliver her punch!”
“ Exactly.” Dual agreed. " Work, and
work with a full assurance that in the ful-
ness of time the guilty will meet their just
deserts from the law—not perhaps the law
of man, Mr. Bryce, but above that—the
law of God! They will reach it through
the relentless power of the sun and their
mutual connection with this crime. They
will reach it through each other, 1 think.”

“ Through each other?” 1 broke in.
Dual inclined his head. “ Planets so
posited to each other and within the heart
of the sun, must destroy each other, my
friend.”

  “ Must?" 1 queried again with a strange
and sudden fulness in my throat.

  ‘‘Must!'’ Dual laid his paper on the
desk. To me, who knew him so well, the
action was as final as the word.

  “ Sure!” Jim nodded his head. “ After
about so long somebody is going to blow
up an’ crab the other’s game. But, see
here, Mr. Dual, what about that note John-
son’s man found this afternoon?”

  “ That is something I think will bear in-
vestigation.” Semi declared. “ The result
Missing Page: Page 197

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org
Missing Page: Page 198

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org
FORBIDDEN FRUIT.

199

and thrust her into a life-boat just as it
slipped from the davits.

  The knowledge that Jones, who was
ruinously high in his fees, would charge him
nothing, coupled with his aversion to meet-
ing women, alone had prevented Holt from
Seeking his advice. He recalled his errand,
and spoke.

  “ I came to book you for a ride in Sea-
man’s quadriplane,” he explained. “ You
remember him—a soph in our time, shark
on mathematics. lie has perfected a sort
of superseaplane. Great chance for us!”
Jones shook his head smilingly.

  “ No use, old-timer! You know me. A
rathskeller, with a small and select party
—no women—and I’ll put this cerebrum
on ice and go. I respect aviation in all its
forms, but don’t care a hoot about seeing or
doing it.”

  Holt grunted.

  “ What you doing with that odious mess,
anyhow?” He pointed at the specimen on
the table.

  “ That? Oh, 1 forgot to introduce you.
Pardon the oversight. Meet the late Lucius
Treat, who suffered from locomotor ataxia,
paresis, paranoia, and a few other minor
afflictions, and died leaving four promising
young cretins to vote for president by and
by! I’m putting a section of his brain in
my projector, to see if I can identify any
cellular lesions.”

  “ You’re higher up in the clouds than
Seaman will ever get! Why don’t you do
something practical? Who cares a hang
whether Treat has any lesions or not?
Whatever he had, you couldn't cure him
of, and he’s dead. Why don’t you accom-
plish something we can make use of?-’

  “ As what, for instance?”

  “ Well — er — you spend all your time
monkeying with the human intellect and its
repulsive envelope; why not teach us how
to be prophets?”

  “ Oh, I don’t know! Just what is a
prophet, anyhow? Whatever he is, he isn't
a long-whiskered seer peering into the vapor
of some witches’ caldron. Did you ever
stop to consider that in every great war of
the past two thousand years, some one has
pointed out that the prophet Daniel foretold
it in the Old Testament? It is so to-day.

Also, that in each event of world-wide
import, there have been uttered predictions
covering every possible outcome? And that
some one of these must, of course, guess
right? Thereupon we get that ‘ I told you
so ’ stuff. It now appears that this present
debacle was foretold over and over again.”
“ There’s something in that, of course;
but you’re talking of jalse prophets. I’m
speaking of the genuine article, if he exists.”
“ Very good! When you read a properly
constructed mystery story, you find in the
last chapter a climax the necessary elements
of whose solution were all present in the
preceding pages, it you had possessed the
type of mind capable of reading them
aright. Most editors and many observant
readers do forecast the conclusion. Well,
life is a mystery plot. All the clues are
present—nothing is wanted but a mind
capable of winnowing the chaff out and
matching up the essential fragments. In
other words, a prophet needs but two
things: sufficient data, and the logical
a priori and a posteriori intellect to utilize
it.”

  “ Ve-ry simple, learned healer! Proving
either that no such mind exists in mortal
born of woman, or that the data is lacking.”
“ Proving nothing of the sort, my egg-
headed legal friend. Such minds exist, and
the data is all garnered. All that is needed
is to make it available.”

  “ Then why—”

  Dr. Jones silenced Holt with a bony fore-
finger, stained with something unpleasant,
and reeking of germicide.

  “ Holt, I could manufacture a prophet as
easily as I can make a new nose by the
gentle rhinoplastic art. But who wants
to be a prophet?”

  “ I, for one! Ever since I was a kid I've
dreamed of clairvoyance, fortune-telling, the
gift of prophecy.”

  “ You’ve dreamed of bunk. I should
create, not a supernatural attribute, but a
perfectly normal and material function. I
should simply make available to your excel-
lent brain the store of facts it already
possesses, but cannot get at.”

  “ Talk down to me, doc! If I’ve got the
dope, lead me to it! How do I get to bring
my powerful intellect to bear on it all?”
200

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

   Jones seated himself opposite his visitor,
brushing aside a clutter of empty vials,
stubs of pencil, fragmentary notes on old
envelope backs, a piece of skull with a silver
plate set in it, and other odds and ends, to
make room for his elbows.

   “ Do you know that men are quite likely
to die of the disease they repeatedly dream
they’ve contracted?’’ he asked.

   “ Nope! Never followed the dream-book
and Mother Shipton.”

   “ Well, it is a fact! To such an extent
that we of to-day make these recurrent
dreams a part of our diagnosis. Reason
why: there are a lot of little telltale symp-
toms too obscure to impress the conscious-
ness, perhaps even to be noted by the
family physician; but the subconsciousness
takes note of them all, as of everything else,
and in your sleep, they are cast up on the
cerebral shore. We have hundreds of such
dreams, few of which we recall. Only the
vivid ones are remembered. Every per-
sistent dream is worthy of our attention,
Freud assures us, and his dictum is generally
accepted by the profession.”

   “ But this is a long, long way from the
gift of prophecy!”

   “No, it isn’t! Consider that your sub-
liminal mind is a vast storehouse, where
every impression, however trivial, is regis-
tered and filed away. This includes the
myriad of seemingly irrelevant facts that
we are not aware of noting at all; every bit
of color, each pebble in our paths, the
faintest sound, the most elusive odor, a frag-
ment of a dozen conversations overheard
simultaneously during the intermission at a
play, the meaningless sequence of numbers
shouted by a quarterback at a football game
you saw twenty years ago, as well as
the license-number of every automobile you
ever carelessly glanced at, the shape of the
buttons on the coat of your great-uncle,
the taste of a fruit eaten when you visited
India as a child—all this lumber besides
what you regard as 'important facts. You
never forget anything; you only think you
do. If, now, your brain had access to this
stupendous mass of information covering
every printed word you ever read, every
spoken syllable you ever heard, why, you’d
be a sort of little god, wouldn't you?”

   “ I'd be the original little tin god of
Manhattan! ”

  “ And inasmuch as there is no such
thing as an isolated fact, each item being a
link in a chain, with its own past and
future, and its interrelation to other facts,
the logical mind could, from its accumu-
lated data, predict the future exactly as a
professional reader can forecast the end of
a novel. Thus, to make you into a very
fair prophet. I would have merely to put
you in touch with your own private collec-
tion of facts.”

  “ Simple as that, eh? Mere matter of
introduction. Mr. Holt, meet your own
subconsciousness! Greetings, subcon, old
top! Delighted, I’m sure!”

   Jones grunted.

   " I'm not irreligious, as you know; I sup-
pose I’m more or less non-religious. But
every scientific explorer comes at times to a
sort of psychic wall he recognizes as bearing
the sign ' no trespassing.’ In his rambles
he finds a tree of knowledge, of whose fruit
he knows he should not eat. Fact, Holt;
I’ve passed up a number myself. Don’t
pretend to know why, but there are a few
things too big for finite man to attempt.
They belong to whomever you worship.
Carry too high a voltage for our brains, at
their present stage of development. Burn
out our fuses, so to speak. Get the idea?”
“Oh, yes, as a theory. But I’d sure
admire to meet up with that subconscious-
ness of mine!”

  “ That's managed easily enough. It’s a
shy bird—comes out at night in your sleep,
or in delirium, or the hypnotic state. But
it’s playing with dynamite!”

  “ You mean to tell me it is positively
dangerous to be hypnotized?”

   “Not in the least! It does not even place
one in the power of the hypnotizer, as
popular superstition has it. Of course, if
one repeatedly submits to suggestion from
another he does come in time to yield more
readily: but I could not hypnotize you
against your will, even if I had several times
done so at your request. It’s not the danger
of that, but of the possible ascendancy of
that subconsciousness, a sort of sleeping
giant, an animal without soul or sentiment,
which is normally subordinate to the mind,
FORBIDDEN' FRUIT.

201

but abnormally its tyrant, as in the well
authenticated instances of multiple per-
sonality. Good servant, poor master, you
know.”

   “ Well, I have a pretty good will, a
 copper-riveted digestion, and no nerves
 worth mentioning. 1 don't believe what
 you say, anyhow; but I’m game enough to
 take a chance! If you can open up that
 mental library of mine so I can prowl about
 in it and look into a few volumes, just
 enough, you understand, to do a few cute
 little parlor tricks of prophesying—”

   For a long time Dr. Jones stared in si-
 lence at the faintly cynical face of Holt;
 so long, in fact, that the latter stirred
 uneasily, half suspecting that the physician
 was trying to hypnotize him. At length
 Jones shook himself and spoke.

   “ By George, you've no sort of business
 to tempt me like this! If you knew how-
 many times I’ve wanted to try something
 of the sort, and was too decent to do it—
 afraid to, if you want to know. If your
 family history were not so sound, if I didn’t
 know what a bone-headed sturdy, common
 sense old chap you are. I’d throw you
 through my window, sash and all, at the
 risk of ruining my crocuses planted just
 below. As it is—no, I’m damned if I do!"

   “Quitter!” jeered Holt. “I’ve called
 your bluff!”

   Jones laughed nervously. His voice actu-
 ally trembled as he replied: "You win!
 I’ll do it, and we’ll see what happens!”

   He rose and crossed the room to a rickety
 cupboard, in which he fumbled until he
 found what he was after: a little upright
 rod with a sort of a two-bladed propeller
 balanced on the top. made of highly polished
 mirrors. This he set down upon the table,
 once more darkened the room and then, in-
 means of a paper funnel, focused the light
 of a single incandescent upon the mirrors.

   “ Hypnotism, as you probably know, is
 produced most readily by eye-strain. If
 you fix your gaze upon this bright object,
 and relax physically and mentally, you will
 yield as soon as your retina is fatigued. I
 can produce auto-hypnosis at any time.
 Often do it when Fin alone here and haven't
 time for a real sleep. Don't think of any-
 thing in particular, or worse yet, make a

 conscious effort not to think. If I don’t
 make the experiment now, I’ll repent, and
 you'll lose your chance to be the only real
 prophet in captivity. Now look steadily!”
 He turned a switch in the standard of
 the rod, and the little mirrors began to
 revolve swiftly and noiselessly.

   “ Didn't work, hey?” laughed Holt as
Dr. Jones opened the wooden shutters a
second time to the light of day.

     I didn’t notice any hitch,” said Jones
coolly. •• You were ‘ out ’ about three
minutes."

   •• Huh! Well, I don’t feel like a prophet,”
complained Holt, rubbing his eyes, which
felt a little as they always did after follow-
ing a five-reel photoplay.

   •• .Much you know how a prophet feels!
Did you expect to begin to bawl forth dire
warnings before you leave the room?”

   “ Do you really believe you’ve changed a
fairly good solicitor into a bum prophet just
by making him stare at a silly toy in the
dark for a few moments?”

   " I’ve done this, my old college chum:
I’ve roused your subconsciousness and sug-
gested that for one week your brain shall
have free access to its storehouse. One
week, mind you! No longer. And if you
are not glad when the seven days are past,
I m a chiropodist! I count on your mental
fiber to stand the strain for that period.”

   " You flatter me! Meanwhile, as I pro-
pose to take in that photoplay, prophet or
no. I’ll toddle along. Thanking you for an
interesting half-hour, el cetera—”

   -	You don't happen to feel any premoni-
tions as to the weather for to-morrow, do
you?" asked Jones, as he opened the door
for him. " The reports say ‘ continued fair
and warmer.' but I’ve a particular reason
for wishing to know definitely! ”

   " Not a premonish, doc!” Holt laughed
back over his shoulder. “ If I’m a prophet,
I'm only a stuffed one!”

   The screen-thriller put entirely out of
Holt's mind the curious interview with his
scientific friend. Once or twice that eve-
ning it occurred to him. but merely as a
transient thought. He even forgot to men-
tion it in the family circle, as he had
intended. While preparing for bed, he had
202

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

a moment of seriousness, recalling that to
Dr. Jones anything relative to science was
almost sacred, and that a pseudo-scientific
hoax was utterly foreign to his nature. Un-
questionably he believed what he had said.

  Holt switched off the lights, and that
night, if he dreamed at all, he could not
recall having done so when he awakened
next morning. Xor had he thought of the
matter at all when he took his place at the
head of the breakfast-table.

  It was out of a clear sky that the first
demonstration of his new power came to
him. There had been the usual desultory
morning table-talk; references to items in
the daily paper, weather banalities, grum-
blings because the toast was scorched, the
give and take of a meal en jamille, when
in the midst of a reply to some idle query
of his wife, when his eyes were resting by
chance upon the serene face of his mother,
there unrolled before him as a scroll the
coming three years of her life.

   As if he were witnessing a motion-picture,
he beheld her seized with convulsions while
she was knitting in her sunny chamber;
saw the confusion of many distracted mem-
bers of the family running to and fro, the
arrival of the doctor and the administration
of digitalis. She was tenderly put to bed,
the nurse came, there followed weeks of
anguish and a slow breaking down of her
strength and courage, until the end came.
Every step he followed, until they had laid
her away at rest.

  It seemed to him that at least fifteen
minutes must have been consumed by the
grievous portrayal; and yet presently he
heard himself mechanically finishing his
reply to his wife, beheld the very morsel
of omelet balanced upon his fork, inter-
rupted in its brief journey by his remark,
and realized by a glance at the unsuspecting
faces about the table, and at the dining-
room clock, that time had been annihilated
for him. All that he had seen had passed
in a measureless flash.

   Finishing breakfast as calmly as he could,
he hastened from the house. The sinister
feature of the strange experience he had
undergone was this: he knew that it was
truly prophetic. He realized now '.hat while
a false prophet might be deceived as well

as deceiving, a true one could never mis-
take his message. He could not tell how
he knew—but it was so.

   Nevertheless, he proceeded directly to the
office of a heart specialist well known to
him socially, and requested him to accom-
pany him back home, distant but a few
blocks. He told him merely that he had
reason to suspect that his mother was suffer-
ing from an organic heart trouble, explained
that her health had always seemed of the
best, and that she must not know the real
purpose of the visit. Occasionally she had
complained of flatulence; her color, too,
seemed too brilliant for one of her years.
It was arranged that Dr. Young should be
introduced as a stomach specialist, and that
Holt had chanced to meet him on the
corner, and invited him in. Something had
been said about a little medicine on one
occasion when her food distressed her.

   It all passed off as naturally as Holt had
hoped it might. There was some good-
natured bantering, his mother scolded him
for fetching in a strange young man without
giving her time to put on her new silk
house-gown. the examination was made with
much thoroughness, and Holt departed with
Dr. Young, after the latter had written out
a prescription for—digitalis!

  His diagnosis confirmed Holt’s vision in
every respect. His mother suffered from an
incurable form of heart disease, angira
pectoris, and was doomed to be a great
sufferer.

  As he stood by the entrance to Young's
home, it suddenly grew dark overhead.
Looking up, they noted that black thunder-
clouds had swept across the sun. The
morning had been superb, fair weather had
been indicated in the reports for the day.
Yet, now, big drops began to dot the side-
walk, and distant thunder muttered. Holt
found, to his surprise, that he clutched an
umbrella he had taken from his rack,
without knowing that he dicl so, or why he
should. He went direct to his office now,
arriving in a smart downpour.

  During the rest of the day, nothing out
of the ordinary occurred. It chanced to
be a quiet week with him. He had just
won a verdict in an important case, and for
the present had nothing in hand but routine
FORBIDDEN FRUIT.

203

work; the reading of his mail, conferences
with his associates, a directors' meeting, an
office client or so. He had plenty of time
to think; too much time, in fact. A knotty
brief would have been a godsend. That
night his sleep was uneasy, his dreams mon-
strous but disconnected. There was nothing
in them to which he could attach the re-
motest significance.

  The thought of his mother preyed upon
him. In kissing her good-by as he left
the office, her womanly intuition sensed an
added solicitude which he believed he had
concealed.

  “ What is it, Tommy?" she asked, hold-
ing him at arm’s length and scanning him
from her faded blue eyes. “ Is anything
wrong? You’re not overworking, dear?”

  “ Fit as a fiddle, munisey,” he replied,
forcing a laugh; and tore himself bruskly
from her.

   It came to him, his next vision, as he was
boarding a trolley-car. He beheld, as
plainly as if he were holding the paper
before him, an account of the sensational
thirty-point jump of Western Copper. Half
a column there was, all told, with references
to an inside ring which had kept the good
thing strictly to itself, and cut a mammoth
melon.

  Yet, when he had finished, he was still
setting one foot on the car-platform, which
was not yet in motion. He could not esti-
mate the minute fraction of time during
which he had seen the future of Western
Copper unfolded.

   Holt did not dabble in stocks at all; but
like thousands of others, he read the market
reports as a matter of habit, much as he
read the baseball columns without attending
the games. Now, without the least uncer-
tainty, he rode on past his office to a broker-
age concern he knew by reputation, and.
after telephoning his bank for his balance
figures, drew a check for practically the
entire amount of his deposit, and purchased
a thousand shares outright. Had he been
a dealer, he would have bought on margin
and pyramided. As it was. he felt contented
with a modest thirty thousand dollars'
profit.

   Returning to his office afoot, he happened
to glance up the towering white facade of

the new Obelisk Building, the latest sky-
scraper. Instantly, and in one of the
mental dashes to which he was already be-
coming accustomed, he beheld a bulletin
announcing its destruction by fire, under
date of the forthcoming night at twelve.

  Holt did not know the owner, nor his
representatives, save by reputation. He
knew nothing of the building itself save that
it was the last word in “ slow burning ”
construction—as the insurance people say
—and that it housed enough concerns, with
their battalions of clerks, to populate a
western metropolis. He seemed to recall
that a number of quasi-governmental agen-
cies made it their headquarters, and it was
possibly used by certain foreign interests,
since the recollection of bewhiskered and
crop-headed and ornately mustached gentle-
men in frock coats and toppers, hurrying
in and out of its broad portals, came to him
as he paused momentarily, following the
vision of the prophetic bulletin.

   It seemed to Holt, distasteful as it was to
do so. with no evidence whatever, his
bounden duty to whisper a word of warning
in the ear of whomever had the building’s
welfare in custody. But what on earth
should be say? How introduce himself?
Uncertainly he crossed over and entered,
asking the starter for the agent’s floor, and
being ushered into a great bronze lift.

  The pursy gentleman who received him at
once upon glancing at his card, looked
much like a walrus, only warmer. His triple
chins formed a series of rings above a low,
discouraged collar, and his eyes expressed
perpetual astonishment.

  “ Thinking of taking over one of our new
suites. Mr. Holt?” he barked, his bristly
mustache erecting and beating time to his
syllables. " Glad to have your concern
with us—”

   *' It's not business, Mr. Fletcher,” Holt
nervously began, seating himself and speak-
ing in a conspirator's whisper. “ In fact,

I hardly know how to explain my errand.”

   He glanced at the bulging eyes and brist-
ling lips, and plunged desperately ahead.

  " You do not know me, but you perhaps
know of me. I am certainly not an alarmist.
It has come to me that—er—that is, I
chanced to everhear a word or two—I am
204

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

afraid that the Obelisk is in danger of fire
this very night! ”

  Astonishment being Fletcher's norma!
mien, Holt was unable to tell whether he
felt it now or not.

  “ Word? What word? What did you
hear?”

    It was merely a fragment of talk that
came to me in a crowded car,” lied Holt,
unable to bring himself to iell the truth.
“ I couldn’t even see who uttered it. We
—we were passing through a tunnel at the
time, and though I listened, nothing more
was said on the subject.”

  Fletcher gazed steadily at Holt.

  “ Well—of course I’m obliged,” he said
at length. “ But when the Obelisk burns
up, then cakes of ice will gei—now—spon-
taneous combustion! The rate, on their
building is rock bottom. Mostly reenforced
concrete and glass used in it. No wooden
stairs or banisters or window sashes. Only
the doors, and office furniture, you might
say, and I leave it to you if it’s easy to
kindle a mahogany desk! ”

  “ Don’t seem so,” admitted Holt, rising
to go. “ Just felt it my duty to speak of
it—such a fine edifice—civic duty and ail
that sort of thing, you know!"

  “ Sure! We appreciate it—but with our
force of watchmen and the materials used
and everything—don’t lose any sleep on our
account, Mr. Holt. Have a cigar?”

  Holt refused, and escaped, red of face,
with the impression that Fletcher con-
sidered him mildly insane.

  Nevertheless, that night when, making
what excuses he could, he left home at
eleven-thirty and posted himself in the de-
serted cannon dominated by the Obelisk,
lovely in its towering whiteness as the
search-lights from the harbor picked it up.
he noted the pursy figure of Fletcher lurk-
ing in an office entrance across the way,
and could not refrain from a grin. He was
sorry that Fletcher saw him, and evidently
Fletcher felt the same way about it. as he
scuttled back into the shadows like a fat
spider.

  A policeman pounded by, Irving the
doors. A newsboy scampered through,
empty handed and tailing a short cut home.
A shabby nondescript crept past, muttering

to himself, possibly some former magnate,
Holt reflected, haunting the battle-field of
ancient triumphs. Taxicabs shot through
from time to time, taking advantage of the
absence of traffic.

  Eleven lifty-iive; and so slowly did the
hands seem to move on a big illuminated
dial within Holt’s range of vision that twice
he drew forth his watch to reassure himself
by the spinning second hand. Then, almost
as if the dock hand had leaped over the
last three minutes, midnight boomed forth;
and simultaneously Holt was hurled against
a granite wall by a terrific explosion. When
he recovered his wits, flames were bursting
from the second and third story windows of
the Obelisk.

  A long time he watched the firemen at
work, as they magically appeared upon the
scene. Finallv he returned home and to
bed.

  He was aroused the following morn by
a message which urgently but courteously
requested his presence at police head-
quarters.

  The pop-eyed and bristling Fletcher was
seated in the chief's office when he arrived,
breakfastless, in a taxi. The chief he knew
slightly. After the customary desultory
greetings, the police head spoke.

  " Last night, Mr. Holt, the Obelisk was
partly wrecked by a powerful explosive,
which we have reason to believe was planted
by German spies. You may not be aware
that exceedingly valuable reports of their
activities are kept there. Now, Mr.
Fletcher, the agent naturally recalled at
once your warning of yesterday. I feel sure
you did not tell him all you knew. You
were not obliged to, of course. Probably
you dreaded notoriety, or feared lest you
implicate some innocent party. I can as-
sure you that any information, however
trivial it may seem to you, is necessary to
me now. You shall be fully protected, and
no innocent party shall suffer even em-
barrassment. 1 have shown you my cards.
Will you do the same?"

  " Chief, if I could I would. But 1 have
absolutely nothing, not even a suspicion, to
voice! ”

  The chief smoked in silence for a mo-
ment, while. Fletcher wriggled in the chair
FORBIDDEN FRUIT.

205

into which he was so tightly wedged that
Holt irrelevantly wondered how he had got
in, or could get out. A silly picture of the
pursy agent hobbling out with the chair
clamped to him caused him to laugh
nervously.

  “ You were in the immediate vicinity.
Mr. Holt, when the bomb exploded." sug-
gested the chief seriously.

   A sudden resolution seized Holt. Fie de-
termined to tell the whole truth, no matter
how ridiculous it made him appear—the
whole truth save only his seance with Dr.
Jones.

   “ I’m going to tell you everything, chief,
even though you consider me ripe for a
padded cell,” he gasped.

   ‘•That’s right!" approved the officer,
settling back comfortably. " I knew you
were the sort of citizen we could rely on.
Shoot!"

  Whereupon Holt did. He explained that
he had of late been dreaming things which
later came out exactly as he had been
warned. He told about his mother, giving
the address of the attending physician. He
related his purchase of Western Copper, on
a “ hunch,” furnishing the name of the
broker, and adding that this was his first
transaction of tjie sort. Then had followed
the vision of the Obelisk fire—there had
been no inkling of an explosion—and, on
impulse, he had warned Fletcher. And that
was all.

   Even as he finished, a morning paper was
thrust through the slot in the office door,
and rustled to the floor, opening face up-
ward as it fell.

   The chief glanced at it. stooped over and
picked it up, and after a startled look
handed it to Holt. It was a marked • extra,"
detailing the phenomenal jump of Western
Copper, and the turmoil resulting there-
from.

   When Flolt. after leaving headquarters
and snatching a cup of coft'ee. had proceeded
to his own office, he was greeted with the
news that it. with several others, had been
gutted by a fire the night past. He smiled
grimly, reflecting that he was a failure so
far as foreseeing that particular and rather
important event was concerned. Evidently

a prophet had his ups and downs. His
visions were not subject to call. He could
conceive that Daniel himself might foretell
the fall of an empire, the very end of the
world, and yet never dream that he should
see a live lion!

  Already he heartily wished the week, of
which but two days had passed, were wiped
off the calendar. He was nervous as a
cat, slept poorly, had no appetite. He
dreaded the recurrence of his visions, and
scarcely thought of the tidy fortune he had
made overnight in Western Copper.

  Above all, his mind dwelt upon his
mother. That saintly lady, whose life had
been spent in doing her simple duty, and
far more: in bringing happiness to a wider
circle year by year, taxing her strength and
her purse to ease the lot of unfortunates
she hunted up. Her creed was simple, yet
world wide, her faith absolute. Religion?
Holt clenched his hands. Why should God
allow that pure and faithful heart, that had
beat for so many all these years, to throb
out in final agony? Had she not at the
least earned a gentle sleep, a peaceful death
in her bed—as painless as a drunkard’s
death, in his cups? IFas there a God?
He sought to pul the torturing surmises out
of his mind. But he found he lacked the
power.

  He tried, now, to avoid thinking of his
loved ones save in the most casual way.
He lived in torment lest, as he gazed in his
wife's eyes, there should suddenly unroll
before him another of the hated scrolls
whereon he should behold, written in letters
of fire, her doom. He prayed for the blessed
boon of ignorance. Too late, he realized
the frightful isolation of those who share
the gifts of the gods, who have eaten of the
Forbidden Fruit.

  Deity alone could endure such a blight-
ing burden as omniscience. And deity
possessed its anodyne—-omnipotence! It
could change the measured and implacable
march ol events, fend destiny from tender
souls, reach dowi protecting hand to the
hopeless and th*' suffering. Or—could it?
Such a record ot the predestined future,
which God could inscribe at will, could even
He change a single link in its chain, disturb
its connective tissue, without shattering
206

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

past and future? Because, if He could,
then no such record could be written. One
was forced to deny either divine omnis-
cience, or omnipotence. The answer of
course, was that to God there is no past
nor future. Eternity was not an endless
line, but a circle. He visioned all in a Hash,
even as Holt had seen his own puny glimpse
of the yet-to-be.

   As if his gift increased with each recur-
rence, his visions multiplied to a point
where hb brain seemed to reel beneath the
awful burden. On the cars, passing along
the crowded streets, in his club or wherever
men congregated, a blinding series of horo-
scopes danced before his eyes, l’eople in
whom he took not the slightest interest,
men and women he vainly tried to recall
ever having seen before, casual strangers,
bared their futures to him as it seemed.

  He glanced at a loutish youth leaning
against an L post, a half-consumed cigarette
drooping from lips too indolent lo hold it:
and instantly the figure straightened, the
eyes cleared, the color changed to a virile
bronze, and Holt beheld a lean, khaki-clad
man, rifle clutched in firm hand, surging
"over the top ” from some far distant
trench.

  Or, he nodded abstractedly to a great
financier, and at once his well-fitting clothes
took on the stripes of prison, and he was
doing a lock step for hypothecating the
funds of a trust he had handled for years.
In the twinkling of an eye people took on
new forms, new faces, and assumed, now a
tailored prosperity, again the cerements of
death.

  Xor were his business hours encroached
upon, his time stolen. The slow tragedy of
a decade defiled past him while his heart
throbbed once. He was reminded of the
strange experiences of drug-addicts. who
lived through unspeakable epochs of world
transformation during the I'evoiuiion of a
swiftly moving car wheel, and of the
minutely detailed life-historv drowning men
were said to experience.

   But in sleep, troubled as were his dreams.
h:1 never received any prophetic visions.
All, he supposed, must be based upon the
mysterious stores yielded up by his sub-
consciousness; but he could not con .

how, or when, the facts had touched his
senses. Perfect strangers stood before him,
their naked history unexpurgated to his in-
sight; he met old friends, and received not
a hint of their destiny.

  His loneliness was absolute. There were
none with whom he could share his burden.
The few who might believe him would be
alarmed ar.<! repelled; others would con-
sider him unbalanced.

  The second real shock to his spirit oc-
curred as he was watching his iittle son
romp on the lawn. He was a sturdy lad of
ten. neither precocious nor wayward. Of
a sudden, Holt beheld him lying in his
casket, smeiied the heavy odors of flowers,
saw the sun strike through the stained glass
of St.-Luke’s, heard the shuffle of little feet
as Arthur’s mates of the vested choir filed
past to look upon his quiet lace.

  With a terrible effort of will he forced
the picture to pass away. He felt fatigued,
as after violent physical exertion. But at
least, he had evaded the precise date of the
death. The true horror of prophecy was
now clear to him. That night as he knelt
by his bed. he prayed for the boon of
ignorance, for the kindly curtain which he
had presumptuously rent asunder, to fall
once more before the blinding future.

  Late upon a murky afternoon. Dr. Jones
packed his old clay pipe, and sank into a
broken-springed easy chair with a grunt of
satisfaction. He had succeeded in fertiliz-
ing a sea urchin's egg in a saline solution.
He did not in the least need a sea urchin;
there were millions of livelier, healthier ones
along the Atlantic coast. But he had wished
to demonstrate that he could do it— and he
hud.

  He picked up his morning paper, as yet
unglanced at, and prepared to relax. Before
he had so much as run over the head-lines,
his door was flung open without the pre-
liminary of knocking, and a disheveled,
panting figure collapsed into a chair op-
posite. glaring at him from blood-shot eyes.

  •• Holt! .My dear fellow! What on earth
is the matter? Let me get you a drink of
something cold and ’’

  His visitor stayed him with a violent
gesture.
FORBIDDEN' FRUIT.

207

  “ Xo! I don't want a drink of anything
cold, nor hot; nor a shot in the arm, nor
even any soothing professional twaddle!
What I want is your attention! ”

  The physician regarded him with a
puzzled yet affectionate interest, and settled
back in his chair, puffing at his pipe.

  “You have it; shoot!" he said tersely.
Thereupon Holt related in detail his
amazing experiences of the past few days.
Jones made hurried notes on his cuff, and
two or three times interrupted with a
brusk question. He seemed deeply in-
terested, and with the unfolding of the
story his absorption grew.

  When Holt paused, he spoke excitedly.
“This is immensely important, old man!
I can assure you that when I have been able
to check up your facts with absolute pre-
cision, the paper I’ll write will make us
both fam—”

  “Fine!” interrupted Holt, gritting his
teeth. “ But how about me? What about
my horrible situation?”

  “ Oh—that! You are. of course, in a
highly nervous state: hysterical; jumpy: all
that sort of thing. Perfectly natural, too.
But I shall be able to point out to you that
you are not to take your subconsciousness
—or rather your conclusions from its
memories—too literally. I shall explain—”
“ How will you explain this?'' whispered
Holt, leaning forward while his hands
gripped the chair arms. “ I haven't told
you my latest vision! Jones, as truly as 1
sit here before you. I saw you. at precisely
six o’clock to-night hugging and—and-
kissing my wife! Yes, damn it! And she
was returning your endearments! ”

  A faint color Hooded Jones's pale face,
and astonishment gleamed in his eyes.

  “ What rot!” he finally gasped. “Why
I never saw her! And you know about how
much of a woman’s man I am, even if—er
—your wife Gould be—ah—”

  “ Nevertheless, true as all this is, I am so
solemnly sure that it will come to pass ex-
actly as I have seen it. and as I have fore-
seen other events fulfilled, that I propose
at least to he in your company from now
on until six. Gel on your hat and come
home with me!"

  Jones started convulsively.

  ‘ No!" he protested. “Lock me up—
lock your wife up—do anything you like;
but don't bring us face to face in this pre-
posterous fashion!”

  “ Jones ”—Holt’s voice was quiet yet
surcharged with omen—“ you are a doctor.
You can see the condition I am in. Don’t
tiy to thwart me!"

  With one long glance into the other's
eyes, the physician nodded, rose and took
hat and gloves from a table.

  " Lead on!” he snapped.

  It was already well past five, when the
two boarded a car at the corner; and when,
without another word having been ex-
changed. they were admitted to the house,
the hall clock showed a quarter to the
hour.

  The maid who had opened the door de-
tained her master.

  “ That long distance call you expected
from Chicago, had just come as you rang,
sir.” she said.

  Holt nodded.

   •• All right! I'll take it. Jones, just be
seated a moment in there, and excuse me,
will you? The library, Anna!”

   As the caller entered the room indicated,
the telephone voice of his friend came
plainly to his ears.

  It was some minutes later when Holt,
having finished, hurriedly crossed the hall
to the library, glancing as he did so at the
clock, which was on the very point of strik-
ing six.

   Three seconds later he stood as if frozen,
in the doorway. In the very middle of the
room, Jones, the old, faithful, ascetic Jones,
held his gentle, modest wife in a tenacious
clinch. Her arms were about his rather
frowsy neck—Jones always needed a hair-
cut—and her smooth cheek endured, nay
invited, his kisses!

  Somewhat to the onlooker's astonishment,
he felt no resentment at the extraordinary
spectacle, which above all others, spells
tragedy. Pain, grief, despair, all these
gripped him to the full; but anger not at
all. For he perceived that fate held them
all and moved them about like puppets.
Jones could no more avoid what was to be,
than could he, or his spotless wife. There
were certain amenities to be gone through
208

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

with, of course; presently he would do
something; shoot Jones, or divorce his wife,
or both. But not in hot. blood!

 The betrayer standing with his back to
 the door, Kolt's wife pri-senth raised her-
 self atiptoe and. glancing over his shoulder,
 perceived her husband.

 Xo trace of decent shame, no f-nsr. could
 he descry in her eyes. Rather, she smiled
 sweetly upon him as he stood there, drag-
 ging at the portieres.

 " Isn’t it wonderful. dear?"

 ■It is!"

 “ But you don't seem to realize: it's
 Frank!”

 *• I ought to know: I brought him here,
 didn’t I?"

 Something in his voice arrested her atten-
 tion. A little frown on her white brow, she
 added—“ after all these years: Vv little,

 lost, baby brother, who didn’t go down with
 the Macedonia aner all!”

  Something gave out in Holt’s legs. He
staggered two steps and collapsed on a
divan. Had it been three steps distant, he
would nave hit the floor.

  His brain spun round like a giant top.
A jumble of half memories spewed up by
his subconsciousness danced before him.

  The unquestionable similarity between
their voices, and the family nose; he was
not aware of having ever noted these, yet
he must have done so! A trick of lifting
one eyebrow—a mutual hatred of the sea
—above all—”

  “ It's strange you didn’t bring him here
long ago!” his wife’s slightly querulous
voice broke in upon his thoughts. “ You
are so stupid! You knew my maiden name
was Jones!”

U

U

rr

A FATAL DEFECT

    BY GRACE G. BOSTWICK
          i

      | LOVE him! He’s dear!

          And he’s got an adorable dimple!

       And combs his hair properly
          Backward, you know, with a sweep.

        He’s tall and well-set.

          Wiih a manner delightfully simple,

       But whenever I see him.

          I flee to my boudoir to weep.

       I’m crazy about him!

           Precisely the sort I’ve been seeking
        For years upon years.

          And his eyes are the color 1 love.

       But, ah! when he comes to me
         Smiiing and eager and joyful,

         T fly like a terrified bird
           To mv chambers above.

        He comes at all hours.

          He writes and he telephones daily,

       Determined to win-
         Ah, that look in his loverlike eyes!

       But saddened and sore
         At a fate that is cruel—too cruel!

        I cannot endure his dreadful, unthinkable neckties!
PRECEDING CHAPTERS BRIEFLY RETOLD

EZRA WOOD, of Rosebloom, an elderly man, rugged but toil-marked, was robbed of eleven
hundred dollars at Grand Central Station, which he was bringing to the city to pay off a
mortgage on his home.

    Chick, the young pickpocket who had secured the money, was so overborne by the old man's
faith and optimism and a certain “virtue that went out from him,” he returned the money and
met his gang the same night at “ The Commodore ” on the Bowery, with the astounding news he
was going to go “ straight," and the way led to the country. Solly and Phil, two of his lieutenants,
remained unconvinced, and their chief. “Sky Blue," the old man with the face and manners of a_
parson and the morals of a bushman, ridiculed the very suggestion.

    But after helping the girl of the gang, Myrtle, to a ticket to Denver, where she was to regain
her health and then her hold on the rail of the narrow path, Chick struck out westward, and by
slow stages came to the Delaware Water Gap country.

    Here he met up with “ a native ” who informed him “ the name of that town over there, since
you be asking me, is St. Clair.'’

CHAPTER XII.

“ FLOWERY HARBOR.”

RIGHT where St. Clair and the open
country merged, there was a large

•	old frame house in a large old gar-
den. Both showed signs of decay. There
were gaps in the white paling fence. The
fruit and decorative trees had all grown into
black and scrawny old age. There was a
dry fountain — also white originally—
wherein a badly scarred infant throttled a
swan. As for the house, it could have
known neither paint nor carpentry for twen-
ty years at least.

  Yet the whole place still radiated a cer-
tain mellow dignity, even a certain homely
beauty — honeysuckle running over the
fence; a hundred varieties of flowering
weeds and bushes drifting perfume and
color elsewhere; wrens, robins, and martins
This story began in the All-S

   3	A-S

contributing their note of cheerfulness and
life.

  And that well-known truth that any
man's home is in the nature of a portrait
of himself was amply exemplified in the
present instance, when Colonel Evan Wil-
liams appeared through the front door of
the mansion.

  He always called it a mansion.

  For the colonel—call him that; every one
else did—likewise suggested a sort of deco-
rative decay. And he was garbed in rai-
ment singularly suggestive, to any one with
a grain of imagination, of the same state of
affairs. He and his clothes were equally
well suited to each other. There was noth-
ing sordid about them—nothing that wasn’t
dignified, yet homelike and friendly.

  The colonel had a red facc and a white
mustache—one of those antebellum mus-
taches, very heavy, that descend far below
ary Weekly for January 18.

Perlevf Poore Sheehan

Author of

White Tiger*,11 " The Whispering Chonu,1

 God’* Mesienger,
210

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

the chin. He had a droopy blue eye that
was at once belligerent and jovial. His
whole face was jovial, albeit dignified—es-
pecially his nose, which was inclined to be
pendulous and was certainly more highly
colored than the rest of his countenance.
He must have been a man of splendid pres-
ence in his day. In fact, there was still am-
ple evidence of this, but now he was in-
clined to sag a little, was a trifle heavy on
his feet—just like this old house of his.

   He stood there at the top of the broad
stoop like an honored heirloom from an-
other generation. He wore a black slouch
hat. He carried a gnarled, black cane.

   He appeared to be waiting for something,
or to have fallen into a reverie—you
couldn’t have told which, from his droop-
ing, thoughtful immobility. Then, with a
surprising hint of alertness., he cocked his
head and listened.

   From somewhere in the back of the house
there sounded forth a girl's clear, strong
soprano:

“ He has sounded forth the trumpet that shall
    never sound retreat;

He is sifting out the hearts of men before his
     judgment seat;

Oh, be swift, my soul, to answer Him! Be jubi-
    lant my feet!

Our God is marching on!“

   “ Dear child! Sweet child!’’ the colonel
murmured. “ If 1 could only spare you
this!”

   But there was an unmistakable craftiness
about his movements, and of judgment ma-
tured through bitter reflection, in what fol-
lowed. He was sentimental, but no senti-
mentality could master him.

  From the tail pocket of his frayed
Prince Albert he brought a rectangle of
pasteboard. Lie had thought of every-
thing. It wasn’t for nothing that he had
been reckoned one of the leading young
lawyers of the South. There was even a
loop of string through a hole in the paste-
board convenient for its suspension on the
old bell-pull. He hung the card in place.

   He did this to the rousing chorus:

“Glory! Glory! Halleluiah!"

   Still standing there, he drew a handker-
chief. also from a tail pocket—there were

two of these pockets and each appeared to
be big enough to bin a sack of meal. He
wiped his eyes. He blew his nose. He re-
turned the handkerchief to its place and
brought out, in turn, something that might
have been a flask.

  “Medicine, sir!—by my physician’s
order!—the only prescription you could in-
duce a physician himself to take!”

  He kept his back turned while he tilted
his head. He cleared his throat. He re-
turned the thing that might have been a
flask to the storage place at the rear. He
straightened up. He turned and marched
with becoming dignity down the decrepit
steps.

  And all who would might read that here
in the mansion there was a

ROOM TO LET.

   It was the right and beautiful thing. You
could tell it by the colonel’s walk. Digni-
fied, thoughtful, his coat-tails swinging
rhythmically, he passed on down the garden
walk to the unhinged front gate. He passed
on up the street.

  It wasn't much of a street—just a sort of
country lane, formalized to some extent by
other fences farther on and occasional bits
of sidewalk. But such houses as there may
have been were mostly hidden by trees and
shrubbery.

  A bluebird sang. There was a flash of
red where a cardinal passed. The whole
country roundabout, and, for that matter,
the town itself except for two or three
church steeples, was smothered in bloom of
sorts—drifts of white and pink, where the
apples or the dogwoods, the peaches or the
Judas-trees, were calling to the bees. The
bees and the birds—and that as yet invisible
girl—furnished about all the sound there
was—a world, therefore, set to music.

   In spite of all this predicated solitude, the
colonel's sortie and liis subsequent move-
ments had. none the less, been duly noticed
—duly and severely noticed.

  From the hedge of Osage orange, on the
other side of the street, a pair of eyes had
studied him with all the alert intelligence
of a squirrel’s. And these were the eyes of
Mrs. Meckley, who lived over there—in a
IF YOU BELIEVE IT, IT’S SO.

211

little cottage as carefully concealed and, you
might say, as arboreal, as any squirrel's
house. A professional widow, Mrs. Meck-
ley—perpetually lonely, according to what
she herself always said, yet given to close
observation, and numerous calls.

  “ Room to let!” she cried to herself when
she made out the colonel's sign. " The old
reprobate! The old miser!"

  She would have departed then to spread
the tidings, only, with a twinge of exquisite
excitement, she saw that her news budget
was in a fair way of becoming duly am-
plified.

   “ He’s goin’ in!"

  This second comment was inspired by the
sight of a stranger—an event in itself suffi-
cient to enrich any day. The stran/.er had
come into the street from the direction of
the open country. And yet there a cer-
tain citified air about him—as there usually
was about strangers, after they had been
measured and weighed by local stand-
ards.

  The stranger carried a dress-suit case.
His clothes were rather badly worn and in
need of pressing; still there was an impres-
sion of nattiness about them — from his
velour hat, with the brim turned down on
one side, right on to his light-tan. cloth-
topped shoes.

  Mrs. Meckley saw him pause at the sag-
ging gate, saw him look after the retreating
form of the colonel as if half persuaded to
run after him, then drop his glance at a
faded little plank at the side of the gate
which proclaimed that this was

 FLOWERY HARBOR

  “ By crickety,” whispered Mrs. Meckley.
becoming profane in her excitement; " he's
goin’ in!”

  She wasn’t mistaken.

  Moreover, there was an odd suggestion
of romance not only in the stranger's youth
and the fashion in which he was dressed,
but also in the way he appeared to be im-
pressed by all he heard and saw.

  Just a vague impression that came to
Mrs. Meckley, something which hadn't es-
caped her bright and squirrel-like eyes—
her whole face and even her bodv were

squirrel-like—and yet something that she
didn't wholly comprehend.

CHAPTER XIII.

AS SEEN AND OVERHEARD.

 ALYAH MORLEY, singing as she
scrubbed the kitchen, heard the door-
bell ring—which wasn’t surprising, in
view of the fact that the bell was mounted
on a spiral spring against the kitchen wall
and was designed to be heard throughout
the house. She stopped short in the mid-
dle of a “ halleluiah.” She sat back on her
heels and looked at the bell with the most
perfect astonishment, as at a phenomenon
that had never occurred before.

  I!ut her astonishment held her for only a
second or two.

  While the bell was still jangling she
scrambled to her feet, and untied the apron
that enveloped her.

  She was nineteen or so. slim, plain rather
than pretty, with straw-colored hair and not
very rich in color otherwise—still with a
measure of that beauty which always goes
with youth and flushed excitement.

  She looked down at her skimpy, blue cali-
co dress. It was clean at any rate. Her black
shoes and stockings were passable. They
were, for this time of day when folks were
supposed to be working, anyway. But who
could be ringing the door-bell at this hour?

  She ran over to a corner of the kitchen
where there was a towel and a small looking-
glass and other toilet accessories. She jerked
some water into an enameled basin from a
half-filled bucket. She rinsed her hands
and smoothed her hair, all with a nervous
energy so speedy that she had completed
the operation by the time that the old bell
was just quivering back into silence.

  Around in front, the stranger who had
rung the bell stood there at the top of the
rickety stoop and patiently waited. He
knew that there was some one home. There
had been the song of the girl. He knew
that his ring had been heard. He had
heard it himself- -and the song had stopped.
And he didn't even wonder what the girl
looked like. Xor did he greatly care.

So there was a room to let in Flowery
212

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

Harbor! Some name! And that old gent
with nerve enough to take a swig on his
front door-step and still swing his coat-
tails like that would most likely be the
landlord. Say, this old man was human!

  He stood there like that with the smell
 of honeysuckle in his nose and the echo of
 the girl’s voice still in his ears and a propi-
 tious impression of the colonel on the sur-
 face of his brain.

  He felt the first subtle creep of a hunch
 he had been waiting for.

  “ I—I—beg your pardon!”

  He turned.

  Some instinct of caution—or some other
 instinct less easily defined—had sent Alvah
 to scurrying around the side of the house
 through the garden instead of through the
 gloomy interior of the house itself. She
 stood there now at the corner of the building
 —there where the mossy brick path passed
 under a tunnel more or less well defined of
 clematis, syringa and lilac.

  “ How do you do?” said the stranger.
 He had set his suit-case down. He
 jerked his right hand to his hat, but he
 left the hat in place. This was no lady
 standing over there. This was nothing but
 a kid.

  “ How do you do?” said the kid, plainly
 at a loss.

  “ Is your mother in?"

   “ No, sir.” .

  “ I came to see about the room. Maybe
 yqu can tell me about it.”

  “ What room?”

  “ Say, do you live here?"

  “ My home is in Bangor, Maine.”

  “ Well, do you work here, then? I want
 to find out about this here room.”

  “ There’s nobody home."

  “You said it! No. honestly! Ain’t no-
 body here?”

  All this was just nuts and candy for old
 Mrs. Meckley across the way. She could
 get most of the conversation by straining a
 lot, and she was straining.

   (i The girl’s a flirt,” she passed judgment.
 “ She ought to be switched.”

  “ Only me.” Alvah was saying.

  Despite the sagacious deduction of Mrs.
 Meckley from what had already transpired.
 Alvah had an appearance of timidity—of

 timidity touched with doubt and not a little
 fear, as if she were not quite certain but
 that she was in the presence of some one
 slightly deranged. She was reassured to
 some extent, however, by the stranger's next
 move.

  He calmly seated himself on the none-too-
solid railing of the stoop.

  “ Good night!” he exclaimed, in spite of
the manifest morning. “ When are you
expecting the old gent back?”

  “ He was going to the post-office. He
won’t be long.”

  “ Birdie’s there with the goods this time,
anyway. All right, Birdie. I’ll wait.”
Greek to Alvah; but nothing unpleasant
about it. Now that the stranger wasn't
looking at her, she could look at him. She
discovered that he wasn’t hard to look at.
His face rather fascinated her. He certainly
had wonderful eyes. IFis voice and his lan-
guage were unmistakably American, but he
looked like a foreigner.

  She dared advance a step.

  As she did so, she saw that there was
something suspended on the bell-pull. She
advanced some more.

  The next time that the stranger looked
at her he saw that she was standing as if
hypnotized, staring at the announcement
that here there was a room to let. There
was a touch of drama in her appearance
that did not escape him—the unaffected
pose of her slight frame, her hands folded
against her meager breast; and he noticed,
without exactly appraising them, the fine
line of her cheek and chin, the whiteness
and nobility of her forehead. All this, never-
theless, with a touch of condescension on his
part—as an older and wiser person annoyed
by the persistent ignorance of a dull child.
“ What’s the matter?” he asked.

  “ That sign—it isn't so—some one put it
there for a joke.”

  “ I guess you get another think,” he said,
without discourtesy. " 1 see the old gent
hangin' it up himself not ten minutes ago.”
“ My uncle?"

  " Gee. it takes a Ion." time to get it across.
Sure! The old gent that just came out of
here. What’s the matter?”

  The girl had continued to stare at the
sign, with scarcely another glance for the
IF YOU BELIEVE IT, IT:S SO.

213

visitor. But now she looked at. him. square-
ly, the while a warmer coloring came into
her face and a shadowy brightness into her
hitherto rather cool, gray eyes.

  “ You are certain you saw my uncle put
that sign there?”

  “ Sure! That’s what I'm tellin' you—
takes it out of his pocket and hangs it up
just before he beats it up the street. I
ain’t stringin’ you.”

  “ But, oh, he didn’t mean it.”

  She was no longer afraid of the stranger.
She ran lightly up the stoop. She took the
sign from the place where it hung, hid the
letters of it against her breast.

  “ What's the idea?" the young man in-
quired, softly, with a direct invitation to
confidence. “ What’s wrong? Ain't he got
a right to rent a room if he wants to? Is
the place so overcrowded? Has everybody
got too much coin? Or don’t he own the
house? Or what?"

  The questions merely bewildered the girl.
At the same time it was evident that most
of them went home.

  “ You don’t understand,” she answered,
appealingly.

  “ You said it.”

  “ My uncle’s not always himself.’’

  The confession hurt her; still, some sort
of explanation was in order.

  “ You mean he’s sort of hittin’ up the
booze?”

  Her troubled eyes were her only answer.
It was affirmation enough.

  “ You don’t want to let that worry you,
Mabel—”

  “ My name is Alvah—Alvah Morley.”

  “ Glad to meet you, Alvah. That’s what
I’m tellin’ you. The old gent looked all
to the good to me.”

  “ He’s the finest man in the world,” the
girl flamed from the midst of her trouble.
“ Only, there are times like the present
when he does things that he wouldn’t do—
if—only—”

  “ Look—” the stranger began.

  But there came a diversion. The girl,
with an exclamation of mingled relief and
consternation ran down the steps. She was
out of the gate. She had seen her uncle
coming back from the post-office.

  All this was as good as a play to Mrs.

 Meckley, over there behind her screen of
 Osage orange.

CHAPTER XIV.

MR. RICHARD DAVIES.

THE youth on the stoop had had a mo-
ment of hesitation. He came down
the steps, however, and met the girl
and the old gentleman half-way to the gate.

    Ah!” the old gentleman exclaimed.

 “ I see the sign. I come in. I ring the
 bell—”

    I told him—” the girl began.

 ‘‘Sir, I have the honor;” and the old
 gentleman, removing his hat and thrusting
 his stick under his arm, offered his hand.

 There was a suggestion in the move that
 “ got to ” the stranger, as he himself would
 have said—got to him in a pleasant sort of
 way. The stranger had also pulled his hat,
 had taken the proffered hand, had done this
 with a quick but not ungraceful bow.

 •• Permit me to introduce myself,” said
 the elder, although that may not be neces-
 sary. I am rather widely known. Perhaps
 you have heard of the Williamses. We’ve
 had a fairly active part in the history of our
 country.”

   Sure! Everybody’s heard about the—
Williamses.'’

 “ I am Evan Williams.”

 " Glad to meet you, colonel.”

 “■ Ah! I see that you are familiar with
 my honorary title.”

‘‘Sure!” replied the young man, who
didn’t understand.

 “ And may I be so bold as to ask you
 to refresh my memory. It seems to me that
 we have met.”

 ‘‘ I don’t believe so, colonel.”

 " Your name is?”

 There was a perceptible pause.

“ My name?”

 They were still locking hands in the orig-
 inal grasp. Their eyes had met.

“ Davies,” the young man answered.

 “ A splendid name! One that makes you
 doubly welcome, sir. I dare say the Wil-
 liamses and the Davies were fighting side by
 side long centuries ago.”

    " I’ll take your word for it.”
214

ALL-STtiRY WEEKLY.

  “ And vour Christian name, it' I mav
ask?” ' ,

  “ Richard!”

  “ Richard Davies! Why. sir! 1- it pos-
sible? You are doubtless a descendant of
that celebrated Bishop Richard Davies—do
you recall?—whom Queen Elizabeth called
her ‘ second St. David.’ ”

  “ You may be right, at that."

  “ For you are Cymric. Pardon the per-
sonality, but I could tell it by your appear-
ance even if it were not for your fine old
Cambrian name.”

  “ Do I get the room?"

  “ I shall be delighted. I.et us inspect the
premises, Mr. Davies."

  ‘•Uncle!”

  Colonel Williams turned to his niece with
mellow good humor.

  “ What will the neighbors say?" s'ne de-
manded, confused.

  “ Say! A most stirring event! A Davies
become a guest in the house of a William.'!
A Celtic reunion! Didn't I tel! you all the
time that it would be well with us if we ac-
cepted a lodger or two? Come in. sir!
We’ll seal our acquaintance as gentlemen
should! ” He made a pawing movement with
his hand to assure himself that his flask wa-
in the old familiar place. “ ’Tis none too
early in the morn to touch the lyre!"

  There was space enough in the Williams
mansion for many guests.

  Beyond the front door there was a broad
hall, high and long, up two sides of which
ran a flight of steps to the second floor.
Four large rooms opened off the hall.

  “ On the left, the drawing-room.” said
the colonel, while Alvah Morley looked on.
wide-eyed, shrinking, yet with a touch of
rebellion in her attitude. " On the right.
the library. Back of the drawing-room, our
parlor or living-room, and opposite that, the
dining-room. I regret the absence of ser-
vants. and my inability to keep the place
up.”

  “It looks good to me," breathed Mr.
Richard Davies.

   “ As soon as I can get the e.-tate settled -
the estate of my brother. Abner, sir, u.
which I have devoted, not unwillingly, the
best years of my life. I shall proceed to the
refurnishing of the house."

  "It look? good to me,” the one-time
Chick repeated.

  He wa.- glad now that he had given his
one and only true name to the old gentle-
man. The hall reared its gloomy grandeur
about him. There were no carpets on the
floor. The paper on the wall was stained
by time and leakage, for it was evident that
the roof of the mansion was no longer at its
best. But there was a solemnity about this
acceptance of him in a home like this that
at once weighted upon him and lifted him
up. The place not only looked good to
him: it looked almost too good.

  •■ There’s only one thing, colonel,” he
broke out softly, as soon as the girl had
disappeared into the cavernous shadows at
the rear of the hall: “ you haven't said any-
thing about the price."

  •• Of what, sir?"

  “ The room."

  •• My dear sir. you are my guest as long
as you care to remain. I am honored.”

  “ Ah. say! ”

  “ Xot a word, sir! "

  The colonel also had noticed the retire-
ment of his niece. He cast a further glance
to assure himself that they were alone. He
brought his flask from its hiding-place. He
uncorked it. elaborately wiped its gullet with
his hand.

  " As our ancestors did under Rhodri
Mawr! ” he invited.

  '• Xot for mine! I’m on the wagon.”

  “ You mean?”

  “ Thanks! I'm leavin' it alone."

  “ Sir, I honor you. But, thirty years
ago. my physician—it was—”

  “ Look out.” the younger man whispered.
•• There's the young lady!”

  The colonel cleared his throat and put the
bottle away.

  It was to a bedroom on the second floor
that Mr. Richard Davies eventually carried
his suit-case—a room that was larger than
the back room of the Commodore, near
Chatham Square: and there were windows
in it that gave both on the old garden and
on the far country beyond.

  " It looks good to me." said the lodger.

  Looked good to him? It all looked so
good that it almost hurt. This was the
thing he had come out to find. Lonely?
IF YOU BELIEVE IT, IT’S SO.

215

Sure! Ever since he had left Xew York.
But he wasn’t going to weaken. Xot yet!
Maybe, after a while he’d duck. Maybe!
Why not con himself along? Maybe, after
a while, he’d just naturally get sick of trying
to make a living by selling soap, or other
things, and nick some rube for his roll—
for keeps, this time!

  And then, right then, from the combina-
tion of all the things that were coming to
him through the open window—sky and
earth, air and bird-song—something that
recalled old Ezra Wood, not as a rube, but
as a white and shining giant who had ex-
erted a strange influence over him.

  It was almost as if he could hear that
good old man speak again:

   “ The Lord have pity on us all!"

   " Every day most a hundred years I on ft, each
year a Imppy lifetime."

   " If he'd stayed in the country we might have
saved him.”

  “ Ah, hell!" he said. " This is fierce! I
wonder what Phil and Solly are pullin' to-
day? And old Sky-Blue? And Myrtle?"

  Way back?

  Say! This was it. Way back a million
miles!

  And he had become Mr. Richard Davies.
He was glad that he had laid that name
aside and kept it clean—laid it aside so
many years ago that he could hardly re-
member when; but he did remember, indis-
tinctly, the dark-eyed woman who had been
his mother, and, more indistinctly yet, mist-
ily, the gray specter who had been his
father; the specter of a distinguished man
who had been Mr. Richard Davies also.
Then the night flame and smoke wherein
his parents disappeared. They must have
been living in a poor neighborhood. Old
Denny, the wood-merchant, had become his
foster-parent, and that was when he was
eight years old.

  “ Mr. Davies! ’’

  The girl was calling him.

  He stepped over to the door so swiftly,
and opened it so deftly, that it frightened
her.

  “ My uncle wants to know,” she recited,
<; if you will do us the honor of taking tea
with us.”

  “ Sure! Much obliged.”

  “ It ’11 be at about dark,” she said.
“ Uncle likes to eat his supper by candle-
light.”

  “Tell him I'll be there, and much
obliged.”

  He stood there in his door and watched
her go away, a pale shape disappearing in
the shadows toward the back of the upper
hall. Now that he thought of it, he some-
how or other felt sorry for this kid.

CHAPTER XV.

I P TI1K STREET.

BUT, also, he felt sorry for himself. He
couldn't help it. There was something
about this very room that recalled that
vaguely remembered home of his childhood
when his parents were still alive-—bare walls
with broken plaster, no carpet on the floor,
a somewhat caved-in bed in the corner of
the room. There was even something remi-
niscent in the flowers, the greenery, and the
bird-song.

  He guessed the truth.

  There was a geranium on the window-
sill of that earlier home. A neighbor had
a canary in a cage.

  He pulled off his shoes. He partly un-
dressed himself. He cast a longing gaze
at the bed. It seemed to him that he hadn’t
slept since leaving the old town back there,
and he always did prefer sleeping in the
daytime. A dreaminess drew him. He
wasn’t hungry. He had eaten a hearty
meal not much more than an hour ago, at
a farmer’s house, a mile or so back along
the road, and the farmer had refused to
take a cent for his hospitality. None the
less, memory of this meal brought up a hun-
dred souvenirs of savory Chinese and Ital-
ian dishes in the city he had left. Wouldn’t
it be great, after all, to wake up and find
a dish of chop-suey at his side?

  He crawled onto the bed and let himself
go.

  He slept the afternoon away. And, in-
stantly, when he awoke, there flashed into
his thought a clear and concise record of
the girl of this house, and of the colonel,
her uncle, and of the house itself. The
216

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

record brought with it a little mental groan.
What was he that he should thus let them
think that he was their equal? That he
should take a room in this house of theirs?
Set himself up as the son, or the grandson,
or something, of a bishop?

  The only answer to these questions was a
pang of homesickness so poignant that he
could have wept.

  Then he listened to the silence, and the
silence weighed upon him as the earth might
weigh upon the chcst of a man buried alive.
There for a minute or so the silence was
absolute. Not even a bird twittered. Not
a wheel turned. No one spoke.

   “ I got to get back,” he whispered. *• I’ll
stick it out a day or so longer. But I got
to get back!”

  He crept over to the window in his bare
feet and looked down into the garden. He
saw Alvah Morley down there. She was
picking flowers. He saw that she had
changed her dress. He wondered why. And
he noticed that she wasn’t such a kid as
he had believed her to be. More like a
school-teacher she was—a white cotton
dress, fresh and crinkly from the wash, her
straw-colored hair drawn back in a smooth
knot and ornamented with a blue silk rib-
bon.

  What if she knew the sort of life he had
led!

  He wondered where her uncle was. The
colonel might hit up the booze, but he
was none the less the gentleman. “ What
am I to rub elbows with him? Even if 1
am Mr. Richard Davies!" And wasn't the
colonel a prince when it came to speaking
English? He was!

  “ My uncle hasn’t come home yet." said
the girl, as he came down-stairs after a
while. “ I suppose that we shall have to
wait for him—unless you're in a hurry.”

  “ Me in a hurry? Say, what do you do
around here at night?”

  “ After supper we talk—sometimes-—and
sometimes 1 try to play the organ, only it's
not in very good condition. Sometimes I
read to uncle. Sometimes he read? to me."

  There was almost always that provisional
sometimes in all she said. As she spoke,
moreover, she turned, now with acute ex-
pectancy, again with lingering patience, to

look in the direction whence she expected
her uncle to appear.

  “ Where’s he gone — the post-office
again?”

  “ He can't have gone to the post-office,”
said the girl, “ for St. Clair only gets one
mail a day, and that's the first thing in the
morning.”

  The sun had gone down. It was getting
so dark that Mrs. .Meckley, from behind her
screcn of Osage orange, could not make out
much any more but two dim figures, ohe
of them pale and one of them dark, seated
on the steps of the stoop across the way.

  “ Scandalous, I call it,” she repeated—re-
peated it over and over, always as if with
the lurking hope that the phrase would
serve as an incantation to bring something
scandalous about.

  The crickets had been singing since a
long time a chirring pulsation of sound,
as if it were the sound of a mill which
itself was manufacturing the material of
the night. Now and then a frog croaked
in. And, across the deepening blue where
the stars were beginning to shimmer, a few
bats zigzagged, reeled, wavered swiftly out
of sight.

  “ Do you want me to go and find out
where he is?” Davies asked.

  The girl shook her head.

  “ Aren't you afraid somethin’ might ’a’
happened to him?"

  She sat motionless. It was so dark by
this time that he could not see her expres-
sion. If she had answered, he had not
heard.

  “ What are those queer little chippies
scootin' around up there?"

  Her voice reached him. strangled.

  “ Those are bats.”

  The conversation lapsed.

  “ Say." he exclaimed at iast: “ I don’t
want you to think I’m fresh, or trying to
butt in: understand? But 1 sort of fee! that
the colonel's a friend of mine: see? And
I’m going out to look for him.”

  “ Will you?” she panted. Oh. if I were
a man!"

  “ I'm a man! What's the answer?"

  The clairvoyance of the strain she was
under helped her to understand.

  •• There's a place—you go up this street
IF YOU BELIEVE IT. IT’S SO.

217

to the second corner, and then you turn
to your left until you come to the last
building on the left. I’m sure he's there.”

   “ I’ll just tell him you’re sort of waiting.”

  “ He may not want to come home."

  “ They never do. But. say—” He
started to explain that he had been handling
booze-fighters al! his life, both friend and
foe, but he checked himself. The girl
wouldn’t understand. He wound up by
wondering where he had left his hat.

  She brought it to him.

  “ Don't weaken,” he said. " Keep a
stiff upper lip.”

  “ I will,” she whispered.

  But say, he wondered, what could it be
like when the girl was all alone and the old
gent out on a spree like this. He could see
it all. The colonel had begun to get his
spree properly started early in the day—
maybe the night before, as it usually hap-
pened.

  One thing was sure. He himself was
feeling uncommonly fit. Apart from the
fact that he was a little hungry, he hail
never felt in better shape in hi.- life. This
training out in the country was sure the
real thing. His wind was perfect. His
muscles had suppled up and hardened. The
long sleep of the afternoon had ironed out
his nerves. It was a pity that there wasn't
a mill on with an open challenge. Say,
feeling like this, he could just about lick
anything between welter and light-heavy.

  He was so absorbed in his thought, and
the general fragrant quality of the night,
that he barely noticed what there was to
be seen of this town he had stumbled into.
Xot much to be seen, anyway—a few
lighted windows dimly visible through black
bushes and trees, a smelly grocery store
dimly lit by a kerosene-iamp, a white church
closed and dark, more houses in the midst of
yards, then a barber-shop. and this was the
second corner the girl had mentioned.

  He turned to the left.

  It was the supper-hour, evidently, and
every one indoors. He didn't meet a soul.
Say, if the yeggs ever did discover this burg,
it would be good-night-nurse for th? local
bank or anything else they'd want to crack.
But the air was sure all right.

  He breathed deeply. He was feeling so

good that he shadow-boxed a little. He
may have been Welsh, as the colonel had de-
clared him to be. And the Welsh have the
reputation of being a mystic race.

  Was there some divine urge in all this
spontaneous, unconscious preparation? And
preparation for what, if not for some sort
of a combat as Richard Davies—his right
name—just now in his heart had hankered
for?

  He had just come in sight of what must
have been the place the girl had mentioned,
the last building up this street, brilliantly
lighted as compared with the rest of the
town by a number of oil-lamps with reflec-
tors. A road-house or hotel, apparently
well-patronized, with a dozen muddy autos
and farm-wagons parked along its front.
But what Davies particularly noticed was
that there was a row in progress at that
end of the building devoted to its bar.

  He could hear the squabble of voices
and laughter. He could catch a fleeting
effect of shadows on the window—shadows
that moved rapidly. He felt an instant
surge of something almost like happiness,,
al first. This was the life. Say, this was
almost like the Bowery. And he started
to run.

  But he was still a dozen yards from the
door of the barroom when the nature of
the thing that was happening struck him
full till, stopped him and stopped his
breath.

  A familiar figure was being hustled
through the door. That was the colonel
they were flinging out, as Davies saw.

  The colonel was flung out. He stumbled,
lie fell. He rolled.

  ■'Oh!” A quick intake of the breath;
and Davies felt as if he himself had been
fouled -kicked—hit below the belt!

CHAPTER XVI.

AGAINST ALL COMERS.

THE colonel’s slouch hat and his cane
followed him—followed him so fast
that they were in the dirt of the road
at the colonel’s side even before Davies him-
self got there.

He was enough of the fighter, both in-
218

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

stinctive and trained, not to lose his tem-
per. Anyway, it wasn't anger that was
actuating him yet so much as sorrow. In
that spectacle of the old man thrown into
the street he saw the wreck of a lot of
things—of pride and education, and of the
affectionate hopes of that girl—that poor
little kid—who was waiting now, all dressed
up in her picnic clothes, back there in the
big old house.

  He was at the old man’s side before the
colonel himself could make a movement
of recovery.

  “ Are you hurt?”

  “Alvah!”

  “ This ain’t Alvah. This is your old
friend, Dick. Gimme your hand. What
did those bums do to you?"

  He wasn't asking the question for in-
formation precisely. He had seen well
enough what had been done to the colonel.
But he had to say something while he was
getting the colonel to his feet—had to do
it to stifle his own mind if for no other
reason.

  The door of the barroom was becoming
jammed by those who wanted to get the
most out of the spectacle. Some had been
pushed out of the door even, by friends
behind who were struggling to get a better
view. Most of the spectators were con-
vulsed. This was the funniest thing they
had seen for a long time. Gus sure had
landed the colonel on his ear. But had
you seen the colonel try to fight back?
This would be a good lesson for the old
rummy. Him talking about his honor! —
and fighting duels! Some one should have
landed him on his ear before.

  Davies heard all this. The colonel must
have heard it, too. The colonel was meek
and humiliated. He wasn’t greatly hurt in
a physical way. Xone the less he had be-
come the tottering old man. He hadn't
been so drunk after all, or perhaps the
misadventure had sobered him. Anyway,
he cast a look of such utter chagrin, shame,
weakness, appealing despair at this one last
friend he had left in the world, that Davies
felt something crack inside his heart.

  He turned and walked straight over
toward the group at the barroom door. He
was so calm, and smooth, and swift that no

one could have suspected what was up. Be-
sides, Davies wasn't looking at any one
in particular. His dark eyes were off at a
slant. Still, he could see everything.

  He saw the two nearest members of the
jovial mob. They were both big men as to
weight and stature. Both were laughing.

  “ Go on and laugh!” Davies advised.

  He swung with his right and gave a
straight-arm jolt with his left. The right
landed on whiskers and a jaw. The left
went 011 and on into the region of a solar-
plexus. but finally stopped against a weight
so heavy that it was all he could do to
push it over.

  At that, he still had time and strength
to shove an open-handed jab into another
grinning face and jerk his elbow up under
the chin of some one else.

  “ Laugh, you bunch of mails!"

  "He's hit the commissioner! Kill him!”

  “ Git out o' my way!"

  “ Grab him, boys! Get him! Look out!
You're walkin' on Mr. Crane!”

  “ I’ll learn you to rough-house, yuh
stiffs!”

  “ Look out, ding-dcrn ye! Help!''

  But it was not until he was in the bar-
room itself that Davies clearly perceived
what he had come to seek. There was al-
ready a movement among those who had
lingered at the bar to join the riot at the
door. Davies had an eye for these. He
sized them up en masse. He saw that they
could have made up the average barroom
crowd almost anywhere—in New York as
much as in any village—riffraff, heavy re-
spectables, lightweight sports and weaklings.
But it was not for these diat his attention
was predestined.

  He saw the bulking form of a man dressed
in dirty white, bullet-headed, thick in the
neck, making his way around the end of the
bar, and he needed no label at all to tell him
that this was the original victor in the fight
with the colonel.

  Everything had been going so fast that
there had been no time as yet for readjust-
ments.

  They were still jostling each other over
at the door trying to get a line on what had
happened. Those at the bar were only sure
of one u. .ig, thus far, and that was that the
II' VOU BELIEVE IT, IT'S SO.

219

colonel had been thrown out on his neck.
Gus had told them so. And Gus himself
may have thought that this fresh throb
of excitement back of him was merely some
sort of a fresh demonstration of enthusiasm
for the prowess he had shown.

   Then the lightning struck.

   It was blinding at first—dazzling—mak-
ing it hard to see just what had happened.

  But Gus seemed to know. Rough-house,
as he himself would have said, was his
middle name. Nature had endowed him
with the thews and the constitution of a
bull, yet he had passed his life in saloons
in labor-camps and mill-touns. in the biack
valleys of Pennsylvania, along the water-
fronts of Boston. Cleveland. San Francisco.

   “ Look out!"

   Some one at the bar had that much scn>e.

   Gus ducked. lie turned a little to see
that a stranger had entered the bar, and
that the stranger was out for blood. \Vhy_
hadn’t some one tipped him off that the
colonel had a son or something somebody
who was likely to come back? The slob
had almost pasted him one while his back
was turned.

  But Gus was equal to the occasion—or
thought that he was. He slid his bulk
back of the bar, still crouching, conscious
that on occasions like this somebody was
likely to shoot. He hoped that the mirror
wouldn’t be smashed. Still, it was better
to have a smashed mirror than a bullet
through the neck.

   While all this was glancing through his
elemental mind, his big paw had neverthe-
less shot out in the direction of his bung-
starter—a slender mallet of heavy wood
and a weapon as he had been trained to.

   But he didn’t get the chance to use it.

  That enemy of his also knew something
about barroom tactics—knew that there was
apt to be an arsenal of sorts behind the
wet counter. Say, this was just like a gang-
fight, only he would have to be the gang
all by himself.

   And Davies look a short cut in an effort
to reach the arsenal first. Tie slid right
over the bar and landed on his feet. The
next moment he had his two hand> locked
on the big barkeep’s throat and was pushing
him back toward the open.

 It was desperate work—a welterweight
 against a heavy and no room to maneuver
 about in.

 Gus flailed and kicked.

 " 1 show you!”

 -	Will yuh?”

 There was a crash of glass' jangling down
 from a polished pyramid of glasses that had
 stood on the shelf back of the bar, and a
 trickle of red from the side of Gus’s face.

 And there they were in the open.

 They stood there, face to face, a couple
 of yards between them, in the middle of
 the barroom—sawdust on the floor, a drift
 of blue tobacco-smoke in the air, a sub-
 sidence of racket and confusion about them.

 In the midst of it all, Davies heard a
 number of voices:

 “ Rush him!"

 " Gil the marshal!"

 “ Git a gun! Git a rope!”

 It was evident that he wasn't going to
 have very much time to do whatever he had
 to do. A look of pain came into his face.
 I le grabbed his left shoulder with his hand,
 lurched a little. A feint!

 Gus rushed him, believing the stranger
 already hurt.

 As he did so, however, Davies side-
 stepped and met him with a left hook to the
 chin. Then he heaved all his strength and
 weight into another right swing for the
 big man’s neck. He landed.

 Something whirled past Davies’s head and
 smashed itself against the wall. Then the
 mob was invading the ring.

 “ Missed him! Rush him! Help! Help!
 'K'out, rr y'll be hillin’ Gus!"

 Davies’s mind Hashed him a picture of
 something like this that had happened be-
 fore—a mill in a frowzy little fighting club,
 and the favorite getting the worst of it, and
 then the riot with himself and his seconds
 fighting against such odds as these.

CHAPTER XVII.

TTIE PEACE ANGEL.

 HE did now what he did then. He zig-
 zagged. too shifty and quick for any-
 thing to hit him except by accident.
 He didn’t have far to go. And" he had a
220

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

chair. Just in time to wallop it down on the
back of Gus’s neck and shoulders, and the
chair collapsed. So did Gus—for the mo-
ment he did—sprawled right on in the direc-
tion he had been going, legs spraddling,
hands out.

  Here is the thing that stamped itself on
Davies's mind:

  Gus was falling just as the colonel had
fallen. Yea, bo, Gus had got his!

  A long way of stating—and yet the only
way to stale it—the concept of an in-
stant.

  And then the crowd, as much as Davies
himself, was aware that the collapsed chair
was a very dangerous weapon—more than
dangerous it was before it collapsed, for
Davies had jerked it apart.

  He flung the back of it like a whirling
boomerang, and, before he heard the shat-
tering of the mirror—if he heard it at all—
he had jerked the solid seat of the chair
straight into the welter of shapes in front of
him. What he did with the rest of the chair
he never did exactly know. But there he
was, at last, with a leg of the thing in
his hand—and also the painful but certain
knowledge in his brain that the next step
might be fatal.

  He was ready for it. There are times
when no man can turn back. This was one
of them.

  There was a momentary truce, at any
rate.

  “ The next of youse guys,'’ he panted,
“ who makes a false move—gets this!”

  There was sufficient inspiration for a
truce, especially on the part of the crowd—
this stranger standing there like a black
panther at bay, Gus sprawled on the floor,
three or four other friends and neighbors
scattered about bruised and bleeding, the
big bar-mirror splintered, glasses smashed,
all this as the swift sequence of a little low
comedy natural to the ejection of an unde-
sirable old customer.

  But the truce couldn’t possibly, in the
nature of things, last very long. Another
explosion was bound to follow. And one
did.

  Only it wasn't the kind they had looked
for.

  Davies saw it first. His attention had

to be everywhere. The attention of the
others was concentrated on him only.

  He saw old Colonel Evan Williams com-
ing in through the outer door, which was
open. He saw that the colonel was not
alone—saw that he was accompanied by
Alvah Morley, his niece—and that Alvah,
still in her picnic dress and without a hat,
her straw-colored hair tied with a blue rib-
bon, was very stiff and very w'hite. She
was just like a dead girl who had come
to life and come walking into this place
to make men feel ashamed of themselves.

  She came accompanied by music, so far
as Davies was concerned. In the tomblike
silence that wallowed over everything and
everybody like a descent of noiseless water,
he could hear a fine, remote, phonographic
record of that song she had sung in the
morning:

"G!ory! Glory! Halleluiah!

Glory! Glory! Halleluiah!'’

  She stared about her, whilely. She saw
Davies, spoke to him with all emotion re-
pressed:

  “ I was sorry thai 1 let you come for my
uncle. 1 waited a while, then thought that
I had better come myself.”

  She was making a simple explanation.
Her voice was cold and clear, soft yel pene-
trating.

  Some one bawled:

“ You’d do better to keep him hum.”

  The girl gave a slow glance in the direc-
tion the voice came from, and silence de-
scended again. Once more she turned to
Davies.

  ■‘Go on!" he adjured. “It’s all right.
Take the colonel home! I'll 'tend to this
mob!”

  All the time that he spoke—and his sen-
tences came out sharp and fast—he scat-
tered his glances over the others in the room.
Some were looking at the girl. Some looked
at him. There was a tremor of suspended
action. Peril in the air.

  Yellow light. Sawdust floor, with Gus
sprawled in the center of it. Bar in the
background. A stupid, bewildered crowd.

  Tragedy. Drama.

  Say, was this the village of St. Clair or
the big man-eating, soul-mauling city
IF YOU BELIEYE IT. IT’S SO.

221

 whence he had fled? It was a thought that
 frightened him. right then and there, in the
 midst of al! this excitement.

 The crowd scuffled and muttered.

 “ Serves 'm right!"

 “ 117/o right?"

 “ Gits!"

 “ The colonel!''

 “ What's happened.'"

 “ What's 'at she says'"

 “ Quit pnshin’.”

 And then. Davies, thinking that he saw
 a movement to crowd the girl, jumped for-
 ward with his stick.

 “ Git back!" he grated. " er i‘l! send yuhs
 all to hell! "

 There was a brief stampede which gave
 him elbow room. Yet the crowd was grow-
 ing, swelled by fresh arrivals from other
 parts of the building and the street outside.

 “ This gentleman is my friend,” the col-
 onel cried.

 “ Take him out," Davies told the girl.

 She eyed the crowd. She looked at him.
 All this was transpiring in lurid moments.
 The girl had put out her hand to his arm.
 There may have been some slight hint that
 she was losing her splendid grip on herself.

 “ I found him outside.’’ she said. “ He
 was trying to get in. He wouldn't go with-
 out you. Are you ready to leave?"

 Davies, still ready for action, eyed the
 crowd.

 “ Sure!"

 Some one else spoke up.

 “ He don’t leave here except he’s (lead
 er goin’ to jail!”

 Again the girl turned.

 “ You needn't hide. Sam Bosely! I sup-
 pose your folks will be glad to know you
 were here drinking again when you swore
 you wouldn’t, and that on your bended
 knees."

 “ I did not,” snarled Sam.

 But there were cries of " Shut up!" and
 “ Get out of the way.”

 A number of the citizens were salving
 the fallen barkeeper. In the midst of their
 efforts. Gus—under his own power, so to
 speak—got up as far as a sitting position.

 “ Bring him some whisky!"

 Gus let out a roar: “ Xobody go behind
 that bar but mo.”

  He moaned and rocked. He felt the
back of his head.

  The girl was letting her cool eyes focus
(>n face after face. Some of the men she
looked at backed away and made ready to
depart.

  " Beat it,’’ said Davies. “ This is my
scrap. ! don't need any help.”

  “ This is my battle, sir,” the colonel
broke in.

  There may have been those present who
thought that this was a signal for a resump-
tion of the comedy. It was about time for
a reaction. And they were right in a way,
but not altogether. The colonel had broken
away from his niece. He was completely
sobered. That was evident. He stood
there solidly, with his feet wide apart, his
gnarled cane gripped in one hand, his slouch
hat in the other.

  Hut again the girl interposed.

  “ I know you all,” she said. “ If you do
anything to this young man you’ll all be
there as witnesses—you, Mr. Snow, with
your sister-in-law as a character witness;
and you. Hank Purvy, expecting to marry
a woman whose husband’s not dead yet:
and you. Caspar Clark, after breaking your
mother's heart.”

  “ 'Taint so!"

  “ She’s got ye, Hank!”

  “ Ye’re a liar!"

  Bui the girl’s quiet voice dominated the
other voices.

  “ Your license goes ”—she was facing
Gus, who was still staggered, but able to
stand—“ if it takes the rest of my life.”
“My God!” bellowed Gus. “As if I
ain’t got trouble enough.”

  “ Close yer yip,” said a tough young
farmer, shifting his eyes from the girl to
(ius. “ Close yer yip, yuh big fat ferriner.
If yuh don’t—”

  The girl turned coldly to her uncle and
Davies.

  “ Come on.” she said, “ we'll go.”

  They went.

  They left the barroom without haste, and
not a word or a hand was raised to stay
them. Davies even lingered a moment. It
was to speak a word to the tough young
farmer. Just one word:

  *■ Thanks!”
222

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  But the young farmer was even too tough
for such brief amenities. He looked away.
And Davies, smiling slightly, but still with
that chair-leg in his hand in case of emer-
gency, followed the colonel and his niece
out into the night.

CHAPTER XYI1I.

THE TOUCH DIVINE.

THEY walked in silence, and they
walked slowly, until they were well
beyond the zone of light and sound
that encompassed the hotel. At first, the
colonel was between Davies and the girl.
They were supporting him. for he still tot-
tered. He was like one who would have
collapsed, and would have done so willingly,
were it not for the strength they were lend-
ing him.

“ Richard,” said the colonel, weakly.

   “ Yes, sir.”

  “ I trust that you were not hurt."

  “ They never touched me.”

  “ They were cowards,” breathed the girl
with suppressed tumult.

  “ Not cowards,” the colonel protested.
“ They defied me. But they were not gen-
tlemen. 'They took me unawares."

  “ If it hadn’t been for you folks," Davies
declared with ebbing passion. “ I would
have just about croaked a couple of those
yahoos and taken my chance at the chair."

  “ I beg pardon," said the colonel. He
explained: ‘•I'm a little deaf in my right
ear, Richard. Let me walk on the other
side of you.” They shifted their positions,
and Davies was ne-t to the girl. " You
behaved with the utmost gallantry.” the
colonel pursued. " You showed your Welsh
descent. ’Twas thus they fought—your an-
cestors and mine—under Rhodri Mawr and
Owen Glendower."

  “ They were easy."

  “ Easy for one who bears the name of
Richard Davies. Blood will te!i. One gen-
tleman like you is always worth a score
from the mob."

  Davies was silent. Should he speak up—
tell them who he wa- and where he came
from? What sort of a life he had lived?
Who his associates had been? Why not?

He couldn’t go on fooling a friend. And
this old man was his friend. It made him
feel ashamed of himself. Why not come
right out and tell the colonel all about it,
then make a getaway?

  While he was thus debating with himself,
and the colonel was talking on and on. in an
effort to cover up the awkwardness of the
situation and conceal his own confusion,
something happened that held Davies silent,
cause a faint tremor to run through him—
to run through him body and soul, so he
himself '\ouid have confessed had he been
given to that form of speech.

  And yet it was nothing much, this thing
that had happened.

  At first it was a mere touch on his arm.

  •• My father and mother passed out when
I was pretty young." he had begun.

  And then Alvah had taken his arm. The
light and slender curve of her palm was
about his elbow. At first he thought that
this was a mere gesture of impulse. Then
the pressure, although still light, became
fixed and real.

  “ It is a pity, Richard." the colonel said.
" They would have been proud of you.”

  Davies could not tear his attention away
from the feel of the girl's light hand. She
trusted him as much as the colonel did.
That was clear. Should he let her also know
that he had been a crook all his life, one of
the most expert pickpockets—if he did say
it himself!—that even New York had ever
known? But right on top of this question
came some fierce assertion from his heart
that she was right in trusting him, that
he was to be trusted.

   It was still early, but the dark village lay
somnolent about them. The maple-trees
that lined the path and the vines and
bushes—rose and honeysuckle, syringa and
lilac—that filled the dewy front yards trans-
formed the street into a temple, dusky, mys-
terious, where miracles might be performed.
All this impressed itself on Davies some-
what like the charge of a spiritual mob.
Should he prove himself any less of a fighter
in the presence of this mob than he had in
the presence of that other?

  He deliberately looked at the girl, al-
though his glance was brief. He wondered
how he could have thought of her as a
IF YOU BELIEVE IT, IT’S SO.

223

kid. He couldn't even think of her as a
woman—not in the terms of womanhood
such as he had always known.

   Tall, slender, dimly white, a look of pain
and grief and desire on her face, all these
veiled to some extent by a dominant cour-
age.

  “ .My parents also died when I was
young,” she said.

   And her eyes met Richard's. Only for a
second, and yet for a long time after he was
lookin'* ahead again he could recall the
look.

   “ I’ve lived a pretty hard life,” he said.

   This time. Alvah did press his arm. There
was no mistaking it. Xor was there any
mistaking of the meaning of it.

   “ Brace up!" was what the pressure said.

   All this time the colonel was speaking,
but his words had become a monologue
with himself for audience. As for Davies,
he walked alone with this girl at his side.
It was almost a- if she herself did not exist
—not as an earthly entity so far as Davies
was concerned.

   What if his friends and pals back in Xew
York could see him now? Wouldn't they
laugh? They would. They'd wonder what
he was up to. They wouldn't understand.
They wouldn't understand that the touch of
this clean and decent hand on his arm was
something wonderful and strange.

  Perhaps the street had become a temple
where miracles could be wrought. In-
wardly. Davies was panting. It was with a
stress of emotion which he did not analyze.

  As soon as he could, he went up to his
room with the small brass lamp that the girl
told him would be his. He closed the door.
He found that there were wooden shutters
at the window, still more or less effective
despite the absence of numerous slats. He
closed the shutters. He put the lamp 011
the floor and brought out his suit-case from
where he had shoved it under the bed.

  There was some spare linen and few
toilet articles in the suit-case, not much.
Its principal contents comprised about half
a hundred cakes of soap in small and savory
packages of polished and gaily printed
paper.

  This thing of being a soap-agent had
struck him as just a trifle belter than any-

thing else when he was getting avvav from
Xew York. A former friend had given him
the tip, long ago, that a soap-agent's path
led to pleasure and profit, should he ever
care to disappear from the big town for any
iength of time.

   Only the motive had been different from
those his friend had implied. He had been
starting clean, and soap meant cleanliness.
And soap was something that he could talk
about, urge folks to use. It was something
that he liked and was fond of using himself.

   He looked at the supply on hand.

   Should he take it with him, or should he
leave it? It was heavy. Word was likely
to be sent for miles around, to the marshal's
and constables, the sheriffs and small-town
police, to be on the lookout for a soap-agent
who had roughed things in St. Clair And
yet. if he left his soap behind, wouldn't he
be bidding good-by right then to this new
life of his? Wouldn’t he? And how long
would it be before he was back at the old
trade again? Easy money!

   Again, in imagination, he could feel the
touch of Alvah Morley’s hand on his arm.
Say. that was what he was running away
from. \nd yet he would take it with him.
It would be there always.

  Yep!

  Just when he was going to gyp some-
body’s leather, there would come that touch
on his arm and he would lose his nerve.

CHAPTER XIX.

HOUND HAND AND FOOT.

HE closed the suit-case and strapped it.
He took a bill-fold from his hip-
pocket and from this extracted a five-
dollar bill. He put the lamp on the de-
crepit night-tabie and the bill under the
lamp where the girl would be sure to find it.
fie blew out the light. He picked up his
heavy suit-case and made his way silently
out into the hall. He hated to leave like
this. He would have liked to say good-by.
But what was the use? His conscience was
c lear. The five would cover everything.

   He was half-way down the stairs on his
way to the front door, moving with al! the
caution he could master, when a sound of
224

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

movement and voices made him halt and
hold his breath.

  The colonel and the girl were down there.
He had believed them to be in their rooms,
possibly asleep. They hadn't even come up-
stairs. At least, the colonel hadn't. From
the girl's first words it was evident that she
had been looking for the colonel, had just
found him.

  “ You mustn’t stay there in the dark,”
she said gently. " Come. now. (jo to bed
—and sleep. To-morrow you will be feeling
better.”

  The colonel’s response was an indistinct
murmur.

  Alvah was carrying a lamp. She and the
colonel appeared from the back parlor.
They paused at the foot of the opposite
flight of the double stairway. They were so
close that Davies did not dare to move one
way or the other. At least, he va= in com-
parative darkness. As for Alvah and her
uncle, they had the light of the lamp in their
eyes.

  “ I am overwhelmed,” the colonel con-
fessed.

  He looked it. He was flabby. Shriveled
would be the better word. Ten years had
been added to his age. He was a man not
yet recovered from a deadly sickness. Ilis
voice hail that sort of feebleness about it
that betokens a lack of breath.

  “ You shouldn't be overwhelmed,” Al-
vah chided as she might have spoken to a
misguided child.

  “Alvah!”

  “ Yes, uncle, dear.”

  “ I must tell you.”

  “ What?”

  “ I tried to keep it from you.”

  Alvah put down her lamp on one of the
upper steps.

  “ You mean about there being no more
money left?'’ she demanded softly. She
even tried to put a playful note into the
words. She put out her two hands and took
her uncle’s hands in hers. “ 1 know. 1
knew it the moment I saw the sian you put
out. I was merely a little slow to believe.”

   “ It is all gone.”

  “ I can work, earn enough for both of
us.”

  “ The drink was my ruination.”

   " And then,” Alvah hurried on, still with
that assumption of consoling lightness—
" and then, i he sign did serve a good pur-
pose.1’

  ' ! muddled on, expecting the lightning
somehow to strike.'’

  “ And didn’t it?” Alvah drew her uncle
down to a place on the steps. She seated
herself at his feet. She smiled up into his
face wistfully. •• What better good fortune
could have befallen us than to have .Mr.
Davies come when he did? We’ll put out
the sign again.”

  The old man awoke from his depression.
" Mr. Davies! God bless the boy!”
Davies, standing on the steps across the
ha1!, felt a little creep of goose-flesh on his
body. It was as if some one had tickled
him. He cursed himself -without the use
of words f:sr being where he was. He
v.;ir,ti'd in -ptak. but he couldn't speak. It
was impossible for him to move.

  " Could we want a better lodger?”

    He was a friend to me. He was a son.
But now he'll be leaving us. It is only right
that he should. It is what I should advise
him to do. He was a son to me, and I have
driven him away."

  •• .Nonsense! Do you think that he's the
sort who runs away?"

   •• No; he’s as brave as a lion."

  ■■ What then?”

    He is a gentleman. I have disgraced
him."

  “ He knows you’re sorry. There’s no
disgrace. Fight on! Isn’t that the motto
you've been following all these years you’ve
been here in St. Clair trying to settle up
Uncle Abner's estate? Haven't you told
me that that was what the Welsh—what the
Cymry—did under Rhodri Mawr?—and
what Stonewall Jackson did during the
'seven days’? Don’t you suppose—don’t
you suppose.” she demanded, while her
voice fell to little more than a thrilling
whisper. " that there's a Higher Power that
knows all about your needs? Who can tell
but that it was that Higher Power who sent
Mr. Davies here.’’

  Davies heard all this. And he had the
time to meditate it. too. For there was a
long silence, and in this the girl's words re-
echoed.
IF YOU BELIEVE IT, IT'S SO.

225

  •	“ Aye! He came as one sent by the
Lord. To-night I stood at Armageddon,
and it was as if I had been among the spirits
of devils, and they were gathered to the bat-
tle of God Almighty, His day. And Rich-
ard came to me, Alvah—came to me like one
of the seven angels bearing the vials of the
wrath of God.”

  The colonel was running into a mystic
mood.

  “ He taught them a lesson,” said Alvah.
“ It was a lesson they needed. It was a
lesson that they’ll never forget.”

  “ God moves in a mysterious way. I
little thought, when I saw Mr. Davies
this morning, that—no, I did know it.
Something told me the moment that I saw
his face that here was a friend, that here
was some one destined to play a part in the
lives perhaps of both of us. What is that
the Good Book says? ‘ Be not forgetful to
entertain strangers ’—it all comes back to
me—‘ for thereby some have entertained
angels unawares.’ ”

  Again the silence settled down. Again
Davies found himself as in a state of sus-
pended animation. He felt as a spirit might
feel when hovering over the dead body that
had belonged to it during the earthly in-
carnation.

  There was one choked voice speaking
from the silence: “ They got me wrong!”
But there was another voice, small and
clear: “ Why not?”

  Why not be the thing they were believing
him to be? It was as if he stood on the
edge of a measureless gulf and contemplated
the possibility of flight.

  “ Did you notice,” the girl asked, “ how
they were all afraid to move or speak as
we went away?” It was a mere whisper,
a question not calling for an answer. “ They
were afraid.”

  The colonel had dropped his head forward
and rested it in his hands. The girl did not
disturb his reflection. She sat motionless
and looked off into the shadow's. The lamp-
light shone down on the two of them and
made a picture that slowly burned itself into
Richard Davies’s memory. What was he
that he should be treated to a picture like
this? What right had he to look at it?

  He stood there, flattened against the wall,

   4	A-S

and he was like some one or some thing that
has been annihilated.

  Who was this they had talked about?
It couldn’t be himself, although they had
used his name; and this no mere sobriquet
of the streets, either, but the name his
father had borne before him.

  He looked back on his immediate past,
but the one big fact that stuck out of it—
like a peak from a cloud—was the girl’s
hand on his arm. She had shown then the
sort of faith that she had in him. It wasn’t
the old Chick whose arm she had taken.
It was the arm of some one named Mr.
Richard Davies. Yet, who was this Mr.
Richard Davies?

 “Me!”

  “ No; it ain't you.”

   “ But it will be.”

  For, as yet, he was still annihilated in
every respect except that of his fluttering,
disrupted thought. His mouth w'as open.

  Then the colonel straightened up. He
spoke to the girl, but he did not look at
her. He also peered off into the shadows.

  “ Alvah, you are right. Altogether right.
But most right in keeping your faith in the
Power that sent us this friend in need. The
Lord was watching over me, even while I
was writing that card. It was He who
brought Mr. Davies to our door.”

  The girl put out her hand and caressed his
face. As the colonel slowly turned his head
and looked at her, Davies coukl see the
grief and contrition in the old man’s eyes.
It recalled the look he had seen in the face
of old Ezra Wood, and it summoned to his
own heart the same vague hunger—the
same white awe—thai had been there that
night in the Boone House.

  “ Alvah,” the colonel c?:d, “ let’s you and
me—get down on our knees—here and now
—and thank Him for sending us such a
friend and gentleman—as Mr. Davies.”

CHAPTER XX.

PARTNERS.

A VIES fled.

  He went up the stairs taking his
suit-case with him. -But he went like
a ghost, making no more noise than a shad-
ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

226

ow. Perhaps he wouldn't have cared so
very much if he had made a noise. There
are crises in the lives of every one when
the ordinary conventions—and even the or-
dinary decencies, so called—count for noth-
ing. And this was one of them.

  He reached the room he had deserted
only a few minutes before. Me went in.
He closed the door behind him. I!? dropped
his suit-case on the floor. He wilted back
against the door and stood there, mentally
haggard if not physically haggard, and
stared unseeingly into the gloom.

  But he was not altogether bereft of vision.

  Only what he saw was the series of pic-
tures he had brought back with him from
the hall, chiefly the last picture of all,
wherein an old man and a young girl were
kneeling side by side humbly thanking God
for sending them such a friend as .Mr. Rich-
ard Davies.

  By and by, Davies recovered possession
of himself to such an extent that he picked
up his suit-case and thrust it back into the
place from which he had taken it. He
relighted the lamp. Several times he paced
the length of the room. He stepped over to
the door, finally, and opened it wide. It
was not long before the thing happened
which he had expected.

  There was a knock at the side of the door,
and there was the voice of Colonel Wil-
liams asking him if he had not yet retired.

  “ Come in,” Davies invited.

  The colonel came in. He said something
about the possible desirability of extra cov-
ers for the bed, the unseasonable coolness
of the nights. Davies smiled upon him,
thrust forward the single chair in the room,
which was near the bed. He held the chair
while the colonel eased his weight into it.
Then Davies seated himself on the bed.

  “ The covers and everything are ail right,
colonel. But I’m glad you came. I was
wanting to talk to you.”

  For the first time since the colonel had
entered the room, their eyes met and held.

  “ Richard, I have come to apologize."

  “ No apologies are needed—not from
you.”

  “ As one gentleman to another—”

  “ Wait a minute, colonel."

  Davies was still smiling, but there was a

whiteness in his smile, as he himself could
feel. What he could not feel, perhaps, was
how deeply brilliant his dark eyes burned
in the yellow twilight made by the little
lamp. The colonel, looking at him, must
have had a vision of mystic warriors on
Welsh battle-fields. Hut the colonel waited.

  " I’ve got to tell you something,” Davies
went on. “ My parents were all right. I
believe they were. I know they were. See?
But I've spent most of my life among graft-
ers and thieves.” He lurched out the rest of
it hurriedly. “ I was one myself.”

  The old colonel wasn’t looking at him any
longer. He hadn't shifted his eyes, precise-
ly. It was rather a change of focus. The
colonel was looking, mistily, through him
and beyond him. His old face—misty eyes,
droopy nose, white and monumental mus-
tache— had become a portrait of earthly
wisdom. It was a very human face, humor-
ous and sad. The colonel had made a slight
gesture with his hand. Otherwise he did
not express himself. But Davies was find-
ing it easier to go on than he may have
expected.

  “ It was the easy money that made it
seem so good to me,” he said. “ Easy
money, even when I was a little shaver and
could swipe a tool or something from a new
building or a sidewalk where I was sup-
posed to be collecting firewood. A trip to
John the Junkman, and there you were!
And there were two or three times when I
thought that 1 was going straight, but it
was easy money that always switched me
back—in a phony gambling-house—where
I put down a ten and saw it turn into fifty,
and 1 left the fifty and saw it run to a
thousand. But I never went back. I was
always too wise for that. I would never
get caught. And it was like that when I
brushed up against a young swell in the
Polo Grounds and almost everything he
had dropped right out of his pocket into
mine. Easy money! Easy money!”

  The colonel nodded his head slowly sev-
eral times, and at the end of a nod. with
his head lowered, he kept it that way and
remained motionless.

   “ Until at Iasi.,’’ said Davies. “ I did take
a tumble to what it all meant and what it
was all leading to.
IF YOU BELIEVE IT, IT’S SO.

227

  “ You never get anything for nothing.
You've got to pay the price for every-
thing you get. I saw it right. 1 saw it
whole.

  “ And if I didn’t want to pay the price
like all the other thieves and grafters—or
almost all—it was me for the country
where I could work it out—something of
what I owed—or all of it, even—square
myself altogether—you understand—out
here in the country where the decent peo-
ple live, and you don’t have to lock your
doors at night, and where every other per-
son that you meet ain’t a grafter or a
crook.”

  “ I understand,” the colonel murmured,
and he slowly tugged at his silvery mus-
tache as a preliminary to further expres-
sion of his own. “ I understand."

     I wanted to tell you this,” Davies con-
tinued, his voice going smaller. " I may
be sticking around here for a while, you
know, just to see how things turn or.t. But
I couldn’t do it and let you folks go on
believing that I was something that I
ain’t.”

  His diminishing voice came to a rather
abrupt pause, as if he had suddenly dis-
covered that he had said everything that
he had to say.

  The colonel was looking at him again—
out of the top of his eyes.

  “ I understand. Richard," the colonel
announced. " I’ve known all along what
you were. What you’ve been telling me
has merely confirmed my first judgment of
you.”

  “ You knew—”

  The colonel slowly reached for some-
thing that made a weight in the tail-pocket
of his coat. It was something that did not
come easily. It required considerable time
and effort to extract it. When it did come,
it revealed itself as the colonel’s flask.
There was still a finger or so of whisky in
it. The colonel held the flask up where it
would catch the light. He slowly rocked
the liquor back and forth.

  There, for an interval, Davies may have
been expecting the colonel to pull the cork,
invite him again to take a drink. There
would have been nothing surprising about
such an action. In the world Davies came

from this was the usual climax to an emo-
tional passage.

  But the colonel, still with the flask in
his hand, got thoughtfully to his feet.

  " —knew that you were sent,” he mur-
mured.

  He trudged over to one of the shuttered
windows opening on the garden. He
pushed a shutter open.

  Davies, watching him, saw the colonel
uncork the flask and empty its contents
into the outer darkness. He saw the old
man remain there, apparently absorbed in
thought for yet a moment or so longer,
then toss the flask away.

  A midnight funeral!

  The flask fell into a bed of pansies that
Alvah Morley had been cultivating down
there ever since her advent in the old house.
The pansies grew lush, and were generous
with their flowers—purple and soft and
faintly fragrant. There can be no earthly
record of what the pansies thought when
the bottle arrived among them. But they
accepted it without protest, received it ten-
derly—gladly, one would be tempted to be-
lieve—the expiatory sacrifice of some frag-
ile human flower!

  Pansies for thoughts!

  The colonel remained for a rather long
time at the window, letting the breeze of
the night blow in upon him. It stirred his
white mustache and the folds of his coat.

  When he turned, there was a different
look in his face. His expression conveyed
an appearance of enlightenment, of added
wisdom—a wisdom no less human than
was habitual to him, but not quite so ter-
restrial perhaps. He smiled gently at the
youth who was watching him.

  He put out his hand.

  Wondering a little, yet touched with un-
derstanding, thrilled not a little with some
quiver of relief that was almost joy, Rich-
ard Davies got up and seized the colonel’s
hand.

  “My boy.” said the colonel, “my boy—”

  “ I was afraid—”

  “ A man need never fear anv one but
himself.”

  “ I couldn’t let you believe—”

  “ A man is not hurt by lies, sir, but by
the truth; and the truth won’t hurt him
228

AM.-STORY WEEKLY.

when he’s right. Gotl bless vou anti good
night!”

CHAPTER XXL

“ WELCOME TO 01 K CITY.”

THERE may have been something in
that aphorism of the colonel ' about
the truth being salutary so lung as a
man was right.

  The news of what had happened at the
hotel the night before had spread. This
news alone would have been enough to
make Davies a person of note in St. Clair
—one to be considered and looked up to.
especially by the ladies of the town: and,
far from being hurt by the inevitable un-
truths stitched onto the fabric of fact, these
added details merely increased his renown.

  But Davies wasn’t caring very much
what people said, either one way or the
other. “ A man is injured not by lies, sir,
but by the truth! And the truth won’t
hurt him when he’s right.’’ That was good
enough for him. And he prepared to set
forth on his day’s work.

  So did Mrs. Meckley.

  Mrs. Meckley had gone to bed late and
had risen early. She had done this with
a pleasant consciousness of duty. Some
one had to keep St. Clair posted as to the
doings across the street. It was barely
nine o’clock when she sallied forth. She
had already caught a distant glimpse of her
neighbor, Mrs. Sanders, troweling bulbs in
her front yard a hundred yards farther on
toward the center of town.

  “ I just saw that young man,” Mrs.
Meckley began.

  “ Who? The <jne that kicked up the
rumpus last night at the hotel?" Mrs.
Sanders turned to the black earth and
scooped out another bulb.

  “ What say?”

  “ Thought everybody in town knew
about it by this time.”

  “ I just saw him saying good-by," Mrs.
Meckley persisted weakly.

  “ Better say good-by. 1 reckon he's about
done his share.”

  “ You mean flirting—”

“ Serves ’em right, guzzlin’ an’ smokin’!’’

  Mrs. Meckley thought she saw a lead.
She dropped her voice, narrowed her eyes.

  “ There was a light in his window till
after midnight.” she tempted.

  Hut Mrs. Sanders hadn't wasted all her
ammunition, not by a jugful. She gathered
up her bulbs in a small box. made a strain-
ing effort, and got to her feet.

  “ I’m talkin' about Deacon Crane and
County Commissioner Miller gettin' their
faces smacked, and that little squirt of an
Ed Hall—I should think his mother would
go out with a new silk dress on every week
—gettin’ his lip split; not to speak of the
riffraff that usually does hang around the
saloon, all gettin’ a tannin’.”

  “ Milly Sanders! "

  l' Learn ’em a lesson. They ought to ’a’
knowed he was the colonel’s adopted son.”

  It wasn’t long before Mrs. Meckley dis-
covered that she was in a hurry—that she
was already late, in fact — on an errand
that would take her further on her way.
Even so. she wasn’t quick enough. She
saw that she was behind her schedule the
moment her eyes lit on the faces of the
Beverly sisters. They also had the news.

  Only, this time. Mrs. Meckley wasn’t
unprepared. She whispered something into
the somewhat wilted ears of the sisters.

  “ But he hasn't ever been married.” said
the elder Miss Beverly.

  " That’s what I’m telling you." said Mrs.
Meckley. and she whispered again. ” And
I think it’s just scandalous, the old repro-
bate aiming to marry off the girl like this
to his own son. Well, good-by, both of
you. I got to be trotting along.”

  She trotted, and the Beverly sisters de-
cided that they would go out in the back
garden to see whether Mrs. Mintner was
still at her curtain frames.

    I don’t see why she persists in calling
the judge a reprobate,” said the younger
Miss Beverly with a touch of malice.

  " Xo." said the elder, with perfect under-
standing. " She’s been setting her cap for
Colonel Williams long enough: goodness
knows! ”

    And he never would look at her." said
the younger Miss Beverly, pinking up.

  Meantime, Mr. Richard Davies, with that
aphorism of the colonel’s in mind and o i-
IF YOU BELIEVE IT, IT’S SO.

229

scious that he had come off first best in the
proceedings of the night before whatever
might be said about it, started out to see
what sort of an impression he could make
on the town as a soap-agent. He remem-
bered the instructions that had been handed
to him on a printed card at the soap-head-
quarters in Greenwich Street:

Work every house.

If they look poor, remember the poor are easy.

If they look rich, tell them so, and they'll fall.

  He had his suit-case with the half-hun-
dred cakes in it, also a deck of business-
cards. His first try was the house right
across the street—a little house back of a
high hedge; but no one was home and he
had to leave a card.

  The next house he tried was up the street,
where a woman was digging bulbs.

  “ Good morning.” he said. “ Harvesting
your onions?”

  The woman looked up from her work,
recognized him as the town’s latest arrival.
She smiled as she said: " These were early
tulips.”

  “1 know you don’t need it,” he said amia-
bly; “ but I'm introducing the new Saporino
line of Mexican mystery soaps. The name
sounds rather bunk; but they really are
good soaps; use them myself.”

  He gave Mrs. Sanders the help of his
hand. She was old enough to compliment
him frankly:

  “ You’re a good advertisement."

  Any one would have been justified in say-
ing as much. He was clean, immaculate,
even though he was a little shabby.

  “Well, you see,” he confessed: " I love
this soap so much I feel as if I was doing
folks a favor by letting them have it—
twenty-five a cake and better than a novel
or a play.”

  “ He ain’t the bruiser they were makin’
him out to be.” said Mrs. Sanders, looking
after him.

  He had made the sale.

  He could have cleaned out his entire stock
to the Beverley sisters. He knew that he
could, the moment that they pounced upon
him with their eyes. It was evident that
he had been well advertised. The ruction
at the hotel had been a good thing after all.

  The elder of the two addressed him from
the porch:

  “ Good morning, Mr. Williams.”

  “ What's that?”

  " Aren’t you Colonel Williams’s—er—”
  Davies got a portion of her meaning.

  “ Xo relation,” he smiled. “ I wish I
was. I'm introducing the Saporino line—”
And he recited his familiar patter.

  “ Isn’t it rather expensive?”

  “ Use ordinary soap to get the rough dirt
off, although we recommend our customers
to use the Saporino line exclusively. Ah, go
on, and take a dozen cakes. Two bits per!
I could tell right away that you ladies
had been to Xew York and knew all about
the Saporino line—”

  With Mrs. Meckley as an advance agent,
his fame was reaching into quarters where
it hadn’t readied before. But Davies was
cautious. It was almost too good to be true,
this glad-hand welcome he was getting
wherever he went. He scented something
in the air. Xor was he very long in finding
out that he was right, and what the danger
was.

  He had just sold his last cake of soap
when he saw a familiar figure sauntering
along the maple-shaded street. It was that
tough young farmer who had threatened to
give Gus a wallop on his own account the
night before.

  Davies was glad to see him. He was tired
of talking to women. He strolled up to
meet him.

  “ Hello,” he said.

  " Hello,” and the young farmer, with a
shrewd glance, backed up to lean against
the fence.

  “ Come and have a cigar with me,”
Davies invited.

  " Don’t care if I do.”

  There was a small cigar and candy store
across the street.

  “ Give us a couple of your best cigars,”
said Davies to the alert but unshaven young
merchant behind the counter.

  “ Xickel straight,” said the merchant,
taking two cigars from a box in the glass
case.

  And his eyes were as keen as a hawk’s
until he had his dime.

“ Here comes the bus for Pleasantville,”
230

ALL-STORY WKKKLY.

£he farmer remarked softly and casually
when they were outside again.

   “ Let her come,” said Davies, only mildly
interested. “ I guess this town will hold
me for a while.”

   The other .snorted softly.

   “ It ’11 hold you longer 'n you think, if
you don’t watch out.”

  “ On account of what happened at the
hotel?”

  “ That’s what started it. Hut nobody
wants nothing done about that for fear of
gettin’ drug into court themselves, like Miss
Morley said. But they’ve got the constable
primed up to run you in for sell in' without
a license.”

  He shot a swift glance up the street
toward the center of town. His voice
speeded up a notch.

  “ And here he comes now!"

CHAPTER XXII.

justice: that’s ai.l.

HIS first instinct was to run away.
Without looking particularly he could
see that his chances for flight were
good. The street was loosely gardened to
left and right. The open country at no
place was far away—meadows, flowing corn-
fields, patches of wood. His suit-case was
empty. There would be no great loss if he
abandoned it. He had always hated the
prospect of jail. Now, with a splurge of
feeling, he knew that he was hating it more
than ever—even though it should mean but
a day or two—on such a feeble charge as
peddling soap without a license.

  His mind was working fast.

  The constable, moreover, was taking his
time.

  Davies flashtngly reviewed his previous
life, the change that had come into it—and
that change particularly which he had ex-
perienced since his arrival at Flowery Har-
bor.

   It helped him to check his instinct to run.
It helped him to check that other instinct,
which was to bluff—plav the indignant, as-
sume the role of injured innocence, threaten
reprisals in a political way. That was Sol-
ly’s way.

  “ What are you going to do about it?”
the young farmer asked.

  “ Square myself." Davies replied. " So
long! Thanks! ”

  Davies met the constable at the side of
a low fence fringing a garden. Beyond
the garden was a lane. There was another
lane just across the way, and this ran off
down a slope between other garden fences
to a willowv hollow. There was still a
good chance to get away, but all the
time Davies was getting a better grip on
himself.

  He and the man of the law surveyed each
other.

  The constable was a man of middle age—
a trifle fat, a trifle dirty, but keen-eyed and
efficient. He was chewing tobacco. He
slowly masticated. He spat to one side.
His eyes came back to Davies’s eyes.

  “ 1 reckon," he said, without other pre-
liminaries, “ you know who I am.”

  “ You're the constable.”

  The other squinted down at a nickel-
plated badge on the lapel of his coat. He
burnished it with his sleeve.

  “ And you’re the young feller,” he said,
as if announcing a happy surprise, " who’s
been scllin’ inside the corporate limits with-
out a license. I guess I’ll have to ask you
to step along with me.”

  “I’m ready.”

  “ You seem to take it sort of cool."

  “Why shouldn't I? I haven’t been do-
ing anything wrong. I didn’t know 1 had to
have a license."

  “ Ignorance of the law ain’t no defense,”
the constable recited.

  “ I'm willing to get a license.”

  “ I suppose so," said the constable, with a
flash of malice, " now that the crime has
been committed."

  The constable was still leisurely. There
was an air about him of preoccupation, of
not having said all that he had to say. And
Davies noticed this.

  “ What do you think I'd better do about
it?”

  “ That's for the squire to say, although
he do generally follow my recommend.''

  “ And what’s that?”

  “ The lock-up." He snapped out the
words. " It largely depends on what I say
IF YOU BELIEVE IT, IT'S SO.

231

—and on what you might call public senti-
ment.’’

  With no chance to get off with a
fine?”

  The constable slanted a meaning look at
Davies. He casually glanced up and down
the all but deserted street.

  “ Xow you’re beginning to say some-
thin’/’ he mused.

  Again he shot a look at Davies.

  •• Well, come along,” he said. " We'll
be gettin’ off to the lock-up."

  " Have a cigar,” said Davies.

  “ Don't mind if I do."

   He took the cigar that the prisoner offered
and bit the end from it. Davies held a
match for him.

  •' Do you mean that I might get off all
right with a fine?"

  '• How much money you got?"

  I don't know, but it ought to be
enough.”

  The constable lowered his voice, spoke a
little more quickly than he had spoken
hitherto.

   •• I ain't one of these here officers that
won't listen to reason.” he averred with a
touch of nervous eagerness. "I'm broad-
minded enough, if it comes to that. Got to
be, b’ heck! I got a family.” He wasn't
altogether hardened. He appeared to be a
little disconcerted. He ran on, with a trace
of nervous laughter. " Some folks went
through here just the other day, bustin' the
speed-limits in one of these here big purple
cars, and they'd been goin' on like that yet
if I hadn't nabbed them, and the feller who
was steerin', he says to me. just like that,
says he: ‘Be you one of these here officers
that won’t listen to reason?’ • How so?’
says I. ‘ Why,’ says he. ‘ if you ain't.' says
he, ‘ mebbe you'll let me pay the fine right
here and now,’ says he.”

  •• How much was the fine?" Davies in-
quired.

   •• In his particular case, it was a five-
dollar bill.”

   Can't I pay my fine right here?'’

  " Not right here." the constable whis-
pered, “ unless you're mighty keerful about
it.”

  " I'll be careful.”

  Davies was as good as his word. He cast
a cautious look about him. He turned his
face to the fence and deftiy drew his bill-
fold. He counted out five one-dollar bills.
But the constable was not so cautious. At
any rate, the sight of the stranger's money
seemed to interest him more than any
chance of some one discovering his method
of executing the law. His keen eyes counted
the five bills as Davies counted them, and
also took note of all the other money inthe
fold.

  " I reckon," he breathed, " that your fine
will be just twice that much.”

  " You ought to go to some bigger town,”
said Davies briefly, after the transfer had
been made. But he kept his temper. “ How
do I know that they won’t make trouble
for me when I go to get my license even
now?”

  The constable was in high good humor.

  •• I guess you needn't worry about that,”
he said. “ Just let on like nothin’s hap-
pened. Keep your mouth shut, and nothin’s
goin’ to hurt you. Catch the four seven-
teen.”

  " But I want to be all on the square,”
said Davies. “ I expect to stay here a
while. I’m not going out on the four seven-
teen.’’

  •-Oh, you're not! ”

  “ You've let your cigar go out,” said
Davies. He lit a fresh match. “ And
you've let some ashes fall on your coat.”
He brushed the constable's collar lightly
while that officer was busy with the match
and the gift cigar. “ Can’t you go around
to the town hall with me and tell them there
that I’m all right?”

  ” I'm sorry,” said the officer; “ but it's
just about my dinner-time.”

  They sauntered along together for per-
haps a distance of fifty paces, and all this
time there was a sort of buzzing in Davies’s
brain. Then, what was that the colonel had
said about men being hurt by the trudi,
unless they happened to be right? Davies
eyed the constable.

  •• I thought,” he said carelessly, “ that
you had a badge.”

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK. Don’t forget this magazine is issued weekly, and
that you will get the continuation of this story without waiting a month.
Condon

A “SHORTY KILGOUR” STORY

YOU didn't know that 1 am an actor,
did you? Not many people know it
and among those who do, the excite-
ment isn’t violent. At present, of course, I
am not engaged in treading the boards. My
duties call for strict attention to about
seven square miles of alfalfa land, besides
which I do a little light livery stable work,
run the ranch tractors and perform miscel-
laneous erands for old man Treadwell.

  Jim Caldwell likewise is an actor. Some
people out here admit that he is a mighty
bad actor, when he winds up on too much
of Joe I'lynn’s hand-made rum. Bui what I
mean is that both Jim and me have quali-
fied on the dramatic stage. We may never
see our names in electric lights over a thea-
ter entrance, but we have both fell the thrill
of die descending curtain and the scattered
applause.

  All of this happened a long time ago. be-
fore Pop Treadwell captured us and har-
nessed us up to his rolling ranch. Now we
are plain, unvarnished hired hands, doing
our best to keep the cattle in shape, but
once we were more or less famous and it
happened because Jim could drive four
horses.

  We had been fooling around Springer.
Idaho, waiting for a job with a medicine
outfit, but something happened to the show
and it began to look like Jim and me would

have to move out of our boarding house or
pay the woman. One afternoon, we wan-
dered disconsolately out of town and
stopped on the brow of a long hill to medi-
tate and figure on the immediate future.
Off in the distance we could see a cloud of
dust, and when it came nearer, we observed
wagons and figures.

  The lead wagon had three cross seats,
and on these sat eight or nine sad-looking
individuals, including a gent wearing a
clean collar and a silk hat. Behind the
first wagon came a vehicle laden with
trunks. That was the entire parade. The
man driving the baggage wagon was having
trouble with his horses. He had four of
them, and when, the caravan reached our
hill the baggage wagon slid into a gully and
a few of the trunks dropped overboard.

   What would you say that is?” Jim
asked me.

  " Looks like a theatrical troupe.” I re-
turned. - They have a lean and unfed look
about ihem that makes me think of actors.”

  And it was. too. It was Match’s All-Star
Cast, arriving in Springer to regale the pop-
ulace with the spoken drama. At least, they
expected to arrive in Springer, if they could
get their baggage wagon out of the chuck-
hole.

  Mr. Hatch was the gent with the slightly
.-oiled silk hat. and about the time the

 232
OX AXD OFF.

233

unfortunate driver spilled the trunks into
the road, Mr. Hatch hurst into as flowery a
flood of profane language as 1 have ever
heard. There were some ladies present, but
apparently, they were accustomed to high-
powered words.

  Jim and I wandered over to the trunk
wagon and helped the big Swede load up the
derailed baggage, and during the operation.
Mr. Hatch took off his lid and reproached
his driver. Finally he turned on Jim.

  “ Can you drive four horses?" he asked.

  *' Yes,” said Jim.

  '• Do you want to drive them?”

  “ Sure!”

  •• Get up there, then.” Hatch said.
“ You’re elected.”

  li What about my friend?" Jim asked.

  '• Does he want a job?" Hatch inquired.
  Jim nodded.

  “ All right,” said Hatch, looking at me.
“ You don’t look like a very brilliant person.
Maybe I can make an actor out of you.”

  So I climbed up beside Jim and while
neither of us knew it at the moment, that
began our dramatic career. We then and
there joined Hatch's All-Star Cast. That
night we watched the company playing
“ East Lynn ” in the Springer Opera House,
sitting down in front on free seats.

  “ Well,” said Jim. at the end of the sec-
ond act, “ I never tried it, but if that's act-
ing, I can act.”

  “ Me, too,” I agreed. " Right now. I'm a
better actor than half of this company, and
I never tried it.”

  The leading man was tall and wore a
mustache. The leading lady was a dame of
uncertain years, named Hazel Hammond,
and the main thing about Hazel was her
diamonds. She had about half a quart of
jewels and Joe Marmon. one of the actors,
told us they were real diamonds. Later on.
another member of the company adopted
them and left on a freight train. So I sup-
pose they had some value.

  Joe Marmon was a nice, quiet guy. with
a bald spot. He was the company genius
and had once written a play called " On the
Border.'1 Other members of the company
informed me' that Joe had stolen this work
of art from an old-time play. Anyhow,
whether he wrote it or just rewrote it. old

man Hatch produced it now and then, with
the full company. There seemed to be a
demand for *• On the Border,” and when-
ever the call was loud and clear, Boss Hatch
put it on.

   But in the past, the play had always sort
of fallen down. It got so that Hatch
swore he would never present it again, and
the reason was that the play depended for
its big smash upon the dynamite explosion
at the end of the second act. That explo-
sion had been turning out a fizzle and
Hatch got tired of it. He always advertised
a good explosion and the people came ex-
pecting a good explosion, and they never
got it.

  About ten days after Jim and I joined
the All-Star Cast, the company headed
north into the Robbers Roost County. This
is a long, fertile valley between some saw-
toothed mountains, and as the railroads
don’t run up there, the towns in,the Rob-
bers Roost territory rarely get to see a show
with regular actors. There is only one way
into the valley, and that’s the way we went,
over a rocky, rutty trail, with Jim and me
driving the baggage wagon and the rest of
the cast coming behind.

   It took us two days to get to Five Falls,
and when we arrived we found that the
town consisted of a solitary hotel and one
other building, which was part livery stable
and part theatre. We got into Five Falls
about dusk and looked about for signs of a
town.

  “ Where is the place?” Hatch asked the
hotel owner, in some astonishment.

    Right here." said the man. “ This is
Five Falls."

   •• 1 don't sec any town,” Hatch went on,
grieved. " Ware supposed to give a show
here to-night, if this is the place. Where
are all the people?”

   •	Oh. they’ll be in, all right,” the man
answered. " They’ve got to tend to their
milking. If I was you, mister, I wouldn’t
begin my show till nine or ten o’clock.”

   So Hatch followed the hotel man’s sug-
gestion. We postponed the opening hour
until ten o'clock, and when the curtain went
up. there were three hundred people in the
house. They came from points twenty,
miles off. and right after supper we began to
234

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

see the lanterns on the end of wagon poles
as they crept into town through the dark-
ness.

  In the course of our dramatic wanderings
through a sterile and barbarous country, we
came upon the town of Huttersville, and I
wish to state at this juncture that 1 will
never forget Huttersville or Mr. Hutter, the
dumpy little man with the chin whisker,
after whom the town was named.

   Huttersville is a little burg buried behind
some raw and rocky mountains, and the
mail comes in once a week from the civil-
ized outside world. Old Man Hutter owns
the town. It is his own private and per-
sonal village. He began it. reared it tenderly,
and now guards it with a parent's stern love.
To guard it right, he carries a couple of
guns on his hips, and when our little theatri-
cal troupe reached town, we immediately
began to hear horrendous tales about what
a rough guy old Hutter was.

  Up to this time in our join! and several
careers with the company, neither Jim nor I
had drawn down any money. The cere-
monial of pay-day was unknown in Hatch's
All-Star Cast. It was a custom among the
actors to go wiihout salary and be content
with having their board and lodging paid,
and while this struck us as a novelty, still,
Jim and I didn't want to break any estab-
lished customs, so we said nothing. We
were eating pretty regularly anti had no de-
sire to trifle with our luck.

  Jim's salary was ten dollars a week and
mine was nine dollars each seven days, only
Jim never got his and neither did I.

  Furthermore, neither one of us had yet
done any real acting on the stage, among
scenery and surroundings. I did all my act-
ing in the barn with the horses, and Jim
acted with the baggage and scenes. When
we complained to Hatch that we were hired
to act a little, he said to wait till he pro-
duced “ On the Border,” in which we would
be sure to find a couple of toothsome parts.
So we waited patiently.

II.

  In Huttersville, Hatch’s All-Star Cast
busted loose with “ Orphan Annie ” before
a full and enthusiastic audience. Old Man

Hutter inspected the performance, just like
he inspected every performance, standing in
front in a belligerent attitude. Before the
cutain went up, the old coyote made a
speech to the audience, advising decorum
and calm. He swore profusely during this
speech, but no ladies walked out on him.
He threatened to climb up in the gallery
and kill a mess of small boys if they yelled
or pounded with their feet. Then he waved
a kaiserlike hand and told the show to go
on and it went.

  Hutter was a small, fattish man, with a
bald head and a red nose. It was his cus-
tom to observe each and every performance
given in the theater from the center of the
stage, at the point where the middle aisles
runs into the footlights.

   I noticed this strange habit of his at once.
He used to watch the performance, standing
witli his elbows resting on the stage and his
chin in his palms, staring up at the actors.
If they said something he didn’t like, he
stopped the show and balled out the un-
lucky guy before everybody. And if he
didn’t like the drama, he stopped every-
thing. put out the lights and told the audi-
ence to go home. He was one little auto-
crat, this little Hutter guy: and as I said,
he carried a couple of guns on his hip to
give his remarks the proper emphasis.

  Along about this time, Jim and I began
to feel that Hatch wasn't going to let us act
at all. We stood there in the alley back of
Hutter's Opera House one night early that
week, discussing Hatch and his persecution
of us.

  " He ain’t never going to let us act and
that’s plain,” Jim said to me. " We're just
good enough for the rough work around
here.”

  " He said he would give us a couple of
swell parts when he put on ' On the Bor-
der,’ ” I argued. “ Why don’t he put it on?”

  “ Yeah, why don't he?” demanded Joe
Marmon. the author of the play in question.
“ It ain’t doing the right thing by me,
either. I wrote that play and it’s a bird.
He’s doing me an injustice and the people
all want to see ‘ On the Border,’ too. Even
Old Man Hutter asked Hatch why he didn’t
put it on.”

  -	Well, why don’t he?” I demanded.
OX AND OFF.

23S

  “ Because Hatch says the explosion in the
old mill at the end of the second act always
turns out rotten,” Joe explained, and that’s
the first Jim and I knew there was an ex-
plosion in the piece. “ Hatch says that ex-
plosion is always a fizzle and spoils the
piece.”

  At that moment the sole proprietor of
Hatch’s All-Star Cast came suddenly out of
the stage entrance and busted into our con-
fab.

  “ Well,” Mr. Hatch demanded, having
heard the final part of Joe's speech,
“ wasn't that explosion a frost the last
town we played it? Am 1 right or wrong?
Is there any good playing ‘ On the Border ’
with an explosion that sounds like a robin
laying an egg? Ain't that explosion the
main thing in the show? That’s why I
won’t put the thing on in this town or any
other, even if Old Man Hutter demands it.”

  “ Say, Mr. Hatch,” Jim said suddenly.
“ You mean that you would put this play
on and give me and Shorty a chance to act,
if you only had a good explosion?'’

  “ Sure,” said Hatch, and then, being in a
hurry, he walked away.

  Jim watched him go down the alley and
turn into the street and then turned to me.

  “ Shorty,” he said, “ you been eager to
do a little acting and now your time has
come. Likewise. I have yearned to get up
there and show these birds some real acting,
and I am about to have my fling.”

  “ He said he wouldn’t produce ‘ On the
Border ’ till he was sure of a first-class ex-
plosion,” Joe Marmon said, glumly.

  “ And he’s going to have a first-class ex-
plosion,” Jim returned. “ Have you got the
manuscript so’s the company can learn this
piece?”

  Joe said he had it up in his trunk at the
hotel and Jim told him to dig it out and
have copies made for all members of the
cast.

  “ And have a couple for me and Shorty,”
Jim added, " because this is our first oppor-
tunity.”

  When we were alone a little later on. I in-
quired what all this meant.

  “ You heard what Hatch said, didn’t
you?” Jim demanded.

  “ Sure: that we have to have a real ex-

plosion instead of the usual fizzers. What’s
that got to do with it?”

  " Well,” Jim went on, with a proud and
thoughtful smile, " you don’t know it, be-
cause we weren't acquainted then, but I’m
one of the best little explosion experts in the
world. Back in my home town in the old
days I used to be the Fourth of July king.
I got up all the home-made cannons and
mortars. They used lo depend on me to
produce a lot of loud noise and I made
good. What I don’t know about explosions,
noise, and excitement ain't worth knowing.
So when I heard that there was nothing be-
tween us and a chance to act but a good ex-
plosion, I knew our chance had come.”

  " You mean you're going to undertake to
make the explosion?” 1 asked.

  “ At the end of the second act of ‘ On
the Border,’ ” Jim went on, “ there has got
to be a good, loud explosion in the old mill
—one that will convince die audience. And
up to this time, the company has been shy
one high-class explosion expert. If I’d only
known why Hatch was backward, we would
have acted long ago.”

  " Well,” I said, somewhat pleased, “ I
didn’t know you were a gunpowder shark,
but that ain’t important, anyhow. The
main thing is that he puts on the show
and then we get our long and patiently
waited opportunity.”

  “ We do," said Jim. “ And we won’t
have to wait long.”

  And we didn’t, either.

  Jim and Joe Marmon got together and
then held a consultation with Boss Hatch.
Joe probably explained that Jim Caldwell
was the man the company had long needed,
and when Hatch was assured that Jim knew
all the technical details about a good, bang-
up explosion, he consented to have the thing
announced.

  Old Man Hutter was informed officially
that " On the Border ’’ would be performed
in New York style by the Hatch All-
Star organization on Friday night, and the
old coyote was pleased. He wrote out the
announcement on the back of a playing
card, which he nailed to the pole in front of
the Huttersvill? barber shop, and the towns
folk began to talk about the thrilling melo-
drama.
236

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Jim came to me with pride glowing in his
eyes and brought the news.

  “ I’m to play the part of the hero,” he
said, “ and you’re the villain. You annoy
me all through and at the end of ihe second
act you hit me on the head with the gun and
tie me up to the burning powder keg.”

  “ It sounds reasonable,” I remarked.
“ What do I say first, right after the curtain
goes up?”

  We didn’t have all the time in ihe world
to study our respective parts of hero and
villain because Friday night was approach-
ing fast, but we went to work and I learned
what I had to do without any trouble.

  Meantime, Jim and Joe Marmon were
busy learning their own lines. But what
was more important, they were out rustling
a class one explosion to insert at the end of
the second act and thus make good with
Manager Hatch. They had promised him
and they were doing their best.

  I didn’t know what steps Jim was taking,
and if I had known, my own part in " On
the Border ” would have been different.

   To begin, the explosion was to take place
in the old mill. The hero was called upon
to be tied up to the burning powder keg by
the scheming villain, and just before the
mill blew up, the beautiful heroine was to
dash in and unloose the hero's bonds. Then
the mill went up and that's what had
always proved a failure in the past. They
couldn’t get the mill to go up with the
proper amount of authority. The audience
simply snickered at the explosion scene !,id
told each other it was a cheesy exhibition.
It was this that Jim was attempting to over-
come, using, as he said, his Fourth of July
experience of olden days.

  I have always known that Jim was a
nut, but I did not know Joe Marmon well
enough to catalogue him. He was not only
a nut, but he was a simple-minded, cred-
ulous, childish, durned fool. He went
along with Jim Caldwell while that wild-
haired hyena prepared the explosion mate-
rial, and about these details I knew nothing
until later on.

   The first thing they did was to buy eight
or nine pounds of very black gunpowder,
which they packed into a defunct lard-can.
They then prowled around Huttersville

until they discovered a beer-keg. It was
an old-fashioned, solid oak beer-keg that
had never known a weak moment in its life.
Thus equipped, Jim and Joe wandered back
to Mutter’s Opera-House with their mate-
rial. They put the top on the lard-can and
made a neat hole in it. Then they placed
the can carefully in the bottom of the beer-
keg and began packing it in. They used
pieces of wet paper, bits of wood, small
rocks, sand, gravel, mud, some petrified
turnips Jim found back of a grocery, and
various other ingredients. When they got
through packing, the lard-can was tightly
wedged inside the beer-keg. They then ran
the fuse up through the top and nailed the
top back onto the beer-keg, after which Jim
announced that they were now ready for
a good, thrilling explosion in the mill scene.

  And they were! Believe me, that ex-
plosion scene never had a chance of turning
out a fizzle after those two maniacs fin-
ished up their preparations.

  •• Shorty,” Jim explained to me that Fri-
day afternoon. l' we’re going to have one
peach of a blow-up. Old Man flutter will
be surprised. And Hatch will be pleased.
This ain’t going to be no fizzle, and don’t
you forget it.”

  As stated, I didn’t know the details of
Mr. Caldwell’s preparations. I only knew
that he seemed mighty sure the explosion
would thrill the Huttersville audience.
Nothing happened until about six o’clock
that evening. Jim passed me in a hurry,
going into the dressing-room, and paused.

  •' Shorty,” he said. “ I forgot to get a
fuse. You rush out somewhere and buy a
good fuse. We can't get along without a
fuse."

  So I put on my hat and started out on
a still hunt through Huttersville to find a
fuse.

  I got into all the stores Uiat were still
open, but no fuses. Business had been
very quiet in the fuse line, they told me,
but finally 1 got a guy in a hardware-store
to patch up a home-made fuse, and, while
it wasn’t a very workmanlike object, still it
would burn with surprising speed. He used
paper and string and powder, and what
else I don’t know. I took the fuse back
to Jim, and he thanked me.
ON AND OI'I'.

237

   Later on I was sorry I bought that fuse.

   Then the people of Huttersville began to
move toward the Hutter Opera-House to
witness the performance of that sterling
melodrama. “ On the Border." by Joseph
Marmon, presented by Lemuel Hatch and
his all-star cast. The town was filled with
suppressed excitement. Joe .Marmon was
trotting around in circles, and every one
else was more or less fidgety. I didn't know
whether I knew my lines or not.

  “ Shorty,” Jim said to me, fixing his
make-up on, “ this is going to be a big night
in our lives."

   “ I believe it." I said.

III.

  So it came about that the house was
crowded the night Jim and I began our
artistic career. Every seat in the gallery
was occupied by a palpitant gent, all ready
to be thrilled. There was not a soul in the
building that hadn't come to be there when
that old mill blew up.

  Old Man Hutter appeared toward the
start of the show and assumed his dicta-
torial manner and his impudent position
down there at the foot of the center aisle
where it runs into the footlights. The
theater was heated in the good, old-style
way with a pot-bellied coal-stove, which
was going pretty good that night, it being
a mite chilly outside. It was one of the
roundest, reddest, and fattest stove.' I can
remember, and it is impressed upon my
mind forever.

   On the opposite side of the theater, and
near the stage, was a piano that opened up
the back. That piano was a priceless in-
stitution and the proud boast of Hutter.—
viile. because it was the only instrument of
harmony in town. It had been hauled into
Huttersville on a wagon at a tremendous
outlay of time and money, and Old Man
Hutter regarded il with great love and es-
teem. It was a highly polished piano, and
whenever the man wasn’t playing on it
they kept it wrapped up in a Mother Hub-
bard, which the man always threw back
with great ceremony.

  The first part of On the Border ”
found me as nervous as a schoolgirl with

her first young man. I not only forgot my
lines. I forgot everything I had ever
known, including my name and color. But
we blundered along somehow. Jim was
heroing all over the place, and 1 forgot
whether he remembered his lines or invent-
ed stuff as he went along.

  Joe Marmon hadn’t been seen during the
first act. and I found out later that he had
got himself accidentally stewed toward sup-
ter-time and was therefore detained some-
where. but he blew into the theater some
time during the second act. He came over
and stood by me just before I hit Jim with
the butt end of a gun.

  The action was like this: Jim was the
curly-haired hero, and I was trying to ggt
rid of him, so I hit him with the gun,
dragged his unconscious form into the old
mill, tied him to the keg of dynamite, and
blew him into smithereens. Only just be-
fore the explosion, the beautiful heroine
came on the run. undid him, and dragged
him to safety. Then the piece called for
the explosion.

  Just before my time to dash out onto
the stage and hammer Jim with the gun,
Joe Marmon began talking to me. At first
I didn't get the drift of his conversation,
but gradually it dawned on me that he was
explaining what a good explosion this ought
to be. lie said it ought to satisfy Lemuel
Hatch. Old Man Hutter, and all the towns-
people. because great pains had been taken
by him and Jim to prepare it.

  1 was trying to keep my mind on the
lines I would have to say in a minute, so
I only half heard what Joe was saying, and.
anyhow, his breath bothered me. I had a
lot of tilings to do, because after I hit Jim
with the gun, I tied him up with a rope to
the dynamite, and then strung my fuse
across the stage and lighted the far end of
it. And about one second lie fore my cue
to leap out came. I heard Joe talking dis-
tinctly.

  “ Yeah,” Joe was saying. " they ain't a
soul can find fault with this- explosion. If
this don’t startle them, I don't want a dime.
There's ten pounds in that tin can. any-
how."

  " Ten pounds of what?” I demanded, my
mind turning to Joe and his breath.
238

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Gunpowder.” Joe said solemnly.
“ Smoky, old-style gunpowder, packed in
tight. Jim and me. we hunted high and
low till we got just the can we wanted, and
when I say she's going to puff hard. 1 tell
tell the truth. When you light that fuse,
don’t you hang around this theater, Shorty.
The minute you touch her off, you start
out through the alley door and keep on
going till it’s over. I won't be here myself,
and I know what’s going to occur.”

  There were about nine people on the
stage, and it dawned on me that maybe a
catastrophe was at hand. I felt a sudden
coolness in the region of my feet, and I re-
membered what a liar Jim was. and also
what a blundering ass.

  If Joe said they had ten pounds of stuff
packed in that beer-keg, there was no rea-
son to doubt it. but the news had come too
late.

  It was my time to start out and hit Jim
with the gun. and I did. I hit him good.
He went down on the stage in a heap, and
the audience hissed me. Then I bound Jim
up to the keg and prepared to light the
fuse. And if ever there was a job that
looked distasteful, that was it. But it had
to be done.

  I lighted the fuse and then dashed
around the flies, telling those not in sight
of the audience to duck out into the alley.
Then I ran arjund to the handle with
which we let down the curtain, because I
knew that the curtain had to come down
fast. I found somebody's overcoat and
wrapped it around my head, and when 1
looked out on the stage, the fuse was sput-
tering across the dim light, and Jim was
struggling like a maniac with hi« bonds.
The poor nut had enough sense to want to
leave that keg.

  Before Jim got his ropes loose, the
heroine ran in and untied him. and he
picked her up in his arms and made a wild
run for liberty and the alley door. Joe
Marmon had ducked out. and what I had
said had spread a sort of young panic back
on the stage, so that nobody was there ex-
cept me and Old Man Hutter. with his chin
in his palms, and Ollie Secord. Ollie was
another member of the all-star cast, and in
the explosion scene he was supposed to

stand in the wings, holding an armful of
barrel-staves. At the right moment Ollie
was instructed to toss his barrel-staves up
in the air and let them crash down on the
stage, making the noise louder and more
realistic. He stood right behind me, and
wouldn’t duck out into the alley.

   " You'll get killed, fool!” I whispered to
him. “ This is going to be a bird. Go on
out.”

  " I got to stay here and throw these
staves,” Ollie answered, “and I’m going to
do it.”

  But he never did. Because right then
the beer-keg blew up.

  And believe me when I say she blew up
right.

  By this time, I was scared purple. With
my coat-collar hiding my shrinking form
from the coming catastrophe, I cuddled
against the wall, holding the curtain-
handle, and the last thing I noticed was
Old Man Hutter, standing with his chin in
his palms and his elbows on the stage.

  Xever in this world was there such an
indoor explosion. Nowhere in the history
of civilization can you find a record of such
a man-sized bang. That barrel rose about
four feet off the floor and let go, and it was
just the same as shooting a seventeen-inch
shell through a plate of butter.

  Ollie Secord never did hurl the armful
of barrel-staves onto the stage. No. The
outburst caught him in the midst of his act
and lifted him into the air. When he land-
ed. he was blown part way through the side
wall, and he was covered with broken bar-
rel-staves and denuded of some skin.

  The shock knocked me down before I
could twist the curtain-handle once. It
picked profane Old Man Hutter up and
tossed him back against the red-bellied coal-
stove. where he seriously burned both arms
before he could crawl off under a seat.

   On the stage, directly above the old mill,
was a Rochester oil-lamp, about as large
and rotund as a vinegar-barrel. The ex-
plosion hit that Rochester lamp, blew it up
against the ceiling, and flattened it out to
the thinness of a pancake. The darn lamp
stuck against the ceiling.

  Every board on the stage was busted and
splintered. Rocks, sand, gravel, pieces of
ON AND OF I-'

239

tar paper, and plain clay mud flew hither
and yon, and that sacred piano with the
self-cocking back was a wreck. They later
on picked about half a ton of debris out of
the entrails of that shining implement of
melody.

  In a way it was funny, and in another
way it was not. In all that crowded audi-
ence not a soul was hurt, except for maybe
a scratch or two. The beer-keg exploded
over their heads, and the gravel and stuff
was blown clear through the house, above
the heads of the audience. Later on. 1 per-
sonally pickcd chunks of rock as big as
an egg out of the wall at the rear of the
theater.

  Every window in the theater was blown
out, and all the windows in the hotel next
door were shattered into fragments.

  Old Man Hutter picked himself up and
began one of the loudest and most profane
speeches in the history of the town. Jim
Caldwell was out in the alley when the
thing blew up. and he did not return to see
how good it was. In fact, he concealed
himself in a livery-stable all night.

  There was no third act to “ On the
Border.” The audience indicated that it
had about enough of the dramatic art for
one night, besides which some feared the
roof of the place was coming down.

  And when the excitement died down. I
was arrested. That’s the good part. They
swore I was the guy that bought the fuse,
which was true. The entire town had seen
me light that fuse, so there could be no
argument about it. I was charged with
malicious destruction of property, endan-
gering the safety and lives of an orderly
people, carrying concealed weapons, arson,
disorderly conduct, and having no visible
means of support.

  Furthermore, the next day I was sued
on six different counts by people who said

I had damaged their property with my ex-
plosion. And all this time Jim Caldwell
remained out of sight, which was just as
well, because Hatch was looking for him
with blood in his eye, and Old Man Hutter
had said in public that all he wanted was
one shot at Jim.

  It looked like I would spend a long time
in the Huttersville jail, but Hatch bailed
me out toward nightfall anil made arrange-
ments with the people who were demanding
my life. 1 sneaked around in the darkness,
intending to go to the hotel and see what
could be done, and as 1 passed an alley
entrance I heard a hissing sound. It was
Jim. hissing at me from the livery-stable.

  “ Come on out and get killed.” I said to
him, and not any too kindly.

  Sneaking through the darkness he paused.
“ Shorty.” he said, “ it looks to me like
you and I ought to move on out of this
town.”

  “ Yeah.” I said. " you have a great gift
of vision. Why don’t you look ahead a
little when you handle explosives?”

  “ They wanted a good one, and I gave
it to them,” Jim said defensively. “ No-
body can call that a fizzle.”

  “ No, but they came near being able to
call it a funeral,” I rejoined. “ I’m just
out of jail, on your account.”

  “ Let’s leave,” Jim whispered. “ Some-
thing’s sure to happen to us. Besides, I’m
hungry. I’ve been living on oats.”

  Then and there Jim and I ended our
dramatic careers. We started through the
darkness, having no ambition except to put
distance between us and Huttersville. Next
morning a man driving a team of mules
caught up with us. and that’s the way we
got back to civilization.

  So. as I said at the start. Jim and I are
actors, in a manner of speaking, though to
look at us now you might not suspect it.

 JANIE FHETE PUTS OVER A KNOCK-OUT

A SHORTAGE IN PERFUMES

          BY RAYMOND S. SPEARS, Author of "The Green Sachem,” "Trail of the Otter Pelts.’' etc.

| A NEW FOUR-PART SERIAL BEGINNING NEXT WEEK
CHAPTER I.

l BUY A IIUL'SK.

    MET Balliol as result of answering an"
advertisement in a Los Angeies paper.
It looked like just what I wanted.
Here is the ad to speak for itself:

  FOR SALE—Twenty-acre ranch, fine house,
complete equipment. Ten acres walnuts, eight
pears. Electricity. Water abundant. Income,
live thousand dollars, but will sell cheap for cash.
Near lake north of San Francisco.

  John Balliol met me by appointment for
luncheon at a down-town hotel. Instantly
I saw that something was very wrong with
him.

  He was a line-looking young feilow, but
was terribly nervous; he must have smoked
ten cigarettes with the meal. That, if you
happen to know, is purely a city habit.
Then, he had a way of glancing swiftly over
his shoulder as though afraid something
were about to come at him; and his eyes
wandered, flitted with lurking suspicion.

  He was afraid of something.

  But he was a gentleman, a man of edu-
cation. One or two things he said gave me
the idea that he was a Harvard man. but
he kept very close-mouthed about himself.
He had a quecrly aggressive manner, the
manner of one who fights yet knows that he
is licked. Also, he wanted to sell and get
his money at once—before the following
night.

  “ But you're not a rancher, Mr. Des-
mond." he said, suspicion in his eyes.

•	Why are you interested in my property?’’
i iaughed. " Largely because it’s a sac-
rifice for cash." I replied. “ I'm no ranch-
er. but a sedate artist of a sort. Being a
bachelor, I practise interior decoration; but
I paint pictures as a preferential occupa-
tion. In the past year I've made so much
money through supplying really worthless
but gorgeously blended interiors to war
profiteers, that my general physical condi-
tion has "one llooey, if you get my mean-
ing! The New York medicos sent me to
California. The Los Angeles medicos have
ordered me to get on a ranch up north,
where the climate is more bracing and not
so deadly monotonous.”

  " I get you." he nodded briefly. “ Know
anything about ranching?”

  ” I can stretch an easel between rows of
pear-trees, can't I?”

  At that he laughed, and for a moment
lost his nerve-tensed expression.

  " I need money." he said after a bit. “ I
need it badly—before to-morrow night. I
got the ranch several years ago; I’ve been
improving it steadily, and the house and
property are now in first-class shape. And,
I've spent a lot of money on it.”

  Reason for selling?” I inquired.

  " Strictly private.” He looked slightly
flurried, but his eyes remained steady.

  Merely because I need the money, and
need it more badly than I can tell you.

240

H. Bedford-Jones
THE HOUSE OF SKULLS.

241

It’s a grand place up there, Mr. Desmond!
Deer are a nuisance; you can shoot wild
hogs any time. If you like fishing, Clear
Lake has the best in the State. In two or
three years, after they get the boulevard
through from Frisco, that whole valley will
be opened up and land will be out of sight.
At present it’s twenty miles from the rail-
road, and I can’t honestly brag of the
roads—”

  He got out a map of Lake County and
showed me the lay of the land. When I
saw that the lake was thirty miles long,
that his place was only a few miles from
Lakeport, the county-seat, that it was in the
heart of the hills, and within easy distance
of the big trees and of San Francisco itself,
I warmed up to the subject.

  “ Well,” I said, “ what’s the price? Low-
est cash.”

  “ Ten thousand cash—if I can get it be-
fore to-morrow night.”

  That looked queer to me. Ten thousand
for a place bringing in five thousand a year!

  “ You want the money by to-morrow?”
I said thoughtfully. “ I have an old friend
in one of the banks here; he’ll handle every-
thing for us. He can make thorough in-
quiries as to the title, and so forth, by wire.
If it’s as you say, and if the title’s clear,
we can know by to-morrow noon—and I’ll
take it. Otherwise, not.”

  He drew a long breath. “ I’m satisfied,
Mr. Desmond. By the way, if you put
through the deal, would you consider buy-
ing a car? I drove down here in mine—a
Paragon four-passenger roadster. I’ll not
need it, and I’m already offering it for sale.
If you haven’t a car, you’ll find it the best
bargain on the market. Cost me five thou-
sand about four months ago, and I'll take
a thousand cash—before to-morrow night.”
“All right,” 1 assented cautiously. “If
you’re willing to have the Paragon agency
here, give her the once-over.”

  He was willing to have an}' kind of in-
vestigation made, either of the ranch or of
the car. Inside of an hour my bank had
the ranch matter in hand, and promised me
a complete report the following morning.
John Balliol and I went to the Paragon
agency on Olive Street, where his car was
laid up. and I found no report was needed.
5 A-S

  The car was strictly a beauty, in first-
class shape. She was not exactly an eco-
nomical car, but she would give good ser-
vice for years—a nifty, high-class job all
around, as the Paragon agent described her.
1 liked her so well that I bought her on the
spot, ranch or no ranch; and I’ve never had
cause to regret the bargain.

  That night I spent a good deal of time
wondering about my friend John Balliol,
He had all the earmarks of a gentleman;
but for all I knew he might be a rank fraud.
Not a word had he said about himself, other
than I have set down here.

  If he had not been in a hurry, and if his
ranch was as described, he could have ob-
tained twenty thousand for it—easily. And
his car was salable for double the price I
had paid. He was, obviously, in the posi-
tion of one who is madly sacrificing all that
he has in order to raise quick money—“ be-
fore to-morrow night,” he had said. Of
course, it was none of my affair aside from
the business end of it.

  At ten the next morning I went to the
bank, where Balliol was already waiting.
The cashier beckoned me into his private
office and spread several telegrams before
me.

  “ Everything looks correct, Mr. Des-
mond,” he stated. “ In fact, everything is
correct. The title is flawless, and the land
is worth much more than is asked.”

  “ And this Mr. Balliol himself?” I said.
“ Will you satisfy yourself that he’s what
and whom he says he is?”

  The cashier grasped this somewhat in-
volved query and nodded. Then he sum-
moned Balliol to join us. At first Balliol
was inclined to be insulted; then we made
him realize that to hand out ten thousand
in cash to a man without identification was
somewhat risky. He immediately calmed
down, and not only produced all kinds of
papers, but had himself identified by one of
the largest banks in the city, just around
the corner from my own bank. In short,
John Balliol was all to the good.

  “ You attend to the transfer,” I said,
when Balliol produced the deeds to the
property and handed them to the cashier.
The latter nodded and left us alone.

  “ Now, Mr. Balliol,” I said, when I had
242

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

written the check and was waiting for it to
dry, “ this deal is going through. In fact,
it has gone through. I wish, as between
gentlemen, that you’d tell me anything you
know against the property—why you’re
giving it away.”

   He turned a little white under his healthy
tan, and fished for a cigarette.

  “ Can’t do it, Mr. Desmond,” he re-
sponded. “ It’s—well, it's private, abso-
lutely! Nothing whatever against the
property, upon my word! I got into a bit
of trouble, however, and had to have the
money. That’s all.”

  Of course I asked no further questions,
and the deal was concluded on that basis.
I had made out the check to him personal-
ly, and he did not cash it, but took it away
with him. He did not even ask the bank
about my standing, which made me feel
rather ashamed of my insistence regarding
him. But, as we separated with mutual ex-
pressions of good will, I saw him walk away
—and glance again over his shoulder with
fear in his eyes.

  He had two checks, amounting to eleven
thousand of my money: and I had his ranch
and his car. And that little Paragon boat,
believe me, was a wonder! It was a dis-
tinctive car, with a specially built body,
and the color was bright canarv-yellow—
light enough not to show dust easily. The
top had plate-glass and solid curtains, and
was a deep maroon in hue. Taken all in
all, the car could be recognized several
miles away as the only one of its kind on
earth, particularly as the wire wheels were
a bright pea-green. The top was low and
deep, of the back-curved variety which ef-
fectually hides the driver and passengers.

  Speaking for the New York decorator. I
could not say that Yorke Desmond was ex-
actly wild about the color-scheme of that
car. I forgot this in the beauty of her per-
formance, however. Later on, perhaps, 1
would have the paint changed.

  According to John Balliol, I would have
nothing on earth to do except to sit around
while my walnuts and pears grew, and rake
in the shekels when they were ripe. Every-
thing was bought on the hoof, as it were, so
I did not even have to pick the fruit. This
suited me, naturally. Of course, explained

Balliol, the ground had to be cultivated
once or twice a year, and the pear-trees had
to be sprayed in the summer, but all equip-
ment was on the place. Such mild diver-
sions would but relieve me from the mo-
notony of having nothing to do.

  As they say just off Broadway, it listened
good.

  It was noon when the sale was consum-
mated. as I have described. Within an
hour I had two extra cord tires reposing on
the hind end of my new car. and a com-
plete outfit of maps from the automobile
club, and an outfit of suit-cases on the run-
ning-board. By two o’clock I had packed
up my belongings, shipped my artistic im-
pedimenta by express to myself at Lake-
port, and at two-five I was heading toward
Hollywood and the coast highway north.

  My mental attitude was precisely that of
a child with a new toy. I wanted to drive
that Paragon bus for all she was worth, and
only the fear of speed cops held me down.
I was wild to get up to my new ranch and
see how the walnuts and pears grew. So,
having nothing particular to keep me in
Los Angeles, I got on my way without de-
lay. Either I had bought a wondrously
good thing, or 1 had somehow got won-
drously stung—and the chances were that
I had not been stung!

  By six o'clock that evening I was safely
arrived in Santa Barbara for the night.
Ahead of me were the alternate patches of
boulevard and most abominable detouring
which constitute the State highway to San
Francisco, and I was supremely happy in
the way the Paragon rustled along.

  That canary car, with the green wheels
and maroon top, certainly attracted atten-
tion; this was the only fly in my ointment.

I am essentially a modest and retiring man,
and 1 abominate being taken for some orna-
ment of the film industry. Any one who
had ever seen that car would remember it
to his dying day, and I never passed a car
on the road that my rear-sight mirror did
not show me the occupants craning for-
ward for another eyeful of my beauty. All
this bothered me, but caused me no partic-
ular worry.

  I could not forget, however, the pe-
culiarity of John Balliol’s manner. I felt
THE HOUSE OF SKl'I.LS.

243

sorry for the chap; felt rather as though I
J’d taken advantage of a man when he
was down. Elated as I was over my bar-
gain, I thought to myself that if the ranch
panned out, I'd send him an additional five
thousand later.

  But I could not forget him as 1 had last
seen him—glancing over his shoulder as
though half expecting something to pouncc
on him.

CHAPTER II.

I MEET A l-ADY.

IT happens to be the case in California
that the Los Angeles newspapers circu-
late north, and the San Francisco papers
circulate south, until they overlap and die.
They circulate swiftly, too. I was up and
out of Santa Barbara before seven o’clock,
and had the last Los Angeles edition in my
pocket when 1 went to breakfast. The
point of this digression will arrive in its
proper place.

  Beyond glancing over the head ’.'nes of
my paper, I did not look through it, but
jammed it into my overcoat-pocket for later
consumption. If only I had read that pa-
per, things might have happened otherwise
—or they might not. All’s for the best!

  I got off in a drenching fog and drizzle
of rain, which, I was assured, was the usual
southern California " high fog.” There
were no speed cops out at this time of day,
so in half an hour I was finishing the
twenty-odd miles of boulevard north of the
city, by which time the fog was breaking
and the sun streaming forth gloriously.

  The worst road 1 ever took, or ever hope
to take, befell me then and there. It was a
detour, and there were miles of it, alongside
the newly constructed but unfinished bou-
levard. Then 1 swung into a bit of pre-
sumably finished road, with unfinished cul-
verts at the bottom of each hill; the first
one nearly took my head off when we
struck. Then more miles, and long miles,
of plain road—about as bad as the detour;
then boulevard again, thank Heaven, that
lasted! This took me until eleven in the
morning.

Consulting my road maps, 1 found that

I was close to a town—the name I have for-
gotten—and should reach San Luis Obispo
for luncheon, with fair road most of the
way. Being in a hurry, I stopped in the
town long enough to buy gasoline, and I
happened to stop at the first gasoline sign I
saw, which was near the railroad station.
Recalling the circumstance later, I remem-
bered that my car was headed north, quite
obviously.

  While the tank was being filled, a north-
bound train passed through without a stop,
and the garage man said that it was the
“ flier ” from Los Angeles. It had left
there some time the previous night, and
passed here “ regular as clockwork.” Nat-
urally, at the moment I thought nothing
whatever of the incident.

  “ Good highway all the way to San
Luis,” observed the man, while he made
change for me. No speed-cop out to-
day, neither. The boy got run into day
'fore yesterday, so burn her up if ye want!
But keep your eye skinned north o’ San
Luis, partner. Gosh! Say, ain’t this car a
real oriole, though!”

  Thanking him, I climbed in and proceed-
ed lo “ burn her up.” The bad roads of
the morning had delayed me, and I was
anxious lo make time. I made such good
time that I passed the limited train just be-
fore reaching San Luis, and, finding that it
was still on the good side of noon, I deter-
mined to push on to Paso Robles for
luncheon.

  About twelve thirty I was in Paso Ro-
bles, still untouched of any speed-cop.
Leaving my car before the garage in the
main street, I began to skirt the block from
store-fronl to store-front in search of
luncheon. Now, I do not want to pain the
good citizens of Paso Robles; but I was too
ignorant to go back a block to the big ho-
tel; I merely asked for a restaurant and
was directed accordingly. So I had no
kick coming.

  At last, oh the other side of the block, I
found a place, settled down to a table, and
to my surprise found the food really en-
durable. As I ate 1 continued my perusal
of the morning paper. It was the only Los
Angeles paper in those parts, T imagine—
for I saw no other there or north of there.
244

AIJ.-STORY WEEKLY.

  The paper was in two sections. And on
the front page of the second section was a
photograph of John Balliol.

   As I glimpsed that picture I felt a prem-
onition, a fore-warning. Beneath it was his
name and nothing more. But to the left
was a three-column story, entitled: “ Scion
of Prominent Eastern Family a Suicide.”
Above this heading, after the custom of
that particular paper, was another Hading
in very small type, being the quotation:
“ One More Unfortunate."

   It was just as well that 1 had about fin-
ished my meal, for now I was past eating.
The thing stupefied me. left me blankly
dazed; and to think that I had carried this
paper with me all the way from Santa Bar-
bara!

  I plunged into the story, eager and hor-
rified. There seemed to be no mystery at
all in the affair, so far as the newspaper
was concerned, except that there was no
mention of Balliol having any money. He
had merely plugged up his room and turned
on the gas; this he had done shortly before
midnight. An hour later the thing had
been discovered and the story had broken
in time for the newspaper to cover it fully
in the last edition.

  Friends of Balliol had volunteered that
he had left a sister, whose whereabouts were
totally unknown, and an uncle in Boston.
Balliol’s father had been a prominent Bos-
ton lawyer, who had died some years pre-
viously, leaving his family absolutely noth-
ing. Balliol himself had made a little
money after leaving college, and some years
before had gone on a ranch in the northern
part of the State. There he had struggled
along, fighting a losing game against the
lean wolf, poverty, and so forth. In des-
peration he had come to Los Angeles, had
tried to sell his ranch, and had committed
suicide. The story was played up abso-
lutely as that of a man weary of striving
against the world, and had evidently been
obtained from friends of Balliol.

  For that very reason it left me dazed
and bewildered! Four months previously.
John Balliol had bought a five-thousand-
dollar car—a fact of which the newspaper
was ignorant. That did not look like the
grim wolf stuff. He had expressly told me

that the car “ cost him ” that amount—not
that it had been presented to him.

  Of course he had wanted money very
badly on those two days when I had seen
him. But he had got the money: so why
the deuce had he killed himself? The
paper stated that his hotel bill in Los An-
geles. where he had been stopping five days,
had been unpaid, and that his personal ef-
fects amounted to nil. What the deuce
had he done with my eleven thousand dol-
lars, then? The thing began to look queer.

  Investigating more thoroughly, I discov-
ered that Balliol had been known at the
bank which had identified him for me: but
that he had no account there. One of the
bank officers had known him at college.
That was all. Nothing was known about
his having sold anything to Yorke Des-
mond ; my checks had not been found upon
him. and neither had my money. By the
time this information came out, the paper
would hardly consider it worth reviving the
affair. Balliol had killed himself, the pres-
ent article made a plausible story, and noth-
ing else mattered. He had certainly “ gone
west ” of his own volition and act, and mo-
tives were unimportant.

  Yet / knew that he had not killed him-
self because of poverty! The man had
been afraid of something—that was it! As
f sat there and stared at the paper, I felt
absolutely convinced that, if the truth were
known, John Balliol had killed himself to
escape from something that had made him
a nervous, fear-filled wreck! What had
happened last night to make him plunge
over the brink?

  Realizing of a sudden that I was out-
staying the noon hour and my welcome, I
paid the waitress and asked to use a tele-
phone. By dint of paying the fee in ad-
vance, I got Los Angeles by long distance,
and presently was speaking with the cashier
of my bank.

  " Yorke Desmond speaking,” I informed
him. " I’m at Faso Robles and going north
to that ranch I bought. Just saw the paper
about Balliol. Did he cash my checks?”

  “ No. Mr. Desmond.” returned the
cashier. “ If they are presented, we’ll take
every step to verify the indorsements, of
course. It seems to be quite a mystery.”
THE HOUSE OF SKULLS.

245

   “ All right, thanks. Address me at Lake-
 port in case of need.”

   1 rang off and left the place, stuffing the
 newspaper into my pockct. One thing was
 certain: the reporter had goti the wrong
 steer from Balliol's friends! Balliol had
 not killed himself because of poverty—not
 in the least. Why, he had told me that he
 had furnished his ranch-house with all elec-
 tric appliances and the best furniture he
 could get in San Francisco! Xo; his grim
 struggle had been one fine little myth. But
 it had satisfied the press, and had evidently
 been meant to satisfy the press—why? To
 keep the real truth concealed, of course.
 His friends were shielding him.

   It was none of my business, but I could
 not help checking up on my private convic-
 tions. First, John Balliol had been afraid
 of something—either something in his past,
 such as disgrace which was hounding him.
 or something tangible and terrible in his
 present. Second, this fact was known to
 those in most intimate touch with him. and
 was being kept quiet.

   Thinking thus, and bein'' more or less
 absorbed in my trend of thought, I came
 back to the main street and my bright-hued
 car. A crowd of natives were standing
 about in admiring comment, which tended
 to make me want to get away from there.
 1 jumped in and released the brake, pressed
 the starter, and was off. Regardless of
 warning signs. I went through town on
 second at a pretty good clip, then eased
 down into third and hit for San Francisco
 at an even thirty.

   " Damn the whole affair!” I said aloud.
 “ What if those checks were stolen from
 him last night—”

   As the words left my lips, I heard a sub-
 dued gasp, then an exclamation. It came
 from the rear section of my car! I flung
 one startled glance over my shoulder, then
 I switched off the mag and put on the
 brakes. As we came to a halt, I half turned
 in my seat and stared blankly at the young
 lady and the suit-case.

   She was staring at me just as blankly—
 more so, in far!; she seemed undeniably
 frightened. She had the suit-case on the
 short, rear seat beside her. and it was a
 very good suit-case, of expensive make.

  “ Who—who—what are you doing in
this car?” she stammered, anger creeping
into her voice.

   1 was up against it, somehow; just how,
I was not at all sure. She seemed perfectly
sane, and I liked her voice immensely. I
liked her face, too. It was a healthy, sen-
sible sort of face, and it was exquisite into
the bargain. She was dressed in a traveling
.suit which spelled something better than
California tailoring.

  “ Who are you?” she demanded, half
startled and half angry. “ Answer me!
What are you doing with this car?”

   " Driving it, madam,” I answered. “ I
—er—I trust you don’t mind?”

   She stared at me again. I removed the
big. yellow goggles, pushed up my cap, and
threw open my duster.

  “ Xow." I said comfortably, we’re on
an even basis. Sincc you wear gloves, I
presume you are not a Californian—proba-
bly a mere Californiac. I hope you won’t
think me offensive when I say that this is
literally a charming surprise! Probably
there’s been a mistake somewhere. I don’t
see possibly how I can have got into the
wrong car— ”

   “ Stop that nonsense!” she cried out; and
I observed that she had very blue eyes, and
remarkably pretty eyes. " Drive this car
back instantly!”

  “ Back—where?” I inquired. “ Rack—”
Have you stolen this car?” she flung
at me as if she really thought I had.

  " Xo,” 1 said, and laughed. “ Xo,
madam. This car is protected from theft
by reason of its color. No thief would at-
tack it! The car belongs to me, it really
does,” I went on, for her appearance of
fright sobered me. “ If you doubt it, look
at the prescribed card here by the dash,
which was legally affixed before I left Los
Angeles. It bears my name and the car’s
number—”

   “ Do you dare pretend that you are John
Balliol?” she flashed out scornfully.

   “ Heaven forbid!” I said gravely. “ Bal-
liol’s dead. T bought the car, madam, day
before yesterday. Only an hour ago I saw
in the paper an account of his death—”

   I cursed the impulsive words. For she
stared at me, her eyes slowly widening in
246

ALL-STORY WEEKLY

horror, the color ebbing out of her face:
then she collapsed in a dead faint.

CHAPTER III.

I RECEIVE A WARN INC..

I HAD never had a fainting lady on my
hands before, except once when Mrs.
Wanderhoof, of Peoria, saw the Fifth
Avenue apartment 1 had decorated for her.
and looked at the bill. In that instance,
Mr. Wanderhoof had assumed charge. But
in this instance—

  We were out of sight of Paso Robles, and
there was not a soul nor a house in view.
There was no water to throw on the girl’s
face—she was no more than a girl, I judged
—and the radiator water was apt to be
dirty. So, not knowing what else to do,
I swung over into the rear seat beside her
and set her slim, drooping body upright
against the cushions. As I did so, I was
relieved to see her blue eyes flutter open.

  Then I remembered a flask of whisky in
the door-pocket, and produced it. I got the
screw-cup to her lips, but at the first taste
she pushed it away.

  “ Thank you,” she said in a low voice.
“ I—I am very well now."

  She seemed unable to take her eyes from
me: the color slowly crept back into her
cheeks, but in her eyes 1 read a bewildered
fear.

  Then she said something strange:

‘‘You said—they killed Jack after all!"

  I was puzzled. Jack! Oh. she must
mean John Balliol. The poor girl—I must
have given her a stiff jolt!

  “ No,” I said gently. “ No one killed
Balliol, madam. 1 have the paper here
with an account of it; it was suicide. May
I ask if you are a friend of his?”

  She seemed to shudder slightly, and drew
a long breath.

  “ Yes. I am a—a friend.” she said in
a low voice, and flushed. I had the uneasy
conviction that she was lying to me.
“ Your words were—a shock. I saw him
only last night, before my train left—or,
rather, yesterday afternoon.

  “ When this car passed the train this
morning I felt that it was he: I knew we

were ahead at Paso Robles, so I left the
train and waited—and I saw the car and
got in. When you came along, I thought it
was Jack—and meant to surprise him—and
when you spoke 1 discovered—”

  She broke off, the words failing her.
That told me the whole story, of course.
Even from the train she had not been able
to mistake this accursed car!

  “ But,” I objected gently, “ you must
have known that Balliol could not be ahead
of you if you saw him just before your train
left—”

  *• But it was only six last night when I
saw him! And my train did not leave until
nearly midnight—there's been a wreck
somewhere, and the trains were all held up.
It never occurred to me that he was not in
the car—”

  She broke off again, staring at me.

  “ My name is Yorke Desmond,” I said,
trying to make matters smooth. To my
dismay, I saw her eyes widen again with
that same startled expression. I could
have sworn that she had heard my name
before.

  “ I met Mr. Balliol two days since, on
business. I bought a ranch from him, in
fact, and bought this car to boot. I’m on
my way up to the ranch now. If, as I pre-
sume, you were cn route to San Francisco,
I shall be very glad to place the car at
your disposal.”

  She looked away from me, looked at the
horizon with a fixed, despairing gaze. My
dismay became acute when I perceived that
she was going to cry. And she did.

  “ Oh!” She flung up her hands to her
face suddenly. " Oh—and to think that
it took place last night—right afterward!
And now it’s too late—”

  A spasm of sobbing shook her body. Not
knowing what else to do, and feeling that I
had been a blundering ass. I went for a
walk and let her cry it out. All my mar-
ried friends tell me that crying it out is the
only solution.

  As I paced down the roadside, I found
myself extremely puzzled, even suspicious.
She had admitted to me that she had seen
Balliol the previous evening. But first,
when she had not been on guard at all,
she had cried out: “ They killed Jack
THE HOUSE OF SKULLS.

247

after all!” LTpon hearing that Balliol was
dead, she had immediately taken for grant-
ed that “they” had killed him! Things
looked rather badly.

  The initials on her suit-case, which I had
seen, were M. j. B. Was she a Balliol?
No; she had said that she was a friend,
and had distinctly said “ friend.” no!
“ relative.” And she had been lying about
it, somehow; a minute later she had lied
when she told of seeing Balliol the pre-
vious night. For her train had nol been
late! It had left T.os Angeles a little be-
fore midnight, on regular schedule. " Regu-
lar as clockwork,” had said the garage-
man as the train had passed us. T remem-
bered that incident now.

  This girl must have known Balliol pretty
well. She had seen him last night, and he
had gone from her to his suicide. And. by
Heaven, she knew it! She was lying!

  Well, this conclusion gave me quite a
jolt, to be frank. That girl did not look
like an ordinary liar, and she did not lie
with practised ease. Why should she de-
liberately set out to deceive me? 1 could
not see any light whatever. And the mys-
terious “ they ” whom she took to be Bal-
liol's murderers!

  The whole affair was strictly none of my
business. As I walked back to the car, I
took out my pipe and filled it. This girl
was in trouble, and my best course was to
mind my own affairs and ask no questions.

  When 1 had regained the car. I found
that the girl had composed herself and was
now staring at the horizon again—a poor,
crumpled bit of exquisite femininity. I re-
moved my cap and addressed her.

  “ Madam, it seems that there has been a
mistake somewhere. T’lease consider me at
your service in any way possible! If you
want to get to Frisco. we can reach there
to-night, 1 believe.”

  Her gaze came to me for a moment, and
she drew a deep breath.

  “ Thank you, Mr. Desmond,” she said
quietly. But she did not give me her
name. “ Jack told me of selling his ranch
to you, but did not mention the car. That
was how my mistake came lo be made."

  Her lips quivered, and she looked down.
Then she forced herself into calm again.

  " If—if it would not be asking too much,
will you take me on lo San Francisco with
you?” she pursued. “ I’m very sorry in-
deed to have made this terrible blunder.”

  •' It will be entirely my pleasure, mad-
am," 1 returned rather pointedly. But she
did not take the hint, and obviously intend-
ed to keep her identity to herself. So I
got into the car, and, as I did so, removed
the paper from my pocket.

  “ Here is the newspaper in question,” I
added, handing it to her.

  She took it in silence and leaned back
again.

  i started the car, and we went on.

  For the remainder of the afternoon the
two of us exchanged scarcely a word. Once
or Iwice 1 attempted to divert her thoughts
by comments upon the road or the coun-
try. but she discouraged my efforts quite
visibly. 1 was too occupied with the road,
which again alternated good with bad, to
let my mind dwell upon the mystery of the
girl.

  We made time, however. I took the
chance of speed-cops, and let out the
I’aragon on the good stretches. To my
satisfaction, we got into Salinas a trifle
before seven o’clock, with fine boulevard
all the rest of the way to San Francisco.

  “ We have about a hundred and twenty
miles ahead,” I remarked to my compan-
ion as we rolled into Salinas. l'1 We had
better get a bit to eat here, for we can’t
make Frisco before ten or eleven o’clock. I
imagine you had no luncheon,” I added
hastily, seeing a refusal in her eye, “ so I
must really insist that you eat something.”

  She had been crying again, but assented
composedly to my request. We located a
Greek restaurant, and went in together.
After a cup of execrable coffee and some
alleged food, we felt better.

   " Xow for the last lap!” 1 said cheerful-
ly as we came out again to the car. “ I
haven't much faith in the speed-cop myth,
so we'll let her out while the going’s good.
All set?”

  " Yes, thank you,” she responded, set-
tling herself in the rear.

   We started north, and the I’aragon flitted
along like a bat out of purgatory. She
was a sweet boat for speed. When it got
248

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

gloomy I threw on the headlights and the
big spotlight which formed a part of her
equipment, and we zoomed past the Cali-
fornia landscape in the finest fashion
imaginable. These vast stretches of coun-
try were entirely different from the driving
around New York, and I liked the change
immensely; it was intoxicating!

  Then we came to the extraterritorial
suburbs of San Francisco, after getting
through San Jose and Palo Alto and safely
past the military camp. 1 am not at all
certain where the spot was, but I know
the Paragon was hitting a pretty good clip
when into the zone of light beside and
ahead of us flashed a man on a motor-
cycle. He passed us like a flicker, then he
slowed down and extended his hand.

  “ Good night!” I remarked, with sinking
heart. “ There was a basis for the myth
after all!”

  When we were halted, the motorcycle
planted itself at my elbow, and the officer
took out his pencil and pad.

  “ Know how fast you were going?’’ he
inquired.

  “ I’m afraid to guess,” I said meekly.
“ Your word’s good, officer.”

  “ I made it fifty-eight,” he observed.
“ Also, there’s a headlight-law in this State,
and you’ve got a blaze of lights there that
would blind a shooting star. And your
tail-light is on the bum. That’s three
counts. You seem to be sober."

  “Thank Heaven. 1 am!” I returned.
“ Anything else?”

  He grinned, and took down more infor-
mation about me than would have filled a
passport. Then he gave me a slip and
told me to report to a certain San Francisco
judge at ten in the morning.

  “ Isn’t there any way out of the delay?”
I queried. “ I’m trying to get north in a
hurry.”

  “ So I judged,” he retorted. “ Too much
of a hurry. Well, 1 must say you’ve took
it like a gent— Tell you what! Run
along with me, and we’ll drop in on a jus-
tice of the peace. This is a first offense,
so you can give bail—and forget it. See?
Of course, we’re not supposed to give this
info, but—”

  “ But you're a gentleman.” I added,

“ and I’ll make it right with you. If you
can fix that tail-light of mine, I’d appre-
ciate it!”

  “ Jolted out o’ contact, I guess,’’ he said
a moment later. “Go ahead!”

  Half an hour later we were once more on
our way, with full instructions as to the
proper rate of speed; and I was minus fifty-
five iron men, and lucky to get off that
cheaply. But the whole thing had delayed
us so that it was hard on midnight when
we saw the gay white way of Van Ness
Avenue off to our left. I halted the car
and turned around.

  “ Asleep, comrade? No? Well, if you’ll
be good enough to give me orders, I’ll take
you wherever you’re going.”

  M. J. B. gave me the name of a hotel
on Sutter Street where she was known fa-
vorably, it seemed, and instructed me to
drive up Van Ness. She appeared quite at
home in the city. I followed her instruc-
tions, and ten minutes later drew up before
the doorway of a quiet family hotel. I
helped her out of the car with her suit-
case, but she refused to let me take it inside
for her. She held out her hand.

  “ Thank you, Mr. Desmond, for your
kindness,” she said earnestly. “ And—I’ve
been trying to think over what’s right to do.
Would you take some very serious advice
from me?”

  “ I’d take anything from you,’’ I said,
smiling. “Shoot!”

  “ I am not joking, Mr. Desmond,” she
made grave response. “ Please, please do
not go on to the ranch! I can’t give you
any reasons; but I mean it deeply. For
your own sake, do not go on to the ranch!
Not until the end of the month at least.
Good-by!”

  She picked up her suit-case and was
gone, leaving me staring after her.

CHAPTER IY.

I HEAR A BL LLKT.

OIT of sheer decency, I had to seek
another hotel, naturally. I did not
pay much attention to M. J. B.’s
warning. At midnight, after a tremendous-
ly hard day’s ride in a car, after a stiff
THE HOUSE OF SKULLS.

249

shock and a fainting-spell, the girl would be
in pretty bad nervous condition. 1 took
for granted that she was overwrought, and
let it go at that.

  As I wanted to reach Lakeport the next
night, and had a plenitude of bad roads
ahead, I was up and off at seven the fol-
lowing morning. Ferrying over to Sausa-
lito delayed me, and before getting to San
Rafael I was off on a detour which took me
around nearly to Petaluma. The road was
fair, but outside Petaluma I picked up a
tenpenny-nail held upright by a scrap of
wood, and it took one of my cord tires in a
jiffy. Fixing that held me up a little
while.

  I got to Santa Rosa in time for an early
luncheon, and discovered that I was going
to make Lakeport in the afternoon, barring
accidents. This was good news. I also
discovered that the last place I could get
any liquid refreshment was at the famous
tavern kept by one McCray, on ahead.
So, about one o’clock. I drew up before the
wide-spreading place, in the shade of the
immense oaks that shade the tavern-
grounds, and went in to get a long, slim
drink.

  In view of the after-developments of that
same day, it might be well to set down that
I had one drink, and one only. Upon re-
turning to my car, I came to an abrupt
halt in some astonishment. A young man
was standing by the off rear wheel, and he
was not observing me at all. He was well
dressed, but rather swarthy in complexion:
this country was full of Italian. French,
and Swiss grape specialists, as I had learned
coming north, so there was no stating the
antecedents of the young man. What in-
terested me, and seemed to be absorbing
him, was the fact that he had a knife in
his hand and was industriously pecking
away at one of my rear tires!

  At times I yield to impulse, and this was
one of the times. I reached that young man
in two jumps and banged him solidly into
the car, then jerked him upright and plant-
ed my fist rudely against his nose, allowing
him to sprawl in the dust.

  He picked himself up and went away in
a hurry, swearing as he went.

  “Of all the infernal deviltry!" 1 ex-

claimed as he vanished among the trees.
“ That fellow certainly had his nerve—”

   1 was relieved to find that he had effected
no damage, beyond a hole in the casing
that had not yet reached the breaker strip.
Taking for granted that he had had a drop
to much. I climbed into the car and de-
parted.

  Within no long time I had reached the
village of Hopland. my destination on the
highway. From here a toll-road ran over
the hills to Lakeport, and I turned off with-
out pause in the village, thankful that the
end of my trip was in sight—as I thought.

  That road was a brute—thick with dust,
barely wide enough for two cars to pass,
and with crumbly edges and a sheer drop
at that, and a steep up-grade for five solid
miles! In places it was a very beautiful
road, winding up between forested growths
of redwoods and giant conifers. As I
nursed the Paragon up that road at fifteen
miles an hour I had plenty of time for re-
flection.

  Back to questions again. Out of the
general muddle these had resolved them-
selves into certain distinct and coherent
queries; and they fell under two heads:

  John Balliol: r. Whom had he been
afraid of. and why? Unknown. 2. What
had brought him to suicide? Not poverty,
certainly. 3. What had he done with my
checks? When they were cashed I would
know. 4. Why had he needed the money
by a certain night—the night he was to
meet M. J. B.. the night he killed himself?
Unknown.

  M. J. R., the Fair Unknown: 1. What
was her connection with Balliol? Mystery.
2. Did his suicide hinge on his meeting
with her? Problematical. 3. She had said:
“They killed him!” Were “they” mi-
crobes or gunmen? Unknowable. 4. Why
her warning against my going to the ranch?

  My answer to that final query was:
“ Because she liked me!” It w'as a satisfac-
tory answer, too. It made me glow hap-
pily. I had always been a sedate bachelor,
but I must say that M. J. B. was the most
attractive girl I had ever met, and to find
her interested in me was. to say the least,
very pleasing.

   My only regret was that I had left her in
250

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

San Francisco. I thought of going back to
the city as soon as I had inspected my
ranch—

  Just then I observed that my radiator
was boiling, what with the grade and the
hot sun: and ahead of me was a spring
beside the road, with a turn-out. 1 halted
the car at the turn-out. baled cold water
into the radiator with a rusty tin can, and
sat down to smoke and let my engine cool
off. It was a coo! and pleasant spot, under
lofty pines.

  I was just knocking out my pipe when
I heard voices and the creaking of a ve-
hicle. Around the sharp bend ahead came
a horse and buggy, the latter occupied by
three men. All three carried rifles and
knives, and beneath the buggy trotted a
big hound. They nodded to me and drove
to the spring, letting the horse have a
mouthful. Obviously, they were natives.

  “ Good afternoon,” I returned their
greetings. “ Why the artillery? Sheriff’s
posse?”

  They grinned and laughed.

  “ Deer season opened yesterday,” one of
them replied. " Thought you’d come up
from the city for the same reason.”

  •' Xot I,” was my answer. “ Plenty of
deer around here?”

  “ That’s what they say—but there ain’t
none when we want to get ’em. Most of
the folks in Lakeport are out, from the
Chink laundryman to the sheriff.”

  They drove on down the trail, but as
they went 1 could see that they were look-
ing back and making observations—proba-
bly on my car. Until they passed out of
sight at the next curve they were still star-
ing backward and discussing something:
either me or the car. I took for granted
that it was the car, and it was.

  The deer season did not interest me par-
ticularly, because 1 have no taste for hunt-
ing. Cursing the foot-thick dust in the
road, 1 got into the car and went on.

  At last, to my deep relic i. I attained the
summit of the divide, where the toll-gate
was located. I paid my dollar fifty and
had a magnificent view of Clear Lake in
the distance amid the hills, then started
downward. The descent was steep enough
and winding, but three miles of it brought

me to the floor of the valley, in a region
of jackpine and brush and hogbacks.

  And, as 1 turned a quick curve, there
before me in the road stood two deer—
does. For the fraction of an instant they
gazed at me, then they flung away. Like
brown streaks they went over the nearest
hill and were gone. Instinctively 1 halted
the car, gazing after the graceful creatures.
A moment later I shoved my foot toward
the starter, but 1 was still staring at the
hillside: instead of touching the starter, my
fool touched the accelerator—and touched
it with a particular pet corn. I smothered
an oath and leaned far forward to clutch
my aching toe, for the stab of pain was
acute. And, as I leaned over thus, a bullet
came exactly where I had been sitting, at
about the height my head had been.

  I know it was a bullet, because I heard
it and because the effect was terrific. It
plumped through the rear of the top, on
one side; it passed above me, and its shrill
song was lost in a rattling smash of glass
as it took the top half of my wind-shield
into slivers. Then came the crack of a rifle
to prove that it was a bullet.

  If I had not happened to lean over, and
to lean over pretty far, that bullet would
have finished me—sure!

  My first instinct was to start the car and
get away; then I checked the impulse and
slid out to terra firma. Some one not very
far off was shooting recklessly, and it made
me angry.

  Hopping out in the road, I stared around.
Naturally, I saw nobody. If any hunter
had mistaken that maroon top for a deer,
he was not advertising his mistake to me.

  “ Shove fer home, Balliol! ” cried out a
rough voice. “ Shove quick, or he’ll give
ye a closer one!”

  The voice came from somewhere behind
and to the left of the car. Bailiol! I was
being mistaken for Balliol—and there was
no mistake being made!

  As this astounding fact percolated to my
brain, I wasted no time asking questions,
but climbed into the car, started her up,
and rolled away from there in a hurry.
Balliol! Who in the name of goodness
was trying to assassinate John Balliol?

  In that rough voice from the hillside
THE HOUSE OF SKULLS.

251

had been a deadly earnestness which had
impelled me to flight; it brought home to
me in a flash that I was up against some-
thing serious. Under the blue sky. under
the hot August sunlight, the thing was ex-
tremely matter of fact. I thought again
of the young man who had been jabbing
my tire, and of the warning administered
by M. J. B. The sequence was pretty
plain!

  Absurd as it seemed, this land-cruise of
mine was actually taking me into perilous
waters.

  It was the fault of the car, of course;
people thought that Balliol was driving it.
As I rattled across a bridge and entered
upon excellent dirt roads, the realization
cheered me immensely. Balliol had admit-
ted that he had gotten into trouble up here
of a private nature. Well, the minute his
enemies discovered that I was not John
Balliol, but Yorke Desmond. I would be
left alone! Yet why. in such case, had the
girl warned me? I gave it up.

  With a suddenness for which I was un-
prepared, Lakeport jumped into my imme-
diate foreground. I had anticipated a
county seat of some importance, but 1
found it a village struggling along the lake-
shore, with a single main street and out-
lying residences. The valley had been set-
tled by Missourians back in the fifties—
and they were still here.

  Presently I descried a charming square
and court-house, with a fine new Carnegie
Library down by the lal^e front. Except
for a couple of docks and some moored
launches and houseboats, the lake front
consisted of reed-beds and was not beauti-
ful. But the lake itself, with the moun-
tains opposite, was magnificent!

  Volcanic action had done its work well
in this place, and it was the sweetest spot
I had seen in California. Once the town
was wakened from its sleepy repose, it
would be a second Geneva.

  As the deed to my ranch had been sent
on here for recording, I drove direct to the
court-house, left the car, and walked up to
the county recorder’s office on the right of
the main building. There I found every-
thing in order and awaiting me. I inquired
for the sheriff, meaning to set him on the

trail of my near-assassin, but found that he
was hunting deer. So was every one else
in town who could get away, even as my
hunter-informants had stated.

  I walked half a block to the bank, with
whom my Los Angeles bank had cor-
responded. The bank was closed, for it
was after four o’clock, but 1 telephoned
and obtained admission. I presented my
credentials to the banker, an extremely cor-
dial chap. and asked directions to my prop-
erty. He showed me exactly where my
ranch lay and outlined the road.

  “ Tell me one thing confidentially,” I
inquired; “do you know why Balliol left
here? Do you know anything against that
property—any reason why 1 shouldn’t have
bought it?”

   '■ Certainly not! ’’ he answered with evi-
dent surprise. “ Balliol left because of his
health, I believe, and for no other reason.
The property is absolutely good, and a
give-away at the price, Mr. Desmond!
You got a good thing.”

  He was in earnest, beyond a question.
But as I sought the street again I found
myself wishing that he had phrased it in
some other fashion than “ because of his
health.”

   After my late experiences, it had an omi-
nous sound!

CHAPTER V.

1 DISCOVER SKULLS.

I STOPPED at the hotel that night and
the next morning departed to my ranch.
It lay about twenty miles from town,
by road, as I had to get around Mount
Kenocti to reach it. By water it would be
much closer. The ranch lay at the edge
of the lake, and Balliol had done his
clearing with the eye of an artist. The
house itself was built of rough-hewn timber
and cement, and was admirably situated at
the edge of a small bluff over the water;
about it stood gigantic white oaks, while
the orchards ran back on the other side of
the road.

  Although I had half expected more ex-
citement on my trip. I met with nothing
untoward.
252

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  In Lakeport I had loaded up with
camping supplies, a bit of forethought
which came in handy. As I ran down the
side road to the house and opened up the
gates I was filled with delighted anticipa-
tion; with half an eye I could see that the
place was a gem of beauty! The gates
open, I ran the car inside, then shut the
gates again. I was in my own domain at
last.

  Fortunately, I had telephoned the elec-
trical people on the previous afternoon, so
that I found the electricity turned on—the
place was on the power-line, which in Cali-
fornia gives right to the juice, whether it
be in a desert or a mountain canon.

  Of course, one expects to get something
for ten thousand cash: but as I opened up
the house and saw what things were like,
I was astounded.

  Balliol must have laughed in his sleeve
at finding me to be an interior decorator.
The place was furnished—and literally
crammcd—with things which, in New
York, would have been beyond price. They
had come over with the Missourians in
prairie schooners, and Balliol had bought
them at various farms for a song.

  There were two rosewood pianos, one an
importation from Holland: several ancient
clocks, with original glass, in running
order; the chairs were fiddlebacks of
crotch-mahogany: there were .two satin-
wood cabinets, genuine Sheratons. \nd
the beds! Each of the two bedrooms was
furnished complete in walnut: not the burl
walnut of late Victorian days, but the old
carved French walnut of the earliest pe-
riod. All in all, that furniture was a delight
to the heart.

  On the more practical side, the place was
ready for use, from the bedding to the
electric stove in the kitchen. By the time
I had investigated everything and opened
up the house, the morning was nearly gone,
and it was about eleven o'clock when I
descended the short path that ran down the
bluff to the lakeside. Here was a boat-
house, with a short dock beside it; when I
had gained access to the boat-house by
means of Balliol’s keys. I found a launch
of small size but sturdy construction, and
a fine Morris canoe. Fishing-tackle strung

the walls, and in one corner was a drum
half filled with gasoline.

  I took out my pipe and sat down in the
launch. Not only was everything here
which Balliol had described, but more—
much more. To think of what I had
dropped into astounded me. It was much
too good to be true!

  The acres of fruit-trees, which must be
worth a good sum as income property,
could no doubt be rented to neighbor ranch-
ers. I resolved to see about it at once.
All 1 wanted was this house and what was
in it—no gentleman’s ranch for mine, but
a gentleman’s country home.

  My ideas had changed since seeing the
place. Brought face to face with pear and
walnut trees, as it were. I lost enthusiasm;
fishing, tinkering with old furniture, and
painting suited my lazy inclination a good
deal better.

  '• I'll get something to eat,” I said,
knocking out my pipe into the water,
“ then I’ll try out the launch and visit the
neighbors, and see about renting the
orchard. It has a crop on right now, so it
ought to be a good thing.”

  I trudged back up the path, and when
I reachcd the house 1 noticed a curious
thing. The foundations were of cement,
and a low cement wall-foundation ran the
full length cf the front veranda. There
were a number of curious projections from
that cement, and when 1 came up to the
wall and examined them I found that they
were human skulls!

  The gruesome find rather staggered me.
They were real skulls, set in the cement
wall so as to project three or four inches,
and they were in good condition. I am
not superstitious, and 1 had no objections
to this scheme of decorations on personal
grounds: but it struck me that Balliol had
carried his search for novelty just a bit too
far.

  ■' It’s only a step from beaux arts to
bizarre,” I reflected. " and my friend Bal-
liol seems to have taken the step. Where
did he get ’em. 1 wonder? Two—four—
six—an even half-dozen! Wonder if he
put any more inside? I didn’t notice
them—”

  I hastened inside the house, my thoughts
TIIE HOUSE

OF SKULLS.

253

on the big hearth and chimney of cobbles:
but I confess that to my relief I found it
was quite lacking in further remains. All
the skulls were outside.

   With that, 1 paid little more attention to
the matter, practically dismissing it from
my mind-—and for excellent reasons. I
passed out on the veranda, meaning tu go
around to the car at the side of the house,
and get my provisions: but at the first step
I came to a dead halt, with a cold chill at
my throat.

  Upon the cement floor of the veranda
were wet tracks: they began at the door
and ended abruptly in the middle of the
floor.

  Yet the veranda was empty.

  Those were not the tracks of a man.
Something in their very appearance sent
queer horror rippling through me, sent my
gaze quickly over my shoulder at the empty
house.

  I had been gone not twenty minutes;
these tracks were still wet, and whatever
had made them must have come from the
lake while T was down there.

   Undeniably shaken by the mystery of it,
1 rushed back through the house to the back
door. Absolutely nothing was in sight; I
ran around the house, past the car, and saw
nothing.

   At the edge of the bluff I could see the
shore-line below—and it was deserted.

  I came back to the veranda and stared
again at those tracks, now fast drying.
They frightened me; there was something
about them vaguely unnatural! And never
in my life had I seen anything like them.
Of course, I had opened the wide veranda
windows, and a bird might have walked in,
then flown out and away—

  But, a bird of this size? A bird from
the lake? There was no other water, ex-
cept in the well behind the house, from
which the house itself was supplied by an
electric motor.

  And were those the tracks of any bird
alive? I doubted it. The size was im-
mense; the shape was that of a small cen-
tral foot, with four immense toes—and be-
yond these the marks of long claws, unless I
were mistaken!

  What was the thing—monster or halluci-

nation? I tried to argue that I was self-
deceived, and I failed miserably. There
were the wet prints on the cement before
my eyes, slowly drying away! They could
not have been made more than a few mo-
ments before I returned from the boat-
house.

  I felt suddenly prickly cold and very
uncomfortable, and turned into the house.
To go ahead with luncheon was, for the
moment, impossible. I went into the
living-room, and, as 1 passed one of the
two pianos, I suddenly descried a book
lying open upon it.

  I paused to glance at the book; to my
astonishment I saw upon the printed page
a cut of the exact print which I had seen on
the veranda. Beneath the illustration was
the legend:

   Fossil imprint of Pterodactyl, Marsh Collection,
Vale College.

  The realization smote me like a blow, as
I leaned over the book and read. Balliol
nad left that book open here, of course!
Balliol had seen the same prints—or had
he seen the thing itself? Had he seen the
living actual pterodactyl, the creature that
had become extinct when the world began,
the flying dragon of myth and legend? He
had seen the tracks, at any rate, just as I
had seen them.

  This proved that I was under no delu-
sion about those prints. But—was the
thing credible? It was not. The bowl of
this lake was an ancient volcano, the whole
valley was of volcanic creation; mineral
springs abounded: a few miles distant were
quicksilver-mines; the water in my own
well was mineralized. Now, I had read
stories about prehistoric monsters coming
back to the world via extinct volcanoes and
bottomless lakes, and so forth—stories, that
is. which were purely fiction. Had such a
thing really come about here in Lake Coun-
ty. California, upon my own ranch?

  " Xot by a damn sight!” I exclaimed,
throwing the book across the room. “ Bal-
liol was frightfully nervous; I’m not. He
may have been frightened out of here by
his imagination—but I’m going to be
shown!"

  Then and there I dismissed the unnatural
254

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

fears which had shaken me. If the creature
existed, I would shoot it: if the whole affair
were one of those queer mental quirks
which come to all men, if the prints were
caused by some natural agency not s>±Jhc
moment obvious to my deduction, well and
good.

  I went around to the car and hauled in
my provisions. The electricity was on in
the house, and I got the electric range
working and managed lo make myself a
fairly decent meal. At times 1 found my-
self desirous of casting quick glances over
my shoulder, at windows or doors, but I
repressed it firmly. I was not going to get
into Balliol’s condition if I could help it.

  Lunch over, I dragged a rocker lo the
veranda and enjoyed a .smoke, with the
beauties of the lake outspread before me.
By reason of a deep inundation of the lake-
shore, the bluff on which my house was
built faced almost due east; opposite me,
across the bight, I saw the roofs of a farm-
house, doubtless my nearest neighbor in
that direction.

  It occurred to me that if I wanted to
talk business, the noon hour would be an
excellent time lo do it.

  So I went down to the boat-house again,
opened up the water doors, and filled the
boat’s tank with gas. She was in good shape,
and almost with the first turn of the wheel
the spark caught. A moment later 1 was
chugging out into the lake, feeling intensely
pleased with myself, and I headed directly
down to my neighbor’s dock among the
tules or reeds.

  The neighbor himself I found sitting on
his front porch. He was a brawny, beard-
ed man of stolidly slow speech, Henry
Dawson by name. I introduced myself as
the new owner of Baliiol's ranch, and was
in turn introduced to Mrs. Dawson and two
strapping Dawson boys. They al! eyed me
with frank curiosity.

  I lost no time in setting forth my busi-
ness. Dawson, like all farmers, was content
to let me talk as long as I would. When I
cautiously broached the subject of renting
my land, however, he nodded his head in
slow assent.

   “ Ought to rent." he slated, as though he
thought just the opposite. “ Maybe. Don't

know as folks would want the house,
though.”

  " 1 want that myself,” 1 said. " What
1 want to rent is the fruit land. Could
you handle it?”

  At this direct assault, he hemmed and
hawed. He was a very decent chap, how-
ever, and when 1 made it clear that I was
not after extortionate rentals he came
around quickly. 1 could see that the house
had killed the place, for some reason.

  •’ Just what’s the matter with that
house?" i demanded, while he was making
up his mind about rental. “ Is it those
skulls in the front wall?”

   “ Blamed if I know,” he rejoined slowly.
“ Reckon it’s that, much as anything.
Gives folks a creepy feelin’.”

   •• Why didn't Balliol get along there?”
He gave me a slow stare. “ Get along?
Why. 1 guess lit got along all right. He
was kind o‘ queer in his ways, ye' might
say; but he got along right well, Mr.
Desmond.”

   ‘‘ Where on earth did he get those skulls,
though?”

  “ Dug ’em up right on the ground, I
heard. He done all the work himself on
that house, except what he hired done.
Guess it was an old Injun cemetery; there
was a heap of Injuns here in the old days.
Quite a bunch here yet. They sent ’em to
a reservation, but the poor devils got home-
sick and were ’lowed back. Right pros-
perous farmers, some of ’em, to-day. Well,
about that orchard, I reckon we can man-
age it if we settle on the right terms.”

  We settled, then and there, at terms
which were satisfactory to both of us.

CHAI’TKR VI.

1 I.UY A GUN.

1 \SKED Dawson about big birds, but he
1 said there was nothing larger than a
buzzard around the lake; and presently
1 went home again. The rest of the day
passed quietly, and after writing a few let-
ters, chiefly on business, I went to bed and
slept the sleep of the just.

   i was well satisfied with my new home,
and for the coming six months my partner
THE HOUSE

OF SKULLS.

255

in New York could run the decorating
business without my aid. so there was noth-
ing to worry me.

  The next morning I was up and ofi early,
this time in the canoe, and got in an hour’s
fishing before sunrise. Although it was
distinctly the wrong season for fish, I
trolled down along the shore off the reed-
beds, and picked up two fine bass, both
over three pounds.

  About sunrise I headed for home, well
content with results. I wanted to visit
Lakeport this morning, chiefly to see if
there was any news from my Los Angeles
bank about those checks. That Balliol had
struggled along in poverty on his ranch, as
the newspaper account had said, was quite
absurd; that he had died in poverty, with
eleven thousand dollars in his pocket, was
entirely nonsensical.

  Across the little bay from my place I
paused suddenly. I had already learned
from neighbor Dawson that Balliol had
obtained his skull-decoration from relics of
the red men, so their gruesomeness was re-
moved in some measure. But—that did
not explain what I now saw.

  As it chanced, I had found a pair of field-
glasses in a niche in the cobbled chimney,
and had brought them along. Now I
raised and focused on my house; rather, on
the front wall under the veranda, where the
skulls were located. To my uneasy sur-
prise, I found my eyesight corroborated.
The eyes of those six skulls were gleaming
and flaming with a brilliant crimson!

  Optical delusion? Not a bit of it. Re-
flections from the rising sun on the concrete
which filled the skulls to the bone-level?
Not a bit of it; such reflections would not
come in a scarlet flame from the eyes of
each and every skull. They were reflecting
the lurid sunrise squarely at me, of course;
but those hollow eye-sockets were filled
with red fire.

  I dropped the glasses, seized the paddle,
and spurted for home, savagely determined
to run down the uncanny hoodoo which had
settled on this house of mine. As I drew
nearer to my landing. I could see those red
skull-eyes flaming more and more distinct-
ly. There was no optical illusion what-
ever.

  Then I was in the boathouse beneath the
bluff, and of course the house was shut
from view. Making fast the canoe, I
paused to pick up a broken oar to serve as
club, then ran up the path. Puffing. I
gained the bluff in front of the house.

  "Confound it!” I exclaimed blankly.
“ Am I going off my head?”

  The crimson flame was gone from the
skull-eyes. There was not a sign of it.
In the sockets the white cement came close
to the surface, and there could be no mis-
take.

  I was completely taken aback by this
startling development.

  Of course, I told myself, there must be
an explanation. Perhaps the sand in the
cement was glassy, and at certain angles
reflected the sun—that would be plausible
in a single instance, but it would not do for
twelve eye-sockets. Whatever the explana-
tion might be. it was certainly beyond my
comprehension. Then, again, the color of
those eye-sockets had been a distinct blood
hue.

  As I stood there staring at the cement
wall, I jumped suddenly. From the kitch-
en of the house came a banging crash, and
I remembered a double boiler I had set out
on the stove. Some one—or something—
was in the kitchen, and had knocked it
over!

  Swearing under my breath, I leaped to
the veranda and ran through the house.
Now, I glanced at every room in my course,
and I can swear that the house was abso-
lutely empty. So was the kitchen when I
reached it. Yet by the stove, whence it
had obviously been knocked by some direct
agency, the double boiler lay on the floor,
a pool of water surging from it, and running
directly to the stove from the doorway—
but not back again--was a single line of
muddy tracks. They were the tracks of the
pterodactyl!

  I was staggered, right enough. A pre-
historic monster with a wing-spread of
twenty-five feet does not hide easily in a
bare kitchen; yet I looked around as if
expecting to see the brute before me. Then
I rushed to the windows. The yard was
absolutely empty. The monster might be
somewhere in the encircling trees: it might
256

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

have flown out and down to the lake while
I was coming through the hou.se: but, by
the gods, it had been here. Those muddy
tracks on the floor reassured me, certified
to my sanity and common sense.

  Hastening outside, 1 looked around. The
barn, which served as garage, was empty.
I could discover no hole about the house
where any such beast could hide. I flung
my club whirring amid the nearest trees,
and- strode back into the house.

  “Damn it!” I remarked as 1 set about
cooking my two fish. “ I'm going to get a
shotgun and settle this mystery. I don’t
believe in fictionists’ dreams coming true;
and as for this flying dragon, I’ll settle
him with buckshot if I get one crack at
him.”

  The red eyes of the skulls had paled
into insignificance before this mysterious
visitant, and I forgot the lesser matter for
the time being. That double boiler knocked
off the stove, and those muddy tracks, set-
tled the pterodactyl once and for ail as a
living creature, and I meant to go after
him. I only regretted that I must have
missed him by less than a minute.

  My second day in my new home was
beginning in a way to make me realize why
Balliol had come to Los Angeles with the
jumps riding him.

  An hour after these things happened 1
had closed up the house and was chugging
merrily away from the boat-house in my
launch. Navigation was no difficult prob-
lem here: I merely had to head straight up
the lake, which I did. The voyage was
monotonous, as are all launch trips in ordi-
nary craft, and as I throbbed along the
wind-ruffled water the memory of M. J. B.
recurred to me with a twinge of self-
irritation that I had not even her name.

  Why had she warned me? And who was
the dark-complected chap who had cut at
my tires back at McCray's Tavern? And
who had fired that shot at me? These
were perplexing problems, but M. J. B.
was more perplexing yet. I once again
pictured her face before my mental vision,
the trim sweetness of her, the capable man-
ner which she wore, the energetic woman-
hood that lay in her blue eyes—

  “ Hang it!” I exclaimed. " I'm getting

romantic—it won't do, Yorke Desmond!
You'll never see that girl again, so forget
her.’’

  Easier said than done. I was still think-
ing of her as 1 tied up to the dock at Lake-
port and walked up-town past the library
to the main street. And within five min-
utes I was thinking of her again.

  The telegraph-office was a dingy little
place, messages being received here by
phone. When I inquired for any wires,
the young lady in charge handed me an en-
velope. 1 found it to be a night-letter from
the cashier of my bank in Los Angeles. It
read as follows:

  Check for ten thousand, cashed yesterday First
National, Sun Francisco, returned here ihis after-
noon. Indorsements John Balliol, Martha J.
Balliol. Xo further developments suicide. Good
luck with ranch.

  The ulterior meaning of this message
gradually percolated through my brain, and
I wandered forth to a bench on the court-
house square and sank to rest.

  The check had been cashed the same
morning I left San Francisco, and it had
been cashed by Martha J. Balliol—no other
than my M. J. B.! Xo wonder she had
seemed to know my name, when she must
have borne in her pocket-book that check
of mine! Balliol had given it to her the
previous night, just before his suicide; so
much was evident.

  But— she had been Balliol’s sister, then!
Why had she not admitted her identity?
Perhaps she would have done so, I argued,
but for the news of her brother’s death.
After that, to find herself traveling in her
brother’s car, with the man who had bought
that car and the ranch to boot, must have
disconcerted her immensely at first. And
after telling me that she was a friend of
Balliol, she probably had lacked the nerve
to confess her white lie and give her real
name. Perhaps she had merely considered
it unnecessary.

  I felt relieved. Folly though it un-
doubtedly was, I had indulged a secret con-
viction that M. J. B. was Balliol's sweet-
heart; now she proved to be his sister, but
although this fact afforded great relief, it
none the less gave me new anxiety T have
THE HOUSE OF SKULLS.

257

always noticed that girls, especially very
charming and attractive girls like Martha
Balliol, are all too seldom free and heart-
whole. Somebody else always seems to get
acquainted with them first. That was one
reason that I was still a bachelor!

  But never had I met any one like Martha
Balliol. The more I thought about her,
the more I felt like a fool for having left
her in San Francisco as 1 had done. At
last, realizing that 1 had bungled every-
thing very sadly, and that it was now close
to noon and 1 was hungry, I got up and
sauntered toward the bank seeking informa-
tion. On the way, however, I passed a
hardware store, and bethought me of the
pterodactyl. There was an attractive dis-
play of guns in the window, so 1 entered
and besought the proprietor to sell me a
shotgun.

  “ Want a license, I s’pose?” he inquired
amiably. “ I’m the game warden here, y’
know. I dunno why you’re goin' after deer
with a shotgun—”

  “ I’m not,” 1 rejoined. “ I’m going after
pterodactyls, and there's no closed season
on them!"

  He rubbed his chin, and with a mystified
air agreed with me. “ Well, I reckon not.
Say, you the man just bought the Balliol
ranch?”

  “ Yes. Desmond is my name.”

  “ Stark’s mine. Glad to meet ye. Seen
any ghosts around there yet?”

  “ Ghosts?” 1 met his eye, and he
chuckled. “What do you mean?”

  “ Well, that place is built right close to
where the old Injun chiefs is buried, and
I hear tell they’s ghosts around there at
times.”

  “ Nothing doing,” I rejoined cheerfully.
“ Not so far, anyhow. Where’s the best
place to get a meal in town?”

  “ Well, ye might go several places, but
if I was you, I’d go up to Mrs. Sinjon’s,
back o’ the court-house.”

  He directed me, and leaving the shotgun
until after luncheon, I went to the boarding-
house back of the town square.

  Ghosts, eh? That was a new angle.
Had the natives played unpleasant jokes
upon John Balliol, because of his skull
decoration? No; the very notion was silly.

    6	A-S

Grave, stolid farmer folks like Dawson were
not given to such trivial foolishness. Be-
sides, Balliol’s affrighted nerves must have
come from months and years of fear, not
days or weeks. And jokes do not extend
over months and years.

  1 found the boarding-house simple and
thoroughly delightful, the cooking whole-
some, the company very mixed, ranging
from a stage driver to an itinerant preacher.

It was a warm noon, and conversation
flagged. I was just finishing my meal,
when, in the intermittent and broken-off
speech of farming men, two workmen at
the other end of the table spoke.

  •• Heard young Balliol’s sister come in
this mornin’,” said one.

  “ Uhuh,” said the other, and looked
toward the stage driver. “ Good looker,
Mac?”

  The stage driver glanced up. “ Got him
beat all hollow,” he observed. “ Come in
on the morning train. Going up the lake,

I reckon.”

  1 paid for my meal and departed, feeling
a bit dizzy. Balliol’s sister! What the
deuce was she doing here?

  Calling for my gun at the hardware store,

1 arranged about mail at the post-office,
then went down to the dock. And out on
the dockj all alone, she was standing!

CHAPTER VII.

 ] MAKE DISCOVERIES.

TO see me sauntering along with a gun
under my arm, seemed to cause her
some alarm. And, too, she seemed
ve.. self-repressive; her greeting was cold.
Then, with a quick change of mood, she
smiled.

  “ Are you going hunting like every one
else, Mr. Desmond?”

  “ I am. Miss Balliol.” I responded.

  An adorable flush stole into her cheeks,
but her blue eyes did not falter.

  " I must apologize for that.” she said *
simply. " It was abominable! But at first,

1—I said that I was a friend—”

  “ And you turned out to be a sister,” I
cut in. “ Please, Miss Balliol, don’t ex-
plain; I figured it out for myself later on,
258

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

and I understand perfectly. But. if it is not
an impertinence, may I ask what on earth
you’re doing here? This is an outlandish
place in which to meet any one—particular-
ly a person of whom one has thought so
much and often.”

  Her gaze dwelt upon me thoughtfully,
searchingly, even suspiciously.

  “ To be candid, Mr. Desmond, 1 hadn't
the least intention of confiding in you," she
stated coolly. “ But I can’t help believing
that you are honest—”

  “ Oh! Who said that 1 wasn't?”

  “ You implied as much—by buying my
brother’s property here.”

  “ Thanks,” I murmured, feeling pretty
well dazed.

  “ I am going Jo Dawson's farm for a
short visit,” she went on. “ If you care
to see me there, I'll be very glad to ex-
plain matters fully. I think the up-lake
launch is about due.”

  I did not know anything about the up-
lake launch, but I took chances.

  “ No,” I said positively. " She ran on a
mud bar this morning and is stuck with a
broken propeller. If you want to get to
Dawson’s, will you let me take you in my
launch? There's not another to be hired.
I assure you. Besides, it will let us talk
on the way.”

  I have a suspicion that she knew that I
was lying; but if so. she did not mind. At
all events, she accepted my invitation. As
she had only her suit-case. we were chug-
ging away from Lakeport inside of ten
minutes. She added to the mystery by
stating that Dawson’s took boarders, and
that, while she was totally unknown here,
she had determined to pay a visit to the
lake on business. 1 began to feel some-
what uncomfortable.

   “ There are several things to straighten
out, Miss Balliol,” I observed. “ First,
your remarks about my honesty. Then, if
you remember, when I told you about your
brother, you exclaimed that ‘ they ' had
killed him—”

   She whitened a little.

  “Please!” She checked me swiftly.
“ Let me take things in order. Mr. Des-
mond. I should not have made that remark
about your honesty; it requires another

apology from me. Now, let me get these
things out."

  She opened her handbag and began to
look over papers. Meantime, she went on
to give me some idea of her brother’s past
life, and of her own.

  Balliol, senior, who had been a wealthy
lawyer in Boston, had died suddenly, six
years previously. He had left few resources
except a family residence near Boston, and
two small, undeveloped ranches here in
Lake County. Martha Balliol had at once
fitted herself for a position as stenographer,
remaining at home with her mother. John
Balliol, a boy nearly through Harvard, had
come to California and had set to work
developing the two ranches on Clear Lake.

  He had worked like a Trojan, too. As
the girl told me of what he had accom-
plished lone-handed, I felt a pang of pity
for him. Two years before this present
time, he had sold one of the ranches for a
handsome sum. lie had sent a large part
of the money home to relieve conditions
there and pay off the mortgage on the
family home. Then, meaning to bring his
mother and sister to Clear Lake, he had
built his house on the twenty-acre ranch,
and had built it well. The work had taken
him nearly a year, for he had done most
of it with his own hands.

  During that time, however, some trouble
had developed. To balance this, he had
made money off his crops, and had ordered
his Paragon car. specially built. What with
one thing and another, he had spent every
red cent that he could raise, being con-
fident of the future.

  “ Then." went on the girl, “ the trouble
increased. What it was, I don’t know: I
can't find out! He only wrote about it
once, and then he sent this photograph.
It explains itself, so far as I can discover.
Jack must have made an enemy of this
man. and took his picture while they were
having an argument. That was like Jack
—he had no lack of nerve.”

  “ Or of nerves either,” 1 added to my-
self. as I took the letter and picture which
she handed me.

  The picture was a kodak snapshot of a
very angry young man shaking his fist at
the camera. There was no doubt about
THE HOUSE OF SKULLS.

259

his anger; a snarling, venomous rage was
stamped all over him! As I recognized his
face, however, an exclamation escaped me:
for, beyond all question, it was the same-
swarthy young man who had tried to cut
my tires at McCray’s Tavern
“ What’s the matter?” broke out Miss
Balliol. “ You know him?”

  “ I’ve seen him,” I commented. “ Tell
you about it in a minute.”

  Beneath the picture was written: • John
Talkso registering rage.”

  Taking the letter, I read a marked
paragraph. It dealt with the same John
Talkso, a name whose very queerness made
me wonder what nationality the young man
could be. Balliol had not explained this,
but had written:

  Am having more trouble with the individual
whose picture I enclose. However, 1 hope to
obviate further trouble with him. The whole
thing is so silly that one hesitates to write any
explanation. Don't worry about it.

  That was finely indefinite, was it not?
It was.

  “ About six months ago.” resumed Miss
Balliol, “ we got into terrible trouble, and
1 was afraid to write Jack about it. because
we were trying so hard not to increase his
worries. Mother was very ill and we had to
mortgage the hou?o again; then a private
bank failed—a bank in which father had
left us a block of stock. The stock had
never been any good, and then on the failure
of the bank we had to pay a tremendous as-
sessment to secure the depositors—and that
finished everything for us. Mother died
suddenly. When it was all over. I wrote
Jack what had happened. Then I went
back lo work.”

  I did not hasten her recital, and she
paused for a few moments. We were chug-
ging merrily down the lake, and the heat of
the sun was relieved by a cool breeze which
brought stray locks of Martha Balliol’s
hair about her face in distracting fashion.

  " It was a hard blow lo jack, of course,"
she went on. " Now, what has happened
I don’t know and can’t discover, Mr. Des-
mond. He wired me a month ago to meet
him in Los Angeles at once—he wrote little
or nothing in the interim. 1 came to Los

Angeles and he did not turn up; I could
not get into touch with him at all. Then,
one morning; he called me up on the tele-
phone and told me to catch the night train
for San Francisco, and to meet him at the
station an hour before the train left.

  •• 1 felt that something terrible was hap-
pening, but he gave no explanation. When
we met at the station, he was a nervous
wreck, and he was frightfully mysterious
about everything. He told me to go on to
San Fransciso and that I’d hear from him
cn route."

  “ How did you recognize his car from
the train?” I broke in. “ You’d never
seen it.”

  “ Xo, but he had sent us the colored
pictures when he had ordered it built, and
he had sent photographs of it after he had
received it— it’s such a distinctive car that
no one could possibly mistake it!”

  That was true enough, as I had discov-
ered.

  " Well, that night at the station,” she
pursued, “ jack gave me an envelope and
said lo open it •*fter the train had started;
he made me promise him. Then he kissed
me good-by and said not to worry, that he
had fixed everything all right for me.
That's the last I saw of him, Mr. Desmond.
Later—on the train—I opened his letter
and found your check to him, with this
note.”

  She handed me a note in Balliol's writ-
ing, which read as follows:

D;;arkst Sis:

   The game's up as far as I'm conccrned; you'll
hear about it soon enough. They were too much
for me at the ranch. They drove me out, to put
it bluntly. If 1 hadn't had too much cursed pride,
I might have done otherwise; but I fought them,
and now they'll get me sure if I go back.

   liesides this. I've cot in bad with another deal.
If I go through with it, then you'll lose every-
thing, and I can't face it. I guess I’m pretty well
broken down, sis. I've been a fool, that's all.
There's only one way to secure to you what can
be secured, and I've taken it. I've sold the ranch
for ten thousand, which is far below its value, and
enclose the check. Cash it immediately in San
Francisco. Good-by, dear little sis, and make the
best of it.	Jack.

  That was on the fa«c of it a cowardly
letter, considering that an hour later Balliol
260

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

had killed himself; but I could not help
remembering all that he must have endured
and fought for in the past years.

  “ Still we haven’t solved the Secret of
the mysterious ‘ they,’ ” 1 observed, “ ex-
cept that John Talkso, whoever he is, is
concerned in it. This letter, too, speaks
of another deal—vague and mysterious as
ever. Miss Balliol, do you have any idea
why you brother did what he did in Los
Angeles?”

  She shook her head. His suicide was
still a mystery to her.

  I told her about my encounter with John
Talkso. and with the shot from the hills.
She had warned me in San Francisco mere-
ly on impulse, for she had felt that there
was something vaguely but distinctly
hostile about that ranch; also, she had been
distrustful of me, for she had imagined that
I might have been concerned in some con-
spiracy to beat down the value of the ranch
and get it cheap. There is the contradic-
tion of woman for you!

  Well, inside of twenty mi mites we were
on a solid footing of friend'-hip. I managed
to convince her as to my entire ignorance
of the trouble; and I could see that the
poor girl had been driven nearly wild by
the mystery which had shrouded Balliol’s
latter days.

  As we drew up the lake. I suggested to
Martha Balliol that she might care to stop
at the ranch and look over the house.

  “ There may be books or other personal
belongings of your brother’s that you'd
like to keep,” I explained. u Really, Miss
Balliol, I’d feel much relieved if you'd go
through his effects and take everything that
you’d like to have. I’ve felt very badly
over the deal, because I’ve seemed to take
undue advantage of his circumstances;
and I feel as though some reparation and
expiation were due you.”

  Later, I thought, I'd add at least five
thousand to the purchase price of the ranch,
but of course this was not the moment to
broach such a matter. Since it was early
in the afternoon, Miss Balliol thanked me
and consented to stop in at the ranch, for
Dawson’s lay just across the bay and we
could run over there in ten minutes.

  Accordingly, we ran in to the dock, and

on this occasion there was no red flare in
the ski'll-sockets. Xor did 1 say anything
to her about the skulls, for the subject was
not a very pleasant one to bring before the
girl’s mind. 1 was careful to steer her up
the hill and then around to the side of the
house, and as we reached it. I heard a bell
buzzing away.

  "Hello!” I ejaculated. "1 ordered the
telephone unplugged this morning—the in-
strument was in, of course. Some one's
calling to see if the line’s working, maybe.
Go right in and make yourself at home,
Miss Balliol—I’ll answer the call.”

  The telephone was in the kitchen, and a
moment later I was at the instrument.

  “Yorke Desmond speaking!" 1 said.
“ Hello?”

  It was my friend the banker at Lakeport
speaking; and what he had to say was one
little earful it certainly was! What he
wanted from me was the address of John
Balliol, for no one in these parts seemed to
know that Balliol was dead. 1 wanted to
know why he wanted it.

  Being a banker, he was mighty hard to
pin down and hold on the mat; but at last
I mafic him cough up the information. It
appeared that some time previously Balliol
had gone on the note of a friendly rancher
to the tune of six thousand dollars. Fire
had wiped out the rancher's property—this
was over in High Valley— and the man him-
self had broken both legs in an accident;
and it was up to John Balliol to make good
the six thousand, now overdue.

    What date was it due?” I demanded.
The banker told me. That note had be-
come due the day after I had bought
Balliol ranch!

   •' You listen here,” 1 said, thinking fast.
" I'll come in to Lakeport to-morrow and
see you: and I'll make good that sum.
Savvy? Never mind my reasons. I owe
Balliol that money, so I'll explain further
to-morrow."

  1 rang off and dropped into the nearest
chair.

  Light on the subject? 1 should say so!
This was the “ other deal ” to which
Balliol had referred; and he sure had been
a fool to indorse the other man’s note. He
knew it. also, and knew that to make it
THE HOUSE OF SKULLS.

261

good would wipe him out. That was why
he had given up the fight.

  He had sold out his ranch to me at a
give-away price, in order to secure the ten
thousand to his sister. He had given her
the money, then had killed himself. He
had left no estate whatever. Whether or
not the law could reach that ten thousand,
I did not know; at all events, he had, of
course, figured that it was safe to Martha.
The banker had told me that Balliol had
sent back one thousand from Los Angeles
—the thousand which I had given him for
his car, of course.

   This explained Baliioi's haste to get the
money. It did not explain the enmity
which had existed between Balliol and this
John Talkso, but of that 1 look little heed
at the moment. Instead of giving Martha
Balliol the extra five thousand, 1 would
pay it over to the bank, clear Balliol’s name,
and square myself with the dead man, as
I looked at it. Martha Balliol need never
know' of it.

   I had figured this out to my own satis-
faction as the best possible course, when
from the front of the house I heard a cry,
followed by a scream. Then 1 remembered
that cursed pterodactyl, for the first time!

CHAPTER VIII.

I GO HUNTING.

ART HA BALLIOL had fallen
against the cobbled chimney of the
fireplace, and lay in a crumpled
heap, arms ouiflung. To my horror, 1
thought he|^ dead—then I saw, upon the
floor, the muddy tracks of the flying
dragon. She stirred a little, and al the
motion, I leaped for the door.

  The room was empty save for the girl,
but I knew that the creature was some-
where close al hand—and 1 had left the
shotgun in the boat!

  1 went down the path like a madman,
secured the gun, tore open the box of shells,
and as I ran back up to the house I loaded
both chambers. As I came to the doorway.
I saw that Martha Balliol was sitting up,
holding one hand to her head. She stared
at me.

  “ What—what was it?” she exclaimed.

   “ That's what I want to know.” I turned
my back on her, perhaps ungallantly, to
seek some sign of movement from the yard.
Nothing stirred. If the thing had been here,
it had gone quickly; it had vanished
among the trees. " ! heard you scream—”

  “ Something—some one—came up be-
hind and pushed me.” Martha Balliol was
standing now, and anger was flashing in
her blue eyes. “ I heard nothing at all; the
surprise made me scream, and 1 must have
fallen against the stones, here—”

  She suddenly saw the tracks upon the
floor, and paused. Her eyes widened with
a swift fear as she pointed to them. I
nodded carelessly, then left the door and
placed a chair for her.

   Without exaggeration, but omitting noth-
ing, 1 told her about the skull-eyes which I
had seen only that morning, and also of the
pterodactyl. She listened in silence, but
her incredulous gaze made me squirm a
bit.

   " You speak as if you believed it,” she
commented at last.

  “ Look at the tracks for yourself!" I
countered. Then, getting her Baliiol’s book,
1 showed her the illustration in question.

   That shook her fine scorn of the story.
She declared herself quite unhurt and re-
fused to let the matter drop; but sat in
thoughtful silence for a little.

    There’s something queer about this
house!” she said at last, and rose. " Let’s
look at those skulls, Mr. Desmond! I be-
lieve Jack said something about them in
one of his letters, but I don’t remember the
cxact words—they were Indian relics, I
believe. He did not say that he was build-
ing them into the house!”

   Together we went outside, and while she
inspected the skulls, 1 scrutinized the
trees and shores, but vainly. The devilish
^hing had hidden itself absolutely, and I
could see no particular sense in going to
find it.

   “ I can't honestly say that I care for
this sciieme of decoration,” declared Martha
Balliol. “ Jack was always given to odd
notions like this, however. As for your
story of the red eyes—well, I’ll pass on it
when 1 see them for myself! Now let's go
262

ALL-STORY WEEKLY

up and look at the house: that is. is you
still care to have me do so.”

   “ Do you still want to?” 1 queried, sur-
prised bv her coolncss. " You've had a
shock—”

   “ I’ve been very silly, you mean,” she cor-
rected me severely, as we walked toward
the steps. “ About this prehistoric thing,
Mr. Desmond—didn't you say that the
steps always came in to the center of a
room, then ended? The foot-prints, I
mean. Well, that docs not look right to
me. Of course, the creature might have
come so far, then have flown away—”

  “ You admit there’s a creature, then?”
I struck in.

  " I admit there's something to make
those tracks,” she said, and laughed merrily.
“ I wish I had looked over my shoulder
when I felt the shove!"

  “ Perhaps the confounded place is
haunted,” 1 said gloomily.

  We spent half an hour going over the
house. Miss Balliol picked out a few
pictures and other things which she would
like to have, and I promised to pack them
up for her. She was planning to stay for
a week or two with the Dawsons.

  Althought she did not say it in so many
words, I realized that her reason for com-
ing here had been to settle the mystery
which surrounded her brother's death. And
she would settle it. There was no doubt
that within a few days she would find out
about that note at the bank. The other
trouble, the trouble which had smashed
Balliol’s nerves and which was somehow
concerned with John Talkso, whoever he
was, lay in the background unsolved.

   So, when she had finished with the house.
I told her frankly what the banker had just
telephoned to me. To be more exact. I
told it with some additions and evasions,
for I did not think it necessary to say that
I was paying off the five thousand. 1 got
around that by saying that the creditor had
paid up, having unexpectedly gotten some
money, and that the banker had phoned
to let Balliol know it was ail right.

   Beyond question I got things a little in-
volved, but Martha Balliol did not probe
the story. To her mind, her brother might
still have been living had he only learned

in time that he would not have to meet
the note. It was a sad business, of course.
Out of justice to the dead chap, I felt in
honor bound to relate his reasons for sui-
cide. which did his heart better credit than
his head.

  Yes, taking it up and down, it was a
sorry and a sordid and a dashed brave little
story. Balliol was a fool and a coward, per-
haps, but the thing he did was done in a
bravely silent fashion.

  Martha Balliol cried a little, and tried
to laugh a little; but she finished with a
clear and sober understanding of why her
brother had killed himself. Then she said
that she thought I had better take her on
to Dawson's by road, the sun being pretty
hot on the water; so I went out and got the
car ready. And 1 kept the shotgun handy.

  The road, which ran down along the lake
shore, was very dusty—the dust was six
inches deep in places. This did not trouble
the Paragon, of course, and we hummed
into the Dawson yard in fine fettle. Mrs.
Dawson was there to receive us, and under
her wing Martha Balliol vanished almost
at once.

  I paused to help myself to a few necta-
rines from a tree near the honse, then set
forth for home. I drove rather fast, for
the road was good; and I got almost to
my own place when something happened.
Both front tires blew at the same instant!

  Fortunately the Paragon was a heavy
boat, or we’d have gone topsyturvy: as it
was, I almost went into the trees. Of
course cord tires do not act as those had
acted without very definite reasons. The
reasons were in the shape of stout nails,
set in scraps of board which had been
buried in the dust. I am afraid that 1
said some very unscriptural things as I
drove home on the rims.

  Who was the miscreant? The thing was
intentional; those bits of board had been
planted since 1 had left home. I cursed
some nr ire, while I sat working on the
tube* and then pumping up the refitted
tires sufficiently to reach Lakeport and an
air hcse.

  One thing was sure: I had inherited John
Balliol’s enemies! Of this I had no further
doubt. If some one were lurking about the
THE HOUSE OF SKULLS.

263

place, it was a case of catch or get caught!
And the afternoon was young, or young
enough, to do a good deal of catching in!

   With these brilliant deductions crowding
me into action, I began to use my head a
little. Obviously, I had two sets of enemies
—human and inhuman. The human type
was very possibly the man John Talkso.
The inhuman \Y33 the pterodactyl. 1 was
as much concerned over one as over the
other; and as I abandoned my tire labors
and glanced up at the house, a sudden
scheme struck me.

  I picked up my shotgun and sauntered
around to the front of the house. For a
moment I stood at the lip of the bluff,
watching the water and the shore, planning
just what 1 would do. Then 1 hurried
down the path to the boat-house, and be-
neath its shelter laid the gun in the canoe
and covered it with fishing tackle and some
burlap. After this, 1 shoved out and pad-
died down the shore, away from Dawson's.

   Since 1 kept close in to the shore. I was
in five minutes beyond sight of my place,
and to any one watching, was off for a
fishing trip. Hut I jerked in to shore and
landed before 1 had gone fifty feet farther.
Pulling up the canoe, 1 stowed it among the
bushes, took my shotgun, and struck direct-
ly up the steep slope.

   It was a hard scramble, but I made it,
and in fifteen minutes 1 gained the road,
hot and puffing. I was not a mile from the
house, and 1 went down the road at a
good walking clip, certain of being unob-
served. The trees to either hand effectual-
ly concealed me.

  When at length the trees opened up to
the left, I had an excellent view of my
house and farmyard. I paused, made my-
self comfortable among the trees, got my
pipe going, and began to watch, flattering
myself that I had flanked the entire place
very neatly. I was well placed to see what-
ever was going on. But nothing was going
on, it seemed. Things happened around
that place in bunches, and just now was a
quiet moment.

   I sat with the gun over my knees, and re-
flected that this had been a crowded day.
It was very nice to think that Martha
Balliol was just across the bay at Dawson’s

farm. The neighborhood seemed very
agreeable to me. Of course, the poor girl
was overcome because of her brother, but
this was a grief which lay in the past; she
had nothing unhappy ahead of her. 1
wished that 1 were as sure of the same for
myself—

   1'hen, abruptly, in the sunlight-flooded
clearing around my house, I saw that for
which I had been watching and waiting!

CHAPTER IX.

I MEET JOHN TALKSO.

I-\ plain sight of me, walking out across
:j the open space toward my house, was
a man. lie carried a bucket in one
hand, and a basket in the other hand.
These he set down at the veranda steps,
and then turned, scrutinizing the lake and
shore. His face showed clearly.

  A low word escaped me as i watched. I
recognized that face on the instant; he
was no other than the enemy of John
Balliol, the man whom I had met at
McGray’s Tavern—the man with the queer
name of John Talkso! An instant later
he had vanished inside the house.

  " Xow,” I said to myself, “ here’s one
mystery about to be solved in a hurry!”
A moment longer i waited. Talkso
appeared again, stooped over the basket he
had been carrying, and then went around
to the front of my house; what he did
there, I could not see. He reappeared,
took up both bucket and basket, and went
into the house.

  I started for the house with the gun
under my arm. both barrels loaded.

  When I got safely over the gate and into
the yard, I knew that I had my man this
time; there was going to be an explana-
tion! To judge from his attire when I had
seen him at .McGray’s Tavern, this Talkso
had money—and he was going to settle
what he owed me, chiefly in the matter of
tires. What he was doing in my house was
another thing. And if he had fired that
bullet at me from the hills—

  At that juncture 1 heard the telephone
ringing. The kitchen windows were open,
and I stole toward the back entrance. An
264

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

instant later, I heard a man speaking at
the telephone; Talkso was answering the
call! His infernal impudence made me
chuckle, for at the instrument he must be
standing with his back to the door. He
was playing directly into my hand!

  “ He’s not here—out fishing.” I heard
him say. Somebody, obviously. »vas asking
for me. “ Who’s this? Oh. hello! This
you, Sheriff West?"

  There was a moment of silence, during
which time I gained the back door and
paused. Talkso was standing at the tele-
phone, right enough, entirely unconscious
of my presence.

  “ The hell you say!" he exclaimed sud-
denly, a snarling intonation in his voice.
“None of your cursed business what I’m
doing here, Mr. West! What? You come
out here if you want to—I'll be gone by
then.”

  Again he paused, and again made angry
response to the sheriff.

  “ Nonsense! You’ve nothing on me—
don’t try bluffing me, Mr. West! You
can’t do it. That shot? Go ahead and tell
Desmond all you want! You know
damned well you can't prove anything on
me, and I know it too! I’ll have Desmond
out of here inside of a week—oh. I won’t
eh? Much you know about it!"

  With a snarling oath, he slammed the
receiver on the hook.

  As he did so, I pushed open the screen
door and stepped inside. Talkso caught
the squeak of the door, and whirled about
like a cat.

  *• I guess the sheriff was right. Talkso,”
I said cordially, over the sights of my shot-
gun. “ Hoist your hands -thank you;
that’s the way it’s always done in the films.
So the sheriff's coming out here, eh? Good
thing. He can take you back with him.
unless we come to terms."

  Talkso stood perfectly motionless, his
hands slightly raised. The surprise of my
appearance had confounded him; but now
passionate rage convulsed his swarthy
features, and in the snaky blackness of his
eyes flickered a scornful hatred. The con-
tempt expressed in his eyes rendered me
uneasy.

  “ You!” he uttered, flinging the word at

me in almost inarticulate fury. “ What
d’ you think you're doing, anyway?”

  " I don’t think,” I assured him. “ I’m
perfectly confidently about it, my friend.
By the way, did you fire a shot at my car
the other day, mistaking me for Balliol?”
“ I wish to hell the bullet had got you!”
he foamed.

  “ You’re a charitable cuss. And since
then, you’ve given me a lot of tire trouble,
to say the least. What's the idea, any-
how? What's back of the feud between
you and Balliol?"

  He seemed to take no notice of the ques-
tion.

  "You poor fool!’’ he said scornfully.
" I could have killed you any time in the
past day or two—”

  “ Well, you didn't." 1 chipped in.
“ Come ahead and loosen up! Let’s have
an explanation!”

  To my horror, I realized that he was
coming at me: he had the silky, invisible
movement of a snake. To blast the life
out of him with that shotgun was impos-
sible. He seemed to be leaning forward,
leaning toward me, farther and farther—
and then he was in the air and on me.

  He gripped me and the gun together,
and we struggled for it. I was ready
enough to drop the gun and slam into him
with my fists, but I saw no use in letting
him perforate me with my own gun. So I
hung on. and we fought it out by arm-
power.

  In the middle of it, we lost balance and
went to the floor—and the shotgun went off
with a deafening explosion, between us.

  I realized quickly enough that I was not
hurt, and rolled backward, leaping to my
feet. Both barrels had exploded, sending
both charges into the telephone, which
hung wrecked and useless against the wall.
Talkso was not hurt either. First thing I
knew, he was up and coming at me with
a yell, brandishing the shotgun like a club.

  According to jiu-jitsu experts, the easiest
thing in the world is to lay out a man
bearing down on you with a club. As it
happens, I am not a j.-j. expert.

  Talkso had been an easy mark in the
road by McGrav's. but he was something
else now. He shoved the butt of the gun
THE HOUSE OF SKULLS.	265

into my stomach, and when I doubled up,
he slammed me over the skull with the bar-
rel. Then he swung up the gun for a finish-
ing stroke.

  By this time I was just beginning to
realize that it was me for swift action or
the count, and I came out of my dream.
To be candid, it is only in books that two
men get into a hot mix-up and follow the
Queensbury rules with meticulous chivalry;
in a real scrap of real men, it’s hit hardest
with anything that will count!

  I followed the most natural rules, and
being backed against the stove, I went
for Talkso with an iron skillet that was
handy. I ducked the gun, banged him over
the ear, and then swung the skillet on his
wrist. He dropped the gun in a hurry, and
to even matters I dropped the skillet and
began to finish off his education.

  He knew something about fighting, and
he tried to fight, but that skillet had him
groggy from the start. In about two min-
utes he was trying to get through the door,
so I let him out—and hopped right after
him. I caught him by the pump, and
laid him out finely.

  When he came to himself, I had him
tied wrists and ankles with dust-cloths
from the car, and was wasting good
mineral water pumping over his torso. In
spite of all my kindness, however, he would
do nothing except splutter curses at me, so
finally I tired of trying.

  “ Very well, then, lie here and talk to
yourself!” I stated in disgust. “When
the sheriff gets here, maybe we'll learn a
few things.”

  I was dead right about that, too!

CHAPTER X.

I BL'ILD A WALL.

OX the morning after my encounter
with John Talkso, 1 was working
like a beaver on the skull wall in
front of my house. I had been working
there since dawn.

  In front of the wall, I had a solid frame-
work of staked boards, edge to edge, six
inches from the wall’s face. The end
spaces were closed with other boards.

From the shore I had toted barrow-loads
of sand until my palms were blistered,
and from the barn behind the house I
had brought a couple of sacks of cement
which had lain there unmolested. For
lack of a mixing bed I was utilizing a de-
pression in the rock at the head of the
path. Bolders of all sizes were handy, and
with these I had partially filled the space
in front of the wall, enclosed by the
boards.

  1 mixed my concrete rapidly and after
four or five batches had been shoveled
into the gap, my work was done. The
former face of the wall, together with the
protruding skulls, was nicely buried be-
hind six inches of concrete.

  I was lighting my pipe and vastly ad-
miring my handiwork, when I heard a
voice.

  “ Mercy! What on earth is the matter
with your telephone? Here I’ve walked
all the way over here just to see if the
pterodactyl had eaten you up—”

  It was Martha J. Balliol, flushed and
laughing.

  “Hurray!" 1 exclaimed. “I’ve been
building a wail—sure, the phone is
wrecked! But I have a few things to
show you; important things, too! Come
up to the veranda and sit down while I
explain.”

  “ But are you a mason?"

  *■ X'o," I said. “ I’m a pterodactyl—
and I can prove it.”

  When she was sitting in one of my porch
chairs, which 1 placed in the middle of
the veranda floor. I excused myself and
got the bucket and basket which John
Talkso had left behind after departing on
the previous afternoon.

  “ Xow shut your eyes. Miss Balliol!
Promise not to peep.”

  “ Cross my heart,” she returned gaily.

  I slowly crossed the floor to her, then
stepped away a pace or two.

  " Open!"

  Her wondering gaze fell upon the con-
crete floor. From the door of the living
room to the side of her chair extended a
line of fresh, muddy pterodactyl tracks!
She almost jumped, then her blue eyes
went to me.
266

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “Exhibit A!” I said, holding up the
bucket of muddy water, and in the other
hand the plaster-of-I’aris cast which had
made the tracks. “ John Talkso was here
yesterday. So was the sheriff. Talkso
left these things behind—and he's not
coming back.”

   Her face sobered.

  “What do you mean. Mr. Desmond?"

   “ Well,” 1 explained, “ this Talkso was
an educated chap. He knew what a
pterodactyl was, you see—and he knew
that other men knew! Then he left some
other things. Typical of them was a set of
of twelve pieces of round, crimson glass;
these, placed in the eyes of those skulls,
made a fine crimson effcct when seen from
the lake. You get the idea?”

   Her eyes widened.

  “Talkso? That man? But what about
my brother—”

  “ I’m coming to that. Between the
sheriff and Talkso, we got the whole thing
straightened out yesterday afternoon.”
After telling her something of what had
happened, I explained.

   “ Your brother, Miss Balliol, had pecu-
liar notions of what to do with Indian
relics. In building this house, he un-
covered the so-called graves of the former
chiefs of the Indian tribe which inhabited
this valley—and which still inhabits it in
places. Your brother used the skulls for
decoration, and once set in that concrete,
^the skulls could not lie removed without
destroying the foundation wall of the house.
You see?”

   She nodded, watching me with eager ab-
sorption.

   “ Well,” I pursued. " this John Talkso
found out about it. He cam? after your
brother in a rage and there was a fight on
the spot, in which Talkso got .worsted.
Then he set to work to drive your brother
off.

  “ He invented some very clever stage
stuff, such as the pterodactyl tracks and
the red glass in the skull-sockets; he also
had some other tricks in his basket, and all
of them clper. He had managed to make
every one believe that this house was
haunted. He had once or twice attempted
your brother’s life—”

   “ But why?” broke in the girl, astounded.

“ Whatever made the man act so? Was
he mad?”

  “ Xot a bit of it! He was sane. He
was also well educated. But—mark this—
he was not a white man; he was a half-
breed Indian, and he was the last of the
Indian chiefs in this particular valley. He
had all the Indian’s sense of outrage at
seeing the skulls of his forefathers orna-
menting this house. So, naturally, he tried
to drive out the desecraters—your brother
and me.

  " He did not go in for murder in cold
blood. Yesterday he merely entered the
room behind you and gave you a shove,
for example. In general, he contented him-
self with such things. But when 1 met him
at McGray’s Tavern and beat him up. he
lost his head. He hiked over another road
fr rn McGray’s, a shorter road east of the
river, and got here ahead of me. But the
sheriff and another man were hunting, and
they saw Talkso deliberately ambush my
car. It was assault with intent to kill,
right enough, and it meant the coop for
Mr. Talkso.”

   “ But that wall you were building!” ex-
claimed Martha Balliol.

   “ That’s the sheriff’s idea; our sheriff is a
bright man,” I returned, laughing. “ The
skulls, you note, are now buried complete-
ly, yet the foundation of the house is not
damaged. Thus the feelings of John Talkso
have been smoothed over, particularly as
he faced the penitentiary if they were not
smoothed over! He and his family are
rich ranchers across the lake, and beyond
having him bounded lo keep the peace, I’ll
not punish him further.”

  " Then you think—”

   “Sure! Everything’s all right!”

   A little later that day, Martha Balliol
was bidding me farewell. There was noth-
ing to keep her here further, she said; at
least, she knew of nothing. Nor did I, un-
happily. She would go back East and take
up the broken threads again.

   " But," I proffered, “ will you not let
me take you a? far as Lakeport?”

  " It will be very kind, Mr. Desmond.
Of course!”
THE HOUSE

OF SKULLS.

267

  “ It's a promise?” I anxiously inquired.
“ Word of honor?”

  " Eh?” The blue eyes inspected me with
surp^se. “ Why, of course it is! "

  '• Good.” I lighted my pipe and puffed
contentedly. “ To tell you the truth, the
car is useless—I failed to fix my tires
efficiently. There's no gas to run the
launch on; I forgot to fill up when we left
Lakeport, I was so excited over your ar-

( T h c

 rival! Naturally, we do not want to walk;
 so, -Miss Balliol, we must go by canoe.”

" By canoe?” she echoed. “ Why—
Lakeport is miles and miles away! And I
can't paddle a stroke. We’d never get
there! ’’

 ’• Well?” I said inquiringly.

 She met my eyes. Slowly a rosy glow
 crept into her cheeks; then she turned—
 and passed toward the canoc.

end.)

BACK HOME

   BY ROBERT BAKER

       V/ES, Jim's right t’ home,

           Back from Over There;

       Only brought an empty sleeve.

        Calls it his " soovineer."

       It's kinder changed the boy,

       This fightin' game;

       ’Pears like he’s more of a man
       Than when the draftin’ came.

       Never thought he'd 'mount to much,
       He was so all-fired wild;

       Me and rna allowed we’d raised
       A shiftless, thankless child.

       He's alius helpin’ now,

       Don't kick at any chore:

       Won’t let mother lift her hand,
       You'd think ’twas ’g'in' the law.

       He's mighty sobered, too,

       And kinder thoughtful looks;

       Talks about the " Rights of Man ”
       And wants to I'arn from books.

       Got a medal? Bet your life!

       Don't brag about it, though;
       Brought his wounded captain in,
       Through hell he had t’ go.

       I don’t know what this war has done
       For other boys in line,

       But this 1 know, thank Cod, it’s so:
       It's made a man oj mine!
 y}f^> George Allan. Enpiarvd.

Author of “The Shyster-at-Law,” "The Brass Check,” "Hypnotized," etc.

PRECEDING CHAPTERS BRIEF L Y Ii E TOLD

 CAPTAIN ALPHEl'S BRIGGS, of the clipper-ship Silver Flecco, of New Bedford, a huge,
 black-bearded bucko of the worst type, even for the strenuous days of the old windjammers,
 having stolen a Malay girl, Kuala l’ahang, at Batu Kawan, refused pointblank lo give her up,
 even though he knew the natives might rise and slaughter every white man on the ship.

     Even when the girl's mother. Dengan Jouga, a nenck kabayan (witch woman), came on board
 and cursed him, lie refused and drove her oil the ship, and when his male protested, the skipper,
 in drunken rage, beat him. The mute, Scurlock, accompanied by a cabin-boy he had rescued
 from the bucko skipper's rage, went ashore; and the skipper, who had been somewhat held in check
 by the diplomacy of the ship's surgeon. Dr. Filhiol, finally fell into a drunken sleep. While he
 slept, the second mate, Wansky, took the ship out of Batu Kawan, but not being familiar with the
 unchartcd coast, ran ashore on a sand-spit in Motomolo Strait.

     There the pursuing natives, in nearly a score of boats, overtook them the next day. A parley
 ensued, in which the Malays demanded the girl, on penalty ol' instant death to Scurlock and the
 boy, whom they had in the boat'with them. Despite the near-mutiny of his white crew, liriggs
 refused, and the two were decapitated. Briggs then turned his small cannon on the boat.

      The entire licet then attacked, but Briggs had the stolen girl brought on deck, and threatened to
 Ihrow her to the sharks swarming about the vessel if they didn't haul off. They continued to
 approach, however, and Briggs made good his threat. The battle which followed was a desperate
 one, but in the end all the native craft were sunk, the Silver Fleece kedged off, and, with a deck
 full of dead and wounded, she managed to escape, ultimately reaching Boston willi her rich cargo.

      It was the i-Sth of February. 1.S08, when ali this look place.

     And now comes a lapse of fifty years—to the 24th of June. iqiS. Captain Briggs had, in the
 mean time fallen in love, married, and been wholly reformed by his gentle wife, whom, however,
 he had lost at the birth of his first child. This son also had been killed tragically in early man-
 hood, and the daughter-in-law he had loved as his own was also taken. But one object of his
 affection remained—his grandson, Hal. a young man now, and a replica—physically—of what the
 captain had been fifty years before. It was for this grandson that he was waiting as lie sat on the
 veranda of his beautiful and peaceful home, Snug Haven, on the Massachusetts coast. Age had
 not bowed the giant. His hair and beard were now snow white, and time had etched deep lines in
 his rugged face, but he was still a vigorous and powerful man.

     In the kitchen—or galley, as they called it—Ezra Trefethen, an ex-ship's cook, now his only
 companion and general factotum, was singing a sea chanty, when an old buggy drove up to the
 door, and an old man hailed the captain. It was Dr. Filliiol. now old and broken physically,
 but as clear sighted as ever menlallv. For long the two men talked of their lives—since neither
 had seen the other since the days of the Silver Fleece. Then, as the captain sighted the schooner
 that was to bring Hal from Boston, he made his old friend comfortable, and hastened down lo
 the dock to meet the ship when it tied up.

     And then—up from the cabin came what seemed lo be the ghost of himself at his worst—
 drunk, raging in brutal, unreasoning rage.

CHAPTER NIN.	years of bucko work in many seas, had

                                           never vet learned to spell the word “ de-
         n.AL snows ills ifci.rn.	feat.” For him, the battle was just begin-

FERCUS McLAUGHLIN,down though	ning. He managed to get lo hands and

 he was, had not yet taken the couni.	knees. Hal lurched forward, to close with

 True enough, Hal's firsl blow had	him, to finish him with never a chance of

 felled him to his own deck, half-stunned;	getting up: but now old Captain Briggs

but the wiry Scotchman, toughened by	had Hal by the arm again.

This story began in the All-Story Weekly Tor January 11.

268
CURSED.

269

  “ Hal, Hal!” he entreated. For God’s
sake—”

  Once more Hal threw the old man off.
The second’s delay rescued McLaughlin
from annihilation. Dazed, bleeding at
mouth and nose, he staggered to his feet and
with good science plunged into a clinch with
the onrushing Hal.

  This unexpected move upset Hal’s tactics
of sudden, smashing violence. The Scot’s
long, wiry arms wrapped round him, con-
stricting him, hampering his fist-work.
Hal could do no more than drive in harm-
less, random blows at the other’s back.
They swayed here, there, tripped over a
hawser, almost went down. From the crew
and from the spectators on the wharf ragged
shouts arose, some of fear and anger, some
of purely malicious delight and animal ex-
citement, for here, indeed, was battle-royal
of the finest. The Airedale, barking madly,
added to the general tumult; and the sound
of feet, running down the wharf, told of
other contingents hastily arriving to witness
the delectable scene.

  “ By gum! ” approved the helmsman, for-
getting to chew his quid. He had more
than once felt the full weight of McLaugh-
lin’s fist. “ By gum, now, but Mac’s in f’r
a good takin’-down. If that lad don’t fist
him proper, I miss my ’tarnal guess. Sic
’im, boy!”

  Blaspheming, Hal with a supreme effort
tore McLaughlin loose, flung him back, low-
ered his head and charged. But now the
Scot had recovered a little of his wit and
skill. On deck he spat blood and a broken
snag of tooth. His eye gleamed murderous-
ly. The very excess of Hal’s rage, insen-
sate, animal, betrayed the boy. His guard
opened. In drove a stinging left-hander to
his ear. McLaughlin handed him the other
fist, packed full of dynamite. The boy
reeled back, gulping.

  “Come on, ye college bratlin'!" chal-
lenged the fighting Scot. and smeared the
blood from his mouth with one swift pass of
the hand. “ This here ain't your ship—not
yet!”

  “ My ship’s any ship I happen to be on!"
snarled Hal, circling for advantage. Mac’s
lesson had already taught him to be cau-
tious. Old Captain Briggs’s imploring cries

fell from him, unheeded. “ If this was
my ship. I’d wring your neck, so help me
God! But as it is, i’ll only mash you to a
jelly!”

  "Pretty bairn!” gibed McLaughlin,
hunched into battle-pose. with bony fists up
and ready. " Grandad’s pretty pet! Come
here to uncle, till 1 spank ye! Arrrh! Ye
would, eh?” as Hal bored in at him.

  He met the attacking rush with judgment
and cool skill. True, Hal’s right went to
one eye, closing it; but Hal felt the bite of
knuckles catapulted from his neck in a
glancing blow that, had it landed square,
would almost have snapped the vertebra?.

  Hal delayed for no more jockeying. Bull-
like. he charged. By sheer weight and fury
of blows he drove Mac forward of the
schooner, beside the deck-house. Amid the
turmoil of cries, shouts, cheers, the battle
raged. The jostling crowd, swift-gathered,
shoved and pushed on deck and on the
wharf, to see this epic war. Half a dozen
bets were placed, even money.

  McLaughlin, panting, half-blind, his
teeth set in a grin of rage only less savage
than Hal’s, put every ounce he had left into
each blow and into attempts to parry, to
guard. But Hal’s greater weight and longer
reach outclassed him.

   A minute, two minutes they battled, furi-
ously. straining, sweating, lashing. Then
something swift and terrible connected with
Mac's jaw-point in a jolting jar that loos-
ened the universe and set the solar system
spinning in mad vortices. Mac’s head
snapped back. His arms flung up. He
dropped, pole-axed, into the-scuppers.

  For the first time in five-and-twentv
years of fighting, clean and dirty, Fergus
McLaughlin had taken a knockout.

  A mighty shout of mingled joy, exulta-
tion, fear and rage loosened echoes from the
old fish-sheds along the wharf. Three or
four of the crew came jostling into the cir-
cle. minded to avenge their captain. Sneer-
ing. his chest heaving, but ready with both
fists, Hal faced them.

  “ Come on, all o’ you!” he flung, drunk
with rage, his face distorted, mad, bestial.
A slaver of bloody froth trickled from the
corner of his mouth. “ Come on!”

   They hesitated. C.orillalike, he advanced.
270

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

Back through the crowd the overbold ones
drew. No heart remained in them to tackle
this infuriated fighting-machine.

  Wild, mocking laughter rose. Unmerci-
ful gibes were chivvied at ihe quitters. Hal
set both fists on his hips, flung up his head
and panted:

  “Apologize, will I? I, a passenger on
this lousy tub, I’ll apologize to a bunch of
down-easi roughnecks, eh? If there's any-
body else wants any apology, come on! It's
my little job to clean ’em out. I’m here!”
None caught up the gage of battle.
Bursting with fury that had to vent itself
on some object, Hal swung toward Mc-
Laughlin. The Scot had landed on a coil of
hawser in the scuppers, that had somewhat
broken the impact of his fall. Hal reached
down, gripped him with gorilla strength,
hauled him up and flung him backward over
the rail. Twice, thrice he struck him with a
fist reddened by McLaughlin’s blood. He
wrenched at the unconscious man’s arm.
snarling like an animal, his face distorted,
eyes glazed and staring. A crunching
sound told of at least one broken bone.

  Shouts of horror, of protestation fell un-
heeded from his ears.

  “My Gawd, he’s a killin' on him!"
quavered a voice. “ Men, all o' ye—we can’t
stan’ by an’ see him do murder!”

  Old Briggs, nerved to sudden action, ran
forward.

  “ Hal! For God’s sake. Hal!”

  “You stand back, grandad! He’s my
meat!”

  “ Hal—”

  Before any one could intervene, Hal
raised McLaughlin high above his head,
with a mingling sweep of wonderful power.
Roaring, he dashed the Scotchman to the
bare planks with a horrible, dull crash.
Then he hauled back one foot and kicked
the senseless man full in the mangled,
blood-smeared face.

  A kind of communal gulp and gasp of
terror rose up then. Men shrank and quiv-
ered, stricken with a kind of almost super-
stitious fear. All had seen fights aplenty:
most of them had taken a hand in brawls
and scuffles of more or less violence—
usually more—but here was a new kind of
malice, a strange variety of passion. And

silence fell, more tense, more heart-search-
ing, than any tumult.

  Hal faced the outraged throng, and
laughed with deep lungs.

  •	There’s your champion, what’s left of
him!” cried he. “ lie won’t bullyrag any-
body for one while, believe me. I’ve tamed
him for you. Take him—I’m through with
him! ”

  Of a sudden ihe rage seemed to die in
Hal. as if spent in that last, orgiastic con-
vulsion of passion. He turned away, flung
men right and left like children, forced a
path for himself through them and leaped
down ihe companion. Swiftly he emerged
with a suitcase. To his trembling, half-
fainting grandfather he strode, unmindful of
the low and ominous murmur of curses and
threats directed against him.

  "Come on. grandpop!” he said in an-
other and more normal tone. His voice did
not tremble, as will the voice of almost
even- man after a storm of rage. His color
was fresh and high, his eyes Clear; his whole
ego seemed to have been vivified and fresh-
ened. like a sky after tempest. “ Come
along, now. I've had enough of this rotten
old tub. I've given it what it needed, a
good clean-up. Come on! ”

  He seized Captain Briggs by the elbow—
for ihe old man could hardly stand, and
now was leaning weakly against the hatch-
way housing—and half guided, half dragged
him over the rail to the wharf.

  " Shame on you, Hal Briggs!” exclaimed
a leather-faced old lobsterman. “ This
here’s a bad day’s work you’ve done. When
he was down, you booted him. We wun’t
fergit it, none of us wun’t.”

  “ Xo, and he won't forget it, either, the
bragging bucko!” sneered Hal. “Uncle
Silas, you keep out of this!”

  " Ef that’s what they Tarn ye down to
college,” sounded another voice from some-
where on the wharf, “ you’d a durn sight
better stay to hum. We fight some, on the
North Shore, but we fight fair, anyhow! ”

  Hal faced around, with blazing eyes.

  •	Who said that?” he gritted. “ Where’s
the son of a pup that said it?”

  Xo answer came. Cowed, everybody held
silence. Xo sound was heard save the shuf-
fling feet of the men aboard the Sylvia
CURSED.

271

Flctcher, as some of the crew lifted Mc-
Laughlin’s limp form and carried it toward
the companion, just as Crevay had been
carried on the Silver Fleece, half a century
before.

  "Come on. gramp!” exclaimed Hal,
again. “ For two cents I’d dean up the
whole white-livered bunch. Let’s go home,
now. before there's trouble.”

  '■ 1—I’m afraid I can’t walk, Ha!," qua-
vered the old man. “ This has knocked me
galley-west. My rudder’s unshipped and
my canvas in rags. 1 can’t navigate at all.”
He was trembling as with a chill. Against
his grandson he leaned, shaken, ashen-
faced, helpless. " 1 can’t make Snug Ha-
ven, now.”

  “ That’s all right, grampy," Hal assured
him. “ We can dig up a jitney if you can
get as far as the street. Come on, let’s
move! ”

  With unsteady steps, clinging to Hal’s
arm and followed by the dog, old Captain
Briggs made his way along Hadlock's
Wharf, the way he had come. Only a few
minutes of time had elapsed since he had
strode so proudly down that wharf, but what
a vast difference had been wrought in the
captain’s soul! All the glad elation of his
heart, which had shone forth from his eyes
and had irradiated his whole being, had now
faded and vanished more swiftly than a
tropic sunset turns to dark. The old man
seemed to have shrunken, collapsed, fallen
in. His vigor, his firm strength—where
were they now? Fifteen little minutes
seemed to have weighted and bowed down
his shoulders with at least fifteen years.

  “Oh, Hal, Hal!’’ he groaned, as they
slowly made their way toward the street,
with a little straggle of curiosity-seekers
trailing after them. " Oh. Hal. my boy.
how could you ha’ done that?”

  “ How could I? After what he said, how
couldn’t 1?”

  “ What a disgrace! What a burning,
terrible disgrace! You, Hal, a Briggs— just
back from college—”

  “ There, there, grandpop. it'll be all
right. Everybody’ll be glad, when they
cool off, that I handed it to that bully
proper.”

  “ This will make a terrible scandal. The

Observer will print it, and maybe it'll get
into the Boston papers, and—”

  “ Nonsense! You don’t think they’d
waste ink and paper on a little mix-up
aboard a coasting-schooner, do you?”

  " This is more than a little mix-up, Hal.
You’ve stove that man’s hull up, serious.
There’s more storm brewing.”

  “ What d’you mean, more storm?”

  “ Oh, he’ll take this to court. He’ll sue
for damages, and get them, too.”

  “ He’d better not! ” snapped Hal, grimly.
“ Just let him try it. I’ve got more for him,
where what I handed him came from, if he
tries it!”

  “ Hal, you’re—breaking my old heart.”

  “ D’you think, grandpa, 1 was going to
stand there and swallow his insults? Do
you think I, a Briggs, was going to let
that slab-sided P. 1. hand me a bunch of
that rough stuff? Would you have stood
for it?”

  “ I? What do you mean? How could I
fight, at my age?"

  “ I mean, when you were young. When
you were at sea. Didn’t yon ever mix it,
then? Didn’t you have guts enough to put
up your fists when you had to? If you
didn’t, you're no grandfather of mine!”

  “ Hal,” answered the old man, still hold-
ing to his grandson as they neared the
street, “ what course I sailed in my youth
is nothing for you to steer by now. Those
were rough days, and these are supposed to
be civilized. That was terrible, terrible,
what you did to McLaughlin. The way you
flung him across the rail, there, and then
dashed him to the deck, and—kicked him,
when he was down—kicked him in the
face—”

   ‘ Its all right, I tell you!” Hal asserted,
vigorously. He laughed, with glad remem-
brance. " When 1 fight a gentleman, I fight
like a gentleman. When I fight a ruffian, I
use the same tactics. That’s all such cattle
understand. He’d have done the same to
me. if he'd got a chance, which he didn’t
then and never will. My motto is to hit
first, every time. That’s the one best bet.
The second is, hit hard. Mean business.
If you’re in a scrap, you’re in it to win,
aren't you? Hand out everything you’ve
got—give ’em the whole bag of tricks, all at
272

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

one wallop. That’s what I go by, and it’s a
damn good rule. You, there! Hey. there,
jitney!”

  The discussion broke oil", short, as they
reached the end of the wharf and Hal
sighted a little car, cruising slowly and with
rattling joints over the rough-pavecl cobbles.

CHAPTER XX.

THK CAPTAIN COMMANDS.

THE jitney turned, approached, and
stopped.

“Oh, hello, Sami That you?"
asked Hal, recognizing the driver. “ How
are you?”

  “Hornspoon! Ef it ain't Hal!” ex-
claimed the jitney-man. " Hack agin, eh?
What the devil you been up to? Shirt
all tore, an’ one eye looks like you’d
been—”

  “ Oh, nothing,” Ha! answered, while the
taggers-on stopped at a respectful distance,
gazing silently. “ I’ve just been arguing a
little with McLaughlin, aboard the Sylvia
Fletcher. It’s nothing at all.” He opened
the car door, helped his grandfather in and
shoved the suit-case on to the Hour of the
machine. Then, gripping the Airedale by
the scruff of its neck so that it yelped with
pain, he pitched it in.

“ It was nothing, nothing at all,” he re-
peated. “ How much more than that do
you want to take us down to Snug Haven?”
“ Well—that’ll be a dollar ’n’ a half,
seein’ it’s you.”

  “ You’ll get one nice, round little buck,
Sam.”

  “ Git out! You, an’ the cap’n, an' the
dog, an’ a grip! Why- ”

  Hal climbed into the car. sat down and
slammed the door. He leaned forward, his
face close to Sam’s. The seethe of rage
seemed to have departed. Xow Hal was all
joviality, good spirits, friendliness. Swiftly
the change had come upon him.

  “Sam!” he admonished. “You know
perfectly well seventy-five cents would be
robbery, but I’ll give you a dollar—or
gramp will. Come, put her into high, and
let’s be moving! ”

The driver sniffed Hal's breath, raised his

eyebrows, and nodded acceptance. Who
could resist Hal's smile?

  “ All right, seein' as it’s you,” he an-
swered. He added, in a whisper: “ Ain’t
got nothin’ on y’r hip, have ye?”

  “ Nothing but ,a bruise,” said Hal.
“ Clk-clk!”

  The jitney growled forward, and struck
its bone-shaking gait along the curving
street of Endicutt. Xo one spoke. The old
captain, spent in forces and possessed by
strange hauntings. bv bitter and terrible
thoughts, had sun!; far down in the seat.
His beard made a white cascade over the
smart blue of his brass-buttoned coat. His
eyes, half-closed, seemed to be visioning the
other, far-off, wicked days that he had la-
bored so long and so hard to forget. Iiis
aged, deep-lined face was gray with suffer-
ing, bem ath its tan. His lips, from which
issued no word, had set themselves in a
grim, tight line.

  As for Hal, he filled and lighted his pipe,
then leaned back and with a kind of bored
tolerance eyed the quaint old houses, the
shops, the gardens and trim hedges.

  “ Some burg,” he murmured. “ Some
live little burg to put in a whole summer,
here and at South Endicutt! Well, anyhow,
1 started something. They've got some-
thing to talk about, for a while. They
ought to hand me a medal, for putting a lit-
tle ginger into this prehistoric graveyard.”
Then he relapsed into contemplative
smoking.

  In silence they rattled along. Presently
the town thinned out, giving place to the
open road along the shore, now bathed in a
thousand lovely hues as sunset died. The
slowly fading beauty of the seascape
soothed and quieted what little fever still
remained in Hal's blood. With an appre-
ciative eye he observed the harbor. The
town itself might seem a dreary place, but
in his soul the instinctive love and compre-
hension of the sea awoke to the fresh
charms of that master-panorama which in
all the history of its infinite existence has
never Iwice shown just the same blending of
hues, of motion, of refluent ebb and fall.

  Along the dimming islands, the incoming
swells were breaking into great bouquets of
foam. The murmurous, watery cry of the
CURSED. -

273

surf lulled Hal: its hollow and booming ca-
dences against the rocky girdles of the coast
seemed whispering strange, alluring, mys-
terious things to him. In the offing a lew
faint specks of sail, melting in the purple
haze, beckoned: Come away, come
away!"

   " Lord:" muttered Hal. shifting uneasily.
" How mu I stick it out all summer, here
with grampy. when that. Unit is calling
me?"

  To Captain Briggs quite other thoughts
were coming than those of sky anil sea. Xot
now could the lure of his well-loved ocean
appeal to him. for all the wonders of the
umber and dull orange west. Where but an
hour ago beauty had spread its miracles
across die world, for him. now all had
turned to drab and dun. Here, and beyond,
a few faint twinkles of light were beginning
to show in fishers' cottages; ami these, too.
saddened the old captain, for they minded
him of Snug Haven's waiting lights Snug
Haven, where he had hoped so wonderfully
much of the home-coming, but where now-
onlv mournful disillusion and foreboding
thoughts of evil remained.

   The ceaseless threnody of the sea against
the shore, now and then audible above the
purr of the engine and the whirring spin of
the tires, seemed to the old man a requiem
over dead hopes. The salt tides seemed to
mock and jibe at him. with malice: and out
of the pale haze that drifted upward, sea-
ward, from the slow-heaving waters, ghosts
seemed to be beckoning, wraith.- and spec-
ters of the long-dead past.

   All at once Hal spoke, hi? slangy college
vernacular rudely jarring on the old cap-
tain's melancholy.

  " That was some jolt I handed Mac.
wasn't it?" he laughed. ” He won't be so
careful who he picks on. That'll do him a
needed, a good walloping."

  "Eh? What? ' murmured the old man.
roused from his sad m usings.

  •• Such people have to get it handed to
them once in a while." the grandson con-
tinued. •' There’s only one kind of argu
ment they understand and that'.- this
kind! ”

   He raised his right list, and by the lading
light, inspected it. turning it this way and

    7	A-S

that, admiring its massive power, its ada-
mantine bone and sinew.

  •	Oh. for Heaven’s sake, Hal, don't do
that!" exclaimed the captain, startled.
With strange eyes he peered at the young
man.

  He laughed uproariously.

  " Some fist, what?-’ he boasted. " Some
pacifier! Makes you nervous, eh?"

  As he turned toward the old man. his
breath smote the captain’s senses.

    Lord, Hal! You haven't been drinking,
have you?" quavered Briggs, with tear-
stricken accents.

  •Drinking? Well no. Maybe I've had
one or two. but that’s all."

    One or two what. Hal?"

  " Siugs of rum.”

   Rum! Good God!"

  *■ What's the matter, now? What's the
harm in a drop of good stimulant? You see.
Mac had some extra fine rum in his cabin.
As a passenger. I thought there was a little
coming to me. lt:s chilly out at sea.
Damned chilly, grandpop. You know that,
yourself. So 1 asked him for a drink, and
lie couldn't see it. the tightwad! 1 took it.
anyhow. That's what started all the rough-
house."

  •‘Great heavens, Hal! D’ you mean to
tell me you're drinking now?"

  “• There, there, gramp, don't get all
stewed up over a trifle. All the fellows
in my set. at college, lake a drop now and
then. You don't want me to be a molly-
coddle. do you. and drink nothing stronger
than warm milk ? You don't want me to
feel I can t take a nip. once in a while, and
not hold it like a gentleman? That’s all
foolishness, grampy. Be sensible!"

  The old man began to shiver, though not
with cold, for die off-shore breeze blew
warm and llower-scented. Hal made a
grimace of displeasure and vexation. His
grandfather answered nothing, and once
more silence fell between the two. It lasted
til! the first scattering houses of South Endi
vutt came into view in the fading light, and
until the car, slowing a little, rattled into
tiie rock-studded street that sinuously
wound along the shore.

  The driver, throwing a switch, sent the
beams of his headlights piercing the soft
274

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

June dusk. The cones of radiance painted
the roadside grass a vivid green, and made
the white-washed fences leap to view. The
hedges, gardens, gable-ends of the old
houses, all spoke of home and rest, of com-
fort, peace, and the beatitude of snug secur-
ity. Somewhere the sound of children’s
shouts and laughter, a:- they played hide-
and-seek, echoed appealingly. The tinkle of
a cow-bell added its musical note; and faint
in the western sky, the evening star looked
down upon the darkling sea.

  Then came the turn in the road, A little
red gleam winked in view—the port light of
the Haven.

  “ There’s the old place, just the same,
isn’t it?” commented Hal, in a softer tone.
For a moment he seemed moved to gentler
thoughts. But only for a moment. His eye,
catching a far, white figure away down by
the smithy, brightened with other anticipa-
tions than those of getting home again.

  “ Hello!” he exclaimed. “ That’s Laura,
isn’t it? Look, gramp—isn’t that Laura
Maynard?”

  Peering ahead, Captain Briggs recognized
the girl. He understood her innocent little
subterfuge of being out for a casual stroll
just at this time when Hal was coming
home. His heart, already lacerated, con-
tracted with fresh pain.

  “ No, no, Hal,” he exclaimed. “ That
can’t be Laura. That must be Susan Cald-
well—you know, Ed Caldwell’s wife. Come
now, don’t be thinking about Laura, to-
night. You’ve had a hard day of it. You’re
tired, and ought to rest."

  “ Tired? Me tired? Say, that's a good
one! When was I ever tired?”

  “ Well, I'm tired, anyhow,” the captain
insisted, “ and 1 want to cast anchor at the
Haven. We’ve got company, too, and I
want you to come right in. It wouldn’t
look polite, if you went gallivanting—”

  “ Company? What company?” de-
manded Hal, as the car slackened still more,
drawing up toward the gate.

  “ A very special friend of mine.” an-
swered the captain. “ A man I haven’t seen
in fifty years. An old doctor that once
sailed with me. He’s waiting to see you,
now.”

   “ Another old pill, eh?” growled the boy,

sullenly, his eyes still fixed on the girl at the
bend of the road. “ There’ll be time
enough for Methuselah, later. Just now,
it's me for the skirt!”

  The car halted at the irate. Captain
Briggs opened the door. Ruddy, the Aire-
dale. leaped out and stood expectant, grin-
ning and panting as dogs do when well
pleased. The captain stiffly descended, forc-
ing himself to greater activity than his
weariness dictated. He felt singularly spent
and old. Hal threw out the suit-case, and
lithely leaped to earth.

  *• Dig up a bone for Sam, here,” directed
Hal. •• Xow, I'll be on my way to overhaul
the little dame.”

“ Hal! That’s not Laura. I tell you!”
You can’t kid me, grampy! That's the
schoolma'm, all right. I'd know her a mile
off. She's some chicken, take it from me.”
“Hal, 1 protest against such language
about that line young woman! ”

  “ Oh, too rough, eh?” sneered the boy.
“ Now in your day. 1 suppose you used
more refined English, didn’t you? Maybe
you called them qualified wenches, or—”
“Ilal! That will do!”

  “ So will Laura, for me. She's mine, that
girl is. She's plump as a young porpoise,
and I'm going to go after her! ”

  The captain stood aghast, at sound of
words that echoed from the very antipodes
of the world and of his own life. Then, with
a sudden rush of anger, his face reddening
formidably, he exclaimed:

  “ Not another word! You’ve been drink-
ing. and you’re dirty and torn. You've got
rum aboard you, sir—you’re no fit man, to-
night. to haul up ’longside that craft! ”

  “ I tell you. I'm going down there to say
good evening to Laura, anyhow,” Hal in-
sisted, sullenly. “Don’t be so buttinskv!
I'm going!”

  ‘‘You are not, sir!” retorted Briggs,
while Sam, in the car. grinned and nodded
with enjoyment of this verbal war that
would make choice pickings for gossip all
along the village. “ You’re not going to hail
Laura Maynard to-night! I'm ashamed of
you. Do you want to lose her friendship
and respect?”

  •• Pifile! Women like a little rough stuff,
now anil then. I liis Little Kolb business is
CU RSKI).

275

played out. (lo along in. if you want to.'
hut I'm going to see I.aura.''

  " Hal." said the old man. a new tone in
his voice. " This is carrying too much can-
vas. You'll lose some of it in a minute, if
you don't reef. I’m captain here, and you’re
going to lake my orders, if it comes to that.
I’m paying your way through college, sir.
Every bite you eat and every stitch you
wear comes from me. The very strength
you boast of and misuse so brutally is ile
river from money I worked a lifetime’for. ai
sea. and suffered and sinned and bled and
almost died for!" The old man's t>in- rang
out again as in the old, tempestuous days
when he was master of many hard and vio-
lent men. " Now, sir. you're aboard my
craft and Ini your sailing-master. You’re
going to obey me. or overside you go, this
minute and once you go, you’ll never set
foot on my planks again! Pick up your
dunnage, sir. and into the Haven with
you!"

  " Good nightejaculated Hal, staring.
Sever once before in all his life had the
old man. the sou! of kindly indulgence,
spoken to him thus. Astonished though
Hal was. and stung to anger, he recognized
a power he dared not disobey. Muttering,
he picked up the suit-case. Ruddy, glad to
be at home once more, set up a joyful bark-
ing and leaped against him. With an oath,
Hal swung the suit-case: the Airedale, yelp-
ing again with pain, cringed, fawned and
slunk away.

  " Into the Haven with you! ” commanded
Briggs. outraged and indignant to his very
heart. " Go.'"

  Hal obeyed, slouching through the gate
with huge shoulders hulking and drooping
in their plentitude of evil power, just as the
captain's had done, so very long ago.
Alpheus Briggs peered down the street a
moment at the dim white figure of the dis-
appointed girl: then, exes agleam and back
very straight, he followed Hal up the white-
sanded walk toward Snug Haven - the
Haven which in such beatitude of spirit he
had left but an hour ago the Haven to
which, tilled with so many fears and evil
bodings, he now was coming back again.

  " Oh. God." he murmured as he went.
" if this thing must come upon me. Thy

will be done! But if it can be turned aside,
spare me! Spare me, for this is all my life
and all m\ hope! Spare me!"

CHAPTER XXL

Sl’KCTKKs Or TIIK PAST.

HAL'S boots, clumping heavily up the
steps of the porch, aroused the cap-
tain from his brief revery of prayer- -
a prayer wrung from him by excess of
anguish. Captain Briggs, despite all his
many virtues, was not a pious man. Xeither
did he often pray His faith in a personal
(iod was tenuous, perhaps, being more than
anything else a kind of love and reverence
for land and sky and sea, for all of Xature's
universal and eternal miracles. Yet in this
moment ol distress, the age-old formula, the
cry for help to some unknown and over-
brooding Power framed itself upon his lips.

  That cry was only momentary. Almost
at once, the new, swift stab of pain he felt
at realizing that Dr. Filhiol must see the
grandson in this disheveled, half-drunken
condition, brought the old man sharply back
to earth again. How bitter a humiliation
this—to have extolled the boy and praised
him in so many ways, and then to have this
brutal disillusionment, this sickening anti-
climax! The captain stiflecf a groan. Fate
seemed indeed to be dealing him a blow
unreasonably hard.

  A chair scraped on the porch. By the
dim light through the windows of the
cabin Briggs saw the bent and shriveled
form of Dr. Filhiol arising. The good doc-
tor, rendered a bit nervous by the formida-
ble arsenal of weapons over the fireplace
and by the cabinet of curios, which all too
clearly recalled the past, had once more-
issued out upon the piazza, to await the
captain's return. Warmed by the egg-nogg
within, and outwardly by a shawl that Ezra
had given him- a shawl wrapped about his
lean, crooked body, so that to speak truth
he much resembled a wizen old woman
now he stood there waiting, leaning on his
cane. \ smile of anticipation curved his
shaven, bloodless lips. His eyes blinked
eagerly behind his thick-lensed glasses.

  ■	Home again, eh?" he piped. "Good!
276

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

So then this is Hal? This is the little grand-
son back, from college? Little.' Ha-ha!
Why, captain, he’d make two like us!"

  “ This is Hal,” answered the captain
briefly, and also climbed the steps strangely
weary. “ Yes, this is my grandson."

   The doctor, a little surprised at Briggs's
curt reply, put out his hand. Hal took it
as his grandfather spoke the doctor's name.

  “ Glad to know you, doctor!” said he in
a sullen voice, and let the hand drop. " Ex-
cuse me, please! I'll go in and wash up."

  He turned toward the door. With per-
turbation Filhiol peered after him. Then
he glanced at the captain. An awkward
silence fell. It was broken by a cry of joy
from the front door.

  "Oh, Master Hal!” ejaculated Ezra.
“ Ef it ain't Master llal!"

   The faithful old servitor's long, leathery
face beamed with jubilation as he seized
the suit-case with one hand and with the
other clapped Hal on the shoulder. " Jump-
in’ jellyfish, but you’re lookin' fine ?n’
stout! Back from y’r books, ain't ye? Ah,
books is grand things, Master Hal, ’specially
check-books pocketbooks, an’ bank-books.
Did the cap’n tell ye? He did, didn't he?’’

  “Hello, Ez!” answered Hal, still very
glum. “ Tell me what?”

  “ ’Bout the plum-cake an’ lamb?'’ asked
Ezra anxiously as Hal slid past him into
the house.

  “ No.”

  *■ Didn’t, eh? Said he would, though.”
The ancient mariner's tone expressed keen
disappointment. “ But it's all right, any-
how. I remembered what you like, Master
Hal. I been workin’ dog-gone hard to git
everythin' jest At fc-r you!"

  His voice sank to a mumble and grew
inaudible as he followed Hal into Snug
Haven. The captain and the doctor, left
alone, gazed at each other a long, eloquent
moment in the vague light. Neither spoke.
Filhiol turned, hobbled back to his chair
and sat down, puzzled and oppressed.

  Briggs drew up another chair and sank
into it wearily. The sound of Hal s feet
stumbling up the front stairs echoed with
torment through his soul. Was that the
stumbling of haste, or had the boy drunk
more than he had seemed to? The captain

took off his cap and let it fall to the porch-
floor. Not now did he take pains to hang
it meticulously on top of the rocking-chair.
He wiped his forehead with his silk hand-
kerchief, its gay colors now incongruous,
and groaned.

  The doctor, with courteous delicacy of
feeling, kept silence. He understood that
any word of his would prove inopportune.
But with pity and deep concern he studied
the face of Captain Briggs, its lines accentu-
ated by the light that shone out through
the window of the cabin.

  Presently the captain sighed deep and
began:

  “ I’m glad you're here on my quarter-
deck with me to-night, doctor. You're the
one man I’d have chosen to be aboard with
me. Things are all going wrong, sir, very
wrong. Barometer's way down, compass is
bedeviled, and seams are opening fore and
aft. It’s bad. doctor—very, very bad!”

  “ 1 see there’s something wrong, of
course,” said Filhiol with sympathy. " I
couldn’t help seeing that."

  “ Everything's wrong, sir. That grand-
son of mine—you—noticed just what was
the matter with him?"

  “ H-m! It's rather dark here, you know,”
hedged Filhiol, unwilling to hurt the feelings
of his old-time companion.

  “ Not so dark but what you understood,”
said Briggs grimly. “ It's no use blinking
facts. When there’s a storm brewing no
good navigator thinks he can dodge it by
locking himself in his cabin. And there is
a storm brewing this time, a hurricane, sir,
or I've missed all signals.”

  “ Just what do you mean, captain?”

  “ Violence, drink, women — wickedness
and sin!”

  “ Eh. what?"

  *• You smelled his breath, didn’t you?
You took an observation of his face?”

  “ Well, yes. He's been drinking a little,
of course; but maybe not a very great deal.
These boys in college—”

  “ He’s been drinking enough, sir. so that
he very nigh killed the skipper of the Sylvia
Fletcher, and there’ll be the devil to pay
about it. It was just luck there wasn’t
murder done before my very eyes. He’s
been drinking enough so as to wake up a
(TRSKD.

277

•black devil in his heart: Enough so he's
like a roaring bull after the first pretty girl
he.sights in the offing.''

  'There, there, captain:" The doctor
tried to soothe him, his thin and piping
voice making a strange contrast with the
captain’s booming bass. ' You're probably
exaggerating. A little exuberance may be
pardoned in youth." He tried to speak re-
assuringly. but his expression belied his
words. " Remember, captain, when you
were

   ■	That's just what's driving me on the
rocks with grief and despair:" the old man
burst out, gripping the arms of the rocker.
His face, by the light through the window,
had set itself Into a mask of agony. God
above! It's just the realization of my own
youth, flung back at me now, diat's like to
kill me! Chat boy. doctor, that boy. so
help me- why. he's thrown clean back fifty
years all at one dip'"

   •• Xo. no, not that!"

   " He has. 1 tell you! In deed and word
and thought he’s jumped back half a cen-
tury. H< don't belong in this age of air-
planes and wireless and ail that. He be-
longs back with the dipper-ships and with
the—"

   " That's all nonsense, captain, and you
know it: "

   " It's far from nonsense, doctor. There's
a bad strain somewhere in my blood. I've
been afraid a long time it was going to
crop out in Hal. but ! haven't said any-
thing. There's always been a tradition in
my family of rough and evil doings now and
then. I don't know anything certain about
it. though, except that my grandfather.
Amalfi Rriggs. died of bursting a blood-
vessel in his brain when he was in a fit of
rage. That was all that saved him from
being a murderer he died before he could
kill the other man!"

   Silence came. Silence, save for the piping
whistle of some urchin far up the road that
branched to northward round Croft Hill
-some homeward-bound urchin tunefully
keeping up his spirits as he passed the
cemetery. The ever-rising, falling suspira-
tion of the sea breathed its long caress
across the land, on which a vague, pale
sheen of starlight was descending.

  Suddenly, from above stairs, sounded a
dull, skimming sound as of a bureau-drawer
violently banged shut. Another slam fol-
lowed; and now came a grumbling that
could lie no other than muffled profanity.

  " All that saved my grandfather from
being hung as a murderer,” said Briggs
dourly, " was the fact that he dropped
dead himself before he could cut down the
other man with the ship-carpenter's adze he
had in his hand. That was a close shave
our fainily-tree had. If the old carpenter
had lived another five seconds we’d have
had one branch on it. anyhow, labeled
■.Murder!'"

  ’■ Yes.” thought the doctor. ” and you'd
have added another, if anything out East
had ever been known about you.” But,
stifling that uncharitable thought under the
ashes of long-dead years, he answered only;

  " Indeed? Your grandfather, so it seems,
must have been rather a hard specimen."

  •' Only when he was in anger. At other
times you never saw a more jovial soul!
But rage made a beast of him!"

  " Haw was your father?”

  •	Xot that way in the least. He was as
good, as upright, and consistently Christian
a man as ever breathed. My son—Hal's
father was a good man. loo. normal and
even-tempered. Xot a sign of that sort of
brutality ever showed in him."

   " I think you're worrying unnecessarily.”
judged the doctor. - Your grandson may-
be wild, untamed, and rough at times, but
he's tainted with 110 hereditary stain."

    1 don't know about that, doctor. I
wish I could believe it," said the captain
earnestly. " For a year or two past he’s
been showing more temper now and then
than a young man should, lie's not been
answering the helm very well. I'hcre’sbcen
a little minor trouble about it. Two or
three of the village people here have already
complained to me. But I’ve never been
really afraid till to-night. Xow. doctor,
now I am afraid- terribly, deadly afraid!”

  The old man's voice shook under the
weight and stress of his emotion. Filhiol
tried to smile.

   " You're needlessly disturbing yourself."
said he. - Let the dead past bury its dead!
Don’t open the old graves to let the ghosts
278

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

of other clays walk out again into the clear
sunset of your life.”

  “ God knows I don't want to!" the old
man exclaimed in a low. trembling voice.
“ But, doctor, suppose those graves open
themselves? Suppose they won't stay shut,
no, not though all the good deeds from here
to heaven were piled atop of them, to keep
them down? Suppose those ghosts rise up
in spite of everything that I can do and
stare me in the eyes and won't be banished
—what then?"

  “Stuff and nonsense!" gibed I'ilhiol,
though his voice was far from steady.
“ You’re not yourself, captain. You and
Hal have been quarreling and you’re both
unnerved. There’s nothing the matter with
that boy except high spirits and overflowing
animal passions."

  “No, no! I understand only too well
what Hal's in for—what I'm in for. God
is being very hard to me! 1 sinned, and
sinned grievous, in the long ago! We both
understand that. But I’ve done my very
best to pay the reckoning. Seems like 1
haven’t succeeded in paying. Seems like
God don’t forget! He's paying me now
with interest!"

  “Captain, you exaggerate!'’ the doctor
tried to assure him, but Briggs only shook
his head.

  “ It skips that way sometimes, don't it?”
asked he. “ Heredity skips that way?”

  “ Well—sometimes. It's been known to
happen. But, of course, that doesn't prove
anything.”

  “ No, it don't prove anything, but what
Hal did to-night docs!”

  “ You're borrow ing a lot of unnecessary
trouble, captain. The boy may be irascible,
combative, and rough. I tell you. He may
even drink a little. A great many young
men do. But—”

  “ Would a thing like that come on sud -
den that way?" demanded Briggs, paying
no heed to the doctor's platitudes, obviously
forced and insincere. “ Would it? That
kind of a mad hydrophobia of rage that
won’t listen to any reason but wants to
break and tear and kill? I mean, if that
kind of thing was in the blood, could it lay
hid a long time and then all of a sudden
burst out like that?”

  “ Well— yes. It might. But why do you
assume—”

  “ I seem to remember it was the same
with me the first time 1 ever had one of
those mad fils.” said the captain. " It came
on quick. It wasn't like ordinary getting
mad. It was a red torrent, insane, delirious,
and awful -something that caught me up
and carried me along on its wave—some-
thing 1 couldn't any more have fought
against than a dory could keep from going
ashore in the surf of an easterly hurricane.
When 1 saw Hal with his teeth grinning and
his eyes glassy and his lists red with .Mc-
Laughlin's blood, oh. it struck clean through
my heart!

  “ It wasn't any fear of either of them
getting killed that harpooned me. It wasn't
fear of complications and damages to pay.
No, no. ihuiiL'h such will be bad enough.
What struck me all of a heap, what wrung
me out and drained me dry. was to see my-
self. my very own self that used to be. If
I, Captain Alpheus Briggs, had been swept
back lo t SOS and set down on the deck of
the Silver Fleecc. Hal would have been my
exact double. I've seen myself just as I
was then, doctor, and it's shaken me in
every timber. There I stood, I. myself, in
Hal's person, after five decades of weary
time. I could sec the outlines of the same
black beard on the same kind of jaw—same
thick neck and bloody fists; and, oh, doctor,
the eyes of 1 Ini! His eyes! "

  “ His eyes?"

  “ Yes. In them I saw my old. wicked,
hell-elected self saw it glaring out. to
break and ravish and murder!"

  “ Captain Briggs! ’’

  “It’s true. I'm telling you. There’s no
exaggeration in it. and no lie! I've seen a
ghost this evening. A ghost—"

  He peered round fearfully in the dusk.
His voice low ered to a whisper.

  “ A ghost'" he repeated.

  Filhiol could not speak. Something cold,
prehensile, terrible, seemed fingering at his
heart! Ruddy, the Airedale, raised his
head, seemed to be listening, to be seeing
something the}- could not detect. In the
dog's throat a low growl muttered. ..

  “ What's that?" said the captain, every
muscle taut.
Cl RSKI).

279

   " N'othing. nothing," the doctor answered.
 " The dog probably hears some one down
 there by the hedge. This is all nonsense,
 captain. You’re working yourself into a
 highly nervous state and imagining all kinds
 of things. Now

      I tell you, I saw the ghost of my other
 self on the decks of the Sylvia Fletcher."
 insisted Briggs. " There's worse kinds of
 ghosts than those that hang round grave-
 yards in white robes. I've always wanted
 to see that kind and never have succeeded.
 N’ight after night I've been up there lo the
 little cemetery on Croft Hill, and leaned
 over the wall or gone inside and sat on the
 bench in our lot. just as friendly like and
 receptive as could be. waiting and ready t<>
 see whatever ghost might come to me. hut
 none ever came. I'm not afraid of the
 ghosts of the dead' It’s ghosts of the liviinr
 that strike a dread lo me ghosts of tin-
 past that ought to die and can't -ghosts of
 my own sins that God won’t lei lie in the
 grave of forgiveness
 “ S-/1-I1-I1!" exclaimed the doctor, lie
 leaned forward and laid a hand on the cap-
 tain's, which was clutching the arm of the
 rocker with a grip of steel. " I beg of you.
 my friend. I entreat you. don't give way to
 such folly! Perhaps Hal did drink a little,
 and perhaps he did do what any high-
 spirited youth would do if he could- whip
 a man who had insulted and tormented him.
 But that’s as far as it goes All this talk
 about ghosts and about some hereditary,
 devilish force cropping out again, is pure
 rubbish!"

   “ I wish to God above ii i. »/•> /" the old
 man groaned. " But 1 know it’s not. 1
 know! It's there, doctor: it's there. 1 tell
 you! It’s still alive and in the world, more
 terrible and more malignant than ever, a
 living, breathing thing, evil and venomous,
 hacked up with twice the intelligence and
 learning I ever had. with a fine, keen brain
 to direct it and with muscles of steel to do
 its bidding! Oh. God, I know. I know!"

   " Captain Briggs, sir," the doctor began.
 This is most extraordinary language from
 a man of your common sense. 1 really d<>
 not understand "

   " Hush! " interrupted the captain, raising
 his right hand On the stairway feet

 echoed, descending. - Hush! He's coming
 down!"

   Silent, tense they waited. 1‘he heavy
 footfalls reached the bottom of the stair and
 paused there a moment. Briggs and the
 doctor heard Hal grumbling something in-
 articulate to himself. Then he walked into
 the cabin.

CHAPTFR XXII.

l>K. III.Him. STANDS HY.

THROUGH the window that gave upon
the porch both men could see him.
though they themselves, in shadow,
were hardly visible to him. The cabin-lamp
over the captain's table shed soft rays upon
the boy as he stood there unconscious of
being observed.

   He remained motionless a moment, gaz-
 ing about him as one gazes at a familiar
 place after long absence, taking account of
 the room and of any little changes that had
 been wrought there in the. past months. At
 sight of him the old captain, despite all his
 hodings of evil, could not but thrill with
 pride and admiration of this clean-limbed,
 powerful-shouldered grandson, scion of the
 old stock, last survivor of his race, and hope
 of all its future existence.

   Hal took a step or two forward to the
 table. The lithe ease and grace and power
 of his stride impressed the doctor’s critical
 eye.

   "lie's all right enough, captain." said
 Filhiol in a low tone. “ There’s nothing the
 matter with him. He’s as normal as can he.
 He's just as Fve already told you—a case
 of overflowing animal spirits, strength, and
 energy. I.ord! What wouldn’t 1 give to be
 like that? What wouldn’t you again?"

   I wouldn’t stand in those boots of his
 for all the money in Lloyd’s!" returned the
 captain in a hoarse whisper. His left hand
 was holding hard to the arm of the chair;
 his right was stroking his white beard
 sure sign of perturbation. “ Not for all the
 money in the world, sir. For look you,
 doctor, I have lived my life and got wisdom.
 .My fires have burned low, leaving the ashes
 of peace or so I hope. But that lad there,
 ah! there’s fires and volcanoes enough
280

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

 ahead for him. I warrant you. Maybe those
 same fires will kindle up my ashes, too, and
 sear my heart and soul! Maybe there is
 no peace for me. 1 thought, after the life-
 journey I've sailed. I was entitled to heave
 anchor and lay in harbor a spell till 1 get
 my papers for the unknown port we don’t
 any of us come back from, but maybe I’m
 mistaken. Maybe that's not to be, doctor,
 after all.”

  “ What rubbish for a sane man to talk!”
retorted I'ilhiol, still speaking very low.
“ Look at him now. will you? Isn't he
quiet, peaceful, and normal enough for any-
body? See there, now, he's going to take a
book and sit down and read it like any
well-behaved young man.”

  “ Any well-behaved young man would
come out here on the quarter-deck and talk
to his skipper that he hasn't seen for six
months and to the guest aboard the craft!”
declared the captain. " Ah, well, I mustn't
hope for everything. If he'll only furl sail
now and keep off the rocks for a while,
that’s about all 1 can expect.”

  Hal had. indeed, taken a book from the
captain’s table and had sat down with it in
the big chair before the fireplace. He did
not, however, open the book. Instead, he
leaned back and gazed intently up at the
arsenal displayed against the cobblestones.
He frowned, nodded, and then broke into a
peculiar smile. His right fist clenched and
rose, as if in imagination he were gripping
one of those weapons, with Fergus Mc-
Laughlin in all probability as his immediate
target.

  A little silence fell once more, through
which faintly penetrated the far-off. nasal
minor of old Ezra, now (as he made the
final preparations for supper) engaged upon
an endless chantey recounting the life and
adventures of one “ Boney ” — alias Na-
poleon Bonaparte. For a minute peace
seemed to have descended upon Snug
Haven, but only for a minute. Once more
it was Hal who destroyed it.

  For all at once, with an oath of impa-
tience, he flung the book, crumpled, to the
floor. He stood up. thrust both hands deep
into his trouser-pockets. and fell to pacing
the floor in a temper obviously poisonous.

  Of a sudden he stopped, wheeled toward

the captain's little private locker built into
a corner of the cabin near the wall-safe and
strode to it. The locker door was secured
with a brass padlock of unusual strength.
Hal took the padlock between thumb and
fingers and twisted it off as easily as if it
had been made of putty. He flung open
the locker door, peered at the shelves a
moment, and then took down a bottle.

  He pulled the cork, seized a tumbler and
slopped it leveiful of whisky, which he
gulped without a wink. Then he smeared
his mouth with the back of his hand and
stood there evil-eyed and growling.

  “ Puh! That's rotten stuff!" he ejacu-
lated. “ Crandpop certainly does keep a
punk line of stuff here!" Back upon the
shelf he slammed the bottle and the glass.
“Wonder where that smooth Jamaica's gone
he used to have?"

  '■ God above! did you see that, doctor?"’
breathed the old captain, gripping at the
doctor’s hand. “ He downed that like so
much water. Isn't that the exact way I
used to swill liquor? By Judas priest. Fll
soon put a stop to //ml!"

  He would have risen, bent on instantly
precipitating the issue with Hal, but Filhiol
restrained him.

  “Wait!” he cautioned as the two old
men leaned forward in their chairs, peering
in, unseen, through the window. “ Even
that sort of drinking doesn’t prove the in-
nate depravity and original sin you seem
so determined to lav at the boy’s door. He’s
tired and unnerved after his fight with Mc-
Laughlin. When 1 used to go through a
severe siege, in the active days of my work
—after a trying operation, or what not—
sometimes I ve taken some pretty stiff
drinks myself. Let's see what he’ll do next.
If we're going to judge him accurately,
we've got to watch a while.”

  Old Briggs sank back into his chair, and
with eyes of misery followed the boy, idol
of all his love, hope of all his dreams. Hal's
next move was not long delayed.

  " Ezra!” they heard him call in a harsh,
imperative voice. “ You, Ezra! Come
here!"

  The chantey of the life and adventures
of X. Bonaparte came to a sudden end in
the galley. A moment and Ezra appeared
CURSED.

281

in the doorway leading from the cabin to
the dining-saloon.

  " Well, Master Hal, what is it?’’ smiled
the cook, beaming with affection and with
pleasurable anticipation of the treat he
was just now laying on the table for his
cherished Hal. Ezra looked the part of sea-
cook to perfection. Apron, cap, and all
were quite correct, and in one hand he held
a “ copper,” just such as aboard the Silver
Fleece had heated water for the scalding of
the Batu Kawan folk. " What d'vou want.
Master Hal?”

  “ Look here, Ezra. " said the boy ar-
rogantly, " I've been trying to find the rum
that grandpop always keeps in there." He
jerked a thumb at the locker. " Couldn't
locate it, so I’ve been giving this whisky a
trial, and—”

  “ When whisky an’ young men lay 'long-
side one another, the whisky don’t want a
trial. It wants lynchiiv!" The old cook's
tone was of stern reproval.

  “That’ll do for you! I’m not asking
your opinion! ” sneered Hal.

  “ Yes, but Fm givin’ it, Master Hal,”
persisted Ezra, advancing into the cabin.
“ When the devil goes fishin’ fer boys, he
sticks a petticoat an' a bottle o’ rum on the
hook."

  " Get me the Jamaica, you! Where's the
old Jamaica?" demanded Hal with growing
anger. “ I've got no time for your line of
bull!”

  “ Lots that ain't got no time for nothin’
in this world will have time to burn in the
next! You’ll get no rum from me, Master
Hal. An’ what’s more, if I’d ha’ thought
you was goin’ to slip your cable an' run
ashore in any such dognation fool way on
a wave o’ booze, first thing you come home,
I’d of hid the whisky where you wouldn't
of run it down! ”

  “ You'd have hidden it!” echoed Hal, his
face darkening, the veins on neck and fore-
head beginning to swell. “ You’ve got the
infernal nerve to stand there—you. a serv-
ant—and tell me you’d hide anything away
from me in my own house?”

   “ This here craft is registered under your
grandpa’s name an’ is sailin’ under his
house-flag,” the old cook reminded him.
His face was still bland and leathery as

ever, but in his eyes lurked a queer little
gleam. “ It ain’t the same thing at all—
not yet.”

   " Damn your infernal lip!” shouted Hal,
advancing toward him. Captain Briggs,
quivering in every fiber, half-rose from his
chair and was restrained from pegging away
into the house only by the doctor’s hand.
“ You’ve got the damned impudence to
stand there and—and dictate to me?"

   “ Master Hal,” retorted Ezra with won-
derful, with admirable self-restraint, “you
are goin' too far, young man. You are sail-
in' a bit too wide o’ your course now.
There’s breakers ahead, sir. Look out!”

   " 1 believe you’ve been at the square-face
of Jamaica yourself, you thieving son of
Satan!" snarled Hal. “You and your
sniveling platitudes make me sick. I’ll not
stand here parleying with a servant. Get
me that Jamaica now or I'll break your
damned, obstinate neck!"

  " Now. Master Hal. I warn you—”

   " To hell with you!"

    With me. Master Hal? With old Ezra?”
“ With everything that stands in my
way! ”

   Despite Hal's furious rage the steadfast
old sailorman still resolutely faced him.
Captain Briggs, now again hearing almost
the identical words he himself had poured
out in the cabin of the Silver Fleece, at
Batu Kawan, sank back into his chair with
a strange, throaty gasp.

   •' Doctor! ” he gulped. " Hear that? Do
you hear that?”

   •' Wait! S-li-lt-h!" the doctor cautioned,
leaning forward. " This is very strange.
It is, by Jove, sir! Some extraordinary
psychological parallel, some amazing coin-
cidence, or—”

   ‘‘ Next thing you know he’ll knock Ezra
down! ” whispered the captain, staring. He
seemed paralyzed, incapable of movement,
as though tranced by the scene now being
acted in the cabin of Snug Haven as on a
stage. “ That's what I did to the cabin-
boy, or tried to. when my run was wrong.
Remember? It’s all coming round again,
doctor. It’s a nightmare in a circle — a
fifty-year circle! Remember Kuala Pahang?
She—she died! I wonder what woman’s
got to die this time?”
282

ALL-STORY WEEKLY

  " That's all pure poppycock!" the doctor
ejaculated, lnu his words sounded none too
sure. He was trembling in ;i violent nerve-
crisis. With a great effort, leaning heavily
on his stick, he arose. Captain Briggs, loo.
shook off the spell that seemed to grip him
and stood up.

  "Hal!" he tried to call but his voice
failed him. lie could produce no more than
a choking gasp. Turning, he lurched to-
ward (he front door.

  From within sounded a cry. Came a
trampling noise. Something clattered to the
floor.

  "Hal! My God, Hal!” the captain
shouted hoarsely, his voice returning under
siress of terrible emotion.

  As he reached the door Ezra came stag-
gering out into the hall, a hand pressed to
his face.

  " Ezra! What is it?’’ choked the captain.
" What's he done? For Heaven’s sake,
Ezra, what's Hal done to you?”

  For a moment the old man could make no
answer. Limply he sagged against the
newel-post, a pitiful, sorry picture of grief
and pain. The captain reached him, put
an arm about his shoulders, and with burn-
ing indignation cried:

  " What did he do? Hit you?”

  Ezra shook his head in stout negation.
Even through all the shock and suffering of
the blow that Hal had dealt him, his loyalty
remained sublimely constant.

  " Hit me? Why, no, sir,” he tried to
smile, though his lips were w'hite and tremu-
lous. “ He wouldn't strike old Ezra, Master
Hal wouldn’t. There’s no mutiny or war
aboard this little craft of ours. Two gentle-
men may disagree, an’ all that, but as fer
Master Hal strikin’ me, no. sir!”

  " But I heard him say
" Oh, that’s nothin’, cap'n." the old cook
insisted, still, however, keeping hi.- cheek-
bone covered with his hand. " Boys will be
boys, an’ some of 'em git a leetle mite sassy,
now an' then. They’re a bit loose with their
jaw-tackle, maybe. But there, there, don’t
you git all har’red up, captain. Men an’
pins is jest alike, that way—no good ef they
lose their heads. Ca’m down, cap’n.
Master Hal didn't mean nothin' by what he
said. Xot a thing in this world, sir! "

  •	What - thai on your face. Ezra?
Blood?"

  "Blood, sir? Why. no, sir. How would
blood git on my dog-gone face, anyhow?
That's- h-m " .

  " Don't you lie to me, Ezra! I'm not
blind. He struck you. didn't he? He cut
you with something. What was it?"

  " Honest to God. cap'll, he never!" the
old salt persisted, with brazen determina-
tion. “ I admit we had a bit of an argy-
ment, an’ I slipped an' kind of fell ag’in'
the the binnacle, cap'll. Now that's the
livin’ truth, so help me! I swear that 011
the ship’s Bible!"

  “ Don’t you stand there and perjure your
immortal soul just to shield that boy!"
Briggs sternly reproved him. loving the old
man all the more for the brave lie. ’* Don'!
you do it, sir. But 1 know you will, any-
how. What authority have I got aboard my
own ship these days, when 1 can’t even
get the truth? Ezra, you wouldn’t admit it.
you wouldn’t own up to it, if Hal took that
kris in there and cut your head off!”

  " IIow could I then, sir?"

  " That ’11 do, P2zra! Where is he now?"

   “ I don’t know, sir.”

  "I’ll damn soon find out!" the captain
exclaimed, stung to the first profanity of
years. He turned from Ezra and tramped
into the cabin, fists clenched, face terrible
with anger.

   “ Come here, sir! ” he cried in a tone that
never before had been heard in Snug
Haven.

  XTo answer. Hal was not there. X'either
was the bottle of whisky. That, too, had
disappeared, evidently snatched from the
locker shelf when Hal had departed. A
chair had been tipped over, and on the
floor lay the captain’s most cherished pos-
session. hi.- wonderful chronometer, face-
down and with shattered glass. In the
struggle, whatever it had been, that precious
thing had been struck from the mast that
rose beside the captain’s table.

  This destruction, joined to the sight of
Ezra’s innocent blood, seemed to freeze the
captain’s narrow. He stood there quite mo-
tionless a moment, staring. Then, wide-
eyed, he peered round.

  “ Mutiny and bloodshed!” he whispered.
CURSED.

283

“ Mutiny and blood, aboard my craft! God
deliver us from what’s to be!"

  At sight of the open door leading into
the dining-saloon, his bushy white brows
contracted. Thither Hal must have re-
treated. The captain, terrible in wrath,
strode through the open door.

  ‘•Hal Briggs, sir!" he called crisply.
“• Come here!”

  A creaking of the back stairs constituted
the only answer. Into the galley the cap-
tain hurried, and up those stairs. As he
reached the top he heard the door of Hal's
room shut, and the key turn.

  To the door he stamped, a figure of
avenging indignation.

  “ You. sir!” he cried, knocking violently
at the panels.

  Only silence answered him. He knocked
again. A voice issued:

  “ It's no use. gramp. I’m not coming
out. and you're not coming in. It’s been
nothing but hell, one way or another, ever
since I struck this damn place. It began
with McLaughlin picking on me. and every-
body else seems to be keeping it up. If it
doesn't stop I’m going to get mad and do
some damage round here, and that goes!

I don't want any of Ezra’s lamb and plum-
cake. What does he think I am, anyhow, a
kid? Regular nursery layout. Not for
mine, thanks! All 1 want now is to be let
alone. That's all I'm going to say. Go
'way, and don't bother me!”

  •• Hal! Open that door, sir!”

  Never a word came back. Quite unfruit-
fully the captain knocked and argued, en-
treated, threatened; he got no reply.

   At last, realizing that his grandson occu-
pied the tactical advantage, and that he was
only lowering his dignity and making him-
self absurd by such vain efforts, the cap-
tain turned and departed. His eyes glow-
ered strangely as he made his way down-
stairs, into the front hall.

  Ezra had disappeared. But the old doc-
tor was standing in the hallway, under the
gleam of a ship's lantern that hung there.

   " Captain,” said he with timid hesitation,
as he clutched his supporting cane and
peered through his glasses. “ Captain. I
fee! that my presence in this house at this
particular time may add to your sense of

embarrassment. Therefore, I think I had
best return to Salem this evening. If you
will kindly ask Ezra to harness up my horse
in case he's able I'll be obliged.”

  “I’ll do nothing of the kind, doctor!”
Briggs interrupted stoutly. “ You’re my
friend and my guest, and you're not going
to be driven out by any such exhibition of
brutal bad manners as we’ve had here to-
night. I ask you, sir, to stay.”

  " You really mean that, captain? You
know. I can manage the drive to Endicutt
quite well, and there, of course, I can get the
10.17 southbound train.”

   •	You’ll take no train and no drive to-
night. sir!" The captain tugged excited-
ly at his beard; his eyes threw fire. “I
haven't seen you for fifty years, sir; and you
do no more than lay ’longside, and then
want to hoist canvas again and beat away?
Xever, sir! Here you stay, to-night, aboard
me. There's a cabin and as nice a berth
as any seafaring man could ask, all real for
you. Stay to-morrow—stay a week, sir,
if you will. Cruise with me, a week, on the
ocean of memories. Go and leave me now,
would you? Xot much, sir!”

  “If you really want me to stay, cap-
tain—”

   Briggs took the doctor by the hand and
looked steadily into his anxious face.

   “ Listen," said he, in a deep, quiet tone.
“ I’m in trouble, doctor. Deep, black, bit-
ter trouble. You can see that: you under-
stand. Xobody in this world but you can
help me steer a straight course now, if
there’s any way to steer one, which God
grant! Stand by me now, doctor. You did
once before on the old Silver Fleece. I’ve
got your stitches in me yet. Xow, after
fifty years. I need you again, though it's
worse this time than any knife-cut ever was.
Stand by me, doctor, for a little while.
That's all I ask. Stand by!”

CHAPTER XXIII.

SL'xsiriNi:.

THE miracle of a new day's sunshine—
June sunshine, golden over warm,
green earth, foam-collared shore and
shining sea brought in its train another
284

Al.I. STORY WKKKI.Y

miracle almost as great as that which hail
transformed the somber night to radiant
morning. This miracle was the complete
reversal of the situation at Snug Harbor,
and the return of peace and happiness. Hut
all this cannot be told in two breaths. We
must not run too far ahead of where our
story leads us.

  So, to go on in orderly and decent fash-
ion we must know that Ezra's carefully [ire-
pared supper, the subject of such long and
affectionate thought, turned out to be a
sad. a melancholy failure. Other, it could
not be. The somber dejection of the three
old men at table, and then the miserable
evening of the captain and the doctor on
the piazza, talking of old days with infinite
regret, of the present with grief and humilia-
tion, of the future with black bodings. made
a sorry time of it all.

   N'ight brought but little sleep to Captain
Briggs. The doctor, worn out by a day of
unaccustomed exertions, slept well enough;
and Ezra, quite without nerves, seconded
him. Rut the good fortune of oblivion
was not for the old captain. Through what
seemed a black eternity he lay in the bunk
in his cabin, pondering, brooding, agoniz
ing, listening to the murmurous restlessness
of the sea. the slow tolling of hours from
the tall clock in the hallway. I he cessation
of the ticking of his chronometer seemed to
leave a strange vacancy in his soul. Deeply
he mourned it.

  After an infinite time, half-sleep won
upon him. troubled by ugly dreams and
visionings of Batu Kawan and the sluggish,
fever-stricken Timbago River, the straits,
the battle, the slave-driving Ivory Coast.
Alpheus Briggs seemed to behold again the
stifling huts and alleyways of the Malay
town, the carabaos and chattering gharri-
men, the pedlers and whining musicians,
the smoky torch-flares and dark, slow-mov-
ing river. He seemed to smell, once more,
the odors of spice and curry, the smoke of
torches and wood fires, the dank and reek-
ing mud of the marshy, fever-bitten shore.

  \nd then the vision changed. He was
at sea again: he was witnessing the death of
Scurlock and the boy. the death of the girl.
Kuala Pahang, in the blood-tinged, shark-
teeming waters. Came the battle with the

Malays, in all its horror, exaggerated by
the grotesque exaggeration? of a dream: and
then ihe torments of the hell-ship. cargoing
slaves from the Ivory Coast to Cuba. The
old captain seemed stifled b\ the reek anil
welter of that freight; he seemed to hear
i heir groans and cries and all at once he
heard again, as in a voice from infinite dis-
tances. the curse of Shiva, flung at him by
Hengan Jouga. witch woman of the Malay
tribesmen:

   •' I he evil spirit will pursue you. even beyond
llu: wind, even beyond ihe Silken Sea! Vishnu
will repay you! Dead men shall come from their
•-•raves, like wolves, lo follow you. Birds of
ihe ocean foam will poison you. I.ife will become
in you a thins more terrible than the venom of
lhi’ katclnihon" flower, ami evil seed will grow
within your hear I.

   " Evil -ecd will u:row anil flourish there, dtag-
uina you down to death, down to the longing for
death, anil yet you cannot die! And the blind
face in the sky will watch you, sahib- watch you.
and launh, because you cannot die! That is ihe
curse of Vishnu on your soul

  In the captain's dream, the groaning and
crying of the wounded and perishing men
aboard the Silver Fleece men struck down
in the battle of Motomolo Strait, all for the
captain's bull-headed clinging to the girl
,-eemed to blend with that of the dying
slaves. \nd gradually all this echoing agony
transmuted itself into a kind of sinister and
terrible mirth, a horrifying, ghastly laughter,
far and strange, ceaseless, monotonous,
maddening.

  Somewhere in a boundless sky of black,
the captain seemed to behold a vast spiral,
whirling, ever whirling, in and in; and at
its center, vague, formless yet filled with
demoniac menace, he dimly saw a blind face

  more than a blind face, but it had never
had eyes -an eyeless face, indeed, that still
for all its blindness seemed to be watching
him. And as it watched, it laughed, bloorl-
freezingly.

  Captain Briggs roused to his senses, lie
found himself sitting up in bed. by the open
window, through which drifted the solemn
roar and hissing back-wash of a rising surf.
A pallid moon-crescent, tangled in spun
gossamer-fabric of drifting cloud, cast tenu-
ous, fairy shadows across the garden. Star-
ing. the captain rubbed his eyes.

i
CURSED.

285

  “ Judas priest!" he muttered. “ What—
where— Ah! Dreaming, eh? Only dream-
ing? Thank God for that!”

  Then, with a pang of transfixing pain,
back to him surged memories of what had
happened last night. For a moment he sat
there, thinking. Then he slid out of bed.
struck a match and looked at his watch.
The hour was just a bit after two.

  Noiselessly Briggs crept from his room,
climbed the stairs, slipped down the pas-
sageway, and came to Hal’s door. Awake
though the old man now was, the menace
of the curse of Kuala Pahang still weighed
terribly upon him. Something of the vague
superstitions of the sea, superstitions that o
man, be he never so materialistic, can quite
escape if he follows the great waters long
enough, seemed to have infused themselves
into the captain's blood. Shuddering, he
remembered the curse that now for many
years had lain forgotten in die dusty
archives of his youth; remembered even
more than he had dreamed; remembered
another curse laid on him by the ncnck ka-
bayan, the witch-woman—that strange, yel-
low, ghostlike creature which had come
upon him silently over his rum and gam-
bling in the cabin of the hell-ship:

   " Something you love—love more than your own
life—will surely die. You will die then, but still
you will not die. You will pray for death, but
death will mock and will not come!"

  The old captain shivered as he stood be-
fore the door of Hal’s room. Suppose the
ancient curse really had power, what then?
Suppose it should strike Hal, and drag him
down—suppose Hal should die! What
then ?

  For a moment he heard nothing within
the room, and his old heart nearly stopped,
altogether. But almost at once he per-
ceived a sound, rhythmic, gentle—Hal’s
breathing, quiet and natural as that of a
child.

  “Oh. thank God!” the captain mur-
mured. his heart and soul suddenly expand-
ing with gratitude, with blest relief after
fear. He remained there a little while,
keeping silent vigil at the door of his well-
loved boy, the very door that Hal so brutal-
ly had locked in his face and refused to

open. Then, quite satisfied that all was
well, he retraced his steps, got back into

bed.	and so presently fell into a very deep
and peaceful slumber.

  A knocking at his door awoke him, to-
gether with the voice of Ezra:

  “ Cap'n Briggs, sir! It's six bells o’
the mornin’ watch. Time to turn out!”
The captain blinked and rubbed his eyes.

   -	Come in, Ezra,” bade he, mustering his
wits. “ 11-m! ” he grunted at sight of Ezra’s
cheek-bone, now black-and-blue, with an
ugly cut across it. “ The doctor up yet?”
'• Yes. sir. He’s been cruisin’ out round
the lawn an' garden an hour or some such
matter. He’s a real interestin’ old saw-
bones. ain't he? But he’s too kind o’
mournful like about his nerves to set right
on my stomach. Kind of a pessimist like,
only happy when he’s miserable. -Men's
different, that way, sir. Some heaves a
sigh, where others would heave a brick.”

  “ That ’II do, Ezra. What’s there to
record on the log, so far?” asked Briggs,
anxiously. •• Anything at all?”

   “ Well, yes, sir, quite some. First thing
I get on deck this a.m. I'm boarded by old
Joe Pringle, the pedler from Kittery. Joe,
he wanted to sell us anythin’ he could—
a jew's-harp, history o’ the world in nine
volumes. Salvation Salve, a phonograft, a
Ready Letter-writer, an Eyetalian queen-

bee,	a—”

   “ Hold hard! I don’t care anything about
Joe. What's the news this morning about—
about You know what I mean, Ezra!”
“ News, sir? Well, I got seven eggs, fer
one thing, an' the white Leghorn’s bringin’
off a nestful. Five’s hatched already. Na-
ture's funny, ain't it? We git chicken from
eggs, an’ eggs from chickens, an’—”

  “ Will you stop your fool talk and get
down to business?" demanded the captain
with some heat. Tie sat up in bed and
peered at Ezra with disapproval. To his
lips he could not bring a direct question
about the boy: and Ezra, sparring for time,
was equally unwilling to introduce the sub-
ject, fearing lest some word of blame might
be spoken against his idol. “ Tell me some
news, I say!” the captain ordered.

“ News, cap'n? Well. Dr. Filhiol, there,
fed his. nag enough of our chicken-feed to
286

Al.I.-STORY WKKKI.N

last us a week. That old plug el like it '<1
never had a fillin' up. The doc, he calls
the critter Xed. Hut I think Sea Lawyer
would be 'bout right fer a name."

  " Sea Lawyer? How’s that?"

  " Well, sir. it cun draw a conveyance, if
it has to. but it's dog-gone poor at it.”

  " I’ll thank you to stop your foolishness.
Ezra, and tell me what I want to know.
Since you make me name it. I will. How's
Hal this morning? Where is he. and what's
he doing?"

  " Master Hal? Why. he - nil right. sir.
As right as can be."

    He is. eh?’- The captain's hands were
clenched with nervousness. " You've seen
him?"

  Ezra nodded assent.

  " Don’t ye worry none about Master
Hal,” said he gravely. " Don't ye worry.
Worry’s wuss 'n a dozen leaks an’ no pump
Ef ye must worry, worry somebody else.
That’s my say."

  “ What's the boy doing? Drinking
again?"

  “ Xot a drink, cap'n. .Now as regards
that, my idea about liquor is-

   Judas priest!" interrupted Briggs.
“ You’ll drive me crazy with your philoso-
phizings! ff the world was coming to an
end you’d argue with Gabriel. You say
Hal’s not touched it this morning?"

  “ Xary drop, sir."

  •• Oh, that’s good news!"

  " Good news is like a hard-biled egg.
cap'n. You don’t have to break it easy.
Hal’s fine an' fit this momin', sir. Fresh an'
handsome as a new schooner jest off ‘n the
ways. 1 thought maybe he might hunt
a little tot o’ rum. a little grog this mornin'.
but no: no. sir, he’s sober as a deacon, an'
seven thousand times a finer man than any
deacon ever / see. The way he come an’
apologized was as han’some as he is him-
self."

  " Apologized? Who to?"

  " Me an’ the doctor. First thing he .■'ec-
us. out to the barn, he come an’ begged our
pardons, in some o' the dog-gonedest pur-
tiest language 1 ever clapped an ear to. He’s
a slick one. Master Hal is. Everythin's all
right an’ fergot an’ forgave, between Master
Hal an’ the doctor an' I. After he apolo-

gized he went fer a swim, down to Geyser
Rock."

   Did, eh? He's wonderful in the water,
isn't he? Xot another man in this town
dares take that dive. I I'm mighty glad
he had the heart and decency to apologize
to you. Lzra. I don't say just that alone
can make everything all right again. There's
breakers enough ahead yet, but Hal’s steer
ing the right course now. lie’s proved him-
self a man anyhow. Last night I’d almost
lost faith in him and in all humanity."

   ■	It ain't so important fer a man to have
faith in humanity as fer humanity to have
faith in him." affirmed the old cook. " Xow.
cap'n. you git up, please-. Breakfast's 'most
ready, an' you'll want to see Master Hal
afore it. The hoard of arbitration will want
to have a session with him. When 1 was
a young un. the only board my old man
arbitrated with was a spruce paddle."
Ezra's lank, solemn face assumed an expres-
sion of more than human gravity. “ Older
I got. bigger the board got. till at last I up
an' run away. Listen to me, cap'n, no mat-
ter what kind of arbitration you use, don't
never drive that boy out, same's I was
drove. I know Master Hal’s sound an’
good at heart. But he’s had his own head
too long now fer you to try rough tactics."

   Rough! When was 1 ever rough with
Hal?"

   •	Mebbe if you had of been a few times
when he was small reasonable rough, y'
understand- it d of been better. But it's
too late now fer that. He's as full o' life an'
vigor as the Sea Lawyer ain't. Let him
keep his sperrit. cap'n. Let him keep all
canvas aloft: but hold a hard helm on him.
Hold it hard!"

   The sound of singing somewhere down
across the road toward the shore, drew the
old captain's attention out the window.
Striding home from his morning plunge and
>wim. Hal was returning to Snug Harbor.
" coming up with a song from the sea."

   The captain got up. put on his bathrobe
and girded it about him. then went to the
window and sat down there in a chair. He
leaned his crossed arms on the sill, and
peered out. anxiously enough, at Hal. Ezra,
meanwhile, discreetly withdrew.

   \'o si"n seemed visible on Hal of last
CURSED.

287.

night's mad rage and warfare. Sleep, and
a clean shave, joined to the exhilaration
of battling with the savage surf along the
face of Geyser Rock, had swept away all
traces of his brutality. Molded into his
wet bathing-suit that revealed every line
of that splendidly virile body, he drew near.

  All at once he caught sight of Captain
Briggs, leaning from the window. He
stopped his song there by the lantern-
flanked gateway, and waved a hand of
greeting.

  “ Top o' the morning to you, grand-
father!” cried he in a strong, vibrant tone,
that echoed from his high-arched chest with
sonorous power. There he stood, a living
sculpture of young manhood, overflooded
with life, strength, spirits. His body
gleamed with glistening brine; his face,
lighted by a smile of boyish frankness, shone
in the morning sun. His thick, black hair
that he had impatiently combed straight
back with his fingers, dripped sea-water on
his bronzed, muscular shoulders. Thus,
there he stood at the gate, looking up with
a kind of waiting anxiety at the old cap-
tain in the cabin window.

 “God, what a man!” the captain
thought. “ That chest, those arms! Hard
as nails, and ridged with sinews. He’s only
twenty-one or so, but he's better than ever
I was, at my best!”

  And once again, in spite of all his sor-
row and forebodings, he felt his old heart
thrill, beat high, expand with pride and
hope—hope that, through all narrow straits,
beyond all towering barriers, still reached
out to lay eager hold upon the future and
its dreams.

  “ I’ll be ready for you in a few minutes,”
was the prosaic enough remark that came
to utterance from the captain’s lips. “ I
want to see you, sir, before breakfast.”

  Hal grinned boyishly, and nodded com-
prehension. From the hedge he broke a
little twig, and held it up.

  “ Here’s the switch, gramp,” said he
whimsically. “ You’d better use it now,
while I’ve got bare legs.”

  The old man had to smile. He leaned
a little further from the window, and with
eyes of profound affection gazed at Hal.
Sunlight on his head, and Hal’s, struck out

wonderful contrasts of snow and jet. The
luminous, celestial glow of a June morning,
on the New England coast—a morning su-
preme in warmth and color, in the per-
fumes of sea and shore, of tree and vine and
flower, a morning gemmed with billions of
dewdrops flashing on leaf and lawn, a morn-
ing overbrooded by azure deeps of sky un-
clouded-folded the world in beauty.

   A sense of completion, of fulfilment of the
work of loveliness compassed everything.
Autumn looks back, wistfully, regretfully,
at all that was. Winter shivers between
memories and hopes. Spring hopes, indeed,
more strongly still—but June fulfils, com-
pletes. and, resting, says: “ Behold!”

   Such was that morning; and the captain,
looking at his boy, so deeply loved, felt
something of its magic expanding, soothing,
calming the troubled heart within him. On
the lawn of Snug Haven, two or three robins
were busy in the traditional work of proving
how very indiscreet a worm is to be an early
worm. Another robin, teetering high on
the plumy, green-feather crest of a shadow-
ing elm. was emptying its heart of melody.

  For a long minute, old man and young
man looked steadily at each other. Then
Hal came along, up the white-sanded walk,
between the two precisely arranged rows of
polished conch-shells. Swinging onward
with the ease of perfect and coordinated
strength, he passed the flagpole and the
brass cannon, and stopped at the old man's
window.

  “ Grandfather,” said he in a low tone,
“ will you listen to me, please?”

  " What have you got to say, sir?’’ de-
manded Briggs, and stiffened his resolution.
Too easily, too quickly had it melted as he
had looked at this well-loved grandson, in
whom all hopes were centered. “ Well, sir,
what have you got to say?'’

   “ Listen, grandfather,” answered Hal, in
a straightforward and very manly way, that
harmonized with his clear, blue-eyed look,
and with the whole air of ingenuous and
boyish contrition that enveloped him. He
crossed his bare arms over his powerful
chest, looked down a moment at the sand,
dug at it a little with a toe, and then once
more raised his head. “ Listen, please. I’ve
got just one thing to beg of you. And that
288

ALL STORY WKKK.LY

is, pleas*' don't lecture me. and dun ! In-
harsh. I stand here absolutely penitent,
grandfather, begging to be forgiven. I've
already apologized to Hr. Filhiol and I-'.zra.
you know-

  '• So I understand.'' jmi in Briggs. still
striving hard to make h.is voice sound un-
compromising. ' Well?"

  " Well, grandfather - as for apologizing
to you, that's kind of a hard proposition,
it isn't that 1 don't want to. hut you know,
the relations between us have been so close
that it's pretty hard to make up a regular,
formal apology. You and I aren't on a
basis where I really could apologize, as I
could to anybody else—-or almost anybody
else. But I can say this, that I certainly
did act the part of a brute and a ruffian
on the Sylvia Fletcher, and 1 was certainly
a rotter here last night. There'* only one
other thing—"

  •• And what is that, sir?" demanded
Hriggs. -stifling the impulse he had, to
stretch out his hand to Hal and bid him
say no more. The captain still maintained
his judicial aloofness, despite all cravings
of the heart. " What is that?"

  •• I—you may not believe it. gramp. but
it's true, anyhow. I really don't remember
hardly anything about what happened
aboard the schooner or here. I suppose 1
must be one of those fellows that can’t stand
even a couple of drinks. It all seems vague
and hazy to me now. like a kind of night-
mare. or something. It’s all indistinct and
shifting, as if it weren't me at all. but
somebody else. I feel just as if I'd been
landing and watching another man do the
things that I really know I myself did do.

I tell myself 1 did them, and 1 know 1 did.
but some way T can't seem to make it conn-
real. The real feeling is that somebody else
took my body and used it. and made it do
things that I myself didn’t want it to do.
Hut I was powerless to stop it. Grampy.
I'm telling you this to get out of being
blamed. I’m telling it because it's true,
true, true!"

  He paused, looking at his grandfather
with eyes of intense and tragic seriousness.
Old Hriggs shivered slightly, and drew the
bathrobe more tightly round his shoulders.

  '• Go on, Hal." said he.

    Wei!, grandfather, there isn't much
more to say." answered the boy. " I know
there'II be consequences, and I'm willing to
face them. I'm ready to stand all the gaff
that’s coming if you'll only let me live this
thing down and make good with you and
'come back.' I'll cut out the booze al-
together. It was foolish of me to get into
it at all. hut you know how it is at college?’’

  "Yes. I can imagine. Hal.”

    They all kidded me. for not drinking
a little, and so well. I'm not trying to lay
the blame on them, you understand. It's
my own fault, right enough. Anyhow. I'm
done. You'll forget it and forgive it. won't
\oil, grandpa?"

     Will I, my bo\ ?" the old man answered,
in a tremulous voice. He blinked to keep
back the tear-. That’s a question you
don't have to ask. You know the answer,
already! "

  " You really mean that, gramp?" ex-
claimed Hal. with boyish gladness and en-
thusiasm. "If I face the music, whatever
it is. and keep away from any encores, will	1

you let me by. this time?"	g

  The captain could answer only by stretch	a

ing out his hand and gripping Hal's. The
boy took his old. wrinkled hand in a grip
heartfelt and powerful. Thus for a moment	*

the two men. old and young, one on life's	a

descending .-lope, the other climbing its	4

first heights, feit the strong pressure of
palms that cemented contrition and for-
giveness. The captain was the first to
speak.

  " Everything's all right now. Hal." said
he. "so far's I'm concerned. That's the
most important part of it. Whatever's
wrong, oul.-ide Snug Haven, can be and
will be made right I know you've had
your lesson, boy.’’

  " 1 should say >«»! And what a lesson!

1 don't need a second."

  " Xo. no. You’ll remember this one, right
enough. Well. now. least said soonest
mended. It was pretty shoal water there,
one while. I’retty dognation shoal. Put
we’re floating again, and we've got the
coast better charted, now. Xot going to
run on to any more sandbars, are we? Ah.
there's Kzra blowing his bosun’s whistle
now. for breakfast: and me. captain of this
CURSED,

289

craft, not dressed yet. .No, nor you either.
Mr. Mate. Go aloft with you now, sir.
Let's see which of us gets to mess-table
first!"

CHAPTER XXIV

DARKENING SHADOW-.

BREAKFAST served in the sunny
dining-saloon on a regulation ship's
table, with swivel-chairs screwed to
the floor and with a rack above for tumblers
and plates- made up by its good spirits and
its overflowing happiness for all the grief
and heartache of the night before. Hal.
expansive with the well-being of the reaction
from his swim, and glad in the lustration
of his grandfather's forgiveness, radiated
life and high spirits. The captain's fore-
bodings of evil had been put quite away,
had vanished in his newly-revivified hopes.
Dr. Filhiol became downright cheerful, and
so far forgot his nerves as to drink a cup of
weak coffee. As for Ezra, he seemed in his
best form. Taking his cue from the hoy's
holiday attire of flannels, that truly made
a civilized Apollo of him, the old cook
slipped in a variety of sly innuendos.

  " Judgin’ by them 'ar white pants, Master
Hal. an' by that 'ar necktie an’ them
shoes." said he. as Hal breakfast done-
lighted his pipe and blew smoke up into
the sunlit air. " an’ also rememberin’ the
fact that it’s Saturday an' no school keepin ,

I	cal’late Laura Maynard's got jest the
same chances of not takin' a walk with a
young man. this mornin'. that Ruddy, here,
has got of learnin' them heathen Chinee
books o' vourn. Well, hail that craft an'
speak her fair, ef ye so desire. It says in
the sacred Bible to love v'r neighbor as
y'rself: so you got Scripture backin’ fer
Laura."

  “ Plus the evidence of im own senses,
Ezra,” laughed the boy. easily. ” Heighol ”
He stretched his powerful arms and drew
with satisfaction at his pipe. His freshly
shaven, well-tanned face with those now
placid blue eves of his, and with that thick
grown black hair crowning the well-modeled
head, seemed'to have no possible relation-
ship with the mask of viciousness, of animal

   8	A-S

hate and rage that it had been the night
before.

  liven the blow that Hal had received had
left but little mark on that vigorous, healthy
ilesh. As he sat there, smoking and observ-
ing L/.ra with an amused twinkle in his
look, he appeared no other than an ex-
traordinarily well-grown, powerfully de-
veloped young man. Could it be, after all
(the captain asked his heart), could it be
that in this boy, this lithe, well-groomed,
quiet-appearing boy. such seed of evil
lurked as had, last night, burst forth into
that wild, exotic jungle of mad passion?

  It ail seemed downright impossible. The
captain, putting aside memories of other
disquieting fits of rage, entered a denial.

  •• Must have been the rum that did it,”
he tried to convince himself. “ Works that
way with some people. Sets them crazy,
plumb downright crazy. They lose all
anchors, canvas, -ticks anil everything—go
i>n the rocks, smash! when they've only
shipped a drink or two. That’s what was
at the bottom'of it—rum. And there'll be
no more rum for Hal. 1 ie’s passed his word
that he’s through. That means he is
through, because whatever else he may or
may not be, he’s a Briggs. So then, that's
settled!”

  •	Heigho!” exclaimed Hal again. • now
that you’ve put me in mind of Laura. 1
think I will take a walk down-street. I
might just possibly happen to meet her.
I'm glad you reminded me, Ezra."

  " I guess you ain’t in need o' much
remindin’, Master Hal.” replied the old
t ook solemnly. “ But there’s one thing I
'.oil! remind you of, an’ that is to sail a
steady course an’ not carry too much can-
vas. You're too young a cap’n to be lookirj.'
for a mate, on the sea o’ life. Don’t give
ihat gal no great encouragement. Master
Hal. Go slow. You can’t never tell what a
woman or a jury ’11 do, an' most women
jump at a chanst quicker ’n what they do
at a mouse. You ain’t out o’ college yet.
Go easy!”

    For an old bachelor, an old pair of
scissors with only one blade, you seem to
understand the cut of the feminine gender
pretty well,” smiled the boy.

  “ Understand females?'’ replied Ezra,
290

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

drawing out a corn-cob and a pouch of
shag. “ Not me! Some men think they
do, but then, some men is dum fools. All

I	say is, look out fer ’em; then you can’t
git far out o’ the channel. They’re danger-
ous, women is. No charted coast, no lights,
nothin’ but love-lights, an’ that most always
turns out to be will-o’-the-wisp, that piles
ye up on the rocks. When a man gits
stuck on a gal, seems like he's like a fly
stuck on fly-paper—sure to git his leg
pulled. Not meanin’ your case. now. Master
Hal, but jest as a kind o' general proposi-
tion, y’ understand.”

  Hal, laughed again, got up, passed a few
commonplaces with his grandfather and the
doctor, and then departed with that kind
of casual celerity which any wise old head
can easily interpret when a girl is near, on a
June morning. Ezra, striking into a sea-
ditty with a monotonous chorus of " Blow
the man down,” began gathering up the
breakfast-dishes. The captain and his guest
made their way to the quarter-deck—the
piazza, you understand—and settled them-
selves in rockers, with the Airedale close
by.

  Briggs had hardly more than filled and
lighted his pipe, when his attention was
caught by the appearance, down the road,
of a slow-jogging, white-canvas covered
wagon, bearing on its side the letters:
“ R. F. D.”

  “ Hello,” said the captain, a shade of
anxiety crossing his face—recurrent anx-
iety, for a time dispelled by the good-cheer
of the breakfast table. “ Hello, there's Del
Clark, and the mail. Excuse me. doctor,
till I see what this day means to bring
forth.”

  He tried to speak with unconcern, but
into his voice crept a foreboding that
matched his look. As he strode down the
sanded walk, Filhiol peered after him. and
shook a dubious head.

  “ It’s a shame, a sin and shame, the way
he’s worried now,” the doctor murmured.
“ That boy’s got the devil in him. He’ll
kill the captain, yet. A swim, a shave and
a suit of white flannels don’t change a man's
heart. What’s bred in the bone, what’s
bred—”

  Captain Briggs reached the gate of lan-

terns, and came to a stand there, waiting
for the mail he feared to see. His nervous-
ness betrayed itself by the thick cloud of
tobacco-smoke that rose from his lips, upon
the morning air. Leisurely the mail-wagon
drew along, zigzagging from side to side of
the street as the postman slid papers and
letters into little metal boxes and hoisted
the red flags, always taking good care that
no card escaped him, unread.

  " .Mornin’, cap'n,” said Del Clark, com-
ing to anchor by the gate. “ Here’s your
weather report, an’ here’s your ‘ Shippin’
News.’ An’ here’s a letter from Boston,
from the college where Hal goes to. You
don’t s’pose he’s in any kind o’ rookus down
there, huh? An’ here’s a letter from Squire
Bean, down to the Center. Don't cal’late
there’s any law-doin’s. do you?”

   What do you mean?" demanded the
captain, trying to keep a brave front,
though the heart within him sank like a
dipsy-lead. “ What could there be?”

  “ Oh, you know, ’bout how Hal rim-
racked McLaughlin. 1 heered tell, down-
along, suthin' about his goin’ to sue fer
swingein’ damages. Seems like Hal dum
nigh killed the critter. No grot put-out
ef he had, I vowny; but Mac, he’s madder’n
snakes in havin’-time, an’—”

  “ Who told you?” demanded the captain,
still holding the letters in his hand, as if
paralyzed and unable to open either.

  *• Oh, they’re all talkin'. An’ I see Mac,
myself, goin’ inta the squire’s house on a
crutch an’ with one arm in a sling, early
this mornin’. This here letter must of been
wrote right away after that. The ink ain’t
hardly dry onto it, yit. Course I hope it
ain't nuthin’,” asseverated Del, with that
veiled malice which the best of us inevitably
feel in any neighbor’s distress. “ but looks
to me like ’tis. Well—”

  He eyed the captain expectantly, hoping
the old man might open the letter and con-
fide its contents, or at least by some in-
voluntary exclamation betray the news
which Del could bear like the fiery cross
of the Scotch highlands, to all and sundry
over the whole countryside. But no; the
captain merely nodded, thrust the letters
into the capacious breast-pocket of his
square-rigged, brass-trimmed coat of blue,
i

CURSED.

291

and with a non-committal " Thank you.
Del." turned and made his way back up
she walk to the piazza.

  His shoulders drooped not. neither did
his step betray any faltering, any weakness
to the peering eyes of the R. l\ D. man.
self-appointed publieitv-agent for that
whole stretch of coast. Xot in presence of
Del Clark would Captain Briggs betray
emotion. Whereat the disgruntled postman
muttered something surly, clucked to his
horse, and in profound disappointment
pursued his business the leisurely distribu-
tion and collection of I'ncle Sam's mail and
everybody's private affairs.

   T he same robin or perhaps, after all. it
was a different one was singing in the elm.
as Alpheus Briggs returned to the house.
Down the shaded street, every leaf of which
was jeweled with sun-flashing dew. every
grass-plot strewn with the living, moving
gold of sunlight through wind-stirred foli-
age, the musical, metallic rhythm of the
anvil was breaking through the contrabass
of the vexed surf. But now this melody
fell on deaf ears, for Captain Briggs.
Heavily he came up the steps, and with an
air of weariness sank down in the big
rocker. Something bothered him. Sadly
he shook his head.

   •• It’s come. I'm afraid,'' said he dejected-
ly. " It’s come, after all. 1 was hoping it
wouldn’t. Hoping McLaughlin would let
it go just as a fight that finished where it
began. But that was hoping too much.
He’s no man to swallow a beating. Xo
bully is. Either he's got to lick, or he won’t
attempt to play. See here now, will
you?”

  The captain pulled out his letter from
Squire Bean, and extended it to Filhiol.
The doctor read the return-card printed in
the corner of the envelope.

  “ Local attorney?" asked he. with a look
of anxiety.

  “ And only one," answered the captain.
'■ This letter means only one thing. Ba-
rometer’s falling again. We’ll have to take
in more canvas, sir.”

  He tore the envelope, clumsily enough,
for his fingers were not only thick and old.
but now were trembling a little. The letter
when spread out. revealed a crabbed hand-

  writing which the captain's anxious eyes
deciphered thus:

Kndicuu. Massachusetts.

June 10. ioi.S.

Cai-iain Ai.rntrs
     South Kndicult.

  I)cj\H Sir. Captain Fergus McLaughlin, of the
Sylvia Fletcher, ha- placed in my hands for set-
tlement the matter of the assault and halterv
committed upon him. to .1 degree almost amount-
ing to manslaughter. In your grandson. Hal
Briggs. Captain McLaughlin is in bad shape,
under a doctor's care, is minus a front tooth, has
his right arm broke, and cannot walk without a
rruu-!). You are legally liable for these injuries,
and would be immediately summoned into court
except Capt. McLaughlin has regard for your
age and position in the community. There is,
however, no doubt, legal damages coming to the
Capt. II you call, we can discuss ami. of same,
otherwise let the law lake its course.

Resily.

joir.su Ui.an, J P..
lis-Candidate for Judge of Dis't
('ourt.

  P. S.—It is Dr. Stevens who is allending the
Capt., and he will corroborate my statements as
to the injuries done, and et cetera, if you wish to
see him before visiting mv office.

  This letter, tor all its absurdities of
style, produced no smile on the lips of Cap-
tain Briggs. Instead, his boding dejection
deepened, as he reread it carefully, then,
tugging at his beard, passed the letter over
to Dr. Filhiol.

  " It’s all as I was afraid ii would be, you
see," said the captain. " McLaughlin’s
not going to take the medicine he's really
been earning for long years of huckoing
the poor devils that have signed articles
with him. XTo, doctor. First time he meets
a man, one that can stand up to him and
pay him back with interest, he steers a
course for the law. That's your bully and
your coward, at heart, for you. Thank
God. for all my doings. 1 never fought my.
fights before a judge or jury! It was the
best man win. fist to fist, or knife to knife
if it came to that but the law, sir,
never! ’’

  " Well, that doesn't matter now." said
Filhiol. squinting at the letter. " I’m
afraid you’re in for whacking damages,
captain.”

  •• Don’t think so really, do you?"

"It looks that way. to me. Hal’s lucky,
292

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

as you know, yourself, that he wasn't a
signed-on member of the crew. There'd
have been mutiny for you to get him out of.
and iron bars. Lucky again he didn't hit
just a trifle harder, or in some other and
more vita! spot. If he had, it might easily
have been murder, and in this State they
send men to the chair for that. Yes, cap-
tain. you’re lucky it’s turned out no worse.

If you have only a hundred or two dollars
to pay for doctor's bills and damages,
you’ll be coming out of it most fortu-
nately.”

“ A hundred or two dollars!" ejaculated
the captain. ‘‘Judas priest! You don't
think there'll be any such bill as that for
repairs and demurrage on McLaughlin’s
hulk, do you?”

“ 1 think that would be a very moderate
sum, in view of the damage inflicted by
your grandson’s fists,” answered Filhiol.

“ However, that’s something we can hardly
speculate on, now. All I can say now is
this, that I’m willing to stand back of you,
captain, all the way. I’ll go into court and
examine McLaughlin, myself, as an expert
witness. It’s more than possible McLaugh-
lin and Squire Bean, here, are exaggerating
matters, to shake you down. So far as that
goes, they can’t succeed, because, as I
say—”

“You’ll stand back of me, doctor?" ex-
claimed the captain, his face lighting up.

“ You’ll gb into court, and steer me
straight?”

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK. Don’t forget this magazine is issued weekly, and
that you will get the continuation of this story without waiting a month.

   “ By ail means, sir!”

   Briggs nearly crushed the doctor’s feeble
 hand with the all-too-powcrfu! grip he gave
 it.

   " Well and manly spoken, sir!" said he.

   It's like you. doctor. In the old days,
 you were that way. You haven’t changed.
 Well, all I can do is to thank you, and
 accept your offer, That puts a better slant
 to our sails, right away. I feel now that I
 may get through this storm without jettison-
 ing any more dollars than 1 really have to.
 Good, sir—very, very good!"

   His expression was quite different as he
 tort- open the other letter, the letter from
 the college whence Hal had just come.
 Perhaps, after all, this was only some
 routine communication. But as he read
 the neat, typewritten lines, a look of -in-
 credulity, astonishment, bewildered lack of
 comprehension developed; and this in turn
 gave way to a most pitiful dismay and
 grief.

   The captain’s hands were shaking, now,
 so that he could hardly hold the letter. His
 face had gone quite bloodless. All the voice
 he could muster was a kind of whispering
 gasp, dry-throated, hoarse, as he stretched
 out the sheet of paper to the wondering
 Filhiol:

   •• Read—read that, doctor! The curse
 —the curse! It’s falling on me, surely
 falling on me, now.

   •• Oh, God is being very hard on me, in
 mv old age! Read that!"

X5	X5	X5	U

THE BON VIVANT

BY JOSEPH P. HANRAHAN

I_IIS merry little twinkling eyes
** Some hidden truth.- disclose;

You'll read a lecture in his paunch.

                             A sermon in his nose.

                          A volume in his gouty foot.

                           To cut it short, papa
                         Would make a dandy unabridged
                         Encyclopedia!
Jennie Harris Oliver

IT was the talk all along Hear Creek how
the out-of-season electric storm that
burned houses, killed a horse and felled
the best timber, left there an unparalleled
siege of scarlet fever. The storm might
have brought about the scourge. Queer
things happen. At any rate, after it was
over, fever lay red and torturing upon the
small population of the cotton-belt.

  Van Camp’s son, husky as a pirate,
cheered by catnip tea and his grandmother’s
stories of wild dogs and headless horses,
pulled through magnificently; but Emmett
Ayler’s little daughter, just beginning to
walk and talk, was not quite the same
afterward.

  It takes a mother to meet trouble more
than half-way. I.iz Ayler she that had
been Liz Elly—ran over to tell Roxey Van
Camp about it. Xot that Liz loved Roxey!
There was a time when Emmett left Liz—
making her wedding clothes- and went to
worship a girl with slim throat and wind-
meshed hair.

  In the stillness of the night, with her
husband breathing heavily beside her, she
told herself relentlessly that, in spite of
some things, Roxey Malone was between
them—ghost of the unattainable. It was
the primitive mother in Liz. together with a
wholesome appreciation of Roxey’s good
sense and generosity, that winged her feet
down the orchard slope across a green
splash of alfalfa up through the plum-grove
to the bungalow on the hillside.

1 want you to come home with me,” Liz

panted, standing white-faced in the door-
way of the Van Camp living-room. She
said this to the young mistress. Signifi-
cantly she turned her black eyes on Mrs.
Malone busy with her embroidery, caught
in one glance the handsome youngster build-
ing a castle of blocks on the hearth and the
blue and white uniformed mulatto maid
making lettuce salad at the sideboard.

  " Alone!” Liz added tensely.

  Roxey jumped up from the piano. She
was startled, frightened. As she ran after
Liz between dipping boughs and through
knee-high clover, it was her belief that little
Ilepsibah—the Ayler baby was named for
Emmett’s mother—was in a fit: but there
were no signs of trouble about the big,
pointed house on the hill.

  '• Sit down,” Liz invited, and Roxey sank
breathless into the leather chair pointed out.
" I’ll get you some cold water,” Liz added.
She hurried out and there was heard the
creak of the windmill.

  It was a gloomy place where Van Camp’s
young wife was left to wait and wonder. A
carpet of unclipped Brussels matched for
heaviness the greenish paper on the walls
and the windovv-shades. The furniture was
of mahogany, haircloth and leather. Aylers,
a score of them, long, thin and ashy of
feature, scowled down from their frames
with a sort of unreasonable pride. Roxey
shuddered. She thought of the new house
fronting the white Meridian Road and
wondered how Liz could wait to move into
it.

 293
294

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

   The baby’s crib—one joyous lone in the
big living-room, swayed by the north win-
dow and through airy canopy of gauze,
little Hepsibah could be seen gracefully
relaxed in sleep. Roxey had turned to this
pleasing picture when Liz came in.

   “ It is about her." She nodded toward
the child. Pouring some water from a
sparkling pitcher into a sparkling glass, she
waited for Roxey to drink before selling
the tray on the reading-table. Her dark
face was tragedy itself as she stood silently
looking down al the baby. Finally she
crossed the room to a small compartment
on the right and signaled the other to follow
her. Roxey remembered the nook as the
bedroom where Emmett had lain after he
had all but died to save her son. Now it
showed itself to be a child’s nursery. A
rose-sprigged carpet was on the iloor.
Shelves, cabinets and hangers were heaped
and loaded with costly things—offerings.
Mrs. Van Camp found, from the Avlers.

   Liz touched a tiny coat of turquoise
velvet, lined with scented satin and trimmed
with swansdown. “ From Grandfather Ay-
ler,” she murmured. Turning, she lifted
an ivory elephant from a mantel—" Aunt
Sarah gave this.” Her foot had touched a
huge doll with real hair, and she called
Roxey’s attention to it. “ Grandmother
Ayler brought that and the whole row sit-
ting against the wall. She says she never
had a doll, and Hepsibah shall be rich with
them.”

   For some time Liz held her company
thus. She showed necklaces, rings, satin
shoes and lace hoods, manicure and dressing
sets, silk pillows, wonderful little quilts and
socks of cobweb. Fler expression was re-
strained until she came to an " a-b-c book "
of linen, much crumpled and tattered with
baby clutchings and chewings. then she
sobbed. She took the book with her as
they left the room, and while they sat facing
each other, she caressed it on her knee with
soft strokes of her long, firm fingers.

   “ They’ve never had any use for -me—
Emmett’s people,” she said bluntly. “ Of
course I've held up, but it’s been in my
heart all the time, eating there like a cancer.
Emmett—we’ve been closer since he was
cut to pieces in that pit back of your gin,

and I gave the blood out of my arm to save
him—stili, 1 know that he knows I’m an
Elly.'”

  Liz opened the soiled linen-book, closed
it. anti the vivid lines of her face trembled.

•	I Sis people didn’t intend lo have anything
to do with me, but after they came back
from Tennessee and saw Hepsibah, it was
different. They worship the baby. Any-
thin” with the blood of Ayler. I’ve found, is
—$!}crcnt.’’

     1 hey Ye no business to make you feel
that way!" Roxey cried indignantly. “If
they're as narrow as that, I wouldn't care.
Hut the baby—is something wrong with
her?”

  " I want you to see for yourself. I've
been trying to fill the time till' she wakes up.
I'd rather not disturb her. You don't mind

waiiing?"

  ' No.” said Roxey.

  A silence fell. Finally there was a sigh
from the crib; a funny little gurgle and flop.
Hepsibah came up feet first, righted herself
and called to her mother:

  " Mu-uh!”

  •• Yes, darling,” Mrs. Ayler answered
sweetly. Then she did something incom-
prehensible to Roxey. She leaned and
shoved a chair between herself and the
crib. - Come,” she prompted softly, “ right
here, honey!”

  Hepsibah put aside the netting. Reaching
one white-moccasined foot over the edge of
the low crib, she feit for the floor and
found it. Carefully she planted the other
foot firmly and balanced herself like a
flower in the wind. Cocking her dusk little
curls sidewise, she questioned, quaintly,

- Mu-uh?”

  •	Here I am.” Liz spoke from behind the
chair.

  With wabbly, wide-apart steps the baby
advanced, stopped, and again made the
adorable sidewise little dip of her head:

  -	Mu-uh!”

   " Here, right here!”

  Whitely Roxey watched the child take a
fresh start and stagger into the chair. She
saw Hepsibah pat the chair, feel her way
around it, and finally come to anchor in
triumph at her mother’s knee. She stared
at the mother and child, then away.
DAUGHTER OF 'AYLER.

295

  " Blind! " breathed Liz.

  Roxey could only nod when she heard
the expression.

  " Emmett doesn't suspect I wasn't sure
of it myself until just as 1 went after you
You know she hasn't really walked before,
and there was no way to tell. What 1 want
is to take her away to a hospital and see
what can be done. Roxey Van Camp, it is
you 1 am asking for help. I want two
hundred dollars. I don't know when it will
he paid. I don't want Emmett and his
people to know. I don't want any one but
you to know! Maybe she can be cured
If not—" T.iz paused and did not say what
she had in mind.

  Roxey Van Camp had known trouble
danger, starvation; her beloved mother had
been blind. Even as Liz uttered the request
her mind was made up. “ 1 am glad you
asked me." she said simply.

    Yes - you're that kind." She lowered
her voice. “There's Emmett. It must be
dinner-time."

  Ayler wasn’t really embarrassed before
Roxey. but it always seemed that he was.
Liz spared any awkwardness as he came
into the room. " Take the baby, Emmett,"
she said, “ and let me get Mrs. Van Camp
a cup of yeast foam.’’

  Roxey knew that Liz hail spent lour
years digging her way out of the Elly
dialect, but it was the native wit of her that
counted in an emergency. With the pungent
foam dipping from the white jar in the
cupboard, she turned at the door for a nod
of understanding. Liz. whose face showed
blanched above the snowy flare of her
collar, was practically refitting the cover
on the yeast crock. Beyond her stood
Emmett, his little daughter pressed lightly
in his arms. There spoke the Elly courage
and the Ayler pride.

  Mrs. Van Camp took the downward path
briskly. The sun picked gold from the
floating meshes of her light-brown hair, her
little strapped sandals shone. She still wore
the girlish •• middy " that John called a
" jumper." Love, contentment and Rosie
Sunpie’s cooking had rounded her beauti-
fully. She looked exactly like the sort of
young person who could draw on the family
bank for two hundred dollars and no ques-

tions would be asked concerning its dispo-
sition. Briefly, that is what happened.

    Liz had cherry pie, fried chicken, pine-
 apple salad, new potatoes and little beet-
 greens the day before she told her husband
 >he was going to the city for a month-
 maybe more. Emmett was down to his
 third cup of coffee and his second helping of
 pie. It was the Ayler of it that he didn’t
 act surprised.

    ' What's that for?" he asked quietly,
 after the silence had become oppressive.

    ! need a change, and so does Hepsibah,”
 Liz said.

    ■' Yuh going tuh take Hepsy?"

    Why, of course, silly." Liz laughed.

    Emmett finished his pie and his coffee.

 1 guess you're joking. Liz."

    Liz gave the baby a spoonful of bread
 and milk, then wiped the little bib with a
 napkin. " Do 1 joke, Emmett?" she finally
 rebuked him.

    I he Ayler spoke out “ I don't want you
 should go."

    ■	1 must.”

   •	Why must yuh? What's the matter
 here, all of a sudden ? Take Hepsy tuh
 the city and she git sick. City water hain’t
 lot for a baby.”

    " I’ll boil every bit of it. Emmett, and-use
 lime-water besides.”

    Ayler set down his cup. Me had lost his
 dash of color. “ Mebbe I could go along,”
 he suggested, yielding somewhat.

   The house, Emmett- you agreed to
 shingle it yourself. More than that, you
 contracted, didn't you?"

    \yler had forgotten the new house. " Yes,
 that settles it." he told her triumphantly.

 You’ll have to cook for me. Man shin-
 gling all day in the boiling sun. he's got
 tuh eat.'’

    •	Your mother will see to that. She is
 coming lo-morrow. With a girl to help her,
 the work won’t be anything—she'll have
 only to boss.”

    ■	Don’t make any difference. Liz. You
 can't go.”

    " I must."

    You'd look well in the city alone!”
296

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “I’ve got people there—the Morgans.”
“ I hain’t going tuh have my wife living
off the Morgans.”

  “ I have some money of my own, Emmett
—enough.”

  “ Yuh’re going—whin 1 tell vuh not to?”
  “ Yes.”

  Ayler got up with such violence that the
table rocked. “ Yuh can’t go,” he shouted.
“ Yuh hear me!”

  “ So do the neighbors.” The girl's hot
temper arose. “ Do be still, Emmett—you
frighten Hepsy.

  The baby leaned in her high-chair, her
dark curls tilted backward and sidewise.
Liz knew that the wonderful purple pools
that were-her eyes, strained between their
dusk fringes upon herself and Emmett—
strained, and could see nothing. The tiny
pucker on the rosebud mouth stiffened the
mother’s courage. She stood up and faced
her husband, her eyes leveled upon his.

  “ Did I ever tell you you couldn't do
anything?” she said reasonably.

  Then Emmett reverted to type. He
leaned as if to strike her. He clutched her
arm. “ No—but I tell you." he snarled.
“ that you can't take Hepsy tuh the city.
That settles it.”

  Liz shrugged away. “ You can’t keep
me from it,'’ she told him coolly. “ If I'd
suspicioned you'd act this way, Emmett. I
wouldn't have mentioned the matter.”

  “ And sneak off without letting me
know?”

  “ Not sneak—just go.”

  The man dropped his hands in a way he
had. “ All right, go. See if I care. But
don’t come back. You hear!”

  “ Emmett!”

   “ I mean it.”

   Ayler started around the table toward the
baby. He wanted to kiss the piteous look
from her little face, to feel her mite of a
nose in his neck, her hands in his hair. Liz
looked at him questioningly. He kissed
Hepsibah once and turned to the door.

  “ That’s all,” he stated insultingly. I
hain’t coming back till yore gone.”

   Liz conquered her desire to say something
terrible. She ran and clung to her husband.
“ You’ll be sorry, Emmett,” she sobbed.
“You’ll be sorry!”’

  Brutally he broke from her. “ Jest sorry
I tied to an Elly!” he sneered, and was
gone.

  Liz watched her husband’s furious stride
down the slope. “ Next week they'll all be
here,” she mused bitterly, " and how they
will hate me!”

  Fortune favors the brave. Mrs. Ayler
was ready and gone within an hour after
the clash. She caught a ride with a strange
family motoring along the section line. A
sanitorium is a safe place for hiding. Taken
to the very door of the institution, Liz and
little Hepsibah entered swiftly and were
blotted from the annals of Bear Creek.

  Behind them, the house of Ayler arose
with clenched list—and cursed.

111.

  Emmktt Aylur had been wrapped
around by the warm presence of his wife.
He had been worshiped, obeyed, slaved for,
deferred to. He was even above the baby
she had borne, in her affections. To find
that she had any thought apart from him-
self. a will of her own—he suspected, evilly,
a secret of her own, was cruel as death.

  There is no limit to the crazy things a
man of Ayler’s type will do. Emmett's first
act, after he had searched through the
empty spaces of the gloomy house on the
hill, was to lift the cut-glass berry-dish that
had been a wedding present from the Ellys
and dash it to the floor. Standing amid the
fragments of diamond-bright glass, he shook
his fist.

  “Curse her, curse her!” he breathed
venomously. “ May God damn her and the
devil get her!”

  Ayier shingled his house according to
contract, but he did not eat a bite for three
windy, blistering, dust-ridden days. He
wanted Liz—was lost and beside himself
without her, but he would not admit it,
even in his inmost heart. It was the baby
he hungered for; his little daughter, whose
presence he craved. When it came out that
Liz was away, with a sort of selfish pride
he stated that she had taken the baby to
see L’ncle Hi over in “ Tinnessee.”

Mother Ayler reproved him for the lie.
DAUGHTER

OF AYLER.

297

Mother Ayler dyed her hair and dipped
snuff, but she used ilat silence instead of
words to deny it. “ Tell the truth and
shame the devil!” she advised her son.
“ She’s run off, and that’s all they be to it.
It '11 have to come out some time. Xother
thing, I want yuh tuh go tuh town and git
that young one -me and grampaw'll go
crazy ef yuh don't. Don’t fool around—
‘take her—jest take her! Won’t no jedge in
Oklahoma give an Elly nuthin!”

   *• Grampaw ” found immense comfort in
berating the Ellys. " Them Ellys.” he
rasped, slamming down the trunk-lid on
toy-piano, doll-house, teddy-bears, music-
box and a dozen and one other extrava-
gances they had brought little Hepsibah.
“ them Ellys is crooked as a dawg’s hind
leg.” Grampaw had a way of emphasizing
remarks by a twitch of his big-jointed right
thumb.

   “ Them Ellys,” he twitched. “ is a low-
down, ornery, thievin’. murderin’, bootlaig-
in’, cussin’ outfit. They'd better not tangle
up with me. not ary one of 'em! ”

  Emmett did not mention the number of
trips he had already made to the city. He
had nut gone after Liz—nothing like that!
Since she had lied about going to the Mor-
gans, it didn’t matter where she was. He
had told her not to come back to Bear
Creek, and he meant it. As for Hepsibah
—maybe he could “ jest take her,” and then
again, maybe he couldn’t. As days crawled
by he remembered more and more the fight-
ing look in his wife’s big black eyes. There
was something strange about it. strange and
baffling.

   One month completed itself and lapped
over into the next one. Emmett went to
town; .grampaw went to town. Sometimes,
after a family powwow, grammaw, Uncle
Hi from Tinnessee, Aunt Sarah from Kan-
sas—and all the aunts; Cousin Esmeralda
from Colorado, and all the cousins, went to
whatever place it was decided upon might
have swallowed up little Hepsibah. It took
money, all this prancing about, but there
was no lack of money among the Aylers.
The upshot of it was—they didn't find the
baby, and they couldn’t find her.

   Then, two months after her disappear-
ance, the unexpected happened—little Hep-

sibah came back to the big house on the
hill. Through heavy wind and rain a
touring-car, ungainly with chains and mud,
labored up the slope. The family—a repre-
sentation of them — were seated in the
gloomy living-room, themselves gloomy be-
yond words. There might have been a ram
on the north door, Emmett wasn't sure. A
lash of spray struck him in the face as he
opened the door, and below him, on the
step, a strange woman, clumsy in motor
things, stood holding the child in her arms.

  After Ayler had shut the door on the
woman and the storm, he stood stupidly
staring, grammaw and grampaw were re-
moving Hepsibah’s swathings — he could
hear their rapid and senseless chatter. So
Liz had sent the baby. Liz wasn’t coming
back. Well—he had told her not to come.
He didn’t want her back. Suddenly he
listened.

  •• I can’t git her sleeve off, ’cause she
won't turn it loose,” his mother was saying.
" It's a letter. Here, Emmett, see if she’ll
let you have it.”

  Ayler leaned and looked into the bewil-
dered little face. “ Give daddy the letter,”
he said gently, and Hepsibah yielded it up.
The thick sheet cracklcd as he drew it from
the long envelope. While his father and
mother sniffed audibly, he studied the un-
meaning document. At last his thick skull
comprehended—this was a health certificate
and belonged to the baby.

  it was very plain after the first. Hepsibah
had been blind from scarlet fever. She had
gone through a delicate operation and come
out with good eyes. That was why she had
been slow about giving up the letter—she
was not sure who was who. Pinned to the
sheet was a narrow strip inscribed in his
wife’s bold hand:

  Pay to the order of Roxey Van Camp—two
hundred dollars.

  “ What ’d she write?” asked Mother
Ayler, when her curiosity had gotten the
better of her.

    Yes, what ’d the huzzy have to say for
herself?” sneered the old man.

  Ayler did not answer. He unpinned the
slip and. stepping to the table, set his name
to the check. Leaving the certificate lying
298

ALT.-STORY WEEKLY

there, he went into the bedroom and got
the revolver he kept loaded for marauding
rats. Then fumbling his hat from its nail,
he walked through the dining-room, out into
the rain-sodden path.

IV.

  Love is a law to itself- without reason
and without recompense. If Liz Ayler could
have been certain of her husband's undi-
vided affection, she would have been in
heaven. That was the way Liz loved, To
stand well with his people was half the
battle. In a way. motherhood had bound
her to them—she had given the family of
Ayler a healthy, winsome child to perpetu-
ate the name. That was as they understood
it. A blind Ayler—that would be different.
It would be ” jest like an Elly to have a
blind one!" The fever that could have
nothing to do with it!

  Further, the family were dead set against
hospitals. They looked upon an " opera-
tion ” with the horror of the ignorant. Liz
fought for her own the best she knew
when she took her little daughter and bor-
rowed money to go the lone trail, ll ii all
proved a failure, she meant to hide herself
and the baby from the reproach of the
Aylers. If a success—she would come home
in triumph. That was as she had planned
it before Emmett turned absolute cur and
insulted her.

  Still, Liz had not let her baby return
uncomforted. It had been the chauffeur's
wife who handed little Hepsibah in to the
Aylers, but Liz herself held the precious
burden to her own warm breast every jolt
of the stormy way. When, at her bidding,
the car stopped just beyond sight of the
house, the important document had been
placed in the child’s hand.

  “ (live this to daddy." Liz had said, kiss-
ing the tiny lingers that clutched what was
intrusted to them. " He sure—no one must
have it but daddy."

"Daddy!” repeated Hepsibah sweetly.

  " And be good. Don't cry—if you ran
help it.”

" .Not cry!" promised Hepsibah bravely.

    Kiss mother.'’ They kissed.

Twenty minutes later Liz knocked at the

Van Camp door, l he fragrant breath of a
green-wood tire received her as she stepped
in and confronted the young mistress.

  ' Hepsibah can see." she announced
briefly. " 1 have sent her up there to them.
I am not going. Maybe you want to know
why!"

  Roxe\ looked at the dripping figure,
white-faced and unspeakably tragic. " I
don't." she answered firmly. " At least, not
now. Let me help you to a chair. Oh. you
poor girl!"

  ” I'll lie down in a minute," Liz said
hoarsely. " I don't know what it is to sleep.
About the money it's gone, every cent. I
sent a check for Emmett to sign. 1 think
he'll do it. Any way. you'll be paid.”

  Liz took her eyes from Roxey’s, and for
;t moment gathered comfort from the rest
of the family, one by one. " I want to hide
here a few days. 1 haven’t eaten much
lately, and I'm weak. I don’t want any one
to know where 1 am."

  Roxev slipped an arm around the fugi-
tive's wet shoulders. " Lean on me.” she
said.

  In a bedroom beside the fireplace, she
striped off her guest's loo thin jacket and
her soaked shoes. As she stooped over the
exhausted woman, \vler was heard to enter
the living-room. Don't let him suspect.’-
whispered Liz. Cio!" She pushed Roxey
from her. Don't let him know," she re-
peated. almost savagely.

  Van Camp had opened to Ayler. He had
set him a chair, too. but Ayler preferred to
stand. He was gray Ayler-gray, like
ashes, and water dripped upon the floor
from the hai that hung in his hand.

  " I guess you know why I’m here." He
spoke to Roxey as she came into the room.

  It's about the money Liz borrowed of
you. "

  Roxey took the check he extended to
her. " Thank you, Emmett,” she said.

  " What else I got to sav." he went on.
" is as much for one as another. It looks
queer, butting into a man’s house on a day
like this, but 1 had tuh. I got to say in
front of some one that may sometime see
Liz, what I think of myself. I’m a hound-
worse. I’m a murderer. I've killed the liking
Liz had fer me!"
DAUGHTER OF AYLER.

299

   Freeing his mind thus far, Emmett looked
about him. He saw Mrs. Malone swaying
gently in her sewing-chair. He saw the boy.
The boy who tried not to hale Ayler, stood
quite closc, looking up and trying not to
scowl. Ayler looked longest at Van Camp.

  Moistening dry lips, he took up the
thread of self-accusation. " 1 guess a man
that’s got a streak of yellow is never shet
of it unless the Lord Almighty bleaches him.
I’m yellow—you know that. Even animals
understand, and hate me. Even your boy
secs through me. Liz was the only one—’’
Ayler paused, swallowing hard. The
hand that held the hat al his side, gripped
hard. “ Us Aylers has always set ourselves
up as better then the Elly#." he resumed,
with an effort. “ We never let Liz fergit
that fer a minute. That’s the big-headed-
ness of us. Old man Elly did kill a man in
a fair hand to hand squabble, but I—I
caught a sheep-dawg in a wolf-trap and
beat it to death with a club. Elly has
bootlaiged whisky and us Aylers has guz-
zled it on the sly. He cusses and we break
dishes. We hain’t got no more learning
then a mule, and don't want none. Two of
the Elly boys is over tuh the university.”
Emmett stopped. It was hard to speak
out what must be said. " Whin Liz got that
money of you,” he turned to Roxey. and
went away, the yellow devil in me struck
her. It said, ‘ if you go. don't ever come
back.’

   “Well,”—he lifted his hands and dropped
them palm out—“ she hain't come back.
She sent the baby, and she—stayed. I
don’t blame her. They's nuthing to come
back to. Mebbe if she could 'a' changed
all my blood tuh hers that time, things 'd
been different. Anyways, I hain't going back
on the hill. If she can’t have little Hepsi-
bah, I won’t, either. I’ve said some things
—not half 1 could. It’s mighty good of yuh
tuh listen. Now I’m going.”

  “ No use to rush off in the rain." Van
Camp said. “ Stav and have supper with
us.”

  Ayler opened the door. “ No use." he
muttered. “ Things is as they be."

   Stepping out, he slammed the door after
him. By the porch a sudden scream of
wind snatched off the frost-bitten cotton-

wood leaves and sent them in a yellow
streamer in the desperate man's wake, as if
the stain in his sou! pursued him.

   The boy, whom his father called " Swash-
buckler," ran to the window and looked
alter the fleeing figure. “ He's going like
the very devil,” the Swashbuckler cried,
choosing his phrase with relish. “ And he
hasn’t any more hat on than a rabbit! ”

   “ Son!” cried Roxey.

  Beside the fireplace, the bedroom door
opened. Liz had dragged on her shoes and
partly buttoned them, but her hat and
jacket were forgotton. Within the loosened
bands of her midnight hair a glorious color
flamed. She crossed the room erectly. At
ihe door she swung about and faced Roxey.

   " Oh,” cried Liz, lifting her palm to her
blazing eyes, " isn't a woman a fool!”

V.

  Ayler left the plum-grove to westward
and plunged down the lane toward the open
road. At Flat Rock he paused, looking
dazedly at the wall of gray, wind-driven
ram. He had taken the gun from his
pocket, holding it in clutching fingers, his
arms folded. He believed Liz was lost to
him, and he meant to take the coward’s way
out of his bereavement.

  His wife was close upon him before he
suspected her presence. "Emmett!” she
said quietly.

   Ayler wheeled and stared. He slipped the
weapon out of her sight, still staring,
dazedly. He did not wonder how she came
to be there, bareheaded, thin sleeves cling-
ing to her beautiful arms—only if she were
there at all.

  “ Liz!” he muttered. “I.iz! Liz! Is it
you?”

   “ Of course it is. Wake up, boy—it’s all
right. 1 heard you—back there!”

   Ayler took her in his arms, fearfully at
first, then straining her to him. For the
lirst time he bruised her with a kiss.

  " Liz,” he sobbed hoarsely, “ I hain’t
fitten—fer you!”

  The cottonwood leaves came to prison
under the shelving edge of Flat Rock; but
on the orchard slope the two whom tragedy
had made one, climbed swiftly—together.
 oy Ben Ames Williams

Author of "Once Aboard the Whaler,” “The Devil'* Violin,” “Three in a Thousand,” ate.

CHAPTER XII.

THE STRASSBl'RO GOOSE- (CONCLUDED).

DR. SLEEX watched Tom’s enormous
repast with obvious satisfaction:
and when it was done, he produced
a deadly looking little silver-and-steel in-
strument from his case and bade Tom roll
up his sleeve.

" What's the matter?" Tom asked. He
was too full of good victuals to be over-
energetic.

“ Blood test.’’ the doctor explained.

 " Roll up your sleeve."

 Vince passed a box of cigars, and Tom
 took one and lighted it. and grinned amia-
 bly at the doctor. " You know, doc." he
 said. “ you please me. There's a pertinacity
 about you."

 " Exactly," l)r. Sleen agreed. " 1 am
 llattered. Just for that, young man, I will
 leave you as many of your organs as we
 can possibly manage to get along without.’’

" Don’t mention it." Tom urged.

 •• And now—your sleeve.’-

 Tom rose lazily, stripped off his coat,
 loosed his cuff, and turned it back. He
 held out his arm for the doctor’s inspection.
 Dr. Sleen eyed it admiringly.

“ Wry fine development, young man."

Tom nodded. " This course of treat-
ment you’ve given me- ’’

 The doctor waved his hand. " 1 can't
 claim all the credit."

He jabbed Tom’s arm with a needle.

“Ouch!” Tom ejaculated. The doctor
soothed him. " There, there, it’s all over
now.” And he squeezed a red drop from
the puncture and deftly sucked up this red
drop with a liny syringe. Tom eyed this
instrument. “ That's a neat contrivance.”
“ Yes, isn’t it?” the surgeon assented.
“ My own invention. More satisfactory, I
think, than a smear on a slide.” He was
packing the syringe carefully in his case;
and when this was done, he turned to the
watchful Vince.

  " 1 expect you to see to it that this young
man eats what is set before him hereafter,”
he directed.

  " Yes. sir,” said Vince.

  “• Don't leave him.”

  •• I shall be watchful, sir.”

  The doctor bowed to Tom, turned to the
door, and departed: and when the door
was closed behind him, Vince gave Tom a
long and baleful stare. Tom. lounging in
a deep chair, grinned up at him.

  " Well. Vince?" he asked.

  " You’re a troublemaker, sir.”

  •	I’m in trouble myself. Vince. You
ought to be willing to share it."

  Vince shook his head. “ I'm a trouble-
maker myself, sir. when I’m crossed." he
warned. " Sometimes my harsh nature
overcomes my tender heart, sir.”

  Tom shook his head sorrowfully. “ Tha
will never do. Vince. Let me read you a
bit of my poetry. It will soothe you."

   ” I fear not. sir."

This story began in the All-Story Weekly lor J.inuary 4.
AFTER HIS OWN HEART.

301

  “ Let me try it, anyway?"

  “ I've stood a great deal in silence, :-;r—"

  “ Silence, Vince?"

  " Comparative silence, sir. hue i •; • ^ui<!
not stand that. 1 could ii"i .c- r •
for the consequences, if y*<u ■ ■ • utter
those jingles of yours, >ir.

  Tom sighed. " I'm afraid you iv stifling
your l.-etter nature. Vince."

  “ I’m afraid you are. sir."

  “Well—we won't quarrel over a ;<r -
noun.”

  They did not. After a thru- Vince an-
nounced that the hour hail conn- for -he
afternoon stroll; and they wen: out to-
gether into the gardens. Archibald. a- ever
two paces to the rear.

  And, as always on these txcur-ion-. Tom
kept a vigilant outlook for any word >r . un
from Sally, any trace of her continued
presence in the house. He even ventured
to ask Vince whether she had been removed
from the island: but Vince sai'i firmly:

  “ I can say nothing about ti •• matter,
sir.”

  Tom could not shake hi> re>o!uti->n: but
a moment later he found the answer to his
own inquiry.

  It had rained the night before: a 'rigor-
ous downpour that beat the sand and soft
earth smooth and clean as a fresh sheet of
paper. At a point where their path crossed
another, Tom discovered, in the gravel here
and there, a series of depressions. Some-
thing leaped within him at the sight. He
dropped a match and stooped ostentatious-
ly to pick it up.

  Thus stooping, he was able to examine
the depressions more closely: and he saw
that they were the marks of two pairs of
feet, feet that had passed that -vay since
the rain. They were the mark- of the feet
of a man and a woman: they were, beyond
a doubt, the footprints of Sally and of
some guard who had accompanied her on
such a stroll as that which he himself was
taking.

  She was, then, still here. Tom picked
up the match and passed on. without con-
fiding to Vince his discovery: and he began
to consider ways and means by which he
might take advantage of the good luck
which had revealed Sally's presence.

  She had passed this way once; she would
come this way again. If he had a note, he
might drop it where she would discover it.
But what could he say? She did not know
the nature of the peril which threatened
him: I ml it would do no good for her to
know. It would only add to her distress.
He cudgeled his brain, found no wheat
among the chaff there. But at least he
could drop some one of his belongings,
something that would tell her he was still
near her.

  On the way back lo the house he dropped
his pocket-knife. His initials were engraved
on it. It fell softly in the grass beside the
path.

  Goliath touched his shoulder, presented
the knife. " You drop this, ya-as,” he told
Tom: and Tom was constrained to accept
the restitution and pass on—baffled.

  But it was something to know the girl
was near.

  He turned his thoughts to a reconsidera-
tion of the possibility of delaying the op-
eration. Starvation had failed him. There
was no chance of trying that again. He
might overeat and get indigestion; but his
digestion was—he groaned at the recollec-
tion—cast-iron. Besides, indigestion would
hardly save him. It was his heart, not his
stomach, that Dr. Sleen was after.

  His heart! He wondered what he could
do to hi> heart! lie would have been will-
ing to acquire any cardiac disorder if by so
doing he might avert the thing that was
coming. He considered, remembered hav-
ing heard somewhere that alcohol was bad
for the heart.

   •	Vince! ” he called. “ I feel like a drink
of whisky!"

  Vince was busy with the gate-legged
table. It was the dinner-hour. “ Do you,
sir?" he inquired.

  •• Yes. Serve me a couple of highballs
before dinner: and some—oh, no that’s not
right. I want cocktails first, and highballs
during dinner. See to it, Vince.”

  Vince shook his head apologetically.
” Mv orders are—no strong drink, sir.
Very bad for the heart. Now—a little
wine, perhaps?”

  Tom persisted. “ Oh, come, Vince. This
business is getting on my nerves. I’m all
302

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

strung up: I need letting clown. A good,
old bat- "

   “Very sorry, sir!"

   " Go ahead, that's a good fellow. You
must know how I feel, Vince. Didn't you
ever crave a good shot of
I’m a teetotaler, sir.'’

   I'om threw up his hands. " I surren-
der.”' And he groaned inwardly. His alco-
holic hope was gone. Xicotin? There
was a chance. He took it that evening,
after dinner; he smoked two cigars, two
cigarettes, told Vince to bring more cigars.

  And once more Vince blocked him.
" You have reached your daily limit, sir."

  " My limit? I never heard of that
before.”

   "I never mentioned it, sir. because 'here
was no need. You have never approached
it; but you have smoked an unusual
amount to-day."

   Tom glared at him. “ You mean to say
I’m not allowed to smoke all I want in?
Why, they let even a condemned man do
that!"

   Vince shuddered. “ Don't speak of such
things, sir. I should suppose you had more
delicacy- when that fate hangs over me "

   " I beg your pardon, Vince. I forgot.
Rut it’s true, just the same."

   " So I believe, sir. Hut—they have no
further use for a condemned man’s— er
vitals, sir.”

   " And they have for mine. And think
smoking will make them a trifle shop-
worn.”

   " Exactly, sir."

   Tom felt cold. He could not sit still.
He stood up, paced across the room, back
again. “ By glory. Vince, that doctor is a
cold-blooded specimen."

   “ A doctor needs to be. sir." Vince,
too, arose. " Hut I must not allow you to
excite yourself, sir. You had best go to
bed, sir.”

  Tom threw up his hands. ‘‘Oh all
right!”

   When Vince, with a tenderness almost
maternal, had tucked him in for the night
and left him. Tom tossed back and forth,
thinking desperately. Heart disease! Heart
disease! He had to h^ave it, had to have it
quick. Hut the thing was- how?"

  Tobacco heart? Barred. Drunkard's
heart? Beyond his reach. What other
kinds of bad hearts were there?

   lie sat up in bed with the idea. Athletic
heart? lie had heard of that. Athletes
got it. He was an athlete. He ought to
have it. but Dr. Sleen had told him his
heart was all right. Xevertheless. athletes
nut athletic hearts. How? Overexertion.
I'om jumped out of bed and set his teeth.
By glory, if that was all

  He began to overexert himself. It was
no easy task, for Tom was a husky citizen.
He started with callisthenics, going through
the familiar exercises at top speed, over
and over, till he was panting and gasping
and dripping at every pore. He stood erect
and bent to touch the floor fifty limes. He
stood erect and squatted down and leaped
up again a hundred times. He did the
shnulder-roll; he dropped on his face and
did chest and back exercises till he could
do no more. He turned on his back and
did the seesaw, feet up, then head up. until
lie was dizzy. He jumped up and turned
hand-springs till his head was loose on his
shoulders-
When lie had exhausted his repertoire,
he started all over again at the beginning.
And when he could continue the strenuous
pace no longer, he strode back and forth
across the room at top speed.

   Once he felt his pulse. It was madden-
ingly calm. He plunged into his over-
exertions with fresh vigor.

   He took a chair and used it as a dumb-
bell. He took two chairs and brandished
them simultaneously. He tackled the bed.
and lifted and lowered the foot of the heavy
piece until his back ached. He tried to lift
the desk on his back, at last succeeded, and
marched with it up and down the room,
like a baggageman with a trunk, until it hit
the chandelier and fell to the floor, jerking
him over and on top of it.

   Hitherto he had managed to keep quiet.
But the fall of the desk alarmed the house;
and in an instant Vince came in the door,
and snapped on the light and stared at
Tom.

  •• Why, sir.” he demanded, “what are
you doing?”

  " Eh! Wha’s that?” Tom mumbled. He
AFTER HIS OWN HEART.

303

rubbed his eyes, peered at the valet. “ Oh!
Oh! Oh! ’Sat you, Vince?”

  “ Why, yes, of course, sir. What is it,
sir?”

  Tom grinned foolishly. " Oh—guess 1
had a nightmare, Vince. Thought I had
Doc Sleen.”

  “ Get back to bed, sir,” Vince urged, and
he took Tom by the elbow. “ You’re hot,
sir. Why, you’re dripping. You’il get
pneumonia.”

  Tom whirled. “Pneumonia!” he cried.
His eyes lighted joyously. “ Pneumonia!
Great stuff! Do you think there's a chance.
Vince?”

  Vince looked at him in amazement.
“ You’ll have to have a tub. sir. Fresh
pajamas. You would be sick—”

  “ Oh, I say, I’m all right.”

  “ No. You must have a bath. A warm
bath.”

  “ I won’t.”

  Vince look at Tom warningly. “ Do you
wish me to summon Archibald, sir?”

  Tom surrendered. “ No, no. I’ll bathe,
Vince. Lead me to it.”

  When he was abed again, bathed, and
clad to Vince’s taste, he grinned and wait-
ed. Vince had given him an idea.

  He waited till the house should lie quiet
again, hoping that Vince might fall asleep.
And in the waiting, he fell asleep himself.

  The first glint of daylight woke him;
and he remembered his resolution. Pneu-
monia! Not a minute to be lost. He
leaped out of bed, careful to make no sound
that would bring Vince. He began those
exercises once more. He continued them
until he was red-hot.

  The steel shutters on Tom's windows were
not kept closed now; the island itself was
a sufficient prison. He flung up the win-
dow and looked out over the sea, and let
the cold morning breeze bathe his panting
lungs. Pneumonia! That would save him.

  “ I hope I get it good while I'm getting
it,” he told himself. “ I’ve heard it some-
times weakens the heart. Maybe, time I’m
through with it, my heart will be no good
to Sleen any more. Here’s hoping—”

And he shivered bravely in the breeze.
He waited all that morning for a fever
to develop; but none appeared. He was a

discouragingly healthy specimen. In the
afternoon he gave up hope of pneumonia,
and dropped back to overexertion again.
Vince was with him, and he stared in sur-
prise when Tom began his callisthenics.

  " What’s the matter, sir?” he demanded.
“ Are you—are you—”

  '• I’m stale, Vince. Just getting in con-
dition,” Tom informed him, bending for-
ward strenuously. " Great stuff. You ought
to—"

  The door had opened and Dr. Sleen stood
there. Tom grinned at him defiantly and
redoubled his efforts. The doctor called,
“ Stop!” Tom kept on. And the surgeon,
with no more ceremony, charged, cornered
him. clipped him helpless, and held him
down on the bed. “ You’re mad, man,” he
chided. " You’ll ruin your heart.”

  •• 1 aim to,” Tom told him. Let's see
you stop me.”

  The doctor frowned; then he smiled.
“ Fair enough,” he agreed. *• I see you’re
a determined chap.” He turned and called
over his shoulder; “ Vince, get the chair.”
Vince departed. The doctor held Tom
flat on his back. Tom writhed, and then
surrendered. Vince returned, rolling an
enormous invalid-chair of curious construc-
tion. " Call Archibald,” directed Dr.
•Sleen; and when Goliath appeared, the
doctor surrendered Tom to him. “ Put him
in the chair." he told the giant; and Go-
liath lifted Tom and deposited him in the
cushioned seat.

  The doctor lifted a strap and deftly
buckled it about Tom’s right wrist; then
another at his right elbow; a third about
Tom's shoulders, under the arms. The left
arm was similarly pinioned. The legs were
gathered in. And the doctor stepped back
and surveyed his handiwork.

  “ I expected we might need that,” he re-
marked. “ Had it made on purpose.”

  “ Thanks,” said Tom dryly.

  “ Vince will feed you hereafter. You’ll
sleep in that thing. It can be made into a
reclining chair. You’ll stay in that—till I
need you.”

  Tom tried to grin. “ Just as you say,
doc.”

  “ Exactly,” Dr. Sleen agreed. “ Just as
I say.”
304

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

   Tom's further captivity war- lacking in
incident. Archibald and Vince fed him.
forced him to eat when he was reluctant.
I'he chair held him in it* calm embrace
save for brief moments when, with Archi-
bald on one side anil Dr. Sleen on the other,
he was released and allowed to walk about
the garden. The chair, on such occasions,
was wheeled to the elevator and taken to
the lower floor, and Tom was wheeled
bodily out into the open air.

  He settled into a steady and concen-
trated effort to devise some escape. He
thought of opening a vein, bleeding himself
into a condition too weak for the operation:
and he tried this. That is to say. he tried
to get near enough the window to break a
pane of glass and get a piece and cut him
self with it; but he never succeeded even
in breaking the glass.

  On the second day. when his chair was
wheeled out on the veranda, he took a
desperate chance and toppled it down the
front steps. Mis hope was that he might
be maimed, bruised, injured in some way
that would unfit him for the doctor’s uses.
Hut the chair perversely rolled down the
steps without touching .-o much as the hair
of his head, to the stones, righted itself,
and coasted down the graveled path to the
lawn without so much as a jolt.

  Even then ho did" not surrender. His
body was bound, but his spirit was un
tamed. And his grin was as broad as ever
Hut fate and the passing hours were in
exorable.

  Came an evening when Vince and Archi-
bald showed symptoms of subdued excite-
ment; when John T. Guhvorthy visited him
for the first time since his captivity had
begun; and when at last Dr. Sleen came to
examine him with new solicitude.

  "What’s the excitement, doc?" Iom
asked him cheerfully. - Everybody'.- in a
whee to-night."

   Doctor Sleen nodded. " .Mr. Corpus has
arrived.” he explained seriously, the tri-
umphant light of the scientist in his eye.

   Tom shifted uneasily in his bonds: and
Dr. Sleen bent and pressed his ear against
Tom’s breast to listen to Tom’s wheels go
round. Tom tried lo lean far enough for-
ward to bile the back of the doctor’s neck.

 He longed lo be able to breathe fire like a
 dragon and burn the doctor to a cinder.
 Hut Dr. Sleen stepped back, after a mo-
 ment, unscathed.

    •	You’re in fine shape, sir," he ap-
 plauded.

   " Thanks," said Tom. " And now that
 Corpus is on hand. I suppose the party will
 begin. I'd like to meet the old guy first.”

    The doctor smiled and shook his head.

 ' I’m afraid that isn't possible. Any ex-
 citement his heart is in a delicate condi-
 tion. >iai understand—we have to keep him
 very quiet."

   •• I see. " Tom assented. Then: - Do
 you think it 1 yelled, it would do the trick
 for him? I've got a strong voice.”

    I don't want to have to gag you, young
 man. For the short time that remains,
 will you not be more docile?”

   The short time?” Tom interrupted.

 J-just how short?”

    " The operation,” said Dr. Sleen. " will
 be performed to-morrow evening."

    Tom gulped: then he took a deep breath.

    " In that case, doc,” he grinned cheer-
 lully. you’ll best be on your way. I want
 some sleep."

    " C.ood night." --aid Dr. Sleen.

   "Good night!" barked Tom.

CHAPTER XIII.

nil' ITIIKK CONK.

 THE day that followed was by ail odds
 the most painfully distressing of
 Tom's life. He was gloomy; and
 there was no cheering him. Vince tried
 every wile he knew without success: and
 even Goliath Archibald Beauregard took a
 hand. He came in and told Tom a funny
 .-ton. and laughed tremendously at his own
 jest, but Tom did not join in his mirth.

    This was at .-i.\ o’clock in the morning.
 Tom had not slept during the night; and.
 by the same token, neither had Vince. So
 lar as Iom ever discovered, Vince never
 slept. He appeared, at. a moment's notice,
 at any hour of day or night; and always
 he was fully clad, neat, calm, and quiet.
 Even in the midst of the mental perturba-
 tion of that last dav. Tom found time to
AFTER HIS OWN HEART,

wonder how Vince did it; and he asked the
valet for an explanation. Vince smiled
with pride.

   " It is a part of my art, sir," he ex-
plained.

  “ Sure. I know that. But how do you
work it? 1 might want to be a valet my-
self some day.”

   “ It is perfectly simple, sir,” Vince ex-
plained. “ During the day, 1 am, of course,
always on duty. At night, when 1 lie down
for a bit of a snooze, sir, when 1 am likely
to be called, I only remove my coat, sir.
1 have a special coat that 1 wear at such
times, sir. The white collar and tie and
shirt-front are attached to it; and when I
am called, I need only to slip on this coat,
button it up the front, and button two but-
tons that fasten the shirt inside the coat
at the left side, sir." He demonstrated, to
Tom’s delighted interest.

  “ Like one of those things we used to
call a ‘ dicky,’ ” Tom commented; but
Vince shook his head.

   “ No, indeed, sir. The dicky is merely
a collar and shirt-front, sir. Very unhandy.
1 was forced to discard them, early in my
career.”

  “ I should think your trousers would
rumple.”

   “ I have trained myself to sleep on my
side, with my legs straight, sir. Thus the
trousers fall into .the 'natural crease, as I
lie, and they lo.ok better when I rise than
when I lay down in them, sir.”

   Tom lost interest. He was still buckled
fast into die reclining chair; and the strain
of lying for so long in one position was
tormenting him. He dreaded the passing
of the hours; but he welcomed the coming
of daylight and breakfast, because it meant
he could sit upright again. He had given
up hope, this past week, of cajoling Vince.
The thing was not possible. And Goliath
was too phlegmatic to be moved by any
appeal Tom could contrive. His only
chance, he knew now. lay in a break for
liberty at the last minute, when every one
would be concerned with the other party
to this projected transaction.

  He wondered how Judah B. Corpus had
spent the night. I hope he didn’t sleep a
wink.” he told himself.

   9	A-S

305

  The breakfast was delicious, as Vince’s
breakfasts always were; but Tom could not
eat it. He wasn’t hungry. He preferred to
sit still and listen to the throbbing of the
pulse in his neck. He had never fully ap-
preciated his heart before; but now that
there appeared to be no escaping its loss,
he awoke to a real affection for the plod-
ding thing. " Always on the job,” he solilo-
quized. “ Never watching the clock. Never
quitting; never loafing. Old Judah B. will
get a good one if he gets you.”

  He shuddered and felt sick. The skin
on his breast crawled and shrank as though
from the very touch of Dr. Sleen’s knife.
'I'om shut his eyes: and the vision of that
knife became clearer, so he opened them
again and held them wide open. So long as
he could see actual objects, imaginary ter-
rors would not harass him. He dared not
even wink, for fear that vision would ap-
l>ear again.

  Toward the middle of the morning Dr.
Sleen came to examine Tom. He spent
half an hour in this occupation; and at
length straightened up with a smile of sat-
isfaction on his countenance.

  “ Excellent! Excellent, young man!” he
applauded.

  Tom managed to grin. “Think I’m
prime, do you?” he inquired.

  “Splendid, sir!”

  “ How's old Jude?”

  “ Mr. Corpus?”

  “ Yes. Is he doing his share as well as
I'm doing mine?”

  Dr. Sleen eyed ’I'om gravely. 11 He is a
very great man, Mr. Duncan,” he declared.
“ And he is a brave man. He is submitting
to this perilous operation—I will not con-
ceal from you the fact that it is perilous,
sir—with the highest fortitude. He is calm,
self-contained, sure of himself. He has
conducted his business up till yesterday;
he has put his affairs in order: he is resting
quietly to-day, and looking confidently for-
ward to this evening.”

  “ That's all right,” Tom protested. “ But
is this going to be a fair swap? Is he doing
his best to deliver the goods to me in prime
>hape?”

  “ Well— of course, his organs are im-
paired, young man. But I feel I can prom-
306

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

ise you that with proper attention to your
health, you will some day be almost as well
as ever.”

   “ You promise that, do you?"

   “ Barring accidents, yes.”

  “Oh! Barring accidents? What kind of
accidents?”

   Dr. Sleen held up his hand. “ You must
understand, sir, that when we undertake to
divert the circulation into new channels, we
take chances.”

   “ Oh, you’re taking a terrible chance,
doc. I pity you, Dr. Sleen. I really do.”
The surgeon was not a whit abashed.
“ Thank you, young man. I trust, how-
ever, that my hand may prove as steady
and as sure as it has always been in the
past. I trust so, for your sake, my friend.”
Tom felt seasick; but he grinned. Dr.
Sleen departed with a final, bland explana-
tion. “ I must go now and rest.” he called.
“ I wish to be very calm and cool. I shall
not see you again, Mr. Duncan, until this
evening.”

   “ Well, I don’t wish you any hard luck,
doc,” Tom called after him. “ But if you
choke to death on your dinner, I’ll see to’t
you get the best funeral in Xew York
State.”

   Dr. Sleen smiled his appreciation of this
jest, waved a large, hairy hand, and was
gone.

   After lunch Vince suggested casino; but
Tom snarled at him. Vince hovered over
the captive attentively. “ Perhaps I can
read something to you, sir?”

   “ Sure,” Tom assented indifferently. “ Go
ahead and read!”

  “ Er—and—er—what shall I read, sir?”
  “ Anything.”

   Vince turned to the shelves. It was evi-
dent that he was not a reading man. He
called over his shoulder presently: “ Here's
a book about flowers, sir.”

   “ All right,” Tom agreed. “ Read that."
“ It’s called 1 The Black Tulip,’ sir.”
Tom did not hear. His thoughts had
drifted off, leaving Vince far behind: and
he did not give the little man any further
attention until a chance phrase caught his
ear. Vince had come to the scene which
describes the murder of the brothers by the

 Dutch mob; and he was reading it with
 unction. The blow, the knives, the hot
 flesh hawked about the streets for pen-
 nies—

 “ Stop!” Tom shouted. And Vince raised
 a startled countenance. “ That’s not about
 flowers. That’s no kind of a book to read
 to a man who—to a man that—to me—”
 Vince was blankly apologetic. “ I beg
 your pardon, sir. I judged by the title;
 and then, when I began to read, I was so
 engrossed that it never occurred to me—”
 “If I was out of this blasted chair,”
 Tom vowed, “ something painful would oc-
 cur to you in half a minute. What do you
 think I— Vince, I’m surprised at you!
 You’ve failed me! You’ve wronged me!
 You are heartless, Vince—heartless! And
 I thought you were a kindly man.”

 “ I do beg your pardon, sir. I really do.”
 “ I can never forgive you, Vince.”

 “ Quite so, sir. But I do beg—”

 Tom interrupted. “Vince!”

 “ Yes, sir.”

 “ You’ve made me unnecessarily misera-
 ble, Vince.”

 “ Yes, sir.”

 “ It’s only fair that you should do some-
 thing to soothe me, Vince. To calm me!”
 Vince hesitated. “ That’s—that’s very
 true, sir.”

 “ Vince—is the young lady still here?”

 “ Oh, my orders, sir—”

 “ Is she here, Vince? Answer me, or say
 nothing. You are a hard man, Vince.”

 “ Oh, no, sir. My heart is tender, and—”
 “ Is she here, Vince?”

 Vince struggled visibly between duty and
 desire; and at length he fell. “ Why—yes,
 sir."

 Tom fixed the valet with his eye. “ Vince,
 I’m a dying man.”

 “ Oh, no, sir.”

 “ I am, Vince. I know it.”

 “ I hope not, sir.”

 “ Vince, would you refuse anything to a
 dying man?”

 “ Not—not willingly, sir.”

 “ Then Vince, do this. Go to the young
 lady. Beg her to forgive me for dragging
 her into this. Tell her good-by for me\
 And tell her, Vince, that I shall always
 love her.”
AFTKR HIS OWN HEART.

307

  Vince was in a terrible dilemma. The
perspiration stood out on his forehead. He
trembled.

  To do what Tom asked was 'to violate
his orders, was to invite the vengeance of
Gulworthy. And that vengeance led to
the chair. But not to do what Tom asked
was to violate every impulse of Vince’s own
heart; anti as he had proved more than
once, he was a tender-souled and senti-
mental man. He loved to bear such mes-
sages as this: such messages, particularly,
as the last sentence of this message. Such
words thrilled him.

   He turned to Tom. " 1 will do it. sir.
On condition that you do not betray me."

  Tom grinned — and groaned. " Dead
men tell no tales, Vince," he said dolefully.

   " 1 will do it, sir.” Vince promised. He
summoned Goliath to stay near Tom, and
himself went on his way.

  Half an hour later, he returned. He
looked mysterious and important; and he
sent Archibald from the room and bent
over Tom. Tom looked up at him hungrily.
" Well?" he asked.

   “ I told her what you said. >ir."

  ■	What did she say?"

  •	Her message was brief, sir. hut it
was—

  "What was it, man? What was it?"

   •• She said, sir—” And Vince straight-
ened, and repeated in a parrotlike tone:
"‘I do! Au rev air! And 1 too!'"

   Tom stared. " ‘ 1 do! .lit revoir! And
I too!’” he repeated. ■ What does that
mean?"

   “ You forget your message to her. sir."

  " My message—’’

   “ There were three divisions of your mes-
sage; there are three divisions of her reply,
sir. May I explain?”

  "Go ahead! Quick, man!”

  " You said: * Beg her to forgive me.’
She says: 1 do!’ You said: ■ Good-by!’
She says: 'Au revoir!' You said- " Vince
blushed happily. " Ah, sir, have you for-
gotten the last clause of your message?”

  “ No. Of course not. And her answer—"
Tom remembered her answer: and his eyes
lighted eagerly. " Vince," he commanded.
“ shake me by the hand."

  The valet shook Tom s manacled hand

warmly. And Torn cried: “ Vince, you’re
an angel! Thanks immensely. Now—let
me be quiet and think, Vince.”

  Vince fell obediently into an inconspicu-
ous and shadowy presence, haunting the dis-
tant corners of the room. And Tom
thought over and over Sally’s message, and
drew from it a promise that had escaped
Vince's notice. Vince had an eye for senti-
ment: a romantic word obscured all else
from his view. But not so I'om. Tom
was in love, but he was also practical. He
had said: "Good-by!” She replied: "Ah
revoir!" And Tom felt, instinctively, that
she would not have used that hope-arous-
ing phrase without reason.

  So there was still a chance. He would—
He was still absorbed in these pleasant
retlecdons when Vince served dinner; and
he was so checred by this chance of a last-
minute reprieve that when Vince and Beau-
regard released him from the chair and
politely bade him don pajamas, he obeyed
without dissent.

  It was only when he had incased him-
self in the silken garments that he realized
their significance; and then he took it cheer-
fully. " These are like the black suits they
put on in the—” he exclaimed; but Vince
shuddered and cried out:

  " Ah, sir, I pray—”

  " I beg your pardon, Vince,” Tom apolo-
gized. “ I forgot your sensitiveness on
such topics. 1 ”

  The door into the hall slowly opened;
and through this opening a man appeared.
This man was dressed in a long, white
cloak; and white bandages enshrouded his
head and the lower part of his face. He
was unrecognizable; and he looked like a
ghost. He walked into the room, and be-
hind him came a long, narrow, padded
plank, mounted on wheels like a cart. An-
other man. similarly clad, pushed this con-
trivance. They entered in the most pro-
found silence; they were like nothing so
much in the world as a pair of executioners.
And Tom shuddered.

  Vince touched his arm. “ They are
ready for you, sir,” he reminded Tom.

  For an instant Tom hesitated. “ Should
he right Take the last slim chance—
Risk it—”
308

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  But Archibald closed in behind him; and
Tom stiffened himself and grinned and
shook Vince’s hand. “ G’-by, Vince.” he
said. “ You’re a good fellow. Take care
of yourself.”

  “ I hope I shall take care of you during
your—er—convalescence, sir."

  Tom shook his hand again. " That's sure
some hope, Vince. I hope so. too."

  He shook hands with Goliath. • You're
all right, Archie,” he told the giant.
“You’re there, forty ways."

  “ Ya-as,” said Archibald, and crushed
Tom’s fingers to a pulp. Tom was glad to
escape from him. He turned to the two
men in the white robes.

  “What do I do now?” he asked.

  “ Lie down on this,” said one man. and
indicated the padded, cartlike contrivance.
Tom eyed it with repulsion; but he obeyed.

  It was a few inches longer than he; a
few inches wider. When Tom had stretched
himself on his back upon it. the men deftly
buckled a strap about his ankles, another
about his waist. They caught his wrists
into buckled loops; and they drew tight
another strap across his chest. Tom
grinned good humoredly, and wondered if
his heart was going to break his ribs with
its pounding.

  When he was secured, Vince opened the
door, and the two men—one at either end of
the cart—wheeled Tom into the hall. They
went along the hall, and then into the
elevator.

  “Going down!” Tom called. “ By-by,
Vince.”

  “ Good-by, sir,” Vince shouted, from the
door of the room.

  The elevator began its descent.

  The elevator sank from the third floor to
the first; but one incident marked that
short journey. At the moment when they
were passing the level of the second floor.
Tom caught the sound of voices.

  They were strenuous voices; and they
were upraised in a violent altercation. And
one voice was the voice of Sally.

  These voices came from some closed room
on the second floor. Tom caught a word
or two.

  “You sha’n’t! You sha’n't do it!"
This from Sally. “ I’ll have you arrested—”

  And then, the voice of a big man in a
towering rage: the voice, Tom decided, of
Judah B. Corpus, the answer:

   Be silent! Say no more! I am de-
termined! If you make trouble, you will
regret—”

  The elevator sank below the floor level;
and the voices were cut off. Tom,grinned
cheerfully. At least, Sally was keeping up
the fight, and to the last minute. He won-
dered how she had managed to see old
Corpus—

  The elevator stopped. The cart with
Tom as burden was wheeled out into the
hall; along the hall; and so at last into a
room that dazzled Tom.

  This room was white as snow. The
rubber tires of the cart rolled on a white-
tile floor; the walls were of white tile, and
the ceiling. In the center of the ceiling, a
cluster of a dozen huge incandescents shed
a blinding light down upon those in the
room. There were other lights on the walls,
a solid row of them.

  Directly below the ceiling cluster. Tom.
by turning his head, could see two white
enamel tables with glass tops. They were
set side by side like twin beds; and Tom
grinned and thought: “ One for Jude and
one for me.” There were white buckets
and basins beside these tables: and there
was a set of glass shelves close at hand.
On these shelves glittered an array of
nickel-plated instruments that gave Tom
the creeps. Slender knives; needles;
scissors—

  They had wheeled his cart against one
wall of the room: and the two men who
had brought him went out and returned
presently in new white robes, stiff and
fresh. Besides these two. there were three
other men in the room. All wore the white
shrouds; all were unrecognizable by reason
of gauze bandages bound across their
mouths and noses.

  Two of these men wheeled a little glass
table the size of a tea cart over to where
Tom lay. On this table there lay a large,
cone-shaped contrivance with an opening
in the top of the cone filled with cotton
and gauze; and beside this cone there was
a can, the label turned the opposite way
from Tom.
AFTER HIS OWN HEART

309

  But he knew what that can contained.
You couldn't fool Tom. And lu- tried to
sit up. " 1 say." he protested. " I don’t
want any ether. I've got nerve. I want
to see what's happening. Don't try that
-tuff on me. I won't stand for it."

  One of the men said soothingly. " There
don’t worry. This will just dull the
pain a little. You’ll he able to watch the
whole thing. It's all right—quite all right! "
They waited. They seemed to await
some signal. And presently it came, came
in the shrilling of a bell so near where Tom
lay that he almost jumped out of his bonds.
The two men moved. " Now!" said one.

  He set his finger on Tom’s pulse. The
other lifted the cone and pushed it firmly.
down over Tom’s face. It covered eyes and
nose and mouth.

  Tom waited, holding himself still with an
effort. For a moment, nothing happened.’
Then he smelled something, something
not unpleasant. At the same lime, he felt
a little stifled. He breathed deep, again,
again. He could not seem lo get any air.
He said as much in a muffled tone.

  " I can’t breathe.” he mumbled. " I can't
breathe. Take it off a minute.”

  The cone was not removed. That made
Tom mad. He writhed in his bonds. And
then he realized that he was losing con-
sciousness. He knew that was a mistake.
They had told him so. He shouted: " Hey,
I'm going under. I'm going under. Hey.
take it off! Take it— Take— it--’’

  He couldn’t shout any more: he couldn't
get his breath. But just then the cone was
lifted for a minute. Tom was perfectly
conscious. He couldn’t see any one: but
he was conscious. He heard sounds.

  Some one lifted his eyelid; and such a
simple thing as that toppled Tom off the
brink of the conscious world, and he fell a
million miles into feathery oblivion.

CHAPTER XIV.

A JOl.'RNEY IN TH I 1).\KK.

IT was twelve minutes past nine o'clock
j! in the evening when Tom war- put under
ether.

Two hours and seven minutes later, or

at nineteen minutes past eleven, a man
came out of the Corpus cottage on the is-
land. and ran down through the garden
paths to the boat-house.

  This man was large. A momentary
glimpse of his figure as he emerged from
the lighted hall showed thick hair on the
backs of his hands, showed the unmis-
takable silhouette of Dr. Sleen.

  Dr. Sleen ran down to the boat-house
like a man who is pursued. He looked
over his shoulder as he ran; and he ran
swi ftly.

   In the boat-house, alongside the slip, lay
a big power-boat. Dr. Sleen jumped into
this boat. He pressed a button that lighted
an electric bulb above her engines; and in
this light he began to work on the engine,
making numberless adjustments. He
worked in haste. His usually deft hands
were clumsy, bungling. He dropped things,
and picked them up again with difficulty.
But his impatience and anxiety found no
vent in words. I le worked in a feverish
silence.

  Three minutes after he emerged from the
cottage, the mansion, two other men came
out the front door; and then two more;
and then three.

  The second pair of men pushed between
them a long, narrow, padded plank,
mounted on two wheels, like a cart.

  There was a man's limp body buckled
in place upon this perambulating plank.

  Four of the men lifted the cart bearing
the body down to the garden path. Then
the two who had pushed it out of the
house, turned and went back inside. In
the hall they paused for an instant, looking
at each other furtively. Said one:

   *' I hope there’s no slip!”

  “ God— me too,” the other agreed.

  Outside, the group of men were trundling
the cart down the path toward the boat-
house. They went slowly, carefully, easing
the wheels gently over every roughness in
the path. When the limp body lurched
to one side or another in its bonds, the men
toward whom it lurched shrank instinctively
away.

   They reached, at last, the slip beside the
boat-house. They pushed the cart out on
this slip, one man in front, another behind.
310

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  One of the wheels slipped off the edge;
it overhung the water; the cart tilted that
way.

  The men caught it, dragged it back to
safety. It was possible to hear them
breathe deep with the relief of the rescue—
one of the men wiped his forehead with his
handkerchief.

  Dr. Sleen climbed up out of the power-
boat. For all the terror and excitement
under which the big man was laboring, he
dominated this group of trembling men.
He spoke to them in whispers, clapping
them on the shoulder, heartening them.

  “ Guhvorthy and Archibald and I will
do it,” he told them. “ You don’t need to
worry at all. This is our job. It's up to
us to take the risk. You gentlemen take
the other boat—it's ready to run—and land
wherever you like.”

  One man stammered: “ Where are you
going?”

  “ Just as well you shouldn’t know. Can
one of you run the other boat?”

  One of them said he could. Dr. Sleen
waved his hand. “ All right. Go along,
the rest of you. We'll manage, now.”
They accepted the dismissal with obvious
relief, and climbed into their craft, and
chugged away. Dr. Sleen watched them go;
then he turned to the two men who re-
mained with him. One was John T. Gul-
worthy. The other was Archibald. In the
reflected light from the little bulb above
the power-boat’s engines, Guhvorthy's face
showed white and wet with a cold damp of
terror. Archibald’s tiny countenance on
his huge body was as calm as that of a cow.
To complete the simile, he was chewing
something that pleased him, and his ex-
pression was blissful.

  “ Brace up, Gulworthy,” Dr. Sleen ad-
vised. “ You ought to have taken a drink.”
“ I d-did,” Gulworthy asserted.

  “ Oh, I mean a real drink.”

  “ I had two t-t-tumblers of brandy.”
Sleen stared; then he laughed. " It’s a
wonder you’re not dead.”

  Gulworthy shuddered, gripped the doc-
tor’s arm. “ God's sake, Sleen! That’s
an awful word. Don’t you—”

  The surgeon laughed. Gulworthy’s ter-
ror had given him confidence. He looked

at Goliath. “ You don’t look scared, Archi-
bald. Are you?”

  “ Ya-as! ”

 “ Scared? What about? Why? We’ll
take care of you.”

  “ Ya-as,” Archibald admitted calmly.
“ Ya-as, I think maybe you will. That
might be nice.”

  “ Exactly,” Sleen agreed. “ We’ve got
to protect you to protect ourselves.”

  “ Ya-as,” said Archibald again.
Guhvorthy touched the doctor’s arm.
“ C-can’t we get s-s-s-s-started?” he begged.
“ I’m cold.”

  “ Right,” the surgeon assented. He bent
over the body on the cart; then changed
his mind. “ Archibald, you unbuckle—
him. I’ll get the boat ready. You lift—
him down in.”

  “ Ya-as,” said Archibald; and he bent
above the cart and fumbled with all his
thumbs for the buckles. Dr. Sleen and
Gulworthy climbed down into the boat.
Guhvorthy prowled the length of the craft
like a dog seeking a bed, and at length went
inside the tiny cabin and huddled on a
bench that ran along one side.

  Archibald freed the body from its buckles
and came, with the limp thing in his arms,
and handed it down to Dr. Sleen. The
surgeon bore it into the cabin and laid it
on the bench across from where Gulworthy
sat. The lawyer stared, eyes wide; and he
asked pitifully:

  “ Are you going to leave it—”

  “ Right there,” Dr. Sleen assented.
“ And—if we should happen to be ques-
tioned—or anything—he's asleep, drunk.
Understand?”

  Gulworthy backed to the door. “ I—
I’ll stay out here,” he decided. And he
retreated to the stern and crouched there.
All the little man’s dapperness was gone.

  Archibald was methodically casting off
the boat’s moorings; and at last he jumped
aboard her, and took a boat-hook and
pushed her free of the slip. Dr. Sleen
started the engines; they churned ahead
with slowly gathering speed.

  The water began to boil under her bow.
They swung in a circle and headed straight
for the distant shore. Dr. Sleen was at the
wheel. Guhvorthy crouched in the shadows
AI IKK HIS OWN II KART.

311

aft. Archibald sal near Dr. Sleen and
chewed like a meditative cow.

   After an hour's run. the fast craft swung
up to a mooring in sheltered waters, where
others like her doted the darkness all
around. They moored her. and then Dr.
Sleen and Archibald, silently and with the
utmost care, lifted die limp thing that lay
in the cabin and lowered it into the tender
'that the motor-boat had dragged astern.
Archibald took the oars, Gulworthy sat in
the tender's bow; and Dr. Sleen. astern,
sheltered the body from any chance "lance
in his own shadow.

  Gulworthy called once, timorously:
" Suppose your car's gone, doctor?"

  “ It's not," Dr. Sleen assured him. I
drove it here myself, locked it in my own
private garage that I've had here for years
—since he bought the island. It will be
there."

  “ I—hope s-so."

  It was. They landed, and while Archi-
bald and Gulworthy stayed in the boat with
the body. Dr. Sleen ran up the street to
his garage. Presently the car itself rolled
down to the pier: and Gulworthy sighed
with relief.

  Archibald lifted the body up till Dr.
Sleen could catch it and carry it to the
car. Gulworthy climbed after it; and
Archibald made fast the boat and followed,
chewing silently. At the car. Gulworthy
begged: “ I.et me drive, Dr. Sleen?"

  The surgeon laughed. " I wouldn't let
you drive a pair of snails across a billiard-
table, in die present slate of your nerves.
Get in."

  He haif thrust Gulworthy into the
tonneau. The top was up. and the. cur-
tains were closed, so that the interior of
the car was black dark. Gulworthy stum-
bled over a limp foot: and when he sat
down he found Dr. Sleen had propped the
body up to share the seat with him. Archi-
bald sat down on the other side of the thing.
It lolled between them. The car started
with a jerk and a roar: and the head
dropped on Gulworthy s shoulder. He
stifled a scream.

  Half-way to the city, they blew out a
tire; and Dr. Sleen had to replace it. Gul-
worthy and Archibald climbed out to watch

the process; and after a lime Gulworthy
commented shiveringly:

" A terrible end to this night. Dr. Sleen.”
The doctor looked up and nodded
thoughtfully. " 1 had expected this night
would make me immortal. Gulworthy. In-
stead— "

  He shook his head; and Archibald said
soberly: " Ya-as, I think so.”

  Sleen looked at him. " You think what?”
  " Oh. ya-as. just think about it.”

  The surgeon laughed. “ It’s all right,
Archibald. Don’t worry yourself about it.”
The giant shook his head. " You might
worry." he suggested mildly.

  “ I might.’’ Sleen agreed. " But 1 don't
propose to. Do you. Gulworthy?”

  Gulworthy lifted protesting hands.
” Don't talk. man. Ilurrv. It will be day-
light--”

  Sleen screwed the last nut in place and
thumped the new tire. " All right. Get in.
I’m ready."

  Their ride began again.

  By and by they entered the outermost
purlieus of Brooklyn, and rode cheek by
jowl with the early-flitting milkman through
the empty streets. Across the bridge and
swiftly up-town, the first faint hint of
dawn tingeing the eastern skies. And so at
last they ground to a halt.

  They had halted before a boarding-
house; the establishment of Mrs. Gall,
where once Tom Duncan had dwelt. It was
still dark and chill. Dr. Sleen stepped out
of the car and tipioed up the front steps
and tried the door with a key.

  It opened. He left it slightly ajar, and
descended to the car again.

   •• You’ll go first, Gulworthy." he directed.
See that the coast is clear. I’ll follow,
with Archibald to help me.”

  The lawyer protested feebly. " There's
no need of my going. I—”

  " We’re all in this,” Dr. Sleen insisted
grimly. “ Come, move. The house will
be awake in an hour. And for Heaven’s
sake go quietly."

  Gulworthy nodded.

  ■' You know the room?” Sleen asked.

  " Yes. I helped in the original search.”

  ■	All right. Go on!"

  Gulworthy falteringlv climbed the steps
312

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

to the front door; he pushed the door open
and looked inside; he listened.

  Then he turned, and beckoned for his
companions to follow, and stepped inside
the house.

  The two big men lifted the limp body
out of the car between them. They gripped
it by the shoulders and bore it so. as though
their burden were half-conscious, with
dragging, drunken feet.

  They crossed the sidewalk, climbed the
steps, entered the hall.

  Gulworthy was half-way up the first
flight. They followed him.

  They went upward endlessly, it seemed
to Dr. Sleen. He was perspiring, trem-
bling, desperately afraid. Every door they
passed was an ambush from which he ex-
pected an accuser to appear. He caught
his breath each time a door was safely
passed.

  They were fortunate on this upward
progress; they woke no one; and thus they
came at last to the door of Tom Duncan's
room. Gulworthy opened the unlocked
door and entered. The two followed, with
the limp thing between them. They laid
it gently down on the bed. Dr. Sleen bent
over it, stood up at last, his countenance
ghastly. His foot kicked against some-
thing, and he looked down and saw the
corner of a trunk. And he gripped Gul-
worthy’s arm.

  “ Some one’s taken this room!" he whis-
pered fiercely.

  Gulworthy shook his head. That's—
his. I had it sent back as soon as we—
had him.”

  Dr. Sleen's strength returned to him.
“■ Oh—all right. Have you got the en-
velope—the letter—the—”

  “ Yes.” Gulworthy drew something
white from his pocket, turned to the dresser,
propped this thing against the mirror.

  The men backed toward the door, eyes
fastened on the still thing on the bed. They
passed out into the hall, and the door closed
behind them. Dr. Sleen wiped his forehead.

  They turned and went swiftly and fur-
tively down the stairs. None barred their
way. The car, engine purring, awaited
them. The street was empty.

  They leaped in, even Archibald scram-

bling with haste. The car plunged. They
were gone.

CHAPTER XV.

THE AWAKENING.

A BILLOWY sea of black water; a sea
of black water which was strangling
and stilling him. And he had for-
gotten how to swim. His efforts were dis-
jointed. hopeless, frantic. They drove him
under the water again and again. He
choked and coughed and sighed.

  Suddenly, a bird began to sing. He could
not see the bird; but he could hear the
song. It was lively, gay. tinkling; it was
like the sound of well attuned bells, ringing
in concord.

  At first thi.- sound was pleasant; then
it grew louder, it was incredibly persistent.
It became a jangling tumult; it was deafen-
ing him. He tried to swim, to escape it—
and he sank into the black waters of ob-
livion again.

  But this oblivion was no longer absolute.
Even while he slumbered in it, he heard
things. They were indefinable; but they
persisted. And then he drifted to the sur-
face, and his face came out into the open
again; he breathed: he heard the Ljell-like
songs.

  The black water solidified under him: he
found it was solid earth. On this earth he
ran, wildly, to escape the jangling bells.
The land was strange: he had never seen
it before. There were houses: but they
were unfamiliar.

  The pursuing bells drove him into one
of them; he burst into a strange room, and
then he turned around and around, and
saw a girl standing at the door of the room.

  The girl was Sally: so Tom knew it was
time he awoke, and he opened his eyes.

  He shut them again instantly; shut them
and groaned. They hurt. They burned.
They were like hot coals: and he could see
nothing with them. The pain was sicken-
ing. He began to feel sick; seasick. He
would not have opened his eyes again for
the world.

  So. lying with eyes closed, heaving with
billows of discomfort. Tom drifted back
AFTER HIS OWN HEART.

313

to consciousness. The first thing that
identified itself to his senses was the cot on
which he lay. His hand, hanging at one
side of the cot, touched the iron bar of the
frame. A tag was tied to t'ne bar here: and
he felt the string, and thus knew the cot
was his own. He was lying, he understood,
in his own bed, in his own room, at Mrs.
Gall’s.

  Therefore, of course, he was dead. He
was sure of this without being sure why he
was sure; and the certainty was soothing,
so that he slipped back into a half-sleep,
half-stupor once more. This stupor per-
sisted for some little time; and during this
interval, the sun, climbing higher, peered in
at the window and scorched his leaden eye-
lids.

  Regretfully, at length, he approached
consciousness once more. His stumbling
thoughts began where they had left off.
He was in his own bed, in his own room.
Therefore, he was dead. Why? Why did
this conclusion necessarily follow? He
groped for an answer to this puzzle; and in
the end, he found it.

  They had told him that if he died, they
would take him to his own room and leave
him there, with a suicide note upon his
dresser.

  He turned his head weakly, and opened
his eyes, and peered toward the dresser.
He saw the white oblong of an envelope
propped against the mirror. This confirmed
his first conclusion. He was dead, and
need trouble himself no more about the
matter.

  But with the slow flooding back of his
senses, this conclusion no longer satisfied
him. There was a flaw in it somewhere.
He could not locate this flaw at first:
though he considered the situation very
painstakingly.

  But in the end, he remembered. If he
died, they were to leave him here, with a
note on the dresser, and a knife in his
breast.

  He could feel no knife in his lungs as he
breathed. The good air tasted very sweet
and clean; and he felt sure that if there
were a knife blade there, it would hurt him
to breathe. To make assurance doubly
sure, he lifted one hand, weakly, and passed

it across his breast. It struck nothing;
found the hilt of no weapon—

  He frowned with annoyance. A pretty
mix-up. Either he was dead, or he was not
dead, lie had a right to know; but how
was he to find out-—

  There was no one he could ask. He
must solve the mystery to the best of his
advantage.

  How?

  He decided to sleep a little while—he
was very sleepy—and investigate this other,
trilling matter at a later date. And so he
slept.

   While he slept this time, the influence of
the drug left him. When he awoke, only
a numb head and a dry mouth remained to
distress him. He awoke lazily, and opened
his eyes, and saw the familiar objects
among which he had lived. And, abrupt-
ly, he was wide awake, perfectly conscious,
remembering everything that had befallen
him up to the moment when some one
tweaked his evc-lid and he dropped into
oblivion.

  He sat up in bed, swung his feet to the
floor, caught the reflection of himself in the
mirror.

  And suddenly an appalling thought
struck him. His heart? It was gone. It
must be gone. Else how came he here?

  He struck his breast. He felt no pain
there. He ripped open coat and vest and
shirt and examined the smooth, white skin.
He went over his left side minutely, refus-
ing to be convinced. There was no scar, no
mark of the knife, no wound.

  Yet he could not have escaped them—
not after that ether cone closed down on
him. They must have had their will of
him.

  His back? Perhaps they had abstracted
his heart through his back. He tried to
feel for a scar there; but his contortions
were unsatisfactory. He could not cover
the ground. He must see.

  He ripped off his garments, baring his
torso; and he strode in front of the mirror
and turned his back to it and twisted his
head to look over his shoulder into the
glass. He turned his body back and forth,
inspecting it minutely.

  It was sound; whole. His back and
314

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

chest were alike innocent of knife-scars.
Ergo, his heart was still there.

  Even then, he could not believe. He
pressed a hand to his chest and could feel
no pulsation: he tried his pulse, fumbling-
ly: and his eyes lighted with triumph. Iiis
heart was still beating.

  It was only then that Tom fully accepted
the fact that he was alive. Alive! Free!
Some miracle! lie had no curiosity as to
the details. Ii was enough that he was
free.

  He threw himself on the bed and lay
there on his back, gloating over fate, lie
was free!

  And then he sat up quickly. They might
come for him again; they might have
brought him back here for some purpose
of their own. He was in danger so long as
they knew where he was. lie must escape,
elude them, travel, lie wished himself
in Saskatchewan.

  And he set about the task of getting
there with all the vigor that was in him.
Wriggled into his clothes! Discovered his
trunk and made sure it was packed! Stuffed
odds and ends into his bag!

  It was when he gathered up comb and
brushes to drop them in the bag that he
saw tl'.e letter. He had forgotten it; but
there it lay. leaning against the mirror,
staring up at him. It was addressed to
him; the address typewritten. He read
this address aloud, dully:

"Thomas Duncan.

\’ow York.

  " Now that," he told himself sapiently,
“ that was delivered by hand. The post-
office doesn’t know me as well as all that.
I know.”

  And after a moment: " And as far as
that goes, 1 must have been delivered by
hand, too." He grinned. “ 1 11 bet Archi-
bald had a share in that. Even the parcel-
post would balk at me.1'

  He turned the envelope over, saw that it
was sealed, tore off the end, pressed the
edges to force it o|>en, and looked curiously
inside.

  It was a large envelope: and he saw now
that it was well filled with money. Yellow
bills. His heart began to pound. He

slid the contents of the envelope out upon
the top of his dresser. The bills were bound
together in a sheaf. He picked them up
and counted them, twice.

  There were forty-nine bills of the de-
nomination of a thousand dollars; and there
was a careful selection of smaller denomi-
nations which brought the total to another
thousand. Tom made sure of his count.

  " Fifty thousand,” he said huskily.
“ I'-fifty thousand.” And he grinned.
“Well—that’s fair, Tom!”

  He realized then that a letter had lieen
enclosed with the money. It lay, unnoticed,
on his dresser. He picked it up and un-
folded it and read:

Dear Mr. Duncan :

  This should more than compensate you for any
(rouble or loss of time to which you may have
been subjected. You will he wise to content
yourself.

  If you go about your business with a closed
mouth, you will hear no more from us. If you
undertake to pursue the mailer, to investigate, to
prosecute, you will suffer things far worse than
those you have escapcd.

   I feel sure you are a wise young man.

(Signed) John X. Smith.

  This letter, as well as the signature, was
typewritten. And there was a postscript
which read:

   If you propose (o be discreet, write “Yes" on
(he back of this sheet, and mail it lo John X.
Smith. General Delivery, Grand Central Post-
Office.”

  Tom held up his right hand and took
oath to his image in the mirror that he was
content.

  “ I'm satisfied,” he swore. “ I’lum’ satis-
fied. Never again!”

  And he turned over the letter, wrote
•• Yes ” on the back of it, slipped it in an
envelope, addressed the envelope, and
thrust it in his pocket to be mailed.

  As he did this, some one knocked heavily
on the door.

  Tom was paralyzed for an instant. Then
he acted. He swept up the heap of bills
on the dresser, jammed them into his pock-
et, pulled the smallest chair within reach
of his hand, put himself on guard, and
called:

  " Come in!”
AFTER HIS OWN HEART.

315

  In the doorway appeared the form of
Archibald.

CHAPTER XVI.

SALI.Y PIM AGAIN.

WFIEX Tom saw Archibald in the
doorway, he was profoundly glad
there was a chair within reach. He
snatched it toward him. swung it into the
air, and brandished it above Archibald's
poll.

  “ Get out!” he commanded. " Get out!
I'll smash you! Never again. Goliath!
Avaunt! ”

  But Archibald only grinned stupidly and
moved to one side; and.this movement re-
vealed, close behind him, Sally Pirn.

  Tom lowered the chair and gasped.
Sally—a very serious and sober Sally—
said quietly: " it's 1. Tom. Don't hurt
Archibald.”

  Tom grinned. “ He brought you here.
I feel like kissing him."

  She smiled a little, faintly. But—
Tom—if you must kiss some one—”

  “ I must! ” he vowed, and threw the chair
across the room, and did. While Archi-
bald watched benignly.

  Sally’s arm was around Tom's neck: she
patted his shoulder softly. " I'm so glad
you're safe, Tom,” she whispered. " I was
so worried—”

  “ I was a dog to get you into it.”

  ‘•Oh!” She laughed, and stepped back
a little. “ I was never in any danger."

  He shook his head. You don't know
that bunch.”

  “ Oh yes I do, Tom. And besides
She turned to the giant. " Archibald i> a
friend of mine. He brought me your letter;
and he was looking out for me—and for
you, too. He would have saved you at
the last minute, in any case. But I hoped
to do it in another way. Persuasion—”

  “ Persuasion is no good with that
crowd.”

  She nodded soberly. “ I found that out.
Tom.”

  He turned and looked at Goliath, and
grinned and stuck out his hand. “ No
hard feelings, Archibald?”

  Archibald shook his head slowly.

  “ You don’t mind this young lady’s—”
  “• That might be nice,” said Archibald.
  ‘‘Oh—you give vour consent, then,

Archibald?"
u-as!"

  “ Shake!”

  They shook; and then Sally touched
Goliath's arm. “ Won't you wait down-
stairs. Archibald." she suggested. “ Tom
and I—”

   Archibald grinned ponderously, lifted an
elephantine hand, nodded his tiny head.

  Ya-as—I know!” he declared: and so de-
parted.

  When the door was closed, Tom caught
Sally's hands. He was full of his own story;
and it burst from him. “ I haven’t had a
chance to tell you. And you’d never begin
to guess. Do you know why they had me
out there?”

  Sally started to speak; but Tom rushed
on. •' They spotted me the day you gave
me the picture. Because I was husky. And
your friend Gulworthy kidnaped me and
offered me a million dollars for my heart.
Modern surgery! All that—”

   The girl touched his lips lightly with her
hand to silence him, and thus provoked an
irrelevant interruption of some minutes’
duration. And when they returned to the
subject, Tom demanded: "Can you be-
lieve that? It’s the fact. Sally. Ilonest!”
"I believe it!" she told him. “I—I
know it is all true!”

  He stared at her. You know it's true?
How? How did you get away from the
island, anyway? How did you find me
here?"

   She smiled at him softly. “ Will you let
me tell it—my own way?”

  He chuckled. “ If you don’t mind my
interrupting—”

  She evidently did not mind. Neverthe-
less, between these interruptions, she told
the story.

  “ It was Mr. Corpus who was to have—
a bit of your artery. Tom,” she said.

  “ I know.”

  “ Oh—they told vou that?”

   “ Yes.”

  “ They must have been very sure of
success.”
316

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

 " They claimed to be.”

 She nodded. “ 1 did not know that at
 first," she said. u Not when 1 came to the
 island; not till I had talked with Archibald.

 '■ You see, Tom— I- 1 know Mr. Corpus
 quite well. I thought he was fond of me.
 And when Archibald told me the thing
 they planned to do, 1 thought I could per-
 suade him to give it up. And I waited.

 “ He would come to the island the day
 before. 1 wanted to see him then. But
 they would not let. me. The next day, just
 before he was to go to—the operating-room

 he sent for me."

 " Sent for you?”

" Yes. To his room on the second
floor."

“I heard you!” Tam cried. “While
they were taking me down in the elevator,
1 heard you arguing with him. You
little-”

 “ 1 did my best, Tom. But—I failed.
 He refused to give up the plan. When I
 persisted, he flew into a terrible rage.
 He—"

 Some one buffeted the door, ami Tom
 opened it and saw Goliath. “ I think you
 might like a nice paper. ” said Archibald to
 Sally, and handed her the one he had
 brought. “ So I buy it.”

 “ Thank you, Archibald.”

 " Ya-as.” said the giant, and backed out
 again.

 Sally looked at the paper; and Tom saw
 her flush, and then turn pale, and she
 looked up at him.

 “ What is it?" he asked. " Anything
 wrong?”

 She held out the paper to him. “ Anger
 was—deadly for Mr. Corpus.” she said

(The

                 u

 softly. You the rest of the story is
 there.”

    Tom took the paper and spread it out
  before him; and his heart leaped with
  surprise.

    For, half across the page, a head-line
  read:

JUDAH B. CORPUS DEAD.

Magnate Stricken by Heart Disease on Eve of
Operation.

    Tom read this, and stared at the girl.
  “ That’s what saved me?” he whispered.

    She nodded. “ Yes!” And after a mo-
  ment. she rose and came and stood beside
  him, and pointed to the paper again.
  “ There is the rest of the story," she said.

    Tom followed her eye and saw what he
  had not seen before. In the middle of the
  page was a large photograph of the million-
  aire: and below and at one side, the picture
  of a girl. A girl who was indubitably
  Sally Pim.

   Below this picture was printed the
 legend:

Miss Sakaij I’m Corpus,

Magnate's Adopted Daughter and Sole Heir!

    When this had come home to him, Tom
  dropped the paper and turned slowly to the
  girl, and there was awe in his eyes. But
  there was none in hers. She cried softly:
  “ We were never anything to each other—
  he and I? I'm just an ordinary girl, Tom.
  Don’t be afraid of me.”

    And a little later, Tom was saying: “ I
  swore I wouldn't sell my heart to a Corpus;
  but Sally—I might be willing to trade.”

    " It’s a bargain,” said Sally Pim.
  end.)

U	V

 WINE

     BY LESLIE RAMON

 ’T’HE glass that's raised in careless glee,

     And grateful joy of freedom from some sullen care,
 May good intentions pledge: but then, beware!

 For when the bubble bursts, there’s naught but dregs
 To drain, and payment of the fee.
.Lamb

WEST of the Solomon Islands, in the
South Seas, is the island of Savo
—a three days’ run in a schooner
after rounding Cape Astrolabe. Savo used
to be a resort for the head-hunters of those
regions, and traders and missionaries still
fight shy of it. The near-by islands of
Malaita and Guadalcanar belonged to
Great Britain, but Savo belonged to King
Channa.

  King Channa was a small, dark islander,
who wore a white flax wig, and carried a
four-foot basket shield and spear. He was ex-
pert with the spear; also treacherous, which
is probably why the pile of skulls outside
his hut numbered a round score instead of
Channa’s skull decorating the hut of one of
his henchmen. He was afraid of nothing
except his own tabu, which was that he
must not touch fish. All his life he had
dreaded the sight of fish.

  Skipper William McKechnie vouches for
this, and McKechnie encountered Channa
during the affair of the Sweet Alice and the
Mongava pearl.

  McKechnie was master and half owner
of the trading schooner Auld Alfred. He
was a Scotchman, past copra pedler, and
pearl trader, who knew the by-ways of the
South Seas like a book. Hence it was not
surprising that a few days after he heard of
the wreck of the Sweet Alice on Savo he
headed his schooner for that place.

   It was late in the afternoon that the Auld
Alfred beat up to the north shore of Savo
and slipped cable in a convenient cove
within bowshot of the wrecked Sweet Alice.

Gordon, the sandy-haired mate of the
schooner, joined McKechnie on the after
deck after he had seen to the anchor, and
together they scanned the wreck on the
beach in silence.

  The Sweet Alice lay on her port side,
forty yards beyond the water’s edge, where
she had been driven by the force of the
hurricane, which had splintered her star-
board rail and snapped her foremast. Her
deck-house was crushed in, and she bore
unmistakable signs of pillage by the Savo
islanders. The hurricane that had wrecked
her had taken the lives, apparently, of
Dixon, her master, and Ilallie, her mate—
the only two white men aboard. At least,
such had been the report McKechnie heard.

  *' Gordon, man,” observed the weather-
beaten Scotchman at length, “ if ye can
ease a thought out o’ your sandy head, con-
sider yon wreck, anti tell me what is strange
about it.”

  The mate puffed tranquilly at a rank
pipe, and closed one eye in pretended medi-
tation.

    She lies high, Mr. McKechnie,” he
hazarded, “ but the surf must have topped
the beach to the etlge of the bush during
that tempest. Hallie lost his life trying to
swim the surf with a life-line before she
broke up.”

  Skipper McKechnie shook his head
sadly.

  “ The good book says, Mr. Gordon,
that there are them who have eyes and see
not. Ye have put your muddling finger
dead to the rights o’ the matter; still ye see
318

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

nothing strange. As ye said, Hailie, who
was a decent man, was lost in the surf.
Dixon, who was a scoundrel—having shot
more than one harmless heathen for his
amusement, besides kidnaping the brother
o' Channa—stayed on the vessel with the
crew. The report says that he was
drowned. One o’ the crew escaped to
Malaita with the tale.”

  " Well, and why not?” demanded Gor-
don.

  ■	Why not? Do ye ask me that? Xo
doubt ye think Dixon drowned himself in
the watcr-cask o’ the cabin out o’ repent-
ance for liis sins when he saw the Lord was
about to take him! Cast your eye over the
wreck, yon.”

  McKechnie pointed a blackened fore-
finger at the hulk on the beach.

   " Will ye notice, Mr. Gordon, that the
tale goes Dixon was drowned when the
vessel broke up. Ye will notice, no doubt,
she is not broken up. If Dixon had stuck
to his deck he would be alive this day.”

  •' Me might have been washed over the
side by a comber, Mr. McKechnie,” ob-
jected Gordon, who loved an argument.
“ Have you the testimony on oath of St.
Peter that the man was not washed over
the rail, which was splintered by the
crash?”

  McKechnic scanned the bulk of the
wreck with shrewd eyes.

  ■' Oh aye,” he grunted; “ I need no
word from the saints. If Dixon was swept
over the side did all the crew follow him?
Out o: love for the man that fed them
lousy tucker and strung them up by their
thumbs? Xo, Mr. Gordon; if ye had
brains instead o’ ballast in your top-
hamper. ye would know that if any o’ her
company had stuck to the Sweet Alice, they
would have lived, for she is not broken up.
And Dixon was no man to risk his life
when others would serve instead.”

   The Scotchman swept his arm across the
vista of the shore.

  " What happened to him when he
reached the beach? Where is he now.
Gordon; where is he?"

   “ A look over the bloomin’ tub might tell
us what you want to know, Mr. McKech-
nie,” suggested Gordon.

  By way of answer the skipper pointed
toward the bush. Gordon surveyed the
shore through binoculars, and saw what the
shrewd Scotchman had noticed- the glint
of spear-points among the ferns and an oc-
casional dark form that slipped from one
palm to another. The men of Savo had
sighted the schooner.

  “ We had best wait until the commis-
sioner sends the Thor here, Mr. (Jordon,”
said McKechnie. " The gunboat is headed
this way, L heard at Malaita. The British
navy is fast becoming curious about the
death o’ Dixon and the unlettered heathen
o’ Savo. Then we may do a wee bit in-
vestigating for ourselves the while.”

  “ The curiosity of a decrepit Scotchman
is a sad thing, to my way of thinking,” mut-
tered /Jordon, addressing his pipe.

  •• Curiosity, is it, Mr. Gordon?” Mc-
Kechnie eyed his mate hostilely. " Aye, it
may be that. But what if I tell ye Dixon
had on him the Mongava pearl?”

  Gordon had heard of the pearl—a beauty
of great size and purity that the native
divers of Mongava had brought to the sur-
face.

  " The Malaita traders told me the tale.”
went on McKechnie. " Dixon bought it
from the unlettered heathen o’ Mongava
for two pound, when he had them sweating
drunk on the Sweet Alice. Man, it was
robbery; but it cannot be proved, I’m
thinking. The Mongava pearl is worth five
hundred pound in Sydney and more in Lon-
don. Aye, Dixon had the pearl. And we
will find him or his body on the island o’
Savo.”

  Darkness closed rapidly over the cove
and the woods of Savo. A white line of
gentle surf marked the shore. Between
this line and tin: bush came forms invisible
in the darkness forms that carried shields
and spears. They gathered in a group by
the wrecked schooner, watching the riding
lights of the Auld Alfred. But when dawn
streaked up over the sea they were gone.

II.

   1.1 ixr E N A N T - Co M M A N D E R St. GEORGE
Barclay sat in a wicker-chair under the
awning on the after deck of H. M. S. Thor,
CHANNA’S TABU.

319

and wished that he had a better cigar than
the one he was smoking. Also he wished
that he could penetrate the secrets hidden
behind the bush of the beautiful island of
Savo.

  The commander of the gunboat was a
square-shouldered man of perhaps thirty-
two years, with a fresh, tanned face, and
mild, blue eyes. As he puffed at his cigar
a frown creased his brow. It was late in
the afternoon, and the heat had seeped in
under the awning and into every quarter
of the old gunboat. The brilliant green of
the foliage that lined the beach shadowed
the clear blue of the sea. A few cables’
lengths away the Auld Alfred was tran-
quilly at anchor. Opposite the war-ship
the wreck lay on the shore, some distance
above the water-line.

  Barclay’s eyes swept the scene, which
had grown familiar. Idly puffing smoke-
rings at the awning overhead, he ran over
in his mind the scanty fruits of his visit to
King Channa.

  The Thor had been ordered to Savo—
which the trading schooners avoided on ac-
count of the evil reputation of the place—to
learn how Dixon and Hallie had met their
death, and, if possible, to recover their
bodies. Also to salvage whatever valuables
were on the wrecked Sweet Alice, including
the Mongava pearl, which Malaita traders
asserted Dixon had with him. Barclay,
under orders from the commissioner, was to
settle the question. Like English navy men
throughout Asian waters, Barclay was an
unlisted court of appeal against crime, a
judge of the unwritten law. It was his task
to see fair play.

  Yet Barclay saw little chance of recover-
ing the pearl. King Channa, interviewed
at his village by the Englishman with a
party of marines, had confirmed the story
of the survivor of the Sweet Alice, who had
come to Savo from Malaita on the Thor.

  The Sweet Alice, declared Channa
through an interpreter, had struck the
beach of Savo during the climax of a hur-
ricane, and the one boatman had been the
only man to win ashore. The terrific wind
and the high surf had prevented the island-
ers from giving aid to the stricken ship.
Some bodies of the native crew had been

washed ashore later. That was all. Noth-
ing had been seen of the two white men of
the schooner.

  Channa and his spearmen had been in
high good temper, plainly flattered by the
visit from the war-ship. They admitted,
when Barclay pointed out that the vessel
had been looted, that they had taken the
ship’s furniture and fixings. But there had
been no cargo, as the Sweet Alice was in
ballast at the time, homeward bound for
Sydney. Xo one had appeared to claim the
vessel, so they had helped themselves.

  Not content with this, Barclay had made
a thorough inspection of the Sweet Alice,
followed by a search of the island, which
was small—being a scant ten miles around.
No trace of the white men had been found.
He was forced to admit to himself that
there was little for him to do at Savo. He
had not even found the ship’s papers of the
Sweet Alice.

  Barclay knew of the evil reputation of
Savo—of the head-hunting spearmen. He
had seen the treasured pyramid of bleached
skulls before Channa's hut. But the skulls
were old, and the deeds of the Savo men
belonged to a time before the coming of the
British.

  One curious thing he had seen. In talk-
ing with Channa he had idly flicked a dead
fish, which lay on the ground between them,
toward the king with his foot. Instantly
Channa had sprung back, his eyes wide
with terror. The action had alarmed the
spearmen, and for an instant there were
prospects of a free-for-all fight between the
islanders and the marines. Barclay had
quieted the disturbance, wondering at the
fear of Channa for a dead fish.

  The commander of the Thor looked up
as he saw a boat approaching the war-ship
from the schooner. The boat drew up be-
side the gunboat's ladder, and a few min-
utes later the stalwart form of Skipper
William McKechnie strode aft.

  The Scotchman greeted the naval officer
calmly, and appropriated a chair beside
Barclay. He sniffed at the smoke from the
latter’s cigar doubtfully, and drew a cigar
from his pocket. Barclay eyed this and
the weather-beaten face of the bald Scotch-
man curiously.
320

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Thi< is no' so bad, .Mr. Barclay." Mc-
Kechnie extended the cigai. And by the
smell o' the one ye have, ye might relish a
change. Tis a failing o' my male. Mr.
(iordon, to smoke Ihe weeds. 1 saw ye go
up to Channa's village this morning, when
I was visiting the sad remains o' the Sweet
Alice. How did ye like the bonny island o'
Savo. with its canny king?”

  Barclay exchanged cigars readily, ami
when the new one was alight ran his eye
appraisingly over the skipper.

  “ May I ask.” he inquired. " who you
are and what your business is at Savo?”

  '• Ye may ask.” responded McKechnie
agreeably, stroking his whiskers with a
stubby hand, “ and welcome. My name is
William McKechnie, master o’ the Auld
Alfred, yon. My business at Savo is no-
body else’s business.”

  The officer turned his blue eyes to the
Scotchman, who met them frankly. He
had heard of the master of the Auld Alfred,
who bore a record for honest but crafty
dealing.

  “ May 1 ask.” resumed McKechnie
calmly, “ what ye have learned from
Channa about the fate o' Dixon and Ilallie?
I'm thinking that’s why ye are here, Mr.
Barclay.”

  “ Dixon and Hallie were drowned.
There’s nothing further for me to do at
Savo. The Sweet Alice is a dead loss—
can't be salvaged.” •

  “ Aye.” McKechnie continued to stroke
his whiskers. “ No doubt ye would think
that. Now, will ye tell me, Mr. Barclay,
who the native was that went with ye up
to Channa’s village?”

  “ That was the survivor of the Sweet
Alice crew.”

  “ Aye. And did ye see the scar on
Channa’s cheek. Mr. Barclay?’’

  “ Yes. I did.” The commander of the
Thor glanced at his visitor impatiently. " 1
say, is there anything more you would like
to know, McKechnie?"

  “ There is.” The Scotchman nodded
gravely. “ Do ye see nothing strange
about the death o’ Dixon?”

  “ I do not. I shall list him as drowned,
with Hallie. Have you any suggestion to
make, McKechnie?”

  The Scotchman did not miss the mild
sarcasm of I his. but his expression did not
alter.

  " 1 might suggest, if ye ask it, that ye
consider three things. Mr. Barclay King
Channa, who is afraid o’ nothing except the
tabu o’ fish: also the scar on his cheek, and
die man ye picked up at Malaita. Do ve
know where he is. sir?"

  Barclay sat up and ran his eye down die
deck. When he had last seen the islander,
the latter had been asleep in the shadow of
a gig. The man was not there, however.

  “ The good book says,” went on Mc-
Kechnie, “ that by their acts ye shall know
them. The unlettered and benighted
heathen is a canny man, Mr. Barclay, and
will bear watching. The fellow ye are look-
ing for saw me come aboard the Thor. If
ye look ashore, ye will see him, yon.”
McKechnie pointed to the beach. To his
surprise the officer saw a dark form rise
from the water and run ashore. The man
ran, leaping in zigzag fashion, as if to dodge
possible bullets. Barclay recognized him as
the survivor of the Sweet Alice.

  “ I had a good look at the boy on deck
before he slid over the side.” McKechnie
explained. “ He wore a half-moon o’ pearl
shells, which is a sign o’ caste on Savo.
That boy is one o’ the Savo men. and 1
doubt he ever saw the deck o’ the Sweet
Alice unless he helped to loot her. He saw
me watching him, and he considered it was
time to slip his anchor.”

  “I say!” Barclay frowned. “Then the
beggar was spoofing me.”

  “ Aye. No doubt he was. Twas a
canny move o’ Channa’s to send one o’ his
men to Malaita with the tale that all on
the schooner were drowned. Now, ye
marked the scar on Channa, sir. Well, I’m
thinking it was a bad day for Dixon when
his vc-.se! drove ashore here. That scar
was Dixon's doing, the time he carried off
the king's brother to Queensland. ’Tis bad
luck to speak ill o' the dead. But Dixon was
overquii k to shoot when he was in the labor
trade- getting islanders to work in Queens-
land. And Channa has a long memory.
He remembers how Dixon cut a pearl from
the mouth o’ his brother when the poor man
tried to hide it.”
CHANNA’S TABU.

321

  “ Rot!” Barclay shrugged his shoulders
skeptically. “ Do you mean to say that
Channa has taken to head-hunting again,
and that he killed all the men on the Sweet
Alice?”

  “ Did ye see, sir,” McKechnie's bun-
thickened with excitement, " that a’ the
ship’s papers was missin’ from the schooner.
The unlettered heathen canna read. Where
did the log and papers go, if Dixon did not
carry them ashore? Ye hae na dealt wi’
the benighted islanders so lang as I—”

  “ But nothing can be proved,” argued
Barclay, puzzled. “ I'll go ashore and find
that beggar, however—”

  “ Ye will not find him, sir. Nor will ye
find the bodies o’ Dixon and the rest.
Channa has taken care to put them in a
canoe filled wi’ stones, and sunk the lot at
sea.”

  “ Then what’s to be done, McKechnie?”
The Scotchman stared thoughtfully at
the woods of Savo, which were now void of
sign of life.

   “ If ye will wait for a day, Mr. Barclay,”
he observed, “ !• will go ashore and inter-
view Channa. The king is a verra interest-
ing man, with his collection o’ skulls—if he
can be made to talk.”

  Barclay shrugged agreement. After all.
as McKechnie said, he could do nothing,
except to shell the village on suspicion, and
he was not willing to do that.

III.

  The village of Savo was a short distance
back in the bush out of sight from the
beach. Leaving their boat-crew on the
beach with the gig, McKechnie and
Gordon struck into the bush-trails on the
following day. The mate was armed with
his revolver. McKechnie carried a small
bundle, but no weapon.

  They had no difficulty in locating the
village, where the Savo men were gathered,
all armed. Their appearance look the
islanders by surprise. The King of Savo
was sitting in front of his hut, and he
sprang to his feet, grasping his spear, when
he saw the two white men. Seeing that
they were alone, however, he resumed his
seat.

   10	A-S

  The Savo men clustered about them as
they made their way to King Channa. Mc-
Kechnie showed no signs of alarm. He
knew that as long as the women and
children of the village were near them, the
men would not annoy them.

  The ruler of Savo was a small man, but
muscular. One cheek bore a deep scar, and
a shoulder-blade protruded where a spear
had wounded him in the back. He wore his
tawny wig of flax, and a woven ditty-bag
hung from the pearl-shell belt at his waist.
His small, bleared eyes watched the new-
comers closely.

  McKechnie seated himself unconcerned-
ly by the pile of skulls beside Channa.
Gordon took his stand at his back, leaning
against the bamboo hut. Both men were
alert for trouble, but for the present they
knew that the curiosity of the natives was
more powerful than any desire to attack
the white men. McKechnie busied himself
in turning over various presents to Channa
—tobacco, knives, and a pipe. The eyes of
the Savo chieftain glistened when he saw
his visitor draw a pair of handcuffs from
the bundle. Channa knew the use of the
implements, having had dealings with the
Queensland recruiters in his youth.

    You like ’em this, good fella?” asked
McKechnie, holding out the handcuffs to
Channa. The latter assented cordially, and
extended his hand for them.

  " You work ’em like this, Channa,” con-
tinued McKechnie calmly. Gordon backed
slowly against the hut, and his hand went
to his pocket. He little liked this expedi-
tion into the Savo headquarters, but Mc-
Kechnie had insisted on coming, and Gor-
don would not let him take the risk alone.

  The natives thronged closer. McKechnie
drew the key of the irons from his pocket.
Channa had not withdrawn his hand. The
skipper clamped one of the bracelets over
his own wrist. With a quick motion he
snapped the other half of the irons over the
islander’s wrist.

  Channa started angrily, but McKechnie
paid no attention to his movement. The
skipper reached into his bundle. A silence
fell upon the gazing spearmen—a hostile
silence. In it McKechnie’s hand came
forth from the bundle. It held a dead fish.
322

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  As his eye fell on the fish Channa’s angry
yell echoed through the village. Mc-
Kechnie balanced the fish near the native.
His eyes wide with terror, the native
strained back. But the handcuffs held him
to McKechnie. Gordon had drawn his re-
volver, and now faced the ring of islanders.

  “ Listen, Channa,” McKechnie growled
at the struggling native; “ this fish is tabu.
You touch ’em fish, you catch ’em seven
devils and die like— Don’t move, or I’ll
rub it on your arm. Tell your boys to keep
back, or Marster Gordon will shoot 'em
plenty quick.”

  The terror that gripped Channa brought
beads of sweat to his forehead. He shouted
to his followers, who drew farther away,
watching the scene the while with rolling
eyes. Channa had been brought up from
childhood to dread the sight of fish, which
he was convinced would send him to imme-
diate destruction. He had never been so
near the object of his tabu. And his fear
knew no bounds.

  “ Now,” resumed McKechnie, “ ye and I
are going to have a palaver, Channa.
Don’t reach for that spear, unless ye want
to touch this fish. First ye can tell me
what happened to Dixon? If ye lie, ye will
feel the fish.”

  Channa protested that he knew nothing
of the master of the Sweet Alice, but a near
whiff of the hated fish loosened his tongue
speedily.

  “ Marster Dixon him plenty bad fella,”
he cried. “ Long time him come along
Savo. Him take my small fella brother
along Queensland. My small fella brother
him die along Queensland. Marster Dixon
him give me this ”—Channa pointed to his
scarred cheek. So far McKechnie knew
that he spoke the truth.

  “ Then come schooner along Savo,”
Channa hurried on, his gaze fastened on the
fish as on a deadly snake. “ Marster
Dixon come along village after hurricane.
Him drunk like seven bells, my word!
Him tell Channa his good fella mate got
drowned along hurricane. Him shoot three
times at my hut. My small fella sister she
catch bullet and die—”

  “ And ye speared Dixon, eh?” queried
McKechnie.

  Channa assented frankly. Reaching
over to the pile of skulls, he rolled off the
ones on top. In the center of the mou*d
the severed head of a white man showed,
scarred and bruised. McKechnie recog-
nized all that remained of Dixon. He
shook his head sadly. Channa glanced
from the head of his enemy to the man who
held him prisoner. Something like pride
replaced the fear in his eyes. I’ride and
anxiety lest he lose his treasured trophy.

  “ So ye killed Dixon,” McKechnie
mused. *• What about the crew o’ the
schooner?”

  Channa, his gaze still fastened on the
blood-stained head, replied that they had
fled in a boat to Guadalcanar when Dixon
was killed.

  “ I believe ye arc telling the truth,
Channa," said the white man, “ especially
as ye offer proof. The killing is none o’ my
business. But I'll take the big pearl ye
found on Dixon—the Mongava pearl.”
Channa's glance turned to McKechnie
and traveled back to the head.

  “ Marster Dixon, him swallow that big
fella pearl," he said slowly.

  14 But ye cut it out o’ him, Channa! ”
The king hesitated briefly. Then he put
his free hand into his ditty-bag. He pulled
out a pearl, large and lustrous. McKechnie
took it from him silently. And, in spite of
Channa's wailing protests, he took the head.

  On board the Thor that evening Mc-
Kechnie told his tale to Barclay. As a
climax he unwrapped the scarred head that
he had brought from Savo. Barclay shud-
dered.

  “ I suppose we'll have to shell Channa’s
village for him. McKechnie." he decided.
“ Can't let these fellows take to head-hunt-
ing again. But I won't waste many shells
on him. I'm half convinced Dixon got
what was coming to him. By the way, did
you see anything of the Mongava pearl?”
McKechnie held out the big pearl that
had come from Channa's ditty-bag.

  “ Channa gave up this." he said. £' It
must be what ye want. I'll take Dixon’s
head, and give it a decent burial at sea, if
ye wish.”

  Barclay was glad enough to let the
skipper attend to this task. When Me-
CHANNA’S TABU.

Kechnie and Gordon reached the cabin of	slightly. With a wild cry he reached two

the Auld Alfred, the former placed his grim	lingers inside.

burden on the table.	The next instant he held up a round ob-

“ Hard luck we had to give up the pearl,	ject. The bewildered Gordon saw that it

Mr. McKechnie,” said Gordon, with a wry	was a great pearl, blood stained, but of

face. “ It must have been worth— Man,	wonderful color.

are you mad?”	" The Mongava pearl, Gordon!” cried

McKechnie was tugging at the jaw of the	McKechnie. • Aye, Channa was sorry to

skull furiously. Gordon watched him in	see us take the head, especially after he

amazement. The teeth were clenched	had given me the smaller pearl. He lost

tightly in the rigor of death. But with an	two treasures at once. It was a verra inter--

effort McKechnie pried the jaw open	esting place, that skull-heap o’ Channa’s.”

-r

U	U	U

THE AVERAGE MAN

BY WILL THOMAS WITHROW

                       I.JK lived about t£e same as most men live;

                            About like other men he did his bit;

                       He gave to life about what most men give;

                       But never did he make a three-base hit.

                      Home-runs were not his forte; he jogged along
                      As most men jog, and merely held his place;

                      So at the finish he was not among

                        Those present at the winning of the race.

                    He was an average man—like you and me—

                      His life, summed up, was neither good nor bad;

                       And his concept of virtue was to be
                       Content with what he was and what he had.

                    And then he died—about as most men die—

Leaving no footprints on the sands of time;

                      And soon his tombstone lied—they always lie;

                      To speak the truth of dead men, ’twere a crime.

                      '• Here lies ”—so that mendacious tombstone said—

                       “ Here lies ”—that much of what it said was true—•

                       ' Here lies the crumbled clay of one who led
                       In doing good; to whom great praise is due.”

But all who knew him knew the tombstone lied;

                       They knew he’d led in nothing, good or bad;

                       That all the praise he’d earned was when he died,

                     And all the good he’d done was to be dead!

                      So you and I will soon be dead. So, too,

                        Our tombstones will set forth in kindly lies
                        Our many “ virtues,” which, in fact, were jew;

                         They’ll boost our reputation to the skies;

                       A man who couldn’t get a decent job.

                        Or credit for a ten-cent loaf of bread.

                        Can get a handsome six-line lyric sob
                        Chiseled upon his tombstone when he’s dead!
A

/umbhcrrio

nJ Octewus Roy Cokerv

                            Author of " Th© Morning After/' etc.

CHAPTER XX.

THE ARREST OF LARRY CONOVER.

  iN over-enthusiastic salesman, in dem-
J\ onstrating David Carroll’s car. had
L fervently attested to its ability to
do upwards of sixty miles an hour. As Car-
roll, with Leverage at his side, headed down
Highland Road toward the city, in answer
to Jim Sullivan’s urgent summons, he very
soon learned that the salesman had exag-
gerated.

  For Carroll clamped down on the accele-
rator until the sides of his shoesoles ca-
ressed the floor of the car and the speed-
ometer climbed slowly to fifty, then fifty-
one, and gradually crept up to fifty-two
miles per hour, beyond which it declined
to go.

  Eric Leverage, teeth tight shut, and eyes
staring with real fear, clutched desperately
at the top uprights and prayed that the mo-
tor had developed its maximum. Even at
the fifty-two miles at which the salesman
would have sneered as a mere snail’s pace,
the roadster bade fair to leave the road,
turn on its side and die, peacefully.

  It swayed drunkenly as it shot ahead, as
a too hippy person walks; it zipped from
one side of the road to the other and slued
breath-takingly before answering to the
firm hand on the wheel.

  Carroll, never a speed demon at best,
was driving as he had never driven before.

  Once, a boulevard motor-cycle policeman
overhauled them after a chase which
brought delirious cheers from the children
playing on the Highland Road lawns, and
was keenly disappointed to learn that he
had been chasing his police superiors.

  The detective sat at the wheel, his face
set as though graven in marble, muscles
tensed to the strain, eyes riveted on the
broad, macadam roadway which unwound,
like a great, endless ribbon beneath the
whirring wheels.

  On they sped, with never a let-up save
at important crossings where there was
danger of meeting street-cars: they whizzed
on with the motor sending its staccato roar
into the still air, the special siren whistling
eerily and the wind whipping into their
faces.

  It seemed as if the sky-line of Berkeley
City’s civic center came jumping toward
them. Leverage lost all sense of motion.
He held grimly to his seat, too terrified for
verbal protest. And not until they had
reached the environs of the city proper, did
Carroll slow down to a respectable gait of
twenty-five miles.

  Leverage leaned back and drew a breath
of relief.

  Facing the prospect of combat with a
cornered convict with a calm, matter-of-
factness, he had been petrified with fear at
an exhibition of fast driving wherein he had
been deprived of even the exhilaration of

This story began in the All-Story Weekly for December 28.
THE CRIMSON ALIBI.

325

handling the wheel. And as they struck
into the more crowded streets of the city
itself he mopped nervously at a face headed
with cold perspiration and accounted him-
self lucky to be able to answer, " Present."

  They struck straight through the city,
skirting to a back street, that they might
not strike the midday traffic jamb, and kept
going toward the banks of the muddy river
which loops in its course on one side of
Berkeley City and furnishes a sluggish
source of water-power.

  On the near bank of that river a noisome
tenement district had long since sprung up
and flourished like a fungus growth: fran-
tic efforts of civic improvement associa-
tions, chambers of commerce, and city po-
lice to the contrary notwithstanding.

  The slum district radiated from a partic-
ularly vile section which was known as the
“ hell's half acre," and the half acre itself
was a Mecca for crime and criminals such
as few cities of triple Berkeley City’s popu-
lation could boast.

  In the half acre could be found the scum
of the State’s criminal element. It was an
executive headquarters for past masters of
the under-world arts. Its committee meet-
ings were held in a half dozen disreputable
rooming-houses which displayed signs pro-
claiming to the world that they were
“ hotels.”

  One of the quietest and most vicious of
these hotels was Carter’s, a three-storv, red-
brick structure on a dirty, saloon corner.
Carter’s had been headquarters for the
Lefty Lewis gang, for the infamous Pete
Hardwick gang of train-wreckers, and a
dozen other bodies of criminals who had
sought immunity from the police in organi-
zation.

  Carroll was not unfamiliar with the dis-
trict. As he drove his car slowly between
lines of street vendors, through a maze of
dirty, romping children, and on into the
reek of the half acre, he felt that Sullivan’s
warning that he come armed had not been
misguided.

  Patrolmen operate in pairs in the half
acre, and as Carroll parked his car a block
away from Carter's Hotel, he summoned
the two men on the post and gave them di-
rections.

    Chief Leverage and I are going into
Carter’s after a man. I want you two men
to stroll down that way casually, after we
get inside. One of you keep a view of the
front, and the other get around on the side
street and watch the side door. If you
hear any excitement—shooting, for instance
—come on the jump, up to the third floor.
Keep your eyes peeled for a chap making
a getaway. If you see him: get him—pref-
erably without shooting—but get him!”

  They nodded and saluted. One of them
saw fit to throw in a friendly word of
advice.

  " Got your rods handy?” he asked.

  " Yes.”

  " Keep 'em so, chief. That’s a plumb
nasty place inside.”

  A crowd of the unkempt and curious had
gathered. Carroll raised his tone to cam-
ouflage pitch, and said: " And so we’ll be
very much obliged if you officers will keep
an eye on this car.” Then he and Leverage
cut across the street and started down to-
ward Carter’s.

  The block on which they walked was a
canon of towering brick tenements, scarred
on their fronts by rickety, rusty fire-escapes
populated with slovenly housewives and un-
washed children. The city street-cleaning
department had been laying down on the
job on this particular street, although the
street-cleaning department would have of-
fered in extenuation that it could do noth-
ing: the entire section needed disinfecting.

  The entire street floor of the Carter Ho-
tel was used to house a collection of steamy
little shops, and the entrance to the hotel
itself was through a door over which hung
the dilapidated sign.

  Entering this door, Carroll and Leverage,
their hands occasionally touching the butts
of their revolvers by way of reassurance,
mounted a seemingly endless flight of un-
believably narrow, oilcloth-covered stairs.

  At the top they found themselves in a
boxlike square, in one corner of which was
an old table, two chairs, and a greasy book
which evidently did duty as a register.

  A slatternly woman slouched forward
and inquired their business in tones which
bristled with hostility. The men were far
too respectable-looking to have business in
326

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

Carter’s Hotel which could be of benefit to
that institution.

  Leverage flipped back the lapel of his
coat, displaying the shining detective’s
badge fastened to the lining. The woman
flashed him a sour glance.

  “ Well, whadaya want?”

  “ Nothing, except that you keep your
mouth shut about our being here. There
are a couple of uniformed bulls down-stairs,
and if anything busts loose up here they’ll
come a gunning.”

  “ Nothin’s gonna bust loose here,” came
the sullen answer, “ unless yous fly-cops
bust it.”

  “ Then you just sit tight an’ don’t rock
the boat. We’re not going to raise any
rough-house if we can help it; see? But
we don’t want any interference from inside.
Now—where’s the other fellow?”

  “ The tall, thin guy?"

  “ Yes.”

  “ In th’ hall, up-stairs, gum-shoein’
around 318.”

  “That’s where this Mr. and Mrs. Car-
son are, isn’t it?”

  “ Guess so. He’s had th’ room f’r a
coupla days.”

  “ And you just took it for granted that
the girl was his wife, eh?”

  “ She said she was, an’ I ain’t here to
look after the morals of the people that
comes to this hotel. Just get that in y’r
bean. Y’ ain’t got nothin' on this joint in
that line—’r any other, f’r that matter.”

  “ Worse luck,” retorted Leverage cheer-
fully, then turned and led the way up a
second flight of steps, even more viciously
narrow and dark than those leading from
the street to the pseudo lobby.

  At the poorly lighted landing at the head
of the stairs, they met Jim Sullivan, and
that individual was frankly glad to see
them.

  “ I’ve been scared stiff," he admitted
frankly. “ This ain't the kind of a joint
I’d choose for a pleasure pariv. What I
don’t see is how the devil a "ill a? decent-
looking as Ellen Garrison is, could ever
have nerved herself to get inside this place.”
“ Conover,” commented Carrol! briefly.
“ There’s no limit to what a woman will do
for the man she loves. This, for instance.”

   “ She couldn’t do more,” agreed Sullivan.

  “ Have they gotten wise to the fact that
you’re here?" asked Leverage.

   Sullivan shook his head.

   “ I don’t think so. At least they haven’t
tried any funny stuff. They’re talking in
there, but I can’t hear what they’re saying.

I haven’t tried to start anything. I was
willing to handle anything that broke, but
getting under way before you got here—
that sort of stuff isn’t in my line if I can
worm out of it.”

  “ You haven’t seen the man, have you?”
queried Carroll.

  “ No.”

  “ So you're not sure—”

   “ I’m sure of nothing, chief, except that
the man in that room is the man who was
with Ellen Garrison in the Quincy House
night before last!"

  “ You’ve been on the job, Jim. What’s
your plan of campaign?”

  “To get Conover?”

  “ Yes.”

  “ Well—it struck me, chief, that we
ought not to get him any more excited than
we have to. Whether he killed old man
Quincy or not, being an escaped convict as
he is, there isn’t much he’d stop at to get
away from us. It's a cinch that the girl
has financed him, and fifty to one that he’s
heeled.

  “ I figured that if we busted into that
room, by the time we got there he’d be
backed in a corner with his rod handy and
ready to do business. He’d either pot one
or both of us or we'd have to get him. And
that—” he shook his head, “ would be right
unpleasant.”

  “ Very," agreed Carroll. " And your
preventive for this?"

  “ Seems like we might mosey down the
corridor and stand very silent outside of
,31 S. Sooner or later the girl will get ready
to go—sooner, I’m thinking. She'll open
the door right gently and take a peep to
see that the coast is clear. If we bust in
right then, we can get him covered before
be can say 1 boo.' And then we can talk
turkey.”

  “ Good idea," approved Carroll heartily.
“ What say you, Eric?”

  •• Knowing what I do about this dump,”
THE CRIMSON ALIBI.

327

grinned the plain-clothes chief, “ I'd say
that the less rookus we raised the better
off we’ll be. It’s open season on cops when
gunnin’ starts down here, and while I ain’t
running away from it when I've got it to
do—I’d rather handle things tactful-like,
as Jim, here, suggests."

  “ It’s a go, then,” approved Carroll.
‘•I'll stand on this side of the door-frame,
and you and Leverage stand on the other
side. Keep flattened against the wall, and
leave it to me to start the ball rolling.

  ‘‘ No gun-play unless there isn’t any way
to avoid it. There’s always the chance,
you know, that Larry did not kill the old
man, and we know that he's innocent of
ihe Fairchild & Co. robbery for which he
was sent to the pen, so we don’t want to
kill him unless we have to.”

  “ Innocent?” gasped Sullivan in surprise.
Leverage told him briefly the story of Lefty
Lewis’s blanket confession, and when he
finished, Sullivan shook his head commis-
eratingly.

  “ The poor fellow,” he said. i; If he did
kill Quincy—I don't blame him!”

  “ And now,” said Carroll softly, “ let’s
get on the job. There’s no telling when
that door will open, and we want to be
right on the job when it does. Keep your
guns out.”

  Silently as ghosts they moved down the
carpeted hallway and took their positions
against the wall, on either side of the door
marked—in chalk—318. Then commenced
a vigil that took all the moral and physical
stamina they possessed.

  Inside the room they could hear the mur-
mur of voices: low, tense, and vibrant. Oc-
casionally a meaningless word floated to
their ears and was lost in the dinginess of
the hallway. After they had been there x
for fully three-quarters of an hour—which
seemed to them to be three hours—they
heard a choky “ good-by,” in a man’s voice.

  The three men shifted tensely and took
tighter grips of their revolvers. Leverage’s
jaw was set grimly, Sullivan was plainly
nervous—only Carrol! showed no emotion,
although had the light in the hall been
brighter one might have seen that his eyes
had lost their habitual blue softness and
had assumed a cold, steel, glint. His slen-

der frame was taut in every muscle, he was
poised on the balls of his feet as a runner
poises before a dash.

  The good-bys within the room were long,
and punctuated by the sound of a woman’s
sobbing. Carroll flashed a message to Sul-
livan-flashed it by means of his eyes and
an expressive gesture, which was to the ef-
fect that Sullivan should take it on himself
to see that the girl did not escape or cause
the trouble which a desperate, cornered
woman can easily cause.

  A key grated in the lock of room No.
318. Then there was silence. Carroll^
eyes, fixed with hawklike intensity on the
door-kncb, saw it turn slowly—very slowly.
Finally the door swung back and a wo-
man's voice came to them plainly: the voice
of Ellen Garrison—“ Good-by, sweetheart.”
The door opened slightly. It opened
wider. The girl’s shoulder appeared—
thrust cautiously out to see that there was
no one in the hall. And then Carroll gave
the signal.

  Sullivan’s hand was clapped tightly over
the girl’s mouth: he held her motionless in
bis steely grip. At the same instant Car-
roll sprang through the open door to face
a young man who stood motionless—
stunned with surprise.

  “Hands up!” Carroll’s voice snapped
like a whip-lash. His revolver was trained
on the heart of the pasty-faced young man
who stared at him in mute horror. Eric
Leverage ranged himself beside Carroll and
the hands of the cornered man rose slowly
ceilingward. Carroll heard Leverage say:

  “ We’ve got our man, chief; that’s Larry
Conover!”

CHAPTER XXL

A DARK PROSPECT.

THE man was Larry Conover, but even
Eric Leverage, hardened as he was to
the pasty, colorless flesh of the peni-
tentiary inmate, experienced a sense of
shock. He remembered Larry as he had
been on the day of his trial and conviction:
broad, healthy, alive with ruddy color, ex-
uding vigor and sheer animal spirits. And
now—
828

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  A tall man with white skin drawn tightly
over jutting cheek-bones; eyes deep in the
sockets and staring as from a skull; hair
clipped short and shoulders sagging.

  Ordinarily, Leverage would not have
been compassionate, but as he looked at
what had once been a magnificent man he
was struck forcibly with the idea that it
had all been unnecessary: the conviction,
the prison term, and the consequent red
stain of murder.

  The magnificent spirit which had been
Conover’s four years before was gone.
After the first impulsive movement toward
the window—three stories above the flagged
pavement—he turned toward them, the
light of the cornered rat in his sunken eyes.
He shrugged his shoulders with a pitiful,
helpless, almost appealing gesture.

  “ Well?” he questioned, and paused.

  “ We’ve got you at last, Larry.”

  A pitiful wail broke through the tense
silence of the room. Ellen Garrison broke
from Jim Sullivan’s grasp and threw her-
self sobbing in the arms of the escaped
convict.

  “ Oh, Larry—Larry, boy! It is all my
fault. I—I—thought he was asleep—and
he wasn’t!”

  He stroked her hair gently and un-
ashamed tears sprang to his eyes. “ There,
there, little girl. You did everything you
could. Perhaps it’s just as well. We would
never have known a moment's peace.
You’ve been a little wonder-woman. Don't
cry, dear.”

  But she clung to him passionately,
shaken with a paroxysm of sobbing.

  “ It isn’t right, Larry—it isn’t right.
You—you—don’t understand. They’ve
come to arrest you for—for—the murder
of Mr. Quincy.”

  He nodded hopelessly.

  “ I understand that, dear. There isn’t
any use fighting against it. They’ve got
me, and they’ll railroad me through just as
they did before—”

  Leverage stepped forward. His voice
was very gentle.

  “ Listen to me, Larry Conover. We
came after you and we landed you because
we had to. But I want you to know fhat
you’ve got friends in the three of us—”

“ Yes—” bitterly; “ swell friends.
What’s this, a new sort of third degree?”
“ I don’t blame you for being sorry—and
I’m sorry as hell that you croaked old
Quincy.”

   “ But I didn’t,” with sudden vehemence
of passionate denial. “ Before high Heaven
I didn't!’’

   “ I’d give a pretty if you could prove
that. Larry. But the cards are all against
you—”

   “ Just as they were before.”

   “ Yes—just as they were before. But if
•we have anything to do with it, they’re
not going to get you for murder. Man-
slaughter, maybe — something easy like
that—”

   “ I’d rather they’d hang me,” said the
man dully, " than send me back to that
pest-holc. I'm glad old Quincy is dead,
but I didn't kill him any more than I
robbed the Fairchild safe. You were on
that case, Leverage; you didn’t believe I
was guilty.”

   “ No, Larry. I didn’t believe you were
guilty. And now I know that you were
not!”

  !i You know it? What do you mean?”
“ No longer than two hours ago a no-
torious yegg confessed that he robbed the
safe at Fairchild's. That cleared you—”
Larry’s head went back. His nostrils
dilated and the breath whistled through his
thin, white lips. The full significance of
his position flashed through his mind.

  “ Good Heavens!” he exclaimed, “ when
you’ve got my neck in a noose you tell me
that you know I was not guilty in the first
place! When you’ve got me dead to rights
on a murder charge, you tell me I’m clear
of the burglary offense!

   “ I got railroaded to the pen for a crime
I didn’t know a thing about—1 escape to
have the freedom that belongs to me—I
happen to be in his house when he’s killed
—and now I'm going to be sent up for life!
Is that just? Is it fair? Doesn’t the law
ever try to make amends for its mistakes?
If you knew all that, why couldn't you play
hands off? Why couldn’t you strain a
point and let me go? Ain’t there a single
heart in the whole pack of you law-hounds?
“ And why did you have to go tell me
THE CRIMSON ALIBI.

329

this? I wouldn’t have minded it so terribly
much if I’d thought that the old conviction
was still hanging over me.” He faced Ellen
and held her at arm’s length: “ You hear
that, sweetheart? They tell me they know
I never robbed the Fairchild safe—they
tell me, after they’ve got me framed on a
murder charge. A jter—not before! ’’

  “ VVe didn’t know it ourselves till a few
minutes ago, Conover,” broke in Carroll.
“ I pledge you my word, we’ll do what we
can to get you off. Murder is murder, you
know.”

  “ It is to me,” said the man hopelessly.
“ It doesn’t seem to matter much whether
I’m guilty or not.”

  “ You insist that you did not kill Joshua
Quincy?”

  “ If it was any use—”

  “ Did you kill him?”

  “ No! I haven’t even seen him since the
day of my trial!”

  “ Then,” questioned Carroll, “ why did
you run the risk of hiding in his house day
before yesterday?”

  “ I guess maybe, Mr. Carroll, if you’d
been torn away from a three-weeks’ bride
and sent to the penitentiary—and if you’d
made a getaway from there after four years
of hell—I guess maybe even you would
take a chance to be with her a little while—
wouldn’t you?”

  Carroll leaned forward. He heard Lev-
erage gasp. “ Your wife?”

  “ Of course.”

  “ Ellen Garrison is your wife?” Carroll
was readjusting himself to this revelation.
“ Since when?”

  The ex-convict nodded toward the girl.
  “ Show him, dear.”

  From the bosom of her dress she drew
forth a folded paper which she extended to
Carroll with quiet dignity. It was a mar-
riage license, dated three weeks before the
date of Conover’s arrest for the Fairchild
robbery, and pinned carefully to the back
of it was the certificate of their marriage,
in Whitfield, a suburb of Berkeley City.
The certificate of marriage was signed by a
minister of whom Carroll had heard.

  “ Why didn’t we know of this?” he ques-
tioned of Conover.

  “ For the same reason, I guess, that you

didn’t know about who really robbed the
Fairchild & Co. safe,” answered Conover
bitterly. “ But the fact is that Ellen and
I were engaged, and one evening we sud-
denly decided to get married. We also de-
cided that Ellen was to keep her job for a
while, and so we thought we’d better keep
the marriage a secret—”

  “ Why?”

   “ Well—it sounds like a silly reason after
the real things I’ve been through for the
last four years; but at that time I was
thinking that the boys at the store would
kid the life out of me if they knew my wife
was working as a house-maid. It was what
I used to call pride in those days.

  “ And then, after they arrested me for
the robbery—and convicted me—I made
Ellen promise that she’d never tell that we
were married. And,” with a touch of hau-
teur, “ I wouldn’t have let her tell even yet
if it wasn’t for the fact that every one will
know that there was a man in her room
yesterday, and she wouldn’t have a shred
of character left unless it was known that
the man there was her husband.”

  “ Would you mind,” asked Carroll,
“ telling us everything that happened day
before yesterday, from the time you reached
her rooms until you got away?”

  “ No. I guess there ain’t anything I can
say that will hurt me any. You’ve got the
dope on me. And while it won’t help
any—”

   “ I hope that it will,” said Carroll.
   Conover looked at him peculiarly.

  “ Damned if I don’t believe you do,” he
blurted.

  “ We all do.”

  “ I was up there in the room all after-
noon, knowing the first comfort I’d had in
four years. I smoked—smoked real cigars
that Ellen had bought for me. I ate a good
dinner that she smuggled up from the
kitchen. Everything was fine until after
the dinner hour, when the housekeeper
knocked on the door and insisted that some
one was in there.”

  Where did you hide?”

  “ In the clothes-press. Ellen locked it
and hid the key.”

  “ But before you did that you put out
your cigar and threw it into the fireplace?”
330

ALL-STORY WEEKLY,

  “ Yes, and forgot it in the excitement.
After that there was nothing for me to do
but lay low. I fancied that Mrs. Burrage
would be keeping an eye on that hall to
see if any one tried to get out of there.
And then, after we were sure that she had
gone to sleep, I was afraid to try it because
Ellen, listening at the head of the steps,
heard a quarrel between Joshua Quincy
and his nephew.”

  Conover’s hands were working spasmod-
ically as he talked. His lingers closed
around a scrap of paper on the dresser and
he tossed it from him with his left hand.
Carroll’s eyelids quivered slightly as Con-
over continued:

  “ I don’t see how any one could have
helped quarreling with the old man. I have
never seen a person so universally hated.
But anyway, they were quarreling, bitterly.
Ellen said. She held her post there, wait-
ing for the young fellow to go out.

  “ I guess it must have been quarter past
eleven o’clock when he did go, and then
she came to me and told me I’d better make
a try at getting out of the house unseen.
We slipped down the hall and the back
stairs. She led me into the butler’s pantry
and turned on the light. Then she let me
out of the back door and turned the light
off.

  “ I thought I was safe then. The night
was very dark, and I stood in the shadow
of the house trying to accustom my eyes to
the gloom. All of a sudden I saw some one
come around the corner of the house, and
I could see that he had seen me. I made
a break for it—ran as fast as I could—
which ain’t so very fast after what I've
been through for four years—straight to
the back of the grounds, through a clump
of bushes. I vaulted the fence at the rear,
ran to the next corner and hid there. I
could see into the grounds, and by the way
the man I had seen was looking around. I
knew that he’d missed me.

  “ He looked all through the grounds and
then walked on around the other corner and
started toward the front of the house.”
Conover stopped.

  “ Well, and after that?” Carroll prompt-
ed him.

   “ I beat it. Straight down the street and

into the town and straight to this dump
where I’ve been hanging out under the
name of Frank Carson, since I hit town.

I	was planning to go West—Ellen had
saved up and staked me—and after a while
when the excitement died down she was
going to join me. But now,” he spread his
hands wide with a hopeless gesture, “ it’s
all off—”

    Listen to me,” said Carroll gently; “ I
 want you to believe that I want to clear you
 of this murder-charge, if you are innocent.
 If you did it I’m going to send you up:
 but if you didn’t do it, I’d like to see you
 get off. Will you do something for me?”

    “ What is it?”

    Carroll produced a pad and a fountain-
 pen. “ Sit down at that table and write a
 sentence for me.”

    Conover shook his head in puzzlement.

   “ I don’t get you—”

    ‘Just sit down at that table and write
 something for me.”

   “ What?”

    “ Anything.”

    No one understood—least of all Conover,
 who suspected a trap. But he instinctively
 liked Carroll and finally he took the pen
 and paper, seated himself at the table and
 wrote a sentence—wrote it with his left
 hand. He rose.

   " Now,” said Carroll strangely, wad
that up, stand in the corner yonder and
throw it to me.”

    Bewildered at the strange request and
 not understanding whither it led, Conover
 hesitated again. But he did as asked: took
 his place in the opposite corner and threw
 the wad of paper at Carroll. The throw
 was made with the left hand. Carroll
 caught the paper deftly and tore it to bits.

 “ Just so you’ll understand that it was no
 trap,” he explained, smiling.

 “What was it. then?”

 " A little idea of mine, that’s all.”

    Ellen turned on Carroll.

    Can’t you let him off,” she pleaded.

 •	You know he didn’t kill Mr. Quincy:
 you know it! 1 can see in your eyes that
 you know it—”

 Conover stopped her.

 " Xo use, sweetheart: they've got to take
 me in. It's better not to beg them.”
THE CRIMSON ALIBI.

331

 “ Thanks, Conover,” said Carroll. “ I
 feel rotten enough about the thing now.
 I’d hate to have to refuse her.”

 He turned on Ellen.

 “ I wonder if you’d answer a question or
 two for me?”

 She glanced at her husband.

 “ Shall I?”

 “ Yes.”

 “ First—this,” the detective quizzed,
 “ Larry says that you listened at the head
 of the steps to the quarrel between Joshua
 Quincy and his nephew: is that correct?”
 “ Yes, sir. I was sure that Mr. Andrew
 would leave the house eventually, and I
 knew that Larry could get away then.”

 “ You heard most of the quarrel?”

 “ Almost all of it.”

 “ Did you see Andrew when he went
 out?”

 “Yes, sir.”

 “ What did he do? What was Bis
 manner?”

 She turned piteously to Larry.

 “ Do I have to tell him?” she begged.

 He nodded.

 “ I guess we’d better stick to the truth,
 Ellen.”

 She faced Carroll again: head back, and
 conviction in every clear word:

 “ It’s robbing Larry of his last chance,”
 she said, “ but you heard him tell me to
 stick to the truth. Well—

 “ The truth is," she drew a long breath,
 then took the plunge, “ the truth is that
 Mr. Andrew did not kill his uncle!”

 “ Did not?”

 Even Carroll showed his surprise.

 “ How do you know?”

 “ Because just as Mr. Andrew was going
 out the front door his uncle came through
 the library and shook his fist after him.
 ‘ Never set a foot in this house,’ he said,
 and then I saw Mr. Andrew leave.”

CHAPTER XXII.

 FANSHAW VISITS CARROLL—AGAIN.

 TWO hours later, three sober-faced
 men: David Carroll, Eric Leverage
 and Jim Sullivan seated themselves
 before a tasty lunch in Carroll’s apartment.

  Freda bustled about the cozy little din-
ing-room, afraid that some tiny detail tend-
ing toward Carroll’s comfort might have
been overlooked. She was a bit frightened
—and considerably awed—by the graveness
of their faces.

  Even Leverage, whose chief delight in
life had seemed to be found in teasing
Freda, had nothing for her save a very brief
nod.

  They ate, in silence. The fact that they
did not compliment her on the lunch did
not bother Freda. She could see by the
rapidity with which the food disappeared
that it appealed to their ravenous appetites.
What she did not like, nor understand, was
the deep worry-furrow between David
Carroll’s eyes; that and the tense, set ex-
pression of his face.

  It was not like Carroll to show his worry.
Save for the sometimes steely glint in his
blue eyes, he was wont to wear an expres-
sion of almost beatific placidity. And so
Freda worried because Carroll worried, and
Carroll worried because things looked very
dark indeed for Larry Conover—and be-
cause the whole legal system which had
hounded Larry unjustly and driven him to
the crime—now seemed to him to be utterly
at variance with the spirit of justice.

  They had taken Larry to the city jail,
and Ellen, his wife, had gone with him.
There, Carroll had taken it upon himself to
place Larry in a private cell, comfortably
furnished—such a cell as that occupied by
Andrew Quincy—and to allow Ellen to re-
main with him.

  True, a special guard was placed outside
the door, with orders to listen for the slight-
est unusual sound from within the cell—
but at least Larry and his wife were free
from prying eyes: free, reflected Carroll
bitterly, to share their utmost of misery.

  Carroll ate abstractedly. He was swayed
by his instinct, violently swayed in favor
of Conover’s innocence. And yet Joshua
Quincy had been killed. Somebody had
murdered him. Who?

  From the jail, Carroll had driven to the
Quincy home, and once more had gone over
the scene of the crime, paying special at-
tention to the body itself. The theory of
suicide, he soon abandoned.
332

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  He was convinced that Quincy had been
murdered. But by whom?

  Xot Andrew Quincy: Ellen herself had
cleared him.

  Xot by Dorrington.

  Larry Conover appeared to be the one
remaining possibility, unless there was a
phase of the crime which had entirely es-
caped his notice.

  He wanted to think: to piece together the
loose threads which had floated to the sur-
face during the whirlwind course of his
investigation. He rose from the table and
the others followed him into the study
which adjoined his dining-room. They
lighted cigars and sat around like so many
bewildered owls.

  Suddenly Carroll rose. For the first time
in four hours he smiled. Jim Sullivan knew
the signs:

  “ Got the answer, chief?’’

  “ I don’t know—yet,” answered Carroll
from the window, without turning his head.
*' I don’t know—not yet. But— Well,
what do you fellows think? Talk it over:
it ’11 help me to get straightened out.”

  “ Me,” said Leverage heavily; " I’m
damned sorry to say that it looks like Larry
Conover. Maybe that’s because it has
looked like Conover from the first. But it
ain’t Dorrington and it ain’t Andrew
Quincy—’’

  “ You believe what Ellen said about
Andrew? That his uncle followed him
through the library as he was leaving:
proving that he was alive when Andrew left
the house? You believe that?”

  " As I believe that the sun will rise to-
morrow, chief. She certainly wouldn’t lie
to save the only other man who might have
been guilty. She wouldn’t go around hunt-
ing for chances to put the noose around
Larry’s neck, would she?”

  “ No-o.”

  “ Surely, j'ou don’t think there’s a chance
that Andrew was the one?”

  “ No. I’m convinced that it was not
Andrew.”

  “ Maybe you think it was Dorrington?’’
  “ Xo, I don’t think that.”

  “ Then, in heaven’s name, what do you
think?”

  •‘I’m not sure. Larry Conover's in a

tight place, and I'm sorry for him: sorry
all the way through. I’d do anything on
earth to clear him.” Suddenly his face
brightened.

 “ By George! 1 know who will help me
 out.”

-	Who?”

 " Ever hear of Roger Fanshaw?”

 " I have,’’ answered Leverage instantly.
 " He’s as good-natured a crook as ever
 walked free. Bucket-shop man, gold-brick
 expert, founder of ten dozen stock-swindling
 schemes—and clever enough to keep out of
 jail. He’s on the blacklist at headquarters
 but we’ve never landed him yet.”

 “ You ever hear of him, Sullivan?”

“ Yes—and unfavorably. But nothing
definite.”

“ He’s been mixed up with Joshua
Quincy in several dirty deals, hasn’t he,
Leverage?”

 •• We think so. In fact, we know it—but
 Quincy used him. Kept in the background
 himself. Trust a rotter like Quincy to get
 some one else to do his dirty work. But
 why all the fuss about Fanshaw?”

 “ He knows a good deal about this case,”
 commented Carroll. “ I’ll ask him to come
 here.”

 Sullivan and Leverage looked at each
 other and shook their heads in bewilder-
 ment as Carroll lifted the receiver on his
 desk-telephone and called Fanshaw’s num-
 ber. In a few minutes a woman’s voice
 came to him over the wires: “ Mrs.
 Burton?”

 “ Yes.”

 “ This is Mr. Fanshaw’s friend: the one
 who was there last night. Remember?”

 “ Yes, indeed, sir. You wish to spealt
 with Mr. Fanshaw?”

 “ He’s there now?”

    Yes. I’ll call him to the phone.”

In a few minutes a deep voice came
booming over the wire.

    This is Fanshaw.”

 “ This is David Carroll.”

 " I guessed as much by what Mrs. Bur-
 ton said. Where are you?”

 " At my apartment.”

   Anything new?”

 ■	Plenty.”

 Fanshaw’s voice quivered with eagerness.
THE CRIMSON ALIBI.

333

  “ Got your man?”

  “ I think so. I want to see you a few
minutes. Can you come over?”

  11	There?”

  “ Yes.”

   “ I’ll be there in twenty minutes."

  “ Good. Just ring three times when you
get here, and I’ll let you in myself.”

  He put down the receiver and faced the
others.

“ Surprises you, doesn’t it, that I'm on
such intimate terms with Roger Fanshaw?”
“ Nothing you do surprises me,” com-
mented Leverage. “ But what does it all
mean?”

  “ Fanshaw was the first person to tell me
anything about the Quincy case.”

  “ How does he know anything about it?”
“ He was there,” announced Carroll
calmly.

  “ Suppose,” suggested Leverage, “ that
you spill the story. That’s what you’re
driving at, ain’t it?”

  “ Yes.”

  Carroll lighted another cigar and seated
himself in a big leather chair. And then
he started with the arrival of Fanshaw,
on the previous morning, and detailed to
them the man’s strange story of his inten-
tion and plan to murder Joshua Quincy,
only to find his intended victim dead by
the hand of some one else.

  The two detectives listened, spellbound,
their eyes wide with astonishment. They
fairly gasped when Carroll reached the
dramatic end to bis recital.

  “ The reason I haven’t told you this,”
finished Carroll, “ is that I didn’t want you
to be influenced by anything you might
happen to discover. As a matter of fact
you found nothing against Fanshaw.
Neither did I—except that I'anshaw was
the man Dorrington saw hiding in the front
of the grounds after he had chased Larry
over the back fence.”

  “ That part of Conover’s yarn did strike
me as fishy,” commented Sullivan, “ al-
though I didn’t pay much attention to it.
It didn’t seem to matter much either way,
and I never considered another person in
the case.”

  “ It was a natural oversight. I doubt if
I would have paid any attention to it if it

hadn’t been for the fact that I started in on
the case with Fanshaw’s story in my mind.
But, as I say, his alibi worked. Dorrington
did not see him—but it was fear that
Dorrington had seen him, which drove him
to come to me and ask me to get busy and
find the real murderer.

  “ Do you know,” Carroll smiled, “ it’s a
fact that when I visited his boarding-house,
last night, I found his estimable landlady
ready to take an oath that she heard him
groaning from eight o’clock at night until
about half past one the next morning. And
now—what do you think of Fanshaw’s
story?”

  “ Me?” answered Leverage. “ It seems
that every one who ever had anything to do
with the old geezer was jinxed. Not but
what Fanshaw would have been willing to
kill the old bird. It’s just a pity that some
guy like him, who’d be better off in jail
couldn’t be sent up for it, instead of a de-
cent guy like Larry Conover, whose last
chance is taken away from him by the dead
man.”

  Silence fell upon the group—a silence
broken suddenly by three whirs of the elec-
tric bell. Carroll left the room swiftly and
intercepted the girl.

  “ I’ll answer it, Freda. You go on back
to the kitchen,” he ordered.

  He was smiling cordially as he opened the
door to admit Fanshaw. The eyelid which
drooped over Fanshaw’s left eye quivered
slightly as he saw the three hats on the
rack, but he said nothing as he followed the
chattering Carroll into the study. But at
sight of Leverage and Sullivan, Fanshaw
stood motionless, a bit of color draining
from his cheeks. In the most casual manner
in the world, Carroll introduced them to
Fanshaw and hospitably begged his visitor
to be seated.

  Fanshaw perched gingerly on the edge of
a chair, staring uncertainly at Carroll and
the other two detectives. A tenseness was
in the air which was reflected on the faces
of three of the four men. Only Carroll
seemed unperturbed. He was smiling
broadly, boyishly. He seemed thoroughly
happy—perfectly at ease. He rose, and
with hands in his pockets, strolled about the
room, saying nothing and thereby height-
334

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

ening the uncomfortable atmosphere with
which the place was surcharged.

  He strolled toward Roger Fanshaw. He
came very close. There was a leap— a
flash in the midday light—a double click.
Fanshaw was on his feet wrenching futilely
at the shining hand-cuffs which encircled
his wrists!

  Leverage was the first to speak: •• What
th’ hell?” he gasped.

   Carroll faced him and spoke quietly, still
with the boyish smile playing about his
lips:

  " There’s the man who killed Joshua
Quincy!” he announced, gently.

CHAPTER XXIII.

  THE LIE THAT LOOKED LIKE TRfTH.

SILENCE fell upon the group—silence
broken only by the stern ticking of the
ancient grandfather’s clock in the cor-
ner: silence broken by that and by the faint
roar of the city, which came to them softly,
subdued by the distance.

  They were staring at Fanshaw; Fanshaw
whose left eye was concealed beneath the
now closed lid; Fanshaw who was staring
dumbly at the shining hand-cuffs on his
wrists—trying to adjust himself to the sud-
den, startling change in the aspect of things.
He had left his boarding-house in an intoxi-
cation of jubilation—Carroll’s declaration
that he had his man, had held out to him
the hope of perpetual safety.

  And then—this!

  A sextet of keen eyes were upon him,
watching every play of color on his face,
every quiver of the telltale lid of the left
eye, every nervous, spasmodic movement of
his big, muscular hands—so helpless now in
their circlets of steel, symbolizing the dread
grip of the inexorable law.

  Fanshaw stood quiet, shaking his big
head—shaking his head and muttering dog-
gedly: “I didn't do it! I didn't do it!”
Gone was his wonted poise, routed before
the onslaught of stark surprise. Surprise
and horror.

   “ Tell us about it, chief,” begged Lever-
age. “ Because if this bird told you the
story you told me. then it's a marvel you

landed him. It had me buffaloed right.
How did you come to know that Fanshaw
did it?”

   “ 1 didn’t,” said Carroll, simply, " until I
was quite convinced that no one else could
have done it.

  “ I’m intensely human and, I'm afraid,
a little gullible. When Fanshaw told me his
story. I swallowed it hook, line and sinker.
It seemed perfectly all right to me, 1 was as
unsuspicious as a new-born babe.

  " You see. his psychology was sound as a
dollar. It was perfectly natural that a man
in the position he claimed to have been
would be more frightened than if he had
really carried his plan through. Therefore I
did not question that phase of his story—
especially when it was corroborated by the
fact that—as 1 afterward proved—Dorring-
ton really did see him in the garden.

  “ You've heard of perfect crimes; crimes
planned with a meticulous attention to de-
tail so that their perpetrator could not be
caught. This was one—almost.

  ” But Fanshaw went the customary per-
fect crime one better—at the first indication
that something had gone wrong he came to
the detective whom he knew would in all
probability handle the case, and put into his
hands—in a bunch—every bit of evidence
which could possibly incriminate him.

  " Get the infernal cleverness of that? I
knew that Fanshaw had been there, I knew
his motives, and as the result of his extra-
ordinary story I went into my investigation
firmly convinced that Fanshaw was in-
nocent.

    After that, no matter what evidence
against Fanshaw I might uncover, it was
discounted a hundred per cent in advance.
He had disarmed me. My suspicions were
killed before they were born.

    And 1 admit frankly that his story
would have given him his liberty—would
have worked as he planned it to work—
had it not been for trifling flaws in its con-
sistency. You see ”—Carroll paused and
smiled slightly—" he made the mistake of
telling me one outright lie, and too much of
the truth.

   " He was especially clever in admitting to
me that Quincy had in his possession a
check which he—Fanshaw—had forged.
THE CRIMSON ALIBI.

335

He gave that as his motivating reason—as-
serting that Quincy intended using that as
documentary evidence to send him to the
penitentiary. His motive was ample.

  “ But when I searched for that paper it
was not there. At first, 1 thought that Fan-
shaw had taken it, so I called on Thaddeus
Standish—Quincy’s lawyer—and learned
that Standish had the paper in his posses-
sion. Therefore, knowing what I now
know, I realized that after killing Quincy,
Fanshaw carried out his original plan and
searched for that check.

  “ He didn’t find it, and disarmed me fur-
ther by asserting that he hadn't even
hunted for it; admitting his guilt of two
lesser crimes to conceal the greater!

  “ I was prepared for minor discrepancies
in Fanshaw’s story. No man who had been
through what he had, could be expected to
retail his yarn with a flawless fidelity to de-
tail. But even at that—and I took the
trouble to interview him yesterday evening
about this point—he went too far when he
said, several times, that he had not entered
the room in which Quincy was murdered.

  “ If you remember the scene of the crime,
you will recall that the chair is a high-
backed, leather one, facing the wall opposite
the door leading from the library—the door
through which Fanshaw admits he entered
the study.

  “ A person standing in that door could
not have seen the body! More: he could
not possibly have seen the knife, even if the
body had been visible. And there was no
doubt that Fanshaw had seen the body.
Therefore, it was simple to deduce the fact
that he had lied about not entering the
room.

  “ That is item number one. Item num-
ber two, has to do with the fact that the
shade was pulled down. L is certain that
the shade to that single window w;as pulled
down by a man who wished to conceal what
he had done or was about to do. Preferably
—what he was about to do, for if we pre-
sume that the murderer pulled the shade
down, we must also admit that after the
commission of the murder the criminal’s one
thought would have been to make his get-
away.

  “ But there again we run into Fanshaw’s

story. He went to that house prepared to
kill, and then rob! A man carrying through
that program would pull down the shade
first thing. And I'anshaw was the man who
pulled that shade down! You will remem-
ber that he admitted that from his vantage
point behind the clump of lilacs near the
front gate, he had watched the movements
of Andrew Quincy in the study. He could
not have watched Andrew had the shade
been down. Therefore, it was up while Fan-
shaw was in that yard before he entered the
house.

  “ To clinch that matter let us consider
Dorrington’s story. Andrew left the house
—I'anshaw tells that himself—and at that
time the shade was up. Fanshaw admits
that he entered shortly after Andrew left.
He entered through the library window',
walked through the door to the study and
immediately pulled the shade down to con-
ceal his subsequent actions from the gaze of
passers-by. It was after he had pulled the
shade down that Dorrington returned to
make peace with Joshua Quincy.

  “ Flad Dorrington gone immediately to
the house, he would have caught Andrew.
But Dorrington paused to wonder why that
shade was pulled down. It was unusual.
And speculating on it, he heard a noise in
the rear of the house.

  ‘‘ He went around to investigate. He saw
Larry Conover, and chased him. He lost
Conover and circled the house in time to see
I’anshaw hiding under the bushes in front.
All of these maneuvers of Dorrington’s took
quite a little time—and during that time
Fanshaw had killed Quincy and hurriedly
searched for the forged check.

  “ This fact, too, you will notice, auto-
matically frees Dorrington of possible com-
plicity in the crime. Fanshaw himself ad-
mits that Quincy was dead when he entered
the house, and when Fanshaw w’as in there,
Dorrington had not been in the house since
he had been discharged by Joshua Quincy
immediately after the dinner hour! We
have the testimony of Dorrington, Conover,
and Andrew to verify that.

  " Now, then—Fanshaw told of seeing
Andrew in the study with his uncle, and of
seeing Andrew leave. But, watching that
room as he was, and with both of the doors
336

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

leading into the study, within plain view
from where he was hiding—Fanshaw never
once mentioned seeing either Conover or
Dorrington in that room! Therefore, on his
own story he exonerates both Conover and
Dorrington—constructively, at any rate—
and narrows suspicion down to Andrew.

  “ Andrew, as we now know positively, is
not guilty. Ellen told us at the time when
it incriminated her own husband—-that she
saw Joshua Quincy follow Andrew into the
hall as he was leaving, and shake his fist at
him. Xot the reception-hall, mind you; but
the hall leading from the reception-hall to
the rear of Quincy's study, Therefore, while
Andrew was visible to Fanshaw, Joshua
Quincy was not. And it is well established
that Andrew did not reenter the house.

  “ Thus far, the evidence in the case—put
together into a complete story now, but
coming to us in distorted fragments—com-
pletely absolves Dorrington and Andrew
Quincy. The remaining suspect is Conover.

  “ Now we have to consider two facts: the
first is that Fanshaw would have seen Con-
over through the window. The second is
that Conover, had he killed Quincy—and I
confess that until I began piecing the evi-
dence together I thought he was guilty—
would have entered from the rear hall,
stabbed his man and gone out by the same
door, so that he would have been nowhere
near the shade. And had the shade been
pulled down during the course of Fanshaw’?
vigil in the garden, he would have com-
mented on the fact.

  “ But even that does not clear Conover.
Not by a long shot. A mere discrepancy—
that’s all. But, you see, it is a cumulation
of discrepancies in Fanshaw’s story, which
has at length convinced me.

  “ Three times 1 have examined the body,
and you two men can, of course, plainly
remember the position of the knife before I
extracted it from the body. You will recall
that it entered the body from the left side,
having been plunged with an upward stroke.
The blade found the heart.

  “ Gentlemen, that blow was delivered by
a right-handed man! Fanshaw is right-
handed. So is Andrew. So is Dorrington.
But Larry Conover is left-handed!

  " Just an hour or so ago, at the Carter

Hotel, I puzzled you by asking him to write
for me and then to toss me the bit of paper.
I had noticed that he used his left hand, and
I wanted to establish fully that he was a
left-handed man.

   ■* I didn't keep silent about it then for
any love of theatric effect, but merely be-
cause I was not ready at that time to tell
you about Fanshaw’s story, which had come
lo me in a semi-confidential way. Now that
1 am convinced of his guilt—conditions
have changed. I feel that I am justified in
using his own partial confession to piece out
a chain of convicting testimony.

  “ Conover, being left-handed, could not
have inflicted the blow that killed Quincy.
It would have been a physical impossibility
for him to have done so. He would have
had to tie himself in a knot to thrust the
knife home from the left side of Quincy’s
body, provided the knife were held in his
left hand. And that, while not in itself suf-
ficient to clear Conover—is certainly ample
in view of the other mitigating circumstan-
ces. Do you agree with me?”

  Eric Leverage nodded.

  “ I hand it to you, chief. It’s a dandy
case—but—but—”

  “ But what?”

There's one thing you overlooked.”

  “ Which is?”

  Leverage glanced uncertainly toward Fan-
shaw, who was sitting slumped down in his
chair, still gazing at the handcuffs, as if hyp-
notized.

   “ Shall I spill it before him?”

   " Certainly.”

  “ How do you know it wasn’t suicide?”
Fanshaw’s head jerked up with sudden
hope.

  “ Yes,” he croaked; 11 how do you know
it wasn’t suicide?”

  “ That,” answered Carroll, quietly, “ is
the missing link in the chain which I have
given you. It is the thing which has puz-
zled me; and yet I have had the evidence
from the very first, although until a few
minutes ago. I couldn’t properly value it.

  “ You see—my perspective was too close;
circumstances and counter-circumstances
came hurtling at me in great gobs, and con-
fused my view of the case as a whole. It
has taken careful thought to put the puzzle
THE CRIMSON ALIBI.

337

together, and I haven’t had a chance for
really constructive thought until a few min-
utes ago. I hope I may be excused for ap-
pearing a dullard in the matter. I’m not
the transcendent sort of detective, as I’ve
warned you more than once.

. “ But as for the final link in the chain—
here it is! ”

  He walked to the mantel and took from
it the cigar humidor which he had brought
with him from Quincy’s safe. He unlocked
it and opened the top. Inside was the dag-
ger with which the crime had been com-
mitted.

   “ Even the veriest novice in these modern
times,” said Carroll, in a calmly conversa-
tional tone, “ looks for finger-prints when he
starts in on a case. Every detective knows
the value of finger-prints, and every crook
knows their danger. I was no exception to
the rule. The handle of that knife is a won-
derful place for finger-prints—a beautiful,
unengraved, polished silver handle.

   “ I looked for the finger-prints the minute
I saw the knife. But, my friends, there is
something in this case far more damning
than the presence of finger-prints—and
that—” He paused and gazed at them with
pardonable triumph—“ that, gentlemen, is
the fact that on the beautiful polished sil-
ver handle—there is not a single finger-
print!’’

  “ What?”

   “ Not one. Not a trace of a finger-print,
Had Joshua Quincy committed suicide, the
prints of his fingers would have been
smeared all over the handle. As a matter of
fact, in nineteen cases out of twenty, the
fingers of a man committing suicide in such
a manner, would remain clutching the
handle.

   “ As to Dorrington, Andrew Quincy, and
Larry Conover—if any one of the three
killed Quincy, it was done in the heat of
passion, and their finger-prints would have
been left all over the handle of this knife—
for any and all to read.

   “ It is common to find finger-prints. But
—consider this — the absence of finger-
prints in connection with a crime, is proof
positive that there is a professional criminal
concerned in it.

(The

   “ It is also proof that the professional
 criminal planned his crime in advance and
 took the precaution to wear rubber gloves!

   “ It is extremely unlikely that either
 Joshua Quincy, his nephew, Dorrington or
 Conover had the rubber gloves. Who, then,
 was here night before last who had a motive
 for killing Joshua Quincy, and also was
 equipped with rubber gloves?

   “ Who had actually planned to commit
 the crimes of murder and robbery? And
 what man, planning such crimes, would
 neglect to provide himself with so vital a
 thing as rubber gloves?

   “I am sure you will agree that there is
 only one answer. It was not suicide, and
 we have cleared Andrew Quincy, Larry
 Conover, and the butler, Dorrington. It
 is simply a case of a perfect crime—made
 too perfect!

   “ Roger Fanshaw is our man! ”

   Carroll turned to Fanshaw:

   “ Listen to me, Fanshaw,” he said, kind-
 ly. “ I have a feeling of sympathy toward
 you, which I know I shouldn’t have. But
 it’s there—perhaps because Quincy was a
 rotter, after all, and because he worked you
 for years. You’re going to be punished for
 the crime, and I believe that if you plead
 not guilty, you will swing for it. I don’t
 want to see you hanged.

   “ I cannot promise results. But I will
 promise this: if you will formally confess to
 the murder of Joshua Quincy, I will do my
 level best to see that you get a sentence of
 life imprisonment, instead of the rope. How
 about it?”

   Fanshaw raised a haggard face to Carroll.
 He moved his hands helplessly and the
 chains jangled.

   " I believe you will help me, Carroll,” he
 said, in a slow, tired voice; “ and I don’t
 know that I’m sorry it’s all over. If you’ll
 draw up the paper, I’ll sign it.”

   As Carroll rose to get pen and paper Lev-
 erage buttonholed him:

   “ Say, chief,” he whispered, hoarsely,
 '• let me be the first to tell Larry Conover
 and his wife, will you? I want to see the
 faces of them kids when they learn that
 they’re free!”

   “ Go tell them, Eric,” said Carroll,
 find,).
4

R. R.Rivierre

SHAFFLES classed her as the real
article, guaranteed fast colors, the mo-
ment she entered the door. There was
nothing individual about her dress. Seven-
a-vveek, third floor back, and bath privi-
leges, was written all over the crepe de
Chine shirtwaist and short, black taffeta
skirt.

  Regardless of that, in Mr. Shaftles’s ex-
pert opinion, Queen Victoria couldn’t have
touched her walk with a fishing-pole. More-
over, when an unimpressionable check-room
employee swallows his gum upon receipt of
an imitation fox fur, there is something
beyond doctor's orders in the motive.

  Shaflles was not the only young man
aware that something unusual stood near
the ticket gate, absorbed in the shifting
throng of dancers.

   “ Some clever little outfit, I’d say! Regu-
lar wax-doll, knock ’m dead, three-speed
stepper. You bet!”

  This from big Olie Stoll, in a voice
pitched well above the dance music, to an
admiring arc of satellites. Olie’s pianola
personality was almost as prominent around
Linn’s as the orchestra. If the three hun-
dred odd shop girls who danced there every
Saturday night followed the habit for any
other reason than Olie Stoll, it was a secret
to him. “ One of these days,” he often re-
marked, “ I’m gonna take up bowling, and
they’ll turn this place into a car-barn.”

  “ And I’d just like to lay good money,”
said Olie, slanting an appraisive eye toward
the ticket gate, “ that she can trip around
a trifle, too. I got a strong hunch to chance
her for the prize.”

  “ T’ought you an’ Fritzi were teamin’
for the cup,” put in one of the group.
“ Want a mad lady on your hands?”

  “ Take the siding, Slag! I’m outnum-
bered. Couldn’t please ’em all with as-
sistants. Now watch closely while I steer
alongside this birdie.”

  Whereupon the incomparable Olie gave
his orange scarf a deft fluff and crossed to
where the girl stood. Gently he tapped her
shoulder.

  “ Merry Christmas, girlie. Nearly missed
you in the crowd. Awful crush to-night.
I guess this next scud is ours, ain’t it?”
Immediately the delicate, almost imper-
ceptible manipulation of chewing gum
ceased. A pair of large, penciled eyes re-
garded the interloper’s shoes in cold scru-
tiny, lifted slowly past striped cuff and
specious tiepin, and fixed on his cool grin.

  “ Say, homely,” drawled the young lady,
“ what’s the idea of punching people like
they was slot machines? Can’t a goil drop
in here once in a while for a good time
without having to battle every janitor and
vulcanizer on the lot? Chase along and
comb your hair! I ain’t running no danc-
ing class this season.”

 338
SHAFFLES PICKS A WINNER.

339

  At such unpremeditated and pronounced
belligerency Olie was prompted to retreat,
but the eyes of his three friends were upon
him. Failure now meant an impaired repu-
tation.

   “ Stow that picnic wit,” he advised, tak-
ing a familiar hold on one filmy sleeve and
moving toward the gate. “ You want to
dance with me all right. We ain’t fully
acquainted, that's all.”

   Before the girl could reply or twist her-
self free, Olie bit out a groan, reached
wildly for his ear, and wilted to the floor.
Above him Mr. Jimmy Shaffles carefully
straightened a disarranged cuff and smiled
engagingly at the frightened little figure in
pink and black.

  " Pardon me,” said he, stepping over
Olie, who was giving a creditable imitation
of an Arizona petrified tree, and offering his
arm.." but I believe this is our dance.”

   A bit dazed, the girl hesitated. Then she
saw people making hurriedly in their direc-
tion and understood. Together they passed
through the ticket gate and drifted off into
the maze of dancers.

   “ Gee, Mr. Willard," cried the rescued,
suddenly, as Shaffles skilfully circled an
awkward couple, “ if thanks were beer
checks you’d control Milwaukee. 1 was
just planning to land on his headlight my-
self when you put over that sleeper. Some
shove! All he needed was flowers and a
mahogany overcoat to complete the pic-
ture.”

  Shaffles grinned modestly and bent his
energies to an intricate dip in which he was
followed unerringly by his partner.

  “You're new here, aren’t you?” he
asked at length.

  “ Is that a slam at my footwork?” ex-
claimed the girl.

  “Not at all! I was only going to hint
that Saturday nights at Linn’s would be a
good habit for a kid like you not to get.
This place isn’t famous as a girls’ finishing
school. I guess that little affair a minute
ago speaks for itself."

   •• You mean right. T know, Mr. Willard,”
replied the girl, her facc dimpling with a
faint smile. “ But what’s a frail going to
do evenings? Stand down on Broadway
and wait for a parade to come along?”

  The young man considered. A sound of
hand-clapping broke in on the crash of traps
and trombone.

  " Aren’t there other places?”

  •• Sure there is. Grand Opera and the
Palace Tavern. But them pale tea things
that coopay up to Mrs. Forbes-Lindsay’s
private auxiliaries ain’t troubled with weak
ankles and floorwalkers. Seven-fifty every
time the landlady hands out bath-towels
don’t even spell movies. Not if you eat
regular. Of course now and then some wild
spender from the shoe department happens
around with tickets for Central Park and we
nearly collapse with the excitement. Linn’s
jazz band is a quiet nerve-cure after that.”
“ It’s tough on you kids,” responded
Shaffles, earnestly sympathetic, “ darn
tough. Congress ought to take on a little
more help and look after these things.
Listen!” His voice lowered to an inspira-
tional whisper. “ I might as well introduce
myself. Jimmy Shaffles of the Empire
Company. Not Willard. Come to think
of it a million dollar trick like you ought
to get on easy. We use rafts of extra girls.
Can’t get enough. Decorating sofas in a
ball-room set, beats checking sales at u
rummage counter. Steady work and human
wages, besides. How does it sound?”

  “ What is this Empire Company—a fur-
niture factory?”

  “ Xo. Feature films. • Moving pictures.”
" Gee!" cried the girl rapturously, “gee
whiz! You're a star!"

  “ Xot exactly.” Shaffles hesitated and
colored painfully. “ Office work. But 1
know Cecil X'eilan—chief stockholder and
head of the production department. A word
from him goes. You might even get a small
part at the start.”

  Disappointment was so frankly indicated
on the girlis face that Shaffl^ dove into a
gamut of popular steps to cover his con-
fusion. Immediately a storm of hand-
clapping set up, sprinkled here and there
with piercing whistles.

  Then Shaffles became aware of a spread-
ing void of waxed, surface. The great floor
was deserted save for two couples at the
farther end. Even as he looked a group of
men beneath the orchestra stand appeared
to consult hastily, an arm gestured vio-
340

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

lently, and one of the teams melted away
through an exit.

  “Will you lamp the rink?” gasped the
girl.

   Shafiles nodded.

  “ Slipped me entirely,” he said. “ It’s
the prize dance. Now hold tight and we’ll
hand this crowd the one complete treat of
their lives. Hear that noise. We’ve got
the cup in a walk.”

  They were drifting close to the brass
railing. Spinning, gliding, whirling, dip-
ping, they skirted the solid hedge of ap-
proving faces. Suddenly the trim, little
figure flashing along with Shaffles faltered
in the midst of a dizzy pivot and crumpled
in his arms. Before that amazed young
man could come to a full enjoyment of the
situation, spectators ducked under the rail-
ing from every corner. Some one bawled
repeatedly, “a little air, you guys!” and
Shaffles found himself feeding the girl ice
water in one of the confectionery stalls ar-
ranged for patrons just off the floor.

  “ Open your mouth a little,” he said
gently. “ That’s nice. Drink it all.”

  The girl sighed and stared long at him
over the tilted glass.

  “ Mr.—Shaffles.”

   “ You said it.”

  “ I guess I crabbed the show, all right.”
  “ Don’t let that worry you.”

  “ But honest, my head—just went out.
Sometimes at the store I get a little loppy
the same way.”

  Shaffles, whose discernment had led him
to certain significant conclusions, was
prompted to reply, “ I shouldn’t doubt
that,” but refrained and looked at his
watch.

  “ It’s getting along towards closing-
time,” he announced. “ Suppose we pull
out.”

  They paused at the tall, green draperies
at the entrance. Somewhat uncertainly the
girl dug in a bag at her wrist and tendered
her claim check.

  “ You can go get my things, Mr.
Shaffles,” she said. “But I forgot to ex-
plain that guys never see me home. That’s
one of my rules.”

  “ Why not?”

  “ My landlady put up a squeal. The last

gent I couldn’t shake, walked off with four
milk botdes and a pet Chinese porch plant
the old girl had been digging around since
the Spanish war. It was either promise or
find another suite.”

   Shaffles grinned.

  “ Well, miss, nobody spoke for an escort
job. I don’t want your old doormats. Sec-
ond-story work for me every time. My
place is to see that to-night you eat.”

  The girl reddened to her eves. “ Why—
I eat!”

  “ Sure. So do birds. Nevertheless, we’re
going to run through every chuck shop in
this village to-night from the Blue Grotto
to Riley’s Cellar. It’s all arranged.”

  “ You’re a genuine, full-carat kid,” fal-
tered the girl. l> I can see that. But—”

  “ Hold on. I know the rest—you haven’t
known me long enough. We’re almost
strangers, that’s certain, but I don't pro-
pose to let anything short of an earthquake
break up this little excursion. Just wait
here and I’ll rustle the millinery.” Shaffles
precluded further discussion by diving off
for the check-room.

  When he returned the girl had gone.
Wildly he banged through the glass doors
and slid across the tiled lobby.

  A beautiful, black car, with red wire
wheels, was just pulling away from the
curb. Through the window of the closed
tonneau Shaffles caught a flashing glimpse
of his pretty friend. Beside her was a
large, bulky man in a top hat.

  “ Some rich old duck,” muttered Shaffles
bitterly, watching the green light of the
motor fade up the street. “ Some dried-up
capsule with three casters gone. Lots of
cash and rheumatism. No liabilities and
hair. Autos, servants, flowers, theaters,
wine dinners, diamonds—money! What the
little yellow bills won’t buy isn’t worth
having. Even at that—”

  Now, there are moments when a man
courts battle very readily. As Shaffles
turned, crumpling a white fur fiercely in
one hand, his line of vision came within
direct contact with four young men, stand-
ing away from the glare of the lobby, who
seemed covertly interested in his move-
ments. It was the orange tie and damaged
ear that stamped relief and pleasure on
SHAFFLES PICKS A WINNER.

341

Shaffles’s face. Flere was solace not to be
found in bottles and hypodermics. He
sauntered over to the group.

  “ Were you, gentlemen, waiting for me?’’
he inquired, in the same, sweet tone a wife
employs when soliciting a new hat.

  Some minutes later a squad of police
shouldered through the mob that blocked
the sidewalk in front of Linn’s. At the
same time a badly battered figure ducked
unnoticed from the throng, scurried head-
long into a side street, stumbled over a fire
plug, and landed panting on the cushions of
a handsome red roadster, with black wire
wheels.

  “ Some old relic," mused the fugitive, as
he released the clutch and the car shot
away. “ Some feeble keepsake with young
ideas.”

  At about three o'clock one warm after-
noon a girl leaving the entrance of a de-
partment store on Broadway collided with
a young man going in. He nodded politely
to her apology and continued on his way.
She darted through the door and touched
his arm.

  “ Won’t you speak to me, Mr. Shaffles?”

  “ It didn’t strike me as necessary,” he
replied wearily.

  “ I suppose you're mad because I chased
off and left you the other night.”

  '• Oh, no. Certainly not!’’

  " I think you are.”

  •• Let's not talk about it."

  " I’m awful sorry. 1 had to go. Honest.
And you didn’t show up at Linn’s after*
that so that I could explain.’’

  I didn’t mind your leaving.”

  “ Then you’ll forgive me. Mr. Shaffles?”

  “ It was the way you went. Most work-
ing girls, when they want to be real nice,
don’t run around with fuzzy dyspeptics in
twin-six Sedans.”

  The girl caught her breath.

  *' Do they?” pressed Shaffles heartlessly.
She remained silent, a little handkerchief
held to her mouth.

  “ I asked—do they?-’

  •• No, Mr. Shaffles. 1 guess not. But.
you see, that old hand-me-down is the su-
perintendent and—”

  What superintendent?"

  " Stacey’s — where I sold hairpins and
mucilage up to last week.”

  Shaffles gazed at the girl a moment, the
chill gone from his eyes.

  “ I'll bet you had to kid that old chromo
along to keep your job!” he exclaimed
hopefully. " I’ll bet he wouldn’t leave you
alone.”

  “ Of course. You’re on now. Boiled
rice wages and lots of invitations to supper.
That's what girls get at Stacey’s. I had
been standing him off for a month before
I met you. That same night he lounged
around the counter with another sherry and
music bid. I told him the girls were having
a big time at Linn’s and that I was going.
1 guess I must have bumped him on the
same stall before. He got kind of red
under his whiskers and said he wouldn’t
mind calling for me. I couldn’t think of
anything to say just then and that’s what
he did.”

  She paused and Shaffles shifted the pack-
age he held under his arm.

  " After he blew me to a shrimp and
broiler layout that would have given Mr.
Hoover jumping willies, 1 began to feel
brave. Out on the sidewalk I told him
what a mean, little pill he was and hit the
cement for home.”

  “ Good-by, job,” suggested Shaffles.

  " Good-by, job,” assented the girl.

  A rush of shopping traffic pushed through
the entrance. Shaffles leaned closer to the
girl.

  “ I said something while we were dancing
about work at the studio. Remember?”

  " I didn't forget it for a minute—but I
thought you were kidding me.”

  •• I w-asn't,” assured Shaffles. “ And
there is a better chance for you to get on
now than before. One of our new directors
is just starting a shopgirl comedy-drama.
Department store interiors and that sort of
stuff. He’s wild about types. He wants
the real article. 1 could meet you on the
lot to-morrow and steer the introduction.
If he is particularly tickled it means a
part. Would you like to try it?”

  “ Would I?” gasped the girl. “ Say, Mr.
Shaffles, a job bathing crockery on a tamale
cart would look good to me now. Where
is this joint?”
342

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Shaffles fumbled in a pocket and handed
her a card.

  “ Meet me on the stage promptly at nine
o’clock.”

   “ I’ll be there with bells,” she said, smil-
ing and holding out her hand. “ Good-by,
Mr. Shaffles—and thanks, very much, for
your trouble.”

  The-girl threaded into'the push outside
and hurried homeward. On a clattering
street corner Shaffles overtook her.

  “ I wanted to let you know,” he said
hesitantly, “ that the don’t-seem-to-place-
you stunt I pulled a minute ago was all fool
—stage stuff. I’ve been hunting through
the department stores for a week trying to
find you and return your fur.” He man-
aged a confused grin and held out the
bundle he had been carrying. “ If you
hadn’t followed me I would have done the
chasing myself.”

  When Shaffles catapulted into the studio
office of Cecil Neilan early the next morning
like an impetuous French “ 75 ” he inter-
rupted the famous producer in a self-in-
dulgent soliloquy entirely foreign to his no-
toriously modest character.

  “ I guess I’m not good.” mused Mr.
Neilan, smiling suavely around a big cigar
and winking delightedly at an imaginary
audience.

   “ I beg your pardon,” put in Shaffles.

   “ I guess I'm—great, grievous cat tracks!
Sit down, Jimmy. Regular stranger. How
did the type quest pan out? Expected you
last week. Got the 1 Sentimental Sally ’
support lined up complete. Tullv Foreman
blew in yesterday. Signed him for heavy.
We must start work by the first. That
goes, Jimmy.”

   Shaffles arranged his twelve-dollar velours
hat and ebony walking stick on Neilan’s
desk and carefully jack-knifed into a chair.

  “ You can trot out the 1 Wizard ’ and his
little camcra and begin shooting scenes to-
morrow,” he announced. “ To-day, if you
like. I’ve found the girl to play Sally.
The genuine article, Cecil. The real, pedi-
greed goods.”

  “ Then you’re serious about that ab-
origine stuff. You won’t consider Gabrielle
Roberts?”

  “ I wouldn’t consider the cleverest star
on Broadway in place of this kid. Not for
a minute.” Shaffles leaned forward and
tapped the desk. “ Gabrielle Roberts, with
all her New York prestige, couldn’t hold an
inch of tallow to what this little chicle-
chewing, rag-time doll will do. That is, in
this particular character. She’s the shop
gamin from hairpins to high heels. As
Sally she'll show up like General Pershing
in a Berlin beer garden.”

  “ Have it your way,” sighed Neilan re-
signedly. “ Our contract places the choosing
of the star with you. I rely on your judg-
ment—although God knows why an author
should claim any.”

  “You wait!” warned Shaffles. “You
wait and see! She’ll be here in half an
hour. I’m to meet her on the stage. W'hy,
Cecil, in the first place, as the most incon-
sequent, mind you, of innumerable assets,
she’s the prettiest—”

  Some one was knocking at the door.

  “ Come right in,” invited Neilan. He
put down his cigar and got to his feet.
Shaffles stood up also, only to resume his
seat with the precipitate plunge of a depth
bomb.

  It was she!

  It was the little, blond lady of Linn’s.
Only the black taffeta skirt was gone. The
cheap, pink shirtwaist was gone. And the
restless, churning movement of cheek and
molar—that had vanished, too. Instead
there was gold velvet, heavy black fur,
rings, poise, perfume.

  “ Mr. Shaffles.” said Neilan, with some-
what elaborate ceremony, “ I would like
you to meet Miss Roberts.”

  Shaffles found his feet, grabbing at the
extended slim hand. A battery of dancing
dimples was trained full upon him.

  “ I’m glad to please you,” he blurted.
“I mean—I’m pleased to—Cecil!”

  Cecil was grinning placidly.

  “ Not—not Gabrielle! ”

  “'Even so, Jimmy.”

  “Well, I’m flop-walloped!”

  “ Pardon me?” inquired the actress
sweetly.

  “ Didn’t I dance with you a week ago at
Linn’s?” flared Shaffles, fixing the girl with
a fierce stare. “ Weren’t we talking yester-
SHAFFLES PICKS A WINNER.

343

clay in front of Hammond’s store? Didn’t
you promise faithfully to meet me here
to-day?”

  “ Hold up, Jimmy,” interposed Neilan.
•' Miss Roberts and 1 stand convicted.
We’ve been crooked. To me it’s terrible to
think of the way we have exploited tender
youth and credulity. Overwhelming. Why,
only last night I woke up trembling like the
German Crown Quince. I saw gray
walls—”

  "In the name of common sanity!” ex-
ploded Shaffles. He glanced at. Miss Rob-
erts. There was mischievous mirth in her
eyes.

   " But after all,”rambledNeilan in a tone-
less voice, “ you were a stubborn rascal.
You didn’t realize the impracticability of
picking a girl without the least stage ex-
perience, fair a fit as she might have been
behind a dress goods counter or wearing the
hardwood in a cheap dance hall, to play the
lead in a big Empire production. Before
the camera she would lose those winning
traits of environment. Her acting would be
about as natural and ingenuous as artificial
flowers. Your little shoplady heroine is a
difficult part. Miss Roberts broke into
Belasco’s payroll through her clever inter-
pretation of similar roles. I wanted her to
play Sally.

   “ I believe we went over that before,” re-
minded Shaffles uneasily.

  *• We did. And 1 agreed to that star-
selecting clause. You had a rattling fine
play. Too good to pass up. You see, I
counted on disillusioning you of your type
bug. But when you refused flatly to con-
sider the best little character actress in the
country I went ahead and got crooked. I
wired Miss Roberts in New York to come
ahead. We found out your^ haunts. One
night we drove over to Linn’s and she met
you there.” The broad, pleased grin had
spread again over Neilan’s face and he
nodded toward the actress. ‘'.The real
article, Jimmy. The gen—uine. pedigreed
goods.”

  Shaffles had a sense of humor. He
laughed until Neilan grew apprehensive and
ducked from the office—presumably in
search of the studio surgeon.

  “ Bui the missing milk bottles.” pon

dered Shaffles, when he and the girl were
alone, “ the fainting, that wealthy old
weasel at Stacey’s—”

   " Just stage stuff,” she replied, smiling
winsomely. “ Little white prevarications.
1 had to have a setting of some importance,
you know.”

   Shaffles pondered again.

  “ You’ll make a wonderful Sally,” he
ventured.

   “ Then you still wish me to take the part

—	after such duplicity?”

   “ After such a convincing rehearsal, you
mean. Of course I want you. Why, no
one in this world or the next could even
chew gum as cleverly as you did that night
at Linn’s. Either you star in this piece
or it never goes on. T’ll chuck it in an ash
can first.”

   “ I’d love the part,” said Miss Roberts
simply.

   An insidious silence crept into the office
and enveloped the two. Shaffles became
absorbed in the reflection of the window
light on Miss Roberts’s hair. It was bright
gold and curly. That, he remembered, was
exactly what his script specified for Sally
—“ Rather small figure. Eyes big and ex-
pressive. Hair bright gold and curly.”

   ‘‘ Mr.—Shaffles,” Miss Roberts was say-
ing hesitantly, “ do you remember shaking
hands with me when I came in?”

    Why, yes. Of course.”

    Well—would you-—did you know that
you have been holding my hand ever
since?”

  Shaffles started. Then a determined
gleam struck his eye. Why not take a
chance? It would be a little premature,
perhaps, and the papers said she received
a hundred mash notes a day—said she had
refused English coronets and half of Pitts-
burgh’s steel fortunes—said she was the
most talented young — but why consider
that? There was no grass growing under
his own feet. At times the papers talked
about him, too. He leaned toward her in
an affectionate manner.

  “ Tell me. Gabrielle—your hand—is it
tired?”

   ' Why, yes,” she replied softly, avoiding
his eyes. That one is—but, you know—
Jimmy—I have two of them.”
PKilip M. FisKer, Jr.

      /TY young friend,” said the profes-
l\/| sor, condescendingly, “have you
1 * A indulged in introspective coagita-
tion, as it were?”

  “ Huh!” said I.

  The professor’s benign smile intensified
his condescension.

  “ Ah, you do not understand. I thought
you would not,” he replied. “ But to sim-
plify, have you not at odd moments felt,
and at once fulfilled, a certain odd desire to
enter into positive ratiocinative argument
with the negatives of your true inward self?
Ah, ah—as it were?”

  I picked up a heavy walnut cribbage-
board from the table, examined it with
great interest and even thoughtfully
weighed it in my hand. I made no other
answer. Professor Eisenkopf’s apprehen-
sive eye at once contradicted the benignance
of his lips. Professor Eisenkopf, as is read-
ily seen, was at least in this definite and
practical way, and in spite of his conceit, at
once a mind reader and logician.

  His frame stiffened. My heart melted.

  “ Do you mean,” I asked, gently, setting
down the board as I sat upon the edge of
the heavy library table, “ do you mean—
have I ever taken the trouble to worry
about my real secret self? To wonder where
it is, and what it might be?”

  Professor Eisenkopf’s eyes sparkled and
his frame was transmuted from its oaken
stiffness of alarm back to the relief of plaint
aspen. He rubbed his hands happily—and
bowed with renewed graciousness.

  “ Exactly, Mr. Hemmingway, exactly!”

 To myself I chuckled. To the lean pro-
 fessor I said abruptly:

 “ Thanks. I have not.”

 His eyes showed positive horror.

 “ What? You never—”

 “ Never!” I nodded.

 His eves widened with growing pity.

“ You—you—”

 “ I have never had the time,” I explained,
 to soothe his wounded soul. The study of
 the “ inner self ” was his hobby, and I knew
 it. But I think I must have been born “ or-
 nery.” And here I saw a chance to tease the
 professor and have a litle fun.

 “ The time!” cried the professor, raising
 his hands reproachfully.

 “ Perhaps I had better say,” I added,
 cruelly again. " the opportunity.”

 The professor sank into a chair.

 “ The—"

 “ Don’t take it so hard. sir. I may be
 wrong in both these statements. After all,
 it might simplv be that I lack the ah—
 the—"

 Yes. ye?, yes?” cried my companion,
 earnestly, and with renewed enthusiasm.

 “ The inclination, sir,” I murmured
 weakly.

 “ My God! ” The professor fairly sobbed.
 “My God!” he blurted out once more.
 Then: "And you call yourself a modern
 man, even ultramodern!” Professor Eisen-
 kopf's voice rose high.

 I nodded proudly, and answered gallant-
 ly, but with a certain self-effacing weakness
 which I knew would take.

 “ Your statement, sir,” I said, “ is cor-
HIS INNER SELF.

345

 red in toto. And your perception of my
 own inward character is wonderful, wonder-
 ful. What need, then,” I added, with mali-
 cious show of interest—“ what need of my
 tearing out my inner self and its secrets, and
 subjecting them to my own personal exami-
 nation and to perhaps necessary mental cas-
 tigation, when you so ably do the former
 for me?”

  The dear professor rose nobly to my bait.
“ I will help you—will start you at once,
Mr. Flemmingway. I have always observed
that you were a true man of my heart—did
I not leave my studies to come up to-night
simply to see you and talk with you on
questions of the day? All this time I might
have been working on my experiments—and
yet I came to you—to you. And so I will
help you to seek your true inward self. All,
Mr. Hemmingway, your inner self—what a
field for exploration—and even exploitation,
and development. Your inner self, your se-
cret self, your true self, your—”

   “ Myself self, to put it simply, sir?”

  The professor’s hand switched at his
smooth-pointed goatee.

  “ Exactly, Mr. Hemmingway, exactly.”

   “ And this self self?” 1 hinted, breathless-
ly, giving visual evidence of a great thirst
for knowledge as well.

  “Your true inner consciousness!” he
cried, enthusiastically. “ That part of you
that prompts you to do things which yoi^
are prevented by your artificially developed
reason from really carrying out. The part
that would act on whim, desire, impulse.
The part of yourself that would control
your every act, or at least would like to so
control, if your reasoning and cultivated
mind did not exercise its calming power and
prevent.”

  “ You mean—if I suddenly thirst for an
egg-chocolate-malted-milk just horribly,
and suffer for it real pain, and am just
about to call for one, when reason says:

*	You have just finished your fourth, good
friend. Remember, no matter how you
thirst, it was the last drop that burst the
camel’s tummy. Forbear for your own
stomach’s sake! Beware the tides of—’
Well, that’s about it, isn’t it, sir?”

  “ Exactly, Mr. Flemmingway, exactly!”

   “ Well,” I said, “ begin.”

  Professor Eisenkopf’s jaw dropped.

  “ Begin?”

   “ Precisely, sir,” I replied, eagerly.

  “ But what shall I begin?” he cried.

  “ To set me in the right track, professor.
To guide me in the tortuous paths of intro-
spection lest I fall by the wayside and die
in the muck of my own imagination.”

  The professor’s hands clasped in his ex-
citement. Then he calmed suddenly and
gazed intently at me without a sign of emo-
tion, stared until I almost squirmed beneath
his scrutiny. Then, as suddenly again, he
smiled and nodded vigorously.

  “ A man of my own heart—how ably ex-
pressed, Mr. Hemmingway. “ Now,” he
settled himself comfortably in my heavy
leathered chair, “ to begin. My first re-
quirement is this—ah.” The professor
paused, and gazed in abstraction at the ceil-
ing.

  “ Well?” I hinted, after a moment.

  “ Exactly!” he cried, fixing his eyes upon
mine. “ Your mind must be opened abso-
lutely. In answering whatever questions I
ask, you must be absolutely frank. That is
my first condition.”

  My face, 1 hope, remained sober. I re-
marked without hesitation that I would fol-
low his directions. I would be frank—very
frank.

  “The second requirement?” I asked,
gently.

  “ My second requirement,” said the pro-
fessor, “ is this: You must take a sheet of
ordinary letter paper and write upon it
some secret you have always entertained.
Let it be something as nearly unbiased by
propriety or custom or reason as possible.
Let it be simply a frank and open-minded
statement of the tiling as you see it. Let it
be an expression, as near as you can make
it, of your true inner self.”

  I nodded—and found the paper.

  “ I will go into the next room,” I said,
“ for privacy, and for greater secrecy in or-
der to make this examination a real test,” I
added. “ I am very desirous, I assure you,
Professor Eisenkopf, of really knowing what
my inner mind is.”

  I stayed in the other room several min-
utes and thought. Then I went back and
held out the folded paper, already sealed in
346

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

its envelope. Professor Eisenkopf waved
it aside.

  *‘ Place the envelope under yonder crib-
bage case,” he directed. " I will not touch
it yet. But I will endeavor, by bringing
out your true thoughts, which represent
your true inner self unhampered by reason,
to lead those thoughts in such a way as to
finally come to the very one which is writ-
ten upon that paper. 1 will show you, by-
analyzing your many minor thoughts, how
one may by simple process of reasoning ar-
rive at the one great absorbing thought
which is the all-inclusive expression of your
true inward self. Do you follow me?”

  He bent his hawkish features upon me as
I drew up another cushioned chair before
the fire. I took the time to inhale a first
comforting breath of the long Havana be-
tween my teeth. “ Start right in, profes-
sor,” I said to myself. “ You'll think long
before you discover what is on that paper.”
“ So far the way is clear, sir,” 1 an-
swered, aloud. “ You will question me re-
garding my inner self. I will answer as best
I can, very frankly, and with no evasion of
the issue. And in the end, by a process of
reasoning, you will discover for me the one
real absorbing thought that is my true inner
self. You will name what is on the paper,
there—the true expression of my real self.”
“ Exactly, sir, exactly.” The professor’s
black eyes snapped. “ First, now—what is
the thought that is uppermost in your mind
at this very instant?”

  " I must be frank?” I reminded him.

  He nodded gravely. " As to your phy-
sician, sir.”

  “ At my ranch,” I answered, slowly and
exhaled a thin stream of blue tobacco smoke
•—-i at my ranch is a sick cow.”

  Professor Eisenkopf's delicate brows rose
a trifle, I fancied, at the matter of factness
of my answer. Then, as if a thought had
struck him as already certain, and as if my
answer had been in accord with it, he
nodded.

  " .‘\li—all,” lie murmured. " At your
ranch there is a sick cow.”

  His voice was wondrous, now. and
dreamy. Poor professor—he’d discover my
true inner self, oh, yes. That papef—

  “ Deduction number one correct.” 1 ap-

proved, as I flicked my ash upon die hearth.
Then, after a moment’s frowning silence on
my companion's part: “ Next?”

  “ And er—er—the cow's name?”

  “ Euphrosonie,” I promptly answered.
The professor’s brows knitted once more.
Once more he thought in silence. Then once
more he murmured:

  ” Euphrosonie?”

  “ Deduction number two correct,” I de-
clared. “ Fine, fine—remarkable! And fol-
lowing that?” I am afraid I almost was
rude, almost gave myself away. But with-
out a word, the professor sank back in
thought.

  And while he thinks—let us for a mo-
ment philosophize.

  Reason is a queer thing. A queerer thing
still is reasoning. And when one reasons
falsely the superlative of queerness may be
reached—and the deduction, though arrived
at by a process of reasoning, and though it
seemed reasonable enough, yet it is not
within reason. And when one reasons
rightly the deduction will be correct and
within reason, and yet queerly enough, may
at the same time, as we think the matter
over, be unreasonable.

  Thus, in following false logic, one may
find himself reasonable but wrong. And in
following correct logic one may find himself
unreasonable, but right. Therefore the rea-
sonable is not always right nor is the unrea-
sonable always wrong. Yet, we hear, a
thing must be either right or wrong. Then
does it not follow—or does it—that the rea-
sonable may sometimes be the unreason-
able?

   After this brief mental hiatus the curtain
rises in haste.

  The professor has been thinking. The
professor wishes to lead us to that all-
absorbing thought which is my inner self.
He is trying to lead to the paper, in that
sealed envelope, under that book, on my
library table, wherein is—but we will see if
he scents the reasonable trail, or not.

  " You have a ranch, then. I take it?”

   " Correct in first detail,” 1 replied. " But
as to the second—you don’t.”

  He stared at me thoughtfully a moment,
then frowned in grim reproval.

   " It is a dairy ranch?”
HIS INNER SELF.

34?

  “ It’s in the middle of the sunny San
Joaquin,” I answered. “ And I have no ir-
rigation plant.”

  “ Then this—this—what did you say the
name was?”

  “ Euphrosonie,” I repeated.

  “ Ah—then this Euphrosonie is the only
cow you have; only a family cow, as it
were.”

  “ Correct, again,” I nodded, then added:
“ As it is.”

  “ And she is kept for her milk?” the pro-
fessor went on, raising his fine brows once
more.

  “ Only on the side,” I answered. “ Her
real purpose is architectural. Ah,” I went
on, “ in the delicious San Joaquin twilight,
with the sun a golden orange flattening fast
Beneath the western valley haze, and the
coolness of the river breezes sweeping up
from the bays below, and the stars peeping
out in the deepening blue overhead, and a
glowing glory reflected over all from the
tinted snows of the far-off Sierras; ah, ’tis
then that Euphrosonie does her part. Eu-
phrosonie adds tone to the lovely scene—as
well as milk. Ah, professor, it is wonderful
what that cow can do. Why, she—”

  Professor Eisenkopf’s hand stopped my
flow.

  “ Thank Heaven,” he said, “ that all
poets are not yet driven from this earth!”
Then he paused.

  I started. The professor was really a
pretty good chap, after all. And this despite
his theories. I reached out and humbly
touched his kness.

  “ Thank you,” I murmured. But he
heard not—his mind was working toward
that hidden paper and the expression upon
it that would show my inner self.

  “ Good!” he went on. “ Things progress
admirably. You own a ranch—therefore
you love the out of doors. The fact that
you keep a cow shows a tendency toward
domesticity, and a longing for home and
family life. That you say you keep her for
her beauty as well as her milk, combined
with your so wonderfully expressed appreci-
ation of the San Joaquin’s evening wonders,
leads me to the conclusion that you are at
heart an artist.”

  “ An uncle of mine,” I muttered,

“ painted my windmill and my R. F. D.

box.”

  The professor ignored my frantic boast.

  “ And that you do not live upon the
ranch,” he went on, “ shows a love of ease
and luxury. Good—but Eu—Euphrosonie
is ill, you say?”

  I nodded. I had said that the cow was
indisposed, certainly. But how was this rea-
scffiing going to lead to the discovering of
my real inner self?

  “ And that thought was uppermost in
your mind when I asked you my first ques-
tion? Is that not correct?” continued Pro-
fessor Eisenkopf. “ You were thinking of
that suffering animal far up in the San Jo-
aquin—and held that thought above all
other thoughts? Is she very ill?

  “ Quite,” I answered, sadly.

  “ And is her pain great?”

  “ No sooner had I left the ranch last
week-end than her moans mingled with the
chirping music of the crickets in the stub-
ble,” I murmured.

  “ Ah—it is sad, it is sad. And you are
worried?”

  I nodded again—dumbly.

  Professor Eisenkopf eyed me gravely a
moment, and with his elbows on the arms
of the chair, thoughtfully tapped his fingers
together.

  “ And to-day is Thursday—four days
have passed since you saw her last. And yet
still the impression made by her pain is up-
permost in your mind. My deduction from
this is obvious, Mr. Hemmingway. You are
not only a lover of the great outdoors, an
artist, but also a man of sympathy.

  I gravely exhaled a whirling flood of good
Havana smoke.

  *' Obviously,” I repeated. Then lower:
“ The darn she-cattle cost me sixty-five
bucks!”

  “ And yet,” continued the professor, his
black eyes searching mine, “ and yet with
all this trouble and anxiety and tempera-
ment, you can sit here calmly and do your
best to aid me in teaching you how to look
into your true inner self! It is wonderful—
and I am almost arrived at my goal. In but
one moment more I will name that inmost
thought that is yourself—and you will un-
derstand, and see, at last! And to think—
348

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

the mention of this simple cow has brought
me to my conclusion. The science of logical
reasoning is, indeed, wonderful, wonderful.”
1 nodded. Maybe it was. But I doubted
it. The professor's reasoning was reasonable
enough—that I had to admit. But, then, he
might be like the chicken thief, who was
very careful and quiet as he entered the
roost shed. And very cautious as he felt of
the chickens as they cluck-clucked in their
dreams. And entirely reasonable in seizing
one which displayed a singular sleekness to
the touch. But wrong in conclusion—for
the thing he seized was a fat-fed pole cat
bent upon an errand similar to his. And
the professor’s conclusion might be just as
er—ah—bad.

  The professor was very, very calm now.
1 could see that what he had said was true—
he was approaching the climax of his logic.
He would soon tell me what was on that
sheet of paper. He would divulge to me my
true inner self!

  I was learning rapidly—wonderfully!
My true inner self! The secret would be
out! Inwardly I helped myself to a hearty,
and I must say, a conceited chuckle. •' The
higher we soar,” I reminded the professor,
in the depths of my silent thought, “ the
harder the fall.” Poor professor! But, then,
I was here to learn.

  The professor’s eyes, seeming all pupil,
fixed themselves upon mine—and my in-
ward chuckle then threatened again to break
out. But I restrained myself—and won-
dered to what conclusion Professor Eisen-
kopf would arrive. Quite suddenly he
leaned forward and tapped upon my knee.
I leaned for the shock—my inner self—and
steadied my features to sphinxlike gravity.

  “I have it!” he cried, enthusiastically.
i; I have it! Listen! The thought that was
uppermost in your mind, of this unfortu-
nate Euphrosonie. this cow. has given it to
us. Listen!”

  I looked into his eye—and then I lis-
tened. What was this the professor was
saying? What—was his reasoning so truly
logical? Had he come really to a reason-
able conclusion? Was— And would the
paper in that envelope prove—

  “ Listen, you!" he cried.

  “ You bought a ranch, not a farm—but

to boast about. You are too lazy to run it
yourself—so found a man who’d take the
trouble. You bought a cow because the
ma% you hired to run the ranch out of debt
for you has a growing family, and for that
reason only. Your cow is ill, if she is ill at
all, because you cut her rations and raised
Cain about her feed, when you so honored
your ranch with a visit this last week-end.

  " You have no poetry in your heart be-
cause in place of a heart you have a throb-
bing lump of rotten and iconoclastic cyni-
cism. You made a mock of something I
would do to really draw you from your self-
dug pit of miring conceit and asininity—
and scoffed at my earnestness in my very
face; and 1 your guest at your very
hearth.”

   The professor rose, his eyes flashing.

    And your entire self is so absorbed in
your entire self, in your own complete self-
ishness and conceit, that your inner self,
your true self, rasps through as raggedly,
and as raucously, as a broken tooth-saw
through a knot-holed timber. You are an
egotistical nonentity, a know-nothing—and
you know it not. And my conclusion, easily
arrived at, T assure you. sir, is that your
true inner self is an absolute blank.”

  1 jumped for the envelope wherein lay
the folded paper. But he beat me to it.
He raised the cribbage board, and seized
the envelope. 1 sank down into my chair,
and covered my eyes with my hands and
groaned.

  The professor was very, very silent after
I heard him^ustle that paper open. Then
suddenly he burst into a peal of ironic and
sneering laughter—and I trembled in my
shame and exposure.

  The professor was right—and my own
act had proved it. For the paper, itself, was
absolutely blank.

  Dimly 1 heard the professor move toward
the hall. Quickly 1 jumped to my feet, and
took him by the arm and lead him back,
and held out my prime Havanas, and siz-
zled something in a glass.

  " Sit down,” 1 pleaded. “ I want to learn
—to learn how to make something out of
nothing.”

  And, Heaven be praised, the professor
was the man that 1 was not -and sat.
 ROMANCE clings to the very names of some parts of this big, wonderful world
 of ours. High up in the list of these blessed places is the Spanish Main, still
 sailed by the shades of treasure ships and the craft of the buccaneers and
 pirates who preyed upon them; still haunted by the ghosts of bloody-handed adven-
 turers, who stands grim guard over many an ill-gotten and still unfound treasure of
 gold and silver and precious stones.

      Yet all the romance is not of the past. Mysterious schooners still sail on errands
 that will not bear the light of day. Blood runs hot in the veins of the people who
 inhabit the islands in these seas of high adventure—people of a dozen races and with
 the passions of the four quarters of the earth. Along the white beaches love and hate
 and death are swift and sudden. Darkness follows swift upon the heels of brilliant
 sunlight; the velvet blackness of the starlit night is rent by the jagged gleam of light-
 sail; graceful palms wave over peaceful coral strands which are the scenes of violent
 crime—the stage is always set for romance, for love, for tragedy. And upon this stage
 steps—Janie Frete!

      What reader of the All-Story Weekly doesn’t love that little lady of many ad-
 ventures and many charms; Janie of the brave heart and quick wit; Janie the shrewd,
 the daring, the demure, the reckless, the knowing, the lovable? Our readers know that
 a Janie Frete story is a good story. Her name raises high expectations—and they are
 all fulfilled in the four-part serial which starts in next week’s issue—

A SHORTAGE IN PERFUMES

BY RAYMOND S. SPEARS
Author of “Janie Frete, Intruder,” “The Green Sachem,” “Trail of the Otter Pelts,” etc.

      One of Janie’s many friends among those knights of the open road, known to an
 unsympathetic world as “ tropical tramps,” found a treasure; not of gold or silver or
 gems, to be sure, but yet a real treasure; sealed it in an iron cask, and buried it on an
 uninhabited island, intending, of course, to return for it. But he didn’t—death
 claimed him. So he left the treasure to Janie; but when she heard of it, it was through
 Captain Taulk, expert and widely traveled parjumeur, who had decided that he was
 the man who really needed the contents of that buried cask.

      You know Janie Frete well enough to be sure that Captain Taulk had a lot of
 excitement coming to him when he started to defraud her of what was rightfully hers!

      It’s a fast-moving, colorful tale; with characters who are real flesh-and-blood men
 and women—a drama staged on the world’s most romantic stage, and worthy of its
 setting. And one of the characters—Sorilla of the turtle fleet—is worthy to take rank
 with the charming Janie Frete herself.

,** ,<

WHEN' the stripped and bleeding victim of her bosom wide to ease his tired heart and guides
man's inhumanity to man, the derelict of his stricken footsteps to her hidden wells of heal-
life’s fitful fever and its impregnable handicap ing. The open face of the calm fields, the brood-
tums for sanctuary and for shelter, nature spreads ing quiet of wooded hills, the inviting cleanliness

349
350

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

of blue lake and winding river—ail are magic
medicine for the ills to which flesh is heir, from
the bruised heel of a little boy to the battered
heart of a man.

   And swifter still to ply her healing touch, for
 those who have won to an understanding of her
 moods and temper, is the sea. For unless a man
 is willing to partake of the sacrament of the sea,
 she casts him forth as unclean and unfit for the
 uses of her watery way. Men of the sea are a
 race apart, and there is always something pro-
 voking about their very presence. One senses
 immediately they cannot he commonplace or they
 would not follow the wind and the wave.

   Our novelette for next week—

FI-FAM LAG00

BY BURKE JENKINS

 is a story of the sea, and a very entrancing story
 you will find it. For here are ranged no ordinary
 seamen, but men who upon the watery plain
 played for the highest stakes, knowing full well
 their jealous mistress would impartially apportion
 the victory. If you appreciate primitive passion,
 great simplicity, and an artfully told story, watch
 for the docking of u ship from Yillikao.

<9*	“t	,<*

   The title of Max Brand's incisive little tale in
 next week's All-Stohv Weekly—“ VICTORY "
 —might lead some suspicious soul into thinking
 here is another war story. Nothing of the kind,
 wise reader! Guess again! Brand's hero left no
 record of his war impressions and opinions, but' it
 is a safe bet his heart was in the right place.
 He never came within speaking distance of any-
 thing so concretely real as victory in the current
 meaning of the term; but. after all. is no' victory
 in any sense as much a matter of intention as
 achievement? In casting up the account of J.
 Augustus Vicars, he would be a daring man indeed
 who would seek to strike the balance.

       J*	,4

   If the elegiac inspiration of one of the most
 eminent of the Victorian poets could be trusted,
 tears are a nobler gift than laughter. But, the
 spontaneous conviction of the whole American
 people cries out against this tragic judgment.
 Humor, the most potent panacea for human in-
 firmity, from penury lo peevishness, is the most
 precious gift of the gods. Love alone has a
 longer line of clients, and love is just a little un-
 comfortable, not to say heroic, unless sweetened
 with a soupc;on of humor. In proof and verifica-
 tion of the above platitudes, we have only to refer
 you to one of the best Samuel G. Camp stories
 we have ever published. It is called "TRKAT
 ’EM ROUGH," and will be found in next week's
 magazine.

.< .*« ,<

   Few of us who work for the " other fellow "
but feel at limes the ways of promotion an- pas!

nnding out. The system is incomprehensible ex-
cept lo those who pull the strings. If, like our-
selves, you have exhausted the correspondence
school short road to success, or gone on the rocks
with the plausible promoter of latent talent, who
improves your memory or sells you the great
trade or professional sccret at so many dollars
down and the rest in weekly instalments, you
will be particularly interested in H. P. Holt's
story, "WRECKING THE AGATHA,'’ which
vividly narrates the desperate chance one man
look when all the approved formulas had failed
lo impress fate or his chief. This is one of the
excellent short stories to be found in next week's
A Li.-Story Weekly.

■-* ■.* jt

   Crime and criminals lie all about us, thick as
 leaves in Vallambrosa. But the average son of
 democracy who pays his taxes, votes conscien-
 tiously, and goes lo church regularly (on certain
 stated occasions), is somewhat at a loss to under-
 stand the depths of municipal depravity which
 arc periodically exposed when the two .dominant
 political parties change places of victor and van-
 quished. From which you would naturally infer,
 when we go on to speak of Frank Blightons
 story, " ACE IN THE HOLE," that this tale of
 mystery and crime was primarily concerned with
 political issues. Nothing of the kind. Read the
 story itself in next, week's magazine, and you will
 have your reward.

•-<	J*	Jt

“ ALL SOLD OUT ”

To the Em tor :

   Enclosed you will find money for issue of the
 A Li.-Story Weekly of November j;. I am send-
 ing for same for Hie reason that after going to
 every book and magazine store in town I am un-
 able to find the least sign of one. I was informed
 by each store that they had arrived Saturday
 morning and were'all gone before night. That
 shows you how much they are liked in this
 vicinity.

  I am reading ‘ The Substitute Millionaire,”
which 1 think is one of the best stories 1 have
read in a long time. S ou cannot imagine how
badly I fell to know that 1 had to wait so long
before 1 will be able lo continue this story.
While I am writing this letter 1 will take the
opportunity lo tell you how much good this
magazine has done me. I had my leg broken a
couple of years ago, and have had three opera-
tions on it. No matter how much pain I was
suffering, I could always read the All-Story
Weekly, allhough at limes, after my numerous
operations, the pains were so great as to make it
almost impossible lo read anything.

   1 am anxiously waiting for this Iasi edition,
 and assuring you that the next time the maga-
 zines arrive I will be the first one al the store, so
HEART TO HEART TALKS.

351

 as to Ijc able lo get a magazine before they arc
 all sold. I beg to remain,

E. J. DlEKINC.

  Los Angeles, California.

FROM 17 TO 72

To the Editor :

  I have been a constant reader of the All-Story
Weekly for several years, and I think it is a
splendid magazine. Wc get the magazine from
the news-stand every week, and after reading it
send it on to my soldier brother in France. He en-
joys your magazine greatly, and used to buy it
himself before enlisting. 1 think all your stories are
fine, but I especially enjoyed “ Koyala the Beauti-
ful,” “ White Tigers,” “ Everyman's Land," “ The
Texan," and all of E. K. Means's stories. By the
way, why don't we ever have some more of his
stories? I think they are so amusing and true to
life. I see in this week's All-Story Weekly
Edgar Rice Burroughs's name on the “ Honor
Roll.” I had been wondering why we never had
any more of his wonderful stories. My brother
and I both agree that his stories of Tartan are
without an equal. I am very fond of reading,
but while school keeps I don't have very much
time, as I am in high school all day, and at night
I have my lessons to learn. Consequently I limit
my reading to the magazines and papers 1 like
best of all. You can be sure that the All-Story
Weekly heads the list. Wishing you the best of
success,

                        Miss Julia Harper.
  417 Thirty-Seventh Avenue, No.,

  Nashville, Tennessee.

To the Editor:

  Enclosed you will find a post-office order for
two dollars for six months’ subscription for the
All-Story Weekly. I have been a reader of it
since long before you changed the name from the
Cavalier, and I want you to start the magazine
with the date of November 23, then November
30 and December 7, as I have missed these three.

I think it the best and most interesting of all the
magazines I have read. 1 have been getting them
in Omaha, but they come so irregular that I
thought best to get them from you. 1 am an old
lady of seventy-two, and have read the All-
Story Weekly for years. Some stories are cer-
tainly good for the blues. In others I find
laughter and tears. I hope and pray in the long
years to come you will keep the All-Story
Weekly in view, for I want to enjoy it as I ever
have done through the years, be they many or
few. Hoping to get the books soon, I am,

                        Mrs. S. F. Moore.

  Hastings, Ohio.

"CLAIRE” SPLENDID

To the Editor:

  I have just finished reading Miss Mildred
Thomas's letter about Mr. L. B. Blades's story,

“ Claire." I also wish to congratulate you on
securing so fine an author, and hope we will hear
from him soon again. It was splendid, and I
think it taught some of us a lesson. “To think
before we speak ” to people who arc less fortu-
nate than us, who arc physically sound.

  I have just finished “ Lady of the Night
Wind,” and enjoyed it, as I do all stories by Mr.
V. Yanardy. I like the Western stories and those
of the North. Had a good sword story like
“Black Wolf of Picardy” (The Argosy). One
question I'd like to ask you to answer when you
have time—who was the author of the Swami
Ram stories, and will we hear from him again in
the same? Would like to hear from G. Ogden,
J. B. Hendryx, E. K. Means, E. J. Rath, and H.
Titus. We have not heard from those just men-
tioned in a very long time; by “ we ” I mean the
All-Story Weekly fans. I read all your short
stories, and find them all dandy. So keep up the
good work. With best wishes to you, Mr.
Editor, and all your authors for a very merry
Chrislmas and a happy New Year.

Mrs. L. McDermott.

  New York City.

 LITTLE HEART-BEATS

  Just received yours of the 22nd, informing me
you were unable to supply me the All-Story
Weekly of September 28. Gentlemen, have a
heart! Do you realize you are denying me a
complete novel by Gregory, besides generous in-
stalments of Ilendryx, Franklin, and the William-
sons? Again I say, have a heart! Will you be
kind enough to publish this in Heart to Heart
Talks, and maybe some of the readers will be
willing to exchange a September 2S issue of the
All-Story Weekly for a perfectly good quarter.

                    Frank G. Hammond.

  Guntcrsvillo, Alabama.

  I have never dropped you a line before, not be-
cause I didn't want to, but because I have been too
busy reading All-Story Weekly’s. Your stories
arc all O. K. I have no kick, but have been
waiting for another story from the author of
"The Enemy In His Mouth ” (Raymond Ashley).
Find enclosed ten cents and stamps for postage
for the Ai.l-Stoky Weekly, November 16, 1918,
as I cannot afford to miss it, and send to,

                      Mr. G. H. Lawrence.

  385 Main Street,

  Fitchburg, Massachusetts.

  I have been reading your magazine since No-
vember 14, 1014, and have not missed a single
copy since. I have all the numbers on file, and
when I get a complete story I start and read it,
without waiting for the copies to come each week.
I think “The Promise,'' by James B. Hendryx,
352

ALL - STORY WEEKLY,

was an exira good story; also, I am always
especially interested in the writing of E. K.
Means, Burroughs, Jackson Gregory, Isabel Os-
trander, and in fact nearly all of the stories in
your magazine. It is the best magazine published
to-day, and the other magazines arc not interest-
ing after reading the All-Story Weekly. I have
every number of the Au.-Story Weekly since
November 14, 1914. to January 1, 1017, all packed
complete and in rotation, and as I have read them
all I would sell them to any one that would
make me an offer for the two years and over of
the back numbers. Who wants them? What
offer do you make in cash and transportation
collect? I will be glad to hear from any reader
that deserves these copies and making the offer
that they would be willing to pay. Thanking you
in advance, I am,

                               Harry Carl.

 Jcromeville, Ohio.

 Enclosed find money order for two dollars for
 six months’ subscription to the Au.-Story
 Weekly, beginning with the issue of November
 2. There is no other magazine that can equal the
 All-Story Weekly at the price. I have been a
 constant reader of it for the last three years, and
 usually purchase it at the news-stands, but I am
 now on the farm out in the country, and cannot
 get it without a lot of trouble. I am in the
 theatrical business, and I find quite a number of
 theatrical folks who read the All-Story Weekly.

 I like E. K. Means best of all your writers.
 However, there are a lot of real writers on your
 staff. With best wishes, I am.

                       Respectfully yours,

                               Sam Hood.

 Cloverdale, Alabama.

 Please send me. as soon as convenient to you.
 the following numbers of the All-Story
 Weekly: November 23. 30, and December 7.
 Am enclosing forty-five cents in stamps for same.
 1 have been reading the All-Story Weekly for
 several years, and have enjoyed every number. I
 like your serials best. My favorite authors are
 Edgar Rice Burroughs. George Allan England, J.
 U. Giesy. J. B. Smith, E. K. Means. Captain
 Dingle, and many others. Hulbert Footner is
 another one of my choicest, ■‘The Huntress”
 couldn't be better. 1 wish good luck to the
 All-Story Weekly as long as it lives. Hoping
 1 shall receive the copies. I am.

                           Miss I.UEi.1.1: Weeks.

 Lava Hot Springs, Idaho.

I have been a reader of the All-Story Weekly
for two years and The Argosy for so long 1 can t
remember. Why can't we have a “ different
story every week? They are great. I have no
certain author, but for sea stories, give me Captain
Dingle. What year did " To the Victor " appear

 in the All-Stoky? Can 1 get the four numbers
 by sending for them?

George Hovey.

    Indianapolis, Indiana.

   Note: - To the Victor," by Harold Titus, was
 published in the All-Story Cavalier May 23 to
 June 1.5, 1014 (four issues,). Unfortunately these
 issues are now out of print, but the story has
 been published in book form under the title
 "-1 Conquered,” by the Rand-McNally Com-
 pany, Chicago, Illinois; price $1.25 net. You can
 probably procure it from your own book-dealer
 or from the publisher direct.

    Although not a regular subscriber to your All-
 Story Weekly, I think it is the best of them all.
 I buy mine at the news-stands, which amounts to
 the same thing. On account of changing places
 often, I find it more convenient. Having a touch
 of cowboy blood, I like all the Western stories.
 Think “The Texan ' immense, and 1 stand right
 behind Mr. H. Dock, of New Jersey, as an ad-
 mirer of '• Claire.” not only on account of her
 build, but just naturally a real she-woman. I
 am just itching to get hold of “H. R. H. the
 Rider "; it should be here on sale to-day. If
 Whistling Dan with Satan, Black Bart, and Kate
 run along like they start out, I've sure got a treat
 ahead. The short -stories all speak for them-
 selves. I only wish there were more of them.
 In fact, I don't find any that bore holes in me.
 I read the verses, too. I wish there were more
 writers of verse like Margaret G. Hays; she puts
 the pep in her lines. Just keep tying your rope
 on all the best ones, and the All-Story Weekly
 will have a life-long success.

                                    I- Elliott.

   Baltimore, Maryland.

   Just a line to let you know how I enjoy your
 magazine, especially E. K. Means's stories. When
 I read his story entitled •• Monkey Lodge,” I
 loaned it to several of my friends, and they
 vowed they wouldn't miss another of his stories
 for anything. It is worth the price of your
 magazine just to read his stories. Next to E. K.
 Means I liked “The Texan,” and I agree with
 Mr. Pelky that we don't want to leave the poor
 fellow out in the woods with a rose in his hand,
 so give us a sequel to it. I don't agree with one
 of your readers, who said the All-Story Weekly
 was the same as any other magazine but for a few
 stories in it. J think no other magazine can
 come up to it. The All-Story Weekly and The
 Argosy are the only two magazines I've read since
 J got the first copy of them. Give us some more
 Semi-Dual stories, and also some more by the
 author of "Steamboat Gold" (George Washing-
 ton Ogden). Well. I’ve my little say, and will
 close now.

                              P. L. Yates, Jr.

402 N. Twenty-Ninth Street,

Richmond, Virginia.
 will refund yotirmoney. If you decide to keep I hem
 you can pay thebalanceinsraall mcnthly payments.

Only$

Yes, that s	,

 all. Send only

             the

below	ilOWH

 <iiul we will sliip I

 you these flannel
     shirts. Don't wait, order them today. Ifyouare
     not entirely satisfied, return them to us and we

Because the flannel for these shirts was purchased nearly a year ago at a rock-lrtrttom figure.
We advise jou to buy now at this low price while you can. A truly wonderful value. Act quick.

Shirt Set consists of 1 popalnr Khaki Flannel and 1 striped Silver
Gray Flannel. Tho material in these shirts i< n fine broadcloth
finished good weight flannel, that will give excellent wear. Both
shirts uro cat coat etylo with military linked collar and 2 outside

breast pockotB with flaps to hutton. Cat foil slxe. Pearl buttons
to match. Sixes 14 to 18. Como packed 2 of thosamo siza t- n
fct. Order by No. D-5. Only $1.00 with coupon and II J>0 a month.
Total price. $9.9S.

6 Months to Pay!

  Easy Payments •

Take six months to pay. We
will open a charge account fur
you. No discount for cash—not
one penny extra for credit.
Just a small monthly payment
which you will hardly miss. Get
Ihe habit of buying on credit.
It is good sound business
policy. Everyone use* their credit
— why shouldn't you use yours?
Act at once!

Send this Coupon /.

■■aaiiiiiiaiiaaii

Elmer Richards Co.

Dept. l»il
35th Street, Chicago. III.

  4T Gentlemen:—I enclose-........

  ,♦ as flrst payment. Please
  * the Shirt Set, 115. $1.00 earth,
  $1.50 monthly- total price $9.98

Thousands will be sending for this bar-
gain. It will be first come, first served. You f
mayneverriKainK-cttlieoiiportunityofsiich > _.

a value. We are only able to ofler such a ♦ wilh tii«8hirtSrt f oinreoimil »n
value because of our large ontpul, no act . Kot payment buck with nil rtaiv™.
but not quickly. Fill out the coupon f Othorwlfel will pay $1 .rota mnnthunifl
and send it to us with$1.00 P.O.order. ♦ total price of $9.88 has been paid.

 ... If I nm not satipflrf!
 t Set I e

Elmer Richards Co.

Dept. 1901
W. 35th St., Chicago. 111.

/

Atldrt&u.

Military

Flannel

Shirt

Order by
No. D o
Room Full of Furniture

Send only $1.00 and we will ship you this handsome 6-piece library set. Only

___ $1.00 down and then $2..so i*<t month, or $28.1*6 in*11. A positively staggering value, and one

 DQ U/ BJ of the bigg*-at bargains wo have ever offered. Look at thin massive set, clip the coupon
      w •• below and have It tblpi>ed on approval. Then see for yourself what a beautiful set It In.

                  If you do not like It. return It In 30 day* and we will return your money. All you have
 to do Is Bend the coupon with $1.00. This magnificent library net Is not shown In our regular catalog The
 ▼alue Is no wonderful and the demand no greaji that then- aren't enough to go around, no send today sure.
 Either have set sent for you to see, or tell ub to mail catalog.

6 Pieces

•ption rhair u

reception rhair are 30 lnch«?» hlifh. iuU 17 x 17 Inchon. All four piece- ar«
ImitaUon Spanlah Iradier. Library table ha* 24 x 34 Inch top. with roomy
•mil. Jar lmirre ntand meaaurea 17 Inchon hi*h. with 12 Inch too. Clip thr
wo will ship tho on tiro aot of nix pic con. aubjort to your approval. No C. O. D

 fey-asr;

HE? "e: oWD.‘'‘
not Bolil »r

h |1 00. and
» K J>. ao aa
o discount

  fll ahip the entire aet of *ix piece*, nubjort to your approval. No C.O.D. Shfptwd K .......,.....

  *a voaumuchas one-lwlf of th* frelrtt charm. Eaay«oa*t up, Wrl«ht about 17ft lb* No C. O D. no discount
  iw cain< Order by No. BS2GOA. 1*1.00 cash. $2.50 monthly. Total price. 123.05. Piocoa not aold aoparatoly.

Act Now-WhileThis Special Offer Lasts!

 Don’t wait a day longer. Sltdown today nnd wend In-coupon for this (-piece Fumed Solid Oak.Library Set. For a limited time only
 are we able to offer you this stupendous bargain. Prices, as vou know, on everything nre going up. up, up. It is Impossible to tell just
 whutdav it will be necessary for us to increase the prlceof this wonderful Fumed Solid Oak Library Set. So aei, but act quickly.

Send This Coupon

 Fill out coupon, send it to us with first small payment and we’ll ship you this wonderful 6-piece Futncd Solid Oak Library Set.
 Pieces no! sold separately.

Easy Payments!

                                                                          Open an account with u*. We trust honest
                                                                          people, no matter where you live. Send for this
                                                                          wonderful hnrgnln shown above or choose from
                                                                          our big catalog. One price to all. cash or credit
                                                                          No discount for caah. Not one penny extra for
                                                                          credit. Positively no discount from these sen-
                                                                          sational prices and bo C. O. o.

                                                                                Our truarantce pro-
                                                                                tects you. If not
                                                                                perfectly satisfied,
                                                                                return the article at oar ex|>eiMK> within 30 days
                                                                                nnd get your money back—nlsoany freight you
                                                                                paid. Could any offer be fairer !

                      Along with

                                   ?1.00 to us now.
                         ,	Have this fine library

      \ set shipped on 30 clays' "trial.
      We will also send our big

_________________......-rr — "K Bargain Catalog listing

                      B52G0A. W.H. V thousands of amazing bar-
      % gains. Only a small
      ......................................... V first payment and

...............!.......................... \ balance in monthly pay-

                                          % men is for anything
                                          A you want.

                                                       *« fin 11 nnu

Free Trial Coupon^*
STRAUS a SCHRAM, (Ino.) A

 I kept. 1071. W. 35th St., Chicago ”

 SrtS^ftUJsS-Jfe 35£.w i-STffpi

 SO <Uya free trial. If I keep the aiilta 1 will p_.
 you 12.50 monthly. if not aatJafted. I am to return A
 tho aulto wjthln no tlaya a/id you are to refund my Wj
 •oa I paid.

 Addrt*s .

 Send cou-

30 Days’Trial

 JW Offlre..............

         »» you ONLY want c
  f 1 Furniture nnd Stoves
  13 Man's, Women's and Children's Clothing

...........Stale............ ^

 Hoc, put X In box below.	a

  Jcwe’ry | 1 Cream Separators

               ( Paints ( ; Roofing

Free Bargain Catalog

                    Shows thousands'of bargains In furniture.

                      jewelry. cari-ta. mra. eurtalna. allvarwure. stoves,
                      porch and lawn furniture, woidch'b, mon'a and
                      chlldren'a wasHOC apparel.

STRAUS & SCHRAM Chicago

 TFtF MUSSET PRESSiMrew TOHK