PUBLISHED

THREE TIMES A MONTH

APRIL

 H. D. Couzens

 ^Frederick J. Jackson

 Robert Simpson

 Captain Dingle

 Bfin F. Baker

 Arthur D. Howden
 Smith

 Farnham Bishop

 Frank H. Shaw

 F. St. Mars

 Walter R. Marsden
                                      274 Complete Stories — One Long Novel

Like the Caliph of ancient Bagdad was
O. Henry. He has explored the byways of
colorful New York. He has walked the
water-front, dropped into strange eating
places on the Bowery; he has sat for hours,
disguised as a tramp, on a park bench, wait-
ing for the adventure around the corner.

And he always found it. The city was his
world, and it gave him tribute of rich store
of material, unfailing inspiration and the
key to that inner life which remains to most
of us a sealed book.

Marvelous indeed are the stories he tells
—bits of'life they are, really, standing out
sharp and clean-cut from his pages—each
and every one new and different—each with
a new beginning—a new plot—a new and
always unexpected ending.

$500 in Prizes
Given Away

 FOR THE BEST LETTERS
 TELLING WHAT YOU FIND
 MOST APPEALING IN
 0. HENRY’S STORIES
 $250.00 for the First Priza
 100.00 for the Second Prlza
 50.00 for the Third Prizs
 And 10 prizes of $10.00 each
 Contest closes March 15, 1022.
 Entries must be submitted in
 the form of a letter of from 150
 to 200 words. State simply which
 is your favorite O. Henry story
 and your reason for liking it best.

    The purpose of this contest is
  to find cut what it is about
  O. Henry that appeals to so
  many people. No writer of the
  short story since the world began
  has had so many admirers. We
  want to know why.

         Finish This Story for
         Yourself-—

        O. HENRY

                        The girl got $6 a week and was lonely. “Piggy”—you can
                        imagine his kind—was waiting downstairs. He knew where
                        champagne and music could be had. But that night she didn’t
                        go. That was Lord Kitchener’s doing. But another night?
                        O’Henry tells about it in a story. Read it.

               E. PHILLIPS While They Last ¥T* IT*
               OPPENHEIM 7 Volumes rlYEiE.

Mysteries—baffling, fascinating that hold you spellbound—adventures /
that set your pulses aracing—romances that stir your very heart- / ADV. 4-22
strings—all these are in his stories, and all his marvelous genius / REVIEW OP
is in the telling of them.	/ REVIEWS CO.

He lets you into secrets that take your breath	away. He shows / ^ewVork Chy*
you hidden forces—secret intrigues—startling accidents—that / gend me ^

have kept Europe in turmoil for a generation.	He holds you / proval, charges paid
enthralled with, the romance, the mystery of his tale right up / by you, O. Henry’s

to the very last word.	/ b"0^3 ft

m	/ with gold tops. Also the

W	mx _____ W	f	___ O / 7 volume Masterpieces of

GXJ.V M-jCLST /JCLTlCe ! t E- philllQ» Oppenheim.

W	V r	/ bound in cloth. If I keen

I	.	/ the books, I will remit $1.50

We have left over from last year s big sale a few hundred / in 5 days, and then $2.00 a
jjk copies of these best stories of E. Phillips Oppenheim—7 splen- / month for 14 months for the

■	j-ji	r	. j £	.. X	/ O. Henry set only and keep the

W did volumes—the cream of present-day fiction. While they / 7 volumes of E. Phillips Oppen-
f last, we will give one of these 7-volume sets FREE with / heim.-. FREE. Otherwise I will,
each set of O. Henry. When these few hundred sets are f at^voiir PYn«»h«yS’ return both setg
| gone you will be able to get Oppenheim’s thrilling tales /	e’

only at their regular price in the book stores.	/

f Name ..........................

F	Now, while you can, gret your O. Henry	f

set for only 50c a week, and the Oppen-	/ Address...........« —............

lieim stories FREE! Never again can	/

we give you such a chance. Don’t miss	/ Occupation ..........................

it! Cut the coupon, and mail it TODAY! / The more sumptuous three-quarter Keratol

f binding of O. Henry costs only a few cents
f more a volume and has proved a favorite. For

The Review of Reviews Co., 30 Irving Place, New York City / twoMniing' iust adi
ADVENTURE

   “Four years ago you and I worked at the same bench. We were both dis-
contented. Remember the noon we saw the International Correspondence
Schools’ advertisement? That woke me up. I realized that to get ahead I
needed special training, and I decided to let the I. C. S. help me. When I

marked the coupon I asked you to sign----- — TEAR OUT HER* —- — — — — ——

with me. You said, ‘Aw, forget it r

“I made the most of my opportunity
and have been climbing ever since. You
had the same chance I had, but you
turned it down. No, Jim, you can’t ex-
pect more money until you’ve trained
yourself to handle bigger work.”

 International Correspondent oe Schools
     BOX 2027-C	SCRANTON, PA.

  Without cost or obligation please explain how I can qualify for
  the position, or in the subject before which I have marked an X

  In the list, below:

There are lots of “Jims” in the world—in
stores, factories, offices, everywhere. Are you one
of them? Wake up! Every time you see an
I. C. S. coupon your chance is staring you in the
face. Don’t turn it down.

Right now over one hundred thousand men
are preparing themselves for bigger jobs and
better pay through I. C. S. courses.

You can join them and get in line for pro-
motion. Mark and mail the coupon, and find
out how.

 ELECTRICAL ENGINEER

  Electric Lighting & Railways
  Electric Wiring
  Telegraph Engineer
  Telephone Work
  MECHANICAL ENGINEER
  Mechanical Draftsman
  Machine Shop Practice
  Toolmaker

 Gas Engine Operating
 CIVIL ENGINEER
 Surveying and Mapping
 MINE FOREMAN or ENG'R
 STATIONARY ENGINEER
 Marine Engineer
 ARCHITECT
 Contractor and Builder
 Architectural Draftsman
 Concrete Builder
 Structural Engineer
 PLUMBING & HEATINO
 Sheet Metal Worker
 Textile Overseer or Snpt.
 CHEMIST
 Pharmacy

 BUSINESS MANAGEM'T

 SALESMANSHIP

 ADVERTISING

  Show Card & Sign Ptg.

  Railroad Positions

 ILLUSTRATING

  Cartooning

  Private Secretary

  Business Correspondent

 BOOKKEEPER

  Stenographer & Typist

  Certified Public Accountant

 TRAFFIC MANAGER

  Railway Accountant

  Commercial Law

 GOOD ENGLISH

  Common School Subject#

 CIVIL SERVICE

  Railway Mail Clerk

 AUTOMOBILES

  Mathematics

  Navigation

 AGRICULTURE

  Poultry Raising Q Spanish

 BANKING □ Teaeher

 Street
 and No..

 Occupation...

AHVFMTIIRF	Published three times a month by The Ridgway Company at Spring and Macdougal Sts..New York	Volume 34

                           City. Yearly subscription $6.00 in advance; single copy 25 cents. Entered as second-class
 April 10th, 1922 matter Oct. 1, 1910, at the post-office at New York. N. Y., under the act of March 3, 1879.	Number 1
2

ADVENTURE

 for this 25 CaL regulation blue steel

AutoraaticRevoiver

             Keep one of these brand new safety revolvers in
 your home and be fully protected against burglars,
 thieves and hold-up men. It’s a terrible fright to wake up in the
 night—hear noises down stairs or in the next room—atid realize
 your neglect has left you wholly UNPROTECTED. One of
 these revolvers will fully protect you.

Shoots Quick—7 Shots in 3 Seconds

                               Ju t. pull the trigger. Each shot
                             automatically ejects the cartridge
                             and loads ready for the next shot.

                      «.Tl!is revolver HAS DOUBLE
                   SAFETY and is practically “fool-
                   proof against accidents. Perfect
                   grip, accurate aim. Handsome blue
                   steel gun metal finish. Rifled barrel,
                   checkered grips, safety lever. Holds 7
                   cartr dges. Small, compact, fits in vest
                   pocket, lies flat and will not bulge out
                   pocket. Shoots ah standard makes of Auto
                   Cartridges. Fine for target, practice.

SEND NO MONEY

                   Order today. Just send your name and
                   address and say which automatic you want.

                                   No. 895. 32 cal. automatic
                                 military model, 10 shot,
                                 extra mag. FREE, 19
                                 shots in all. Spec al price

                           Genuine LUGER

                                No 4095. 30 cal. genuine
                              Luger. Don’t be misled by a
                              gun that looks like a Luger.
                              We are selling this wonderful
                              world famed automatic at such
                              ridiculously low prices because
                              of our ability to purchase in
                              quantities. Shoots 9 shots.
                              Has automatic magazine ejector.
                              Latest model with safety attach-
                              Regular value up

                   §60. ------- ■** -

                                    price,
                                    only.

 style

    No. 495 is 25 cal., 7
  shot. Regular price
  $22.50. Our price.....

   No. 3595. Sama
 above only 32 cal., 7
 shots. Regular price
 $25. Our price only.. .

   No. 4595. 25 cal. genuine
 Mauser. The only 25 calibre
 automatic that shoots ten shots.

 Blue steel finish. " ----

  Value $35. Our price
  only..............

   No. 5095. 32 cal. genuine
 Mauser automatic. Shoots 9
 shots. Blue steel
 finish Value $40.

 Our price only

isnoots 9

 1SJ550

  itomatic

 *12

 nt. Regular value up to
 ). Our special (ArtPA
 ce, while they last, vVm&V

          wait. "Order these bargains today ‘ ' You take no'risk.
 Write clearly your name, address and the Number of the Revolver
 you want. Send No Cash. We ship by return mail. Pay Postman
 on arrival our price, plus postage. Send for free catalogue

 L/ecuri

 and PROTECTION

  Has popular swing-out cyl-
  inder, made by expert mechan-
  ics, of extra fine steel. Nickel or blue
  finish. Pearl handles, $3.00 e\tra.

 SEND NO MONEY Order today.

,	bend name,

  address and number of revolver
  you want. No. 1070, 32 cal., $17.50.
  No. 1570, 38 cal., $19.00. Pay
  postman our price, plus postage.

Side Hand Ejector
Swing-oul Cylinder

 HOLSTER

  for any .of above
  revolvers. Genu-
  ine leather, $1.50

                             solute satisfaction
 after examination or your money back. Rush
 your order today.

PARAMOUNT TRADING CO.

34 West 28th St., New York, N. Y.

An Easy Way to

Remove Dandruff

  If you want plenty of thick, beautiful, glossy,
  silky hair, do by all means get rid of dandruff, for
  it will starve your hair and ruin it if you don’t.

  The best way to get rid of dandruff is to dissolve
  it. To do this, just apply a little Liquid Arvon at
  night before retiring; use enough to moisten the
  scalp, and rub it in gently with the finger tips.

 By morning, most, if not all, of your dandruff
 will be gone, and three or four more applica-
 tions should completely remove every sign and
 trace of it.

  You will find, too, that all itching of the scalp
  will stop, and your hair will look and feel a hun-
  dred times better. You can get Liquid Arvon at
  any drug store. A four-ounce bottle is usually
  all that is needed.

The R. JL. Watkins Co., Cleveland, Ohio

( V.

BE M ART!

We can teach you
^ DRAWING In

                    your own home
      during your
      - Our 23	spare time

        years of success-
        ful teaching prove .
        ability. 10 Courses
        Commercial and Illus-
        trative Drawing,

       Teachers Normal and
 Applied Art. Endorsed
 high art authoritieSi
 Students trained by members of

       our Faculty are filling high-sala-
 _ ried positions. Artist’s Outfit FREE to
 Enrolled Students. Write today for Art Year ••FREE YOU I

 Book.

ScHOOL"AmiED Art

 ROOM No. 10

Battle Cheek Mich.

 Representative Wanted

       One of the foremost publishing houses
       in America offers you the opportunity to
       become a full-fledged subscription repre-
       sentative—a position that will pay $20—

       $30—$50 a week, depending only upon the
       amount of time you can give.

       The work is profitable and interesting.
       Simply send us new and renewal sub-
       scriptions for Adventure, Everybody's
       Magazine, The Delineator and The De-
       signer, which can easily be obtained in
       your vicinity.

       No experience, no investment is neces-
       sary. We will teach you how to start
       and cooperate with you at all times. The
       coupon below will bring you full par-
       ticulars absolutely free.

 --------CLIP OUT—MAIL TO-DAY---------

  MANAGER, STAFF AGENCIES DIVISION
  Box 803, Butterick Bldg., New York

   Dear Sir:

   Please send me, without obligation, all particulars lOii.crning your
   practical, money-making: proposition.

Name.........................................................................-........

Street..................................................................................

City.........................................State.....................................

 Kindly mention Adventure in Writing to advertisers or: visiting your dealer.
ADVENTURE

3

WEAK, sickly, anemic misfits have no chance in the battle of life.
They can never win because they haven’t the strength, pep and
vigor to get started. Sympathy for weakness is polite contempt.
You don’t count if you are not physically fit. The strong, healthy,
vigorous man is the popular man—the man whom everybody wants
for a friend. Success is the Gift of the Strong—physical weaklings must
take what is left over and fall back with the defectives and tail-end
failures.

GET RID OF YOUR HANDICAPS

You can be healthy and successful—you can free yourself of the ail-
ments and defects that are holding you down and that sooner or later
will cause you to lose your friends and your job. You can build your-
self up—clear your befuddled brain—develop your muscles, purify and
enrich your blood, strengthen and correct every organ and function
and get a new start in life, if you will only look the facts squarely in the
face and get busy and

FIT YOURSELF FOR THE JOYS OF LIFE

Strongfortism, The Modern Science of Health Promotion, has lifted thousands of weak, ailing,
discouraged men out of the bog of hopelessness and despair and placed them on the Straight Road
to Health, Happiness, and Prosperity. Strongfortism has aided Nature in overcoming such ail-
ments as Catarrh, Constipation, Indigestion, Rupture, Nervousness, Poor Memory, etc., and the
results of neglecting the body. Strongfortism has given them renewed confidence, vitality, ambi-
tion, success; and fitted them for the responsibilities of___________________

life. It can do the same for you, irrespective of your age,
occupation or surroundings. I guarantee it.

LIONEL STRONGFORT

Dr. Sargent, of Harvard, declared
that “Strongfort is unquestionably
the finest specimen of physical
development ever seen/'

                                      FREE CONSULTATION COUPON

MY METHODS RESTORE MEN

Do not confuse the Science of Strongfortism with ordinary
gymnastic or so-called physical culture courses. My long years
of study and research have taught me scientific truths about the
healing and corrective forces of Nature that are embodied exclu-
sively in the Strongfort Principles. That is why I am able to
secure astonishing results and banish the use of drugs and dope.

Send For My FREE Book

"Promotion and Conservation of Health, Strength and Mental

Energy.” it will tell you frankly how you can make yourself over
into a vigorous specimen of Vital Manhood. It is absolutely free.
Justrheck the subjects on th«* free consultation coupon on which you
want special confidential information and send with a ten cent piece
(one dime) to help pay postage, etc.. on my book “Promotion and
oneervation of Health, Strength and Mental Energy.” It’s a man-
builder and life-saver. Send for mv free book Right Now.

LIONEL STRONGFORT

Physical and Health Specialist
Dept. 733 rounded 1895 Newark, N. J.

   Mr. Lionel Strongfort, Dept. 733, Newark, N. J.—
 Please send me your book,“PROMOTION AND CON-
 SERVATION OF HEALTH, STRENGTH AND
 MENTAL ENERGY,” for postage on which I enclose
 a 10c piece (one dime). I have marked (X) before the
 subject in which I am interested.

 . .Colds
 ..Catarrh
 . .Asthma
 . , Hay Fever
 . . Obesity
 . Headache
 . . Thinness
 . Rupture
 . . Lumbago
 . . Neuritis
 . Neuralgia
 . . Flat Chest
 . . Deformity
 (Describe)

I

I .......................

| Name.................

I Age........Occupation .

^ Street .................

I

City...................

.. .Pimples'

... Blackheads
. . . Insomnia
. . . Short Wind
. . . Flat Feet
. . . Stomach
Disorders
.. . Constipation
. . . Biliousness
. . . Torpid Liver
. . . Indigestion
. . . Nervousness
. . . Poor Memory
. . . Rheumatism

 . . Falling Hair
 . . Weak Eyes
 . . Gastritis
 . . Heart Weakness
 . . Poor Circulation
 . . 8kin Disorders
 . . Despondency
 . .Round

     Shoulders
 .. Stoop Shoulders
 . . Muscular

    Development
 . . Great Strength
 . Advanced Course

 State.

 Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.

Banish YOUR Ailments
4

ADVENTURE

Corns?

t//7)U8t

j^. say

Blue=jay

to your druggist

Stops Pain Instantly

    The simplest way to end a corn is
    Blue-jay. A touch stops the pain in-
    stantly. Then the corn loosens and
    comes out. Made in two forms—a
    colorless, clear liquid (one drop does
    it!) and in extra thin plasters. Use
    whichever form you prefer, plasters
    or the liquid—the action is the same.
    Safe, gentle. Made in a world-famed
    laboratory. Sold by all druggists.

      Free: Write Bauer & Black, Chicago, Dept. 4,
      for valuable book, - 'Correct Care of the Feet.”

tF You Can Tell it from a
—GENUINE DIAMOND Send it back

 To prove our blue-white MEXICAN DIAMOND cannot be told from a
 GENUINE DIAMOND and has same DAZZLING RAINBOW FIRE, we will
 send a selected 1 carat pern in ladies Solitaire Ring, (Cat. price $5.26) for
 Malt Price to Introduce, S2.63, or in Gents Heavy Tooth Belcher Ring (Cat.
 Price $6.60) for $3.25. Our finest 12k Gold Filled mountings. GUARAN-
 TEED 20 YEARS SEND NO MONEY. Just mail postcard or this ad.
 State Size. We will m^il at once. When ring arrives deposit $2.63 for Ladies
 ring or $3.25 for Gents with postriian. If not pleased return in 2 days for
 mon«y back less handling charges.. Write for Free catalog. Agent* Wanted.

 MEXICAN DIAMOND IMPORTING CO., Dept. A E. Las Cruces, N. Mex.

 (Exclusive controllers Mexican Diamonds')

Ancient Arms and Armor, Etc.,Bought,

sold and exchanged. Always a large stock on hand.

Write for particulars.

SUMNER HEALEY,	785 Madison Ave., New York

Mail It
To-day!

   MANAGER, STAFF AGENCIES DIVISION
   801 Butterick Bldg., New York

   Dear Sir:

      Please send me, without obligation, full particulars about
   this splendid opportunity to earn money. I have some spare
   time to sell.

   Name.
   Street.

It may be worth
$500.00 to you

  Suppose you are offered a job with
good pay, a real future, and pleasant, in-
teresting work.

  Suppose this job keeps you healthy
and happy, outdoors in the fresh air and
sunlight.

  Suppose you can earn all the money
you want, work as many hours a day as
you like, and take off as many days as you
please, with no one to order you around.

  Suppose you need no experience and
no capital, and yet will be helped to build
up for yourself a business of your own,
permanent and growing, paying you a
regular income.

  Isn’t that the kind of a job you want?

  Well, take your pencil, cross out every
“suppose” in this ad. There is no supposition
about what remains. It is a fact.

  I am actually offering you this job right now!

  I can prove to you that on this very job many
other men and women, situated just like your-
self, are earning $5 0.00—$100.00—$200.00 a year
for spare time, and $2,000 to $5,000 for full time
I can give you their names and addresses, and
even show you their pictures. It is really true

  To get started, all they did was to sign a
coupon like the one above, and send it in to us
promptly. You do the same, and before the end
of another month you will be looking back on
the day you read this ad as one of the luckiest
days in your life, because very soon you will be
earning from $100.00 to $5,000.00 a year, accord-
ing to the time and effort you can give to the
work.

  Sign the above coupon and mail it now.

 Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
ADVENTURE

How To Do Things Successfully

The first requisite for success, the one thing above all else which is	--

 necessary for success, is to have the faith, belief and confidence in
 your ability to succeed.

 You may have every other requirement necessary—education, experience,
 special training, but unless you have this faith, belief and confidence
 in your ability to succeed, you will fail. Nothing else is possible
 under the universal law you use.

 This faith, belief and confidence may be something you have known
 and realized, or you may not even have suspected its presence, but it
 must be there or success will not come to you. You know this is true.

 You may have thought, at times, success was only bestowed by some
 blind Goddess of Luck who either forgot or overlooked you, but deep
 down in your heart and soul you knew better.

 You know whenever this faith, belief and confidence possessed your
 soul you always succeeded; and whenever it did not, you always
 failed, either wholly or partially.

 Many persons start a thing in the belief it (the thing, not themselves) will
 succeed and carry them on to success with it, but they usually find so
 many “impossibles” in their pathway that they get “cold feet” and quit.

 You know this is true, for everyone has had similar experiences of
 some kind.

 The real solution of “How to do things successfully,” lies in learning

how to create this consciousness, this feeling, of faith, belief and con-	-

 fidence in your ability to win success, and

 Create it so strong, powerful and lasting that, no matter what “impossibles” you may encounter, you will hold
 your faith, belief and confidence in your ability'to master them and so win your success in everything you desire.

 The creating of such a consciousness, feeling and faith, based on reason, logic, equity, justice and harmony—not
 the blind faith of the ignorant and undeveloped soul, but the faith which is based on an intelligent knowledge of
 and practical experience in the use of universal laws—is one of the things taught by the Sears Philosophy, founded
 by that Master Psychologist and world’s greatest Psycho-Analyst and Psycho-Synthesis Expert, Dr. F. W. Sears.

 That this can and it being done daily is testified to and evidenced by the thousands of Sears Philosophy students all over the world.

 The Sears Philosophy Messenger contains full particulars as what to do in order to create such a consciousness, feeling and faith.
 Trice 35c postpaid. Sample copy, with testimonials, mailed anywhere in the world for 10 cents, U. S. silver.

CENTRE PUBLISHING CO., 108 and 110 W. 34th St., Suite 096, NEW YORK

Deafness

Perfect hearing is now being restored
in every condition of deafness or defec-
tive hearing from causes such as Ca-
tarrhal Deafness, Relaxed or Sunken
Drums, Thickened Drums, Roaring! and
Hissing Sounds, Perforated, Wholly or
Partially Destroyed Drums, Discharge
from Ears, etc.

  Wilson Common-Sense Ear Drums

44Little Wireless Phones for the Ears” require no medicine
but effectively replace what is lacking or defective in the
natural ear drums They are simple devices, which the
wearer easily fits into the ears where they are invisible.
Soft, safe and comfortable.

    Write today for our 168-page FREE book on DEAFNESS,
giving you full particulars and testimonials.

       WILSON EAR DRUM CO., Incorporated
424 Inter-Southern Bldg	LOUISVILLE, KY

WRITE THE WORDS FOR A SONG

We revise poems, write music and guarantee to secure publica-
tion. Submit poems on any subject. BROADWAY STUDIOS,
268 Fitzgerald Building, Broadway at 43d Street, New York.

Does The Socket Chafe Your Stump ?

If so, you are N OT wearing

Buchstein’s Vulcanized

 ouiu uu

 people. Send
 K. Buchstein Co., 113 6th St, S. Minneapolis, Minn.

 which is soothing to
 cool,
 neat, light,
 walls not
 thicker
 than a silver
 dollar, strong.

YOU CAN PLAY THE HAWAIIAN GUITAR

JUST LIKE THE HAWAII ANSI

Because Our Native Hawaiian Instructors Will Help You

Our method of teaching is so simple,
plain and easy that you begin on a
piece with your first lesson. In half
an hour you can play it! We have
reduced the necessary motions you
learn to only four -and you acquire
these Jn a few minutes. Then it is
only a matter of practice to acquire
the weird, fascinating tremolos, stac-
catos, slurs and other effects that
make this instrument so delightful
The Hawaiian Guitar plays any
kind of music, both the mel-
ody and the accompaniment.

Cprp Our complete
1 IvLL course of 52 les-
sons includes FREE a beau-
tiful Hawaiian Guitar, all
the necessary picks and
steel bar and 52 pieces of
Music. Special arrange-
ment for lessons if you have your own Guitar.

Just TEAR OUT and mail today

|	First Hawaiian Conservatory of Music, Inc* ■

|	233 Broadway (Woolworth Building) NEW YORK

■	Please send me full information about your 52 easy lessons *

J	and FREE GUITAR OFFER.

-	Name .	*

| Address........................................................................

^ Town.......................................... State...................(A. 4) I

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
ADVENTURE

Grasp This Great Opportunity

   To Establish a Permanent
   Profitable Business

      —by monopolizing all the magazine-purchasing homes
      in your community. Establish a well-paying, indepen-
      dent business of your own. Enter a dignified calling,
      conferring as much prestige as law, medicine, or the
      ministry. No capital is needed to enter this remunera-
      tive, unworked field. All necessary instructions,
      supplies, etc., are furnished by us—free. Read the
      remarkable offer below.

You have the chance to establish a perma-
nent, profitable business of your own.

ADVENTURE, EVERYBODY'S MAGA-
ZINE, THE DELINEATOR and THE
DESIGNER make it possible for you to
prepare adequately for your future, by mo-
nopolizing the great subscription purchases
which are being made yearly in your territory.

Among other things, our plan makes it
possible for you to monopolize the sub-
scription business of your community.

Lack of "space makes it impossible to say
more here than barely to suggest the method
we would like to explain to you in detail.
Write to-day for full particulars of this remark-
able plan for establishing either a profitable,
dignified business, or a dependable, spare-
time “side line.”

Old age, statistics show, finds
not one person in 1000 worth
$1000 at the time of his death;
not five persons in 5000 worth
$5000 at death; not ten persons
in 10,000 worth $10,000, etc. Sta-
tistics, furthermore, show that 70
per cent, of all persons who live
to the age of sixty have no tangible
support of their own.

Employing the plan we propose,
one of our representatives, Dr.Carl
Scharf, of Georgia, although blind,
makes $5000 a year; another
of our agents, Alexander Heath,
of Massachusetts, receives a yearly
income of more than $3000; and
these are but a few examples from
the hundreds now making an excel-
lent livelihood by this special plan.

Mail the coupon below—now—
before some one else secures your
territory ahead of you.

* * CUP OUT—MAIL TO-DA Y

MANAGER, STAFF AGENCIES DIVISION
    Box 802, Butterick Building, New York City

Dear Sir:

Please send me, without obligation, all necessary particulars concerning your practical money-making plan.

NAME .

STREET...........................................................

CITY........................................................STATE.

JCindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
ADVENTURE

7

Agents and Help Wanted

Bia Money and Fast Sales. Every owner buys Gold Initials
for his auto. You charge $1.50; mane SI.35. Ten orders daily
easy. Write for particulars and free samples. American Mono-
gram Co., Dept. 85, East Orange, N. J.

Large Shirt Manufacturer wants Agents to sell complete line of
shirts direct to wearer. Exclusive patterns. Big values. 1-ree
Samples. Madison Mills, 503 Broadway, New \ork._

Men Wanted to make Secret Investigations and reports. Expe-
rience unnecessary. Write J. Ganor, Former Gov t Detective,
142 St. Louis.	___

Make $25 to $50 Week representing Clows’ Famous Philadelphia
Hosiery, direct from mill—for men, women, children. Every pair
guaranteed. Prices that win. Free book ‘‘How to Start tells the
story. Cieorge Clows Company, Desk 10, Philadelphia, Pa.

Agents Wanted. $314 Monthly selling patented vestpocket
windshield cleaner; Ferins made this. One rub keeps glass clear
24 hours; chemical-felt, enameled mountings: sells $1. Security
Mfg. Co., Dept. 358, Toledo, Ohio.

Earn Big Money Fast applying Lithogram Initials to automobile
doors. Every owner buys. $1.35 Profit on each sale. Full partic-
ulars mailed. Lithogram Co., 20-S, East Orange, N. J.

Be a Railway Traffic Inspector! $110 to $250 monthly, expenses
paid after 3 months’ spare-time study. Splendid opportunities.
Position guaranteed or money refunded. Write for Free Booklet,
CM-93. Stand. Business Training Inst., Buffalo, N. Y.

Those Out of Employment or wishing to increase present
income, communicate with Chautauqua Commercial Agency,
Jamestown, N. Y.__-_

Live Agents make $10 Day selling Eureka Strainer and Splash
Preventer for every water faucet. Takes on sight. Widely adver-
tised and known. Get details today. A. A. Seed Fi ter Company,
73 Franklin St., New York.

Agents Wanted to advertise our goods and distribute Free Sa.mples
to consumer. 90c per hour. Write for full particulars. American
Products Co., 59'H American Bldg. Cincinnati, Ohio

Songs, Poems, etc.

Write the Words for a Song. We write music and guarantee to
secure publication. Submit poems on any subject. Broadway
Studios, 270 Fitzgerald Bldg., New York.

Write the Words for a Song.—We will compose music, secure
copyright and print. Submit poems on any subject. Seton
Music Co., 920 S. Michigan Ave., Room 352, Chicago, 111.

Stories, Photoplays, etc.

Ambitious Writers of photoplays, short stories, songs, poems,
newspaper articles. Send today for FREE helpful booklet
••Successful Writing,” Writer's Digest, S 617 Butler Building
Cincinnati.

Wanted—Men and Women ambitious to make money writing
Stories and Photoplays. Send for wonderful Free Book that tells
how. Just address Author’s Press, Dept. 115, Auburn, N. Y

Automobiles, etc*

Automobile Owners, Garagemen, Mechanics, Repairmen. Send
for free copy of our current issue. It contains helpful, instructive
Information on overhauling, ignition troubles, wiring, carburetors,
storage batteries, etc. Over. 120 pages, illustrated. Send for free
copy to-day. Automobile Digest, 518 Butler Bldg., Cincinnati.

Photo Finishing

t?p,drli^roy/eos’ DaSuerreotypes or Faded Pictures of loved ones can
KpS/J as produce beautiful enlargements and perfect
i ^ r our new Process. Individual pictures may also be
produced out of groups. Satisfactory resuits guaranteed. Prompt
work. Roanoke Photo Finishing Co., Roanoke Va.

“You have the talents of
a bloodhound-“find him!”

\Y7ITH that sentence she set her son upon the trail
of the man she had sworn to love! Like a hound
he trails his father—the father whom he had never
seen—the husband who turned snarling bloodhounds
loose upon his bride—across seas, into mining camps
while you follow with breathless interest to as odd
a climax as ever ended a mystery tale. Who wrote
this amazing medley of suspense and fun? Who else
could have written it but that most amazing author,
Mark Twain himself.

As far back as you can remember you have heard of
Mark Twain as a story-teller. You have read many
of his imperishable works. But did you know that
this great story-teller had written his conception of
how a story should be told? This he has done, and
you may have it FREE.

Merely clip the coupon and we shall send you the free
booklet which contains Mark Twain’s delightful and
instructive essay, “How to Tell a Story.” The booklet
also contains a complete reprint of one of the funniest
stories the great humorist ever wrote. We have in-
cluded in this same little book interesting and valuable
information about the Author’s National Edition of
the works of

MARK TWAIN

This is the only complete edition of Mark Twain’s
writings. Here you join “Huck” Finn and Tom Sawyer
in their boyish pranks—you live the quaint life of
steamboat days and the Far West—you see foreign
lands and people through the eye of the master humor-
ist—you thrill to every wholesome human emotion.
Mark Twain’s versatile mind gave to the world a perfectly bal-
anced library of humbr, adventure, philosophy, and inspiration.
You should at least know something about this famous author’s
works. The free booklet tells. Send for it to-day.

Send for this Free
Booklet in which
Mark Twain tells
how to tell a story

P~ COLLIER & SOrTCOMPANY	mta

416 West Thirteenth Street, New York, N. Y.

Send me, free and without obligation, “How to Tell a Story” by Mark Twain.

AA 4-10-22

Name...........................................

Address.........................................

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
8

ADVENTURE

 Simple Rules oP
 Drawing

 Become An Artist

        If you have ever wanted to become an artist here is the opportunity that you have
     been waiting for! We have brought the principles of drawing right down to
     fundamentals. Through our wonderfully simple home study course in art hun-
     dreds of men and women have become high salaried artists. And so can you!
     A few hours a week of study is all that is required.

Wonderful New Method

  This amazingly simple method makes it
possible for anyone to learn Illustrating, De-
signing or Cartooning. All superfluous tech-
nique and dry theory is omitted. You enjoy
studying—it’s actually fascinating! In a few
weeks you should be drawing pictures that
you can sell—pictures that you never before
thought could come from your pencil. You
will be astounded at your own rapid prog-
ress! Many of our students have gotten as
high as $75 for a single drawing even before
they finished the course. Get into this field
of big opportunities! No profession is more
fascinating or better paying.

Hundreds of Trained
Artists Needed

  Never before have artists been in such big
demand as they are right now—today. Maga-
zines and newspapers cannot get enough of
good cartoons. Designers are at a premium.
Business concerns are actually bidding against
each other for the service of men and women
to handle their art work. Everywhere there is
a crying scarcity of trained artists. There are
hundreds of vacancies in all parts of the coun-
try. Follow the footsteps of our successful
graduates and students. Many of them are
now making from $75 to $250 a week. You
can do as well! A little study in your leisure
moments each day is all that is necessary.

 “How to Become an
 Artist”—FREE!

   Write for this wonderfully interesting book
 at once! It explains in detail our wonder-
 ful new method of teaching, and contains
 many interesting stories of our students, tell-
 ing of their remarkable progress. Shows
 how you can quickly step into one of the
 big-paying artist’s positions now open. Gives
 you full particulars of our SPECIAL ARTIST’S
 OUTFIT OFFER to a limited number of new
 students. Our amazing book is yours absolutely
 FREE! Send for it NOW—before you do
 another thing!

The Washington School of Art, Inc.

 Room 1779, Marden Bldg., Washington, D. C.
 ■IIIEIIIHEIIIIIIIIIIBII

 FREE COUPON
 Washington School of Art, Inc.

Room 1779, Marden Bldg., Washington, D. C.

   Please send me without cost or obligation
   on my part, your free book, “How to Be-
   come an Artist,** also full information about
   your special offer. •

  Name

    Street

State whether Mr., Mrs. or Miss.

 City

State

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
        Published Three Times a Month by The Ridgway Company

  I. H. GANNON, President	C. H. HOLMES, Secretary and Treasure*

                    Spring: and Macdougal Streets - - New York City
                    6, Henrietta St., Covent Garden, London, W. C., England

   Entered as Second-Class Matter, October 1, 1910, at the	.DTmrD cttt t ivawt umnruiv

    Post-Offlc« at New York, N. Y„ under the Act of March 3. 1879	ARTHUR SULLIVANT HOFFMAN, Editor

   Yearly Subscription, $6.00 in advance	Single Copy, Twenty-Five Cents

                                  Foreign postage, $3.06 additional. Canadian postage, 90 cents.

               Trade-Mark Registered; Copyright, 1922, by The Ridgway Company in the United States and Great Britain.

     The editor assumes no risk for manuscripts and illustrations submitted to this magazine, but he will use all due care while

                                                       (hey are in his hands.

Contents for April 10th, 1922, Issue

         Brethren of the Beach A Complete Novelette .... H. D. Couzens            3 
South Sea---a fight for pearls.                                                     
                                   Afoot Poem .......... Allen Lee Haaie         51 
The Ship Remembers .......                               Frank H. Shaw           52 
Deep water---why “she wouldn’t steer and wouldn’t stay.”                            
John Jock Todd..... ...                                  Robert Simpson          61 
Africa---Scotch fighting blood.                                                     
Desert Men..........                                     Walter R. Marsden       74 
The Bad Lands---when the water-hole went dry.                                       
Old Smooth Bores.........                                Farnham Bishop          76 
A spiggoty country---Civil War die-hard?.                                           
A Teton Fable A Bit of the Old West.....                 Frank H. Huston         90 
A Son of Strife A Three-Part Story Part II ...           Arthur D. Howden Smith  92 
Palestine---Assassins as allies.                                                    
Goo Lash..........                                       Ben F. Baker           136 
Alaska---a stew in camp.                                                            
                                (Continued on next page)                          1 

(Continued from preceding page)

The Hungry World........F. St. Mars	147

      Europe—wild forest life.

Joe Monkeyface.........Captain Dingle	151

      Around the Cape—the butt of the crew.

Reverse Irish................Frederick J. Jackson	160

      Southwest—bandits and a posse.

The Camp-Fire A free-to-all meeting-place for readers, writers and adventurers ..... 175

Various Practical Services Free to Any Reader.........182

Ask Adventure...............i&3

Weapons, Past and Present....................... 184

Old Songs That Men Have Sung............185

Fishing in North America.................185

Mountains and Mountaineering	.........185

Lost Trails , . . ..............i9i

The Trail Ahead.......................192

Headings .	..........T. S. Tonsey

Cover Design	Anton Otto Fiscker

         THE gold-rush to the Black Hills in 1876 when men, harassed
         and shot at by unseen Indians, found fortunes in every
         stream and valley and lost them again at the gambling-tables.
         “PAY GRAVEL,” a four-part story by Hugh Pendexter, begins in
         the next issue.

         /IMGRIM, major in the British army and American citizen, con-
         tinues his campaign to reduce the bandits on the flank of Palestine.
         There’s many a clash of brains and subdety in “THE WOMAN
         AYISHA,” a novel by Talbot Mundy, complete in the next issue.

Other stories in the next issue are forecast on the last page of this one.

Don’t forget the dates of issue for Adventure—the
10th, 20th and 30th of each month

   ___

2
April IO&

 n igzz
 Voimn

 Ml

^ J3retfvreiv
of ifie3eacfv

 cA Complete,NovelattE J?yfi'D.CO(/ZEN<3

                  Author of “According to the Books " "Just Bait,” etc.

   EDITOR’S NOTE—In 1912 we published “Brethren of the Beach,” a
novelette by H. D. Couzens. Before he died, Mr. Couzens was asked by a
book publisher to enlarge this story to book size. Always a conscientious
workman, he found that to increase its length beyond a certain mark weak-
ened the story, and he could not bring himself to do that. He was making
his long, game fight against slow disease, and the money from book publica-
tion and the satisfaction of seeing his work in book form would have meant
a great deal to him. But he was too much a man and too much an artist to
prostitute his work, and he lost the chance of book publication.

   He amplified the plot and increased the length by more than half. This
much he felt he could do without loss to the story and possibly with gain.

He would not go further. Recently Mrs. Couzens asked us whether we
cared to buy the enlarged version of the story. A decade had passed since
the original novelette appeared in our pages; many of our readers have
never seen it, and the old-timers will bear out our feeling that its immense
popularity fully warrants our printing it in enlarged form.

    The cover design of this issue is that of our June, 1912, issue, in which
“Brethren of the Beach” first appeared, and illustrates a scene in the story.

All men are brothers, but some are finerjelay.—
Plato.

PROLOGUE

ONE evening, on the veranda of Lovina’s
boarding-house at Papeete, a part of
this tale was told. The band had been play-
ing, and the place was astir with the laugh-

“Brethren of the Beach” copyright ,'1922, by Virginia Couzens.

ter of young men and girls; the air heavy
with the perfume of tube-rose and gardenia.
As a little group turned in at Lovina’s a tall,
dark young Kanaka, obviously not a Ta-
hitian, with hibiscus flowers in his hair,
passed with two giggling girls, stopping an
instant gravely to salute the old trader cap-
tain.

Copyright, 1922, by The Ridgway Company in the United States and Great Britain. All rights reserved. 3
4

  Adventure

  'Captain Wiggins was a grizzled, bearded
veteran of years of buffeting by Pacific
seas—a dull, uninteresting man whose
thoughts ran in pounds and pence and who
smoked a black tobacco that it was best to
keep on your lee side. To him a fortuitous
voyage meant merely so many pounds
sterling; that was his sole interest in the
matter.

  The “wonders of the deep” and the inter-
est of the polyglot traffic of the South Seas
meant nothing to him unless they could be
reduced, by a coinage table, into sound
English money. If there were any gems in
the dross of his tedious recitals they ap-
peared by accident. As the Kanaka passed
he muttered—

  “There goes a boy who lost me a fortune!”
  “Who is he?” some one asked.

  “My second mate. He’s seen a heap of
things, Joey ’as, but ’e never talks. Queer
trait for a Kanaka. That’s why I keep ’im
with me. ’E’s loyal to the chap as done me,
but some day mebbe ’is tongue will loosen,
and then I’m thinkin’ I’ll square accounts.”
And he shook his huge, hairy fist at the
disappearing trio.

  This seemed promising, and on the ve-
randa the captain was pressed for partic-
ulars. He lighted one of his vile cheroots,
crossed one fat leg over the other—not with-
out some grunting effort—and in his usual
rambling fashion continued:

  “Yes—lost me a fortune, Joey did. All
by not tellin’ me, ’is employer, the ’ole truth.
I don’t know ’ow much; I never could find
out. Some day I’ll get at ’is weak point—•
drink mebbe, or ’e may get badly ’urt—and
then ’e’ll talk, and I’ll go after Matthews
again.

  “I ’ad the charter for workin’ a guano
island, away up north of the Line. I picked
up six Kanakas and six white bummers
who’d been ordered off the beach—that is,
five of ’em ’ad. The other was a gentleman
born—son of a viscount, ’e was—sickly sort
of chap, who forced ’imself on me, as you
may say; and what ’e wanted on a job o’
that kind beats me to this day.

  “It did for ’im in the end: I know that.
I’m bound to say, too, that this Matthews
turned out to be a very decent chap for an
American. Anyway there they all were,
twelve of ’em, white and dark. When I put
in there later, ten of ’em ’ad disappeared off
the face of the earth, leavin’ Matthews and
this Kanaka boy the sole survivors. I was

payin’ ’em all good wages, and, of course,
I was just that much in pocket; though I
should by rights ’ave been in a good deal
more.

  “Another thing: There was a chap as ’ad
tried for the charter along with me who put
in at that island to make my men trouble.
’E disappeared, together with several of ’is
crew, and the rest reported ’im murdered
when they got to Sydney. Matthews ac-
counted for it all by a story of a fight with
this man and then the small-pox, that wiped
them all out.

   “I believed it till I ’eard, a little later,
that Matthews was rich; and then I run
across this boy Joey again. ’E’s rich, too,
for a Kanaka, and keeps ’is money—
another queer thing.

  “Now, I leave it to you; isn’t it fishy?
’Ere’s a man bummin’ the beaches for years,
who quits a job at twenty pound a month
a rich man; and the Kanaka with ’im, too.
Over a dozen ’ave been polished off some-
’ow, most mysterious, and there you are!
I thought mebbe they ’ad been bleedin’
Effing’am’s people till I ’eard talk of pearls.

  “Then I ’unted up Matthews in the
States and put it to ’im, plain—wasted
a matter o’ three months, I did, at consider-
able expense. I put it to ’im as plain as
I am to you; but, of course, it was more or
less of a bluff. My story wouldn’t ’ave
’eld water. Matthews laughed in my face.
Then ’e wrote me a check for two ’undred
pounds—a thousand dollars, gold, that is—
American money; told me to march, and
consider myself a lucky man.

  “I ask you—if ’e was willin’ to give me
that much when ’e didn’t ’ave to—if the
’ole stake mustn’t ’ave been enormous?
Of course I made a good thing out of the
guano—the plantations were fair cryin’ for
fertilizer—but it was my island, wasn’t it?
If I can find out what actually ’appened—•
and in my mind it was a ’angin’ matter—
I’ll make Matthews sing to a different tune.”

  In this disconnected fashion Wiggins told
all he knew of the story. One of the listen-
ers was deeply interested, for he had known
Tom Matthews. He had, in fact, been one
of the ill-starred party on the yacht that
left her bones among the Herveys.

  But the tale was incomplete. There were
maddening gaps that the captain could not
fill, as if it were a picture puzzle of which
the key-scrolls were missing.

  The captain fancied he had a grievance
Brethren of the Beach i

5

that touched his tenderest place—his pock-
et—and his sole interest was to acquire
material for discreet blackmail. Beyond
that he could supply only meager and unim-
portant facts; and Joey, the Gilbert Island
boy, when approached later, sustained the
reputation the captain had given him for
reticence.

  There had been a fight; then men had
died swiftly of small-pox, and that was the
end of the matter. The boy shuddered with
distress as he told it. If Matthews had
chosen to give him money, that was his
business. Matthews was his “good flem”
(friend).

  That was many years ago, and as time
went on there came from various island
sources other bits which, while they added
to the bulk of information, only threw the
picture scrolls into greater confusion. Some-
thing of Effingham’s tragic life was heard in
the Orient; and something of the part played
by Frawley; but it did not explain why
Effingham had buried himself, and was
literally buried, on a guano island.

  It did not account for Matthews’ sudden
wealth, nor the disappearance of Frawley.
The story told by the survivors of Frawley’s
schooner was incomplete and baffling, and
once the official inquiry was over they had
fled in all directions.

CHAPTER I

AT LOW EBB

ON AN afternoon of tropical mid-
Summer five men sat at a saloon
table in Suva. The sun beat
mercilessly on the roof of galvan-
ized iron. All of Suva that remained in-
doors sweltered under the corrugated metal
roofs, the most absurd covering imaginable
for tropical latitudes. The shabby palms
drowsed and nodded in the heat, and solid
objects were vague and unstable of outline.

  The five men gulped gin and soda
thirstily and between drinks talked low
and earnestly, their heads together over the
table, often glancing furtively about with
unfriendly suspicion at the few loungers,
none of whom paid them the least attention
beyond a bare glance of somewhat scornful
curiosity.

  In appearance the group was seedy to
the last degree. The men had reached

  Then one day the listener came across
Tom Matthews and his wife in Honolulu and
put half a dozen questions. Because of the
bond between them these were answered by
Matthews, and lo, the picture was complete.
The key-scrolls fitted exactly into place.
It was a grim picture of greed and passion
on the most desolate of island beaches, with
a touch, here and there, of rather fine
heroism.

  Matthews eventually told the tale with
all the finer details. He laughed at Wiggins’
story.

  “Of course I provided for Joey,” said he;
“and took good care to tie his money up for
him so that he can only get at the interest
without my consent. Otherwise he would
have been rooked out of it in no time. As
for Wiggins, perhaps the old chap may not
think so, but he got more than he was en-
titled to. The shell was found before he had
the charter. If any one had a claim on the
pearls it was the British Government; but
if I had told Wiggins and offered to share
with him, he would have taken them all,
claiming liis right under the charter. The
guano alone made him a fortune, and far
too dear a price had been paid for those
pearls for them to slip into his well-lined
pockets.”

  And the listener agreed with him.

their lowest estate—the inroads of life on
the open beach being plainly visible. They
were, moreover, of the strange, incongruous
ill-assortment that can be found only in the
South Pacific.

  Chance and common misfortune had
brought them together in the first place;
yet, aside from the desire for food and
drink—especially drink—they were utterly
without congeniality.

  Welsh, the orange-haired giant, an im-
posing and formidable figure, had been a
bushranger in Australia and served time at
Port Jackson. Douchet, small, black-
bearded and shifty-eyed, was a French
anarchist, late of Noumea, the Government
prison of New Caledonia. Davison, loose-
lipped, flabby of jaw and grossly sensual,
was a remittance-man; and Cox, a quiet
rat of a man, whom Davison alternately
bullied and patronized, was of the same
invertebrate branch of the tribe of Ishmael.
The two had been cronies, in a way, for
years; but it was a friendship founded on
6

Adventure

shiftlessness and sheer dread of loneliness,
and a poor thing at best.

  These four were incompetents—incapa-
bles—typical riffraff of the beach.

  The fifth man was Tom Matthews, an
American, who still retained something of
his heritage of lithe muscles, the address
of a gentleman, and, in spite of features
seamed with dissipation and weather, a
pair of eyes clear and unwaveringly honest.
His face might have been a trifle stronger,
the eyes a little less wistful and introspec-
tive ; and that they were not, may be taken
in some degree at least, as a reason for his
presence in the company.

  They were, at the moment, drinking up
the last of Cox’s small quarterly remittance.
Beyond that they were at the end of their
resources. Severally and collectively they
had been warned that Fiji was a British
colony, smugly respectable, and that they
were a menace to law and order and the
peace of mind of the community.

  The warning rankled, and successive
drinks had brought them to the stage of
recklessness and scorn of authority that
in hopeless and broken men may become
dangerous. They were talking, somewhat
incoherently, of desperate measures; and
with Welsh and Douchet, to whom violence
and crime had been an essential part of
existence, there was more in the talk than
mere drunken boasting.

  Welsh knew of a boat that might be
stolen—a large sailing-canoe. With this
as a beginning, armed and provisioned,
they might forcibly acquire larger and bet-
ter boats, by progression, until they were
able to seize a schooner.

  Why not? Hayes had done it. So had
other men they could name.

  Then there were traders at lonely stations
in the poisonous Solomons or the New
Hebrides who could be robbed with ease
and impunity. There were ways and means
that required no more than the taking of a
sporting chance.

  Matthews listened silently and with a
growing bitterness. In his present evil
case he had found the company of these
men, all as wretched as himself, a comfort,
for man is a gregarious animal; but there
were times when his gorge rose at them
in disgust.

  He balked at theft and murder. Life
had gone hard with him of late, but he had
not yet come to that! He was still able,

he assured himself, to face the wholesome
sunrise with a fairly clean conscience,
though his self-respect was not what it had
once been.

  Four years before, while on a visit to
California, he had made one of a yachting-
party that started merrily and irrespon-
sibly from San Francisco for a cruise
through the South Seas. At Sydney he
was to take a steamer back to California
while the yacht continued around the world.
He had written the Girl back East about it,
and they were to be married when he re-
turned.

  But the yachting-party was composed of
hare-brained spirits who devoted their ener-
gies to draw-poker and strong drink. At
Honolulu their stay was only an elabora-
tion of the rioting aboard, and even the
easy morality of the beaches farther south
was shocked by the conduct of these wild
young men.

  That sort of thing is naturally bad for
discipline aboard a yacht and had its effect
on the officers and crew. The owner of the
yacht, who acted as his own sailing-master,
was the most reckless spirit aboard; and
the disorder spread even to the forecastle,
with the result that the yacht was wrecked
among the Herveys with the loss of several
lives, nearly every soul aboard being drunk
at the time.

  The survivors were eventually rescued
and went their several ways, disappearing
with something of an air of mystery—a
very much chastened party of young men.
Tom finally got to Honolulu, where he wrote
the Girl, telling what had happened and
saying that he was going home immediately
after a brief rest ashore.

  But bad news has a way of traveling
fast. Most of the young men were of rich
and important families, and certain things
had appeared in the papers about the
yachting-party and its ways at Honolulu;
and in time there came a letter from the
Girl—whose views on some subjects were
rather pronounced-—the burden of which
was that she would never marry an irrespon-
sible boy without one of the virtues of man-
hood, and a drunkard to boot. It was a
very scathing letter and effectually put an
end to Tom’s hopes; and he loved the
Girl very much.

  The worst of it was that Tom was in no
way to blame for the yacht’s disastrous
trip. He had been disgusted with the state
Brethren of the Beach

7

of affairs aboard from the first; had tried
to keep a clear head; remonstrated with his
companions; and, as is usual in such cases,
brought dislike and partial ostracism on
himself in consequence.

  In the final disaster he had shown a fine
courage that amounted to heroism, but an
explanation to the Girl that he was not
what she thought would have had the
appearance of an attempt to whitewash
himself at the expense of his companions,
two of whom had perished in the wreck;
and he was, therefore, left quite defense-
less.

  Having considerable money, Tom re-
mained in Honolulu and plunged despair-
ingly into a course of wildness that rivaled
that of the late yachting-party. This lasted
for some time. When his money was nearly
gone he sent for more, only to find that
through certain intricate speculations of
his trustees there was no more to be
had.

  He then decided that there was nothing
left for him at home, and with the remnant
of his funds took passage on a schooner
bound for the South Seas. At first he made
an effort to keep straight and do something
worth while. He took up such small em-
ployments as he could find; but a man with-
out money is as badly off among the islands
as a man without money anywhere else,
except that going to the dogs is a great deal
easier where the conventionalities are less
finely drawn and one has plenty of com-
pany. 1

  Tom worried more than was good for
him over the way the Girl had treated him,
and little by little he began to lose hold.
It is the strong, bronzed men, ruthless,
full of initiative and lacking in conscientious
scruples, who draw the few prizes among
islands. Tom was of milder stuff. The
months and years went by and found him
an idler, simply drifting, through sheer
inability to apply himself, a prey to morbid
loneliness.

  He had tried petty clerkships, had sailed
before the mast, and set up as a trader;
and in all he had failed. His natural inde-
pendence found clerking, under the British
system, only less obnoxious than the fore-
castle of rancid, beetle- and roach-infested
copra-schooners.

  As a trader he found pleasure in the rain-
bow-spanned valleys, the splendid sunsets,
the brown fishers on the reef and the ever-

changing pictures painted with the raw
pigments of the tropics; but the loneliness
was appalling, and, as he was totally lacking
in the commercial instinct, the native?
cheated him shamelessly.

  He never became reconciled to the mere-
tricious sham of island life, and it was with
him, as it is with some, an easy drift into
oblivion. But, aside from this, his subse-
quent career differed in no way from that
of many others who have been spewed up
upon the beaches,

  He found that his self-respect, which he
had always cherished as above price, was
no great asset, after all. He learned to
sponge for drinks as shamelessly as the
oldest blue-nosed bummer on the beach,
and to take pot-luck with the natives,
when nothing better served, without a
qualm.

  He was not depraved or besotted. It
was simply a matter of necessity on finding
himself, for the first time in his life, in the
need of the wherewithal to keep body and
soul together.

  He made friends where he found them,
chiefly among remittance-men or men with
shady pasts. He had nothing to look for-
ward to and nothing particularly creditable
to look back upon; but it is probable that
he retained more of the rags of his self-
respect than he knew. He was a beach-
comber, a loafer and an outcast, but not a
complacent one.

  He might have ended, as many have, a
contented lotus-eater, with a dusky female
provider; but he despised the “squaw-men”
of the beaches, fatuously content with their
families of half-caste children; as he did the
dull, simple traders, hoarding away savings
against days of ease “back home.” He
earned a dollar where he could, and, crav-
ing excitement, promptly spent it among
his chosen friends.

  Four years of this aimlessness had brought
him to the end of his tether, with the sick-
ening realization that he had thrown away
the best years of his life. To return home,
a penniless failure, with the stigma of the
wrecked yacht upon him, was not to be
thought of. The warning he and his com-
panions had received had touched the last
raw, quivering nerve of his latent pride; so
that it was with a sense of shame and
humiliation that he gulped down gin in the
saloon and listened to the atrocious plotting
of the others.
8

Adventure

CHAPTER II

CAPTAIN WIGGINS APPEARS

THE door swung open, and a man
entered, walked to the bar and stood
leaning on his elbow while he took a
general survey of the room. He was short
and pursy, with small, keen, gimlet-like
eyes, bulbous features and a long, grizzled
beard. His head sagged forward on the
short neck like that of a great turtle, and
his clothes fitted awkwardly, with innu-
merable bags and wrinkles.

  A massive chain of Australian nuggets,
with a heavy jade pendant, adorned his
white waistcoat, which was soiled with
stains and grease-spots. All present recog-
nized him as captain of the schooner Mama-
loa, then in the harbor.

  Presently he came to the table and—
including the group in a single comprehen-
sive nod—leaned clumsily over the back of
a chair and signaled the proprietor for
drinks. The five men looked at each other.

   The characters of certain ships and their
captains become in time food for common
gossip in the South Seas; and Captain Wig-
gins was notorious as the closest-fisted
“lime-juicer” on the Pacific. Notwith-
standing, he paid for the drinks with a gold
sovereign, sat down and drew up his chair
to the table. He tossed off his drink at a
swallow and glanced at each face in turn.

  “Want a job, you men?” he asked
abruptly.

  “Wot kind of a job?” growled Welsh sus-
piciously. “We ain’t no bloomin’ fo’csle
’ands, an’ none of us is ship’s orcifers.”
“From all I hear,” said Captain Wig-
gins, “you chaps aren’t in no position to
pick and choose. ’Owever, it ain’t sailor-
man’s work I’m alludin’ to. It’s on an
island. I’ll set you up, every man of you.
’is own boss, with plenty of gin and grub.
You’ll ’ave to work ’ard and fast; but it
won’t be long, and you’ll all come away with
money in your pockets at the end.”

  “What’s the lay?” asked Davison.
  “Guano!”

  Welsh spat in disgust, and Wiggins went
on hastily:

  “I must ’ave some white men I can trust;
and by all accounts you chaps, while down
on your luck, are trustworthy enough.”

   He looked around as if expecting approval
of the statement.

  “The last island I worked with a gang

of Kanakas, with one white man in charge. •
They were pretty wild boys—shore men
from Malaita, they were—and when this
white Johnny tried to order ’em around
they up and killed ’im, drank all the gin
and quit workin’ on the job. They ate
’im, too, I believe. Anyway it was all dead
loss to me; so I ain’t goin’ to ’ave that
’appen again.”

  He airily signaled for more drinks and
leaned forward on the table in a confiden-
tial attitude.

  “ ’Ere’s the point, my lads,” he con-
tinued; “this island is ’way off the beaten
track and ’as never been worked. A little
while ago Great Britain sent along a cruiser
to annex it, and they reported it a bird
island, rich in guano deposit; which is a
fact, because.I’ve verified it myself.

  “Now the Queensland plantations are
fair starvin’ for fertilizer, and none to be
’ad at any price; so I sent along an appli-
cation for a charter to work the island to
the British Minister at ’Onolulu, where the
cruiser ’ad sailed from under sealed orders.
I’ve got a few Kanakas; and I want some
white men to go, too, to ’ustle the job along.”
“Have you got the charter?” asked Mat-
thews.

  “Wait a bit! Another man’s applied for
a charter, too. ’E’s a scoundrelly chap—
name of Frawley—per’aps you’ve ’eard of
’im. There’s been a long delay over- it.
My plan is to drop you men at the island
with everything needful; go on to ’Onolulu
and get the charter and then come back
and find a cargo, quarried and sacked,
ready -to take aboard, so there’s no time
lost.”

  “In other words,” said Tom, “you aren’t
dead-certain of getting this charter, and in
case you don’t you’re taking time by the
forelock, so to speak, to cut in on this—
this Frawley, I believe you called him; and
we’re to take the chances of some gunboat
picking us off and sending us to prison.”
“Nothing of the sort!” said Captain Wig-
gins, gruffly indignant. “I tell you I’m
sure of the charter. I’m endorsed by the
Premier, ’is own blessed self. I’m an
honest man, I am, and known as such.
This man Frawley ain’t.”

   His voice rose truculently.

  “Didn’t I tell you fertilizer’s scarce?
All I want is a cargo ready to ’and when I
put in for it. W’at in Tophet are you
pickin’ about anyway? I’ve made you an
Brethren of the Beach

9

offer; if you don’t want to take it, there’s
plenty more down-and-outers I can get
who’ll be willin’ and glad of the chance.”
“Thanks, captain! No need to rub it in.
How much are we to be paid for this illegal
and reprehensible transaction?”

  I’ll pay you trader’s wages—ten pounds a
month.”

   Tom rose to his feet.

“And fertilizer so scarce, too!” said he.
“What a spendthrift you are, to be sure.
Good day, captain! Thanks for the drinks! ’ ’
Captain Wiggins’ face flushed a dark red.
“Here, what’s all this—” he began.

  “Why, we can’t agree; that’s all. To
tell the truth, I like your proposition,
myself—all but the figure. Handling stolen
guano isn’t as clean a business as ivory-nuts
and copra, and is worth a lot more money.
I can’t speak for these other gentlemen, but
I think I’d rather do business with the other
man. No doubt I can find him down at
Sydney. Frawley, you said his name was,
didn’t you?”

  “Oh, come!” said Wiggins. “Be reason-
able, and I will, too.”

  He paused a moment for reflection. He
had been at some pains to pick these men
for this purpose; and it was quite true that
the price for fertilizer was soaring, the
chemical product then being unknown. For
him the venture meant a fortune; but Wig-
gins was not the man to let go of a dollar
without due consideration.

  “I’ll pay you double,” said he at last im-
pressively; “twenty pounds a month and
‘all found’; not a shillin’ more. Take it or
leave it!”

  Tom resumed his seat and looked at the
others.

  “Well, what about it, you fellows?” he
asked.

  “I’m on, for one,” said Welsh, and the
rest nodded.

  “All right,” said Wiggins as he rose to
leave; “and now that’s settled. It’s a lot
of money to ’ave to pay out, but—you’ll
’ave to earn it; I tell you that!”

  Cox fingered the few remaining shillings
in his pocket and looked thirstily at the
empty glasses.

  “How about a small advance, captain?”
he asked.

  Wiggins took a sovereign from his pocket
and tossed it on the table.

  “That’s all the advance you’ll get,” said
he. “It won’t make you too drunk, I guess.

Be at the wharf at daylight tomorrow.

We’re sailing at eight.”

DURING the conversation a tall
man, clad in worn but immaculate
pongee, had been sitting near by,
apparently engrossed in an ancient copy of
the “Dead Bird.” When Tom had risen,
however, and mentioned the name of the
other applicant for the charter, he raised
his eyes and shot a keen glance at the
group about the table. As Wiggins started
for the door he threw aside the paper and
rose to his feet.

  “Captain, just a moment!” he called.

  He was thin to emaciation. His face
was sallow, the skin drawn into hollows
beneath his cheek-bones; yet it was at once
pleasing and compelling. His long, sensi-
tive hands were blue-veined and frail-look-
ing. At times he was shaken with a hollow
metallic cough.

  His rather tired features bore marks of
dissipation, but also the unmistakable
stamp of gentility. His nose was strongly
aquiline; his eyes steady, and so direct as to
be almost disconcerting when the tired,
drooping eyelids were lifted. Around his
lips there hovered perpetually the shadow
of a mildly cynical, half-mocking smile.

  As men grow to recognize and appraise
each other in an island community, Mat-
thews recognized this man as one of unques-
tioned standing in the colony. He had the
entree to the Government House and the
Fiji Club and seemed to be well known to
men of affairs, though he appeared to have
no active business of his own. Tom had
often seen him about the water-front, always
idle, alone and silent.

  Wiggins wheeled about.

  “Ah, good afternoon, sir,” said he; “good
afternoon, Mr. Effing’am!”

  “Captain, without meaning to be an
eavesdropper, I couldn’t help overhearing
a part of your talk with these gentlemen.
I’m interested. Would you mind letting
me in on it?”

 “Letting you in on it? Why—er—I
don’t quite understand. The matter’s not
important—at least not to you, sir.”

  Wiggins looked uncomfortable and flus-
tered, as if he had been caught in some
covert act.

  “Come, come, captain! It’s about a
charter to work a guano island or something,
isn’t it? You needn’t be shy with me.
IO

Adventure

Have you enough men, or would you like
another to join die party?”

  “Why, I’d be glad of one more, Mr.
Effing’am, if you can tell me where to get
him. A white man, that is.”

  “I was thinking of a white man,” said
Effingham with a smile. “In fact, I’m the
man myself.”

  “You! Oh, no, Mr. Effing’am-”

  “Why not?”

  “Well, you see, sir, it—it isn’t nice work.
This isn’t a picnic or a ’oliday cruise.
Mebbe you didn’t ’ear me very well; but
it’s quarryin’ guano, sortin’ it by grades
and packin’ it for shipment. It’s all right
for these men as are ’ard up and need the
money, but not for you, sir. It would never
do at all.”

  At Effingham’s steady smile the captain
grew suddenly suspicious.

  “And why should you want to go off and
work on a guano island, may I ask?”
Effingham daughed.

  “For the same reason these gentlemen
do, I guess. I’m all in—stony broke.
Furthermore, I haven’t any conscience
against making a dishonest dollar in this
scheme of yours, and I’ll take it as a favor
if you’ll give me the chance, captain.”
Wiggins shook his head, and the look of
suspicion deepened in his crafty eyes.

  “No, sir; it won’t do. I won’t consider
it. Remember, you men; daylight tomor-
row!”

  He turned on his heel.

  “Better listen a moment, captain,” said
Effingham quietly enough.

  The captain paused, his hand on the door.
“We’ll put it this way: Besides being
broke I have reasons for wanting to leave
Fiji for a time—my health, for instance.
Another thing; there was a little matter
of smuggled opium a year ago; and another
of native women taken forcibly aboard a
schooner. You know what I mean, I guess.
If the truth were told to the Colonial Sec-
retary it might make some stir.

  “Now I’m dead in earnest about this,
captain. I want to go with you and no
hocus-pocus about it. Make the terms
anything you like.”

  Captain Wiggins writhed uncomfortably.
Effingham’s eyes were on him, and the
fugitive smile played around his lips. He
seemed to have no doubt of the issue.

  “Well,” said Wiggins at last; “if you’re
so set on it, and you’re broke, as you say, I

won’t deny you the chance. I’ll give you
ten pounds a month—no more. Come
aboard at daylight with the others.”

  With an air of relief he vanished through
the door.

  -The thin man drew a chair to the table.
“It seems that Fate, or Chance, or what-
ever you choose to call it, has thrown us
together, gentlemen,” said he. “Perhaps
it is the tutelary god of the beach-combers.
Who knows what opportunities may come
on that guano island? The most unpromis-
ing prospect may mean a change of luck,
and we all seem to need that. Let’s drink
to our better fortune!”

  He beckoned to the barman, who brought
a bottle and glasses. Effingham threw
down a gold-piece.

  “Just pay yourself for the whole bottle,”
said he. “We’re going to need all of it and
more; and bring a dozen bottles of soda.”
Tom raised his glass. The undercurrent
of raillery in Effingham’s speech rather
attracted him than otherwise.

  “I guess we all stand in need of a change
of luck, as you say,” said he. “I can’t
see it coming through looting guano beds,
but here’s hoping that it comes and each
one gets what he most desires.”

  “I’d like to amend that,” said Effingham.
“Here’s hoping that each gets what he
deserves!”

  And to this strange toast they all drank.

CHAPTER III

THE VOYAGE OF THE MAMALOA

 AS TOM MATTHEWS took his way to
^ the wharf next morning, he had a con-
fused and hazy recollection of blurred
lights, much gin, shocking stories and confi-
dences; Welsh’s red face and bellowing
laughter; of many songs and maudlin toasts
as if they were setting forth on some pleas-
ant excursion, instead of the last forlorn
hope of broken and desperate men.

  Through it all he recalled the face of
Effingham, calm, impersonal, polite, yet
always with that quiet light of mockery
in the eyes. It irritated him, and in a vague,
irrational way he sullenly resented it. What
right had this sickly stranger, admittedly
broken like himself, to touch him on the
raw with his quiet, self-possessed, half-
ironical contempt? Tom wondered how
much of a fool he had made of himself.
Brethren of the Beach

ii

  Effingham had been courteous and friend-
ly. When he spoke it was interesting and to
the point; and he had provided drinks with
a liberality that belied his claim of being
“stony broke.” The liquor had apparently
affected him not at all. In the mephitic
atmosphere of Davison’s salacious stories,
the Gallic wickedness of Douchet’s tales,
the inanities of Cox, and the raw brutality
of the primitive Welsh he had sat unruffled
and quietly urged them on to further flights.

  The man seemed far gone with tubercu-
losis and coughed a good deal; but he had
kept the drinks steadily on the move, and
he it was who had inspired the air of celebra-
tion on the eve of their departure for the
cheerless guano island.

  Effingham was already at the wharf when
Matthews arrived, and one by one the
others straggled down, a sour, morose
gathering, red-eyed and tremulous, re-
sponding surlily to Effingham’s cheerful—
“Good morning!”

  With the exception of Effingham, who
had a chest, a small bag or two and a cam-
era-case, none of them had more than a
handful of personal effects.

  They were aboard in good time, and at
the appointed hour the Mamaloa was under
way for her long, monotonous voyage to the
island, nearly three thousand miles away.
She was old and sluggish, seasoned with all
the odors of island traffic. She reeked of
guano and the strong, rancid smell of copra
and was alive with roaches and beetles.

  Captain Wiggins, a taciturn old martinet
on deep water, carried himself with an
attempt at aloofness toward his passengers
and unbent only so far as to squablbe over
the interminable cribbage games. It was
an absurd attitude in so undignified a figure
as the captain, and Effingham took quiet
delight in slyly baiting him.

  “Captain,” he would say when Wiggins,
after losing a few games, would sputter
about the “dumb luck” of his opponent,
“what you call ‘luck’ is really the science
of the game. It is too deep for you, en-
tirely. You’ll never understand it.”

  “Why, ’ang it!” Wiggins would reply. “I
played the bally game before you were born! ’ ’
“I believe you,” Effingham would retort
quietly. “That is the sad part of it. Most
sea-captains think they can play cribbage.
But they never can. Now, to show you
what I mean, let us play a rubber of three
games in five. You wifi win the two first

and I will take the third, fourth and fifth.
The stakes will be ten shillings, to be debited
against my wages, against six bottles of that
beer you keep in your room under lock and
key.”

  The result would leave the captain in
a speechless rage, bordering on imbecility;
for it was always as Effingham predicted,
until, the supply of beer running low, the
captain flatly refused to play further against
so gifted an adversary.

  For Matthews, had he possessed an even
temperament, the voyage would have held
a fascination that increased from day to
day. The charm of the deep blue Pacific
fell upon him. The teeming life of the sea;
the wild, soaring birds; the far-off purple
mist of a high island, or the clustered palms
and booming surf of the atolls cast over him
the inevitable spell that comes to the imagi-
native adventurer among the islands, and
he would gather optimism from the broad
horizons and nightly hosts of low-hanging
stars.

  But this mood would vary with one of •
extreme depression. The voyage would
soon be over and leave him at the end delv-
ing for his daily bread in the uncleanness of
a guano island!

  Effingham spent his time taking sun-
baths, smoking innumerable cigarets, and
occasionally taking photographs which he
developed in the galley by a light of red
tissue paper, amid the protests of the Chi-
nese cook, who objected to his reckless use
of fresh water.

  He sat one day on the cabin house, tink-
ering with his camera; and Tom, with one
of his black moods uppermost, flung himsfelf
down beside him. Effingham was deftly
pasting down a leather edge that had
worked loose.

  “Hard lines, isn’t it,” said he without
looking up, “to have to admit to yourself
that you’ve got down to guano-digging?
Eh?”

  “Why, yes,” said Tom, surprized, “it’s
damnable to have to admit it. It makes
a man thoroughly sick of himself.”

  “The trouble is, you have an enlarged
ego,” said Effingham. “You take the
whole shooting-match as something personal
and malignant. Give a man lack of initi-
ative, too much gin and an erratic liver,
and he’ll nourish a grouch against the whole
universe. He has himself on his mind and
takes it all as a private grievance.
12

Adventure

  “Now you take our friend there—” he
indicated Welsh, who lay on his back snor-
ing in tremendous basso-profundo— “I
don’t suppose Reddy has a single worry in
that luminous thing he calls a head—be-
yond the next meal or the next drink.”

  Tom looked at the slumbering - giant,
whose lips had fallen apart in an animal
droop that exposed the tusk-like, yellow
teeth.

  “All the same,” said he with a slight
shudder, “I’d hate to be like that.”

  “That’s where you are wrong, my son,”
said Effingham gravely. “People like
Reddy are to be envied. It’s the poor,

thin-skinned-with sensitive souls that

get all the - there is out of this life.

Let’s go below and shake up a cocktail!”
There was something in Effingham’s talk
that Tom likened to a dose of strong, bitter
tonic. It was usually unpalatable, but he
felt better for it in the end. The frail,
hawk-nosed young Englishman had an in-
sight into his moods that was positively
uncanny. At first Tom had hoped rather
wistfully that it was sympathetic; but it
was only rarely, in a brief sentence or two,
that Effingham unbent from his air of in-
difference toward all things in general.

  Tom found him hopeless as a confidant,
but there were times when a few words from
Effingham, drawled out in his lazy fashion,
put a needed stiffening in his spine.

jjfWjM THEY had been at sea a couple of
frfuin wee^s> and Effingham was sitting
one day, his back against the cabin
skylight, running idly through a pile of old
newspapers he had unearthed in the cap-
tain’s room, when he tossed one over to
Tom, who sat close by.

  “Right-hand column, near the bottom,
over the whisky ad.,” said he. “Something
that ought to interest you, Matthews.”
Tom looked at the place indicated and
found the following notice:

$1G0...............reward...............$100

  Information wanted as to the whereabouts of
Thomas Matthews, late of the schooner yacht
Hyperion. Last heard of in Honolulu, in Novem-
ber, 18—. The above reward, in gold, will be paid
for definite information. P. O. Box 1366x, San
Francisco, Cal.

  “Of course,” said Effingham lazily, light-
ing a cigaret, “there are lots and lots of Tom
Matthewses. Still it’s a queer coincidence,
finding that aboard here. The man wanted

is evidently not an embezzler or a murderer;
the reward isn’t large enough. Perhaps he’s
been left a fortune by somebody. What’s
your opinion, Tommie?”

  Tom crumpled up the paper and threw it
overboard.

 “How the - should I know? No-
body’s leaving me a fortune, I’ll warrant
that. As you say, there are plenty of people
with the same name,” and he walked away,
leaving Effingham smiling, and spent an
unprofitable and uncomfortable half-hour
leaning on the rail, wondering whether there
was more unsavory aftermath to the cruise
of the luckless Hyperion.

  Time passed uneventfully enough on the
Mamaloa. They played cards, drowsed in
the heat or told yarns as they sprawled on
the deck of evenings. Tom had heard many
rough stories, but some of these were a reve-
lation of the heterogeneous villainy of the
South Seas, told, as they were, by men who
had played all the parts without shame and
boasted of it.

  Douchet and Welsh were frankly crimi-
nals. The proudest boast of the latter was
that there had once been a reward offered
for him, dead or alive, of a thousand pounds,
for “sticking up” the paymaster of a railroad
gang.

  Even Wiggins and his half-caste mate,
spiritless men enough, took a certain pride
in vulgar reminiscences of “blackbirding,”
or recruiting native labor for the planta-
tions—the -lowest form of blackguardism
in the Pacific; and it was strange to hear old
Wiggins, who, like most mean men, prated
of his honesty and fairness, tell in his dull,
colorless voice of shooting down natives,
among them women, while others were
dragged into the boats, concluding with—

  “And so, ye see, I made six ’undred pound
clear, all told, and only three months
out!”

  Davison was a stout, baldish man of
middle age, with a baritone voice whose
mellow, bell-like sweetness had survived all
the ravages of dissipation. He had an ultra-
British manner, was insufferably talkative
and alternately sang old English ballads,
snatches of half-forgotten church music or
operas, and babbled the most shockingly
indecent stories.

  A coarser, more sodden figure could
scarcely be imagined; and yet there were
still nights when he would stand clinging to
the after shrouds and sing in a way that
Brethren of the Beach

l3

brought tears to more than one of his audi-
ence and the watch below would creep on
deck to listen. But he sang only when he
was half drunk, and, the gin taking hold,
would relapse into mere maudlin garrulity.

  Cox was thin and wiry, with a nose of
reddish purple and a perpetual, foolish smile
under one corner of his mustache that gave
him at once an air of rakishness and weak-
ness. He was an irresponsible creature,
cranky and querulous despite his foolish
smile, and yet he was the one of all the com-
pany whom Matthews pitied.

   There was no real harm in the man; his
qualities were too negative for that. He
was, rather, of the “lost dog” type; and as
he was inclined at times to be talkative Tom
learned something of his history.

  He and Davison had been “sent down”
from Cambridge in their first year. They
had been mere idlers at school, and since
boyhood Davison had held Cox by a curious
mental ascendency. It was through a
series of vicious escapades of the former’s
contriving that they were expelled from the
university. It was a sufficient disgrace; but
instead of making an effort at redemption
Davison had gone on the road with a barn-
storming opera company, followed by the
faithful Cox, whose sphere of usefulness
extended no further than the carrying of a
banner in the chorus.

  When the patience of their respective
families was exhausted they were shipped
summarily to the colonial dumping-ground
for younger sons, and, with the aid of small
allowances paid over quarterly, advised to
shift for themselves.

   The system that produces the remittance-
man is not so cruel as might be supposed.
The exile is almost invariably a scamp. He
has worked himself out of his sphere at
home by lack of application to anything
useful, but there is nothing to prevent his
making for himself a decent and honorable
career; only he must not stray from the
base of supplies or he will forfeit his remit-
tance, which takes considerable courage.

  Neither Cox or Davison were of that
stuff, however, and in the long years since
they had left home it is doubtful if they had
. done one useful or ambitious thing. They
had drawn their quarterly allowances, spent
them riotously, and between whiles drifted
into intimacy with Heaven knows what
forms of unspeakable vice. Cox, it is to be
believed, fell regretfully, clinging weakly to

the shadow of a thing called “honor,” yet
trailing along protestingly in the wake of
Davison, a sorry enough leader.

  Once they had separated; and Davison,
wrecked on a schooner in Torres Strait, re-
turned to find his remittance discontinued.
Since then they had both fared on the scant
bounty of Cox. This, however, was no
longer available; for a short time before Cox
had news of the death of his father and
a change in the estate, and he, too, could
now expect nothing more from his people.
The allowance spent for gin in Suva was his
last, and the present voyage was a matter
of blind necessity. Yet Cox, for all his
crankiness, was stoical enough about this.

  “Davie and I’ve been a couple of cads,”
said he. “It’s so easy in this bally wilder-
ness; and now we’ve jolly well got to pay
for it!”

  He confided to Tom rather shyly that he
wrote home once a year to a sympathetic
older sister, who sent him news of an old
sweetheart, long since married and the
mother of children.

  “Of course I lost her,” said Cox resigned-
ly. “I wasn’t fit to black her boots. Time
was, though, old chap, when her memory
kept me out of many a dirty scrape.”

  Tom, mindful of his own case, felt for the
spiritless creature a sort of forlorn fellowship.

  The white men lounged about the after-
deck and made themselves free with the
spirits; but the Kanakas, a good-natured,
mixed lot, no two of whom came from the
same group of islands, chummed with the
crew in the forecastle. One of them, a tall
young Gilbert Islander, whom they called
Joey—a smiling fellow, handsome as a
young Polynesian god—had attached him-
self to Effingham from the first with the
unselfish, dog-like affection so -often seen
and so rarely appreciated among the island -
people.

  The Polynesians are dependent almost
to childishness; and spontaneous attach-
ments of a brown man for a white are quite
common—too often, alas, taken base ad-
vantage of.

  Joey became unaffectedly a sort of attend-
ant on Effingham—glad to be sent on an
errand, proud to share his tobacco; and
when Effingham made and developed
a snap-shot of him in the finery of a new
turkey-red lava-lava, Joey begged from him
an oath that some day “Epihama” would
go with him to his home at Apemama.
14

Adventure

  One morning they came on deck to find
the schooner beating up toward a volcanic
island; the captain, in the fore-rigging, cast-
ing for an opening in the great combers that
roared at the edge of the reef. Little
flying-fish fled before the schooner’s bow in
shoals, and the air was full of birds. They
fought and screamed for the waste that the
cook threw over the side. They perched
upon the gaffs and cross-trees, and even
alighted fearlessly and lumbered about the
deck.

  The captain turned and shouted to the
mate at the wheel, pointing to a short pole
on an elevated point, from which streamed
the few small red tatters that remained of
a British ensign. The mate put the wheel
over, and presently they came to anchor
within a cable’s length of the shore that was
to be home, for a term of months, to a dozen
of the schooner’s company.

  They scanned it curiously, and found it
wholly unprepossessing.

  “What do they call the place?” asked
Tom of the captain.

  “Give it up,” was the reply. “It hasn’t
a name, so far as I know. You’re the origi-
nal settlers, barrin’ the birds; why not name
it yourselves? I’m layin’ that before you’re
though—” he gave a grim chuckle—“you’ll
be callin’ it seven different kinds of-!”

CHAPTER IV

SMOLDERING FIRES

THE island was an insignificant dot in
the great waste of blue Pacific lying
well to the west and north of the Marshalls.
It was between three and four miles long
and about three-quarters of a mile across at
its widest point. It was fundamentally
composed of black lava rock, the summit of
a great peak rising sheer from the ocean
floor; but, save in the abrupt, forbidding
wall of the windward coast, the rock showed
only as outcropping in the wind-swept
places, through deep deposits of guano.

  Seen from a distance at sea it appeared
blurred and shifting of outline from the
wheeling hosts of birds. Along the lee shore
for nearly its entire length ran a narrow
barrier reef, partially exposed at low tide,
which enclosed, near its center, a small har-
bor which was neither bay nor lagoon, but
a mere opening fed by fresh-water springs
where the coral would not build.

  Here the land had a pleasanter aspect.
The shore was lined with a belt of beach-
grass; there were a few score of coconut and
pandanus palms, and farther inland the
small valley was choked with hau and kou
trees; while ferns, /i-plants and creepers
grew in profusion. Here it was that they
pitched their camp.

  The Kanakas, skilled and intelligent
workers, built huts of leaves and braided
fiber that were airy and comfortable and
strong enough to weather anything short
of a hurricane. In addition to these as
shelters there were four tents, and when
these were erected they built a large, open
lanai for a common living-room. Its floor
was a strip of canvas laid on the sand; the
sides a series of poles which supported a roof
of palm-trees loosely bound together. On
the side toward the northeast was a movable
wind-break of heavy canvas, old and
stained, with many patches.

  A surf-boat, considerately left by Wig-
gins, lay high up on the beach under an
open shed which was also thatched with the
indispensable palm-leaves.

  In a week’s time they had settled down to
the dreary monotony of their work. It was
revolting enough, but it exacted only muscu-
lar effort; and work they must, day after
day, at the same offensive drudgery, for
Wiggins, the exacting, must be satisfied or
they would get no money.

  At first it was not so hard. They rose in
the morning, churlish and taciturn; but
a plunge in the cool green water of the little
bay and a meal of fresh fish and coffee
helped raise their spirits. At night they
returned, caked with grime through which
the sweat had cut weird patterns, to plunge
again into the purging water.

  Then, after the evening meal, there were
card-games, songs, stories and drinks—
always and inevitably drinks! Wiggins,
knowing his men and their requirements,
had left a prodigious quantity of trade gin.
That he eventually would make them meet
part of the expense by withholding it from
their wages they were well aware, but that
was a matter of small concern.

  Food they had in plenty. In addition to
their ship’s stores there were eggs to be had
for the gathering; fish swarmed about the
reef; coconuts were abundant; and turtles
were frequent visitors to the beach. There
was water-cress in the spring; a few wild
plaintains and yams grew in the valley, and
Brethren of the Beach

15

if they craved sweets they had only to dig
ti-root and bake it.

  They planned ways at first to make life
more tolerable, and some of the schemes
were ludicrous in the extreme. One of
Douchet’s was that some one take the boat
and two Kanakas, sail for the nearest in-
habited island and return with a boat-load
of women. As they had no chart nor com-
pass and the nearest populated island was
Pingalap, over a thousand miles away, the
proposal was received with shouts of laugh-
ter, at which the little Frenchman sulked
for days.

  One of the Kanakas had a wheezy con-
certina; another a small, antiquated Portu-
guese guitar which it was impossible to keep
in tune on account of the pegs slipping.
The repertoire of the boys was limited, but
out of these unpromising instruments
Davison, the musician of the party, man-
aged to coax some far-off semblance to
melody; and there were nights when the
wondering birds listened to as weird a ren-
dition of “Annie Laurie” or “Nellie Was
a Lady” as ever was heard.

 There were swimming-races and im-
promptu boxing and wrestling matches.
Spells of boyish humor would strike them
simultaneously, when they would roar with
laughter at the silliest trifles, their differ-
ences and faults forgotten, and for the time
they were jolly, if boisterous, comrades.
These moods, be it said, were usually in-
spired by “square-face” gin.

  •'But the change was inevitable, and grad-
ually it came. The stories had all been told
and retold. Their resources of entertain-
ment reached a limit. They took to brood-
ing apart, sullenly. Tempers flared out at
trifles, and ugly quarrels grew more and
more frequent.

  Matthews, high-strung, nervous and at
a tension from the first, felt the change more
than the others. To him the nightly car-
ousals were a mental relief from chronic
neurasthenia. His companions, with the
exception of Effingham, grew insufferable.
Before long there was no way of keeping up
even a semblance of comradeship without
“square-face” and card-games to help clear
the air of the hatefulness and the quarrels
always smoldering near the surface.

  Two months after their arrival at the
island their enforced association had an
actual pathos that bordered on tragedy.
They were like men doomed to an Arctic

Winter in the confines of a vessel. In each
man’s breast there lurked an intolerance of
his fellows. They magnified one another’s
faults and their own petty grievances, and
seldom spoke to each other during the early
hours of the day.

  If any man touched and brought forth
a note from the concertina or the whining
guitar there was an instantaneous roar of
protest from the others; and it was only
after sweating for long hours at the guano
beds, and later mellowed by successive
drinks, that they warmed into anything
approaching affability.

  At night the four incapables squabbled
incessantly over the card-games; and Tom,
in exasperation, would often have suc-
cumbed to the same weakness had it not
been for the inscrutable, smiling face of
Effingham. He could not bear further to
depreciate himself under the mocking gaze
of those eyes, alight with understanding
and appraisal.

  Effingham alone seemed apart—detached,
as it were, from all the squabbles, indifferent
to the affairs of the rest, maintaining an un-
failingly even temper and the ability, when
he chose to exercise it, of rallying them with
a word or two into a better humor.

  He drank as much as the others, but it
had little effect on him. No amount of
liquor could break down his reticence. He
kept much to himself, attended by the faith-
ful Joey; and his cough grew steadily worse.

AND then occurred one of those
queer freaks of destiny which we
weakly call Chance, which not only
cleared the surcharged atmosphere for the
time, but changed the,current of all their lives.

  Tom Matthews sat alone on the beach.
The west was aglow with the tremendous
conflagration of tropic sunset; the huge ball
of red sun surrounded by a blaze of raw
orange shading into crimson and then to the
tenderest mauve. Across this blinding dis-
play lay long strata of purple clouds, sta-
tionary, unchanging, their edges bright with
a thin line as of gold wire. The birds were
lazily winging shoreward for the night; a
school of mullet leaped and sported in the
bay, and the sea, toward the sun, was a long,
ruddy pavement from beach to horizon.

  Tom wondered just how far such pictures
were responsible for his present position.
He had always been on the point of taking
active part in the medley of island affairs;
i6

Adventure

but the accomplishment was ever a day or
two in the future, and the long, languorous
days had melted into each other in a suc-
cession of blazing sunsets. Time is of little
account where each day is like another.

  There is no reminder in the passing sea-
sons, but now there were other things to
remind him that he owed himself an
accounting. He was done with the beach
forever. If he could not pull himself to-
gether with the proceeds of his work on the
island, he could at least obliterate himself
and avoid any more intolerable situations
like the present.

  He took from his breast a small locket
that hung from his neck by a loop of sennit.
The watch-chain from which it once de-
pended had long since gone, with the watch,
to supply material wants; but he had never
parted with the locket.

  It contained a photo of a young woman,
about twenty-two; smiling, alert, in love
with life; and yet with perhaps too much of
the patrician air. There was something
uncompromising in the set of the lips and
chin. Tom remembered her unreasoning
firmness in some of their few, unimportant
differences and his own good-natured com-
pliance. If Dorothy had had one fault in
his eyes it was that of intruding principle
into small matters.

  This was the face of the girl who had
written him that letter, received at Hono-
lulu. As he sat studying it a chorus of high-
pitched voices broke out in altercation in
the distant lanai. He caught Cox’s whining
treble:

  “-it, Davie! The jack fell four hands

ago. Don’t be a rotter!”

  Then Welsh’s strident bellow:

  “Play cards/ Wot the-are ye raggin’

about!”

  Tom rose, tore the locket from its fasten-
ing and with a deep curse flung it far into
the sea.

  He stood watching it as it sped in a long,
shining arc; and long after it struck the
water he still stood, as if turned to stone.
Then he drew a long breath and walked
slowly toward the lanai.

  Once he stopped and looked back uncer-
tainly. The sun had gone and the quick
tropic night was falling. Then he turned,
and, whistling a tune, walked on briskly.
He could face the future now, unhampered
by a sentimental millstone round his neck.

  At the first gray shine of dawn he was

wading out through the shoal water to the
point where he estimated the locket had
fallen. He had found sleep impossible.
In a moment of bitterness he had blamed
an unreasonable woman for his own years
of folly and weakness, though in his heart
he knew that her memory had been his
cleanest asset and had kept him from the
commoner vileness of the beach. That he
thoroughly despised this unheroic vacilla-
tion made him none the less anxious to
recover the locket.

  He had half-unconsciously taken a bear-
ing the night before, but he had not waded
far before he came to a sharp edge of the
reef that marked the end of the shoal water.
The bottom fell in a sharp slope, and the
color of the water shaded from a clear tur-
quoise to deep green. Time and again he
dived without result.

  The bottom was dark and slimy and
seemed to be covered with masses and clus-
ters of small, round, jagged rocks, remarka-
bly uniform in size, and their edges tore the
skin of his hands and forearms till they were
raw and bleeding.

  He was forced to desist at last from sheer
exhaustion.

  Near by the Kanakas were wading
out, chattering in btche-de-mcr, with small
throwing-nets over their shoulders. Tom
called to Joey, who chanced to be nearest.
He explained to the boy what he wished as
nearly as possible, describing the locket as—

  “All same ten-dolla-piece, gold.”

  Joey, with a flash of white teeth, slid
silently into deep water and vanished. He
reappeared after an interminable time,
shook his head, grinned and again disap-
peared, repeating the performance several
times without result. Meantime Tom heard
a hail and turned to find Effingham wading
toward him.

  He had returned from a mysterious rite
which he preformed twice daily, and for
which he offered no explanation. Every
morning and evening since their arrival he
had gone to the summit of a knoll where the
whole horizon was visible, and swept the sea
for a full half-hour with a long brass tele-
scope. Tom, who had a dread of em-
barrassing questions, made a gesture of
annoyance.

  “Taking soundings, Tommie?” asked
Effingham pleasantly. “Pretty deep water
here.”

  Just then Joey’s head appeared.
Brethren of the Beach

17

  “I think no can find,” said he, blowing
like a brown porpoise. “Too much this
kind shell.”

  He had one of the flat black rocks in his
hand, and tossed it into the shallow water
of the reef.

  “All right, Joey; no matter,” said Tom,
splashing shoreward.

  “Hold on, Tommie!” said Effingham in
so strange a voice that Tom turned toward
him quickly.

  He was examining the black stone care-
fully. It had slimy weeds wrapped about
it, and as Effingham pulled them off Tom
saw that instead of a rock it was a large,
odd-looking shell-fish.

  Effingham turned to Joey.

  “You say plenty more stop below?” he
asked.

  “Plenty!” the boy replied. “Too much
stop. Thousand thousands!”

  Effingham carried the shell to the beach,
deliberately assumed his clothing and
picked up his telescope, and they proceeded
to the camp. Keola, the Hawaiian, was
cooking breakfast. Welsh stood naked, two
hundred and fifty pounds of magnificent
brawn, flexing his huge muscles. The
others, in their working-garb of dungaree
trousers, were passing the bottle for the
morning drink. Effingham tossed the rough
shell-fish on the sand in their midst.

  “Gentlemen,” said he, “it is a fine morning.
The Goddess of Fortune is with us. Observe!”

  His face was impassive as usual, but his
thin nostrils were wide and there was the
trace of a sparkle in his eye. The others
gathered round and inspected the find,
silently at first, till Douchet on a sudden
broke out in a wild cackle of laughter and
danced insanely, and Welsh with a loud
guffaw smote him gleefully on the back and
sent him sprawling.

  “What the deuce is the thing?” asked
Matthews.

  “Treasure trove,” replied Effingham.
“The thing men lie and steal and murder
for. That’s a pearl oyster, Tommie!”

CHAPTER V

HOLLOWAY EXPLAINS

A/ITSS DOROTHY GARDINER sat at
an upper window of the Fairview
Hotel in San Francisco and watched the
gray fog roll in from the Golden Gate. It

came in detached, ragged sheets, a tattered
squadron moving swiftly—silent and omin-
ous. Tamalpais and the Sausalito shore
were blotted out, and Alcatraz had become
a mere dark smudge on the murky water of
the bay.

  Dorothy shivered a little as she watched,
although the room was warm and the chill
damp of the night not yet fallen. She did
not like San Francisco. It had an unpleas-
ant effect on her spirits, which were none
too buoyant at best. Long and assiduous
devotion to an invalid maiden aunt had
given her mind too grave a cast; she took
life and its responsibilities altogether too
seriously for a splendid, robust young
woman of twenty-six. And San Francisco
fog is most depressing.

  She had been talking a while ago with
some hotel acquaintances but lately re-
turned from the islands, and the verbal
pictures they had drawn of the long, warm
beaches, the gorgeous flowering trees and
the splendid hills, orange-tinted in the glow
of sunset, had filled her with a certain
amount of enthusiasm.

  In comparison with San Francisco the
islands seemed a paradise. The pitiless fog
reacted on her spirits, and Dorothy sighed
audibly as she sat alone in the hotel, aware
that she was very forlorn and unhappy.

  A bell-boy knocked and delivered a card.
She set her lips firmly over her small white
teeth and made a furtive dab at her eyes.
She had barely time to glance at the card
when its owner, who had followed hard
upon the heels of t-he boy, bounced into the
room, seized both her hands and wrung
them vigorously.

  “Dot!” he cried. “How are you, girlie?
Say you’re glad to see me—quick!”
Dorothy’s eyes widened.

 “Jack Holloway! Why, Jack-”

  “The same—I swear it! John Francis
Holloway, late of Boston, now a resident of
the Golden State. Saw your name in the
‘hotel arrivals’ three days ago and would
have come at once but I had to make a fly-
ing trip to Los Angeles. How are you, and
how do you like San Francisco, and what on
earth are you doing here?”

  “I’m well, and I don’t like San Francisco
a bit; it gives me the blues. I’m traveling
with Aunt Margaret for her health; she’s
an invalid, you know.”

-	The young man looked at her keenly.
He was a clean-cut, manly fellow of under
i8

Adventure

thirty, clear-eyed and wholesome, and there
was a friendliness mingled with concern in
his eyes.

  “Same old thing, eh? Dot—assuming
the privilege of a friendship that dates from
the cradle—I’ll say that you look fagged
out. You’re tired, and that smile of yours
has a little droop it didn’t have the last
time I saw you. Ever since I can remember
you’ve been dancing attendance on your
Aunt Margaret, and it hasn’t been the best
thing in the world for you. Why don’t you
kick over the traces once in a while?”
Dorothy looked anxiously at the door
separating the two rooms and put her finger
to her lips.

  “S-sh! Auntie’s in there taking her
nap:-”

  “Oh, come, now! Tell me, Dot; how sick
is your aunt—really?”

  She made a little face.

  “Why—why, Jack, there isn’t anything
really serious the matter with her. She’s
what the doctor calls a ‘chronic valetudi-
narian.’ I believe it was you who used to
say that she enjoyed poor health. Old
maids, like auntie and me, usually have hob-
bies, and hers is to imagine herself very ill.”
She lowered her voice and again glanced
cautiously at the door.

  “You must never repeat it, Jack, but
once in a while she forgets and we have
a real good time. Other times we live by
routine and formulas. She’ll wake up pres-
ently and want koumyss, and beef-tea at
exactly a hundred and sixty-two degrees.”
Holloway crossed his legs, lighted a
cigaret, and smoked in silence a while.

  “Dot,” said he thoughtfully, “this ‘old
maid’ stuff from you would be funny if it
weren’t a little pathetic. Of course I know
what happened four years ago was a good
deal of a shock to you. It would have been
to any one under the circumstances, but
I don’t believe you’ve ever been told the
truth about it, else you wouldn’t spring
this ‘old maid’ talk on me. Tom wouldn’t
tell, of course.

  “I should have written you long ago, but
there are things you can’t make look con-
vincing and right on paper. I’ve felt like a
coward and probably acted like one, hoping
you’d be set straight somehow, but when
I saw your name on that list I saw the
chance to find out and explain things if no
one else had, and here I am. I see now that
I should have done it long ago. It was ac-

tually craven of me, and when I’ve done you
can call me anything you like.”

  “Jack, are you talking about that—that

yacht? Because if you are-”

  “I’m going to tell you the truth about
Tom, Dorothy.”

  “Well, you can spare yourself—and me.
I have heard quite enough—more than
enough—and don’t want to hear any more.
My only wish is to forget it all. I find it
hard enough as it is. Please don’t revert to
it again.”

  “Do you mean to say you’ve treated Tom
Matthews that way—turned him down
without a hearing?”

  “If that’s the way you choose to put it,
I have—certainly. Much as I cared for
Tom I couldn’t trust my future with a—

a drunkard and a—a-”

  “Oh, Lord! Do you mean to tell me you
wrote him stuff like that?”

  “I gave him my opinion of his conduct—
and yours, and the rest of you. I had to
tell the truth, and— Oh, don’t talk
about it!”

  “And did he answer you—offer any ex-
planations, I mean?”

  “No!”

  Holloway rose and paced back and forth
the length of the room. Then he stopped
before her, put his hand beneath her chin
and tilted her face up to his.

  “Dot,” said he gravely; “you loved the
boy; I know you did, little woman. Don’t
you love him any more?”

  Dorothy’s face flamed red. Her chin
quivered and she tried to turn her head, but
he held her facing him mercilessly.

  “Jack Holloway!” she flared angrily with
a hysterical note in her voice. “How dare
you ask me that? What is it to you? You
were one of that disgraceful, horrid party, and

now you come here to—to torment me-”

  She broke down and sobbed frankly into
her handkerchief. Holloway took another
turn about the room.

  “Hang it!” he muttered. “What chance
has a man in a case like this?”

  Then he stopped before her.

  “Dot,” he said, “you can think as you
like about me. It won’t be as bad as I’ve
thought about myself, nor half what I de-
serve perhaps. I’m not trying to make a
case for myself, and whatever you think,
I’m going to talk to you like a big brother
instead of a sort of thirty-second cousin.
You’re a chump! Now wait—listen!
Brethren of the Beach

19

  “It’s Aunt Margaret’s fault, I guess, but
you’ve grown prudish and self-opinionated
about things of which you know nothing
whatever. You’ve set yourself up as judge
and jury over every man on that yacht, con-
demned them wholesale, and turned down

the best fellow of them all-”

  “Jack Holloway-!”

  “—the best fellow of them all—sent him
to the devil, I guess, for no one has heard
of him for four years—without a hearing,
or a chance to square himself.”

  She faced him, her fists clenched, her
bosom heaving.

  “Jack Holloway, you are presuming on
old friendship; you are insulting. If that’s

all you came to say-”

  Holloway winced, but his jaw set and
a slight smile played about the corners of
his mouth.

  “It so happens that you’ve got to hear
me, Dorothy. I’ve made you angry—a good
sign that I’ve been hoping for—and your
imperiousness doesn’t feeze me a bit. I
won’t be unpleasant any more, and, for your
own sake and Tom’s, please listen attentive-
ly and patiently.

  “When I left him in Honolulu he was in
a bad way. He had lost all his money and
was going down among the islands for
a while. He was all broken up, and I
thought it was the money. He didn’t tell
me he had heard from you, and I never
guessed it.

  “You’re all wrong about him, Dot. He
was the one real man of the party. The
rest were all that was reported of us—a lot
of egregious asses whose idea of fun was
a riot, and who deserved all they got—”
he suddenly gulped—“all of us, that is,
except poor Carson and Charlie Wheeler.

We played poker and raised the-most

of the time, and drank all of the time.

  “The papers were quite right about there
being women and hula dances aboard at
Honolulu. That probably hit you the
hardest.

  “Well, while that was going on Tom and
I were over on the island of Hawaii, at the
Volcano House, on the edge of the crater of
Kilauea. We didn’t get to Honolulu till the
day the Hyperion sailed. That’s three
words for Tom and one for myself.

  “The wreck was terrible! Dorothy, the
smashing of that yacht on the reef—the
boiling surf—the awful ruthlessness of it—
are things that murder my sleep and always

will. I know that sounds trite, but you

should have seen it-”

  “As for Tom, he was the one sane, sober
man aboard, and had been since we started.
He did everything but humiliate himself
to bring the rest to their senses. He would
have quit us at Honolulu, but was too game
to do it.

  “I had half my ribs and an arm broken in
the wreck, and it was Tom who dragged me
ashore through the surf, or I’d have gone
with Carson and Wheeler to the sharks.
He helped half a dozen others save their
lives till he gave out and the Kanakas pulled
him ashore, half-drowned and sobbing like
a boy. Now you have the truth, and if you
want confirmation I’ll get some of the fellows
to give it. By George, I’ll make them do it!”
“But why didn’t Tom write and tell me
about this? How was I to know after all

those reports-”

  “Reports, reports! Hang the reports!
You’ve taken them and jumped at conclu-
sions without trying to get at the truth at
all. How could Tom explain anything?
Is a man going to come to you and tell you
he was the only good little kitten in the
basket? Tom’s not a wild Indian, like that
San Francisco crowd. He’s a man, clear
through, good enough for any woman on
earth; and if I were you and cared for him
at all, I’d hunt him with a fine-tooth comb

and square myself-”

  “Ahem!” said a dry voice.

  Peering at them through a crack in the
doorway was a lean, ascetic face with iron-
gray hair in disarray.

  “Jack Holloway, you young scamp,
you’ve cut my nap short twelve minutes
with your loud voice, but I’m glad to see
you. I’ll be out in a few minutes.”
Holloway sprang forward and vigorously
shook a thin hand protruding from a flowing
kimono sleeve.

  “My dear Miss Gardiner, I’m delighted
to see you. I hope you are well. I was just
suggesting to Dorothy that we all go down
to the Poodle Dog for supper.”

CHAPTER VI

PEARL-SHELL

'C'FFINGHAM smashed the heavy shell
' with a rock and sawed at the tough
adductor muscles with his knife. Then he
tore out the great, quivering mollusc from
20

Adventure

its beautiful bed of iridescent nacre; and
there, adhering to the lower shell,were three
large, irregular pearls. They were of the
kind known as baroques, and in the body of
the oyster was one tiny, round gem, perfect
in form and color.

  That day, and for many days thereafter,
the guano beds were neglected. The new
occupation of pearl-diving was taken up
with feverish enthusiasm. The sea-floor
was fairly paved with the great shell-fish,
and the men dived and wrenched at them
till their lungs were bursting. They kept at
it till they were utterly exhausted and slept
like logs, often where they dropped on the
open beach.

   All took part till the shoal water had been
cleared of shell and they were obliged to
work more systematically. The boat was
rigged with a platform and diving-stones to
weight the divers, and the difficult work
began of bringing up shell from depths of
four fathoms and over.

  It was hard and dangerous labor. The
strain upon the divers was prodigious; and
there were dangers, unseen and terrible,
lying below.

  From one of these came their first trag-
edy. Kuma, a Butaritari boy, was rising
to the surface, the air in his lungs exhausted,
when one of the hideous snake-eels called
puhi-paka by the natives seized him by the
hand with its terrible jaws, armed with row
upon row of needle-sharp teeth, dragging his
arm into a hole in the reef. Kanakas
dread the puhi more than they do the
shark, but:. they know how to meet his
attack.	...

  No human strength could break the grip
of the giant eel, but Kuma waited till the
monster relaxed to get a fresh purchase with
his tail, then shoved with all his strength and
tore away his mutilated hand. An instant
sooner and the lacerated hand would have
been his only injury, but he had burst
a blood-vessel, and died that night.

  Nevertheless the work went on. Steadily
there grew row after row of the great
oysters, high up on the beach, there to
“rot out” in the sun till the shells could be
cleaned of their contents. The bed was a
comparatively small one.

  In three weeks they had taken the last
shell. With a diving-armor it might have
been done in as many days, but it covered
a very satisfying area of white beach as
they laid it out in the sun, and was a thing

for these men to gloat over and speculate
and dream about.

   They lay about when the work was done,
nursing salt-water sores and various wounds
and bruises. They were a very tired com-
pany, but their attitude toward life and
each other had changed. They were no
longer broken men, delving in the guano for
Captain Wiggins; they were men of sub-
stance, owners of a bed of shell, the aristo-
cratic holding of the Pacific. They could
drop in at any port, show a pocketful of
pearls and an air of mystery and be pointed
out as men of note. The tainted air from
the rotting shell was laden with optimism.

   “The question before the house is: “What
about Wiggins?” said Matthews.

  “Well, wot about Wiggins?” growled
Welsh. “Wiggins ’asn’t any finger in this
pie.”

  “Of course not, Reddy; but you can’t
convince him of that if he hears what’s in
the wind. Who’ll guarantee he won’t hear
of it? There may be a fortune there in
pearls—and then there may not; but what-
ever there is, give Wiggins a hint and he’ll
hog the whole business, to say nothing of
the shell.”

  “Hah!” said Douchet. “Dose shell is
nos-sing! It’s de pearl. I see ’em at
T’ursday Island so-o-o beeg! Dey pay,
’ow much you t’ink? Two t’ousand pound
—maybe more. De pearl can go in de
pocket an’ Weegins ’e know nossing about
it. De shell—pouf! We sink ’im in de sea!”

  The Kanaka boys were in a group by
themselves not far away and Effingham
nodded toward them significantly.

   “There’s where the trouble lies,” said
he. “Those boys are bound to chum with
Wiggins’ Kanaka crew, and what they tell
will be told aft, be sure of that. Then it’s
good-by pearls!”

  Welsh looked at the Kanakas and
straightened up. His fingers began to
twitch, and gradually a strange expression
came over his face. One corner of his mouth
drew up, and his little eyes took on an ex-
pression of cunning ferocity that could not
be mistaken. Effingham laughed outright.

   “Oh, come, Reddy,” said he; “we’re not
going to kill off the boys yet awhile. Why,
they’ve done all the hard work! We’ll have
to organize, that’s all. It’s a simple matter.

   “As for that shell, it’s worth two hundred
dollars a ton at Shanghai. There may not
be more than two cents’ worth of pearls in
Brethren of the Beach

21

the lot. If there isn’t it would be wise,
I think, to cache the shell. One might come
back some day, you know.

  “At any rate, as far as the pearls are-con-
cerned, there’s no use crossing a bridge till
we get to it. Wait till we know what we’ve
got.”

  “Ah!” said Welsh. “That’s the-of it,

mates; this ’ere waitin’. My nerves is all

of a shiver. Thank-we ’ave plenty of

gin.”

  “While we are on the subject,” continued
Effingham, “I think it would be well if we all
agreed to let that shell alone till the final
cleaning up. I saw you probing around
there, Douchet; and you, too, Cox; and
I chased Joey and Keola away this morning.
We’ve got to have some system, and I sug-
gest that the shell be left alone till the final
clean-up. Of course you chaps have ideas
of your own. I’m only giving you mine,
that’s all.”

  “Right!” said Welsh. “And I’ll give you
mine, mates. We’re all gentlemen, with
equal rights and privileges, as you may say,
and a man as voylates ’em ought to be shot.
I say, keep away from that shell under pen-
alty of death till the proper time. Just let
me get these fins on the man as doesn’t!”

CHAPTER VII

PLANS AND RESOLUTIONS

TOM MATTHEWS rolled over on his
bed of mats and sat up. Hours before
he had aroused from a coma that in no way
resembled refreshing sleep, and had since
lain awake cursing the abominable odor
and nursing his throbbing temples. A
“square-face” of gin stood within reach of
his hand, and he gulped down a swallow,
rose wearily and slipped his bare feet into
straw sandals.

  It was gray dawn. The trade wind ha,d
not yet risen, and the sea rolled lazily at the
edge of the barrier reef. No one was stir-
ring on the beach, but as he passed Effing-
ham’s tent he heard a hollow, racking cough
within. Effingham had been failing fast of
late, and his cough had grown steadily
worse.

  The stoical young Englishman never
alluded to himself or his ailment and would
have railed at any spoken sympathy, but
as Tom looked round the lonely islet,
bleaker than ever in the gray of morning,

the pathos and tragedy of it struck him like
a blow.

  “God!” he muttered. “What a place to
die in!”

  An eighth of a mile away an acre or so of
beach was covered with the shell in the pro-
cess of “rotting out,” and the poisonous,
festering mass smelled to high heaven. Day
and night, unabated by rain or wind, the
awful odor hung like a pall—ubiquitous,
intolerable—dominating even the snuffy,
pungent ammonia smell of the guano. At
night the mass emitted a pale, shimmering
phosphorescence; by day, under the hot
sun, the air above it shuddered in phantas-
magoric waves.

  Matthews made a detour round the shell
and turned inland across a low plateau.
There were birds in countless legions. Their
crude nests cumbered the ground. They
filled the air and dotted the surface of the
sea. Huge albatrosses, fierce-eyed and
scornful, lumbered grudgingly out of his
way. Somber frigate-birds, with crimson
pouches at their throats, hissed and snapped
at him truculently, while clouds of gulls
and smaller birds took protesting flight, to
settle again as he passed.

  He reached the windward side of the
island and threw himself at full length on
a rocky eminence overlooking the sea. To-
morrow they would clean the shell, and he
had found the strain of waiting almost un-
bearable. Filled with new resolutions, he
burned with impatience to put them into
practise. He was going to reestablish his
manhood—to think of himself once more by
the ambiguous word “gentleman” without
flinching.

  He was young and there was still a
chance. All things were possible if he quit
drinking and took a grip on himself. He
longed for cut glass and silver, fine linen, the
society of well-dressed men and women—■
to be in touch with his kind again on equal
terms; but these things were conditional
on there being valuable pearls in the shell,
and the uncertainty had keyed his over-
wrought nerves to the breaking point.

  What lay hidden in the corruption of the
pearl-shell was problematical. Divided
among them all it might mean no more than
a trifle for each. However small his share,
Tom intended to put it to good use, and, if
he could not have at once those things that
represented the amenities of life, he would
find a way to them eventually.
22

Adventure

  He had brooded too long over a woman
who had thrown him over unfairly. He
would never forget her—her memory would
always be a scar—but he would make a
fresh start in spite of it. He had quite re-
covered from the feeling of loneliness with
which he had been stricken after having
impulsively flung away the locket, and
rejoiced to be free from that last link which
bound him with the past.

  Regarding the pearls Tom found plenty
of cause for uneasiness. He reviewed the
individual traits of his companions, their
strained attitude toward each other and
the smoldering hostility and distrust that
had grown through being so long together
in this lonely place.

  Four of the men were either actual or po-
tential criminals. Effingham, though Tom
instinctively trusted him, was an enigma
for all that; and his sinister and pessimistic
allusions whenever the pearls were men-
tioned, coming as they did from a dying
man, were disturbing. It seemed inevitable
that, if many pearls were found, trouble
would follow in so mixed and uncongenial
a company.

 Uneasy and depressed, Tom walked
slowly back across the island. No one was
at work on the guano beds. The Kanakas
were off fishing on the reef, and the white
men were sitting about on the beach or
wandering nervously around the vicinity of
the shell.

  In spite of their compact the temptation
to probe at the oysters, fast growing leath-
ery and shriveled in the sun, was almost
irresistible. The square-face was passing
freely. Even Welsh, the stolid giant, was
visibly nervous.

  “My word!” said he, wiping his mouth
with a huge paw. “I wish that stinkin’
mess was cleaned up. Suppose a ship
should ’appen in now, with all that shell
laid out. It would be cruel ’ard to be stuck
up for all that swag, mates!”

  Effingham winked at Tom.

  “Listen to the lion roar!” said he. “Reddy
the Bushranger afraid of being held up!
How about you, Frenchy?”

  Douchet looked at the shell and ground
his teeth wickedly.

  “Sacre!” said he. “Suppose she come
now, for dose pearl I would cut ze ’eart from
h’every man on ze sheep!”

  “Spoken like a little man,” said Effing-
ham. “No lack of spirit in Frenchy here.

I should like to see a man’s heart cut out.
It must be curious.”

  “There’s no need to borrow that kind of
trouble,” said Tom. “We haven’t seen
a sail in three months, and there’s none
coming. We’re too far off the track.”
“Don’t be too sure, my son.”

  Effingham rolled a cigaret with a quick,
deft twist of finger and thumb.

“Things usually happen at the wrong
time. Pearls, especially looted ones like
these, smell of trouble as sure as they smell
of rotten oysters. Pass the gin, Tommie!”
Davison yawned loudly.

  “Here comes Keola with a bag of mullet,”
said he; “and Joey’s got some crawfish.
Good chuck in sight, boys. Let’s have a
small game to work up an appetite.”

  They gathered in the lanai and began a
rather desultory game of poker. Long
association had made each man’s style of
play familiar to the others. Cox was cau-
tious and timid, uncertain of a good hand
unless stimulated by drink; Davison rather
stolid and consistent for so mercurial
a game as poker. He played a far better
game of whist. Welsh was blunderingly
aggressive, with strong oaths when luck
went against him.

  Douchet, throughout a game, sat tense
and nervous, plucking at his pointed black
beard, his mean little close-set eyes alight
with avarice. He snatched at his winnings
greedily, and it was understood that he
would cheat when possible.

  Effingham, by far the best player, seemed
indifferent to the game and unruffled by
winnings or losses; but his slim fingers
manipulated the cards with the skill of a
born gambler, and he invariably won at
any game they chose to play.

  Tom played the fair, average game of
most Americans when the game is draw
poker, but it had long ceased to interest
him. He was weary of the greed of Welsh
and Douchet, the babbled obscenities of
Davison and Cox’s eternal grin and whining
voice. Yet he played when the others did,
for the game was a relief from mental stag-
nation.

  It lacked intrinsic interest, for there was
nothing to play for. They had staked their
prospective pay from Wiggins so often, bor-
rowing and reborrowing, that it haci grown
into a hopeless jumble of accounts that no
one attempted to straighten out.

  They now played for chips made of the
Brethren of the Beach

23

limbs of trees of different-colored woods
sawed into thin discs. These had a purely
chimerical value of twenty-five cents, fifty
cents and a dollar each, according to color,
the values being represented by sandalwood,
hau and kou woods, respectively.

  They played till meal-time. The game
dragged, but they were all in good humor,
and for the time they warmed toward each
other and expanded into something like
geniality. It struck Matthews with a glow
of surprize and made him rather ashamed
of his uneasy suspicions.

  From their present attitude one would
have thought them the best comrades in the
world. They were all, in fact, building air-
castles with foundations of pearls.

  After the meal they resumed the game by
the light of smoky lanterns, but presently
Welsh threw down his hand.

  “Blow the cards!” said he. “Let’s chuck
it! We’ve a bigger gamble out there on the
beach than we’ll ever get out of these
greasy old palammers. Me mind ain’t on
’em. It’s on a pub in Sydney where the
fighters drop in now and then. I’ve a fancy
to buy it and tryne fighters meself and be
genteel in a top-’at. I’ve always wanted
to own a pub.”

  “I’m for the Poodle Dog in San Fran-
cisco,” said Matthews. “I’m going to or-
der a canvas-back with sauce made from the
juice of the carcass; a planked venison
steak, some artichokes, a ripe old Camem-
bert and a bottle of their special Burgundy.
After that I don’t care whether school keeps
or not.”

  Cox was for going into trade. He knew
of a fine schooner, seized for debt, that was
fairly rotting at the dock in Auckland, and
could be bought dirt cheap. Davison was
going “home” with the sole idea of disgrac-
ing the father who had turned him off with
a pittance to shift for himself in the colo-
nies. First, however, he was going to have
a bit of a turn-up with some old cronies at
Joe Anderson’s in Suva.

  “Me, I go to Rouen,” said Douchet.
“Da’s ze place where I am betr-r-ray’ an’

sent to Noumea, ze private - of ze

French government. I been in dat -

t’ree years. I find dat woman who be-
tr-r-ray me an’ send me dere, if she is live.-
She is my wife. Wit’ dese two ’ands I keel
her den. I tak’ ’er by de t’roat, so, an’ I
keel her!”

  Effingham laughed.

  “You fellows talk like a lot of bloated
millionaires,” said he, “when for all we
know there’s about twenty dollars’ worth
of crooked little pearls out there to buy
pubs and schooners with. There may be
no more than one of Tommie’s square
meals all round. Go ahead with your fairy
tales; I’m going to turn in.”

  He rolled over in the corner and went
to sleep.

  None of the others slept, however. Talk
languished; they took frequent nips at the
bottle, and the air was heavy with tobacco-
smoke. Sometimes a man drowsed, par-
ticularly the corpulent Davison, only to
start awake with a jerk.

  Tom felt unusually wakeful himself; but
he could not understand these men deliber-
ately fighting sleep until he became aware
of a slyness and stealthiness in the way they
were eying and appraising one another.
He himself was under this uncomfortable
scrutiny as well as Effingham, quietly sleep-
ing jn a corner of the lanai. Then he under-
stood.

  “Why,” he muttered, “the beasts are
each afraid the others are going to get ahead
of him.”

  He rose in disgust and went to his tent
to sleep till morning.

CHAPTER VIII

DOROTHY HAS A VISITOR

FOR the first time Dorothy’s Aunt
Margaret had cause to complain of
neglect on the part of her niece. There
were times when she found Dorothy posi-
tively unsympathetic, and the good lady’s <
matutinal recitals of her “symptoms” of the
night before were received with actual in-
difference. Dorothy was distraught, and
little worry lines began to appear around
her eyes and mouth.

  Jack Holloway came often and they spent
much time in close communion. Shortly
after his first visit a notice had appeared in
various California papers offering a reward
for information concerning the whereabouts
of Matthews, and later, at Holloway’s sug-
gestion, in the journals of Australia and the
Far East.

  Dorothy scanned her daily mail eagerly
and hopefully till a couple of months had
gone by without result. She admitted that
it was an impertinence for her to try to
24

Adventure

communicate with Matthews, and really
believed she was acting purely from motives
of justice.

  It was hardly probable that he would
ever care to see her again after her scathing
letter of four years before, every word of
which was burned in her memory, and if he
had suddenly appeared before her she would
have been at a loss to explain her recrudes-
cent interest in his welfare; but she was
acting on Holloway’s suggestion to com-
municate with Tom, if possible, and “square
herself” for her conscience’s sake.

  If he were living he would have ordered
his life anew on other lines. There would
be other women, one of whom had perhaps
made him happy—other scenes and other
interests.

  She was prompted, she believed, solely
by the desire to acknowledge her fault in
having misjudged him, in the same spirit
in which Holloway had come to her with
his story. She wondered if he would scorn
her; or if he would be kind and look at
her, a little reproachfully perhaps, with his
honest, sentimental gray eyes, as he used

to do, and—and-

 Here Dorothy would become very
wretched indeed, and she and Holloway
would drag her aunt, protesting, to the
theater and a late supper, where the older
lady would have a most enjoyable time in
spite of herself and forget all about clinical
thermometers and “symptoms” for the
time being.

  “Auntie,” said Dorothy one morning at
breakfast, “I know the very best thing in
the world for you. Dr. Snyder spoke of it
the other day, and I’ve been thinking it
over ever since. It’s a sea voyage. There’s
a steamer leaving tomorrow for Honolulu,
and we have plenty of time to pack and
make the arrangements. Won’t that be
delightful?”

  “Child!” cried Miss Gardiner, startled.
“It’s impossible! I’m too ill to travel.
Why, I should be seasick! It would be the
death of me! The last time we went to

Europe-”

  “Ah, but this isn’t Europe, auntie.
Honolulu is the loveliest place in the world,
and the Pacific is very quiet. It will cure
you, I’m sure.”

  “Impossible! I can’t think of it, Dorothy.

Why-”

  “You must think of it, auntie, I’m afraid.
You see, I took the doctor’s word that it

will be the very best thing for you, and
bought the tickets.”

  She smiled sweetly and patted her aunt’s
cheek as she rose from the table.

  “Don’t be fussy, auntie dear. Think of
the palms and the sunshine and the flying-
fish and—and things. I’m going to pack.”

THREE weeks later Dorothy was
sitting on the veranda of a cottage
at Waikiki when a hack drove up
and deposited at the gate a short, stocky,
weather-beaten man with a grizzled beard.
He took a paper from his pocket and un-
folded it as he walked toward the veranda.
He looked doubtfully at Dorothy.

  “I came about this notice, ma’am,” said
he. “Is the gentleman here who put it in
the paper?”

  He indicated a personal notice identical
with the one Matthews had seen in a Sydney
paper on the Mamaloa, save that the ad-
dress given was that of the Waikiki cottage.

  “I put it in myself,” said Dorothy.
“Come in and sit down, please. I am Miss
Gardiner.”

  The stocky man touched his cap and
bowed.

  “Captain Wiggins, ma’am, at your ser-
vice. I thought I might ’ave news for you.
’As any one else been ’ere about it?” he in-
quired anxiously.

  “No, there has been no one else so far,”
replied Dorothy.

  Captain Wiggins, with a sigh of relief,
settled his bulk in a wicker chair and
mopped his forehead with a bandanna hand-
kerchief.

  “It says ’ere, miss, that there is a re-
ward—a ’undred dollars, it says—for in-
formation about a man named Thomas
Matthews. Now I know a man of that
name and I thought that ma’ap ’e’s the
same.”

  Dorothy bent forward eagerly.

  “Was he one of the guests on the Hy-
perion?”

  “I can’t say as to that, miss. Like
enough. I ’eard of the ’Y per ion wreck a few
years ago at Apia, but I never knew
Matthews to speak of it. Was ’e a kind of
a down-and-out sort of a chap—a great
’and for the gin—kind of a beach-comber,
like?”

  “Oh, no, no!” said Dorothy, her heart
sinking. “Not that kind of a man at all.
Mr. Matthews is a gentleman.”
Brethren of the Beach

25

  “Oh, as to that, ’e’s a gentleman, right
enough. Quite the toff, you might say,
only down on ’is luck. ’Ails from Boston
way—’Arvard College, and all that; well
eddicated. I’ve ’eard ’im speak of it. A
fine, upstanding young man when sober,
only in a bad way financially, as I said.
Tall man, clean shaved, with a mole on ’is
right cheek—and there you ’ave ’im,
miss.”

  Dorothy’s pulse was racing now.

  “It may be the same Mr. Matthews,” she
said guardedly, endeavoring to control her
voice. “Where is he now?”

“ ’E’s on an island, miss; a long way from
’ere. A pretty forsaken spot, as you may
say. ’E’s in my employ just at present.”
“But where is this island? How does one
get there? Do the steamers stop?”

  Wiggins indulged in the ghost of a grin.
“ ’Ardly that as yet, miss. The only
steamer as ’as been there that I know of is
a British cruiser. The island’s only just
charted, and it’s out of the run of traffic.
I ’ave ’ere—” he took a slip of paper from
his pocket, unfolded it and held it, looking
somewhat embarrassed, yet with a crafty
gleam in his eyes—“the latitude and longi-
tude of the place. I thought of giving it to
you, if this was your Mr. Matthews, when

we ’ad settled—ahem!--”

  “Oh, the reward, to be sure!”

  Dorothy had seen and understood the
gleam in the captain’s eye.

  “Well, Captain Wiggins, some of your
description might fit the Mr. Matthews that
I am inquiring for, but it might fit many
other men, too. Even if he is the same, how
am I to verify it? You are a total stranger

to me-”

  “As to that, miss, there’s my mate and
the crew of my schooner. They’ll stand
ready to back me up. They all know
Matthews, drunk or sober.”

  Dorothy rose and stood leaning against
the veranda rail, tapping the floor with her
foot.

  “I think I shall go with you to your
schooner, if you will take me in your car-
riage. I should like to have your mate and
crew verify your description, and I can stop
at the bank and get the money for you on
the way. Please wait till I get my hat.”
They drove to town and then to the
wharf, Dorothy stopping on the way and
drawing from the bank a large sum of money
in gold. In the cabin of the Mamaloa

the mate was in the midst of a recital con-
firming the captain’s description of Mat-
thews, when Wiggins suddenly struck his
forehead a violent blow with his knuckles.

  “God bless me!” he cried. “What an ass
I am; I had clean forgot! Just a moment,
miss!”

  He disappeared into his own room, re-
turning presently with a small, clear snap-
shot photograph. It was one taken by
Effingham on the way to the island. It
showed a group of six men, one of them
Captain Wiggins; another, barefooted, in
worn pajamas, whom Dorothy recognized
at once as Tom Matthews.

  She looked at the picture long and ear-
nestly. In the pitiless fashion of snap-shot
photographs it accentuated the haggard,
careworn expression and dissipated lines in
the faces of the subjects. Except for the
stolid Wiggins, sternly posing on his own
quarter-deck, the photo showed unsparingly
a rakish, tatterdemalion group of nonde-
scripts in which Matthews himself appeared
without advantage.

  Dorothy laid the picture down with a
sigh. Then she opened her hand-bag and
dumped the contents on the table. From
the shining heap of gold she counted out
ten ten-dollar pieces and gave them to the
captain.

  “Thank you!” she said. “I am quite
satisfied.”

  Leaving the rest of the gold lying before
her, she fell to studying the photograph
again. The heap of gold remaining on the
table was of a size to make Captain Wiggins
lick his lips. He was looking at it as a cat
might eye a cream-jug when Dorothy raised
her eyes.

  “Captain,” she asked, “do you ever carry
passengers?”

  “No, ma’am,” said Wiggins promptly.
“Only down among the islands, that is—
not regular passengers. The Mamaloa’s an
old roach-trap and don’t smell any too
sweet, as you may ’ave noticed. Passengers
are that fastidious!”

  Dorothy slowly dropped the gold-pieces,
a few at a time, into her bag.

  “I didn’t know, of course; I thought I’d
ask you. I thought you might—for a con-
sideration.”

  She rose to go.

  “Wait a moment, miss,” said Wiggins;
“I’m going to ’ave the cook serve some
tea.”
26

Adventure

HALF an hour later Dorothy
walked up-town toward a carriage
stand. Her eyes were shining and
her face was flushed with excitement.

 “Dorothy Gardiner,” she murmured,
“you’re a goose! You might have written.
It would have answered the purpose; and,
oh, dear, what will Aunt Margaret say!
She’ll think you have gone stark, staring
mad!”

CHAPTER IX

CUSTODIAN OF THE PEARLS

“lVfY EYE!” said Welsh in an awestruck
-LV1 voice. “Wota’aul! Mates, I dont
know ’ow you feel about it, but I’m goin’
to get drunk!”

  Douchet’s nostrils were wide and his eyes
like two live coals.

  “Pardieu!” hie rumbled. “We are r-reech!”
Cox’s smile grew more lickerish than ever,
and Davison stared incredulously, repeat-
ing: “My word! My word!” over and over
again, while the Kanaka boys hovered about
the group, wide-eyed and curious.

  The pearls lay before them in a brown
calabash, a heap of beautiful gems, far finer
than they had dared anticipate. The un-
certainty of the pearl-fisher’s trade makes
it one of the most fascinating in the world.
Aside from the valuable shell itself every
oyster represents a potential fortune.

  In a whole bed there may not be one pearl
of value; in another may lie hidden a king’s
ransom. Seldom is there a cleaning-up
without one of the extremes of disappoint-
ment or rejoicing.

  None of the men was expert in the deli-
cate business of judging pearl-values, but
the size and beauty of some of these spoke
eloquently for themselves. There were
four, indeed, of a bigness and luster beyond
any they had ever seen. But there were
many others, for the bed had proved of
incredible richness, and they ranged from
the four in a graduated scale down to a
scant handful of irregular baroques.

  Tom gazed with fascination at the softly
glowing heap in the calabash. His chance
for rehabilitation lay before him, and the
blood surged faster through his pulses. The
past seemed to fall away from him and the
future to rise and welcome him, so that his
dominant feeling was a longing for action
of some kind to try out his dormant muscles
and stir the kinks out of his brain. Psycho-

logically it was the same sensation that
prompted Welsh’s desire to get drunk.

  Effingham fingered the gems coolly
enough; but his eyes had an unwonted
brightness, and there was a glowing, hectic
spot on each cheek.

  “Emblems of trouble,” said he propheti-
cally. “I’m almost sorry there are so many.
If we weren’t such a mild-mannered, gentle
flock of lambs there might be some throat-
cutting over these. Now that we’ve got
’em and the suspense is over, what are we
going to do with ’em?”

  “W’y, divide ’em,” said Welsh; “each
man his share, and share and share alike.
That’s right and proper among gentlemen,
I take it.”

  “All agreed on that?” asked Effingham,
looking around.

  They nodded.

  “Very well. How are you going to do
it? Who’s going to set a value on them?
We’re none of us pearl-buyers, and some
one’s bound to get the worst of it, let alone
coming to blows over the division. Every
one of you has his eye on some particular
one right now and is ready to scramble for
it to prevent some one else getting hold of it.

  “Ha, I thought so! That shot went home.
Douchet, don’t look so sheepish!”

  He smiled satirically—

  “Hadn’t we better talk it over?”

  “Oh, rot!” said Cox. “We’re all gentle-
men here, as Reddy says. Why not bury
them till Wiggins gets back?”

  Effingham looked at him with a sudden,
contemptuous fierceness.

  “1'here’s no need of any delusions about
our all being gentlemen and men of honor.
The fact is we’re a crew of pretty hard
characters. If we bury these every one
will want to know where, naturally. Then
what’s to hinder any one of us privately
digging them up and planting them some-
where else? No, there’s only one thing to
be done.

  “These pearls, as they stand, represent
money—a lump sum. Money can be evenly
divided; these can not. Let the man who
holds the balance of trust take charge of
them till they can be disposed of and an
equal division made of the money they
bring. Otherwise there’s going to be a lot
of dissension, and that means—trouble!”
“Good idea, that,” said Davison. “W^’H
draw cuts for it.”

  “That won’t do, boys,” said Effingham
Brethren of the Beach

27

emphatically. “I said the man who holds
the balance of trust. We can’t leave that
to chance. We must vote for it.”

  This led to a prolonged and heated dis-
cussion. It was quite evident that with
the exception of Effingham none of the
party cared to see the pearls in the hands
of any one but himself.

  “If we put them in the hands of one man,
as you say,” said Cox, “what’s to hinder
him from burying them on his own account?
Fat chance the rest of us would have then.”
“I spoke of one man digging them up
and transplanting them in case we buried
them together. We might never find out
who did it. In this case we know the man
beforehand, and if at any time he failed to
produce the pearls on demand—well, I guess
we’d know what to do. Our treasurer will
walk with his life in his hands, gentlemen!”
To Matthews the arrangement seemed
the fairest possible, and he joined his argu-
ments to Effingham’s. After some further
wrangling the plan was agreed upon. They
wrote their votes on the margin of a leaf
from an old paper novel and tossed them
into the calabash; but the result of the first
ballot was ludicrous. Tom and Effingham
had each voted for the other; the rest had
all voted for themselves. Matthews laughed
in spite of the gravity of the occasion.

  “Vote’s a tie,” said he. “Come again,
gentlemen!”

  “One moment,” said Effingham mildly,
almost pleadingly. “Don’t think I want
to do all of the talking, but I do want one
word before we vote again. Of course this
will be easily settled in the long run. The
only idea is to keep the pearls together in
safe hands, so there will be no jawing and
rowing over them.

  “The only way is to have the most
capable man in charge. He has got to keep
a clear head and be ready to fight some
discontented idiot at any time to protect
his trust. Any one of us can put up a
fight, I guess; and any one of us can let the
gin alone—” he looked hard at Cox and
Davison—“but my candidate is Tom Mat-
thews because he can do both as well as
any of us and, being a sort of new chum on
the beach, is probably a little more trust-
worthy than the rest of us. That’s all.”
This time there were two votes for Tom
against one for every one but Cox. The
irresolute and timid member had dodged
the responsibility in favor of Tom. There

was a snarl from Douchet and a curse from
Welsh as the result was announced, and Cox
cringed a trifle, looking dubious as if he half-
regretted his choice. But there was no fur-
ther demonstration, though as Tom made
the pearls into a temporary packet he was
watched hungrily by several pairs of eyes,
and a little thrill ran up and down his spine.

   He had anticipated trouble, and now if it
came he would be the storm-center; but the
sense of responsibility fired him with new
self-confidence and determination. It was,
he felt, the first move in his rehabilitation.
It satisfied in a measure his craving for
action. With the feel of the pearls against
his skin the world seemed once more a very
good one to live in, and with a light heart
he set about making an oilskin pouch for
the gems.

THEY gathered in the lanai to cele-
brate the holiday in the proper
spirit. It was the first day since
their arrival that they actually shirked
work, but all thought of labor was put aside.
They were bursting with animal spirits.
They ransacked their supplies for the few
luxuries in store.

  They shot plover on the reef, and the
Kanakas gathered fish, ti-root and plan-
tains, which they cooked in an imu, under-
ground. Davison resurrected the guitar and
concertina and extracted weird melody un-
reproached. And, having feasted, they lav
about at ease.

  “-love us!” said Welsh, leaning back

luxuriously and puffing at a black, moldy
Manila cigar. “But it’s good to be rich
and tyke it h’easy after sweatin’ the way
we ’ave for a few shillin’s from that bloke
Wiggins. No more o’ that for me!”

  “I feel the same, Reddy,” said Tom,
busily stitching at his pouch, “but it seen'-;
to me we oughtn’t to quit. In the first
place we’ll rot for want of something to do;
and in the second, if we haven’t a cargo for
the old man he may suspect something and
turn rusty.”

   “If he does,” said Davison, plucking lan-
guidly at the guitar, “he can jolly well go

to the-for all of me.”

  “That’s all well enough,” said Tom; “but
we want a passage somewhere, and the only
way to get it is to keep on the right side of
the old man.”

  “What we care for dat?” said Douchet
with heat. “If dat leetle peeg mak’
28

Adventure

troub’ we tak’ away his schooner—w’at?
We leave Weegins wid de birds or, maybe,
cut ’is t’roat!”

  “Oh, we’re not a pack of bloody pirates,”
said Cox. “What we want is to get safely
away with the pearls. Still, we’ve earned a
good loaf. Why not keep the Kanakas at
the guano? They can fmish the job in a
couple of weeks.”

  “That wouldn’t be fair to the beys,”
replied Matthews. “They’ve worked hard
and faithfully, and they’re trusting us now,
like a lot of children, for a share in the
pearls. What do you think, Walt?”

  He turned to Effingham, who was leaving
for his tent.

  “To tell the truth, Tommie,” said he
lazily, “I don’t give a hang one way or the
other. Good night!”

  Tom emptied the pearls into the com-
pleted pouch and hung it round his neck
by a strand of coconut fibre.

  “Well,” said he, “I admit I’m rather keen
for a spell of loafing, myself. It’s under-
stood then that we’ve thrown up Wiggins’
job?”

  No one answered. Four pairs of eyes
were focused on the pouch hanging from
his neck. While none of those eyes, red and
watery from drink, held any actual hos-
tility toward himself, they had a common
expression of avarice, and in that glance he
read the full responsibility of his steward-
ship. It weighed heavily on him, and he
passed a restless night.

  Once or twice he fancied he heard whis-
pering outside his tent, and on one occasion
he rose and peered out. The last quarter
of the old moon was near the horizon, and
by its light he saw near by a dark figure.
Approaching, he found it was Joey, seated
on the ground, a rifle across his knees.

  “Why, Joey,” said he, “what are you
doing here?”

  “Epihama (Effingham) speak me come,”
replied Joey simply.

  Tom retired without questioning the boy
further, but the incident gave him fresh
food for reflection. Why had Effingham
done this without consulting him? Was
this a guardover him? Or was Effingham,
too, suspicious?

  The next morning he walked over to the
windward side of the island to be alone and
think the situation over. His trusteeship
was beginning to be onerous. Why this
greed and distrust? That he would fail to

render a just accounting was absurd; his
pride fairly bristled at the thought.

  Effingham had forced the thing on him
with that ridiculous election, and then set a
watch on him! The man valued him no
more than he did the rest, and the whole
pother was over a few trinkets of no more
value at the moment than so many pebbles.

  He opened the pouch and looked at the
pearls. Ah, but they were beautiful—as
beautiful as imprisoned moonlight! Play-
things for elves and fairies—and Douchet’s
talons and Welsh’s hairy paws would snatch
at them to squander in nameless debauch-
eries! It seemed a pity—almost a sacrilege!

  Could he— Tom hastily closed the
pouch and hung it round his neck.

  “A little more of this,” he muttered,
“and I shall be as bad as the rest!”

  As he rose to leave he saw a man slip from
behind a knoll fifty yards away and go slid-
ing back under cover like some little jungle
creature. It was Douchet!

  When he arrived at the lanai a card game
was just beginning, and he took a hand.
After an hour or so of play Effingham, who
appeared quite ill, had a severe coughing
spell and wandered away. The rest main-
tained the festival air of the day before.

  Though it was early forenoon they were
all in various stages of drunkenness, and
their plans for spending their wealth soared
into the wildest realms of fancy. They
were boisterous and boastful of shocking
episodes of the past, and laughed immod-
erately at each others’ stories.

  Tom noticed, however, that none of the
conversation was addressed to him. When
he spoke they listened in silence till he had
done, as if there had grown a wall of for-
mality between them. All his uneasiness
crystallized into a feeling of bitter indigna-
tion and disgust, and he threw down his
hand and went in search of Effingham.

CHAPTER X

TOLD IN CONFIDENCE

T_T E FOUND him in a little clearing close
A A to where a small spring bubbled up
among the stones. Inland the low trees
shut out the nesting birds and the barren
bleakness of the rest of the island, while
seaward the dwarf mimosa hid the beach,
and the nearest view of the sea was the
surf breaking on the distant margin of the
Brethren of the Beach

29

 reef, seen through the swaying trunks of the
 palms. It was a favorite spot of Effing-
 ham’s when he wished to be alone after a
 spell of illness.

    He was mending a tear in the knee of a
 pair of duck trousers by drawing and insert-
 ing threads. He had a scrupulous neatness
 and refinement of person and an almost
 miraculous dexterity in the use of his long,
 slim hands. He could do interesting and
 mysterious things with cards, coins and bits
 of string, make perfect splices with rope,
 and bring down a drinking coconut by sev-
 ering the stem with a single cast of a sharp
 stone or a shot from his revolver. In what-
 ever he did there was the same finished pre-
 cision and accuracy.

    When completed, the delicate darning he
 was employed with could not be told from
 the original fabric. He was whistling
 through his teeth as unconcernedly as if
 pearls were the last thing in the world.

    Tom threw himself down beside him.

    “Walt,” said he, “you were right about
 these-things. I smell trouble!”

    Effingham took a tiny pair of scissors
 from the hussif by his side, delicately
 snipped the cloth on his knee and pulled
 the thread.

   “Shouldn’t wonder,” said he; “I suppose
. the jail-birds are a little unwholesome by
now.”

   They could hear laughter and hoarse
 snatches of song from the beach, and pres-
 ently there rose above the other sounds a
 clear, strong, bell-like voice:

        “Eternal Father! Strong to save.

        Whose arm hath^ bound the restless wave,
        Who bidd’st the mighty ocean deep
        Its own appointed limits keep;

        Oh, hear us when we cry to Thee
        For those in peril on the sea!”

    Heard from a distance, with the fat, sod-
 den face of the singer hidden, the stately
 hymn sounded dignified and really beautiful.
 Then Davison’s voice trailed off into “Tom
 Bowling” and finally to some obscene verses
 of the Siva dance, at which there was a pat-
 ting of hands keeping time, and more laugh-
 ter.

    “The voice of an angel and the soul of a
 swine,” said Effingham. “We’re a pretty
 hard lot, Tommie. How do you feel about
 holding office as treasurer?”

   “Shaky,” replied Tom. “The beasts are
 dissatisfied, and there’s bound to be a ruc-

 tion sooner or later. I believe the safest
 way is to bury the things.”

  “Don’t do it! They’re going to want
to see them every hour or so to make sure
you have them safe and to finger them over.
I wouldn’t bury them if I were you.”

  Tom plucked viciously at a tuft of grass
and ilung it from him with a curse.

  “By gracious, it makes me sick! Here
we’re all ready to fly at each other’s throats
over a lot of baubles from sick oysters.

- the brutes! What the - did you

saddle this on to me for, Walt?”

  Effingham laid aside the completed gar-
ment, lazily rolled a cigaret and threw him-
self back at full length.

  “Don’t be an ass, Tommie! There are a
dozen reasons. I’ll give you just a few.
For one, you are head and shoulders above
that part of the gang—that’s understood.
If there had been any attempt at a division
of the pearls we would have begun murder-
ing each other at once for the other man’s
share; not at your initiative or mine, but we
would have had to take part for self-pro-
tection. I don’t believe you quite under-
stand yet, Tommie, the innate villainy in a
gang of this sort.

  “If either Welsh or Frenchy had charge
of the pearls you’d never see one of them
again; and they would cut the throats of
Cox or Davison if either of those weak
brethren were in charge, without turning
a hair. I’d have assumed the responsibility
myself, but there are times when I’m pretty
helpless, Tommie—coughs and hemorrhages
you know—and couldn’t hold my own in a
scrap, when, as it is, I’m standing back of
you in any trouble that comes along.”

  “I suppose,” said Tom with a touch of
bitterness, “that one of the ways to do that
is to stick Joey outside my tent with a gun.
I’ve been trying to get to the wherefore of
that all morning.”

  Effingham made no reply. Instead he
deliberately rolled a cigaret and handed
the bag of tobacco to Tom. As Tom held
out his hand to receive it something else,
round and hard and shiny, fell into his
palm. He dropped the tobacco and stared,
for the thing he held was the locket he had
thrown away so recklessly over a fortnight
before. Effingham gave the short, dry
chuckle that, with him, passed for
laughter.

  “Your property, I believe, Tommie. Par-
don me for changing the subject.”
30

Adventure

  “Yes, it’s mine! But how on earth—
where did you get it?”

  “Joey found jt. Ke’s a good lad, Joey.
He brought it to me, and I had an idea it was
yours. Joey wasn’t sure, because your de-
scription of it never got home. He thought
you had lost a ten-dollar piece.”

  He sat up suddenly.

  “Now, Tommie, another thing! I take it
that your share in these pearls means a
whole lot to you—more than a splurge at
Honolulu or San Francisco and then knock-
ing around this forsaken part of the universe
the rest of ybur life?”

  “Of course. I mean to get square with
myself if I can. I owe myself that much,
and this ought to be a start in the right
direction.”

  “I know—I know! And there’s usually
some reason why a decent white man hits
the beach in the first place. Sometimes it’s
booze, and then again it isn’t. You see,
Tommie,” he continued, dreamily gazing
off into space, “tehe game is pretty nearly
up with me. My interest isn’t exactly in
the pearls, for not one of them will ever be
of any use to me.”

  Tom felt a warm wave of sympathy.
  “Don’t! Don’t say that, old chap——”
  Effingham waved his cigaret lightly.

  “The bell’s rung for the curtain; no use
talking about it,” said he. “Go on, Tom-
mie, if you ca're to.”

  It was the first time he had ever put aside
his careless, half-mocking air either to give
or ask a confidence. He was looking up at
the sky with his usual impersonal expres-
sion, but Tom saw that there was a touch
of melancholy in the thin, sallow face, and
something welled up within him. It was a
new respect and liking, a feeling of brother-
hood and kinship for the doomed man; and
with it, too, a longing for the confidence
and support of the latent spiritual strength
in the wasting body.

  He did not understand Effingham and
the psychic quality of his almost uncanny
intuition and unerring judgment, nor did he
comprehend the dauntless spirit that would
condescend to no weakness, nor brook any
man’s sympathy. He did, however, appre-
ciate the tragic pathos of Effingham’s con-
dition and his inevitable fate being •worked
out on this desolate island. He felt the
man’s magnetism, and choked with un-
spoken sympathy. He told finally without
leserve of the Girl, the disastrous cruise of

the Hyperion, and his plans and resolutions.

  Effingham listened thoughtfully, smoking
an endless chain of cigarets.

  “Why don’t you go to her when you’ve
got straightened out and tell her the truth
about it?” he asked when Tom had finished.

  “Why should I?” said Tom bitterly. “She
never gave me a chance in the first place,
and she wouldn’t believe me now. No,
that’s over and done with. I’ve got to
make a fresh start, live down this four
years of rotten worthlessness, and in time
I’ll forget the whole business.”

  “You’re a pretty good fellow, Tommie,
if I do say it to your face. Get the gin out
of your system, some decent clothes, and
decent people round you and you’ll be a
better man; and remember one axiom—the
only thing a woman worth whilg won’t
tolerate in a man is weakness. I don’t
mean weakness from our point of view like,
say, drunkenness. I mean a falling below
her standard, whatever it happens to be.
Give me a light!”

   He lit a fresh cigaret.

  “It’s been good of you to tell me all this,
and I’ll tell you a yam to explain what I
mean. It will take but a few minutes
There was once a man I knew ‘who came
from pretty good stock—his father was a
peer of England—and he was trained in
most of the accomplishments that go to
make up what we call a gentleman. . He
was a fairly decent fellow, with some
strength of character—misdirected, it is true,
on account of his environment. Among a
great many others he had one serious fault—
he was rather frail of physique.

  “As he had something more than ordinary
skill in various ways to make up for it, and
a tolerably well-ordered brain, this did not
occur to him as a fault till a certain period
in his life. He was a younger son, this man,
very wild and a spendthrift, quite unlike
his stolid, beefy older brothers, and in the
natural course of events he finally found
himself in Shanghai drawing a quarterly
remittance from home.

  “He was, I will not say superior to, but
different from, the thousands of his kind
who loaf about the clubs and saloons. In a
few years he was making a great deal of
money and was besides something of a
social factor and a man of importance.

  “Then he married. She was the daughter
of an English army officer, a member of the
gayer social set, and it is likely that he
Brethren of the Beach

31

dazzled her at first when they were mar-
ried, for she was an admirer of the rugged,
athletic type of man.

  “That was her standard, and this frail
chap would not ordinarily have appealed to
her. As for him, it is enough to say that
he worshiped her and was blind to a num-
ber of faults and indiscretions.

  “Well, to cut it short, there came a
schooner-yacht into port. The captain and
owner was a great, handsome brute of a
creature, full of masculine magnetism, and
about as thorough-paced a scoundrel as ever
walked a deck. His record became public
afterward. He entertained lavishly aboard,
and there were always card games and
women in evidence. The fellow became a
kind of fad with a certain element, and the
man I’m telling you of often visited aboard
with his wife.

  “One night he was one of a party selected
for the cheap form of swindle by which the
yachtsman lived, and after the drinks had
circulated freely a round of cold hands was
dealt for the purpose of fleecing the guests.
The frail man—who knew all about manipu-
lating cards—detected the thing at once
and exposed it on the spot.

  “Now there are two things that belong
with the story. One is that the man had
developed something the matter with his
lungs and was more frail than ever; and the
other that his wife had often been aboard
the yacht alone, ostensibly as a guest of the
women. It is well to remember, too, that
the man had seen a good many of the high
ideals he had clung to toppled over. A
man 14 not as exacting in the matter of
standards as a woman.

  “There was an uproar in the yacht’s
cabin. The yachtsman owned to the
attempted swindle, but he proceeded to
beat the frail man, who had no weapons fit
to defend himself with, to within an inch
of his life, so that he was carried ashore
insensible. The next morning the yacht
was gone and the man’s wife with it.

  “Now this chap wasn’t one who would try
to hold a woman against her will, nor set
any obstacle in her way if she loved another
man who cared for her and did the fair
thing, but a year later he got a letter from
her from Melbourne where she had been
deserted. Before he could get help to her
she starved to death. That’s all. It’s a
pretty sordid story.”

  Effingham sat up and threw away his

cigaret-stub. He had told the story with-
out a trace of emotion.

  “Br-r-rgh! I’m as shaky as a leaf. If
I don’t take a few drinks I shall have a
coughing fit.”

  “But what did you—what did the man
do?” asked Tom.

  “Nothing much. Things dropped away
from him, so to speak. He had cared for
her enough to wish for her happiness at the
expense of his own. Afterward he hunted
the other man over a deal of blue water and
dry land till his business went to pot and
his money was gone.

  “Now, Tommie, to change the subject,
this election as treasurer and guardian of
the pearls isn’t going to stand. They won’t
have it, and I only suggested it in the first
place as a respite till something better
turned up, so we can look for that trouble
you’ve been anticipating right soon. Hello,
I shouldn’t wonder if this is it!”

CHAPTER XI

A FRIENDLY GAME

A LITTLE group was approaching,
led by Welsh'and Douchet. Behind
came the two remittance-men, their arms
lovingly twined about each other’s necks.
In one hand Cox brandished a half-emptied
gin-bcttle. Douchet’s small, white teeth
were bared in a coyote-like snarl.

  Welsh’s eyes were bloodshot and his face
flushed a deep red. He beamed boozily
upon Tom and Effingham with an expansive
grin that was meant to appear affable; but
there was a furtive, self-conscious air about
the big man that was perfectly transparent.

  “Mate,” said he to Tom as they seated
themselves, “we’ve ’ad a bit of a cornference
about these votes yesterday and wants to
talk it over. No ’ard feelin’s, o’ course.
Suppose we all ’as a drink first.”

  Cox passed the bottle, which was soon
emptied.

  “Well,” said Tom, outwardly calm.
“What is it?”

  “W’y,” said Welsh, licking his lips, “it
seems like a bit too much to arsk of one man
to tyke charge of all them pearls. Too
much responsibility, like.”

  “Yas!” said Douchet. “Dose pearls don’
belong one man. Dey belong us h’all.
I like mine in my ’ands so I can feel ’em de
’ole tam. Da’s me!”
32

Adventure

  “ ’Old on, Frenchy, none o’ your cuttin’
in! You see, Matthews,” 'Welsh continued

argumentatively, “it’s-to sit tight ’ere

till Wiggins comes with nothin’ to do but
shovel guano into bags when we all ’ave
money as good as in the bank. We fidges
an’ fusses an’ no one ’arf satisfied, ’less it’s
you that ’as the swag.

  “W’y not ’ave a bit o’ fun to'parse the
time? * ’Ow?’ says you. W’y, divvy up the
pearls. We don’t care if there is a mistyke
of a few pounds in the long run. We’ll
leave the division to you, so being you’re
treasurer, if you like, an’ no questions
arsked. Then we can ’ave a friendly turn-
up with the cards that’ll liven things up on
this forsaken roost.’’

  Tom looked from face to face and saw no
sympathy. All were looking at him expec-
tantly, waiting in suspense for his reply.

  “There’s no earthly use my telling you
you’re a pack of fools,” said he. “Suppose
that I refuse to give them up?”

  Welsh looked everywhere but at the
speaker as if embarrassed.

  “W’y,” said he softly, “then there’ll be
just that many more for the rest of us.”
Tom grew red to the ears, then a cold
rage came over him. He rose to his feet,
struggling for self-control, and when he
spoke his voiee was low and even.

  “You blackguard! You bushranging
thief! You dare threaten me? Get up on
your feet; I’m going to fight you!”

  Welsh looked up, an expression of almost
ludicrous astonishment on his face, then got
slowly to his feet. He was a formidable
creature. His low, sloping forehead was
muscled ovejr the heavy red brows like the
Farnese Hercules, and his great shoulder
muscles peaked up to his ears. He towered
over Tom a good five inches and outweighed
him by seventy-five pounds. He stood for
a moment flexing his huge biceps, facing
Tom, the look of wonder deepening on his
face.

  “I say, Tommie,” broke in Davison, “cut
it, old chap! It’s a fair sportin’ proposition
to gamble for the bally things. I’ve more
than half agreed with Reddy, and so has
Cox here. It ain’t as if we couldn’t trust
you. We want the fun. Let’s be friends
and quit ragging.”

  Effingham had been lying on his back,
smiling and unmoved.

  “Tommie,” said he, “you’re outnum-
bered, old man. It isn’t so almighty unfair

for the majority to ask a reconsideration
under the circumstances. Now I’m in favor
of a little friendly game myself; so we’re
five to one against you. Hand over the
loot!”

  Tom raged inwardly and his eyes still
blazed at Welsh. Physically he had no
chance with the giant, but he was angry
enough to have fought a mad bull. He
groped in the breast of his pajamas, tore
the pouch from the strand of fiber that held
it round his neck and flung it on the ground.

  “Have it your own way, you-fools!”

said he savagely. “There’ll be some scores
to settle over this yet!”

^5 3 ^HE Pearls constituting the “bank”
^ ^ were sorted out and placed in sev-
eral small calabashes, each supposed
to hold gems of equal value. The small,
irregular pearls in one calabash were rated
at twenty-five cents; the next grade at half
a dollar, and so on, in progression. The
four finer gems had a calabash to them-
selves and ranked at fifty dollars apiece.
The values were purely fictifious, of course,
and assumed for the sake of simplicity in
cashing in the chips, but the arrangement
was as fair as possible.

  It took some pains to arrive at all this,
but in the end all were satisfied, and the
wooden chips were carefully counted out
and divided equally among the sextet.
The assumed’ value of the chips coincided
with that of the pearls, and the few that
were left were carefully destroyed at Effing-
ham’s suggestion.

  Effingham took the four large pearls in
the hollow of his hand and studied them
with interest. Three of them were a soft,
smoky gray, of the kind known as black
pearls; the fourth was a delicate pink.

  “Beautiful, useless things,” said he, mus-
ingly. “Curious, isn’t it, that most fine
gems have blood on them? These four,
now! Who knows what deviltry they’ll stir
up before some fool buys them for a wo-
man’s neck? I think I’ll win these my-
self!”

  “Your deal, Matthews,” said Welsh
sharply as Tom cut a deuce.

  Tom shared in full the suppressed excite-
ment as he dealt the cards. The game of
draw poker had taken a new and tre-
mendous importance. Each shuffle of the
cards had a bearing on his future; every
hand played would be a crisis. And though
Brethren of the Beach

33

his mind was centered on the cards and the
players every detail of the game and its
properties was filed away, never to be for-
gotten, in his subconscious memory.

  The lanai was well sheltered by mimosa
on one side and the windbreak of canvas
on the other; but there was a stir in the air,
and the windbreak bellied and swayed while
the leaves of the flimsy roof rustled and
slatted loose in the heavy gusts. The birds
had finished nesting and bustled about un-
easily, ready for their long flight northward.
Some of them invaded the lanai and wad-
dled impudently about, peering curiously at
the group of players and quite fearless.

  The wind had hauled to the south, and
the sun set coldly in a sea of pale yellow.
The palms creaked protestingly, and little
vortices of sand went spinning along the
beach. The surf broke heavily on the reef
and the air was laden with the portent of
a southerly storm.

  With the exception of Effingham, who
always in some mysterious manner managed
to clothe himself in white-duck trousers,
sandals and a clean shirt, they were all clad
in pajamas, soiled and ragged and stained,
the shiftless uniform of low latitudes; every
man in his bare feet, and all of them weath-
er-beaten and hard of feature. Behind them
squatted the Kanakas, born gamblers at
heart, fascinated by the tensity of the game
and criticizing the play in whispers.

  Douchet won the first pot. He played
most card games well, but his Gallic tem-
perament interfered with his proficiency at
poker. He scooped in the chips greedily.

  “Bad luck, Frenchy,” said Cox. “You’ll
catch it later on.”

  “You watch me an’ play your ’and the
bes’ you know how,” replied Douchet with
a sneer. “Maybe you catch somesing your-
self!”

  They played with varying luck for many
hours. At nightfall the Kanakas brought
lanterns and the game went on uninterrupt-
ed. No one thought of food. With the
pearls before their eyes each played a close,
careful game, and the taut strain of excite-
ment lasted from beginning to end. There
were no songs and only such conversation
as applied to the game. They were sparing
of drinks at first, but toward morning their
last case of gin was broached and a bottle
placed beside each man.

  When any one laughed it was high-
pitched and nervous. There were several

   3

sharp arguments over various plays, but no
serious dispute until toward morning when
Effingham, having won a considerable sum,
counted out fifty dollars’ worth of chips, put
these in the calabash and took out a black
pearl, which he laid beside his other chips.

   “ ’Ere,” said Welsh, “that’ll never do!
 No cashin’ in till the gyme’s over!”

  “And why not?”

   “Because, wot ’ave we got these counters
 for? We’ll ’ave the ’ole bally business in
 a mess first thing we know.”

   “I’ve played some poker, but I never
heard of a rule to prevent a man cashing in
all or a part of his winnings at any stage of
the game. I’m playing for those four pearls,
Reddy, if I can get them; but you’ve got
more than enough chips yourself; why not
take one, too?”

   It was a “bluff” on Effingham’s part, but
 it sufficed. Welsh actually did, at the sug-
 gestion of the superior mind, exchange
 fifty dollars’ worth of chips for a pearl.
 Then Effingham, soon after, having Welsh’s
 hand alone against him, deliberately tossed
 his pearl into the pot for a fifty-dollar
 raise. Welsh was obliged to meet it with his
 own pearl in order to call, and Effingham
 took the pot.

   There was a lengthy argument at this,
the contention being that it took too many
chips out of circulation and that a man
should not cash in unless he wished to with-
draw. Effingham settled the debate by
calmly putting back the pearls and taking
the chips.

   “You fellows are perfectly correct,” said
 he. “I only wanted to establish a prece-
 dent. It is now understood that we play
 for chips only and that not a pearl can be
 taken till we cash in. At the same time I
 consider I’ve won these two fairly and claim
 the privilege of exchanging chips for them
 when the game is over, if I have them. I’ve
 told you I intend to win those four—any
 objections?”

  “No!” snapped Douchet. He was a
heavy winner. “Deal do9e cards!”

AT DAWN they were still playing.
The boys now brought them food,
which they ate mechanically, with-
out stopping the game.

  Toward noon Davison went broke; The
long hours and strain told on his gross body,
and his was no match for the clearer heads

 -	of the others. He was, in fact, stupidly
34

Adventure

drowsy when he played away his last few
chips, and without a word he staggered
outside, threw himself on the sand and was
instantly fast asleep.

  Cox lost his last chip at about five in the
afternoon. During the last few hands he
had sat trembling, his face pale and pathet-
ically drawn; and when the end came he
appeared dazed, plucking at his lower lip
and gazing wistfully at the pearls; strangely
enough, with the same fatuous smile under
his tawny, sunburned mustache. Then he,
too, went sound asleep, rolling over where
he sat.

  At midnight he awoke and sat up, blink-
ing. Then his roving eyes took in the situ-
ation, and he clapped his hands to his fore-
head.

  “Oh, my God!” he cried, and threw him-
self at full length, his head in his arms, his
whole body shaking with hysterical sobbing.

  Outside, beyond the windbreak, they
heard Davison’s voice mumbling as if he
were only half awake; and then he began to
sing, low and haltingly, as if the song came
from a half-forgotten past—

          “I’m wearing awa’, Jean,

          Like the snow in a thaw, Jean;

          I’m wearing awa’ .

To the land o’ the leal.”

  It struck Matthews like a blow, for the
simple Scotch ballad was the favorite of
the Girl at Home. He had never heard it
sung with the pathos and expression in the
drunken beach-comber’s voice. He had
been playing as greedily and mercilessly as
the others, at a high nervous tension, and
it lifted him from the game momentarily
like a shock.

  He looked at the groveling Cox with a
sense of shame and pity. What a ghastly
business they were about!

  He was ready to flame out with a hot pro-
test against the game when he caught
Effingham’s gaze fixed upon him steadily.
Effingham was smiling slightly as if he di-
vined Tom’s thought, and his eyes shifted
meaningly to the others.

  Douchet was leaning forward, his whole
meager soul centered on the cards in
Effingham’s hand, waiting for the deal.
The snarl on his Ups was more wolfish than
ever, and the man was actually quivering
with sheer cupidity.

  Welsh sat with his huge forearms on his
knees, his hands clenched till the knuckles
showed white, his heavy jaw shot forward

and his little eyes gleaming like twin sparks
under the shaggy, overhanging brows.

  “It’s been a long session,” said Effingham.
“Want to cash in, anybody?”

  “Deal!” said Welsh roughly. “It’s a
freeze-out now. ’Ole ’og or none!”

  Effingham rolled and lighted a cigaret,
riffled the cards several times in his lean,
sensitive fingers, passed them to Tom for
the cut, and swiftly dealt them round.
Tom was well ahead of the game; Welsh and
Douchet had nearly the same number of
chips apiece; and Effingham had neatly
piled in front of him counters to the exact
amount of two hundred dollars. As Dou-
chet picked up his cards they all saw the
exulting gleam in his eye.

  Nevertheless Welsh shoved a handful of
chips into the pot. Tom looked at his hand
and counted out the requisite number to
make good. Ordinarily he would have
raised, but Douchet’s gleeful face and
Welsh’s readiness made him cautious.

  Effingham dropped, and Douchet, with
a Gallic whoop of joy threw in four kou-
wood chips. Welsh studied, glowering, for
a while; then with a deep curse made good,
and Tom did the same.

  Then Effingham did a curious thing.
Taking his discarded hand he deliberately
tore it across twice and threw the frag-
ments over his shoulder.

  “Cards, gentlemen?” said he calmly.

  Douchet took one; Welsh two; and Tom,
his voice as hoarse as a crow’s, called for
one and picked it up with a hand shaking
like a leaf. Instantly Welsh shoved his
whole pile forward, picked up his gin bottle
and drank a full half-pint of the raw spirit.

  Without waiting for Tom to bet, Douchet,
with a laugh that was almost a scream,
threw his own chips in and reached out
his hands like grapples, ready to scoop in
the pot, his eyes gloating on the calabashes
of pearls.

  “Hold on, Frenchy! Show them down
first!” cried Tom as he counted out chips
to close the pot.

  “Four queens!” bellowed Welsh.

  “Four h’aces!” screamed Douchet. “Beat
zat, you-fools!”

  “Gentlemen,” said Tom, “I have a small
straight flush!” and laid down a flush in
hearts from the deuce to the six.

  For a moment there was absolute silence.
Then Douchet sprang up, his knife in his
hand. But Cox reached out suddenly and
Brethren of the Beach

35

caught him by the ankle, effectually tripping
him up. Then he rose and stamped on
Douchet’s fingers till the Frenchman
dropped the knife and finished by kicking
him heartily in the ribs.

“Take that, you-cur!” he cried, still

sobbing hysterically. “Can’t you take
your medicine like a gentleman?”

Welsh had risen to his knees and clutched
at Tom, but Effingham had a heavy black
revolver in his hand.

“Drop that, Reddy!” said he sharply.

He hastily dumped the pearls together
into one calabash.

“Here, Tommie, take ’em. Mine too.

No time to settle it now. Joey, you go stop
Tomi’s house, see no one stealum. You no
sleep! Take care of yourself now, Tommie;
mind your eye! I’m—I’m all in!”

He had no sooner spoken than a terrible
fit of coughing seized him, a red foam ap-
peared on his lips, and he fell over in a dead
faint.

Tom caught up the revolver and emptied
the pearls into the oilskin pouch.

“Now,” said he, “there’s been enough of
this foolery! You’ve had your fun and
I hope you’re all satisfied. Hereafter you *
let me alone, all of you, and don’t try any
monkey tricks unless you want a taste of lead.

“I’ve won these things and I’m going to
hold them; but if you stand off I’ll play
fair, and more. When the time comes I’ll
give every one of you a share. Try any
dirty work and you won’t get it!”

Cox had been hanging on his words as
a condemned man might listen to a reprieve.

He sprang forward, caught Tom by the hand
and wrung it, the .tears falling down his
gaunt, leathery cheeks.

“God bless you for that, Tommie! God
bless you!” he cried, his voice hoarse and
shaking.

Outside the lanai Davison’s voice had
risen into stronger volume:

 “There’s nae sorrow there, Jean;

       There’s neither cauld nor care, Jean.

       The day is aye fair

 In the land o’ the leal.”

CHAPTER XII

NIGHT AMONG THE TREES

'C'FFINGHAM, like Tom, occupied one
of the tents. When Tom had secured
the pearls he helped Joey get the sick man
to his bunk and sat with him till Effingham

 recovered from his fainting spell and fell into
 normal sleep. Then Tom went to his own
 tent and lay down.

   Body and brain had reached the limit
 of endurance. It occurred to him that he
 ought to find a hiding-place for the pearls at
 once, but he was too exhausted to make the
 effort. Just as he was falling asleep Joey,
 who had stationed himself outside with
 a rifle, put his head in through the flap of
 the tent.

   “Tomi,” said he, “I stop here outside;
 maybe bimeby tired I ’fraid I moemoe
 (sleep). Then I speak Keola, he come.”

   “All right, Joey,” said Tom drowsily;
 “now clear out!”

   And immediately he lost consciousness.

   He awoke in the pitch darkness that pre-
 cedes dawn, his senses tingling and alert.
 He could see absolutely nothing, but some-
 thing was moving inside the tent. Some-
 thing that breathed heavily was stealthily
 crawling toward his bunk! He had taken
 the precaution to keep Effingham’s revolver
 strapped to his wrist by the leather thong,
 and it fell naturally into his palm as he rose
 to a sitting posture.

   “Is that you, Joey?” he called.

   There was no reply. Instinctively he
 clutched at his breast. The pearls were
 gone! At the instant of discovery he fired in
 the direction of the sound, and by the flash
 saw a form rising from the ground and
 a livid face with a knife in its teeth. Be-
 fore he could fire again he was grappling
 with a snarling, rabid creature that sprang
 at him bodily and clutched his throat. He
 knew it was Douchet.

  The man was panting with hate and
 passion, and though Tom was far stronger
 and heavier, for a moment the Frenchman
 had him at a disadvantage. He stabbed
 viciously with the knife, and by sheer luck
 Tom parried the blow with his arm and
 caught Douchet by the wrist. The French-
 man’s teeth sank into his other arm and
 Tom staggered, missed his footing and fell
 backward, carrying the tent with him.

   Both he arid Douchet were still struggling,
 but they were soon involved in the folds of
 the tent and practically helpless. Tom
 wriggled and fought with the heavy canvas
 to free himself, when he felt some one haul-
 ing at it from the outside.

   Presently he spun round in the folds; the
 tent came away clear, and he was lying on
 his back blinking at a light shining in his
36

Adventure

eyes. Davison stood near, holding a lan-
tern, while Welsh, who had tom away the
tent, towered over him, his eyes bloodshot
and ablaze with ferocity. Douchet who
had tumbled sprawling out of the folds, was
rising to his feet.

  Near by, lying on its back, its arms out-
spread in the form of a crucifix, lay the dead
body of Keola, the Hawaiian.

  Welsh fell upon Tom and pinned him
down. With a great paw he tore open the
tunic of his pajamas and fumbled at his
breast.

  “Where are those pearls?” he roared.
“Wot ’ave you done with ’em?”

  Tom, whose breath was clean gone, made
no reply. Welsh sprang up, caught Douchet
by the hair and shook him clear of the
ground.

  “You French rat!” he cried. “Wot the

-are you doin’ ’ere? Answer me that,

you traitor!”

  “I—I come for dose pearl,” gasped the
Frenchman. “I come to keel ’im for dose
pearl!”

  “ ’Ave you got ’em?”

  “No! He shoot at me an’ den ze -

tent come down. I try to get hecm wit’ my
knife.”

  Welsh tore at the Frenchman’s clothing
and explored his person thoroughly, leaving
him nearly naked, but the pearls were not
to be found.

  “Look out, Reddy!” called Davison sud-
denly, for Tom had risen to his feet.

  The revolver still hung from his wrist by
the leather thong, and he raised it and fired
point blank at Welsh. But his arm was
aching from Douchet’s bite, the giant’s
figure was merely spectral in the dancing
light of the lantern, and the shot went wide.
Welsh reached him with a bound, tore the
weapon from his grasp, and struck him with
his fist, full in the face.

  Tom did not wholly lose consciousness.
He felt himself being trussed up in some
fashion and then dragged bodily along the
ground as they dragged sacks of guano.
He smelled the sickish odor of trade gin,
a warm liquor flooded his mouth and burned
his lips and, gasping and coughing, he came
to his senses.

  He was sitting under a tree, his back
against it. His ankles were bound together
and his arms hauled above his head by a
rope tied tightly around each of his thumbs.

  Welsh stood confronting him, the ends

of the ropes, which had been cast over the
limb of a tree, in his hand. Davison, with
the light, was holding a gin-bottle to his
lips. Douchet stood by, the bare knife in
his hand, and in the rear Cox hovered, his
erubescent nose gleaming on a face as white
as chalk, his smile gone for once, and anx-
iety and fear in his eyes.

  Beyond the circle of light it was pitch
dark; but far off on the horizon, just barely
visible, was the first thin streak of dawn.
The palms creaked and bent in the strong
wind, and the air was dank and sodden with
the approaching storm.

  Inland the birds rustled and chattered
uneasily, and Tom could hear from Effing-
ham’s tent the sick man’s steady, tearing
cough. His mind registered these impres-
sions vaguely, for he was still dazed, and his
arms ached horribly from the tension on
his thumbs. Welsh gave the ropes a jerk.
“Stand up!” said he harshly.

  He was drunk and swaying on his feet,
a terrible figure of primitive passion and
power. Tom rose in response to his tug at
the rope.

  “Matthews, where are those pearls?”

  “I don’t know. One of you swine who
wanted to gamble for them and lost has
stolen them.”

  “You lie! You’ve ’idden them. Give
them up or tell where they are! If you

don’t-”

  He gave another pull on the rope and
Tom felt exquisite anguish thrill through
his arms. The monstrous injustice and
brutality of the thing filled him with blind
rage.

  “You-brutes!” he cried. “I tell you

they’re gone and even if I had them I’d see

you all to -! You’ve stolen them—

after I’d promised you a share, too. You
can kill me, you cowardly blackguards—
you’re four to one. If you don’t I’ll pay
you for this!”

  “Oh, I say, stop this!”

  It was Cox’s voice, tremulous but reso-
lute.

  “Let that man alone! He’s a good
chum, Tommie is, and he’s played square;
he’s the only square one among us. What
a cursed pack of brutes you are!”

  Douchet turned with an oath and men-
aced him with his knife. Cox retreated
hurriedly.

  “I haven’t a weapon, blast you,” said
he, “but I’m going to get one!”
Brethren of the Beach

37

  “Matthews,” said Welsh, “give in! Tell
where the bloomin’ things are and we’ll
whack up again. I’ve nothing against you,
man, but that story of whackin’ up when
you’re good an’ ready, while we stands
’oppin’ from one foot to the other, don’t go
down. You can’t ’ave all that swag to
yourself. Do you squeal?”

  Tom ground his teeth and his eves blazed,
but he made no reply. Welsh gathered the
ropes and hauled viciously. Tom was
jerked almost clear of the ground, every
joint from thumb to shoulder seeming to
rend apart. His eyes started from his head
and the sweat broke out all over his body.
The pulses in his head drummed frantically
and waves of red fluid seemed flowing over
his eyeballs. There was a sudden dull
sound, and, as if from a blow, Welsh leaped
in the air, then plunged headforemost into
the sand.

  There was no sound of a shot; nothing
had stirred apparently, and excepting for
the wind in the trees it was so still that Tom
could hear the ceaseless coughing of Effing-
ham in Ills tent. The taut ropes relaxed;
Tom’s arms fell to his side, quite benumbed;
and he fumbled helplessly at the ropes to
release himself. Douchet stood facing him
for an instant with a startled expression,
then, snarling like a wild beast, he leaped
at Tom, his knife in his hand, his arm
raised to strike.

  The blow never fell. Tom heard a soft
thud, something like the impact of a man’s
tist on a sack of meal; the Frenchman threw
up his arms with a gurgling cry; his whole
body went limp and he collapsed in a heap,
lie writhed spasmodically for a moment,
then lay still. A heavy knife was buried in
his ribs, the hilt protruding beneath his
arm!

  Tom with his own knife cut the ropes
from his hands and ankles, sprang forward,
and snatched the revolver from Welsh’s
belt. Davison stood stupefied, his flabby
jowls hanging and his eyes staring.

  Welsh rolled over and sat up. He felt the
side of his head dazedly, and his hand came
away covered with blood. Something had
shattered and torn the cartilage of his ear.
He got to his feet unsteadily—to find Tom
confronting him with the revolver.

  “Hold hard there, Welsh! Not a move or
you’ll never make another. The tables are
turned, you see.”

  Welsh looked stupidly at his bloody hand,

then about him till his eye caught the body
of Douchet.

  “So they are,” said he. “You’ve done
for that chap. ’E’s good an’ dead, ’e is.
But wot ’it me?”

  Cox came running up with a rifle. When
he saw the situation he stared and gaped in
bewilderment.

  “Why, what’s all this? I thought—
I say, Tommie, good for you! Davie, you
-scoundrel, what do you mean by stand-
ing in with those blackguards? Haven’t
you a rag of honor left? Why couldn’t you
take Tommie’s word? Now you’ve ruined
the lot of us.”

  Davison stood sullenly, holding the lan-
tern and looking down, and made no reply.

  “Don’t be too sure of that, Cox,” said
Matthews. “Wait till the pearls turn up.
This is only the beginning of this business.
As for you, Davison, I esteem you as what
Cox said you are. You’re mean and con-
temptible enough,- knows, but you’re

a poor figure as a ruffian. I’d have been
white to you, man; as it is I’ll pay you in full
for your part in this.”

  “So be it!” said Davison sulkily, tugging
at his mustache. “By gad, sir, it’s easy for
you to talk, standing there with a gun at
our heads; and it was easy enough for you
to promise things with your blasted cock-of-
the-walk air and supercilious manner after
winning all the pearls. The rest of us are
ruined men. I haven’t a-rag of con-
science left; but, by gad, I’d rather steal
from you outright than stand around wait-
ing for you to dole out largess.”

  Welsh stood with his hand to his shat-
tered ear, but his big body was set and his
eyes alert for any advantage. Tom kept
the revolver moving from him to Davison,
his finger on the trigger.

  “By George,” said he, “if I were like you
two I’d kill you both in your tracks! Un-
fortunately I have a prejudice against cold-
blooded murder. One of you, probably
Douchet, killed Keola; and one of you stole
the pearls. You strung me up here when
you were three to one—Cox wasn’t in that,
I believe. You’re two to one, now, and
you’ll never have another chance. I’ll be
ready for you next time.”

  It was daybreak, and yellow streaks were
shooting up from the eastern rim of the
sea, struggling through layers of sullen
clouds. Joey came running up out of
breath.
38

/Adventure

   “Ehipi (ship),” he cried excitedly; “e-
 hipi come!”

CHAPTER XIII

“COMMODORE” FRAWLEY ARRIVES

HE four men looked at one another.

  “My -!” said Welsh. “It’s old

 man Wiggins, an’ we’ve left all that shell on
 the bloomin’ beach! If Wiggins sees it
 ’e’ll leave us all ’ere to rot ’less ’e gets ’is
 ’ands on the pearls!”

. They ran toward the beach and followed
it, past the dwellings and the neglected
shell, to the low hill where Effingham stood
looking through the telescope. The wind-
rack was flying low, the sea was dotted
with whitecaps, and to the southward the
horizon was blurred with a dingy brown,
like a pall of smoke.

   Off the eastern end of the island, not
 more than five miles away, a schooner
 under full sail was bearing down to the
 anchorage. That it was not their own ship
 they saw at a glance, for the Mamaloa
 carried square foretopsails and this was a
 straight fore-and-after. Moreover, she was
 clean and white, with none of the dingy
 ■ look of a trader.

   “What do you make of her, Walt?” asked
 Tom anxiously.

   “Nothing definite,” Effingham replied;
 “I’ve a shrewd guess, though. Whether
 I’m right or not, you can mark one thing—
 that schooner is not here on a pleasure
 trip.”

   “What’s the guess, old man?”

   Effingham closed the telescope with a
snap.

   “Have you ever heard,” he asked, “of a
 man called ‘Commodore’ Frawley?”

  “Frawley,” said Tom; “why he’s the
other man who applied for the charter,
isn’t he?”

  “The same. The man who applied for,
and in all probability has it. At any rate
his coming means one thing—trouble,
short, sharp and sudden; especially when he
sees all that shell lying around loose.
Now’s the time to bury those pearls of
yours, Tom.”

   “I would if I had them to bury. They
were stolen from me last night.”

  “What! Stolen?”

   “They were stolen by some one who will
 answer for it later, unless it was Douchet
 who is lying dead up there under the trees.

Reddy the bushranger took a fancy to
string me up by the thumbs a while ago,
Effingham, for what reason the Lord only
knows, as the pearls were already gone.
There was some shooting, and I wonder
you didn’t hear the racket.”

  “You can lie all you want about the
pearls, Matthews,” said Welsh grimly;
“but you’d ’ave been strung up proper if I
’adn’t got that crack on the ’ead.”

  Effingham opened the telescope and
took another look at the schooner.

  “I did hear a shindy of some kind,”
said he, “but I was too used up to take
much interest. I saw that your tent was
down, though, and that somebody had
knifed Keola.”

  He closed the telescope again and faced
them. Tom saw that there was a change
in the man. His languidly careless air was
gone, and his face was set with deep, pur-
poseful lines.

  “Those cursed pearls,” said he, “were
bound to make strife and trouble. They’ll
probably turn up later and lead to more
battle, murder and sudden death. Just
now there’s other important business on
hand, and we had better stand together till
it’s over. There’s about one chance in a
hundred that that schooner isn’t coming
here heeled for trouble, whether it’s Frawley
or not. It may be necessary to put up a
fight.”

  “Wot are we goin’ to fight with?” asked
Welsh.

  It was a problem indeed if the visitors
were well armed, which was almost a fore-
gone conclusion. Every man on the island
had a knife, but the only other armament
was a pin-fire shotgun, a couple of rifles,
one of them an old needle-gun such as the
German firm supplied for trade—about as
dangerous to the man who fired it as to any
one else—and three revolvers.

  “We haven’t much of an arsenal,” said
Tom. “Some of us ought to keep under
cover with it. In that way we’ll have the
drop on them, which will be that much ad-
vantage if it comes to a scrap. The rest
can be the reception committee.”

  “That’s good generalship,” said Effing-
ham. “If they are overhasty, though,
they may cut up rough with that com-
mittee.”

  “I’ll take that end of it,” said Tom.

  “Me, too,” said Welsh. “I’m not much
on the shoot, and if it comes to narstiness
Brethren of the Beach

39

I’d rather get these two fins on the man that
tries it.”

  “Walter,” said Tom, as they hurried to
get together the guns and ammunition,
“who killed Douchet? They think it was I,
but it wasn’t. And what the deuce was it
that bowled Welsh over? If I hadn’t
heard you coughing all the time, over in
your tent, I’d think you had a hand in it.”

  “My cough was pretty bad,” replied
Effingham. “I wasn’t capable of much
damage last night. Perhaps Joey knows
something. He’d be very sore on some one
about Keola, you know. The boys were
great friends.”	•

  The schooner came on in a smother of
foam and luffed in the little bay with a great
snapping of sail and creaking of blocks.
A boat put off at once, and as it grounded,
half a dozen men leaped out and ran it up
on the beach.

  The man who had wielded the nineteen-
foot steering-oar stepped ashore, halting a
moment to light the stub of a cigar which
he held clenched in his strong teeth. He
was tall, and very broad and powerful of
physique. His forehead was wide, the hair
gray about the temples, and his eyes deep-
sunken and of a cold, steely blue. He wore
white duck trousers, canvas shoes, carefully
pipe-clayed, and a blue serge jacket.

  He glanced about him shrewdly with a
masterful air of self-possession. Tom stood
with folded arms, leaning against the door-
way of a hut, talking to Effingham. As the
man stepped ashore Effingham gripped his
ajm, his fingers like steel bands.

  “That’s the man,” said he in a tense
whisper. “That’s Commodore Frawley!”

  Tom surveyed the visitor with interest as
he walked toward him on the beach. He
was a man whose name had supplied elabo-
rate material for gossip in various parts of
the world. The black sheep of an excellent
family who had long since repudiated him,
he had led a wayward and checkered exist-
ence as a sailor on the Great Lakes, news-
paper man, card-sharp and swindler, and
various other forms of activity. His pic-
ture adorned the Rogues’ Gallery in New
York City.

  At forty-five, polished, suave, a manly
and attractive figure, he had put through his
crowning achievement, which consisted in
acquiring by a partial payment one of the
finest schooner yachts in Gravesend Bay
and promoting a fantastic scheme for tour-

ing out-of-the-way parts of the world with a
party of writers and artists who were sup-
posed to produce material to be sold for
vast sums to newspaper syndicates and
magazines.

  He organized a company to equip the
yacht with essentials and luxuries and bear
the expenses of this extraordinary cruise,
which spoke well for his ability as a pro-
moter, for the project was more or less
chimerical and would never have held
water under proper investigation.

  Once beyond the three-mile limit, with
the master’s papers in his pocket, Frawley
forgot all about the company, except to
draw upon it for large sums until the com-
pany grew wary and finally withdrew its
support. The artists were dropped at
near-by ports; and Frawley, with the com-
pany’s money, began a piratical cruise of
three years which led him around the world
and eventually to the South Seas.

  He had flown commodore and vice-com-
modore flags of well-known yacht clubs,
regardless of the Yachting Register, and
thus earned the title of commodore, though
he had never held any executive office in
any yacht club. He had been received, by
virtue of letters furnished by the company,
at the most exclusive clubs in the civilized
ports of the world and maintained himself,
the yacht and its crew, by gambling and the
promotion of numerous swindling enter-
prises. He had a system of “cappers,”
and with his own personality he found easy
prey among the gullible.

  But the thing could not last. At the end
of three years his doings had attained a
wide publicity, and he found it impossible to
return on his tracks or make a port the
second time without finding trouble await-
ing him. Then the toils closed in on him,
and the yacht was finally seized at Auckland
under attachment and sold for more igno-
minious uses than a gentleman’s cruiser.

  Such was the audacity of Frawley that he
eventually bought the yacht for a song
through an agent, and turned his undoubted
talents into the hodge-podge scramble for
dollars in the South Seas.

  He had promoted schemes for planting
cacao and vanilla in Samoa, and was the
active, working member of an influential
Chinese firm in Canton which was inti-
mately concerned in island enterprise.
They bought copra, pearls and btcke-de-
vier, had a small fleet of schooners in trade;
40

Adventure

and of these and other activities “Commo-
dore” Frawley was the guiding spirit. In
spite of a bluff heartiness and geniality of
manner, it was said thatjio way of making
a dollar was too mean or dishonorable for
his consideration.

FRAWLEY came briskly along the
beach, his muscular hands thrust
in the pockets of his coat, puffing
at the stub of his cigar. Tom noted that
the crew of the whale-boat carried rifles.
Frawley cast a shrewd glance at the pearl-
shell, round which there still clung the
awful odor of rotten oysters, and sniffed
the air daintily as Tom and Welsh came
forward to meet him.

  “How are you, gentlemen?” said he.
“Nice place you have here, but I wouldn’t
recommend it as a health resort. The
stink of pearl-shell is pretty poisonous, not
to mention the guano.”

  “Glad to see you, sir,” said Tom menda-
ciously, for want of something better.
“We’ve been wondering what wind blew
you in. Come up and have a peg and tell us
about it.”

  “Certainly, boys,” said Frawley. “I’m
here on official business, but I’ll take a drink
with you. We’ve something to talk
over.”

  As they found seats in the lanai on
wooden packing-boxes Tom saw that the
schooner was tossing furiously at her short
cable. The impending storm was at hand
and the brown mist was sweeping closer
over the sea. Frawley’s eyes roved about
appraisingly while a Kanaka boy opened
one of the last bottles of gin.

  “Where are the others?” he asked.

  His question was partly answered by Cox
and Davison strolling over from one of the
huts. They were unable to restrain their
curiosity, and paid no attention to Tom’s
scowl of disapproval. Frawley nodded as
he poured himself a drink.

  “Come into the circle, you fellows. I
want you all to hear what I’ve got to say.
Meantime here’s luck!” and he tossed off
the drink.

  “Boys,” he continued, “this is a mighty
lonely station. I expect you’re rather tired
of it, eh?”

  “W’y that all depends,” said Welsh.
“Now to my mind this ’ere’s a cozy, tight
little island. Like ’ome to me, it is.”

  “I guess we can stick it out a while

longer,” said Tom dryly. “What is it,
Frawley?”

  “Well, if that’s the way you all feel, I
expect I’ve bad news for you. The fact
is I have the charter for working this
island.”

  “The-you say!” This from Welsh.

  “Fact! I’m surprized to find you fellows
here. I didn’t think Wiggins was fool
enough to make himself liable this way.
It’s a serious offense. However, that’s not
your fault, and as far as I can see no harm
has been done; only now the jig is up and
you’ll have to clear. , I don’t believe you’ll
mind changing to a sweeter atmosphere.
You must have had a rough time; and mind
you—” he swept a glance around the group
—“I’ve every intention of being reasonable. ’ ’

  Tom sat twirling his untasted drink
around in his tin cup.

  “What’s your proposition, commodore?”
he asked without raising his eyes.

  “Why, I’ll tell you. You fellows have
worked hard at the guano, it seems, and—
and getting out that shell. It saves me
just that much trouble, and as long as you
are paid for your labor I don’t suppose it
matters whether it’s Wiggins’ money or
mine. Then, of course, there’s that shell
and—and the pearls. Did I mention that
I knew there was shell here when I applied
for the charter?”

  Tom licked his dry lips.

  “Go on!” he said.

  Frawley looked from face to face, smiling
blandly. Tom sat looking steadily at the
tin cup in his hand. His indignation was
turning to hard, cold desperation as he
waited for the ultimatum.

  “I don’t imagine you want to work for
me,” continued Frawley, biting hard on his
cigar, “and anyway I don’t want you. So
I’m willing to give you a passage to any
port I make, or, if you prefer it, there’s your
own boat, a good able sea-boat, and I’ll
outfit you with provisions.

  “You are to turn over to me all the pearls
you found, and if they’re worth anything
I’ll give you five (per cent, of their value,
and in addition pay every one of you white
men a hundred dollars, gold, for the work
you’ve done. Come, now; I call that
liberal!”

  Welsh sprang up with an inarticulate
bellow. A clubbed rifle in the hands of one
of Frawley’s men struck him from behind,
and he fell sprawling.
Brethren of the Beach

4i

  Tom tugged at the revolver in his belt.
Frawley’s men were all on their feet, their
rifles cocked and held in readiness. Fraw-
ley stood watching Tom, his hands in his
coat pockets, his lips twitching with an
ironical smile.

  “I wouldn’t try anything rash,” said he
suavely. “You might regret it. My men
are ready to drill you at a word, and there’s
another boat-load just landing down below.
I’d as soon shoot or hang the lot of you for
a pack of thieves as not. Better take my
offer under consideration.”

  There was a hollow cough close by.
“Frawley!” said a soft, silken voice.
Effingham stood in the doorway of the
nearest hut, his elbow against the jamb,
his other hand resting lightly on his hip.
He appeared almost lazily calm and looked
at the commodore with his accustomed
half-mocking smile, but Tom saw that his
eyes were as hard as flint. The smile faded
from the commodore’s face, and Tom fan-
cied that he paled slightly under the
tan.

  “So, commodore,” said Effingham; “at
your old "tricks, eh?”

  “I’ve made myself plain,” said Frawley.
“If you’re one of this crew and heard me,
you understand well enough.”

  “Oh, I heard you, lout it wasn’t neces-
sary. The sight of you was enough to
show that there was something dirty on
foot. But it’s come to a show-down, com-
modore. Do you know what I think?

I	think you’ve-turned your last trick.”
  Frawley laughed harshly.

  “Efiingham, you’re a fool! The odds are
against you.”

  He looked swiftly over his shoulder at the
second boat’s crew beaching their boat, then
back at Effingham. Tom thought it odd
the way the two men faced each other as
if there were no other actors in the drama.
It was odd, too, that in spite of his sneering
assurance there was something anxious and
wavering about the big commodore, while
Effingham, ill and emaciated though he was,
seemed perfectly self-possessed and confi-
dent in his attitude.

  “You are the fool, Frawley. I’ve had
you covered since you came. Joey, the
Kanaka boy, has a gun trained on you right
now, and joey can shoot! I taught him.

  “But Joey’s not going to hurt you, you
bogus commodore and swindler. I’m going
to do it myself!”

  As he stepped out from the doorway, his
right hand dropped from his hip and rested
lightly by his thigh. There was a report
and a flash. Frawley had shot through the
pocket of his coat. Tom felt the wind of
the bullet and the pungent powder-smoke
in his nostrils.

  At the same instant something spun by
him in the air like a flash of light; there was
an odd, thudding sound; the commodore’s
knees sagged under him; and with a sobbing
oath he fell forward on his face, a knife
buried in his breast.

  But he had withdrawn his hand with the
revolver from his pocket; and, raising him-
self on his elbow, he fired again. Effing-
ham snatched Davison’s revolver and fired
once, and Frawley collapsed. Stepping
quickly forward, Effingham deliberately
fired the remaining five charges into the
writhing body; then, coughing violently,
with a bloody foam on his lips, he fell to
his knees and then to full length beside the
body of the commodore.

CHAPTER XIV

EFFINGHAM PASSES

XfOT another man had moved. Now
with an oath a sailor raised his rifle;
but before he could pull the trigger there
was a roar and a flash within the hut and he
pitched forward, shot through the head.
Welsh, who had been merely stunned,
sprang at the man nearest him, wrenched
the rifle from his hands and cracked the
man’s skull with a full-arm swing.

 Tom felt something scorching plow
through his scalp, and, turning, saw the
man who had shot at him kneeling and
pumping in another cartridge. He dropped
quickly on all fours as the man fired, and
Cox, who had been standing behind him,
spun round and fell with a bullet in his
brain. Tom promptly shot the sailor and
took his gun and cartridge-belt.

  He turned to shoot at a man aiming at
Davison, but before he could do so the
latter leaped forward with surprizing agility,
grasped the gun-barrel in the sailor’s hands
and smote his opponent on the jaw. As he
staggered, Davison sprang upon him, stab-
bing wickedly with his knife.

  There were yells from the other boat’s
crew, and the two remaining men in the
lanai took to their heels and ran toward
4 2

Adventure

their companions. Joey stood in the door-
way of the hut with Effingham’s rifle and
took a pot-shot at the fleeing men. He
missed them both, but the bullet struck
one of the advancing seamen in the leg and
he fell with a shriek.

  The wind had risen to a gale, and with it
came torrents of rain. There was the
sharp report of a small cannon from the
schooner, and a moment later another.
She was tossing about, half-smothered, with
two rags of sail flying loose.

  The seamen halted when their comrades
joined them. At the second report of the
schooner’s cannon they fired a harmless
volley into the lanai, then turned and fled
toward their boats, dragging the wounded
man with them.

  “After them!” roared Welsh, and ran
down the beach, shooting as he ran.

  Three of the Kanaka boys, brave in the
enemy’s retreat, followed him. One of
them was armed with the useless fowling-
piece, with which he blazed away at the
sailors as fast as he could load; another had
the needle-gun, and the third took Effing-
ham’s rifle from Joey, who was on his knees
bending over Effingham.

  A sudden gust of wind tore off the roof
of the lanai and whirled it away in frag-
ments, the'canvas windbreak sailing off like
a great white bird. Joey grasped Tom by
the arm.

  “Tomi,” said he, “Epihama very sick.
More better take inside.”

  Effingham was lying with his head on his
arms, a pool of blood under him. There
was no wound on his body, for both of
Frawley’s bullets had missed. He was un-
conscious, and breathed in long, gasping
sighs. Together they lifted and carried him
into one of the palm-leaf shelters, for the
tents were down, and made him as com-
fortable as possible on a bunk.

  Tom could think of no other restorative
than gin, and went in search of some in the
wreck of the lanai. He heard firing down
the beach, and then a crash of shots from
seaward. Davison was standing in the
driving rain, watching with straining eyes.

  “Look!” he cried. “I believe the beg-
gars have potted Welsh and the boys, and
by the Lord Harry, they’re going to make
the schooner!”

  They caught glimpses of the boat tosse.d
like a cork close to the vessel. Somehow
her crew must have got aboard, for pres-

  sdntly they saw her, empty and adrift,
while the schooner, having slipped her
cable, pointed for the open sea under her
forestaysail and a rag of foresail.

  Had she been less staunch and able she
would never have made it; but she was a
fin-keel schooner, built to eat up into the
wind’s eye, and had won races against some
of the finest yachts in the world when oak
and teak and not buckling metal-plate
girders were the staples of yacht construc-
tion. She shaved the reef by no more than
a few fathoms, lying down almost flat, and
a quarter of an hour later was lost to view.

  Welsh came reeling up the beach alone, a
wild figure with a bullet wound in his cheek.

  “The fools!” he cried. “They would
stand there on the open beach, yellin’ and
shootin’ at nothin’, and they potted ’em
from the boat. The ’ole three are deader than
Davy’s sow. Gimme a drink o’ that gin!”

  Tom had found a bottle nearly full and
passed it to Welsh, who gulped down several
swallows. Then Tom went to Effingham.
Joey had been administering the Polynesian
massage known as lomi-lomi. Effingham’s
eyes were open, but he was very weak, and
waved away the gin. His eyes looked a
question.

  “They’ve gone,” said Tom; “cleared out
with the schooner. We three and Welsh
and Davison are all that are left, Walter.”

  Effingham smiled weakly, turned on his
side and soon fell asleep.

  Toward evening the rain ceased and
there was a temporary lull in the wind.
Tom found some food and took it with him
to the spring. The wreck of the lanai with
the stark bodies lying in pools of water was
too gruesome a neighborhood for his nerves.

  When he reviewed the events of the past
few days he was surprized to find he was not
horror-stricken. He felt as if he was very
old and tired, as if eons had passed since he
and his companions had come to open
hostility. His nerves and brain were be-
numbed through reaction, and he was so
overwhelmed with lassitude that he found
it impossible to marshal his thoughts into
any sort of sequence.

Effingham had been right about the
pearls. Wherever they might be now, and
he seemed to care very little at the moment,
they had had their sanguinary baptism.
They had been the direct cause of the
taking-off of Keola and Douchet and in-
directly of the day’s bloody fight, for that
Brethren of the Beach

43

might not have taken place had not Fraw-
ley made his outrageous offer. What was
to come next?

  He was in no state of mind to feel regret
for Cox or the Kanaka boys, but he shud-
dered when he recalled the icy deliberation
with which Effingham had slain Frawley.
There was something uncanny in the cour-
age and fatal accuracy of the dying man.
But for him the commodore and his crew
would have wiped them all out, and it oc-
curred to Tom that he owed Effingham
more than this, for it was plain enough
now that Effingham had disabled Welsh and
killed Douchet just in time to save his life.

  No one else had the knack of flinging a
knife with such deadly precision, yet Tom
would have sworn that at the exact time of
the episode he had heard Effingham’s
cough a hundred yards or more away.

  He was so lost in thought that he did not
see Joey beside him till the latter spoke.

  “Tomi,” said the boy, “Epihama speak
you come.”

  He followed Joey to Effingham’s shelter.
On the way he saw Welsh and Davison in
another shack, their heads close together in
conversation.

  He was shocked at the change in his
friend. Effingham was propped up, smok-
ing a cigaret, but so weak he could hardly
carry it to his lips. His face was sunken
and ghastly in its pallor, save for a bright
spot on each cheek. When he spoke it was
in a whisper.

  “Sit down, Tommie, and tell Joey to
clear out.”

“Tommie,” said he when the boy had
gone, “there have been strenuous times!”
“Yes, old man, but don’t let’s talk about
it till you get stronger. You need rest
and quiet to put you on your feet.”

  “Never mind that; it’s too late. The
game’s up for me and I’ve got to say some
things while I’m able. Give me a drink;
I’m as weak as a kitten.”

  Tom poured some gin in a cup and held it
to his lips. It gave the sick man temporary
strength, and he continued in a stronger
voice.

  “Don’t look so glum, man. The strain
has used up my nerve-force and set matters
forward a day or two; that’s all. How
about those resolutions, now, Tommie?
Still in evidence?”

  “I give it up, Walt. Too many things
have happened, and I’ve got to get straight-

  ened out mentally. Never mind about

me. Don’t talk-”

  Effingham raised a protesting hand.

  “I tell you time’s precious. Don’t waste
it. Keep that gin handy, and if I begin to
slump pour it into me. Now put your hand
under the mats here, just by my head, and
take out what you find.”

  Tom did as directed. He brought forth
a paper, folded and sealed, and, groping
further, to his astonishment, a familiar
oil-skin pouch.

  “By Jove!” he cried. “The pearls!”
  Effingham smiled.

  “Put that paper in your pocket,” said he.
“You are not to open it till—afterward.
Tommie, I stole the pearls myself. It was
the only thing to do under the circum-
stances. I knew that if I didn’t one of the
others would, and they were safer with me.

  “You are too infernally trustful and care-
less. You never were a match for those
beasts because you’re too ready to trust men
who are absolutely past trusting. You
think that that ‘one touch of nature’ busi-
ness is latent in all of us, but it isn’t, Tom-
mie; not in the South Seas. Take Douchet,
for example. Give me a drink!”

  Tom complied, and Effingham continued:
“It was easy enough to get the pearls,
for you were as dead to the world as the
Seven Sleepers; so I took them for safe-
keeping. Afterward I heard the row, fol-
lowed the lynching-party and managed to
crack Welsh on the ear with a lump of coral
and stick Douchet at the psychological
moment. I’d have done for Welsh, too,
but I had only the one knife and needed
that for Frenchy.”

  “But,” said Tom, “I heard you coughing
the whole blessed time down here in your
tent!”

  “No, you didn’t. That was Joey. I

made him go inside and cough like the-.

I	felt a spell coming on up there behind a
palm and nearly had a fit fighting it down.
It would have spoiled the whole show.

  “You see, Tommie, there hasn’t been a
chance from the first to play fair with these
chaps. They wouldn’t stand for division,
and they wouldn’t stand for a trusteeship.
They wouldn’t stand for any other man
beating them out at cards. When that
kind of cussedness is so highly developed
there’s no possible chance of peace.

  “Some one had to have the lion’s share
somehow, and I made sure that it would be
44

Adventure

you. I suppose you know that in that last
round at poker I dealt cold hands all
round?”

  “No, I didn’t.”

  “Well, it’s a fact. That pair was working
up to a murderous pitch, and it was the
only way to put an end to the game and rut
the agony short. I was getting weaker
every minute with the cursed cough coming
on and knew I’d be out of the running soon,
so I had to do it.

  “And now, Tommie, you’ve got that bag
safe, what are you going to do with it?
Don’t tell me that you’re going to turn
soft and let Davison and Welsh in after
all that has been.”

  Tom was balancing the pouch on his
palm.

  “I don’t know, Walt. I owe it to you
to do as you say, of course. I’m deathly
sick of this fighting and butchery—”
he shuddered—“and the poor wretches
didn’t have them after all, though they
tried enough to get them. Of course I

didn’t win them fairly-”

  An enigmatical smile played round Effing-
ham’s bloodless lips.

  “I guessed right, thank fortune!” said he,
as if to himself. “Tommie, I wash my
hands of you. Do as you please, only'
don’t let them know till you’re safe away
from here. Now’s your time to bury that
pouch—deep.”

  At this moment Davison stuck his head
in at the door, and his eyes instantly
focused on the pouch in Tom’s hand.

  “I—er—er—was looking for you fellows.
We’ve got the balance of the gin together—
a couple of quarts. I guess we all need
some. How are you, Effingham?”

  “Fine!” said Effingham.

  He put a great effort into the utterance
of the single word and it sounded loud and
strong.

  “All right; good!” said Davison, his eyes
still centered, as if fascinated, on the pouch.
“Come and join us and have a peg. See
you later,” and he vanished.

  Effingham lay back, breathing very
faintly, his eyes closed. Presently he
opened his eyes wearily.

  “The fat’s in the fire now, son,” said he
weakly. “Tommie, I’m nearly done. Look
out for those chaps now. You and Joey
stand together. He’s a good boy, and you
can trust him to the limit. You’ve got to
beat those men.”

  “Walt,” said Tom gravely, “it’ll be all
right, old man. You seem to have been on
hand in my interest at every turn, the best
friend that ever a man’had. I—I want to
tell you how I admire you and thank
you-”

  He suddenly choked.

  Effingham feebly held out a hand as cold
as ice. Tom held it for a moment in his.
When he released it, it fell inertly. Effing-
ham’s lips moved and Tom bent closer.

  “Leave—a while, Tommie. I’m tired—
so tired! Come back later-”

  “Yes, old man,” said Tom, and was going
softly toward the door when he heard a
loud whisper.

  He returned and bent close.

  “Tommie—that man on the yacht I told
you of—his name was Frawley. Under-
stand? Commodore Frawley. I heard he
was after charter—you fellows talking—in
Suva—that’s the reason I came. Knew
he’d be here some time. Looked for his
ship waiting—waiting to kill him like a dog!
I’m quite content, Tommie. Run along
a while.”

  Tom went out and sat on the beach, a
prey to mingled emotions. His body was
utterly exhausted, yet his nerves were
wrought to an emotional pitch approaching
hysteria. His mind was alert now to the
horror of all that had taken place; the vices
laid bare; the t«n corpses lying unburied
and staring at the sky; but most of all to
the tragic pathos of Effingham, with all his
fine attributes, dying a wrecked and broken
thing, yet quite content and unafraid.

  He rose and paced to and fro, for he could
not keep still. His steps led him con-
tinually toward the hut, and several times
he looked in at the door.

  Effingham was lying quiet except for a
continual fluttering of his hands. The
flush on his cheeks had faded to a waxen
pallor. Joey stood peering in the doorway,
a look of misery and concern on his brown
face; and finally Tom, convinced that the
end had come, for the fluttering hands were
still, stepped within.

  Suddenly Effingham sat bolt upright.
His eyes were wide open and looking fixedly
at some point before him.

  “Alice,” said he in a voice strong and
clear as if in conversation with some one at
a little distance, “you understand, don’t
you? It was fair and square in the open,
and man to man. I’ve paid the score!”
Brethren of the Beach

45

  He fell back on the matting. Tom stood
a while in silence, then tenderly closed the
eyes of his friend.

CHAPTER XV

THE FALL OF A GIANT

THE wind was still high and the air full
of salt spume flicked from the crests
of the whitecaps and flung broadcast. The
sea was rough; but the tail of the storm
was passing, and the belated clouds were
racing overhead toward the north as if to
overtake the main body of the disturb-
ance.

  Tom had left Joey with Effingham and
gone outside, feeling utterly miserable and
alone. The birds, agitated by the storm,
were calling to each other uneasily.

  There is nothing on earth which will com-
plete the sense of isolation to a lone man
like the piping of birds on a bird island. He
is in the midst of creatures utterly alien and
unapproachable, and in time the association
will drive him mad as it does the unfortu-
nate creatures who herd sheep.

  Somewhere, off in the darkness, Davison
began to sing, “Not a Sparrow Falleth,” but
suddenly ceased as if a hand had been
clapped over his mouth. The sound smote
Tom with the desire of fellowship, even
with these two graceless wretches.

  What was he to do? They knew that he
had the pearls, and if he remained aloof
would not scruple to take them from him
by any means whatever.

  Of the twelve men who had come to the
island there were now four left. And for
every tragedy—the hastened death of
Effingham and the slaying of Frawley and
his men as well as the other fatalities—the
pearls were responsible.

  It was inconceivable that Frawley, the
fastidious, had come to the island to delve
for guano. Surely the pearls had taken
their toll, and the remaining white men
must be as disgusted with strife and
butchery as he was himself.

  It was time for a truce on any terms.
There were pearls enough for them all, and
<o avoid any more discord of a violent
nature it seemed best to offer Welsh and
Davison a share as the only possible means
of making life bearable for the time they
must remain on this hateful island. So
thinking, Tom fell asleep.

  When he awoke it was broad daylight.
The storm had blown itself out and the
sun was shining, half-way to the meridian.
The wind had hauled around and the trade
was back again, freshening the air like wine.
Long lines of birds were filing off to the far
north, their lines of flight spread out over
the sea like the sticks of a fan.

  Joey was boiling coffee over a stove made
of an old oil-tin. Tom asked of Welsh and
Davison.

  “I don’ know,” said Joey. “I no see long
time now. I think drunk.”

  Tom went to the door of the hut where
they had been the night before, but it was
empty. Several gin-bottles lay about on
the floor. He had the oilskin pouch in his
hand, swinging by the strand of fiber. The
bright sun and the cool, stimulating trade
wind had raised his spirits, and he walked
on, circling the wreck of the lanai with its
gruesome tenants.

  He hallooed at the top of his voice several
times. Then, from a point not far away, he
heard an answering shout, but saw no one.
He started to walk in the direction of the
sound, thinking it odd that neither of the
men appeared.

  There was a sharp report. His brain had
no more than time to record it, for some-
thing struck him like a blast, the sunlight
became utter darkness and conscious life
went out on the instant.

JOEY was kneeling beside him,
kneading sensitive parts of his
anatomy with a strong brown hand.
He felt as if his head were an enormous
thing, without substance, yet with some-
thing beating, beating upon it that caused
exquisite anguish.

  He put up his hand and felt a thick band-
age that was sticky to the touch. He
seemed to be burning up, tormented by the
devil of thirst.

  “Water, Joey!” said he thickly, and' at
once Joey put a cup to his lips.

  He had never tasted anything so deli-
cious. Joey’s beautiful, melancholy black
eyes were full of a tremendous concern.

  “Tomi,” said he, a break in his voice, “I
been ’fraid. I been ’fraid you mate (dead).
I ’fraid stop this place all ’lone.”

  “WThat happened?”

  “They shoot! You fall, all same mate.
I like kill ’um, but they take all guns last
night. No got gun left. They all same
46

Adventure

tiapolo (devils). Now they go ’way; take
boat; take all kaukau (food).”

  Tom sat up v/ith a jerk.

  “Gone?” he cried.

  “They go now. Fix boat. They go be-
fore, only too much drunk. Take long time
fix boat.”

  “Help me up, Joey!”

  He stood, trembling for a while, his knees
inclined to give way. Joey filled a tin cup
with hot coffee, and after a time Tom
gathered enough strength to walk.

  Welsh and Davison had deliberately shot
him from ambush. The bullet had struck
him over the eye and glanced off, inflicting
a shocking wound that missed snuffing out
his life by the barest fraction of an inch.
Although they had taken the other weapons,
Tom found that they had overlooked his
own revolver, which was still in his belt.

  “Come on, Joey,” said he; “we’ll see
about this!”

  Their own boat was the only one left, for
the one from the schooner had drifted off
in the storm. It had been launched, and
was riding a dozen yards from the shore.
Davison stood in the stern, attempting to
steady it with an oar—with poor success,
for he was drunk and singing at the top of
his voice. Tom caught the words—

        “Oh, hear us when we cry to Thee
        For those in peril on the sea."

  Welsh, naked to the waist, was wading
toward the boat with an armful of rifles
which he tossed in, and returned to the
beach, where he knelt and busied himself
making a bundle of small odds and ends.
Tom examined his revolver and assured
himself that every chamber was loaded.
Then, cold, implacable, his nerves set like
steel, he walked toward the kneeling giant.

  Davison with a shout dropped his oar
and picked up a rifle. The bullet threw up
a puff of sand, but Tom walked on without
so much as a glance at the boat. Joey
threw himself on the ground and began
wriggling through the beach-grass toward
the water.

  Welsh started to his feet, and, seeing
Tom, stood for a moment gaping. He
looked at the boat, hesitated, then made for
Tom with a curse. The weapons were
evidently all in the boat, for Welsh was un-
armed. His enormous chest was bare; and
hanging there Tom saw the oilskin pouch.

  Davison kept up a fusillade of rifle-

bullets, loading and firing as fast as he
could work the mechanism; but drink and
the rocking boat spoiled his aim effectually,
and the bullets did no more than plow up
the sand.

  So absorbed was he in this futile marks-
manship that he did not see Joey, who had
reached the shore in a wide circle, slip from
a point of coral rock into deep water. He
was still shooting when a brown arm hooked
over the bow behind him and a lithe, glisten-
ing body slid over the gunwale into the
boat.

  The next instant a bare arm was twined
around his neck with a strangling grip; he
gasped and struggled to free himself, and,
thrashing with arms and legs, lost his bal-
ance; his feet flew from under him, and with
a splash the two bodies, intertwined, went
over the side.

  Tom held his cocked revolver at arm’s
length, took deliberate aim at the broad,
hairy chest and pulled the trigger. He saw
and heard the bullet strike; he saw the
blood flow; but Welsh’s jaw shut with a click
and he came on, his lips drawn back from
his set, yellow teeth.

  Again Tom fired, and the bullet went
home near the shoulder. A third shot struck
the oilskin pouch and the flesh behind. The
giant staggered. His jaw was dropped now,
but he came on with a gurgling bellow deep
in his throat, the blood welling from his
mouth.

  Two more shots went home. The man
was streaming blood. There was a terrible
fire in his wicked little eyes, and his face
was distorted with insensate passion.

  Something in Tom’s nerve gave way at
the monstrous vitality of the brute, and his
last shot went wild. He flung the empty pis-
tol, and it struck Welsh full in the face; but
the next instant he was seized and swung
bodily in the air above the giant’s head.

  Then he felt the great figure totter and
sway beneath him. The huge muscles re-
fused to respond. Welsh held him aloft,
poised, for a moment, then slowly toppled
over forward, and Tom fell on his back in
the soft sand. It was the giant’s last effort.

  The fall had set Tom’s head to throbbing
again, and a stream of blood, escaping from
beneath the bandage, ran into his eyes and
blinded him. He wiped this away with his
sleeve and set the bandage as tightly as
possible. Welsh was lying on his face, stone
dead.
Brethren of the Beach

47

  Joey had brought the boat to shore and
was calmly making it fast to a pole of the
boat-shed with a long rope. There was no
sign of Davison; but out in the bay, cutting
the water in uneasy circles, was a procession
of long, triangular fins.

  Tom bent over the body of Welsh and
removed the packet from his neck. The
bullet had snipped away a finger’s breadth
of the covering, and what Tom saw made
him gasp with amazement. He hastily
opened the pouch, poured out the contents,
and sat staring at them in a stupor of in-
credulous astonishment. They consisted of
a double handful of smooth, round pebbles!

CHAPTER XVI

EFFINGHAM’S messages

JOEY brought food from the surf-boat
and prepared a meal. When they had
finished he took a pick and shovel and, un-
bidden, set himself industriously to digging.
There was much to be done in disposing of
the dead, and Joey toiled through the day
with hardly a rest, for he had all the Poly-
nesian dread of the unburied dead at night.
Tom would have helped at the gruesome
task, but found that the least effort set his
head to spinning and the blood flowing from
his wound.

  He went to the little clearing by the spring
and threw himself at full length, as Effing-
ham had been wont to do. The act in itself
reminded him of something—the sealed
paper that the dying man had given him the
night before. He took it from his pocket
and spread it open. It was a note written
with pencil in a neat, delicate hand, and
read as follows:

My Dear Tommie :

  It is a thing no living man has a right to worry
about, for it is going to make mighty little difference
to him, but I have a particular fancy to rest in a
certain place when the gray shadows have drawn
in close for the last time and sleep comes. You
know the plot of soft grass near the spring where I
have gone so often to commune with myself; well,
I should like to rest there, and am asking you to
attend to it if things go right with you and it so
happens that you read this.

  I have even taken a fancy for one particular
spot (the whim of a very sick man) selected during
certain morbid spells when my mind was on the
inexorable future. On the round black rock over
the spring is a white patch of lichen, and on a
sandalwood-tree a dozen yards away you will find
a blaze in the bark. Stretch a line from one to the
other, and fifteen feet from the rock is the place I
have chosen.

  Tommie, I’m stepping off into the dark with no
faith, no creed, and, I am afraid, no contrition.
I have accomplished what I came to do and have
only a vast curiosity to see what the rest is like.
Yet if there are any presiding deities, as we are
taught and try to believe, I trust they will help and
guide you and bring you to your own.

Aloha Walter Effingham.

  Tom choked as he read the message; then
a flood of weakness overcame him, and he
lay with his face in his arms on the green
turf, and sobbed like a child. The letter
was characteristic, not of Effingham, the
abandoned stoic who viewed life with a
jaundiced eye and a smile of derision, with
whom he had sailed from Suva; but the man
he had just learned to know, of purpose and
principle, whose stoicism was a mere cloak
for the fine sentiment underneath.

  So strong had his personality been that
in the familiar spot, with the letter in his
hand, Tom could almost feel his presence.
He carefully folded the letter and put it in
his pocket. The two marks mentioned were
distinct and unmistakable, and he saw
them at a glance.

  He sat there for hours, thinking, the pulses
in his forehead throbbing and his head
aching incessantly. Only three days before
he had sat on this very spot arguing with
his companions about the trusteeship of the
pearls. Now they were all dead.

  He was the last of these ill-assorted breth-
ren of the beach, and he owed it to Effing-
ham that he was not lying stark with the
others. Effingham had understood! He
had stood behind Matthews from first to
last, and Tom owed him not only life but
fortune.

  But why had Effingham given him a pack-
et of pebbles? That this was a hoax Tom
could not conceive; it had been done with
a deep purpose, and had a bearing on the
enigmatical smile of the dying man and his
remark about having guessed right.

  Could he, with his weird intuition, have
foreseen what had actually taken place?
Tom tried to adjust his mind to follow
Effingham’s intricate reasoning, but it led
him nowhere. He was certain, however,
that the pearls would turn up at the proper
time.

 He sought out Joey and told him of
Effingham’s posthumous request, and to-
gether they prepared the body for burial.
The pearls were not on Effingham’s person,
nor were they to be found in the hiding-
place under the matting.
48

Adventure

 As they bore him to the spring the
shadowy smile on the dead man’s lips
seemed to Tom to have the same intui-
tive understanding behind it that it had in
life. Tom stretched the line, measured off
the distance and broke the ground at the
proper place.

  Directly under the sod the pick struck
a tin tobacco-box. Tom cleared it of earth,
but laid it aside until he had finished his
duty toward his friend. Then he sat down
by the spring and with shaking fingers
opened the box. The top was stuffed with
bits of cloth; but underneath, glowing with
soft, beautiful luster, lay the pearls. With
them was a slip of paper with a brief note:

No. 1.

  Tommie: Here find your property. You’ve
already found the pebbles, of course. If Welsh
got you, he only got pebbles for his trouble; if you
got him you’ll find these anyway.

  If you’re both on earth you can divide these or
do what you please with them, but you’ve already
learned by the time you read this that there’s no
use looking for a spark of soul, or even common
humanity, where it can not exist. It’s a waste of
time and sympathy, and sometimes has fatal
results.

  At the bottom of the box was a packet,
very neatly made of an old chamois to-
bacco-bag, faultlessly stitched with fine
thread. In this were the four large pearls
and another note:

No. 2.

  I’ve tried to fix this all in decency and order so
it will work out right in the end. Whatever dis-
posal you make of the others, these four pearls are
mine. I won them fairly without having to deal
queer hands.

  This is in the nature of a last will and testament,
and I am bequeathing these to you, Tom Matthews,
charging you to keep them for yourself, and, rather
than let them pass into the hands of others on this
island, to throw them into the sea.

  Luck and happiness, Tom! May you come to
your own again. This is my final word; and don’t
forget, when the time comes, about a woman and
a man’s weakness!

  Talofal

CHAPTER XVII

 CAPTAIN WIGGINS BRINGS A MESSENGER

A WEEK later Tom sat kicking his heels
against the summit of the cliff over-
hanging the sea on the windward side of the
island. Tomorrow, or next day at most, he
and Joey would put to sea. They would
have gone before, but Tom had hung on
with a faint hope that something might turn

up. He had no chart or compass, and not
even a general knowledge of the distribu-
tion or distance of the inhabited islands
north of the line.

  Wiggins was long overdue, and it was
hardly probable that he would ever return.
He was not the man to sail his schooner all
the way from Honolulu, if Frawley had the
charter for working the island, for the mere
matter of taking off a handful of beach-
comber workmen. Still, there was always
the remote chance that he might come, or
that some other vessel, possibly a gunboat or
cruiser, would happen in and take them off.

  Joey and he had carefully rehearsed a
story to account for the disappearance of
the others. This concerned an epidemic of
sickness following the row with Frawley
and his men, and Tom had polished and
revised it and smoothed off the rough edges
to make it entirely plausible.

  The Frawley episode would have to go as
it stood. Frawley had actually been the
aggressor by firing the first shot, and Tom
would have to take a chance on that against
any story that the survivors on the schooner
might tell.

  They had cleared the beach of the last
vestige of pearl-shell, sinking it far out in
deep water, and Tom wore the pearls in
a belt around his waist. There appeared
nothing further to be done except put to sea
and trust to luck. Somewhere to the north,
Tom knew, was the lane of the ocean liners.
Once in that they had a fair chance of being
picked up.

  The birds were all gone, and Tom missed
their noisy chattering and bustle. The
silence had become ghastly and unbearable.
A dozen times a day Tom harked to a
fancied hail from one of his late compan-
ions, and as often at night he awoke in a
cold sweat from some nightmare of murder
and violence.

  Without Joey he thought he should have
gone mad. The Kanaka boy was a jewel,
faithful, kind and constantly cheerful,
thowgh Tom had often to suppress his
tendency to dwell on rather grisly Polyne-
sian superstitions concerning the dead.

  They leaned upon each other for support
like two children in the dark. As for Joey,
with Kanaka simplicity he had transferred
his allegiance to Tom, and would have fol-
lowed him cheerfully to the ends of the
earth like the faithful Friday of beloved
legend.
Brethren of the Beach

r49

  A shadow fell athwart his face, and Tom
looked up. Joey, tall and graceful, with
a flower stuck rakishly over one ear, was
standing behind him.

  “Tomi,” said he, pointing off to the north-
west, “you look tarascope. I think ’nother
cliipi come!”

  Tom could see nothing with his naked eye,
but as he swept the horizon with the tele-
scope there suddenly fell into the object-
glass a couple of weather-beaten old square,
topsails. His heart leaped at the sight, but
he held the glass on them a long time for
fear it might be some ship passing at
random. At the end of half an hour all
doubts were settled. The schooner, running
free, was bearing down on the island. Tom
sprang to his feet and grasped Joey’s hand.

  “Joey, you old son-of-a-gun,” he cried,
“make a noise! Do something, man!
Cheer, confound you! That’s old man
Wiggins!”

  The schooner was bowling along with
a fair wind and a bone in her teeth, but
never had a vessel seemed to crawl so
slowly over the face of the waters. They
watched as long as they could in patience
from the shore, and then, unable to bear
the strain inactive, launched the surf-boat,
made sail on her and went scooting off on
a long slant to windward to meet the
schooner.

  It was late afternoon before they ran
alongside and made fast under the vessel’s
lee. Sour old Captain Wiggins greeted Tom
with more cordiality than he expected.

  “I’m glad to see you, lad,” said he, shak-
ing hands. “We’ve been wondering all the
voyage if we’d find you alive and kicking.
I shouldn’t wonder if the men had a few
small bets on it.”

  “On me?” asked Tom in surprize. “What
for?”

  Wiggins chuckled.

  “You’ll find out soon enough, my lad.
Where are the others?”

  “Captain,” said Tom gravely, “I’m
sorry to have to tell you that there are no
others. Joey and I are all that are left.”
“What!” cried Wiggins. “What do ye
mean, man? I left a dozen of ye. Has some
cruiser been meddling, or—or— By thun-
der, I have it! Frawley’s been making ye
trouble. But where are they? What’s been
done? Speak out, man!”

  “It’s a long yarn, captain. I’ll tell it in
the cuddy when the anchor’s down.”

  4

  At this moment a woman stepped from
the companion. She took a sweeping glance
at the land ahead and turned to Wiggins.

  “Why, captain,” she said reproachfully,
“we’re nearly there, and you promised to
call me when we sighted land. Why did
you let me sleep so long?”

  She looked long at the line of white
beach.

  “There are their houses,” she said; “but
where are they? There seems to be no one
on the beach. What a lonely place!”

  Tom stood as if turned to stone. Either
his mind was wholly deranged or this was
the Girl, standing there before him on the
deck of Wiggins’ schooner! She had not
recognized him with his bandaged head, his
pajamas and bearded face. For a moment
he felt like sinking through the deck; then,
straightening up, he stepped to her side.
“Dorothy!” said he.

  She turned to him, startled, and drew
back, her eyes wide with astonishment.
“Why—why—” she began.

  Then recognition dawned in her eyes.
  “Why, it’s Tom—Tom Matthews!”

  And the next instant she was sobbing on
his shoulder.

“IF IT’S all the same to you, Miss
Gardiner,” said Captain Wiggins
as they sat at tea in the cuddy,
“I’d like to hear what Matthews ’as to say
at once. It’s a matter o’ pretty important
business, and you can ’ave all the time you
want to talk afterward,”

  Dorothy sat close to Tom, and as he
talked held his hand and kept her eyes,
with a wistful expression, on his face. Joey
had gone forward with the crew. Tom told
his story as firmly and convincingly as
possible, anxious to get the miserable busi-
ness over and in dread of questions, while
Wiggins sat blowing clouds of smoke at the
skylight.

  “And so,” said he when Tom had done,
“this man Frawley claimed to ’ave the char-
ter, did ’e?”

  He went to his room, brought out a rolled
paper from a tin chart-case and spread it
on the table.

  “The man lied! There’s the charter,
right there! Frawley may ’ave ’ad a char-
ter, but if ’e did ’e made it ’imself. The man
served time for forgery once. The ’ole
delay about this charter was because the
British representative wasted a lot of time
50

Adventure

lookin’ into Frawley’s record. The man
deserved all ’e got.”

  Wiggins went ashore in the surf-boat,
Tom and Dorothy watching from the quar-
ter-rail. Then they turned and faced each
other for a long time without speaking.
She looked earnestly at his drawn, weather-
beaten face with its deep lines; the grimly
set lips and brooding eyes, all souvenirs of
his life on the beach. This was not the Tom
Matthews she had known and cared for,
but it was the one she had come many
thousand miles to find.

  “Oh, Tom, dear,” she said, her eyes full
of tears, “it has been so long, and you’ve
changed so! But you’ll come away now,
won’t you, boy—away from this awful
place?”

  “The sooner the better,” said Tom em-
phatically; “but please tell me at once the
miracle of you being here on Wiggins’ dirty
old tub. It doesn’t seem real. I’ll wake up
presently and hear the birds screaming and
find I’ve been dreaming.”

  “I came to find you, Tom. Oh, boy, can
you ever forgive me for that horrid letter?
It was too cruel—I was a fool! Say you’ll
try to forgive me, Tom, and I’ll go back'—
Oh, boy, boy, I’ve wanted to find you so,
and tell you—•—”

  Tom, regardless of the grinning Kanaka
crew and of an embarrassed cough from the
mate, took her in his arms.

  “But why? It was dear of you to come,

but you could have written, you know-”

  “Oh, no, no! I had to tell you myself.
I—I wanted to!”

  She dabbed at her eyes with a tiny hand-
kerchief.

  “Jack Holloway came and told me all
about that yacht, Tom. He told the
whole truth in a way to make me thoroughly
ashamed of myself.

  “I saw what a self-opinionated little prig
I had been, and it hurt me worse to see
myself as I really was than—than to write
that letter. Then I wrote again and again,
to humble myself if I could, but never got
an answer.

  “I wrote to people in Honolulu then and
found you had disappeared, so I had notices
put in the papers in California and China
and Australia, but I didn’t hear from them
either till Aunt Margaret and I went to
Honolulu, where I met Captain Wiggins.
He told me where you were, and when I
found out how much he cared for money it

was easy to make him bring me as a passen-
ger, and'—here I am! It was an impulse,
Tom. Poor Aunt Margaret had forgotten
she was ill and had gone off with a party to
the volcano, and I actually ran away. I’m
so glad I found you, and—and you will
try to forgive me, won’t you, Tom?”

  Tom took her in his arms again and kissed
her. “We’ll forget about that, dearie,”
said he gravely; “there may be other things
you’ll hear of that are not so easily for-
given!”

  The next day Tom rowed Dorothy ashore
in the dingey. He had not slept all nighl.
How long would the devotion that had led
Dorothy over so many miles to find him
endure under the story he had to tell? She
had come to him in his hour of loneliness and
trouble. He loved her more than ever, and
his heart melted at the sight of her.

  He could not help but see that she loved
him more than ever and had done well in
not sending a mere self-abasing letter by
Captain Wiggins; for it was the sight of her
and the sound of her voice that drove all
the rankling bitterness from his mind.
Could he afford to jeopardize any future
happiness by laying bare the horrors of
that island and the hollowness of the last
four years of his life? He had argued it cut
with himself, and toward morning arrived
at his decision.

  He led her to the little spring. He had
placed a board at the head of Effingham’s
grave with a carefully carved inscription,
the last paragraph a paraphrase of Whit-
tier’s beautiful poem:

To

WALTER EFFINGHAM
A Gentleman of England
This is erected in fond
memory and respect
by a friend.

“The Shadows o’er the Southern Sea
Have Deepened into Night.”

  Seated there, Tom told the wretched
story from beginning to end. He did not
spare himself, and yet somehow he did not
find the telling so hard as he had expected.
The plain facts, told in plain words, did not
seem so degrading as he had been wont to
feel them in his morbid brooding.

  When he emptied the pearls from his belt
into Dorothy’s lap and showed her Effing-
ham’s letters he even found himself turn-
ing aside from his own story and growing
Afoot

51

eloquent in praise of the dead man. When
he had done he sat silent for a time, awaiting
her verdict. She rose and stood by Effing-
ham’s grave.

  “He was a strange man, wasn’t he?” she
said. “I should like to have known him.”
“He was a man I am proud to have called
a friend,” said Tom simply.

  She laid her hand on his arm.

  “Tom, dear, I know you are expecting me
to pass some sort of judgment on you, but
I can’t do it. It has been a man’s ordeal—
things a woman has no right to construe
or criticize. I think you have been tried by
fire, and I think you’re fine and strong and
brave. When I wrote that awful letter to
you, I was angry because I thought you
weak and—and unmanly, like those others,
and—it hurt me so! And oh, Tom dear, it
has been so terrible here and you’ve suf-
fered so much, and I—I sent you to it-”

  She broke into hysterical sobbing.

  “But, Dorothy,” said Tom, “now that
I’ve told you, do you still care-”

  She threw her arms around his neck and
nestled against his breast.

  “Tom,” she said softly, “I’ve come all
this way to find you. I thought it was just
to beg your forgiveness at first, but it was
because I wanted you more than anything in
the world. I’ve told you what I think, and
I’m not fit to judge any further. Don’t ask
me to, and don’t do anything but—but just
love me!”

  As they sat and talked, Tom saw the vista
of a new life opening before his eyes. The
sun, setting in a blazing riot of primary
colors, touched the horizon, and with the
haste of sunset ih the tropics seemed to slide
swiftly down behind the edge of the sea.
Then hand in hand they walked down to the
beach.

AFOOT

by Allen Lee Haase

 S^iREAK-K goes a latigo,

 ^ Clink-k goes a concho,
 Snap goes a tie-string
 Supporting a poncho.

 Chink-k goes a bridle chain,
 Flap-p goes a fender,

 “-” goes the range hand

 A bit saddle tender.

 Arrk-k goes a housing,

 E-eek goes a rig,

 Forty pound saddle
 Doesn’t look big.

 Just try to carry one—

 Stirrups of steel,

 Keep o'n a-patting one
 Down ’round the heel.

 Dang every prairie dog,
 Ground-gopher er mole;

 Dang all th’ watch-eyed broncs
 ’At step in a hole.

 Dang all the boot-makers
 Makin’ high heels.

 Wish they had my job
 See how it feels.
r|l\e ^lujj^emembere

 V

TCANK H SHAW

Author of “The Yachl Adventure,” “The Dude," etc.

CAPTAIN MEADOWS slapped the
teakwood rail heartily and with-
drew his hand away from the wood
with a sort of slow caress.

  “She understands me, the old packet,”
he told the mate. “Just as I understand
her. We’ve sort of grown up together.
You take this from me, mister: there are
some ships that have as much intelligence
as—well, let’s say a woman. Not that I
know much about women, but they’d have
to be clever to beat the old Euryalus.”

  The mate so far forgot the deference
due to an older man’s opinion as to
- laugh.

  “Steel and wood and wire, that’s a ship,
sir. You can’t expect things like that to
feel anything.”

  The mate belonged to the younger, more
materialistic school, which has satisfactor-
ily abolished heaven and hell and kindred
superstitions of the Middle Ages.

  “Don’t agree with you. I’ve seen this
ship do things many a human being wasn’t
able to do. There was that time when we’d
been working through a week of fog; never
a glimmer of the sun. I was sure we were
in deep water and safe, and I laid my course
accordingly.

  “The ship wouldn’t answer her helm; she
got as fretful as a horse. Refused to stay,
sluggish in wearing—she was fidgety, fidg-
ety. Tried to tell me I wasn’t doing right
if ever a ship did. And then one morning,
we running with a strong breeze, the fog
lifted a bit, and there we were heading
straight in between the rocks. Had to club-
haul to get her clear—it was a narrow shave
if you like. But the ship knew she was

standing into danger. And there was

another time-”

  Captain Meadows was elderly and some-
what prone to rather tedious reminiscences
which the mate endured with such patience
as he might*. But having heard these par-
ticular stories times without number, he
cast about for some other subject of con-
versation, since the captain appeared de-
termined to stay on deck; though by all
the laws of the sea he should have been be-
low indulging in the shipmaster’s afternoon
nap. The mate liked to express an opinion
of his own on occasion.

  “That’s an ugly-looking beggar we
shipped at Antofagasta, sir,” he said as
Meadows paused for breath. “Not the
sort of chap you’d like to meet on a dark
night in a lonely place.

  He pointed with the stem of his pipe—it
was Sunday afternoon—as a swarthy-faced
individual, who, seated on the forward end
of the starboard spare spar, was diligently
washing clothes.

  “Half a dago, isn’t he? I wouldn’t have
signed him on if there’d been another man
available.”

  “Shouldn’t take a man on his face value,
mister. And being a dago doesn’t naturally
mean that a man’s wrong at heart. I’ve
knocked about the world twice or three
times as long as you, and the lowest-down
swabs I’ve ever met have been our own
countrymen gone wrong. But, as I was

saying-”

  He continued to reach back into ancient
history until the mate was thoroughly
wearied, until he deplored his subordinate
position which compelled him to murmur

52
The Ship Remembers

53

agreement with the didactic old fool. The
everlasting string upon which Meadows
harped was the actual intelligence of his old
ship—his own property from truck to keel-
son.

  “I’d break my heart if I lost her; and I
believe she’d break hers if I swallowed the
anchor, mister. That’s the real reason why
I’m keeping at sea—because I’d be sorry
for the old bakey to lose me.”

  Mentally the mate was of opinion that
an ancient out-of-dater like Meadows
would be far better ashore, spending his
savings comfortably, and thus leaving steps
for ambitious young men to climb. He was
no sentimentalist, as he was often heard to
remark; and this craze of the old skipper's
for attributing entirely ridiculous qualities
to a soulless fabric constructed by men’s
hands—and probably not too honest at
that—was to him merely a sign and token
that the old fool was deeply sunk in his
dotage. He consequently found an oppor-
tunity to discover a bit of necessary work
aloft, and summoned the clothes-washer.

  “Hi, you!” he shouted. “You with the
face! Nip up aloft there and seize on that
topsail buntline block.”

  The man turned his face, looked aloft,
scowled, and then arose leisurely with a bad
grace. If there was one thing Captain
Meadows insisted upon aboard ship it was
implicit* and rapid obedience to any com-
mand that was issued. He noted the re-
luctant movements with displeasure.

  “When you’re told to move—move,” he
bellowed, “or I’ll find a way to make you.
Get at your job!”

  The sailor quickened his pace, mutter-
ing something about a fellow being hazed
out of mere spite, and this being Sunday
afternoon; but his remarks were inaudible
to the pair on the poop.

  “Insist on having your orders obeyed
smartly,” counseled Captain Meadows.
“I can tell you, when I was mate I didn’t
tell a man twice to do a thing. If I lifted
my voice above a whisper, things hap-
pened.”

  He would have said more, but that the
mate made an excuse and left the poop to
go forward.

  Meadows looked up proudly at the piled
pyramids of canvas that were rustling
sweetly to the thrust of the good fair wind;
he cast an appreciative eye along the trim,
clean-swept decks that were as white as a

hound’s tooth. The ship, this happy Sab-
bath day, was a picture to fill the most
critical eye, and again the old man stroked
the teakwood rail.

  “Aye, lass, you’re a beauty, eh? Steel
and wood and wire? That shows what a
dandy young mate knows about things!
You know me, old girl, and I know you.

Honest to -, I think you love me as

much as I love you.”

  The ship curvetted a little at the moment,
precisely like a horse that has been gentled.
Meadows strolled aft to the wheel, and laid
hold of the spokes.

  “I’ll take her a bit,” he said. “Get you
along and have a smoke-oh. Come back
in quarter of an hour.”

  The man lurched away, groping for pipe
and matches as he went, and disappeared
into the forecastle.

  Meadows often took the helm—it seemed
to bring him closer to his beloved ship. He
possessed the same instinct that belongs to
a good horseman, who always prefers to
take the reins himself rather than permit a
hireling to drive. Now he dallied with the
ship, laughing at the quick response the
Euryalus made to his demands. She was
unquestionably like a living, sentient thing
this day—she pretended to be skittish, and
slapped a little feather of sunkissed spray
over her rail; she broke away from the re-
straining grip on the \vheel and fought
against the bits; then she sidled regretfully
back to her course, and clamored along with-
out deviating a hair from the set course.

  Time after time old Meadows laughed at
her and with her; time after time he fondled
the spokes. It was very good to have a ship
you could trust, and the old skipper re-
joiced in the fulness of his life. At nights
he was wont to pray that when the time
came he and his ship might go together.

 But Able Seaman Royaler had other
views on that subject. He was a proud-
spirited individual, who had nothing what-
ever to be proud of. His sole reason for
signing-on aboard the Euryalus had been
to avoid trouble with the Chilean police.
There had been knives drawn in a tavern
brawl, and a man had gone down, badly
stabbed; therefore Able Seaman Royaler
lit out as quickly as he could, and reached
Antofagasta in the lumber-filled, seldom-
used boat of a “dago” coasting-schooner.
Being compelled to stow away aboard a
“stinking dago” hurt his pride. He strongly
54

Adventure

resented discipline, and was somewhat given
to whetting a long, ugly knife which he car-
ried at his hip in deep-sea fashion. As he
went aloft and performed the appointed
task he thought bitterly of the rasp in Cap-
tain Meadows’ voice.

  “He’d better watch himself,” he growled
to the topsail clew. “I’m an ugly man to
get across with. He’ll find that out if he
tries his hard-case packet tricks on with
me.”

  Serenely unconscious of the enmity he
had aroused, Meadows went below after
the helmsman returned. He sat down in
the saloon and lit a cigar—he belonged to
the old school that prefers cigars to ciga-
rets—and-stared pridefully round his float-
ing home, his hand caressing the velvet arm
of his chair. Later he went to sleep.

WHEN the trouble came it came
suddenly, without warning. Roy-
aler was at the bottom of it, as was
only natural. He was at the wheel and
making an indifferent job of it; the ship was
steering trickily as he had been informed by
the man he relieved.

  The mate paused from his steady pacing
of the weather poop to mention that he had
sailed in various ships with various men,
but that he had never in all his born days
seen a ship so grossly mishandled. “Watch
her, you—you gardener!” he said, with ad-
jectives to correspond.

  “You try your hand at her yourself,”
snarled Royaler with an evil snap of his
eyes. “Try her yourself, mister! There
isn’t a man livin’ could make a better job
of steerin’ this old-than I can.”

  His particular name for the Euryalus
need not be mentioned here, but it was the
nadir of foulness. That word reached Cap-
tain Meadows’ ears just as he hove himself
on deck through the companionway. And
a curious, tremulous anger possessed him.
He had newly awakened from a sleep in
which he dreamed the ship had suddenly
developed an actual soul.

  He stumped aft, but the mate was there
before him. Mr. Bunting towered over the
recalcitrant steersman, and his face went
brick red.

  “You give me any of your slack jaw, my
man, and I’ll rough-house you till you
don’t know your wisdom teeth from break-
fast-time,” said Bunting.

  “A fat lot of rougli-housing you’ll do,”

Royaler coughed, and his teeth showed in
an evil snarl.

  All his days he had resented discipline,
and when angry there was a curious black-
ish-red cloud which settled on his brain and
blinded his thinking powers. It had hap-
pened similarly that day in the Chilean
drink-shop; it was happening now. He had
boasted in the forecastle that no adjectived
officer was ever going to “haze” him and go
on feeling happy. He had a position to
keep up, because one of his messmates was
working in the mizzen rigging and overlook-
ing all that was going on.

  The mate caught him by the neck and
dragged him away from the wheel as Cap-
tain Meadows arrived.

  “Steady, steady!” chirped the old man,
his white beard flying in the breeze. “I’ll
show you how to handle him!” But by this
time the two men were wrestling together;
Royaler threw out a leg and tripped Bunt-
ing; the pair crashed to the deck. Captain
Meadows had never lacked pluck. He bent
and caught the seaman under the armpits
and lugged him upright. Royaler antici-
pated a joint attack and much punishment;
his free hand went to his hip. The long,
well-sharpened blade slid in and was with-
drawn—smoking lightly, with a thin red
film on its brightness.

  “You hound!” said Meadows, and placed
his hand on his breast.

  He moved quietly away and looked at his
fingers; they were red and wet. Then he
suddenly sat down on the planking, and
groped at the deck-seams with fingers that
crooked convulsively. He coughed thick-
ly, and looked wonderingly at Royaler, who
was crouching behind the wheel with the
still reeking knife advanced.

  “You try it—that’s all,” said the seaman
uglily.

  That was all he said at the moment, be-
cause Mr. Bunting whipped a belaying-pin
from the rail and threw it with some small
skill. It took the murderer full in the fore-
head, and he collapsed as a pricked balloon
might. But it was too late to help Captain
Meadows, who without unseemly fuss rolled
over on planking that was becoming sul-
lied, and quietly died, stabbed clean through
the heart by a man who knew his job.

  Mr. Bunting rose to the emergency with-
out a single thought of the advantage that
accrued to himself through his senior’s
death. He shouted, and the watch came
The Ship Remembers

55

  running; the man who h°.d been working
  aioft slid down a backstay and ran to the
  joggling wheel. The Euryalus was cur-
  vetting wildly and running up into the
  wind; there was a thudding of canvas aloft,
  the rattle of loosened chains, as if the whole
  ship were protesting against the tragedy
  that had so swiftly been staged on her decks.

    “Tell the carpenter to bring the irons
  along,” said the mate, and was obeyed.

    The half-unconscious Royaler was hand-
  cuffed securely by white-faced men, who
  stared morbidly at the still figure of Cap-
  tain Meadows. Later the murderer was
  roughly conveyed to the foul-smelling fore-
  peak, his hands were linked around a stout
  steel stanchion, the handcuffs were fastened
  again, and he was left to meditate on the
  mischance of fortune that had come his way.

CAPTAIN MEADOWS was quite
 dead, as the mate, who had seen
 death before, readily discovered.
 The second mate had no opinion to offer,
 but he was all for heaving Royaler over-
 board there and then, with a sackful of holy-
 stones lashed to his feet.

    “We can’t do that,” said the mate. “The
  law runs at sea, just as ashore. But we’ll
  keep him ironed up till we make port, and
  then hand him over to the authorities.”
  They later sewed up Meadows in a piece
  of fair white canvas, and committed his
  . body to the deep in the fashion of the seas.
  During all this time the Euryalus made no
  sign of protest whatsoever; she behaved
  precisely as she had always behaved.

     After the first sense of loss was over, Mr.
  Bunting commented on the fact. He had
  no evil to speak of the dead, but he thought
  it would lessen the weight of depression if
  he assumed a careless attitude towards the
  tragedy.

    “He always said that if anything hap-
  pened to him the ship would take notice of
  it and—well, I couldn’t quite gather what

  he was driving at; but-”

    “Why, a ship’s just—well, a ship,” said
  the second mate.

    They carefully preserved Able Seaman
  Royaler, feeding him sparsely on flinty bis-
  cuits, until the unprotesting Euryalus
  reached port. There the man was handed
  over to the hands of justice. The trial came
  off fairly quickly, and it is possible Royaler
  would have been hanged, but for the evi-
  dence of that man who was working in the

rigging at the time of the crime. The fact
that Royaler had bepn provoked was skil-
fully used by his counsel; and when the
death-sentence was pronounced it was ac-
companied by a strong recommendation to
mercy. Later a reprieve was obtained, and
Royaler was escorted to a remote penal
settlement to serve the term of his natural
life.

  The Euryalus was sold in common with
the rest of Captain Meadows’ property, and
resumed her lawful occasions afloat under
another house-flag.

ROYALER stepped out from be-
hind a bush and leaped like a tiger
on the motorist’s back, both lean,
scarred hands encircling the astounded
man’s throat. He dragged him back into
the undergrowth and released one hand suf-
ficiently long to pick up an ugly, ragged
stone.

  When his victim was insensible the con-
vict stood up and stripped off his telltale
clothing. He worked adroitly, with many
glances to right and left, but the yellow fog
stood his friend, as it had befriended him in
the first steps of his escape.

  Two years of soul-killing hard labor had
definitely disgusted him with discipline,
and the escape had not been nearly so diffi-
cult as he had anticipated. As he stripped
the insensible motorist, who had been so
thoughtful as to examine his spark-plt%s
at that precise spot, Royaler wondered why
he hadn’t made his bid for freedom long
before. It only meant killing a warder,
scaling a wall or two, and hiding up in un-
suspected holes and watercourses.

  Anyway he was free now, and he would
take extremely good care that he wasn’t re-
captured. Attired in rough and well-cut
tweeds, he surveyed the car.

 “Wish to - I could drive you!” he

said.

  But motor driving is seldom included
in the education of an able seaman; and
he was reluctantly compelled to set the
thought of a daredevil flight from his mind.
But this new disguise was something in the
shape of luck; and the fog was thickening.

  He was hungry and very thirsty, and he
took advantage of the blanketing gloom to
make investigation. A refreshment-basket
was forthcoming from the car; but a sud-
den dull thud that might have been a shot
compelled the murderer to take more heed
56

Adventure

to his life than to his appetite. What he
had already tasted of freedom was savory
on the palate; he cursed blackly as he
thought of the dreary mbnotony of personal
existence.

  His principal emotion as he set off away
from the highroad with half a fowl in one
hand and a wedge of brown bread in the
other, was U feeling of resentment against
Captain Meadows, who had caused him
to commit a murder that was really
unnecessary—and in circumstances that
rendered capture a certainty. Royaler was
not opposed to murder as murder, but
he preferred to do it under favorable
circumstances.

  But in the mean time he was free—as
free as the fog that swirled and eddied
about him. And during the long, black
hours in his cell, as during the long, terrible
hours of his toiling, he had planned this
escape in every detail.

  The dry land was no friend to a man with
blood on his hands and his soul; but the sea
was different. Once let him get afloat and
he would snap his fingers at all possibility
of recapture. He remembered reading once
on a time the story of a man who had not
only made his escape by hiding in a ship,
but who had also destroyed the entire ship’s
company when they discovered the mur-
derer’s identity.

  “It’s me for the sea—as quick as smoke,”
he said with his mouth full of unaccustomed
delicacies.

  That was the idea; either to stow away
in some vessel’s hold or else to sign on legi-
timately on an outward-bounder. It could
be done if a man knew as much about the
undercurrents of sea-life as Royaler did.
True, discharges were necessary as a proof
of a man’s good faith; but—wasn’t it possi-
ble either to drug or actually knock out a
genuine sailorman, who was the simplest
person in existence, and acquire all his
papers and his identity?

  Oh, no; Royaler had no fears on that
score, now that he was free. The land was
full of warnings and terrors; the soughing
of a tree’s branches in the light wind re-
minded him of the rustling of wind in a
ship’s sails; just as the Euryplus’ sails had
rustled on that day when-

  He forced himself to set that memory
aside because it created visions of old Mead-
ows’ blank stare as he clawed at the deck-
seams, and bred up a sensation as if his dia-

phragm had turned to water within him.
He was not at all sorry that he had com-
mitted the crime—he was acting in self-de-
fense—and he spewed out black and bitter
curses on his victim’s soul; but it was just
as well to try to forget the incident. Any-
way he had quite enough to think about
without that, considering the whole coun-
tryside would be up and about in search of

him. -the land, anyhow! Let him get

afloat and he’d snap his fingers at all chance
of recapture.

  “I’m not goin’ back to that perishin’
-he said.

  There was money in the clothing he had
acquired—a good sum of money. But—
once again a cold chill that was not bred of
the fog assailed his inward parts—the
money wasn’t any blasted use. That stiff
now that he’d deprived of his garments—
the anathematized police would find him,
and they might get from him a description
of the clothes he was wearing at the time
of the assault.

  “- fool not to scupper him, too,”

growled Royaler. “But one thing’s certain,
there ain’t room enough ashore for me.”

  As he went along—the sailor in him en-
abling him to steer a definite course al-
though the world was blinded by the fog—
he reviewed his plans for freedom. The
thing to do was to reach a seaport—a busy
one for choice—and to select a ship that
was on the point of skiling.

   By midnight, he reflected, he could reach
Rockmouth—a good place, the very moral
of a place for his purpose. Better to wash
out that idea of snaffling another man’s
papers, though—no need to run too many
risks. He wasn’t the man to spoil the ship
for a ha’p’orth of tar, not he!

   Avoiding roads and houses as if they were
plague-infected, he succeeded in reaching
his destination without arousing suspicion.
In a desperately low beer palace not far
removed from the waterside he secured a
rough-and-ready meal and sufficient rum to
warm up that chilled portion of his frame
which lay beneath his belt. He also treated
the other occupant of the bar to copious
libations; and on leaving borrowed his un-
known friend’s greatcoat and cap; both of a
pronouncedly nautical cut. As he left a
substantial tweed ulster and cap behind, he
considered he was treating the snoring shell-
back with the utmost decency.

   Snugly attired, exaggerating, the roll of
The Ship Remembers

57

his gait, with the peaked cap pulled well
down over his eyes, he betook himself to the
waterside. It was growing late, but in cer-
tain quarters of the docks there was still a
good deal of activity; men moved to and
fro. The fog was thinning, though fog-
horns blew weirdly from outside the port;
in the nearer harbor bells clanged—much as
the prison bells had clanged across the bleak
moor after the warning gun had been fired.

  Royaler cursed the prison fluently as he
dragged his coat collar up about his ears,
and gave a husky good-night to theconstable
at the dock-gate. He breathed with greater
freedom as the officer answered his remarks
without any suggestion of suspicion. Ap-
parently the alarm had not yet reached
this port.

  The keen scent of tide-water was good
in his nostrils as he threaded his way in
amongst the long lines of trucks that clut-
tered the many rails. The electric arc
lights were blurred by the remnants of the
log, and a slashing rain was commencing to
fall; but such discomfort was a trifle when
compared with the other discomforts of two
years past. Here and there steam-winches
clattered and hissed; a big steamer blew
down her boilers with a deafening clamor.

  But too many people were working about
the lighted steamers—far too many. There
would be officers about, too—and on prin-
ciple Royaler detested officers. Still, the
stationary trucks afforded sufficient cover;
and. lurking behind and amongst them, he
gave a careful scrutiny to the possibilities
of the situation. It must be remembered
that the man was a sailor, and familiar with
the fashions of ports. He moved after a
while to the string-piece of a quay, and
looked down at the sullen black water. The
tide was making, and he estimated that it
would be high water before dawn.

   “That’s a bit of all right,” he said.

  He looked up at the nearest steamer, at
her bluff, purposeful bow, at her skimpy
masts that towered away into yellowish un-
certainty, and saw light glint on thin wires.

   “Curse their blarsted wireless!”he said.

  That was a matter to be taken into con-
sideration though—a ship that was equipped
with wireless was a danger in itself. It
was more than possible, quite probable in-
deed, that a general wireless alarm would
lie sent out to all ships at sea, instructing
those responsible for their welfare to main-
tain a vigilant lookout for an escaping crim- ’

inal whose natural trade was the sea, and
who might conceivably be expected to hive
back to his customary environment. So
the common-sense thing to do was to avoid
a wireless-fitted ship. - Only, the worst of it
was that practically every steamer was so
equipped in these go-ahead, utilitarian days.

  “A wind-jammer—that’s my mark,” said
Royaler. “Windjammers don’t carry wire-
less; not much, they don’t.”

  He skulked back behind the trucks as he
heard footsteps advancing, and from this
cover he searched the skyline. His heart,
gave a leap of relief as he made out, black
against the gloom, the stately sparring of a
sailing-ship. Treading delicately and avoid-
ing the larger water-pools, he made his way
toward that pleasurable sight. This part of
dockland was quieter than the rest—no
night work was going on. It was a per-
fectly easy matter to slink toward the mo-
tionless sailing-craft. A single well-smoked
lamp burned at her gangway; there was also
a glimmer of light in the forecastle scuttles;
from that forecastle came a sound of maud-
lin singing, and one harsh voice threatening
destruction to any who interfered with its
owner.

   Spite of the chill that beset him and the
spatter of driven rain, Royaler chuckled.
There are certain sounds that can not be
mistaken by any one conversant with their
meaning. This drowsing ship was due to
sail almost at once—probably with the flood
that morning.

  “They’ve oiled themselves up pretty
well,” said Royaler, referring to the deni-
zens of the forecastle.

   To his certain belief the ship had signed
on her outward-bound crew that day; the
crew, as was customary, were instructed
to be aboard by midnight—that certainly
meant an early departure. Now no self-
respecting crew ever stayed overnight
aboard a windjammer in a home port if they
could avoid it; on the night of arrival they
promptly got money—either from the cap-
tain or from the tailors’ runners, who were
only too willing to advance it, scenting
much ultimate gain. The day after arrival
they were all paid off, as owners did not be-
lieve in employing men a minute longer
than they could help. Therefore the argu-
ment was self-evident—the ship was due
to sail, and she was a windjammer.

  “A blarsted miracle, that’s what I calls
it,” Royaler informed himself.
58

Adventure

  With a clear line of retreat ready to be
utilized he lost something of his earlier
breathless panic and took thought to the
future. It was necessary to go to sea pre-
pared for a spell of hiding. Sailing-ships,
whilst offering many advantages also pos-
sessed disadvantages. They sometimes, for
instance, kept their pilots aboard for days
if they met with a foul wind, say. And
stowaways, unwanted, were always sent
back ashore if discovered before the pilot
left. Consequently a man must supply him-
self with a sufficiency of food; and this
Royaler proceeded to do.

  He left the docks by another gate than
that by which he had entered. He affected
semi-intoxication, and jocularly invited the
guarding constable, who was sheltering in
his cubby-hole out of the slash of the in-
creasing rain, to accompany him for a fare-
well drink.

  “You’d best get aboard, my son,” said
the policeman after the most cursory of
glances.

  “A’ right, ole son—just goin’ get little
soap an’ matches,” Royaler said, and stum-
bled out.

  A belated eating-house threw unreal,
ghostly lights across the wet pavement; he
entered and purchased lavishly, still affect-
ing intoxication. With his spoil parceled
and beneath his arm he stumbled back
whence he had come. A single truck was
drawn up almost alongside the windjam-
mer’s gangway, and from the corner of this
he watched his chance.

  The singing and shouting in the forecastle
died away. The night watchman, anathe-
matizing the weather, took a walk along the
deck, and returned to the gangway.

  “Go into the galley, blarst you, where
you belong!” grated Royaler; but the ship’s
custodian, wrapped in glimmering oilskins,
remained where he was until a steady
tread, accompanied by splashings, sounded.

  Royaler slipped under the truck just in
case of detection, and from this conceal-
ment watched the late-comer step over the
gangway.

  “Crew aboard, watchman?”

  “Yes, sir—you’d ha’ heard ’em if you’d
been a bit earlier.”

“Right. The pilot’ll be along in a couple
of hours. Give me a shout when he comes.”
“Aye, aye, sir. Good night, sir.”
Royaler hugged himself with delight in his
amazing luck. This would be the mate, of

course—he sounded genially disposed. And
the ship was definitely outward bound—
possibly for a three-months’ passage. Now
if only the watchman would cuddle down
for his customary snooze in the galley-

  The watchman stumped up and down the
deck a time or two, until the light in the
mate’s cabin went out; then he slipped into
the sea-kitchen, hooked the door and stirred
the fire. Royaler waited a little longer be-
fore slipping inconspicuously aboard. He
did not use the gangway—it was not really
necessary, because the deep-laden ship
floated low in the water, and her rail was
just about level with the string-piece. He
availed himself of the braces and bumpkins,
and landed on the deck without a sound.

  It was very dark, very, very dark; but he
was sailor enough to be able to find his way
about. He got away from the shoreward
side as a first precaution, and then groped
his way along the after-hatch. That was all
securely battened down, as was only to be
expected. He tried the main-hatch; that
also was secure. But no ship, least of all a
sailing-ship, ever left port with all her
hatches fastened—there were spare ropes
and other gear to be stowed away at the
last minute—so the fore-hatch supplied his
needs. One corner of the covering tarpau-
lins was loosely drawn over the hatch-cov-
ers; and it required only a little exertion on
his part to lift the wooden plank beneath.

  He slipped below, and breathed deeply
as a man emerging from a dive might do.
So far all was well; but his concealment was
as yet far from complete. Also he made the
discovery that he was tired; he yawned
heavily as he felt about the cargo, which
only partially filled the ’tween-decks.

  “Gen’ral cargo,” he said, touching bales
and cases and casks. “Oughtn’t to starve
here-aboard. Down the pump-wells, though
—that’s the spot.”

  He had himself in a previous life taken
part in the customary systematic search for
stowaways; and the deeper down he got the
better. He therefore wormed his way in
amongst the stacked cases and bales, past
the foremast, well aft, until he encountered
the stout timber casing of the pump-wells.
There was certain to be a loose plank—as
always—and he found it. Once inside the
stout box—it was nothing but a box—he
crawled about until he discovered the in-
significant hatch that led deeper, and he
did not consider his work well done until he
The Ship Remembers

59

stood on the actual flooring of the lower
hold. Down here it was stuffy; the smell
was far from pleasant; but it was freedom
and security. He ate a meal, coiled himself
down, and went to sleep.

“I’LL be hanged if I know what’s
got hold of the ship,” said Mr.
Friendwell. “She’s as refractory as
a woman! Look at her!”

  He jerked his chin disgustedly in the di-
rection of the masthead.

  “She won’t steer and she won’t stay—
we’ve got a Jonah of sorts aboard,” he
added.

  “It’s the loading—these rotten shore ste-
vedores don’t know how to stow a ship
nowadays,” growled the captain. “It’s all
in the loading, mister. Take my word for
that.» Look at her last voyage—as sweet a
ship as ever I’ve handled; as willing as a
horse—you couldn’t make a mistake with
her. Once we get out into open water and
the weather takes off, we’ll alter her trim a
bit.”

  There was no question about it; the
Euryalus was behaving badly. The wind
was blowing from almost dead ahead, and
in the narrow waters it was necessary to
tack very frequently; each time she went
about she shook herself, she was lazy, she
hung in irons and did everything that a ship
should not do.

  The newly joined crew called her by op-
probrious names because of the extra work
required in her handling; and they hinted
darkly that Russian Finns were amongst
the crew, or else some man had failed to pay
his washerwoman. That, too, would ac-
count for the bad weather—heavyr rains
and a baffling fog, together with sudden
unholy wind-squalls. They growled out
prayers for a fair wind in order that, now
they were away from the joys of port, they
might get clear into open water, which
meant easier times.

  And whilst they growled and cursed and
prayed the Euryalus slugged to northward
and to southward sheepishly. She soured
the tempers of all aboard her, and when the
full weight of the gale came away in a bois-
terous^squall that split the fore-topsail from
head-rope to foot her people were thor-
oughly wearied out. So wearied, indeed,
that the captain coiled himself down on the
chart-room settee for a snooze, and prompt-
ly sank into a slumber that might have been

death’s twin. So weary that the forecastle
lookout, folding his arms as he stood in the
fork of the forestay, closed his eyes—“just
to rest his eyelids a bit,” as he explained to
himself—and lost consciousness of his sur-
roundings and his responsibilities. He, in
common with his shipmates, had lost many
valuable watches below, and during the
hectic days ashore he had failed to coil away
a reserve of sleep.

  The second mate, who had the middle
watch, folded his arms on that teakwood
rail which Captain Meadows, deceased, had
often caressed, and began to think about a
girl at home.

   The Euryalus, as if repenting of her pre-
vious fretfulness, was now ramping along
in handsome style, with a heartening rum-
ble of wind in her swollen canvas, with a
vigorous flapping of cordage and the in-
vigorating roar of parted and broken water
all around and about.

  “She’s bucking up,” thought the second
mate, and yawned widely.

  He determined to go and look at the com-
pass very soon; but there was time enough
yet. The skipper had left orders to be
called at two o’clock. It must, Mr. Lorri-
mer decided, be getting on toward that hour
now. After a while—he was perfectly cer-
tain he had been wide awake all the time—
he went to the companionway and struck
a match to look at the clock.

  “-!” he said with a dropped jaw.

  The hands pointed to a quarter to four!
He would probably have said more; but at
that moment the Euryalus ran her bows
on a submerged rock, and the screech of
torn steel filled the air, drowning all other
sounds.

  The violent shock hurled the captain to
the floor, but he leaped up like a scalded
cat and gained the open deck. He was too
late to be of any real service—the Euryalus
was done for. That was self-evident; there
were no engines to keep her butted on to
the rocks; she was already sliding clear, and
the gurgle of rapidly inrushing water was
added to other discomfiting sounds.

   The carpenter, sketchily attired in a shirt
and sea-boots, with a shore-going hat
clapped on his head, sounded the wells, and
reported water gaining fast. It was very
dark, and there was a considerable amount
of sea running; the wind was increasing in
violence.

  The captain made the best of a bad job—
6o

Adventure

the ship was done for, but it was his plain
duty to save his crew’s lives. Some one
would suffer for this at a later date; mean-
while-

  “Get those boats out—smart’s the word!”
he said. The men wasted no time. They
worked like men possessed, but expertly
nevertheless. A lead was dropped over to
leeward, and a sufficient depth of water was
found. The lee boats were got out. There
was no time to provision them; but that
was hardly necessary, for the smirr of fog
lifted sufficiently to show certain vivid
shore-lights.

  “Hands abandon ship,” ordered the cap-
tain, and was obeyed.

  The Euryalus slid back a little farther
and writhed convulsively.

THE first shock of impact awak-
ened Able Seaman Royaler in his
concealment in the pump wells; be-
fore he was sufficiently aroused to compre-
hend what was happening—for the close
atmosphere, strongly impregnated with the
heady scent of bilge-water, made for deep
sleep—water was sluicing about him.

  He had determined several hours ago
that the time was almost ripe for his emer-
gence from this durance—the ship was
clear of the land, and making rapid head-
way to open sea. But he promised himself
another few hours down there—though he
had his story all made up and ready.

  He forgot the story as he felt the ship
strike again, and realized a sick heel about
her. He gulped as he heard the rush of in-
ward flowing water, and stood up—with
water whirling about his knees.

  “Got to get out of it, -it!” he said,

and groped about.

  He believed he knew every stanchion
down there, every knot-hole in the plank-
ing. He had slid down one stanchion when
first he came aboard, and if he swarmed up
it he would reach the trap hatch that com-
municated with the ’tween-decks and the
open air later.

  He had, however, somewhat lost his bear-
ings; the rush of water was confusing; but
his hands closed on a stanchion and he com-
menced to swarm up it. His sodden cloth-
ing proved a drag—the task was not so easy
as it had hitherto been; but he persevered,
and, reaching the top of the stanchion, felt
for the hatchway. It was not there!

  As he cursed below his breath the main-
mast carried away, and the concussion of its
fall shook him from his holding like a fly.
He descended into deeper water, and then—
he screamed. That water was breast-high.

  Madly now he searched again for a stan-
chion—the right stanchion; but he had lost
his sense of direction. He found one and
swarmed up it with a feeling as if a steel
band were tightening about his chest. It was
the same stanchion—there was a knothole
he had felt in the deck before. He shrieked
and descended—into water to his neck.

  Up again he went, only to encounter solid
timbers above him. His arms ached con-
sumedly, and his brain was aflame; he
gasped as terror clawed at his soul. But he
was not for giving up—he fought now like
a cornered rat. It was a case of climbing
up—up, falling down, up again-

  And then it became a case, as the water
rose, of clinging with numbed fingers to the
stanchion and howling out wild prayers
that he might not descend again. The wa-
ter rose terribly fast—even when clinging
to the uppermost part of the stanchion it
reached his knees. The quiver of the ship
shook him clear again; and he was swim-
ming, he was crowded up against the
beams-

THE Euryalus gave a frenzied
heave and tore herself clear of the
reef. The sound of her sinking made
itself audible to her crew in the boats.

  “It might be my fancy,” said the second
mate, who was a bit of a dreamer at the
best of times, “but it seemed to me as if the

-old hooker was chuckling. Didn’t you

hear?”
Johrv Jock Todd

PoBEBT

 Simpson

Author of “Up-Stream,” “The Goal-Matt etc.

M

R. TODD-

  Brock, who was Paller & Co.’s
agent in Segwanga, settled him-
self more deeply and pompously
in his chair and the corners of his sensual
mouth drew down.

  “—when I have guests to entertain-”

  He stared stonily at John Todd, his junior
assistant, and the firefly-dotted African
darkness that lay beyond the veranda
seemed to become deeper.

. “—I am quite capable of entertaining

them myself-”

  Brock leaned forward a little as if to be
sure that John heard and understood.

  “—without any assistance from you.”

  John Todd regarded Brock through
sleep-heavy lids, then glanced inquiringly
at the clock on the trading-agent’s desk.
The hour was exactly 2123 a. m. John was
garbedun his pajamas and he had just been
aroused from a deep and satisfying sleep by
a black house-boy—or steward as they were
designated on the Niger and Oil Rivers
generally—and ordered to report in Brock’s
office at once. Since he was a slow thinker
at any time—something like a steam-roller,
unhurried but devastatingly sure—it took
him some lengthy seconds to realize just
why Brock had sent for him.

  “You mean to say you woke me up at this
time o’ night just to tell me a thing like
that!”

  Brock reached for a tin of cigarets and
lighted one without taking his attention
away from his assistant.

   “John Jock Todd," copyright, 1922, by Robert Simpson. 61

  “I’ll wake you up,” he said with bloated
complacency, “any--time I please.”

  John hesitated. A trading-factory on the
Slave Coast of West Africa was not the old
familiar counting-house of MacCreadie and
Black’s in Buchanan Street, Glasgow, and
John had not been in Segwanga long enough
to appreciate the difference. He had heard
that trading-agents on the Oil Rivers were
more autocratic than ship captains, that
they treated their assistants as the most
bombastic colonel of a regiment would
never think of treating a subaltern, and the
precise measure of their authority was not
yet very clear to him. He would have to
think it over.

  “If that’s all ye’ve got to say I’ll go back
to my bed,” he compromised dourly.

  Brock grunted.

  “That’s all. Get out of my office.”

  John’s long jaw became still longer. He
did not quite understand Brock’s attitude,
but he was reasonably sure that he was both
unjust and insulting. And John Todd had
a long memory.

  “Just as you say.”

  He removed himself slowly and de-
liberately. A shade under six feet, raw-
boned and heavy of hand, he had placid
brown eyes that looked out upon the world
over unusually high cheek-bones as un-
winkingly serious as any owl’s. As he made
his way back to his own room, which looked
out upon that sinister shroud of mystery,
the bush at the back of the beach, he was
rather more serious than usual.
62

Adventure

  That he was the ^son of Jock Todd of
Abergowrie is of no importance except to
emphasize the fact that, unlike his father,
he was never called Jock. Jock is a fighting
name. It is the fiery Scotch equivalent for
the more peaceful and Biblical John and
as a rule, though, of course, there are excep-
tions to prove it, it is earned by those who
have made it their own.

  John had no ambition in that direction;
not even now. However, when he lay down
in bed again he did not sleep, but stared
through the gauzy mosquito-curtains and
painstakingly tried to justify Brock’s con-
ception of discipline. That was John Todd’s
way. He gave the trading-agent a scrupu-
lously fair trial before he passed judgment
upon him.

  He knew that he had not interfered with
the entertainment of any guest of Brock’s
within the forty-eight hours since he had
arrived in Segwanga, and though he had,
the previous evening, exchanged a few words
with the skipper and chief engineer of the
cargo-boat that had brought him up-river
from Forcados, when they had come ashore
to take dinner with Brock, he could not
bring himself to consider that sufficient
grounds for being awakened after two in the
morning to be hauled over the coals for it.

  As a matter of fact, he had put his finger
upon Brock’s only reason for so amazing an
exhibition of authority. Brock liked to
have his assistants receive an indelible im-
pression of his importance as early in the
game as possible.

  Reluctantly, therefore, John was com-
pelled, according to the evidence, to reach
the conclusion that Brock had acted with-
out any justification, that he had been
brutal and insulting and that he was small
and had an ugly disposition. Having thus
decided all that was necessary to decide
about Brock, John fell asleep again some-
what afraid that he was not going to like
Segwanga very much.

ENTIRELY surrounded by the
mangrove swamps of the Niger
Delta, which forms a part of the
more familiar Slave Coast and Oil Rivers
territory, Segwanga is bounded on the north
by the erstwhile ebony kingdom of Benin of
most unpleasant memory, on the south by
the equator, on the immediate west by
a fairly broad off-shoot of the Niger known
as Segwanga Creek, and on the east, from

its galley—or kitchen—stairways, as far as
one cares to go, by most of that part of
Africa which lies between the Gulf of Guinea
and the Indian Ocean.

  Apart from the consulate where the Gov-
ernment in the person of a district com-
missioner presided, and the establishment
maintained by the foreign mission society,
Segwanga’s business in life was trade; palm
oil, palm-nut kernels, rubber, mahogany
and ivory when it could get it. Seven firms
had built trading-factories on the right bank
of Segwanga Creek just below the Saganna
curve, and the Government and the mis-
sionary society had followed suit.

  The eighth firm of traders—Paller & Co.
of Liverpool—had chosen to clear and solidi-
fy a site on the left bank of the creek, farther
down than any of the others; and the God
of his fathers was not good to John Todd
when He sent him there.

  Segwanga itself—meaning the upper right
bank of the creek which he came to regard
in time as a sort of elysium—was bad
enough; anywhere in the Delta is bad for
the white man; but the Paller beach was
damned beyond redemption. A sun-flayed,
tornado-battered, mosquito-ridden habita-
tion, solidified and reclaimed from the
swamps, trade did not come to the Paller
factory as it did to the other seven on the
opposite side of the creek. Perhaps it was
really the ju-ju some people said it was;
perhaps it was simply a matter of the wrong
location; John was convinced, after a few
weeks, that it was Brock or Ganson or both
of them together.

  Brock was a heavily built, sandy-haired
man with pale blue eyes, thick lips and
small ears that lay closely against his head.
John Jock Todd

63

  He drank much straight brandy and said
very little most of the time, and when his
wrath mounted against' the black man he
used a hippo-hide thong in silence. His eyes
became flat then, something like those of
a hooked fish, and the only visible things
about him that said anything at all on these
occasions were the rippling muscles of his
powerful forearm. Quite evidently they en-
joyed the ugly business.

  His senior assistant, or shop clerk, was
a diminutive Cockney who answered doglike
to the name of Ganson, which was always
attended by an exclamation point when
Brock used it. Ganson was a remnant. At
some time in his rather misty career he had
been a promising lightweight in professional
circles, but that had been several years be-
fore John Todd met him. What John saw
was a pasty-faced, sycophantic, button-eyed
little man in a frayed shirt and dirty white
drill trousers, the apologetic ensemble being
crowned by a faded and battered sun-helmet
that had served as an umbrella in more than
one Delta tornado.

  In the shop, however, Ganson was not
at all apologetic. Sweltering in the pitiless
grip of corrugated iron walls which retained
the sun’s terrific heat and generously passed
it on to Ganson, he sold everything within
the normal need of man, including im-
ported coffins, and distributed promiscuous
right hooks and the far-famed English jab
for the edification of such of his Jakri and
Sobo customers as annoyed him.

  Ganson wTas often annoyed with those
who did not know an upper-cut from a hay-
maker, and the less they knew the more
annoyed he became. Even Brock, who had
seen Ganson in action several times without
saying anything about it, had known
moments when he had been actually
afraid of his shop clerk’s wickedly fast
left hand.

  Brock was frankly of the genus brute;
Ganson was just a far-off echo, and the
swamps and the sun and the torpid isolation
were more deadly than either. Between
them they made John Todd acquainted
with things that were not written in books.

LIKE every other trading-agent
on the Slave Coast, Brock was
known as the cap’n—a legacy from
the old trading-ship days—just as the din-
ing-room was called the saloon, the floor the
deck, the kitchen the galley, and the clear-

ing on which the factory or trading station
was built was called the beach.

  Brock, who had never captained anything
more nautical than an eight-oared gig-boat,
but who was gifted with a truly sublime
sense of his authority and importance within
the limits of the Paller beach, spent most of
his time on a lounge in his office under the
beneficence of a gently swinging punka.
And when the brandy bottle was empty the
punka-boy got it—if he did not duck
quickly enough.

  In the tropics the majority of men drink
heavily or not at all; yet Brock wras seldom
visibly under the influence of the brandy he
consumed. He never became voluble, never
lost his stride nor quickened it, nor altered
in any external feature except in the deepen-
ing flush that sometimes mantled his checks.
When his mood changed it did so without
haste and apparently without prejudice, but
when he struck he struck cruelly and with-
out warning.

  Twice a day, in keeping with the custom
of the country, he came in contact with his
assistants on a footing of near-equality.
That was at eleven o’clock lunch and seven
o’clock dinner—quite formal affairs served
in the saloon by a corps of stewards of Jakri
and Kroo persuasion, under the direction of
a Kroo-boy chief steward who was even
more glumly uncommunicative and forbid-
ding in appearance than Brock himself.

  Not only on the Paller beach, but also on
the majority of Niger and Oil Rivers trad-
ing-beaches, if there is any conversation at
those meals the junior assistant is not ex-
pected to take any part in it unless the agent
condescends to address a remark to him.
He is there simply to eat and to listen and
to appreciate the honor of being permitted
to be there at all. The agents call it disci-
pline and enjoy themselves; the assistants

call it-and vow to get even some day.

But they never do. They either die or be-
come agents themselves and, being human,
help to perpetuate the system.

  John Todd liked it. Because he did not
care to talk to Brock upon any occasion, the
arrangement suited him quite well. And
Brock knew it and bothered about it as well
as about everything John did or was or had.
He did not like John’s long, serious face, or
his brown, solemn eyes, or his large hands
and feet, or his accent or his silence or the
way he went about his business. Some-
times he said so quite distinctly; more often
64

Adventure

he merely growled unintelligibly and al-
lowed his junior assistant to assume that he
was displeased.

  John paid little or no attention in any
case. He was Paller & Co.’s junior assistant
and in his own mind there was nothing in-
volved about what was expected of him.
From 6 A. m. to 6 p. m., with a two-hour
break between eleven and one, he was called
upon to sweat and to become profane if he
cared to, and to give of the blessed hours of
his most fruitful years for four canned-food
meals a day and a hundred pounds per
annum.

  So, in strict accordance with his concep-
tion of his duty to the contract he had
signed in the Liverpool office, he received
the palm oil and kernels from the Jakri
and Sobo and I jo traders who brought
them there, paid out cargo from the general
store or stores as barter for the produce he
bought, kept the beach and the out-build-
ings upon it in ship-shape order and bossed
the gang of Kroo-boys who did all the hard
and dirty work.

  There was nothing in his contract, how-
ever, that said anything about Brock. To
him, Brock was just Brock, neither more nor
less; and though John cannily admitted his
authority he did not at any time subscribe
to his method of asserting it.

ONE morning, standing on the oil
wharf beside the hand crane, watch-
ing the steady stream of oil and
kernel-laden canoes passing on their way to
the up-river trading factories, only a scanty
few of them coming to halt alongside
the Paller beach breakwater, John heard
Brock’s cat-like step behind him. Like
many big men of athletic mold, Brock was
swift and sure and silent of foot.

  “What are you standing there for?” Brock
snapped. “Got nothing better to do than

watch those-canoes get away from us?”

John turned his head, surveyed Brock
from under the wide, green-lined rim of his
mushroom sun-helmet, then said mildly—
“If ye can suggest any way we can stop

them goin’ by, maybe-”

  “Suggest! To you?” Brock laughed and
the sound of it almost made sparks fly as it
rasped its way through the heat-heavy
morning air. “I don’t suggest ways and
means to my assistants, Mr. Todd. I tell
them what to do and they do it. Get off
the wharf.”

 “Just as you say,” Johi’i agreed, and
 walked off the wharf into the oil yard.

 “Todd!”

 John stopped. Several Kroo-boys who
 were up to their waists in slimy water and
 mud, repairing the mangrove stick break-
 water on either side of the oil wharf, looked up
 expectantly as Brock’s voice lifted suddenly.

 “Did ye want me?” John inquired pla-
 cidly, going toward Brock again, mopping
 his face and forehead.

 “What are those boys supposed to be
 doing?” the agent asked gruffly.

 “Mendin’ the breakwater.”

 “I can see that without being told! Who
 gave you authority to spend the firm’s
 money on breakwater sticks?”

 “Nobody. You ordered the sticks your-
 self from Chief Ilori a week ago.”

 “And you received them without my
 O. K.?”

 “I did. I thought that was-”

 “You’re not here to think. You’re here
 to obey my orders, and I gave you no orders
 to receive those sticks.”

 “Oh, yes, you did.”

 “I told you to receive them without mv
 O. K.?”

 “You said nothing about your O. K. You
John Jock Todd

65

told me to receive the sticks when they were
delivered and I did. They’re good sticks.”
“Bah! What do you know about sticks
good or bad?”

  “My faither is a forrester.”

  “Oh,-you and your fayther!”

  Brock turned impatiently to walk toward
the pile of breakwater sticks, but halted
abruptly and spun about when he heard
John say quietly:

“That’s easy done with your tongue and
hurts nobody. But I wouldn’t advise ye at
any time to repeat it in my faither’s hearin’.”
“What do you mean? Am 1 to infer that

you are-”

  “Not that my faither needs me to defend
him,” John persisted with a most irritating
lack of pugnacity. “He’s a big man up and
through and across—four inches better
than six feet—and he’s not like me.”

  Brock crossed the wharf in three strides
and stopped a foot away from John, who
did not move.

  “Are you—threatening me?” Obviously
he hoped John was.

  “No, man, no. Nothing like that. I’m
just sort o’ suggesting that it isn’t always
wise to insult a man ye’ve never seen.”
Brock’s impulse was to strike because he
felt foolish—a most unusual sensation for
him on his own beach—but his hands re-
mained passive as if some force other than
mere restraint held them so. Perhaps it
was that he suspected that John was not
afraid of him, because as he stood there
hating his assistant’s long, serious face more
than ever, knowing that he could beat it to
a pulp without a great deal of trouble and
that he would enjoy doing it, he saw no trace
of fear in it—not even a sign that John
cared whether he struck or not.

  With a throaty exclamation of disgust
and impatience that was intended to dismiss
John as being unworthy of any further con-
sideration, he turned toward the pile of
breakwater sticks, ostensibly to examine
them, but actually to take out some measure
of his bottled-up wrath on the Kroo-boys.

  “Here, you! Headman! Let me have
a look at those sticks! Edge!”

  The toe of his boot emphasized the order
and, principally with boot and fist, he made
an expert inspection of the whole pile, con-
demning about a dozen to save his face.

  “Too short! Any fool with half an eye
could see that! Throw ’em on one side!
Not there, you bushman!”

  5

  His heavy fist crashed against a luckless
Kroo-boy’s jaw and when the boy fell,
almost impaling himself upon the pointed
end of the stick he was carrying, Brock
kicked him till he got up again. John
walked off the wharf then and went down to
the kernel store. He had seen Brock do th- .
same thing to Ganson once, and he some-
times vaguely pictured himself in a !:'re
position, but he had never taken the con-
tingency seriously enough to decide what
he would do if it happened.

  Ganson had done nothing; snivelled a bit
and limped into the privacy of his own room
where he could become as vilely profane as
he cared to at Brock’s expense; then went
down into the shop next morning and made
the shop-boys and their customers acquaint-
ed with a few more jabs that had even more
snap in them than usual. He continued to
call Brock cap’n and listened, when the
agent spoke, as if he were a god. Complete-
ly cowed by Brock’s massive cruelties, he
was too much of a brute in miniature him-
self ever to have gumption enough to throw
off the yoke. To John, the little Cockney
was just an unpleasant voice and few
dropped aitches.

  In the kernel store where kernel-brown
lizards with red heads kept the place par-
tially free of flies, John tried to forget both
of them. It was shady and almost cool in
there and though the aroma of sweating
kernels was not the pleasantest in the world,
it had the virtue of keeping Brock out.

  Four large, round, twenty-eight bushel
measures—somewhat oddly called coolers—
that swung upon a frame, formed a dividing
line between the stock of kernels on hand
and the receiving end of the store where
John sat upon a high stool before a higher
desk and tried to make sure that he got
what he paid for. Most of the time he did
because John was a canny man who was not
given to careless ways of doing business.

  He was punctiliously careful, for instance,
that the percentage of shell adhering to the
kernels he bought did not exceed two and
one-half per cent. The limit was five, but
John thought half of that was better and
assured of a safe margin in that direction,
his principal anxiety thereafter was to be
sure that the native trader, with or without
the assistance of John’s own kernel-boys,
did not cheat him in the matter of the quan-
tity delivered. It was a part of their un-
written creed to do so.
66

Adventure

UPON a blazing Monday morning
not long after the incident of the
breakwater sticks there came into
John’s life a kernel-trader named Dawanna.
He was a Sobo, black as coal, flat of face,
full of strange gutturals and imbued with
a persistent desire to refrain from learning
to speak even pidgin English. But in spite
'his weakness for a simple loin-cloth, in
preference to the trailing Madras overcloth
which custom and his position compelled
him to wear, he was one of the biggest trad-
ers in the Segwanga district, and when he
brought some of his trade to the Paller beach
Brock opened a small bottle and Dawanna
sucked champagne through his filed teeth
as if it were square- face, while he dick-
ered with the agent on the question of
price.

  His canoes, attended by his boys, hugged
the breakwater, waiting to discharge their
cargoes of heaped-up, glossy brown kernels,
and when Dawanna came down from
Brock’s office, garbed only in a loin cloth,
his overcloth slung over his shoulder, and
tossed an order at his boys as one throws
a bone to a dog, the work began. John’s
four cooler measures were filled, tipped
over and emptied into stock several times
that morning) because Dawanna’s business
brought smaller trade in its train, and John
kept a careful tally of the number of coolers
passed in by the Sobo on a pad that lay on
his desk. His total when it was all over was
nineteen coolers.

  Dawanna’s figures, however, did not
agree with John’s. The Sobo trader claimed
that he had delivered twenty coolers, and
when John refused to believe him and fur-
ther refused to give him a “book” or check
for more than nineteen coolers Dawanna
cursed John’s house in jaw-destroying Sobo
and went up to see Brock about it.

  “What’s the trouble here!” Brock growled
in John’s ear about half a minute later,
while Dawanna and his boys and some
small-fry bushel-traders who knew exactly
what the trouble was, looked on. “Can’t
you take in a handful of kernels without
getting your feet twisted?”

  Brock’s face exhibited his dislike of John
and the smell of sweating kernels in equal
proportions, and some of the greasy, half-
clothed blacks round about snickered.
Brock wanted them to. He had succeeded
that morning in buying more kernels than
he had done in a month and it had put him

into a more pompously blustering humor
than he had enjoyed in many a day.

  “My feet have nothing to do with it,”
John returned without a trace of humor.
“There’s my tally and I stand by it.”

  He handed Brock the pad upon his desk
and the agent distinctly saw thereon the
nineteen decisive strokes made by John’s
pen, each stroke representing the figure one.
He saw, too, just how the kernels had been
delivered and dumped into stock; some-
times two coolers at a time, sometimes
three, and once all four cooler measures had
been filled and emptied together.

  “Must have missed one,” Brock decided
bruskly because he could afford to and be-
cause kernel shipments, when they reached
Liverpool, owing to shrinkage and general
loss, were often short of the tonnage shipped

at Segwanga. “Make out-”

  “I didn’t miss one,” John declared un-
emotionally from his high stool before the
kernel desk.

  “I say you did and that’s enough for you!

Make out a book for twenty coolers-”

  “Nineteen by my tally.”

  “To - with your tally! Make out

a book for twenty coolers!”

  John shook his head more in sorrow than
in anger.

  “I can’t do that.”

  “You can’t!” Brock looked at him and
the Sobo and Jakri spectators looked at
Brock. Though they did not understand
everything he said they knew from experi-
ence what was coming even quicker than
John did. “I’m running this beach and
every living soul that’s on it does what I tell
him and does it quick. Make out that
book!”

  John hesitated a moment or two, then
deliberately picked up his pen. When he
opened the kernel check book Dawanna
grinned and when he began to write Brock
snorted importantly and looked about him
to emphasize the fact that he was Brock.

  To the native anything that is written
is a book, whether it is a kernel check,
a letter, a shipping-mark or a volume of
Keats. He can not read any of them, so
they all mean the same to him. But he
knows the difference between the amount of
“pay” he receives for one cooler of kernels
and that which he gets for two. Which is
ample knowledge for his purposes.

  John wrote Dawanna’s book very care-
fully and presently handed it to Brock who
John Jock Todd

67

had intended to glance at it perfunctorily
and turn it over to Dawanna with a flourish.
Brock, however, did neither of these things.
He looked twice at that kernel check and
did not hand it to Dawanna at all. The
check called for nineteen coolers.

  “I’m afraid that’s the best I can do,”
John said slowly, having first taken the pre-
caution to get down from his high stool on
the far side of the desk, so that the desk
was between him and Brock. “If ye want
to give him a book for another cooler on
your own responsibility, that’s another mat-
ter. But I can’t put my ineetials on it.”

  Words sputtered upon Brock’s lips and
died there. He knew a blank wall when he
came to it, and though Dawanna and his
cohorts were not aware of it, he did some of
the quickest thinking he had ever done in
those few seconds as he crushed the kernel
check in his ham-like hand.

  Technically and strategically his position
was bad. With a stub in the kernel check
book showing the receipt of nineteen coolers,
it was going to be very difficult to compel
John to alter that record without giving him
an enviable opportunity to involve the
Liverpool office in the rumpus—a rumpus in
which Brock would be on the wrong side of
the fence because he was juggling with the
firm’s money while John was trying to pro-
tect its interests against the most brazen
kind of theft.

  There were many things which Brock did
which did not interest the Liverpool office
in the least. But this was not one of them.

  Also, there was a desk between Brock and
his lantern-jawed assistant, just then, and
as John had, quite unintentionally, backed
into a kernel shovel which lay upon the
floor and had casually stooped to pick it up,
the situation from Brock’s standpoint be-
came acute—well-nigh hopeless. Not that
J ohn made any sort of antagonistic demon-
stration with the shovel, because nothing
was farther from his mind. He simply
leaned upon it and, from an unbiased point
of view, left the question of the disputed
cooler entirely to Brock.

  The agent looked at the crumpled kernel
check again; then, in mongrel Sobo and
Jakri, which John did not understand, he
said deprecatingly to Dawanna and his
colored audience generally.

  “Long Face is empty in his head and his
book hand writes like a catfish!”

  He tore the check into small fragments

and threw them with a large gesture at the
woolly heads about him. “/ make it right
for you.”

  He went to the desk, opened the kernel
check book again and wrote rapidly. When
he handed the new check to Dawanna he
invited him with flattering generosity to
have another drink and left the store with-
out so much as a glance at John who still
stood leaning on the kernel shovel.

  Presently John investigated what Brock
had done, and found that the stub of the
check calling for nineteen coolers had been
canceled. Beneath it was another stub for
twenty coolers, initialed by Brock. John
shrugged his shoulders, closed the book and
said and thought no more about it. It was
Brock’s responsibility if the next kernel
shipment was short at Liverpool.

  But the agent was not worrying about
that. He knew that Dawanna had deliber-
ately cheated him and simply because the
Sobo’s trade was worth it he had flattered
him by allowing him to succeed in his thiev-
ery in the hope that he would come back
again. That was just business, however
doubtful its quality.

  The thing that bothered Brock with
daily, almost hourly, increasing force was
John’s very apparent determination to be
right and to remain right in spite of every-
thing he, Brock, could do to intimidate him.

  Brock knew he would have to put a period
upon the situation sooner or later; the only
kind of period he knew or cared about, and
on a certain Saturday afternoon when John
asked him—which he had a perfect right
to do—for the use of the gig-boat so that he
could return a recent visit of several of the
other trading assistants up-river, Brock
caustically refused to let him have it, hoping
that John would argue about it. John did
not argue. He hired a canoe and had several
of his Kroo-boys do the paddling.

PB|J| FEVER-LADEN mists were rising
Bfeg from the swamps and the blazing
heat of the day was blistering the
tempers of all normal men when John de-
parted. When he returned several hours
later—after having listened without com-
ment to some frankly blasphemous up-river
opinions on Brock—the sun had dropped
behind the drab-green wall of the bush,
leaving a heavy, humid night behind it, and
he found the agent on the gig-wharf, flicker-
ingly outlined in the dark by the light of
68

Adventure

a hurricane lamp in the hand of a watch-
boy.

  The watch-boy was not accompanying
Brock. He had come down to the wharf in
answer to a lusty hail from John’s Kroo-
boys, to lend the light of his lantern to insure
a safe landing.

  Whether Brock was waiting for John or
not was not immediately determined, be-
cause the agent ignored him when he landed.
A cigaret drooped from a comer of Brock’s
mouth and the smoke spiraled lazily up-
ward past his unblinking eyes, which, had
John been able to see more clearly, he would
have noted were a paler blue than usual and
seemed to have no light in them.

  John ignored Brock, too, and took his
time about the business of mopping his
forehead with a handkerchief a girl in Aber-
gowrie had given him. He had been doubt-
ful about accepting that handkerchief, par-
ticularly since it was silk, but he had finally
taken it because his mother had said—

  “The lassie’ll be hurt awfu’ bad if ye
dinna, aifter her makin’ siccan a bonny
ineetial.”

  John admitted the initial was bonny;
small and neat like the girl herself, and once
or twice he had wondered if he would be
committing himself if he were to ask her to
send him her photograph. There was a
space on the wall above the table in his
room where it would just fit. But he had
not done it yet.

  “Which place canoe-man live?” he asked
the watch-boy, referring to the canoe
owner’s present whereabouts.

  “He live foh breakwater side, sah.”

  “Tell him to come get canoe. Two day
pass I give him book for pay.”

  “Yessah,” the watch-boy said obediently,
and turned to trot off the wharf in the wake
of the other Kroo-boys, who had already
departed.

  “Watch-boy!” Brock’s voice came to life
very suddenly, even if the rest of him did
not move.

  “Ye—yessah.”

  “Come here.”

  The watch-boy came shufflingly, trem-
bling all over. John waited then, putting
the Abergowrie girl’s handkerchief back in
the pocket of his shirt.

  “Who told you to leave the wharf?”
Brock asked when the watch-boy was with-
in arm’s length of him.

  “Mas’ Todd, sah, he say-” ,

  “Did I tell you?”

  “No-no, sah.”

  “Good. Tell the headman—I want him.”

  “Ye-yessah.”

  The watch-boy departed hurriedly and,
somewhat like Bellerophon, proceeded to
carry the message for his own “execution.”
John still waited. He had to. If the watch-
boy got into trouble it would be his respon-
sibility. John was afraid it was going to
be a serious business, too, because there was
no doubt in his mind about the action he
would have to take if Brock persisted in
being unpleasant. He eyed the agent up
and down in a speculative way and, the
gig-wharf being of no great size, there was
less than six feet of space between them.

  Be it remembered that John was not
a fighter. If a situation were too big for
him he left it alone or sought some means of
going around it. Yet, thousands of miles
from anything but a trace of civilization and
on the Paller beach, of all places, where he
was quite alone, he became convinced that
the only thing to do under the circum-
stances was to turn Brock’s rage against
himself; to exasperate him so that he would
give him, John, a sufficient reason for hitting
him back. The mangrove swamps of the
Niger Delta do queer things to the most
unlikely of men.

  “I’m chargin’ the hire o’ the canoe to gen-
eral expense,” he said by way of a beginning,
and his accent was more pronounced even
than usual. “I’ll give ye the chit to O. K.
on Monday.”

  Brock turned his head slowly. His face
twitched as it might have done had a mos-
quito bitten him.

  “Who gave you permission to leave the
beach?” he asked tonelessly.

  “You didn’t, if that’s what ye’re in doubt
about. Ganson wasn’t goin’ out, so I went,
which I had a right to do. Nobody was
using the gig, so I had a right to that, too.
You wouldn’t let me use it, so I hired
a canoe.”

 a_jjj

  That was Ganson. John turned his head
and saw the little Cockney coming toward
them on rubber-soled shoes. He had been
within hearing when Brock had put his ques-
tion, and John’s answer flabbergasted him.

  “Ganson!”

  “Yes, sir.”

  “Take Mr. Todd to his room and keep
him there till I have time to attend to him.”
John Jock Todd

69

   “I think I’ll wait here and see what’s goin’
to happen to that watch-boy,” John said,
and stayed where he was.

  “Don’t be a ruddy fool,” Ganson advised
as gruffly as he was able, but John removed
the little Cockney’s hand from his arm as if
it were of no account.

  “After the watch-boy’s case is settled,”
he insisted irritatingly, then spoke directly
at Brock. “If ye decide to flog him, as I
know ye’ve decided already, ye’ll have to
have a wee talk wi’ me about it first.”

  “You are defying my orders, Mr. Todd,”
Brock warned in his very best manner,
which, as Ganson well knew, was always
a danger signal. “We call that mutiny
out here.”

  “And I’m goin’ to prevent you from bein’
a bigger brute than ye already are, and we
call that charity here or anywhere. If ye
have anything more to say to me about
mutiny, I don’t doubt but that the district
commissioner will be willin’ to hear it.”

 “-you!”

  “If ye like, man, if ye like. But only wi’
your tongue. Put a hand on me an’ it’ll

be the sorriest thing ye ever did.”

  Ganson laughed, but there was no joy in
it. Brock’s eyes became flat, colorless, and
his heavy right hand drove for John’s head
with all the precision and force of a piston
rod. And John dropped as men usually did
when Brock hit them and hit them right.

  But that was a long way from the end of
it. It was only the beginning. John was
dazed and dizzy and not a little sick. His
head hung over the wharf’s edge and he saw
the lights on the cargo boat that lay oppo-
site Marsden & Co.’s beach go around in
circles, then pop up and down. Then some
one was kicking him and some one else

with a Cockney accent was saying “-!

Oh, my-1” quite often. The kicks hurt

as Brock intended that they should and one
of them did its best to stave in a rib.

  So John slid from the wharf into the
water, which was slimy and unpleasant
hut also wet and served to wake him up.
He did not climb on to the wharf again.
Though he heard Ganson nervously inquir-
ing whether he could swim, he did not
stop to alleviate the sycophantic Cockney’s
anxiety.

  Under cover of the darkness he swam
quietly around to the oil wharf, clambered
on to it and headed stealthily, by way of the
galley stairs, for “home.” The blinking,

uncertain lights of the up-river factories
were a long way off; too long to be of any
use to him or the watch-boy then. Yet
there was a pitiless intensity of purpose in
every water-soaked step he took. The little
black house-boys—or stewards—preparing
to serve dinner, were busy in the saloon, but
he heeded their amazed stares not at all as
he passed through it on his way to his own
room.

  In a few minutes, surprizingly few for
him, he was dry and clothed again and on
his way down to the beach, where, around
one of the substantial posts that supported
the kernel store awning, Brock and Ganson
and the headman formed a vague cluster
illuminated only by an inevitable hurricane
lamp. The watch-boy was of the group, too,
yet not of it. He was tied to the post.

  John was dressed in his working-clothes;
gray flannel trousers, somewhat oil-smeared
and streaked with kernel dust, heavy soled
shoes and the plainest kind of shirt. His
jaw ached sullenly as a result of Brock’s
attack, but the swim he had indulged in had
revived him completely.

  He was not angry. Brock had struck him
and kicked him when he was down. He was
now, if he could, going to strike Brock
rather harder than he had been struck
which, from his point of view, was simple
justice and common sense combined. He
had no plan of battle. Ih fact the word
battle did not occur to him at all. He was
not a fighting man.

  Also, in championing the watch-boy’s
cause he was not thinking of Wilberforce or
Uncle Tom or of any one or anything like
that. Had the watch-boy deserved a
thrashing, as thieving, careless watch-boys
sometimes do, he might not have witnessed
the spectacle, because he did not approve
of it, but interference with the course of
justice, however crude and brutalizing it
might be, would never have occurred to
him. In this case, however ....

  Evidently Brock and Ganson had no anx-
iety about him having been drowned. The
headman had seen- him slipping into the
galley and had so informed Brock, who
evinced no interest in the matter. However,
when he heard John’s heavy step on the
gravel path leading from the house to the
kernel store, he turned about and viewed his
approach with lowering brows.

  “Just in time, Mr. Todd,” he said in a
ponderous effort to be facetious, knowing at
70

Adventure

the same time that he would have to knock
John down again. “We are just about to
begin.”

  “So we are,” John observed dryly.

KgS BUT he did not strike Brock as
Brock had struck him. With the
flat of one great hand, before Brock
had any kind of a chance to avoid it, he
cuffed the agent with all his might on
the left side of the head, and while Brock’s
head rocked as if he had been hit with
a paddle-blade John cuffed him on the
right side of the head to preserve the bal-
ance. Then Brock’s natural instincts as
a fighter overcame his surprize and, partly
to avoid more punishment, but greatly to
to put an end to such tomfoolery and take
matters properly into his own hands, he
closed in.

  That was Brock’s mistake. He should
have backed away. But he was the bull
type of fighter and liked to move forward at
all times, crushing the other man, as a rule,
by the pitiless ferocity of his attack; and in
this case, when he needed a few seconds to
clear his buzzing head, he did what ring-
fighters only too frequently do. He clinched.

  It was then that Ganson gasped aloud and
the headman jabbered something like a
ritual in Kroo, while the watch-boy, tied to
the post, did not know whether to be glad or
sorry. Dim shapes of canoes passing on
their way up-river seemed to hesitate to
witness the result of that conflict, and a
somewhat bashful moon came out from
behind a screen of lazily moving clouds and,
throwing the encircling black wall of man-
groves into high relief, shed more light upon
the battle.

  As Brock'floundered in to wind his arms
about John and rest a little while, John,
very naturally, tried to push him away, and
Brock had a momentary impression of col-
liding with the buffer of an engine. Just
a huge hand—John’s right—flat against his
chest; that was all that happened, but
John’s raw-boned body standing on sub-
stantial and solidly planted feet was behind
it, and a second later, the hand slipped up a
little bit and long, hard, bony fingers fast-
ened themselves about Brock’s bull-throat.

  Brock gurgled and tried at once to tear
John’s hand away, but John held on, slowly
squeezing the breath of life out of the agent’s
huge body. He was not doing it angrily
either; just methodically. Brock, then,

tried to punch John away from him and
John retaliated instantly by rattling Brock’s
head with a resounding cuff that made a
noise like a pistol-shot. That was John’s
mistake. He should have been content to
have gone on choking Brock, because the
slap not only helped to loosen his grip on
Brock’s throat, but also made the agent go
quite mad.

  That he was mad]with fear made no dif-
ference. Fear is often responsible for exhi-
bitions of superhuman strength and cour-
age, and when Brock literally tore his throat
out of John’s grip and leaped upon him and
beat him savagely to earth with several
wildly ferocious blows about the head and
face, he was spending more strength than he
could afford on a night like that, and was not
using his head at all.

  However, John was not a pugilist; he
knew nothing about pugilism and could not
take advantage of Brock’s wildness. He
tried simply to get his head clear and his
mouth empty of blood before he got up
again to stop Brock flogging that watch-boy.

  Ganson did not help him any. No one did
and he did not expect them to. The head-
man and the watch-boy were muttering to
themselves and each other in Kroo and
stood aghast at the spectacle of a “small-boy
white man” daring to fight the cap’n.

  The veranda of the house was lined with
equally amazed house-boys called to the
scene by Brock’s quite audible shouts of
pain and anger, and shuffling, naked feet
coming from the direction of the Kroo-
house indicated the presence of other
spectators peering surreptitiously around
corners, the whites of their eyes flickering
in a background of black in a fair imitation
of the firefly.

  Then Brock was kicking John again, tell-
ing him with hoarsely profane insistence to
get up, and the invitation concluding with a
name John did not like, he did get up only to
be almost immediately knocked down again.
And again Brock kicked him, while the
watch-boy whined and Ganson excitedly

began to talk to -. John spat blood,

rolled away from Brock’s cruel feet, wiped
one good eye free of sweat and tried to
scramble up once more to prevent Brock
flogging the watch-boy. He was not con-
scious of any great pain; just a sickness in
the pit of his stomach and a dizzy uncer-
tainty as to the exact location of Brock’s
feet and fists.
John Jock Todd

71

  Half-way up again, he found one of the
agent’s impassioned feet in his ribs. And
when he had barely realized the force of
that kick before Brock kicked him again,
John thereupon did another very natural
thing. He flung himself bodily at Brock’s
legs. The agent was quick, but he was not
quick enough. John managed to get a grip
upon Brock’s right ankle with one hand and,
the other hand coming instinctively to its
mate’s assistance, John hung on. He was
glad he had on his working clothes.

  Everything that happened then happened
in a very few seconds. Brock tried to kick
him and stamp upon him with his free foot
but John, gripping the imprisoned ankle as
if his life depended upon it—which it prob-
ably did—scurried on his stomach out of
reach and made the agent squeal as his
fingers bit twistingly into his flesh.

  Then Brock tried to drag himself free but
found that he had to drag John with him.
He had no strength left for anything as
strenuous as that, so he tried to stand as
firmly as possible and tug the ankle out of
John’s huge-handed grip and, of course, had
to lift the foot off the ground to do it.

   John let him lift it and slid a little nearer.
But he did not let Brock put the foot down
again. In fact he helped Brock lift it farther
than he intended and slid still nearer, pull-
ing the leg up and out, compelling Brock to
balance himself as best he could on one leg.

  A fifth of a second later Brock shrieked in
very palpable agony and called upon Gan-
son and the headman for help. But they
did not stir; at least the headman did not
and Ganson, not at all certain about what to
do, was much too slow in acting to be of any
use to Brock.

  Having quickly shifted his grip—one
hand at a time—from Brock’s ankle to his
toe and the back of his heel, John had
' twisted the agent’s leg much as a washer-
woman wrings out a wet sheet and with
a final very determined twist and heave had
hurled Brock’s unbalanced hulk headlong
away from him—not unlike the manner in
which his father, Jock Todd of Abergowrie,
tossed the caber.

      BROCK came to a halt upon his
ifWB face several yards away and John,
instantly getting on his feet, rushed
over to him so as to get a really good grip on
the brute-man’s throat. One of John’s
eyes was completely closed, his face was

streaked with dirt and sweat and blood, but
a whispering awe was all about him and it
increased when Brock did not stir; at least
not with any show of fight in his move-
ments. The agent groaned, rolled pain-
fully over on his back, tried to rise, then
subsided again, the main difficulty being
apparently in the right leg which John had
twisted so assiduously.

  “ ’Ere! Chuck it!” Ganson remonstrated
with John, who was doing no more than
look at Brock just then. “You’ll go to jug
for this!”

  “He kicked me when I was down,” John
remarked, breathing with some difficulty,
“but I’m hopin’ I’m not his kind.” Then
directly to the prostrate agent, who was
swearing brutally through his clenched
teeth: “What’s the matter wi’ ye? Are
ye finished or are ye just shammin’? I’ve
a sort o’ notion ye’ll take a lot o’ watchin’
yet, because ye’re a dog, Brock, and it’s
just common justice that ye should be made
to come to heel. Then we’ll see the district
commissioner about it. Why don’t ye
get up?”

  Brock made no answer and did not move.
He knew that his right knee was dislocated
and that John Todd was responsible for it,
but no thought.of*the district commissioner
had occurred to him. The D. C. could give
him no satisfactidn. Only his naked hands
could do that. He marked the presence of
the shadowy spectators and made a careful
mental note of the fact that the headman
and Ganson had not come to his assistance.
He would attend to them later, too, when
he had finished with John Todd.

   “Better chuck it, Todd, I’m tellin’ yer,”
Ganson advised again nervously. “This
’ere ain’t no joke.”

   “No, ye’re right there, little man; it’s far
from a joke, and instead o’ swearin’ the way
he’s doin’ he’d better, if he hasn’t forgotten
how, be prayin’ to the Lord to forgive him
for kickin’ me when I was down, because
it’ll not do him a bit o’ good to ask me.
Are ye goin’ to get up, Brock, or are ye
done?”

  Since Brock merely groaned and swore
still more violently, John stepped away
from him and, ordering the headman to
have some of his boys carry the agent up-
stairs-—if he needed carrying—he released
the watch-boy who was tied to the post,
told him to go about his business as usual
and then walked off, betraying a slight limp.
72

Adventure

  No one interfered. The headman, be-
cause John was white, dared not, and Gan-
son was utterly incapable of coping with
the situation. In another few minutes the
beach was almost quiet again and John was
conscientiously washing the blood and
sweat of wrath from his body.

BROCK did not have to be carried
to his rooms. Painfully and slowly,
however, resenting the fact that he
had to lean upon two of the most stalwart
of his Kroo-boys, he made his way “on top,”
looking neither to right nor left. When Gan-
son, following upon the heels of his master
like an obedient puppy, offered to help him,
he gave no heed, but when the little Cockney
timidly suggested sending for the district
commissioner, Brock paused half-way up
the stairs and looked back and down at his
senior assistant who was a step or two in
the rear.

  “When I want the district commissioner,
Mr. Ganson, I’ll send for him.”

  And with just enough strength left to do
it, he leaned all of his weight upon the sup-
porting Kroo-boys, swung his left leg stiff
from the hip and kicked Ganson quite
neatly off the stairs. Then he went on
again.

  Ganson did not get up for quite a while in
spite of the efforts of the Kroo-boy who ran
to his assistance. At first he thought his
breast-bone had caved in because Brock’s
heavy foot had kicked him there, knocking
the scanty breath out of his trifling body.
But presently, when the Kroo-boy had
helped him to a seat on the stairs, he sat
there for some time trying to realize that he
was still alive and slowly nursed a waspish
desire for revenge into a healthy state of
animation that had to have an outlet some-
where.

  Perhaps the spirit of John Todd entered
into Ganson; or it may have been only the
passion that rode the humid night, or just
the fact that one of Brock’s legs was ob-
viously not itself. In any case, Ganson did
not decide the matter hurriedly, nor did
he enter Brock’s room in a rampaging anger
and proceed to mop the floor with what was
left of the agent. He called upon the cap’n
as he might have been expected to, quietly
and servilely, and inquired again if there
was anything he could do.

  Brock was in his bedroom stretched out
in a Madeira chair with the leg-rest in use.

There was a pint glass of brandy in the
glass-holder at his elbow. His right knee
was badly swollen and was swathed in wet
cloths till the doctor came. At that par-
ticular moment he was just sitting and wait-
ing till he would be able to stand again. It
might be a day or a week or a month, but
whenever it was he would then tie John
Todd to a post instead of the watch-boy
and carve his name on John’s white skin
with a hippo-hide. He could almost do it,
too.

  “No. Nothing,” he answered Ganson
thickly. “Get out!”

  A house-boy—Brock’s own—on the other
side of the bedroom door which Ganson had
carefully closed, heard his master’s voice
and crept silently away again. He felt that
intrusion at a time like that, for any reason,
would not be wise.

  “Why the ’ard feelin’s, cap’n?” Ganson
pleaded. “I couldn’t ’elp yer, ’onest I
couldn’t. ’E grabbed ’old of yer leg and
’ung onter it, and bli’ me if ’e didn’t make
yer ’op like you was standin’ on ’ot bricks.
Then when yer ’owled for me to come and
’elp yer, ’e tossed yer on yer ruddy ’ead like
you was somethin’ ’e didn’t want. ’E ain’t
’uman, ’e ain’t! But that ain’t no reason
why we should ’ave a row. That didn’t
give you no cause for kickin’ me down the
ruddy stairs!”

  “Get out!”

  Brock tried to rise, but though he got his
left foot on the floor, his right leg refused to
follow so useless an impulse; and when Gan-
son was sure of that he went a little nearer,
his mean, pasty little face twisting and
twitching in suddenly revealed passion.

  “You’ve booted me and given me -

for a year and a ’alf. Yer ’opped onter me
the first minit I landed like I’d ’eard you
’ad a ’abit of doin’ when a bloke was new,
and you’ve treated me like a ruddy bush
nigger ever since, because I ain’t ’alf yer
size nor ’alf yer weight. When I wanted ter
’elp yer comin ’up the stairs you booted me
down ’em like I ’ad no more rights around
’ere than a mongrel pup. And now it’s my
turn, blarst your eyes! And I’m goin’ ter
mark yer so’s it’ll show, you-”

  The rest of what Ganson said is not im-
portant. Brock’s expression was much
more interesting. It was not wrathful nor
defiant nor calm. It was afraid. P'or the
first time in his life, perhaps, he shrank from
meeting the eye of a fellow man. He knew
John Jock Todd

73

better than Ganson how helpless he was,
how almost impossible it was for him to
stand and how useless would be his defense,
sitting in a chair, against Ganson’s speed
and knowledge.

  And Ganson was still fast on his feet;
lightning-fast with that terrible left jab of
his which Brock had feared when he had
seen it operating upon others, and he was
small and hard to hit at any time. Brock
knew all that; knew that the little man also
knew it and would not scruple to take every
advantage of his opportunity; and his flesh
crawled away from the kind of punishment
Ganson could inflict as it might have done
from the threat of a branding-iron. Like
any other brute of his type, Brock was
a coward before the promise of a punch on
the nose. Ganson hit him there many
times.

  “Get on yer feet, you blighter!”

  Even as he spoke Ganson darted in,
struck, and darted out again; and the snake-
like speed and suddenness of the blow was
more responsible for the whine that escaped
Brock than the force of it. And when,
a second later, with an effort born wholly of
fear, he tried to struggle to his feet, Ganson
feinted and slipped in—and out again—
and a red trickle drooled out of a corner of
Brock’s mouth as he flopped whimperingly
back into his chair.

  It was not a fight. Simply a new form of
inquisition; a deliberate, malicious torturing
of Brock’s huge pain-racked body by the
only method Ganson knew anything about.
He gave to the left jab of the squared circle
a new significance, placing it alongside the
thumb-screw and the boot.

  The world beyond Brock’s bedroom door
and windows was ominously silent; dank
and heavy and unresponsive to Brock’s
whining calls for help as the shifty little
Cockney saw to it that the nasty work went
on. Jab—a pause—jab—a pause—jab—
a pause—jab—jab—jab—jab----

  Brock’s boy, in answer to his master’s
cries, came as far as the bedroom door but
did not open it. He knew Ganson was in
there, and Ganson’s hands were like a ju-ju.
They struck one on the nose and the eye and
the belly and the jaw all at once, and
Brock’s boy had no desire to be hit in or on
any of those places either at once or separ-
ately. The chief steward, to whom he told
his troubles, felt the same way about it, so
finally and quite naturally they went to

John Todd, who was eating his dinner in his
own room and enjoying the change. They
told him that Ganson was killing the cap’n,
and John, who had heard Brock’s yells but
had paid no attention to them because he
did not imagine that Brock could possibly
be yelling for him, went to inquire into the
matter.

  By that time Brock’s face—but John’s
one good eye did not see it. Brock had
buried it in the pillow behind him and,
shielding his head with his arms as best he
could, only an ear was left exposed. When
Ganson began to punch that too, Brock
began to cry. He was still crying and Gan-
son was still punching when John went in.

  “What are ye doin’ ye little rat? Here!
Stop it! You’ll knock that ear away from

his head if ye-”

  “Don’t let him hit me! Don’t let him hit
me again!” came the mumbling wail from
the pillow; and John knew then that there
was no fight left in Brock’s body or his soul.

  Ganson stopped. He could not help him-
self. John’s great right hand was about his
thin neck and, as if he were of no more con-
sequence than a dirty towel, John flung him
against the opposite wall with a force that
knocked most of the venom out of his sys-
tem. Ere he could recover from the shock,
John gripped him by the neck again and
compelling him to stand upright, shook him
till his teeth rattled.

  “What do ye mean by it? Hittin’ a help-
less man like that? Are ye daft?”

  “Don’t let him hit me!” Brock whimpered

again into the pillow. “Don’t let him-”

  “Oh, you hold your tongue, you big,
blubberin’ bairn!”

  Brock obeyed instantly. Ganson’s arms
hung limply at his sides. His legs were
weaving under him, his face was like chalk
and perspiration streamed from him like
rain.

  “I marked ’im! I marked the blighter.
’E’s a mess, that’s what—just a ruddy

mess!”

  John took Ganson’s word for it. He
tightened his hold upon the little Cockney’s
neck and said dryly:

  “Come wi’ me, little man, and I’ll put
ye to your bed. That’ll be the safest place
for you. I’m thinkin’, because I’m afraid
ye’ve got a vicious disposeetion.”

  And, much as if he were trailing a sack
behind him, he dragged Ganson from the
room.
74

Adventure

JOHN went up-river again that
night,'this time in the gig, only to
find that the story of the manner
in which he had brought about Brock’s
downfall had preceded him. Half-way to
the district commissioner’s, whither he was
bound, he was met by a gigful of traders’
assistants who were going down to the
Paller beach to find out if there was any
truth in the later story that Ganson had
killed the agent.

  John told them solemnly that there was
not, and though they seemed disappointed
about it, they turned and went back with
him to hear him tell Daniel Dane Parker,
the D. C., his version of the whole business.
Which he did and later proved every word
of it to the D. C.’s complete satisfaction.
So that Brock was quietly but officially re-
moved from the country and John, for a

time, ran the Paller factory alone until the
Liverpool office sent him an assistant or
two. It was thought best to invalid
Ganson home because his heart was
bad.

  But the thing that sticks in John’s crop
is the fact that when he had finished telling
his story to the D. C., a compatriot of his,
meeting him on the way to the consulate
gig-wharf, greeted him most familiarly with:
“Hullo, Jock. What’s this I’ve been
hearin’ about ye?”

  Because, as John was careful to explain to
the girl in Abergowrie when, nearly two
years later, he asked her by word of mouth
to let him take her photograph back to the
coast with him:

  “That name may fit my faither, but it
doesn’t fit me. You know fine, Bella, that
I’m not a fightin’ man.”

THE two men broke into a shambling
run. One of them unhooked the
canteen from his belt and forged a
bit ahead of the other. At the
brink of the small declivity he stopped; an
agonized cry came through his parched lips.
“O God!” he groaned. “Jim, it’s dry!”
Jim came up beside him. He looked
down at the waterless water-hole. The
other man was exhibiting signs of panic.
With a sidelong glance at him, Jim re-
marked—

  “Kinda looks that way, don’t it?”

  The other hurled the now useless canteen
to the ground and began to curse the Deity
he had a moment before invoked. His

action suggested the blind frenzy of despair.
Jim looked at his partner steadily.

  “Save yer breath, Bob.” He spoke in a
low, even tone that checked the other’s mad
outburst. “Better drop yer gun too; extra
weight.”

  He let his own cartridge belt and holster
drop by way of example, but Bob did not
follow suit. Instead, at the mention of the
word “gun,” a wild look crept into his eyes.
Jim saw and acted quickly.

  “No, you don’t,” he said, yanking Bob’s
weapon from its sheath and flinging it as far
as he was able. “Bob, old man, ketch hold
on yerself. We’re livin’ yet, ain’t we? We
still got some chance o’ gettin’ through.
Desert Men

75

It's a cinch we ain’t the only rats out’n this
here desert; we’re liable to pick up with
somebody who’s got water to spare, ’n-”

  “No chance,” muttered Bob, “we’re as
good as dead already.”

  “Aw, cut it! Then we gotta make Bed-
rock. We c’n do it by goin’ steady. C’mon;
git goin’; we wasted too much time now.”
Jim started off in the direction of the small
town of Bedrock, their only hope. Bob
shuffled after him.

  With hat brims pulled down to shade
their eyes and heads bent forward the two
men walked in an inferno. Not a vestige
of shade anywhere; the trackless waste
afforded not an inch of shelter from the
merciless sun that beat down upon them
from a coppery sky; the heat devils danced
and whirled around them. Yet they went
on, because one was fired by the desire to
live and possessed the strength of will to
drive the other.

  It was hell! Step, step, step, until walk-
ing became automatic. A burning thirst
precluded other suffering, their parched
throats and caked lips cried insistently for
water. As if in punishment for Bob’s
blasphemy the sun shone with a terrible
brilliance. And, by an irony of fate, Jim’s
canteen hung, unnoticed, at his side.
Neither spoke; there was no need for con-
versation. When Bob faltered in his stride,
Jim grasped him by the arm and urged him
on. And still they went plodding on. How
long, Jim asked himself, would the fight
continue?

  All the rest of that day they fought their
way step by tortuous step across the blaz-
ing sand. To Jim the struggle for life be-
came an obsession; in his semi-delirium he
fancied the sun a living enemy. He shook
his fist at it, tried to swear at it, and drag-
ged Bob with him to defeat its efforts to
kill them.

iff® WITH evening came a slight mea-
g&JjS sure of relief. They flung their
* " aching bodies to the cooling sand to
rest. When they had lain there for some
time Jim turned to rise. In the movement
he felt the canteen at his side, snatched it
eagerly and shook it. The hope that had
started in his breast died when no gurgle
came to his ear; in his feverish state he’d
forgotten that the thing had been emptied.
He dropped it beside his partner who lay
outstretched with his eyes closed. Then,

the nucleus of a wild idea germinating in
his brain, he snatched it up again and re-
turned it to the hook on his belt. It took
a good deal of effort to kick Bob to his feet,
but Jim succeeded after renewed attempts,
and off they started again on their weary
march.

  Had any one ever accused Jim Coulter of
being a psychologist he would have an-
swered, “I don’t sabe Greek. What’s it
in ord’nary lingo?” Yet the crazy scheme
he turned over in his mind would have been
worthy of a scientist. No student of “mind
over matter” was Jim, however; so we’ll
say that Providence suggested the plan to
him and let it go at that.

  With the dawn of the next day Bob sank
down without a word and stubbornly
refused to move and Jim dropped to the
sand beside him to gather what little
strength he had in reserve. After a short
time he crawled to his feet and unhooked
the canteen from his belt. Then he bent
over the prostrate form of his partner and
shook him. When Bob looked up at him he
held the canteen up to his lips and pretended
to drink from it. At this Bob’s eyes grew
wide.

  He raised himself on one hand and held
out the other; his jaw dropped in amaze-
ment when Jim, forcing a grin through the
alkali dust on his face, shook his head and
turned away. Bob tried to speak, but no
sound issued from his throat. The word
“water” formed on his lips. Jim had water;
Jim had water; Jim had water!

  The thought burned into his brain with
insistence; he got drunkenly to his feet and
staggered after him. The mad race had
begun!

  Jim turned and held the canteen to bis
lips again, tauntingly. A horrible scream
forced its rasping way up from Bob’s
throat; he tried to run forward and fell.
He got up again and lurched after Jim who
had water, water; Jim had water and
wouldn’t give him any! Jim realized now
that he had created a raving Frankenstein
monster that threatened to destroy him.
He hooked the canteen to his belt and did
not turn again.

OVER the hill that hides the town
of Bedrock from the expanse of the
great desert two grizzled old pros-
pectors urged their flea-bitten burros. As
they stopped at the brow of the ascent to
7 6

Adventure

wipe their perspiring faces one of them
dropped his bandanna.

  “Jumpin’ horse-flies!” he yelled. “Look,
Dusty!”

  Dusty, following with his eyes the direc-
tion indicated by the other’s outstretched
arm, beheld the figure of a man crawling,
followed at a distance of about twenty feet
by another who staggered drunkenly. Both
old men started down the other side of the
hill at a dead run. They reached the pair
just in time to prevent the second fellow,
who had caught up with the other, from
falling upon him.

  Despite his apparent weakened condi-
tion, the man seemed endowed with the
strength of a maniac and presented a tough
problem which Dusty solved by tapping him
on the head with the butt of his Colt.
They then turned their attentions to the
other who still showed signs of life. On his
belt was a canteen which they found to be
empty.

  “Here, Samuel,” said Dusty to the other,
“you take the water bag an’ ’tend to ’em
while I beat it back to town fer help.”

  It took some time and careful nursing to
bring Bob back to his health and normal
mentality, but a doctor who had been im-
ported from a more modern town than Bed-
rock accomplished this successfully. Once
he had regained control of his reasoning,
Bob was not long in coming to the realiza-
tion of what his partner had done for him.
After their burros had strayed away from
them during the sand-storm that had buried
their water-bags, Jim’s canteen had been
emptied first, and there remained only the
obvious conclusion that Jim had literally
taunted him into saving himself. When Jim,
hearing that his friend was convalescent,
came to see him Bob had tears in his
eyes.

  “Jim, old-timer,” he said after they shook
hands, “I’m gonna give you my share in the
mine. You saved my worthless carcass an’
that’s the least I can do.”

  “Like-you are! Listen, Bob,” Jim

added when he saw the protest forming on
his lips, “how in blazes do you think I could
’a’ got through if I didn’t have you a-tearin’
after me re^dy to chaw me up?”

Old 9moothBore§

FAENHAM BISHOP

Author of “The Deacon s Seventy-four,” “Yankee Tricks,” etc.

O"

ra

LORD, they’re at it again!”
A deep chorus of groans went
up from the group of Ameri-
cans and Englishmen on the
galley of the “Confederate Consulate” at
Puerto Velasco, that frowzy little seaport of
the frowzy little Republic of Equatan.

  “Come on, you chaps, let’s go over to the
Central,” said Murray, the British consul.
“No use staying here.”

  “I should say not,” indorsed Bogardus of

the Ferrocarril Nacional with a disgusted
oath. “And the drinks are on you, Grim-
shaw. What in tropical Tophet did you
do it for?”

  “Do what?” asked the bewildered young
mining engineer, who was new to the coun-
try. “What on earth do you mean?”
“American Civil War has started again,
that’s all,” drawled Murray. “Can’t you
hear it raging?”

  He jerked his head toward the far end of
Old Smooth Bores

77

the long veranda, where the only two men
had not risen with the rest were sitting bolt-
upright on the edges of their chairs and
glaring into each other’s faces while they
argued furiously. As both were talking at
the same time and at the top of their
voices, Grimshaw could only catch disjointed
fragments:

  “Hampton Roads—rip-raps—busted her
wide open—unroofed his pilot-house, suh—
’leven - inch shells—reduced charges—
Worden—Buchanan—Catesby ap Jones!”
“The opening chorus,” said the railroad
man wearily. “They’ll calm down after
a while and sing the same old solos and re-
sponses back and forth all night. Come on,
Grimshaw, what are you waiting for?”

  “To say good night to our host,” an-
swered the young man stiffly.

  “Quite right,” approved the English-
man. “But really you’re not offending
him by going away like this. In fact, he’ll
hunt you up tomorrow and apologize
profusely for forgetting himself—and next
time it will be the same thing over again.
We’re used to it, here in Puerto Velasco.

  “Captain Tyler and Captain Holcomb
are two of the sanest and most courteous
gentlemen alive until some one makes the
error of referring to the naval operations
of your late Civil War. Then they go
quite mad, just like that.”

  “And the man who is guilty of starting
them off is fined a round of drinks for the
crowd,” explained Bogardus. “For this is
the best loafing-place in town, but nobody
wants to stay here after the old smooth
bores start firing. Come on over to the
Central, Grimshaw, and set ’em up.”

  Grimshaw followed obediently, but
turned as they reached the steps for a part-
ing look at the two old sea captains. Deep
in argument and entirely unaware of his
going, they made a picturesque pair as they
sat there in the bright tropic moonlight.
Both were middle-sized, middle-aged men
in clean white duck but otherwise different
in every detail.

  Captain Ezra Holcomb, skipper and
owner of the Hattie Holcomb, was a short,
thick man with a short, thick beard and a
clean-shaven upper lip. The squareness of
his lines was emphasized by his rigidly
starched and ironed duck trousers and
double-breasted coat, as spotless as the
Hattie Holcomb's deck and with every brass
button shining as bright work should. He

came of a long line of New England seamen
and had held a temporary commission as
lieutenant-commander under Farragut in
the Civil War.

  Captain Zeb Tyler, C. S. N., had appar-
ently served as everything from gunner’s
mate on the Merrimac to handy man for
the Confederate Torpedo Service. He
hated uniforms and detested starch. His
shirts and white suits were soft and shape-
less, and he wore an old-time planter’s palm-
leaf hat with a wide brim and low, round
crown. He was long and lean and seemed
much older than Ezra Holcomb, for while
the latter’s beard was a grizzled brown, Zeb
Tyler’s long mustache and goatee were
snowy white.

  “Why do they call him the Confederate
Consul?” asked Grimshaw, as he and the
other two walked toward the Hotel Central.

  “Because he keeps the Stars and Bars
flying from that staff in front of his house,
like the flag on a regular consulate. Most
of the natives think he is a real consul and
respect him accordingly. He came down
here in ’sixty-six because he wouldn’t take
the oath of allegiance to the United States,
and he’s lived here ever since,” explained
Bogardus.

   “Fancy living fifteen years in this filthy
fever-hole,” said the Englishman with a
shudder. “Don’t you think he’ll chuck it
and go back to the States some day?”

  “Not unless they turn the clock back to
1861,” declared Bogardus. “He doesn’t
even know that it’s 1881 now.”

  They entered the crowded Central bar,
where Grimshaw did his duty.

  “And now,” he demanded, “will some
gentleman kindly tell me what it was I
said that broke up the party?”

  “You asked what sort of a warship the
Patria was,” answered Murray. “Fatal
question, that. Captain Holcomb promptly
replied, ‘A Civil War monitor,’ and that
last word was a red rag to Captain Tyler.
Our friend the Confederate Consul firmly
believes that the Merrimac whipped the
Monitor and that the Southern Navv was
on the point of winning the war when Lee’s
army unaccountably surrendered.”

  “i remember now,” said Grimshaw.
“I asked because I was wondering whether
the Patria would be able to run past the
forts and into the harbor in case Admiral
Flores is really sending her up the coast
to squeeze money and supplies out of
78

Adventure

Velasco. Do you think that gold-laced
pirate will do anything of the kind?”

   “I rather fear so,” said the British consul.
“You see, I was down on the West Coast
in ’seventy-seven, when the Peruvian iron-
clad Huascar went on the loose and buc-
caneered all over the shop. Her crew of
merry mutineers bagged no end of plunder
out of some of the coast towns and bom-
barded those that wouldn’t pay. They
finally had the impudence to stop and rob
English steamers on the high seas.

  “When our minister protested, the Peru-
vian Government disclaimed all responsi-
bility, just as Equatan has done since its
own navy has started another one of these
floating revolutions. Two of our cruisers
put out after the Huascar and ran her down
in Ylo Bay.

  “She showed fight, and they found her
rather an awkward customer, for she was
an armored ship and they were not. But
they gave her such a dusting that her crew
were glad to surrender to their own people
next day. And instead of thanking us for
putting a stop to the piracy, the Peruvians
were loudly indignant because we had fired
on her. Rather quaint, what?”

  “All of that,” agreed Grimshaw. “But
who’s to put a stop to Admiral Flores if he
starts playing that game around here? He
has the whole Equatan navy with him, and
the forts are as old as the fleet is modern.
And there’s no cable nor any American or
English warships anywhere within reach.

  “Suppose the Patria or the big Conquis-
tador started to shoot up Puerto Velasco?
I’m interested because I’ve got about twenty
tons of dynamite and rackarock piled up on
the railroad pier where it was lightered
ashore from the Hattie Holcomb yesterday.
One shell in the middle of that consignment
wouldn’t leave much of the waterfront.

  “As soon as I heard the rumor that a
Florista ironclad was coming, I went to our
consulate to see if I couldn’t get a gunboat
or an injunction against bombardments or
something. But I found the American
consul flat on his back with fever and his
native clerks only know one word of their
own language and that’s manana. So I just
thought I’d mention the matter to you,
Mr. Murray.”

  “I sha’n’t forget it, thank you. But
let’s hope there won’t be any bombard-
ment.

  “I don’t much care if there is,” growled

Bogardus. “It’d make the company build
me a decent pier and give the old smooth-
bores something new to talk about.”

ffina “DON ZEBULON! Don Zebu-

Iffil lon!”

        Zeb Tyler found it hard work to
open his eyes that morning, for he had gone
to bed only two hours before, after fighting
the Civil War all over again with Ezra
Holcomb and a demijohn of prime old
Bourbon. Rubbing his lids apart, he
found standing beside his bed and shaking
him by the shoulder a plump little Latin-
American in a parrot-green uniform that
was two-thirds tarnished gold lace.

  “Good mohnin’, colonel,” said Captain
Tyler with an accustomed courtesy that
took no notice of such trifles as an aching
head and parching throat. “Am I to have
the honuh of yo’ company at breakfast
suh?”

  But Colonel Pablo Paredes, the coman-
dante of Puerto Velasco, was for once too
deeply agitated to think of eating.

  “Don Zebulon, I have come to crave your
assistance as a torpedero of so great skill and
fame. Our beautiful city is menaced with
destruction by those vile pirates of Floris-
tas. A monitor is approaching-”

  Zeb Tyler waited to hear no more.
Tearing away the mosquito-bar, he leaped
out of bed and ran out on the veranda—or
as he insisted on calling it, the gallery—for
a look to seaward. His keen gray eyes,
undimmed by age, picked out a tiny,
familiar-looking craft slowly creeping across
the sunlit blue water outside toward the
two crumbling fortresses that a long-dead
Spanish viceroy had built to defend the
narrow entrance to Velasco harbor.

  The sight of her raft-like hull and single
turret was more than enough for the old
Confederate.

  “By gad, suh!” he growled. “It’s that
blank Yank monitor the Oswego—the
Patria, as they call her nowadays. She’s
headin’ fo’ the po’t suah enough, and she’ll
be within range of yo’ fo’ts inside of an
houah, suh.”

  “Within range of her guns but not of ours,
Don Zebulon,” replied Paredes sadly.
“She could batter down our walls from
afar, or steam past us into the harbor, with
the balls from our ancient ordnance re-
bounding from her armor. Therefore I
have galloped here as soon as the pirate
Old Smooth Bores

79

was sighted from the ramparts, to ask your
assistance and advice.”

  “And I shall be most happy to suhve
you, suh,” declared Tyler. He had a genu-
ine liking for the chubby little comandante,
who was a stout soldier in every sense of
the word. “My advice, colonel, is to ask
Mistuh Murray and the othuh consuls to
go out in a launch and warn those scalawags
against bringing down fo’ or five navies on
their heads by shootin’ up fo’eign propuhty,
suh.”

  “The consuls are about to do that very
thing, Don Zebulon. But in the absence of
all foreign warships I fear that the Floristas

      GRIMSHAW, patrolling the other-
wise deserted railroad wharf with a
•*==“ pick-handle in his fist and a small
mountain of high explosives and othei
tempting loot piled up all around him,
humorously compared himself to the boy
who stood on the burning deck whence ail
but him had fled. The native stevedores
had struck and departed inland at top
speed on the first report of the sighting
of the Florista ironclad. The freight train
that was to have carried this shipment up
to the mines was just now passing the city
limits with refugees clinging to it like
swarming bees.

will take no heed. We have neither money
to pay a ranson nor force to keep them out.
What then can save our city?”

  “This, suh!” cried Zeb Tyler in ringing
tones as, stepping back into his bedroom, he
picked up and brandished the almost empty
demijohn.

 “That, Don Zebulon?” gasped the
astounded Paredes.

  Draining the last of the Bourbon into
two tall glasses, Zeb Tyler courteously
offered one to his guest and poured the
neat contents of the other down his own
throat like so much spring-water. Before
the comandante could swallow his own por-
tion Tyler had tucked the tails of his
nightgown into a pair of duck trousers,
thrust his feet into elastic-sided boots,
clapped on his palm-leaf hat and was loping
along the water-front, shaking one bony fist
at the approaching monitor and with the
other clutching the now empty demijohn.

  Thousands of other refugees were throng-
ing and clamoring about the stations and
yards, where Bogardus was profanely
making up and dispatching trains as fast as
he could drive his fever- and panic-stricken
staff. Out of the frightened crowd and
down to the wharf came striding the tall,
self-possessed figure of Captain Zeb Tyler.

  “Mistuh Grimshaw,” he said, lifting his
hat. with a stately, old-time flourish, “I
wish to apologize fo’ my fo’getfulness of my
duties as a host last night, when I fo’ccd
you and the othuh young men to run fo’ yo’
lives to escape being bo’ed to death, suh.”
“Not at all, Captain Tyler,” protested
the embarrassed Grimshaw, who was trying
to keep his eyes off the demijohn and won-
dering whether the Confederate Consul was
about to produce two tumblers and pour out
a peace offering.

  “The trouble with us of the olduh genuh-
ration, suh, is that we live too much in the
8o

Adventure

past,” continued the veteran smoothly.
“We sometimes fail to appreciate the won-
duhs of the present, such as this, suh.”

  From a shattered box which the steve-
dores had light-heartedly smashed in throw-
ing it up from the lighter to the pier, Zeb
Tyler picked up a long yellow stick of
dynamite.

  “Would yo’ company be willing to sell me
a few qua’ts of this most efficacious explo-
sive, Mistuh Grimshaw?”

  “Quarts?”

  “Or howevuh you measure it, suh,”
said Tyler, thrusting the stick of sixty per
cent, into the mouth of the demijohn and
half a dozen more after it, as tranquilly
as a shopkeeper filling a jar with pepper-
mint candy. He took out his jack-knife,
split the end of the last stick and inserted a
detonator, wired it, dropped it in on top
of the rest, cut a groove for the wires in the
side of the cork and hammered it in tight.

  “Hold on there,” remonstrated Grim-
shaw.

  “Calm yo’self, Mistuh Grimshaw, calm
yo’self,” purred-Tyler.

  He closed the jack-knife, put it back in his
pocket and produced a large red stick of
sealing-wax and a three-inch square of thin
pine, whose serrated and pink-tipped edge
he rubbed sharply across the nearest dyna-
mite box. There was a fizz, a splutter and
the peculiar sulfurous stench of old-fash-
ioned New England card-matches.

  “Don’ agitate yo’self, suh, don’ agitate
yo’self,” he continued as he held the seal-
ing-wax against the reeking blue flame.

  Already softened by the tropic heat, it
readily melted and was deftly smeared over
the cork and neck of the demijohn.

  “I found this on Mistuh Boga’dus’ desk
in the station,” explained the garrulous old-
timer, bending over his work. “I took the
libuhty of borrowing it without distu’bing
his exho’tations to the multitude. Mistuh
Boga’dus has a magnificent flow of lan-
guage, suh. I have nevuh heard nobluh
rhetoric since the day I met the Yankee
captain of that blink-blanked monitor, the
Oswego. Did I evuh tell you about that,
Mistuh Grimshaw?”

  There was no reply because Grimshaw
was no longer on the wharf; the match-
striking had been too much for him. From
a discreet distance he watched old Zeb
Tyler ignite -and burn up card after card
of matches—also taken from “Mistuh

Boga’dus’ desk”—while the Confederate
Consul waxed and talked contentedly on:

  “It was in the late Spring of 1864 that I
was squattin’ like this in an obsohvation-
pit on the no’th bank of the Jeems Rivuh,
with my weathuh eye on the spot befoh
me where I had anchored a jimmyjohn the
ve’y spit and image of this one, suh, and
cha’ged with as much black powduh as it
could hold and still float. In my hands I
held the ends of the wiahs I had com-
mandeered from the nearest railroad sta-
tion, togethuh with the necessary electric
batteries, such as I but now intended to
obtain from Mistuh Boga’dus, till I thought
of a bettuh way, suh.

  “Aftuh a while, suh, I brought the two
wiahs togethuh and a Yankee double-
enduh gunboat went fohty or fifty feet
straight up into the air, settin’ on top of an
imposin’ column of watuh. I was so much
engrossed in this gratifyin’ spectacle that I
failed to obsuhve a landin’-party from the
next Yankee vessel around the bend down-
stream until they began jumpin’ down into
the pit on top of me, Mistuh Grimshaw.

  “They prodded me back ahead of ’em
with the points of their cutlasses to their
ship, the Oswego. Their captain was a
naval officuh of the old school, suh, and
powerful prejudiced against to’pedoes. He
declared his intentions, Mistuh Grimshaw,
of hanging me at his yard-arm, and was only
dissuaded by the sca’city of such-like con-
trivances on a monitor. Next he meditated
rammin’ me into one of his fifteen-inch
Rodman, smooth-bo’es and seein’ how fah
I’d travel when he shot it off, suh.

  “Then he thought of a still mo’ dastahdly
scheme.

  “ ‘Take this ding-donged, bing-banged
reb into the bows,’ he commanded with
horrible ferocity, suh. ‘Lash him ovah
the stem—make a cut-watah out of him!
Let him smell out his own dash-dotted
to’pedoes!’

  “And fo’ the rest of that day, suh, I
acted as the Oswego’s cut-watah while she
was a-steamin’ right amongst ouah ancho’ed
to’pedoes, or mines as you call them nowa-
days, Mistuh Grimshaw. I reckon I’ll
paddle out and anchor one of them right
now where it will do the most good, suh.”

  With a miner’s pick from another burst
packing-case Zeb Tvler swiftly burglarized
a couple of hitherto intact boxes and looted
them of much insulated wire and an electric
Old Smooth Bores

81

battery and firing-device. These things
and the loaded demijohn he stowed in one
of the cayucas or native dugouts moored to
the wharf, and lashed the cable of the heavy
anchor-stone to the demijohn’s handle.

  Just as he had completed this job to his
satisfaction the boom of a heavy gun drew
his attention to seaward. He saw the
consular launch coming back into the harbor
and the monitor following menacingly
astern. Diplomacy had failed; the bom-
bardment was about to begin.

  Zeb Tyler dropped into t he caynca, cast
off the painter and paddled out into the
harbor toward La Angostura—the narrow-
est and crookedest part of the ship-channel
that zigzagged in and out through the
shoals and reefs of Puerto Velasco.

pw* CAPTAIN EZRA HOLCOMB,
p" * stumping restlessly from side to side
of the Ilattie Holcomb's bridge, saw
Zeb put off in the dugout and remarked—
“What in Sam Hill do you s’pose that
durned old secesh is doing out there at this
time of day, Mr. Jewell?”

  “Guess he’s going fishing,” hazarded the
first officer. “Leastways he’s got a jug
with him.”

  “Crazy old coot,” growled the Yankee
skipper. “First thing he knows he’ll find
himself right in the line of fire.”

  “Mebbe he ain’t so crazy as he looks,”
drawled the mate. “Guess he’s figured out
that that’s the safest place to be, from the
way both sides are shootin’ just now.”

  The battle between the monitor and the
forts was raging with great sound and fury.
Each of the eastles and its numerous re-
doubts and water-batteries had a splendid
collection of rare old bronze and iron
culverins, demi-cannon, cannon-royal, coe-
hoorns, carronades and other relics of the
seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, and
all of them were blazing away together.
Steadily through the din rolled the deep
thunder of the Patna’s fifteen-inch muzzle-
loading smooth bores.

  They kept it up for thirty minutes,
filling the air with smoke and cannon-balls
and keeping the echoes busy, but doing
remarkably little damage to either the ship
or the forts. Then the monitor simply
steamed straight in through tl^c narrow
entrance-channel between the two highly
indignant fortresses, with occasional solid

shot bouncing off her ten-inch laminated
  c

armor. Up the long bay she angled from
the buoy till her captain judged that the
time had come to give Puerto Velasco a
strong hint to pay up or take the conse-
quences.

  So he ordered a sell to fibehred into the
heart of the city, now within easy range.
Round spun the turret, but the spindle was
worn and faulty and it turned too far.
The gunners inside, shut up in a perfectly
circular box, had long since lost all sense of
direction. Therefore the shell missed the
city by about three-quarters of a mile and
flew straight across to the secluded corner
of the harbor where the Hattie Holcomb
lay at anchor, bows on, and with five large
American flags prominently displayed.

  “Gol durn it, you were right, Abner!”
shouted Captain Holcomb as his war-
trained eye observed the big black sphere
with a trail of smoke from its sputtering
fuse curving down on them like a comet.

  “Jump for your life! She’s heading
straight for the bridge.”

  Skipper and mate hit the deck together,
just as the shell smashed its way below and
aft through the chart-room, fidley and
engine-room into the after-hold, where it
exploded. Luckily all hands who were not
ashore were forward watching the bom-
bardment, and no one was killed or even
injured by the flying fragments of planking
and deck-fittings that were blown up aft.
When the smoke cleared they saw that the
Hattie Holcomb was minus most of her
stern and sinking rapidly.

  They had just time to get the boats
overside and pull clear before she went
down.

  “That wipes me out,” said Ezra Hol-
comb, late skipper and owner, ruefully.
“Total loss and no insurance.”

  “No insurance?” echoed the sympathetic
but puzzled Mr. Jewell from the stern-
sheets of his boat, which he had brought
alongside the captain’s while they checked
up the count of heads. “Thought you had
her well covered, sir.”

  “ ‘Except by act of war or piracy,’ ”
quoted Captain Holcomb from the well-
remembered text of the policy. “It’s either
one or the other, Mr. Jewel, and clear sailing
for the marine insurance people. They’ll
never pay up in a thousand years.”

  “It’s war, by thunder,” declared the
mate with approving growls from the
crew, which contained an unusually high
82

Adventure

percentage of Americans. “They’ve fired on
our flag, and Washington ought to send a
warship down here to make ’em pay
damages.”

  “And what good’d that do, ’cept to kill
a lot of good boys with yellow fever, like
when they sent the Portsmouth to Panama?”
demanded the captain scornfully. “No-
body’s ever squeezed a cent of damages out
of these slippery yellow-bellies. The Equa-
tan Government will just blame it on the
Floristas, same as Peru did on the Huascar’s
crew.”

  “Then it’s piracy; and what’s a navy
for-”

  Mr. Jewell’s question broke off short and
remained unanswered as he and the others
saw the monitor suddenly heel far over to
port, right herself, push blindly past the
buoy that marked the next turn of the
channel and go down in a cloud of steam
and a shower of spray.

  “Give way!” cried Captain Holcomb.
“Lay ’em aboard!”

  The Patria had sunk in shoal water;
most of her funnel and the railed top of her
turret were still above the surface. Many
of her crew had time to scramble out
through hatches and gun-ports. Wading
breast-deep along the deck, they assembled
on the turret roof, around the little conning-
tower that surmounted it.

  “Sheer off,” shrieked the Patria’s cap-
tain, shaking his sword menacingly at the
\ narmed boats bearing down upon him.
“Sheer off or we fire. I will only surrender
to proper authority.”

  “I’ll render you proper, you black-and-
tan pirate!” answered Ezra Holcomb,
“Board! Board!”

  Unchecked by a rattling fire of ill-aimed
pistol-shots, the Hattie Holcomb's men
pulled right across the monitor’s sunken
deck and drew up alongside the island-like
turret-top. Over and under the rail they
scrambled, using boat-stretchers and knives,
Holcomb and his bucko mates leading and
clearing the way with smashing blows of
their iron fists.

  Peeping over the curved rim of the un-
roofed conning-tower, which was shaped
rather like an oversized loving-cup without
any handles, the Patria's captain shrilly
exhorted his brave bluejackets to stand
fast and repulse the foe. Unfortunately
for himself, he was unable to look in all
directions at once, though the fight seemed

to be going equally badly in every quarter.
Leaning over to starboard in a well-meant
effort to reach the back of Mr. Jewell’s
neck with the point of his sword, the
Florista officer failed to notice Captain
Holcomb scaling the port side of the loving-
cup, until he heard some one drop heavily
down behind him.

  Two mighty hands picked him up like a
toy, lifted him high in the air, turned him
about and shifted their grip till they held
him dangling head-downward by the ankles.
Around and around they swung him as a
hammer-thrower swings his hammer and
then let go.

  “That,” panted Ezra Holcomb. “That’ll
teach him to play pirate.”

   Terrified by their captain’s fate, the bat-
tered survivors of the Patria’s crew threw
down their weapons and surrendered.

  “Leave ’em be,” ordered Holcomb.
“Reckon I can find use for ’em. This
job’s done, but we’ve got another one to do
right now.”

   A piercing rebel yell drew his attention
to an approaching dugout, the first of
many craft now putting out from shore.

   “What’s yo’ poo’ old no-account monitor
good fo’ now, Cap’n Holcomb?” asked the
exultant Zeb Tyler. “All I had to do was
to set in a splint-bottomed rocking-chair
on my gallery and twiddle my fingers to
bust her wide open with a jimmyjohn
to’pedo, suh.”

   “You did, heh?” said the New Englander,
whose feelings toward the Patria had under-
gone a swift and complete revulsion.

   His wrath was still hot against the Flor-
ista fleet, but for the captured monitor her-
self he felt only the sympathy due an old
comrade who had fallen on evil days.

   “I’ll raise her,” he added, “and show you
what she’s good for, by thunder!”

   Zeb Tyler gave a derisive snort.

   “You couldn’t histe her up nohow, suh.
She’ll stay thar and rust till Jedgment Day.”
“She’ll be afloat again and fitten to fight
in less’n a week,” proclaimed Ezra Hol-
comb. “It’s the simplest kind of a job, as
anybody ’cept a shiftless Johnny Reb
could see in a minute.

   “The Patria's lying here on hard, clean
sand, in shoal water, with six inches of her
turret sticking out now, at high flood. At
low ebb she’ll be pretty near high and dry.
Most of the water inside her will run out
through the hole you knocked in her bottom,
Old Smooth Bores

83

and the rest can be siphoned out. Then
we’ll bolt a timber patch over the hole.

  “Mr. Jewell, you’d better go ashore and
dicker with Jim Bogardus for one of the
railroad tugs and six of those big flat-
bottomed lighters. Pick up a couple of
hundred fathom of wire cable. We’ll try
and sweep lines under the monitor’s keel
and lash the lighters alongside, three to
port and three to starboard, like pontoons
to help keep her afloat.

  “Mebbe we can get her own pumps to
working; by the way the steam went up
when she sank I calculate somebody must
have opened her valves in time to save her
b’ilers from busting. Magazine’s flooded,
of course, but this class carry their powder
in water-tight copper tanks, a hundred-
pound charge to a tank, so that’ll be all
right. Anyhow we can use the tug’s pumps
to take care of what leaks in around the
patch after tonight’s tide lifts her up and
we’re towing her over to the Gridiron.”

  The Gridiron was a famous feature of
Puerto Velasco. It was built between two
of the islands in the harbor and was big
enough to boil a sperm whale on. As most
of the water ran out of the port at low tide,
a vessel could be stranded on the Gridiron
and have her barnacled and weed-furred
plates scraped and painted as handily as
in any dry-dock.

  “Why don’t you float and fix up yo’ own
ship thataway, Cap’n Holcomb?” asked
Zeb Tyler. “Never thought I’d be so sor-
rowful to see any Yankee craft go down as
I was when those scalawags sank her, suh.”
“The Hattie Holcomb ’11 never float
again,” said her skipper sadly. “That
shell just blew her stern off, and she’s lying
in deep water and on soft mud that’ll swal-
low her up fast. ’Bout all we can do is to
salvage her deck-fittings and junk her top-
sides at low tide. I calculate to get my
money back out of salvaging the Patria.”
“What do you aim to do with her, once
you get her fixed?”

  “I’ll offer to take command of her and
teach these Florista rebs a lesson or two in
naval gunnery. Guess the Government
crowd will be willing to give me a com-
mission and hire me on ’most any terms.
And in the meanwhile, Cap’n Tyler, you’d
better make medicine with Colonel Paredes
and start fixing up some more of your im-
moral whisky-jug and beer-keg torpedoes
and plant ’em out there in the offing where

they’ll sort of discourage the rest of the
Florista navy from coming in here before
we’re ready for ’em.

  “When Admiral Don Pasquale Juan Ba-
tista Flores hears about today’s doings, I
guess he’ll be the maddest little man afloat.”

TERRIBLE indeed was the wrath
of Admiral Flores when the news of
the torpedoing of the Patria reached
him at Rio Verde. Vowing a fearful ven-
geance, he worked for a week to put his
ships into something like sea-going shape
and to commandeer enough coal to take
them up the coast to Puerto Velasco.

  The first sight of the approaching armada
was the signal for every foreign vessel in
port to make sail or raise steam and scurry
out to sea. Neutrals were taking no more
chances with the Florista brand of marks-
manship.

  Piloted through the new-laid mine-fields
filed the procession—a stately Royal Mail
packet, a dingy Spanish liner, two British
tramps and a Swedish bark. Then came a
miracle. Puffing placidly along at her
usual seven knots, newly painted and ap-
parently well laden, steamed the good ship
Hattie Holcomb.

  Her appearance caused great astonish-
ment but even greater relief to the insur-
gent admiral and his staff on the bridge of
the flag-ship—the great German-built iron-
clad Conquistador.

  “Obviously she was not sunk at all,”
declared Flores. “Doubtless she was not
even fired on. It was all a lie—a vile trick
of our enemies to discredit us with the
Americans of the North.”

  His staff nodded in entire agreement.
It was exactly the sort of story to expect
in the atmosphere of wild rumors and reck-
less propaganda that many Latin Americans
breathe from birth.

  “Nevertheless, we must not take too
much for granted,” continued the admiral.
“Signal the Vaquero tooverhaul that steamer
and make sure that she is indeed the Hattie
Holcomb. But let it be done with all cour-
tesy and with no display of force.”

  Away sped the Vaquero, a neat little
specimen of the new class of torpedo-gun-
boats, at a seventeen-knot clip in the wake
of the neutral shipping, which was unani-
mously heading up the coast to get out of
range first and set a course afterward. As
the diminutive warship came foaming up
84

Adventure

astern, she was greeted by a tremendously
loud hail—

  “Sheer off there—don’t you come a-
scratchin’ of any of my new paint with that
clockwork toy!”

  There was no mistaking the voice and
figure of Ezra Holcomb, known to every
child up and down the Equatan coast, or
the tall, thin, blue funnel, the ornate and
much admired gingerbread-work on her
wheel-house, and the other familiar features
of the Hattie Holcomb.

  “We were informed that you had been
sunk—we rejoice that it is not so,” replied
the Vaquero’s best linguist, as the gunboat
drew up abeam.

  There was almost no wind and less sea,
so conversation was safe and easy.

  “Rejoicings are mutual,” answered Hol-
comb affably. “It wasn’t this ship that
was sunk; it was the other one, and she’s
there yet, at the bottom of Puerto Velasco
harbor.”

  “Then she has not been raised and re-
paired, as we were told?” asked the Florista,.
thinking of the Patria and delighted to
hear such important and welcome news.

  “Take a look from your masthead and
see for yourself.”

  “Have any more mines been planted in
the channels?”

  “Thick as currants in Aunt Jane’s fruit-
cake,” warned Holcomb. “You can see
’em setting out more right now in the fair-
way, where we came out.”

  “Many thanks, senor capitdn, and good-
by.”

  “Hasta la vista,” bellowed Holcomb, as
the Vaquero swung round and departed to
make her report to the admiral.

  The Florista fleet steamed impressively
in toward the harbor mouth, where Zeb
Tyler’s mine-planting flotilla of dug-outs
and launches were busily blocking the last
open strip of channel. They scattered like
water-bugs when a- stone is dropped into a
pond as a twelve-inch gun spoke from the
Conquistador's forward barbette.

  But their work was done; and until it was
undone and the channel cleared again, it
would be suicide for any ship to try to force
her way into the harbor. Bringing the
Conquistador in as closely as he deemed
safe, Admiral Flores squeezed his bulk up
the steep spiral stairs, inside the towering
military mast and studied the situation
from the forward fighting-top.

  He could see the unmistakable funnel and
conning-tower of the sunken Patria still
sticking out of the water on Angostura
Shoal. Beyond lay the city, at the head of
its long harbor but already within reach of
the Conquistador’s twelve-inch Krupps.
However, there was neither plunder nor
prestige to be won by bombarding Puerto
Velasco at long range. Instead, Flores de-
cided to batter down the two old fortresses
and then send in his mine-sweepers to clear
the channel.

  Accordingly his four ironclads—the
Conquistador, Robusto, Esperama and Pri-
mer o de Abril—steamed in and opened fire
on the forts at four thousand yards—far
outside the range of the ancient ordnance
ashore. The gunners afloat had a glorious
time smashing up the two most picturesque
and imposing ruins in their native land.

SLIPPING into a convenient little
lagoon, just around the curve of
the coast-line from Puerto Velasco
and very popular with the smugglers and
gun-runners, the ghost of the Hattie Hol-
comb let go her anchor and lay there at
peace with the world, while her skipper and
crew listened to the rumbling of the distant
bombardment. If any one had asked what
they were doing there, he would have
learned there was a breakdown i;i the
engine-room.

  But no one appeared until about five
in the afternoon, when two horsemen rode
down the trail from Puerto Velasco. One
was a native cavalryman, who held both
horses while the other man dismounted
and walked to the water’s edge, where he
waved his hat at the steamer.

  “It’s the Grimshaw boy,” said Captain
Holcomb. “Fetch him aboard, Mr.
Jewell.”

  The young mining engineer, who was
supposed to be checking up the comman-
deered dynamite rather than doing volun-
teer staff work, was full of the excitement of
his first fight.

  “They kept pounding away all morning
till they had hammered both forts out flat.
Right after lunch Flores sent in all his
steam-launches and other small fry to sweep
up the mines and a couple of landing-
parties to occupy the ruins. Guess he
thought both garrisons must have been
dead and buried by that time.

  “Instead of which the soldados were
Old Smooth Bores

85

strung out along the sand-dunes back of the
beach, where they’d been hiding all the
time. Colonel Paredes may be fat, but he-’s
no fool. He let ’em come close in and then
cut loose with his Gatlings and Remingtons.

  “His fire-control was pretty good, and
even Equatan soldiers couldn’t miss with
bullet-splashes to give the range. Only
one boat-load of Floristas got as far as the
beach, and they had the bad luck to pick
one of the likely places where old Zeb Tyler
had salted down some more of our dynamite.

   “After that, the rest of the flotilla sort of
hung off and blazed away at eight hundred.
They kept signaling for their big guns to
open up again and cover the landing.
They opened up all right, but they scared
their own side worse than they did us. I’ll
bet those battleships hit everything this
side of the Cordilleras.

  “Something or other struck the Llanero,
one of the two Florista torpedo-gunboats,
and blew her into nine hundred little pieces.
I thought it was a ten-inch Canet shell from
the Robusto, falling short, but Zeb Tyler
said it was one of the floating mines he
turned loose when the ebb began to run.
After what I’ve seen of Captain Tyler in
action, I’m disinclined to argue with him.
He’s convinced me that the Merrimac
whipped the Monitor

  “He has, has he?” rumbled Ezra Hol-
comb. “Young man, you’d better keep

that sort of nonsense to yourself while you’re
on my ship, let me tell you. So you beat off
the landing-party and the mine-sweepers,
eh? What did Flores do after that?”

  “Sent in a flag-of-truce boat to notify us
that unless we surrender and let him in by
dawn tomorrow he’ll open fire on the city
at long range. He’s moved the Conquis-
tador and the Robusto in as close as he dares
and anchored them side by side in the fair-
way, with their big guns tilted ’way up and
torpedo-nets out. The two cruisers are on
either side of them, and the Vaquero and a
lot of picket-boats keeping watch to shore-
ward.”

  “Anything of the kind to seaward?”
  “Not that I could see, captain.”

  “Well, you trot along back and tell
Colonel Paredes to expect us somewhere
about midnight in his guarded tent,” said
Ezra Holcomb.

  Picking up his speaking-trumpet, he
shouted the most amazing order ever given
on shipboard—

  “All hands turn to and throw the ship
overboard!”

  Masts, funnel, dummy boats, ventila-
tors, deckhouses, and canvas-and-batten
topsides came down and splashed into the
lagoon, revealing the flush deck and squat
turret of the monitor Patria.

  “Dum fools never noticed we’d grown
nine foot shorter and two foot broader in
the beam,” chuckled Abner Jewell to Grim-
shaw, as he set the messenger ashore.

  “What would you have done if that gun-
boat had sent an officer aboard?” asked
Grimshaw.

  “Blown her out o’ water. We had both
turret guns trained right on her, inside our
canvas topsides. Then we’d ha’ headed
inshore for the shoals where the big ships
dassen’t follow and trusted to the good
Lord and bad gunnery. How’s that scare-
crow we rigged up on Angostura Shoal?”
“Still in place and looks from the forts
just like a half-sunken turret and funnel.
It’s dollars to doughnuts the Floristas
think the Patria is still there.”

  “They’ll l’arn different betwixt now and
daylight,” said Mr. Jewell. “Shove off,
boys.”

  “Say, are you going to tackle two battle-
ships, a couple of cruisers and a torpedo-
gunboat with that little old frying-pan?”
demanded Grimshaw, now standing on the
beach.
86

Adventure

  “You’d better ask Cap’n Holcomb, bub,”
said the mate. “Most of us fit with him in
the big war and l’arned to trust his jedg-
ment. Give way, all.”

  The younger generation looked at the
monitor, thought of the big modern Krupps
and muttered sorrowfully—

  “X will mark the spot.”

“PRETTY lot o’ blockaders,” snort-
ed Ezra Holcomb later that night.
“Lights a-blazing, all hands jabber-
ing away like a treeful o’ parrakeets and
somebody tinklin’ a guitar. Guess they
didn’t learn their trade off Charleston.”
With her engines turning over just enough
to give her steerageway, the Patria crept in
on the strong flood tide that was rippling
past the cables of the two big ironclads
lying abeam of each other on either side of
the channel, outside the mine-field, with an-
chors out fore and aft to keep them bows-
on to the shore.

  Both the Conquistador and the Robusto
were “citadel-type” battleships, with their
engines and main batteries inside a stout
iron fortress amidships. The former car-
ried her four twelve-inch Krupps in two
barbettes, placed in diagonally opposite
corners of the central citadel, so that all
f.our could be fired dead ahead or astern or
right abeam. The French-built Robusto
had a battery-plan that looked like the ace
of diamonds, with a big gun at each angle,
whereby she could train any three of them
on the same target.

  Both ships were so long and drew so
much water that they could not lie athwart
the channel without either grounding or
masking each other’s fire. As they were,
with their torpedo-nets out to ward off
drifting mines and all hostile guns sup-
posedly sunk or smashed, their admiral
wasted no worries on possible attacks.

  He was having trouble enough with his
own captains, to judge from the acrimonious
language that came floating out of the
brightly lighted cabin where they were
holding a council of war that sounded as if
it were about to break up into a mutiny
within a mutiny. Everybody aft was too
much interested in trying to catch the drift
of the argument to notice the monitor drift-
ing silently up on their port quarter.

  “Fire!” barked Ezra Holcomb into the
voice-tube leading from the conning-tower
down into the turret.

  A four-hundred-and-fifty-pound solid
shot punched through the battleship’s thin
steel skin well abaft the central armor-belt
to port and a little above the water-line,
passed through a few bulkheads and came
out to starboard, a trifle below the water-
line. A three-hundred-and-fifty-pound shell,
having less penetrative power, went only as
far as the angle between an empty coal-
bunker and the far side of the ship and
stayed there for three and a half seconds,
when the time-limit on the fuse expired.
Several square yards of the Conquistador’s
starboard side opened up like a barn door,
flooding both compartments.

  Theoretically both her “soft ends” could
have been shot full of holes without sinking
her or impairing her fighting value. But to
cool her stifling ’tween-decks every water-
tight door had been left open so long that
most of them had rusted tight in the guides.
Before the excited greenhorn crew could
even try to close them, solid water was
pouring across their thresholds and in
through the new shot-holes that were being
made every other minute, as the Patria
closed in and pounded grimly away.

  “Traidor!” screamed Admiral Flores at
the astounded commander of the Robusto.
“Your ship is firing on mine!”

  “Would I then be here?” countered the
indignant and logical captain.

   But the admiral was too excited to listen.
Besides, where else could the shots possibly
come from? Search-lights were not yet
invented, and Equatan nights are dark.

  Buttons were pressed, orders bawled,
whistles blew, bells clanged, bugles sounded,
the bosun piped, signals flashed, and all
hands asked questions and volunteered
advice while they scampered hither and
yon, till they were more or less at battle
stations.

  Round swung the long barrels of the two
twelve-inchers in the Conquistador’s after-
barbette. Depressed as far as possible,
they were fired at the flash of the hostile
guns. But the mark was too close and low.
Crackling through the air above the Patria’s
turret, both big shells hit and tore through
the astounded and righteously indignant
Robusto. That ship promptly responded
with everything she had.

  Down the narrow lane of water between
the two blazing, thundering leviathans
floated the little monitor, now tactfully
silent. Some of the saner Florista officers
Old Smooth Bores

87

caught the loom of her turret and funnel
against the gun-flashes across the way, and
presently succeeded in stopping the panic-
firing. But by that time the Patria had
passed, the Robusto was listing to starboard,
and the Conquistador was sinking stern
foremost.

  They were breaking out the Robusto’s
ground-tackle and had just elaborately
fouled the starboard bower-anchor in the
forgotten torpedo-net when the monitor
edged up close under her bows and planted
one shell in the chain-locker and another in
the C. P. O.’s quarters. Then, rounding
the battleship’s ram as casually as if it had
been a cape with a lighthouse on it, the
Patria took up her station close under the
Robusto’s uptilted port bow and alternated
shot and shell as fast as her stalwart gun-
crews could run in, load, serve the vent,
run out, train and fire. With the guns right
abeam, they kept both scuttles clear for
passing up ammunition and the shell-whips
and travelers busy.

  Machine guns, rifles and even revolvers
crackled and spat unceasingly from every
possible point of the Robusto’s towering top-
sides. Bullets drummed on the Patria’s
iron deck like hail on a tin roof, while vi-
cious little three-and six-pounder Hotchkiss
and Nordenfelt shells hit and burst and re-
bounded all over the monitor’s turret and
conning-tower. But the battleship’s big
guns, that could have cracked the old cast-
iron skillet wide open with one fair hit,
could not be depressed far enough to hit
anything so near.

  Sticking tight to her hulking, helpless foe,
the Patria kept raking the Robusto from
stem to citadel, planting shell after burst-
ing shell between her shattered and up-
heaved decks. Then, just as they un-
shackled the last of her cables and the
battleship began to get slowly and ponder-
ously under way, flames shot up forward
and spread rapidly.

  “Hit her paint-locker, I guess,” thought
Ezra Holcomb, sniffing the pungent smoke.
“Hardwood decks, paneled passageways,
and worse cluttered up than an excursion-
steamer — she’s nothing but an air-tight
stove with the kindling all in place. Reckon
I can leave her to her own devices. Time
for us to be moving on.”

  He rang four bells, and the monitor slid
away into the dark so unexpectedly that the
gunners in the Robusto’s port sponson missed

the chance they had been waiting for. But
by now the rest of the fleet were under way
and closing in. The steam launches and
cutters that had been on picket duty to
shoreward came hurrying back to see what
had happened and stumbled over the Patria.

  They swarmed excitedly all about the
slow-moving monitor, banging away with
their Gatlings and boat-howitzers, and
sending up rockets to summon the cruisers.
Emboldened by the monitor’s silence—for
Ezra was far too thrifty to waste bullets on
hornets—they ceased firing and dashed
alongside.

  “Stand by to repel boarders!” shouted
Ezra down the voice-tube as a couple of
hundred excited little Equatan officers and
seamen tumbled aboard and charged across
the monitor’s deck, where some of them
tripped over certain small round objects
that did not roll but seemed to be screwed
fast.

  “Fire deck-clearers!” commanded Hol-
comb above the boarders’ triumphant yells
and the clangor of gun-butts and hand-
spikes on the closed hatch-covers and port-
shutters. Already the Floristas were scal-
ing the turret to drag him and his quarter-
master out of the conning-tower, where the
two Americans stood at bay with their
revolvers ready.

  Sighting through the peep-hole before
him, Holcomb pulled trigger and saw the
swarthy face of the man he shot lighted by
the flash of the Colt. But the sound of the
pistol-shot was swallowed up in the crashing
roar of the “deck-clearers”—an obscure
Civil War invention long since forgotten
by most people but not by Ezra Holcomb,
who had found these specimens in the
Patria’s shell-room and screwed them into
their sockets on deck, with the fuses hang-
ing down below, to be lighted when needed.

  While still crouching down inside the
“loving-cup” to escape the pieces of iron
and other things that were humming past
and pattering down, Holcomb felt the mon-
itor abruptly heel far over to port and
heard a great wave break and rush foaming
across her low flush deck and the strangling
cries of those whom it swept struggling and
screaming into the sea. For a moment he
thought the Patria had struck a drifting
mine. But she rolled back, righted, and
steamed on just as if nothing had happened.

  It was no longer dark when Ezra Holcomb
stood up and looked about him. Ships and
88

Adventure

sea and shore were lighted with a ruddy
glare from the burning Robusto, now afire
from stem to stern, with flames spouting out
of every port and dead-light in her up-
heaved port side. Beyond her, he could
make out the military masts but nothing
more of the Conquistador. A marbled,
fire-lit cloud of smoke and steam hung over
the spot where she had gone down.

  “Sunk, by glory, and blew up her b’ilers,
most likely, when she went under. That’s
what threw up that wave that swept our
decks, I reckon,” hazarded Holcomb. “Put

all those poor burned and mangled -s

out of their misery quick and easy.”

  Dents and stains on the monitor’s deck-
plates and a few struggling swimmers
among the overturned boats, black against
the red waters astern, were all that remained
of the hapless boarding-party. But fresh
foes were already at hand. Bearing down
on the Patria, no longer hidden by darkness,
came the torpedo-gunboat Vaquero and the
cruisier Esperanza.

  “Hard-a-port!” commanded Ezra, as the
swift little gunboat flashed by to starboard,
her Hotchkiss guns barking spitefully.

  But it was not of them he was thinking
but of the white streak that was unrolling
itself across the crimson water, straight for
the monitor’s side. The idle thought leaped
to Holcomb’s mind that it looked like the
diagonal stripe on a Confederate battie-
flag.

  Round swung the Patria's bows in time
to let the Whitehead flash harmlessly past
her starboard quarter. But the change
of course brought her into the Esperanza's
line of fire. That cruiser was an old-
fashioned broadside ironclad, ship-rigged
and with a wicked-looking ram curving
down beneath her bowsprit. She disap-
peared behind a cloud of her own smoke as
her forward pivot and the long row of sixty-
four pounders in her starboard battery
spoke together.

  Then out she surged, the white water
creaming up about her steel-shod stem in a
way that sent cold chills down the sturdy
back of the quartermaster at the Patria's
helm. For he saw that the two warships
were running on converging courses and at
relative speeds which in another five
minutes would bring them together at ex-
actly the right angle for the cruiser’s long,
sharp ram to cut through the monitor’s
plates like scissors through tinfoil.

  “Hold her steady,” grated Holcomb, as
the helmsman tried to ease her off.

  Knowing his skipper as he did, the
quartermaster kept the Patria on her
course, though he could not keep from steal-
ing an occasional glance to port. Every
time he looked, the cruiser was nearer and
bigger, till she seemed right on top of them.

  Then she slowed and shivered to a stop,
with the mud boiling up beneath her fore-
foot, her fore-topmast crashing down, and
all Bedlam breaking loose on her deck.
The Patria slid safely by, leaving the Es-
peranza stuck hard and fast on an uncharted
and unsuspected sand-bar.

  “I’ll tend to you later, you cafe-navi-
gators,” promised Ezra Holcomb as he
plodded out to seaward. “But just now
I’m busy. _ Here comes that dratted little
spit-fire again.”

  The torpedo-gunboat was hurrying back
for another try. Deceived by the monitor’s
silence, the Vaquero’s captain decided that
her turret must be jammed. Knowing the
quaint and picturesque habits of his own
primitive Whiteheads, he ran in and fired
both tubes at close range.

  Straight and true sped the first torpedo
to within fifty yards of the target, when it
dipped and dived deep under her keel.
The other maintained a proper depth but
jammed its rudder so that it swung round
the Patria's stern and kept on swinging in
al circle.

  “Holy Halibut!” swore Ezra Holcomb,
following its course with fascinated eyes as
the turret trundled round beneath him.
“It’s coming around to blow up its owners.”

  Past the Patria's bows circled the white
streak and curved right into the Vaquero’s
course. Just as they seemed at the point
of contact, the monitor’s guns thundered
and hid everything with smoke. Through
the smoke-cloud Ezra Holcomb saw a great
leaping flash of flame, and felt his cap blown
off by the wind of a fearful explosion th?t
dazed and deafened him with its stupendous
roar. When the smoke cleared, the Va-
quero had vanished; blown into nothingness
by each and every Whitehead aboard.

  “Was it one of our shells or her own
torpedo, I wonder?” mused Ezra. “Reckon
we’ll never know. Anyhow I guess that
was the last of the Floristas. No, by
thunder, there’s still the old Primero de
Abril. Well, we ought to be able to take
her on single-handed.”
Old Smooth Bores

89

  The one blockader left had been busy up
to now rescuing survivors from the Robusto
and the Conquistador. She was of the same
type as the stranded Esperanza, but there
was one notable difference. Somebody
aboard her knew how to shoot.

  The very first shell from her Armstrong
pivot-gun burst squarely over the Patria's
after-deck.

  “That’s more like it,” said Holcomb
appreciatively. “Yankee or limey de-
serter, probably. Train turret to star-
board,” he added down the voice-tube.

  “She’s jammed, sir!” came the reply.

  “Steer 011 your own hook till further
orders,” cried Holcomb to the quarter-
master as the skipper clambered out of the
“loving-cup.”

  Running across the turret roof, he
dropped down to the deck and made an in-
vestigation. Soon he found the cause of the
trouble—a great segment of shell-casing,
wedged tight between the deck and the
lower edge of the turret.

  Ezra Holcomb stepped to the nearer
sight-hole and called—

  “Mr. Jewell!”

  “Aye, aye, sir.”

  “Send a working-party on deck with
sledges and drills. Pass the word to raise
spindle to extreme elevation and stand
by.”

  “What was that, sir?” asked the mate as
another shell hit and carried away some-
thing else with a ringing clang.

  “Most of our smoke-stack,” coughed the
captain. “Hurry up those engine-room
hands.”

  Five grimy artificers bobbed up out of the
after-hatch and attacked the chunk of hot
iron that was keeping both guns out of
action. It was a hard job, made harder
by the blinding, choking soft-coal smoke
blown forward from the ragged stump of
the funnel.

  “I’ll bring her head up into the wind,”
thought Holcomb.

  But before he could return to the conning-
tower a tremendous concussion knocked
him flat on deck. When he picked himself
up there was no conning-tower left for him
to return to. The cruiser’s third shell had
hit the “loving-cup” and blown it away,
wheel, quartermaster and all.

  “Rig preventer-tackles! Tell the chief
to raise more steam and get steerageway on
her.”

  “Chief reports all flues choked with soot
when the smoke-stack went and no draft
since, sir.”

  Unable to steam, steer or bring a gun to
bear, the Patria lay like a log.

  “All hands on deck!” shouted Ezra Hol-
comb. “She’s going to run us down!”
Straight for the drifting monitor’s star-
board side came the cruiser, slowing as she
approached, for only a touch of the ram
would be needed. She was less than a
hundred yards away when men began to
shout and a Gatling sputtered excitedly
from her port or shoreward side, which
was in deep shadow, for the burning wreck
of the Robusto lay to seaward.

  “What are they shooting at?” wondered
Holcomb.

  “Torpedoed!” yelled Abner Jewell.
“Torpedoed right amidships!”

  A sheet of flame and a spout of water shot
up alongside the Primer0 de Abril. Her
masts and yards reeled drunkenly against
the stars, then heeled slowly over to port
as she began to fill and sink.

  “Patria ahoy!” gasped a choking voicc
from the sea.

  “It’s that sharpshootin’ deserter,” said
Holcomb. “Anybody who can shoot like
that is worth saving.”

  He hove a line at the darker spot in the
darkness that showed where the swimmer
was struggling and felt him catch and hang
on. They drew in a man who was gripping
the line with one hand and with the other
supporting a senseless comrade.

  “Grimshaw!” cried Holcomb. “What
are you doing out here, son?”

  “Running naphtha launch,” explained
the exhausted young engineer. “Spar-
torpeclo—too big a charge—threw up wave
that swamped us before we could back
away — warned him it would, but he
wouldn’t listen—poor old Zeb.”

  As if roused by the sound of his name,
Zeb Tyler opened his eyes.

  “Evening, gentlemen,” he murmured
confusedly, his mind still back in the sixties.
“Did I sink that blank Yank?”

  “Where in thunder do you think you are,
you durned old secesh?” growled Ezra Hoi- ■
comb happily. “Don’t you know the war’s
over?”

  “Of co’se it is,” said Zeb Tyler, fully
grasping the situation. “If they wanted
their war to last, they ought to have kept us
out of it, suh.”
A TETON FABLE

by Frank H. Huston

JOHNNY WHOA HAW, mule-skinner,
as his name implies, sat in the tepi
of Ta Sunka Nanji, The Standing
Horse, tenderly nursing with gin-
gerly finger-tips his bruised and battered
features, venomously hissing through
swollen lips anathemas upon all the world
and the “blue-bellies” who had a few even-
ings previously thwarted his to him laud-
able endeavor to “lift” a certain desirable
half-bred horse that was herded with the
animals belonging to the troops of the post
not far away.

  Johnny had slipped out of the Cheyenne-
Arapaho camp on the Lodge Pole Creek,
sneaked into the herd and worked the ani-
mal of his choice to the edge of the grazing
bunch under cover of darkness, when one
of the guards, sensing something wrong in
the movements of the animal, had with
commendable promptitude thrown a leaden
interrogation and later verbal challenge in
that direction, the heavy .45 slug passing
directly under Johnny’s nose, removing part
of his hirsute adornment, and likewise his
personality, from the locality with con-
siderable speed.

  Watan Gaa, The Black Coyote, through
long association with Sunka, his ba-ni, or
chum, having acquired a working knowledge
of the white man’s language, followed
Johnny’s tale with interest. As the latter
paused for breath, the brave’s eyes twinkled,
and with a glance at Sunka, who snorted
softly, murmured—

 “Hecen tuwe womanan-”

  “Thief,-! What’s that he says about

a thief, Shunk? I’m no thief. What’s
lifting a horse now and then in this country,
and from the army at that?

  “It’s an old proverb, Johnny, from a fable
of the Sioux, right appropriate, too, in the
premises. Didn’t chuh never hear it? Lord,
it’s told in every tribe and camp from the
Big Muddy to the Rockies.”

  “Nah. Wot’s it all about?”

  “Gaa’ll tell you. He knows it better than
I do. Spill it, ba-ni.”

  With a grave but malicious smile the Indian
began imitating the tone and manner of one
of the professional tribal “tellers of stories’ ’—
“Sunka wan-”

  “But what’s it mean?” interrupted John-
ny impatiently. “Tell me that first; then
mebbe I’ll not want to hear the story.”
“Why, ‘a thief who joins himself with
more experienced thieves becomes more pro-
ficient and skilful in his chosen occupation’
—is about as near as I can put it in En-
glish.”

  “Huh!” from Johnny with a painful grin
at the two. “You-all want to take on
another pardner?”

  “Touche,” from Sunka, while Gaa broadly
guffawed.

  “No, Johnny. We strive to please, but

yet harder to be honest-”

  “Honest!” snorted the skinner. “You-
all? Ain’t all Sunkas thieves?” This was
a play on his host’s name, for Sunka is dog,
and Ta Sunka is medicine, dog, or horse.
“Better take me in and learn me the busi-
ness,” he added.

  “You ain’t grown up enough yet, Johnny.
Mebbe we’ll see bymebye, but let Gaa tell
the story if you’ve never heard it.”

  Johnny subsided, grumbling, and the
Indian softly resumed:

  “Sunka wan, ka wakanka wan, wakin

wan tanka hnaka-”

  As the skinner stirred restlessly and
seemed about to utter a protest, he switched
to English:

  “There was a dog once, and an old
woman. This old woman had plenty
wasna, you callum pemmican, all nice put in
parfleche in her tepi.

  “Now this dog plenty hongry; he find
out this old woman got this wasna, and he
sit near the tepi on his tail all time and howl
and think how he can get this meat from the
old woman.

  “Old woman see dog sit there and say
‘Whoosh; go way dog,’ and throw stick so
dog go way and think. Bumby come plenty
dark and dog he crawl up under tepi edge
and try steal sack of this meat. Waugh!
Old woman hear this dog, she say: Whoosh!

Watter-you do?’ And hit dog with one

stick, break um head open, dog run away,
holler like good one, his head so sore and he
so mad because he no gettum meat.

  “He lie down pooty sick, and bumby
some more dog come along, see him, and

90
A Teton Fable

9i

askum, ‘Watsamatter?’ This dog he tellum
all other dog all about old woman. All dog
say, ‘Hunhunhe. That too bad.’ And old
dog he think and say, ‘I know wat we do;
we call council and see if we can help our
brother.’ So he holler loud, ‘Hey, Yaksa—’
that’s Bite ’Em Off—‘Hai, Tahu Wasaka—’
him’s Strong Neck—‘Ho, Taisanpena—’
what you say, Sharp Knife—and, ‘Hev,
Minne Bozan’—he’s Water Mist—‘you all
come council and help our brother.’

  “So all these dog come, and hunka kanpi
do—they tell the story—‘Keyape,’ they
say—‘We fix um.’

  “So bumby come plenty dark, all dog
go to old woman’s tepi. She asleep. Minne
bozana, he makum come rain and putty soon
all the tepi thong wet, get soft, and pegs
slip out of soft ground. Tepi fall down.
Yaksa, he bitum thongs, and Strong Neck,
he quick ketchum all parfleche and run away.

  “Old woman she scairt, holler, ‘Lay non,
wasicun, wase cha a hepe ah la’—‘The enemy
come, the white men, the bad Winter snow
covers me up—’

  “But all this dog they run to river and sit
down, and pooty soon Sharp Knife he cut
um open all this parfleche and all this dog
gotum plenty chuck, all same look like
Grow Varnt. And this is the story the old

men tell. Ilecen tuwe womanan-”

  Forty years rolled away, and Sunka sat

in the tepi of Wagalexa Conka, ex-Texas
Ranger, Indian agent, Bill show agent and
now author and director for the movies,
telling this story, as they watched the
Cajuenga Hills.

  “But, Sunka,” asked Conka, tossing
back his mop of graying hair with the char-
acteristic motion of his, “they call it, ‘The
Fable of the Tetons with a Moral.’ Where’s
the moral? I’ve heard the story hundreds of
times but never could see the moral.”

  “The moral’s here, Conka,” the grizzled
old scout grinned, “just three months later
I and Gaa sold that horse to a tenderfoot at
Grand Forks in the Lakotah country.”
Conka shouted and slapped his thigh.
“Wahhhhh, you old Piute! Say, write
it up and send it to I Wodake Ape Itacan—
the Talking Leaf Chief—who sits in the
Medicine Tepi of Adventure, in the far-off
country of New York; he likes just that
sort of story.”

  “Wel-1-1, I dunno, Conka; ’twouldn’t

hardly do-”

  “Wouldn’t? Why not?”

  “Well, you see Conka, that horse be-
longed to Colonel Carrington of the ‘Walk

a Heaps’—and-”

 “And—?”

  “And Colonel Carrington was-”

  “Well?”

  “Was Arthur Hoffman’s cousin.”
A/Son of Strife

A THREE-PAPT STORY

          r\ Part 1

 JPF

V W

 ARTHUR D HOWDEN SMITH

       Author of “Fair Salvage,” “The IIccls of Chance,” etc.

The first part of the story briefly retold in story form.

QIR GUI DE TABERIEof Nerak,in the marches
of Outremer that formed the borderland between
the Christian kingdom of Jerusalem and the Saracens
of Saladin, was a man of sudden impulses and strong
passions.

  Deep in his love, fierce in his hate, he left a heri-
tage to his only son, Matteo, that might have crushed
the spirit of any man. It was a heritage of shame,
outlawry, and the peril of an implacable vengeance.

  Sir Gui had won his mate, Horazahde, from the
desert, overwhelming the caravan of the Prince of
Emesa, who was despatching her to the Emir El-Afdel
as an unwilling bride, and carrying her off to his
castle eerie.

  She came to him willingly, caught in the fire of
his romantic passion. But she scorned the ties of
the Church with which Fray Gilberto wished them
to be bound. Even when Matteo was born she still
fiercely protested against the Christian rite.

  “I am of the desert,” she exclaimed. “And I am
yours because you took me. No hojji nor priest
could make me more your wife.”

  So the child grew to be a man, adored by his
father’s retainers, and accorded all the consideration
of a young prince. He had the spirit of both the
Frank and Saracen, fused in a leaping flame of
courage and loyalty.

  His companion and instructor was Ali Ma’akwaa,
the gentle-voiced but hard-hitting captain of
Turcoples. From him he learned something of the
art of war; and from John the Englishman, his
father’s friend, he got the gentle art of jongleurie—
the art of improvising ballads and setting them to
stirring strains—a rare art in days of daily strife.

  There came a day when the vengeful Prince of
Emesa with his ally, the Emir El-Afdel, rushed out
of the desert in a slashing foray upon Nerak.
Through treachery the castle was taken. Flames
swept the stronghold. Behind a heap of his enemies
the old lion finally fell, and the fair Horazahde died
with him.

  Turning as he fell, the knight shouted above the
uproar:

  “Live, my son! Live, Matteo! For vengeance!”

  Ali Ma’akwaa and the youthful Matteo, the only
survivors, fled to the neighboring castle Mardan,
of the Count Renier de Chappes. But this knight
refused him help. Spuming him as an outcast with-
out a name, he might have done him violence in-
stead; but Ali and Matteo, at the points of their
daggers, won free—a bleak, friendless world before
them, and a tradition of hate behind.

  Matteo had once aided a refugee to escape from
Manasses, the son of Renier de Chappes, and this
had intensified their hate. On the other hand he
had gained the friendship of Brygas, Renier’s ward—
and a curious ring which Kafur, the grateful refugee,
had hurriedly thrust upon him.

  With only these memories of living friendship,
Matteo and his comrade turned their horses toward
the sea, determined to secure the help of John the
Englishman, and Messer Gambaglio, a Genoese, of
Tripoli, who had been his father’s banker.

  Equipped only with a gittem, upon which Matteo
strummed the accompaniments of his own ballads,
they came to Acre and embarked on an Italian ship
for Tripoli. They were armed as men-at-arms pledged
to fight for the palrono if pirates attacked them.

  On the third day a pirate ship bore down on them
grappled, and drove the defenders in a struggling
mass back upon the poop. Here Matteo. caught
in the arms of the pirate chief, felt that he was about
to die, when the leader caught sight of his dagger-
hand, and recoiled with a cry.

  “Forgive me, lord,” he mumbled thickly. “You
should have given me the sign.”	’’

  And he rapidly called off his pirates and pushed
clear.

  Matteo slipped Kafur’s ring—the Ring of Sinan—
lrom his finger and put it in his pouch.

  “A pirate may honor it,” said he; “but a Christian
Templar would cut its possessor down.”

92
A Son of Strife

93

  At Tripoli they found the house of Gambaglio,
but the banker scornfully denied them, demanding
proofs of identity that Matteo did not possess.

  In a murderous temper they sought out an inn.
Here they imposed upon the inn-keeper, and pro-
cured a room.

  A moment later the door flew open and Gambaglio
entered, falling upon his knees, protesting that he
had only just had word from the patrono of the
pirate’s attack.

  “The sign!” exclaimed the Genoese. “Had you but

CHAPTER XI

HOW MATTEO SANG TO PRINCE BOHEMOND

O	YOU are Gui’s son!”

  John the Englishman placed his
two hands on Matteo’s shoulders
and squared him off so that they
stood eye to eye. Matteo saw a man whose
spare frame and youthful gaze gave the lie
to graying hair and deep-cut wrinkles in a
meditative face.

  They met in a chamber of Prince Bohe-
mond’s palace, overlooking the valley of
the Orontes and the wide, open spaces of
Antioch set within the girdle of the gigantic
walls which traversed the surrounding
mountains. And for this occasion Matteo
had doffed his mail, and stood clad in such
richly simple garb as became a squire who
presents himself at a fastidious court. The
gittern the Gray Friars had given him was
slung across his back from a parti-colored
ribbon. Ali was below in the palace court-
yard hobnobbing with the soldiers of the
guard.

  “Aye, you are Gui’s son!” repeated John
the Englishman. “I would have known
you anywhere. And Gui is dead! Alas,
what use is it now to say I warned him years
ago that God would seek him out for what
he did?”

  “He bade me come to you,” said Matteo,
“but if-”

  “Nay, nay! You misunderstand me. ’Tis
no fault of yours your father did wrong, fair
son. I am not held in thrall by the church-
men, and I have my own opinions on such
matters. But we must look facts in the
face. I like you. I will do for you what
I may. But you start life with a heavy
disability.”

  “For what men say I care little,” an-
swered Matteo haughtily. “I have my
sword for those who cross me.”

  “Oh, aye, spoken like a warrior. But
have you no ambitions?”

told me, you could have had whatever you sought.”

  “Why?”

  “Because you speak for the Lord of Death; and
I, too, am of the cirde of agents of the Old Man of
the Mountain.”

  When the banker had gone, Matteo looked dazed-
ly at his comrade, the Turcople.

  “Ali, heard you what I heard?”

  “Lord,” stammered Ali, “there was talk of this

and that—an old man—great treasure-”

  “Aye,” mused Matteo grimly, “and of vast peril!’’

  Matteo thought for a moment.

  “Two, Messer John.”

  “And those?”

  “I would sing songs, compose romaunts,
live as you have lived. And I would wreak
vengeance on my enemies.”

  “I see you carry a gittern. Ho, humph!
But who are these enemies? The Prince of
Emesa and his ally—what did you call him?
El-Afdel?”

  “Aye, and Renier de Chappes, who would
not stir a finger to punish the murderers of
my mother and who will take what is rightly
mine, if the king permits.”

  “Of de Chappes I say naught. I never
liked the man. But touching the other,
Matteo, Achmet-ibn-Muros is your grand-
father.”

  Matteo’s face darkened.

  “Does it matter what he is to me—save
that he slew my father and my mother?”
“What a land! What a land!” murmured
John the Englishman to himself.

He paced back and forth across the room.
“But in this scheme of life you have laid
down there is no place for love,” he pointed
out, coming to a halt again before Matteo.

“What time have I for love?” responded
Matteo. “Nay, Messer John, whom shall

I	love? I have a fortune sufficient to a
career, belike, but what maid would wed
with me? Nor do I think on that side of
life. I shall sing songs, and hate my
enemies—and perchance slay them in time.”
John the Englishman shook his head.
“You have much to learn,” he said brief-
ly. “Love, Matteo, is the greatest force
in the world. Love fetched me hither into
Outremer out of faraway England—and
now love forces me to tarry when I might
otherwise be passing a comfortable old age
in a safe castle on my own Welsh marches.
For, know you, there are many kinds of
love, of which love of women is the chief;
and after that love of a land or a good
cause may be reckoned next best.”

He fell into a muse, and Matteo stared
94

Adventure

 at him, puzzled by this whimsical phi-
 losophy.

 “But you spoke of singing songs,” con-
 tinued the old jongleur, arousing himself.
 “Do you know aught of the jongleur’s
 craft?”

 “Nay, Messer John,” said Matteo, blush-
 ing,” who am I that I should make pretense
 to art before you?”

 “At least, you carry a gittern,” returned
 John the Englishman, smiling. “Pick me
 a lay.”	»

 Matteo swung his instrument into place,
 and swept the strings with practised fingers.

 “A lay of woman’s love, by your leave,”
 he said with an answering smile, “such as
 you were pleased to uphold against my
 ignorance:

“Hark to the lay of Ysabeau,

            Ysabeau the fair;

She was a maid of slender form,

Sun-gold was her hair.

          But never a man had seen her—

She dwelt in a castle tall—

           And a giant like a cedar
            Glowered across the wall.

 The arras covering the doorway of the
 chamber was pushed aside, and a young
 squire with a pleasant, open face bowed to
 John the Englishman. The old jongleur
 motioned apologetically to Matteo, who
 thrust the gittern behind him.

 “What is it, de Pugne?” he asked.

 “I crave your pardon, Messer John,” an-
 swered the squire, “but Prince Bohemond
 sends urgent summons.

 A frown knitted the brow of John the
 Englishman.

“It is-”

 He paused significantly.

“Aye, lord, he hath been seized again.”

 The jongleur turned to Matteo.

 “Our lord, the prince, is subject to attacks
 of a melancholic affection,” he explained.
 “To say sooth, Matteo, Bohemond is a sad
 case of wasted youth. Now he is persuaded
 he hath nothing to live for.”

 “Without you to divert him I know not
 what we would do, Messer John,” said the
 young squire gratefully.

 “You exaggerate, de Pugne,” returned
 John the Englishman, laughing. “And here
 is a voice that makes mine sound like the
 clanking of rusty armor.”

 He clapped his hand on Matteo’s shoul-
 der.

“Aye, lad, I mean it,” he went on, noting

Matteo’s look of startled deprecation. “If
you have the gift of composition, your for-
tune as a jongleur is secure.”

  The squire stepped forward eagerly.

  “A suggestion, Messer John. There is
naught which entertains the prince more
readily than something new. Perhaps this

youth-”

  “It might be,” admitted John. “What
say you, Matteo? Will you put your fortune
to the proof? Bohemond is a savage lord,

and in these tempers- But I would not

guide you. Decide for yourself.”

  Matteo picked up his cap from a chair.

  “I will try what I may do, Messer John,”
he said quietly.

  “Good! If you please Bohemond, your
future is assured. He is generous with
those he likes. Come, we will go to him.
But first you must know Messer Francois
de Pugne, one of the Prince’s body squires.
This is Matteo de Nerak, son of an old
friend of mine, de Pugne.”

  “I greet you well, Messer Matteo,” said
the squire, and his clear, straightforward
glance assured Matteo of loyal friendship.

  The three walked through the long cor-
ridors of the palace into the farther wing.
Tall foot-sergeants grounded partizans and
stood aside to let them pass. Servants
parted the thick hangings, and they en-
tered a great chamber, walled and vaulted
with stone, its open windows drawing in the
breezes of the neighboring gardens. On a
throne-like chair at the opposite end crouch-
ed a gaunt-featured, pallid man in early
middle age, with his chin cupped in his
hand and his eyes staring gloomily before
him.

  “Ha, John,” he said in a lifeless voice,
“you are come at last. I need you. What
a curse of desolation is this world!”

  “A curse? Nay, lord. The sickness of
the mind is upon you, but we shall soon

dispel it. See, I-”

The prince straightened in his chair.
“Who is with you?” he demanded with
displeasure. “I asked for you, John, not
for whoever chanced to be with you. Send
the youth away.”

  “It shall be as you wish,” answered John
the Englishman soothingly. “But he is a
jongleur of rare promise. I thought ’twould
divert you, lord, to hear another voice, an
echo out of the kingdom of youth which
time hath wrested from me no less surely
than from you.”
A Son of Strife

95

  Bohemond glared down at Matteo from
the throne.

  “Youth! I would give all Antioch for
youth! Boy, can you make me forget my
lost youth? Can you make me forget the
slight the Emperor of Byzantium hath put
upon me? I am not good enough to wed his
daughter! I, Bohemond, Prince of An-
tioch! I am not good enough to mate
with the spawn of the Comnenoi! Phaugh!
He shall pay for it! He shall yet crawl to
me.

  “I had fitted out galleys for an escort for
the bride. Now they shall ravage the
Greek coasts.* Blood will wipe out the
insult; aye, blood will wipe it out!”

  The prince leaned back exhausted.

  “I am in no mood to hear sickly romaunts
of love, I warn you!” he croaked. “You
had best try me another time.”

  “Nay, I will try you today, with your
leave, lord,” said Matteo firmly.

  “If you will,” returned the prince indif-
ferently. “At the least—” a saturnine
grimace twisted his face—“I shall have the
opportunity of venting my spleen upon you
if you annoy me. Go on, boy.”

  John the Englishman looked doubtfully
at Matteo.

  “Not the romaunt you started for me,”
he whispered.

  Matteo only nodded. His fingers plucked
from the strings of the gittern a wild tumult
of melody, the roar of a conflict, war-cries,
screams of the dying, the crack of breaking
spears, the crash of opposing chargers,
clank of weapons on armor. Bohemond’s
eyes brightened; he sat erect. The room
became very quiet.

  “Harken to me,” began Matteo. “I shall
recite to you the deeds of our ancestors. I
shall tell you how the host of the Crosses
mustered from every corner of Europe,
how they traveled in storm and in sunshine
across the countries of the world and burst
like a flood upon the paynims. I shall tell
you how they traversed the land of Asia
and how they conquered Nicea, Robais,
Acre and Jerusalem; but above all, how they
won the great city of Antioch, which sat
secure behind walls like mountains built by
men upon the tops of God’s mountain. I
shall tell you of all the noble lords and
warriors who did these deeds, of Godfrey de
Bouillon and his brother, Baldwin, of Hugh
the Great, of Tancred, but above all of

   *Such an occurrence did befall about this time.

Bohemond, the founder of a line of warriors
always in the forefront of battle.”

  “The Chanson d’Antioch,” muttered the
squire de Pugne.

  “Aye,” whispered John the Englishman.
“Do but watch Bohemond.”

  As Matteo continued into the rimed
verses of the main body of the narrative,
his gittern interpreting the spirit of the
words as he sang or recited, the hunted look
disappeared from the prince’s face. His
eyes gleamed at reference to the exploits of
his mighty ancestor, first of the Princes of
Antioch. The tenseness left him. He sat
easily, interested, absorbed, his twitching
hands at rest.

  An hour passed, and Matteo never
faltered; his voice rang true; his fingers
were sure on the strings. Time dwindled
into nothingness. The three who listened
forgot themselves in the ma'gic of tone and
melody. Other hours flew by, and John the
Englishman commenced to wonder whether
Matteo could support the effort much longer.
Once John was tempted to interfere, but he
dreaded to break the spell which wrapped
Bohemond. So the afternoon waxed toward
evening, and just as the first shadows barred
the room Matteo concluded the description
of the siege of Antioch and the capture of
the Gate of St. George by Bohemond I. and
his little band of sixty men.

  “An end to my tale, O prince!” he pro-
claimed in a voice that clanged through the
high-vaultered room. “As your fathers be-
fore you live in history by the splendor of
their deeds, so shall you, too, be remembered
by those who come after you.”

  The prince drew a deep breath.

  “Pardi, Messer Jongleur!” he cried.
“Who are you that have charmed me out
of myself?”

  “Your servant, lord, Matteo de Nerak.”
“You have pleased me, Matteo; aye,
once more this night I may sit with my
knights and take joy in being alive. For
these past hours you won me back my
youth. What may I do to reward you?”
“Grant me leave to abide at your court,
prince.”

  “Nav, I shall not let you depart. Come
hither.”

  Bohemond stripped from his person a
heavy golden chain, and hung it about the
youth’s neck.

  “Take this, I beg you, as earnest of the
favor which shall be yours. ’Tis gold, but no
96

Adventure

more golden than your voice. Ha, by our
Lady, the ring on your finger! That ring!
Where got you that ring?”

The prince started back with hands up-
flung, as if to defend himself against attack.
“John! De Pugne! ’Tis an Assassin!”
The two rushed forward, aghast, un-
certain.

“Nay, lord, I know the youth!” protested
John the Englishman. “His father was my

friend. What-”

  “Look at that ring!” commanded Bohe-
mond, pointing with a shudder at Matteo’s
hand.

  Silently Matteo held up the ancient silver
circlet with its device of the triple-bladed
knife.

  “The ring of Sinan!” gasped John the
Englishman.

  His face became grim and watchful.
  “Speak quickly, boy!” he said. “Are you

in sooth whom you claim, or some foul-”

  “I am Matteo de Nerak,” answered
Matteo calmly. “As for this ring, ’tis what
you call it. I had it from one for whom
I did a chance kindness. I had supposed
it a talisman of power, but your words make
me suspect it is an evil omen.”

  “ ’Tis the signet of the Old Man of the
Mountain,” said de Pugne.

  “That I know,” admitted Matteo.

  “And do you not know that he is the
enemy of all other princes?” demanded
Bohemond.

  “Now you speak of it, I do recall being
told so; but I am no agent of Sinan. It
helped bring me hither.”

  “How?” questioned the prince.

  “That is a lengthy tale, lord.”

  Bohemond settled back in his chair with
a smile of satisfaction.

  “Get you about the telling of it,” he said.
“Nay, John, I am persuaded the youth
speaks the truth. This is rare good fortune.
I must have my pleasure while I can. Tell
all, Messer Matteo.”

  So Matteo told in detail how he had'en-
countered Kafur on the Judean hills, how
he had helped the Assassin to escape, how
he had journeyed to Tripoli and how a
merchant there—some instinct prompted
him to withold Messer Gambaglio’s name—
had accepted his identity after sight of the
ring and rendered up to him his father’s
treasures.

  “Name the merchant,” ordered the prince
sharply at this point. “Doubt not he is one

through whom Sinan works to slay those
whom he hath marked for death.”

   “But, lord, if I name him it will be known
that I betrayed him, and Sinan will slay
me.”

   Bohemond pondered this for a moment.
“True,” he agreed finally. “Well, so be
it. Messer Matteo, I have a fancy for you.
You shall abide at Antioch, and Messer
John shall teach you certain niceties of the
jongleur’s art which you have not yet
learned. De Pugne, take heed to the needs
of Messer Matteo. Lodge him with the
squires of the household. John, attend me
to the great hall.”

CHAPTER XII

HOW MATTEO CHANGED HIS MAME

“mO, MATTEO* hast heard the news?”
I)e Pugne dashed into the room
where the jongleur was sitting, scratching
toilsomely with an iron pen upon a fair
sheet of the tough paper that Saracen mer-
chant’s brought from Cathay.

   “Fair as the moon’s pellucid rays,” mut-
tered Matteo to himself. “Rays? Rays?

Ways—says—days! Aye, days it shall-”

   “Certes, you are a very clerk,” rapped
de Pugne. “Give over your love rimes!
St. Benedict, you who know naught of
women, becoming a singer of love romaunts!
It passeth belief.”

   “Fair as the moon’s pellucid rays,” re-
peated Matteo thoughtfully. “ ’Tis more
sugary than I like, yet— What was it you
said, Francois?”

   “I said there was news.”

  “As what?”

   “The king is here.”

  “The king! What king?”

   Matteo rose in his astonishment.

   “Ha, at last you are touched!” triumphed
de Pugne. “Why, who but the King of
Jerusalem?”

   “Amalric! What doth he here?”

   “He tarries to visit Bohemond on his
return from a sojourn at the court of the
Emperor of Constantinople. Even now his
company are within the city. Hark, you
may hear the trumpets of the prince’s guard
sounding in the courtyard.”

   As de Pugne spoke, the silvery clamor of
the trumpets rang through the open win-
dows. There was a noise of heralds’ voices,
deep and resonant, then a mighty cheering.
A Son of Strife

97

  Matteo ran to the window. Up the
broad street which led to the palace poured
an imposing procession of knights and men-
at-arms, headed by a huge man on a broad-
backed war-horse, whose helm was en-
circled by a golden crown.

  “Why, there are women’s head-dresses
amidst the helmets!” he cried.

  “Aye, Amalric is companioned by Queen
Maria and some of her ladies. But haste,
Matteo! I came hither that you might miss
naught. Bohemond was taken by surprize,
yet he desires to make a brave showing
against the king’s court. Bring your gittern,
and come to the Hall of Audience. Per-
chance you shall entertain the king and his
lords.”

  “Perchance I shall not!” growled Matteo,
nevertheless taking his instrument from
the table. “I have no kind feeling for
Amalric. ’Twas he sanctioned the seizure
of my father’s fief by that foul cur de
Chappes.”

  “What else might the king do?” returned
de Pugne reasonably, walking by Matteo’s
side. “Nerak is a fortess of the desert
march which holds the approaches to
Jericho. ’Twas in ruins, ungarrisoned.
Amalric hath no money to rebuild fortresses
and hire men-at-arms. He was forced to
give it to the lord who was able to resume
its defense.”

  “There were other lords than Renier de
Chappes,” retorted Matteo, “who sat idly
by while my father and mother were slain.
Nay, Francois, put yourself in my place.”

  “I would that I might,” replied de Pugne
promptly. “I am a squire of unknown
name, who may be a knight a year hence.
You are the most famous jongleur of
Outremer—and all in two years’ time. Why,
I remember the day I burst into Messer
John’s chamber and first heard you singing
‘The Lay of Ysabeau’ and afterward you
charmed Bohemond out of a black mood, as
you have done many times since, God wot!
But then you were a youth of less account
than I, while now men come from Jeru-
salem and Tripoli and Cyprus and By-
zantium and even Armenia to hear your
romaunts-”

  “Have done! Have done!” laughed Mat-
teo, brought to good humor in spite of him-
self. “Some part of what you say is sooth,
Francois, yet I would have you consider
that your name, if unknown, is honorable,
and mine-”

  He broke off as they entered the Hall of
Audience from the rear of the dais whereon
three chairs were placed. Around it were
ranged the lords and ladies of the court of
Antioch, with a fringe of jesters, jongleurs,
tumblers and squires and upper servants.
Standing in front of the central of the three
chairs was Prince Bohemond in a scarlet
robe edged with miniver. By the great
entrance doors waited the heralds and pur-
suivants, ready to announce the king’s en-
trance. John the Englishman from his
place near the prince hailed Matteo and
de Pugne, and they edged their way toward
him through the crowd.

  “Right glad am I to have a word with
you, dear lad,” he whispered, flinging an
arm around Matteo’s shoulders. “You
must know de Chappes is with the king.
But heed my counsel, and give him no
attention. Bohemond will bid you to sing
and I would not have you put out by meet-
ing the eye of your enemy.”

  Matteo’s face flamed with color, but he
made no answer. Indeed, at that moment
a squire ran up to the entrance of the hall,
and the heralds set trumpets to their lips
and blew a fanfare.

  “Ho, lord of Antioch!” cried a pursuivant
who stepped forward between them.
“Hither approaches the dread lord, Amalric,
anointed of the Lord of Hosts, Protector
of the Holy Sepulcher, King of Jerusalem,
Count of Jaffa and Ascalon.”

  Again the trumpets blared. Outside
there was the sound of cheering. Then
with clashing weapons and clanking mail
a host of warriors tramped into the hall,
their grim ranks starred with women’s
finery and many a lovely face. But Mat-
teo’s gaze was fastened upon one who
walked immediately behind the king and
the dark, sour-visaged Grecian queen, a
youth whose splendid stature and lion mane
of yellow hair were at variance with his
boyish counterance.

  “See!” whispered Matteo to John the
Englishman. “Who is the youth who fol-
lows the king?”

  “ ’Tis the Prince Baldwin,” returned the
old jongleur. “They say he hath qualities
beyond any who have borne the name.”

  “A fair welcome to your graces!” said
Bohemond, descending from the dais to
offer an arm to the queen.

  “Ha, prince, we greet you well!” boomed
Amalric in the voice of a man-at-arms, his
98

Adventure

blond bulk in striking contrast with the
swart leanness of Bohemond.

  They met as equal sovereigns, for Antioch
owed no definite feudal obligation to Jerusa-
lem, nor indeed to any other lord save an
occasional Emperor of Constantinople who
was prepared to go to the expense of com-
pelling respect. And while they talked upon
the dais their two followings were seeking
out acquaintances, and a buzz of conversa-
tion filled the hall. John the Englishman
was hailed by a dozen friends of hard-
fought fields.

  Matteo hung back, conscious of a re-
currence of his former sullen distaste for the
whole affair. De Pugne, through loyalty,
remained with him, rather than sift about
and hark to the gossip of jousts and battles,
which he craved.

  Matteo marked down de Chappes in the
group of lords attending the king and stared
at him with squared jaw and lowering
eyes.

  “I will stay no longer,” he said suddenly

to de Pugne. “Bide and-”

  “But Messer John is just beckoning to
you,” appealed de Pugne.

  It was true, and Matteo could not avoid
obeying. The old jongleur turned as he
approached.

  “Hither, Matteo,” he said. “Here is one
hath heard of you and must needs command
a romaunt.”

  “Aye, that must I!” exclaimed an eager
boy’s voice, and Matteo found himself look-
ing into the blue eyes of Prince Baldwin.
“By the Cross, Messer Matteo, there is
none like you for stirring the blood in my
veins with tales of knightly deeds, and my
governor, Messer William, the Archdeacon
of Tyre, holds that in times to come men
will read what you have composed as they
do now the learning of the ancient Romans.”
“He saith too much,” protested Matteo.
“I think not. And will you sing me a
romaunt, Messer Matteo? Aye, you shall.”
And the boy laughed merrily.

  “Ho,” he cried in a voice that was almost
a man’s in timbre, “dear lord, my father—
and you, too, Lord Bohemond—I have laid
a command upon Messer Matteo, the jon-
gleur, that he sing a romaunt for us.”
Bohemond flashed one of his rare smiles
at the impetuous lad.

  “You know a great jongleur without being
instructed, Lord Baldwin,” he said. “How
say you, lord king, shall we support your

fair son? There is none to equal Messer
Matteo in Outremer, men say.”

  “Aye, so,” rumbled Amalric. “By my
five bones, let him sing. After a good fight
there is naught to be preferred to a good
song. Stand forth, Messer Matteo.”

  The lords and ladies drew back, and Mat-
teo found himself in the midst of a circle.
He bowed to the three on the dais, and again
to the royal boy who had singled him out
for favor. By this time he was accustomed
to entertaining numerous companies, and
he fingered the strings of his gittern with
absent-minded precision, considering which
of his newer pieces he should select. He
chose “The Road to Antioch,” one of his
chansons de toy age, which was then still in
process of composition. It began:

“This is the road to Antioch,” the merry shipman
      cried.

“Many a man hath traveled it, and many another
      died;

   But you and I shall find a lass
   In every tavern that we pass,

And all the robbers by the way will blink at us
      where’er we stay.

Because we have no bursting packs or clanking
      harness on our backs,

   But only just a blithesome song
   To while the weary leagues along.”

  All the incidents of the road he wove into
his theme, and his listeners were regaled
with the gossip of castle, monastery and
tavern, with the opinions of merchants,
pilgrims, clerks, villeins, burghers, nobles,
great ladies and ladies of questionable virtue,
as overheard by himself and the mythical
shipman who was the clown of the tale.
Laughter intermingled with applause, and
the chanson concluded on the note of high
endeavor which was dear to a chivalrous
company.

  “Pardi, Messer Jongleur, you sing pret-
tily,” applauded King Amalric. “Mayhap
my cousin of Antioch will permit that you
visit us at Jersualem. Doubt not we shall
honor you in your degree.”

  “I can ill afford to part with Messer
Matteo,” said Bohemond.

  “Ha, fair cousin, but you will let him
come in time, will you not?” begged Bald-
win. “Certes, he sings like those jongleurs
the lords of Provence lament when they
come overseas. Doth he not, Messer
John?”

  “There is none better, lord,” agreed John
the Englishman gaily, “and I have been a
jongleur of some renown in my own day.”
A Son of Strife

99

  “Heed him not, lord,” interceded Matteo.
“He hath forgotten more romaunts than I

know.”

  “His fame is secure,” said Baldwin with
friendly impartiality, “as is yours, Messer
Matteo, although you are so young. Prithee,
visit us at Jerusalem. There is no largesse
I could grant you here to represent my
appreciation, but in my father’s palace I
may do better.”

  “Lord, I have had largesse enough in the
kindness of your thoughts,” returned Mat-
teo, bowing low; and he withdrew himself
apart, anxious to escape the curious eyes that
had watched his interview with the prince.

  But he could not elude de Pugne. The wily
squire sought him out in the niche he found.

  “You slip about like an eel,” complained
Francois. “Look you, Matteo, who is the
demoiselle in the yellow gown, she who hath
the group of knights and squires about her?
Nay, not that one. She is looking this way.
Indeed, she hath eyes for none but you.
Belike she knows you.”

  “What demoiselle should I know?” re-
torted Matteo. “Nay, ’tis I who should
ask of you.”

  But he looked in the direction de Pugne
indicated, perceived the yellow gown, idly
studied the flower face of its wearer—and
abruptly realized that she was Brygas de
Kergac, the same Brygas, beyond a doubt,
who had ridden, beside him and cheered his
defiance of her guardian and uncle. The
same? Yes, but with a difference. This
Brygas was slim and lissom as the one he
remembered; but there was a poise, a car-
riage, an assurance of manner that had not
been there before.

  “You know her!” exclaimed de Pugne in
his ear. “My faith, she is the fairest maid
ever I saw! Prithee, make me known to
her. Is her father a very great lord?”

  “I know her, yes,” acknowledged Matteo;
“But her guardian is my enemy.”

  “Well, let us go across to her. He is not
by at the moment. But who is that squire
glowering at her elbow?”

  Matteo followed the nod of de Pugne’s
head. Another surprize! In his absorption
he had ignored the presence of Manasses
de Chappes, grown into a loutish young man
with a spoiled, arrogant face, lacking the
ruthless power of his father’s.

  “Her cousin, an ill-minded fellow,” he
said as they crossed the hall toward her.
“How, now, Messer Matteo?” she greeted

him, while Manasses slouched aside. “Are
you grown so great that you have no
memories for those who were friends of
your obscurity?”

  “Not so, lady; and here is my good friend,
Messer de Pugne, ready to make amends
for my churlishness.”

  “Messer de Pugne is welcome for him-
self,” she answered sweetly; “but prithee,
Messer Matteo, must you rely upon an-
other to save you?”

  “I trow not, yet I would have you recall
that your uncle is my enemy.”

  Her face sobered.

  “Aye, you would not forget—or forgive.
I might have known it.”

  “I am human,” he said, shrugging his
shoulders.

  “So human you must bear malice even
against me?”

  “Nay, lady; why must you strive to put
me in the wrong?” he denied indignantly.

  “What say you, Messer de Pugne?” she
asked the squire, who had been a silent
listener to this debate.

  “He is wrong indeed, lady,” declared de
Pugne.

  A group of young knights and squires
pressed closer about them as King Amalric
and Prince Bohemond left the room for the
banquet hall adjoining.

  “Who is it presumes to monopolize the
Lady Brygas?” demanded one of them.
“Ho, de Pugne, I rode with you against
Haranc.”

  “I remember you,” replied de Pugne.
“This is Messer Matteo de Nerak, the

jongleur, my friend-”

  “And eke mine,” amended Brygas.
“What, Messer Jongleur, did I not catch
you red-handed in your first adventure?”
“You did, lady,” admitted Matteo.

  There was a commotion in the outer
circle, and Manasses de Chappes forced
himself in front of Matteo.

  “Perchance your latest adventure is con-
fined to making use of a name to which you
have no right,” he sneered.

  “What mean you?” asked Matteo, even
voiced.

  “Your friends call you Matteo de Nerak.
Since when did you own title to Nerak?
Or are you one of the villeins of the fief?
If so, by what right are you here?”

  “Shame!” cried Brygas.

  Others in the group murmured, but Mat-
teo motioned for silence.
100

Adventure

  “Hear me, messers,” he said tensely. “In
some sort what this fellow says is true. I
have no title in law to Nerak, which was
my father’s hold. Renier de Chappes per-
mitted the Saracens to burn it and slay

my parents-”

  “The Saracens avenged the rape of your
mother by your father,” snarled de Chappes.

  “—and when all was safe and I, the
orphan, without standing before the law,
had fled,” continued Matteo as if he had
not heard the interruption, “he secured the
fief from the king. He did not win it,
messers. He sat by and saw a braver lord
slaughtered so that he might expand his
lands.

  “Nerak is his today. It is not mine, and
from this day I am no longer Matteo de
Nerak. I am Matteo d’Antioch.”

  He swung around upon de Chappes.

  “Art satisfied?” he inquired.

  “ ’Tis a sign you begin to realize your
place,” conceded Manasses contemptuously.

  “Nay, I am not finished with you,” said
Matteo, smiling. “By this buffet, am I not!”
And he struck Manasses across the mouth
so fiercely that he reeled to the floor.

  “Ah, dear God!” beseeched Brygas. “Do
not fight with him, Messer Matteo! You
have naught to win by it.”

  “I have a long-awaited revenge to satis-
fy,” returned Matteo grimly.

  “Nay, nay, you are mad!”

Manasses jumped up, purple with rage.
“You know well I would not fight with a
Saracen dog like you!” he yelped. “I may
not soil my steel upon your bastard hide.”
Matteo turned to the group surrounding
them.

  “What say you, messers?” he asked.

  “You are in the right so far, Messer
Matteo,” declared the young knight who
had recognized de Pugne. “I am Allier
de St. Roque, and I ride with the Lord
Balian d’Ibelin.”

“Why should I fight him?” protested
Manasses. “He is not of knightly blood.”
“He is of better blood than you,” cried
de Pugne, “and if you do not fight him I
will whip you from the city.”

  Brygas stood weeping and wringing her
hands.

  “He will fight,” promised the young
knight, de St. Roque.

  “What talk of fighting do I hear?” cut
in a new voice, and Prince Baldwin thrust
a path into the heart of the group.

  At his heels strode John the Englishman,
a worried look on his lined face.

  “ ’Tis I have challenged Messer de
Chappes,” spoke up Matteo.

“You, Messer de Nerak? And why?”
“For that Messer de Chappes challenged
my honor, and my right to the name de
Nerak. The last I conceded to him. Hence-
forth I am Matteo d’Antioch.”

  “Yet still I do not understand the bicker,”
said Baldwin, bewildered.

  “If it please you, lord,” interrupted John
the Englishman, “Messer Matteo is son
to the former lord of Nerak.”

  “Ha, so! I perceive the merits of the
case,” said Baldwin softly.

  A harsh, bleak look covered his blond
features. Their immaturity vanished as by
magic.

  “The point was not a knightly one to
take, Messer de Chappes,” he said curtly.
“You disgrace my father’s court. Prithee,
retire to the fleet at St. Simeon, there to
await our coming.”

  De Chappes squared his shoulders and
strove to effect a jaunty air as he left the
room, but none of his comrades gave him so
much as a glance of sympathy.

  “As for you, Messer Matteo,” continued
the prince with a hint of reproval, “you are
wise enough to know that it could not have
advanced your fortunes had you slain a
guest of Prince Bohemond on a festival day.
Nay, I blame you not, but consider my
words and be guarded accordingly.”

  He put his hand on the arm of John the
Englishman in sign that he wished to retire.
The ranks of the group opened before him,
and he walked beside the old jongleur to
the banquet hall.

  “There passes a king,” said Brygas, “and
one who hath been a good friend to you,
Messer Matteo d’Antioch. You do well to
change your name. ’Tis worthy of the place
you have won by your own efforts, as be-
cometh a valiant knight.”

 “Yet I am no knight,” protested
Matteo.

  “Knighthood is not confined to gilded
spurs, nor doth it require the stroke of the
accolade to impart its virtues,” she an-
swered gently. “Am I not right, Messer
de St. Roque?”

  He bowed over her hand.

  “Those very words were instilled into my
mind by my dear Lord Balian,” he replied.
“I count Messer Matteo d’Antioch—or de
A Son of Strife

Nerak—or whatever else he chooses to call
himself—my friend.”

  Others murmured assent and extended
their hands to Matteo.

  “We are of the native-born,” declared a
squire. “We weary of the pretensions of
foreign adventurers like de Chappes.”

  “A truce to politics,” laughed Brygas.
“Am not I, too, an adventurer?”

  “Nay, nay,” they answered her. “You
are the Queen of Beauty!”

  It seemed to Matteo an apt title. His
heart beat faster as he heard it.

  “Aye, so shall you be,” he said, bending
his knee to her; “and I do proclaim you as
such in this realm of Antioch eke Jerusalem,
with countship and wardship, baronage and
admiralty, over all who love and woo.”

  A warm light blazed in her eyes as she
leaned down and smote him lightly on the
shoulder.

  “Rise, Messer Matteo,” she bade him.
“You are knight to my grace, and as first
jongleur of Outremer shall be charged with
due proclamation of all loving encounters
and chronicling of such passages at hearts
as may ensue.”

  The knights and squires clapped their
hands and applauded.

  “A right merry wit,” they confided one
to another.

  “Certes this Messer Matteo is a proper
person even though he be a bastard, as de
Chappes hath charged,” said de St. Roque
to de Pugne.

  “He is as good a man of his hands as he
is of his voice,” replied Frangois. “But
never before did I see him permit a woman
to cozen him.”

  There was a hint of jealousy in these last
words. The young knight laughed.

  “It comes in time to all,” he said. “ ’Tis
like a romaunt of his own. I would give
much to see the face of Messer Renier when
he hears what hath happed this day.”

CHAPTER XIII

TO MASSIAF

IT WAS after the banquet that night that
John the Englishman came to Matteo’s
chamber.

  “What madness possessed you, fair son?”
he asked gently. “Thanks to St. George,
I overheard, in passing, the bicker betwixt
you and that varlet de Chappes, and fetched

Prince Baldwin to end it in the only way
possible.”

  “ ’Twould have been best had I fought
and slain him,” replied Matteo sullenly.

  “How would that have advanced you?
Bohemond must have banished you from
his court, at the least. You are on the
threshold of great fame. Why defer your
recognition?”

  “But they are my enemies, Messer John!
Some day I must slay them.”

  “Alack!” sighed the old jongleur wearily.
“There is that in the blood of the folk of
this wild land which breeds hate and intem-
perance. Whither will your revenge carry
you?”

  “I know not,” admitted Matteo.

  “Ave, you know not. Mayhap, if you
do not learn in time revenge hath a sour
savor in the mouth, ’twill carry you whither
you like not.”

  “Even so shall I not make sorrow,” re-
torted Matteo. “I have been thinking the
nonce of taking my case to King Amalric.”
“To what purpose?”

  “I would demand my rights.”

  “Nay, but what are your rights, Matteo?”
Matteo tossed himself into a chair, fum-
ing with rage.

“Have I none, then?” he demanded.
“None, lad. Even the treasures the mer-
chant in Tripoli holds for you you may be
sure of principally because you wear the
ring of Sinan.”

  “Would the king deny me all justice?”
cried Matteo.

  “Not justice, but rights. Aye, for even if
the king heard you, his barons would resist
yielding up a border fortress to you.”

  “ ’Tis unfair—”

  “Unfair and wicked, I grant you, lad—
and no fault of yours. Yet ’tis fact. You
must face it as fact.”

  Matteo tossed slumberless through the
night, but in the morning and throughout
the brief visit of the court of Jerusalem he
took pains to avoid his enemies, with entire
success, since Manasses was in disgrace
aboard the royal galleys at the port of St.
Simeon, and Messer Renier was occupied
with affairs of state.

  But of Brygas and the young Prince
Baldwin he saw much, and he found equal
joy in the feminine charm of one and the
frank admiration of the other. The charm
of Brygas was elusive in quality, vague, dis-
turbing for one who had been unobservant
102

Adventure

of women outside the pages of manuscript
scrolls and the gestes and romaunts of
brother jongleurs.

  When she departed at the end of the
week Matteo was conscious of an emptiness
in his life that he had never known before,
yet it was an emptiness without pain, and
in the swift progress of events, the sweep
and pomp and pageantry of the court, the
occasional clash of war on the marches, he
had no time to lament the loss of a girl who,
after all, he thought of always as the niece
of a mortal enemy.

  So passed another year. The influence
Matteo had secured over the sinister Bohe-
mond won him additional fame. Lords
and knights came to Antioch especially to
hear this matchless jongleur with the golden
voice. Other jongleurs and trouveres
journeyed to compare notes with him and

his master, John the Englishman, or per-
chance, in jealousy, to seek to oust him
from his dominance of their art. Bohemond
delighted to honor him as an ornament of
the court. He had all that youth can de-
sire—all save love, and he was not assured
in his mind that he desired love.

  The court of Antioch vied with Jerusalem
as a center of chivalry. It was a training
school for knights, and in its lists Matteo
was hardened in feats of arms. For he did
not confine himself to service in the palace
any more than did John the Englishman,
whose counsel in war was sought by the
wiliest leaders. If the Saracens raided from
Aleppo or the Armenians from Mamestra
the jongleurs rode with the host in the
Assize of Arms.

  It was in the beginning of the fourth year

of Matteo’s sojourn at Antioch that Ali
Ma’akwaa came to him in perturbation one
morning with a sealed roll of parchment.

  “One in a cloak slipped by me in the
palace court and placed this in my hand,”
said the old Turcople. “He said ’twas for
my master. Before 1 could question .him he
was gone.”

  Matteo turned the roll in his hand. The
seal was of black wax and stamped upon it
was the device of the hand grasping the
triple-bladed knife.

  “Why did you not follow?” he asked.

  “I did, but there was a crowd.”

  “Belike it matters not,” said Matteo,
and slit the seal.

  The script was in Arabic:

   Sinan, Lord of Death, Sheikh-al-Jebal, Master
of Paradise, Deliverer of the Word, to the jongleur
Matteo of Antioch, once of Nerak in the land
beyond Jordan, Cl reeling, in the name of the
Unknown:

   The hour hath arrived when a measure of the
vengeance contemplated may be achieved and
power added to that which a ccrtain ring hath aided
in procuring. Death shall be the portion of those
who are your enemies and mine and those of the
lord you serve. To this end you shall wait upon
me at the Castle of Massiaf. Let no time be lost
in obeying my summons.

   This is the word of Sinan.

  “Is it evil tidings, Messer Matteo?”
asked Ali.

  “Nay, I know not,” replied Matteo
thoughtfully. “Perchance it means a
worthy adventure. It bodes death for
some. But I must seek speech with the
prince and Messer John.”

  He found the two playing at chess, and
Bohemond studied the message eagerly, as
always, hungry for the unusual, for aught
that would divert his somber mind.

  “You cannot interpret its meaning?” he
asked finally.

  “Nay, lord.”

  “What think you, John?” inquired the
prince, handing the parchment to him.

  The old jongleur read it twice, then
glanced keenly at Matteo.

  “What is your thought?” he asked.

  Matteo shrugged his shoulders.

  “ ’Tis an opportunity for adventure,” he
said. “I have had experience of the power
of Sinan, as you wot. I am interested to
test it further.”

  John the Englishman nodded his head.

  “Much have I heard of this enchantcd
castle of Massiaf,” he remarked, “but never
A Son of Strife

103

have I met the man who could truthfully
say he had set eyes upon it. Many a foray
have the Templars dispatched into the
country of the Assassins to seek it out, but
never have they glimpsed its turrets. So
far may a Christian ride alive through these
mountains. A league beyond he is a corpse,
save he turn back.”

  “My counsel, lord, is that you permit
Matteo to obey.”

  “Aye,” agreed the prince, “for ’tis in my
mind that he should have a rare tale to tell
upon his return. How will you go, Matteo?”
“Certes, I know not.”

  “Massiaf, by all reports,” interrupted
John the Englishman, “is in the mountains
of Lebanon inland from Jebleh. You must
be wary of the Templars, Matteo, for they
would slay even you did they suspect you
of traffic with Sinan. The prince’s safe-
conduct would not protect you in such a
case.”

  “I will use care, dear lord, and if I live
1 will make a new geste for you, lord prince,
that you shall not soon tire of.”

  The chess-board was abandoned, and the
prince and John the Englishman vied with
each other to aid in the hurried preparations
that Matteo found necessary. Ali was over-
joyed at the prospect of bearding the Old
Man of thfe Mountain in his castle, for, to
say truth, the oldTurcople often grew tired
of the ordered routine of the palace and the
confinement of Antioch’s walls. His idea
of a happy life was a border keep with fre-
quent excursions against the enemy, a free
hand at plunder and death ever riding at
his saddle-bow.

  “By St. Bacchus and Allah, who ought
to be a saint!” he exclaimed as they rode
out of the palace courtyard, followed by the
envious farewells of de Pugne—now a full-
fledged knight.—and others of the court,
“This is the best venture ever we have been
upon, Messer Matteo, and it shall go ill with
us if we do not win rich booty.”

  “We are not after booty, old wolf,”
laughed MatteO. “We are riding into the
jaws of death to match wits with one who
rails himself the Lord of Death. If we win
free with life and a new song to sing, I shall
be satisfied.”

  “Each to his liking,” grumbled Ali. “You
would take a song instead of a gold bangle
any day.”

  They rode out by the river gate, and fol-
lowed a road leading southward, parallel to

 the coast, but some seven or eight leagues
 inland. They had not traveled far when
 they caught up with a man dressed as an
 Italian merchant, who rode one pony and
 led another carrying well-stuffed paniers.
 “A fair day, lord,” he hailed them.

 “Fair enough,” returned Matteo shortly,
 not desirous of intercourse with a stranger.

 But the man kneed his pony over to their
 side of the road.

 “You ride to Jebleh?” he asked.

 “In that direction,” admitted Matteo.

 “ ’Tis a parlous stretch, lord. Will you
 lend me the grace of your company for your
 own sake as well as mine?”

 “Nay,” denied Matteo, “1 know you not.
 On the road the stranger is not always the
 friend.”

 “Why, that is wisely spoken, but are you
 sure that I am a stranger?”

 Matteo stared at the man’s dark, shrewd
 ■features.

 “Your face means nothing to me,” he
 said.

 “Think again,” urged the man. “ ’Twas
 not in Antioch, lord.”

 “I have never seen you before,” insisted
 Matteo.

 “But you have,” persisted the merchant.

 “Not garbed in this wise, but-”

 He broke off, and peered at Matteo
 askance with a queer contortion of his fea-
 tures that stirred a sleeping memory.

 “Think,” he continued, “three years ago,
 and more. A fair day in Spring like this.
 A barren hillside, and one who fled and men
 in armor who pursued.”

 In a flash the strange face became
 familiar.

 “The Assassin who fled to the desert!”
 cried Matteo. “You are Kafur!”

 The “Italian merchant” bowed.

 “Kafur, Messer Matteo. I see you still
 wear the ring I gave you.”

 Matteo twitched the heavy silver circlet
 with its impressive device.

 “Have you come to ask it back?” he de-
 manded.

 “Not so, lord. A gift is a gift. Nay, I
 rode this way because one whispered in my
 ear that you were riding to Massiaf. And
 the way to Massiaf is fraught with frequent
 dangers for those who have never ridden it
 before.”

 “I am riding toward Jebleh,” returned
 Matteo doubtfully.

 “And if you will take the advice of one
104

Adventure

who means you well you will not continue
to Jebleh.”

 “Why?”

  “Because that way you can not avoid
encountering patrols of the Templars, who
think they guard skilfully the approaches
to my master’s land.”

  “Your master?”

 “Even so. The Old One. He whose
message, I doubt not, you carry in your
wallet. I travel this road, Messer Matteo,
at his behest to see that you come to no
harm.”

  “Then you are to be responsible for our
safety?”

 “Aye, lord. Ask me no more. The
brotherhood of which I am a member work
in secret by devious ways. You will under-
stand more before you see Antioch again.”
“But first answer me this,” proposed
Matteo. “Why does Sinan wish me to come
to Massiaf?”

  “ ’Twould be death to answer,” said
Kafur quickly. “Wait, and you shall hear
it from his lips.”

 “But-”

  “Lord, I know not. I might not tell you,
if I would.”

  “There is none to overhear you.”

  The Assassin looked around him with
a shudder of apprehension.

  “Sinan hears everything,” he answered.
“In the midst of the desert you could not
talk unheard.”

  “A lord of vast powers,” commented
Matteo with sarcasm.

  “Far vaster than you reckon.”

  “Yet he fears the Templars beyond all
bounds!”

  “Aye, because if he slays one grand mas-
ter they elcct another and to celebrate it
destroy one of his out-lying borderholds.”
An hour’s ride to the south they came to
a point where the road forked, one arm
turning westward to the coast, the other
following a line of hills overlooking the
valley of th'e Oront es.

  “Had you followed the coast road, Messer
Matteo,” said the Assassin, pointing to the
west, “you would have been caught by the
Templars. This other path climbs to
Massiaf by passes the Templars have never
been able to enter.”

  That night they slept in a peasant’s hut.
The next day they traversed a wild and
desolate country, which became ruggedly
mountainous as they pressed on. Once

Kafur left the path for a rocky ravine to
avoid a troop of spears they saw issuing from
a small castle overhanging the cliffs ahead.

  “But they are Christians,” objected
Matteo. “Why should we fear them?”
“Because you are not in Christian com-
pany,” replied Kafur with a gleam of teeth.

  The second night they encamped by
a mountain-stream without a fire, and the
wolves howled around them until dawn.
They had not been long on their way in the
morning when they heard cries from a near-
by hillside, and a body of mountaineers in
goatskin garments raced toward them with
bow-strings taut.

  “Shall we charge or fly?” asked Matteo,
as he and Ali drew their swords.

  “For your lives, do neither,” returned
Kafur. “They are my people. The watch-
ers of the passes.”

  As the mountaineers approached, he took
from one of his packs a replica of the gro-
tesque triple-bladed knife which was carved
on Matteo’s ring. He held it high above his
head, and the watchers stopped in their
tracks.

  “The Sign of Death!” they cried. “Pass,
friends of the Old One.”

  Three times afterward they were assailed
by savage bands at different points in the
passes. Twice on the distant horizon
Matteo beheld the towers of fortalices
whose strength seemed to lie rather in un-
assailable locations than in size. But not
once did they see a house or a hovel or any
indication of human occupancy, not even
animals or cultivated fields.

  “How do your people live?” questioned
Matteo in bewilderment.

  “That is our secret,” said Kafur with his
ready smile. “They do not lack for any-
thing. They are so happy that they weep
when they must go away.”

  “Go away?”

  “Obey the orders of the Old One,” he
explained.

  “And what are his orders?”

  “Nay, Messer Matteo, you ask too many
questions. Perchance you shall learn from
the Old One, himself, if he chooses.”
Matteo was about to answer in pique
when the Assassin seized him by the arm.
“See!” he said. “There is Massiaf!”
They were on the crest of the pass, and
leagues away across the mountains loomed
a soaring pile of lowers, battlements and
pinnacles, limned against the blue of the
A Son of Strife

105

horizon line like some fairy stronghold that
would vanish at the waving of a wand.

  “Is it far?” asked Matteo, moved, de-
spite himself, by the glamour of the picture.

   “Another day’s ride,” rejoined Kafur, and
he added enigmatically: “Few have been
anxious to reach it. And fewer still have
been ready to leave it when the hour came.”

CHAPTER XIV

THE GARDEN OF DELIGHT

THE towers of Massiaf faded into the
twilight as they descended the oppo-
site side of the pass. It was not until the
afternoon of the next day that they saw it
again, sitting so serenely in the sky, almost
as if it belonged to another world.

  Drawing nearer, hour by hour, Matteo
realized that it was much larger than he had
at first supposed. Wall and turret, bartizan
and bailey, the structure soared above the
mountain peak it crowned, not one, but
a succession of superimposed fortifications,
like a town rather than a castle.

  The country at its foot was as bleak and
inhospitable as any they had crossed in
their journey, black rocks and stunted trees
and no crops growing in the few patches of
earth that lay in folds of the cliffs. No man
appeared to watch them pass; no curious
eyes looked down from the battlements as
they reached the deep, dry moat that
yawned before the lower wall a short dist-
ance up the mountain’s flank.

   “ ’Tis like a castle of the jinn!” muttered
Ali, crossing himself.

  “Your Christianity is but skin deep,”
jeered Matteo, himself none too comfort-
able. “There are no such things as jinn.”

  “Mayhap, but here is evil or I never saw
wickedness. ’Tis not human! Mark the
size of the hold—and never a human to be
seen! Who but Satan could rule in such
a place?”

  “Our guide is not concerned,” said Mat-
teo, pointing to Kafur, who rode phleg-
matically in front of them.

   “Aye, for he is Satan’s familiar, I begin
to think, Messer Matteo.”

  “The saints forbid! But see! They lower
the draw.”

  Without a hail from Kafur, without a
trumpet-blast or challenge from the bare
walls, the ponderous mass of the draw-
bridge began to drop across the moat ahead

of them. It settled into place with a flick of
dust, and Kafur turned in his saddle and
beckoned Matteo and Ali to follow him.
As their horses’ hoofs rang on the planks,
Matteo craned his head upward, expecting
to surprize some sly watcher at loophole or
machicoulation. But there was not a sign
of human occupancy. The walls and towers
stretched around the mountainside, white
and vacant beneath the lowering sun.

  He peered forward under the shadows of
the arch of the gateway. There, too, was
emptiness. No guards awaited them; no
sentries appeared. Their horses’ hoofs rum-
bled in the archway. Behind them there
was a clang, and Matteo looked back hastily
to see the portcullis dropped in place. The
draw, itself, commenced to rise again,
noiselessly, without a hint of machinery or
human hands. He shuddered. A fear akin
to that which Ali had expressed stole over
him. This place was eery, uncanny. He
forced himself to address a remark to Kafur
as they emerged from the gateway arch into
a stone-paved courtyard.

  “Your lord is not dowered with many
servants, it seems.”

  “Nay, his servants are many, but dis-
creet.”

  “Will they condescend to take our
horses?” inquired Matteo sarcastically.

  “In time. We have yet some distance to
ride.”

  They passed through a gateway in the
opposite wall of the courtyard which stood
open, and found themselves upon a zigzag-
ging ramp of stone, barred at intervals by
gates and lined with loopholed walls, which
climbed the mountainside toward the en-
chanted pile of the castle proper. The
defenses they had so far seen were only
outworks.

   Up and up, they toiled, their horses plod-
ding steadily on the cobbled way. No
sound of voices, no clashing of weapons, no
smell of cooking, reached them. They
might have been in the Land of the Dead
for all the visible evidence of life that was
afforded them. The clicking of hoofs and
the creaking of saddles echoed prodigiously
between the long white walls that lined the
ramp. Occasionally they came to a window
in the walls through which they might view
the wild tangle of mountains they had
passed, no less desolate than this Castle of
Emptiness.

  Yet Matteo fancied that unseen eyes
io6

Adventure

were watching him. He had a sensation as
if all about him sentient life was teeming,
held in check by some master will. He felt
as though any moment a thousand voices
might shriek a savage war-cry, and he knew
that if they did his straining nerves must
break.

  But nothing happened. Instead, they
came into a second courtyard immediately
below the wide-ranging cluster of towers
which capped the peak. From doorways
in its walls stepped immense negro slaves,
clad in spotless white waist-cloths, who
helped them to dismount and then led the
horses away, all without a single word or
even unnecessary gesture.

  “If it please you, Messer Matteo, follow
me,” said Kafur.

  “It matters not whether it pleases me,”
retorted Matteo. “The bird in the trap
must do as the trapper lists.”

  Kafur stopped before an iron gate in the
wall, one hand raised to strike a pendant
gong beside it.

  “Nay, you are free,” he said. “But say
the word, and I will summon back your
horses and you may depart.”

  Matteo hesitated, half of a mind to put
the statement to the test.

“Sinan hath no use for those who fear
aught,” added Kafur impartially. “If you
would go, you had best go before ’tis too late.”
“Who said that I fear?” demanded
Matteo with heat.

  He strode to the gate, and smote the
gong with his sword-hilt. The gate swung
open by a chain which ran through a hole
in the stonework.

  “Lead on,” he said. “And remember,
whoever you are, I fear nothing that the
hand can touch or the eye see.”

  Kafur salaamed, with a twinkle of mirth
in his eye.

  “Your pardon, lord. Your servant’s
words were ill chosen. None the less, ’tis
true that you are still at liberty to go back,
if you wish. ’Tis for you to choose.”

  “I have chosen.”

  “So be it.”

  He led them through a long tunnel into
a third courtyard which was planted with
trees and shrubs, embellished with tinkling
fountains and rare mosaics of stone and
statues deftly carven, which Matteo knew
must have been the handiwork of the an-
cient artisans of the East.

  In the arcade which formed a quadrangle

about the court he halted and clapped his
hands twice. Three blacks ran forward
from some unseen entrance, and stood be-
fore them with heads bowed and arms
crossed on their breasts.

  “You will require rest and refreshment,
Messer Matteo,” said Kafur. “These are
your slaves. They will bring you whatever
you wish.”

  “I thought I came hither to see Sinan,”
objected Matteo.

  “So you did, lord, but you are weary.”
“Nay, I am as ready now as I shall be
later,” insisted Matteo.

  “Sinan will be glad to hear of your zeal,”
replied Kafur, smoothly evasive. “There
is time for you to rest and eat.”

  With that he turned upon his heel and
vanished, giving Matteo no time for further
objections. One of the negroes lifted
Matteo’s hand to his forehead, and mo-
tioned to the far side of the quadrangle.

  “There is naught for it but to go whither
we are led,” quoth Matteo resignedly. “For
good or ill, we are her£, and must do as we
are bid, Ali.”

  “Aye, Messer Matteo, and keep our
swords handy,” returned the old Turcople
craftily. “At the least, these blacks are
humans, which is proof the place hath other
than jinn to garrison it.”

  The negroes conducted them up a narrow
stair in the wall to a chamber both large and
high, with windows overlooking the court.
Adjoining it was a bath, and laying aside
their armor and soiled garments, Matteo
and Ali enjoyed a plunge in the cool waters,
which flowed in and out of vents in the
marble walls.

  “Whoever he may be, this Sinan must
possess as much wealth as Prince Bohe-
mond,” suggested Ali, as they dried them-
selves and one of the negroes draped them
in flowing robes of silken materials.

  “And magic gardens, too, it would seem,”
remarked Matteo, stepping into their cham-
ber, where the other two slaves were arrang-
ing a low table set with a wealth of fruits
and meats, with flasks and flagons of wine
in buckets of snow.

  “Whence comes this profusion?” he asked
in the Saracen tongue.

  The blacks smiled to show they under-
stood and opened their mouths, pointing
at the mutilated stumps of their tongues.

  “Mutes!” exclaimed Ali. “ ’Tis no won-
der the place is so quiet!”
A Son of Strife

107

  They sat on cushions by the table, and
the blacks served them swiftly with all that
they wished. As evening drew on, bronze
lamps were lighted. Once Matteo walked
to the windows and looked out. The court-
yard was dark. Not a sound drifted up to
him, but the pattering of the fountain.

  After that he had no desire to move.
A drowsy feeling stole over him. The wine
was heady and sweet; the slaves kept his
cup always full. Still, he thought, it was
strange that he should yield to its effects so
early, he who was accustomed to the
carouses of Bohemond’s court.

  “Ali,” he said with an effort. “Doth the
wine ring in your head?”

  Ali, who had been silent since his second
cup, quaffed a flagon with the practised
ease of an old campaigner.

| “Nay, lord, ’tis not the wine,” he an-
wered thickly.

  “What, then?”

  “ ’Tis hashish, Messer Matteo. Aye,
hashish. Sinan’s folk have their name of
Assassins from hashish. They—use—the—
drug-”

 “How? What—say—you?” demanded
Matteo, as his follower’s reply trailed off
into nothingness.

  “Hashish — Hashishans — Assassins,”
muttered the Turcople.

  Matteo struggled to rise to his feet, to
walk around the table; but he seemed to
have leaden weights binding him down.
And while his head did not hurt, it was
heavy. He was conscious that it kept fall-
ing forward on his chest.

  “Ali!” he called again.

  There was no answer.

  “Treachery!” murmured Matteo to him-
self. “Kill—knaves!”

  He started to crawl on his hands and
knees to the divan where he had left his
sword, but as he leaned forward his head
dropped and he could not raise it again.
He was vaguely aware of being lifted by the
blacks and carried to this very divan. As he
sank into the cushions he stretched his hand
out for the sword-hilt—and a great darkness
blanketed his mind, a darkness that was
animate in its luxurious denseness, in the
delicious languor it inspired.

  In that first moment of his awaking Mat-
teo lay with his eyes half-closed, drinking
in the fragrance of the perfumes that drifted
on the air and the subdued melodies, almost
as intangible as the odors of the flowers,

which were wafted to his ears. It was good
to lie, inert, effortless, betwixt the worlds,
as it were, and take joy in the pleasantness
of his surroundings. But after a while
a sense of uneasiness possessed him. There
was something he did not understand in his
position. That soft music was subtly dis-
turbing in its low, insistent play of passion.
That-

  He heard a movement near him, and

suddenly sat up.

   “Ali!” he called.

  Ali did not answer, and Matteo searched
the room with dazed, perplexed eyes. Yes,
there was Ali, reposing on a couch like his
own, a kind of cushioned litter. But the
room was not that in which they had
feasted the night before. It was more
open, sunlight poured in on three sides.

  “What does my lord wish?” asked a gen-
tle voice behind him. “You have only to
name it.”

  Matteo swung his feet to the marble floor
and looked around. A girl in a costume of
shimmering, transparent stuffs, girdled with
a belt of golden disks, stood smiling down
upon him. She was dark, with long, sheeny
black hair and tawny brown eyes, and the
rich tints of her rounded limbs gleamed
through her draperies.

  “Who are you?” he said dumbly.

  “Your slave.”

  “Where am I?”

  “In Paradise, lord.”

  “In Paradise!” He shook his head slowly.
“Nay, maiden, tell me, in sooth. Where

am I?”

  “Said I not ‘in Paradise’, lord? But if you
like another name better, why not call it the
Garden of Delight?”

  Matteo regarded her blankly. She was
very fair, and her surroundings were of
appropriate cast.

  “Last night I entered the castle of Sinan,
Lord of the Assassins,” he said slowly. “We
feasted—and slept.”

  “And today you are in Paradise, lord,”
she replied brightly. “Are you not fortu-
nate among men?”

  “I do not know,” he said.

  She came close to him.

  “Are you not pleased with me, lord?” she
asked frankly.

  “Pleased?”

  “Aye, lord. I should like to please you,
but if I do not, mayhap, some one of my
sisters shall be more fortunate.”
Adventure

  She started to clap her hands.

  “Nay,” said Matteo quickly. “I meant
no discourtesy, maiden. But my follower—
why does he not awake?”

  “He shall,” she promised, and slipping
across the chamber, blew lightly upon Ali’s
eyes.

  The old Turcople yawned heavily, ex-
tended his sinewy frame, rolled from side to
side, opened his eyes—and sat up.

  “What—what—” he gasped.

  “Aye, what?” returned Matteo grimly,
speaking in the Frankish tongue.

  “Will my lord take food?” interposed the
girl.

  “Yes,” said Matteo, glad of the oppor-
tunity to be rid of her.

  She made a salaam, embraced him and
Ali in a dazzling smile and left the room.

  “Where are we, Messer Matteo?” in-
quired the Turcople, trying his feet to the
floor to make sure it was real.

  “You are in Paradise, Ali, according to
my fair informant, who, it seems, is one of
the houris.”

  “It can not be,” denied Ali practically.
“We are Christians, lord. Paradise is not
for us.”

  The girl who had awakened them re-
appeared at this moment ushering in a pro-
cession of other damsels, all as fair as er-
self, all draped in the sheer fabrics which
only masked their dainty figures. They
carried a number of trays of food, and each
smiled whole-heartedly upon the two men.

  “Your slaves are delighted to serve you,”
said the girl who had first appeared.

  Ali stared until his eyes almost popped
out of his head.

  “If this be Paradise, lord, we are in it by
mistake,” he spluttered.

  “It may be Heaven,” suggested Matteo
amusedly.

  “Nay, nay, lord. Heaven is not like this.
This is Allah’s Paradise, and if Allah finds
us here he will call in a pair of Afrits and
bid them carry us down to Eblis, which is
Hell, and verv much like the Christians’
Hell, I think.”

  “What does the old man say?” asked the
leader of the damsels.

  “He says that we are Christians and have
no place in Allah’s Paradise,” replied Mat-
teo with a smile. “He thinks that we shall
be carried down to Eblis by the Afrits.”

  The girl and her companions broke into
pearly bursts of laughter.

  “It is true we have seldom had Christians
in the Garden,” said the one who had
attached herself to Matteo. “But upon
occasion Allah sees fit to honor some, and
we, who are his houris and the slaves of all
true believers who are favored of Allah, do
what we may to make their stays agreeable
to them.”

  “Their stays?” repeated Matteo. “Once
arrived in Paradise, do the favored ever
depart?”

  She arranged the trays before him, and
caressed his shoulder with a hand like
a rose bloom.

  “You ask too many questions, lord,” she
smiled. “Eat, and prithee, be merry.”

  So, being hungered, he ate, as did Ali, and
the damsels attended them, quick to antici-
pate their wants.

  “What else do we do, besides eat and
drink, in Paradise?” queried Matteo at last.

  “Whatsoever you will, lord.”

  Matteo looked whimsically at Ali.

  “Let us inspect Paradise. What say vou,
Ali?”

  “Aye, Messer Matteo,” the Turcople
agreed readily.

  The damsels clustered about them with
willowy grace.

  “Do you come with us, lord,” directed
the leader. “Your domain lies ready for
you.”

  She took his hand in hers, and the othwrs
danced ahead as she guided him out upon
a portico in front of the chamber in which
they had awakened. Ali followed, rubbing
his eyes very hard.

CHAPTER XV

             /

TEMPTATION

MATTEO caught his breath at the ex-
otic beauty of the scene.

  “Certes, ’tis Paradise!” stammered Ali.

  They stood in an open courtyard, sunk
below the level of the surrounding ground.
It was embowered in flowers. Gorgeous
roses blossomed in every open space; vines
and creepers covered the walls and stone-
work with a net of luscious greenery; ferns
and dwarf cypresses, gnarled olive trees,
broad patches of lotus blooms, a score of
colorful plants Matteo could not name,
crowded the perspective of the garden.

  At the far end a silvery cascade foamed
its way down a series of troughs in the
A Son of Strife

109

midst of a flight of marble stairs and
dropped in one last ecstatic leap into a long
pool which ran through the center of the
courtyard to their feet. Beyond the steps,
a broad expanse of greensward, dotted with
forest trees, stretched to the lichen-covered
cliffs which blocked the vista.

  Behind the house from which they had
emerged were other gardens like the one
before them, set with pavilions of similar
architecture in the Arabian style, roofs
swelling into bulbous domes, tiled with a
myriad contrasting hues, latticed windows
to shut out the sun-glare, arched bal-
conies and porches. At intervals fountains
threw their spray high in air. Between the
buildings thick clumps of jade-green cy-
presses towered aloft, and in the background
the valley was sealed by a tremendous wall,
which reared its granite courses more than
a hundred feet above their heads without a
single opening.

  The sides of the valley, Matteo perceived,
sloped gradually for a short distance, and
then ascended perpendicularly in cliffs
which seemed to furnish architraves for the
fleecy clouds that floated over them. The
air was balmy with the odor of flowers; the
delicate music which had stirred Matteo’s
senses upon awaking, pulsed in their ears;
song birds linked the strains with the har-
monies of nature; the splashing of the foun-
tains and the tinkling of the cascades
throbbed through the medley of sound and
color.

  “If this be not Paradise, then Paradise
can not be more fair,” he said gravely.
“Damsel, how came we to this place?”

  She smote him lightly across the mouth
with the petals of her fingers.

  “Said I not you asked too many ques-
tions, lord?” she chided, merry-eyed. “In
the Garden of Delight, which is Paradise for
ordinary mortals, if not for Frankish jon-
gleurs, we do not ask or answer questions.”
“What do you, then?”

  “We live—and play—and dance—and
love.”

  “But your pursuits do not interest me at
this moment,” objected Matteo. “I came
hither on an errand of vengeance.”

  She surveyed him archly.

  “You are full young to be so stern, lord.
And the old one with you?”

  “I am, as you say, an old one,” rejoined
Ali Ma’akwaa sturdily. “For the rest, I
think as my master does.”

  “Nay, we shall make trial of you,” she
said.

  Before Matteo could answer, she glided
from his side, with a wave of command to
her attendants. The unseen music shifted
to a livelier theme, and the houris whirled
into the measures of a posturing dance.
Muslin draperies clung and fell loose with
the energy of movement; unshod feet
seemed to spurn the velvet grass; weaving
arms and wind-borne tresses were a diadem
of ivory and ebony.

  The music quickened. Faster and faster
spun the dancers, backward and forward,
forward and back. They floated about the
two men, now close, now in swift retreat.
A lock of scented hair whipped Matteo’s
cheek; white arms invited him. The music
rose to a crescendo. The dancers worked
themselves to a pitch of frenzy—a cloud of
tumultuous draperies, a confusion of gleam-
ing limbs, pouting lips and refulgent eyes.

  Snap! The music ended. The dancers,
poised in air, fell forward on their faces, all
save the leader. She wavered forward like
a weary bubble of foam, and collapsed
against Matteo, her body slipping through
his reluctant arms until he was obliged to
clasp her to him. She tossed back the
torrent of her hair, and looked up at him
with her head upon his shoulder.

  “How, now, lord?” she murmured. “Is
this a place for asking questions?”

  He bent to meet her lips. Her tawny
eyes smiled into his, dewy and emotional.

  “I know not,” he said. “You are very
fair.”

  He felt himself sinking into the pools of
her eyes.

  “I am yours, lord.”

  “Houri or not, you are-”

  His arms tightened about her convul-
sively, so that she cried out. In the mirror
of her iris, rimmed by the opalescent whites,
fringed by long, black lashes, he seemed to
see reflected the picture of a lissom maiden,
with red-gold hair, astride a racing black
horse. The picture framed itself and van-
ished in the blinking of an eyelid.

  He gasped, and his arms released her.
She floated from him, puzzled, a rebellious
frown on her face.

  “I do not find favor in my lord’s sight,”
she said sullenly.

  He stared at her, uncomprehending.

  “I may not,” he answered slowly.
“Your pleasures are not for me, lady.”
no

Adventure

  The half-circle of dancers leaped lithely
to their feet, rearranging their filmy rai-
ment, eying Matteo and their leader with
ill-concealed wonder.

  “How say you, Messer Matteo?” spoke up

Ali. “They seem to fancy us. Shall we--”

  Matteo turned upon him.

  “I know not what this means,” he said,
using the Frank tongue. “But do not
respond to their advances. This is no
more Paradise than it is Antioch. ’Tis
some hellish plot of Sinan’s.”

  “What?”

  The Turcople’s mouth gaped wide.
“Last night,” pursued Matteo swiftly,
“did you not tell me you suspected we had
been fed with hashish?”

  “So I did, Messer Matteo. I had for-
gotten.”

  “By the saints, that explains it all! WTe
have been drugged, and carried to some
pleasure garden of Sinan’s to be cozened
into readiness to submit ourselves to his
will!”

  “Mayhap, but, touching what the damsel

said about Paradise-”

  “Take thought to your wits, Ali! As you
said in the beginning, how could two pro-
fessing Christians gain entrance to Allah’s
Paradise? And did you ever hear priest
describe Heaven like to this?”

  “Nay,” admitted the Turcople unwilling-
ly. “Yet I see not why Sinan should in-
dulge us with his harem, which I take it you
suppose this to be.”

  “I suppose nothing I do not know.”
Matteo turned upon the leader of the
houris.

  “Damsel,” he said, “I would not have
you think me unkind, but I am in no mood
for dalliance. I would ask no fairer lady
than yourself to idle away the hours,
but——”

  She laughed sweetly as a chiming bell.
“Certes, fair lord, you are the first to
enter the Garden of Delight who refused its
courtesies. But this day is young, and
others will follow, and you will soon see the
writing of Kismet on the wall. Do not
forget me. You are different from other
men, and I could love well one who is not
too easily tempted.”

  “But if this is Paradise I shall be here
always, and will you not serve me alone?”
asked Matteo, smiling.

  “Yours I shall be, and yours alone, if you
desire it, so long as Allah wills.”

 “Then I may be cast forth from
 Paradise?”

 She laughed, and all her attendants joined
 with her in the echoing peal.

 “Here may return all who desire, and who
 will pay the price,” she replied.

 “What price?”

 “I know not.”

 “Would you serve me?” he tried her.
 “Gladly, lord.”

 She leaned toward him eagerly.

 “I have business in Massiaf. How may
 I go thence?”

 Disappointment clouded her face.

 “Here we have naught to do with
 Massiaf.”

 “But how may I go there? At least, tell
 me that?”

 “Nay,” she returned. “None may leave
 the Garden—without permission.”

 “Whose permission?”

 ‘.‘His—Allah’s, Kismet’s. Name him as
 you please.”

 “But who will prevent our departure?”
 “The guardians.”

 “Who are they?”

 “See for yourself, lord.”

 And she waved a slim arm toward the
 huge wall of masonry that blocked the exit
 from the valley.

 “Zounds, I will!” exclaimed Matteo.
 “Come, Ali!”

 “Is there to be a fight?” inquired Ali
 interestedly.

 “We have no weapons. Still-”

 The houris joined in mocking laughter.
 “There will be no fight,” said the leader.
 “Go and look upon the guardians. When
 you return we shall be awaiting you. Per-
 chance we may find other means of diverting
 you, we who have not been so fortunate as to
 win your approval.”

 They danced away around the opposite
 side of the pavilion, gauzy tunics eddying
 in the mild breeze, raven locks cloaking their
 loveliness, voices chanting an elfin snatch of
 song.

 “Messer Matteo,” said the old Turcople
 quite seriously, “why should we go to talk
 with these guardians or seek to leave this
 place before we must? I have been a man-
 at-arms all my life, and certes, I never saw
 a fairer house or more beautiful women.
 Let us bide here, and take pleasure as we
 may.”

 “And bow to Sinan’s will,” amended
 Matteo. “You are seasoned in war, and
A Son of Strife

hi

you know ’tis folly to do that which your
opponent wishes you to do. Sinan is now
in some sort our enemy. He hath put us
here for reasons of his own. To begin with,
he hath sent for me. When I come to
Massiaf, instead of seeing me, he drugs me
and hath me removed hither. Why? I
say again, Ali, it can be only because he
aims to make of me—and you—his tool.”
Ali shrugged his shoulders, unconvinced.
“You are my lord, Messer Matteo.

What you say, I will do. Yet-”

  He sighed lugubriously, and his eyes
strayed to the clump of cypresses which
had swallowed the dancing girls.

  Matteo set off along a pebbly path which
threaded the garden, or series of gardens,
on the iloor of the valley. The Turcople
followed him with heavy feet and wander-
ing gaze. But no other houris appeared to
distract their attention. They passed sev-
eral of the pavilions, and sometimes a faint
lilt of laughter or the echo of music reached
their ears; but the dwellers in these pleasure
houses remained concealed from sight.

  The path ended in a dense growth of
cypresses, and after a moment’s search,
Matteo discovered that it bore to the left
and continued past the trees. Turning a
corner, he found himself at the base of the
granite wall that sealed the valley’s en-
trance. In front of him yawned a semi-
circular opening, closed by a network of
steel bars, and on either side of this stood a
gigantic negro in white waist-cloth and tur-
ban, with an immensely long simitar in the
hollow of his arm.

  Ali took one look at their wizened faces,
incongruously out of place with their pow-
erful bodies.

  “Eunuchs!” he muttered. “Careful,
lord! These cattle are not to be toyed with.”
Matteo strode up to the nearest of the
guards.

  “I would fain go up to Massiaf,” he said.
The man exposed his white teeth in a
grin, but made no other answer.

  “Open for me!” bade Matteo. “Do you
understand?”

  The man opened his mouth, and stooped
to permit Matteo to see the stump that had
been left of his tongue.

  “Naught but houris and eunuch mutes!”
remarked Ali with satisfaction. “This
valley is tetter than many castles I have
known. You had best reflect again, Mes-
ser Matteo.”

  “Be still,” commanded Matteo impa-
tiently.

  He tapped the guard on the arm, and
pointed to the gateway.

  “Open!” he repeated.

  The eunuch’s reply was to thumb the
blade of his simitar, and emit a shrill
whistle. Feet pattered behind the bars,
and dimly Matteo descried a dozen or
more fellows to the two on his side of the
grill, whose teeth and simitars glittered in
the shadows. The man Matteo had
touched grinned and shook his head.

  “Had we our svvords I would assail the
dogs!” declared Matteo furiously. “But
’tis of no avail, Ali. We shall gain naught
by this parade of our helplessness.”

  “So I believed from the beginning, Messer
Matteo,” agreed the old Turcople cheer-
fully. “We were much better off with the
houris that Allah or somebody sent us by
mistake, mayhap.”

  “Never by mistake! Be sure of that.
And let me not catch you yielding to
their amorous persuasions, or when I re-
gain my freedom I will cast you from my
service!”

  “No need of hard words, lord,” grumbled
Ali. “When did I deny your orders since
you were old enough to hold a blade?
Certes, if you will be a fool, Ali Ma’akwaa
will suffer with you.”

  The cypresses were between them and the
guarded gate, and Matteo dropped his arm
about the Turcople’s shoulders.

  “’Tis as you say,” he returned. “There
is no need for hard words. We will face this
together, and if you will but stand by me,
we shall yet have Sinan at a loss.”

  “Oh, I’ll stand by you,” promised Ali.
“Never doubt. Ha, here are the houris
again!”

  Matteo smiled at the comical note of
infatuation which instantly showed in his
follower’s voice.

  “Remember!” he warned. “On guard!
The damsels are our enemies. They would
conquer our souls, so that Sinan may en-
slave our wills.”

  The houris danced around them, with a
flaunting of delicate charms and a deluge of
bantering remarks.

  “Certes, now you know you may not flee
from our ugliness, you will no longer leave
us to pine alone!” cried their leader.

  “We are resolved, since we must, lady, to
get on as best we can,” replied Matteo.
112

Adventure

  “You have but to order, lord,” she an-
swered readily. “Shall we dance once more
for you? Shall we sing to you? Or shall
we wander through the Garden?”

  “Not so,” returned Matteo warily. “It
hath reached your ears, I believe, that I am
a singer of songs and a teller of tales?”

  “Aye, lord.”

  “Then my suggestion is that we repair to
the pavilion in which you found us, and
make an exchange of the songs and ro-
maunts we know.”

  The damsels all clapped their hands de-
lightedly.

  “A fair proposal!” they applauded.
“Come, let us dance thither!”

  And the merry crew skipped along over
the short, springy grass, singing as they
went a Persian love song that was gemmed
with classical naughtiness.

  In the pavilion a bountiful assortment of
baked fowls and meats, tender salads,
sweets and fruits and half a dozen different
wines awaited them. The damsels insisted
first upon serving Matteo and Ali. After-
ward all sat on the cushions ranged around
the low table, and when the edge of hunger
had been dulled and the wine-cups had
been filled, the leader of the houris requested
Matteo to render them a song after the
manner of the Franks. Then she sang in
reply to him, and one of her company told
a tale that was spiced with wickedness and
packed with laughable puns, and Matteo
recited the Geste of Hwesgither, which
told how a Danish knight had loved a
French lady better than life or his own
desires.

  So passed the day until evening had be-
come night.

  “Have we met your approval, lord?”
asked the queen of the houris when the ap-
plause of Matteo’s effort had died away.
“Aye, indeed.”

  “And doth it please you to accept the love
we offer you?”

  “Nay, lady,” quoth Matteo, “as per-
chance you may have perceived, my people
do not look upon love as do yours. For us
the end of love doth not consist in the mere
attainment of its fruits. We look beyond
to the satisfaction and enrichment of the
soul. ’Tis what we call chivalry.”

  “And you may love no woman?” she
asked, wide eyed.

  “Nay, lady. I worship one who is far
beyond me, far above me, a fair star set in

the ultimate skies. To her service I am
sworn from this day forth.”

 His questioner sighed.

 “Bear witness, comrades,” she appealed
 to her attendants, “I have striven with all
 my arts.”

 “Aye, so have you, sister,” they replied.

 She turned again to Matteo.

 “’Tis a barren creed you own, sweet
 youth,” she said. “I could wish you might
 choose ours. Life is life, and the pleasure
 of it is fleeting. Why stray after what may
 be no more than a mirage of the desert?
 You are there, and I can feel you—so!’'
 She clasped his hand in hers. “That is
 real. But can you touch this specter of
 the skies?”

 “She is as real to me as if I could,” an-
 swered Matteo simply.

 “Ha, so! You are a stout lover, of your
 own kind. Yet I have one boon to ask of
 you.”

 “Name it, lady.”

 She took a tall flask of wine which had not
 been opened and poured a cup. This she
 lifted, and kissed the rim.

 “Drink, lord!” she cried. “Thus you may
 not forget one who was unworthy.”

 “Not unworthy,” objected Matteo.

 He drank, and she refilled the cup and
 passed it to Ali.

 “You, too. old one,” she said.

 Ali drained it, nothing loath. And of a
 sudden, it seemed to Matteo that her face
 was dwindling into the background of
 shadows. A weight, as of all the world,
 bore down upon him.

 “What follows?” he mumbled thickly.

 He was conscious of soft arms that stole
 around his neck, of lips pressed to his, of
 the intoxicating perfume of her body.

 “You bid farewell to Paradise.” a voice
 murmured from a vasty distance.

CHAPTER XVI

THE LORD OF DEATH

MESSER MATTEO! Messer Matteo!”
Matteo aroused himself resent-
fully. Somebody was shaking him by the
shoulders.

 “Wake up, Messer Matteo! We are out
 of Paradise!”

 Matteo sat up and looked around him.
 Ali had just released him. They were in
 the room overlooking the courtyard in
A Son of Strife

113

Massiaf to which they had been conducted
upon their arrival.

  “How came we here?” he asked stupidly.
“Nay, lord, I have been awake only long
enough to come to your side.”

  “Tis more of Sinan’s deviltry,” decided
Matteo, discarding the silken robe he
wore. “Finding he might not seduce us
in that Garden of Delight which so attracted
you, Ali, he hath removed us to earthly
quarters.”

  “Aye, there is a flavor of hashish on my
tongue,” admitted Ali sheepishly. “Be-
think you, Messer Matteo, was it all a
dream?”

  “A dream? Never! And do not let
them delude you into fancying ’twas so.
Come, now, let us bathe.”

  They found their clothes arrayed in
order and their weapons and armor bright.
Ali was buckling his master’s sword-belt
when a knock sounded at the doorway, and
Kafur entered with two of the negro slaves
carrying trays of food.

  “Greeting, lord,” he hailed Matteo.
“Did you rest well?”

  “We rested passing well and enjoyed
diverting dreams,” replied Matteo.

  “That is fortunate,” said Kafur imper-
turbably, “for Sinan desires your presence
as soon as you shall have broken your fast.”
“He hath taken his time in receiving
us,” retorted Matteo, exploring the tray
before him.

  “Why, you must have had sleep——”
  “For a day and two nights?”

  Kafur eyed the jongleur shrewdly, but
made no answer. So Matteo and Ali ate
their fill, and then rose to signify their
readiness to wait upon the lord of Massiaf.

  Their guide led them into a section of the
castle which they had not traversed pre-
viously. Guards in shining mail, with
simitars unsheathed, stood along the walls
of passages and at every door and gateway.
They climbed interminable flights of stairs,
and emerged at last upon a broad terrace on
the edge of a great cliff which formed one
face of the mountain.

  The terrace was thronged with men in
white robes and turbans, and at the right
side a throne was erected upon a stone plat-
form. On this throne was huddled a small
figure, shrouded in ample robes. All of it
that could be seen was the head, abnor-
mally large, with skin stretched tight over
prominent bones, long, woolly, white hair

and beard, thin hawklike nose and eyes that
burned with lambent flames.

  Not a word was said. Kafur walked to
the foot of the throne, knelt and thrice
bowed his forehead to the pavement.
Matteo and Ali stood behind him, restless
under the piercing eyes.

  “Rise, slave!” croaked the owner of the
eyes, with an impatient gesture of clawlike
fingers. “Is this the Frank I bade you
fetch?”

   “Aye, lord.”

  The eyes concentrated upon Matteo.
  “Do you know me?” rasped the voice.

   “I think you are he who is called Sinan,”
returned Matteo coolly. “The Lord of the
Assassins.”

  “Also called the Old Man of the Moun-
tain,” chuckled the voice shrilly. “Also
called the Lord of Death.”

  “It may be, lord,” agreed Matteo. “You
sent for me. What;would you have?”

   The eyes on the throne glared into his.
“Wot you of my power, Frank?” asked
the voice.

  “I know that you are feared.”

  Again the harsh, grating chuckle, in-
human in its heartless glee.

   “Here, slave!” the voice that followed it
abruptly was vibrant with authority.

  A finger beckoned one of the white-clad
figures from the front rank about the throne.
The man stepped forward, a stalwart,
handsome fellow.

  “The cliff-edge—jump!” ordered the
voice.

  The man salaamed once. His face never
twitched. He walked to the cliff-edge, and
stepped off into space. Not a sound em-
phasized the act. Not a voice was raised
in applause or denunciation. Sinan
watched the obedience of his order with a
ferocious kind of interest; then fastened his
attention again upon Matteo, who could
not repress a shudder.

  “Have your Frankish rulers such serv-
ants?” demanded the voice.

  “No, lord. They value their servants’
lives too much.”

“Lives! What are lives? Here! You!”
The terrible old man on the throne
beckoned at random to a retainer near-by,
and the man designated advanced without
a tremor.

  “Cut off your head!” bade the voice.

  The man salaamed, whipped his simitar
from its sheath, placed the keen edge to his
H4

Adventure

throat, shoved with desperate energy—
and his head flew from the neck and rolled,
trickling blood, to the steps of the throne,
while the body, spouting like a fountain,
collapsed slowly to the ground.

  “Hee, hee, hee!” giggled the voice on the
throne. “That man’s father died for me,
and his grandfather slew himself in the
same way for my father. Have you
Franks families of servants like them?”
“Nay, lord,” answered Matteo, “and I
pray you, give me no more demonstrations
of your power. Once was enough. ’Tis
against my religion for men to slay them-
selves without cause.”

  “Religion? What is religion? And as
for cause—did not their lord command
them?”

  “It may be,” returned Matteo steadily.
“But I take no joy in slaughter. Now,
what is your will with me?”

  Sinan regarded him for several moments
with blazing eyes.

  “You realize my power?” he questioned.
  “Aye, lord.”

  “If I ordered your death, naught could
save you.”

  “Yet I do not fear you.”

  “Ha, so! You are a brave youth. I
have watched you long. Did you know
that?”

  “Nay, lord.”

  Sinan chuckled to himself.

  “Three years I have watched you, since
you made use of that ring you still wear
upon Messer Gambaglio in Tripoli. Aye,
Messer Matteo, I have watched your
progress with interest.”

  “You flatter me, lord.”

  “Not so. I would use you.”

  “It may be we shall not agree,” said
Matteo.

  Behind him Ali whispered tremblingly:
  “Speak him fair, Messer Matteo! For

-sake, speak him fair!”

  Sinan chuckled with fiendish glee.

  “Not agree! Tee, hee, hee! ’Tis a
brave youth! Life is not promising for
those who do not agree with the Lord of
Death.”

  “As you please,” retorted Matteo. “Re-
member, the temptations of Paradise did
not tempt.”

  The miniature figure on the marble
throne writhed itself into a knot on the
cushions.

  “Paradise!” it snarled. “What talk is

this? Those who despise Paradise have left
to them only Eblis!”

  Now, Matteo had not forgotten the inex-
pressible sneer with which Sinan had dis-
missed his mention of religion. He aimed
a shot at random.

  “For the ignorant ’tis well enough to talk
of Paradise and Eblis, lord. But we know
how to balance life and the future and what
is hidden behind the veil.”

  The wrathful figure uncoiled itself with a
kind of malign interest such as it had ex-
hibited once before.

  “’Tis a rare youth,” observed the spite-
ful voice. “Kafur, the brethren will re-
tire. I will talk with Messer Matteo
alone.”

  The host of white-garbed men salaamed
deeply, and backed off through the one
wide gateway which gave on the terrace.
Kafur was last of all, his inscrutable face
revealing nothing of his thoughts.

  Sinan waited the dispersal of his followers
with ill-concealed impatience.

  “Come closer, youth,” he said eagerly
when all were out of earshot. “Nay, not
you, old monkey,” this last was ejaculated
at Ali who would have followed his master.
“You have a keen wit. You should know
better than to cast doubt upon the bene-
fits of Paradise before my people. Mayhap,
you would not poison any of them, but one
can never be sure.”

  Matteo smiled.

  “You knew you had not deluded me, did
you not, lord?”

  “Aye, but men have gone in and doubted,
and when they came forth they cried like
babes to be sent back.” The hellish
chuckle burst out again with cynical mirth.
“Such are glad to slay themselves at a nod,
for by death at the wish of their lord they
believe that they shall win the right of
entry into Paradise, never to depart.”

  Matteo experienced a shock of revulsion.

  “So that is how you school your follow-
ers to such explicit obedience!” he ex-
claimed.

  “The credit is not mine,” returned Sinan
complacently. “I am the third lord of
the order in Syria, but long years ago it was
established at Alamut in the Caucasus by
Hassan, the Persian, who was first to per-
ceive the surest way to attach men’s
loyalty.”

  “And none hath denounced the im-
posture?”
A Son of Strife

ii5

  “Of what avail for any to do so? I have
but to send the doubter to the Garden of
Delight. No Moslem can withstand the
lure.”

  “A Christian can,” said Matteo proudly.
“So it seems,” agreed Sinan. “For a
day,” he added, giggling.

   “For as long as it pleases him,’’rejoined
Matteo. “Think not, lord, because you
have the power of life and death that you
can bend me to your will. At worst, you
can slay me.”

  “Why, that is true,” approved Sinan.
“I had it in mind to tty you out. For I
would bind you to me, if I could.” The
shriJl voice took on a note of earnestness
Matteo had not noted before. “Aye, could
I have won you to me by the Garden of De-
light, I had held you, youth, in chains more
rigid than any Christian dungeon boasts.
But you withstood me—how I know not.
Say, was it art-magic? Religion means
naught to me. All religion is wordy
nothingness. But betimes I think there is
a germ of truth in the black art. What was
your spell?”

  “Love,” answered Matteo, smiling.
“Love? The principle of likeness!”
The carrion head on the throne wagged
knowingly. “I have heard the necroman-
cers advance the theory. We will argue it
some other time. The morning speeds,
Messer Matteo, and we have a bargain to
drive.”

  “I have heard naught of a bargain,” said
Matteo.

  “You hear it now. In brief, I wish you
to slay certain persons for me.”

  Matteo drew himself up haughtily.

  “My sword is not for sale.”

  “Tee, hee, hee! You speak like some
Frankish baron with castles and feudal
rights, instead of a homeless bastard, who
would be without any riches, save what his
voice could bring him, but for a certain
ring.”

   Matteo stripped the ring from his finger.
“Take it,” he said. “’Twas given me in
payment of a debt. We will count the pay-
ment settled.”

  Sinan waved it away.

  “You are over-hasty. Keep the ring.
You may yet have need of it. But why
should you spurn my offer?”

   “I have heard no offer.”

   “I offered you death.”

  “Death for whom?”

  “Those whom you hate.”

  The blood lashed through Matteo’s veins.
He leaned forward until his face was very
close to the evil, wrinkled visage of the Lord
of Death.

  “What do you know of those I hate?” he
hissed.

  Sinan snickered with mocking hilarity.

  “I know everything, good youth. ’Tis a
source of my power. I have watched you
for three years. You hate three men,
Achmet-ibn-Muros, prince of Emesa; El-
Afdel, one of his emirs; and Messer Renier
de Chappes, lord of Nerak and Mardan.”

  “My vengeance, yes, that is a price I will
accept,” said Matteo. “Which-”

  “The two Saracens,” interrupted Sinan
eagerly. “The time is ripe, and I have
made a plan that can not fail! Oh, long
years have I waited for such a chance!
My punishment is slow, but it is certain,
and how all the mighty lords, Christian and
Moslem, will shudder when they see me
strike down Achmet-ibn-Muros in his
palace!”

  Curiosity suddenly attacked Matteo.
Then he remembered something his mother
had said that last night at Nerak, after he
had come home, flushed with his day of
adventure, the ring of Sinan on his finger.
“Many a prince of my house has died under
the knives of the Old Man of the Moun-
tain!”

  Yet he pressed the question.

  “Why do you hate Achmet-ibn-Muros?”

  “Because he and his allies have waged
bitter war upon me, and cut off the tribute
I used to exact from all the princes of that
country! A score of times my people have
endeavored to slay him, and always he
hath sent me their heads pickled in brine.
But now he can not escape. This plan that
I have been framing for nigh three years
leaves no path for his flight.”

  Matteo studied the sinister figure with
growing respect. At times he suspected
Sinan of insanity. Again, it seemed that
the warped, twisted, little body must con-
tain a genius, perverted, yet real.

  “W7hat is your plan, lord?” he asked.

  “This. You are a jongleur of merit.
Oh, do not start! I have followed your
career with the interest of a father, for
when Gambaglio reported to me of your
visit and the circumstances of your life, I
saw that you might some day be fitted to
play a part in my plots. Aye, you are a
Ii6

Adventure

famous jongleur, and they say, too, that
you are as apt in Saracen tales and songs as
any story-teller of Damascus.”

  “I know somewhat of such matters,” re-
plied Matteo, as Sinan waited for him to
speak.

  “Ha, ’tis excellent! Mark you, now.
Achmet-ibn-Muros hath a grandson, Feizul-
ibn-Khalid. The lad’s father is dead. He
is the apple of his grandfather’s eye. Next
week Feizul is to be married to the daughter
of the Emir El-Afdel. Tee, hee, hee! That
touches you! Do you remember how he and
Achmet chopped off the heads of your father
and mother? Oh, yes, I know that, too.”
Matteo’s throat was dry and parched.
His eyes were blurred. He leaned forward,
and clutched Sinan by the arm.

  “Man,” he said harshly, “if you trifle with
me about this I will kill you there where
you sit—aye, even though your people
hurl me over the cliff in the next breath!”
The Lord of Death met his eye without
flinching.

  “You are a bold youth!” chuckled the
knife-edged voice, with its hint of spiteful
humor. “No man hath ever laid a finger
before this on the person of the Sheikh-al-
Jebal—and lived.”

  Matteo shook him slightly, unheeding his
words.

  “The plan!” he demanded. “The plan!”
“A simple matter—but would you object
to unhanding me? I am somewhat an-
cient, and not very hardy. I thank you,
good youth. You are rough—which augers
ill for your enemies. Oh, yes, the plan.
There will be high feasting in Emesa
throughout the next two weeks. Princes
and sultans, emirs and sheikhs, from all
over the land are coming. You will attend
with a company of musicians, dancers and
acrobats, with whom your role will be
that of a story-teller. You and your com-
panions will be given prompt entrance to the
palace at such a time. The rest is for you
to compass.”

 “And my company? Are they-”

  “They are such as you saw execute my
orders this morning.”

  “But can they pass for what they pretend
to be?”

  “Damascus doth not hold more skilful
performers. Nay, Messer Matteo, I am
well served. My spies are everywhere.
My servants are of all ranks. You shall
not be embarrassed by stupid helpers.”

  Matteo’s hand went to his sword-hilt.

  “I am your man, lord, for this venture.
When do we start?”

  Sinan clapped his hands.

  “Tee, hee, hee! ’Tis a desperate youth!
But such I need! Such I need! The sooner
the better. You are the right captain for
the enterprise.”

  Four enormous blacks entered at a trot,
carrying a small open litter. Sinan tottered
down from his throne, and sat himself in it.

  “Come with me, Messer Matteo, and you
shall meet your assistants. Good men all
with a bow-string, knife or pillow. Tee,
hee, hee!”

CHAPTER XVII

HOW MATTEO TASTED VENGEANCE

IT WAS evening in the Court of Pome-
granates, ! Achmet-ibn-Muros and his
emirs sat on carpets spread over the steps
that led up to the Hall of a Thousand Joys,
which was too cramped to receive all the
great ones who had flocked to Emesa for the
marriage feast of Feizul-ibn-Khalid and
Azra, the daughter of El-Afdel. Overhead
the women of the palace cooed behind the
gratings of the harem windows. A motley
throng of retainers, servants, privileged
merchants of the city, slaves and enter-
tainers lined the open space.

  The girls of a Bedouin dancing troupe
had whirled through the last mazes of their
palpitating dance, and scrambled like crows
for the largesse flung by Achmet and his
guests. Now, the majordomo stepped for-
ward.

  “What is your pleasure, prince?” he
asked. “We have a juggler with a pig-tail

from Cathay or-”

  “Nay, we have had enough of the trick-
sters,” interrupted Achmet-ibn-Muros.
“Let us hear again the young story-teller
who told the taie of Sinbad and the Seven
Voyages.”

  “You mean El-Dimiryat of Damascus,
lord?”

  “If that be his name.”

  The majordomo clapped his hands, and
a young man clad in raiment of yellow and
green and carrying a tabor thrust himself
to the front of the bystanders. After him
appeared a dozen or more stout fellows,
similarly dressed, who made a profound
salaam to the prince.
A Son of Strife

117

  “I am he for whom you asked, lord,” said
the leader. “Command me, and I will obey.
Shall my comrades perform tricks of tum-
bling and strength? Shall they dance the
sword-dance? Would you have them ex-
hibit white-magic? Or shall they sing
medleys and glees?”

  “Not so,” returned the prince, stroking
his long white beard. “It is my will that
you relate us another such tale of mystery
and courage as charmed my guests last
evening.”

  “It shall be even as you order, mighty
prince,” replied the young man, as his fol-
lowers arranged themselves in a semicircle
behind him. “If it please you, I shall now
proceed to narrate for your diversion ‘The
Tale of Ali Baba the Woodcutter of Ispahan
and the Forty Thieves.’

  “In the Name of Allah, the Compas-
sionate, the Merciful. Praise to Him, the
Creator of Man, the Lord of Lords, the
Cause of Causes, the one true God! To
Him the glory and the merit! And so my
tale:

  “In a town in Persia, there lived two
brothers, one named Cassim, the other Ali
Baba. Their father left them scarcely any-
thing; but-”

  Utter silence possessed the court as the
golden voice exerted its spell. Prince and
emir, merchant and soldier, servant and
slave, men and women, all within range of
it succumbed to its charm. At intervals
the narrator burst into song, accompanying
himself on the tabor. Again, his back-
ground of assistants chanted a metrical pas-
sage, their sonorous tones throwing out in
high relief the rich, vibrant tenor which
mastered all of them.

  On drove the tale, with its fantastic ele-
ments of crime and adventure, love and
cunning, ambition and despair, which have
made it a world classic. At that time, even
in the country of its origin, it was not so
well known as it is today. Achmet-ibn-
Muros owned to excitement by the fre-
quency with which his lean, muscular fingers
combed the thick hair of his beard.

  Beside him, the tall, hook-nosed man,
whom the minstrels and entertainers knew
as the Emir El-Afdel, father of the bride
whose nuptials they were assisting to cele-
brate, stirred uneasily in his seat.

  When the lids of the jars were lifted, and
the thieves revealed inside, a chorus of tiny
shrieks came from the women’s windows

overhead, and the prince and his guests
laughed with grim amusement. Men of
blood and death, themselves, they delighted
in tales of blood and death and relished a
jest all the more because it was savored with
cruelty.

  “By the Prophet, ’tis a pleasing tale!”
exclaimed the prince, when the young man
salaamed in token of its finish. “How say
you?” he addressed the Emir El-Afdel.

  “The blood chills in my veins at the
ingenuity of the device,” returned El-Afdel.
“Why could not any enemy dispose of one
he hated by some such plan?”

  “True,” assented the prince. “Teller of
tales, you have won our favor. Tarry a
while in Emesa, and when at last you leave
us your purse shall be full of gold.”

  “You honor your servant beyond his de-
serts, great prince,” said the young man
humbly. “Is it permitted to offer further
entertainment?”

  “Nay, for the stars say that midnight
approaches. Tomorrow evening you shall
entertain us again. Now, we must hope
that the skill of your art may not affright us
with dreams of peril.”

  The young story-teller salaamed, but
made no audible answer. He and his com-
pany withdrew to one side of the courtyard,
and spread their pallets under the shade of
the colonnade. They were joined here by
one who came from the farther end of the
Court of Pomegranates, a quiet, shadow-
like figure, low-voiced, unassuming.

  “Ha, Kafur!” breathed the young leader.
“You are late! The graybeard hath fears
his sleep may be disturbed by dreams arising
from the crimes I recounted to him!”

  The quiet man smiled with deadly
mockery.

  “Aye, lord, he will be disturbed, dreaming
or waking. All is ready!”

  “The horses are in the grove beyond the
mosque?”

  “Aye, and the brethren are assigned to
their duties. Four have been placed in
charge of the slaying of the outer guards.”
“Whom slay we first?”

  The story-teller’s hand leaped instinctive-
ly to his waist-sash as he spoke. Kafur
considered momentarily.

  “It had best be El-Afdel,” he decided.
“The guest-rooms will not be so closely
guarded.”

  “I would it were the other,” objected the
story-teller. “I fear Achmet-”
n8	Adventure

   Kafur laid a reassuring hand on his wrist.
“Nay, lord, we cannot fail—thanks to
your achievements. Are we not lodging
here, in the heart of the palace, at the very
doors of our enemies? Who can stop us?
A brace or two of sleepy guards to be
strangled, and the ways will be open.”

   “I hope so,” said the other fiercely. “St.
Matthew, my namesake! When I think the
graybeard may call himself my grandfather,
I would open my veins and let out the blood
he hath tainted!”

  “Peace!” whispered Kafur. “We must
feign sleep.”

  They lay down in the midst of the group,
and presently all was still in the court. The
servants and slaves had dispersed to the
kitchens. Soldiers repaired to the guard-
rooms or their posts. The fountain in the
center of the court splashed lazily. The
night breeze stole through the pomegranates
with a drowsy swish. The palace dreamed.

  Hours passed, but not one of the men in
the group under the colonnade was asleep.
Fierce eyes gleamed beneath their mantles;
knives flashed ready in voluminous sleeves.
They lay in close-piled inertness like watch-
ing wolves. Suddenly Kafur emitted a gen-
tle hiss. They started to their feet as a lone
figure crept from a door behind the flight
of stairs leading up to the Hall of Joys. The
knife he held in one hand dripped redly on
the paving.

  “ ’Tis done!” he breathed as he reached
them. “Follow, brothers!”

  Kafur and the story-tellers sped behind
him on noiseless feet; the rest trailed them
close. They entered the door and stumbled
over a sentry, stabbed and prone. The body
was shoved to one side, and a member of
the band donned helmet and surcoat and
took the vacant post. Where the corridor
turned a second sentry lay, and his mur-
derer crouched beside him.

  “El-Afdel’s door is just beyond,” whis-
pered the Assassin.

  The hangings swayed in the draft as the
invaders reached the doorway. Three en-
tered; the rest clustered in readiness to
meet whatever emergency might arise.

   “There he lies!” muttered the'first of the
three, pointing to a divan in the middle of
the chamber. El-Afdel was sprawled across
it, arms spread wide, his beaked face up-
turned.

  “Shall I slay him?” asked Kafur.

  “Nay,” objected the story-teller, with a

cruel smile. “Ali, do you take heed that
he cannot scream out. Then we will awaken
him. He must know how he passes.”
“There is no time to spare!” urged Kafur.
“There is always time for vengeance,”
rejoined the story-teller.

  They surrounded the divan. Ali placed
his dagger to the sleeper’s throat and
pinched his ear. El-Afdel opened his eyes—
and would have sat up, but the naked steel
pressed him down. He stared at the faces
bent over him, and his eyes strained in their
sockets. His face twitched with fear. A
rattling noise came from his throat.

  “Do you know me?” demanded the story-
teller.

  “Yes,” panted El-Afdel. “You afe the
story-teller El-Dimiryat.”

  “No,” snarled the story-teller, “that is
not really who I am. I am one whose
mother you said you loved—yet you slew
her, and my father, too.”

  “The spawn of the Frank! And her!”
“Aye! Do you remember how you
stormed Nerak? Do you remember how
my father fought you in the hall? And how
you feared to meet him alone? And how
you hacked off his head—and hers?”

  The questions fell like sword-blows, and
under their impact the keen face of the man
on the divan settled into rigid lines of com-
posure.

  “I remember.”

  His lips barely framed the words.

  “Good! Remember, now—your last
thought in life—that the son of Gui de
Nerak and Horazahde brought you to

death!”

  El-Afdel’s face twisted into a grin of
derision. He filled his chest, and his mouth
opened to roar a bellow that ended abruptly
in a bubbling grunt. Ali wiped his knife
on the divan.

  “There was nought else for it, Messer
Matteo,” he said. “He would have called
the alarm. He knew you would kill him,
and desired the satisfaction of making sure
your death in return.”

  Matteo looked down at the shambles of
the divan with unwilling awe.

  “Is he really dead?” he asked.

  “No doubt of it,” broke in Kafur.
“Come, we have another deed to do, of
more import than this.”

  “But first,” said Matteo, “do you take
off his head, Ali. We will put it with
Achmet’s on the gates of the palace, even
A Son of Strife

119

as they hung two poor skulls before the
ruins of Nerak.”

  Ali accomplished his task with neat dis-
patch, and holding his bloody prize by the
hair, followed the leaders back into the
corridor. The other Assassins were already
slinking through the passage in the direction
whence they had come. They emerged
again into the court, passed under the
shallow ramp of the stairs, and entered a
second door which led to the prince’s rooms.

  Here, too, the knives of the slayers had
been busy. Two guards lay dead in the
.'hadows and members of the band had
taken their places.

  “Have we far to go?” asked Matteo of
Kafur. “Do you know exactly where he
lies?”

  “Aye, lord. My time hath not been
wasted the while you have been charming
him into blindness. He lies in the same
chamber with his beloved grandson. He
cannot let the lad out of his sight, and with
the marriage to be consummated tomorrow
—or so they think—” a ghastly chuckle
evidenced Kafur’s sense of humor—“he
hath kept him by his side for the night.”
“Ha, by Saint Matthew, that is a fair
act of grace!” exclaimed the story-teller.
“ ’Twill be so much simpler.”

  “And the bride?” spoke up Ali. “Where
is she?”

  “In the women’s quarters,” answered
Kafur.

  “Are they to be sacred to us?” demanded
Ali.

 “Nay, but--”

  “Let be,” ordered Matteo impatiently.
“Is not the blood of the men of our enemies
enough for you, old wolf?”

  “Did they not slay your mother, the lady
Horazahde?” countered Ali stubbornly.

  “Mayhap, but we are not Saracens, Ali.
Nav, I will not argue the case. I do not
slav sleeping women, even though I may
never wear knightly spurs.”

  Kafur listened to this debate with cynical
indifference.

  “Have it your own way, Messer Matteo,”
he said. “ ’Twould be impossible to kill
the girl without having an uproar. Women
will'never listen to reason, and they fear
death too hardly to be quiet. Yet if you

say so, we-”

  “I have said what I have said,” declared
Matteo hastily. “We will slay no women.”
Kafur shrugged his shoulders.

  “Very well, then. We will finish our task.
Arc you ready?”

  The band gathered at his heels, with
knives bared, and he guided them along
the deserted corridor, whose open doorways
gave back no echoing hails to the muffled
footfalls.

  "Is it safe?” breathed Matteo. “Should

we pass bv here without securing-”

  “Oh, the}- are all dead, lord,” Kafur
reassured him. “My people saw to that at
once. We could not leave any alive on
this corridor. ’Tis not like the guest-rooms
opposite where each man hath no concern
for his neighbor’s affairs.”

  Matteo shuddered. He hungered for re-
venge, but this bland, wholesale slaughter in
the dark, this stabbing of sleeping men who
died without realizing how death had smote
them, was more than he could stomach.

  A wide archway rose before them. In
the obscure light that fell from a hanging
lamp Matteo discerned two huddled shapes
upon the floor, with waist-cloths knotted
around their throats. Beside them stood
two of the Assassins.

  “You have heard naught?” questioned
Kafur as the invaders approached.

  “There has not been the scurry of a
mouse,” answered one of the guardians of
the portal.

  “A truce to caution!” snarled Matteo,
tearing the hangings aside. “We have our
prey. Why hesitate?”

  The pack swarmed after him, knives
clutched in their right hands, waist-cloths
or unrolled turbans hung on their left arms,
ready for strangling or tripping an opponent.

  The chamber they entered was a large
one. A shaded lamp cast subdued light,
and the starshine flooded the windows.
Here, as in El-Afdel’s chamber, a broad
divan occupied the center. But on it lay
two figures, instead of one. Matteo sped
across the intervening space, and stared
down at the white-bearded head of the man
who was his grandfather. To the other
sleeper he gave no heed. He thought only
of Achmet-ibn-Muros, and the fever of hate
burned fiercer in his heart.

  He lifted his knife to strike, and the
prince of Emesa awoke with a startled
grunt. Ali was swift to compel silence, his
knife-blade falling lightly on the scraggly
throat. There was no sign of ieajr in the
old warrior’s face. His luminous eyes
flashed with a hint of defiance.
120

Adventure

 “So this is your real trade, El-Dimiryat!”
 he said.

 “I am not El-Dimiryat,” returned
 Matteo.

 “Tool of Sinan, then.”

 “Nor am I the tool of Sinan, although I
 am his ally. I slay you for my own satisfac-
 tion.”

 Achmet-ibn-Muros furrowed his wrinkled
 brows in thought.

 “I do not recall your face,” he answered.
 “How have I wronged you?”

 Matteo leaned closer.

 “You wronged me, grandfather, when
 you murdered my father and mv mother.”
 The haughty, deep-lined face twinged mo-
 mentarily.

 “So they had a son!” murmured the
 prince, and involuntarily he glanced at the
 sleeping youth beside him, whose slumbers
 had not been disturbed by the pattering
 feet of the Assassins or the low-toned
 dialog.

 “They had a son to avenge them,” con-
 firmed Matteo.

 The luminous eyes blazed with a light of
 appraisal.

 “A son of proper spirit!” approved
 Achmet-ibn-Muros. “You have the blood
 of your race.”

 “I would I might cleanse it from my
 veins!” retorted Matteo.

 “Let me have that knife, grandson, and I
 will do it for you,” suggested the old man
 with a bitter smile.

 “Nay, you shall see a grandson die,”
 promised Matteo.

 He snatched the covers from the sleeping
 form next-the prince.

 “You would not harm him!” exclaimed
 Achmet-ibn-Muros, straining against the
 knife that pressed upon his neck.

 “You shall see him die, before your own
 head comes off,” exulted Matteo savagely.

 “Nay! In Allah’s name, spare him! He
 is the last of my seed! Spare him, whoever
 you are! See, I will suffer instead!”

 “You will suffer as well! 1 will wipe you
 out, root and branch!”

 Matteo grasped the shoulder of Feizul-
 ibn-Khalid and roughly turned him over
 on his back, face upward. The youth’s
 eyes blinked open, and he sat up with a
 yawn.

“What—who-”

 But his amazement was not greater than
 Matteo’s. For the face before Matteo was

 the face of Horazahde, the face of his
 mother.

  “Dear Lord!” gasped Matteo. “What is
this?”

  He covered his own eyes, and sank down
 upon the couch. How could he slay this
 boy, younger than himself, this boy, who,
 whatever his name, had the face of his
 mother, the great, dark eyes, the contours,
 the delicate eyebrows and ears?

  “I can not! I can not!” he groaned aloud.

CHAPTER XVIII

Till': GIFT OF FEIZUL-IBN-KHALID

“fJE IS no more than a girl-faced boy!”
      grunted Ali in disgust.

  “Have you looked closely at him?” re-
turned Matteo, uncovering his own eyes.

  “Nay, but—Ha, ’tis—Oh, Holy Mary!
Oh, Blessed Lord!”

  Ali staggered back as though he, too,
had seen a ghost.

  “If I was not sure, I would think she—”
 he muttered brokenly. “Nay, but El-Afdel
 smote off her head!”

  “You babble like a child, old wolf,” said
 Matteo scornfully. “ ’Tis the bridegroom,
 but his blood is my blood, the blood of her
 who-”

  The young Feizul, who had stared from
one to the other of them in bewilderment,
appealed for enlightenment.

  “Who are these people, grandfather?
How came they here?”

  “The youth is your cousin. I know not
his name.”

  “I am Matteo d’Antioch,” interposed
Matteo.

  “I wronged him once,” continued Achmet-
 ibn-Muros placidly. “His followers are
 Assassins. They are considering our
 deaths.”

  Feizul stretched himself out again on the
 divan.

  “So it be with you, grandfather, I care
 not,” he said. “Strike when you will,cousin.
 Allah sends death in the right hour, and if
 it comes now, why should we mourn?”

  Despite himself, Matteo was compelled
to admit a reluctant admiration for the
boy’s spirit, but he turned upon Achmet-
ibn-Muros with redoubled ferocity.

  “You have lived a long life,” he rasped.
 “Do you know how close you are to death?”

  “Aye, grandson,” replied the prince with
A Son of Strife

121

some amusement. “I have lived long
enough to know death passing well—and,
too, the hearts of men.”

  “ ’Tis no matter for levity! A moment
since I hungered to bathe my hands in your
blood. Now—I know not! This lad’s face
hath unnerved me.”

“He is like her,” admitted the prince.
“That is one reason why I have loved him.”
“Yet you did not love her enough to—-—”
“I loved her enough to slay her for her
own sake,” retorted Achmet with a hint of
fierceness.

“Nay, how could you?” protested Matteo.
“She had left her people. She had scorned
me, her father. She had put to shame her

intended husband. She had-”

  “She had done no more than consult her
own happiness. But ’tis of no avail to dis-
cuss that now. You murdered her. You
murdered my father. Your accomplice
hath paid his debt—where is El-Afdel’s
head, Ali? Ha, see you this? ’Tis in my
power to garner yours to place beside it.”

  “I doubt it not, grandson,” returned the
old man composedly. “I see plainly you
are a warrior of prowess. I have never been
bearded before in my own palace. But you
are also a Frank and a Christian, and I
think it begins to irk you to slay men in
their beds.”

  “Why should it?” snapped Matteo. “Did

you feel restraint when you-”

  I'eizul reared himself upon one elbow
impatiently.

  ‘‘Slay if you would, cousin,” he said.
“There is over-much of talk.”

  A red mist swirled in front of Matteo’s
eyes. He leaped forward, dagger raised to
strike— But the face of Horazahde shone
white and clear against the sanguine back-
ground. His hand fell nerveless to his side.

  “I can not! I can not!” he groaned.

•	Then, desperately, he recovered self-
control.

  “Look you, you who call me grandson,”
he said. “And you, too, beardless one. I
am come tonight on my own mission of
vengeance. That I dismiss for that I am
too weak for the task or else a higher will
than mine doth constrict my hate. But in
some sort I am obligated to Sinan. What-
ever may be my personal feelings, I cannot
wholly set aside his aims. In any case, I
must render myself to him for judgment if
I permit you to escape.”

  “Not so, grandson,” interrupted Achmet-

ibn-Muros eagerly. “Stay here at Emesa
with me. I have wronged you, ’tis true.
That is an old story, and all that may be
said about it will not make it right. Yet
stay with me, and I will do all I may to re-
pay the debt I owe—a double debt, I know.”
Matteo shook his head.

 “It cannot be. You are a Saracen; I am
 a Christian. You are too late, grandfather.
 The harm is done. You should have remem-
 bered in time.”

 “I will do what I can to right the wrong,”
 the prince replied with simply dignity.

 “Mayhap, but ’tis more than you or any
 other man can do. Now, heed me. Will
 you take pledge by Allah and all you hold
 dear to give over persecution of Sinan’s
 people and property and to render him aid
 at need?”

 “I will do so.”

 Matteo turned.

 “Kafur!”

 The chief of the Assassins stepped to his
 side.

 “Give heed to the oath the prince takes.”
 “By Allah and the Prophet’s beard and
 my own honor, I swear to keep peace with
 Sinan and to aid him at need!”

 “You hear?” asked Matteo.

 Kafur bowed.

 “Is that all?” he replied. “Is the prince

 to live?”

 “There is to be no more slaying. I will
 not be questioned. ’Tis I who will be
 responsible for this before Sinan.”

 Kafur bowed again.

 “That may be, Messer Matteo. But
 there is a certain form to be followed.”

 He clapped his hands softly, and the dour
 crew of Assassins gathered around him.
 “Brothers,” he said, “you had an order?”
 “We had,” they answered as one.

 “Was it not to return until you had
 slain?”

 “It was.”

 “There is to be no slaying, brothers. But
 you are to remember the order.”

 Matteo stepped forward.

 “I will be responsible for these men,” he
 said hastily.

 “Nay, lord,” objected Kafur. “You may
 not come between them and an order.”

 He turned to his followers.

 “Kneel, brothers.”

 They knelt before him with knives drawn.
 “The way is open, brothers,” he said
 gently.
122

Adventure

  The knives flashed in unison. The points
plunged into every breast. They fell for-
ward in a single line.

  The eyes of Achmet-ibn-Muros kindled
with appreciation.

  “Allah give me such men!” he cried.
“Such men will win entry here a second
time at need,” warned Matteo, repressing
a shudder of horror at the ruthlessness of
the deed. “And now, Kafur, why do you
not sjay yourself? You have forced these
men to die.”

  “The time is not yet,” returned Kafur
composedly. “I must make report to
Sinan. If he pleases, doubt not I shall
die.”

  “The man is right,” spoke up the prince.
“A captain should always make his report.”
“He will,” agreed Matteo grimly. “And
he and 1 are like to pay dearly for it. But
it grows toward dawn, and we must depart.
I might bind you, but I leave it to your
honor to raise no hue and cry.”

  Ali withdrew the knife he had been hold-
ing conveniently close to the old man’s
throat, and Achmet-ibn-Muros rose with
the spring of youth.

  “Go with Allah’s favor, if you will not
stay!” he said. “Yet you shall be always
in my thoughts, grandson. I have learned
much this night, as perchance, have you.
That blood you condemned so bitterly
playeth strange tricks with a man’s heart,
and hatred runs easily into love.”

  “It may be,” answered Matteo wearily,
“but between us stretches a sea of that
same blood you spilled.”

  “Not between you and me, cousin,” said
Feizul-ibn-Khalid, extending his hand.
“You are a great warrior, and I am only a
boy. But I am guiltless of what hath
passed. Will you accept my gratitude?”
“You do not share the blame, any more
than should I,” acknowledged Matteo.
“Farewell, cousin.”

  The strange pair, the old, white-bearded
man and the smooth-faced youth, stood by
the divan and the long row of dead Assassins
and watched the three survivors depart.
Matteo looked back once from the doorway.
There was a mute appeal in the eyes of
Achmet-ibn-Muros, but he steeled his heart
and passed out into the passage that the
slayers had swept clean of life.

  In the Court of Pomegranates Matteo
missed Kafur. The Assassin did not re-
appear until they were half-way to the grove

behind the mosque in which the horses were
tethered.

  “Where have you been?” asked Matteo
sternly.

  “There were a few others of my people,”
answered Kafur. “They had business to
transact—concerning a certain order.”
“Perchance even Sinan’s thirst for blood
may be appeased,” commented Matteo sar-
castically, as he mounted his horse. “Well,
Ali?”

  The old Turcople extended the gory head
of El-Afdel.

  “What of this, lord?”

  To Ali Ma’akwaa Messer Matteo d’An-
tioch was not merely the famous jongleur,
but the son of Messer Gui, the Lord of
Nerak, and himself, by rights, a lord.

  “Fasten it to your saddle,” ordered his
master. “ ’Twill be a bribe to Sinan to
permit Kafur to live another month.”

  “A month or a year, what matters it?”
returned Kafur phlegmatically.

  “And at the end of all things is Paradise!”
derided Matteo.

  “At the end is Paradise,” repeated Kafur
tranquilly. “Dawn approaches, lord, and
we should ride.”

They turned their horses toward the far-
off line of the Lebanon hills, behind which lay
Massiaf; but they had not ridden far when
Ali lifted his hand in a gesture for silence.
“Hark!” he exclaimed.

  They listened, and faintly borne to them
on the night-wind came the thud of hoofs
on the earthen track.

  “We are pursued,” said Matteo. “I did
wrong, after all, to spare them.”

  Kafur shook his head.

  “As to doing wrong, I have naught to say,
Messer Matteo, but there is only one horse
behind us.”

  “Why, that is so,” agreed Ali, “but he
rides exceeding fast.”

  Matteo frowned.

  “I desire no more traffic with Emesa.
Spur on, comrades.”

  They increased their pace, but the rider
who followed them gained without effort.
The sun was just flooding the eastern sky
with a belt^ of gold when he appeared on the
near horizon, galloping swiftly, his white
surcoat blown out behind him like a pair
of gigantic wings.

  “Let be,” decided Matteo abruptly. “It
ill suits our dignity to seem to flee one man.
We will await him.”
A Son of Strife

123

  They halted by the track, and the lone
rider galloped toward them, his horse main-
taining tremendous speed without visible
effort. The beast was bay in color, with
white hoofs, and uncommonly large for the
Arabian blood that showed in delicately
modelled limbs and satin skin. The rider
drew up abreast of Matteo, and threw back
the hood of his surcoat or burnous.

  He was Feizul-ibn-Khalid.

  “A fair greeting, cousin,” he said.

  “What means this?” demanded Matteo.

  “Naught, save that it ill becomes a son
of princes to permit a benefactor to go un-
rewarded,” answered Feizu simply.

  “You would wipe off the debt of your
life?” asked Matteo, amused.

  “Nay, that I can not, but I would show
appreciation, cousin.”

  “As how?”

  Feizul swung down from his saddle, and
led his horse to Matteo.

  “This is El-Manzur, The Victorious,” he
said. “His sire was a Moorish barb from
El-Andelus; his dam was the queen of the
stables of Emesa. He hath never been
beaten. He is fleet as the wind—as you
have seen. He is tireless as a desert stallion.
He is gentle to his master, terrible to his
master’s foes. I prize him beyond anything
in my gift. Therefore I give him to you.”

  Matteo was touched.

  “A royal gift,” he approved. “None the
less, cousin, ’tis not fitting that I accept.
I spared you for a reason beyond my con-
trol. Although I am neither Frank nor
Saracen, I ride with the Frankish hosts.
I am your enemy.”

  “You are my kin,” replied Feizul, and he
pushed the bridle of El-Manzur into Mat-
teo’s hand. “I am resolved. I will not be
refused.”

  He started to walk away over the earthen
track toward the far-off minarets of Emesa,
silhouetted against the sun-stained sky.

  “But hold,” cried Matteo, following him
and leading El-Manzur. “I cannot let you
go so.”

  El-Manzur whinnied low as though to add
his own protest.

   “I can walk as well as any,” replied Feizul.
“All I ask is that you will be kin to him.”

  Matteo pressed to his side.

  “At the least,” he said, “you must take
my horse in exchange. ’Tis no fitting return
for El-Manzur, but-”

  “He will recall you to me whenever I

ride him,” exclaimed Feizul. “Aye, cousin,
we will do so. But first I will make you
known to El-Manzur.”

  He placed his hand on the bay stallion’s
flank.

  “Ho, Splendid One,” he said. “Take
heed to your new master.”

  The bay pawed with his hoofs and shook
his head and silky mane.

  “He hath never felt the whip or spur,”
continued Feizul.

  “He never shall.”

  “You make my heart glad. He comes at
call or whistle. If you would have him
increase his gait, bend to his ear and whisper
your message, and no matter how fast he
runs, he hath always some reserve of speed
if you will but give him two secret words—
awaa lukos. Can you remember?”

  Matteo repeated them.

  “Now, dismount, cousin.”

  Matteo obeyed, and handed to Feizul the
bridle of the horse he had been riding.

  “Hither, El-Manzur!” summoned Feizul,
and the bay nudged between the two of
them, nuzzling first one and then the other.
“This is your master, the lord of your life,
the provider of your food, your comrade in
battle.”

  The bay’s eyes peered into Matteo’s with
an almost human candor. He lifted his off-
forehoof and extended it daintily. Matteo
laughing, yet impressed, took it in his hand.
The bay whinnied, and brushed his cheek
with a velvety nose.

  “He trusts you,” said Feizul. “I think
you will be kind to him, cousin. He is
worthy of a warrior who is neither Frank
nor Saracen, but greater than the greatest
of either race.”

  “For the gift I thank you,” answered
Matteo. “As for the praise, I do not merit
it, but let it pass.”

  “ ’Tis honestly meant,” rejoined the boy,
leaping into the saddle of Matteo’s mount.
“Give thought some time to one who wishes
you well.”

  “That will I, cousin, and remember your
kinsman without a name.”

  “Nay,” urged Feizul, “your name is all
the better for being selfearned. But I think
we shall meet again. Allah guard you!”

  He patted the horse’s neck, and galloped
down the road in a cloud of dust. El-
Manzur sent after him one whinny of fare-
well, then cuddled his nose on Matteo’s
shoulder.
124

Adventure

  “Certes,” muttered Matteo to himself,
“if I failed of my mission none the less have
I won a prize. May the Virgin aid me to
live to joy in it.”

  He was not happy as he thought of the
interview he must have with Sinan.

CHAPTER XIX

HOW MATTEO COMPOUNDED WITH SINAN

THE terrace atop of Massiaf was de-
serted, save for the spidery figure of
the Lord of Death. Sinan listened without
comment to Matteo’s account of the jour-
ney to Emesa. Shown the head of El-Afdel,
he eyed it with casual curiosity and bade
Ali toss it into the gulf. He dismissed
Kafur with a curt nod, which the Assassin
accepted with his usual absence of ex-
pression. Then Sinan focused his attention
upon Matteo.

  “Some men, including Frankish lords,
might think you had bungled your task,”
he shrilled in his high, whining voice.
“What have you to say?”

  “Little enough,” retorted Matteo. “There
is no more than I have said. I could have
slain Achmet-ibn-Muros, and I did not. My
life is forfeit to you for those of your men,
though there was no need for them to have
died.”

  “No need? No need?” gibbered Sinan.
“There was an order given. When I give
an order—to a believer—it is obeyed.
There is but one excuse—death.”

  “This time one who is not a believer
failed,” returned Matteo. “And he is not
afraid of death.”

  “Doth he crave it?” asked Sinan, his
head perked birdlike on one shoulder.

  “Nay, I am young. I have left much of
life unsampled.”

  Sinan cackled with glee.

  “What a fool you are. You have for-
feited your life, and you come here to me,
the Lord of Death! Why did you not forget
all about me, and go away?”

  “Because my honor would not permit me
to escape what I was responsible for. I
promised you Achmet’s death.”

  “Hee, hee, hee,” giggled Sinan. “May-
hap, too, you knew that my arm is long.
Heh! You did the wiser thing—after hav-
ing first played the fool. Oh, I don’t say
there was no reason for sparing Achmet!
I think he will keep his oath, and a live ally

is better than a dead enemy. But having
set your mind to a deed, you should have
done it. Messer Matteo, I fear you are
a fool!”

  “ ’Tis more than likely,” assented Matteo
bitterly.

  “But honest, it seems,” amended Sinan.
“That, in itself, is a consequence of being
a fool. Still, an honest man is useful. Yes,
very useful. I have in mind, even now,
a use I might have for you which would
cancel the debt you owe me.”

  “No more slaying,” replied Matteo. “I
will not buy my release by such means.”
Sinan giggled hilariously.

  “Slaying? Who would think of slaying?
Why should I wish to slay? Nay, you
wrong me or have listened to idle tales!
This is a mattter touching upon your re-
ligion.”

  “As how?”

  “My conversion.”

  And Sinan wobbled upon his throne with
the excess of his mirth at the amazement
in Matteo’s face.

  “Your conversion? What mean you?”
“Nothing less than I have said. Two
small words, Messer Matteo, but there is
a weight of thought in them. See you—”
Sinan’s manner became confidential—
“these Templars pester me to distraction.
There is no way I can come at them, and they
thrive upon their immunity, taking joy in
irking me in everypossible manner. But how
if I become a Christian? And go about the
conversion of my people? How then?
What could they do?”

  “They would be helpless,” admitted
Matteo, himself baffled by this whimsical
idea.

  “Aye, so I am sending you to Jerusalem
to tell King Amalric that I am ripe for the
Gospel, and would have him supply me
priests and conclude a treaty of alliance.”
“Send your own people,” suggested
Matteo.

  “I did so once, but the Templars caught
and slew them, notwithstanding they were
under the king’s safe-conduct.”

  “That is true,” agreed Matteo. “I recall
it. But, mark you, lord, if you accept
Christianity you will have to abandon your
way of rule. How could you delude your
followers with the Garden of Delight if they
were Christians?”

  Sinan shrieked with pleasure.
  “Christians? Yes, in so far as I make
A Son of Strife

125

them. And whatever they might be, they
would always believe in the Garden of
Delight. There are few men can resist that.
I own I was worried when you beat me, but
to make sure, I sent out some days since
and caught a fat friar on the coasl-road, and
now he is one of the most valiant of my
slayers, ready to die in a moment for the
privilege of returning to the garden.”

  “But do you think the king and the
priests would tolerate your slayers?”

  “Tolerate— Are you a fool beyond mea-
sure? Why should they not tolerate a sure
weapon against their enemies? There is
a Kurdish prince hath won much repute in
the land of Babylon,* one Salah-ed-din.
Men say he will yet rule all Islam. What
think you your king would say to the death
of Salah-ed-din? But such matters are not
for debate. Take my case to Amalric.”
“Nay, lord, how can I?” objected Mat-
teo. “With the best will in the world to
obey you, yet I am attached to the service
of Prince Bohemond. It is scarce likely he
will permit me to leave him so soon again.”
Sinan pondered on his throne, a twisted,
hump-backed bundle of skin and bones and
heavy robes. His lambent eyes flickered
over Matteo thoughtfully.

  “There is reason in what you say,” he
said at last. “But fear not. Bohemond will
agree to your departure.”

  “How know you that, lord?”

  Sinan cackled derisively.

  “I know. And another thing, Messer
Matteo. You are through with Antioch.”
“Through—I do not understand you.”
“Aye, through with Antioch. Would you
remain always the favorite jongleur of a
prince? May your gods have pity on you!
That is a poor ambition.”

  “I am as ambitious as other men,” ad-
mitted Matteo.

  “As how?”

•	The terrible old man shot the words at
him accompanied by a lowering glance of
his blazing eyes.

  “I would sing songs and fight and win

a greater name-”

  “And vengeance? Have you fulfilled
your hatred? ’Tis in my mind there is
another you have marked down for enmity.
One you have slain, one you have par-
doned—or so I gather. One remains un-
met.”

  “De Chappes and his son,” said Matteo.

   * Egypt.

  “Aye, de Chappes. And he hath a son,
you say? Humph! ’Tis better. There are
ways to make two suffer where one can only
die. Have you thought of that?”

  “Aye, lord.”

  “Then bethink you, too, that you, in
Antioch, can scarce find means to come at
de Chappes in Jerusalem or Nerak. Heh?”
“ ’Tis true.”

  “Therefore I say to you go forth from
Antioch. Jerusalem awaits you. Did not
the king and the young Prince Baldwin
applaud you when they lately visited
Bohemond? Aye, my spies overlook noth-
ing. I said I know all, and I do know all.
In Jerusalem Amalric will welcome you,
and soon Prince Baldwin will have more
power than now he doth. In that time,
I think, you will not be among the lowest
who ring the throne.”

 “What mean those words?” gasped
Matteo.

  “Hee, hee, hee,” chuckled Sinan. “I
know all, I said. And sometimes, it chances,
I know what will befall.”

  A cool breeze blew across the terrace, but
Matteo was conscious of the beads of sweat
that formed on his forehead. It was not
easy to match wits with Sinan. He mus-
tered courage for defiance.

  “Look you, lord,” he began, and by
effort he kept his voice level. “It seems

that you design to make use of me-”

  “And shall, as in the past, pay liberally,”
interrupted Sinan.

  “That may be, but I would have you
know I do not respect you or hunger for
your regard or praise.”

  “In short,” commented Sinan appreci-
atively, “you do not like me.”

  “I do not like you. Why, then, should
you seek to aid me?”

  “Because, good youth,” came the cold
answer, “you can be useful to me. Dead
you are good for nothing. Living, by the
operations of fate, you are potentially help-
ful to the plots I work upon. Deal fairly
with me, and I will deal fairly with you.
’Tis all I ask.”

  Matteo shrugged his shoulders.

  “I can say no more,” he returned. “You
can not charge me with deception. Now,
what is this message I am to carry to the
king? Remember, lord, I shall speak out
my mind to him and say what I please if
he asks my advice.”

  “Ho, ho, ho! Tee, hee, hee!” cackled
126

Adventure

Sinan. “Big words! Tell the king what
you choose, but fail not to give him the
message in writing I shall cause to be de-
livered into your hands.”

  “And then I shall be quit of your ser-
vice,” rejoined Matteo. “It hath been to
the advantage of neither of us.”

  Sinan burst out again into obscene mirth.
“Advantage!” he mouthed. “Be not too
sure! There may be advantage, and there
may not. Let the years prove it. You have
your ring. I know you are honest—and
a fool. Tee, hee, hee!”

  He clapped his hands, and as before, the
black mutes came trotting from the gate-
way with his litter.

  “The Garden of Delight is always open
to you, Messer Matteo,” he quavered as he
shambled into his seat. “Heh! Scorn it
not! Tee, hee, hee!”

  “I could slay him before they might
reach me,” whispered Ali eagerly to his
master.

  “And we should be cast into the gulf to
join the other carrion at its bottom. No,
he is a friend, if evil, and we shall need
friends, if we fare to Jerusalem.”

  “Why, that is true, lord,” assented Ali,
who had been silent over-long for him.
“Welladay, I shall be nothing loath to con-
tinue adventuring. Who knows what
prizes may come our way? Jerusalem is
a rich city, and many foreign men-at-arms
and pilgrims to be plucked in the wine-
shops, and a bicker every week or so on the
marches with emirs to be unhorsed and
ransomed. Aye, for all the ugly look of
him, the Old One read us an apt lesson.”
Matteo made no answer. He was sud-
denly conscious that his thoughts of Jeru-
salem were concerned with one person—
and that one neither king nor enemy.
A fair face beneath a coronet of red-gold
hair. In one moment the lissom figure was
hidden in a yellow gown. In the next it
stood revealed in boyish leathern breeches.
It required an effort of will for him to bring
up the scowling features of Renier de
Chappes and his son, and he must flog his
hatred against them.

  Kafur reigned in his horse at the fork
where the road from the Orontes valley
joined the great coast road from Jebleh to
Antioch.

  “So far only do I ride with you, Messer
Matteo,” he said. “But before I go I must
place this packet in your charge. The Old

One bade me say ’twas the message he dis-
cussed with you.”

  Matteo accepted the bundle of parch-
ment wrapped in silk and sealed with black
wax and the sign of the fist and triple-
bladed dagger.

  “And you?” he asked. “Are you suffered
to live on?”

  Kafur smiled mysteriously.

  “When my time comes, I shall go; but
why look forward to death?”

  “You are a puissant man-at-arms,” spoke
up Ali roughly. “My master would give
you service, if you wished it.”

  “That would I,” absented Matteo.

  “The faithful dog serves one master,”
returned Kafur. “Nay, my allegiance is
pledged. But I am your friend, Messer
Matteo, and prithee, bear me in your
mind.”

  “I will, Kafur, and so, farewell.”
El-Manzur was chafing at the bit, and
Kafur turned off the road to give the bay
room.

  “Nay, not farewell, lord,” admonished
the Assassin. “It may be we shall meet
again.”

  “I trow not,” retorted Matteo. “I have
made an end of traffic with your Old One.”
Kafur’s answer was a smile. He spurred
his horse into a faint track which led across
country and soon disappeared in a copse
beside the river.

  Two hours later Matteo and Ali entered
the river gate of Antioch. Prince Bohe-
mond, himself, was dismounting in the
palace courtyard when they rode in, and he
and John the Englishman gave them a
hearty welcome.

  “The tilting was vile this afternoon,”
growled the prince. “St. Remi aid me, but
I craved diversion. Come you to my cham-
ber, Matteo. There is a fresh barrel of
Cyprian, and you shall tell us of your ad-
ventures. You, too, John.”

  So Matteo told in detail of his ride to
Massiaf, and his sojourn in that strange
place, and how he and the Assassins had
journeyed to Emesa and what transpired
there, and how his cousin Feizul had given
him the horse El-Manzur, and finally of
his return to Massiaf and the bargain he
had compounded with Sinan.

  The prince quaffed bumper after bumper
of the heady Cyprian, without any effect
upon his head, as was his wont, and listened,
enraptured, until Matteo mentioned the
A Son of Strife

127

promise he had given to carry the Old
Man’s message to King Amalric.

  “What?” he broke in. “Release you to
Amalric! Your Old One may be a slayer of
princes, but there are some things'he can not
force me to whilst I am in life. Nay, nay,
Matteo, the message we will forward by
a sure hand. But you I can not spare. I
have been sufficiently ill at ease the while
you have been absent on this venture.”
Matteo would have answered, but John
the Englishman, sitting just behind the
prince, made a signal to him to desist.

  “That is a matter we need not fret about
for the nonce, dear lord,” said John. “What
we have to be thankful for is that Matteo
hath returned unscathed from so perilous
an errantry.”

  Afterward that night John came to
Matteo’s chamber.

  “You must humor Bohemond,” he said.
“But are you, in sooth, anxious to visit
Jerusalem?”

  “Aye, lord.”

  “I feared as much. Well, there are
weighty obstacles in your path. But take
heart. Time and patience will alter opposi-
tion—and I think that when you go I will
go with you.”

  Matteo’s face lighted with pleasure.

  “I might not ask for more than that,
Messer John. And touching the obstacles,
I have much confidence in the ingenuity of
Sinan. ’Tis a shrewd scoundrel and a
cunning.”

  A week passed, and Matteo did not again
refer to his mission to Jerusalem. He re-
sumed once more the routine of his court
life, jousted with the young knights and
squires, sang and recited for the prince and
his nobles. Then one morning came a
change. De Pugne, as usual brought the
news.

  “An embassy from the Constable of
Armenia,” he announced, bursting in upon
Matteo without ceremony. “And he hath
fetched hither the most beauteous troupe
of dancing girls this side of Paynimry.”
Matteo, who had seen the beauties of
Sinan’s Garden of Delight, was interested
to inspect the new arrivals. As he walked
with Francois through the palace they
heard the strains of music from the Hall of
Audience. From the door beside the dais
they viewed an amazing spectacle.

  Bohemond leaned forward in his chair,
chin on hand, gaze fastened upon the dozen

dancers who swirled in muslin draperies
before him to the accompaniment of Persian
musicians. His lords and knights were
somewhat uncomfortable spectators with
him. Several priests were scuttling from the
hall with shocked expressions on their faces.

  “Is this Babylon or a Christian city?”
muttered de Pugne.

  “Nay, I know not,” answered Matteo,
then caught the eye of John the Englishman,
who motioned him toward the dais.

  “Now is your time,” murmured John in
his ear. “Ask him again.”

  Matteo took Sinan’s message, with its
black seal, from his wallet, and stepped up
to the prince’s side.

“Here is a matter presses for decision,
lord,” he said. “King Amalric waits for it. ”
Bohemond waved him impatiently away.
“Do it if you must, Messer Matteo. You
are over-anxious to leave us, ’twould seem.
But we shall be amused.”

  As Matteo descended from the dais one
of the Armenian suite, a tall man in a high
felt hat, slipped by him.

  “You see, Sinan hath found a way,” were
the words he whispered in Matteo’s ear.

  Matteo started. The figure was vaguely
familiar. Could it be Kafur? But the man
had disappeared in the crowd before he
could identify him.

  “What hath irked you?” asked de Pugne,
who had stuck by Matteo. “Did not the
prince say ‘ves’ to you? That was a clever
thought of Messer John’s. Look you, Mat-
teo, I am for going with you. I have had
enough of Bohemond’s madness. I am
master of my own sword, and I will even
try Amalric’s service for a spaqe. Men say
he is stingy, but forward in joust or open
field. Will you have me, comrade?”

  “Right gladly,” responded Matteo. “You
speak in a good hour. But here is Messer
John. You seem joyous, fair lord.”

  John the Englishman made a gesture of
disgust.

  “I have this moment acquainted Bohe-
mond that I, too, was leaving him. He
snarled, but said naught. I can stand much,
but ’tis passing decency when a Christian
prince takes a harem into his court. It is
an evil stroke that the lord constable hath
launched.”

  “ ’Twas not, in truth, the constable,
I think, lord,” said Matteo.

  And he to'd of Sinan’s promise, and of the
whisper he had heard in the hall.
128

Adventure

  “So!” John the Englishman pursed his
lips in reflection. “Now, what seeks Sinan
from such a ploy? Doubt not, he hath the
constable in agreement with him, for I knew
one of the Armenian knights who accom-
panied the girls—and told him my thought
of his mission, too.”

  “Mayhap, he desires to assure himself of
Bohemond’s inaction the while he intrigues
with King Amalric,” suggested Matteo.

  “ ’Tis that,” assented John. “Aye, you
have put your finger on it, lad. Well, what
may we do against a diseased mind? ’Tis
time we sought other scenes. You, too,
de. Pugne? Good! I shall have excellent
companionship in my venturous old age.”

CHAPTER XX

TIIE DEATH OP AMALRIC

FROM the eminence which was crowned
by the ancient church of St. Stephen
the four travelers looked down upon the
northern walls of Jerusalem. The far-flung
line of battlements, the domes and towers
of the churches and palaces, the close-
packed blocks of houses, stretched from the
Valley of Jehoshaphat to the Valley of
Gehinnon, with the bulk of Mount Moriah
dominating the picture.

  Streams of people were pouring toward
the city, pilgrims from overseas, merchants
of many lands, peasants from the surround-
ing country, knights and sergeants, squires
and men-at-arms, priests and monks.

  As Matteo and his companions ap-
proached the Gate of St. Stephen they ob-
served a look of depression, almost of fear,
in the faces of many beside them. There
was no talking. Horsemen hung their
heads. Clerks told their beads as they
walked. The peasants and burghers dis-
played open grief, weeping and wringing
their hands.

   “Prithee, fair sir,” said John the English-
man to a knight of the Hospital, who was
ahead of them in the line waiting to pass the
customs officers within the gate, “why is
there so great dolor this day?”

  “ ’Tis easy to see you have journeyed
from a distance, messer.” responded the
Hospitaler. “Our lord the king hath been
ill and now grows worse. Men say he can
not live.”

  “In sooth, that is bad tidings,” agreed
John, “but even kings must die.”

  “As for that,” said the Hospitaler, “Amal-
ric is a good lord; but men fear for their land
and their own bodies, if he dies. His son,
Prince Baldwin, is but a youth. The native
barons and the foreign lords from overseas
wrangle among themselves concerning who
shall advise him. And the Saracens grow
stronger day by day.”

  The line swayed forward at that moment,
and John gave courteous . thanks to the
knight.

  “It seems we are come in an anxious
hour,” he said to Matteo.

  “All the more reason why I should push
on and discharge my errand,” Matteo re-
plied.

  “And I find me a lord to serve as soon as
may be,” said de Pugne.

  “Youth rides in haste,” smiled the old
jongleur. “Yet sometimes youth is wise.”

  They rode as rapidly as the congestion
permitted through the Street of St. Stephen.
To the left hand rose the truncated pile of
Mount Moriah, capped by the buildings of
the Praetorium, the quarters of the Knights ,
of the Temple and the splendid structures
of the Templum Domini and the Palace of
Solomon. As they passed the corner of the
Via Dolorosa and entered the wide square
in front of the Church of the Holy Sepul-
cher, they were obliged to pick a careful
path between the close-packed ranks of
pilgrims, who knelt at prayer for the sick
king.

  The enormous hospital of tlie Knights of
St. John resounded with the chanting of
priests; but it seemed to the travelers that
the knights in armor who lounged by the
entrance wore expressions of boredom
rather than piety. At the next corner, John
the Englishman, who knew the way of old,
turned into the Street of David which trend-
ed eastward through the city toward the
palace enclosure on Mount Moriah.

  The guards at the palace entrance halted
them while an officer of the household was
called. He had attended the court on the
king’s visit to Antioch, and remembered at
once the young jongleur who had sung at
Prince Baldwin’s behest. John the English-
man needed no introduction. He was one of
the best-known men of any degree through-
out all the lands of Outremer, the hero of
innumerable desperate ventures and daring
embassies, let alone the echoing memories
of his once matchless voice and glorious
melodies.
A Son of Strife

129

  “At another time no two would be more
welcome,” said the chamberlain. “But
today we sit and mourn; and misunderstand
me not, messers, if I say there is more call
for priests than jongleurs.”

  “Certes, we would not seem to enforce
ourselves upon you,” answered Matteo.
“But I bear a message of import from one
Sinan, who is called the Old Man of the
Mountain.”

  “A message from Sinan?” repeated the
chamberlain in amazement. “The king
hath ever had an interest in that strange
man. But his illness grows upon him, and

I know not-”

  “At the least,” suggested John the Eng-
lishman, “permit Messer Matteo to see some
official of the court.”

  “Aye,” returned the functionary, after
a moment’s deliberation. “I will call upon
Messer William, the Archdeacon of Tyre,
he who is governor to Prince Baldwin.
Perchance, the prince himself will wish to
hear what you say. ’Tis he, in sooth, now
governs the realm.”

  He bade the guards see to the comfort of
Ali and the horses, then conducted them
into the palace. The anterooms were
crowded with people, lords and ladies in
silks and velvet stuffs, knights of the house-
hold in the mail they never discarded while
on duty, emissaries from the Italian trading
cities, potentates of the Church, jesters and
jongleurs whose gay raiment made bright
splotches of color against the drabness of
the throng—but whose instruments and
voices were muted and stilled.

  “Bide you here,” directed the chamber-
lain at last at the threshold of a curtained
door where foot-sergeants stood at rest.

  Courtiers whispered and plucked one
another by the sleeve, eyeing the strangers
with puzzlement. A gray-haired knight
came up and recalled himself to John the
Englishman. Matteo stood wrapped in his
own thoughts. But de Pugne soon distract-
ed his attention.

“Ha, Matteo,” muttered the young
knight, “there is the demoiselle Brygas!”
“And,” he added, as Matteo looked up
instinctively, “and her two sour-faced
guardians.”

  Matteo could not avoid a smile as his
glance strayed from the merry countenance
of Brygas de Kergac, freely expressing her
combined delight and surprize, and the
frowning features of Renier de Chappes and
9

his ill-favored son. Brygas waved him
a greeting; her uncle and cousin after a long
look of savage displeasure turned their backs
upon him. But Matteo found keen satisfac-
tion in acknowledging her greeting with
a pointed courtesy which they turned away
too late to miss.

  “My faith, she is a fair maid!” quoth de
Pugne. “Her uncle likes you little, ’twould
seem.”

  “Nay, you overstate it, Francois,” Mat-
teo corrected him. “He hates me.”

  “ ’Tis misfortune for you,” condoned
Francois with somewhat empty sympathy.
“He would never accept your suit.”

  Matteo was amused.

  “My suit! You are mad, my friend. And
for yourself, let me warn you, he intends her
and her estates in Brittany for none other
than his son.”

  As he said it something within Matteo
rose up in silent rebellion against the glib
phrases. No less pronounced was the spok-
en reaction of de Pugne.

  “That slovenly varlet!” jeered Francois.
“Zounds, ’twill be a sorry day for chivalry
when a fox mates with a roe deer! I think
we shall confess ourselves less than men if
we permit it.”

  Matteo would have answered him, but
the curtained doors swung open and the
babble of the courtiers was suspended, as
the chamberlain ushered out two men.
Yet not exactly two men, for, although
Baldwin had the stature of a man, tall,
well-thewed, broad-shouldered, the face
under his tumbled mane of yellow hair was
the face of a boy, thoughtful beyond his
years, intelligent, reflective, but neverthe-
less the face of a boy, a boy who had been
unspoiled by royalty.

  His companion was a priest of imposing
appearance and authoritative manner. But
it was the boy who spoke first, with a quick
flush of interest.

  “Why, ’tis Messer Matteo the jongleur!”
he said. “Certes, I am glad of your coming
—and yours, too, Messer John! And this
young knight, whose face is familiar to me.
You do well to visit us at Jerusalem, even
though it be at a time of sadness. But I am
told you bring a message to my father from
Sinan!”

  “That is true, lord,” said Matteo.

  “And what is this message?” spoke up
the Archdeacon of Tyre in a grave voice.

  Matteo took from his wallet the package
130

Adventure

sealed with black wax and stamped with the
sign of the clinched list and triple-bladed
knife. Baldwin slit it open with the point of
his dagger, and scanned the pompous
Arabic phrases with a hasty eye.

  “He would turn Christian!” he exclaimed.
“What think you of that, arch-deacon?”

  “I am more interested in what Messer
Matteo thinks of it,” returned Father
William.

  “It means only Sinan’s convenience,”
returned Matteo frankly. “He does not
disguise that.”

  “But it can be turned to rare account!”
declared the prince. “What? Now, when
the kingdom is doubly troubled by my
father’s illness and internal dissensions.
It could not have come at a better time.
Can you not see the chance it gives, Father
William?”

  “Aye,” agreed the churchman. “And it
occurs to me that we should deliver it to
the king. ’Tis a triumph for his statecraft,
after all, that so desperate a knave as Sinan
is brought to asking terms of us and not of
the Saracens.”

  Baldwin clutched Matteo by the arm.

  “It shall be done,” he cried. “Messer
Matteo, it grieves me to say it, but we know
not at what moment my father may pass.
He hath been a king so long, accustomed to
give orders and not receive them. He
scouts the leeches, and that hath been the
making of his death. But what we may do
to ease his suffering we strive for.

  “I have two thoughts in my mind: To
present to him Sinan’s message to give him
heart; and to hold you ready should he call
for a jongleur, as he is like to do, for he is
fond of your craft. Father William, will
you take heed to Messer Matteo’s com-
panions?”

  The guards stood aside, and Baldwin led
Matteo through an inner anteroom, empty
save for men-at-arms and servants. From
it they emerged into a great chamber at the
far end of which was a vast bed upon a dais.
The chief barons of the realm stood in
groups by the door. The patriarch and
several of his bishops were an imposing com-
pany, mitres on heads, pastoral staves in
their hands. A knot of priests knelt before
a crucifix in a corner. By the curtains of the
bed moved others—a shaven monk, fat and
solemn; a bearded Greek doctor in a tall
hat; a Saracen hakim in turban and spotless
robes.

  “Stand here,” murmured Prince Baldwin.

  Matteo stared about him while Baldwin
crossed to the dais. It was the strangest
scene he had ever beheld, in many ways the
strangest he was ever likely to behold. A
king was dying. The fortunes of factions, of
a country, of a royal house, perhaps of all
Christendom, hung poised in the balance.

  Stray bits of phrases floated to his ears.

  “Will he really die?” “He hath sealed
his own death-warrant!” “How?” “This
morning, in his pain, he besought the leeches
for a purgative. The Saracen and the
Greek, being men of wisdom denied him.
But the monk yielded.” “Ha, say you

so-” “There is word Count Raymond

of Tripoli-” “Who?” “Count Ray-
mond—the king’s cousin—he is riding at
loose rein. He should be here by vespers.”
“What say the ‘foreigners’ to that?” “Oh,
they belittle him.” “They are overconfi-
dent.” “Aye, de Chappes hath said-”

  Matteo leaned closer at mention of his
enemy’s name. He could not see the speak-
er, behind the shoulders of several other
men, but he hungered for further informa-
tion. The next few words were indis-
tinguishable.

  “One way or the other, we shall have it
out,” said another voice. “If de Chappes
hath his way, the ‘Adventurers’ will-”

  A roar, hoarse, inarticulate, came from
behind the swaying curtains of the bed.

  “I want no more of you, leeches! Y’have
done your worst! Let me be. I would die
in peace, as becometh a warrior and a king!
My name still means somewhat in Paynim
ears. Aye, here is Sinan, who calls himself
the Lord of Death, asks humbly for my
suzerainty and will become a Christian.
What say you, Templars all? Sinan, an
apostle of Christianity! Sinan, the Lord of
Death! Death! Phaugh! Must a king
die?”

  The leeches hovered on the dais steps—
but fled as the bed-curtains were wrenched
apart, and the giant frame of the king
tottered into view, supported and partially
restrained by Prince Baldwin.

  The lords and prelates stood like men
enchained, speechless. Only Matteo sped
across the room and placed a carved oaken
chair behind the king. Amalric sank down
into its seat like a lion which has received
a spear-thrust in the chest. His strength
was exhausted by the mad effort.

  “Ha, so!” he gasped. “I—would—pass—
A Son of Strife

131

in — open — always — hoped — die — in

—mail-”

 His head dropped forward on his chest.
 “Dear lord,” said Baldwin gently, “this
 is the jongleur, Messer Matteo of Antioch,

who-”

 The king’s head lifted again.

“Where—are—knights?” he asked in
a guttural whisper. “I—would—hear—

rattle—armor—creak—harness-”

 “Here is Messer Matteo, the jongleur of
 Prince Bohemond, will chant you a brave
 romaunt, sire,” prompted Baldwin.

 The king roused himself.

 “Ho, jongleur of Antioch!” his voice burst
 forth in a bellow such as had carried over
 many a stricken field. “A song—a geste—
 a romaunt—to which a king may pass!”
 Matteo caught up a lute from a table at
 the dais foot.

 “The order is heard, O king!” he recited
 in the ringing, mellow voice of the jongleurs.
 “A brave romaunt for a brave king. A tale
 of a most valorous knight and a demoiselle
 beyond compare, like to the many who have
 ever delighted to honor the Lord of Jerusa-
 lem, of their loves and their sorrows, their
 trials and their pleasures. Hark to my lay!”
 “Good—good,” muttered the king.
 “Hast—a—pleasant—touch—jongleur.”
 Matteo’s fingers swept the strings in an
 impassioned tempest of melody.

“Now, they sing and they say and they

 relate,” he began.

          /

      /

        “Aucassin was of Beaucaire,

        Of the mighty castle there,

        But his heart was ever set
        On his fair friend Nicolette.”

 The golden voice filled the room, now like
 a trumpet-blast, now like an echo of fairy
 song. The winsome tale, fresh from the deft
 brain of its unknown Provencal author, had
 the company in thrall. The king’s features,
 haggard and distorted by pain, became com-
 posed. His drooping head was lifted once
 more. A dim light shone in his eyes.

 The story continued, alternating song and
 recitative, to the point where Aucassin
 armed himself to go forth to fight his father’s
 foes as the price of the hand of Nicolette:

“Shirt and hauberk donned the lad,

Laced the helmet on his head,

        Girt his golden-hilted sword,

       Came the war-horse at his word,

        Gripped the buckler and the lance,

At the stirrups ca9t a glance-”

  “Pass forward!” shouted the king in a
voice of thunder. “Christ and the Sepul-
cher! Pass-”

  His head lolled back and he died.

  Prince Baldwin eased the great body as it
slipped. Matteo dropped his lute and
sprang to aid him. Several priests and
barons hastened forward. A spasmodic
patter of Latin came from the corner where
monks prayed before the crucifix. There
was an abrupt silence. It seemed to Matteo
as though a chill wind blew through the
room. He found himself shivering.

  “The king is dead,” pronounced the
patriarch. “Baldwin reigns!”

  “Baldwin reigns!” repeated the company
like children conning a lesson.

  Men began to leave the room, eager to
spread the news, and Matteo drifted on the
tide toward the exit. He was surprized to
feel a pressure on his arm, and looked over
his shoulder into Baldwin’s face.

  “At your service, lord king,” he said.
  Baldwin gripped his hand fast.

  “You are the first to name me so,” he
exclaimed. “ ’Tis an omen of friendship.
Messer Jongleur, I like you. Had I my
way, as Messer William, the archdeacon,
will tell you, I would forego the duties of
kingship and be a jongleur like yourself,
aye, a trouvair, a singer of songs, a teller of
tales. But my niche is fitted for me, and
I must fill it. So I say to you again, be my
friend, tarry here at Jerusalem.”

  “Lord, it would please me to serve you,”
answered Matteo with a thrill of liking for
the comely, open young face. “But may-
hap your lords-”

  “Most of my lords are old enough to be
my father and ever thinking on that fact.”
returned Baldwin impetuously. “You are
wise, yet near my age, and have no politics
to serve. I need you. Will you stay?”
“Aye, lord. Yet what will the bar-

  “I care not what they say or think. I
choose my own friends. There are sorry
days ahead. My father trusted me. He
knew the dangers that would come after
him, and gave me warning. Of all those
about me only two may I trust, Father
William, the archdeacon, and you.”

  “And me you have known a scant hour or
two!” smiled Matteo.

  “ ’Tis long enough. You have a rare
voice, Messer Matteo. You shall be the
king’s jongleur. Aye, so it shall be.”
132

Adventure

     • CHAPTER XXI

THE BANISHMENT OF BRYGAS

BALDWIN sat very straight and stern
in his chair of state at the head of the
council board. Behind him stood Matteo.
At his left hand were seated Father William
of Tyre and John the Englishman, whose
sage wisdom was prized at any court of
Outremer. At his right hand sat his cousin,
Count Raymond of Tripoli, the premier
baron of the realm, lean, silent, alert. On
the opposite sides of the long table were
ranged the chief feudatories of the kingdom,
including the grand masters of the Tem-
plars and the Hospitalers.

  “Now that my dear lord and father hath
been fitly laid to rest with his ancestors,
lords, we are met to discuss the proffer of
Sinan, whom some call the Old Man of the
Mountain,” announced Baldwin. “As you
know, it was my father’s policy to endeavor
to weld him to our interests', notwithstand-
ing my lord, the master of the Templars,
would hear none of it.”

  “Nor will now, sire, if it can be helped,”
interjected the Templar.

  “There is one opinion,” commented Bald-
win impartially. “What say the other
lords? Sinan asks permission to accept
Christianity and desires an alliance with us.”
The debate boiled up tempestuously all
along the table. The native-born barons
and the master of the Hospital—who might
be relied upon always to take the side hostile
to the great rival order—espoused accep-
tance of the offer. The barons from over-
seas, led by Renier de Chappes, supported
the objection of the Templar.

  “ ’Twould be a blemish upon our shields
to accept the aid of one so foul as Sinan,”
declared de Chappes. “Moreover, why
should we palter with his kind? What aid
can he give us?”

  “I would conceive any aid of value when
we are so pressed for men and the paynims
wax bolder every year,” answered Father.
William.

  “You are a priest, Messer Archdeacon,”
sneered de Chappes. “Doubtless you do not
realize that one Christian knight is equal
to ten Saracens, aye, or a hundred! Also,
we have an inexhaustible store of recruits
in our home lands.”

  “Where are they?” inquired John the
Englishman.

  “They will come if we invite them,”
asserted de Chappes confidently— “To
begin with, lord king, ’tis meet to say the
fame of this realm will be increased when
due credit is given to those who have flown
to its defense from overseas.”

  Baldwin frowned, but made no other
acknowledgment of the covert insolence of
the remark. Not so the native barons.

  “Does the Lord of Nerak and Mardan
complain because he has too few fiefs to
hold?” called one.

  “What more do your people want that
they have not got?” inquired another.

  “Will you have the king dethroned and
a successor elected from your number?” de-
manded a third.

  Faces flushed, hands toyed with sword-
hilts. Baldwin’s voice subdued the uproar.

  “Peace, lords! What savs my cousin of
Tripoli?”

  Count Raymond replied without emo-
tion.

  “Why, sire, it seems we are confronted
with a situation which passes speculation.
The facts are before us. The realm is
drained of men. Whatever the reason, we
no longer receive sufficient recruits from
the devout in the Frankish home lands.
And now we have an offer of assistance from
one who is more feared by the Saracen
princes than any other. If he accepts
Christianity ’tis the first triumph of the
Cross outside our marches.

  “But, as I have said, there is no need for
argument. Let us have the truth of the
case from Sinan’s messenger. How now,
Messer Matteo, you are a wise youth and
withal a trusty, by common report, let you
give us your views concerning the matter.
Of us all you alone have had speech with
Sinan. What think' you of him and his
offer?”

  The members of both factions gave over
their disputes, and stared curiously at
Matteo. Already, in the few days he had
been at the court, a legend had grown up
around his name. The fame of his voice
and narrative gift had preceded him,-and
the mystery of his connection with Sinan
and the strange circumstances of his origin
served to intensify the gossip.

  He did not hesitate. His thoughts were
clear-cut—all the more definite because he
found de Chappes on the opposing side.

  “By your leave, lord king,” he answered,
“I agree with Count Raymond. Sinan is
A Son of Strife

133

wholly selfish in this move. He fears the
Templars. He would never be reliable. Yet
if he seeks to make use of us, why should we
not make use of him? ’Tis difficult to
believe the news of his submission would be
without effect.”

  “You speak for Sinan’s purpose,” cried
the Master of the Templars.

  “This man is half Saracen in blood!” ex-
claimed de Chappes.

  “Aye, he wears Sinan’s signet,” added the
Templar.

  “And I have known him, aye, and fought
beside him on occasion, these past four
years, messers,” interrupted John the
Englishman. “He is as trusty a Christian
as any here.”

  “Your words are no less than truth,
Messer John,” said Baldwin swiftly. “But
’twas needless to speak in Messer Matteo’s
defense. I do not take it kindly that lords
should assail the king’s jongleur.”

  “Nay, sire, you do us an injustice,” pro-
tested the Master of the Templars. “We
speak frankly out of our love of your person
and the safety of the realm.”

  “Then, I prithee, speak more wisely,”
admonished Baldwin curtly.

  There was nothing boyish in his manner.
He was a king fully conscious of his king-
ship.

  “The subject hath been fully debated,
lords,” he continued. “In my mind there
is no doubt we should accept an offer which
will win us prestige and time for better pre-
parations to guard the future. But I shall
be guided by your opinions. How sav you
all?”

  The native barons, backed by the clerical
members and the Master of the Hospital,
mustered a clear majority; but the issue of
the vote did not serve to clear the air.

  “That is by for the moment,” said the
Master of the Templars, with a bitter look
at Matteo. “But there is another subject
of no less import, sire, which the council
should decide without delay.”

  “To what do you refer, my lord?”

  The boy king’s voice was vibrant with
dignity.

  “Throughout your minority, lord, I
think we are all agreed, there should be
a guardian or protector of the throne. And
who would be better fitted for the task than
one of your grace’s faithful barons?”

  There was a rustle of interest around the
board. This was the moot question of the

hour. Who should have the guardianship
of the Crown? To which faction would the
rich prize go? And would the result be to
create an uncrowned king and relegate
Baldwin to the background?

  “You have a candidate for this post,
I must assume?” asked Baldwin smoothly.

  “Aye, sire, who better than the Lord of
Nerak and Mardan, whose zeal for the land
and Christ’s service have kept him on the

marches-”

  “Acquiring fiefs from men who had died
in holding and upbuilding them,” snapped
the master of the Hospital.

  De Chappes started up from his chair.
  “My lord,” he rasped, “you will make

good-”

  But Baldwin waved him down.

  “You are in the presence of your king,
my lords,” he said simply. “I prithee recall
to yourselves that though I be young, none
the less is the Crown to be respected. But
is your nomination the only one?”

  “Not so, lord,” cried several barons of
the native faction.

  “Count Raymond should be named,”
proclaimed the Hospitaler. “He is the
chief man next the king in the realm, and
he hath been born and bred among us.”
“Nay, de Chappes,” clamored a group of
“foreigners.”

  “Tripoli!” stormed the native barons.
Baldwin pounded on the table with his
fist.

  “There will be time enough to settle this
question, lords,” he said. “Consider among
yourselves, and strive to adjust your dif-
ferences. We will return to it anon. For
the present the council stands dissolved.”
The council broke up in an atmosphere of
dissatisfaction and gloom. The king with-
drew with Count Raymond and Father
William, and after a few words with John
the Englishman, Matteo strolled into the
anterooms, crowded with courtiers discuss-
ing the reports conveyed by the different
barons. Renier de Chappes and his son
were the center of a furious group gesticu-
lating over the two slights which they con-
ceived had been put upon them by the
king’s party.

  From these two Matteo’s eyes wandered
about the big chamber and lighted upon
the fair face of Brygas de Kergac. She was,
as usual, surrounded by young knights and
squires, but her glance crossed his and she
made a slight gesture of invitation, at the
134

Adventure

same time gracefully shaking off her atten-
dant train. He hastened across the room
to meet her.

  “ ’Tis a vast honor to have speech with
you,” she jibed. “You are so preoccupied
with your friend the king or the lord chan-
cellor or Count Raymond or some other
great one that a mere maid of the court must
use diligence if she would come upon you.”
Matteo laughed. The dexterity of her
speech and her soft voice became increas-
ingly attractive to him.

  “The greatest honor I know of in Jerusa-
lem is to stand by your side, Lady Brygas,”
he said, “but certes, there are those who
would deny it to me.”

  He lifted an eyebrow in the direction of
de Chappes, who had suddenly ceased talk-
ing with his supporters and was glowering
across the room at Brygas and himself.

  She frowned petulantly.

  “They are always at me. Do but look
at the face of Manasses?”

  The countenance of the younger de
Chappes was, indeed, like a thundercloud.
So patent was their anger that it produced
in Matteo a vague sense of exhilaration.

  “Let them glower,” he laughed. “All did
not go as they wished in the council, and
they have good reason to hate me afresh—■
aye, and their hatred shall not wane for lack
of material if I have my way with them.”
Her face sobered.

  “You would do well to use care,” she said
seriously. “ ’Twas in my mind to warn you.”
“For that I thank you, dear lady. You
are still on my side, are vou.not?”

  “I am ever on the side of a valiant knight.”

  “But I am no knight-”

  “Did we not have that out in Antioch?”
  “Aye, but-”

  “There are no ‘buts’ in this cause, Messer
Matteo. What knight could have ventured
farther afield than you or won greater
honors?”

  “Nay,” replied Matteo, with beating heart.
“I have my greatest honor in this moment.”
Brygas regarded him curiously.

  “I would I knew how far you might be
credited,” she sighed. “They tell wondrous
tales of you; how all the ladies of Antioch

and Byzantium-”

“I have never been in Byzantium.”
“What boots that to a teller of tales?
Hah, you may not answer me! And at the
least, you may not deny you are become
a very desperate hero of romance. Doth

not Prince Bohemond, whom all know as
half-mad, love you? Doth not Sinan, the
Lord of Death, concern himself with you?
Ah, but few know as much as I, concerning

the winning of a certain ring-”

  “And prithee, lady, if you care for .my
life, see that none other comes to share your
knowledge?” interrupted Matteo.

  “You are safe in my hands,” she reassured
him merrily. “But why should you fear
who are the favorite of the king?”

  “Our king is a brave king, lady, but over-
young, and my enemies are powerful. My
way is not an easy one to tread.”

  “Prithee, then, Messer Matteo, in doubt
or danger, take counsel with one who will
be vigilant in your interest, even though
she be held in the enemy’s keep.”

  Matteo’s eyes lightened.

  “You have ever been a maid to stir a
warrior’s heart. Truly, I thank you and

shall call-”

  “Brygas!”

  The cold voice almost at his elbow
caused him to slew around. It was Renier
de Chappes. Completely ignoring Matteo,
her uncle drew her hand within his arm.

  “But, lord,” she started to protest with
mutinous intent.

  “I must have speech with you elsewhere,”
de Chappes cut her off.

  But he could not cut off the look of fare-
well she threw back over her shoulder as
she walked reluctantly away.

  She was not present that night in the hall
of audience when Matteo and John the
Englishman and other jongleurs and trou-
vairs—for the court’s brief mourning was at
an end—entertained the company with song
and story. In succeeding days he caught
stray glimpses of her, always under escort
of her uncle or Manasses. Then a week
passed, and the court went hawking one
day beyond Mons Gihon.

  Matteo found himself separated from the
king’s party. He had ridden across the
fields after a young peregrine that had
missed its kill and swerved uncertainly in
the lower sky. Behind him he heard the
thud of hoofs, and Francois de Pugne
rocketed up to his side.

  “Have you seen Brygas de Kergac,
Matteo?”

  “Nay,” denied Matteo.

  “She broke away when the peregrine
missed,” explained de Pugne, picking up
his reins. “I thought she rode this way.”
A Son of Strife

135

  “I have not seen her.”

  “ ’Tis likely that cur Manasses hath
carried her off,” said de Pugne morosely.
“I shall yet hew him from his saddle.”

  He cantered on, and Matteo rode after
the hawk, which was dropping slowly in
erratic circles. De Pugne vanished in the
trees on the mountain flank, and presently
the battering of hoofs sounded again behind
Matteo. He looked back, expecting to see
another young knight in pursuit of Brygas,
perhaps even Manasses. But his pursuer
was the demoiselle, herself. He reined in, and
forgot to notice when the peregrine soared
aloft to swoop on an unfortunate pigeon
“If you do not wish nfy company, say so
and be done with it,” she panted, halting
abreast of him.

  Matteo laughed, and the blood drummed
in his temples.

  “If I did,” he returned, “there are scores
who would slay me for a smile from you.
The fields are covered with knights and
squires riding hither and yon in search of
you. ’Tis impossible to fly a bird for the
confusion you have created.”

  “Then are your troubles through me close
to an end,” she answered somberly.

  “What? How say you, lady?”

  Her face lightened somewhat at the anx-
iety in his voice.

  “I am to be sent to Nerak,” she explained.
“To be kept there until I vield.”

  “Yield?”

  “Oh, until I give in to their threats and
agree to marry Manasses, my brutish
cousin who hath bullied and abused me
since we were children whenever oppor-
tunity served.”

  Now, Matteo was aware of hammers that
pounded within his head and heart.

  “Nay, nay,” he cried out. “It can not be!”
“Then do you prevent it,” she retorted
fiercely. Her voice grated with anger.
“Mark you, I will not wed that ape. Sooner
would I cast myself from Baldwin’s Tower.”
“They shall not force you,” he said, and
the red mist before his eyes began to clear,
but the pounding of the hammers continued,
and he looked around in bewilderment to
see Manasses de Chappes galloping toward
them on a lathered horse.

  “So it is, always,” she said. “They watch
me wherever I go. Oh, I shall suffer for this!”
“Let me speak to the king!”

  “To what purpose? The king is but a boy,
however much we may love him. He hath

cares enough, the saints know! The father of
Manasses is my guardian and every baron
would rally to his defense did the Crown seek
to interfere with his disposal of my hand.”
“You are right, lady,” admitted Matteo.
“But you have asked my aid, and you shall
have it. While I live, you shall not marry
Manasses.”

  “But how prevent it?” she asked eagerly.
  “I know not, but there are those who

love you-”

  Her face softened.

  “But not you?” she murmured.

  Matteo snatched her hand and pressed it
to his lips.

  “God knows I am not of those who may
look honestly for your favor, sweet friend,”
he said, “but such as I am, I am yours.”
Her eyes shone with a great light, but be-
fore she could make answer Manasses reined
in at her side.

  “My father sends me to bid you return
to the king’s company,” he ordered gruffly,
with never a glance at Matteo.

  “I am returning,” she answered shortly.
  “Nay, you are to go with me.” -
  “I will not go with you!” she flared.
  Manasses lost his temper.

  “You shall be soundly punished for this,
girl! Have you not been forbidden to ride
with the enemies of your family?”

  Matteo leaned forward across her saddle
so that his eyes met Manasses’s squarely.

  “Mv counsel is that you give over abuse,”
he said gently. “The Lady Brygas waits
for Messer de Pugne, who will escort her to
the king’s company.”

  He had just seen de Pugne emerging from
the wood on the lower slope of Mons Gihon
and head toward them.

  “Any one, so it be not you,” returned
Manasses, and maintained his position.

  Brygas looked up once to note de Pugne
galloping into the road, then turned her
head to Matteo.

  “You will not forget what you have said?”
she whispered so low that Manasses might
not overhear.

  “Nay, lady,” replied Matteo sadly, “but
mayhap I have said too much. I have no
standing with gentlefolk, I may be the friend
of princes and kings, but I shall always
be Matteo the Nameless, Matteo of An-
tioch, Matteo the jongleur!”

  The light in her eyes burned brighter.
“You are yourself,” she murmured.
“Your fame is your own.”
136

Adventure

  “I shall serve you as I may, but-”

  He hesitated.

  “Here is Messer de Pugne,” he concluded
inconsequentially as Francois pulled up in
a spatter of dust.

  “Look you, £omrade,” he hailed him,
“here is the Lady Brygas beseeching your
escort—and one whose conversation irks
her. Wherefore, prithee, deal gently with
her, be cold with her annoyer and so manage
that you return to the king’s side without
having drawn steel.”

  De Pugne glared at Manasses.

“I will not answer for this watch-dog’s
safety,” he growled. “But the Lady Brygas
need not concern herself for his annoyance.
He will keep his distance or feel the whip.”
Manasses flushed uncomfortably.

  “Brave words,” he sneered. “Yet I have
my duty to do, and shall do it, despite you.
It grows late, and we must depart, cousin,
with or without this knight’s company.”
Brygas paid no attention to him, but
maneuvered her horse so that de Pugne was
between her and Manasses. She waved her
hand to Mat-teo.

  “Forget not your pledge,” she called, and
gave her mount the spur.

  Matteo could not trust himself to answer
He watched her and her strange escort out
of sight, sitting as motionless as El-Man-
zur’s high spirits would permit.

  “I am mad,” he muttered to himself over
and over again. “Who am I that—Nay, she
doth not understand. I am mad—mad!
Ruin for both! Aye, certes, for her! De
Chappes I might humble, but can I use her
for my ends? Nay, nay! Blessed Virgin
hear me, I can not, I can not!”

  He recovered some measure of self-control
and resumed his desultory quest of the lost
peregrine. But his thoughts dealt en-
tirely with the coil in which he found
himself.

  “She must not wed Manasses,” he reflect-
ed. “But who? Francois, perchance. Nay,
nay, I can not! I can not! And am I not
as selfish as de Chappes? Francois is a
gentle knight and my comrade. Far better
he than—than—any other. He loves her.
He is worthy. Aye, Francois it should be.”
So Matteo schooled himself, riding at
loose rein, very sore at heart. Forgetting,
too, as many men have forgotten, that a
woman’s heart may not be schooled or
turned aside from an established goal.

TO BE CONCLUDED

Author of “Mis-.

IJES’ finished readin’ about a feller
that gets sentenced to be cooked,
electric, for imbeddin’ a lot of num-
ber two buckshot in another gent’s
innards. Seems like these two wahoos
loves the same girl. An’ both of ’em wins
out. One of ’em wins the lady an’ a stom-

   “70 Below," etc.

achful of lead, an’ the other gets a whole
page in the Sunday supplement and the
right to apply for admission at the pearly
gates on an exact, certain date.

  He’s taken care of complete. He knows
jes’ what he’s goin’ to do. ’Course, the gent
with the lead in his gizzard gets a couple of
Goo Lash

137

months’ start over the long trail; but he
leaves unprepared, so to speak. He don’t
get 110 time at all to buy him some new
moccasins or even ask directions.

  On the other hand, the shotgun-artist’s
got more’n two months to read up on the
trail signs, look over his mushin’-outfit and
generally get ready for the trip. Yet he’s
kickin’. He squawks an’ yells and hollers
an’ raves all over that supplement-page I
done spoke of, an’ he winds up by an-
nouncin’, “Justice is blind.”

  He makes me sick! He’s jes’ like every
other weaklin’ that falls into a hole that he's
done dug himself. He lands head-first on
the bottom, sprains his neck an’ then lays
there hollerin’ for the neighbors to come an’
pull him out. An’ the very first thing he
does when he gets back on top is to cuss
out his luck an’ declare that justice is blind.

  It’s sickenin’. She ain’t blind! She ain’t
even near-sighted! Jes’ because, ’way back,
some fool paints her likeness with a bandage
over her purty eyes, is no sign she can’t see.
It’ s more’n likely she wears that rag to ease
the bustin’ headache she’s got. An’ it’s
purty near sure she gets that same head-
ache tryin’ to figure out a square deal for
us fool mortals.

  Believe me the lady can see, all right;
an’ give her a free hand an’ jes’ half a
chance an’ she’ll take a peek out from under
her blinders an’ dish up a square, even
break for everybody, every time. Some-
times she’ll do even better’n that. Lemme
prove it:

’WAY back in ’96 Manook is maybe
the most high-toned camp on the
whole Yukon. She ain’t very big,
figgerin’ population, an’ she ain’t none
spectacular as a perducer; but she sure is
hide-bound an’ select an’ exclusive. Out
of a total gross population of purty near
forty souls—which don’t reckon no Injuns—
there ain’t no more’n half a dozen chechakos.

  All the rest of us is sourdoughs—old-
timers, right an’ proper. Most of us has
been “Inside” for ten years or more. On
top of that, every man of us, tenderfeet an’
all, is miners an’ prospectors. Every galoot
in camp is a horny-handed son of toil, an’
a perducer.

  PLven Rory Mack, who owns the Pioneer
Saloon, puts in the Summer workin’ a claim
on Little Eureka. Not that Rory is a freak
or anywise different from barkeeps the

world over, or that he labors that way
simply ’cause he likes the work.

  No, sir! As a saloon man Rory is twenty-
four carat pure an’ a thousand fine; an’ he
lives up to the traditions of his tribe like
a true knight of the wet towel an’ the white
apron. He toils through the Summer that
way because while the water’s runnin’ no-
body’s in town. Winters, of course, the
Pioneer is open night, an’ day an’pfervides
recreation an’ regrets for all hands, accordin’
to their means.

  So you see, we don’t harbor airy single
dead-head. The Klondike strike is still
away off, an’ so far the outside world ain’t
hardly touched us. Therefore, no doctors,
lawyers, policemen an’ such is at all present
in our midst.

  We’re a clean-strain, high - toned on-
somble, workin’ hard Summers an’ passin’
the Winters by sleepin’ late mornin’s an’
the rest of the time pleasantly lyin’ to each
other about our antecedents an’ accom-
plishments. Sometimes we varies this pro-
gram slighly by sniffin’ an’ sneerin’ at any
remarks or opinions our five or six tender-
feet may venture to air.

  Yes, sir! We sure do keep them yearlin’s
in their proper places. So with plenty of
grub an’ a surplus of hootch life is full an’
joyous, an’ we ain’t got a thing to sigh' for
except the dawn of another day.

  Well, it’s along toward the end of Septem-
ber. ’Most everybody has done arrived
in town, an’ we’re all busy outfittin’, layin’
in firewood an’ generally gettin’ our cabins
in shape so’s we can hole up comfortable
for the long frost. There’s maybe two
dozen of us millin’ around in the store that
mornin’ when, sharp an’ clear, we hear the
splittin’ screech of the Ilealy’s siren.

  Seein’ as she’s the last boat of the season,
that whistle means a considerable lot. For
one thing it means the last mail for eight
months, not to mention a big pile of news-
papers an' magazines to hearten us through
the Winter. We even acquire some fresh
spuds, maybe. Man, we sure do swarm
down to the beach in a body an’ en masse.

  An’ sure enough, there she comes round
the Prussian Creek bend, two white ribbons
of steam trailin’ from her stacks, a big, i
creamy wave a-curlin’ from her bows,
stately an’ calm as a princess. She sure is
a lady. She’s purty. She surely is.

  But all the same it seems like a year be-
fore she finally noses in an’ ties up in front
138

Adventure

of the store. Her gang-plank no more’n hits
the gravel before we start aboard. But we
don’t make it. No, sir! Half-way up that
plank we stop, sudden!

  Then we back off slow an’ line up on the
beach, hat in hand. No, they ain’t packin’
no corpse ashore. Nothin’ like it. On the
contrary, the livest-lookin’, cheeriest-faced
little lady we’ve seen in many a moon comes
trippin’ down that gangway, a-smilin’ an’
bowin’ right an’ left as we open up to let
her through. An’ she don’t miss nobody
with that smile. She makes a clean sweep,
but she don’t stop.

  She heads straight for the store. An’
right behind her comes a Injun deck-hand
staggerin’ under a whale of a trunk. She’s
goin’ to stay!

  Seems like we lose interest in them maga-
zines an’ newspapers aforesaid. I guess we
even forgit to see about them chechako
spuds. Anyway nobody goes aboard the
boat until a whole lot later in the day. But
you can gamble we keep a couple of eyes
apiece on Jack’s store. An’ we’re rewarded.

  By an’ by out comes the lady in tow of
Jack’s Injun wife, an’ the two of ’em mushes
up the trail toward Jack’s cabin. Now,
’course, you understand that we’re a polite
and decorous bunch of hombres an’ none
whatever inquisitive concernin’ any lady
or her personal affairs; but right away we
surge into the store. An’ Jack obliges.

  Seems like this lady is a nurse, an’ she’s
aimin’ to Winter in Manook. ’Way back
in Poland somewheres she reads about our
camp in her home-town paper an’, learnin’
that we’re plumb minus on white women,
she, bein’ without no kin or fireside ties
whatever, decides to throw in with us.

  She don’t speak American very good;
but she ain’t worried. She figgers that talk
ain’t much necessary in her business nohow,
’cause she aims to make a livin’ by nursin’
us when we’re sick. Well, sir, when Jack
finishes his wah-wah, we jes’ stand there,
stupid. A white woman in camp, and she
figgers on nursin’ us!

  “She’s a mile off the pay-streak,” Scar-
Face Ed finally announces. “There ain’t
nobody been sick in this camp since Sum-
mer before last—the time Dutch Bill et
that wolverine, thinkin’ it was cub bear.”

  “We’re lucky at that,” allows Tommy
Andrews, speakin’ up quick. “We sure are
a fortunate bunch of wahoos,” he declares.
“While I’m proud to be a dweller in this

bustlin’ metropolis, I’m free to admit that
up to now we been dealin’ from a short
deck. But here comes this angel of mercy,
an’ by her mere presence adds that last
refinin’ touch that makes us a full civic
body, finished an’ complete.

  “Another thing,” he continues. “I ain’t
feeling so well. I’m all het up inside, an’
I’m sure feelin’ a heap bad.”

  “You listen to me,” snaps Dick Peters.
“Everybody starts in on this race with an
even break. You give that lady a week
to get domiciled an’ acclimated before you
acquire any spontaneous maladies. Until
all hands gets time to line up for a even
chance you’re goin’ to stay well.”

  Which is fair enough. Nobody can kick
at that. So, everything bein’ understood
that way, Manook takes on her normal gait
an’ Time starts mushin’ along same as
former. Nothin’ is changed except that
about forty of us spends the next week in
shavin’, sewin’ on buttons, hatin’ each
other, tryin’ on new shirts an’ figgerin’
night an’ day on how to become the camp’s
first invalid.

  In the meantime the cause of all this
here activity has done moved into one of
Jack’s extry cabins, unpacked her duds an’
settled down. She makes a couple of trips
to the store an’ buys herself some grub. An’
them’s the only times we get a peek at her.

  But we hear a lot.

  Accordin’ to Jack she’s got a name that’s
made out of nothin’ but “K’s” and “I’s”
an’ looks like a noodle that’s done had a
cramp. Jack states positive that nobody
can say that name without treatin’ every-
body within ten feet to a shower-bath.

  He also informs us that the object of our
curiosity is a lady, meanin’ that she’s one
of them foreign nobility of some kind.
Tommy Andrews chips right in an’ expresses
his belief that, from her pleasant an’ gra-
cious manner, she’s probably a duke; but
Jack surmises she’s more likely a countess.
Jack is a wise old owl, so we take his tip, an’
“Countess” she is to the end of the chapter.
After which we weave along to our several
teepees, to sit in solitude an’ figger some
more on how to get sick.

AS USUAL. Tommy Andrews makes
the first bet.

  He meanders down to the store
next morain’ an’ announces that he’s in
awful agony. He describes himself as bein’
Goo Lash

139

right on the edge of the grave with nothin’
but a toe-hold on a pile of loose dirt.

  He coughs an’ spits an’ rolls his eyes an’
yells to Jack to send for the nurse, quick,
before it’s everlastin’ly too late. There’s
a few of us on hand when Tommy pulls this
stuff, so we throw him out into the street
an’ advise him to go see the nurse, personal.

  An’ blamed if he don’t do it!

  He takes our tip, pronto. He’s sure got
some nerve. At that he needs it, for purty
soon he comes shufflin’ back, slow an’
dejected.

  This time he does look sick, sure enough.
For a while he won’t talk, but after buyin’
him a few drinks we learn that the Countess
asks him a lot of questions about his habits
an’ customs an’ then advises him to go
home an’ cheer up.

  “You ain’t none whatever sick,” she tells
him in her broken American.

  “What you need is more sleep an’ less
hootch,” she states. “Go to bed nights an’
don’t Lake a single drink for a month.”

  An’ the poor clam promises.

  An’ then she laughs at him!

 Poor Tommy’s stack of chips looks
mighty small; but the boy’s attempt bears
fruit an’ proves somethin’. This here
Countess is a real lady an’ a sure enough
nurse. No monkey-shines goes, whatever.
’Course we knew this right along; but some-
how the proof of it cheers us up a lot.

  So once more we disperse, each galoot
once again filled with hope an’ longing.
Once more we unanimously selects our-
selves as the lucky victim that will eventu-
ally lead our white female population to the
mission chapel. But there’s a big fly in our
mush—Tommy.

  Naturally after his crushin’ defeat nobody
tries to get sick any more. Therefore, there
bein’ no patients, the Countess’ nursin’ busi-
ness falls off to nothin’ before it ever gets
started. In the meantime Mr. Tommy
keeps close cases on everybody an’ every-
thing. Then he cooks up a new scheme.

  After about two weeks has faded into the
dim past, he calls on the Countess an’ re-
quests her will she take him for a boarder.
He explains that while he lives plumb over
to the other side of town the walk to meals
three times a day will keep his mind off of
the hootch he ain’t drinkin’ an’ therefore
do him a heap of good.

  He adds that he’s a rank failure as a chef
an’ vows that he can’t stand his own cookin’

no more. An’ these here last statements is
gospel. Tommy is probably the worst cook
on the whole river.

  Anyway he puts up such a pitiful plea
that he persuades her, an’ Mr. Andrews
becomes the first boarder in the first an’
only boardin’-house in camp. The energy
an’ enterprise of that Tommy-fox is cer-
tainly no less than amazin’ an’ ridiculous.
He’s a wise young fool, that Tommy is, an’
the camp loses no time in so informin’ him.

  Likewise, five of our more enterprisin’
spirits takes the trail he breaks an’ acquires
eatin’ privileges at the Countess’ table, bein’
duly enrolled as holders of regular fodder-
tickets. When things gets to this point the
boozshwah an’ the rabble lays off, rightly
concludin’ that the race lays between the
lucky six.

  Then everything once more settles down
to normal or below an’ events starts fol-
lowin’ each other in their regular order,
barrin’ sometimes when one of ’em breaks
out of line an’ crowds in ahead of its turn.
The first time this happens is about a week
after the Countess opens up her bean-
emporium.

  We’re all siltin’ around in the Pioneer
that night when in busts Tommy, a-wearin’
a smile so wide he can whisper in his own ear.

  “Gentlemen,” he shouts, “I win; step up,
all hands, an’ name it.”

  Well, sir, he sure startles us. To put it
mild, these «here remarks is wholly unex-
pected at this time, an’ prematoor. They
undoubtedly sets us back. Though of
course we know exactly what Tommy
means, Dick Peters voices our desires when
he says:

  “Calm yourself. Then explain some.
Just what do you win?”

  “The Countess,” Tommy busts out.
“She’s jes’ promised me, an’ we’re goin’
to be married in two weeks come Sunday,”
he gasps.

  “An’ she done gimme permission to
notify you all an’ to buy a drink,” he
finishes, blushin’.

  “Here’s to her, and God bless her,” says
Dick, gulpin’ his at a swaller. “An’ may
you always have strength in your arm to
smooth the trail for her little feet.”

  Considerin’ that Dick has been played
as a favorite, this is mighty right an’ hand-
some, specially as he shows that he’s bad
hurt, spite of all he can do to hide it.

  Tommy an’ him shakes, an’ then Tommy
140

Adventure

orders another round, an’ it ain’t long till
we’re singin’ “We Won’t Go Home until
Mornin’.” An’ we don’t.

  Next day all the Countess’ boarders re-
signs except Tommy. They feel that it
wouldn’t be delicate in them to keep eatin’
off a lady that’s engaged an’ got a lot of other
things to think about besides rustlin’ grub.

  “At that we’re glad we’re through,” allows
Rory Mack. “It’s been a ordeal an’ us
boarders is mighty glad to be free.”

  Now this here statement puzzles us com-
plete at the time. Us outsiders right along has
been plumb envious of the Countess’ payin’
guests; but before long we learns somethin’.

  In the meanwhile, Time once more gets
a good grip on the gee-pole an’ mushes on
an’ Progress slides along a few feet further,
while the camp rests. All we aim to do for
the next two weeks is to envy an’ con-
gratulate Tommy. About ten days slips
by; then one momin’ this is what we see
tacked on the store door:

             N O T I S
  I the undersigned hereby calls a miners’
  meetin on Tommy Andrews at 8
  o’clock to nite P. M. This here meetin
  is for breach of promis in Jack’s Store.

Sined:

                          Dick Peters.

  Maybe you think this proclamation don’t
start some excitement! When I say that
the discovery of this here concise epistle is
equal to a bomb explosion on our main an’
only thorofare, I’m puttin’ it mild.

  Here we are, a heart-broken bunch of
ex-Romeos, grievin’ daytimes over our lost
chances an’ spendin’ the brighter hours that
comes along with nightfall preparin’ to do
full honor to the camp’s first set of nuptials;
an’ then—Bang! Away goes our prospective
festivities like abustedballoon. Whatmakes
it worse is a iron-clad custom we got, to wit:
When notice of a miners’ meetin’ is posted
all hands is honor bound not to discuss the
matter at issue before the meetin’ is called.

  Take it from me, by night we’re all
swelled up an’ ready to bust.

      AT FIVE minutes to eight Dick
Peters breezes into the store. That
makes it unanimous. Every man
in camp is already there waitin’.

  Right away somebody proposes Hank

Somers for chairman an’ Billy Elms for
secretary. They’re elected by acclamation.
Then Dick states his reasons for callin’ us
together.

   “Gentlemen,” he says, “I done called this
meetin’ to ask you to ladle out a lot of
justice to a rattle-brained skunk that sure
needs it. Through the triflin’ activities of
one of our number the fair name of this
camp is about to be smeared with a heap
of mud.

   “I don’t aim to get personal, but unless
Tommy Andrews goes through with the
weddin’ ceremonies he done promulgated
he breaks the heart of a sure-enough good
an’ sweet lady. Besides which, he gets him-
self branded as a quitter, an’ he blacks the
eye of this camp till it shines. I don’t fig-
ger we allows him to pull off any such play.

  “Here’s what’s the matter: Me bein’
Tommy’s intended best man, I goes to see
him frequent to cheer' him up an’ advise
him.

   “Last night I moseys over to his cabin as
usual; an’ just as soon as I get inside he
informs me that the layout is turned face
down an’ the game’s closed. He announces
that he ain’t goin’ to marry nobody, an’
he refuses to give any reason whatsoever.”

   “Hang him!” yells Missouri Bill.

  “Order!” the chairman hollers. “We
ain’t goin’ to hang nobody till we knows
exactly what for. Them kind of remarks
don’t go—at least, not yet.”

   “Where’s the lady?” old Jack inquires.
“I move that Rory Mack be appointed as a
committee to invite her to attend this meet-
ing at once.”

   He’s a wise old owl, is Jack.

   Rory, bein’ duly appointed, starts im-
mediate. The meetin’ marks time.

   In about fifteen minutes Rory comes back
and reports.

   “It ain’t no use,” he states. “I seen her,
an’ she won’t come. More’n that, she won’t
say nothin’ about nothin’, only that she
positive refuses to appear against Tommy,
that she wishes him well an’ hopes we don’t
hurt him an’ that her hearths busted. She
starts cryin’, an’ I come away.”

   “Hang him!” Missouri Bill yells.

  “Gentlemen,” Scar-Face Ed hollers,
jumpin’ up on the counter, “this here is a

-of a note! It’s awful! Moreover, this

is easy the worst an’ most important case
we’ve ever been called on to decide.

  “I don’t know hardly what to say, at
Goo Lash

141

all,” Ed admits, “but I got a idea. Owin’
to the aforesaid importance of this matter,
I moves that Rory be sent back to the
Countess to request her will she accept the
decision of this meetin’. If she says, ‘Yes,’
then I move you some more that we elect
a judge, a clerk an’ a jury to try this case,
regular court-fashion. Maybe we don’t ever
get a chance to handle a breach of promise
suit again. Let’s do her up in style.”

  “Second the motion! Hang him!” yells
Missouri Bill.

  Rory makes the second round trip in
less’n ten minutes.

  “I resign,” he announces soon as he gets
back inside. “I ain’t goin’ over there no
more. She’s still a-cryin’, an’ I can’t stand
it! She asks me will we let this thing drop;
but if we won’t, she asks us not to pull off
any personal violence on Tommy. After
I promise her she agrees to accept any
verdict we renders. An’ I’m done.”

  “If we can’t do anything to this here
culprit what’s the use of doin’ anything?”
inquires Scar-Face.

  “Hang him!” Missouri whoops.

  “You holler that jes’ once more,” Hank
cautions, “an’ you go out. Nominations
for judge an’ jury, with the usual trim-
min’s, is now in order. Let’s adopt Scar-
Face’s idea an’ try this case accordin’ to
Hoyle. I’m confident we arrive at a verdict
that satisfies the Countess an’ the camp.”
Right there we make a record. Five
minutes is enough to elect Hank Sommers
judge an’ Billy Elms clerk, while Tom Drew
is voted in as prosecutin’ attorney with
Pete-the-Pig slated as Tommy’s lawyer.
Both Tommy an’ the Pig is plumb disgusted
with this selection, but accepts because they
got to. Twelve names is grabbed out of a
hat, an’ with the jury complete Manook’s
first court is organized.

  “The court comes to order,” says Hank.
“What’s the charge ag’in’ this polecat that
trifles with a lady’s affections?” he inquires.

  “Breach of promise, your honor,” replies
Tom Drew. “An’ I move that the jury
retires an’ starts figgering out a verdict.
The court hears what Dick Peters charges,
an’ unless the defendant’s got a alibi what’s
the use of anybody sayin’ any more?”

  “Say, what kind of a trial is this here
anyway?” Tommy yells, jumping up.
“What for have I got a lawyer, an’ what for
is this court for?” he wants to know, real
peevish.

  “That’s right,” declares Tommy’s lawyer,
suddenly wakin’ up. “You smarties done
elected a regular court an’ wished this here
job of defendin’ this wall-eyed Piute on to
me. You hollered for a trial with all the
fixin’s. You’re goin’to get it! Seein’ that
the Countess refuses to take a hand in these
obsequies, I ask that the court appoint
some one to act in her place so’s counsel for
the defense can get said party on to the
stand an’ bring out a lot of news favorable
to my client.”

  “She’s a good idea,” Hank agrees.
“Actin’ thereon, the court hereby appoints
Doc Hatch to be the Countess pro tem.”

  “I’ll be hanged if I’ll be her totem!” Doc
roars. “I won’t do it! I ain’t goin’ to be
nobody’s wooden image. Why, darn your
fool hide, do you think ’cause I’m a old man
you can force me to clown for this bunch
of rattle-heads? This here whole camp has
gone bug-house! What do I know about
this crazy mix-up? An’ I make a fine lady,
with nigh on to a foot of whiskers, don’t

I? You go to-!” he invites, slammin’

his cud ag’in’ the side of the stove, where
she sticks an’ fries like a flapjack.

  “You’ll serve or I’ll fine you six ounces
for the benefit of the mission,” states the
court.

  Hank knows that the old Doc packs a
fat poke of dust.

  “All right, I’ll serve,” Doc snarls. “An*
look out for me,” he warns.

  “Now that we’re provided with a plaintiff
the case is two-sided, as the law requires,”
Hank allows. “Defense will start in.”

  “Call the Countess,” snaps the Pig.

  Old Doc answers by haulin’ a bottle of
hooch out of his shirt an’ tiltin’ a whale
of a snort into himself. Then he glares at
the judge while he stows the bottle away,
offerin’ nobody nothin’. After which the
old coyote ambles over to the witness chair,
stows away a big chew of fine-cut an’ sits
down. The ice is two inches thick on the
old man’s face.

  Now, this here cool behavior of the Coun-
tess pro tem, kinda flusters the Pig; but he
likewise salts away a chew, hitches up his
pants an’ cuts loose.

  “You’re a nurse, I understand,” he re-
marks, polite.

  “That’s me,” Doc agrees, never battin’
an’ eye. “I’m a nurse. I’m nursin’ a dude
of a grouch. An’ when I gets this peeve
nursed an’ coddled into what I considers a
142

Adventure

healthy an’ robust condition I’m goin’ to
turn her loose on the officers of this here
court. I got a idea that when the finish is
complete you embryo law-sharks is gonna
wish you never was born.”

  “Lookin’ at you makes me wish that,
right now,” the Pig comes back. “Now,
madam, in spite of the fact that you’re the
plaintiff in this here case, I’m figgerin’ that
you’re goin’ to be on the square. An’ I
hope you bears up through this tryin’ ordeal
with calmness an’ fortitude. Was you ever
married?”

  “I was,” admits Doc. “Back in Montana
in ’76 I was married to a widder for more’n
two months.”

  “That was nice,” the Pig beams.

  “You’re a liar! It was fierce!” Doc
explodes.

  “Well, anyway,” the Pig allows, “you
got more or less savvy of married life. That
makes you competent to sustain what I’m
goin’ to prove.

  “Your honor, I’m goin’ to show that this
white-livered client of mine is plumb justi-
fied when he declines to buy chips in this
matrimony game.

  “I’m goin’ to prove that marriage is a
brace game wherein the wheel is fixed to
stop on any number that carries the lady’s
chips.

  “I’m goin’ to point out that any time a
ladv leads a gent to the altar she’s inveiglin’
him into a lifetime session where she holds
four aces an’ a pick-handle ag’in’ his bob-
tail straight all the time. He can’t win.

  “Moreover, we leave the Countess, who
is sure enough a fine woman an’ a real lady
an’ a heap too good for this fool Tommy,
plumb out of this trail from now on. I’m
certain this court departs from the estab-
lished customs of our spotless judiciary an’
refuses to drag any lady’s name unduly
into the public view. Instead we picks on
her proxy, who is a tough old pelican, with-
out hardly no feelin’ nohow; an’ we lays
bare his married life an’ proves thereby that
man breaks the most trail when mush in’
alone.”

  “Go ahead, you brayin’ jackass,” old
Doc invites. “Help yourself.”

  Acceptin’ his own invitation, he drags
out his bottle" an’ lowers the high-mark
about two inches.

  “An’ let’s see who wins out,” he adds,
stowin’ the hooch away in his shirt.

  “I object to the plaintiff a-drinkin’ alone

in open court this way,” the Pig protests,
his mouth waterin’. “I asks the court to
confiscate this old sot’s bottle.”

  This request makes a big hit with Hank,
who starts toward old Doc immediate.

  “Just a minute,” the old man advises,
pointin’ his finger at the advancin’ judge.
“Anybody that tries to bereave me of this
here bottle is goin to lose a heap of good
red meat. Besides you ought to be ashamed
of yourself, a-tryin’ to lay your big rough
hands on a lady,” he tells Hank, grinnin’.

  Hank sits down.

  “Go on with the case,” he orders, lookin’
kin da red and foolish.

  “Tell the court,” the Pig commands,
“how come you to get hitched up to this
widder lady?”

  “How do I know?” Doc counters. “She
up an’ marries me same as all them females
picks out a weaklin’ an’ hog-ties him.”

  “Was you happy any, durin’ the time
you was spliced?” the Pig queries.

  “Not me,” Doc denies. “But I thought
I was.”

  “Fine,” the Pig commends. “Now then,
what ends your married bliss?”

  “A bull-whacker from Fort Benton,”
Doc replies. “That spouse of mine grabs
this here bull-freighter an’ six hundred
dollars of my money an’ pulls out overland
for Omaha. But I done hear afterward
that this bull-proddin’ gent gets away the
second day out.”

  “Fair enough. I’m glad to hear it,” the
Pig murmurs. “Now from what you done
said I concludes that you regards marriage
as a snare an’ a pitfall an’ that you don’t
approve of same. An’ I’m askin’ you, am
I right?”

  “About half,” Doc qualifies. “I’m with
you on the snare an’ pitfall part; but at
that I heartily approves of the wedded
state. Nothin’d give me more happiness
an’ joy than to see you an’ five or six more
sap-heads that I could name hitched for
life to a strong-minded, energetic, venturin’
gal like the one what harpooned me. I
approves of such a state of affairs so strong
that I hereby wishes you all jes’ that kind
of luck, an’ I now drinks to such a hallowed
contingency,” he declares, reachin’ for his
bottle.

  But the law can’t stand no more. The
judge, the clerk an’ both attorneys is on
their feet simultaneous with the appear-
ance of Doc’s hooch.
Goo Lash

.*43

  “I object!” Tom Drew yells. “I asks the
court to stop this here old goat from tor-
turin’ all hands this a way.”

  “Hang him!” pleads Missouri, unrebuked.
“You-all knows better than to act up like
you’re doin’,” says Hank, scowlin’ mighty
mean. “What’s the big idea, tryin’ to
undignify this here court of the people?”
he asks, nice an’ cold.

  “I ain’t never felt none better since ’76,”
Doc explains. “An’ I blames this bottle.
Therefore I aim to imbibe the rest of this
here rejuvenatin’ elixir an’ do this plaintiff
job right.”

  “Leave the stand!” Hank roars. “You
miserable old wolf, you sets up there in
plain sight of this court an’ anoints your
gullet time after time without once offerin’.
What do you-all mean? You take jes’ one
more solo drink out of that bottle an’ I
comes down there an’ yanks out the long
half of your wish-bone!”

  “I thanks you for them words,” old Doc
replies, smooth as oil. “I now perceives
that I’m even an’ maybe a few blue chips
ahead. I told you-all short-horns to leave
me be,” he reminds, movin’ over into the
crowd.

  “Aside from the fact that you-all has
acted like a regular lawyer by askin’ a lot
of fool questions an’ bringing out a heap of
stuff that ain’t got no bearin’ whatever on
this case, I don’t see where we’re any
noticeable distance from the startin’-point,”
Hank says to the Pig, evenin’ up for what
old Doc done to him.

  “You done noble, an’ the court con-
gratulates you,” he adds, spillin’ his grouch
all over the scowlin’ Pig. “Now, as the
defense has done had a crack at the plaintiff
the prosecution will take a shy at the de-
fendant. That way we follows the rules an’
the law, an’ we evens things up. After that
the jury gets instructed. Proceed,” he
orders, glarin’ at old Doc.

 “Tommy Andrews,” Tom Drew calls.

gjSSp TOMMY turns as red as a moose-
liver. Then in less’n a minute he
mSSm fades to the pale, pure hue of a new
of a new snow-bank. He sure looks sick.
Understand, the boy ain’t scared none, but

the poor-is sure feelin’ mighty bad.

  He weaves over to the witness-box an’
sits down like he’s plumb tired out. Could
he get it, the remains of Doc’s bottle is
plainly what he needs. He looks so plumb

miserable that a wave of sympathy or some-
thin’ seems to roll over the whole room, for
even the prosecutin’ attorney foregoes his
bullyin’ p’erogatives an’ opens up on
Tommy with a soothin’ mildness that’s
pleasant to see.

  “You-all,” he addresses Tommy, “is
charged with persuadin’ a lady to promise
to marry you an’ then refusin’ to go through
with said contract yourself. You know
how this camp regards a good woman. As
you ain’t goin’ to be fit for hardly nothin’
if this charge is proved ag’in’ you, I’m
askin’ you to tell the court an’ the camp
how come you to make this awful misplay.
You surely understand that you can’t go
Lotharioin’ around this way without a heap
of potent reasons. So shoot! She’s your
deal.”

  “I’m guilty,” Tommy acknowledges,
losin’ no time. “An’ I’m not holdin’ you-
all to that promise that Rory done made to
the Countess. All I asks is that you listen
to me first. When I’m through explainin’, I
swallers whatever dose you mix up for me,
an’ I sure try not to make no faces when she
goes down.

  “I’m here to admit that I sure was a
puffed-up toad when I win that lady away
from this whole camp. I’m truly a proud
and happy hombre.

  “I figger out that I outluck everybody on
the whole river; an’ I want you-all to know
that so far as the lady is concerned, personal,
I still feel that same way, only more so.
There ain’t no sweeter, nor better, nor
purtier woman nowheres. She’s nothing
less than a heart flush, royal.

  “But, gentlemen, I don’t know hardly
nothin’ about the gentler sex, an’ believe
me, knowin’ ’em counts! I’m free to con-
fess that in handlin’ this affair I made one
whale of a mistake.

  “If I ain’t so blamed anxious to spend all
the whole time hoverin’ around my prospec-
tive wife, I no doubt pulls off a marriage
all ignorant an’ happy, an’ this trial ain’t
never on the cards. But no—I got to
satisfy my longin’ for her company by
persuadin’ her to let me board at her table.
An’ believe me, gentlemen, that’s where T
done guessed wrong. She mighty near
killed me in less’n two weeks.”

  “Do you accuse this lady of plottin’
murder?” Hank.thunders.

  “Not intentional, but she might as well,”
Tommy declares. “There’s me, as love-sick
144

Adventure

as a yearlin’ calf, bound down by my own
request to feed off that lady’s table three
times a day forever an’ ever, with no chance
or right to quit or complain, compelled to
swaller them awful concoctions that she
makes, world without end, amen. An’ I
endures it day after day an’ comes back
smilin’ an’ quiverin’ with fear, meal after
meal.

  “Ask the other boarders,” he begs.

  “I know I done a fearful wrong—twice,”
he acknowledges. “I hurts a good woman’s
feelin’s, an’ I plays the quitter. But nothin’
you can do to me equals by half the mere
thought of eatin’ that grub three times
every day,” he chokes.

  “Whatever was the matter with this here
grub?” Tom Drew inquires.

  “Everything,” Tommy asserts. “She
maybe cooks all right over in Poland; but
here her grub is nothin’ less’n poison! While
them other boarders is there it ain’t so
unbearable bad; but once they resigns an’
she gets me alone, - is sure let loose!

  “She switches clean off of regular fodder
an’ feeds me nothin’ but the favorite tidbits
of them home-folks of hers, an’ it’s my be-
lief that they’re a zinc-lined lot of wahoos!
The first dinner I eat alone with her she
springs what she calls a surprize. She takes
a hunk of moose-meat, a lot of onions an’
maybe three or four cans of red pepper, an’
she brews a mulligan what she christens
‘Goo Lash.’

  “When I first taste this here mash I think
the recipe is maybe mistaken; but to please
the cook I take on a liberal allowance,
though it mighty near kills me to do it.
It was jes’ nacherally awful. Afterward
I got to drink more’n a pint of hooch to
stop the burnin’ in my innards.”

  “What you kickin’ about?” Missouri in-
terrupts. “ ’Pears to me any grub that
acts thataway is mighty near ideal.”

  “You try mixin’ red pepper with Rory’s
hooch,” Tommy urges.

  “ ’Nother time, she meets me on the
street an’ she’s all smiles,” he continues.
“She’s jes’ discovered that Jack’s got a kit
of salt herrin’ in the warehouse, which I
personal know them herrin’s has been in
camp for four years. She confides to me
that I’m in for another palate-ticklin’
jamboree.

  “An’ what can I do? I got to go to

supper an’ eat them --herrin’s an’ say

I	like ’em! An’ when I says that, she gets

plumb tickled an’ makes me eat some more!
Gentlemen, it was jes’ plain-.”

  He’s almost cryin’.

  “An’ how do you reckon she maltreats
them herrin’s?” he asks. “Them not bein’
bad enough as they are, she boils the salt
outen ’em, an’ then she dishes ’em up covered
with a gravy made outa molasses!” he fairly
yells. “She made me eat dried cabbage
cooked in vinegar an’ sugar! She put raisins
in the soup! I’m a wreck! I ain’t goin’
to take no more chances!” he vows, hollerin’
at the top of his voice.

  Without doubt these statements is sure
enough serious.

  “The court admits,” says Hank, weighin’
his words careful, “that what you says
changes the bettin’ quite a little. I’ve done
heard that them Polanders is mighty ruck-
shus an’ all the time fightin’, an’ I believes
it. If they feed on such grub as you de-
scribes they nacherally feels a heap sore at
everybody. Moreover, without meanin’ no
disrespect I’m convinced that the Countess
needs a lot of remodelin’, culinary.

  “But that don’t bring us no nearer to the
end of the trail.

  “You admits that you turn this lady down
cold after she consents to become your wife,
an’ for that we all knows there ain’t no
excuse, no time, nowheres, nor no fit punish-
ment. Therefore, since any more argu-
ment by either side is plumb futile, there
ain’t nothin’ more to say, so the court now
charges the jury.

  “You gentlemen—” turnin’ to the jury—
“will now retire to the warehouse; an’, fol-
lowin’ the manner of juries, you will pay no
attention to nothin’ except your own per-
sonal feelin’s, an’ arrive at a verdict ac-
cordin’. But the court hopes that you will
figger out some kind of a punishment fitten
for this here Tommy—somethin’ that makes
him a little slower in pledgin’ his word to
women an’ that also pays him for the wrong
he done. An’ to make sure you so do, the
court will accompany you an’ wield a
guidin’ hand during your deliberations.”

  “You can’t do it! I object! You’re
crazy!” Tom Drew hollers all in one breath.

  “Me too!” the Pig shouts. “What kind
of a fool court is this here? Ain't you never
been nowheres? I thought you-all said this
was a regular court. Don’t you know
nothin’? That jury goes out an’ deliberates
alone! This here is ridiculous!” he declares,
turnin’ to the jury for support.
Goo Lash

145

  “You bet it is!” Hank snaps. “An’ you
take jes’ one more wallop at the dignity of
this court an’ it becomes tragic! Lemme
inform you of somethin’. This court
adjourns to the warehouse with the jury.
The law specific pervides that when votin’
out a verdict the jury must retire from the
courtroom. We’re goin’ to obey the law.
An’ I’m goin’ along to see that she’s
obeyed.”

  “All right,” Tommy Drew agrees. “Then
I’m goin’.”

  “That includes me,” the Pig chips in.

  “No objection whatever,” Hank rules.
“More’n that, the court invites the spec-
tators to accompany us. This camp is
proud of its judicial establishment, an’ we
ain’t got nothin’ to conceal. Long as the
jury obeys the law by retirin’, there ain’t
no rule to keep us from goin’ along.”

  When all hands is inside the warehouse
Hank locks the door. Then the jury, as-
sisted by both attorney’s an’ the spectators,
groups up an’ starts discussin’ what they’ll
do with the defcnant.

  The only ones that don’t offer no advice
nor suggestions is Hank an’ Tommy. Them
two stands off to one side, silent, as is right
an’ proper.

  Finally, everybody havin’ expressed his
opinion, the jury votes into a hat, writes
the result down an’ announces to Hank that
they’ve done agreed.

  Hank unlocks the door, an’ we all file
back into the store. Soon as we’re settled,
Hank reads the paper one of the jury hands
him.

  “You’re lucky,” he informs Tommy.
“You sure get more’n you deserve. Listen
here:

  “We, the jury in the case of Tommy Andrews
an’ the Countess an’ Doc Hatch, finds a verdict
in favor of the defendant, as follows:

    You marry the Countess—

     Or you donate fifty ounces of dust
     to the Misson—

    Or both.

     Time limit, six o’clock tomorrow night.

                             The jury.”

  “This sure is a complete and fillin’
verdict,” Hank praises, “an’ the court here-
by thanks an’ fires the jury. An’ I want
to say further that all hands is satisfied an’
happy.”

  “Who’s happy?” Tommy howls. “Don’t
you include me in them fool remarks or
I’ll forgit myself an’ bust you wide open!”

  he whoops. “Say, you empty chucks of
nothin’s, what’s the matter with you-all?”
he demands, turnin’ to the jury. “Whatever
is you sizzlin’ lunatics tryin’ to pull off on
me? Hain’t I jes’ told you-all about that
grub? Ain’t that enough? An’ how in
heck am I goin’ to accomplish that three-
way verdict?

  “S’pose she won’t marry me? If she
don’t, I gotta potlatch more’n eight hun-
dred dollars to the Mission for them to
waste a-learnin’ a bunch of mangy Siwashes
how to read. An’ if she won’t marry me
an’ I don’t spill fifty ounces in the Mission
kitty, I gotta do both.

  “You’re crazy! You’re gettin’ bug-
houser every minute! I jes’ nacherally
won’t do nothin’! Whadda you mean, ‘or
both?’ ” he screeches.

  “Son,” says Hank, real gentle and kind,
“you’re all excited an’ het up. You been
through a considerable lot of happiness an’
tribulation lately, an’ that’s why I won’t
remind you that jes’ a little while ago you
stated that you’d drink the dose we’d mix
for you without kickin’. You're goin’ to
do jes’ that, I know.

  “But I want to call to your mind a couple
of facts you’ve overlooked. Anybody can
do wrong. Any jury can assess punishment
which the law will enforce, an’ any fool can
serve out a sentence.

  “Now, son, right here’s where you’re
plenty fortunate. Every man on the jury
that tried you has done been seasoned an’
mellowed by hard knocks an’ a rough trail.
They’re sure aged in wood an’ a hundred
proof—all of ’em. They sticks you with a
sentence that looks like the pattern of a
lace tidy on the family sofy, it’s that com-
plicated. They sure makes it hard for
you—an’ you got it cornin’. But you’re
goin’ through with it like you said you
would, an’ you’re goin’ to find the way your
own self.

  “Now listen: When you finish”up with
this play, you’re goin’ to be big winner an’
more’n satisfied. That’s all. All hands
now adjourn to the Pioneer, where the first
drink is on the Emperor of Chiny. Court’s
closed.”

OF COURSE we lets him alone—
strictly; but just the same every man
in camp sees Tommy go ploddin ’over
to the Countess’ cabin next mornin’.

  He’s there maybe an hour, an’ when he
146

Adventure

comes away it don’t take no medicine-man
to guess that she’s turned him down. The
poor wampus heads straight for the Mission,
crawlin’ along slow an’ thoughtful, like he’s
packin’ his whole Winter’s outfit on his
back. It’s a mortal cinch that the mis-
sionary an’ them no-’count Injuns is about
to annex fifty ounces of Tommy’s hard-
earned dust. It’s mighty near too bad, but
Hank an’ that jury knows a thing or two.

  When Tommy comes out of the Mission
door the missionary is with him, an’ the
two of ’em points straight for the Countess’
teepee. They’re in there maybe an hour.
Then Tommy, the missionary an’ the Coun-
tess comes out an’ mushes over to the store.
Right away all hands does the same.

  It’s amazin’ how everybody has got to
hurry out to buy somethin’ they don’t need
an’ never thought of before.

’MEMBER me sayin’, a while back,
that ’most everybody gets a even
break purty near all the time? Well,
listen:

  Soon as all hands is inside the store, the
missionary gets up on the counter an’ makes
a wah-wah.

  “My friends,” he says, smilin’, “Mr. An-
drews has jes’ presented to our cause the
sum of fifty ounces. In the name of our
little Mission I thanks him—an’ you. Mr.
Andrews explains to me his reason for this
generous gift, but I thanks him jes’ the
same. Fifty ounces is fifty ounces. More-

over, I understands fully all the other
reasons that leads up to this donation.

  “Now, my friends, it’s my job to lend a
helpin’ hand whenever I gets a chance. An’
believe me, gentlemen, this here is a lulu
of a opportunity. Understandin’ that Mr.
Andrews’ sole an’ only reason for reniggin’
on his promise to this lady was her inability
to—er—prepare food accordin’ to his super-
stition an’ beliefs, I suggested that he, Mr.
Andrews, engage the services of Maggie
By-an’-by, a most estimable Injun girl who
has been reared in our Mission an’ who is a
first-class cook, American plan. I am
pleased to say that my suggestion was
adopted an’ carried out. After which we
calls on the Countess, an’ Mr. Andrews,
assisted by me, renews his suit.

  “I frankly tells the lady that there can
be no further trouble about fodder as Miss
By-an’-by is a grub-preparin ’ marvel. After
listenin’ to the proper amount of pleadin’
this splendid lady has done agreed to the
status quo ante helium, an’ our little party
is now here to finish the job.

  “That’s all—except that before I ties these
two lovin’ hearts together I makes a pot-
latch.

  “Not feelin’ inclined to retain any money
presented to me under unduer pressure, I
hereby hands the Countess these fifty
ounces as a weddin’ present from the Mis-
sion an’ the camp. An’ eight hundred dol-
lars is eight hundred dollars.”

  Then he marries ’em.
Author of “The Swordsman,” “The Green Devil,” etc.

THERE could be no doubt about
it any longer—the boy must go.
He ought to have been driven
forth before. Possibly if the
father had foreseen this hour he would
have killed this, the biggest of all his sons,
at birth. Now, however, the hunting was
getting worse and worse from day to day;
traveling was becoming more difficult; the
wolves were taking most of the game, and
the birds of prey the rest, it seemed.

  There was scarce food to be found for
himself, and, perhaps, the mother, whose
hunting-grounds lay to the eastward, and
there was no more room in that part of the
world for the boy at all.

  But the boy was full grown—there was
the rub; and from what his father had
learned of him not one given to obeying his
commands readily.

  The boy, be it mentioned, was a long,
sinuous shape, muffled to the eyes in most
exquisite soft fur, crouched upon a snow-
laden bough above. He was a European
lynx really; but he looked, with his cynical
mask fixed in a set grin, more like a
fiend.

  He was mostly long, furry legs, and huge,
padded feet; thirty-nine inches was his
length—not counting an idiotic bob-tail of
eight inches; isabellin gray was his color;
inscrutable were his green-yellow cat’s eyes;

and diabolically cruel was his bearded face.
For the rest, he was a feline of the felines;
furtive, silent, and mysterious. Obviously,
such a beast was not lightly to be, so to
speak, shown the door.

  Then the domestic argument began, and
a traveler, had there been one so unfor-
tunate, passing through the snowed-up
silence of the forest at that moment, would

have imagined that all the fiends in -

inhabited it. Indeed, the yells, groans and
spittings were beyond description of any
pen. One would have said that at the
least a dozen furies were doing one another
to death brutally.

  As a matter of fact, the father was only
bounding to a bough, rebounding to an-
other, and turning up at last, pressed flat,
upon the bough upon which, farther along,
his big son crtmched.

  The noises represented simply the two
trying to frighten each other; for the cat,
from the lion down, is a strategist of the
first water, and, though no coward, will
seldom fight till all other methods of gain-
ing victory have been exhausted.

  At last slowly they sank till the snow
seemed almost to swallow them. Then
they sprang, and the son passed clean over
his father, striking wickedly down in mid-
air.

  They landed, and were instantly at each

147
14B

Adventure

other again. Then over they rolled, fight-
ing like demons, the son undermost. It
looked now like a snow grave for him; but
he roweled with his hind claws and with all
the power of his long hind legs.

  From this devil’s clinch the two of them
rebounded ten seconds later—clearing them-
selves as cats alone can—rather redder than
when they went into it.

  The son had a hole in his shoulder—a red
stream down his right forepaw staining the
perfect purity of the snow—and a gash over
the left eye. His father had a clean scarlet
gridiron on his right flank, a tear on the
left hind leg, and a crimson belly. Neither
looked exactly like show pussies, so to speak.

  For two minutes those sinister, secret
ones of the wild glared at one another, never
moving a muscle. And during that time
they worked out two facts in their subtle
feline brains. Firstly, they had fought to
live. Secondly, they must surely die if
they fought longer, for they were too well
matched for any other decision.

  Then the son imperceptibly took a step
back and finally off, insolent, deliberate, and
intractable. He had gone at last—driven
from home to fend for himself.

  Half an hour later and about a quarter
of a mile away eastward, a bull moose—
they called him elk in that land—straddling
and bending down a sapling for the brows-
ing of his supper, turned his gigantic-
antlered head suddenly, and stared with
little, keen eyes at the rigid, fading per-
spective of t rees around him.

  He saw nothing, and he heard nothing.
Yet, being a wild creature, he felt that he
was not alone any longer. His instinct
whispered that he was being watched; and,
be it mentioned, he who in the wild watches
Citizen Bull Moose at close quarters does
so with his life in pawn.

  Still, such was the watcher’s skill in
woodcraft that it is doubtful whether the
bull moose, suddenly leaving his meal and
advancing with a threatening swing of his
five-foot antlers, would ever have found him
if a raven, black as a wicked thought, flap-
ping above the tree-tops on some rogue’s
errand or other, had not come to help him,
and, settling, barked down vile language
at the young lynx, belly flat and rigid,
behind a tree-stump.

  Not until the moose, his hoofs clicking
like castanets as he strode high in the snow,
was almost towering over him, did the lynx

move a hair. Then he went straight up
the nearest tree as if he had been shot there,
and the raven shifted out of that tree as if
his life depended upon his quickness in quit-
ting, which, knowing the lynx, it possibly
did.

  Nothing puts the cat folk into a more
evil temper than the ceaseless efforts of all
the bird people to advertise their vicinity,
and so annul their best-laid plans for con-
cealment. Cats simply loathe being shown
up, and the bird folk spend a great deal of
their time in showing them up.

  The moose stood towering against the
tree-trunk, staring up at him. The lynx,
himself flat along a horizontal bough, glared
down at the moose.

   Then suddenly his attention was diverted.
Quick as thought, his baleful glance had
shifted, and he was staring into the branches.
Something had moved there, something that
his sinister presence had made move. A
little lump of snow fell with a soft sigh.
Another, higher up. It was invisible, that
something. It was a wild creature, which
was keeping the trunk between it and the
lynx as it climbed.

  Presently came a little commotion. It
seemed as if some wandering eddy of wind
had sprung up, stirring the branches, caus-
ing little lumps of snow to fall from several
places at once. But there was no wind.

  The climber, whoever he was, must have
caused that tiny commotion, for he stopped,
and the lumps of snow ceased to fall.

  There followed a pause, during which the
lynx remained still as a beast run into a
mold—all part and parcel of the bough he
was on.

  Then the climber began his invisible up-
ward course again, and the commotion was
redoubled, but albeit most stealthily.

  Then the lynx saw, and, seeing, under-
stood.

  It seemed as if some bird, till then in-
visible, had silently left the top of the tree
and sailed on a descending slant to the next,
where upon arrival it vanished as suddenly
as it had taken shape. Another followed.
A third glided to another tree. A fourth
shot from branch to branch of the tree he
was on. Each as soon as it landed went
out, so to speak, with the same mysterious
suddenness with which it had come into
being. None of them made a sound.

  They just appeared, trapezed across the
sky, and vanished—utterly, like ghosts.
The Hungry World

149

Impossible almost, in the dim snow-haze, to
say what they were, if one did not know.
But the lynx knew. They were squirrels.
Quite by chance he had happened in the
midst of a band of squirrels migrating in
search of food.

  But the invisible climber? Who was he?
He was certainly death, or the squirrels
would not have “broken their freeze"’
before him in that fashion, and given them-
selves away to the lynx.

  But what death? There were many in
that forest, all cruel, all mysterious and
nearly all hidden. The fact that he had
gone up, however, and not “frozen” or gone
down, suggested that he was at least a
lesser death than the lynx.

  Upon that deduction the lynx acted.

HE DID not so much move along
that branch as coax himself to the
tree-bole. He peered cautiously
round, staring upward, and he surprized the
climber at its climbing. It was a long,
sinuous, exquisitely coated sable. It was
following the squirrels upon their migration,
for upon them it lived.

  Possibly they had not known that it
existed till the lynx, himself unknowing,
had surprised it at its stalking; just as the
raven and the bull moose had surprized the
lynx at his. Neither party concerned
looked pleased; the squirrels, being the most
likely to suffer, looking least pleased of all.

  Then the lynx acted. It was character-
istic of him, possibly of all cats, that he
delivered his ultimatum suddenly. Sur-
prize was the essence of his tactics. He
shot straight up the tree-bole at that sable
like a living gray bolt—with one clean,
cleaving spring.

  In the same instant the bull moose
snorted—nay, almost whistled—while a big
capercaillie three feet long, and sending
all his seventeen pounds’ weight along with
every ounce of power in his big wings,
hurtled above their heads.

  The effect of these two things, upon the
lynx especially, was extraordinary. He
heard them after he started his spring, and
he changed his mind. He seemed to twist
his whole body in midair, with a wrench
that was visible, and he came down again
upon the very spot that he had started
from, like some great india-rubber ball.

  He was just in time to hear a fox bark
a sudden, gutteral warning, to see the

sloping hindquarters and spreading, pal-
mated antlers of the moose fade swiftly into
the pigeon-blue-gray haze between the
ranked tree-boles, and to note that squir-
rels and sable alike had dissolved them-
selves, as if by magic, into nowhere.

  He rebounded, almost without touching it,
from the bough he had returned to, full ten
feel down to the ground, and then went
over the snow as hard as he could go, leap-
ing enormously.

  A wolf came by, going like the wind, and
a white hare passed also. Both were ob-
viously pressed for time, and took no notice
of each other.

  Some disturbance back behind made the
lynx glance over his shoulder as he bounded
from some death unknowrn which the action
of the other wild folk told him was greater
than he; and what he saw sent him up the
next tree. Three dogs were coming through
the forest, and dogs, he knew, spelled man
somewThere behind them.

  The dogs ran straight to the tree the lynx
had just left, and stopped. Then they
began to bay furiously, and their voices rang
through the forest.

  They knew their job, those dogs. They
had bayed the sable; his skin was money.
So did the lynx know his job; his skin was
money, too. He had become part of the
tree he was on apparently. He seemed to
have melted into the lines of the wood.

  Anon, to the dogs added itself the figure
of a man on a horse, galloping. He came
with the dusk in a raw, red light, subdued
and churchlike among the trees. He dis-
mounted and looked up the tree the sable
was on. Then he led his horse some dis-
tance aw'ay, returned, did something-
magic, for all the lynx knew, as he watched
with eyes that burned a faint green light—
in a circle which included both trees, called
the dogs off, retired among the tree-trunks,
and—faded into the dusk. He had gone,
presumably, without doing anything.

  The lynx waited half an hour, while the
forest remained as silent and lifeless as mid-
ocean, and he concluded that that man
presumably had not gone. Otherwise, why
did the giant eagle-owl in the next tree keep
up a soft and very, very faint “Hoo-hoo!
Hoo-hoo!” to warn his mate, who must be
somewhere about?

  And why, as the moon and the night
added themselves to the biting cold, did no
less than three white ghosts of wood hares,
150

Adventure

stealing up along their own packed and
trodden snow-paths, stop suddenly, sit like
stone carvings, and steal away again? The
hares could certainly not smell him, the
lynx, or the sable. There must be some
reason behind it all.

  At last the lynx’s quick eyes—burning
now dully in the night—marked the sable’s
lithe form slowly, stealthily coming down.
He was descending to follow his squirrels.
The man, by the way, had searched for the
squirrel-trail first, guessing he would find a
sable somewhere in attendance. He ob-
viously could not stay there all night; and
so thought the lynx. He, too, was begin-
ning to know the meaning of the word
“hunger.” It was long since he had fed.

  Moreover, what seemed safe enough for
the sable might be safe enough for him.

  He wanted to get away from that vicinity
badly. There was something wrong with
it; the eagle-owl was saying so in little
above a whisper, and all the wild knows
that the eagle-owl is a very wise bird.

  Cats have a way of arriving in places
without seeming to have got there, lynxes
especially, which is why the lynx was
visible—if a gray shadow can be called
visible—leaping away in his grotesque
fashion, bobbing among the trees.

  The sable was doing the same in the
opposite direction—probably unaware of
the lynx—but more gracefully, rippling
along with consummate ease.

  Then they stopped.

  It was a most extraordinary happening—
just for all the world as if they had run
each into a brick wall. And in the same
moment the whole of that silence rang with
bells.

  The two of them had not, of course, run
into any wall. They had run into a stout
net, hung with bells, which the hunter had
placed round the trees to entangle the sable
when he chose to come down; sables being
far too valuable merely to shoot or trap;
they must be taken unsoiled.

  The sable went mad, twisting himself up
hopelessly in the clinging horror he could
not see.

  The lynx went ten times mad, bouncing
about like some huge firework that had
gone off prematurely and was spitting and
exploding in momentary expectation of
blowing up utterly.

  Naturally the man and the dogs came
back at the gallop. The bells had called

them from where they were waiting near by.
But only one dog spotted and went for the
lynx. He, that great cat, had not been set
down in the program.

  Nor had the net been made to hold insane
lynxes. It did not hold him long. The
dog arrived just in time to see him break
away, bounding and capering crazily over
the snow, more or less wrapped up in such
part of the netting as had parted. He
looked like some dancing devil of the snow
and the night, cavorting in derision in the
face of the moon.

  Promptly that dog interviewed him for
five and a quarter seconds by the clock.
The man wondered what had happened,
and he left off securing the sable to grab
and cock his rifle. It was certainly a most
unearthly yell. It came from the dog, but
it might have come from anything on or
under the earth.

  The lynx said nothing. lie just went
away, bounding tremendously, bits of torn
netting flapping behind him like pennons,
and frightening him nearly into a fit. The
dog did not go with him, or anywhere else.
It had gone already into the next world, in
fact, and the man found it lying, bitten and
clawed to death, upon the snow.

  No beasts on earth perhaps can beat the
cat tribe in the matter of speed—for the
first few hundred yards certainly; but they
are sprinters, not stayers, and need time to
get their second wind.

  The lynx, with his bounding gait, covered
the first few hundred yards also at a speed
that left the other dogs behind. Then he
stopped to glare back, his thin, tufted ears
folded down, his whole expression literally
fiendish, and to shake his paws, cat fashion,
to rid himself of the incubus of the net.

  But suddenly he half-turned his head,
quivered, and seemed like a stone. It was
evident that he was listening to some other
sound besides the barking of the dogs; some
other sound which possibly he alone could
hear.

  Then, as if Fear himself rode him, that
lynx ceased to exist in that place; and half
an hour laler, traveling always eastward, he
stopped dead.

  Something in a hurry was approaching
him-—something leaping high along in great,
grotesque leaps, with eyes aflame and jaws
agape. It was upon him in an instant,
almost colliding with him. It erupted a
volley of snarls, shot into the air and to
Joe Monkeyface

one side, striking, with claws hooked and
cruel, almost as swiftly as he dodged, and
rocketed from sight up a tree.

  He had just time to give vent to a shriek,
which sounded appalling, but was the lynx
way of shouting, “Friend!”—just time to
notice that the climber was a female lynx,
when the moonlit dark all about him filled
with hurrying shadows, and with eves, like
green fairy-lamps, in pairs. Just time had
he to note these things and to leap for his life.

  Few beasts but a lynx perhaps could have
taken that leap, and fewer still could have
got to the end of it—alive.

 He was conscious only dimly as he
whirled through the icy air of a rush, of the
clashing of jaws that gleamed, of eyes that
shone, leaping up at him, of ringing muzzles
all but brushing his tucked-up hind legs,
and of a confused medley of snarls and the
hustle of bodies.

  Then he landed upon the tree, spun upon
himself, to slash at a sharp, wet snout leap-
ing up and breathing hotly almost in his
face, bounded upward again, and stopped

to look down upon the heaving flanks, wav-
ing tails, and steaming, sharp snouts of the
baffled wolf-pack below.

  For a long forty seconds he regarded
them, then turned his head slowly to stare
at a form, sleek, silent, and mysterious,
that had slid up, like a gray ghost, beside
him. It was, though he did not know it,
his half-sister, and she had just been driven
out of her home by their mother, whom she
also had fought, and so, being wounded,
had drawn unto herself the famishing wolf-
pack on her blood trail.

  And after that—well, what did even a
wolf-pack matter after that in the face of
the great little god, Love? The former
could not climb, and were at full liberty to
go anywhere they liked. Both lynxes bent
down insolently and told them so in choice
lynx language. One could have heard them
do it half a mile away. And the giant
eagle-owl, passing swiftly and silently over
their heads at that moment, laughed “Hoo-
hoo! Hoo-hoo!” as if he understood, which
perhaps he did.

J‘

oeJVjbivkeyf^ee

      CAPTAIN DINGLE

Author of “Tides of Hate,” “The Burial of Billy," etc.

THE shipping-master looked up from
his papers wearily, for the crew he
had just signed on had topped
all records for helpless, hopeless
imbecility.

“That’s the lot, captain,” he said, blotting
the last entry.

“Hold on; one more, sir.”

Captain Deshay peered over the heads of
his shuffling mob.

“Here, you!” he called, beckoning toward
the remotest corner of the room.

  “The boy,” he remarked as the official
took up his pen.

  A gangling youth, of age absolutely un-
guessable and appearance beyond describing,
shambled forward with the aspect of a ter-
rifically beaten cur.

  “Stand up, lad, stand up! What’s scaring
you?” the skipper tried to soothe him. “Up
with your head and stick out your chest like
a he man, can’t you?”

^“Yes, sir,” whined the youth, and hung
his head lower.

“Jot Monkeyfacecopyright 1922, by A. E. Dingle.
152

Adventure

  “What’s your name?” snapped the im-
patient official.

  The lad hesitated, stammering word-
lessly.

  “Come, your name, man!”

  “Joe—Joe—Joe Monkeyface, sir, and I’ll
dance if you won’t hit me, sir!”

  The wretched travesty on humanity
shuffled clumsily with his feet, whimpering
fearfully. In the crowd of boozy outward-
bounders, impatient to get their advance
notes and embark upon a final cruise of the
knocking-shops, a drunken guffaw burst
forth, stopped sharply by Captain Deshay.

  “Last ship?” asked the official.

  Joe Monkeyface shivered, but answered
nothing.

  “Don’t worry him, sir,” said the skipper
gently. “Just sign him on. Shilling a
month. I’m taking him for a hobby. Never
been afloat before. I’m going to find out
what story lies behind that whipped-dog
appearance. Ever see anything like him?
I never did.”

  “Wasting your time, cap’n,” returned the
official crisply, and began to clear his desk.

  The crew passed out, and Captain Deshay
took Joe Monkeyface and fed him, bought
a few clothes for him, and put him in a secure
place until he could take him to the ship
when his own business was completed.

WHEN the MUtiades warped out
of the East India Docks, bound for
Melbourne, it was the dockers and
riggers who hauled the lines and passed the
tow-rope. Riggers set topsails and head-
sails before leaving in the tug, and the ship
was left to bucket and wallow under short
canvas in the chop and churn of the Nore
until her sweating officers could hammer
animation into the human hogs in the fore-
castle.

  Through all the chaos of a night-tide
sailing, a cringing, whimpering figure fled
from side to side and end to end of the
vague expanse of rope-tangled deck, dodging
every moving man as if expecting a blow.
It was the newly promoted second mate who
at last tucked Joe Monkeyface snugly out
of harm’s way in the potato locker.

  Mr. Earl was of a sunny nature ordinarily.
The pride of his first responsibility as a
watch officer, plus the surge of high pulsing,
healthy blood in his arteries, sufficed to
keep him elated and cheery even in the
midst of such a limbing and laming job as

that night sailing proved, and still retain
sufficient human kindliness to see the help-
lessness of Joe.

  “Don’t hit me, sir!” whined Joe, and as if
forced by long custom his feet began to
shuffle on the planks.

  “Hit you?” laughed Earl. “Lord love
you, sonny, I couldn’t hit a ball with a bat
just now, I feel so fine. Hop in here, lad.
No place for the like of you on deck.”

  With the mate to assist the spanker was
hauled out next, and the captain himself
held the wheel.

  “All right,” the skipper said when Earl
would have taken the wheel, the spanker
sheets belayed. “Carry on, you two, and
try to rouse out that bunch of drunks.
Where’s the lad?”

  “In the spud-locker, sir,” grinned Earl,
uncertain how his custodianship would be
received.

  “Skulking?”

  “No, sir. I shoved him in there to get
him out of the way. Looked like getting
hung in the bight of a rope, sir.”

  “H’m! Best thing you could do,”
grunted Captain Deshay. “As you come
aft from the fo’csle, bring the lad along.
I want to give him a talking to before turn-
ing him adrift among the wolves for’ard.”
Whatever the nature of the talk was, Joe
Monkeyface entered the forecastle of the
Miltiades with at least a show of manhood.
It was four o’clock in the morning before
watches were picked and half the men sent
below, so that Joe, who was a day man,
and had all night in—when he was lucky—
encountered none of his mates except as
tangible blots on the darkness until he was
turned-to at four bells to join the clean-up
and wash-down party on deck.

  Then, after swallowing a pannikin of
scalding beverage which the ship’s stores
list misnamed coffee, but which was pure
nectar to him, Joe stepped out to his first
encounter with the realities of the sea, and
into the arms of a broom-laden able seaman
who abruptly dropped his brooms and
clapped his hand to his thigh with a crack
like a pistol-shot. It was the seamim who
had uttered that appreciative guffaw in the
shipping-office at hearing Joe’s given name.

  “Hully sailor! Here’s the monk, lads!”
he roared, and then crouched before Joe,
whose terrors had all resurged upon him.
“Dance, blast yuh, dance!”

  Like an automaton Joe shuffled his feet,
Joe Monkeyface

153

his hang-dog face turned fearfully toward
the seaman. There was a certain rhythm
in his shufflings, but also a decided sug-
gestion of numbing terror which made his
movements sheerly automatic.

  “Dance, yuh funny-faced cowson!” swore
the seaman, known as Cardiff, and raised
his heavy hand over the cringing performer.

  Joe whined, and shuffled faster, but his
lips drew back from his teeth in a snarl,
the snarl of a beaten cur when further
beating is threatened.

  “Drop that, Cardiff!”

  The second mate burst in among the
grinning watch and seized Joe’s arm.

  “You didn’t ship to amuse a crowd of
sojering toughs, my lad,” he said kindly.
“Cardiff, pick up that gear and start the
head-pump. Have no more of this funny
business, or I’ll see what I can find you to
do in your watch below for a spell. Come
with me, Monkeyface.”

  Joe was put to work on the poop brass-
work, and gradually he assumed an aspect
of comparative security, though as the
watch scrubbed their way aft, and their
rough talk and laughter was heard clearly,
he would start and polish faster as if he
dreaded to be caught short of his work and
beaten again.

  Mr. Earl watched him closely, pacing
the weather side of the poop and passing
Joe every few moments, and as he took in,
feature by feature, the details of that
strangely unhandsome face and that bowed,
cowering figure that should have been full
of youthful buoyancy and sprightliness, he
marveled, as Captain Deshay had mar-
veled, what story lay back of it all. The
watch had finished scrubbing the maindeck
and were dragging their gear on to the poop,
when he stopped them.

“That’ll do,” he said. “Leave the poop
this morning. Get the running-gear in shape,
bosun, and make fast all boats and gear.”
To Joe Monkeyface he added, leading the
way—

  “Come along the monkey-bridge, Joe, and
clean the standard binnacle.”

  Safely beyond overhearing by the helms-
man, the second mate suddenly asked—
“What’s your real name?”

  “Joe Monkeyface, sir. Don’t hit me, sir;
I’ll dance.”

  A curious spasm passed over the officer’s
face, and he stared intently at the pitiful
figure. Joe’s expression might well have

baffled an older, wiser man than Earl, for
it was to outward appearance a composite
image of ape-like bestiality, inhuman cun-
ning, and whimpering submission. The thin
snarl at the lips might be anything from
stark cruelty to agonized apprehension.

  “Don’t speak of hitting,” Mr. Earl re-
turned shortly; “and I don’t want you to
dance. Listen, my lad: You had another
name once, didn’t you? What was it?”

 “Joe—Joe Monkey-”

  He stopped as he caught the second
mate’s eye.

  “I never heard no other name, sir,” he
whined.

  Joe’s lips drew back farther, revealing
broken, discolored teeth that had never
known a brush, and Mr. Earl experienced
a sensation of revulsion that routed his pity.
The rout was made utter when the curt
voice of Captain Deshay rang out on the
poop:

  “Mr. Earl! Come to yer duty, sir!”

  And when officer and captain met, the
commander’s face was dark with passion.

  “Mr. Earl,” he said, “you’ll leave that
lad alone, if ye please. I’ll let no man bait
him-”

  “I was only—” stammered Earl, con-
scious of his good intentions.

  “I saw what ye were doing. The lad’s
suffered enough. He’ll suffer more with the
crowd o’ barbarians we have for’ard. I’ll
not let the after-guard practise on him.
Remember that, now.”

SUNRISE after sunrise followed the
Miltiades out of the channel, and
into the emptiness of the sailing
routes of the Atlantic. What each sunrise
meant to Joe Monkeyface only he and his
Creator knew. When Cardiff chose to
hammer the lad, sending him on deck to
face the second mate with his snarling grin
painfully accentuated by cut lips, Mr. Earl
chose to ignore his hurts; for his own hurts
were sore yet, and would be for a long time,
after what the captain had told him.

  And yet Joe Monkeyface was not wholly
the whipped cur he appeared. There was
a morning, a dead, stinking morning, when
sea and skv had died and rotted from lack
of wind and the ship beat her heart out on
the slimy hillocks of blindingly glassy
wastes. Yards braced as tightly as wire
would hold them, and every bit of canvas
furled to save it from whipping itself to
154

Adventure

threads, it was a hot, reeking horror for the
“doctor” inside the galley.

  Joe passed along with the kids for break-
fast and reached the open door at a mo-
ment when the cook, lifting a heavy pot
of burgoo from the stove, slipped in the
grease of the floor and fell. He grappled for
the nearest hold as the scalding porridge
nipped his almost naked flesh, and brought
down in his fall a boiler of boiling salt water
waiting for the immersion of the salt horse
for the noon dinner of the other watch.

  The doctor’s yells were lusty enough to
bring every man within reach stampeding
to the door. That they hoped to find him
weltering in his dying gore perhaps ac-
counted for their alacrity; for ship’s cook
never went to sea in windjammers whose
life was not greatly desired by the majority
of the rabble he had to cook for.

  But Joe dropped his mess-kids with a
crash, burst in through the door, and, heed-
less of the searing, scalding mixture that
bit at his ankles, dragged out the cook and
dropped him on deck. When the watch
gathered around, Joe was standing shivering
with fear, mess-kids in hand, gazing down
at the spilled and spoiled burgoo that was
to have filled his dishes. Then he abruptly
tumbled to the deck, his scalded feet re-
fusing longer to sustain him, and by his fall
escaped the terrific wallop aimed at his head
by Cardiff, furious at the delay with his
food.

  “Can’t understand that boy at all,”
growled the captain as he rummaged in the
medicine-chest for unguents and bandages.

  “I can, I think sir,” returned Mr. Earl.
“Take a close look at his face, and you’ll
find that what you take to be pitiful is
simply currish meanness. I-”

  “Why, confound you!” Captain Deshay
stormed, glaring up at Earl. “You dare
speak like that of a lad who’s game enough
to go into boiling water for a greasy doctor?
I’ll, I’ll—, sir-”

  The abashed second mate muttered an
apology and took himself off on deck. He
had only heard of the cook’s mishap, and
now he was to find himself faced with an
amazing turn of events that must sway his
own feelings back again, for he greatly
loved a brave man.

  As Joe’s injuries slowly healed it was Mr.
Earl who made up in little kindnesses for
those days when he had allowed his mis-
judgment of the lad to influence his treat-

ment. When able to carry on with his work
again Joe had recovered vastly from his
earlier terrors, and the second mate took a
keener interest than even the captain seemed
to; and when one breezy afternoon Joe went
overboard without hesitation to save the
mangy ship’s cat Mr. Earl cast out of mind
any lingering doubt and set to work to dig
for the soul of the unlovely waif.

  That daring plunge into the sea, besides
causing a call for all hands to heave the ship
to and lower away a boat, showed that there
were some things at least incapable of bring-
ing the glare of terror into the eyes of Joe
Monkeyface. Not even when the ship was
sailing on, before heaving to, leaving him
astern in mid-sea with a clawing, spitting
yellow fury in one hand, did the lad’s face
show fear; rather the ugly features were
illuminated almost to beauty by a sort of
high courage that compared grotesquely
with his usual expression.

  “What ever made you so scared of a -
beating, Joe?” the second mate asked one
dog-watch.

  Joe was laboriously poring over a com-
pass card given him to study by the skipper;
and to keep himself clear of ribald inter-
ruption from the men, he was seated on the
poop bucket-rack. At the question the
lurking fear again crept into the lad’s face,
and he shivered.

  “You’re plucky enough in other things,”
pursued Mr. Earl. “You’re getting hard
as nails, too. Why don’t you set about
some of the brutes who keep after you?”

  Joe Monkeyface shivered more painfully
and made no reply. The compass card
dropped from his shaking fingers, and Mr.
Earl picked it up and handed it to him.
He tried another tack.

  “Tell me how vou got that queer name,
Joe.”

  The officer’s tone was kindly, and the
softly spoken words seemed to soothe some
of Joe’s fears. He shot a swift glance up-
ward at Mr. Earl’s face, then lowered his
head and said dully:

  “I never knowed no different name, sir.
Ain’t it a good ’un for the likes o’ me?”
Suddenly he raised his head again and
presented a full view of his beetle-browed
ugliness. In spite of his kindliness the
second mate smiled as the truth of Joe’s
remark went home.

  “I don’t think you can help your face,
Joe. Anyhow that name was never given
Joe Monkeyface

155

to you in kindness. Can’t you remember
any of your kid days? Don’t you remember
any father, or mother?”

  “Me father was ’ung, sir. Me mother,
I dunno if she was me mother. She used
to drag me around to the sojers’ barracks—
dunno what she went there for—and the
sojers used to call me Monkeyface, and she’d
laugh and tell me to dance for the pretty
gents. Then they’d give me pennies, and
she’d buy gin with ’em. So I wouldn’t
dance once, and she beat me. She got
locked up after that for drunk an’ dis-
orderly, so I kept on goin’ round dancin’.
But I never got no pennies, ’cause she
wasn’t there—only plenty o’ beatin’s.”

  Joe shuddered sharply at the memory,
and went on repeating his compass points
with painful perseverance. Mr. Earl
watched him narrowly, saw the healthy
tan of the sunny salt air and noted the
supple turn of back and shoulders which
even the grimy rag of a shirt could not
entirely conceal, then laughed as he con-
trasted Joe’s plucky rescue of the cook, and
his dive for a mangy cat, with his whipped-
dog aspect when fear of physical beating
obsessed him. He wondered now how he
ever mistook the pitiful expression of the
lad for inherent or acquired meanness, and
suddenly resolved to take upon himself
what he conceived to be Captain Deshay’s
intention, the development of this waif of
the city streets.

  “Listen, Joe,” he said, “when the men
have hammered you, didn’t you ever hit
back?”

   “No, sir.”

  The old whining note crept back into
Joe’s voice. His small eyes shone like a
cornered cat’s.

  “Shake yourself together, man!” snapped
Earl. “Listen. I want you to be a he-man,
Joe. I’ll stand by you. Next time Cardiff
or anybody else wallops you, just fly at his
face like a blooming wildcat and hammer
him with feet, fists, teeth, anything, until
he drops or quits.

  “Understand? Tt’s not the sort of scrap-
ping a man likes, but you’ve got to make a
beginning, Joe, and I want you just once
to see a man drop under your hands.
That’ll give you a whale of a lot of pluck,
and next time perhaps you’ll be able to
quit using your teeth, and later on your
feet. But first of all get the winning habit.
That’s all you want. Will you do it? If

you don’t, you’ll be a whipped dog all your
life.”

  “Yes, sir,” Joe replied huskily; but his
face went livid and out from it pallor stood
three dark seams, on either cheek-bone and'
across the low brow, which caused Mr. Earl
to catch him by the shoulders and turn his
face around to the sun.

  He peered hard at the dark lines, and
cursed fervidly.

  “Holy sailor! So that’s why you look so
crooked about the face, is it? Who ever
beat you like that, Joe?”

  “Me father, sir, when I was a kid, becos
I spilled a drop o’ beer I was fetchin’ for
’im, sir.”

  Mr. Earl was shocked. No wonder, he
thought, the poor devil was called Monkey-
face; but Nature never gave him such
warped features. No wonder, either, that
the lad cringed at thought of a blow upon
that battered face.

  “H’m! Well, Joe, nobody’s going to re-
peat anything like this. Your bones were
soft then. Anyhow if you don’t take one
chance pretty soon you’re going to smell

-for’ard there; and the worst part of the

passage is yet to come. Hit back, lad, hit
back.”

     I JOE MONKEYFACE hit back.
I wfLJ Cardiff cuffed him on general prin-
I 7mA \ ciples as he passed, and in a second
was encumbered with a panting, clawing,
glaring horror that clung with its legs and
tore with teeth and nails.

  Cardiff was no chicken-hearted tough,
he was a bully, but a courageous bully, and
when he got his breath back he set to work
to pound Joe off. It was not until the fight-
ing pair had torn through the crowd of
amazed seamen like a cyclone, and Joe’s
back was almost broken against the samson-
post, that Cardiff shook him off and finally
dropped him with a half-hearted punch in
the face.

  With the blow, weak though it was, Joe’s
fighting essay terminated; he fell away
whimpering, all his glorious frenzy gone
from him. But it was noticeable that
Cardiff didn’t follow up his advantages; and
it was remarked during the days that fol-
lowed that Cardiff refrained from baiting
the lad and regarded him furtively with a
sort of nervous uncertainty as if not at all
sure that the next encounter would be as
easily won.
Adventure

  As for Joe, he seemed unaware that he
had scored a partial victory. The memory
of that blow in the face lingered, and Mr.
Earl despaired of ever inducing a second
attempt at retaliation. Joe appeared not to
notice that he was left alone; but he saw
readily enough that he had displeased the
second mate, and even the captain looked
at him queerly.

  “Better let him sail his own traverse,
sir,” Earl told the captain. “The men
don’t seem so eager to pass him a wallop
since he chawed Cardiff’s ear half off, and
maybe he’ll find himself as time goes on and
he isn’t hammered so often.”

  “I believe you’re right,” Captain Deshay
rejoined. “The lad’s been too badly scared
to easily shake it off. How’s he getting on
with his work?”

  “Slowly, sir. He keeps what he gets, but
it takes him a long time to get it. Hasn’t
mastered the compass card yet, though he
knows a lot of the ropes. Seems that he
wants concrete examples for everything he’s
told. Put him on a rope and tell him the
name, and he remembers it; but point out
something out of reach and he can’t seem
to get it. I pointed out the catharpins to
him yesterday, and he don’t know them
from the catheads today.”

  Captain Deshay walked the poop for a
while in silence, glancing around the bright
horizon, sniffing keenly at the sharp air.
The bells were struck, a man passed to re-
lieve the wheel, and he wore a muffler. The
skipper smiled.

  “Mr. Earl, when that sort of shell-back
wears a muffler to the wheel, he’ll wear
mittens tomorrow, and shoes the next day,
and it’s a sure sign the ship’s creeping south.
I thought I smelled ice. Send the lad along
at eight bells and I’ll find him some warmer
togs. How’s the shaky fore-royal-mast
holding?”

  “Got a preventer backstay up first thing
this watch, sir. It seems stiff enough.”

  “All right. Watch it, and keep a sharp
lookout.”

SOON the crew of the MUtiades
were too busy to think of bothering
Joe Monkeyface. Captain Deshay
was noted for quick passages, and this was
to be no exception. Sailing far south, as
near to a full great circle as the Crozets and
Kerguelen Land would allow, winds were
strong, seas high, and ice frequent. Double

handed wheels, constant look-out, wet quar-
ters and decks too often swept for any work
other than sheltered work to be done, men
had no time for idle horseplay; that is a *
resource for the lazy tropic weeks, when
warm sun and full fare make hot blood and
devilment.

  But the chill bitterness of the incessant
cold and wet frightened Joe, and the skipper
saw it. He put the lad in the galley to help
the cook. The warmth and comparative dry-
ness soon put renewed confidence into Joe;
and very quickly the doctor, whose memory
for services rendered was weak, put most
of the work upon him, forgetting or ignoring
the fact that Joe had saved him from very
serious hurts.

  Joe’s initial awkwardness was not helped
or lessened either by friendly advice or by
the giddy gymnastics of the ship running
before the howling westerlies. He dropped
the joint for the cabin dinner one noon,
smashing the skipper’s favorite gravy-
channeled dish and all but spoiling the beef
on the filthy deck.

  Joe was sore enough, for he knew the
skipper was his friend and knew that the
damage would annoy him; but the cockney
cook gained nothing by rubbing it in. The
doctor appeared at the forecastle door while
the watch were at dinner, reeking with un-
speakable muck.

  “Hullo, Slushy, wot’s up?” piped a young
A. B., edging farther away. “Some’at

dropped-”

  “Dropped?” squealed the doctor, dancing
with rage and showering all hands with
grease of the vilest. “ ’Oo told you anyfink

wos dropped? -bli’me! That bleedin’

Joe Monkeyface goes an’ ’e drops the skip-
per’s fav’rit meat dish, an’ I says to ’im:

  “ ‘Wot yer goin’ to drop nah, hey? Yer’ve
been an’ smashed the Old Man’s gravy dish
into little bits, yer bloomin’ hape. Wot
next yer goin’ ter drop, hey?’

  “ ‘You,’ ’e says, big as Billy be-,

an’ ’e ups and ’ooks me in the perishin’ beak
wiv ’is elber an’ capsizes me into the bleedin’
slush-tub.

  “Where’s Lamps? I want some ’ile to
git some o’ this muck outer me hair.”

  Captain Deshay heard of it through the
mate just as he was considering sending for
Joe to wig him for the damage. Instead of
the wigging, Joe received all unconsciously
the emphatic approval of at least two men
who were his friends; for when the mate
Joe Monkeyface

157

went on deck to let Mr. Earl get his dinner
the captain was still at the table, and to-
gether they chuckled over the little incident
to such a degree that improved digestion
compensated both for the slight short-
comings in the dinner.

  “It looks as if the lad’s coming into his
own in his own way,” the skipper said.
“I’ll bet dumping the doctor into the slush-
tub was an accident if the truth’s known,
but it’s shown Joe that he can capsize a man
anyhow. I’ll say nothing to him about that
dish; and if the doctor bellyaches to you,
Mr. Earl, about Joe, you tell him to mind his
eye or Joe’ll pull his pluck out and fry it for
him in his own fat. I don’t like that cook,
anyhow.”

  Strangely enough, Cardiff showed an
abrupt change of front toward Joe after the
cook’s mishap. From regarding the lad
with a smoldering eye, as if ever watching
for a chance to down him without fear of
those terribly clawing hands, Cardiff be-
gan to speak to Joe, and even offered his
tobacco-plug one bitter, screaming forenoon
when the weak royal-mast tottered and a
preventer stay parted in a howling snow-
squall.

  It was killing work for three hours, and
every man from captain down to Joe Mon-
keyface was needed. Joe found himself
holding on to a rope turned about a pin
for Cardiff, who was setting up the new
preventer-stay waist-deep in freezing water
as the seas thundered in over the rails. And
though his frozen hands were jammed and
bruised over and over again in the block-
sheaves Joe hung on; and even Cardiff, a
sterling sailor if a rank bully, found it in
his heart to offer the tobacco-plug.

  Joe grabbed it much as his namesake of
the simian family might, nibbling at it
cautiously, peering under his brows at the
giver as if doubtful of its innocuous qualities.
Then at Cardiff’s gruff urging he bit off a
quid and smiled. Joe Monkeyface actually
accomplished a smile. It was a weird and a
wonderful thing in truth, that smile; it
contorted the lad’s grotesquely ugly face
into the semblance of a gargoyle; but it
was a smile, a genuine smile, and it awed
Cardiff into suspicious silence. As soon as
he could, the seaman gently relieved Joe of
the marlinspike he was holding; then, and
not until then, did he breathe freely and
return Joe’s smile.

  But Cardiff was a bully born, and he

simply had to have a butt to worry. He
turned around after that morning’s experi-
ence, and badgered the cockney cook until
that worthy’s life was a cold, doleful misery.

THINGS were much at this point
when the Miltiades sheared through
thin mush ice one night, when moon
and stars were hidden under a slowly falling,
driftless, blinding pall of heavy snowflakes.
The double lookout, one on each knight-
head, stamping to keep warm, stung by
flakes of snow as big as albatross down,
peered through the murk from sheer in-
stinct, hopeless of seeing anything ahead
in time to avoid it. The captain and both
mates were on deck; Mr. Earl on the fore-
vard, adding his youthful eyesight plus
youthful keenness of enthusiasm, to the
other more automatic watchfulness of the
lookouts.

  “Can’t ye see anything, foreyard?”
shouted Captain Deshay, anxious and
irritable from long vigil.'

  “Nothing, sir,” replied the second mate.

  Back like a shot came the echoed query
and reply. Like a cannon-shot came the
impact of the jib-boom, driven by a moving
force of two thousand tons, and in the next
instant all head-gear buckled inboard with
a crash, the iron bows crumpled and a
spire of solid ice, one hundred feet high,
tottered and crashed down in an avalanche
of colossal splinters, some of which increased
the damage on the forecastle, most of which
clattered down upon its own base and sent
the thunder of rolling ice broadcast over
the sea.

  “Swing out the boats!” shouted the skip-
per, running forward. “Where’s Mr. Earl?
Good-, did ye not see Mr. Earl?”

  The fore-royal-mast, long weakened by
heavy rolling, had fallen on the first impact,
but only the frail royal-mast quite fell. The
topmast stood, hanging over the listed side
perilously; and Mr. Earl, flung from his
perch, swayed out over the white void on a
running rope which swiftly rendered through
►the sheaves, dropping every instant be-
tween the wounded ship and the nebulous
monster which held the potential doom of a
stricken iceberg.

  Men cut and hammered at the boat-
fasts; the mate hastily sounded the well.
The berg was invisible, but vaguely dis-
tinguishable through sense of chill, and the
ship sullenly seemed to be backing away
158

Adventure

from her antagonist as if determined to hide
the shame of her sinking; and Mr. Earl had
dropped like a plummet somewhere out
there between ship and ice, clutching the
rope that had failed him, with the un-
fastened block that had caused the rope to
reeve out.

  Joe Monkeyface saw it, watched his
friend fall, slowly at first, with rising speed
as he came lower, and stood by in a sort
of dull horror at his own imagined help-
lessness. It was a shout, an oath in itself,
from Cardiff that aroused Joe as it aroused
all hands within hail, and the forecastle
bully left his place at the boat-skids, bowling
over men in his way, and leaped over the
ship’s «ide with a deeper, more biting curse
at his mates.

  “Sing out, sir! Where be ye?” Cardiff
yelled as he rose from his icy dive.

  “Sing out, sir! Where be ye?” rumbled
back the berg in echo.

  A faint answer came from the white,
whirling snow wreaths, and a savage de-
mand for louder guidance from Cardiff.
Then arose a bestial, snarling scream as
Joe Monkeyface realized that he was per-
mitting another man, and such a man as
Cardiff, to help the one man who had
steadily remained his friend.

  “Come back, Cardiff! Come back and
let me!” he screamed, and plunged head-
long into the unknown terrors of that white
sea as the ice gave back his cry in his teeth.

  There came a terrific roar from the berg
as another part of it toppled; then the
main mass rocked on unstable base, rolled
deeply and subsided into another floating
shape. Joe Monkeyface, swimming franti-
cally, heard the shouting from the ship as
the swamping sea was hurled against her
by the plunging ice.

  He heard faintly Cardiff’s lusty curse
blaspheming for some injury; heard still
fainter an answering cry that must have
come from the second mate; then abruptly,
still blindly, swept around a corner of ice
into a tiny bay in which the sea was at rest.

  All sounds of the ship were hushed now;
his own shivering yell came back upon him
in countless voices; but the voice of Mr.
Earl he heard more clearly as he clawed his
way painfully up on to a ledgeof cold solidity
and lay panting with weariness and fear.

  Joe heard voices, but chattering teeth
and utterly beaten body forebade him to
answer. Then he must have swooned.

  The icy chill and some deep animal in-
stinct of self-preservation awoke him quickly,
and he groped against a numbing sense of
being utterly lost in a white world. Then
the snow stopped, leaving walls of ghostly
green and a floor of sighing black water.
Overhead, high overhead, hung a star-
studded canopy of black, over which a small
puff of fleecy cloud drifted languorously.

  The crest of the berg seemed to move
gently against the slow-moving clouds; then
the moon sailed into the space overhead
and illumined the vast ice cavern in which
Joe was cast, into the semblance of a
sublime cathedral with the organ of old
Neptune himself playing a soft anthem of
lapping seas, only to have the anthem put
out of tune by the discordant skra-aw-awk
of a wheeling mollymawk.

  But Joe was concerned more nearly with
the sight of two black specks clinging pre-
cariously to a finger-breadth ledge of ice on
the opposite side of the ice harbor. The
space was a full fifty yards across, yet he
could hear the labored breathing of Cardiff
as he fought stubbornly to haul Mr. Earl
out of the sea far enough for him to get a
finger-grip to support himself. As for the
second mate, he appeared to be either dead
or entirely helpless, for he hung a dead
weight in Cardiff’s grip, making no effort to
assist his rescuer.

  joe uttered a rasping howl of encourage-
ment and plunged once more into the freez-
ing water. He had seen, from the better
side of the hollow space, that no real hand-
hold or foothold of any kind was to be had
except where he had been cast himself. As
he trudgeoned across he uttered whistling
cries of apprehension that were made
strange to absurdity by the chattering of
his teeth and his frenzied fears for his
friend. Then he saw Cardiff suddenly pitch
forward, and go down to the drag of the
unconscious officer.

  Mouthing as a dumb man mouths, Joe
reached the other side of the ice harbor and
grappled for a hold upon the disappearing
men. Cardiff’s last expiring hold fastened
on Joe and together the three went down—
down—down, until Joe’s lungs seemed to
explode and he fought fiercely to rise, but
never let go his grip upon the jacket he had
first touched.

  It seemed to be a full hour before his
bursting lungs inhaled the delicious cold
air; then Joe found that he had borne
Joe Monkeyface

159

upward into the starlight both Cardiff and
Mr. Earl. Without a thought save to get
them out of the numbing sea, Joe Monkey-
face painfully towed them over to the side
where they might find secure footing.

  Alone, and not too greatly alive himself,
after endless toil and heartbreaking failures,
the lad managed to haul both men up to
safety; then, in the clearest rays of the
moon, in a hush that could almost be felt,
he listened at each breast for trace of life.

  Cardiff was dead. He had carried on, as
a bold man must, until his great, bullying
heart broke and the man he would have
rescued had pulled him unconsciously from
his pitiful hold and drowned him. But Mr.
Earl breathed, miraculously; and Joe Mon-
keyface sprang up, shuffled clumsily with
half-frozen feet and uttered a piercing shriek
of triumph that echoed and reechoed among
the glittering spires of the icy cathedral like
a hundred voices in chorus.

  Through the rest of the night, only a
few hours, Joe worked as man never worked
before over a man so far gone as Mr. Earl
was. Crude though his knowledge was, Joe
believed in warmth, and his efforts were
directed toward putting animation into the
still limbs he toiled at. Arms, legs, and
then chest and stomach were in turn
thumped and kneaded, worked frenziedly
under the glittering eyes of half-frantic Joe
Monkeyface.

  And just at dawn, to save himself from
falling from exhaustion, Joe stood up and
yelled defiance to the rising sun, dancing
madly, uncouthly, - to restore his waning
circulation as well as to announce to the
world that he had seen a flicker in his
friend’s eyelids. '

  Then the sun came up, shining through a
narrow pass from the eastward ocean, warm-
ing gradually the piercing chill and bringing
to the castaway the knowledge that to live
he must eat, or at least drink. He propped
Mr. Earl up with his own coat and staggered
down to the pass, seeking for anything, but'
knowing of nothing he might expect to find
in such a place.

  As he reached one horn of the narrow
pass he saw a tiny trickle of water coming
down from some high pinnacle that had been
touched earlier by the rising sun, and

scooped up a poor half-pint in his cap. Mr.
Earl drank half of it thirstily, and smiled
without mirth as he handed the rest back.

  “Joe,” he said faintly, “you’re got your-
self into a fine mess, haven’t you? You
ought to have stayed with the ship.”

  “I’d ha’ drowned anyhow, sir,” grinned
Joe, shivering violently.

  “I don’t think the ship would sink, Joe.
She’s strong, and she has a stout forward
bulkhead. In any case you’ll starve here,
and freeze to death. Help me up, lad, and
we’ll see where and how we stand.”

  Joe guessed that any man who needed
help to get up could scarcely stand at all,
and said so bluntly as he started off to try
to find a way up or around those glittering
cliffs.

  “Take my knife then,” said Mr. Earl.
“Might come across a seal or a bear.”

  Joe clambered away out of sight, and
after a cruel hour’s climb staggered out
upon a platform immediately above and in
sight of the second mate. He also found
himself in full view of the great ocean; and
Mr. Earl, startled by his hoarse, exultant
shout, stared up to see a queer figure dancing
like a madman, flinging its arms grotesquely
and yelling at the top of lusty lungs.

  A quarter of a mile away lay the Miltiades
a trifle low by the head truly, but afloat,
and hove-to under short sail; not fifty yards
from the berg a boat pulled slowly along,
every man in her scanning the ice for a
break. At Joe’s shout they headed into
the little ice harbor, on the shores of which
Mr. Earl lay in sorry straits, while Joe
scampered down at peril of his neck to
slobber and croon inarticulate sounds that
were meant to convey to his friend the glad
news that he was saved.

ON THE poop of the Miltiades
Captain Deshay looked long and
earnestly through a powerful tele-
scope at the capering figure of Joe on the
ice ledge. When Joe vanished from sight,
the captain handed the glass to an ap-
prentice with a quiet smile.

  “Have to find another name for Joe,”
he murmured. “Scupper me if a monkey
ever had such an expression of hulla-
balloojick joy on his face as that!”
FREDERICK J JACKSON

Author oj "The Departure of Mr. Cassidy,” “Unwept, Unhonored and Unhung,” etc.

MR. “SHORT-HAND” CON-
WAY was the possessor of a
beautiful grouch, and it must
be added that he was in an
Arizona jail that was far from beautiful.
It was the monotony of confinement that
jarred upon Mr. Conway; not the jail’s lack
of beaut)". And what the jail lacked in
beauty it more than made up in the strength
of steel and concrete.

  The jailer also had a grouch, the said
state of mind being occasioned by the fact
that he had been foolish enough to while
away the time by playing stud poker
through the cell bars with Mr. Conway.
The latter, at the beginning of this game,
had been able to clink four silver dollars
as his total capital. Now he had a clink and
a crackle to the tune of ninety-eight units of
the root of evil. The jailer was broke, and
this fact was Mr. Conway’s one bit of joy.

  Despite his ability, and luck, in the game
sometimes known as “five-card insomnia,”
Mr. Conway’s nickname had nothing to do
with cards. Some years before, in a free-
for-all round of gun-play south of the bor-
der, the forefinger of his right hand had been
shot away. “Three-Finger” was too com-
mon a cognomen, therefore some one had
invented a new one, “Short-Hand,” and the
name had stuck.

  And with his trigger finger gone the way
of all flesh, Mr. Conway had been forced to
develop another style of handling a Colt.
With a file he had removed certain parts of
the mechanism from his old single-action
.41, and with constant practise had devel-
oped an almost uncanny skill in thumbing
the hammer.

  But times had changed; the day of the
gunman was passing, and when in town Mr.
Conway had made concession to the con-
ventionalities by carrying his Colt inside
his belt, tucked between his trousers and
shirt, with the bottom of his vest concealing
the butt of the weapon. There had been
method and “safety-first” in this conceal-
ment; a decade-old grudge had still re-
mained unsettled between Mr. Conway and
a fire-eating gunman known as “Slaughter-
house” Flanagan.

  Mr. Conway, now in his late fifties, had
fallen into certain settled habits, of which
one in particular is worthy of being set
down. Each Monday he would partake of
one lone drink of whisky; on Tuesdays he
would indulge in two; Wednesday was
worthy of three; Thursday called for foiir;
Friday was the day of five drinks; and Sat-
urday was celebrated by an even half-
dozen. Sunday was the day of drought—
and a belligerent state of mind.

  And it had been on a Sunday that he had
ridden into Dos Pinos, and for the first time
in ten years had chanced to meet with
Slaughterhouse Flanagan, who was the
cock-o’-the-walk in the town, being the pet
gunman of certain influential county poli-
ticians. Flanagan had failed to recognize
his ancient enemy—a fatal error. Sunday
in Dos Pinos was invariably a slow day, and
Mr. Flanagan had attempted to speed it up
by taking advantage of Mr. Conway’s mild
and inoffensive appearance.

  Mr. Conway’s reply had been short,
extremely profane and highly insulting.
Thereupon Mr. Flanagan had rashly
reached for his Colt. His hand had closed

“Reverse Irish,” copyright, 1922, by Frederick J. Jackson.

160
Reverse Irish

161

simultaneously upon the butt of the gun
and sudden death, for Mr. Conway’s old
.41 had been the first to bark.

  Following this episode, with full, and mis-
placed, confidence that the ethics of the
country would result in his swift acquittal
on the ground of self-defense, Mr. Conway
had surrendered himself.

  Too late he had realized that he was de-
cidedly in wrong. Times had indeed
changed. Having incurred the enmity of
the political powers, he would stand no
chance at all of a fair trial. He was a poor
trout who had swallowed the hook, and the
zealous district attorney was the skilled
fisherman who would reel him in.

  But Mr. Conway at birth had been en-
dowed with a large amount of Irish wit,
which a couple of scores of years of precari-
ous and sometimes doubtful living as a gun-
man had supplemented with a large amount
of guile. At one time he had made the
statement that brains would do more than
dynamite to get a man out of jail. And
right now he had a grand chance to try out
the brains.

  The jailer was a nervous man, and of this
Mr. Conway brutally took advantage. For
two days he threatened to commit suicide.
Deliberately, as long as the prison official
would listen, he verbally drew gruesome
pictures of himself with his throat cut from
ear to ear. He succeeded in getting the
jailer’s goat, so much so that the official
refused to allow his morbid captive the use
of a knife or a fork. Mr. Conway was forced
to eat with a pewter spoon, and even this
was taken away from him after each meal.

  The third day was Sunday, and Sunday
in the Dos Pinos jail was the day of corn-
starch pudding for dessert. Corn-starch
was one of Mr. Conway’s pet abominations,
but this time he had use for it. He lathered
his face with pudding and sprinkled this
with dust gathered from the corners of his
cell. His large bandanna provided the
needed loop. With a short knot at the
ends he tied the cloth over one of the bars
that formed part of the grilled ceiling.

  The jailer’s footstep in the corridor was
the signal for Mr. Conway to stand erect on
his bunk, slip his head through the loop of
the bandanna and crook his knees. The
jailer, missing Mr. Conway’s usual gibing
invitation for another poker game, stopped
and peered through the bars.

  He gasped in horror. Mr. Conway appar-

ently had carried out his threat of suicide,
by hanging himself. With hasty, fumbling
fingers the official unlocked and entered the
cell. A closer look in the dim light at the
corn-starch-and-dust-plastered face of his
prisoner proved all too convincing.

  Hastily backing out of the cell, he started
as a matter of habit to lock the door. But
why lock up a dead man? The keys slipped
from his nervous fingers. He snatched
them up and fled toward the front of the
building. A moment later sounded the slam
of the outer door. The jailer was scurry-
ing toward the coroner’s office, half a mile
distant.

  By the time he had returned with the
official investigator of deaths, Mr. Conway,
having regained his horse, his Winchester
and his Colt, and carrying a huge grin, was
two miles out of town and going strong
toward the Colorado River.

“NO, SIR-REE!” said the rancher.
“Fifty bucks is my price, and it’s
worth it. You ain’t payin’ me a
cent to keep my mouth shut, understand,
but my skiff leaks—some—and that makes
it a gamble worth the money—to me. Just
take a look at that river.”

  Mr. Conway looked, then glanced appre-
hensively back across the desert hills to the
eastward. Again his gaze turned to the
three-quarter-mile-wide, swirling, surging,
yellow flood-waters of the Colorado. Mr.
Conway was no navigator; the stretch of
eddying water made him feel helpless.

  “Here’s your fifty—if we can start now.”

  “Sure we can. Put your stuff in the
boat.”

  Mr. Conway hastened to unsaddle his
horse and place the saddle, blankets and
rifle in the fragile twelve-foot skiff. There
was some slight difficulty in getting the
horse to take to the water. The rancher
finally dragged him in and fastened the
end of the reins to a nail in the stern of the
boat. Then, with the horse swimming be-
hind and towed by the reins, they started
for California, the rancher at the oars and
Mr. Conway busy with an empty tomato-
can bailing to keep the skiff afloat.

  Half-way across, the strain on the reins
bent the nail. The horse, freed from the
boat, started back for the Arizona shore.
Catching him was no easy task, for the
animal turned away each time the rancher
maneuvered the craft into a position for
162

Adventure

Mr. Conway to grab the bridle. At last
the rancher cut off the painter. Mr. Con-
way used this as a riata and roped the swim-
ming horse. Just in time, too, for the frantic
animal was within fifty feet of the shore.

  The leaky skiff was now half-filled with
water. Mr. Conway tied the loose end of
the painter around his waist, and began
setting a record for fast bailing with a toma-
to-can.

  In a thicket of willows four miles below
the starting-point the skiff literally bumped
into California. With solid land again be-
neath his boots, Mr. Conway pulled out his
bandanna and mopped the sweat of appre-
hension from his face. He had been scared,
and he admitted it.

  “Say, you sure earned your coin,” he
said. “But who’s gonna bail the water out
goin’ back?”

  “Golly! I never thought of that!”

  The rancher’s face was a study in emo-
tion.

  Mr. Conway grinned, saddled up and rode
away to the westward, leaving the rancher
scratching his head over the problem.

  Twenty-four hours later Mr. Conway
cocked an eye aloft at the desert sun and
decided that it was time to eat. But “eats”
were not to be obtained, for his horse lay
dead some six miles distant back toward
the Colorado. The skittish animal had
possessed one aversion, namely, horned
toads. When, during the night before, one
of the harmless little creatures had crossed
his path, the horse had shied and leaped to
one side. This side leap on rocky ground
had caused a bad fall. One hoof had wedged
between two rocks, and the fall had snapped
a foreleg. And to make it worse, the horse
had fallen upon and smashed flat the can-
teen that Mr. Conway had purchased from
the friendly rancher.

  The sight of the smashed canteen had had
the effect of increasing Mr. Conway’s thirst.
Therefore at daybreak, after shooting the
horse, he had set out in search of a spring
known to desert travelers as “The Frog
Hole.” He had found the water, such as it
was, but now regretted his lack of foresight
in neglecting to take with him the scanty
rations that were in a gunnysack tied to the
saddle. Six miles back to the horse, and
six miles on the return journey to the spring
would mean twelve miles without water.
Mr. Conway decided to wait until the heat
of the day had abated.

  He gazed around and spat in disgust as
his eye met nothing but an arid sun-baked
waste of sand and fantastic rock formation.

  “So this is California, land of milk, honey
and lots of money! Oh, well, it might be
worse,” he cogitated, then centered his
mind on a nice problem, namely: Would
the pangs of hunger eventually prove
sharper than the ache of blistered feet?
The answer can not be set in type.

  Morosely he surveyed the mangy, purple
heights of the Wolftooth Mountains, which
lay thirty miles distant across a burning,
heat-eddying desert caldron. In the canons
of the Wolftooths lay safety and—cold
water. No California officer would be
likely to look for him there, in the event that
the Arizona authorities had telegraphed the
information that the much wanted “Short-
Hand” Conway had succeeded in crossing
the Colorado.

  Mr. Conway retraced his steps to the
water-hole, drank a little of the nauseatingly
warm, stagnant fluid, then pulled out a limp
muslin bag and nursed the last few tobacco
crumbs into a very slender cigaret.

  “Golly,” he cogitated, gazing distastefully
at the spot where the water slowly oozed
from some subterranean source, “that stuff
runs about two per cent, pure niter. Well,
it ain’t gonna hurt me—much. And it’s
wet anyway.”

  Again he cursed the tragic mishap of the
smashed canteen, a scurvy trick of fate
which had effectually marooned him on this
small island of dampness in the midst of
a sea of eddying heat-waves which stretched
to the limit of vision and turned into life-
and-hope-stealing illusions and mirages.

  With no food and no tobacco to comfort
him, in the course of another hour the heat
and a few pestiferous flies had succeeded
thoroughly in souring whatever milk of
human kindness remained in his system.
Any man on horseback who approached the
water-hole was due to bump into some con-
centrated hard luck—for himself.

  Another hour passed, and Mr. Conway’s
frame of mind had curdled still more, when
far out on the shimmering desert a cloud of
dust caught his apathetic gaze. A little
later the cloud resolved itself into a horse-
man driving two pack-animals.

  Hope has set records for high jumping,
but Mr. Conway’s breast stirred but little.
Where, a couple of hours back, he might
unhesitatingly have committed even murder
Reverse Irish

to get out of his desperate position, now
he was inclined to moderation. He had
been given time to think. So far he had
committed no offense, against the law in
California, and the latter State was a
sanctuary which he now had no desire to
violate. Therefore he put on a deep-sea
thinking act.

  Finally he grinned, and began hastily'to
pile up small boulders. His final work of
preparation was to fish up the stub of a pen-
cil and upon a cigaret paper write some
cryptic words and figures.

  His labors finished, Mr. Conway grinned
again, wickedly this time, as he gazed toward
the approaching rider, now less than half
a mile distant. Hope was leaping high, but
Mr. Conway was lying low—behind a large
rock.

  A few minutes later he arose abruptly.
Menacingly in his hand was the old Colt .41
“Better git!” he warned the horseman.
“It’s open season for claim-jumpers!”

  The newcomer turned for a hostile-eyed
glare at the interrupter of passage to the
water-hole. His hand stole toward the
holster low on his thigh.

  “Stick ’em up!” peremptorily barked Mr.
Conway. “Reach for heaven or you’ll head
the other way.”

  With commendable promptness the horse-
man raised his hands. He looked into Mr.
Conway’s mild and sad blue eyes, and his
features relaxed.

  “Reg’lar desert wolf, ain’t you?” he
grinned. “What’s the game?”

  He noted Mr. Conway’s position, the pos-
ture of a skilled gunman, a snap shot. He
saw the hammer drawn-back beneath a not
too tensed thumb. By that he knew that
the trigger evidently had been filed from the
gun. Experience told him that here was
a man with whom it would be dangerous
to trifle, but he grinned again.

  “The idea,” explained Mr. Conway sadly,
“is that I’m only protecting my rights.
You’re on my mining claim. She’s all
staked out legal. See that monument; my
location notice is in it.”

He pointed to a small mound of boulders.
“Mining claim—rats!” snorted the other.
“You know danged well that they ain’t no
minerals here. And you can’t stake off The
Frog Hole.”

  “Can’t I?”

  A note of truculence entered Mr. Con-
way’s ordinarily mild voice.

  “Try to stop me!” he invited.

  “I’m no claim-jumper,” denied the other,
“and, you mustached old walrus, you
danged well know it! I just want to water
my cayuses.”

  Mr. Conway highly resented being termed
an old walrus, having seen a picture of one.
He didn’t mind the “mustached” part of it,
for that was true.

  “Not a chance! That there water’s on my
claim, and I ain’t gonna let any spavined
bronks muddy it all up for me. If you want
water you’ll have to buy it, and water’s
gone up.”

  “Buy it! Why, you saffron-tinged, mis-
shapen, or’nary hunk of misinterpretation!”
orated the horseman.

  These are not his exact words, but the
tune has not been changed.

  “You sheep-herding, fish-brained, cande-
labra-faced, worse-than-forgotten imitation
of a sleepless night! Do you mean to say
that you’re trying to keep a man away from
a water-hole—out here?”

  Mr. Conway paled, and weakened. The
epithets stung—they were fighting words—
but full well he realized that he deserved
them.

  “Son, you’re there! I guess it’s a gift!”
He paid grudging admiration to the
other’s vocabulary.

  “I was figuring’ on swapping my claim,
and the water-hole, for one of your bronks.
But I’m willing to listen to reason. I
only-”

  “Blast your nervy old hide!” was the
interruption. “Reason? Huh! Listen, and
you’ll hear it—as soon as I think up a few
more things to call you. Now what’s the
idea of staking off the Frog Hole?”

  “The idea,” explained Mr. Conway sadly,
“is that I’m plumb hung up here. I need
a cayuse or a canteen, or both. I’m not
stickin’ you up to git them, understand.
I know my rights, and I’m keepin’ you cov-
ered because you’re trespassin’. I ain’t
takin’ no chances on having my claim
jumped, so just drop your six-gun into the
dust. To use more than one thumb and
one finger will be a sure way of providing me
with more hosses than I need. Don’t take
any chances, son; I can let daylight through
you before you can bat an eye.”

  The affair so far had not gone quite to
Mr. Conway’s liking. He knew the horse-
man could be more deadly than a rattle-
snake. The stranger was in his early
164

Adventure

thirties; but his face, even when he flashed
his ready grin, was hard. And his eyes now
were harder than onyx, and as dark. But it
was his nonchalance that was disconcerting.

  “I’m willing to oblige,” he drawlingly
replied, “but I sure hate to get the gun
jammed full of sand. Come and get it, or
let me hand it to you.”

  Mr. Conway’s eyes flicked several times.
This was better. Inwardly he began to
grin. He would let the other man see just
how far his contemplated trick would go
with an old gunman.

“HUH!” he grunted. “You ain’t
lackin’ any sand, that’s a hog-tied
cinch,” admiringly. “Reckon I’ll
have to humor you till we get better ac-
quainted. Give me the gun.”

  He stepped forward.

  The other gingerly pulled out his Colt,
flipped it in the air and caught it by the
barrel, but as he caught it Mr. Conway’s
gun poked him in the ribs. Mr. Conway’s
left hand reached up and took the weapon
butt first as it was extended to him.

  By a forced smile the horseman gamely
acknowledged defeat.^ Mr. Conway flipped
out the cylinder, ejected the shells, then
returned the weapon.

  “Put it back in the holster and try it over
again,” he invited.

  The other man rather sheepishly hol-
stered the Colt.

 “Say,” he blurted out, “how many
notches on your gun?”

 “Too many,” confessed Mr. Conway.
“Let’s see you roll it.”

  “Here goes! I guess I’ll look like an
amateur to an old-timer like you.”

  The stranger started to hand his Colt,
butt foremost, to his captor. Mr. Conway
reached tentatively.

  Like a flash, in a bare fraction of a second,
the gun reversed, and snapped.

  “Fast—fast!” was the compliment. “Son,
you’ve sure wasted your youth in practising
that. It ain’t worth while any more.”

  Mr. Conway walked around to the other
side of the horse, again pressed his Colt
against the other’s ribs and pulled a .30-30
carbine from the saddle scabbard.

  “Now, son, I’m gonnajmake you a propo-
sition. For water out of your canteen and
a ride on a pack-hoss your bronks can use
my private water-hole.”

 As Mr. Conway glanced toward the

spring his jaw dropped in chagrin. The
pack animals, unwatched by him, had stolen
a march. They were now drinking from the
water-hole.

  “Blisterin’ heck!” he ejaculated in dis-
gust. “That scheme is two-thirds shot full
of holes.”

  He sized up the pack-horses. One of
them, a sorrel, was long-legged, rangy in
build. With knowing eye its points were
sized up.

  “How much do you want for the sorrel
bone-yard? I’d like to buy him if the price
ain’t too steep.”

 “Buy him! You’re sure an uncertain
liombre. First you hold me up, then you
want to buy a horse.”

  “Hold up nothin’!” disavowed Mr. Con-
way. “I told you I was only makin’ sure
that you wa’n’t gonna jump my claim.
Howr much for the sorrel?”

  “I might sell him for sixty—some day.
But I need him right now. Got to rush that
stuff into the Wolftooth country. I’m
wonderin’ why you don’t steal one of the
horses.”

  “I never was a hoss-thief!” was the retort.
“And they ain’t no warrants out ag’in’ me
in California, so I ain’t gonna borrow trou-
ble—unless I just gotta do it to git away
from here.”

  Again the rider flashed his ready grin.
All the while he had been subjecting Mr.
Conway to minute scrutiny. He had noted
the missing trigger finger.

  “Shot off?” he inquired casually, his gaze
on the gun hand.

  “Maybe!” grunted Mr. Conway, puzzled,
sensing that the question was more than
casual.

  “Three years ago—below the border?”
followed another query.

  “Maybe it did—and then again, maybe
it did.”

  The other’s smile turned quizzical.

  “You seem to fit the description of
Short-Hand Conway.”

  “That so?”

  “All right!” laughed the other. “I’m
glad you admit it so freely. That time you
stepped in and saved Whitey Dunnigan
from being turned into mince-meat by-”

 “Aw, shucks! Five Mexes wa’n’t so
much,” growled the embarrassed Mr. Con-
way.

  “One of them got your trigger meat-hook
anyway. You see, I’ve sort of been classing
Re.verse Irish

you as a guy I’d be willing to do a good turn
for. Whitey was my pal.”

  “You’ve got me pegged right. I’m Con-
way. But who in heck are you?”

  “Carroll—Bob Carroll. Is the stick-up
thing still on, or do I get my guns back?
I’m sorry I called you those names.”

  “Don’t let that worry you. I’ll save them
up and use them on somebody else. About
the guns—Bob Carroll doesn’t spell any-
thing to me. Never heard of you before—
under that name. Aw, heck, sure you can
have the guns back. It wouldn’t do you
any good to smoke me up—or try to.

  “And calling it a stick-up is all wrong.
I was only protecting my claim from being
jumped. Get that right.”

  “Have it your own way,” laughed Car-
roll. “You were trying to jump the price of
water, too, but I won’t hold that against
you—seeing that things are as they are.”

  “I only tried to boost it,” was the con-
tention. “And it didn’t work out worth the
feathers on a lizard.”

  Carroll dismounted, shook hands with
Conway and regained his weapons. He
started to le^ad his saddle-horse toward the
water-hole.

  “Say, got any tobacco to spare?”

  Carroll turned to answer the question.
“Sure! Lots of it. Go and get a can out
of a saddle-bag.”

  Mr. Conway started toward the pack-
animals. He stopped and inquired—
“Which hoss?”

  “The sorrel, I think. Both cayuses have
light loads so’s I could make fast time.”

  On each pack-saddle were hung rawhide
bags, each slightly smaller in dimensions
than a kero^ene-case holding two five-gallon
cans. The dry hide was as stiff as boards;
the edges of the bags were square like boxes.
The bags were open at the top, but small
tarpaulins covered both saddles and their
loads.

  Mr. Conway removed the tarpaulin from
the sorrel, and from one bag dragged out
three sides of bacon, a ten-pound sack of
flour and a cloth bag filled with dried beans.
This uncovered the bottom layer. No
tobacco was revealed, but the other con-
tents served to arouse and hold the search-
er’s interest. There was a layer of card-
board boxes, each containing twenty rifle
cartridges. And the boxes numbered at
least fifteen.

  Cafroll looked up from the water-hole.

    “Guess the tobacco’s on the other side,”

*	he announced.

   After replacing the provisions in the
 saddle-bag, Mr. Conway ducked around to
 the other side of the horse. This time he
 discovered the tobacco tins, a dozen of them,
 and then dug further to verify his suspicions
 as to the bottom layer in the second bag.
 It was composed of even more cartridge
 boxes than the other. The horse carried at
 least seven hundred rounds of ammunition!

   Among other things, Mr. Conway pos-
 sessed a responsive imagination. Seven
 hundred rifle cartridges! And perhaps
 there were as many more on the other pack-
 horse! That meant action—somewhere.
 A private war undoubtedly. He imagined
 he felt an itch in the spot where once his
 hand had been normal in the possession of
 a nervous trigger finger.

   Mr. Conway sighed, bestirred himself
 gathering fuel and started a fire. Presently
 t*he two men squatted down to a menu of
 bacon, fried biscuits and coffee. The horses
 grazed near by on cacti.

   Luther Burbank is famed, among other
 achievements, for having rendered cactus
 available for fodder, by removing the spines.
 He used science. Mr. Conway obtained the
 same result with a hatchet.

    Mr. Carroll rolled another cigaret, lighted
  it.by borrowing Mr. Conway’s glowing stub,
  then leaned back into the scanty shade of
  a yucca.

    “You particularly stressed the fact that
 there are no warrants out against you in
 California,” he began. “Not to get per-
 sonal—you don’t have to answer—are you
 on the dodge from Arizona or Nevada?”

   “Maybe!”

   Mr. Conway grew wary-eyed and unob-
 trusively moved his leg to bring his holster
 into a handier position.

    “Well, old-timer, it’s all right with me.
 I might be able to help you.”

    “I’ll admit there’s no warrants out ag’in’
  me in California, which ain’t what you
  might call an incriminatin’ admission. And
  I want things to stay that way; that’s why
  I didn’t hold you up.

    “I ain’t takin’ any chances. I’m gittin’
 along in years, and I crave a little peace for
 a change. I want to settle down quietly—
 and I don’t want to do it in the ‘pen.’ ”

    There was a decided gleam of interest in
 Carroll’s eyes, followed by th'e birth of an idea
 that caused him to cough—or something.
Adventure

  “So you want to settle down, eh? You
seem to be the kind of an hombre I can help
along; so why not shoot the whole story?”

  “Not much of a yarn. I’m in wrong with
the bunch of side-windin’ politicians across
the creek because I just naturally had to
bump off their hired gunman. That’s all.

I might mention that I ran a whopper of
a rannygazoo on the jailer and made a dean
getaway.”

  “So that’s it,” mused Mr. Carroll aloud.
“I was wondering why you were on the
dodge. Any more warrants out?”

  Mr. Conway pondered. Now that he had
admitted this much, there would be no harm
in telling more. Carroll seemed friendly.
He coughed deprecatingly.

  “Oh, there’s seven or eight or mebbe ten
old ones that had been pigeonholed. Those
scavengin’ politicians dug them up; they
wanted to get enough on me to make it
a life term and then hang me to make it
certain.”

  “You’nffn bad, old-timer; but you’re safe
enough with me—as long as I haven’t
a warrant.”

  “What? Say, who in heck are you—
what are you?” tensely.

  “Me? Oh, I’m a deputy sheriff.”

  Mr. Carroll’s tone was light; in his eyes
was a laugh.

  Almost faster than the eye could follow,
as swift as the strike of a snake, Mr. Con-
way’s gun had flashed into view, the ham-
mer drawn back beneath his thumb, the
muzzle pointed skyward, ready to pull
down.

  “Easy, old-timer,” drawled Carroll, non-
chalantly licking the cigaret he had started
to roll. “I know almost your whole history.
Whitey Dunnigan told it to me. To put it
bluntly, you’re almost pathetic in your de-
sire to stay on the right side of the law —
now, as you put it, you’re getting along in
years. I’m for you, and can use you. This
end of the county needs you.”

  Mr. Conway looked into the other’s eyes,
looked long and searchingly, and was
baffled. Slowly he replaced the Colt.

  “And you’re a depity?” he breathed.
“Workin’ at it?”

  “I sure am!”

  He jerked a thumb toward the pack
horses.

  “Those supplies are for Sheriff Summers’
posse,” Carroll went on. “Ever hear of the
; Yucca Kid?”

   “Yes, I’ve heard of him,” heavily.

 •	“Friend of yours?” asked the deputy
 casually.

   “I ain’t ever met up with him, and I
 ain’t hankerin’ to. He’s got the name of
 bein’ too smooth—as slippery as a fresh-
 peeled tree, and a double-crosser of his pals
 if it will pay him.”

   “Yeh, I guess his pals know that and
 watch him to protect themselves.”

   “Where does he figger in this deal?”

  “We’ve got him cornered in a blind
 canon.”

  “U-u-mm! That explains the load of
 shells.”

   “We’ll likely need all of them. We’ve
 managed to kill off four of his gang, but the
 Kid and his pal are holding out. Seeing
 that you’re so anxious to keep a lily-white
 reputation in California, you might horn in
 and help us get them. Summers will be glad
 to swear you in as a deputy. Three dollars
 a day, a horse, bacon, beans and ammuni-
 tion is better than being stranded here.”

   “You’re darned tootin’ it is! I’ll just
 amble along and sit in the game. We can
 load all the stuff on the other hoss and I can
 ride the sorrel bareback. What’s the lay-
 out?”

   “It started with the lost Florenden mine.
 Ever hear of it? No? Well, some years
 ago old man Florenden blew into Needles
 with some specimens of gold ore rich enough
 to make you blink. But he was plumb
 batty—reckon the sun had got him and he
 couldn’t remember the location of the claim
 he had staked. There was quite a flurry in
 San Berdoo prospecting circles, as you might

 put it, and-knows how many parties

 have tried to find the rich strike. None of
 them did.

   “The old man finally recovers his mind,
 but he’s been too ailing to take another
 desert trip. His family in San Berdoo have
 been nursing him for years. Before he died
 last month he drew a map absolutely locat-
 ing the lost mine. His son, Harry, grew up
 in the mean time, and he was to set out
 and recoup the family fortunes.

  “The boy figures on starting from
 Needles. He gets on the train with his out-
 fit, but the night before he’s ready to start
 he takes a few drinks and talks too much.
 The Yucca Kid bumped him off and stole
 the map. A flock of witnesses saw the
 killing, and when the news was wired to
 San Berdoo, Summers loads his posse and
Reverse Irish

horses into a baggage-car and ‘Santa Fes’ in
a hurry to Needles. From there we trailed
the Kid and bottled him up.

  “Now we’ve got to play a waiting game.
It’s sure death to go after him. He and
his partner can make a Winchester speak
any language. One of our deputies, Ike
Flint, got potted at three hundred yards
with nothing but his forehead showing above"
a rock—a plumb center shot. Summers will
be glad to swear you in in Ike’s place.
We’re going to stay on the job till we
finish it; that’s why I went into Needles for
supplies.”

  Mr. Conway reviewed the situation. He
liked it.

  “And if I git depitized by Summers and
make good, that’ll kinda establish my stand-
ing on this side of the Colorado, hey?”

  “Sure as shooting! Summers is square.
If he takes you on, he’ll have a convenient
lapse of memory if any warrants float across
from Arizona. It’s your chance to get
a fresh start.”

  For a time there was silence. Mr. Con-
way finally squinted at the sun. They were
waiting to cross the blistering thirty-mile
stretch at night.

  “Quite a spell to sundown,” he remarked.
“Got a deck of cards?”

  “Sure! Couple of new decks I was bring-
ing to the boys. How about a little game of
stud?”

  “Suits me,” said Mr. Conway, secretly
rejoicing.

  Mr. Carroll felt the same way, having not
the slightest doubt but that within a short
time he would be able to pocket all the funds
carried by the other man. It might be
mentioned that when not engaged in other
work—work involving the use of a gun and
nerve—Mr. Carroll kept up with the over-
head by his ability to make a deck of cards
say “uncle” when speech was desired.

  The game began, with rifle cartridges for
chips. At sundown Mr. Conway possessed
over three hundred in cash, three horses,
their loads and equipment and about every-
thing else in sight. Mr. Carroll was the
owner of a vague suspicion, the clothes he
wore, and the right to talk to himself. Even
his six-gun now belonged to the better man.
He managed to smile, however, even though
the smile had a southerly twist.

  “You sure hooked me, old-timer, and now
I want you to help me out. Summers and
the bunch will laugh themselves sick if they

find out that I got beaten at stud and lost
even the shells I was bringing in. It’ll be

worse than that; Summers will raise-

with fancy trimmings.

  “The horses were mine, and suppose you
ride the pinto till we get close to camp.
Then I want you to favor me by changing
off and riding the sorrel. That’ll let me out,
see, with the bunch.

  “You’ve got your own guns, so you won’t
have use for mine. For them and the sup-
plies and the pack-horses I’ll be owing you,
say, three hundred bucks. You keep the
pinto and the saddle; I can tell the bunch
that I sold them to you. Savvy?”

  “Sure, that’s all right,” Mr. Conway
hastened to assure him. “You owe me
three hundred; let it go at that. I don’t
want to get you into trouble with the
sheriff.” Pause. “Let’s get started.”

AT DAYBREAK, in the foothills
of the Wolftooth, they stopped
long enough to boil coffee and fry
bacon. Then followed three hours of hard
going. The trail wound up through deep
canons, climbed ridges, descended into
veritable mazes of gullies and climbed again.
They paused to breathe the horses.

  “Say,” propounded Mr. Conway, “what
good is a mine up here? They can never
get the machinery in, and it wouldn’t pay
to carry the ore out.”

  “No? That ore is so danged rich that
a burro-load will be worth fifteen hundred

or so. A couple of hundred burros-”

  “Fifteen hundred! Golly, there might be
millions in it. No wonder there’s been kill-
ings over it!”

  “And there’s liable to be more of them,”
added Carroll.

  By this time they were in a canon that
showed signs of widening. Soon it opened
into a basin, perhaps twenty acres in size.
The flat was rich in grass, and three horses
grazed, restrained by hobbles. A brilliant
ribbon of green marked the course of a
spring trickling down the hillside.

  Part way up the eastern slope of the basin
blazed a camp-fire. Two men were in sight.

  “Better let me go on ahead,” suggested
Carroll. “I want to talk Summers into
taking you on.”

  Mr. Conway showed alarm.

  “Make it good and strong,” he begged.
“I sure do want to get a stand-in with the
sheriff.”
Adventure

  “Leave it to me, old-timer,” replied Car-
roll.

  Mr. Conway watched him ride up the hill
and dismount near the fire. One of the two
men approached, pointed with an obviously
angry gesture down the hill, then put his
arms akimbo, and waited.

  Carroll began talking. Soon, as Mr. Con-
way watched, it was evident that Carroll’s
talk was having effect. The attitude of the
angry one relaxed.

  He turned and shouted up the hill. In
response to this summons three men ap-
peared at widely separated points among the
rocks on the crest. All of them carried
rifles. Two hurried down to the fire; the
third disappeared again.

  Followed a short conversation; then Car-
roll turned and beckoned. Mr. Conway
hastened up the hill, forcing the sorrel in his
eagerness to get on the right side of the law.

  He sized up the four strangers. One in
particular, the man with whom Carroll had
argued, was the type that Mr. Conway’s
experienced eye labeled—

  “Deadly!”

  Physically he was not impressive, being
of medium height and build. But he was
thin-faced, sharp-nosed, lantern-jawed; his
hands betrayed restlessness. Mr. Conway
recalled another sheriff of this type, the
agent of the law in a certain border county
a score of years back, a man who depended
upon nervous energy and speed rather than
physical force, fast as a flash on the draw,
and a ruthless killer when it came to a show-
down with outlaws.

  Mr. Conway swung off his horse, eyed
curiously by the members of the posse, two
of whom were grinning.

  “Sheriff, this is Short-Hand Conway,”
was Carroll’s introduction. “And, Conway,
the guy with the beauty spots called freckles
is ‘Speck’ Malone. This is Bill Hargis.
And the bird with the insipid grizzly-bear
grin is ‘Sandy’ Bowen. ‘Pinkeye’ Sweitzer is
watching the canon. You’ll meet him later.”

  After shaking hands with each in turn
Mr. Conway’s gaze returned to the sheriff.
He looked into close-set, clear, cold, gray
eyes in which lay a smoldering, enigmatic
light that reminded him of a pet puma he
had seen in Prescott. Summers spoke.

  “Bob tells me that you can beat him on
the draw, and that you’re the fellow who
saved Whitey Dunnigan down in Cananea.
He says he’s explained the situation here to

you, and he’s told me of what you’re up
against. Do you want to join us?”

  “I sure do.”

  “That’s fine!”

  Mr. Conway noted a brief flicker in the
sheriff’s eyes. It might have been a hint of
amusement, a smile of satisfaction or a show
of liking and friendliness. Mr. Conway did
not stop to analyze, for Summers continued
speaking:	—

  “You’ll have your work cut out for you—
to make good with me. Come along and
I’ll show you.”

  Mr. Conway followed the officer up the
hill. He noted at the same time that Carroll
started toward the spot where, a few min-
utes before, the fifth man of the posse had
disappeared among the rocks. At the
summit the sheriff ducked low and sidled
up behind a rock. Mr. Conway imitated
his caution.

  “Take a look,” invited Summers, “but
dodge back quick and look again from
another place. They shoot to kill—and
they make center shots if you give them
half a chance.”

  Mr. Conway raised his head above the
top of the rock. Below him lay a small val-
ley, from three to four hundred yards in
width and half a mile in length. Both ends
were closed by perpendicular walls, the
northern one at least one hundred feet in
height, the southern one perhaps forty.
The eastern side was a bulk of sheer tower-
ing cliff. It was apparent at a glance that
three sides of the valley offered no hope of
escape for the outlaws.

  At the foot of the opposite cliff was the
mouth of a tunnel, where old Florenden had
blasted and burrowed as he followed a
stringer leading into the big vein of gold.
Rocks and earth lay heaped in a semi-circle
in front of the tunnel, and from the shelter
of this debris a Winchester suddenly spat.
A jagged bit of stone flew up and sent Mr.
Conway’s hat sailing. “Whee-e-e,” sounded
the weird scream of a flattened bullet
“diminuendoing” westward.

  Mr. Conway dropped back to shelter.

  “I told you to dodge pronto,'1’ Summers
remarked in a matter-of-fact tone. “That
was poor shooting—for them. Must have
missed by four or five inches. Now you can
see what we’re up against. We’ve got to
starve them out, and how long that’ll take
is a problem. I’m due back in San Bernar-
dino before this.”
Reverse Irish

  Mr. Conway recovered his hat and
thoughtfully inspected the new dimple the
bit of rock had dented into the top of the
crown.

  “And where do I come in?” he inquired.
“Right here—to speed things up. There’s
only one way out of the trap—the valley
here—and that’s a trail about two hundred
feet to the north. One of my men is watch-
ing it every minute. Two men watch it at
night. I want a man to sneak down the
trail in the darkness, hide out and wait till
daylight. Then he may be able to flank
those birds with rifle-fire.

  “But Ike’s death has been a lesson to us.
Even Bob Carroll draws the line at going
down into the valley. Down there the
birds in the tunnel will have the advantage.
Bob says they’ve got advantage enough
now—with their accurate shooting.”

  “Huh! I take it that you want me to be
the sacrifice.”

  “Not exactly that. You can use your
judgment about going. But if you help to
speed things up by potting those two
hombres, why, you’ll be helping yourself.
I’ll do anything for you. You can be my
head deputy if you want the job. And
you’ll be safe as far as Arizona warrants are
concerned.”

  Safe from Arizona warrants! This prom-
ise was the deciding point with Mr. Con-
way. He would attempt the job at which
the deputies had balked. After stealing two
more hasty looks down into the valley he
seated himself with his back against a rock,
rolled a cigaret, then grinned at the sheriff.

  “Why don’t you send a man around to
the top of the cliff above the tunnel? Or to
the head of the valley? From either place
it will be easy to drop lead down behind
that dump of rocks.”

  “Haven’t we tried it?” growled Summers.
“It would take a pair of wings to get a man
up there. The head of the valley would be
the easiest. A sixty-foot ladder would make
it.”

  “All I want is about a sixty-foot rope,”
said Mr. Conway. “I’m going to drop into
the valley tonight from the lower end.”

B^IB AT TWO o’clock in the morning
Mr. Conway was in the valley.
■ Si Silently, in his stocking feet, he
felt his way along the base of the eastern
cliff toward the tunnel. Behind him a rope
of halters tied together dangled from the

lowest point on the rocks. Stationed at the
upper end of the rope were Sheriff Summers
and Bob Carroll. Three sharp jerks at the
rope was the prearranged signal for them to
pull Mr. Conway up the face of the rocky
wall in case he wished to confer with them or
had found unfeasible his plan of single-
handed attack.

  Half an hour later Mr. Conway, pursuing
Indian tactics, had reached within twenty
feet of the tunnel’s mouth. There, flat on
his stomach in the deep shadow of the cliff,
he lay listening. Boots had been discarded
as being out of the question; the slightest
sound might draw gun-fire. He had even
removed his belt, lest the buckle clatter on
a rock as he crawled along. A knotted bit
of rope now held up his trousers. His Colt
had been carried inside his shirt. He had
even rolled his shirt sleeves above his elbows
for fear the faint click of a wrist button
against a rock might spoil his plan.

  Now, the Colt in his right hand, with
infinite caution he drew himself ahead six
inches. Again he paused to listen. A full
minute elapsed before he moved another
few inches. He was careful about his
breathing.

  Exaggerated caution? No! Within a few
feet, on the other side of the dump, lay an
armed and -desperate man. An occasional
body movement, a faint swish of cloth on
dirt, enabled Mr. Conway to locate the po-
sition of the man on guard.

  The very silence of the mountain night
rendered more difficult Mr. Conway’s task.
The faint, faint yapping of a distant coyote
and the occasional call of a night bird were
the only sounds.

  His fingers settled on a tiny pebble. He
drew back his right arm. His shoulder
joint creaked alarmingly. Momentarily he
held his breath. Then with a full-arm
swing he threw the stone. It clattered on
the ground a score of feet on the far side of
the dump.

  A quick rustle and then silence on the
part of the watcher betrayed alarm. Came
the soft click of a rifle being cocked.

  Mr. Conway flung another pebble, then
cautiously arose to a crouching position.
He saw the guard, a vague blur in the dark-
ness, less than ten feet away, his eyes and
faculties evidently concentrated in the
opposite direction.

  Two quick steps to the top of the dump,
then a rock rolled from beneath Mr.
170

Adventure

Conway’s foot. It was no time for inde-
cision; nor was there time for thought.

  Mr. Conway acted on instinct. He leaped
as the guard turned. The butt of his Colt
crashed on the other’s skull.

  His left hand encountered the rifle. He
seized it. The guard’s knees were bending;
he slumped to the ground.

  The light snores of the sleeper within the
tunnel had ceased abruptly. Mr. Conway
stepped in haste to one side of the tunnel’s
mouth, and stuck out his foot as the second
man, rifle in hand, came running into the
open. The runner fell sprawling; his rifle
clattered on to the dump. Before he could
arise Mr. Conway had straddled the small
of his back. The muzzle of the old .41 was
pressed hard behind the ear of the prostrate
man.

  “Lay still! You’re under arrest!” an-
nounced Mr. Conway.

  “Under arrest!” spluttered the other.
“Which one of us is crazy? Why don’t you
shoot and be done with it?”

  “Sure, you’re under arrest.”

  Mr. Conway’s tone was almost gay, now
that he had pulled off the coup that would
put him strongly into the good graces of
the sheriff.

  “The-1 am! Who in blazes are you?”

  “I’m one of Summers’ depities.”

  Mr. Conway cast a wary glance toward
the prostrate form of the man he had first
struck down.

 “The-you are! “Why, you-”

  The rest of the peroration was unneces-
sarily profane, but in it Mr. Conway caught
an unmistakable ring of sincerity, and was
puzzled.

  “Which one of you’s the Yucca Kid?” he
inquired rather aimlessly.

  Something seemed to be wrong.

  “The Yucca Kid! You certainly are
crazy. I’m Sheriff Summers!”

  “Sure, sure!” said Mr. Conway sooth-
ingly. “And I’m Alexander the Great!”

  He looked toward the western side of the
valley, opened his mouth to utter the cow-
boy yell that would bring four deputies to
his assistance, then suddenly hesitated and
silently exhaled the full breath he had drawn
for the shout. He had been struck by what he

would have termed “a-of a big hunch.”

  Little oddities in the manners of the men
with whom he had leagued and slight dis-
crepancies in their stories suddenly loomed
big. He was glad he had not yelled. It

might be better to investigate a little. His
hunch was very strong.

  “Looky here,” he said, prodding his cap-
tive, “you say you’re the sheriff. Can you
prove it?”

  “Of course I can. Let me up. My badge
is on my vest. In my pocket I’ve got the
remains of the warrants for the Yucca Kid
and half a dozen John Does.”

  Mr. Conway did not allow the other man
to arise. Mechanically he kept the gun
muzzle against his head and continued to
sit astride him.

  “Ain’t you one of the Kid’s men?”
finally inquired the other, a new note in the
voice that a few moments before had been
grating, desperate.

  “——, no! I was sworn in on the posse
to get the Kid.”

  “You’re either a-fool or a stranger—

perhaps both,” said the sheriff. “Were you
to get a reward if you got us?”

  “I sure was—a big one.”

  “You’d have got it in the shape of a bul-
let in the back. The Kid has been up to his
old tricks. He’s got a brain, and almost as
big a queer sense of humor as Bob Carroll.
Did you meet Bob?”

  “He’s the one who rung me in on the
posse.”

  “And he’s also the nerviest, dirtiest, cold-
bloodedest fox in seven States. He’s more
than a match for the Yucca Kid. I’m Sher-
iff Summers, all right. Let me get up and
prove it.”

  “Describe the Yucca Kid.”

“He’s lean, hatchet-faced and cold-eyed.”
“Correct. I’ll let you up, but it’s the
Kid himself who saved you. If I hadn’t
thought of a few things I would have yelled
for help the moment I had you down.

  “He told me to shoot both of you, and
take no chances. He sat all over any possi-
bility of taking you alive. That didn’t ring
quite right for a sheriff. I had thought it
queer that none of the posse showed tin-
ware—stars or badges. And they all
watched me like hawks.

  “Besides that, I didn’t exactly like their
drawing aside every once in a while for
whispered talks. And a couple of them
couldn’t keep their faces straight. I know
why now; they certainly had one rich joke.

-them!”

  The sheriff had turned over to a sitting
position. Mr. Conway was on his knees,
still keeping his gun on the other man.
Reverse Irish

  “That Colt seems to doubt me. Here’s'
my badge.”

  Mr. Conway felt of it in the darkness.
“Seems all right. Now if you’re the
sheriff, tell me how you got cornered.”
“Like a bunch of calves. When I heard
that six men were out with the Kid I gath-
ered a posse of five. They were picked
shots, and the only available men of the
type I wanted.

  “We trailed the Kid’s gang in here—two
days behind them. Then we lost the trail
among the rocks on top of the ridge, the one
right across the valley. We sighted the
tunnel, and guessed it to be Florenden’s
mine. So we all rode down Florenden’s
trail into the valley—to investigate.

  “The Kid’s gang came out of conceal-
ment in the rocks above and opened tire.
We didn’t have a chance. Bud Hopkins
and me managed to reach the tunnel, and
we’ve held out since.

  “The gang shot down four of us, and
from inside the tunnel we watched them
pumping more lead into the bodies. Then
they started shooting our horses. That’s
when I potted one of them.”

  “Ike Flint,” supplied Mr. Conway.

  “So Ike was one of them. Too bad!
Well, the Kid’s been trying to get us ever
since. He’s got to get us, to protect himself,
after the butchery of four deputies. Say,
where’s Bud?”

  “Right there. He’ll come around all
right. I cracked him with my gun-butt,
and I didn’t hit hard enough to kill him.
He had his hat on, and the thick felt pro-
tected him to a certain extent; so don’t
worry.”

  “How’d you happen to join up with the
Kid?” queried Summers, kneeling to ascer-
tain the size of the bump on Hopkins’ head.

  “Golly, sheriff, that’s what I want to tell
you. I was tryin’ to serve the law.”

  “Say, who in sky-blue-pink blazes threw
the cliff at me?” suddenly demanded Hop-
kins in a rather shaky voice.

  “There you are, sheriff,” uttered Mr.
Conway in relief. “I told you he’d come
around. He wouldn’t swear like that if he
was gonna die.”

  “You’re blankety right! I’m not dead
yet. Oo-oh! My head!” groaned Mr. Hop-
kins, sitting up. “What happened? Is it
still tonight, or some other time? How long
have I been here?”

  Then he caught sight of Mr. Conway.

 “Gosh, Cal! We’ve got company. Who’s
 the gent?”

 “Search me. He knocked you cold and
 then got me dead to rights. Outside of
 that he seems to like us.”

 “I’m Michael Conway — Short - Hand
 Conway,” was the volunteered information.

 “The dickens you are!” Summers blurted
 out in surprize. “I’ve heard of you. Ain’t
 you kinda strayed off your range?”

 “Some!” was the admission. “And I’m
 gonna stay off.”

 Thereupon Mr. Conway proceeded to
 sketch the events leading up to his attempt-
 ed use as a cats’ paw by the outlaws. “And
 here we are,” he finished.

 For several moments there was silence,
 broken at last by Mr. Hopkins.

 “Well, I’ll be -!” was his weighty

 utterance.

 “You covered the ground there, Bud,”
 declared Summers. “The same goes for me.
 Ain’t it a lulu of a yarn?”

 “Yarn!”

 Mr. Conway was indignant.

 “It’s the Gospel truth. I’ve shot square
 with you, sheriff—jail-break and all.”
 “Jail-break!”

 Summers choked slightly.

 “That wasn’t a jail-break; it’s the fun-
 niest thing I’ve heard this year.”

 “Now looky here, sheriff. I went into
 this thing because I wanted to be a law-
 abidin’ citizen—in California. I was seri-
 ous; it meant so-much to me. And I

 let a gang of coyotes pull an awful whizzer
 on me. I’m sore—clean through! I’m

 gonna get back at them—plenty. To-

 with immunity. This is a personal matter
 now. So long!”

 Mr. Conway started to climb over the
 dump, a seething, boiling vessel of wrath.
 Then he stopped.

 “Say, you fellows take off your boots and
 sneak along the cliff till you come to a rope.
 It’s down at the lowest rocks. Wait there.
 Don’t make a sound. This is gonna be
 good. The first guy to come down the rope
 will be the Yucca Kid. And I won’t send
 a blue-print along with him, either. Use
 your own judgment.”

 Hopkins chuckled, despite his throbbing
 head.

 “You won’t have to send a blue-print,”
 was Summers’ dry assurance. “But sup-
 pose they’ve heard us talking?”

 “They won’t. We’ve been darned low
17 2

Adventure

and earnest. And I’ve got the ‘out’ that it
was the two of you talkin’. They couldn’t
have heard the words—if they heard any-
thing at all.”

PSelft MR. CONWAY disappeared in the
|W2I| darkness.

        Five minutes later he jerked
three times at the rope and was pulled up
the cliff.

  “What in-is the matter with you?”

demanded the Kid. “Cold feet?”

  “No! It’s a cinch. 1 crawled right up to
the dump and listened to them talk. But
it was too big a gamble without a little help.

  “I want you to come with me, sheriff.
You’ve seen that rock about a hundred feet
this side of the tunnel. You lay behind
that, see, and give me half an hour or so to
sneak around to the other side of the dump.

  “Then you shoot, once, savvy, and that
shot’ll be the signal for me to jump up and
pot them. They’ll both be lookin’ this way,
and I can get them from behind. I’ll pot
them from six or eight feet away.”

  '“That’s the only way to do it—to make
sure,” agreed the Kid. “I’ll fire the shot in
half an hour, and they’ll be easy pickings
for you.”

  “Let’s go,” suggested Mr. Conway.
“Better take off your boots here. Your feet
won’t get cut, if you walk slow enough.”

  The Kid sat down. Messrs. Conway and
Carroll pulled off his boots.

  “You’re heavier than me,” Mr. Conway
then pointed out. “Carroll and me will
lower you down, then Carroll alone can
handle my weight without trouble.”

  The Kid readily fell in with this sugges-
tion; when possible he played safe.

  With the two men paying out on the rope,
the Kid descended into the valley. The
rope suddenly went slack. From below, Mr.
Conway heard a faint sound, suggesting the
smash of a gun-butt on a Stetson, with the
Kid’s head inside the Stetson.

  “What was that?” inquired Mr. Carroll
suspiciously, leaning over to peer below.

  “This!” replied Mr. Conway, as he black-
jacked the other man with his Colt and
pulled him back from the edge.

  Then he hauled up the rope, tied one end
of it beneath the arms of the unconscious
Mr. Carroll, pushed him over the edge and
started lowering him down to the waiting
officers. He heard the click of handcuffs.
The rope went slack.

  “Tally two!” he called out, exuberantly
but softly.

  “Got any more?” was the sheriff’s
guarded answer.

  “Not here. But hold your hosses and
I’ll get some more. Stay there, so I’ll know
where you are. Come a-runnin’ up the
trail when you hear me yell ‘Tally six’!”

  With that, Mr. Conway waited until the
rope had been disengaged, then pulled it
up, coiled it and carried it away with him.

  Speck Malone and Bill Hargis had just
been relieved from (heir four-hour watch at
the head of the trail. They had thrown
fresh fuel on the camp-fire, causing it to
blaze high.

  This was not at all to the liking of Mr.
Conway. Darkness in large quantities was
what he craved, with the odds four to one
against him. The alert pair of desperadoes
on guard less than two hundred feet away
complicated his problem. There could be
no violence or holding-up tactics in the
glare of the fire. The nearness of one pair
of outlaws served automatically to guard
the other pair.

  Momentarily Mr. Conway thought of
obtaining the assistance of Summers and
Hopkins. Then he dismissed the idea. He
was mad, sore clear through, and it would
give him deep satisfaction to complete the
job single-handed—to deliver all six of the
gang to the sheriff.

 “Deliver-”

  Mr. Conway ceased cogitating, and
grinned. The word had suggested a plan,
one that was neat, feasible and of particular
appeal to his sense of the fitting and proper.

  He dropped the coil of rope on to a boul-
der, and walked boldly into the glare of the
fire, where Speck Malone had started to
pull off his boots preparatory to rolling into
his blankets.

  “Say, Speck, the sheriff and Carroll want
you in on some kind of a scheme. You’re to
come back with me.”

  “Sufferin’ Christmas-trees! Can’t a man
get any sleep?”

  Still grumbling, Speck pulled the boot
back on, rebuckled his gun-belt, took up
his rifle and started for the lower end of the
ridge.

  With Speck going on ahead it was easy for
Mr. Conway to regain possession of the
rope.

  “Easy—not so much noise,” he cautioned.
“Better let me lead the way.”
Reverse Irish

173

  “Lead, if you can do it so smoked-up
well,” was Speck’s surly answer.

  Mr. Conway guided Speck to the lowest
point on the rocks.

  “Where’s, the—sheriff?” was the sus-
picious inquiry.

  “Down there—and no more talking.
You’re to join them.”

 “The-I am!”

  “That’s Summers’ order. Put your foot
in I his loop of the rope. I’ll lower you
down.”

  Perforce Speck obeyed. One thing the
Yucca Kid did not tolerate was insubordi-
nation.

  With Speck lowered half-way Mr. Con-
way guardedly called out:

  “Here comes Speck! Watch out for him,
Summers.”

  A few seconds later as the rope slackened
came sounds indicating that Speck had
been taken care of. First a thud, then,
several seconds later, the click of hand-
cuffs. Mr. Conway hauled up the rope.
He didn’t care at all about the method taken
to prevent the prisoners from calling out
the alarm when they regained conscious-
ness. That was up to the sheriff.

  After placing Speck’s rifle in the patch of
brush where he had cached those belonging
to the Kid and Carroll, Mr. Conway leaned
over the cliff.

  “I’ll be back in fifteen minutes with
another one,” he announced.

  “What do you do to them?” was Sum-
mers’ facetious query. “Hypnotize them?”

  “Yes, with my Colt, if they won’t believe
fairy tak*s.”

  With that Mr. Conway departed to get
another prisoner while the getting was
good.

  On schedule, fifteen minutes later, he
returned with Sandy Bowen. Sandy had
been easily enticed, even though his partner,
Sweitzer, on guard, was suspicious of Mr.
Conway. But Sandy feared the Kid’s
wrath if he failed to answer the alleged
summons. He was lowered down the rope,
to sudden unconsciousness, from which he
presently emerged to discover himself hand-
cuffed, his ankles strapped with a double
turn of his gun-belt, and gagged with strips
of his own shirt.

  In the mean time Mr. Conway had start-
ed again toward the camp. Only two men
were left—Bill Hargis, who by now un-
doubtedly was asleep, and Pinkeye Sweit-

zer, to whom Mr. Conway had not been
introduced until late in the afternoon.

  Mr. Sweitzer was now alone on guard at
the trail. He was regarded by Mr. Conway
as being the most dangerous man in the
gang. His appearance and attitude were
truculence personified, and he kept the
bottom of his holster strapped down low on
his thigh.

  “I’ll just leave that Sweitzer bird to the
last,” was Mr. Conway’s decision. “He’s
gonna start somethin’, or signs ain’t worth

a nickel-plated -. He don’t like me,

and I got even less use for him.”

  Therefore Bill Hargis was awakened from
peaceful slumber and notified that his pres-
ence was desired at a reception to be held by
Sheriff Summers and Bob Carroll. Bill
cussed with obvious sincerity, then crawled
out of the blankets.

  At that moment Mr. Sweitzer was re-
vealed by the light of the fire. Walking
with soft tread, his rifle at his hip menacing
Mr. Conway, he approached.

  “Bill, does this guy say that Carroll
wants you?”

  “Yeh. Why?”

  “It sounds almighty queer to me—and
his cornin’ to get us one at a time looks
wrong.”

  “Mentionin’ ‘wrong,’ Sweitzer, reminds
me that you’ll be in darned wrong with
Summers for leavin’ the trail unguarded,”
drawled Mr. Conway, his eyes narrowed and
watching Sweitzer’s rifle.

  “What’s the trail—if you’re gettin’ away
with some funny business? I don’t know
who you are. The rest of the bunch think
you’re a-fool. I don’t.

  “Bill, you hustle up to the trail. I’m
goin’ to investigate what’s goin’ on. I’m
goin’ to keep this guy covered till I’m sure
that things are right.”

  He shifted the rifle, perhaps an inch.

  The inch was enough for Mr. Conway.
Out came his Colt. He threw himself full
length sidewise. The Colt barked three
times before he struck the ground. The
rifle roared once, and missed by three feet.
Mr. Sweitzer doubled up and lost all interest
in his contemplated investigation.

  No sooner had Mr. Conway fallen than he
twisted around. His weapon covered Bill
Hargis, who had started to reach for his
gun-belt.

  “Stop, Bill! I don’t want to shoot you!”

  Bill stopped, and raised his hands.
174

Adventure

  “Now roll yourself in your blanket.”

  Bill rolled. Mr. Conway strapped the
gun-belt tight above Bill’s elbows and bound
his ankles with thongs cut from a near-by
saddle. Then he hastened to the top of the
ridge.

  “Tally six!” was the call that faintly
reached the ears of Summers and Hopkins.

  Ten minutes later the officers climbed up
the trail and came into the firelight. Mr.
Conway had thrown on more fuel. The
light revealed both men as gaunt and hag-
gard; this appearance was emphasized by
dirt and growths of beard, and exaggerated
in turn by the flickering blaze.

  Summers glanced sharply about, saw
Sweitzer’s body and the trussed-up form of
Bill Hargis, then advanced with out-
stretched hand. Mr. Conway took it.

  “Conway,” said the sheriff, “I don’t have
to tell you that you saved our lives. But
I want to tell you this: If you ever get
extradited it will be because I am in my
grave. You say you want to serve the law?”
“Sure! I’m gittin’ along in years, and
I-”

  “That’s enough,” interrupted the sheriff.
“How would you like the job of cleanin’ up
a town that claims it’s bad?”

  “First rate,” grinned Mr. Conway.
“Where is it?”

  “On the Mohave Desert. A new boom'oil-
town called Derrickville. It’s wide open.
All the thieves, yeggs, gamblers, toughs
and everything that’s bad in Nevada,
Arizona and California have flocked in
there.

  “San Bernardino County is big. I can’t
be everywhere at onre. Derrickville as it is

at present is a black eye to the whole state.
They have no law there. Do you want to
go there wearing a deputy’s badge and be
the law?”

  “Do I? Lead me to it!”

  Mr. Conway’s tone was fervent.

  “The job’s yours, and you get no instruc-
tions except to clean it up. As you said to
me, ‘I won’t give you a blue-print.’ Use
your own judgment.”

  The rest of the story can best be told by
a letter that Sheriff Summers received six
weeks later. It read as follows:

Dear Sheriff:

  That deputy stunt is off. I am resigning hereby.
The town was sure wild, but she’s sure tame now.
That last bunch of three shot-up birds just about

cleaned up.

  I ain’t killed anybody yet, but that’s my fault.
I only shot to wing them when I had to shoot.
The rest of them know that I mean business. The
town’s getting so good that they’ve started to build
a church.

  The town ain’t incorporated yet, but yesterday
I was elected mayor anyway. Also marshal, justice
of the peace, coroner and a few more things that
F can’t think of off-hand. The salaries don’t amount
to much, but I’ll sure get it, because I’m the tax-
collector, too.

  hut wages ain’t worrying me none. This town
has the rottenest bunch of poker-players I ever had
the luck to run across.

  I'm sure glad Bob Carroll owned up that I won
the three horses from him. Let men coming this
way ride them over for me to save their stage-fare.

  Also find out for me what it costs to get ma-
chinery for a laundry. I want to start one and
drive the chinks out. A steam one, I mean, with
some one else doing the work for me.

  How much does pavement cost? I’m going to
have the main street paved as soon as I collect
taxes enough.

Respectfully,

Michael Conway.
   Our Camp-Fire came into being May 5, 1912, with our June issue, and since then
its fire has never died down. Many have gathered about it and they are of all classes
and degrees, high and low, rich and poor, adventurers and stay-at-homes, and from all
parts of the earth. Some whose voices we used to know have taken the Long Trail
and are heard no more, but they are still memories among us, and new voices are
heard, and welcomed.

   We are drawn together by a common liking for the strong, clean things of out-of-
doors, for word from the earth’s far places, for man in action instead of caged by cir-
cumstance. The spirit of adventure lives in all men; the rest is chance.

   But something besides a common interest holds us together. Somehow a real com-
radeship has grown up among us. Men can not thus meet and talk together without
growing into friendlier relations; many a time does one of us come to the rest for facts
and guidance; many a close personal friendship has our Camp-Fire built up between
two men who had never met; often has it proved an open sesame between strangers
in a far land.

   Perhaps our Camp-Fire is even a little more. Perhaps it is a bit of leaven working
gently among those of different station toward the fuller and more human understand-
ing and sympathy that will some day bring to man the real democracy and brotherhood
he seeks. Few indeed are the agencies that bring together on a friendly footing so many
and such great extremes as here. And we are numbered by the hundred thousand now.

    If you are come to our Camp-Fire for the first time and find you like the things we
like, join us and find yourself very welcome. There is no obligation except ordinary
manliness, no forms or ceremonies, no dues, no officers, no anything except men and
women gathered for interest and friendliness. Your desire to join makes you a member.

LETTERS from Bill Adams of our
J writers’ brigade make good listening,
very good. He didn’t write the following
for publication. I’m taking a liberty in
printing it, for it is not the kind of thing
that should not be passed on. Most of us
need things like this far more than we need
the money we struggle for:

                             Lindsay, California.
On the way to Frisco I rode with raggedys in-
numerable, and for 150 miles yesterday with one
who was a dumb deaf-mute and had but one eye
at that!

“We’re all on the way,” said one of them to me,
with a whimsical look upon his travel-stained
countenance, “but where is it we’re all a-goin’?” '
Said I to him: “D’you like flowers of the spring?”
Said he to me, with a curious look, as though a
little child were homesick:

  “I sure do, partner.”

  Says I to him: “Raggedy, old-timer, that’s where
we’re all of us goin’—in search of a flower-bloom of
spring-time.”

  The old battered hobo looked at me with his
two eyes all a-pucker, searching for whatever it was
that he thought lay hid in my mind, and presently:
“Aye—that’s it! That’s what it is—lookin’ fer
a flower as won’t fade when Summer comes, eh?”
said he.

  And together we rode past a church with a big
brazen bell and a gold cross upon its steeple; and
endless folks full of sanctity—full as apple dumplings
are of apple within; but much less delectable.

AND I have been of evenings sitting with cap-
tains of the gone years, whose once valiant
ships are to-day deep down under. They laughed
at and with me, and I made them hold their sides.
And the old wife of one of them, with whom I sailed
a many times in other days around the Horn, held
her sides and said she:

  “Oh, my—Adams, I’ve laughed till I’m sick!”
And at that I, too, laughed, looking at the picture
of a tall low clipper on the wall above her; and
hearing sea laughter and waves rolling by, with bright
music as the music of eternity’s happy harping.

  “Come soon, and see us again, Adams,” said the
old white-haired woman who is very, very close
to the gentle port that men call by a dark name
“Death,” whereas it should be called “Joy harbor,”
since the soundings are clear all about it.

  The skipper gave me a picture of the old ship
running round the Horn under main and fore reefed
topsails, and stays’l’s, in a big brave sea; and also
charts without number, and the collar of the old
ship’s dog for my dog of today.

AN OLD wrinkle-eyed sea-captain, who dwells
high in hills upon a farm where pears and nuts
grow, when my old skipper, introducing me, said:
“Here’s one of my apprentices. He’s gone to writing

175
176

Adventure

sea-stories,” said, “Then I’ll tell him some, too.”
And he told me, with both hands on his knees, and
his stubby body bowed forward, and his eyes sea-
bright as the sun on the tides of dawn, the story of
“Wag-hash, the ship’s dog,” and the tale also of the
rooster which made soup for thirty scurvy-rid sailors
in the China sea.

  And as long as there’s a laugh to go round who
cares if our bellies arc empty and the cracks in our
palms are sore? When the winds of the Horn wail
by? We are men, the sons of men, and the singers
of chanteys that shall ever be deathless, are we not?

  Weaver asked me if I wuz religious. A hard thing
to answer. There are few indeed who are not so.
But tastes and opinions vary so.

  I have been toasting three captains in whisky as
old as themselves.

  How should I know whether I am religious? And
what does it matter? As long as my hands haul on the
sheet and I know the rollick of the chantey.—Bill.

HARRY D. COUZENS, whose complete
novelette appears in this issue, died in
Arizona in May, 1914, after a long, brave
fight against tuberculosis. Our reprinting
“Brethren of the Beach” in enlarged form
is explained in a note at the beginning of
the story.

 You old-timers will remember him, for
his stories were favorites with you. Per-
sonally he was a man. If you knew him
you liked him and admired him.

 The following is from the Arizona Re-
publican of May 20, 1914:

T1J. D. COUZENS was for many years one of the
most prominent residents of Honolulu, T. H.,
where he held the position of chief deputy in the
internal revenue service of the United States, and
in that capacity gained distinction for efficiency in
the performance of the duties of an office which, in
that territory where smuggling and other illicit
practises were unusually prevalent, required the
exercise of much hardihood and courage.

  During his residence in Honolulu and later in
Los Angeles and New York, Mr. Couzens worked
assiduously at writing and painting, in both of which
arts he gained a wide reputation. Although his
pictures, depicting different phases of the tribal life
of the natives of Hawaii and of aborigines of other
parts of the world, brought him repeatedly into
favorable prominence in the United States, his
greatest reputation,was earned as a writer of adven-
ture stories full of the tang of the South Seas and
accurately descriptive of the islanders and of the
varied types of white men who live among them.
His knowledge of these people was obtained through
personal association during his living and voyaging
among the myriad islands of the southern seas and
his writing was correspondingly true to life.

HE WAS, I think, the subject of the first
of those informal talks that grew into
our “Camp-Fire” department—when only
the page facing the opening page of an issue
was used for the purpose. In those first

days the author did not talk direct to readers
but sent me the material from which I made
my little “talk.”

THE following is his letter to me, giving
me the information I used in that, first

talk :

   Bom Virginia. Ancestors, father’s side, long line
of sea-captains back to Matthew Couzens, original
settler at Newport, who was captain of British
privateer. Hence roving disposition, I suppose.
Educated and intended for civil engineer. Left
New York in 1886 for Honolulu where I lived 4
years, returning in 1890 to New York intending to
finish my engineering course and continue as the
successor of my grandfather, Matthew K. Couzens,
a civil engineer of Yonkers, N. Y., but found I was
too good a draftsman. Had always done drawing
and painting after a fashion but decided to take up
art seriously as a career. I studied at the Art
League and the old William M. Chase school on
23rd Street and later went to Paris where I studied
in the Julian school and in the studios of Carolus
Duran and J. L. G6rome. As I had no funds for
this, I was obliged to earn every cent as I went
along and my years of study were a period of some
privation upon which I do not look back with much
pleasure. I have a house in Paris, or rather the
little suburb of Renard, which I haven’t seen for
fifteen years.

TN 1899 I left New York for Honolulu and lived

   there till 1907. In 1900, when the islands were
formally annexed to the U. S. I was appointed Chief
Deputy in the Internal Revenue service and held
that office in Honolulu till 1900. From 1907 till
1909 I lived in San Francisco when, by special re-
quest I accepted the appointment of Chief Deputy
of Internal Revenue in Los Angeles. California
had been divided into two official districts and my
services were in demand as an expert to help them
establish the new Southern District. I accepted a
00-day appointment but at the end of that period
was asked to officiate for 60 days longer and did so.
I came to New York in 1910, returning to Los
Angeles in January, 1911, to settle some business
matters.

CO MUCH for bare facts. These as they stand

   are not particularly interesting and you can
utilize them as you see fit. The real stuff that you
want I’ll try to string along at random. For in-
stance:

   I have cruised in the South Seas, have chummed
with traders, blackbirders, beach-combers, remit-
tance-men and sailors. Kipling once said that if
one lived at Port Said long enough he would meet
everybody in the world. I think this is truer of
Honolulu than it is of Port Said—at least you’ll
meet them there in less time. I met Robert Louis
Stevenson in King Kalakaua’s stand at the old race-
track, and I’ve sat with Jack London on the lanai
of the Seaside Hotel and heard him roast his critics
by the hour. I have gone back and forth across the
Pacific on Army transports and found old school-
mates in captain’s uniform seated opposite me at
mess. I think I have as large a nodding or speaking
acquaintance as any man in the world.

   This may be trite enough stuff and I realize that
The Camp-Fire

i '77

you want things you can use to advantage. It is
harder, I assure you, to write this sort of thing than
episodic fiction. I may say that my best friend in
Honolulu was Captain Albert H. Otis, who was
captain of the yacht “Casco” when Stevenson took
his celebrated cruise, and who is the original of
“Captain Nares” in “The Wrecker.” He, dear man,
has been the unconscious original of more than one
of my fictitious sailor-men.

T HAVE slept out in the hills in the quest for
moonshiners, and being entirely an out-of-door
man by instinct and inclination have ridden horses
of all tempers and breeds, sailed boats of all rigs,
and used firearms of all descriptions since I was too
young to remember. Revolver-shooting is a hobby
and I have several trophies for revolver and shot-
gun work. Like Stevenson, I too have slept out in
Portsmouth Square under the sky; and, like him too,
all my life I have tried to write and seen my most
ambitious efforts (essays, etc.) overlooked. Here
the resemblance probably ceases.

T HAVE always had the inclination for literature
and have been actually writing for publication
since 1894, when a story of mine which appeared
in Outing fired me with the ambition to peg away
and make good in this way, but it was later, when I
was in the Revenue Service in Honolulu, that I
began to tackle the real stuff. I used to go down
to the office in the old Palace and plug away on my
stories (sometimes all night long) and many of my
things that are appearing now are the direct result
of that patient industry. Some of it I sold, but I
hoarded the rest against the great idea of coming
East to the proper market for it and making good.

   I was actually on my way to New York with this
idea when I reached San Francisco in 1907. Then
I reasoned with myself something after this fashion:
I knew San Francisco, after a fashion, but I knew
no one there who would be of the slightest use or
help to me, whereas in New York I had friends and
influence. Why, then, would it not be a good idea
to “try it on the dog?” In other words, see if I
could make good there first. I set myself a mark.
It was to sell Sunset Magazine a good story (one
that I approved of myself), illustrated by myself
and then I would keep on my way East.

   Well, I did it. I sold them a good many other
things, cover pictures, illustrations, etc., and did
considerable work for the art department of the
Southern Pacific. I turned out stuff for various
publications including the Western Field, the News-
Letter and Crocker’s monthly and had various in-
terests with engraving firms and lithographers that
kept me pretty busy. I felt in the beginning that
I was taking a sporting chance. That was my reason
for stopping there in the first place, but as soon as
they published “On Mokapu Beach” with my illus-
trations I packed my trunks.

   Then came the appointment to the District of
Southern California and I spent the following year
there looking out for the interests of Uncle Sam,
shooting quail and ducks and catching rainbow
trout—altogether a busy and interesting year.

T THINK this is about all. I know you don’t
want anything of the personal adventure stuff
in this else I could branch off into various flights.
Perhaps you can find enough to answer your purpose
in what I have written here. You might dwell on
12

the fact that the South Seas and its people and what
men do with schooners have been the things of
particular interest to me and I have made an effort
to set some of them down in an interesting way.
I’m still trying of course and I trust that Billy
Englehart and I will have many a wild cruise to-
gether. The company of that celebrated ruffian
is meat and drink to me, as Billy Bones says.

X7”OU will be interested to know that the
^ O. Henry Memorial committee in
awarding the prizes for the best stories of
the year chose as one high on their selected
list “Rra Boloi,” by Crosbie Garstin, pub-
lished in our magazine during 1921. Un-
fortunately when they wrote to find out
whether Mr. Garstin is an American—
prizes can be given only to stories by Ameri-
can authors published in American maga-
zines—the facts compelled me to tell them
that he is an Englishman.

  Here is part of a letter from Mrs. Ethel
Watts Mumford of the prize story com-
mittee:

  I am sorry that we can not include Mr. Garstin’s
story in the 1921 0. Henry Memorial Book. The
prize judges passed upon it with a most unusual
unanimity as the best horror story of the year. It
might interest Mr. Garstin to know that Dr.
Williams has been using it in the short story course
at Columbia University as an example of excellent
construction. In the opinion of the committee
Mr. Garstin is to be congratulated on an excellent
piece of work and we hope to read more from his
pen in the near future even if we may not include
him among our American authors.—Ethel Watts
Mumford.'

SOMETHING from Captain A. E.
Dingle in connection with his story in
this issue:

Hamilton, Bermuda.

  A bit of dope about Joe Monkeyface may be
acceptable, since he was a live human being. When
I was just about out of my apprenticeship in sailing
ships, in my home town, Oxford, England, I saw,
while on leave, a pitiful little devil being dragged
around town by his half imbecile mother, and being
made to dance for ha’pennies. He was called Joe
Monkeyface, as in the yarn. When I secured my
second mate’s berth, I asked the Old Man to take
Joe as a cabin-boy or deck-boy. He refused when he
saw the lad, but I cajoled him around and Joe sailed
with us to Australia and around the world home.

  Joe never amounted to much as a man; his early
life was all against giving him a chance; but he did,
once, fight with tooth and nail another boy on the
Railway Pier at Melbourne until he dropped, to
avenge ill-treatment of a mangv cat. And when we
docked in London again, eighteen months after
sailing, I managed to get Joe taken into a Home as
an easy-going roustabout, where he still was at last
hearing, though no longer a boy, but a quiet, gray-
haired, old-young man with a peaceful, if not event-
ful, end before him. Cheerio!—Dingle.
i78

Adventure

FR. BECHDOLT stands up to make

•	acknowledgment and to give his very
appreciative thanks to those of you who
have helped him in securing authoritative
data for his new series of articles on in-
cidents and characters in the history of the
West. Also, the following in particular:

Carmel, Monterey Co., Cal.

  I would like to make acknowledgment in “Camp-
Fire” to Mr. D. F. McCarthy of Lipscomb, Texas,
who has gone to no little trouble in looking up old
books now out of print and in furnishing me with
reliable data which came under his own knowledge
for this and other articles. I made Mr. McCarthy’s
acquaintance at Camp-Fire and, aside from the
pleasure of the correspondence, it has proven in-
deed valuable to me.—F. R. Bechdolt.

f | 'HE following from a pamphlet issued
by A. McLane, one of our comrades,
contains some things worth thinking about:

Cripples

By Red the Rambler

(”)NE of the petty annoyances of being con-
spicuously crippled or deformed is the amount
of unnecessary questions asked of the one who is
marked by the noticeable affliction. We make
allowances for sympathetic or business inquiries.

   But when one must tell probably a couple of dozen
of folks every day just why, when and where he got
“knocked out” it gets decidedly monotonous.

  During the sixteen years I carried a “bum flat
wheel” and the month or two since the same was
amputated I have answered thousands of questions
on this subject. I have made it a rule to give
satisfactory replies when the inquiries were in earnest
and had good reasons for asking. But often when
a little “grouchy” I have left an over curious ques-
tioner as much in the dark, by my replies, as before.
For instance: In St. Louis, Mo., I informed a little
darky on one block that I have fallen out of a well.
“Lawdy,” he exclaimed, his eyes bulging. On the
next block I explained to a stranger the way a steam
boat had run over my leg. On block No. 3 I dis-
pensed to questioner No. 3 the information that I
was once kicked by a canary bird. Now I tell them
that my leg was bitten off!

  Speaking of maimed people the question is often
asked. Why are cripples, when placed at work they
are capable of performing, often the most steady and
reliable of workmen?

  There are several reasons for this: One is that
one who is physically handicapped feels the un-
conscious challenge of the world to make good in
competition with able-bodied men. Another is the
self-respect that comes from “holding down” what
may be a disagreeable, hard and uncongenial “job”
in,order to be self-supporting and independent.

Vif OST cripples understand fully why it is more
blessed to give than to receive. Therefore
they try to make their own way in the world rather
than to fall back on the easier (“?”) way of “bum-
ming it.” Often one hears remarks about the ap-
parent cheerfulness of this class in general. I once

heard a gentleman make the statement that it seems
that the Creator purposely blesses the permanently
invalid or crippled with a sunshiny disposition to
counteract their suffering. Take it from one who
knows, about 80 per cent, of the cheerfully afflicted
are camouflaging; but all honor to those who sutler
in silence.

  Now, dear reader, we come to the real message,
or, perhaps we should say, warning. If we sub-
stitute the almighty dollar for the simple religion of
Christ, “The Golden Rule,” then we are like unto
the foolish surgeon who removed a man’s perfectly
good legs and substituted in their place a couple of
pegs made of decayed timber.

jGYJLLO WING Camp-Fire custom, Walter
R. Marsden rises to introduce himself
on the occasion of his first story in our
magazine:

New York City.

  I’ve been watching the “Fire” for some time.
I’ve even sneaked up dose enough to listen in. Now
that I’ve been caught at it, the outfit is doomed to
listen to my tale of woe.

  New York has the honor (?) of being my birth-
place. I’ve roamed a few, seen a lot of the U. S. A.
and some of Canada. I’m nutty about guns and
hunting. At an early age I became an ardent fol-
lower of Nimrod. Considering guides a nuisance
and an unnecessary expense, I went on a trip alone.
I leave the rest to your imagination; among other
things I succeeded in losing myself for three days in
the woods. Tried to get into the big muss but got
no further than camp on this side of the pond. How
they finished the show without me still remains a
mystery to me.

  Well, I’m thinking I’d better amble out for some
wood and give some other buddy a chance to orate.
Adios.— Walter R. Marsden.

HOW about wild horses in our West
today? One of you asked at Camp-
Fire, and here are some of the replies that
came in. Any more information?

Tucumcari, New Mexico.

  Wild horses are being exterminated by the stock-
men of the West rapidly. Some because they in-
terfere with the grazing of stock and more because
some people just naturally have 1o have a shot at
anything within range. Not very long ago (1919)
I have been on a survey trip, through the Smoke
Creek Desert and Buffalo Meadows in Nevada.
These regions, as also Blue Wing Valley, Carson
Sink, and eastern shore of Pyramid Lake, are full of
wild horses and we have even killed two of them at
the Coyote Pass.

  These wild horses are just a little larger than Shet-
land ponies, weighing around five hundred pounds,
and look like a small cow-pony.

  It is very seldom you can get near them, except
by surprize, but very often you can see them
plainly when they are going to or from water. I
have also seen them in Utah and northwestern
Arizona. If any one wishes to see the wild horses
just get on the train and have your ticket read via
Western Pacific, Lovelock, Nevada. Get an out-
fit here and hike about fifty miles to Blue Wing
The Camp-Fire

179

 Spring, foot of Nightingale Mountains, and here
 you are certainly bound to see them.

  Maybe some of you old-timers have been there
 and seen them. If so, s[>eak up!—P. W. Kossar.

Oakland, California.

   When I was a kid in the seventies wild horses
 were still very plentiful on the heads of the Smoky
 Hill and Republican Rivers in western Kansas, and
 I have seen many and helped capture some. They
 were not native to America, the horse having been
 introduced into Mexico by the Spaniards and spread
 northward among the Indian tribes by theft and
 barter. The wild horses were originally strays,
 mainly of the mustang type; that is, small, active,
 running all colors from yellow (buckskin) to black,
 with many spotted pintos, black and white, bay and
 white, yellow and white, all sorts of combinations
 of color.

 A FTER travel set in across the plains runaways
 from the emigrant trains joined the wild bands
 and so quite a lot of racing and saddle blood was
 introduced and some of the wild stock were very
 fast, perfect, well-built animals.

   If the settlement of the plains had been delayed
 another hundred years it is probable that the wild
 horses would have outnumbered even the buffalo,
 as they were more hardy, could graze a greater dis-
 tance from water, and snow had no terrors for them.
 If there is grass, two or three feet of snow doesn’t
 bother a horse; they will paw through it.

   Along about 1895 horses were so cheap that in
 western Colorado many horse outfits wouldn’t
 bother to look after or brand their stock, and the
 herds increased with incredible rapidity, so that in
 a few years it was necessary to shoot them by
 thousands for the hides, in order to save the grass
 for the cattle. This shows how rapidly they increase.

   There were three methods of capturing wild horses.
 They could be run down and roped. That is, the
 slower ones could. They could be walked down.
 That is, a few men with pack horses could start
 after a band and keep them on the move. At first
 the horses would run clear away from their pur-
 suers, but these kept steadily on the trail, and in a
 week or more the wild band would become so worn
 out from constant travel and lack of time to feed
 that they could be worked into a corral, as toward
 the last they became used to their pursuers and
 would barely keep out of their way. Horses have a
 well-defined range and would travel in a circle,
 which enabled the hunters to relay on them It was
 said that a party of Indians, say a war-party, that had
 been dismounted, has more than once walked down
 a band of wild horses and obtained fresh mounts.

 'T'HE third method of capture was to watch a des-
 ert waier-hole, and when a band came and filled
 up, run down and rope as many as possible, as the
 wild stock was so full of water that they couldn’t
 run. Horses will graze fifty miles from water if
 grass is scarce, coming in about noon every other
 day, and fill up all that their skins will hold. That’s
 what makes desert-raised horses such long-winded
 brutes. From the day that they are born they
 spend their time running for water before they
 die of thirst, and running for grass before they
 starve.

   As far as I know there have been no real wild
 horses on the plains since about 1885.

  I overlooked, in giving methods of capture,
creasing.

  That is, shooting the animal through the top of
the neck just forward of the shoulder, with a small
caliber, hardened bullet, so as to make a small,
clean hole. The shock would knock the animal in-
sensible, and it would remain that way for several
minutes, long enough to run up and hog-tie it.

(~)F course this was usually done at short range,
not much over a hundred yards, although I have
seen it done at much greater distance. But^at the
long ranges the horse was generally either missed or
killed.

  These wounds would heal quickly and the horse
would be all right in a few hours.

  A little more wild horse dope inclosed. You re-
member that I told you the same thing happened
in Colorado twenty-five years ago. These Mon-
tana horses must have come up in the last ten years,
there were few, if any, then. They increase like
rabbits. If hides were worth anything there’d be
a chance for some one to make a stake killing them.
—Wm. Wells.

Great Falls, Mont.

  (The Associated Press.)—Approximately 70,000
wild cayuses roam Montana mountain ranges, eat-
ing forage and making themselves a general pest,
according to Harry B. Mitchell, Great Falls,
former member of the Montana Livestock Com-
mission.

  “These horses are not wild in the sense of being
vicious or dangerous,” said Mitchell. “They are
merely roaming at large. Suggestion has been made
that the State kill them but authority is lacking.
The livestock commission has authority to take up
vagrant horses and sell them, using the money de-
rived from the sale to pay the cost, but sale is im-
possible. No one will buy them.”

  The wild horses against which the stock growers
are directing a fight are the descendants of Indian
cayuses, scrubby little animals of 600 and 700
pounds. In the early days of the State, they were
occasionally gathered and sold by the Indians for
$2.50 to $7 each.

Seligman, Ariz.

  Been in this section past Winter, spending much
of my time in hills when roads and trails were open,
and find many wild horses as close as thirty-five
miles south of the railroad here, starting in at wa-
ter-holes between the “grants” which begin about
at that distance, and their numbers increasing as
you turn toward Mt. Hope. From that point on
south they may be found in herds of twenty and
more.

  Punchers in this section often build traps and
bag them for their personal benefit. It is not always
impossible to tame them down to make a good rid-
ing and cutting pony.

  Also encountered several in southeastern Colo-
rado buttes and cedar hills in 1912, but not as many
there at that time as are in this section now.—Billy
Woolrey.

National Stock Yards, Ills.

  I arise to remark that there are thousands of
“wild horses” and some few man-killers running to
the range in many parts of the western U. S. There
is however not a band of horses in this country
that is not claimed by an owner. They no longer
have free range, the ranches of today being well
i8o

Adventure

fenced. The insignificant “bronc” of former years
has been supplanted by a good-sized, rugged West-
ern horse due to the infusion of draft blood, these
stallions having been turned in with bands of horses.

  Thousands of range horses are marketed here
every year and they are plenty wild, but the day of
the handsome stallion proudly leading his band and
roaming at free will is past and gone.—A. H. Pen-
dleton.

Livingston, Mont.

  The wild horse is to be seen on a few of our ranges
yet, although like some of our other wild animals,
it has very nearly been exterminated.

  I have seen and owned very serviceable horses
that were caught out of some wild bunch, but for
the most part they are undersized and not good for
much of anything. Besides they are hard to break;
it takes a man who understands them pretty well
to break them properly.

  I knew one horse that we caught down in the
Cow Creek country in Nevada, fair size, well built,
and with a disposition that was a cross between
chain lightning and T. N. T., but for one who could
handle him he was one of the best saddle-horses in
the State.

  In most localities where there are wild horses
left, stockmen are killing them off, claiming that
the wild horse is a menace to the range.

  I have spent a fair part of my time running them
and while I don’t believe it pays from a financial
standpoint, there is, or was, a fascination that draws
one.

  There is a rancher south of here who has a large
ranch and plenLy of money—the chance, of course,
to take life easy—but of all things, he would rather
run wild horses. lie keeps a string of saddle-horses
that have endurance and speed, and I think he can
boast of having caught more “frizzies” than most
of the rest of us who have tried.—Marion F. Reese.

San Diego, Calif.

  I notice that this month you are asking about the
wild horse supply. The Mexicans say that there
are several bands existant south of the Colorado on
the mainland, and that there are smaller bands still
living on the plains and walking the caminos of
Baja California, in the northern district. I have
never seen any there, but unshod tracks are numer-
ous in many of the draws. There are hundreds of
wild burros all through the Peninsula, and it would
undoubtedly stand to reason that many horses have
strayed south of the American line. Few Ameri-
cans travel in the desert regions, and it certainly
would be a stunt to get any horses out that were
there now.

  Zane Grey described the wild-horse bands in a
book about his lion-lassoing visit south of the Colo-
rado. His description was vivid and true and per-
haps would give another line on the existing horse
bands. I can not recall the name of the book, but
it is in almost every public library. It is almost in-
conceivable that the horse bands would die out, for
the country is almost inaccessible, and there are
thousands of miles of desert for the horses to cover.
—Chas. M. Stetson, Jr.

TWO of our comrades, A. Krombach and
Lee Whitestone, are probably now in
the South on their year’s trip touring the
border of the whole United States in a light

six-cylinder car. They write that they are
using the Camp-Fire Stations to have their
mail forwarded and will visit as many Sta-
tions as possible along their route.

A STATION may be in any shop, home or
other reputable place. The only require-
ments are that a Station, shall display the
regular Station sign, provide a box or drawer
for mail to be called for and preserve the
register book.

  No responsibility for mail is assumed by anybody; the
Station merely uses ordinary care. Entries in register to be
coniined to name or serial number, route, destination,
permanent address and such other brief notes or remarks as
desired; each Station can impose its own limit 011 space to
be used. Registers become permanent property of Station;
signs remain property of this magazine, so that if there is
due cause of complaint from members a Station can be
discontinued by withdrawing sign.

  A Station bulletin board is strongly to b*1 recommended
as almost necessary. On it travelers can leave tips as to
conditions of trails, etc., resident members can post their
names and addresses, such hospitality as they care to offer,
calls for any travelers who are familiar with countries these
residents once knew, calls for particular men if they happen
that way, etc., notices or tips about local facilities and con-
ditions. Letters to resident members can be posted on this
bullet in-board.

  Any one who wishes is a member of Camp-Fire and
therefore entitled to the above Station privileges subject to
the Keeper’s discretion. Those offering hospitality of any
kind do so on their own responsibility and at their own risk
and can therefore make any discriminations they see fit.
Traveling members will naturally be expected to remember
that they are merely guests and act accordingly.

  A Station may offer only the required register and mail
facilities or enlarge its scope to any degree it pleases. Its
possibilities as headquarters for a local club or resident
Camp-Fire members are excellent.

  The only connection between a Station and this magazine
is that stated above, and a Keeper is in no other way re-
sponsible to this magazine nor representative of it.

Alabama—50—Fairfield. Percy E. Coleman, 405 Forty-
      fifth St.

California—44—Oakland. Lewis F. Wilson, 836 Seventh
      Ave.

      28—Lost Hills. Mr. and Mrs. M. A. Monson, care of
      Gen. Del. No. 2.

     38—Los Angeles. Colonel Wm. Strover, Westlake
     Military School, Mount Washington.

      60—San Bernardino. Charles A. Rouse, Hotel St.
      Augustine.

      73—Galt.	E. M. Cook, Box 256.

      74—Eagle	Rock. John R. Finney, 100 Eddy Ave.

      89—Magalia,	Butte Co., K. W. Mason.

Connecticut—86—New Haven. C. S. Roberts, 457 Fay-

      erwether Hall, Yale University, Elm Street and
      Blount Ave.

      103—New Haven. Ralph Pierson, 3 Yale Station.
Florida—87—Miami. A. C. Smith, 13th St. and First
Ave. N. E.

Georgia—98—Hinesville. R. N. Martin, The Liberty
     County Herald.

Indiana—18—Connersville. Norba Wm. Guerin, 112 East
      Eighteenth St.

      90—Linton.	Herschell Isom, 73 Tenth St., N. E.
Illinois—47—Peoria. B. H. Coffeen.

      66—Mt.	Carmel. W. C. Carter, 1122 Chestnut St.

      67—Plainfield.	T. P. Glass, The Linshield Co.

     77—Chicago. John Bradford Main, II. Company,
1st Inf. 111. N. G., 16th St. and Michigan Ave.
Maine—19—Bangor. Dr. G. E. Hathome, 70 Main St.

      56—Cape Cottage. E. Worth Benson, P. O. Box 135-
59—Augusta. Robie M. Liscomb, 73 K Bridge St.
Maryland—55—Baltimore. Henry W. L. Fricke. 1200

      E.	Madison St. at Asquith.

      82—Baltimore. Joseph Patti, Jr., 4014 E. Lom-
      bard St.

Massachusetts—26—Malden. Arthur R. Lloyd, 16 Cross
      St.

      49—Fitchburg. G. R. Wyatt, 66 Lunenburg St.
Michigan—27—Marquette. T. Mitchell, Box 864, G. P. 0.
69—Grand Rapids. Dr. A. B. Muir, 1133 Lincoln.
Ave., N. W.

      79—Lansing.	Geo. H. Allen, Lansing Industrial Neivs
      ioo‘<! N. Washington Ave.

80—Detroit.	R. A. Taylor, 5129 Maybury Grand.
The Camp-Fire

181

Mississippi—88—Tunica. C. S. Swann, Box 244.

Missouri—Si—St. Louis. W. R. Hoyt, 7921 Van Buren

      St.r phone Riverside 250.

     94—St. Louis. C. Carter Lee, M. D., 3819 Olive St.

Nebraska—95—Omaha. C. Wolff, 119 No. 16th St.

New Mexico—96—Silver City. Edward S. Jackson, Box
     435-

New Jersey—17—Caldwell. Chas. A. Gerlard, P. O.
    Box 13.

     16—Bayonne. J. D. Gray, 92 West Sixth St.

      91—Tenafly. Ed Stiles, care of Reed, P. O. Box 431.

New York—23—Jamestown. W. E. Jones, 906 Jefferson
     St.

     42—Yonkers. A. F. Whegan, 173 Elm St.

    34—New York City. St. Mary’s Men's Club, 142
    Alexander Ave., Bronx, N. Y. C.

     93—Rochester. Thomas C. Murphy. 62 Swan St.

North Carolina—92—Asheville. B. Taylor and C M.
    Gravatt, The Southern Spar and Mica Co., 322
    Haywood Bldg.

Ohio—13—Cleveland. Wayne Eberly, 602 National City

     58—Cleveland. J. F. Thompson Community Phar-
     macy, 9505 Denison Ave.

     75—Columbus.	Chas. W. Jenkins, 54 S. Burgess Ave.
     52—Ulrichsville. Anthony Sciarra, E. Third St.

      63—Ulrichsville. Chas. F. Burroway, 312 Water Street.
Oklahoma—57—Haskell. Roy Holt.

Oregon—4—Salem. D. Wiggins.

Pennsylvania—20—Philadelphia. Wm. A. Fulmer, 252 S.
     Ninth St.

     24—Philadelphia. Alfred A. Krombach, 4159 N.
     Eighth Street, and Spring Mills Station, P.& R. Ry.
     Co., Montgomery County.

     100—Philadelphia. Veterans of Foreign Wars, 926
     N. 41st St.

     78—Pittsburg. Peter C. Szarmach, 320 Bareton St.

     21—Braddock. Clarence Jenkins, Union News Co.

South Carolina—8—Allendale. Ed. N. Clark, Editor-
     owner The Tri-County Record and Allendale Advance.
     97—Charleston. Jack Mette, Navy Yard.

Texas—54—Houston. M B. Couch, Route 2, Box 189.

     99—Beaumont. D. E. Jonson, 784 Orleans St.
Washington—3—Republic.. A. E. Beaumont, Box 283.

      1—lone. A. S. Albert, Albert’s Billiard Hall.

     61—Burlington. Judge B. N. Albertson, Fairhaven,
     Ave.

     83—Seattle. Chas. D. Raymer, Raymer’s Old Book
     Store, 1330 First Ave.

     7—Mount Vernon. Ed. I*. Carson.

     71—Charleton.	Elmer E. McLean, Box 561.

West Virginia—48—Huntington. JohnGeiske, 1682 Sixth
     St.

Wisconsin—41—Madison. Frank Weston, Room 9,

     Tenny Bldg.

     5—Milwaukee. Paul A. Buerger, Apt. 2,150 Biddle St

     72—Kenosha.	Leland Birchard, 304 Marion Ave.

\ustralia—39—Melbourne. William H. Turner, 52 Em-
     maline St., Northcote: and Carters’ and Drivers*
     Union, 46 William St.

     76—Melbourne.	Chas. M. Healy, "Oora.” Abbott St.,
     Sandringham.

Canada—3T—Vancouver* B.C. C. Plowden, B. C. Draft-
     ing & Blue Print Co.

     84—White	Rock, B. C. Charles L. Thompson.

     22—Burlington, Ontario. Thos. Jocelyn

     4—Dundedin, P. E. Island. J. N. Berrigan.

     29—Deseronto,	Harry M. Moors, The Post Weekly.

    45—Norwood, Manitoba. Albert Whyte, 172J4

     De Meurons St.

     10—Montreal, P. Q. Nelson J. Cook, 2037 St.
     Catharine St.

     30—Winnipeg,	Man. Walter Peterson, 143 Kennedy
     St.

     62—Tweed, Ontario. George L. Catton.

     S3—Toronto. W. A. Bach, 206-208 Victoria St.

     85—Ontario.	J. Wonal, Simcoe St. S., Oshawa.

     102—Amherst. Lloyd E. Mac Pherson, 5 Belmont St.

Canal Zone—37—Cristobal. F. E. Stevens.

Cuba—15—Havana. Ricardo N. Farres, Auditor, No,
     1 Cerro.

France—61—Paris. Walter Denman, 19 rue Auber.[
Great Britain—6s—North Wales. William J. Cooper, “Kia
Ora," Plastirion Ave., Prestatyn.

Honduras, C. A.*—32—Galeras, Olancho. Dr. Wm. C.

     Robertson.

Mexico—6?—Guadalajara, Jal. W. C. Money, Hotel
Fenix, Calle Lopez, Cotilla Nos. 269 a 281.

Porto Rico—46—San Juan. M. B. Couch, P. O. Box 944.
Spanish Honduras—70—Jos. Buckly Taylor, La Ceiba.

That Cowboy Picture

T'HE art editor has the floor. In the December
30th issue we published a picture of a cowboy
riding a steer and asked you whether or not the
artist was a man or a woman—familiar or unfamiliar
with his subject. Also we sort of half promised
a year’s subscription for the best answer. As I
handle the pictures the job fell to me. That’s where
the rub comes.

  Some of us in the office have a bowing acquain-
tance, only, with cattle, and after having read the
hundred-odd letters received, filled with details of
their vicious habits, especially when ridden, we’re
content to let it go at that. We have never mea-
sured a steer’s tail, nor have we circumnavigated its
belly; we don’t even know whether its horns twist in
or out. And yet we have received dozens of letters
calling attention to just those points.

  Expert cowmen among you have written in saying
that the picture is correct in every detail; other
cowmen, just as well qualified, tell us that the
picture looks as much like a llama or a love-sick
gnu as it does a steer.

  If this particular steer could read, the only thing
he would be sure about himself is that he has four
legs! You all agreed on that!

  Thirty-six per cent, of the letters said the artist
was a woman, thirty-one per cent, thought he was a
man; thirty-three per cent, did not care to express
an opinion. Sixty per cent, thought the picture was
true to life and forty per cent, did not.

  We received photographs proving that the picture
was correct and that it wasn’t. Some of you said
that the picture was a photograph retouched. At
least six of you recognized the artist’s work and
named him—Ross Santee.

  And with that facing us we have to choose the
best letter!

  I think we may safely say that Mr. Santee knows
his subject; he is a practical cowman himself. As to
the merits of drawing—after all, a picture is not
a photograph, nor should it reproduce every detail
with photographic accuracy; rather its purpose
should be to stir the imagination. And so I think
the following letter wins the year’s subscription.

  If we ever run another contest we’ll choose, for
our own peace of mind, some nice simple subject
like a triangle or a perfect square—nothing so com-
plicated as a bucking steer.—L. B. Barretto.

Hot Springs, Arkansas.

  In spite of page 130 of Dec. 30th Adventure being
addressed to Cowboys, I think a statement from out-
side that great fraternity is not out of place.

  The drawing is that of Ross Santee. His work by
its very dash and possible exaggeration, gives the
same feeling one has on seeing the frantic perform-
ance of a cowboy and accomplice.

  In art this impression of life is the great tiling.
The technical detail and minutiae are not what
a thoroughly thrilled audience is thinking about.

  And when an artist succeeds in interpreting so
vividly the cowboy and his spirit, I think the matter
of detail, correct or incorrect, is unimportant, as it
is in reality, compared to the anxiety as to whether
the cowboy stays on or not.—Frances Hordin.
VARIOUS PRACTICAL SERVICES
FREE TO ANY READER

These services of Adventure are free to any one. They involve

much time, work and expense on our part, but we offer them gladly and ask in re-
turn only that you read and observe the simple rules, thus saving needless
delay and trouble for us. The whole spirit of the magazine is one of friendliness.
No formality between editors and readers. Whenever we can help we’re ready
and willing to try. Remember: Magazines are made up ahead of time.
Allow for two or three months between-lending and publication.

Identification Cards

  Free to any reader. Just send us (i) your name and ad-
dress, (2) name and address of party to be notified, (3) a
stamped and self-addressed return envelope.

  Each card bears this inscription, each printed in English,
French, Spanish, German, Portuguese, Dutch, Italian,
Arabic, Chinese, Russian and Japanese:

  “In case of death or serious emergency to bearer, address
serial number of this card, care of Adventure, New York,
stating full particulars, and friends will be notified."

  In our office, under each serial number, will be registered
the name of bearer and of one or two friends, with per-
manent address of each. N9 name appears on the card.
Letters will be forwarded to friend, unopened by us. Names
and addresses treated as confidential. We assume no other
obligations. Cards not for business identification. Cards
furnished free provided stamped and addressed envelope ac-
companies application. We reserve the right to use our
own discretion in all matters pertaining to these cards.

  Metal Cards—For twenty-five cents we will send you,
post-paid, the same card in aluminum composition, perfo-
rated at each end. Enclose a self-addressed return enve-
lope, but no postage. Twenty-five cents covers every-
thing. Give same data as for pasteboard cards. Holders
of pasteboard cards can be registered under both paste-
board and metal cards if desired, but old numbers can not
be duplicated on metal cards. If you no longer wish your
old card, destroy it carefully and notify us, to avoid con-
fusion and possible false alarms to your friends registered
under that card.

  A moment’s thought will show the value of this system
of card-identification for any one, whether in civilization or
out of it. Remember to furnish stamped and addressed
envelope and to give in full the names and addresses of self
and friend or friends when applying.

  If check or money order is sent, please make it out to
the Ridgway Company, not to any individual.

Mail Address and Forwarding Service

  This office, assuming no responsibility, will be glad to act
as a forwarding address for its readers or to hold mail till
called for, provided necessary postage is supplied. Un-
claimed mail which we have held for a long period is listed
on the last page of the last issue of each month.

Missing Friends or Relatives

  Our free service department “Lost Trails” in the pages
following, though frequently used in cases where detective
agencies, newspapers, and all other methods have failed, or
for finding people long since dead, has located a very high
percentage of those inquired for. Except in case of rela-
tives, inquiries from one sex to the other are barred.

Back Issues of Adventure

  The Boston Magazine Exchange, 109 Mountfort
St., Boston, Mass., can supply Adventure back
through 1918, and occasional copies before that.

WILL SELL: Dec., 1910; Aug., Jan., Oct., 1911; 1912. all
but June, Aug., Sept.; 1913. Aug., June, July, Oct.; all 1914;
1915, all but June; 1916. all but May, Aug.; 1917, all but
June, July, Aug., Mid-Oct.; 1918, all with extra First Jan.,
and Mid-July; 1919. all bvt Mid-Aug.; all 1920; all 1921 to
First July. Over 130 magazines for twenty-five dollars.—
Address Joe Koberna, Jr., 3799 East 53rd St., Cleveland,
Ohio.

Manuscripts

  Glad to look at any manuscript. We have no “regular
staff” of writers. A welcome for new writers. It is not
necessary to write asking to submit your work.

  When submitting a manuscript, if you write a letter con-
cerning it, enclose it with the manuscript; do not send it
under separate cover. Enclose stamped and addressed
envelope for return. All manuscripts should be type-
written double-spaced, with wide margins, not rolled, name
and address on first page. We assume no risk for manu-
scripts or illustrations submitted, but use all due care while
they are in our hands. Payment on acceptance.

  We want only clean stories. Sex, morbid, “problem,”
psychological and supernatural stories barred. Use almost
no fact-articles. Can not furnish or suggest collaborators,
use fiction of almost any length; under 3,000 welcomed.

Camp-Fire Stations

ur Camp-Fire is extending its Stations all

*	the world. Any one belongs who wishes
Any member desiring to meet those who
still hitting the trails may maintain a
ion in his home or shop where wanderers
/ call and receive such hospitality as the
Keeper wishes to offer. The only requirements are that
the Station display the regular sign, provide a box for mail
to be called for and keep the regular register book and
maintain his Station in good repute. Otherwise Keepers
run their Stations to suit themselves and are not responsible
to this magazine or representative of it. List of Stations
and further details are published in the Camp-Fire in the
first issue of each month.

Camp-Fire Buttons

  To be worn on lapel of coat by members of Camp-Fire—
any one belongs who wishes to. Enameled in dark colors
representing earth, sea and sky, and bears the numeral 71—
the sum of the letters of the word Camp-Fire valued accord-
ing to position in the alphabet. Very small and incon-
spicuous. Designed to indicate the common interest which
is the only requisite for membership in Camp-Fire and to
enable members to recognize each other when they meet in
far places or at home. Twenty-five cents, post-paid, any-
where.

  When sending for the button enclose a strong, self-
addressed, wwstamped envelope.

  If check or money order is sent, please make it out to
the Ridgway Company, not to any individual.

General Questions from Readers

  In addition to our free service department “Ask Adven-
ture” on the pages following, Adventure can sometimes
answer other questi9ns within our general field. When it
can, it will. Expeditions and employment excepted.

Expeditions and Employment

   While we should like to be of aid in these matters, expe-
rience has shown that it is not practicable.

Addresses

  Camp-Fire—Any one belongs who wishes to.

  Rifle Clubs—Address Nat. Rifle Ass’n of America, 1108
Woodward Bldg., Washington, D. C.

  (See also under “Standing Information” in “Ask Adven-
ture.")

182
  Aq|_	A Free Question and Answer Service Bureau of Infor-

  /rfy J mation on Outdoor Life and Activities Everywhere and
Upon the Various Commodities Required Therein. Con-
iv	ducted for Adventure Magazine by Our Staff of Experts.

Q

QUESTIONS should be sent, not to this office, but direct to the
expert in charge of the section in whose field it falls. So
that service may be as prompt as possible, he will answer you
by mail direct. But he will also send to us a copy of each question and
answer, and from these we shall select those of most general interest
and publish them each issue in this department, thus making it itself
an exceedingly valuable standing source of practical information.
Unless otherwise requested inquirer’s name and town arc printed with
question; street numbers not given.

   When you ask for general information on a given district or subject
the expert may give you some valuable general pointers and refer you
to books or to local or special sources of information.

    Our experts will in all cases answer to the best of their ability, using
their own discretion in all matters pertaining to their sections,
subject only to our general rules for “Ask Adventure,” but neither they nor the magazine assumes any
responsibility beyond the moral one of trying to do the best that is possible. These experts have been
chosen by us not only for their knowledge and experience but with an eye to their integrity and reliability.
We have emphatically assured each of them that his advice or information is not to be affected in any
way by whether a given commodity is or is not advertised in this magazine.

1.	Service free to anybody, provided self-addressed envelop and full postage, not attached,
    are enclosed. (See footnote at bottom of page.) Correspondents writing to or from
    foreign countries will please enclose International Reply Coupons, purchasable at any
    post-office, and exchangeable for stamps of any country in the International Postal
    Union.

2.	Send each question direct to the expert in charge of the particular department whose
    field covers it. He will reply by mail. Do NOT send questions to this magazine.

3.	No reply will be made to requests for partners, for financial backing, or for chances to
join expeditions. “Ask Adventure” covers business and work opportunities, but only
if they are outdoor activities, and only in the way of general data and advice. It is in
no sense an employment bureau.

4.	Make your questions definite and specific. State exactly your wants, qualification*
  and intentions. Explain your case sufficiently to guide the expert you question.

5.	Send no question until you have read very carefully the exact ground covered by
   the particular expert in whose section it seems to belong.

1.	The Sea Part 1

Beriah Brown, 1624 Bicgelow Ave., Olympia, Wash.
Ships, seamen and shipping; nautical history, seaman-
ship, navigation, yachting, small-boat sailing; com-
mercial fisheries of North America: marine bibliography
of U. S.; fishing-vessels of the North Atlantic and Pacific
hanks. (See next section.)

2.	★ The Sea Part 2

Captain A. E. Dingle, Hamilton, Bermuda. Seaman-
ship, navigation, old-time sailorizing, ocean-cruising, etc.
Questions on the sea, ships and men local to the British
Umpire go to Captain Dmgle, not Mr. Brown. (Postage
cents.)

3.	★ Islands and Coasts

Captain A. E. Dingle, Hamilton, Bermuda. Islands
of Indian and Atlantic oceans; the Mediterranean; Cape
Horn and Magellan Straits. Ports, trade, peoples, travel.

(Postage s cents.)

4.	★ New Zealand and the

      South Sea Islands Part 1
Tom L. Mills, The Feilding Star, Feilding, New Zealand.
New Zealand, Cook Islands, Samoa. Travel, history, cus-
toms; adventure, exploring, sport. (Postage 8 cents.)

5.	South Sea Islands Part 2

Charles Brown, Jr., 213 E St., San Rafael, Calif. French
Oceania (Tahiti, the Society, Paumoto, Marquesas);
Islands of Western Pacific (Solomons, New Hebrides, Fiji,
Tonga); of Central Pacific (Guam, Ladrone, Pelew, Caro-
line, Marshall, Gilbert, Ellice}; of the Detached (Wallis,
Penrhyn, Danger, Easter, Rotuma, Futuna, Pitcairn).
Natives, history, travel, sports, equipment, climate, living
conditions, commerce, pearling, vanilla and coconut
culture.

if (Enclose addressed envelop with s cents—in Mr.

6.	ir Australia and Tasmania

Albert Goldie, Sydney Press Club, 51 Elizabeth St.,
Sydney, Australia. Customs, resources, travel, hunting,
sports, history (Postage 5 cents.)

7.	Malaysia, Sumatra and Java

Fay-Cooper Cole, Ph. D., Field Museum of Natural His-
tory, Chicago, 111. Hunting and fishing, exploring, com-
merce, natives, history, institutions.

8.	New Guinea

Dr. Albert Buell Lewis, Field Museum of Natural His-
tory, Chicago, 111. Hunting and fishing, exploring, com-
merce, natives, history, institutions.

9.	Philippine Islands

Buck Connor, P. O. Box 202, Hollywood, Calif. History,
natives, topography, customs, travel, hunting, fishing, min-
erals, agriculture, commerce.

10.	Hawaiian Islands and China

F.	J. Halton, 714 Marquette Bldg., Chicago, 111. Cus-
toms, travel, natural history, resources, agriculture, fishing,
hunting.

11.	Japan

Grace P. T. Knudson, Castine, Me. Commerce, politics,
people, customs, history, geography, travel, agriculture,
art, curios.

12.	Asia, Southern

Captain Beverley Giddings, 1315 Josephine St., New
Orleans, La. Arabia, Persia, India, Tibet, Burma, western
China, Borneo. Hunting, exploring, traveling, customs.

13.	Africa Part 1

Thomas S. Miller, Carmel, Monterey Co., Calif. Gold.
Ivory and Fever Coasts of West Africa, Niger River to
Jebba, northern Nigeria. Canoeing, labor, trails, trade,
expenses, outfitting, flora, tribal histories, witchcraft.
Beadle's case 12 cento—in stamps NOT attached)

183
184

Adventure

14.	★ Africa Part 2 Transvaal, N. W. and Southern
  Rhodesia^British East, Uganda and the Upper Congo.

Charles Beadle, lie de Leme, par Vannes, Morbihan,
Brittany, France. Geography, hunting, equipment, trad-
ing, climate, transport, customs, living conditions, witch-
craft, adventure and sport. (Postage 12 cents.)

15.	Africa Part 3 Cape Colony, Orange River Col-
  ony, Natal and Zululand

Captain F. J. Franklin, care Adventurers’ Club of Chi-
cago, 40 South Clark St., Chicago, 111. Climate, shooting
and fishing, imports and exports; health resorts, minerals,
direct shipping routes from U. S., living conditions, travel,
opportunities for employment. Free booklets on: Orange-
growing, apple-growing, sugar-growing, maize-growing; viti-
culture; sheep and fruit ranching.

16.	►£< Africa Part 4 Portuguese East

R. G. Waring, Corunna, Ontario, Canada. Trade, pro-
duce, climate, opportunities, game, wild life, travel, ex-
penses, outfits, health, etc. {Postage 3 cents.)

17.	Africa Part 5 Morocco

George E. Holt, Frederick, Md. Travel, tribes, customs,
history, topography, trade.

18.	Africa Part 6 Tripoli

Captain Beverley Giddings, 1315 Josephine Street, New
Orleans, La. Including the Sahara Tuaregs and caravan
routes. Traveling, exploring, customs, caravan trade.

19.	Africa Part 7 Egypt and Barbary States

J. L. Binda, National Foreign Trade Council, 1 Hanover
Sq., New York. Egypt and Sudan, Tunis, Algeria.
Travel, history, ancient and modem; monuments, lan-
guages, races, customs, commerce.

20.	Turkey and Asia Minor

J. L. Binda, National Foreign Trade Council, 1 Hanover
Sq., New York. Travel, history, geography, races, lan-
guages, customs, trade opportunities.

21.	Balkans

J. L. Binda, National Foreign Trade Council, 1 Hanover
Sq., New York. Greece, Albania, Jugo-Slavia, Bulgaria,
Roumania. Travel, history, topography, languages, cus-
toms, trade opportunities.

22.	South America Part 1

Edgar Young, care Adventure. Colombia, Ecuador, Peru,
Bolivia and Chile. Geography, inhabitants, history, indus-
tries, topography, minerals, game, languages, customs.

23.	South America Part 2

P. H. Goldsmith, Inter-American Magazine, 407 West
117th St., New York, N. Y. Venezuela, the Guianas;
Brazil (except Pard and Amazonas), Uruguay, Paraguay
and Argentine Republic. Travel, history, customs, indus-
tries, topography, natives, languages, hunting and fishing.

24.	Central America

Charles Bell Emerson, 90 So. Orchard St., San Jos6,
Calif. Canal Zone, Panama, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Hon-
duras; British Honduras, Salvador, Guatemala. Travel,
languages, game, conditions, minerals, trading.

25.	Mexico Part 1 Northern

J. W. Whiteaker, 1505 W. 10th St., Austin, Tex. Bor-
der States of old Mexico^—Sonora, Chihuahua, Coahuila,
Nuevo Leon and Tamaulipas. Minerals, lumbering, agri-
culture, travel, customs, topography, climate, natives,
hunting, history, industries.

26.	Mexico Part 2 Southern; and
    Lower California

C.	R. Mahaffey, Topolobampo, Sinaloa, Mexico. Lower
California; Mexico sputh of a line from Tampico to
Mazatlan. Mining, agriculture, topography, travel, hunting,
lumbering, history, natives, business and general conditions.

27.	Canada Part 1

S.	E. Sangster (“Canuck”), L. B. 393, Ottawa, Canada.
Height of Land and northern Quebec and Ontario (except
strip between Minn, and C. P. Ry.); southeastern Ungava
and Keewatin. Sport, canoe routes, big game, fish, fur;
equipment; Indian life and habits; Hudson’s Bay Co. posts;
minerals, timber, customs regulations. No questions an-
swered on trapping for profit. (Postage 3 cents.)

28.	Canada Part 2

Harry M. Moore, Deseronto, Ont., Canada. Ottawa Yal-
ley and southeastern Ontario. Fishing, hunting, canoeing,
mining, lumbering, agriculture, topography, travel, camp-
ing, aviation. (Postage 3 cents.)

29.	Canada Part 3

George L. Catton, Tweed, Ont., Canada. Georgian Bay
and southern Ontario. Fishing, hunting, trapping, canoe-
ing. (Postage 3 cents.)

30.	Canada Part 4

T. F. Phillips, Department of Science, Duluth Central
High School. Duluth, Minn. Hunters Island and English
River district. Fishing, camping, hunting, trapping, canoe-
ing, climate, topography, travel.

31.	Canada Part 5

Ed. L. Carson, Mount Vernon, Wash. Yukon, British
Columbia and Alberta including Peace River district; to
Great Slave Lake. Outfits and equipment, guides, big game,
minerals, forest, prairie; travel; customs regulations.

32.	Canada Part 6

Reece H. Hague, The Pas, Manitoba, Canada. Manitoba,
Saskatchewan, Mackenzie and northern Keewatin. Home-
steading, mining, hunting, trapping, lumbering and travel.

(Postage 3 cents.)

33.	*i* Canada Part 7

Jas. F. B. Belford, Codrington, Ont., Canada. New Bruns-
wick,Nova Scotia, Newfoundland and southeastern Quebec.
Hunting, fishing, lumbering, camping, trapping, auto and
canoe trips, history, topography, farming, homesteading,
mining, paper industry, water-power. (Postage 3 cents.)

34.	Alaska

Theodore S. Solomons, 2837 Fulton St., Berkeley, Calif.
Arctic life and travel; boats, packing, back-packing,
traction, transport, routes; equipment, clothing, food;
physics, hygiene; mountain work.

35.	Western U. S. Part 1

E. E. Harriman, 2303 W. 23rd St., Los AngeleS, Calif.
California, Oregon, Washington, Utah, Nevada, Arizona.
Game, fur, fish; camp, cabin; mines, minerals,; mountains.

36.	Western U. S. Part 2

J. W. Whiteaker, 1505 W. 10th St., Austin, Tex. Texas
and Oklahoma. Minerals, agriculture, travel, topography,
climate, hunting, history, industries.

37.	Middle Western U. S. Part 1

Joseph Mills Hanson (lately Capt. A. E. F.), care Adven-
ture. The Dakotas, Nebraska, Iowa, Kansas. Hunting,
fishing, travel. Especially, early history of Missouri Valley.

38.	Middle Western U. S. Part 2

John B. Thompson, 906 Pontiac Bldg., Chicago, 111. Mis-
souri, Arkansas and the Missouri Valley up to Sioux City,
Iowa. Wilder countries of the Ozarks, and swamps; hunt-
ing, fishing, trapping, farming, mining and range lands; big-
timber sections.

39.	Middle Western U. S. Part 3

J. B. Thompson, 906 Pontiac Bldg., Chicago, 111, Indiana,
Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota and Lake Mich-
igan. Fishing, clamming, hunting, trapping, lumbering,
canoeing, camping, guides, outfits, motoring, agriculture,
minerals, natural history, early history, legends.	;

40.	Eastern U. S. Part 1

Raymond S. Spears, Little Falls, N. Y. Mississippi, Ohio,
Tennessee, Michigan and Hudson valleys; Great Lake$,
Adirondacks. Automobile, motorcycle, bicycle and pe-
destrian touring; shanty-boating; river tripping; outfit
suggestions, including those for the transcontinental trails;
game, fish and woodcraft; furs, fresh-water pearls, herbs,
and their markets.

41.	Eastern U. S. Part 2

Howard A. Shannon, Alexandria Gazette, Alexandria,
Va. Motor-boat and canoe cruising on Delaware and
Chesapeake Bays and tributary rivers. Motor-boat equip-
ment and management. Oystering, crabbing, eeling, black
bass, pike, sea-trout, croakers; general fishing in tidal
waters. Trapping and trucking on Chesapeake Bay.
Water fowl and upland game in Maryland and Virginia.
Early history of Delaware, Virginia and Maryland.

42.	Eastern U. S. Part 3

Hapsburg Liebe, Orlando, Fla. Tennessee, Alabama, Miss-
issippi, N. and S. Carolina, Florida and Georgia except Ten-
nessee River and Atlantic seaboard. Hunting, fishing,
camping; logging, lumbering, sawmiUing, saws.

43.	Eastern U. S. Part 4

Dr. G. E. Hathorne, 79 Main Street, Bangor, Me.
Maine. Fishing, hunting, canoeing, guides, outfits, supplies.

  WEAPONS, PAST and PRESENT

Rifles, shotguns, pistols, revolvers, ammunition and edged
weapons. (Any questions on the arms adapted to a par-
ticular locality should not be sent to this department but
to the “Ask Adventure” editor covering the district.)

   A.—All	Shotguns, including foreign and American
makes; wing shooting. J. B. Thompson, 906 Pontiac
Bldg., Chicago, 111.

   B.—All	Rifles, Pistols and Revolvers, including
foreign and American makes. Donegan Wiggins, R. F.

D.	3, Lock Box 75, Salem, Ore.

   C.—Edged	Weapons, and Firearms PHor to 1800.
Swords, pikes, knives, battle-axes, etc., and all firearms of
the flintlock, matchlock, wheel-lock and snaphauncc vari-
eties. Lewis Appleton Barker, 40 University Road*
Brookline, Mass.

^ (Enclose addressed envelop with 3 cents in stamps NOT attached,)
Ask Adventure

185

OLD SONGS THAT MEN HAVE SUNG

  Robert Frothingham, 745 Riverside Drive, New York
City. A department for collecting hitherto unpublished
specimens and for answering questions concerning all songs
of the out-of-doors that have had sufficient virility to out-
last their immediate day; chanteys, “forebitters,” ballads
—songs of outdoor men—sailors, lumberjacks, soldiers,
cowboys, pioneers, rivermen, canal-men, men of the Great
Lakes, voyageurs, railroad men, miners, hoboes, plantation
hands, etc.	_ ■»

FISHING IN NORTH AMERICA

Salt and Fresh Water Fishing

   J. 13. Thompson, 006 Pontiac Bldg., Chicago, 111. Cover-
ing fishing-tackle and equipment; fly and bait casting and
bait; camping-outfits; fishing-trips.

MOUNTAINS and MOUNTAINEERING

  Especially of New England. Arthur Bent, Appalachian
Mountain Club, ioso Tremont Bldg., Boston, Mass.

STANDING INFORMATION

For information on trade in any part of the world, address
L. Binda, National Foreign Trade Council, 1 Hanover
New York.

   For general information on U. S. and its possessions, write •
 Supt. of Public Documents, Wash., D. C., for catalog of all
 Government publications.

   For the Philippines,Porto Rico, and customs receiverships
 in Santo Domingo and Haiti, the Bureau of Insular Affairs,
 War Dept., Wash., D. C.

  For Alaska, the Alaska Bureau, Chamber of Commerce,
 Central Bldg., Seattle, Wash.

  For Hawaii, Hawaii Promotion Committee, Chamber of
 Commerce, Honolulu, T. H. Also, Dept, of the Interior,
 Wash., D. C.

   For Cuba, Bureau of Information, Dept, of Agri., Com.
 and Labor, Havana, Cuba.

  The Pan-American Union may be called upon for gen-
 eral information relating to Latin-American matters or
 for specific data. Address L. S. Rowe, Dir. Gen.,
 Wash., D. C.

  For R. C. M. P., Commissioner Royal Canadian
Mounted Police, Ottawa, Can. Only unmarried British
subjects, age 18 to 40, above S ft. 8 in. and under
175 lbs.

  For Canal Zone, the Panama Canal Com., Wash.,

 D.	C.

   For U. S., its possessions and most foreign countries, the
 Dept, of Com., Wash., D. C.

Touring

RAYMOND S. SPEARS has prepared
the subjoined circular for free distri-
bution. If after reading it you desire it for
permanent reference you may obtain it,
printed on tougher paper than we use in the
magazine itself, by writing him at Little
Falls. Remember to enclose stamp and
self-addressed envelop:

  I’m sending to have printed into another “Ask
Adventure” information slip, “Touring,” which
covers briefly some 50,000 words I wrote out some
time since to cover this phase of wandering.

  I’ve put into it particular information to answer
most specific questions and a good many general
questions about touring. It will save a good many
thousand words writing in letters, if touring-season
inquiries of the past are any criterion.

  Probably half those who want to go want to earn
their way; some want to do it trapping, himting,
being gay cowboys, etc. So here’s another slip,
copy for which I enclose, “Earning One’s Way.”
A lot of women, young and old (one 55 years) are
growing wings on their feet, too. “Big Jim” Harri-
man writes me about two “well-educated-’ girls who
asked if laced boots or oxfords would be best, walk-
ing from Minneapolis to Yellowstone Park and the
Grand Canon—oxfords, in the desert sands! Big
Jim just sighed.

   Well, here’s the leaflet on “Touring.”
The one on “Earning One’s Way” will
appear in an early issue—maybe the next
one, seeing the Subject is so timely at this
time of year:

'T'HK highways and by-ways of the United States
offer infinite variety of scenery, experience, op-
portunities and delight. Road maps can be had
for any State through local book or stationery
stores, or through any automobile clubs. Study
the maps. Go on foot, bicycle, motor-cycle, any

kind of automobile in good condition; many wander
with horses, and prairie schooners are still met
throughout the West.

  On foot, one carries his outfit in a pack on his
 back; a splint basket is good; army, leather, and
 other packs can be had. For cooking, frying-pan,
 two nesting pails with covers, the larger holding
 about 5 pints; frying-pan; toasting-fork, 15-inch
 handle; a tin tray for table; cutlery; two plates, cup;
 perhaps small wire grid; an all-wool blanket;
 water-proof canvas larger then blanket; cloth bags
 to carry grub; matches in water-proof safe; a stout
 jack-knife with three good blades; a vest-pocket
 camera and two rolls of film for each day. Weight
 not over 40 lbs.; lighter would be better. This is a
 bicycle outfit, too, except the basket; pack in canvas
 bags for luggage carrier. No weapon is needed for
 protection. Be sure to wear thick-soled shoes
 for walking.

  For motor-cycle: As above; also, small Baker-
model tent, ground-cloth sewed in, jointed poles;
more grub; can of water. Keep weight under 75
lbs., especially if two go.

  Automobile touring outfits depend on car. Just
as necessary to go light as when on foot, however.
Generally spealang, not more than five people
should go in seven-passenger car; three or four in
five-passenger car. But children to the full number
of seats, or more, adapt themselves; but they must
have room to wriggle and stretch.

  Total outfit should not weigh more than 100 lbs.
 for each person. For children, simplest, plainest,
 easiest washed clothes—bloomers, knickers, etc.
 For men, light, comfortable garments; knicker-
 bockers, long stockings, neglige shirts, light-weight
 shoes; but have heavy shoes along, and also several
 changes of clothes on long tour. Have close-woven
 woolen shirts, rather than sweaters, two or three
 light, all-wool shirts better than one heavy one.
 Skirts about two yards wide for medium-weight
 women, reaching to shoe-tops; shoes for varying
 weather—light to ride in; several light garments
 serve better than one heavy. Very light caps, if
 any, as a hat cuts the forehead. A rainproof for
 each individual. Each one should have duffel in
 bag or suitcase, old and young ones.

  Individual cots, all-wool bedding, and perhaps
Adventure

cord hammocks. Two can sleep in touring-car on
a car-bed, and sometimes all will sleep in their seats,
wrapped in blankets—and sleep well, too, after
experience.

  A light-material tent—8-ounce say, waterproofed
with something that will not dry hard, check or
mildew, which one can put up—is the only kind to
have. Any outfit that takes more than 30 minutes
to make into a comfortable camp is a failure.
Sould pack in less than 40 minutes. But 90 per
cent, of auto-touring outfits are failures because of
overweight and complications.

  Special automobile cooking and eating outfits are
desirable, all nesting in boxes. A party of four may
well carry six-person outfit, however. Carry a good
grid. A small, two-burner gasoline stove with
wind-break is good. Every outfit, everywhere,
should carry water-cans on running-bcmrd. A
sheet-iron stove is common on the road. Two,
3-gallon half-moon cans, wool-covered, fastened to
ringbolts for drinking and radiator are good. Keep
full of best water available. Gallon can for oil;
fill gasoline tank at every pump in open country.

  Have dust-proof cupboard for food. Carry
several days’ supply. Have quick-meals for emer-
gencies. Buy fresh meat, fruit, vegetables at
towns recommended by other tourists as good
places to patronize. Cupboard for food behind
front seats with doors to use for table is good notion.
A light, dressmaker’s table and a tray for each
member of party add much to eating comfort.

  Pack all bedding in light, water-proof canvas bags.
Roll everything into bundles, in water-proof canvas
sheet*. Don’t have any bundle weight more than
fifty pounds. Lash each bundle separately, and
then tie fast with separate line or cinch-canvas
strap to ringbolts on running-board, trunk-carrier,
or whatever, according to make of car. Big canvas
cover-all on trunk-carrier, to fold over and lash, is
good idea. Pack tent in separate roll, covered with
wear-saver of canvas sheet, say the ground-cloth.
Carry net twine, trot-line, (six hanks, say) and 50
ft. of rope for towing.

  Make lists of each part of outfit, food, cooking
and table wear, bedding, and individual kits. Keep
every variety separate, in packing bundles.

  A Baker-model, lean-to tent beside the car, with
ground-cloth sewed in, and flap doorsill as high as the
running-board, keeps out wind, rodents, and other
undesirable things. Or large, detached, water-
proofed ground-cloth, folded into the tent ground-
cloth all around, and up on the running-board, is
good. Don’t carry a mattress. Two or three
layers of felt, quilted with bed-ticking, which may
well be waterproofed, will serve to sleep on ground-
cloth. For mosquitoes, cheese-cloth curtains,
tucked and laced or pinned all around.

  Before undertaking a long journey, try outfit
several nights, running out, making camp, and com-
ing in in the morning. This saves carrying useless
things, emphasizes what must be taken, and gives
the party practise in making and breaking camp—
which is indispensable for comfort, peace and know-
ing.

  Strange roads are always dangerous where least
expected. Take no chances. Twenty miles an hour
is the limit with a loaded car; 125 miles a day, a trip
limit; and west of the Mississippi 80 miles a day is
enough. Have main meal for'noon hour, resting
and eating. You may not find a good camping-
place till midnight, or break down.

  Don’t hurry. Better 2,500 miles and enjoy it,
than 5,000 miles and lose joy from weariness.
Rushing spoils a trip, killing all one travels for.
Children must have exercise and play.

  Cold-cream, theatrical cream, etc., for dust and
alkali-water effects on the skin. Eat fruit. Camp
early; keep camp-sites clean; help the other fellow.

  Automobile expenses are according to the make
and driver. Accidents and breaks come from haste.
Most tourists figure from SI 00 to $200 a week ex-
pense for a car and its occupants, including every-
thing, when running six days a week. Car expense
stops when the party stops, however. Take one
day a week for greasing, oiling, tightening up, and
cleaning car; this saves a lot of money. Starting
with car in perfect condition, new tires and outfit,
all expenses of a car are no more than around home,
per mile. Each person in the car may live on one
dollar or less a day. Careful drivers seldom have
accidents. Don’t start with old tires and expect
to escape tire trouble.

  A good spot-light; a handy light; flash-lights;
and a bulb on a long wire with plug for switching
in battery to light road-signs, motor, car, camp-
ground and tent, are worth the expense and trouble.
But don’t run with spot-light burning, as these are
illegal in some States and places. Keep brakes,
lights, hom, ignition, motor, gears, tires, in perfect
order.

  Eor firearms; good revolver or pistol; a .22 auto-
matic is as good as any, for practise; a .22 single shot
or repeater rifle; a 36 or 20 gage shotgun; a ,25-.35
.30-30, or similar carbine rifle. Most States forbid
concealed weapons without permit; and all States
have game and non-resident hunting laws.

  Fishing-tackle; steel rod for bait; casting, still
and other fishing; tackle for the fish of the region
to be visited.

  Membership in automobile clubs, chambers of
commerce, boards of trade, and other organizations,
giving identification cards, auto licenses, etc., are
invaluable in emergency of financial stringency, ac-
cident, etc., for cashing checks, obtaining favors of
all kinds.

  Be courterous; help the other fellow; observe all
laws; be careful; don’t be afraid. Camp in bared
spaces, away from brush and stone heaps, and never
leave a fire a minute. Clean the camp for the
family that comes after you.—Raymond S. Spears.

  Send question direct to expert in charge—
NOT to the magazine.

       A Cook-Island Questionnaire
Jp\A.CTS, facts and more facts:

  Question:—'“Will you please give me informa-
tion of the Cook Islands:

   1.	As to travel.

  2.	Climate and health conditions.

  3.	Snakes and poisonous insects.

  4.	Birds, animals and fish.

  5.	Resources and products.

  6.	Cost of living and commodities.

  7.	Should clothing, provisions and other things
be taken along?

  8.	Customs duties on articles.

  9.	The people, their mode of living and friend-
liness.
Ask Adventure

187

  10.	Are there any articles a person could take
to sell or trade to the natives?

  11.	Is there any way a person could make a
living without special capital?

  12.	Where can I purchase any books, either
statistics or writings by travelers, or any maps
showing the general location of the different groups
of islands of the South Sea?

  13.	How can I get to the Cook Islands, and at
about what cost?

  14.	I am about fifty years old and slightly
affected with tubercular trouble; would like to
visit the South Sea Islands in a pleasant climate,
and likely stay there if financial and climatic con-
ditions were favorable.

  15.	Would a small motor-boat be of any special
use, and could fuel be obtained?”—Thomas J.
Hughes, Santa Maria, Calif.

  Answer, by Mr. Mills:—1. From your own city
you can sail direct to Rarotonga, the center of tha
Cook Islands, on one of the New Zealand-U. S. S.
Co’s steamers, which leave San Francisco every
three weeks for Wellington, the capital of New Zea-
land, calling at Rarotonga, which is less than a
week’s steam from Wellington.

   2.	Salubrious and healthy.

   3.	No snakes, but swarms of obnoxious bugs.

  4.	Few birds and animals but splendid fishing,
and lots of it and then some.

   5.	Fruits and coconuts.

  6.	Simple fare, which Nature provides in pro-
fusion. Other commodities, being imported, about
the same as in your own home town. Living a
bit cheaper in the islands than in America.

   7.	No, you can get all requirements on the spot.

   8.	There is a fairly stiff protective duty imposed
on imports, arranged on the scale of New Zea-
land’s customs, the Cook group being a dependency
of New Zealand.

  9.	The natives of the Cook Islands are closely
allied to the Maons of New Zealand and are of the
same brown-textured skin. Coming under the
influence of the London Missionary Society’s
missionaries a ccntury ago, the Cook Islanders are
more civilized, are better educated (speaking
English like you and me) and live closer to Euro-
pean ideas than any other inhabitants of the
Pacific Islands, and they are friendly to a degree
toward all visitors from overseas.

   10.	Tinned goods of all kinds and pretty things
that can be sold at a reasonable price appeal to the
islanders.

   11.	It is not considered the proper thing for the
white man to do anything but overseeing, but you
would need to be on the spot to see what oppor-
tunities are offered, and you certainly should not
make the venture without having money to help
you along for some time.

  12.	If you are near a Carnegie or other public
library you could look up the books published in
America.

   13.	Answered in first lines, and the fare when I
last inquired was approximately: Third-class, single,
San Francisco to Rarotonga, $80.

  14.	I would not advise a tuberculous person of
your age to go to the islands—not bracing enough;
too enervating; and you would probably not be
allowed to land.

  15.	A motor-boat certainly would be very use-
ful; and petrol, etc., is available.

Fly-Fishing for Carp

THEY’RE evidently a better fish to
catch than to eat. It’s not necessary
to catch one to know that; all you’ve got
to do is to eat one, and you’ll be quite sure:

  Question:—“I will be very thankful to you if
you will tell me how to catch fresh-water carp.
We have a large fresh-water pond, and the feeder,
pond and overflow are infested with carp that are
rapidly exterminating the game fish therein. It
is impossible to drain or net the pond as it is too
large—about three miles long—while the rivers
are much longer.

   Aside from the fact that we would like to get rid
of them we are also very anxious to find out what
a large one would do if caught on a five-ounce fly-
rod. Every once in a while we hear of one being
caught, but to date have never been able to verify
the tale. Personally I have fished for days at a
time, using “night-walkers,” white-bread dough
and also raw white potatoes for bait, but to date
have never had even a nibble.

  What kind of bait do you advise? Should one
fish deep or shallow? What time of the day and
kind of weather is best? Should one use a float?
What size hook should be used? Is it possible to
use an artificial bait, liquid or pasts? If so, what
kind?”—C. L. D. Hosking, Butler, N. J.

  Answer, by Mr. Thompson:—A carp on a fly-
rod will kick up an awful fuss, as much in fact as
a bass of equal weight. They will bore, and not do
the leaping of a bass.

   Carp are deep feeders, and whether you are fishing
in shallow or deep water keep the bait right on the
bottom. The best luck I have had is with dough-
balls made half of com-meal and half of wheat
flour, rolled into a ball, then dropped into hot
water for a few seconds. It seems to toughen it,
and is better for luring the carp. By adding
chopped liver—very fine—to the dough-ball it has
proven a better killer. Also I have chopped up
dead minnows and worked them up in the dough.
Speaking from my experience, this is the best bait
I know of, and I have caught them with it in lakes
and rivers when worms, dough and everything else
failed me. Once in a while I have caught them on
a trot-line with dead minnows by weighting it so
it was entirely on the bottom.

A Trip to Japan.

VERY pleasant—if you have money. _
But not to be attempted “on spec”:

  Question:—“As I am contemplating a trip to
Japan within a year I would appreciate your advice.
Kindly answer the following questions:

   1.	What is the best time of the year to visit Japan?

   2.	What route and line would you suggest taking?

   3.	What are the traveling conditions throughout
Japan?

   4.	What and where are the most interesting places
to visit in the islands?

  5.	Are there many Americans in Japan engaged
in commerce?

   (Perhaps the following questions are going beyond
your service; if so, please disregard them.)

  6.	Would it be possible for me to sell American
Adventure

products in Japan, acting as a free-lance salesman
for any lines I could secure?

  7.	Can you suggest a way to secure American
lines?

  8.	Could I secure commissions to buy Japanese
products for American houses? Can you suggest
a way to secure commissions?

  Please do not print my name or address in Adven-
ture if forwarded there.”

  Answer, by Mrs. Knudson:—I will take your
questions up as you have put them:

  1.	The best time of year to visit Japan is any
time, in my opinion; but the tourist seasons of
Spring and Autumn offer the best traveling facili-
ties. From March to May and from September
to November, both inclusive, the climate is delight-
ful and the country everywhere is at its best.

  2.	The route and line to go are matters of indi-
vidual taste. If you want to make a quick voyage
there are the northern routes from Vancouver,
Seattle or Tacoma-—by boats of the Canadian
Pacific Ocean Services, Ltd., Nippon Yusen Kaisha
or Osaka Chosen Kaisha. If you want a longer
sea experience, to keep in the sunshine belt and get
all you can for your money, then sail from San
Francisco on either a Pacific Mail S. S. Cc. boat
or a Toyo Kisen Kaisha steamer, and see Honolulu
on the way. There’s small choice in lines unless
you prefer to patronize an American-managed
one, or want to go on the largest boat, or want
second-class accommodations—which, by the way,
are often quite desirable. Get the folders of these
companies.

  3.	It is fairly easy to travel about Japan. Rail-
ways connect all the larger towns and cities.
Through trains have sleeping and dining car accom-
modations, and guards and train-boys who speak
enough English for one to make his ordinary wants
known. The ticket-sellers in the stations gen-
erally speak some English. There are many inter-
island steamers. Autos, street-cars and jinrikishas
are available for large-city travel, and ’rikishas are
to be procured almost everywhere in the smaller
towns and country. Public roads are under process
of great improvement at present.

  4.	Yokohama, Tokyo, Nikko, Kobe, Nara, Osaka,
Nagoya, Kyoto and Nagasaki are the cities you
will want to see most of. The Thomas Cook and
the Raymond Whitcomb tourist agencies, also the
steamship companies above referred to, publish
free booklets that will give you more extended
information on this point. There’s a regular route
tourists are apt to follow, given in such booklets,
and all places are interesting and each city has its
own places of note. Visit some railroad general
office and get all the pamphlets you can on Japan.

  5.	There are a goodly number of Americans
doing business in Japan—just how many I do not
know; the number has increased during the past
two years with an increase of business interests
between the two countries. Most of these manage
some branch of some United States house, or
represent in some way a large firm in America.
There are a few Americans, however, who have
established an independent business in the empire.

  6.	Anything is possible. But a free-lance sales-
man in Japan with no knowledge of customs or
language would be working against tremendous
difficulties.

  7 and 8. The only thing I can suggest is that you

take some periodical reviewing Oriental trade and
markets and watch for suggestions and study the
advertising to learn what houses are doing business
in Japan. There are several papers of the sort
published right where you are on the Pacific Coast.
Go into some Oriental trading company and ask
about such periodicals—they’ll know what you
want. Another is the Trans-Pacific magazine with
an office in San Francisco.

  Most American houses trading in the Orient
prefer to send some one to buy who is trained in
their own policies and who has had experience in
Oriental buying.

  Your best way would be to connect with some
house which could use your individual abilities and
training, or gather about your buying services a
group of. say, small art-shops who want Japanese
goods directly imported and can not afford to send
their own buyer over. I met one very bright
young woman several years ago who sold American
candy in Japan, and while there bought goods at
her own risk. These she brought back and sold to
art-shops here at home.

  There are many ways of making a success in the
buying and selling game, even with great difficul-
ties against one; but you wart to be very sure of
yourself before going into a field of strange lan-
guage and customs. An American beach-comber
in the Orient is net a pleasant thing to contemplate.

  However, the will to do makes the way open to
success, if you will hard enough and know what
you are willing about.

  Every good wish for your success if you do go over.

Prospecting in Alaska

BIG chance for the right man—after the
boob has located the ore:

  Question:—“A friend and myself have been think-
ing of going to Alaska to prospect and make our
stake if possible. We have been told that it is
useless to go there as it is all over and the only good
places belong to Guggenheim. But I maintain there
are deposits just as large as ever were found if you
are a lucky guy.

  What do you think? We mean to take a chance
anyhow, and any information on your part will
certainly be appreciated. Your info may also make
us change our plans. We have prospected in most
of the mineral States of the West and have ‘roughed
it’ quite a bit but still have many things to learn,
nevertheless consider ourselves well able to hold
our own ’most anywhere.

  Is a .30-30 large enough for Alaska? Is mackinaw
clothing suitable for the Winter there? If not what
is needed? Would $1000 be enough to outfit both
of us for a Summer and Winter? If not how much
would you suggest? What foods are necessary to
keep a man in good condition in Winter? Would
it be asking too much to have you explain what
clothing and food are really needed as we would like
to go as light as possible? Can maps be obtained
from the Alaska Bureau in Seattle?”—Ed. J. Kim-
brough, Tompkins, Sask., Can.

  Answer, by Mr. Solomons:—I hate to steal you
away from Canada, but Alaska needs you and your
tillicum. Go up there by all means, especially if
you can stay as long as you need to really make a
stake.
Ask Adventure

   You may like that prespecting proposition, but
any mathematician who also knows a little gold
statistics will tell you that your chance is one in a
thousand. You can do far better mining after the
prospector ha;; struck it and a camp has grown up
around the place. Alining is a business; prospecting
is a sucker’s dream. However, you’re a prospector;
and I know that breed too well (having been one
myself for some years) to imagine I can convert
him.

   Alaska has just been scratched. A few big finds
have resulted in big camps which are getting worked
cut now, but there are thriving small camps and
big ones due to be located any time. Besides, the
other mineral deposits are only now being opened
up. Get in on the ground-floor right now. I
usually discourage my correspondents from going
to Alaska, but in cases of obvious fitness I take the
other tack—as I’m doing with you.

   The Guggenheims have some big propositions up.
there, but they cut no figure in small mining at
all. They simply don’t count in the mass of the
industry.

   I never advise taking an outfit from the States.
 You can usually get what you need better on the
 spot—more suitable stulT. For instance if you took
 mackinaw clothing to the north or west coast any-
 where you’d be out of luck. But in the interior
 where the cold is still, almost entirely, it’s the clear
 quill. And so with footwear and lots of things.

   The local merchant gives you the stuff best for
 that locality. Besides, you’re not encumbered with
 an outfit in the place where you wish you were not.
 If you aim for a particular locality, and it is not close
 to a trading-post (or even if it is and you know
 exactly your needs) then it’s all right to take an
 outfit along. Otherwise not. It’s usually “other-
 wise!”

  Food means the same as here—and plenty of
fresh when you can get it. Clothing ditto. But
footwear is a little special. Otherwise same clothing
with the addition of a parkey to be had up there.
Footwear usually means a rubber-soled shoe-pack,
or a “gold seal” short Goodyear for Summer, Fall
or Spring, and the Eskimo or Indian mukluk or
moccasin for dry weather in Winter, and German
socks in the interior, and high mukluks and ordi-
nary socks in the Winter on the coast. The south
coast is jus! an ordinary Winter, and ordinary Maine
clothes would be warm enough or too W'arm.

   But why waste time on all that? Go up there and
you’ll soon see. Unless your destination is mapped
out, any specific directions would be useless.

   Yes, the Alaska Bureau will give you maps. Or,
bett er still, the Geological Survey, Washington, D. C.

The English-Lion Legend

TWO members of our editorial staff have
lived in the country discussed in the
subjoined correspondence, but neither has
heard of the legend referred to. Can any-
body do anything to clear up the mystery?

   Question:—“First, would you be kind enough to
inform me if you know of any English newspapers
now being published in Mombasa or Nairobi?
Were any of these papers or weeklies, etc., published
as far back as 1900?

   I am seeking this information for the following

 reasons: I need clippings to substantiate the fol-
 lowing story which is well-known in British East
 Africa, and which has been mentioned by visiting
 Americans in books, travel articles, etc. I, however,
 want the actual facts. This is the story. Perhaps
 you, too, have heard it and can shed some light upon
 the facts:

  Between 1900 and 1909 a British adventurer
absconded with his regiment’s funds because of
some trouble with a superior’s daughter, and fled
to the bush. Here he lived with the natives and led
them in attacks upon the whites, poached ivory,
etc. In one attack against the whites Lieut. Dick
turned upon his native followers and fought with
the whites because there was a woman in the
safari. He was killed—this happened in the Kedong
Valley—and was buried on the spot where he fell.
The natives to this day call it the “Grave of the
English Lion.”

  After his death, it was learned that he was a
medal man. It was hung on a string around his
neck. He is supposed to have shot twenty natives
before his rifle jammed, then slew several with his
rifle as a club. I understand that a mound of
stones marks his grave. He lived with the Masai.

  Several people have told the story in various
fashions. I need the real facts. Can you help me
out in any way, or supgest some method or person
who can?

   The story is authentic, but I may have the name
wrong.

   If you can help me, I shall be everlastingly in-
debted to you, and wish to thank you sincerely in
advance for any courtesies you may extend me in
this matter.”—S. Gordon Gurwit, Chicago, 111.

  Answer, by Mr. Beadle:—Enclosed you will find
list of papers published in Nairobi and Mombasa
since 1900.

  Your story is very interesting indeed. I was in
Uganda from 1905-07; but I’ve never heard the
yam—unfortunately, for had I done so I should
certainly have used it in fiction.

   I have repeatedly tried to get in touch with men
I knew there, but everybody seems to have dis-
appeared or died. As a suggestion you might try
the editor of the East African Standard to give you
the truth of the tale. I am very sorry I can’t do
more. Quaintly enough I’m right in the middle of
a yam in which a fellow goes amuck with sunstroke
and turns against the whites! Whatever you try
in fiction, fact, if it can be found, usually beats
you to it1

Raising Game for the Market

IT’S legitimate enough, though in some
States, if not in all, a permit to ship
must be obtained:

  Question:—“I read in the local paper recently
that the U. S. Supreme Court has ruled that it is
now legal to raise fowl and game for the market.

   Please advise if you know anything of this ruling.
For instance, could one raise quail in Arizona and
ship them say to the California market?

  Enclosed herewith find postage for reply, and
thanks very much for whatever information you
may be able to give.”—C. B. Cravens, Florence,
Ariz.
190

Adventure

  Answer, by Mr. Harriman:—In re raising game for
the market, it is just as legitimate as raising sheep
or hens or rabbits.

  Here in southern California men are raising trout
for the market and letting rabid anglers do fly-
casting in their ponds at so much a fish. This they
do all the year round and nobody says nay.

  To ship quail to market in this State you would
have to get written permission from your fish and
game commission to maintain your game farm.
Then you would have to have an agreement with
our commission on the shipping part. Satisfy our
commission that no illegally killed game would
enter the State, I mean.

  This will be harder to do, for the commission
may think that such action would open the door to
poachers who kill out of season and who might
claim they bought domesticated quail outside our
State.

  Write to California Fish and Game Commission,
Sacramento, California. Ask them about this
matter. Then you are getting it right from the
men who have the authority. It is a technical
cjuestion and can only be authoritatively answered
by the commission.

Pioneering in Bolivia

THE natural wealth is there, and the
early birds will catch the biggest worms;
but taking a family in is quite different from
going it alone:

  Question:—“I am very much interested about
raising sheep or cattle in Bolivia.

  Could you give me any information which State
of Bolivia is best suited for my purpose? How is
the exchange of money? At par or in favor of the
U. S.? How much does it cost to go there, and
which is the cheapest way?

How much does it cost to live there? What is
the price of shoes, clothing, compared with here?

  How many Indians, negroes and half-breeds live
there? Is there any duty on hides and wool for
export?

  How far is suitable land from the railroad, and
what is the fare per mile or kilometer? Is any
timber on the land to build houses and stables or
corrals?

  Do you know how much it costs to have the land
surveyed by a Government expert?

  Can you give me any information about im-
migration and land laws?

  I wrote for the booklet to the Pan-American
Union. It says you can buy 20,000 hectares
(49,400 acres) at 10 cents a hectare, but you must
settle one family on every 1,000 hectares. On the
same page it says an immigrant can not possess
more than three lots or sections by purchase or
other means.

  I have about $3,500. Do you think it is enough
to start? I have three boys, eleven, nine and six
years old, and two girls.”—Chas. Kloepper, Eddys-
bane, Can. .

  Answer, by Mr. Young:—Bolivia is an immense
country of some 600,000 to 700,000 square miles,
very sparsely populated. I will try to give you an
idea of what the surface area of this country is like.
On the west is a range of mountains running north

and forming the boundary with part of Chile and
Peru. About sixty to eighty miles east is another
range. The plateau lying in between averages about
12,000 feet above sea-level, and the tops of the
mountains on each side run around 17,000 feet and
some of them up to 22,000.

   The eastern range-end nears the Brazilian border
in the highest peaks of the Andean chain and slopes
off into the lowlands of the upper Amazon basin.
The western chain continues on north through Peru
and Ecuador. These mountains and high plateaus
comprise two-fifths of the total area of the republic.

  East of the eastern range and north of the end
of this range the country slopes off down to tropical
country, and in the extreme southeastern part it
slopes off into prairie country (chaco). Thus it is
a case of finding the right altitude. The temperate
zone is from (5,500 feet above sea-level up to 12,000;
the cold zone, or puna region, is from this on up,
and the tropical zone is from 6,500 on down.

   There is a portion of country lying in a triangle
roughly bounded on three sides by the Cochabamba,
Misiones, and Oriental Mountains, that is called
the “Bolivian Switzerland,” a country much broken
up and containing some of the most fertile valleysin
the whole world. Some of the towns in this region
are Cochabamba, Tarata, Potosi, San Pedro and
Sucre. Roughly speaking, this country is some
100 to 200 miles southeast of La Paz, the capital.
There are other similar regions after crossing the
mountains and proceeding down on the eastern
slopes in other parts, but this is a fairly well settled
country and its resources are known.

  Bolivia has an estimated population of some
2,500,000, over half of whom are pure Indians of
various tribes, most of whom are tame and hard-
working Quechuas. Thirteen per cent, are white,
twenty-six per cent, are mixed white-Indian; a few
Germans and other Europeans in the mining regions,
with three out of a thousand black—descended from
African slaves.

  Sheep are raised in the temperate zone with a
few raised in the lower part of the puna country at
some 12,500 elevation. Goats are raised in the
torrid country. Horse-raising was once a great
industry in the north, and many are now raised in
the country near La Paz. Mules are imported from
Argentine by the mining companies.

  Cost of living depends on how you live. If you
live off of native food and buy same in the public
markets you will be able to live cheaper than here;
but if you buy imported food it will cost more than
here.

  The markets afford plenty of beef, both fresh
and salt; mutton, fruits, potatoes, yams, etc.

  Write National City Bank, New York City, for
present exchange rate. I had a list but have mis-
placed it.

   Cost of clothing also varies. The native people,
especially the rural people, make a sort of cloth
from llama wool which is heavy and coarse and very
suitable for the highlands. For the temperate zones
they wear linen and cotton suits which cost little.

  Bolivia was once a free-trade country, and I am
not up on the present duties either outgoing or
incoming. I know they do tax some of the products,
especially outgoing rubber and sugar. The Bureau
of Foreign and Domestic Commerce, Washington,
D. C., should be able to quote such duties.

   The fare used to be something like $38 from the
coast up to La Paz. There has been a new line built
Lost Trails

191

which strikes the coast at Arica, Peru, and makes a
shorter trip of it. I do not know what the fare is
on this road at present as all fares have increased
greatly since the European war.

  The fare on the steamers has also increased
greatly. It used to be $180 to Mollendo, but it is
around $360 now first-class.

  You have quite a family, and this undertaking
is a pioneer job. The first few in there have the
benefit if the country ever does come to the front,
which it will no doubt do sometime. I had a letter
three years ago from a man who had gone down
and carved out a home far in the interior and
was well satisfied. I wish I had not mislaid his
letter.

  But, brother, it is as near being out of the whole
world as a man can get. Don’t you think you could
do your pioneering in a country that wouldn’t be
so hard to get to?

  There is some mighty fine country in the high-
lands of Central America. I know you have the
sand and grit to do the job with in Bolivia, but

when you talk boys and girls to me it sort of takes
the heart out of me. I sure don’t want to see you
make a mistake.

  With the money you have, by going down there
and looking around, even working for some of the
tin-mines or railroads until you are sure you see
the country you are looking for, keeping your
money a secret to yourself, and then grabbing
off a boundary of land from the Government, you
could turn the trick. But make sure all the way
along. She’s a country that is primitive, and there
are thousands of miles that are virgin country and
that will produce anything.

  The native Indians are humble and tame, except
a few wild tribes in the yery eastern part, and there
would be no danger to your family, and by locating
in one of the smaller towns they would not be
lonely; but carving out a home in the wilderness is
a pioneer job, as I have said.

  See the Encyclopedia Britannica in some library
and take a look at Bolivia for a general geographical
sketch.

LOST TRAILS

   Note—We offer this department of the “Camp-Fire” free of charge to those
of our readers who wish to get in touch again with old friends or acquaintances
from whom the years have separated them. For the benefit of the friend you
seek, give your own name if possible. All inquiries along this line, unless contain-
ing contrary instructions, will be considered as intended for publication in full
with inquirer’s name, in this department, at our discretion. We reserve the
right in case inquirer refuses his name, to substitute any numbers or other
names, to reject any item that seems to us unsuitable, and to use our discretion
in all matters pertaining to this department. Give also your own full address.
We will, however, forward mail through this office, assuming no responsibility
therefor. We have arranged with the Montreal Star to give additional publi-
cation in their “Missing Relative Column,” weekly and daily editions, to any
of our inquiries for persons last heard of in Canada. Except in case of relatives,
inquiries from one sex to the other are barred.

'W0ULD ^e to hear from any of the gang that served in
W the Ambulance Co. No. 8 Corozal, Canal Zone, from
1915 to 1921.—Address John F. Duffie, 256 Aspinwall
Ave., Brookline, Mass.

HODGES, SEBASTIAN. Last heard of while in Key
West, Fla., in 1920. One of the crew of the U. S. S. Ashe-
ville. Any news of him will be appreciated by an old-time
friend and shipmate.—Faris S. King, 621 W. Flagler St.,
Miami, Fla.

BLOMSTERGREN, OJV. and HOAGLAND, R. L. Were
in Prinzapulca, Nic., C. A., about 1909 and later in
Spanish Consulate in Chicago. They can hear of their
old friend Geo. Lemar by addressing—L. T. 439. care of
Adventure.

DESCENDANTS of Michael E. McCaffrey of County
Mayo, Ireland. One daughter married a man by the
name of Rogers, and when last heard from lived in Pa. An-
other daughter married a distant relative by the name of
McCaffrey. Any information will be appreciated.—Ad-
dress Mrs. J. Schumaker, 512 West Broadway, Louisville,
Ky.

DESCENDANTS of John Walsh. Had a daughter who
married Patrick Purcell. Last heard from lived in In-
diana. Any information will be appreciated.—Address
Mrs. J. Schumaker, 512 West Broadway, Louisville, Ky.

YY/EATHERS, CHRISTINA. Hometown, Boston, Mass.
W Last heard of in Lakewood, New Jersey, about 1911.
Any information will be appreciated.—Address Miss Ethel
Holman, 493 East 162nd St., New York, N. Y.

HANNIGAN, PAT. Last heard of in Seattle, Washing-
ton, working in a coal-mine. Five feet ten inches tall,
dark-brown hair, hazel eyes. Has blue mark across top of
nose—tattoo mark on one arm. Any information as to his
whereabouts will be appreciated.—Address H. M. Kier-
nan, 807 Liberty St., Springfield, Mass.

■"TICKLE. Cousin. Have been trying to locate you.

*	Called up Lester D’s. Have important information.
Letter waiting for you, care of Adventure. Beth.

A LFORD, JIMMIE LEE. Last seen and heard from at
Malta, Mont., about eighteen years ago. Known around
Butte, Mont., as Kid Lee. Any information will be appre-
ciated.—Address Wm. Alford, 217 N. Washington St.,
Spokane, Wash.

CEELYE, LAWRENCE COPELAND. Served during
^ the Spanish War in Co. K., 2nd N. Y. Vol. Inf. Last
heard from in 1905 when he lived in Peekskill, N. Y. Any
information will be appreciated by his former captain.—
Address Loyal L. Davis, Glens Falls, N. Y.

DICKMAN, SGT. Ex. 39th Infantry 4th Div. and
Clark of the 58th or 59th Infantry. 4th Div. A. E. F.
Came back to the States in Casual Co. 2457; left Marseilles,
France, April, 1919. Also any of the original outfit of the
H. Co. 61st Infantry 5th Div. A. E. F. who went overseas
in April, 1918. Any information will be appreciated.—Ad-
dress Allen A. Stuart, 7245 Raymond St., Swissvale,
Pa.

  Please notify us at once when you have found
your man.
Adventure

CO. K. uTH INFANTRY U. S. A. North Shore Post
No. 21, Illinois Department of the American Legion
would like to get in touch with the members and ex-mem-
bers of that company. Particularly those who were friends
of Sgt. Francis Earl Garland, who was killed in action on
the Western Front.—Address Francis A. Walsh, Service
Man, 6253 Wayne Ave., Chicago, 111.

\Y70LFF, ALBERT. Switchman. Formerly of Red Bud,
Jll. Last heard of in 1886 in Minneapolis, working in a
livery bam on 3rd Street South. Age about fifty-six. Sis-
ter bom after he left would like to hear from him.—Address
Miss Ellen Amelia Wolff, 1919 Logan St., Murphys-
boro, 111.

I7ALLON, FRANK. Last heard of in Weed, Cal. Was in

*	Klamath Falls, Oregon, and Chiloquin, Oregon. Any in-
formation will be appreciated.—Address John Fallon, 207
Lexington Ave., Jersey City, N. J.

TJARRISON, LEE. Uncle. Left home in Evansville,

*	* Ind., several years ago. Lived in Texarkana, Texas.
Left there and last heard of was in the Klondike in Alaska.
Tall, light hair, blue eyes. Age about fifty. Any informa-
tion will be appreciated.—Address Mrs. Carrie Clifford
Curtis, R. 3 Box 12, McEwen, Tenn.

VY/AGNER, HENRY A. Last heard from August, 1917,
W from St. Louis. Any information as to his whereabouts
will be appreciated.—Address Albert Strasshofer, 1220

E.	71st St., Cleveland, Ohio.

YY/OULD^ike to hear from any of the members of the Coast
W Guard Cutter A pache or Yanta^rati who served during
1919- Also members of the crew of the Shipping Board
Steamer Colingsworth, who were abroad at the time of the
salvaging of the S. S. West Waoneke.—Address J. W.
Mette, Navy Yard, Charleston, South Carolina.

1JINTZ, HARRY. Last heard from in Los Angeles, Cal.,

*	f in 1908. Age about forty. Father of five children.
Wife died in San Bernardino. Was a tailor by trade.
Short and heavy build. Any information will be appreci-
ated as his children are very anxious to hear of him.—Ad-
dress Herman R. Roesener (formerly Russel Hintz) 4531
Staunton Ave., Los Angeles, Cal.

D ELATIVES of Mr. and Mrs. R. J. Wilkey. Mrs. Wilkey
died March 29, 1899. age forty-one years, leaving three
children, the oldest being then five years. Children then
sent to orphan home. Mr. Wilkey died in the Austin Con-
federate Home when seventy years of age. Any informa-
tion will be appreciated.—Address Ben Wilkey, 509 East
3rd St., Austin, Texas.

SIMONSEN, STANLEY. Husband. A Canadian war
veteran. Last seen in Elizabeth, N. J., April 2, 1921-
suffering from loss of memory caused by shell-shock. Six
feet tall, dark-brown wavy hair, dark blue eyes, slender
build, age thirty years. Known as “Stanley the Physical
Phenomenon" or “The Man Who Grows.” May be in some
hospital or institution. Any information will be appreci-
ated.—Address Mrs. S. L. Simonsen, 52 Taylor St., Glou-
cester, Mass.

THE following have been Inquired for In either
1 the March 20th or March 30th Issues of
Adventure. They can get names of inquirers
from this magazine:

DLACK, John Jackson; Blaine, Peggie; Bobonie, George;

    Brown, Geo. C.; Bensinger, Alf; Clapp Family; Dates,
Alfred Thomas; Earl, Allen; Harries (or Harris) Hugh M.;
Hurley, James; Jenkins, Chas. Westley; Tohnson, Lawrence
R.: Lane, Edward; Le Effe, Jack; Lockwood, Robert L.;
LuValle, Alvin: Mahoney, Arthur; McCullock, Milan C.;
McCulloch, Milan E.; McFarland, Edward; McLane, C. A.;
McLaughlin, Stewart H.; MacLanren, Joe; Menard, Pat-
rick; Nelson, Adolf; Owen. Jack; Parmeter, John; Reeves,
John R.; Rucker, Lulu Williams; Scott, David; Shanghai,
Pressey; Shepard, Harold North; Smart, William R.; Tolly,
Frank; Ward, Walter G.: Weimer, Jacob; Wilson, Anna,
Margaret and Edward; Wood, Marion; Wright, Cecil.

jVyTISCELLANEOUS—Any of the old gang who were in
Co. A. 40th Inf. from July, 1917. to January 18, 1919*
Any of the gang who rode the No. 7 and No. 11 cars in 1918
and 1919.

A LIST of unclaimed manuscripts will be pub-
lished in the January 10th and July 10th
issues of Adventure, and a list of unclaimed mail
will be published in the last issue of each month.

THE TRAIL AHEAD

APRIL 20TH ISSUE

Besides the new serial and the complete novel mentioned on the
second page of this issue the next Adventure will bring you the
following stories:

JOHN BLANKET’S LEAD DOG

      Friend—and enemy—of man.

THE SOUL OF A NATIVE

        Caught in a flash of lightning.

THE ASPHALT POOL

        Battle of monsters on sagging soil.

BY PROXY

       The Yaqui Kid meets an old-timer.

SHIPWRECK

        Out of the depths.

THE FURIES

       When the weasels attacked the pheasants.

 T. von Ziekurtch
 F. A. M. Web,ter
 Paul L. Anderton
 C. A. Well,
 Gordon Young
 F. St. Mart

A SON OF STRIFE A Three-Part Story Conclusion

        A Saracen foray against the castle of Nerak.

 Arthur D. Howden Smith
  Keep the story with a Kodak

          Today it’s a picture of Grandmother reading to the children.
     Tomorrow it may be Bobbie playing traffic policeman or Aunt Edna
     at the wheel of her new car or' Brother Bill back from college for
     the week-end or—

          There’s always another story waiting for your Kodak.

                    Free at your dealer’s or from us—“At Home
                    with the Kodak,” a well illustrated little book
                    that will help in picture-making at your house.

                      Autographic Kodaks $6.30 up.

  Eastman Kodak Company, Rochester, N.Y. The Kodak City
Cutting a Colgate "Refill” in the ”Handy Grip9'

                                             is like putting a new blade in a razor—easy and
                                             simple. The soap itself is threaded to screw into
                                             the socket. There is no waste.

                                       With Convenience and Economy, you get
Comfort also in shaving with Colgate’s. The
softening lather needs no mussy rubbing in with
the fingers. It leaves your face cool and refreshed.

Colgate’s Shaving Stick not only produces the
most soothing lather for the average man but it
is a little more economical in use than powder
and much more economical than shaving cream.
Aj we make all three, we can give you this im-
partial advice.

COLGATE SC CO.

Dept. C

199 Fulton Street, New York

        The metal "Handy Crip, ” containing a trial size slick of
        Colgate’s Shaving Soap, will be sent for 10c. When the trial
        stick is used up you can bu\) the Colgate “Refillsthreaded to
        fit this Grip. Thus you save I Oc on each “Refill" you buy.

        There are 350 shaves in a Colgate Shaving Stick—double the
        number you can get from a tube of cream at the same price.