Scientifiction
Stories by

A. Hyatt Verrill
John W. Campbell, Jr.
Edmond Hamilton
 June, 1930
 Vol. 5, No. 3

Experimenter Publications, Inc.

B. A. Mcokinnon, Pros.	H. K. Fly, Vico Pre9. and Tr

In Our June Issue:

In Our Next Issue:

THE MESSAGE FROM SPACE, hy David II.
Speaker. Selenium, we know, has strong photo-
electric properties. But all the elements, even in
the acccpfced tabic of elements, have not yet been
discovered. How, then, can we be assured that
some new element, more remarkable than selenium
for its photo-electric properties, may not be dis-
covered—an element strong enough to make pos-
sible enormous distance radio communication—
.perhaps even with another planet, which might be
inhabited? Our author gives us here a story oi
unusual scientific interest, cxcccdingly -well
written.

WHEN INCA-LAND REVOLTED, by Woods
Peters. Almost all great discoveries have been due
to accidental findings, often during experiments
made in domains of science seemingly far removed
from the held of discovery. It can hardly be
considered beyond the realm of possibility, there-
fore, that some enterprising and imaginative young
scientist might accidentally discover a means _ for
transmitting personality. It would prove a minor
matter to devise a means for accompanying such
transmission with the voice. _ In this fascinating
story of future achievement in science, our new
author tells, in an absorbing manner, of startling
events in a hidden land.

THE DRIVING POWER, by Miles J. Breuer,
M.D. Probably when we have all completely
assimilated the new theory of the structure of the
Scli: iidiuger atom, we may have to start learning
new theories about atomic structure. How, then.,
can it be definitely said what the powers of ultra-
atomic energies may be? Dr. Breuer lias done
the unusual once more in this story of literary
merit and scientific interest.

THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS, by Edmond
Hamilton. (A Serial in 3 parts) Part III. In the
concluding chapters oi this amazing inlerplanetary
story, our well-known author brings to a fitting
conclusion the stupendous attempt of the .super-
intelligent beings of Neptune to save themselves
at the expense of practically all the other planets.
AND OTHER SCIENTIFIC FICTION.

The Non-Gravitational Vortex

By A. Hyatt Verrill..............

Illustrated Tjy Morey

 198

Element 87

By Ralph Linn......................... 222

Illustrated by Morey

What Do You Know?

{'Science Questionnaire)................. 227

Piracy Preferred

By John W. Campbell, Jr................ 228

Illustrated by Wesso

The Universe Wreckers

     (A Serial in 3 Parts} Part II

By Edmond Hamilton................... 254

Illustrated by Wesso

Discussions............................... 279

In the Realm of Boolcs

(Mostly Scientific Fiction).............. 280

Our Cover

this month depicts n sccne from the story entitled, “The Non-
Gravitational Vortex,” by A. Hyatt Verrill, in which the Loci.
Lovern is shown lifted clear out of the water by a 3trarvge
force, when the yacht reaches the region of the ocean in which
the strange non-gravirarioral vorticc3 do their work.

AMAZING ST OKIES MONTHLY. Published at 184-10 Jamaica Avenue. Jamaica. N. Y. Entered a« second-daw
mattnr r.t .Jamnicn. N. Y., ainBcr the net of Marrh & 1879. Tltlo Itoeifiterod U. S. Potent OfBcn. nopyrlgtrt, ISO.
by Mu F. lac.. N. X. European Agents. S. J. Win© et CUe.. 4D Placo Yurie, Antwerp. Belgium. Printed In U. S. A.
Subscription price is $3.00 a year In U. 8. nncl I'oasessions; S8;G0 a yeur In Canada and Foreign Countries; sfcelo
amiut, 25 cents uadi. Editorial and Eaecutive Offlraju, 381 Four* Arooue, Nbiv York, N. Y. Publisher* nxa fiufc
responsible for mss. lost, although ©rery care is taken lor thoir safety;

194
June, 1930

AMAZING STORIES

195

M'

 'ettinq

  BIG PAY«
ELECTRICITY

     is really easier
     than you imagine

                Cosmo students
                taping and put-
                ting in nowooila
                in 200-horse-
                powar A. C.
                etator.

 0Learn with your *i
 ownhandsinthe /
 ([reat Coyne Shops! 1

     The seoret of Coyna training ia that it
   is all praotieal work. Here in the groat
   Coyne shops you learn all about Electricity
   by actual work on a gigantic outlay of real
   electrical equipment the Bame bs you will
   work on in the field. It makes no difference
   whether you’ro 16 or 48—whether you can't
   tell an armature from an air brake—I'll see
   you through.

No Books—No Printed
Lessons

     You lose no time studying dry books or
   printed lessons, or memorizing puzzling
   theory. You go right to the aircraft engine,
   dynamo, or other equipment , and an expert
   shows you step by step all the secrets of
   electricity essential to your success. And
   when you’re through, our employment
   bureau gives you lifetime service.

   Railroad Fare Alloived

     Make up your mind today to get into one
   of these big pny jobs. If you act now—I'll
   allow your railroad faro to Chicago and
   include these courses free! AVIATION
   ELECTRICITY, RADIO and AUTO-
   MOTIVE ELECTRICITY! And bcsidea
   that, I help you to a part time job wkilo
   learning! Don’t lose another minute—
   make this the turning point in your life.
   Send this coupon RIGHT NOW.

ueotlss up.

Testing, aud
repMmR A.

Operating
and testing
motorgener-
fitor ects at

the groat
Come shops.

      Coyne men wiring and oper-
      ating automatio controllers.

COYNE

  H.	C. Lewis, President

500 S. Paulina St., Dept.AO-27

'T'WO weeks after graduation, Clyde P. Hart
got a position as electrician for the Great
Western Railroad at over §100 a week. That’s
not unusual. I can name Coyne men making up
to SG00 a month. You can start a radio, battery,
or auto electrical business of your own and make
up to $15,000 yearly! How easy it is to clip and
mail the coupon and find out how YOU could
do it. Say good-bye to S25 and $30 a week.
There’s a quick easy way to become a practical
electrician in 90 days and qualify for jobs that
lead to $50, $60 and more, in ELECTRICITY.

LEARN IN 90 DAYS

       By icorking with tools—not with puzzling
       boohs, nor nerve racking primed lessons.

     Prepare for Jobs Like These

Power House Operator
S50 to $75 a Week
Auto Electrician
380 a Week and U3
Inventor
Onllailted Inoomo

 touch with opcmncs to
 choose iron:. Tlie fol-
 lowing are only a few
 ol tlio kind ot poeltlons
 you flt yoursell (or In

Maintenance Engineer
SflOftWookanuup
Scrvlco Station Owner
up to,8209 a Week
Radio Expert
S80a week and up
Contractor
S3.500 to $15,000 a
Tear

                     GET this
                     FREE BOOK

                             Tliln school Is 30 years
                             old—endoried by many
                             large elcutrloal con-
                             cerns. Simply mall The
                             coupon ana let mo tell
                             yon nil about It In the
                             big. ireo Coyne boo it. .

ELECTRICAL
SCHOOL

               Established 1899
               Chicago, 111.

       Mr. H. C. Lewis, President '

       Coyne Electrical School, Dept. AO-27
       500 S. Puuliua St., Chicago, 111.

       Door Mr. Lewis:

       'Without obligation send mo your biff free catalog
       and all details of Hallroad Faro to Chloiyjo, tree
       Employment Service. Hadlo., Aviation Electricity,
       ana Automotlvo Courses. and how I can earn while
       learning."

Nome...........................................

 Addreaa.........................................

  City........................State...............
196

AMAZING STORIES

June, 1930

nmnMMLVMil

Complete Volume of

STRANGE STORIES
k H. G. WELLS

is ready for immediate shipment to you

ENTIRELY WITHOUT COST!

An astronomer on a lonely	n ^

vigil in a dark observatory in |

creature—bird, bat or devil |a
— blots the stars from

teeth bite and tear, claws	.. -Tj^i&Ew£9^B

in darkness, a broken bottle

scope sways, the room reels,	..

Let H. G, Wells, probably the most fa-	Tiie Strangest Stories Ever
anous writer in the world today, bring Written
this amazing story to its thrilling climax

-set your .blood tingling, your hair on	*&aUttS2? ££

entl •	are thoughts 110 mortal ever dared to think
Let his “Time Machine" awe you vM X2&

the spect?x1e f,i the weird world in the	wjth nerves of steel can read some of them

3’ear 8229, strange .spccics 01 humankind	after dark!
living in a flower garden, in constant

dread of a fearsome THING that comes	''.The Sea Raiders"—"The Valley of

upon them in the -dark;!	ffoler* — The Diamond Maker’’—"The

Star that almost hit the earth, turned

Let -The Empire of the Ants” widen	™Kht brii*t'r (J?y* p;°.od?d ,t!le
votir eyes in amazement! Shudder at caMira Wt° 9’Jild Mtr'

3*„ »*•. «« s&isrsfifli tun

Ghastly-looking,	Wi •« fiendish Bolshevik plail to an-	ifa# you believe, in sfnte of yourself, things

octopus - like	nihilate an entire city I	that you know can not be true*
creaturfis—thou-

sands of them— Learn how dreadful it is to be the only

depths urf0ItL	olie w3lh e>'es "In ,1:e Conntry of the SEND NO MONEY

to terrorize the Blind.” Laugh with Wells in the as-	Tbia Remarkable Book FREE with

STlsSeSesS SSJ fAMNc «-*- «*

«■» >»« <w -fl«- ”**“ aasassassarsss's

stories.” with human martyr	and human sacrifice! e,,ilion of ii? “Short Stories” which sells

..______________ c-_ . ______________________at ?S.OO and in a complete set of hii works

iwA&Ij lUDAll J	which costs much more. But because the pidSfishers of AMAZE?G

( ■	STORIES MAGAZINE want you to enjny die very best of araaz-

IAmAi.lWu silUtl&D, I	in(i and scientific ficlion, we have had these greatest short story

Dept. 2106, 381 Fourth Ave., New York, N. Y. *	musterpicccs of Wells printed in a special Gift Edition, handsomely

| Gentlemen: Please iiliip me ABSOLUT ELY FREE, prepaid, I	bound in red Royal Vellum cloth; and have arranged to ship you

, "STRANGE STORIES" by H. G. Wells—and enter my subscription I	your -copy, prepaid, ABSOLUTELY FREE OF CHARGE!

•	to. AMAZING STORIES for Two Full Years at the special rate ol \

I only $4J)0,^savjng me $2.00 on newsstand price, and payable later g

•	If, after five days' examination, I am not more than deliatted \	SEND NO MONEY! Examine this big Complete

I with .fee book, I understand I can return it and owe yon nothin* I QJfj Volume for five days entirely at OUT risk!

I Nan‘e ............................................ ..............,	Then keep it as a Gift, or return it, just as you

I Addret........................................................j	prefer. But, to save $2.00 on AMAZING

| City and State .............. .... .........................I	STORIES and get the hook FREE, mail the Cou-

--pon at once—while we still have books in stock!
VOLUME  ||1W» JUNE, 1930 
;i 5            No. 3    
MAGAZINE
OF
SCIENTIFICTION

T. O’CONOR SLOANE, Ph.D., Editor
MIRIAM BOURNE, Managing Editor
WILBUR C. WHITEHEAD, Literary Editor	C. A. BRANDT, Literary Editor

 Editorial and General Offices: 381 Fourth Avenue, New York, N. Y,

Extravagant Fiction Today -........Cold Fact Tomorrow

Gas

By T. O’Conor Sloane, Ph.D.

MANKIND has to devise means for exerting more
and more power as the world progresses. The re-
quirements of manufacturing, building and traveling
constantly appeal for larger use of power. In a
general way we may classify matter under three
principal divisions : solid, liquid, and gaseous. The first, of course,
we know is rigid, requires force to break it or to bend it out of
shape. It seems to present itself as the best material for exer-
cising force and developing power. Solid matter used in the
arts and in mechanics is generally metallic, and of all the metals,
those wife the iron base are tlie most used. Bui there is very
little iron in the world and when the iron mines are exhausted,
it is hard to say what will be done. But fortunately, in spite of
all tlie machinery we see about us, the total amount of iron used
is very little, comparatively speaking. If man were dependent
on iron as such for his source of power, he would very soon
exhaust the supply. But of the three states of matter to be
used for the development of power aud the exercise of force and
pressure often of enormous amount, curiously enough man has to
utilize the invisible, light and tenuous gaseous form of matter.

  This form of matter is without tensile strength, and is almost
indefinitely compressible. We live in an atmosphere of gas, for
air is a mixture of gases aud seems the least likely thing
imaginable as an instrument for exercising power or force. It
is really curious to follow out what this light invisible gaseous
thing docs under proper conditions.

  Going back some two thousand years, we are told that Nero
of Alexandria devised the first steam engine. Hia boiler was
mounted so that it could turn and when heat was applied and
steam pressure produced, one or more pipes leading from the
boiler permitted steam to escape tangentially, so that the whole
thing, boiler and all, whirled around at a great rate So we sec
that mankind long ago grasped the idea that a light invisible
gas could be made to develop power. For steain is a true gas,
is a little over half as heavy as air and is just as invisible.

  To propel projectiles for hunting or for war, tlie_ muscular
strength of man was first used in throwing the javelin, in
shooting the arrow from the bow, in projecting stones by hand
or by sling, and by throwing clubs and boomerangs. Then when
bigger projcctilcs were thrown as in attacking cities and
fortresses, machines were made which could throw large stones,
in the construction of which mechanical means were employed.

  But the art of killing your fellowman and destroying his
structures, received its greatest perfection, when, instead of
muscles, instead of mechanical means, gas was used to send
projcctilcs out into spacc. The bullets of rifles, the shells of
cannon, some of which in the World War were thrown a
distance of seventy five miles, rising to a height of twenty-four
miles in their flight, are all discharged by gas. Reaching their
destination, shells, which may be a foot and a half in diameter,
are exploded with tlie most destructive cifects, by the simple
expansion of gas within them.

  A boat may be rowed or paddled by hand. By giving it_a sail '
we say the wind blows it along. But the action of the wind on
a sail is simply the pressure of gas against the sail, for air is a
perfect gas. In former days, a sailing vessel that would cross
the Atlantic in two weeks, acquired a celebrity for speed. Now

a steamer goes across in about five days, driven by enormous en-
gines and their power is due purely and simply to the pressure
of gas against the pistons of the cylinders or against the wings
or buckets of turbines. In turbines we are coming back in a sense
to Hero’s engine of twenty centuries ago. All engines, steam
engines or internal combustion engines, operate purely and
simply by gas pressure; by pressure of the one kind of element
which seems utterly unadapted to exercise such force. The
pressure used in tlie steam engine of its various types is due to
gas. In the internal combustion engine such as is used in
automobiles, the pressure is produced by exploding a mixture
of air and gasoline vapor in the cylinder. The explosion takes
place with great readiness because of the large quantity of
hydrocarbon gas mixed with the air to at least start the ex-
plosion, whose heat converts instantly the rest of the gasoline
spray into the form of gas, so that it will burn with such readi-
ness as to constitute an explosion. And here we come to a
■curious thing.

  The explosion of hydrocarbon gases under various condi-
tions, involving of course, the ignition of a mixture of a com-
bustible with air, may be very violent, and may be simulated by
mixing a very finely divided combustible powder with air, the
fine division of the combustible, giving it a certain approxima-
tion to the gaseous state. We have explosions in flour mills,
where the air charged with dust forms an explosive mixture.
It is even said that the Diesel engine, which burns heavy oil,
can be driven by dust fuel, so that one might drive a ship across
the ocean, using barrels of flour instead of gallons of oil, which
is certainly a rather amusing suggestion. But the pressure to
drive the engine would be that of gas produced by the com-
bustion of the finely divided solid.

  Gunpowder, whether the old-fashioned black mechanical
mixture of carbon, sulphur and the "villainous saltpeter," or the
modern chemical compounds, all depend ior their action upon
the production of gas. And this invisible light substance, ab-
solutely without strength of any sort, develops power and force
which can produce the most appalling effects. It is almost a
contradiction of mechanics that such a thing as gas can do
what it does in the way of developing the most intense strains
and forces known to mankind.

  It may seem to be a side issue but gas is used to cut great
steel beams and other steel and iron forms. The little gas
blowpipe produces intense heat, but this is not enough to cut
steel. But by giving an excess of oxygen to the blowpipe jet an
oxidizing flame is produced. When this impinges on iron or
steel, it burns it literally, converting the surface into fusible
magnetic oxide, which as fast as produced flows away like a
liquid, exposing_ a fresh surface, and more iron is burned
through. In this way a channel is cut through the heaviest
beam in a few minutes. The blowpipe can even cut steel deep
down under water. _

  In the competition between the airplane and dirigible, the
advocates of the plane may exult in not requiring gas. But
it is the air, which is a gas, which supports them. They arc
upheld by the pressure of a gas. A partial vacuum is pro-
duced on the upper surface of the wing and the unbalanced
pressure on the lower surfacc supports the plane.

 197
    . . And now, though it outraged
common sense , . . though my mind
could not fully grasp the actuality, the
impossible had occurred, and we were
in the presence of the mysterious, invis-
ible phenomenon.
Nof- G

ravitationa

Vortex

By A. Hyatt Verrill

Author of “The Astounding Discoveries of Dr. Mentiroso ” “Into the Green Prism,” etc.

Illustrated by MOREY

    fj/- HAT is gravitation? Where does the earth's gravitation cease? Does it
    rr end abruptly—as though there <were a gravitational wall to shut it in at
    some certain distance from our earth? In short, <ishat do we know about gravi-
    iation? Very little., except its effects; its cause may be defined as the presence of
    matter. But why does matter produce it? It may he that if ever we find out
    what it is all about, some effective method for annihilating gravitation may be
    found. On the other hand, it may be that the secret of gravitation may be dis-
    covered only after some annihilating process is found. Mr. Verrill gives us here
    an extraordinary tale deeding with this theme, in which he tells about vortices
    that develop a strange phenomenon—the local annihilation of gravitation. And
    he gives us ingenious suggestions that simulate plausibility and proof.

C-HArTER I

A Dual Personality

THOUGH we may not always realize the
fact, men with dual personalities are many.
Not necessarily Jekyll and Hyde characters;
yet men with two natures as distinct and op-
posed to each other as were the two sides of
the famed Doctor Jekyll. Many a man, counted by those
who know him best as miserly and selfish, secretly gives
great fortunes to charit3'. Many a man who professes
to be an agnostic or even an atheist contributes to mis-
sions and builds churchcs, and many an old rounder who
spends nights in riotous living is a staid, dry-as-dust
scientist in his home town or among those who know him.
Indeed, I truly believe that every man and woman pos-
sesses this duality of personalities—that in all of us there
is a constant struggle for supremacy between two indi-
vidualities, and that it is only a matter of degree or per-

haps of self-control, or maybe fear, that differentiates
those whose one personality dominates and those whose
two personalities have equal play.

  Such a man was my old friend Sir Esme McDonald.
To the world at large, to the press, even to the majority
of his most intimate friends, and most certainly to liis
matter-of-fact business associates, Sir Esme was a mil-
lionaire dilettante; a good sportsman, a1 high-living
Scotch laird with thousands of acres of shooting in the'
Trossachs, a castle near Wirling, a fine ocean-going
steam yacht on the Clyde, a hunting and a manor-house
in the Midlands, and an ugly, curtain-windowed mansion
just off Berkeley Square.

  A fine figure of a man well over six feet, broad-shoul-
dercd, sturdy as one of his own beeches; florid-faced,
active, energetic, keen-cycd—Sir Esme was the best type
of .Briton; reserved, hospitable, with the easy quiet assur-
ance that only generations of breeding can produce; in-
tense in his likes and his dislikes, a steadfast friend and,
with his intimates, loquacious, enthusiastic and unrc-

199
200

AMAZING STORIES

served. Yet I doubt if among all his friends there were
more than a dozen who knew or suspected anything of his
other personality. And I am sure that, aside from myself,
not three of Sir Esme’s most intimate friends—no, not
even members of his own family—were aware of the
prominent place he occupied in the scientific world; the
remarkable discoveries he had made,, the innumerable
monographs and scientific articles he had written, nor that
Sir Esme McDonald, Bart, was identical with Alexander
Macdonald, the' internationally known scientist.

   One might have visited his Scotch castle, his Midlands
home, his London rcsidcnce, and nowhere, from cellars
to roofs, have found a trace of any scientific instruments,
scientific books of any object that would have led one to
suspect that the millionaire, sporting laird was the least
bit interested in anything save shooting, hunting, golf,
fishing, horse racing and yachting. The books that filled
the shelves of his libraries were the most expensive first
editions and editions de luxe; his galleries were hung
with priceless paintings by the most famous of old mas-
ters and modern artists. There were prints of sporting
sccnes, wild, animal trophies, yachting, polo, racing and
hunting cups and ribbons; mounted heads of deer, ante-
lope, wild goats, buffalo, ibex and countless other antlered
and horned beasts; stuffed record-breaking salmon, trout
and deep-sea fish; there were albino pheasants, grouse,
capercailzie and other game birds hi cases, but never a
retort, a telescope, a microscope nor an electrical or chem-
ical device was in evidence.

  Yet, tucked away in an old Georgian house off Earl’s
Court was perhaps the most perfectly equipped physical,
chemical and electrical laboratory in the British Empire.
The upper story housed three magnificent telescopes with
complete astronomical photographic apparatus, celestial
charts and every appliance known to modern astrono-
mers—as well as to the ancients—with many that no one,
aside from their owner and inventor, had ever seen. And
here—when Sir Esme disappeared from his castle, his
city home or his business for days or weeks (as he often
did) or when he vanished for a night, Alexander Mac-
donald might be found, working over some new theory,
carrying on involved and bewildering experiments in
physics or chemistry, or studying the heavens.

  Why Sir Esme should have taken me into his confi-
dence, as he took few others, I cannot say with certainty.
Possibly it was because, being an American, he felt that
my status was different from that of any British friend;
perhaps it was because of my extremely liberal views on
much mooted scientific questions; or again it may have
been because we were mutual friends of Dr. Thomson,
who, I believe, shared .Sir Esme’s secret. But I prefer
to think that it was solely because Sir Esme had implicit
faith and trust in me and—I say it without egotism—
because from the moment we met there sprang up a
most intimate and delightful friendship.

   Tf there is anything in the theory of auras or of mag-
netism between fellow men, then most assuredly Sir
Esme’s and my auras must have blended perfectly, for
never have I taken such an instantaneous liking for any
man and, as he himself admitted, Sir Esme took as great
and as unaccountablc a liking for me. Yet it was a long
time after we first met before he revealed the fact that
he led a dual life, and that he was, to the scientific world,
Alexander Macdonald. Possibly he might never have let
me into his secret had we not, during a conversation,
touched on a matter on which we both held very unor-

thodox views. As it was not a scientific matter and has
nothing to do with this story there is no occasion for
going into details. Suffice it to say that Sir Esme held
very pronounced views in the course of the argument—
in which, however, we agreed in many ways—he let slip
a hint of a profound scientific knowledge that amazed
me. In fact, 1 expressed my amazement that he, whose
interests were so far outside those of scientists, should
quote science and should be so familiar with matters usu-
ally known only to them. He. seemed a bit put out for
a moment, flushed, stammered and then with a hearty
laugh declared he would astonish me still more, if, on an
appointed evening, I would call at a certain house in
Earl’s Court.

  Needless to say, when I was admitted by a sphinx-
faced, gray-haired butler and led to a library' or study that
was redolent of science, I found Sir Esme in person.
No, I cannot say in person, for he seemed to have altered
his appearance with his personality. No longer was he
the blufl, out-of-doors sportsman or the immaculately
clad clubman. Instead, I saw a dignified, scrious-faeed
man with slightly stooping shoulders, clad in a denim
smock, with low-toned voice, who appeared far more like
a college professor than a hard-riding, hard-shooting
Scotch laird.

OF our first evening together, or of many subsequent
evenings that we spent in his laboratories or his
observatory, there is no need to speak, other than to state
that I found the scientist, Alexander Macdonald, one of
the most remarkable of men and possessing a most pro-
found knowledge of nearly every branch of science.
Astronomy was a hobby, chemistry a fad, physics a
means to an end, but his obsession was electro-magnetism,
or, to be exact, a force, .which he claimed to have discov-
ered, and which had been confused with electro-mag-
netic force by all other investigators. As he put it, in
trying to make his meaning clear to me, the new force
bore much the same relation to electro-magnetic force as
radium bears to uranium. And according to his theory,
as borne out by his exhaustive researches and experi-
ments, this force, which lie alone had isolated, was the
fundamental force that controlled the universe.

  "It is,” he declared long after our first meeting, “the
force that, since the days of Newton, has been errone-
ously called gravitation. Scientists for years have been
endeavoring to fit Sir Isaac’s theory to actual facts or
vice versa, hut. without success. Hundreds—I might even
say thousands, of theories have been advanced, yet
in every case these theories have failed to explain every
condition. All have been wrong, yet in a measure—in
some respects—all have been right, for the fact remains
that there is such a tiling as gravitation. Yet as man has
been groping in the dark he has been woefully handi-
capped, and as is the case in so many branches of science,
he has deduced theories to fit his own ideas or assump-
tions. Why, my dear sir, consider how universal is the
belief that the solar system is built up on a basis of the
attraction of gravitation; that, should our earth—any of
the planets, in fact—move within the so-called radius of
the sun’s gravitational attraction, we, or they, would be
drawn to the sun; that an object projected into space
beyond the earth’s- gravitational ‘puli’ would fly, let us
say, to the moon. Yet can anyone, any scientist, offer a
rational common sense explanation of why the various
planets remain at their exact and proper distances apart ?
THE NON-GRAVITATIONAL VORTEX

201

Can anyone give a sane and sensible reason for the
heavenly bodies rotating and following their orbits with-
out being ‘drawn’ together ? Can anyone explain why
the supposed ‘attraction’ of our earth remains constant
at any height from its surface that man has ever at-
tained?” He laughed, “Where, may we ask these theo-
rists, does tlie earth’s ‘gravitation' cease? Does it end
abruptly—like a gravitational wall—at some certain dis-
tance from our earth? Does the man, the object that
drops from a balloon or an airplane at twenty thousand
feet in air, drop any more slowly? Does he feel less
gravitational ‘pull’ than if he dropped from a height of
five hundred or one hundred feet?”

  I confess I could find no reply to these posers, but not
being an expert in physics and never having given much
thought to the phenomenon of gravitation. I could do
little more than listen and admit my ignorance .as well as
my open mind.

  But as we became better acquainted, and as Sir Esine,
no, Alexander, gained more confidence and found an out-
let for his pent-up and restrained scientific ardor in talk-
ing with me, I became not only intensely interested but
absolutely amazed. And who could avoid being amazed
if he should see a lump of lead when tossed in air remain
poised midway between floor and ceiling? No, more.
If he should actually see the metal move up and down,
to right or left at will? And yet precisely that feat I
witnessed with my own eyes in my friend's laboratory.

  “But. good Lord!” T exclaimed, “you’ve conquered the
air. If you can do that you can build an airship that will ■
float anywhere, that can move in any direction, that can-
not fall. Why on earth don’t you make practical use of
your discovery? Why not give it tn the world?”

  He smiled, and shook his head. “No,” he declared,
“you are mistaken, and instead of benefiting the world,
my discovery, if made public at this time, might result
in irreparable damages—perhaps even in the annihilation
of mankind. T have not ‘conquered the air’ as you put it.
1 have merely discovered the force that controls gravi-
tation. I--”

  “But” I objected, “I have always understood that if
it were possible to overcome gravitation, to the extent of
permitting a body to remain suspended in space, it would
only be necessary to let the earth rotate on its axis while
the floating object remained stationary in order to travel
at a speed of approximately one thousand miles an hour
without means of propulsion.”

  Sir Esmc—no, Alexander Macdonald—burst into a
peal of laughter. “What tommy-rot!” he cried good
naturedly. “In the first place, my friend, the object—let
us say the machine—even if relieved of the effect, or
partially relieved, of the effect of gravitation, would still
be in the earth’s atmosphere, and as the atmosphere
rotates with the earth, your floating airship would move
with tlie air and would remain poised over the same spot

on the earth’s surface. And-”

  “But suppose it floated in space—above the atmos-
phere ?” I argued.

  He snorted a bit contemptuously. “Even if that were
possible—which it is not, owing to a dozen reasons I
could present—your machine would not remain poised
and stationary while the earth revolved beneath it. That
is, not unless the. gravitation was cut off over the entire
surface of tlie earth, in which case everything would fly
off and join your floating ship. And that, my friend, is
why I say my discovery might prove a curse instead of

a blessing. I can eliminate or perhaps better counteract
the gravitation, for as a matter of fact the force I have
isolated acts from the outer space downward or rather
inward instead of from the earth outward as everyone has
assumed. I can, I say, manipulate this force to a certain
extent, as far as it affects any small body of certain sub-
stances, among which is lead. Possibly I can best make
my meaning clear by comparing my newly discovered
force to a beam of light.

  “By means of a convex lens a beam of sunlight may be
concentrated upon an object—let us say a bit of lead—
so that the metal will melt, yet outside that concentrated
beam the sunlight has no such effect upon other bits of
lead, in other words, by means of my apparatus I can
prevent a ray or a beam of force from acting upon a
certain object, although everywhere about it—outside the
sphere of effect of my apparatus—the force remains
unchanged and objects remain in silu. And above a cer-
tain distance from the earth’s surface my apparatus fails
to control the force, just as the lens would fail to concen-
trate the light beam beyond its proper and established
focus.”

  “Mmra,” I mused, “I think I understand; but I saw
you move the lead to right and left. Why can’t you
cany it a bit farther and move it to any extent? And
why shouldn’t your apparatus be set up in an airship and
thus be used to nullify gravitation as it proceeds, even if
it were compelled to remain at a fixed distance above the
earth?”

  Sir Esme smiled condescendingly. “All very well in
theory,” he said, “but not in practice. The effect of my
device is—well, I might say, to create a hole in the gravi-
tational force. If the apparatus were placed in a vessel
as you suggest, this ‘hole’ would extend not only down-
ward towards the earth but upward as well, and the result
would be that your ship and its apparatus would remain
in statu quo; in other words the reversed effect on one
side would counteract the effect on the opposite side. In
fact, I am not at all sure that the object might not be
completely disintegrated; I must try that experiment.
No, my dear sir, in order to operate, my device must be
placed on the surface of the earth, and even then it must
be insulated by means of an alloy I have discovered. And
like many inventions and discoveries, this one is only
successful on a small scalc. I can raise that half pound
piece of lead as you see; but I cannot budge a mass
weighing ten pounds.”

  “Why can’t you increase the power of your machine
in proportion to the weight of the object?” I asked him.

  He shook his head. “No use” he declared positively.
“I’ve tried it and it doesn’t work. No, the whole thing
is in its experimental stage and it’s a beastly dangerous
thing to experiment with, unless the greatest care is used.
If it were made public some consummate ass might suc-
ceed in eliminating gravitation over a considerable
area. Think of the result in that case!”

  “Well it’s darned-weird—downright uncanny,” I said,
staring at the bit of lead still poised midway between the
table and ceiling. “And it seems to me there must be
some use—some value to it.”

  “Eventually perhaps,” he agreed, “but it would amaze,
you and many other laymen if you knew how many aston-
ishing scientific discoveries are made, which are relegated
to the limbo of forgotten things, merely because they can-
not be put to any useful or valuable purpose. I could
name dozens. In fact T have personally made dozens of
202

AMAZING

STORIES

such discoveries. But mainly they are made by scien-
tists employed by commercial firms who take no interest
in any scientific discovery that fails to fulfill their require-
ments."

  “Yes,” I observed, “I suppose that's true. I’ve heard
others say the same thing; but it seems to me this is a
really big, an astonishing tiling. -And you said yourself
it upset all existing theories and might revolutionize phys-
ics and other sciences.”

  He nodded. “Quite so,” he agreed. “But”—with a
sigh—“what use is revolution unless something is gained
thereby? However—” he paused and gazed contem-
platively at the floating picce of lead—“somehow I have
a feeling, a hunch as you Americans would express it,
that there is something back of it, that I am on the eve of
a great discovery; a great truth that will startle the
world.”

  I laughed.

  “I should say that the discovery you have already
made is quite startling enough,” 1 told him.

CHAPTER II

Harvey, an Enigma

SIR ESME’S lapses into his scientific personality
were very irregular, and often, for weeks at a time,
the Earl's Court laboratory was dark and deserted
and to all intents and purposes Alexander Macdonald
ceased to exist. Again, Sir Esme McDonald would van-
ish quite as completely as if the earth had swallowed him
up, and for days or weeks lie would be lost to the world
as he buried himself in his scientific researches. As I
never knew when he would be at his laboratory, and as
I had no wish to intrude myself upon him, it had been
agreed that when he was in the Earl’s Court house and
wished my companionship, lie would notify me. Among
his other idiosyncrasies was a detestation of the telephone
that amounted almost to a mania. Although for business
and other reasons phones were neccssary in his home, or
rather in his various homes, he never permitted the instru-
ments to be within his sight or hearing and never used
them himself.

  It was a long time before I learned the reason for this
seemingly unreasonable prejudice against telephones, and
I was at a total loss to account for such an apparently
ridiculous attitude on the part of a man of Sir Esme’s
character and mentality until a mutual friend explained.
Sir Esme’s only son, the heir to his fortune and his title,
(the Baronet was a widower) had been instantly killed
in an airplane accident, and the tragic news had been
communicated to him by telephone. The shock was, of
course, overwhelming, and I could well understand why,
after such a harrowing experience, he could not bear the
instruments that were constant reminders of the tragedy,
and I could not blame him for his attitude. I mention
this fact because it had a rather important bearing on the
events that I am about to relate. Owing to this feeling
on the part of my friend, it had been arranged that he
should communicate with me through his man, Harvey,
the old and trusted retainer who had admitted me to the
Earl’s Court laboratory on the occasion of my first visit
to that place.

  Harvey was a most remarkable personage, and as he
played an important role in our adventures, a few words
in regard to him are essential.

HE was, I should say, a man of sixty, about Sir
Esme’s own age, and had been picked up, lashed to
a rude raft of wreckage in mid-ocean, by Sir Esme, who
was cruising on bis yacht. When rescued, the castaway
had been unconscious. For days he had hovered on the
verge of death, and when he eventually recovered his
health and strength, his mind, as far as his past was con-
cerned, was a total blank. He could not recall his own
name, the name of the vessel that had gone down, how
the accident occurred nor any other detail of the past. In
vain Sir Esme and innumerable specialists tried to re-
store the man’s lost memory, to reawaken his mind. To
him life began with the hour of his recovery aboard the
Loch Lovern, Sir Esme’s ocean-going yacht, a splendid
five-masted bark, for Sir Esme was a true sailor and had
no use for steam.

  But that the man had been at sea or was a seaman was
soon evident. He seemed instinctively to know the name
and location of every line, sheet, brace and halyard aboard
the yacht; he could navigate, and every now and then
flashes of past knowledge and experiences would come to
him, surprising himself as much as others. For example:
on one occasion, as the yacht was making a strange port,
lie cautioned the sailing-master to keep a trifle more to
starboard as there was an unmarked rock on the port side
of the channel. Another time, when running for shelter
under double-reefed topsails in a typhoon, he declared
that a safe harbor and secure anchorage lay behind a
wooded point
At times, also, he exhibited a knowledge of matters
and of an education that had no place in a seaman or a
ship’s officer, and that puzzled Sir Esme tremendously.
Not that he could converse on such matters nor discuss
them intelligently or at length. They were mere flickers,
unconscious or perhaps better, subconscious, glimmers of
things familiar to him in his former existence; fleeting
memories gone almost as soon as they were formed. The
naming of some strange bird, beast or plant; a reference
to some important date or event of the past, a quotation
from some classic or poem, the mention of some person
or place, and on one occasion, when Sir Esme was
puzzling over an abstruse mathematical problem of
astronomy, the factor by which the problem was solved.
He was, in fact, a man of mystery, and Sir Esme, as well
as Harvey himself (a name he had taken by choice) had
devoted days and weeks to searching the lists of crews
and passengers on all vessels that had been wrecked or
reported missing at the time when he had been picked up.
No one who answered Harvey’s description had been
lost so far as could be determined, and the only vessel
that had disappeared with all on board, and of which 110
complete list of passengers—if she carried any—and
crew was obtainable, was the Santa Incs, Spanish vessel
plying between Vigo and the Canaries and which, by no
possibility, could have been within a thousand miles of
the spot where Ilarvey had been found adrift upon his
bit of wreckage.

  It is almost impossible for a normal man to fully realize
what Harvey’s condition meant in life. He was like an
infant transformed by magic to a fully developed man,
like an untutored savage whisked by a miracle into the
midst of civilization. Everything, even the commonest
everyday matters were, to his mind, absolutely new, al-
though I must qualify that statement somewhat. Though
he could recall nothing of his past, though his life and
world began—as far as his consciousness went—011 the
THE NON-GRAVITATIONAL VORTEX

203

Loch Lovern, yet certain features of his past remained.
He could read and write; he spoke several European
languages fluently, and in his educational attainments he
was the equal of the average high school boy. But such
matters, as well as his knowledge of everyday affairs,
food, clothcs, behavior, etc., seemed instinctive. So, too,
although he could not recall ever having seen them, rail-
way trains, motor cars, all the modernities of our civiliza-
tion seemed perfectly natural to him. But dates, events,
the World War, the most important occurrences prior to
his rescue, were absolutely unknown. At first he had
been very sensitive in regard to his condition, he had
avoided other men—though fairly worshiping Sir Esme
—and had consequently developed a taciturnity, a shell
of aloofness, of silence and of impassivity that sur-
rounded and enveloped him like a coat of mail. Even to
Sir Esme he was inarticulate.

  He had insisted from the first upon being Sir Esme’s
servant, his very shadow. It was hopeless for the Baro-
net to attempt to dissuade him.

  And as he was at a distinct disadvantage among the
other servants on Sir Esme’s estate or in his various es-
tablishments, the Baronet hit upon the plan of taking him
into his confidence, installing lum as the sole servant in
the secret laboratory and making Ilarvey the valet, but-
ler, care-takcr, guardian, assistant and general factotum
of Alexander Macdonald.

   He felt that with Harvey the secret of his dual person-
ality was safe, and Harvey seemed lo accept the anoma-
lous condition of his master as perfectly natural. He
never addressed the Baronet or referred to him as Sir
Esme or My Lord. Always it was “Sir” or “Mr. Mac-
donald” or “Mr. Alexander 1” And to Sir Esme’s amaze-
ment, Harvey, without any instructions or suggestions,
had been perfectly at home among the delicate and com-
plicated scientific devices and apparatus in the laboratory
and observatory. As though he had all his life been quite
accustomed to such things, he knew the purpose, the use
of everything, aud when, out of curiosity and as a test,
the Baronet—or as I should call him Alexander—gave
him permission to make use of the equipment, he dis-
covered to his utter astonishment that the memory-dead
man possessed a subconscious and quite inexplicable
knowledge of the. sciences that was almost equal to his
own. The tiling was the more amazing as Harvey could
not himself give any explanation of why or how he did
this, that or the other. To him the word electron meant
nothing, yet like an automaton or a man under hypnotic
influence he produced a device by which he secured a
photographic record of an electronic How on a metal disc.
When Sir Esme—no, Alexander—mentioned the con-
stellation Aries, Harvey's face was a blank, yet he readily
and unhesitatingly adjusted the telescope to precise po-
sition to bring Aries into the field of vision.

   “He is the most amazing person in the world, really!”
Sir Esme declared, when he told me of Harvey’s history.
“He must have been a man of the highest attainments in
general science yet, as far as conscious knowledge is con-
cerned, he is ignorant of the very rudiments of science.
Do you know, I would really give a great deal if I pos-
sessed a knowledge of psychology, so I could devote my-
self to studying him. It is for all the world as if he were
living in a dream—acting, moving, carrying on while
asleep, yet talking, behaving, living his ordinary life as
though wide awake.”

  But though I forbore to say so, for I was not quite

sure of my friend’s psychological condition or his knowl-
edge of his own dual personality, Harvey to my mind
was no greater mystery than his master. The one pos-
sessed two distinct personalities, each conscious, while
the other possessed two egos the one conscious and the
other sub-conscious. For that matter I was not, and
even yet am not quite sure if the Baronet was fully con-
scious of the existence of his two selves. Never, while
he was Alexander Macdonald, did he refer to Sir Esme
McDonald save as another and wholly distinct individual.
Even when he was telling me of Harvey’s history he did
not speak in the first person, but narrated the story ex-
actly as if telling of some other man’s experiences. He
did not say “I picked him up at sea.” He said, “He
was picked up by Sir Esme McDonald.” And when my
friend was in the role of Sir Esme, never did. he refer
by so much as a word or a hint to Alexander Macdonald,
the scientist. So, after all, perhaps of the two men,
Sir Esme was the most amazing.

  But to go back to where I stated that it had been
agreed that Sir Esme—yes, I shall refer to him as Sir
Esme—was to notify me that he would welcome my com-
pany at his laboratory.

  It was several weeks after I had witnessed his amazing
experiment with the bit of lead when Harvey rang my
bell and announced that “Mr. Alexander” wished to see
me at the Earl’s Court house.

  “Very well, Ilarvey,” I said. “Tell him I’ll be over in
an hour or so. I have an appointment to meet some
friends leaving Victoria station at ten. Then I’ll go
direct to the laboratory.”

  Harvey hesitated a moment, his sphinx-like face be-
traying nothing. Then, with a typical butler’s cough. “I
beg your pardon, sir,” he said. “But I would suggest
that you should come at once, sir. I—well, sir, to tell the
truth, Mr. Alexander seemed greatly excited, sir, and
most anxious for you to join him at the earliest possible
opportunity, sir. I trust you will not consider me pre-
sumptuous, sir, but if you could find it convenient to see
my master first, sir, and to keep your appointment later,
sir, 1 would advise it, sir.”

  Now, never before had Harvey made such a long
speech. Never had he offered a suggestion as to my or
Sir Esme’s actions, and I felt sure that some most impor-
tant matter indeed must be afoot to have caused him
to speak as he had. So, filled with intense curiosity to
learn what had excited my friend and why my presence
was so essential, I scrapped all my prearranged plans,
stopped only long enough to phone my departing friends
that T would be unable to see them off, and with Harvey,
hurried to the Earl’s Court laboratory.

CHAPTER III

Positive Signs of Success

HARVEY had not exaggerated. Sir Esme was
more than excited; in fact for a moment I
feared that something serious had happened,
that he was ill or deranged. He was wild-eyed, his hair
was dishevelled, and he was pacing nervously, excitedly,
up and down the hallway, puffing furiously at a huge
pipe, and muttering, exclaiming to himself. But at my
entrance he wheeled. His eyes lit up with pleased recog-
nition. The next instant he was almost forcing me down
the hallway and into his library.
201.

AMAZING

STORIES

  “Thank heaven you’re here!” he cried. “It I’d been
compelled to keep this to myself much longer I would
have gone mad. I must tell someone, and you're the only
one I could think of, could depend upon, could trust.
By Gad, no one else would believe it! But you—” he
laughed hoarsely—“you’re no scientist, so you'll believe.
Your mind is open—free of hide-bound prejudice. Yet
I can't yet believe it myself. It’s too big; it has too many
possibilities, and—damn it all, it’s too uncanny!”

  Each moment he was getting more and more excited.
While excitement in some men might seem quite natural,
in the case of Sir Esme, the most unemotional, unex-
citable man I had ever known, this feverish, nervous
excitement seemed almost terrible.

  “What is it? What’s the trouble?" I asked him.
He laughed, hoarsely; almost, I might say drunkenly.
“I hardly dare tell even you,” he declared. “It sounds
too preposterous, and when I have told you, and if you
believe it, you won’t wonder I’m almost mad; in fact I
do not blame you in the least if you think I am mad.”
Then, with a great effort calming himself: “It has to do
with that same force,” he said, “i’ve been experimenting,
testing, but it was Harvey who gave me the real idea, the
real suggestion—Harvey and you, my friend. Really I

take no crcdit whatever for it. I-”

  “The old story of fools rushing in, eh!” I laughed.

  “Not fools,” he retorted. “Harvey’s no fool and-”

  “I am," I interrupted.

  He chuckled in the old way, and I thanked heaven his
unnatural excitement had vanished. “Not a bit of it, by
Jove!” he declared. “The scientists are the fools. But
seriously, do you recall your remarks about my discov-
ery? About objects flying oil into space and so on?”

  1 nodded.

  “And do you remember that T stated that I could lift
an object only a certain distance? That I could lift only
objects of definite weights ? That my apparatus operated
upon or repelled the force for only a certain distance,
and over a definite, restricted area?”

  Again I assented.

  “I was the fool,” he exclaimed. “But Ilarvey brought
me to my senses. He was watching my experiments and
muttered as if to himself ‘vortex.’ ‘What do you mean?’
I demanded. Poor Ilarvey winked his eyes, gulped and
seemed to come out of a trance. He didn't even know
he’d spoken. Then suddenly, like an inspiration it came
to me. Vortex! Whirlpools! Whirlwinds! Like a flash
I understood! The force I had discovered, the force that
was the real source of gravitation, when repelled by my
device acted like a vortex—a whirlpool—but a reversed
vortex. Do you understand ? Do you see ? My instru-
ment represented the apex, the point of the vortex, a
disturbance of the force, that spread out like a cone as it
ascended, like—well, like any other ray, like the beam
thrown by a searchlight. You remember I compared my
force to a beam of light when I showed you the floating
piece of lead—” he laughed—"but I liad 110 idea, no con-
ception at that time of the exactness of my simile. And
just as a ray, a beam of light—for that matter just as
sound—thins out, becomes weak, in ratio to the square
of the length of its radius from its origin, so this force
01 the area—the base of the inverted cone of influence—
Ot the interrupted force I created, became thinner,
fainter, less powerful in ratio to the square of the dis-
tance from its origin and its angle of—well, I might say
locus. No wonder my lead rose to a definite height and

remained there. No wonder I could not lift an object

exceeding a certain weight. I-”

  “Hold on!” I ejaculated. “You’re getting too involved
for me to follow. I grasp the cone idea, but I don’t see
why, if you used greater power or force or a larger appa-
ratus or whatever you may call it, the cone or vortex
would not be proportionately increased in force and
lienee a larger weight would be lifted to a greater height,”
“Ah, but my dear sir, that was just the trouble,” cried
Sir Esme. “When I increased my power, as you call it,
I merely created a more widely diffused disturbance of
the force. It was analogous to using a more powerful
light in the searchlight but also using a wider distribut-
ing lens. There is greater light to be sure, but it is
spread by the lens to a wider angle and throws a beam no
farther than the smaller light with die smaller lens.”

1 SHOOK my head in despair. “Now let me get this
straight,” I begged him. “One moment you com-
pare your force, no, the area wherein the force is nulli-
fied, to a vortex or a 'cone. But the next moment you state
that the objects affected rise or move away from the apex
of the vortex. I thought, in the case of vortices, every-
thing was drawn from the edges into the apex.”

  Sir Esme gazed at me pityingly and I knew he thought
me the fool he had once denied me to be. But he was
very patient, now that he had relieved his pent-up feelings
by discussing the matter with me.

  “I didn’t intend to convey the idea that the affected
area—the force-vacuum as I might express it, was ro-
tating, whirling like a true vortex,” he explained. ‘"I
have no reason to assume or to think that there is any
such movement taking place. No, the very reverse is the
case; the object affected is the moving object Have
you—of course you must have witnessed the feat of a
motorcyclist driving at top speed around and around the
interior of an inverted, conical track. Or, to put it even
more simply, you know that a sharp curve on a road
should always be banked. You must be familiar with so-
called centrifugal forces, the tendency of a moving object
to slide off to one side when traveling in a circle. That
is what occurs when I operate my repelling device. The
object affected races about the invisible circumference
of the inverted cone of forcc-vacuum and so mounts up-
ward, just as the motorcyclist rises swiftly towards the

top of his conical enclosure. But-”

  “But—” I interrupted him. “The lead most certainly
did not move. It remained stationary. It rose straight
up."

  “I beg your pardon, but it most assuredly did not,”
he declared. “To your eyes, to mine it appeared to do
so. But the human eye is incapable of registering motion
beyond a certain—and very moderate—speed, just as the
human ear cannot register seund above or below certain
limits of vibratory waves.” “You mean to say—” I
began, but he checked me with a gesture.

  “Exactly,” he cried. “You cannot see a rifle ball
passing through the air. You cannot distinguish the in-
dividual spokes of a rapidly moving wheel, yet you must
have observed that in motion pictures the spokes of a
wheel on a moving motor car often appear to be sta-
tionary or to move in-the reverse direction. And if a
disk or a ball is rotated extremely rapidly no human eye
can determine whether it is stationary or is rotating. In

this case-”

  “Granted that I might not detect its motion if rotating
THE NON-GRAVITATTONAL VORTEX

205

on its own axis, I assuredly would have seen it ii it had
moved about the circumference of the cone-like area," I
argued, “For had it moved about with sufficient speed to
have rendered its travel invisible, the object itself would
have been invisible.”

   Sir Esme chuckled. “Your reasoning- is remarkable
 for a non-scientific man,” he told me, ‘'but you forget,
 or perhaps I forgot to state, that the cone of force-
 vacuum is so small—its diameter so small—that your
 argument docs not hold. The diameter of the cone of
 affected space is, at the limit reached by the object, pre-
 cisely that of the object, or at the most, only slightly
 larger than, the object itself. The moment the object
 attains to that point it mounts no higher. Consequently,
 as it races madly—probably thousands of times a second
 —around the circumference of a cone no larger than
 itself, it practically rotates upon its own axis and hence
 to our eyes it appears to be stationary. Ah, I know, for
 I very foolishly touched the piece of lead while poised
 in air and the thing shot off with centrifugal forcc with
 the speed and power of a bullet. Why, by Jove, it
 smashed two beakers to atoms and penetrated an inch
 of deals! Thank God it had the good sense to fly away
 from me, or rny experiments would have ended then and
 there.”

   “Hmm,” I observed. “But why doesn’t the thing rise
 higher—up to the limits of the cone of—er, what "you
 call force-vacuum ?”

   Sir Esme shook his head. “I am not quite certain
 myself,” he admitted, “but I think it is because the fric-
 tion or the resistance is greater than the lifting power of
 the affected area. It is in a reverse way somewhat akin to
 the phenomenon of a falling body. Theoretically, a fall-
 ing body should increase its speed as it drops—that is,
 tlie farther it falls the faster it should fall, hut as a matter
 of fact, owing to friction and resistance of the atmos-
 phere, its speed, after a definite fall is reached, remains
 constant. But that, my friend, is where I have made the
 great discovery, tire discovery that so excited me.”

   “Good Lord!” I exclaimed, “I thought what you have
 just told me was the discovery. You don’t mean to tell
 me there is more coming!”

   “This is merely the beginning,” he assured me. “The
 real discovery came through a device by which the focus,
 if 1 may so term it, of the repellent area was intensified—
 exactly as you or I or anyone can focus the lens of a lan-
 tern or a stereopticon. And by increasing the focus or
 the intensity of my repellent beam as the object ascends,
 I can send the thing racing upward for an indefinite dis-
 tance—for all I know into space itself.”

   “Then you could project a vessel or a device into
 space so the earth would rotate beneath it and the de-
 vice—the vessel—would, in effect, travel westward at
 one thousand miles an hour,” I exclaimed.

   “Ko,” he declared, “that is impossible. The repellent
 beam would have to follow the object to accomplish that,
 and the beam is fixed—it is projected straight-radially,
 from the earth and at right angles to the earth’s surface.
 But—” Sir Esme paused, leaned forward and spoke im-
 pressively—“I have discovered a most astonishing and
 yet logical thing. If an object is lifted by my device to
 a great height alx>ve the earth, it either completely van-
 ishes or returns to the earth at a spot some distance from
 where it started.”

   “WhatI” I ejaculated. “You mean you actually have
 , well—er, blown things into spa.ee!”

  “I cannot positively say,” he replied. “But I do know
that, in several instances, objects fell back to earth sev-
eral feet—even a number of yards from the point where
I projected them, while others, projected to a greater
height, have never returned.”

  i laughed. “Pardon me,” I cried, “but that does not
prove that they actually vanished. In fact your state-
ment that some fell back at a considerable distance from
where you sent them soaring indicates to my mind that
the others merely descended beyond your sight or hear-
ing. But come, where and when did you make these
tests? I’m mighty sorry I could not have seen them.”

  lie grinned boyishly. “I—or rather we, for I must
include Harvey—conducted them on Sir Esme Mc-
Donald’s property in Yorkshire. There is quite a large
lake in the midst of the moor—a lonely uninhabited
spot—and once I discovered that tlie objects did not re-
turn to their starting point, I made use of the lake in
order, if possible, to determine if they descended near
and if so at what distances from the apparatus. You
see, I thought at first it might be tlie result of wind or
other simple causes. But I soon determined to my en-
tire satisfaction that they fell always northwest of the
point of departure, and that the distance varied in exact
ratio to the intensity of the nullifying beam employed.

  “So that proves my contention,” I interrupted. “Those
that were sent highest fell proportionately farther away
and out of your range.”

  He shook his head. “I thought so myself—at first,”
lie said. “But the strange feature is this. I adjusted—
or I might say graded—the focus so as to project the
objects (in this case they were iron cubes) higher and
higher by degrees. In cach case the cubes fell back in
the proper ratio of distances until a ccrtain power or
focus was used, whereupon none returned. Now, my
dear sir, you must admit that if it was simply a matter
of their falling so far distant that they were beyond our
ken, there would have been intermediate falls, just as
there were intermediate beams used. And—” Sir Esme
leaned forward and tapped my knee for emphasis—“a
number of the cubes—those that fell farthest away—
were partially disintegrated—the comers, the edges were
tom away! I am sure—I feel positive that the speed
of rotation of the objects increases with the distance
reached above the earth, and that at a certain distance
the rotation speed becomes so great that the objects are
completely disintegrated—blown to atoms. No doubt,”
he continued, “various substances lose their cohesion at
various heights—they must of necessity, as their tensile
strengths vary—and I intend to make exhaustive experi-
ments covering this feature.”

  He paused.

  “Wonderful!” I declared, “but pardon me if I re-
mind you of it. You stated that many wonderful discov-
eries possessed 110 real value. And personally I cannot
see what value this discovery possesses, if, as you say, a
thing is liable to go to pieces, and the most that can be
done is to elevate an object and let it drop back to earth.”

  Sir Esme rose, stuck his hands in his trousers pockets,
puffed once or twice at his pipe, and gazed steadily at
me from under knitted brows.

  “The value is,” he announced in level tones, “that the
discovery will, unless I am vastly mistaken, solve some
of the greatest mysteries that continue to confront the
human nice.”
206

AMAZING STORIES

CHAPTER IV

Explaining Mysterious Disappearances

FOR a moment I stared at him, almost convinced
that he was not quite himself. Then I laughed.
“Of course!” I exclaimed, “the mysteries of gravi-
tation, of why things on this old earth stay ‘put’ as I

might say, the-”

  “Nothing of that sort!” he interrupted impatiently—
“Mysteries of gravitation, fiddlesticks! The forcc itself
solves that. No, by Gad! what I mean are human mys-
teries—matters that touch us personally; not any
abstruse, scientific piffle, but real, vital, human mysteries
such as—well, the mystery of Harvey, for example.''’

  1 was absolutely amazed, thunderstruck to hear him,
the intensely scientific student, speaking so scathingly of
science, to hear him rating human interests higher than
scientific truths, and his reference to his discovery solv-
ing the mystery of Harvey's past. I was by now almost
certain he had become mentally unbalanced; oil the other
hand I thought it might be only the strain of hard work
plus the excitement over his discoveries. He was not
the excitable sort and I had never before seen him in his
present obviously nervous and keyed-up state. But then
such an epochal and revolutionary discovery as he had
made was enough to key anyone up to the highest pitch.

  “I confess I cannot conceive how your remarkable
discovery and your most recent- experiments have any
bearing on Harvey's case,” I said, speaking as if discuss-
ing a most ordinary matter. “How can-”

  But he did not wait for me to complete my question.
“Of course you wouldn't.” he cried. “I didn’t myself at
first. But the reason it will solve the puzzle of his past—
just as it will solve other riddles, other mysteries—is be-
cause it was the cause of them.”

  This was almost too much. "Caused the lapse of Har-
vey’s memory!" I ejaculated. “How can lhat be pos-
sible? How can a force—a gravitational vacuum, as
you call it—be responsible for the loss of a shipwrecked
man’s memory? Do you mean lhat by some mysterious
means a human memory is whisked into space like your
iron cubes or is shattered into atoms?”

  He grinned and I thanked heaven for that grin, for it
proved he was still sane and was not as nervously ex-
cited as I had thought.

  “No, not quite that,” he replied. “Bui—” he moved
quickly to a chair, seated himself at his littered desk and
readied for a sheet of paj>er, a pencil and a map that I
had noticed lying open on the desk. “Just come here and
I’ll try to make it all clear to you,” he said in quite his
normal tones. “Of course,” he added, “you think I’m
mad as a March hare and I cannot blame you. But as
a matter of fact it’s all very simple—that is. the solution
of the mysteries is simple. I admit the confounded
force and the laws that govern il and the formation of
those vortices are the very reverse of simple. But now
I have the key to them—the fundamental idea as it were,
I’m positive I can work out the details. But—well, let
us start with Harvey’s case. You remember I told you
1 picked him up at sea—” I started involuntarily and
cast a covert.glance at my friend, for never before when
in his Alexander Macdonald ego, had he referred to him-
self in the person of Sir Esme. But he appeared oblivi-
ous of the slip and of my surprise, for he was busy jot-
ting down figures and marking spots on the map.

  “I picked him up right here,” he continued, “yet, as
you know, I searched-all records and am positive that
no vessel was wrecked within hundreds of miles of the
spot—that is no vessel had been wrecked in that vicinity
at that time or near it, and no vessel that by any possi-
bility could have been in the vicinity had been reported
as missing. Yet there he was, floating, lashed to a piece
of wreckage and unquestionably shipwrecked not more
than twenty hours previously—probably not more than
three or four hours.

  “Yet—” Sir Esme wheeled, his eyes half-shut under
his bushy brows and his finger tapping out the words on
his palm, “yet I have every reason to think that Harvey,
as we know him, was actually wrecked more than one
thousand miles distant from the spot where he was
picked tip!”

  “What!” 1 ejaculated. “Why, why that’s impossible!
You say he could not have been in the sea more than a
few hours and it is manifestly ridiculous to believe he
could have drifted a thousand miles from-”

  “Ridiculous! Impossible!” he cried, interrupting my
words. “A short time ago, if T told you I could utterly
eliminate the thing lcnown-as weight—that I could cause
a lump of lead or a piece of iron to move away from the
earth by the elimination of a force hitherto unknown, you
would have declared my statements ridiculous and the
feat impossible. Now, honestly, am I not right?”

  I laughed. “Yes, I presume you are,” I admitted.
“But this, well, this is different.”

  “Is it?” he queried, raising his eyebrows. “I do not
think so, for I feel convinced that Harvey was trans-
ported for more than one thousand miles by the same
means by which the cubes of iron used in my tests were
shot into the air and transported for_ considerable dis-
tances. In other words, my friend, I believe that, in
nalurp, under certain conditions, in certain places and—
thank God—very rarely, gravitational vortices are
formed precisely like those my apparatus produces, but
on a far larger scale. T do not pretend nor attempt to
explain why or how these, are formed, I do not have
the faintest conception of why they should occur, what
produces them, why they are not more common. But I
do know that they do occur. And I base that assumption
on two basic facts. First, what I know of the phenomena
I have artificially produced, and second, because there, is
no other plausible theory to explain certain occurrences
that we know take place and have taken place for ages—
as far back as there is history. You liave heard of the
mystery of the Marie Celeste?" he demanded, suddenly-
altering his tone and abruptly changing the subject.

  I nodded. “Certainly,” I replied. “The vessel—a
bark I believe—that was found, with all sails set, her
boats at the davits, everything in order on board, but
without the trace of a living soul.”

  “And no plausible explanation of the mystery,” he
observed. “Well, by Jove, the gravitational vortex ex-
plains that mystery. And it explains scores of others—
the showers of fishes, of frogs so widely reported; whirl-
winds, tornadoes, watcr-spouts. It explains the baffling
but authenticated showers of stones in the West Indies
and elsewhere, it explains the mysterious, the inexplicable
and yet unquestionable disappearances of human be-
ings—the bodily vanishing of men and women; it ex-
plains many of the seeming miracles of Biblical and other
history; the missing ships and—” lie leaned forward and
spoke earnestly, impressively—“it explains something
THE NON-GRAVITATIONAL VORTEX

207

that affects us of today more closely, far more vitally
—the. tragedies of the air—the airplanes that have
vanished, leaving no trace on transoceanic flights,
the.—” his voice broke—“the crashes, without ap-
parent reasons, that have caused the—the deaths of
so many gallant and splendid young men.”

FOR a moment he was silent, a pained expression
on his face, and I knew that his thoughts were of
his lost son. And then suddenly his face cleared, and
to my amazement, my utter astonishment, it was Sir
Esme and not the scientifically inclined Alexander
who was speaking.

   “My dear friend,” he said. "All the years that I
have spent in scientific research have been with this
one object in view. Long before that tragedy of
my life of which I cannot even now bear to speak
or even think, I became obsessed with the idea of
solving what are to me the most mysterious occur-
rences that ever have taken place. Never have I
believed in the supernatural and I have always felt
convinced that there was nothing that could not be
explained by natural causes provided we understand
those causes.

  “As Sir Esme McDonald it would have been im-
possible for me to have turned to scientific work and
to have been taken seriously. Yet I longed to delve
into the mysteries of research. So I invented Alex-
ander Macdonald the scientist and—” he smiled and
his eyes twinkled—“so thoroughly did I become
Alexander, or perhaps I should say so thinly ve-
neered was Alexander by Sir Esme, that hi time I
became, to all intents and purposes, two distinct
personalities. But now, now that I am on the verge
of solving those mysteries which have always in-
terested me, Sir Esme and Alexander must merge,
for the work 1 have in view can only be carried on
by means of Sir Esme’s wealth and Alexander’s
scientific knowledge combined.” He laughed. “By
Gad!” he cried, “I believe you’re the only man who
ever saw two men become one.”

  “Or one man become two,” I observed. “But,
frankly, though I am, of course, quite willing to be
convinced, I do not even yet understand how this
force you have discovered, or the absence of the
force—and by the way, why not call it Esmeism—■
how this Esmeism or its absence can account for -all
the phenomena or the puzzles you have mentioned.”
“Fine!” he ejaculated. “You’ve found a name
for the force, and as it was not discovered by Sir
Esme but by the studious Alexander, I can accept
your name for it without feeling egotistical. But
seriously, my friend, cannot you see how simple it
is ? For some reason, as yet inexplicable, an Esme-
ismic vacuum—Jove, what an expression!—takes
place over a certain spot on the surface of the earth
or sea. And instantly everything in the area of that
vortex of non-attraction—no, by Gad, of repulsion
to the planet's surface, flies away from the earth.”
“I can understand that,” I admitted. “But if for

M|“Well, it's downright uncanny ” 1
said, staring at the bit of lead still
poised midway between the table and
ceiling.
208

AMAZIIVG STORIES

the sake of argument such a vacuum or vortex
happened to occur where a ship was afloat, the entire
vessel would disappear, whereas, as in the case of the
Marie Celeste, only the persons aboard were missing.
And also, why would the earth or the water not follow ?”
Sir Esme shook his head as if in despair. “Don’t you
remember,” he queried, “that I explained that the weight
of the object lifted or moved depended upon the size of
the area where the force—no, confound it, the Esmeism,
was absent or interrupted? The effect is precisely as if
a magnet were suspended above a bit of iron or steel.
The larger the magnet the larger the piece of metal it can
lift, or perhaps I might better say for purposes of expla-
nation that the same magnet that would lift twenty
pounds, if within a few inches of the object, would not
move that object if separated from it by a few feet. Or
again I might compare the area of eliminated Esmeism
to a beam of light as I have done before. A beam of
light may be focussed to a point upon an object or it
may be widely diffused over the same place, and so it is
in the case of these inverted, cone-shaped areas or vor-
tices of atmosphere freed, by some unknown means, of
the force that is called gravitation. But with a great dif-
ference; whereas the diffused light is less powerful than
the concentrated light, the reverse is the case with Esme-
ism. See—” he sketched rapidly upon a sheet of paper—
“here we have two inverted cones, one with its apex just
touching a plane, the other like an inverted, truncated
cone with a considerable portion of its section touching
the same plane. You readily see that in the first case
only those objects directly under the apex of the cone
would fly upwards, whereas in the second place all the
objects that came within the area of the truncated cone’s
section would be affected.

  “Now, in my experiments I have always, necessarily,
been operating with a vortex whose apex represented my
apparatus, and hence only very small objects directly in
line with tlie apex were affected. But in nature, in the
rase of the phenomena that I am sure occur, a consid-
erable area may be affected, and hence large—extremely
cumbersome objects, such as entire ships may be relieved
of all—well, gravitation, as it is called. And unques-
tionably, in nature, as in my experiments, the force, or
rather the absence of force must vary.”

  “But,” I objected, “Although I can quite understand
all that, yet I cannot understand how a mystery such as
that of the Murie Celeste, or of Harvey, or even the dis-
appearance of a single human being, can be explained
by your theory.”

  “Theory, bosh!” he exclaimed impatiently. “It's not
a theory it’s a demonstrable fact. And why, pray, are
not those mysterious occurrences explicable by it?”
“Well,” I said, “I’m not a scientist as you know, Sir
Esme. But it seems to me that in any of the cases I
mentioned, or in any similar case, the results do not fit
the cause, if I may put it in that way. For example, the
Mane Celeste was in perfect condition, not a thing dis-
turbed aside from the fact that all human beings were
missing. And in the case of a man or woman vanish-
ing—as many have, I admit—how could one individual
be whisked away from a populated spot without others
being disturbed, without someone witnessing the marvel-
ous occurrence and without the victim making an outcry?
And as far as whirlwinds—tornadoes—waterspouts,
showers of fish and such things are concerned, why they
have been otherwise explained long ago.”

  Sir Esme burst into hearty laughter. "Of course they
have!” he cried. “So has the matter of gravitation, of
volcanic eruptions, of sun-spots, of electro-magrfetic
force and scores of others. But do you, does anyone,
recall a single explanation that has not upset some prior
explanation that had been accepted as incontrovertible
fact? Not a bit of it. Man puzzles over some phenome-
non in nature; he manufactures a theory, an explanation
that seems to fit the facts, and until some other man dis-
covers the truth—or hatches a more plausible theory'—
everyone swallows it and is satisfied.

  “Because an apple fell on Sir Isaac Newton's head,
his curiosity was aroused; apples, all other objects,
dropped towards the earth, so naturally—he and his fol-
lowers—argued that everything must be attracted by the
earth, and they christened this purely theoretical attrac-
tion, gravitation. But it never occurred to any of them,
that the same results would follow if the objects were
impelled or pressed towards the earth from outer space.
No, indeed, because man—yes, even scientific man—can-
not readily conceive of anything earthly being subject to
ex-terrestrial forces, everyone looked to poor old earth
for the source of the force that caused the apple to fall.
But that does not answer your questions, your doubts.
Can you not conceive how, if you, if I, were walking
along or standing"still or were sitting here and one of
those inverted vortices of interrupted force—no, Esme-
ism—should by chance form directly above you, so that
its apex was poised directly over your head, you would
be sucked up as it were, without in the least affecting

me, here within a few feet of you? And--”

  “Yes, yes,” I interrupted, glancing unconsciously up-
ward as if half-fearing the tragedy might be hovering
over me, “but would not my chair, the rug, the floor, even
the earth directly underneath, also fly upward?”

SIR ESME shook his head. " “Not necessarily,” he
declared. “If the apex of the vortex, as I must call
it—though it is not a true vortex—if the point, the focal
point, as I may say, was upon you, nothing beneath you
would be disturbed any more than a beam of light con-
centrated upon a sheet of paper and burning a hole
through the paper would burn objects beneath it and out
of tlie focus of the light beam. But should the apex of
the vortex be beneath you then, my friend, you, your
chair, everything movable within the area of interrupted
Esmeism would, as you say, go soaring upward.”

  “I’d get a nasty blimp when I struck the ceiling,” I
observed, “or would a section of the ceiling and roof
vanish and leave a clear exit for me ?”

  “No, that is a rather remarkable feature of the thing,”
he replied. “Only movable matter appears to be affected.
As long as any object is attached or fixed to another ob-
ject outside the sphere of the vacuum, if I may so refer

to it. it remains in situ. I-”

  “But surely if a ship—if a large heavy body would fly
off the earth’s surface, mere nails, screws, bolts or other
fixtures could not hold things in place,” I objected.

  “It is not the strength of the fixtures,” he said slowly
and thoughtfully. “I have carried out some rather inter-
esting tests to determine that. Yes, by Jove, damnably
interesting aud devilishly mystifying. With my device
for creating a small area of Esmeism, I could lift lead,
iron, any material, until it came into contact with some
fixed object. There it stopped. And—well, this is the
most amazing—but hold on. come into the laboratory
THE NON-GRAVITATIONAL YORTEX

209

and I’ll demonstrate it I'll show you something that will
make everything yon have seen- or that I have said, ap-
pear commonplace and simple.”

  .Rising, he led the way into the room where I had first
witnessed his astonishing demonstration, and having ad-
justed and arranged his apparatus I again gazed, almost
as incredulously as on my first visit, at the piece of metal
that floated, light as thistledown, into the air. But this
time, instead of remaining poised, it shot with ever in-
creasing speed upward, struck the ceiling with a resound-
ing noise rebounded, swung up again and finally came to
rest against the ceiling, where it remained as if glued in
place.

  “You observe,” remarked Sir Esme, “that despite the
fact that the Esmeism-free area extends above the ceil-
ing, the. iron cube cannot pass through the plaster and
the rafters. And neither do the materials, of which the
ceiling is composed, fly into space as, heretofore, all
supporters of the gravitational theory would have us
believe would !>e the case were gravitation to be sud-
denly cut off. And now I will give you an even greater
surprise. As he spoke, he pressed a switch; the iron cube
dropped back with a hang to the low table where it had
originally rested, and Sir Esme produced a sheet of thin
cardboard with long cords attached to the four corners.
Fastening these to hooks in the walls, he suspended the
pasteboard sheet above the picce of metal.”

  “Now,” he remarked, “if I produce an Esmeismic area
to indude both the iron cube and the suspended card,
what do you imagine will occur?” I smiled. “Had you
not already assured me that objects attached to other
objects outside, the sphere of influence are not affected?
I should say without hesitation that the cardboard and
the iron would rise to the ceiling. As it is, I cannot be-
lieve that those slender bits of twine can restrain the card
acted upon by a force, or rather a lack of force, strong
enough to levitate a block of solid iron.”

  "Here is the answer!” he exclaimed.

CHAPTER V

The Esmeismic Force

  AS Sir Esme spoke, there was a sharp dick and I
       gazed speechless with wonder, even though I had
       been somewhat prepared for what I saw.

  Again the iron cubc had flown upward as if hurled
from a hidden spring and had struck the suspended card-
board. But instead of tearing through it, or snapping
the strings that secured the. card in place, the piece of
metal merely lifted the card a lew inches and then re-
mained, pressed against the fragile barrier as though the
cardboard had been a sheet of steel!

  Sir Esme grinned and chuckled triumphantly. "Now
what do you think ?” he cried exultantly.

  "I’ll he hanged if T know what to think,” I admitted.
"Why the deuce didn't the iron go through the card—
or at least force it upward?”

  ''That’s the identical question I asked myself,” he re-
plied. “And I can assure you that it amazed and puzzled
me fully as much as it does you. Now watch closely and
I’ll show you another miracle.”

  Once again he allowed the iron to sink back to the
table. “I am about to demonstrate to you the truth of
my deductions in regard to the inverted cone or vortex,”
he informed me. • As he spoke he was arranging a second

sheet of cardboard suspended a few feet above the first.
Then lie stepped to the low table and placed several iden-
tical iron blocks upon it and a few inches from one an-
other. "These,” he observed, “might represent so many
human beings and what you arc about to witness will, I
think, answer one of your queries, and will amply prove
the truth of my assertions. This one,” he indicated the
cube he already had used, “is, as you will notice, rest-
ing upon a mark that represents the exact apex of the
invisible vortex I am about to produce. The others are
slightly outside the apex. Now,” again he touched the
switch and once more the iron soared upward and came
to rest against the lower surface of the suspended card.
But not another of the cubes moved. “You see/’ said
he, “that only the cube at the apex of the cone was af-
fected. Now if my deductions are correct, if the affected
space is in reality an inverted cone, there will of neces-
sity be a wider, a larger area of interrupted Esmeism on
the suspended sheets of cardboard than upon the table.
Do you grasp my meaning ?”

  I nodded. “Certainly,” I assured him. "I can imagine
an inverted cone, its apex resting upon the table and in-
tersected by the two sheets of pasteboard. Naturally
the uppermost sheet will bisect the imaginary cone where
its diameter is greater than where it is bisected by the
lower sheet.”

  "Precisely/-1 he agreed. Again he permitted the levi-
tated iron to drop back: Then he picked up the others
and placed them at varying distances upon the first of
the suspended sheets, marking with a pencil the position
of each. "Now watch,” he cautioned me, and once more
set his concealed apparatus in motion. Now I had, I felt,
begun to grasp the whole idea. I had begun to take the
astonishing feats he performed as a matter of course, and
what he had told me should have prepared me for the
results that followed.

  Yet I could not repress an exclamation of wonder as
the first cube flew up and, at the same instant, three of
the cubes upon tire cardboard rose as if possessed with
life until they rested against the upper sheet.

  Sir F.sme’s eyes twinkled under his bushy brows.
“Funny stunt, as you Americans say, isn’t it?” he
chuckled. “But do you notice that the three cubes resting
against the second barrier are more widely separated than
when they were placed upon the first ?”

  I had not noticed, but now that he drew my attention
to it I saw he was right. “Pin sorry I cannot mark their
precise positions,” he said, "but the confounded thing
is still too uncertain and in too much the experimental
stage to permit me to insert my hand or any portion of
my anatomy within the sphere of the vortex. I'm no
coward but-”

  “Don’t try it, for heaven’s sake!” I exclaimed.

  "I have no intention of doing so—just at present,” he
assured me. “But as I was about to say. if I could mark
the positions of the cubes, it would simplify matters for
you. However there are more ways than one of skin-
ning an eel—or was it a cat ?—as the old saying goes.”

  Once more he caused the various suspended pieces of
metal to resume their former positions. Then he re-
moved them from the first sheet of cardboard and placed
them at much wider distances apart upon the upper sheet,
marking the position of each as before.

  By now I was prepared for almost anything, and it did
not greatly surprise me to see the cubes fly upward and
strike the ceiling like a charge of exaggerated shot.
210

AMAZING STORIES

  “I think you will agree that they are far more widely
separated tip there than when they rested upon the card,”
said Sir Esme, glancing up at the bits of iron dotting the
plaster above us. “And” he continued, “you noticed that
whereas only three left the first sheet and the others, a
few inches further from the center, were not disturbed,
all those that were resting on the second sheet were lifted,
although several were twice the distance from the center
of the sheet, as were the others. Now do you agree that
I have proved my contentions in respect to the inverted
cone or vortex?”

  “I most assuredly do,” I declared. “But for that mat-
ter I never questioned that contention. That was to me
perfectly reasonable and logical. In fact, speaking as a
layman and not as a scientist. I should have assumed that
any force or rays projected from the surface of the earth
in all directions—or focussed upon the earth’s surface—
would of necessity impinge or emanate at angles—that
they would radiate like the spines of a sea-urchin or the
spokes of a wheel, and hence if considered in small
groups, would form what might be termed inverted
cones.”

  “Hear! Hear!” cried Sir Esme delightedly. “A con-
cise, a brilliant speech! But-" seriously—“all joking

aside you have grasped the idea perfectly.”

  “However,” 1 went on, “I do not yet see. how you can
account for such mysteries as Harvey's memory and the
Marie Celeste by these amazing properties of your force.
And I would like to know—provided you can explain
it—why or how a sheet of cardboard stops lumps of iron
from moving upward, why the sheets themselves are not
lifted, and what is still more astonishing and inexplic-
able to me, why, if the cards stop the iron lumps and are
not themselves moved, objects placed upon them rise.”
“I’m very sorry to have to admit that I cannot fully
account for that myself. But I think it a sort of ‘ground-
ing’ if T may use the term. In other words I believe that
any object connected, ever so lightly, with objects out-
side the sphere of the vortices, is, so to say, grounded to
those outside and hence is not affected. And to a cer-
tain extent such objects are insulators.

  “Although, as you saw, the cubes placed upon the cards
were affected and rose upward, yet my tests have proved
that the force or absence of force becomes less after
passing through such objects—filtered as it were. In
fact, had I placed a dozen or more sheets above my
apparatus, the cubes, if placed upon the highest sheet,
would scarcely have been affected. Now of course with
the influence reversed, coming from outer space towards
the earth, this might not be the ease. Yet I am convinced
that it is and I am convinced that it is due to these still
mysterious and inexplicable laws of Esmeism that, in all
cases of vanishing persons, ships, et cetera, all have taken
place in the open air. I do not know of a single case of a
human being vanishing when within a building.”

  “All very well and good, Sir Esme,” I assented. “But
I am still harping on the same subject. Can you give me
a logical and lucid explanation of how or why the human
beings on the Marie Celeste vanished without any por-
tion of the ship being disturbed, provided they were, as
you claim, carried off by one o-f your Esmeismic cones
forming over the ship?”

  “Of course I can!” he declared. “It’s very simple,
But I'd forgotten to mention that in the course of my
tests and experiments I discovered that the susceptibility
of various substances to the release of Esmeismic force

varies greatly. Organic matter is affected much less than
inorganic matter for example, and metals are affected
more than wood and other substances.

  ‘•'That fact has a great bearing upon the baffling mys-
teries you mention. Briefly then, my theory is this. The
Marie Celeste passed through or came within the area of
influence of one of these vortices—one of minor intensity
or power, as I might say; but which was sufficiently pow-
erful to cause all human beings on deck to be carried
into space—together with the dog and cat (you remem-
ber they, too, were missing) And-”

  “Hold on!” I interrupted. “How about the men below
decks? And how about objects on deck?”

  “No doubt,” he continued, oblivious of my interrup-
tion, “any persons who may have been below deck came
on deck owing to unwonted sounds or possibly cries. I
feel sure these vortices move about, and it is quite pos-
sible that in this particular case the persons were not all
lifted into air at once, but some were seen to vanish by
their terrified comrades who, paralyzed with superstitious
fear, made no attempt to escape a fate of which they
were totally ignorant. And as regards articles upon
deck! how do we know such objects did not vanish? It
was reported that boats, deck fittings, hatch covers, etc.,
were undisturbed, but all objects attached or even lashed
to the vessel would have remained, as I have demon-
strated.”

£'TT seems utterly incredible,” T declared, “Yet I admit
it is no more incredible than the known facts and not
as incredible as many of the theories advanced to explain
the mystery. But granting it did occur as you say, how
about Ilarvey and the other cases?”

  “Harvey!” exclaimed Sir Esme. “I am convinced
Harvey was upon that Spanish vessel that vanished, leav-
ing no trace. I believe that the ship came within the area
of an Esmeismic vortex; that it was swept upward, and

that portions of it:-including Ilarvey—were dropped

back to the sea a thousand miles from the spot where the
ship vanished.”

  I was absolutely dumbfounded at Sir Esme’s words.
That any sane man could propound such a wild impos-
sible theory, even if his deduction in respect to the Marie
Celeste and other mysteries were corrcct, seemed abso-
lutely preposterous, yet Sir Esme seemed sane, normal
and absolutely sincere. In fact he appeared to sense
nothing very remarkable, and certainly nothing incred-
ible in his amazing statements.

  “Good Lord, man!” I gasped. “How could he—how
could any man—survive such an experience?”

  “Men have survived worse,” he commented laconically.
“And the very fact that he was nearly dead and had lost
all memory proves he had undergone some terrible ex-
perience, something worse than mere immersion in a
tropical sea for a few hours. Everything points to the
truth of my deduction. Did I not tell you that the ob-
jects I projected to extreme heights ahvays fell back to
earth at some distance to the southwest of the spot
whence they departed ?

  “And I have made careful calculations and am positive
that a vessel, lifted or propelled or levitated—whichever
you prefer—at the position in which the Santa hies was
or should have been at the time of her disappearance,
would have returned to the earth—in case she returned at
all—in or very near the precise spot where I found
Harvey floating on his bit of wreckage.”
THE NON-GRAVITATIONAL VORTEX

211

  “But,” I objected, “In that case why were there no
others—no other bits of wreckage to be found? And
why should the ship or anyone on her return to earth ?
Admitting, for the sake of argument that your theory is
correct—that the Marie Celeste, the Santa lues, any ships
or other objects, were lifted, whisked into space by such
a phenomenon, why should they or any portion of them
return to earth ? Why, Sir Esme, that would defeat your
own arguments. Tf such were the case, why is it that
none of the persons who have vanished—the crew of
the Marie Celeste, for instance, have ever been found ?”

  “Plenty of reasons and logical ones,” he declared posi-
tively. “An object—even a ship, drawn or forced or
whatever you may call it, into tlie air by one of these.
Esmeismic vortices if, in the center of tlie area, would no
doubt be lifted so far that it never returned, or it might
be completely disintegrated by its inconceivably rapid ro-
tation; whereas, if the objects were near the outer edges
of the vortex, so to say, or if the vortex were weak or, as
very probably occurs, the area of Esmeism is merely tem-
porary and of brief duration, Lhen, in cither case, the
objects might be lifted for only a short distance and
might be dropped back to earth. T can perhaps make my
meaning clearer by calling your attention to the phe-
nomena of a whirlpool. Although many objects may be
drawn into its center and sucked down forever into its
vortex, other objects are constantly thrown out, and even
after being caught in the rotating currents, escape and
drift safely away. Such-”

  “But even if the objects that had been lifted did drop
back they would be shattered by the impact with the
earth or sea,” I exclaimed, cutting off his words.

  He smiled and shook his head. “On the contrary, ob-
jects levitated by the Esmeismic vacuum do not drop
back with any force,'’ he informed me. “You may not
have noticed it, but if you had given the matter atten-
tion you would have observed that the iron blocks, the
bits of lead that I caused to rise in the air fell back
gently with 110 appreciable impact upon the table below
them. That is a most remarkable feature of the action
of the force.

  “It appears to me that the area of Esmeism cannot be
suddenly replaced by the normal force but regains its
normal state rather slowly, thus allowing suspended or
levitated objects to sink back almost as if they were be-
ing lowered by mechanical means.”

  I had not noticed this feature of the experiments he
had made for my benefit, but now that he called it to my
mind I remembered it was so. The lifted cubes of metal
had struck the ceiling with quite an appreciable and
forceful impact, but they had dropped back to the table
with no noise, and as I recalled it, as lightly as though
they had been bits of cotton. In that case why shouldn’t
a human being be projected upward and dropped back as
gently as though attached to a parachute and uninjured?
But to be carried a thousand miles before being dropped!
That was too much. But Sir Esme was again speaking.

  “What’s so remarkable about it?” he demanded, as if
reading my thoughts. "There are plenty of authentic in-
stances of men, of animals, even of young children being
whirled into the air by cyclones or tornadoes, carried a
mile or more and dropped unharmed. And if my con-
clusions are correct—and I am sure they are—cyclones,
tornadoes, waterspouts are all merely the manifestations
of these same Esmeismic vacuums. And if you or any-
one else can suggest a more credible or a more reasonable

hypothesis to account for the disappearance of the Marie
Celeste's passengers and crcw, I should like to hear it.
It isn’t as if her case were the only one. Tlie same thing
has occurred repeatedly, and when a mysterious, inex-
plicable tiling of that sort is repeated, we may feel sure
it is the result of some natural, if unknown law of na-
ture. Can-”

  “You mean to say there have been cases similar to that
of the Marie Celestef” I interrupted. “I always thought
hers a unique mystery.”

  “Not a bit of it,” he declared. “Why only recently—
less than two years ago—the crew of the Kobenhavn
vanished in the same baffling manner. Didn’t you ever
hear of it ?”

  “I believe I read that such a vessel—she was a train-
ing ship for the Danish navy, was she not?—was lost
with all hands.”

  “Exactly,” he said. "And in that fespect only did her
case vary from that of tlie more famous Marie Celeste.
The latter ship was picked up and towed into port
whereas the Kobenhavn disappeared—foundered or went
ashore—and was lost. But-”

  "There doesn't appear to be anything mysterious in
that,” I observed. “I-”

  “Not so fast 1” he warned me. “The ship, as I say,
was lost—but, long before she was lost she was seen,
sailing, unharmed, without a soul oil board.”

  “You mean—” I began, but he checked me with a
gesture.

  “On January tlie twenty-first, 1929, the Kobenhavn
passed the island of Tristan da Cunha under single jib,
foresail and lower topsails. She passed the island within
a quarter of a mile from the shore. She was seen and
watched by the islanders, several of whom possessed ex-
cellent glasses, and to their utter amazement not a liv-
ing soul could be seen aboard and no man was at the
ship’s helm! She came very near striking a reef but was
carried aside by a veering of the wind and the current
and vanished in the mist. But all agreed that she was
uninjured, her sails, as far as seen, were whole, her
furled canvas was in perfect shape, her boats and deck
liltings were in place, although she was slightly down
by the stern. From that day to the present, no sign of
tlie great ship nor of her crew of fifty naval cadets has
ever been found. She left Montevideo 011 December
14th. On December 1st she radioed that all was well, and
on January 21st, she was an abandoned but seaworthy
vessel with sails and all intact. Had she been picked
up she would have proved an even greater mystery than
the Marie Celeste, but beyond doubt she went down soon
after passing Tristan. An unmanned ship has little
chance of surviving long. And there is another ease I
might mention—that of the steamship Eltham that sailed
from Swansea in November, 1928.

  “Ah! there was a case that in some respects resembles
that of the Santa Ines and Harvey. A week before the
Eltliam sailed from Swansea, laden with coals, she was
found ashore at Chapel Porth in Cornwall. Ashore
within 200 yards of the beach. Not an unusual thing,
you will say; but—there was not a soul on board; her
boilers were cold; there were no papers, no log, noth-
ing movable left in the cabins or on deck and there was
not a ton of coal in her hold! Yet, aside from a hole
knocked in her bottom by the rocks where she came
ashore, she was uninjured and her boats were intact.
Rut—here is the most amazing feature of all—the fea-
212

AMAZING

STORIES

lure that I feel proves my conclusions. More than
twenty vessels were anchored in the harbor during the
night that preceded the discovery of the Eltham, yet not
one had seen the ship enter or go ashore! I-”

  “You mean you actually believe she had been carried
up by one of those vortices and had been dropped on the
Cornish coast?” I cried.

  “Absolutely!” he replied. “Otherwise how can you
account for a staunch six hundred ton Welsh collier,
bound from Swansea to Rouen, dropping unseen into a
cove on the coast of Cornwall? And liow can you ex-
plain the absence of her crew, of every movable object
aboard, even of her cargo? I am positive, certain as I
atn of anything, that the Eltham was hurled into space
by coming in contact with an area of Esmeism. that she
was carried for miles, to be dropped eventually on the
Cornish Coast and that during her amazing journey her
cargo dropped out or ralher was carried away by the
same phenomenon that lifted her from the sea.”

ILEA NED back utterly unable to voice my astonish-
ment, hardly able to think sanely and connectedly.
The facts faced us and, a! Sir Esme had said, no cred-
ible hypothesis other than his seemed to fit the cases he
had mentioned. And yet his theory was as incredible as
the mysteries it purported to solve. For a few mo-
ments he busied himself with the map. Then he turned
again to me.

  “Those are merely examples,” he observed. “I might
also mention the unexplained disappearance of the Cy-
clops—the naval freighter of your country, that, laden
with manganese from Brazil, vanished completely when
off Earbadoes. And if we search through the maritime
records, we will find hundreds, thousands of cases of ves-
sels reported as missing, of which no trace ever has been
found, and yet vessels that were staunch, sound anil were
not in the vicinity of storms when they disappeared.
They-”

  “Collisions might account for them or-”

  “In which case the vessel in collision would have re-
ported the accident,” he reminded me. “And,” he con-
tinued, "although I am very familiar with ships and ship-
ping and maritime casualties, I do not recall a single in-
stance where two vessels disappeared coiucidently in the
same vicinity, as would have been the case had there been
a colllision that scut both to the bottom. No, my friend,
my theory, or rather my discovery is the only plausible
explanation. And leaving ships aside for the time be-
ing. How else can you explain such mysterious dis-
appearances as that of Dorothy Arnold, our country-
woman, who vanished in broad daylight in New York
Cily, leaving no trace? There are. scores of similar
cases. I kuew personally of one gentleman who van-
ished as completely and even more mysteriously in the
West Indies, and who—now you may not believe this
but I can readily verify my statements—was seen and
spoken to' by a policeman at a spot more than twenty
miles from where he disappeared, within ten minutes
after he vanished! And exactly as in Harvey’s case, he
seemed numbed in mind, dazed, completely out of his
head. Unfortunately he disappeared the second time—
though that was easily explicable, for he was seen at die
verge of a treacherous lake and in his mentally chaotic
condition no doubt was accidentally drowned. More-
over, on at least two occasions, I know from trustworthy
observers, that people who vanished—actually one might

say before their comrades’ eyes—disappeared in whirl-
wind-like columns of sand and dust; exactly what might
be expected as a result of one of the Esmeismic vortices.”
“Good Lord!" i exclaimed. “Come to think of it one
of my relatives vanished in much the same way. It was
in Maine. He had left the house one winter’s night to
get a bucket of water from the well. No one ever saw
him again. His footsteps led half way to the well and
ended there. There was a fresh fall of snow on the
ground and—now I recall die details as narrated by my
father who was there at the time—there was a peculiar
round depression in the snow just where the footprints

ceased. If-”

  “By Jove, a perfect case!” cried Sir Esme as trium-
phantly as though he had made a fresh discovery.
“And,” he added exultantly, “that helps me a great deal.
It carrics my sphere of occurrences a bit farther north

than I had been able to trace it. I-”

  “Your what?” I queried, unable to understand what
he meant.

  “Just what I said,” he replied. ‘‘See here—” indicat-
ing the chart on die desk—“I have been marking down
the locations of every occurrence that I have been able hi
attribute to the Esmeismic vortices. I have two as far
north as New York, one in northern Ireland and now
this one of yours in Maine. But as you will see, they are
far more numerous in the tropical and semi-tropical areas
than either north or south. That fact, I am sure, is most
important.”

  I had been studying die chart as he spoke and noticed,
as he said, that the marks—each of which was numbered
—were far more numerous in the tropics than elsewhere,
and that there were more marks on sea than on land.

  “Evidently, if you are right in your belief, the phe-
nomena take place more frequently on the ocean than
elsewhere,” I remarked.

  “Ilmm, so I assume,” he said, “but in that I may be
mistaken. Very possibly it is because we hear of practi-
cally every ship that vanishes, whereas we hear of only
a portion of the human beings who disappear. More-
over, I have not . marked all the tornadoes, cyclones,
waterspouts, whirlwinds, and similar occurrences that
are everyday happenings in many parts of the world,
but I have indicated the areas in which they occur in
greatest numbers and with the greatest frequency, and
I have plotted their tracks as you see.”

  “Have you come to any conclusions regarding their
occurrence?” I asked. “Do they appear to follow any
definite laws or to recur repeatedly in or near the same
spot? It seems to me that there should be some means
of checking up and determining if they bear any rela-
tion to other phenomena such as sun-spots, air-curreats,
volcanic disturbances, the solstices or anything else.”

  “In a way I have,” he informed me. “I am not at all
sure that they do not remain constant or nearly constant
at certain points. And I am positive that there are cer-
tain areas where they are very common. Such an area,
I believe, lies about here,” Sir Esme placed his finger on
a shaded space hi the south Atlantic, “and another here.”
He indicated a similar spot in the North Atlantic.

  “Why do you assume that?” I asked. “I do not no-
tice any of your numbers in this north Atlantic area.”
Sir Esme turned to me and laid liis hand impressively
upon my arm. “That,” said he in low but earnest tones,
“is because no one knows! No living soul has ever
returned from there to tell what took place. It—”
THE NOR-GRAVITATIONAL VORTEX

213

  “Surely,” I exclaimed, “ships must pass there. It is
almost in the regular lanes oi transatlantic shipping.”

  “Ships, yes,” he admitted. “But I am not referring to
ships. I am speaking of airplanes. Have you never
wondered how or why so many airplanes, attempting to
cross the Atlantic, have vanished? Have you never won-
dered why no traces of them have been found, why oth-
ers—not better, not piloted by more capablc men—have
made the crossing safely? Here is the area where all
those machines have vanished. Why? Because, if I-am
not vastly mistaken, it is an area where Esmeismic vor-
tices abound—vortices whose presence does not affect
the surface of the sea—or at most, only slightly—
enough to produce waterspouts that abound in the area,
but poised as it were, above the ocean—vast, terrible, in-
visible traps of certain death and destruction to all air-
planes and aviators, who rush blindly, unwittingly into
them.”

  “Pardon me i£ I seem to be a doubling Thomas,” I
said, “but honestly, is it necessary to account for missing
airplanes by such a theory? Tsn’t it as reasonable to
suppose that storms, fog. failing motors, structural faults
or even air holes or similar causes accounted for the
missing fliers?

  “Airplanes come to grief over the land, and if the same
accidents occurred at sea they would he among the
missing.”

  I could see that the subject was most painful to my
(friend, yet he controlled his feelings and spoke calmly.

  “Do you know what percentage of aviation accidents
and fatalities have never been explained?” he asked.
“Why does a plane, in perfect condition, piloted by a
skilled and competent man, flying in perfectly clear good
weather, over a route it has traversed scores of tunes,
suddenly crash without any apparent reason? Why does
a trans-channel machine, that has made the crossing
regularly and safely for months, suddenly turn, flutter
like a wounded bird and fall? And what are these 'air
holes’ you mention ? What are the so-called ‘dead spots’
in the air? There is one answer to all these questions:
areas of Esmeism. And though you may not be aware
of the fact, airplanes have vanished as completely over
land as over sea. The only reason there are more mys-
terious disappearances at sea than ashore is because the
oceans cover a greater area of the earth’s surface than
the land covers and because, as far as I can judge by this
map and available data, the phenomena occur more fre-
quently over water than over land.”

  “Can you suggest any reason for that?” I inquired,
changing the subject of discussion.

  “Possibly due to mountains, to forests, to many causes
that exist 011 land and not on sea,” he replied. “I am
convinced that the vortices move about—travel from
place to place—oftentimes with great speed, and in that
case they may be interrupted, broken as it were, by
mountain ranges. We know that tornadoes, cyclones,
watcr-spouts, are thus broken and I am sure they are
merely manifestations of the same phenomena. But—”
he rose and almost glared at me—” I intend to learn the
absolute truth of all these matters. I intend to put my
theories, as you call them, to a crucial test, and if you
wish you may have a part in my investigations. Within
the week I sail on the Loch Lovern to cruise about these
areas I have indicated, to learn, if it is possible to learn,
if there are such -areas. Would you care to accompany
me?”

CHAPTER VI

In Search of Vortices

FOR some reason—to this day I cannot explain ex-
actly why—Sir Esme’s announcement struck me
as extremely ludicrous. It brought-to my mind a
fleeting vision of Don Quixote tilting with the windmills,
and I burst out laughing. Bui at the half-injured, half-
angry expression upon his face I controlled myself and
lied glibly in explanation of my ill-timed hilarity.

  “Forgive me,” I exclaimed. “I was -not laughing at
your surprising announcements, but at the thought of
myself—something of an iconoclast regarding your theo-
ries—accompanying you. Of what earthly service would
I be?”

  “Sometimes,” he remarked thoughtfully, “an iconoclast
is far more useful than a true believer. As a matter of
fact, my friend, your ignorance—pardon me for using-
such a crass word—oi science and your common sense
objections and queries, have already been of Inestimable
service to me. You have enabled me to see things from
the layman’s viewpoint, to note the weak points in my de-
ductions, and you have repeatedly called my‘attention to
details, or to facts, that I might well have overlooked in
my intense interest in following along prescribed lines.
You have been in short, a check or brake as it were.
And you have been a most delightful 'skeptic as I might
say, in our discussions. I shall be immensely pleased to
have you with me on the cruise and while I may fail
utterly in my efforts to locate and study the Esmeismic
vortices—I can promise you a pleasant trip, possible ex-
citement and, if all goes well, a unique experience and—
danger.”

  “If all goes well!” I cried. “If all goes well, as you
call it, we may share the fate of the crew of the Marie
Celeste and the Kobenkavn, I suppose you mean 1”

  Sir Esme grinned. “Quite possibly,” he admitted,
“although I scarcely expect so. I am not going to beard
the vortices in their dens, so to speak, without being duly
prepared. Of what value to me, to the world, would my
observations prove, if I vanish? No, I am providing
for every contingency I can foresee—though when deal-
ing with unknown or almost unknown forces it is difficult
to foresee all contingencies that may arise—and I be-
lieve, I have confidence, that we will noi meet with dis-
aster. But-”

  “But if we do,” I supplied, “‘it will all be in the name
of science, eh? Well, I for one have no desire to be a

martyr to that cause i-”

  “Then you will not accept my invitation?” he queried,
and I could see he was disappointed.

  “On the contrary, I shall," I assured him. “Frankly,
I haven’t yet been convinced oi the truth of your the-
ories or deductions. Mind, T do not for a moment ques-
tion your discovery of the force I so glibly named Esme-
ism. Neither do I deny that you have proved much,
in fact almost all that you claim, by means of experi-
ments I have witnessed. But I do not admit that those
tests or your discovery prove that similar phenomena
occur in nature nor that the mysteries of disappearing
human beings—nor of missing airships—can be attrib-
uted to such phenomena. Hence I haven’t the least fear
of being drawn or thrown or sucked, or whatever you
may call it, into space. But I shall enjoy a deep water
cruise. I shall enjoy your yacht, your excellent food.
214

AMAZING STORIES

your unparalleled wines and liquors, your cigars and—
most of all—your companionship. And if you should
trail down one of your damnable old vortices, I shall
be delighted to make its acquaintance, although I have
no desire to emulate old Elijah, nor to duplicate Harvey’s
experience.”

  "Topping 1” ejaculated Sir Esme. “I was perfectly
positive you would go along. In fact I do not believe
a word that you say in respect to your disbelief in my
theory. You are just as firmly convinced of the truth
as I am. And speaking of Elijah; he, too, I am sure,
was the victim of one of the vortices. And if I am not
mistaken, he is the only man who actually was seen to
vanish by such means.”

  “Hmm,” I observed, “I think you are wrong about
that. Wasn’t there an Aztec legend to the effect that
Quetzalcoatl, the plumed-serpent, was borne heaven-
ward by a whirlwind?”

  "By Jove, you’re right!” he cried. “I must put that
down on my chart. That adds another area where the
vortices have occurred.”

  “If you keep on, and credit every old legend and myth
and allegory, you’ll find they occur everywhere,” I told
him. “In which case, why go to sea chasing the con-
founded things? -Why not wait here in London until
one comes along? And by the way, has one ever per-
formed any of its stunts in or about London?”

  “Not as far as I can learn; at least not within, well—
two hundred years,” he replied. “Nor has any happen-
ing that can be attributed to the vortices ever been re-
ported from the black country of the Midlands or from
any colliery district. I believe—in fact I am fairly cer-
tain—that smoke and fog are the greatest preventives
of the vortices. In fact I depend for our safety—in
case I locate a vortex—upon smoke-screens. Of course,
it is, in a way. negative evidence, but I feel that is one
reason why the preponderance of occurrences that I at-
tribute to the phenomena have taken place in portions of
the world where fog and smoke are non-existent or

nearly so. I-”

  “If you could only catch one of them and train it to
hover over London at just the right distance above the
city, you would be conferring a real boon on your fellow
men,” I told him. “I should imagine that it might prove
the most efficient of fog and smoke eliminators.”

  "On the contrary,” he informed me, “a London fog or
London smoke would eliminate the vortices.”

  “Gosh!” I ejaculated, as a sudden idea flashed across
my mind. "Isn’t it possible you’ve got the cart before
the horse? Isn’t it possible that the prevalence of fog
over London and other localities is due to the absence of
your vortices instead of vice versa? Nobody ever has
been able satisfactorily to explain why some places are
foggy and others not—at least not to my satisfaction.
Do you know, there are a lot of possibilities in your
theory, Sir Esme—if a man could only believe in it.”
"If there were not, I should not bother with it,” he
assured me dryly. “And the possibilities—I might even
say the probabilities—are far greater than you, or even
I, imagine. I am not at all sure that static, sun-spots,
a score, no, better—hundreds—of natural phenomena
are not all caused by, or at least do not have a direct
relation to Esmeism and Esmeismic vortices.”

  “Well, here’s hoping we’ll make their better acquaint-
ance,” I said, rising to go. “But like yourself, I shall
prepare for emergencies. If there is any truth in your

deductions, it appears to me that your inverted cones of
non-existent gravitation are about as dangerous to
monkey with as the proverbial buzz-saw. I think I shall
see my solicitor in the morning and have liim draw up
my last will and testament. But”—with a laugh—“i’m
afraid it would be a difficult matter for him to prove
my demise if I vanish. And wouldn’t the old bird have
a jolt if 1 should come sailing down past his window and
drop into Lincoln's Inn Fields some fine morning!”

  "The chances are that if you did you would not know
where you were or who you were,” he said. “You'd
probably be in much the same mental state as poor Har-
vey, for I believe the action of the Esmeismic vacuum
has a serious and inexplicable effect upon the human
mind.”

  “That’s comforting,” I retorted. “But it might be in-
teresting—and even convenient—to forget the past and
start life as a new individual.”

  Sir Esme shook his head in despair. “I'm afraid you
never will take the matter seriously,” he lamented. “But
before we are done you may find it serious enough. Good
njght, my friend. I hope to leave Portsmouth next
Wednesday. But I shall see you again before then.”

1SAW Sir Esme several times during the week that
followed. And having, as he had surmised, been
more than half convinced of the truth of his remarkable
theory, I abandoned my flippant, scoffing attitude and
became intensely interested in his work, and especially
in his preparations for locating possible, vortices and hi
safeguarding his vessel and ourselves from their action.
Very largely he depended upon two things for safety.
One was the insulating material that he had invented,
or I might say had discovered, and which, as he had
told me, was an essential part of his appliance for creat-
ing artificial or synthetic areas free of the Esmeism.
The second was smoke, to be produced instantaneously
and in immense volume by devices he was having man-
ufactured according to his own design.

  As he took pains—and patience—to explain to me, he
was not absolutely certain that either device would prove
a safeguard. He was dealing with a new force, with
unknown conditions, and very largely everything was
theory and guesswork. But he had made exhaustive tests
with smoke and had proved beyond question that his
appliance was incapable of creating the so-called gravita-
tional vacuum or of lifting objects when the area above
was filled with even a small amount of smoke. As he
explained it, the smoke—composed of course of impal-
pable motes of carbon—acted as a sort of coherer or
binder to retain the Esmeism, although he frankly ad-
mitted this explanation was mere theory. The insulator,
on the other hand, served as a sort of condenser or
shield.

  It was a most difficult matter for a layman to under-
stand, for he was dealing with the absence of a force
instead of its presence, and while I could conceive of a
ray, a wave, almost anything being reflected from an
object or absorbed by it, my mind could not adapt itself
to the absence of a force, a vacuum as it were, being re-
flected, absorbed or acted upon in any way. The trouble
was that my mind—although T knew better—would in-
sist upon retaining the impression that the areas where
Esmeism was non-existent were areas of actual vacu-
um—nothingness—whereas, as a matter of fact, they
were identical with the rest of the atmosphere, except
THE NON-GRAYITATIONAL YORTEX

215

that within them there was no gravitational pull (I must
thus express it, although it was no pull but rather a push,
according to Sir Esme) and they might be compared to
shadowy areas where there were no light waves or areas
of atmosphere where electro-magnetic waves were ab-
sent. But revolutionary matters that upset all precon-
ceived ideas are always difficult for the ordinary non-
scientific mind to grasp, especially when our senses—
sight or hearing—cannot be brought into play. But as
Sir Esme very pointedly and succinctly put it: it didn’t
make any difference whether or not I understood the
matter as long as he did.

  Also, he had collected—from what sources or how, the
Lord alone knows—dozens, hundreds of authentic rec-
ords of inexplicable disappearances, happenings and acci-
dents which he attributed to his discovery. lie had se-
cured data of every cyclone, tornado and water-spout
that had been recorded by die mctcorological bureaus of
the United States and foreign governments, innumerable
excerpts from ships’ logs, and he had delved into tradi-
tion and history, searching out accounts of similar phe-
nomena.

  All these he had correlated, tabulated and arranged,
and had indicated them upon his chart until it was cov-
ered with dots and numbers. He was as delighted as
a child with a new toy to find that his theories were being
borne out by all this; that they were, so he assured me,
portions of the sea and of the land where his areas of
Esmeism were so numerous and of such frequent occur-
rence as to be almost constant, whereas in other sections
they were practically non-existent, and he had worked
out, and plotted by curves that made his map resemble
a weather chart, dicir movements, for he was now posi-
tive that he was correct in his assumption that the areas
did move. Not only that; he had, being intensely inter-
ested in astronomy, worked out a theory that the areas
had a direct relation to planetary conditions, and he abso-
lutely astounded me when, a day or two before we were
to sail, he declared, apparently in all seriousness, that in
his opinion the phenomena were not natural but were
produced by the inhabitants of another planet.

  ‘‘Why not?” he demanded when I derided this idea.
"What do we know of the other planets or their inhab-
itants? It is absolute piffle to assume that any of them
are not habitable. Why, damn it, tlie moon might be
inhabited for all we know, or Venus or Mercury or
Saturn—even die sun.”

   “Come, come,” I cried, ‘'that’s going too far, Sir Esme.
How could a mass of flaming gas, or a dead planet with
110 atmosphere, or a frozen sphere, be inhabited ? Such
ideas are. merely phantasmal.”

  He snorted. “Why?” he again demanded. “I’ll tell
you why you and others assume such a stand: merely
because you are judging or rather imagining all intelli-
gence, all life, by the life on earth and by the intelligence
of man.

  “What is intelligence? Nobody can answer; but as it
is not an organic nor a concrete tiling, how can it bo
affected by heat, cold, atmosphere? In the case of man
it is, I grant. Why? Because man’s intelligence ends
with his life, can manifest itself only by means of a
chemical organic thing we call a body. But does that
prove that equal or far greater intelligence might not
exist without anything we would recognize as a body?
Because we humans—in our terrestrial life—require cer-
tain conditions, certain chemicals and elements—certain

temperatures in order to exist, we jump to the conclusion
that the same rules and laws hold throughout the uni-
verse.

  “For all we know an intelligent inhabitant of the moon
might feel the same way about us. He might argue that
because he and his fellows needed no atmosphere as wc
know it, needed what to us would be inconceivable cold,
intelligent life was impossible on our planet because of
its envelope of atmosphere, which would smother such
life with its comparatively terrific heat. Why, confound
it all, man, an inhabitant of Mercury, or even of the sun,
might argue that our old earth is dead and cold, com-
pared to his abode, as the moon appears dead and cold to
us. Or, vice versa, beings—intelligences—upon one of
the cold planets might regard the earth as an uninhabit-
able glowing mass in comparison with the conditions he
would require for existence. You smile! .Very well.
Let me tell you some actual facts.

  “An^ ordinary fly—any ordinary insect, even microbes
or germs, as well as plant life—die instantly if immersed
in boiling water. Can we leap to the conclusion that no
life, plant or animal, can exist in boiling water? Not a
bit of it. In the West Indies, in various parts of our
world, there are insect larva:, as well as plants, that not
only exist in but actually require boiling water. I myself
have seen bubbling, boiling, steaming, sulphur-impreg-
nated pools and geysers fairly swarming with insect
larva and filled with water plants. To them, water of
normal temperature would be as cold as ice water or
solid ice to everyday forms of aquatic life. Take the
other extreme. We have insects—a dozen species at least
—as well as plants, that exist, thrive in snow, and that
shrivel and die if exposed to temperatures above freez-
ing. And if one form of life can dwell in boiling water,
and another requires freezing temperatures right here on
earth, what right have we to assume that nature—the
Creator—did not people the planets with forms of in-
telligent life adapted to the conditions there? I-”

UT you forget that here on earth we have atmos-
phere—oxygen, nitrogen, water—regardless of
the temperature, whereas-”

  “Whereas,” he burst in, “on the moon there is no air,
no water. Piffle! Because wc—because earthly forms
of life—need certain combinations of certain elements,
yon argue that there can be no life, no intelligence with-
out them. Just as well argue that because man, horses—
any land animals—must have air, tiiere cannot be life
in the sea, or because fish die when taken from the
water, no life can exist on land. No, no, my friend,
the trouble is man is such a damnably self-centered, ego-
tistical, self-sufficient creature that lie cannot—save in
rare instances—conceive of anything, no, not of any con-
dition, that is totally foreign, in complete opposition to
his own surroundings and cxistencey. Why, man alive,
he—you—no man can visualize or imagine an intelligent
being totally, absolutely unlike anything we ever have
seen. Take stories of interplanetary travel for example,
did you ever read such a story? Did you ever see a pic-
ture illustrating such a story—wherein the author—even
Wells or Verne—described or pictured the inhabitants
of another planet as wholly unlike, anything on earth?
Of course not. Always there is something familiar about
them. They are semi-human or semi-mechanical or
semi-bestial, or a combination of all, but never an entire-
ly new and distinct creation. It is impossible that they
216

AMAZING STORIES

should be. So I maintain that all the planets—even the
stars—are inhabited, and I still adhere to my belief that
these areas of Esmeism are produced by the intelligences
on some uliter planet.”

  “For what purpose?” I asked, unable and unwilling
to prolong the argument. “Do you mean you believe
they are produced in order to injure us here?”

  “How should I know?” he ejaculated. “Very pos-
sibly. But on the other hand, they may merely -be the
result of accident—the result of activities on the other
planet. Very possibly the force—Esmeism—is of vital
importance to the inhabitants up there. Very possibly
they have been using it for inconceivable periods—draw-
ing it, extracting it from the space or from the other
planets, just as we humans extract nitrates from the
air.”

  “Something like boring for oil,” I suggested.

  Sir Esme nodded. “A rather far-fetched simile and
yet excellent,” he said.

  I laughed at a rather quaint conceit that occurred to
me. “Your theoretical Martians or Venetians or Mer-
curians, or whoever they are, must have been everlast-
ingly surprised if one of their gushers brought up human
beings or ships or planes,” I hazarded.

  "Do you know,” he said, speaking quite seriously,
‘.'I've had that same idea in my mind—though not exactly
as it occurred to you. I have been wondering if it is not
possible that that is exactly what has occurred. But
not by chance. If the beings who are responsible for
these phenomena did not produce them with the purpose
of securing specimens froin our planet—er, well—some-
thing after the manner in which we dredge strange speci-
mens from the depths of the sea.”

  "Surely,” I cried, “you are joking. Even if it were
possible for an object from the earth to be hurled, no,
lifted, to the nearest planet, it would require years, ages,
for it to travel such a distance.”

  “You forget,” he reminded me, “that time is non-
existent in space. Today here may be a thousand—ten
thousand—years 111 the past or the future on another
planet. For that matter, if you were to be hurled
through space on an interplanetary trip, you could not
possibly tell whether your journey lasted ten minutes or
ten centuries, if it were not that your body, your organs,
accustomed to food and sleep at definite intervals, would
warn you of the passage of what we call time.”

  I threw up my hands in despair. “It's all quite beyond
me,” I declared. .“I can never grasp these relativity and
fourth dimensional ideas. Let's get back to earth. What,
in every-day language, do you hope to accomplish by
your cruise? What is your purpose? Even if you find
the darned things, what are you going to do about them?”

  “My purposes are manifold,” he replied. “First-”

tapping them off with his fingers, “I hope to prove be-
yond discussion that the areas of Esmeism, or non-
existent gravitation, actually exist. Second : I hope to
learn something of the laws that govern them; whether
they are, as 1 assume, confined to certain localities;
whether they are-permanent or transient; whether they
move about on defined -courses or whether they merely
occur ill sequences along such routes. Third: I wish, if
possible, to determine—at least to my own satisfaction—
whether they are natural or are artificially produced.
Fourth; If they are responsible for all the mysterious
occurrences attributed to them. And finally—if I suc-
ceed in my other aims—I hope to be able to evolve some

means by which they may be avoided, nullified or offset.
I may be wholly unsuccessful, of course. I may not be
fortunate enough to locate one of the areas.”

  “Or unfortunate enough,” I suggested. “But aren't
you undertaking a trifle too much to endeavor to check-
mate such phenomena?”

  “Possibly,” he admitted. “But by study and observa-
tion man has learned to minimize the dangers of earth-
quakes and hurricanes, even though he has not been able
to prevent them. If I could learn the laws, the actual
facts regarding these areas, why mightn’t it be possible
to prophesy where and when they are likely to occur
and thus enable others to avoid them?”

  “That,” said I, “sounds like the most sensible and
comprehensible idea you have propounded. Admitting
the existence, of the areas—and I must confess 1 am
beginning to believe in them, even if I can't quite swallow
the idea of their being produced with malice afore-
thought by beings on another sphere—the common sense
thing would be to learn all that is possible regarding
them. Do you know I’m beginning to—well, almost to
hope we do run across one of the devilish tilings.”

CHAPTER VII

Caught in a Vortex

WHEN I boarded the Loch Lover-n for that mem-
orable voyage that was destined to end in such an
amazing and incredible manner, I found that the
yacht had been completely transformed. She had been
a most luxuriously appointed craft, a floating palace al-
most, provided with every device and accessory for
amusement, comfort and whiling away idle hours and
days.' But now I found her—although outwardly no
different than before—stripped of all superfluous fittings,
a floating laboratory in fact, and equipped with scientific
instruments utterly bewildering to me and that must have
cost Sir Esme a fortune. Sir Esme was not one to do
anything by halves. Once he had merged his personality
and his life with that of the fictitious Alexander Mac-
donald, nothing, it appeared, mattered, aside from this
one obsession to learn all it was humanly possible to
leam in regard to liis suppositious areas of Esmeism.
I say suppositious, for while I had become a convert
to the theory in a way, and regarded the existence of
Esmeism as proven beyond question, still I did not feel
that there was as yet any proof of the actual existence
of the areas Sir Esme was about to hunt for.

  And I am free to confess that, had I been convinced
of their existence—or had I dreamed there was the re-
motest chance of our locating them—I most assuredly
would not have accompanied Sir Esme on his remarkable
and—as I considered it at the time—Quixotic cruise.
Not that T consider myself less courageous than the aver-
age man, and certainly not because 1 overvalue my life
or go out of my way to avoid risks. On the comrary I
have always been something of a fatalist, and in my
years spent in wild and savage places risks had been as
much a part of the day’s work as meals or sleep. But it
requires something more than mere physical courage to
face some unknown, mysterious, almost uncanny and
supernatural danger, and few men, I believe—and I know
personally I would not—would knowingly rub elbows
with a tornado or a water-spout merely in order to study
its habits or idiosyncrasies. And if Sir F.sme’s non-
THE NON-GR A VITATIONAL VORTEX

217

gravitational areas existed, they were a thousand times
more dangerous, more uncertain and yes, more uncanny,
than any tornado or water-spout that ever existed.

  Sir Esme, however, although absolutely convinced ol
their actuality, possessed the true scientist’s sublime
courage when it came to delving into the mysteries of
the unknown. And his one consuming desire was to
locate one or more of the areas.

  Oddly enough, too, he had no assistants—if I except
Ilarvey—although knowing him and knowing the ego-
tism of all great scientists, it was not so strange after all.
Frankly—and I have had 110 inconsiderable experience
with them—I have yet to meet the true scientist who is
not inordinately jealous, suspicious and fearful of some
one appropriating, his ideas or discoveries. They guard
their work and their experiments as if they were the most
priceless and coveted riches, and yet, in the end, give
them to the public without recompense. And in Sir
Esme’s case there was another reason. Like many men
he was extremely sensitive to ridicule. He would take
my humorous observations, my flippant treatment of his
theories and reasonings in good part because he regarded
me as more or less of a fool; because I made no claim
to being a scientist. And yet, at times, I quite inno-
cently and unconsciously wounded his feeling by my atti-
tude. And I am quite certain that had he been ridiculed
or scoffed at by a real scientist, it would have been more
than he could have endured. Moreover, he had Harvey,
and Harvey was more than an assistant, more a co-
worker, I might say, quite efficient scientific to his finger-
tips, ever suggesting and aiding.

   For the first few days after we left port the two were
busy arranging and adjusting their instruments and
equipments, testing them, unpacking cases and getting
everything in readiness for use, while I—being passion-
ately fond of the sea-—enjoyed the ship and trip as I had
promised Sir Esme I would; enjoyed his cigars and his
liquors and enjoyed the excellent means, for Sir Esme’s
mania for science did not extend so far as to interfere
with his fondness for good living. Though the yacht
had been stripped of non-essential luxuries in fittings,
no changes had been made in the steward's department.

   To be sure, I offered to aid him and Ilarvey with the
scientific stuff, but my offer was politely declined. So,
having nothing better to do, I passed the time, as the
Loch Lovern sailed steadily towards the Canaries, in
keeping a journal of the voyage and in writing—while it
was still fresh in my mind—a brief account of the inci-
dents and events that had transpired—a work which has
formed the foundation for the present narrative.

  Until we sighted Teneriffe the cruise was without
any particular interest—nothing unusual occurred and,
somewhat to my surprise, Sir Esme did not as far as I
know make any attempts to locate the areas for which
he was in search. But on the seventh day out he had the
yacht stopped and throughout the day he buried himself
amid his instruments. I saw little of him except at meal
times, when he informed me that we were on or near
the verge of one of die localities where the phenomena:
might be expected. But to his obvious disappointment
and somewhat to my relief, nothing came of it and we
again began to cruise.

   It was 011 the tenth day that, seated on the after-deck
smoking and lazily watching the soaring man-o’-war
birds, the sky suddenly was blotted out by a dense cloud
of smoke that poured from a row of pipes that pro-

jected from the deck-houses. Almost instantly the vessel
was enveloped in almost total darkness and at the same
instant I felt a distinct shock, a shudder of the vessel,
as if she had struck some bit of floating wreckage, or
perhaps better, as if she had been proceeding under
power and her engines had suddenly been reversed.

  Instantly realization came to me. The smoke could
mean but one thing: that Sir Esme had detected the pres-
ence of one of his Esmeismic areas and was attempting
to safeguard the yacht and those upon her by means of
his smoke-screen. And as I realized this a strange
gripping fear came over me. I felt cold shivers chasing
up and down my spine and I sat tense, every nerve
strained and on edge, waiting I knew not what.

   It is difficult to describe my sensations, difficult
to put into cold print the feelings that raced through my
brain as I sat there in that semi-darkness upon the yacht's
deck with the heavy smoke-pall blotting out sea, sky, even
the masts above me; in a silence that seemed uncanny,
and knowing that close at hand, perhaps hovering over
my head, was the strange, mysterious, incredible vortex
that might at any instant sweep the ship with all 011
board into space. I felt like one who, having scoffed at
ghosts, is suddenly confronted by one. It was more
than fear, more than ordinary terror of something tan-
gible. I had not believed in the things; I had not ad-
mitted—even to myself—that they actually existed, and
I had not for a moment expected Sir Esme to succeed in
his quest. And now, though it outraged common sense,
though my mind could not fully grasp the actuality, the
impossible had occurred and we were in the presence of
the mysterious, invisible phenomenon. I felt, I knew, tliat
everything depended upon the smoke-screen and yet I
could not feel sure that it could be relied upon. It was
all guesswork, all experiment, and I mentally cursed my-
self for being such a fool to have taken part in such a
hare-brained, mad undertaking.

ALL this flashed through my consciousness in an in-
stant. The next moment I had leaped up and was
dashing headlong' through the twilight obscurity towards
Sir Esme’s laboratory. But I checked myself in time.
Even in my excitement I realized that to burst in upon
him, to interrupt him at his work might result in disaster.
Yet I was mad, filled with an overpowering desire to
learn the truth, to know what was taking place. How
long I stood there white-faced, trembling, striving to
force myself to be calm, I cannot say. It seemed hours,
yet it could not have been more than minutes. I was
brought to my senses by a burst of sunlight, by seeing
the pall of smoke vanish, and the next moment Sir Esme
appeared. Never had I seen him so excited, so keyed
up. Yet his face was radiant, his eyes fairly sparkled.
Triumph was in his voice as he spoke.

  “Congratulate me!” he cried. “I was right! The
areas exist! And the smoke counteracts them, destroys
them! Did-”

  “Thank God!” I exclaimcd fervently. “But-”

  “Everything worked out exactly as I had surmised, as
I had deduced,” he continued, heedless of my interrup-
tion. “Did you feel the shock—the lift of the ship?
It was marvelous! According to my instruments the en-
tire vessel was lifted—drawn up nearly two inches before
the smoke-screen became efficient. Think of it, my
friend! And yet is was a comparatively small area and
we were not at the exact apex. And”—with a note of
218

AMAZING STORIES

real regret in his tones—"it was completely dissipated
by the smoke. What a pity! How can I study the phe-
nomena if I am forced to avoid disaster by using smoke
and when, by using smoke, I destroy the phenomena ?”

  “Damned if I know!” T ejaculated. “But thank
Heaven tlie confounded thing zvas destroyed. It was
bad enough as it was. And if that was a weak area, may
tlie Lord keep us away from a strong one. And yet—
yet now it is over, I can’t really believe it. I-”

  “Relieve it or not, it’s a fact,” he assured me. “And
best of all It proves I was right about the localities where
the areas exist. Do you know we are in almost the
precise spot where T tentatively placed the Marie Celeste
at the time her company vanished ?”

  I gasped. The calm manner in which he made the an-
nouncement was simply amazing, and, unconsciously, T
cast anxious, half-terrified glances at tlie sparkling sea,
as if expecting to see some visible manifestations of the
phenomenon.

  “For heaven’s sake, let’s get away from here,” I cried.
“You've proved your case, you've learned how to coun-
teract the effects of the uncanny tilings. What more do
you want ?”

  He laughed. “I’ve only begun,” he declared. “I must
learn if this was mere chance, if there are others, if they
are constant, and I must investigate conditions in other
localities—in the. vicinity of rhe spot where the Koben-
havn was last reported, in that area where so many air-
planes have vanished. I-"

  “Look here,” I interrupted. “You’re taking a great
risk, Sir Esme. Suppose you ran-across one of the
things at night, or when you were not prepared to throw
off the smoke-screen. Why, before you could say ‘Boo!’
we would all be done for forever. Tt’s deucedly hard for
me to believe the things exist and yet I’m convinced
there's something out here, some uncanny, mysterious
business going on. And I admit I don’t like the idea of
monkeying with it. And how about your crew—what
do they think of this matter? Sailors are usually a
superstitious lot. Aren’t they scared?”

  “Why should they be?” he countered. “Captain Is-
bister lias perfect confidence in me, and I warned him
before starting that we might experience some rather
disturbing occurrences. But of course I have not at-
tempted to explain what they really are. He and the
crew imagine it all a matter of scientific experiments—
meteorological, in fact—and to their minds the slight
jar they felt was produced by me. Besides”—he
chuckled at the idea—“they have confidence in me. No
doubt they argue that I must value my life and safety,
and so there can be no danger. And anyway, they’re
all Scots and—1 can say it without undue egotism—old
retainers who regard their laird as little less than divine.
They’d follow me into Hell without a question.”

  There is 110 use in repeating all the conversation, all
the arguments I employed in my endeavor to induce Sir
Esme to abandon his, to my mind, mad and suicidal
intentions. He was obsessed with the idea, his first
experience—which I hoped and prayed was mere chance

and would never be repeated-had merely whetted his

desire for more, and when he finally lost his patience and
sarcastically offered to set me ashore if I feared to go
on, I retorted that if he imagined I possessed less courage
than he, Harvey or his Scotch seamen, he was vastly
mistaken, and if he was bound to commit suicide and
lose his ship or be whisked off into space by tempting

Fate and fooling with things he didn’t know anything
about, he'd find me making an ass of myself along with
him. Then, suddenly realizing that we’d both lost our
tempers and had acted childishly, we grinned, had a
drink, told each other we were damned fools, and, once
moie as friendly and agreeable as ever continued on the
cruise.

  Whether Sir Esme’s calculations and deductions were
at fault, whether the areas were 110-existent, whether by
chance we missed them, I cannot say, but days passed
and despite his constant application, his constant ob-
servations and tests, Sir Esme was unable to locate a
second Esmeismic disturbance. We cruised back and
forth, sailed in wide circles, drifted idly over a glassy sea.
passed and repassed the localities where, according to Sir
Esme’s deductions, the phenomena should be most nu-
merous, but there was 110 trace of them. It began to
look as if our first experience was to be the only one,
and I am sure that Sir Esme himself was becoming dis-
couraged and I could not blame him. He had made a
great, a monumental discovery; he had evolved an elab-
orate, an amazing hypothesis; lie had devoted years of
research and a fortune to his efforts, and now', after all
his preparations, his hopes and his optimistic expecta-
tions, he had found only one of the strange Esmeismic
areas and had been unable to study it or to learn any-
thing of value in regard to it. No, I should not say that,
for as I told him, I felt that he had learned the most
valuable and important fact of all, namely that the dread
things could be nullified, rendered perfectly harmless.
He smiled when I called his attention to this fact.

   “Quite true, to a certain extent,” he agreed, “but abso-
lutely valueless. You forget that, in order to make use of
the smoke-screen, one must know when and where the
phenomenon is about to occur. I, being constantly 011
watch and equipped with the most delicate of devices
for detecting its presence, was thus enabled to use the
smoke to advantage. But you will recall that, even so,
I came very near complete failure. What chance then
would a ship or an airplane have? By tlie time tlie area
was detected it would be too late to nullify it. No ship
has ever had time to send an SOS before being over-
whelmed, much less an opportunity of producing a screen
of smoke.”

  I had to admit he was right. As matters stood his
discovery did not amount to anything as a safeguard.

   Sir Esme possessed the proverbial British stick-to-it-
iveness and it began to look as if the cruise might con-
tinue forever and the Lock Lovcrn might become a sec-
ond Flying Dutchman. We were in the doldrums at
that time, and for day after day the ocean stretched as
smooth as a sheet of burnished silver under a cloudless
sky. It was beastly hot; time began to hang rather heav-
ily on my hands, and I had become firmly convinced—
in my own mind—that the supposed area of Esmeism
we had met had been nothing but an atmospheric dis-
turbance and that the things did not actually exist.

   I had, in fact, returned to my original point of view.
I thought what a superstitious fool I had been to have
been terrified by an imaginary danger that unquestion-
ably existed only in my friend's mind, and I was dead
sick and tired of the whole fruitless search. I tried fish-
ing. I dipped up buckets of the floating sargassum and
amused myself examining the strange crabs, fish and
other marine creatures that inhabited it, and I searched
the horizon until my eyes ached, hoping vainly for the
THE NON-GRAVITATIONAL VORTEX

219

glimpse of a distant sail or smudge of smoke to tell me
we were not the only ship afloat upon that vast, limitless
expanse of sea.

IT was while thus sweeping the horizon with my glasses
one morning that I descried a low dark object break-
ing the sea’s rim. For a moment I thought it a whale.
Then I dccided it was a floating log. Yet it did nor ap-
pear exactly like a water-logged tree and, my curiosity
aroused, I hurried aloft for a better view. Then as 1
focussed my glasses upon the tiling, I discovered it was a
derelict, the almost submerged hull of some wrecked ship.
Almost at the same instant the captain discovered it and
verified my observations. There is always something
tragic, something exciting about sighting a derelict and
soon all aboard the Loch Lovern, who were not otherwise
engaged, had gathered on deck, their eyes flxed upon
the distant wreck; Slowly wc moved towards it: each
minute it became nearer, clearer, and a couple of hours
after I had first caught sight of the tiling it was in plain
view: the hull of a wooden vessel, with the jagged
stumps of masts projecting above the decks that were
almost awash, with shattered, splintered bulwarks, and so
weather-beaten, so overgrown with seaweed that showed
each time the bulk rose or fell 10 the long, almost in-
visible swell, that it obviously had been floating about
for a long time.

  Something, some whim tempted me to visit fee wreck,
and Sir Esme ordered a boat lowered and manned, al-
though he declined to join me, declaring that if he de-
serted his instruments it would be just like his luck to
miss detecting the presence of one of his confounded
areas, “Well, if one comes along, shunt it off from the
derelict,” I laughed as I jumped into the waiting boat.
"You see, we haven’t any smoke-screen devices on her.”
As we pulled away I saw Sir Esme turn and enter the
laboratory where Harvey had remained on duty, and I
regretted having spoken so flippantly, for he looked a
bit hurt and I knew how mortified he felt at the failure
of his plans. But a moment later the boat was along-
side the hulk and with some difficulty, for everything
was covered with slime and I dared not trust to the dan-
gling remnants of rolled cordage, I managed to scramble
to the deck. There really was nothing much to see. The
decks, where not washed by the water, were white with
the droppings of sea birds. The deck houses were
crushed in as if by falling spars, and a glance within
the remains of the cabin revealed only black, ill-smelling
water. But the hatches were still in place and I sur-
mised that it must be the air within the hold that kept
the wreck afloat. Now that I was upon the derelict all
the lure of the unknown, all the fascination of the ocean
waif was lost, and I was on the point of calling to the
men to bring the. boat alongside when one of them called
out that a portion of the wreck’s name was still legible
upon the stern.

  “Can you make it out?” I asked, peering over the re-
mains of the after-rail. “We ought to report her if we
can find out what she is.”

  “Pretty well weathered, sir,” he answered, “and only
shows when she rolls a bit to sta'ho’d. Looks to me like
a foreign name, sir. Yes, sir, that’s what ’tis. Dago o’
some sort, sir. Rum sort o’ name I’d say, begins with

a S an’ ends with a S, if-”

  At that instant f felt a sudden rush of air. There
was a peculiar gurgling, moaning sound from behind me.

Startled, fearing that the wreck was about to sink be-
neath me, I' whirled, tense, ready to leap into the sea
and swim for my life. As I did so, there was a sharp,
terrified shout from the men: “Gawd, the Loch Lovern!’'

  But I had already seen. Never will I forget what my
horrified eyes saw. I seemed frozen, glued to the spot,
paralyzed. From beneath the yacht’s keel a great column
of water rose up. A foaming, whirling, roaring geyser.
And upon its summit-—rocking, pitching, spinning like a
teetotum was the Loch Lovern.

   It was so terrible, so unreal, sq uncanny, I could not
believe my senses. I seemed in a nightmare, a ghastly
dream. And it seemed all the more dreamlike, all the
more incredible and unreal because on every side the
sea stretched calm, unruffled by the faintest breeze, and
overhead the brilliant sun blazed down from a flawless
sky of blue.

   Up and up, faster and yet faster, rose the yacht, while
below her the water boiled and roared like an inverted
whirlpool. And then, between her keel and the. rnael-
storm below, my incredulous eyes saw vacant space. The
Loch Lovern was floating in air! She was poised, gyrat-
ing madly, fully fifty feet above the sea, and with a
numbing shock realization came to me. She was caught
in one of the Esmeismic vortices, she was being lifted,
projected into space!

   It had all happened in an instant—perhaps in the frac-
tion of a second—yet to me it seemed minutes, hours, as
I gazed, almost bereft of my senses, at the yacht being
lifted bodily into the air by that unseen terrible force.

  Then suddenly yacht, sky, that fearful ominous cone
of swirling sea, seemed blotted out. Where a moment
before they had been was a dense black cloud. Then to
our cars came the sounding of a rending crash. Waves
came rushing towards us from the writhing, rolling cloud
of black. The derelict rocked sluggishly, the boat
pilchcd and tossed, water hissed across the decks about
my feet. I gasped, caught my breath, seemed choking,
as I watched, still incapable of movement, striving to
penetrate that pall of blackness where the Loch Lovern
had vanished. Yet my mind was working, my brain was
functioning. I knew what had happened. Sir Esme had
released his smoke-screen. The gravitation had been re-
stored, the yacht had fallen back into the sea. But too
late. The yacht crashing back from such a height must
has been shattered, battered, and Sir Esme, Harvey and
the others must have been killed.

  Slowly the smoke thinned, drifting away. With a
hoarse shout I came to life, leaped into the boat, shouted,
swore at the men to bend to their oars. Frantically they
pulled for the wrecked and shattered yacht that was sink-
ing rapidly beneath the sea.

CHAPTER VIII
The Re-Establishment of Personalities

  AS we reached the scene of the terrible disaster and
the boat humped against fragments of wreckage,
-*• -*-the splintered topmasts of the Loch Lovern van-
ished and only the litter of floating wood, a shattered
boat, the deck fittings of the yacht and odds and ends of
flotsam remained as evidences of the tragic fate of Sir
Esme’s ship.

Standing in the stern of the boat I searched among
the wreckage for possible survivors, hoping against hope
220

AMAZING STORIES

that some one—Sir Esme, Harvey, members of the
yacht’s crew—might have escaped instant death. Within
a dozen yards of the boat a body floated, and the next
moment we were lifting the unconscious form of Ilarvey
into our boat. I thanked Heaven that he still lived, and
save for an ugly gash across one cheek and a bruise on
his forehead he seemed unhurt.

  A moment Jater we were beside another body. The
uniform identified it as Captain Isbister, but the face
and head were crushed beyond recognition. Two other
dead and mutilated bodies floated among tlie wreckage,
and then, half-hidden in die tangled debris, we found Sir
Esme. And as we lifted him gently I fervently thanked
God, for he was alive and, though unconscious, appeared
to have escaped unharmed. But we were in a desperate
plight. We were afloat in a small boat in mid-Atlantic,
burdened with two unconscious men, hundreds of miles
from the nearest land, far out of the track of ships,
and our only food and water were the meagre supplies
with which the small boats were always provided. Yet
I was so busy striving to restore Sir Esme and Harvey
to consciousness that I scarcely realized the situation
until the quartermaster in charge of the boat’s crew
spoke.

  “Beggin’ your pardon, sir,” he said, “we’re in a rum
fix, what with the bile o’ biscut an’ the keg o’ water
aboard, sir. Maybe, sir, if 1 may be so bold as to sug-
gest it, sir, we’d best have a look about an’ see can we
pick something from the wreckage, sir. And there’s
that other stove boat, sir. Maybe the biscuit an’ water
in her’s all right, sir.”

   “Yes, by all means,” I agreed, “but be quick about it.
We must get Sir Esme and Harvey to the derelict. It’s
our only refuge for the present.”

  Luck was with us. Not only did we find the biscuit
and water in tlie wrecked boat still intact, but among the
debris we picked up a cask half full of water, a case of
wine, a keg of ship’s beef and an unopened box of cheese.
There was no danger of dying of thirst or starvation
for some time, and even as we rowed towards the dere-
lict. I was forming vague plans for salvation.

  Even the waterlogged derelict seemed welcome and
safe, in comparison to the cockle-shell of a boat, and,
having transferred Sir Esme and Ilarvey to the cleanest
and driest portion of tlie deck we devoted all our efforts
to reviving them. Both men evidently had been stunned
and rendered unconscious before falling into the sea, a
most fortunate thing, for they had drawn but little water
into Iheir lungs. Rubbing them, slapping them, rolling
them on the decks, forcing the welcome and providential
wine down their throats, we worked at them. Harvey
was the first to regain consciousness. He opened his
eyes, took a deep breath, blinked and gazed about.
“What-—what’s happened?” he whispered. “Where am
I? Where’s Captain Mendoza? And who are you? I
don’t recognize you. How did you get here?”

  Then, before I could reply, before I could recover
from my astonishment at his failure to recognize me and
my dread that he had received a blow that had deranged
him, lie continued, “Of course! Now I remember. The
Santa Incs was wrecked, struck by some sort of a
cyclone. But I thought—I must have imagined it—I
was blown, sucked from her. Rut of course you picked
me up. Where are the others? Who is the poor chap
yonder?” He indicated Sir Esme.

  I was so amazed that for a moment I could not speak.

He remembered lie had been on the Santa foes. His
memory had returned. But how was it possible he did
not know Sir Esme; that he did not know me or the
quartermaster? Then, before I could frame a question,
Sir Esme drew a deep breath, sighed, and opening his
eyes, sat up with a jerk.

  “Thank Heaven you’ve recovered!” I exclaimed.
“I-”

  "What the deuce has happened?” he ejaculated. “What

the devil am I doing here ? Where's-”

  “Don't you remember?” I asked anxiously, a numb-
ing chill at my heart, for fear he had received some
serious injury to his brain. “The yacht was wrecked—
hurled into the air by one of the vortices. But thank
God you used the smoke in time to save your life aud
that of Harvey. And you’re on the derelict. T picked

you both up. It-”

  “Yacht! Wreck! Vortices!” he cried. “What die
devil arc you talking about? What do you mean by
smoke? What derelict are you referring to?”

  My worst fears, I felt, were borne' out. Sir Esme
was raving. He must be out of his head. But perhaps,
I thought, it was merely the effects of shock, a temporary
loss of memory.

   “It will all come back to you in a short time,” I as-
sured him. “No wonder you cannot get your wits to-
gether or your memory working right away. It’s the
same with Harvey; he didn't recognize me at first. But
thank God we are all safe for the present, though poor
Isbister and the rest are lost.”

  Sir Esme was frowning, his bushy brows knit, obvi-
ously striving to recall the details of the catastrophe.

   “I remember being on the yacht,” he said at last, speak-
ing slowly and as if voicing each detail as it returned to
him. “And I recall that you were with me. and Harvey,
of course. But what the devil we were doing, what hap-
pened, is all a blank. Sorry to hear old Isbister’s gone.
I suppose we must have run into this hulk, eh? Funny
thing, that; he was a good seaman. Must have been
in the night, I presume. But I can’t grasp what you
meant by the Loch Lovcrn being hurled into the air by
some devilish thing you call a vortex, unless you mean
we were hit by a water-spout. But what’s to be done
next? Can’t stop here on a half-sunken wreck for-
ever.”

  I shook my head. Sir Esme spoke rationally, sanely,
but evidently he could not recall the tragedy. And if—
my thoughts were interrupted by Harvey who, having
apparently regained nearly his normal strength, had been
sitting up, staring with a puzzled expression at Sir Esme
and myself.

  “Pardon me, but are you Sir Esme McDonald?” he
asked.

  Sir Esme wheeled. “What ?” he exclaimed. “By Gad,
are we all crazy? Of course I am. I might just as well
ask you if you're Harvey.”

  “Well, I’m not,” was the amazing reply. “Who’s
Harvey? I never heard of him. I’m Professor Arch-
ibald Ilumiston of Langford. I recognized you from
pictures I've seeii and I am interested and glad to know
you on account of your excellent article in the Sports-
man on the preservation of wild game. I'm intensely
interested in the subject. But what, may I ask, brought
you here, Sir Esme? I was not aware that there was a
vessel in sight when the Santa Ines ran into that terrific
whirlwind. And now here you are with these other
THE NON-GRAVITATIONAL VORTEX

221

strangers aboard; all that’s left of the poor old Santa.
And if you wish to know what I was doing on a Spanish
ship, I was returning from the Canaries, where my yacht
had gone on the rocks.”

  Sir Esme's jaw gaped; he was gazing at the man we
had known as Harvey as though he had been a ghost,
and I, too, was staring at him, speechless with astonish-
ment. The fellow’s lost memory had been miraculously
restored. He remembered who he was, where he had
been when disaster overtook him, but—judging from his
words—lie could recall nothing that had occurred subse-
quent to the loss of the Santa Ines.

  Sir Esme was the first to speak. “By Jove!” he cried,
"either you’re as crazy as a mad hatter or I am. You
may be Professor Humiston—T’ll admit you might be
the King of Dahomey or the President of Argentina, for
all I know to the contrary. But to me you’re Harvey,
the chap I picked up drifting, damn near drowned, off
the West Indies. And do you mean to tell me you never
met me before? Why, by Gad, you’ve been with me,
my man, for—for-”

  “You’re mad!” the other burst out, cutting Sir Esme’s
sentence short. “Picked me up over by the Antilles. Me
your valet! Hang it all, you may be Sir Esme Mc-
Donald, Baronet, but you’re stark, staring mad if you
say such tilings. Why, good Lord, man, here I am, still
wet from my immersion, still 011 all that’s left of the
Santa Ines, and you have the monumental nerve to tell
me that you picked me up a thousand miles from here.
You-”

  “Gentlemen, please, please wait a bit," I begged them,
as I saw Sir Esme's face flushing with anger. “Let me
try to explain.”

  In as few words as possible I tried to make them
understand. But it was hopeless to try to awaken their
memories. Harvey—no, Professor Humiston had, by
some freak of mind, perhaps through shock, perhaps
through some strange, mysterious effect of the Esme-
ismic area, been restored to full and complete memory
of his life up to the time when the Santa Ines had met
with disaster, which, I was now firmly convinced, had
been caused by a non-gravitational vortex exactly as the
Loch Lovern had been wrecked. Rut all subsequent
events, his rescue, his service with Sir Esme, his life as
the mysterious Ilarvey, had all been wiped completely
from his memory.

  On the other hand. Sir Esme, through the same shock
or the same effects of the force that had destroyed his
yacht, had lost all memory of the events leading up to
the disaster, and as I soon discovered he had not the
faintest recollection of having discovered Esmeism, of
having set out 011 a voyage to locate the Esmeismic areas.
More, and most amazing of all, he did not remember
anything whatsoever about his scientific work. Science,
scientific terms conveyed 110 meaning to him. He knew
less of science or at least no more 011 the subject than did
Hobson, the quartermaster. All the months, the years
he had devoted to scientific work were a blank to him.
His other personality, Alexander Macdonald, had ceased
to exist even as a memory, and only Sir Esme remained.

INDEED, both he and Professor Humiston scoffed
openly at my attempts to convince them of the truth.
They both regarded me as having become mentally de-
ranged from my experiences, and each looked upon the
other as a bit mad and regarded himself as the only

really sane member of our shipwrecked party. Never-
theless they became good friends ;md presently ceased
arguing and turned their attention to the more pressing
and important matter of evolving some means of rescu-
ing ourselves from our precarious position. Very prob-
ably we might all have succumbed to thirst, starvation
or other causes had it not been for Hobson, who remem-
bered the yacht’s position when he had last been at the
wheel. And being an unusually observant fellow for a
common sailor, and with ambitions to become a navi-
gator, he had noticed that the chart showed a group of
small islands about two to three degrees south and a
degree and a half west of our position. To attempt to
traverse nearly two hundred miles of ocean in a small
boat, whose only means of propulsion was oars, was a
somewhat dangerous undertaking, not to mention the
hardships it would entail. But with a seaworthy, well-
built boat and in the calmest portion of the ocean, it
was a far less hazardous matter than to remain upon a
drifting derelict, that might never be sighted by a pass-
ing ship. Moreover, we had no choice in the matter.

   That same night a long, slow swell came rolling out of
the east, the waterlogged hulk rose and fell sluggishly,
water washed over its all but submerged dccks, and when
dawn burst in a blaze of glory over the vast expanse of
sea, we found that the derelict’s hours were numbered.
During the night she had settled appreciably. At an)'
moment the hatches might give way and she would then
plunge like a plummet to the bottom of the ocean. So,
having breakfasted 011 crackers, cheese, and wine, we
clambered into the small boat and pushed off from the
pathetic hulk that, within the next few hours, would van-
ish forever.

  And we were not a moment too soon. Scarcely were
we clear of the wreck when there was a rending, tearing
explosion; fragments of timbers and hatch covers flew
high in air, water poured in torrents over the rent decks
and into the yawning hold, and suddenly lifting her stem
in air she plunged beneath the waves. But in that
moment that her battered counter had been raised clear
of the sea, her name, painted amid ornate scrolls across
her stern, had been reveiUed, and with incredulous eyes
I had read: "Santa Ines, Barcelona”! It seemed im-
possible, incredible, utterly beyond belief. Harvey—no,
Professor Humiston—had been right!

  By some freak of fate he, we, had found refuge upon
the hulk of the ship from which he had been cast into the
sea. Of course he didn't appear in the least surprised,
for he was utterly unaware that nearly two years had
passed since the Santa Ines had .been left, a battered, hope-
less wreck, by the phenomenon that had destroyed her
and had carried him—yes, I was forced to believe it—
hundreds of miles across the ocean. The Lord only
knows what the effect might have been had Sir Esme
read the derelict's name, but fortunately his head was
turned at the time and it escaped him. But as he recalled
nothing of his theories and merely knew he had rescued
Professor Humiston from the sea 111 a distant part of
the ocean, in all probability the revelation of the derelict’s
name would merely have confirmed his belief in Har-
vey’s—110, the Professor’s—mental delusions.

There is little more to tell. In due time we reached
the islands, little the worse for our long, hazardous and
uncomfortable voyage. They were uninhabited, univit-
ing, rocky islets, but with some vegetation, the homes
(■Continued on page 253)
Element

f\NE of the greatest losses in the World War was the death of the young and
kS brilliant Moseley at Gallipoli. He arranged a number of metals in a series,
'which has since been expanded to include all elements, so that each one has its
atomic number; the lowest, hydrogen, having one and the highest, uranium,
having 92, giving a new view of atomic relations. The many gaps which existed;
in the series have been gradually filled by the discovery of previously unknown
elements. The possibilities which the yet unknown elements may hold may be
many and inconceivably great. Who knows, then, but that our new author has
hit on a good bit of truth in his “Element 87,” six places below uranium, the
highest in the scale? And it may be that we will know sooner than we expect.

Illustrated by MOREY

I LANDED from the steamer, got my trunks
through the customs and on their way; then I
hurried uptown and had a little dinner with my
old friend, Harrington. After that I went home
to my apartment. It was just the sort of an eve-
ning for a visit from von Ho fen. The sun had gone
down in one of those ghastly green sunsets that always
give me tlie creeps. Now it had begun to rain; a slow,
dreary drizzle, accompanied by a whining wind, that sug-
gested the gibbering of ghosts and all that sort of thing.

  You may wonder why all this suggested a visit from
von Hofen; but you don't know von Hofen. He is the
finest old scout that ever lived, and I haven’t a better
friend in tlie world; but, hang it, he isn’t human. He
won’t be offended when he reads this. I have told him
the same thing hundreds of times; and he only laughs
and says, “Ach, so!” I am no scientist; I’m just a plain
money grubber; and the things that von Ilofen does with
induction coils and cathode rays and things of that sort
seem to me positively uncanny. I cannot rid myself of
the feeling that there is something diabolical about it all.

  I am not aslnmed of being a money grubber. Some-
body has to be that, or the von Hofens could never put
their ideas across; and I am proud to say that my dollars,
backing up von Hofen’s brains, have contributed much
to the pleasure and comfort of mankind.

  I went to my book-casc for something to read. The
first thing I got hold of was “She.” It was just the
sort of an evening for Rider Haggard; so I put that
bad". The next was a volume of Poe’s tales, and it fell
open at “The Masque of the Red Death.” Nice reading
for such a night. 1 put that back, too. I needed a
sedative, and was looking for Carlyle’s “French Revolu-
tion,” which always puts me to sleep, when the bell rang.
It was von Hofen, of course.

  “Well, you old wizard,” I said, “what is it this time,
and how much is it going to cost?”

  “Ach,” said he, “I have tlie so wonderful idea. It will
shake the world. Radio? Television? Bah! They are
as nothing. I have already in the laboratory the oh so
small model. It works; but ach, how it has cost. My

car, my house, and”—here he glanced down at his vest—
“yes, I have, as you say, ‘hock’ my watch.”

  “Your car, your house, your watch!” I shouted,

  “Yes,” he replied calmly; “but it is not enough; so I
have come to you as soon as I hear the steamer is ar-
rived.”

  “But why didn’t you come to me before?” I stormed.
"Ach, but you were in Europe. I could not wait to try
out this so wonderful invention.”

  “But,” I persisted, “why didn’t you write or cable or
radio or something? But you are a genius—an inventor;
and of coiirsc you couldn’t be expected to have a grain
of ordinary common sense. Come on; let’s go have a look
at your contraption.”

  My car was still in storage; but I called a taxi, which
soon dropped us at a dingy house over on Second Ave-
nue. We descended the area steps. Von Hofen un-
locked the grilled iron gate and then the door leading into
the basement hall. He lighted the gas, and unlocked a
third door, opening into the underground room which was
von Hofen’s laboratory. Here he proudly displayed the.
working model of his latest invention. To me it was only
a conglomeration of batteries, wires, glass tubes and coils;
but von Hofen entered upon a lengthy explanation, which
I give here, as well as I can, in the hope that it may
mean more to some of you readers than it did to me.

  "I have discovered the great secret,” said von Hofen,
“for which, a long time, the scientists have searched.
All matter, as you know, is made up of atoms. These
atoms, they are composed of electrons and protons. But
what arc these ? Ah! that no one knows but von Hofen.

I have prove that they are nothing but vibrations. I
have discover, too, that each element has its own vibra-
tion—its own’ wave length—and that these follow the
scale of atomic weights and the X-ray spectrum of the
so great Moseley, from hydrogen, which is number one,
to uranium, which is numberhinety-two. A compound,
too, is but one vibration; made up of many, yes; but
only one. Ach, how shall you understand? But listen.
You hear a great orchestra; a hundred pieces; brass,,
wood-wind, strings, each with many sound vibrations,

222
Ralph

 4J In dead silence von Ho fen
 threw the switch. The whole ap-
 paratus quivered as the current
 roared between anode and cathode.
 The room was flooded with
 ghastly blue light, and the air was
 heavy with the smell of ozone.
224

AMAZING STORIES

many overtones. Many thousand vibrations of sound,
you would say. But no. There is but one. It can all
be contained in the so small groove of your phonograph
disc. You start the record, and, in this one vibration,
you hear again all the instruments. It is the same with
the telephone, the radio, with this so wonderful inven-
tion of mine. Many vibrations, and yet but one. E
pluribus unit,’it, is it not so? Though a compound should
contain all the elements—there can be but ninety-two—
it matters not. It is not ninety-two vibrations, but only
one.

  When my so great invention I have complete, there
will be a screen with ninety-two—what shall I say?
Lenses? Each lens shall take up the vibration of one
element. Good. I place in the sending chamber, let us
say, the box of candy which you wish to send to your
sweetheart, and turn on the current. Each element is
taken up by its own lens on the screen, and passes into
the condensing globe, where all arc focused into one ray.
This ray shall fall upon a reversing screen at the re-
ceiving station, and all parts shall be reassembled in the
same form as before. Shall you wish to go again to
Europe, you shall not take the steamer, bio. You shall
sit in the little chair in the sending chamber; then I aim
the machine to, shall we say London? I turn it until the
little needle on the dial shall point to the London mark.
If it is not point correctly the switch will not close. I
turn on the current, and pouf! you are sitting in the little
chair before the receiving screen in London.

  “But I have not yet the screen. I, as you say, went
broke. For the screen one must have a substance which
is radioactive. In this so small model I have use radium.
It has but the one lens, which will send but one element,
iron. See, here is a ball of pure iron. I place it here in
the sending chamber, and close the switch. The vibra-
tion of iron passes through this tube here into this glass
globe, which is the condenser, and sends the vibrations in
one beam—in one direction; else there would be no more
iron, but only vibrations, spreading abroad through the
ether like rings in a pool into which you have throw a
stone. Now see.”

  He closed the switch. There was a buzzing noise, and
the glass tubes lit'up with blue light.

  “Now,” said he, shutting off the current, “you shall
find the little ball of iron before that screen 011 the other
side of the room.”

  It was there, sure enough.

  Von Ho fen laughed in triumph. "BuL it will do some-
thing more: something that will be of the greatest use
to the chemist. Here is a nail. It is not iron; it is steel,
it contains carbon. I place it in the machine, and close
the switch. See. The iron goes to the screen but the
carbon is still here in the sending chamber. So you see
this so wonderful machine can be use to analyze any com-
pound, no matter how complex, by using one lens at a
time until all the ninety-two shall have been tried. It
can also, in the same way, produce any clement pure and
without adulteration.”

HERE von Helen began a technical explanation of
just how the apparatus worked; forgetting en-
tirely that he was speaking to one with only the most
rudimentary knowledge of science, all of which was so
utterly Greek to me that I cannot remember a word of it.

  The money now being available to supply needed ma-
terials, von Hofen worked like a slave, day in and day
out, rapidly extending the scope of his operations. From

iron he turned to other elements, and then to simple
compounds, advancing rapidly to those which were more
complex. He was wild with delight when he succeeded
in sending a block of wood across the room, proving that
so-called organic matter was not beyond the power nf his
machine to handle. Then came the wonderful day when
he succeeded in sending a dead cat across the laboratory.
Having accomplished this, he was ready for the greatest
step in the development of the invention: the step from
dead and inert materials to the living creature.

  After several days of careful adjustment of the appa-
ratus, he believed that everything was in shape; and in-
sisted upon my being present at this crucial test. A living
cat was placed in the sending chamber, and the current
turned on. I confess that I felt much like a schoolboy
speaking a piece and suffering from stage fright. Von
Ilofen’s hand trembled so that he could hardly close the
switch. Unfortunately for the cat, the experiment was
not a complete success; the instrument being evidently
in need of further adjustment. The animal arrived at
the receiving screen in apparently excellent shape, ex-
cept that it was dead. During the next week the mor-
tality rate among the cats in the neighborhood rose
alarmingly; but, just seven days after the first experi-
ment, the cat, a big Maltese, as I remember, was found
at the receiving end contentedly purring, and apparently
unaware that anything unusual had happened to her.

  The next step was to rent a room in a shabby building
in the neighborhood called “Hell’s Kitchen.” This place
had formerly been occupied as a gambling den. It was
lined with sheet iron; its heavy door was also rein-
forced with iron, and defended by huge locks. Here we
installed an immensie receiving screen, and experimented
with sending various objects across the city. This un-
savory neighborhood was chosen for the double reason
that it was a desirable distance from the sending station
and was, moreover, in a section where strange actions
were unlikely to attract much .attention from anyone ex-
cept, possibly, the police. The fortified room, moreover,
rendered it less likely that inquisitive persons would
force their way into the place, with consequent damage
to delicate apparatus costing many thousands of dollars
to install.

  The culmination of this series of experiments brought,
incidentally, one of the greatest sensations which the city
had known for a long time. By means of bank note di-
plomacy, securing the connivance of the janitor of a
certain medical school, we arranged to borrow a dead
man from the pickling vat, pledging ourselves to re-
turn the same when we had done with it. That was a
ghastly piece of work. Approaching the building at a
rear entrance, and giving a preconcerted signal, we were
admitted by our dusky co-conspirator of the dissecting
room, where he was engaged at the time of our arrival,
in the pleasant task of gathering up such fragments of
human remains as were no longer of use, to be burned in
an incinerator in the basement. All about, stretched 011
slabs, were awful shapes that made my flesh creep.
Some were covered, some were not; some, were entire,
some decidedly not. I fell like a ghoul. From the vat
at the rear of this cheerful place a prospective subject
was fished, with the assistance of the janitor, bundled up,
and conveyed to the car waiting by the door, taking ad-
vantage of the time between the rounds of the police-
man on the beat. With our unpleasant passenger we
sped to the basement laboratory on Second Avenue,
smuggled it in, and placed it in the sending chamber of
ELEMENT 87

225

the full-sized machine which had now taken the place oE
the little working model of a few months before.

  The whole experience was so weird, so smacking of
witchcraft, sorcery and that sort of thing, that to this
day I get goose flesh when I think about it. We placed
the dead man in the chair, securing him in a sitting posi-
tion by means of bits of insulated wire that lay scattered
about the place. I can see him now, that grisly dead
man, sitting in that chair, surrounded by tubes, coils
and all sorts of mysterious apparatus. His sunken eyes
were open, staring. Von Hofen seemed, if possible, even
more nervous than I. 1 remember that when either of us
spoke, which was not often, it was in a whisper, or in
such low tones, as one might use in addressing a fellow
mourner at a funeral. New and powerful induction coils
had been provided, and current at a high voltage had
displaced the 110 volts of former experiments.

  Yon Hofen went over the entire machine; tightening
a binding screw here, adjusting something there. I feel
pretty ccrtain that all this was more, for the purpose of
delaying the crucial moment until he could get control
of his nerves, than for any other reason. All was ready.
In dead silence von Hofen threw the switch. The whole
apparatus quivered as the current roared between anode
and cathode; the room was flooded with ghastly blue
light, and the air was heavy with the smell of ozone.
While von Ho fen's hand was still clutching the switch,
the sending chamber was empty.

  Von Hofen jerked open the switch, and we rushed
from the room to the street, never stopping to turn out
the light, and slamming doors behind us as we went. I
heard the clang of the iron gate as I reached the top of
the area steps. W'e leaped into the waiting car and sped,
in defiance of the traffic laws, I fear, to the house on
Tenth Avenue. Up the stairway we raced, as though
the police were after us. Von Hofen’s hands shook so
that he could hardly get the key into the lock. W'e
flung the door open and snapped on the light. A horrible
sight met our eyes. The body was there; but in a condi-
tion which it would be idle even to attempt to describe.
“Scrambled” is the only word that I can think of which
can even faintly suggest it. The features were grotesque-
ly misplaced, as were the arms and legs; but this was not
the. worst. The. entire structure had been shifted, so to
speak. I have no doubt that a microscopic examination
would have shown that not a cell of the entire organism
had retained its proper shape and position. The result
was something which had certainly never been seen
before in the history of the world. I cannot even hint
at its appearance.

  As we had promised to return the body to the pickling
vat, there was nothing to do but to bundle up the thing
and smuggle it back to the medical school, get it into the
vat without anyone having seen it, and leave future
events to take care of themselves. We managed to ac-
complish this without permitting our janitor friend to
look at the gruesome object; when, therefore, it should
turn up in the dissecting room, there would be nothing
to connect it with the subject \ve had borrowed.

  A few days later the creature was fished from the
vat and placed upon a slab, and then the fireworks began.
The medicos declared that it was utterly impossible that
such a being could have survived to reach maturity, but
there it was, to'be accounted for. No one knew whence
it had come, and every effort to trace it back to its source,
so to speak, resulted in failure. The morgue emphatically
denied all knowledge of it. A storm of discussion arose.

Physicians and surgeons from all parts oi the country
flocked to inspect it, and add their conjectures to the
mass of conflicting opinion. A noted chemist offered
the suggestion that the astounding condition observed
had been caused, in some manner, by the liquid in the
pickling vat, but, as the other subjects in the vat showed
no signs of distortion, this theory was not generally
accepted.

  The newspapers devoted their front pages to the
morbid details. One Sunday Edition contained a whole
page of pseudo-scientific hokum, with blood-curdling il-
lustrations, gravely discussing the probability oi the crea-
ture’s having come on a meteorite or from Mars. Then
a millionaire eloped with his stenographer, the front page
and the public turned their attention to that, and the
incident was forgotten; exccpt by a few medical men,
who, no doubt, are still puzzling over it.

  For the first time in all my acquaintance with him,
I found von Hofen dejected and discouraged.

  “I can do no more,” said he. “The screen must be
radioactive. I have used radium; but it is—how shall
I express it? too coarse. There is no known element that
can take its place. There is one, number eighty-seven in
the scale. It comes next to radium in the periodic table.
That, I am sure, would do ; but it has never been dis-
covered. There is only one man in all the world whom I
could depend upon to find it for us. He is the greatest
of all chemists. Fame, wealth, what you will, might be
his; but he has the evil heart. He. is even now in prison."

  “Prison doors can be opened,” I said. “I will stop
short of nothing but murder to put this thing across.
Who is he? Where is he?”

  He was, it seemed, one Professor John Carson, whose
residence at the time was one of those neat and compact
little, apartments up in Ossining prison.

  Now I am a normally law-abiding citizen; but, in this
instance, it appeared to me that the success of von
Hofen’s invention was of such immense importance to
mankind as to justify a ccrtain waiving of legal techni-
calities, as long as nobody was actually harmed thereby,
if such should be necessary. Here was evidently a case
where bank-note diplomacy was again called for. By
such diplomatic means, therefore, I secured the coopera-
tion of a turnkey or two. When that had been accom-
plished, the rest was comparatively easy.

I HAD a long interview with Professor Carson, in
which I made certain propositions to him, which he
accepted with alacrity. At the same time T took careful
note of his personal appearance, manner of speech, size
and approximate weight, as they appeared to me from
personal observation. I also sccurcd exact data on these
points, together with a photograph, from the prison files.
The next thing was to find a man answering as closely as
possible to the general description of Carson, whose
financial status was such as to render it worth his while,
to do two years’ “time” for a few thousand dollars.
This required a little, delay, but the man was finally
found.

  This man was admitted to Carson’s cell, where they
exchanged clothing. At the end of the call, Carson
walked out, unsuspected, leaving his visitor to serve, the
balance of his term. Carson was given clearly to under-
stand that his freedom was only to last as long as he
played square with us; and that, at the first sign of
crooked work, means would be found for getting him
once more behind the bars.
22 0

AMAZING STORIES

   These little details having been attended to, a fully
equipped laboratory was provided for the use of our
chemist, at my expense. As I watched him at work, I
full rather proud to be the owner of all that collection of
furnaces, beakers, retorts and crooked glassware; even
though I had no remotest notion what any of it was for.

   In the matter of zeal, Carson left nothing to be desired.
He was in his element, seemingly fascinated by his task;
and he threw himself heart and soul into his work, which
he loved better than anything else on earth—except
crime. On one occasion, at least, he remained for a full
twenty-four hours in the laboratory, fascinated by some
experiment which he was conducting, never leaving it to
eat or sleep. And then, one day, he came into the base-
ment room on Second Avenue, with a beaker containing
a handful of something that resembled coal ashes more
than anything else I can think of.

   “Here,” said he, "is a concentrate containing the sub-
stance, we are looking for. From its position in the
Periodic Table, I was convinced that it would be found
in one of the radioactive ores, accompanied by, and prob-
ably overshadowed, by radium. Yesterday I found un-
mistakable traces of it; and by working all last night I
finally obtained this. I could, no doubt, separate the
element in my laboratory; but, with the aid of von Hofen
here, I think we can save considerable time. In the
corner over there is a small model of the projector,
which, I understand, has but one lens, as von Hofen
calls it, tuned for iron. If von Hofen will provide us
with a small lens tuned for the purpose, we can separate
out the element we desire more quickly, and probably in
a purer state than I could obtain it in my laboratory.”

  In a few hours the desired screen was at hand. The
concentrate was placed in the sending chamber of the
little projector, and the small receiving screen was set up
in its old place at the end of the room. When the switch
was closed, I could observe no difference in the appear-
ance of the concentrate; but, on the little tray before the
receiving screen, was scattered a greyish powder. Per-
haps a teaspoon ful altogether.

  “Don’t touch it," warned Carson. “It is not as de-
structive as radium, I am certain; but I shouldn't care
to handle it with bare hands until we know more about
it.” He poured the powder into a small leaden phial,
which he held out toward us with a dramatic gesture,
“Here it is,” he said, “Element Number 87, discov-
ered by me, John Carson, and which I have taken the
liberty of naming after myself, ‘Carsonium’; and here”
—producing a small note-book—“is the formula.”

  “Carsonium,” to our great delight, proved to be all
that we had hoped for. The invention was a success.
Now came the supreme test—to send a living man from
the basement room on Second Avenue to the iron-walled
room on Tenth Avenue. Here even von Hofen hesi-
tated. What if something should go wrong, and the
subject of the experiment should arrive at the receiver,
a scrambled monstrosity, like that which had so upset the
medical world a few months before? The machine was
ready, and tuned to the highest degree of accuracy; and
yet we delayed.

  The more I saw of Carson the less I liked or trusted
him.

  “Von Hofen,” I said one day, “are you sure that the
formula which Carson gave you is genuine?”

  Von Hofen started. A troubled look came over his
face. “I had not thought of that,” said he. “But this
night will I go to the laboratory and try iL out. I am not

so much of a chemist as Carson; but a little of a chemist,
yes. Enough to test the formula. We sliall see.”

  That night, taking the little note-book from its place in
the safe, we went to Carson's laboratory, which had not
been used since the completion of his experiments. Here
von Ilofen opened the book and began to mumble over
the figures which it contained. As he did so, his brow
wrinkled into a deep frown.

  “HsS04 + Ifei -1- KNO. -I- H20,2>-” In a lew

moments he threw down the note-book. “It is but non-
sense,” he said, “a jumble of chemical symbols. It
means nothing. He makes fools of us. Let us search,
Perhaps the real formula is concealed here.” I thought
it most unlikely; nevertheless we ransacked the place
thoroughly, even examining the contents of a waste bas-
ket, which stood by the desk. It is hardly necessary to
say that we found nothing.

  Day was breaking when, at last, we returned to the
Second Avenue basement, where we sat down for a
council of war.

  “Von Hofen,” I said, “you can bet your last dollar
that that formula is resting, safe aud sound, in Carson’s
pocket. By hook or by crook, by violence, if necessary,
we must get it from him. In the meantime we must not
let him suspect that we have discovered the one he gave
us to be a fraud. If he knows that we even suspect it,
the game is all up. With that formula in liis possession,
he has us by the throat. He can demand what terms he
pleases. Now, what I would suggest is this-”

  “Good morning, gentlemen,” said a voice at the door.
“What is the trouble? You seem worried about some-
thing. Has anything gone wrong with the projector?”
It was Carson, wearing upon his face a sarcastic smile
which would have justified murder.

  “So,” lie went on, “you thought you could outwit Pro-
fessor John Carson. You amuse me. The formula is
mine and the machine is mine. Last night, while you
were busy in my laboratory, I was busy in yours. I
made a careful study of all plans, blueprints and data
regarding this most ingenious invention; and I think I
am now as familiar with its details as von Hofen himself.
However, to guard against any possible failure of
memory on my part, I took possession of all said plans
and data, and have them now in my coat pocket. Check-
mate !”

  Von Hofen quickly spun the combination and threw
open the door of the safe. It was empty.

  Carson laughed.

  As I turned, with clenched fists, he was standing be-
tween us and the door, with a revolver in his hand. “You
spoke, a moment ago,” said he, “of my dictating terms.
You wrong me. T have no intention of doing anything of
the sort. Why should I make terms when I can have it
all? I shall make short work of both of you right now,
and send your remains by air route to the room on Tenth
Avenue. They will be discovered on the street later on,
and what is there to connect them with me? But no.
There is an even more effectual way of disposing of
them. I have only to-”

HE did not go on with his explanation. He was so
pleased with his cleverness, and so much amused
by the little lecture he was giving us that he became a bit
careless. I seized the opportunity, and sprang upon him,
striking at the hand which held the revolver. He fired,
but the ball buried itself harmlessly in the ceiling. At
the same instant von Hofen leaped to my assistance. I
ELEMENT 87

227

was amazed at the strength that seemed to be in the old
fellow's lean frame, and I myself am no wealding; hut
Carson was like a thing of steel springs and wire.

  The revolver was knocked to the floor, and the three
of us staggered about the room, fighting like demons. I
have not the slightest doubt but that Carson could have
managed the two of us, but, in the struggle, he stepped
upon the fallen revolver, which slipjpbd along the floor,
throwing him off his balance. He fell violently against
the projector, his head striking the heavy iron frame.
For a moment he was partially stunned. That moment
was enough. Before he could recover himself, we had
him down. I tied his wrists and ankles with some pieces
of heavy copper wire which lay upon the. floor, and we
buuud him securely to the chair in the sending chamber
of the projector. Von Ilofen threw the switch. The
current roared, the blue light flared, and he was gone.

  “Now,” said von Hofen, "we must get an officer. He
is in the room on Tenth Avenue, bound hand and foot.

We must get the formula from him, and then-”

  “And then,” I finished, “we will get him back into
prison by the same means that got him out. But why in
thunder didn’t we get that formula while we had him
here? Come on.”

  Soon, accompanied by an officer, we were hurrying
westward. We unfastened the iron door of the receiving
room, and rushed in. The room was empty.

  "He is a devil,” said von Hofen. “Let us go.”

  Sadly we returned to the basement room, where stood
the now useless transmitter—useless because we had con-
sumed the last of our Carsonium in getting rid of its
discoverer; and we could produce no more.

  “My friend,” said von Hofen, "we are dead men.

How we escaped from that room I cannot guess; but he
has made similar escapes before. Somewhere he is lurk-
ing. By knife, by gun, by poison, in some way, he will
accomplish his purpose. I knew what he was. I should
have known better. We should have left him in prison.”

  “Nonsense!” said I. “We will have the whole police
force of the city and the whole Pinkerton Detective
Agency into the bargain on his track. We will get him.
We’ll see this thing through or-”

  I stopped, for von Hofen was not listening; he stood
staring at a bit of wire which dangled from the projector.
He took the end of the wire in his hand, and turned to
me, with a most peculiar smile upon his face.

  “You will not need the police,” he said, “nor the detec-
tive agency. This so small wire, which is now broken,
carried the current to the condenser. Carson must have
broken it when he fell against the machine. We placed
him in the sending chamber, turned 011 the current, and
poui 1 IVe have broadcast him!”

  So, somewhere out in interstellar space, the vibrations
of Professor John Carson and his formula are traveling,
on and on, in ever-widening circles, into infinity. He will
not return.

  And now my reason for telling the story? Just this.
If any of you chemical fellows happen to be on the trail
of Element Number 87, and need a bit of inducement
beyond the hope of having it named “Smithium” or
“Joncsium” in your honor, let me say that, in a basement
room on Second Avenue, New York City, there stands
the greatest invention of all time, useless as a Rolls Poyce
out of gas, awaiting the rediscovery of that element; arid
there is also waiting, at my bank, in the same city, a re-
ward of ten thousand dollars in cash for the finder.

The End

What Do You Know?

"OEADERS of Amazing Stories have frequently commented upon the fact that there is more actual knowledge
■*-*- to be gained through reading its pages than from many a text book. Moreover, most of the stories arc written
in a popular vein, making it possible for anyone to grasp important facts.

The questions which we give below are all answered on the pages as listed at the end of the questions. Please
see if you can answer the questions without looking for the answer, and see how well you check up on your general

  knowledge of scicnce.

  1.	How definite can scientific theories as to gravitation,
  sun-spots and other phenomena be regarded? (See
  page 207.)

  2.	What is known about the plant and insect life in
  warm or hot water? (See page 214.)

  3.	What is the name of the floating sea-weed with its
  forms of animal life found ill the Sargasso Sea?
  (See page 217.)

  4.	Where would element 87 comc in the table of ele-
  ments? (See page 225.)

  5.	How could a hot enough flame cut iron; how is iron
  now cut by the blowpipe? (See page 231.)

  6.	Wliai gas can pass through a plate of hot iron?
  (See page 232.)

  7.	Give an example of an empirical formula that will
  represent two different compounds. (See page 233.)

 8.	If petroleum were exhausted, what vegetable plant
 could be used to supply oil? (See page 234.)

 9.	How much heat can atomic hydrogen produce? (See
 page 237.)

 10.	How was the problem of storing acetylene solved?
 (See page 237.)

  11.	How many ergs per sccond arc produced in the sun?
  (See. page 240.)

  12.	If all_ moleculcs in a solid bar moved in the same
  direction, what would happen? (See page 240.)

  13.	What two elements constitute three-quarters of the
  matter of the earth? (See page 247.)

  14.	At what speed would an airplane counteract the gravi-
  tation of the earth by its centrifugal force? (See
  page 249.)

  15.	What is the characteristic of the orbit of Triton with
  reference to Neptune? (See page 274.)

Sequel to THE SKYLARK OF SPACE

Begins in August and continues for three consecutive issues.

SKYLARK THREE, By Edward E. Smith, Ph.D.

Order your copies now from your newsdealer, or send your subscription direct to
Amazing Stories, 381 Fourth Avenue, New York City.
 S3 Then suddenly the
 nose of the machine
 ‘teas pointed once more
 for the zenith. With
 a great column of flame
 shooting out behind
 him, he was heading
 out toivard space.

228
Preferred

  Illustrated by
  WESSO

By John W. Campbell, Jr.

Author of “When the Atoms Failed” and “The Metal Horde"

/~\NCE again our young author offers us a rare combination of accurate science
-* with excellently written fiction. It is perfectly possible to get sunburned in a
dark room into which only ultra-violet rays of light—so called—penetrate. The
same rays can make some substances visible and fail to do so with others. A word
can be written with a colorless, clear solution so as to be completely invisible on
paper, except under the proper light. Why, tkerefore, is it not possible to go
ahead of these phenomena and penetrate further into the secrets of invisibility and
visibility. Mr. Campbell, in looking ahead to the future of aviation, propounds
some ingenious ideas, always based on sound scientific fact, as to the possibilities
of this most interesting of subjects—aviation. This is an excellent bit of scientific
fiction.

"IGH in the deep blue of the afternoon sky
rode a tiny speck of glistening metal,
scarce visible in the glare of the bright
sun. The workers on the machines below
glanced up for a moment—four twenty-
one it must be—-then bade to their work, though little
enough it was on these automatic cultivators. Even this
little break in the afternoon program was of interest
in this dull monotony of green. But they would soon
be starting back to the plantation city. These endless
fields of castor bean plants had to be cultivated, but
with the great machines tliat did the work ii required
but a few dozen men to cultivate an entire county.
Indeed, so vast \yas the area, that little helicopters were
even now resting on the big cultivator, that they might
fly back at the end of the day, leaving the machine where
it was, ready to use in the morning.

  High above them the passengers of die huge plane
looked down for a moment perhaps, but continued with
their papers or books immediately, tor this long monot-
onous trip was most annoying to them. It seemed
unnecessary to spend six good hours in a short 3,500-
mile trip like this. There was nothing to do either,
not like the trans-Pacific liners, for though they spent
nearly ten hours in flight they at least had dub rooms
and a swimming pool- There was nothing to do, noth-
ing to see, except a slowly passing landscape ten miles
below. No details could be distinguished, and the steady
low throb of the engines, the whirring of the giant
propellers, the muffled roar of the air, as it rushed by,
combined to form a soothing lullaby of power. It was
all right for pleasure seekers and vacationists, but the
business man was in a hurry.

  The pilot of the machine took a last glance at the

instruments, wondered vaguely why he had to he there
at all, then turned, left the pilot room in charge of his
assistant, and went down to talk with the chief engineer.

  His vacation began the first of Sol, and as this was
the last of June, he was still rather wondering what
would have happened if he had done as he had been
half inclined to do—quit the trip and let the assistant
take her through. It would have been very simple—
just a few levers to manipulate, a few controls to set,
and the instruments would have taken her up to ten or
eleven miles, swung her into the great westward air
current, and leveled her off at five hundred and sixty
or so an hour toward ’Frisco. They would hold her
on the radio beacon course better than he ever could.
Even the landing would have been easy. The assistant
had never landed a big plane, but if he had been shown
which control to reset, the instruments would do it.
If he forgot his instructions, he would merely have to
leave it alone and in ten minutes it would land auto-
matically—if an emergency piloL didn’t come up by
that time in answer to the automatic signal

  He yawned and sauntered down the hall. He yawned
again, wondered what made him so sleepy—he hadn’t
been out the night before—oh—why—worry-.

  He slumped limply to the floor and lay there breath-
ing even more and more slowly.

  The officials of the San Francisco terminus of The
Transcontinental Airways Company were worried. The
great Transcontinental express had come to the fidd,
following the beam radio signals, and now it was cir-
cling the field with a small red-and-white flag flying,
the automatic signal for an emergency pilot. They were
worried, and with good reason, for on this express a
large shipment of negotiable securities was being sent.

229
230

AMAZING STORIES

There were nearly nine hundred thousand dollars’ worth
of bonds. But what could attack one of those giant
ships. It would take, a small army to overcome the
crew of seventy and the three thousand passengers!

  The great ship was landing gently now; the long
series of broad rollers on its keel touching the ground
evenly; its tremendous weight distributed over a great
area, lest it sink into the springy, rubber-faced landing
surface.

  The small field car ran over to the great plane rapidly.
Already the elevator was in place beside it, and as
the officials in the car drew up under the giant wing
they could see the tiny figure of the emergency pilot
beckoning to them. Quickly they entered the portable
elevator and were carried rapidly up to the fourth level
of the ship.

  What a sight met their eyes as they entered the
main salon of the giant plane! All the passengers lay
sleeping in their chairs, but on closer examination it
bccame evident that they were, not breathing. The ear
could detect no heart-beat. The members of the crew
lay at their posts, as inert as the passengers! The
assistant pilot lay on the floor beside the instrument
panel—he had apparently been watching the record of
the flight. But there was no conscious man on board!

  “Dead! Over three thousand people! It seems im-
possible—how could they have done it? Gas, I sup-
pose, drawn in through the ventilator pumps and
distributed to all the compartments of the ship. But
I can not conceive of any man being willing to kill three
thousand people for a mere million!

  “Did you call a doctor by radio, Pilot?” The field
manager was greatly depressed.

  “Yes, sir. He is on his way. There is his car now.”

  "Of course they will have opened the safe—but let
us see how it was done. I can only think some mad-
man has done this—no sane man would be willing to
take so many lives for so little.’’ Wearily the men
descended the stairs to the mail room in the hold.

  The door was closed, but the lock of the door was
gone, apparently the magnesium-berylium alloy had been
burned away. They opened the door and entered. The
room seemed in perfect order. The guard was asleep
in the steel guard chamber at one side, it seemed from
the doorway; the thick, bullet-proof glass made his
outlines a little blurred, and the color of his face was
green—but they knew there too must be that same white
pallor they had seen on the faces of the passengers and
crcw. The delicate instruments had brought in the
great ship perfectly, but it was freighted with a cargo
of dead! They entered the room further, and pro-
ceeded to the safe, hut it was opened as they had ex-
pected, the six-inch tungsto-iridium wall had been melted
through. To the worried and depressed men this did
not bring the surprise it ordinarily would have. They
only glanced at the metal, still too hot to touch, and
looked about the room. The bonds had been taken.
But now they noticed that over the mail-clerk’s desk
there had been fastened a small envelope. On it was
printed:

To the Officials of the San Fkancisco Airport

  Inside was a short message, printed in the same sharp,
black letters:

 To the Officials of the San Francisco Airport

    This plane should land safely. If it doesn’t,
 it is your fault, not mine, for the instruments
 that it carries should permit it. The passen-
 gers are NOT dead! They have been put in
 a temporary state of suspended animation.
 Any doctor can readily revive them by the in-
 jection of seven c.e. of deci-normal potassium
 iodide solution for every 100 pounds of weight.
 Do Not Use Higher Concentrations. Lower
 concentrations will act more slowly.

    You will find that any tendency toward lep-
 rosy or cancer will have been destroyed. It
 will kill any existing cancer, and cure it in
 about one week. I have not experimented with
 leprosy beyond knowing that it is cured very
 quickly.

   This is an outside job. Don’t bother the
 people in the car.

    The gas used cannot be stopped by any ma-
 terial I know of. You can try it with any
 mask—but don’t use the G-32L. It will react
 with the gas to produce a permanent suspen-
 sion of animation. I would advise that you
 try it on an animal to convince yourselves.

    I have left stock in my new company to re-
 place the bonds I have taken.

    Piracy Incorporated is incorporated under
 my own laws.

                               The Pirate.

 On the desk beneath the note was a small package
 which contained a number of stock certificates. They
 totalled $900,000, listed apparently as “Piracy Pre-
 ferred,” the stock of the new corporation, “Piracy, Inc.”
 “Piracy! Pirates in the air! In 2126 we have a
 pirate attacking our air lines. But thank God he did
 not kill all those people. ‘Piracy Preferred.’ Well, I
 think I would prefer the bonds myself. But if the Air
 Guard can’t catch that fellow, I’m going to buy up his
 stock. From present appearances it looks to me as if it
 would pay big dividends! Ah, Doctor, you look wor-
 ried ! No wonder! But cheer up. If what this pirate
 says is true, we can resuscitate them, and they will be
 better off for the experience!”

 “I am afraid that you will never be able to bring
 those men back to life again, sir. I can’t detcct any
 heart action even with the amplifier. Ordinary heart
 action sounds like a cataract through this instrument.
 I can see nothing wrong with the. blood; it has not
 coagulated as I cxpccted, nor is there any pronounced
 hydrolysis as yet. But I am afraid I will have to write
 out the death warrants for all those men and women.
 One of the people on that ship was coming to see me.
 That is how I happened to be on the field. Perhaps
 it is better so. That poor woman was suffering from
 an incurable canccr.”

 “In this case, Doctor, I hope and believe you are
 wrong. Read this note!”

 IT was two hours before the work of reviving the
 passengers could be begun. Despite all the laws of
 physics, their body temperature had remained constant
 after it reached seventy-four, showing that some form
 of very slow metabolism was going on. As they were
 one by one put into the large electric blankets, and each
 given the correct dose of the salt, the men waited anx-
 iously for results—and within ten minutes of the injec-
 tion the first had regained consciousness 1
PIRACY PREFERRED

231

  The work went forward steadily and successfully.
Every one of the passengers and crew was revived. And
the Pirate had spoken the truth. The woman who had
been suffering from cancer, was free from pain for the
first time in many months. She was cured!

  The papers were issuing extras within five minutes
of the time the great plane was landed, and the radio
news service was broadcasting the first “break” in a par-
ticularly dead month. All this June the news had been
dead, and now it looked as though the month of Sol
was going to begin with a bang! And now with time
to think and investigate, the airport officials went over
the ship with the Air Guard, using a fine-tooth comb.
It was soon evident that the job had been done from
the outside, as the Pirate had said it was. The emergency
pilot testified that when he entered, he found a small
piecc of wire securing the air lode from the outside.
This had certainly been put on while the ship was in
flight, and that meant that whoever had done this, had
landed on the great ship with a small plane, anchored it
in some way, then entered the plane through the air
lock at the ten-mile height. That required that he
should wear a suit to protect him both from the intense
cold and from the low pressure. He had probably flown
across the path of the plane with his plane, leaving a
trail of the gas in its way to be drawn in through the
ventilator pumps. It had been washed out by the in-
coming good air later, for the officials had not been
affected; nor had the emergency pilot been acted on when
he entered.

  Now the investigation led them to the mail-room.
The door had been opened by melting or burning out the
lock. The heat of the combustion of the magnesium
was enough for that, but the berylium and special anti-
combustion catalyst made this very difficult. But now
they realized the truly amazing fact: the safe had been
opened by melting it through. There was practically
no oxidation of the cut itself, but the metal near by,
which had been incandescent no doubt, was coated with
a thin layer of tungsten oxide. The iridium content
really prevented oxidation, and with a melting point of
3500 degrees centigrade it meant that the Pirate must
have an entirely new torch. This would be as great
a boon to the metallurgical industries as the cancer curc
would be to the medical. It had been impossible to weld
the valuable tungsten alloys they had prepared, and so
they were useless. If they could only be worked, their
ability to stand high temperatures would make them
invaluable.

  A bond shipment was due the next day, and so
they svould lie on the watch for it. It would get through
safely, for men were put on board in steel tanks hermeti-
cally welded behind them, with oxygen tanks sealed
within to supply them with clean air. Automatic ap-
paratus was arranged to keep them supplied with the
correct amount of oxygen without effort on their part.
The waste gases were collected by alkali, a small elec-
trically driven pump taking care that the flow was
maintained. The front of the tank was equipped with
a bullet-proof glass window, arid by means of electrically
operated controls the man inside could control a ma-
chine-gun. Thus he was perfectly protected from the
Pirate’s gas and able to use his gun.

  The ship was accompanied by a patrol of Air Guards-
men. Yet, several cancer cases were going with the
hope of being gassed.

  It seemed that the Pirate's "patients” were due to be
disappointed, ihough, for he certainly could not attack
while the plane was under the protection of a patrol of
Air Guardsmen; besides which, the men inside were
protected by the steel tanks.

  When the plane readied the neighborhood of San
Francisco the Air Guardsmen were disappointed, for
there had been no sign of an attack on the plane. The
Pirate might well retire permanently on a million, if he
were alone, as the singular signature would indicate;
hut it seemed doubtful and it was much more probable
that he would attempt another attack in any case. Well,
that just meant watching all the planes from now on.
That was a tremendous job for the Air Guard to handle!
There was a vast network of plane lines! The leader
of the patrol turned in an easy bank to descend the ten
miles to earth, and his planes followed him. Then out
of the corner of his eye he saw a flash of red and
while on the silvery surface of the giant plane. The
Plane was Giving the Automatic Signal fok an
Emergency Pilot ! That could only mean that the plane
had been gassed under the very eyes of his men!

  The bonds were gone and the passengers gassed, but
incredible as it was, the men aboard in the steel tanks
were as thoroughly gassed as the rest! The note was
brief, but as much to the point as was the absence of
the bonds.

       To the Officials of the Airport
  Restore as usual. The men in die tanks are
  asleep also—I said this gas would penetrate
  any material. It does. A mask obviously won’t
  do any good, as the gas will permeate the skin.
  Don’t try that C-32L mask. I warn you it will
  be fatal. My gas reacts to produce a poison-
  ous substance when in contact with the chemi-
  cals used.

                               The Pirate.

ON the thirty-ninth floor of a large New York
apartment two young men were lounging about
after a strenuous game of tennis. The. bine curls of
smoke from their pipes rose slowly, to be drawn away
by the efficient ventilating system. The taller of the
two seemed to be doing most of the talking. In the
positions they had assumed it would have been rather
difficult to be sure of which was the taller, but William
Morey was a good four inches taller than Richard
Arcot. Arcot had to suffer under the stigma of “runt”
with Morey around—he was only six feet tall. But die
chosen occupation of each was physical research, and
in that Arcot could well have called Morey “runt,” for
Arcot had only one competitor in that field—namely,
his father. In this case it had been “like father, like
son.” For many years Robert Arcot had been known
as the greatest American physicist, and probably the
world’s greatest. More recently he had been known as
the father of the world’s greatest physicist. Arcot junior
was probably one of the most brilliant men the world
had ever seen, and he was aided in all his work by two
men who could help him in a way that amplified his
powers a thousand fold. His father and his best friend,
Morey, were the complementary and balancing minds to
his great intelligence. His father had learned through
years of work the easiest and best ways of performing
the many difficult feats of laboratory experimentation.
Morey had a mind that could develop the mathematical
232

AMAZING STORIES

theory of a hypothesis far more readily than Arcot
could. Morey had a mind more methodical and exact
than Arcot, hut Arcot had a mind that could grasp
the broad details of a problem and get the general
method of solution developed with a speed that made
it utterly impossible for his friend to even follow the
steps he suggested.

  Since Arcot junior’s invention of the multiple calculus,
many new ramifications of the old theories had been
attained, and many developments had been possible.

  But the factor that made Arcot most successful in
his line of work was his ability to see practical uses
for things, an ability that is unfortunately lacking in so
many great physicists. Had he collected the royalties
his inventions merited, he would have been a billionaire
twice or thrice over. Instead he had made contracts
on the basis that the laboratories he owned be kept
in condition, and that he be paid a salary that should
be whatever he happened to need. Since he had sold
all his inventions to The Transcontinental Airways, he
had been able to devote all his time to science, leaving
them to manage his finances. Perhaps it was the fact
that he did sell these inventions to the Transcontinental
that made these lines so successful, but at any rate Presi-
dent Arthur Morey was duly grateful, and when his
sou was able to enter the laboratories he was as de-
lighted as Arcot.

  Now these two were boon companions. They worked,
played, lived and thought together.

  Just now they were talking about the Pirate. This
was the seventh day of his discovery, and he had been
growing steadily more menacing. It was the great Trans-
continental Airways that had suffered most repeatedly.
Sometimes it was the San Francisco Flyer that went
on without a pilot, sometimes the New York-St. Louis
expresses that would come over the field flying the
red-and-white flag of emergency. But always the
people were revived with little difficulty, and each time
more of the stock of “Piracy, Inc.” was accumulated.
The Air Guard seemed helpless. Time and again the
Pirate slipped in without their knowing it. Each time
he convinced them that it was an outside worker, for
the door was always sealed.

  “Dick, how do you suppose he gets away with the
things he does right under the eyes of those Air Guards-
men? He must have some system; he does it every
time.”

  “I have a very vague idea. I was going to ask you
today, ii your father would let us take passage on the
next liner carrying any money. I understand the in-
surance rates have been boosted so high that they don’t
dare to send any cash by air any more. They have
resorted to the slow land routes. T guess they pay for it,
though, in the loss of interest, while the money is out of
circulation. Is there any money shipment in sight?”

  “No, but I have something that is just as good, if
not better, for our purpose. The other day several
men came into Dad’s office, to charter a plane to carry
them to San Francisco, and Dad naturally wondered
why it was they had been referred to the president of
the company. It seemed to him to be a job for a clerk.
It seems the difficulty was that these men wanted to hire
the ship so they could be robbed! A large group of
medical men and cancer victims were going for the
‘treatments.’ Each one of the twenty-five hundred go-
ing was to bring along one hundred dollars. That meant

a total of a quarter of a million dollars, which is to be left
on the table. They hoped the Pirate would gas them
and thus cure them! Dad could not officially do this,
but told them that if there were too many people for
the San Francisco express, two sections would be neces-
sary. So I believe that they are going on that second
section. Only one hundred dollars! It seems a very
cheap cure for cancer at that!

  “Another thing: Dad asked me to tell you that he
would appreciate your help in stopping this ultra-modern
pirate. So if you go down and sec him in the morn-
ing, you will doubtless be able to make the necessary
arrangements.”

  “I will do so gladly. I wonder, though, if you know
more about this than I do. Did they try that C-32L
mask on any animal?”

  “The Pirate was telling the truth. They tried it on
a dog and he went to sleep forever. But do you have
any idea how that gas does ail it does?”

  “I don’t know what that gas is, but I can tell you
some tilings that you may not know. Did you know,
for instance, that carbon monoxide will seep through a
solid plate of red-hot steel? That has been known for
some three hundred years now, and I have to hand it
to this Pirate for making use of it. Even in the war
of 2075 they didn't think .of it! He has just found
some gas that has these sleep-producing properties in
very low concentrations, and at the same time is able
to penetrate to an even greater extent than carbon
monoxide. It is just an amplification of known
properties.”

  “I was wondering how he stores that stuff. It re-
minds me of the old farmer and his smart son who had
almost discovered the Universal Solvent.

  “ ‘Well son,’ said the old farmer, ‘I suppose it’ll be
a durned good thing ta have, but what you going to
keep it in?’ Similarly, if this gas leaks through every-
thing, what are you going to keep iL in? I wonder if
he doesn’t make it as fast as he uses it, by allowing
the two constituents to react? It might well be simple
enough to store them separately, and the airstream blow-
ing past him would carry the gas behind him, so per-
mitting him to lay a stream of it in front of the. big plane.
Is that about it?”

  “That was about what I had figured. One of the
things I want to do when I go with that Invalid Special
tomorrow is to get some samples for analyses.”

  “Whew, that’s a pretty big order, isn’t it, Dick?
How are you going to handle it, or even get it into your
apparatus ?”

  “Easily enough as far as getting the sample goes.
I have already had some sample bottles made. I have
one of them in the lab—excuse me a moment." Arcot
left the room, to return a few minutes later with a large
aluminum bottle. ‘'This bottle has been pumped out
to a very good vacuum. I then swept it out with helium
gas. Then it was pumped out again. I hope to take
this into some gas-filled region, where the gas will be
able to leak in, but the air won’t. When it comes to
going out again, the gas will have to fight air pressure,
and will probably stay in. I cannot hope to find its mo-
lecular weight by any normal means. Probably the Pirate
doesn’t know it—hut I will be able to get a known
weight of the sample, the weight being the difference
between the weight before and after the gas attack. That
is why I used helium in sweeping the bottle out. It
PIRACY PREFERRED

233

will not be in the compound, that is certain. It is ab-
solutely impossible for it to combine. It will weigh
very little and won’t offset my readings, and won’t react
with the gas itself. I can’t hope to learn much that
will be very useful, for the organic tables are so blamed
complex, that a mere empirical formula won’t mean a
thing. C.H„0 is the formula for ethyl alcohol—or it’s
the formula for methyl ether. It may be a single,
double or triple bonded compound—but I can't tell. I
will be able to get the empirical formula, though, for
any organic compound is apt to decompose easily, and
I will just heat my cylinder in a furnace till the gas
is broken down, then it will be easy to analyze the
residue.”

  “I am not a chemist! You know that, but I know
that the amount of gas you will get in that bottle will
not weigh as much as a gram. Now how do you
intend to analyze that?”

  “They have been making analysis runs on such small
amounts of compounds that they had to use powerful
lenses in watching the reactions! Two hundred years
ago an Austrian developed micro-analysis. Remember
that in organic chemistry it is frequently necessary to
make an analysis of some substance that has been de-
rived only after many long months of hard work. Fre-
quently the entire sample will weigh not more than a
hundredth of a gram. The chemist must run at least
three or four analyses on that. He had to work with
pinhead amounts! It will be no great amount of labor
for Jackson to work it out. It will probably irritate
his chemist’s soul to make an analysis and have to
stop at the empirical formula, but I don’t see how he
can do any more!”

  “Beautiful scheme! I hope you can find out some-
thing about it!”

THE next morning saw Arcot in President Morey’s
private office, having a long conference with him.
At the end of it, he left the office, ascended to the
roof, and climbed into his small helicopter, rose to the
local traffic level, and waiting his chance, broke into the
traffic bound for the great airfields over in the Jersey
district. A few minutes later he landed on the roof
of the Transcontinental Airways shops, entered them,
and went to the office of the Designing Engineer, John
Fuller, an old schoolmate. They had been able to help
each other before, for Fuller had not paid as much at-
tention to theoretical physics as he might have, and
though he was probably one of the outstanding aero-
nautical designers, he often consulted Arcot on the few
theoretical details that he needed. Probably it was
Arcot who derived the greatest benefit from this asso-
ciation, for the ability of. the designer had many times
brought his theoretical successes to practical commercial
production. Now, however, he was consulting Fuller,
because the plane he was to take that afternoon for
San Francisco was to be slightly changed for him.

  He stayed in Fuller's office for the better part of
an hour, then returned to the roof and thence to his
own roof, where Morey junior was waiting for him.

  “Hello Dick! I heard from Dad that you were
going this afternoon, and came over here. I got your
note and I have the tilings fixed up here. The plane
leaves at one, and it is ten-thirty now. Let's eat lunch
or its equivalent, and then start. Dad asked me to
see how good that engineer on this plane is at explain-

ing the stuff. You know the engineers are supposed
to be able to tell those visitors, who have passes, all
about it. I am going to try to get there early, and we
have passes—John Smith is yours and mine is Charles
Black. Let's see—we’ll be English.”

  It was half-past eleven when they reached the flying
field. They went directly to the private office which
had been assigned to them aboard. It was right next
to the mail-room, and through the wall between the
two a small hole had been cut. Directly beneath this
hole was a table, on which the two men now set up a
small moving-picture camera they had brought with
them.

  “How many of the gas sample bottles did you bring,
Bill?” asked Arcot.

  “Jackson had only four ready, so I brought those.
I think that will be enough from what he said. Have
we got that camera in place right now?”

  “Everything’s O. K. I believe. Let’s see your
engineer.”

  The chief engineer was lounging about in a large
chair in his cabin. The walls of the little metal room
were lined with meters and rheostat controls. He wished
they would get started. He was a little disgruntled at
present, his mates had been kidding him at the lunch
room—he was now “chief engineer of the Invalid’s Fly-
ing Wheel Chair”! He was rather glad to be gassed
on these trips. It made the trip even shorter. He
glanced up at the long rows of meters and smiled.
What did they spend all that money for? No one ever
paid any attention to those things except once in every
month, when the planes were run by the shop specialists;
then they checked things up, but the automatic devices
managed the whole thing anyway. His principal duty
lay in keeping his men at the engines, and inspecting
the apparatus occasionally. But if anything went
wrong—a plane had had trouble three years ago and
descended to the six-mile level before the engineer
had been able to get the machines working correctly
again. No hum—hullo—some visitors. Well, here
was a little diversion while he waited for the starting
signal. English they were.

  “President Morey sent us to see you. We are trying
to collect some material on American lines, and we
are touring your country. We would greatly appreciate
it if you would just tell us the story from the beginning.”
Hmmm, friends of the president himself—well-

  ‘TH be glad to help you all I can, Mr. Smith. What
would you like to see first?”

  “Well, I think we’d best see the engines first, if
possible.”

  “All right, sir. I guess we can go down to the main
engine room in the nose of the ship. This is the Chief
Engineer’s control room. That board there represents
the main engine. It covers most of that side of the
room; there are most of the controlling relays for
starting and running it. The engines are really run
by the control mechanisms. You know those were begun
over two hundred years ago, and through that time they
have passed through all the stages. First they were
indicators, watched by men who then acted on their
information. Then about that time relays were de-
veloped to control the action of the big planes that de-
veloped. The first of these was the DO-X, the one
they have in the National Teutonic Museum. They got
so big one man couldn’t handle them, and then the
234

AMAZING

STORIES

relays took over the job. By that time the instruments
had become more accurate, and they just hooked the
relays directly to the instruments.

  Now we have these ships. Each airline has a radio
beam station at each end, and several scattered along
the way. These direct the instruments which control the
direction of the ship. The height is controlled by the
radio reflection altimeter. This gives us ground height,
the altitude from the ground itself, not from sea level—
it makes it possible for these big planes to land them-
selves automatically. The plane will no doubt be gassed,
as you probably know, and it will then continue its way
controlled automatically. Freight lines frequently op-
erate that way during rush periods. No pilot goes on
them, and no crew. There is a landing beacon that
projects a radio wave from the exact center of the
field. The plane heads for this, then lands gently.
A fall of a foot or so is easily taken care of by the
shock absorbers.

  '‘You noticed the roller landing gear? That has
not been adopted widely abroad as yet, but it makes
for easier landings. The weight of the ship is dis-
tributed over much greater area, and it does away with
a tremendous amount of head resistance. These rollers
have been nearly completely countersunk, and wheels
cannot be.

  “Here is the main engine room. That engine there
develops about 25,000 horsepower. There are two
smaller engines, one on each side, out in the wings.
These develop only about 15,000 apiece. These are
the usual American type engine, the Arcot coal engine,
patterned after the old Diesel engine. They were de-
veloped by Arcot senior about fifty years ago, and have
been little improved since, though young Arcot has
added a new type of vibration damper. They burn
powdered coal, by the compression ignition method.
Coal is powdered to an exceedingly fine dust and blown
into the cylinders, where the up-stroke compresses the
air to about 1,500 pounds to the square inch. The
fuel is burned with about thirty-nine percent efficiency,
as compared to the old di-phenyl-oxide vapour turbines
which developed about ten per cent at best. The fuel is
solid, and easily handled, and further, there is no fire
risk.

  “The engines have sixteen cylinders of rather small
size, for it was found that small cylinders with great
pressures and several in number gave higher efficiency
and less vibration than fewer large ones. The big
mechanism up there reduces the speed of the engine
shaft to a speed that can be used on the props. The
main prop is forty feet sweep, the two others are each
thirty feet.

  “When the oil supplies gave out in 2060-80, the
engineers were mighty hard pressed. Fuel they had in
the form of coal. For many years the problem had
been staring them in the face, and they had really
solved it. Of course there still remained the oil shales,
but they could not be worked economically because of
the cost of extracting the oil. It was cheaper to import
the lubricants they had to have. These they tried to eke
out with copious amounts of graphite, and re-refining.
Then about 2070 some genius, many claim the honor,
got the very sensible idea that it was time they started
raising their own oil. Now, as we fly over western
Kansas, you will see vast fields of green plants. From
there, clear across the country, the green will continue.

They are the gigantic plantations where our oil and
most of our fuel is grown. The cornstalks are used as
fuel and a dozen other things by fermentation by par-
ticular bacterial ferments. Alcohol is the usual product,
but many others can be obtained. Further west, the
staple crop is castor oil beans. That is the source of
our lubricating oil. Some man dug the secret out of
some century and a half-old book, for in the days of
the development of the automobile it was found that the
petroleum was not good enough at that time, to use in
the expensive racers, and they used castor oil, which did
not trouble them by dissolving the gasoline. That big
tank up there is the main supply. It is loaded with
synthetic graphite also, for even that needs a little thin-
ning to go round. Our fields aren’t big enough yet. The
castor oil bean plant is one of the necessities of this
country. It supplies our oil, and it helps supply our
alcohol. Of course, wc do use hydrogenated coal to a
slight extent still, but the main fuel is alcohol. How
do you manage in England? You do not have enough
area for castor oil production, and not enough coal left.”

ARCOT and Morey had not been prepared for this,
but Morey happened to be up oil those facts at
present from a recent trip to European cities.

  “Why, we arc using methyl alcohol as our fuel. Your
ethyl alcohol used commercially can be prepared by fer-
mentation with your great area, but we have been forced
rather to extremes. As you know, we are now synthesiz-
ing the staple items of our food directly. Our coal t<x>
is nearly exhausted and we are beginning to wonder if
the old idea that Englishmen had was so good. You
know we used to sell our coal by the millions of tons to
ships every year. Now we need it badly. We have been
forced to use our great deposits of limestone and other
carbonates as our source of carton. The usual practice
is to electrolyse sea water for the chlorine and the sodium
as well as the hydrogen. The II and the Cl are burned
together to give the acid. This is used to treat limestone
to produce the COL. needed in industry, the heat of the
reaction producing CO= by the direct decomposition of
the limestone. The calcium chloride is now a very
important by-product, while the COs thus obtained is
used to produce the necessary foods and fuels. The
usual system is to treat it with hydrogen gas and produce
methyl alcohol. This is then synthesized up to sugars
and other simple foods. The power we use comes
directly from the sea by the process of using the differ-
ence in temperature of the sea water at great depths and
on the surface. The power stations have been built all
along the coast now, and great transmission lines reach
inland to supply the cities writh pow-er.

  “There are no chimneys in England today. The
newest process looks as if it had great promise; it is
simpler than the old methods, and uses far less energy.
They pass air through a liquid under great pressure, and
in this way absorb the C02 content of the air. The thing
becomes most interesting to look on in the whole! The
energy comes from the sun. it is used to stabilize carbo-
liydrogen compounds, the carbon coming from the air as
CO,, and the hydrogen from water. The resultant foods
are used by the developers of the machine, and we haw
at last gotten back to the model the plant offered millions
of years ago 1 This time, with the sun as our source of
energy, we don’t have to worry about running out of
fuelV’
PIRACY PREFERRED

235

  “In this country, Mr. Black, wc have been forced to
■use our coal very sparingly for all but absolutely essen-
tial industries. We need it for metallurgical processes.
What do you use?”

  “That was one of our big problems. We now find it
necessary to get most of our metals electrolytically, the
power being generated, as I state, from the sea. It is
cheap, and our costs are not so much greater than yours,
and our supply of power will last forever. The only
trouble is that the metals are showing signs of exhaustion.
As you know, we now have to import practically all our
metals except iron, but even that shows signs of giving-
out. France is in a like condition, her coal and iron are
nearly gone, and even Germany is feeling the stress pretty
badly. Russia and Siberia, with their vast area, have
little to worry about. They are still producing oil in
plentiful amounts. Their platinum alone seems to be
exhausted. But the day will come! I wonder what we
will do when there is no more high-grade iron ore ?”
“Let's not think about that. It probably won’t come
in our day."

  “Probably not; still, there is the question.”

  While the men had been talking, the great landing field
had been gradually dotted with people moving over
toward the great ship. It would start now in about
twenty minutes. The engineer suggested that they go
upstairs and watch things from the pilot's room.

  “See the big tubes on top of the roof of the station
there? Those are the radio beacon generator tubes.
They, and others like them in San Francisco, will be
directing the ship as she flies along her route, ten miles
up. As iu the European lines, we fly at about ten miles,
thus avoiding any danger of mountains, cutting down
air resistance, and increasing the Safety factor of landing.
With the main engine alone going, we can reach San
Francisco from New York once we get altitude. With
none of the engines going we can always glide to one
of the big cities, for a safe landing. So great is the area
of gliding range that there is 110 place on all earth
where we would not be within reach of a safe landing.
There is no danger of the engines failing anyway, so
we really don’t have to worry. .Should they have a
breakdown after the pilot and the crew have been gassed,
the instruments will cut them out automatically lest they
wreck the ship, and then it will make a safe automatic
landing at any nearby city, by picking up the strongest
of the local guide beacons. Usually, if there is any emer-
gency, the pilot sits back and just lets the machines handle
it. They never make a mistake, as lorig as they are
working. When they stop working, the pilot takes charge.
But they have never been known to stop working. That
large case over there conceals a big battery of constantly
charged storage cells that operate the instruments. We
do not take any chances on power failure.

  “See—they are getting ready to take-off. They will
close the air doors soon. I must go back to my office,
but you can stay here and talk to the pilot—he won't
have anything to do anyway!”

  “No, I won’t, Chief, but that will be because the pilot’s
had sense enough to invent machines to make life easy!”
returned the pilot. “But -I will be glad to help you gen-
tlemen if I can. There—hear that whir—now it has
almost gone. They started the ventilator machinery.
That will draw air in from outside, and pump it up to
the necessary pressure for breathing in the ship, no
matter what the external pressure is. There is a much

bigger pump attached similarly to each of the engines
to supply it with the necessary oxygen. You would think
that this would take a lot of the power from the engines,
but any loss in pumping the air in is made up by the lower
back pressure on the exhaust. Now the engines are
starting—feel the momentary vibration—then it goes as
they get under way. The props haven’t been thrown in
gear as yet. The air-tight door is closed now; the port-
able elevator is backing off, going back toward the field
house. I don’t think it is particularly portable! But,
then, one wouldn’t say a tiling like this machine looked
very capable of flight while it is on the ground, yet in
the low resistance air, ten miles up, we will make over
six hundred at times. Well, it’s one now, and the start-
ing signal is due. I am afraid I must be excused now.”

  Arcot and Morey returned to their room, convinced
that both pilot and engineer were intelligent and
courteous.

  “Well, now we have a nice long wait till we get to
San Francisco and hack, Dick, but you will have some-
thing to tell then!”

  “I hope so, Bill, and I hope that as soon as we get
there, we can get ready to take the midnight plane from
San Francisco, which will get us in at nine o’clock to-
morrow morning, New York time. I wish you would go
right to your father’s office and ask him over to our
place for supper, and see if Fuller can come too. I.
think we will be able to use that molecular controller on
this job; it is almost finished, and with it we will need
a good designing engineer. Then our little movie show
will 110 doubt be of interest!”

THERE was a low rumble that quickly mounted to a
staccato roar as the great propellers began whirling
and the engines took up the load. The ground began to
flash behind them; the giant plane was waddling awk-
wardly across the surface, like a great duck, then sud-
denly, as flying speed was reached, there was a slight
start, the roaring bark of the engine took on a deeper
tone, the rocking stopped and the ground was dropping
away. Like some mighty wild duck, the plane was in
the air, a graceful, sentient thing, wheeling in a great
circle as it headed back for San Francisco, for the wind
had been from the east when the ship took off. Now the
plane was climbing steadily in a long bank; up, up, up
she went, and gradually the terrific roar of the engine
died to a low throbbing hum as the low pressure of the
air silenced the noise, a sound proof vacuum was around
them. Below them the giant city was contracting as the
great ship rode higher. The tiny private helicops were
darting about below them like streams of nigh invisible
individuals, creeping black lines among buildings of the
cities. The towering buildings shone in the noon sun in
riotous hues as the colored tile facing reflected the bril-
liant sunlight with glowing warmth of color.

  It was a city of indescribable beauty now. It was one
of the things that made this trip so worth-while.

  Now the shining city was dropping behind them, and
only the soft green of the Jersey hills, and the deep
purple-black of the sky above surrounded them. The
sun was blazing high in the nigh-black heavens, and the
rarefied air gave such slight diffusion effect, that the
corona was readily visible with the aid of a .smoked
glass. Around the sun, long banners in space, the Zodi-
acal light gleamed dimly. Here and there some of the
brighter stars gleamed in the dark sky.
236

AMAZING

STORIES

  Below them the landscape was swinging slowly by.
Even to these men who had made the trip dozens of
times, the sight was one to inspire, and hold one’s atten-
tion. it was such a thing as had never been visible
before the development of these super-planes. Whole
flying observatories had been made that had taken photo-
graphs at heights of fiiteen miles, where the air was so
rarefied that the plane had to travel close to eight hun-
dred miles an hour to stay up. Giant power was needed
to maintain this speed, and only on rare occasions were
the machines taken so high, bul the flexibility allowed
far better observation of solar eclipses than had ever
been possible, for but once in a century would an eclipse
occur in the region of a large observatory'.

  Already ahead of them Arcot and Morey could see
the great splotch of color that was Chicago, the mightiest
city of the Earth. Situated as it was in die heart of the
North American continent, with great water and ground
landing facilities and broad plains about it, it made a
perfect air-port, and the sea no longer meant much, for
it was now only a source of power, recreation and food.
Ships were no longer needed. Planes were faster, and
the air resistance being so much less, it was more econom-
ical also. With its already great start toward ascendancy,
Chicago had rapidly forged ahead, as the air lines devel-
oped with the great super-planes. The Euro]>ean planes
docked here, and it was the starting point oi the South
American lines. But now, as they swung high above
it, the glistening walls of soft-colored tiles made it a
great mass of clumging, flashing color beneath them. As
they passed they could see a great air’liner, twice the
size of their plane, taking off for Japan, its five giant
propellers visible only as flashing blurs as it climbed up
toward them. Then it was out oi sight.

  It was over the green plains of Nebraska that the
Pirate worked, so there the men became more and more
alert, waiting for the first sign of abnormal sleepiness.
The tenseness made them yawn, and each immediately
wanted to start the camera lest they miss the raider.
They soon realized, however, that it was only their
nervousness that made them yawn so. They sat quietly,
not talking; listening intently for some new note, but
knowing all the while that any sound the Pirate might
make would be more than drowned out in the whirring
roar of the air sweeping past the giant airfoils of the
plane.

  It was Arcot who first began to feel sleepy, and soon
he decided that it was not imagination. He glanced
sleepily toward Bill, who was already lying down. He
found it a tremendous effort of the will to make himself
reach up and close the switch that started the little
camera whirring almost noiselessly. It seemed he never
pulled his arm back—he just—lay there—and-

  A white uniformed man was bending over him as he
opened his eyes. To one side of him he saw Morey
smiling down at him.

  “You’re a fine guard, Arcot. T thought you were
going to stay awake and watch them!”

  “Oh, no, I left a much more efficient watchman! It
didn't go to sleep—I am willing to bet!”

  “No, iL may not have gone to sleep, but the doctor
here tells me it has gone somewhere else. It wasn’t
found in our room when we woke up. I think the pirate
found it and confiscated it. All our luggage, including
the gas sample bottles is gone.”

  “That is all right. I arranged for that. The ship

was brought down by an emergency pilot and Fuller
had him fixed for me. He took care of the luggage so
that no member of the pirate’s gang could steal it.
There might have been some of them in the ground crew.
They will be turned over to us as soon as we see the
emergency man. I don’t have to lie here any longer, do
I, doctor?”

  “i\o, Dr. Arcot, you’re all right now. I would suggest
that for the next hour or so you take it easy to let your
heart get used to beating again. It stopped for some
two hours, you know. It is hard to change a habit of
some twenty-five or six years, but once changed, it is
hard to change back. You will be all right, though.”

  Five men were sitting about the table, discussing the
results oi the last raid, in particular as related to Arcot
and Morey. Fuller, and President Morey, as well as
Dr. Arcot, senior, and the two young men, were there.
They had consistently refused to tell what their trip had
revealed, saying that piclures would speak better than
they could. So now the men adjourned to the library
where a small motion picture projector had been set up.
As the)r seated themselves in the darkened room, Arcot
set up the small screen, then returned to the projector
and started it. At once they were looking at the three
dimensional image of the rnail-room aboard the air liner.

  “I have cut out a lot of useless film, and confincd the
picture to essentials. We will now watch the pirate at
work.”

  Even as he spoke they saw the door of the mail-room
open a bit, and then, to their intense surprise, it remained
open for a few seconds, then closed. It went through all
the motions of opening Lo admit someone, yet no nna en-
tered I”

  “Your demonstration doesn’t seem to show much yet,
son. In fact, it shows much less than I had expected,”
said the senior Arcot. “But that door seems to open
easily. I thought they locked them!”

  “They did, bnt the Pirate just burned holes in it, so to
save expense, they don't anymore.”

NOW' the scene seemed to swing a bit as the plane
hit an unusually bad air bump, and through the
window they caught a glimpse of one of the circling Air
Guardsmen. There suddenly appeared in the air a bit
of flame. 11 hung in the air above the safe for an instant ;
described a strangely complicated set of curves; then, as
it hung for an instant in mid-air, it became a great flare.
In an instant it narrowed down to a little point of bril-
liant red flame. This described a complex series of
curves and touched the safe at the top. In an inconceiv-
ably short time the eight-inch thickness of tungsto-iri-
dium alloy was glowing incandescent and running around
molten; a large flare of the red flame sprang out to
surround the point of flame, and this blew the molten
metal to one side, a shower of brilliant sparks. It was
cutting the metal rapidly now, not burning it, but blowing
it to one side, perfectly fluid.

  Soon the torch had cut a large circular piece of metal
nearly free, and it would soon drop into the safe. Now
the torch left the safe, again retracting itself in that
uncanny manner, no force seeming either to supply it
with fuel or to support it thus, yet it burned steadily, and
worked rapidly and efficiently. No, in mid-air, it hung
for a second.

  “I’m going to work the projector for a few moments
by hand so that you may see this next bit of film.”
PIRACY PREFERRED

237

Arcot moved a small switch and the machine blinked,
giving a strange appearance to the seemingly solid images
that were thrown on the screen.

  The pictures seemed to show the flame slowly descend-
ing till it touched the metal again. Again the metal
glowed, then, as suddenly as the extinguishing of a light,
the safe was gone! It had disappeared into thin air!
Only the incandescence of the metal and the flame were
visible.

  “It seenis the pirate has solved the secret of invisi-
bility. No wonder the Air Guardsmen couldn’t And
him \” exclaimed Arcot, senior.

  The projector had been stopped exactly on the first
frame, showing the invisibility of the safe. Then Arcot
backed it up.

  “I think you are right, dad,” he said, “but notice this
next frame.”

  Now there appeared a picture of the room again, the
window beyond, the mail clerk asleep at his desk, every-
thing as before, except that in the place of the safe,
THERE WAS A SHADOWY, HALF VISIBLE SAFE, the metal
glowing brightly, and beside ,it there was visible a
shadowy man, holding the safe with a shadowy bar of
some sort. And through both of them the frame of the
window was perfectly visible, and, ironically, an Air
Guardsman.

  “It seems that for an instant his invisibility failed
here. Probably it was the contact with the safe that
caused it. What do you think, dad ?” asked Arcot, junior.

  “It docs seem reasonable. I can't see off-hand how
his invisibility is even theoretically possible. Have you
any ideas ?”

  “Well, dad, I have, but I want to wait till tomorrow
night to demonstrate them. Let’s adjourn this meeting,
if you can all come tomorrow.”

  The next evening, however, it seemed that it was
Arcot himself who could not be there. He had asked
Morey, junior, to tell them he would be there later, when
he had finished in the lab.

  Dinner was over now, and the men were waiting
rather impatiently for Arcot to come. They heard some
noise in the corridor, and looked up, but no one came.

  “Morey,” asked Fuller, "what did you learn about
that gas the pirate was using? I remember Arcot said
he would have some samples to analyze.”

  ‘As to the gas, Dick found out but little more than
we had already known. Tt is a typical organic com-
pound, one of the metal radical type, and contains one
atom of thorium. This is a bit radioactive, as you know,
and Dick thinks that this may account in part for its
ability to suspend animation. Thorium has a valence
of four, as have many o£ the semi-organic metal radicals.
It is thus able to replace carbon in some structures.
However, since it was impossible to determine the mole-
cular weight, he could not say what the gas was, save
that the empirical formula was CaaTh H,,,0 .rN-. You
can see it is a very complex molecule. It broke down at a
temperature of only 89° centigrade. The gases left
consisted largely of methane, nitrogen, and methyl ether.
Dick is still in the dark as to what the gas is. Look
over there!"

  The men turned with one accord toward the opposite
end of the room, looked, and seeing nothing particularly
unusual, glanced back rather puzzled. What they then
saw, or better, failed to see, puzzled them still more.
There was no doubt Morev could not be seen.

  “Why—why where—ohhhli! Quick work, Dick!”
The senior Arcot was laughing heartily, and as the aston-
ished and curious pair looked toward him, he stopped
and called out, “Come on, Dick! We want to see you
now. And tell us how it is done! 1 rather think Mr.
Morey here—T mean the visible one—is still a bit
puzzled.” There was a short laugh from the air—cer-
tainly there could be nothing else there—then a low but
distinct click, and both Morey and Arcot were miracu-
lously present, coming instantaneously from nowhere, if
one’s senses could be relied on. On Arcot’s back there
was strapped a large and rather hastily wired mechanism
—one long wire running from it and out into the labora-
tory. He was carrying a second piece of apparatus,
similarly wired. Morey was touching a short metal bar
that Arcot held extended in his hand, using a table knife
as a connector, lest they get radio frequency burns on
making contact.

  “I have been very busy getting the last connection of
this portable apparatus rigged up. I have the thing in
working order, as you see—or rather, didn’t see. This
other outfit here is the tiling that is more important to
us. It is a bit heavy, so if you will dear a space, I will
set it down. Look out for my power supply there—that
wire is carrying a rather dangerously high E.M.F. I
had to connect with the lab. power supply to do this,
as I had no time to rig up the beautiful little mechanism
the pirate must have.

  “I have duplicated his experiment. He has simply
made use of a principle known tor some time, but as
there was no need for it, they haven’t used it. It was
found back in the early days of radio, as early as the
first quarter of the twentieth century, that very short
wavelengths effected peculiar changes in metals. It was
shown that the plates of tubes working on very short
waves became nearly transparent. The waves were so
short, however, that they were economically useless.
They would not travel in usable paths, so they were
never developed. Furthermore, the apparatus developed
could not be made to handle them. In the last war they
tried to apply the idea for making airplanes invisible,
but they could not get their tubes to handle, the power
needed, so they had to drop it. However, with the tube
I recently got out on the market, it is possible to get
down there. I think our friend the pirate has developed
this thing to a point where he could use it. You can see
that invisibility, while interesting, and a good thing for a
stage and vaudeville, is not very much of a commercial
need. No one wants to be invisible in any honest occu-
pation. Invisibility is a tremendous weapon in war, so
the pirate just started a little private war, the only way
he could make any money on his invention. No one
wants it. People can’t use an invisible plane—they would
run too much risk of being crashed. If two oi the blamed
things were in the neighborhood, it could never be known
when one might run into the other.

  “His gas, too, made the tiling attractive. He had
probably discovered that before.”

“'TpHE whole thing looks to me to be the work of a

  A madman. He is not violently insane; probably just
has one particular obsession. His scientific bump cer-
tainly shows no sign of weakness. He might even be
some new type of kleptomaniac. He steals things, and
lie has already stolen far more than any man could ever
have any need of, and he leaves in its place a ‘stock’
233

AMAZING stories

certificate in bis own company. He is not violent, for
hasn’t he carefully warned, tlie men not to use the C-32L
mask ?

   “And his careful instructions as to how to revive the
people! He is insane in one branch only. But he has
developed this machine for invisibility, and naturally he
can fly in and out of the air guard, and they will never
know he’s there, provided their microphonic detectors
don’t locate him. But they have a mighty poor chance.

I believe that he uses some form of glider. He cannot
use an internal combustion engine, for the light of the
explosions in the cylinders would be as visible as though
the cylinders were made of clear fused quartz. He
cannot have an electric motor, for the storage of his
energy would be a weighty matter—the cells would
necessarily weigh too much. Furthermore, if he were
using any sort of prop, the noise of the air around it
would give him away. If he used a glider, the noise of
the great ship so near would be more than enough to kill
the slight sounds. The glider could hang above the ship,
then dive down iqion it as it passed beneath. He has a
very simple system of anchoring the tiling, as I dis-
covered to my sorrow. He has a powerful electro-magnet
and just turns that on when he lands. The landing deck
of the big plane was right above our office aboard, and I
found my watch was doing all sorts of antics today. It
lost an hour this morning, and this afternoon it gained
two. I found out it was very highly magnetized—I could
pick up needles with tlie balance wheel. I demagnetized
it; now it runs all right. I noticed you do the same thing
to yours later, Bill.”

   “I had to. It took me twenty-five minutes to walk two
blocks, according to my watch. The next two blocks I
did in a minute and forty-five seconds.”

   “But to get back, he anchors his ship, then, leaving it
invisible, he goes to the air lock, and enters. He wears a
high altitude suit, and on his back he has a portable
invisibility set and tlie fuel for his torch. The gas has
already put everyone to sleep, sp he goes into the ship,
still invisible, and melts open the safe.

  “His power supply for the invisibility machine seems
to be somewhat of a problem, but I think I would use a
cylinder of liquid :iir, and have a small air turbine to run
a high voltage generator. lie probably uses the same
system on a larger scale to run his big machine on the
ship. He can’t use an engine for that either.

  “Thai torch of his is interesting, too. We have had
atomic hydrogen welding for some time, and atomic
hydrogen releases some 100,000 calories per mole of
molecular hydrogen, two grams of gas give one hundred
thousand calories. Oxygen has not been prepared in
any commercial quantity in the atomic state. From
watching that man’s torch, from the color of the flame
and other indications, I gather that he uses a flame of
atomic oxygen-atomic hydrogen for melting, and sur-
rounds it with a preheating jacket of atomic hydrogen.
Since oxygen lias two valenccs instead of one, its heat
of formation is greater. The center flame probably de-
velops a temperature of some 4000° centigrade, and will
naturally make that tungsten alloy run like water. But
there has never been any commercial way of storing
atomic hydrogen; it has always required a big electrical
power supply, and expensive apparatus. Since this fel-
low was able to use it as a portable welding and cutting
tool he has a means of storing it. I rather believe he
dissolves it in some substance. Remember the difficulties

they had in storing acetylene? They could not store it
in the liquid state as it would often explode. They finally
solved the problem by dissolving it in acetone. I think
that the pirate has found some liquid that will store his
atomic hydrogen under slight pressure. That is tlie
only way he could produce the results he has. Now, as
to this machine here.

   “It is, as I said, a machine which impresses very high
frequencies on the body it is connected with. This puls
the molecules in vibration at a frequency approaching
that of light, and when the light impinges upon it, it
can pass through readily. You know that metals transmit
light for short distances, but in order that the light pass,
the molecules of metal must be set in harmonic vibration
at a rate approaching the frequency of light. If we can
impress such a vibration on a piece of matter it will then
transmit light very freely. If we impress this vibration
on the matter, say the body, electrically, we get the
same effect, and the body becomes perfectly transparent.
Now, since it is the vibration of the molecules that makes
the light pass through the material, it must be stopped if
we wish to see the machine. Obviously it is much easier
to detect me here among solid surroundings, than in the
plane high in the sky. What chance has one to detect a
machine that is perfectly transparent when there is noth-
ing but perfectly transparent air around it? It is a
curious property of this vibrational system of invisibility
that the index of refraction is made very low. It is not
the same as that of air, but the difference is so slight that
it is practically within the limits of observation error; so
small is the difference that there is no ‘rainbow’ effect.
The difference of temperature of the air would give
equal effect.

   “Now, since this vibration is induced by radio impulse,
is it not possible to impress another, opposing radio
impulse, that will overcome this tendency and bring the
invisible object into the field of the visible once more?
It is; and this machine on the table is designed to do
exactly that. It is practically a beam radio set, projecting
a beam of wavelength .09 meter, a wavelength that alone
would tend to produce invisibility, but in this case it
will make me visible. I am going to stand right here,
and Bill can operate that set.”

  Arcot strode to the middle of the room, and then
Morey turned the reflector of tlie beam set on him. There
was a low snap as Arcot turned on his set, then he was
gone, as suddenly as the coming of darkness when a lamp
is extinguished. He was there one moment, then they
were staring at the chair behind him, knowing that the
man was standing between them and it, knowing that
they were looking through his body. It gave one a
strange feeling, an uncomfortable tingling along the
spine. Then the voice—it seemed to come from the air,
or some disembodied ghost as the invisible man called
to Morey.

   “All right, Bill, turn her on slowly.”

THERE was another snap as the switch of the dis-
rupter beam was turned on. At once there was a
noticeable fogginess in the air where Arcot had been.
As more and more power was turned into the machine,
they saw the man materialize out of thin air. First he
was a mere shadowy outline that was never fully above
the level of conscious vision. Then slowly the outlines
of the objects behind became dimmer and dimmer, as
the body of the man was slowly darkened, till at last
PIRACY PREFERRED

239

 there was only a wavering aura about him. With
 a snap Morey shut off his machine and Arcot
 was gone again. A second snap and he was
 solid before them. He had shut off his
 apparatus Loo.

   “You can see now how we intend
 to locatc our invisible pirate. Of
 course we will depend on direc-
 tional radio disturbance lo-
 cating devices to deter-
 mine the direction for
 the invisibility dis-
 rupter ray. Rut you
 are probably
 marvelling at
 the great-
 ness of

the apparatus I am working on. It is very im-
portant that you be here, Fuller. I am going to
need you in the work to follow. It will be
another problem in design if this works
out, as I hope it will.”

            “I’ll certainly make every effort to
            be here, Arcot," Fuller assured
            him. “I can promise you a tough
            problem as well as an inter-
            esting one. If the thing
            works, as I expect it to,
            you will have a job
            that will certainly
            be a feather for
            your cap. Also
            it will be a
            change.”

the genius
who can de-
sign and con-
struct this ap-
paratus all in one
clay. I will explain
the miracle—I have
been working on short
wave phenomenon for some
time. In fact, I had actually
made an invisibility machine, as
Morey will testify, but I realized
that it had no commercial benefits, so
I did not experiment with it beyond the
laboratory stunt stage. I am still working
on a somewhat different piece of apparatus
that I believe we will find very relevant to this
business. I will ask you to adjourn after tonight’s
meeting for another twenty-four hours till I can finish

As more and more
power was turned
into the machine, they
saw the man mate-
rialize out of thin air.
240

AMAZING STORIES

  ‘Well, with that inducement, spoken by you. I will
certainly be here. But I think that pirate could give us
some hints on design. How does he get his glider ten
miles up? They have done some gliding already. The
distance record took someone across the Atlantic in 2009,
didn't it? I know they have about stopped, but it does
seem that ten miles straight up is a bit too steep for a
glider. There are no vertical air currents at that height.”
“I meant to say that his machine is not a true glider,
but a semi-glider. He probably goes up ten miles or
more with the aid of a small engine, one so small it
takes him all morning to get there probably. It is very
seldom anyone goes that high. O 5 course, there are some
who are trying the ceiling of their new machines, but
they are mighty few—it is too long drawn out a proce-
dure. It wouldn't pay for the big Transcontinental
planes to go that high, just the sheer power and work
done getting there would he prohibitive if they couldn’t
use it all on the last part of the flight by gliding. You
know that better than I do. And it would be easy for
a plane to pass through the lower traffic lanes, then, being
invisible, mount high and wait for the air liner. He
can't use a very large engine, for it would drag him
down, but a hundred horsepower or so would weigh only
about SO pounds if one of the new tungsto-iridium blade
turbine engines is used. I think we can draw a pretty
good picture of his plane from scientific logic. It prob-
ably has a tremendous wingspread and a very high angle
of incidence to make it possible to glide at that height,
and the engine and prop will be almost laughably small.”
The next evening the meeting was resumed, and there
was considerable questioning as to the nature of the
discovery that Arcot was going to announce, for even
his father did not know. The two men worked in sepa-
rate laboratories, except when either had a particularly
difficult problem that might be solved by the other. All
knew that the new development lay in the field of short
wave research of some sort, but they could not find out
in what way it concerned the problem in hand.

  At last the meal was over, and Arcot was ready to
demonstrate.

  “Dad, I believe that you have been trying to develop
a successful solar engine. One that could be placed in
the wings of a plane to generate power from the light
falling on that surface. In all solar engines, what is the
greatest problem to lie solved?”

  ‘■'Well, the more I investigate the thing, the more I
wonder which is the greatest. There are a surprising
number of annoying problems to be met. I should say,
though, that the one big trouble with all solar engines,
eliminating the obvious restriction that they decidedly
aren't dependable for night work, is the difficulty of
getting an area to absorb the energy. If I could get
enough area, I could use a very low efficiency and still
have cheap power, for the power is absolutely free. The
area problem is the greatest difficulty, no doubt.”

  “Well, I think you have a fair!)' good area to use, if
you can only harness the energy it absorbs. I have really
developed a very efficient solar engine. The engine itself
requires no absorbing area, as I want to use it; it takes
advantage of the fact that the earth is absorbing quintil-
lions of horse-power. I have merely lapped the power
that the earth has already absorbed for me. Come here.”
He led the way down the corridor to his laboratory,
and switched on the lights. On the main laboratory bench
was set up a complicated apparatus of many tubes and

heavy bus bar connecters. From the final tube two thin
wires ran to a long tubular coil. To the left of this coil
was a large relay switch, and a rheostat control.

  “Turn on the relay, dad, then slowly rotate the con-
troller to the left. And remember that it is rather
powerful. I know this doesn’t look like a solar engine,
and nine o’clock at night seems a peculiar hour to demon-
strate such a thing, but I will guarantee you results—
and probably more than you expect.”

  D.r. Arcot stepped up to the controls and closed the
switch. The lights dimmed a bit, but immediately bright-
ened again, and from the other end of the room came a
low, steady hum as the big transformer took up the load.

  “Well, from the sound of that ten K.W. transformer
there, if this engine is very efficient we ought to get a
terrific amount of power out of it.” Dr. Arcot was smil-
ing amusedly at his son. “I can’t very well control this
except by standing directly in front of it, but I suppose
you know what you’re doing."

  “Oh, this is a laboratory model, and I haven’t gotten
the thing into shape really. Look at the conductors that
lead to the coil; they certainly aren’t carrying ten K.W.”

T"YR. ARCOT slowly rotated the rheostat. There was
^ a slight hum from the coil; then it was gone. There
seemed to be no result. He rotated it a bit more; there
was a slight draught in the room apparently, but he could
see no startling results, so he rotated the rheostat con-
siderably more. This time there was absolutely no doubt
as to the results. There was a roar like a fifty-foot wind
tunnel, and a mighty blast of cold air swept out of that
coil like a six-inch model of a Kansas cyclone. Every
loose piece of paper in the laboratory was driving madly
before the blast of air Lhat had suddenly leapt out. Dr.
Arcot was forced back as by a giant hand, but in reeling
back his hand was lifted from the relay switch, and
with a thud it had opened the circuit. In an instant all
the noise was gone, and only a slight drifting of the air
in the room told of the blast that had stirred it up so.

  The astonished physicist came forward and looked at
it a moment in silence, while each of the other men
watched him. Finally he turned to his son, who was
smiling at him wilh a bit of a twinkle in his eye.

  “Dick, I think you have ‘loaded the dice’ in a way
that is even more lucrative than any other method ever
invented! If the principle of this machine is what I
think it is, you have certainly solved the secrct of a
sufficiently absorbing area for a solar engine."

  “Well,” remarked the elder Morey, shivering a bit
in the chill air of the room, “loaded dice have long been
noted for their ability to make money; but I don’t see
how that explains that working model of an Arctic
tornado. Brrr—it is still too cold in here. I think
he will need considerable area for heat absorption from
the sun, for that engine certainly does cool things down!
What is the secret?"

  “The principle is easy enough, but I had considerable
difficulty with the application. I think it is going to be
rather important though-”

  “Rather important,” broke in the inventor’s father. “I
should think it will be considerably more than that! It
is the biggest thing since the electric dynamo! Tt puts
airplanes in the junk heap! It means a new era in power
generation. It makes it certain that we will never have
to worry about power! It will make interplanetary
travel not only possible, but commercially economical.”
PIRACY PREFERRED

241

  “Dad seems to think it is a marvelous machine! But,
seriously, I believe it will antiquate all types of airplanes.
It is a direct utilization of the energy that the sun is
kindly supplying. For a good many years now men have
been trying to find out how to release the energy of
atoms, or more powerful yet, the energy of constitution
of matter. It always reminded me of experimenting with
fire on a pile of gunpowder. Of course you could stand
there holding the match quite safely, but if someone
burned his fingers and dropped the match-

  “But why do it at all? The sun is doing it already,
and on a scale so gargantuan that we could never hope
nor desire to approach it. Three million tons of matter
go into that colossal furnace every second of time, and
out of that comes two and a half deeilion ergs of energy.*
With a total of two and a half million billion billion bil-
lions of ergs to draw on, man will have nothing to worry
altout for a good many years to come! That represents
a flood of power vaster than man could comprehend. It
would fuse the earth so quickly, you wouldn’t have a
chance to worry about the hot weather! Why try to
release any more energy? We have all that to use; we
may as well tap that vast ocean of power.

  “We have been doing that to an extent. Plants have
done it for countless ages and more recently man has
imitated by absorbing the power from the ocean’s heat.
But I would hate to estimate their efficiency. The solar
engines developed so far are more efficient, of course;
they run as high as thirty per cent, but as Dad says,
they are tremendously bulky, only dirigibles can use
them, and then they are effective only during the day.
Dad has told you we need a larger heat absorbing area,
and also, if it is going to work during the night, we must
have some means oi storing the heat energy to use after
sunset Now I think the earth would make a very nice
storage basin; it certainly has a very comfortable area.
And furthermore, it has a nice thick blanket of air and
water that hold a tremendous amount of heat for night
use. But it has always been a little hard to use that
energy as we wish, though it is all there—more than we
can use. But just try and get that energy out! Just
think of the terrific amount of power there is stored in
the millions of tons of water on the earth. There is only
one thing that prevents us getting it out, the law of prob-
ability. That’s why Dad mentioned loaded dice, for dice,
as you know, are the classical example of probability
when they aren't loaded. Once they are loaded, the law
still holds, but the conditions arc now so changed that it
will make the problem quite different. Still the law
holds. I’ll admit that dice always seem to show the
wrong facc, but with a very great number of trials each
face will show an equal number of times. The more
trials you make, the more nearly does this approach to
exactitude. Similarly there are many other illustrations
of the law of probability. If you take an infinite number
of chances, it always works out, but if you take any
finite number of chances, it won’t.

  ‘‘The ideal case of an infinite number of chances is
very nearly approached in one instance.

  “Molecules in matter which has any heat at all, are
moving rapidly, colliding, rebounding, and moving off.
There are immense numbers of molecules in the tiniest
grain of dust your eye can see. When you consider
the conditions in a liter of helium gas in a container, you
can consider that there are an infinite number of mole-

   "2,500,000,OCD,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 = 2.5 deeilion.

cules in it, to all practical purposes. In it, then, there
is an equal chance for any molecule to go in any one
direction, and the chances are that there is an equal
number of molecules going in each direction. Thus we
have our helium gas composed of a tremendous number
of molecules, each dashing along at several miles a
second, and an equal number dashing in the opposite
direction at an equal speed. They are so thickly packed
in there, that none of them can go very far before it runs
into another molecule and bounces off in a new direction.
But there is a chance that all the molecules should
happen to move in the same direction at the same time.
How good is this chance? One of the. old physicists of
Einstein’s time, a man named Eddington, expressed it
very well when he said:

   ‘If an army of monkeys were playing on
 typewriters they might write all the books in
 the British Museum. The chance of their
 doing so is decidedly more favorable than the
 chance that all the molecules in a liter of gas
 should move in the same direction at the same
 time.’

The very improbability of this chance is the thing that is
making our problem appear impossible.

  “But similarly it would be improbable—impossible ac-
cording to the law of chance—to throw a string of aces
indefinitely, or lhat one should, deal a deck of cards and
always deal thirteen of a kind in each hand. It is impos-
sible—unless some other force influences the happening.

I	f the dice have bits of iridium stuck under the six spots,
they will throw aces. If the cards are stacked, they
will always deal thirteen of a kind. Chance makes it
impossible to have all the molecules of gas move in the
same direction at the same time—unless we stack the
chances. If we can find some way to influence them,
they may do so.

  “What -would happen to a metal bar if all the molecules
in it decided to move in the same direction at the same
time? Their heat motion is normally carrying them
about at a rate of several miles a second, and if now we
have them all go one way, the entire bar must move in
that direction, and it will start off at a velocity as great
as the velocity of the individual molecules. But now, if
we attach the bar to a heavy car, it will try to start off,
but will be forced to drag the car with it, and so will
not be able to have its molecules moving at the same
rate. They will be slowed down in starting the mass of
the car. But slow molecules have a definite physical
significance, molecules move because of temperature, and
lack of motion means lack of heat. These molecules
that have been slowed down are then cold; they will
absorb heat from the air about them, and since the mole-
cule of hydrogen gas at room temperature is moving at
about seven miles a second, when the molecules of the
confined gas in our car, or the molecules of the metal bar
are slowed down to but a few' hundred miles an hour,
their temperature drops to some hundreds of degrees
below' zero, and they absorb energy very rapidly, for the
greater the difference in temperature, the greater the
rate of heat absorption. Of course, in running our ma-
chine we must exercise caution, for the bar will try to
start off at the ful' speed instantly, and fastened or not,
that is the speed it will go unless its power is applied
gradually.

“In practice I think it will be best to use helium in a
242

AMAZING STORIES

copper container, since helium has a very low freezing
point, and having a very light molecule, it goes at very
high speeds when at room temperature- The copper will
carry the heat to it better than any other metal, aud
that will permit the use of absorbing fins.

   “We will be able to accelerate the car very rapidly to
a speed of several miles a second at very high aliitudes
no doubt, and as we will be able to use a perfectly en-
closed streamlined car, we will be able to get tremendous
speeds. We will need no wings, of course, for by just
putting a small unit pointed vertically, we will be able
to support the car in the air. It will make possible a
machine that will be able to fly in reverse and so come
to a quick stop. It will steer us or it will supply us with
electrical power, for we merely have to put a series of
small metal bars about the circumference of the genera-
tor, and get a tremendously powerful engine. For
ground cars, where speeds of over one hundred and fifty
miles an hour are impractical, we will use a metal bar,
as that is so much more directable, and less subject to
gas leaks and failures, though there will be little chance
of either in a welded inch-thick copper power unit.

  “But for our present need, it means a tremendously
powerful engine, that we can make invisible.

   “I believe you can guess the source of that breeze we
had there? It would make a great device for cooling
and ventilating theaters and apartments!”

  “Bill Arcot,” began Morey, “I would like to be able
to use that invention. I know enough of the economics
of the thing, if not enough of the science, to know that
the apparatus before us is absolutely invaluable. I could
not offer to buy the rights on it, but I want to use it if
you will let me. It means a new thing in transcontinental
airliners! Fuller, I want you to help Arcot with his
problem for the ship to chase the Pirate. I will give
you the contract to design the new airliners. It will cost
us billions to get those new machines out, but there will
be no fuel bills, no oil bills, and the cost of operation
will be negligible. Nothing but the Arcot short wave
tubes to buy—and each one is good for twenty-five
thousand hours service I"

  “You will get the rights on this if you want them
naturally,’' said Arcot. “You are maintaining these lal>-
oratories for me, and your son here helped me work it
out. But if Fuller can move over here tomorrow, it
will help things a lot. Also T would like to have some
of your best special mechanics to make the necessary
machines, and to start the power units.”

  “Bill,” replied Morey, "you know that these labs are
yours, and anytliing developed in them is yours, and tliat
Dick is officially one of your employes. I will have the
men here tomorrow. Do you want to keep this invention
secret ?”

  “Why I only did some mathematics. But I do think
it would he best to keep it a secret, because if the Pirate
hears about it, he may get cautious and quit his work,”
Dick pointed out.

   “I hadn't particularly intended to keep it a secret, but

I	guess you are right, Dick.”

EARLY the next moruing Fuller moved his materials
over to the laboratory, and set up his table for
work. Then, with the aid of Arcot and Morey, the
design of the new machine was begun.

   “First, let’s get some idea of the most advisable shape,”
Fuller said. “We will want a streamlined shape; roughly

   speaking, a cylindrical shape modified to fit the special
uses to which it will be put. You 110 doubt have more
of the general plan in mind, Arcot. Suppose you sketch
it for us.”

  “Well, I thought it would be best to design it also as
an experimental ship. We don’t know much about this
yet, and we have to work it out. You will have plenty of
fun figuring out strains in this machine, so let’s be safe
and use a factor of safety of 5. That will also give us
a heavier machine to do the testing with.”

   “Iii the first place, it must be proof against the Pirate’s
gas, for we won’t be following the regular lanes with
instruments to guide us safely, if we go out. I have
thought that over, and I think that the best system is
just what we used in the sample bottles—a vacuum. His
gas is stopped by nothing, so to speak, but there is no
substance that will stop it! It will no doubt penetrate
the outer shell, hut on reaching the vacuum, it will tend
to stay there, between the inner and outer walls. Here
it will tend to collect, since it will be fighting air pres-
sure in its attempts to go either in or out. The pressure
inside will force it back, and the pressure outside will
force it in. If we did not pump it out, it would soon
build up pressure enough to penetrate the interior wall.
Now, since the stuff can leak through any material, what
kind of a pump shall we use? It won’t be pushed by a
piston, for it will leak through either the cylinder walls
or the piston. A centrifugal pump would be equally in-
effective. The obvious solution is a mercury vapor pump,
which will, of course, take it out, and keep a high
vacuum, the difficulty l>eing that that land of a pump has
too low a volume of rating. We never would make any
progress. The thing would be impossible but for our
new machine. With it we can just, have a number of
openings in the wall of the outer shell and set in them,
one of these molecular, motion directors, and direct the
molccules out! They can’t come in through it, and they
will tend to go out. That will protect us' from the
Pirate's gas.

  “But now comes another difficulty. If we protect our-
selves against the Pirate’s gas by a vacuum, we must
remember that our vacuum is an equally good protection
against heat ! Since our generator is intended to run
on heat energy, it will lie rather chilly inside if we don’t
remedy that. Of course, our power units will he placed
outside, where the blast of air will wrarm them, but we
really won’t have a very good streamline effect if we
hang a big electric generator outside. The solution is
obvious—if we can’t bring the generator to the air, we
must bring the air to it. We will have all the power
equipment in this room here in the back, and the control
room up in front, here. The relays for controlling will
be back here, so we can control electrically the operation
of the power equipment from our warm, gas-tight room.
If it gets too warm in there, wc can cool it by using a
little of the heat to help accelerate the ship. If it is
too cold, we can turn on an electric heater run by the
generator. The air for the generator can come in through
a small sort of scoop on top, and leave through a small
opening in the rear. The vacuum at the tail will assure
us a very rapid circulation, even if the centrifugal pump
action of the enclosed generator isn’t enough.

  “For experimental purposes we will want the generator
to be greatly over power so that we can make tests over
a greater range. I don’L believe we will need more than
one hundred kilowatts altogether, but we should install
PIRACY PREFERRED

243

about a thousand, for convenience—A.C., of course, so
vve can send it through transformers. We will need
batteries in the keel for starting the generator. Once the
speed is high enough, it will be self-supporting, but it
can have a small auxiliary D.C. machine to recharge the
batteries and to run the relays. About ten kilowatts will
do there.

  “But let's begin making actual figures on this.”

  For the rest of the day the three men were working
on the general plan of the new ship, trying to calculate
the strengths needed, supplementing mathematics with
actual experiments with the machines 011 hand. It was
decided to put the batteries inside the main control room,
lest they freeze at extreme altitudes.

  It would be two days before they had finished. The
calculating machines were busy continuously, for here
there were few rules that experience could give them.
They were developing something entirely new, and
though they had as a designing staff three of the fore-
most mathematicians in the world it was a problem that
tested them to the utmost.

  By the evening of the first day, however, they had been
able to give the finished designs for the power units to
the mechanics who were to make them. The order for
the storage battery and the standard electrical equipment
load been placed at once. By the time they had com-
pleted the drawings for the main castings, the materials
were already being assembled in a little private camp that
Morey owned, up in die hills of Vermont. The giant
freight helicopters could land readily in tlie wide field
that had been cleared on the small plateau, in the center
of which nestled a little blue lake and a winding trout
brook.

  The mechanics and electrical engineers had been sent
up there already—officially 011 vacation. The entire pro-
gram could be carried out without attracting the least
attention, for sudi orders from the great Transconti-
nental lines were so frequent that no importance was
attached to them.

  Four days after the final plans had been completed
the last of tlie supplies were being assembled in the
portable metal shed that was to house tlie completed
machine. The shining tungsto-steel alloy frame members
were rapidly being welded in place by tlie cathode ray
welding torches in the hands of skilled artisans.

  Already at tlie other end of the shop the generator
had been arranged for use wsith the molecular motion
power units. The many power units to drive and sup-
port the ship were -finished and waiting instalment as
the party quit work on that fourth evening. They would
bo installed on the frame in the morning, and the genera-
tor would be hoisted into place with the small portable
crane. The storage batteries were connected up, and
in place in the hull. The great fused quartz windows
were resting in their cases on one side of the room,
waiting the complete application of tlie steel alloy plates.
They were to be over an inch thick, an unnecessary
thickness, perhaps, but they had no need to economize
weight, as witnessed by their choice of steel instead of
light metal alloys throughout the construction.

  The three men had arrived late that afternoon in a
small helicopter, and had gone directly to the shops to
see what progress had been made. They had been
forced to remain in New York to superintend the ship-
ment of the necessary supplies to the camp site, and since
no trouble was anticipated in the making of the steel

framework, they had not felt it necessary to come. But
now they would be able to help, and to superintend the
more delicate work.

  “She is shaping up nicely, isn’t she!” Arcot was gaz-
ing at the rapidly rounding frame with a critical eye..
Unhindered as they were by the traditional shapes, by
wings or other protuberances, they had been able to.
design a machine of striking beauty. The ship was to-
be left in the natural shiny metal, the only protection
being a coat of tlie newly discovered “passivity paint”—
a liquid chemical that could be brushed or sprayed on
iron, chromium, nickel or cobalt alloys rendering them
passive to practically all chemical agents. Iron can be
rendered “'passive” by treating in very concentrated nitric
acid, the result being a piece of iron that is unattacked
by nitric acid, sulphuric, or even aqua regia, which will
dissolve gold and platinum, and to a certain extent,
iridium. This new “paint” produced a much more per-
manent passivity in iron, leaving the iron or steel as
shiny as ever, but overcast with a beautiful iridescence,
and immune to tlie most powerful reagents.

THE three men miked around the rapidly growing
hull, and looked with excited interest at the heavy
welded joints and the great beams. The ship seemed
capable of withstanding a fall of several hundred feet
with litde damage. The location of the power units was
plainly visible, and easily recognized, for at each point
there came together four or five great beams, welded
into one great mass of tough metal, and in it there were
set the heavy tungsten bolts that would hold tlie units
in place. Stronger than steel, tungsten had a great ad-
vantage here, for its long fibrous structure made it
peculiarly resistant to shearing strains.

  They inspected each joint minutely for signs of flaws,
using a small portable X-ray fluoroscope to see the inte-
rior of the metal. Each joint seemed perfect. They
retired, satisfied everything was ready for the work of
the next day.

  The morning began early with a long swim in the lake,
and a hearty breakfast of country farm produce, a thing
rare to diese city-bred men. Then the work on the
great framework was continued, and that day saw the
power units bolted in place, removable if change was
thought advisable. Each power unit was equipped with
long streamlined copper fins lying close to tlie rounded
hull, that they might absorb heat more rapidly.

  Day by day the structure neared completion, and, with
the large crew of specially skilled workers, the machine
was practically complete within a week. Only the instru-
ments remained to be installed. Then at last even these
had been put hi place, and with the aid of Fuller, Morey,
junior, and his own father, Arcot had connected their
many complicated 'circuits.

  “Son,” remarked Arcot's father, looking critically at
the great switchboard, with its maze of connections, its
many rheostats and controls, and its heavy busbar con-
nectors behind it, "any man who can keep his eye on
those instruments must be a close relative of the insects
with their many-faceted eyes. I certainly hope you have
a good-sized crew to operate all those controls! We have
spent two days of hard work getting all those circuits
together, and I’ll admit that some of them still have me
beat I don’t see how you intend to watch all those
instruments, and at the same time have any idea what’s
going on outside.”
244

AMAZING STORIES

   “Oh,” laughed Arcot, junior, “these aren’t intended
, for constant watching. They are merely to aid in effi-
ciency tests and tests of different kinds. I will set the
controls for ordinary work, but first I will have to
experiment to determine at what values they will work
best. I want to experiment with this machine so I can
determine the neccssary powers and the lowest factor of
safety to use in building other machines. I want to use
this as a flying laboratory for the necessary experiments.
The machine is very nearly completed now. All we
need is the seats—they are to be special air-inflated gyro-
scopically controlled seats, to make it impossible for a
sudden twist of the. ship to put the strain in the wrong
direction. Of course the main gyroscopes will balance
the ship laterally, horizontally and vertically, hut each
chair will have a separate gyroscopic mounting for safety.
I want you to remember that this is an experimental
model, and not the finished ship. No machine, in all the
history of invention, was truly perfected by any one
man. I have had the thoughts of four men helping me
on this, and the practical suggestions nf experienced
mechanics, the ideas of old workers, and I believe that
the machine will function perfectly, but I want to be
able to watch the working of every smallest piece of the
structure.

   “I will'practice the manipulation of the machine for
at least four days before I try to chase the Pirate. I
would ordinarily rccommend the greatest haste, but the
man has stolen close to ten millions now, and is still at it.
That would not be done by anyone in his right mind.
Just think, the War Department thought that gas so
important that they have obtained a pardon for him on
condition they be permitted to have the secret of it.
They demand the return of the money, and I have no
doubt he has it. I am firmly convinced that he is a
kleptomaniac. I doubt greatly if he will stop taking
money before he is caught. Therefore it will be safe
to wait until we can be sure of our ability to operate the
machine smoothly. To start out without practice when
we are operating such a tremendously powerful airship
would be suicidal. Also, I am having some of those
tool-makers make up a special type of molecular motion
machine for use as ft machine gun. The bullets are steel,
about three inches long, and as thick as my thumb. They
will be perfectly streamlined, except for a little stabilizer
at the tail, to act as a guider. They will not spin as a
rifle bullet does, aHd so there will be no gyroscopic effect
to hold them nose on, but the streamlining and the
stabilizer will keep them on their course. 1 expect than
to be able to walk right through many inches of armour
plate, since they will have a velocity of over four miles
a second.

   “They will be fed in at the rate of about two hundred
a minute—faster if I wish, and started by a small spring.
They will instantly come into the field of a powerful
molecular motion-director, and will at once be shot out
with terrific speed. It will be the first rifle ever made
that could shoot bullets absolutely parallel to the ground.
The bullets would go on forever without hitting the earth
if 1 shot them when up above the. air, for they will follow
an orbit! At five miles a second, a thing is in equilibrium
between centrifugal force tending to throw it away from
the earth, and gravity tending to pull it down, as you
know. It will be accurate at all ranges, allowing for
wind-carriage only.

   “But that is all wc can do today. The guns will be

mounted outside, and controlled electrically, and the
charts will be installed tomorrow. By the day after
tomorrow at eight A. M. we ought to take off!”

  Later that evening they strolled down for a last swim,
for strong moonlight was flooding the Vermont country-
side.

  As they returned from the swim, Morey noticed that
Arcot was standing off to one side looking up at the
moon.

  “Thinking of visiting the moon, Dick? I wonder if
you could?”

  “I don’t know, Bill—but—it isn’t impossible now!’*

  The work the next day was rushed to completion far
earlier than Arcot had dared to hope. All the men had
been kept isolated at the farm, lest they accidentally
spread the news of the new machine. It was with excited
interest that they helped the machine to completion. The
guns had not been mounted as yet, but that could wait
Three-thirty of the afternoon found the machine resting
in the great construction shed, completely equipped and
ready to fly!

  “Dick,” said Morey as he strode up to him after testing
the last of the gyroscopic seats, “she’s ready to fly! I
certainly want to get her going—it is only three-thirty,
and we can go around to the sunlight part of the world
when it .gets dark at the speeds we can travel. Let’s
test her out now!”

  “I have sent for a U. S. Air Inspector. As soon as
he comcs we can start. I will have to put an ‘X’ license
indication on her now. He will go with us to test it.
There will be room for three other people aboard, and
I think that you and Dad and I will be the logical pas-
sengers. Look, there is a Government helicopter com-
ing. I guess we will start soon. Tell the men to get the
blocks out from under it and tow it out on the rollers.
Get it at least ten feet beyond the end of the hangar.
We will start it straight up, and climb up to at least
five miles, where we will have room to make mistakes
safely. When we learn to operate this thing, we want to
remember that the machine is infinitely more powerful
than anything either of us ever laid our hands on before.
While you are tending to that, I will see if T can induce
the Air Inspector to take a trip with us."

  Half an hour later the machine had been rolled entirely
out of the shed. The great rollers sank deep into the
soft turf of the soil as the two-hundred-ton burden
pressed down on them.

'T'HE great machine was a thing of beauty as it rested
-®- in the bright sunlight. For the firsi time the machine
was out of the dimness of the construction shed, and its
true features and lines were apparent. The four men
who were to ride in it on its maiden voyage were off
to one side looking at the great gleaming metal hull. The
long sweeping lines of the sides told a story of perfect
streamline, and implied high speed, even when it rested
thus inert on the ground. The bright, slightly iridescent
steel hull shone in sifvery contrast to the gleaming
copper of the power units’ heat-absorption fins. The
great clear windows in the nose and the low, streamlined
air intake for the generator seemed only to accentuatc the
lines of the graceful machine.

  “Lord, she’s beautiful, isn’t she, Dick!” exclaimed
Morey, looking at the glistening hull.

  “Well, she did shape up nicely on paper, too, didn’t
she. Oh, Fuller, come and look at your masterpiece.
PIRACY PREFERRED

245

It is even better looking than we thought, now the copper
has added color to it. Doesn’t she look fast? I wish
we didn’t need physicists so badly on this trip, so you
could go on the first ride with us.’'

  “Oh, that's all right, Dick, I know the number of
instruments in there, and I realize they will mean a lot
of work this trip. I wish you all luck. The honor ol
having designed the first ship like that, the first heavier
than air ship lhat ever flew without wings or helicopter
propellers—that is something to remember. And I think
it is one of the most beautiful that ever flew, too.”
“Well, Dick,” said his father, “let’s get under way. I
am anxious for the test.”

  The four men entered the ship and were strapped in
the gyroscopic seats. One by one they reported ready.

  “Officer, I want lo explain that these scats may seem
to be a bit more active than one generally expects a seat
to be, but in this experimental machine, I have pro-
vided all the safety devices I could think oi. The ship
itself won’t fail, of that I am sure, but the power is so
great it might well prove fatal to us if we are not in a
position to resist the forces. You know all too well the
effect of sharp turns at high speed and the results of
the centrifugal force. This machine can develop such
tremendous power that I have lo make provision for it.
You notice that my controls and the instruments are
mounted on the arm of the chair really; that permits
me to maintain complete control of the ship at all limes,
and still permits my chair to remain perpendicular to
the forccs. The gyroscopes in the base here cause the
entire chair to remain stable if the ship rolls, but the
chair can continue to revolve about this bearing here so
that we will not be forced out of our seats. We will
always be ‘sitting up’ and never lying down or leaning
back, as we would seem to be, if the chairs did not vary
in position with the forccs. The air inflation makes
them more comfortable. I sincerely hope you will find
the machine safe enough for a license. I know the nec-
essary maneuvers required by law, but I am not used
to handling this ship, and I will have to take it straight
up first. There is no one in the vicinity to be hurt by
any accidents, so with your permission, I will start.”
“All right. Dr. Arcot. If you and your father are
willing to try it, I am,” replied the Air Inspector.
“Ready, Engineer ?” asked Arcot.

  “Ready, Pilot!” replied Morey.

  “All right—just keep your eye on the mete-s, Dad, as
I turn on the system. If the instruments back there
don’t take care of everything, and you see one flash over
the red mark—yank open the main circuit. I'll call out
what to watch as I turn them on.”

  “T am ready, Son.”

  “Main gyroscopes I” There was a low snap, a clicking
of relays in the rear compartment, and then a low hum
that quickly ran up the scale. “Main generators!” Again
the clicking switch, and the relays thudding into action,
again the rising hum, ''Seat-gyroscopes.’’ The low click
was succeeded by a quick scream that died in inaudibly
high frequency as the separate seat-gyroscopes took up
their work. “Main power tul>e hank!” The low hum
of the generator behind changed to a momentary roar as
the relays threw the load on. In a moment the automatic
controls had brought it up to speed.

  “Everything is working perfectly so far. Arc wc
ready to start now, Son ?”

  “Main vertical power units I” The great ship trembled

throughout its length as the lift of the power units began
to pull on it. A special instrument had been rigged tem-
porarily on the floor beside Arcot, that he might be able
to judge the lift of his power units; it registered the
apparent weight of the ship. It had read two hundred.
Now all eyes were fixed on it, as the pointer dropped
quickly to 150—100—75—50—40—20—10—there was a
click and the instrument flipped back to 300—it was
registering in pounds now! Then the needle was at
zero, and the mighty structure floated into the air, slowly
moving down the field as a breeze carried it along the
ground. Now the men outside saw it rise swiftly into
the sky, straight toward the blue vault of heaven. In two
or three minutes it was disappearing. The glistening
ship shrank to a tiny point of light; then it was gone!

It must have been rising at fully three hundred miles an
hour ! The fastest racing helicopters seldom rose faster
than that! The record was three hundred and thirty-
two miles an hour!

  To the men in the car there had been a tremendous
increase in weight that had forced them into the air
cushions like leaden masses. Then the ground was""-
dropping away with a speed that made them look in
amazement. The house, the construction shed, the lake,
all seemed contracting beneath them. So quickly were
they rising that they had not had time to adjust their
mental attitude. To them all the world seemed shrinking
about them. Now they were at a tremendous height,
over twenty miles they had risen into the atmosphere; the
air about them was so thin that the sky seemed black,
the stars glazed out in cold, unwinking glory, while the
great fires oi the sun seemed reaching out into space
like mighty arms reaching—reaching to draw back to the
parent body the masses of the wheeling planets. About
it, in far flung streamers of cold fire the mighty zodiacal
light stretched out into space, an Aurora on a titanic
scale. . For a moment they hung there, while they made
readings of the meters.

  “I never l>egan to let out the power of this thing.
When these are made commercially, we will have to use
about or.e horsepower generators in them, or people will
try to see how fast it will go and will die of the terrific
acceleration and leave the car, like some vast bullet,
streaking on through the sky at ever greater speeds, till
at last it throws itself off into space. This would make
it a menace as well as a blessing. I will have to be careful
myself!”

FOR several minutes the machine was tried out at this
height, testing various settings of the instruments.

Tt was definitely proven that the values lhat Arcot and
Morey had assigned from purely theoretical calculations
were correct to within one-tenth of one per cent. The
power absorbed by the machine they knew and had
calculated, but the terrific power of the driving units
was far beyond their expectations. They had estimated
the power of the machine as great, bul even they had
been unable to calculate the power released.

  “Well, now we’re off for some horizontal maneuvers.

I believe I have satisfactorily demonstrated the ma-
chine's ability to hold itself in the air, to climb at a safe
rate to a considerable altitude. The air pressure controls
seem to be working perfectly. I am now going to give
the necessary proof of ability to maintain traffic speed—

I believe they now require over two hundred miles an
hour. I will accelerate it at the greatest safe value.”
246

AMAZING STORIES

  Suddenly the seats swung beneath them a bit; then,
as the ship shot forward with ever greater speed, ever
greater acceleration, it seemed that it turned and headed
upward, although they knew that the main stabilizing
gyroscopes were holding it level. The seats swung
beneath them as the acceleration became greater and
greater. In a moment the ship was headed out over the
Atlantic at a speed no rifle bullet had ever known. Faster
and faster the plane streaked along, until it became an
almost invisible blur. The radio speedometer needle
pushed farther and farther over as the speed increased
to unheard of values. Before they left the North Amer-
ican shoreline they were going over one mile a second.
The speed increased terrifically, as the men labored under
weights of seven to eight hundred pounds apiece. They
were over the middle of the Atlantic before Arcot grad-
ually shut off the acceleration, letting the seats drop back
into position. Once more they were able to judge up
and down with some definite standard.

  They had been able to watch the sun sink rapidly
toward the horizon. It was night on the water rolling
far beneath, but the sun's rays still reached them where
they were.

  “What speed did we reach, Dr. Arcot—look—there is
the coasL of Europe. Watch it come toward us. How
fast are we going?” asked die Air Inspector.

  “The air resistance is slowing us down. We were
traveling at tlie rate of three miles a second before I
decreased the acceleration. Now it has fallen to two and
a half!” Dr. Arcot answered.

   “That decidedly checks off the speed requirement. But
how do you measure such terrific speed? You have no
means of using the air blast at that rate. What is the
system?”

   “I had to develop one—but it is only accurate to about
one part in a hundred now. That’s near enough for our
work For ordinary speeds we use the automatically
barometrically corrected airspeedometer. but this piece
of apparatus depends on the use of radio. You do not
change the speed of light no matter how fast the source
is moving, but for that reason, if the source is moving
toward you, the waves get packed in closer together than
they would ordinarily. ’Hie same is true of a radio wave.
I send out a radio wave from a very small set in the nose
of the ship, and pick it up by a set in the rear of the
ship. By means of the usual velocity measuring appa-
ratus I find the velocity of the wave as picked up by
the set in the rear. That is electrically registered here,
but instead of registering it as 186,285 miles per second,
with the appropriate number of tenths and hundredths of
a mile per second, it subtracts the discovered value from
the correct value, the difference being, our speed. I hope
to get it more accurate in the future, but it is the only
serviceable means at hand now.

   “I’m going to try to see what the ultimate ceiling of
this machine is. Remember, it must have a ceiling, since
it depends on the operation of the generator to operate
tlie power units. This, in turn, depends on the heat
of air. Of course the main power units, being outside in
the sun’s rays, are warmed to an extent by them. I don’t
know how high it will work.”

  The ship was put into a vertical climb, aud steadily
the great machine rose, at a low rate lest they overshoot
the mark, and have the wrong result. Soon, however,
the great generator behind began to slow down, the
automatic controls could not bring it up to a sufficient

speed. The readings of the instruments were dropping
rapidly. The temperature of the exceedingly tenuous
air outside was so close to absolute zero that it was
nearly impossible to get sufficient energy from it.

  “Get up some forward speed so that you will have
the aid of the air scoop to force the air in faster.”

  “Right, Morey.” Arcot slowly applied tlie power to
the forward propulsion units. Slowly they took hold, and
the ship began to move forward again. The increase was
apparent at once. The machine quickly gained power
and she was rising again. But at last, at a height of
fifty-one miles, the ship would rise no farther. The cold
of the cabin became unbearable, for every kilowatt of
power that the generator could get from the air outside
was needed to run the power units. The air, too, was
getting had, for tlie pumps could not supply enough, and
the oxygen tanks had not been carried on this trip. Now
they were dropping, dropping, the machine was held
stable by the gyroscopes, but she was dropping freely,
tlie power of the generator being used to warm the cabin
once more. But the machine had fifty miles to fall, and
as die air resistance of die denser air mounted, they
could begin to feel tlie weight return as the air slowed
them down in their fall.

  “You’ve passed, but for the maneuvers, sir! The re-
quired altitude was passed so long ago—why we are
still some miles above it, I guess! How fast are we
falling?” The Air Inspector was decidedly impressed.

   “I can’t tell unless I point the nose of the ship down,
for the apparatus works only in the direction in which
the sliip is pointed. Hold on, everyone, I am going to
start using some power to stop us.”

   It was night when they returned to the little field in
Vermont. They had established a new record in every
form of aeronautical achievement except endurance! The
altitude record, the speed record, the speed of climb, the
acceleration record—all that Arcot could think of had
been passed. Now the ship was coming to dock for the
night. In the morning it would be out again. But now
Arcot was sufficiently expert with the controls to maneu-
ver tlie ship safely into the hangar. They finally solved
the wind difficulty by decreasing the weight of the ship
to about fifty pounds, so enabling tlie three men to
carry it into the hangar!

THE next two days were devoted to careful tests of
the power factors of tlie machine, the best operating
frcqucncy, the most efficient altitude of operation, and
as many other tests as they had time for. Each of the
three younger men took turns operating it, but so great
were the strains of the sudden acceleration, that Arcot,
senior, decided it would be wisest to stay on the ground
and watch.

  In die mean time reports of the Pirate liecame fewer
aud fewer as less and less money was shipped by air.

  Arcot spent four days practicing the manipulation of
the machine, for though it handled far more readily than
any other machine he had ever controlled, there was the
danger of turning on too much power under the stress
of sudden excitement. Yet he could not afford to lower
tlie limit of available power, for there must be a margin
of at least 32 feet per second to cover the effects of
gravity.

   If they were flying against it, they would need 64 feet
per second per second more acceleration than if they
were flying with it. The “feel” of the ship could lie
PIRACY PREFERRED

247

gotten by practice only. He must make his actions in-
stinctively in emergencies, and the battle with the Pirate
was apt to be a long series of emergencies, for certainly
the Pirate had some weapons other than his gas. No
standard machine gun could throw a bullet through the
inch-thick armor-plate walls of the machine, and as these
were double, there was slight chance of any known ship
carrying a gun heavy enough to pierce these double
walls, which were yet light enough to land on the Trans-
continental plane without disturbing its equilibrium.

  The night before, Arcot had sailed the ship down and
alighted on the roof of Morey senior’s apartment, leav-
ing enough power on to reduce the weight to but ten
tons, lest it fall through the roof, while he went down
to see the President of the Lines about some “bait” for
the Pirate.

  "Send some cash along,” said Arcot, when he saw
Morey, Sr. “Say a quarter of a million, make it more
or less public knowledge, and talk it up so that the Pirate
may think there is a real haul on board. T am going to
accompany the plane at a height of about a quarter of a
mile above. I will try to locate him from there by means
of the radio disturbance locater, and if I have my appa-
ratus on, 1 naturally can’t locate him. I hope he won’t
be scared away—but I rather believe he won't. At any
rate, you won’t lose on the try!”

AGAIN Morey and Arcot were looking at the great
• Jersey aerodrome, out on the great fields that had
been broad marshes centuries before. Now they had
been tilled in, and stretched for miles, a great landing
field, close to the great city across the river.

  The men in the car above were watching the field
below, hanging inert, a silent dot of glistening metal, high
in the deep velvet of the purple sky, for fifteen miles of
air separated them from the Transcontinental machine
below. Now they saw through their field-glasses that
the great machine was lumbering slowly across the field,
gaining momentum as it headed westward into the breeze
on the take-off. Then it seemed to be barely clearing
the great skyscrapers that towered twenty-four hundred
feet into the air, arching over four or six dty blocks.
From this height they were toys made of colored paper,
soft colors that glistened in the hot noon sun, and around
and about them were weaving lines of flashing, moving
helicopters, the individual lost in the mass of the million
or so swiftly moving machines, for only the higher,
steady moving levels of traffic were visible to them. Be-
low these they knew were other and still other levels of
machines, hanging motionless or creeping along at thirty
or forty miles an hour, rocking slightly, despite the gyro-
scopic stabilizers as the terrific air-wash of thousands of
whirring blades hit them, varying each moment as the
crowded traffic moved.

  “Just look at those cars in the traffic below there!
Thousands and thousands coming back into the city after
going home to lunch—and every day the number of
helicopters is increasing! If it hadn't been for your in-
vention of this machine, they would have been impossible
soon. The airblast in the cities is unbearable now, and
getting worse all the time. Many machines can’t get
enough power to hold themselves up at the middle levels;
there is a down current of over one hundred miles an
hour at the 400-foot level in downtown New York. It
takes a racer to climb fast there!

  “If it were not for the gyroscopic stabilizers, they

could never live in that huge air-pocket. I have to drive
in through there. I’m always afraid that somebody with
an old worn-out bus will have stabilizer failure, and it
will work havoc with hundreds below.’’ Morey was a
skilful pilot, and realized, as few others did, the dangers
of that downward airblast that the countless whirring
blades maintained in a constant roar of air. The office
buildings now had double walls, with thick layers of
sound-absorbing materials, to stop the roar of the
cyclonic blast that continued almost unabated twelve
hours a day.

  "Oh, I don’t know about that, Morey,” replied Arcot.
“This thing isn’t all to the good. .Remember that if we
had about ten million machines hung in the air of New ’
York City on the heat contained, there would be a no-
ticeable fall in the temperature. Tt would undoubtedly
di'op to a temperature that would produce an Arctic cli-
mate year in and year out. You know, though, how
unbearably hot it gets in the City by noon, even on the
coldest winter days, due to the heating effect of the air
friction of all the thousands of blades. I have known the
temperature of the air to go up fifty degrees, due to the
heat of the engines and die friction of the blades. The
solution of the thing is obvious. There will be a sort of
balance between the two types of machines. It will be a
terrific economical problem, but at the same time it will
solve the problem of the great companies who have been
fermenting grain residues for alcohol. The castor bean
growers are also going to bring down their prices a lot
when this machine kills the market. They will also be
more anxious to extract the carbon from the cornstalks
for reducing ores of iron and of other metals. It will no
doubt have to be worked out eventually at any rate.” As
the ship flew high above the Transcontinental plane, the
men discussed the economic values of the different appli-
cations of Arcot’s discoveries from the huge power sta-
tions they could make, to the cooling and ventilating of
houses.

  “Arcot, you mentioned the cooling effect on New
York City; with the millions on millions of these ma-
chines that there will be, with huge power plants, with a
thousand other different applications in use, will not the
terrific drain of energy from the air cause the whole
world to become a little cooler?” asked Fuller.

  “I doubt it,” said Arcot slowly. "I have thought of
that myself. Remember that most of the energy we use
eventually ends up as heat anyway. The lights we use
turn the electricity to light, whence it is radiated to be ab-
sorbed by materials that convert it into heat. Motors
give off heat and mechanical energy. The propdlers
convert the mechanical energy to motion of the mole-
cules of air—heat again. The forward drive of the air-
ship is converted into heat through air-friction. Only the
energy we store as chemical energy is maintained—and
eventually that leaks back into the air. In return, just
remember the decillious of ergs of energy that the sun is
giving off—true, we don’t get more than an infinitesimal
portion of that energy—but what wc do get is more than
enough for us. Power houses can be established very
conveniently in the tropics, where they will cool the air,
and the energy can be used to refine metals or to stabilize
the carbon of carbon dioxide from the air. I understand
from something Dad said last night that that is what he
is working on now. He has devised a method for clec-
trolyzing carbon dioxide in a solution in a compound
Jackson worked out for him. That brings us to carbon,
248

AMAZING

STORIES

tlie true starting- point for any organic synthesis. With
that we will have ail unlimited supply of acetylene, the
one indispensable hydro-carbon in modern synthesis.
That means that the surplus heat of the tropics will find
a use. Together with the weather control possible by
the direction-controi of great winds, we could set huge
director tubes on top of mountains, and blow the winds
in whatever direction best suited us, not the blown wind
itself, but the vast volume of air it carried with it, would
be able to cool the temperate zones in summer from the
cold of the poles, and warm it in winter with tlie heat of
the tropics. Similarly the tropics would, in this way,
be cooled. Of course the control could not be perfect,
hut it would bring about a vast improvement. I think,
however, that we will find this machine to be of great
benefit. I don’t think it will appreciably lower the mean
temperature of the earth.

   “And there is another thing it may make possible in
 the future—a thing that is hard to acccpt as a commercial
 proposition. We have sources of energy now, but we
 have no sources of materials that will last indefinitely.
 Copjier is becoming more and more rare. Had it not
 been for the discoveries of the great copper fields of the
 Sahara and in Alaska, we would not have any now.
 Platinum is exhausted, and even iron is becoming more
 and more valuable, for low-grade iron ores cannot be
 worked. We are facing a shortage of metals. Alumi-
 num, magnesium, calcium, and iron exist in vast quanti-
 ties, but they are largely in low concentration ores. Do
 you realize that within the next two centuries we will be
 unable to maintain this civilization unless we get new
 i sources of materials? History shows us civilization after
 civilization falling before the invading hordes of bar-
 barians—men who were better equipped to fight for what
 they wanted. Within two centuries our civilization will
 be helpless for lack of essential metals. Iron can be
 gotten from the frames of the skyscrapers as they are
 replaced by little glass buildings. Glass, or silicon diox-
 ide, practically constitutes a huge percentage of the
 earth’s crast. Silicon represents 28% and oxygen over
 47%, so in the available matter of the earth, two ele-
 ments alone constitute more than three-quarters of the
 resources. Luckily, the next most abundant element,
 and the next few are metals, aluminum, iron, calcium,
 magnesium, sodium and potassium. (I am not certain
 about the order of calcium and magnesium.) Together,
 these total about 23%. That means that the first seven
 abundant elements constitute 98% of our available re-
 sources. All the other elements on earth do not total
 more than 2%! That means that, including the vast
 quantities of hydrogen, nitrogen, and all other non-
 metals, chlorine, sulphur, and even carbon, and many
 metals such as copper, lead, zinc, tin, silver, tungsten,
 molybenum, berylium—all the other 85 elements—total
 only two per cent! Every time I think of those figures
 it frightens me. Aluminum, iron, and magnesium are
 useful for our work. Calcium, sodium, potassium—we
 cannot use them; they are soft, and so active that they
 corrode rapidly in the air. In the 98% of the available
 matter of tlie earth, three elements are useful. In the
 two per cent lie all our other materials, except glass.
 Well, it looks as if we had better start using glass a great
 deal more!

   "Rut we have one other chance now. This civilization
 is doomed if we don’t get more elements from some-
 where.

  “The solution is—there are eight* planets in this solar
system 1 Neptune and Uranus are each far vaster than
Earth; they are utterly impossible for life as we know it,
but a small colony might be established there to refine
metals for the distant earth. We might be able, to build
tight-closed citics. But first we could try tlie nearer
planets—Mars, Venus, or some satellites such as our
Moon. I pray that this machine will make it possible.”

FOR some time they sat in silence in the machine as
they swept along, high above the green plains of
Indiana. Chicago lay like some monster jewel far oft on
the horizon to the right and ahead. Below them the huge
bulk of the Transcontinental plane seemed a toy, five
miles below, as it swung slowly across the fields—actually
traveling over six hundred an hour. They too seemed
almost motionless as the landscape swung slowly past
beneath them. At last Morey spoke.

  “You are right, Arcot. We will have to think of the
interplanetary aspects of this some day. Oh, isn’t that
Chicago off there ? We had better start the vacuum gas
protector. And I will turn the radio disturbance indicator
on to the general reception aerial till we see some signs
of action.”

  The three men forgot tlie impending danger of the
shortage of metals. There were a number of adjust-
ments to make, and these were quickly completed, while
the machine forged evenly, steadily ahead. The generator
was adjusted to the maximum efficiency, the various
tubes were tested separately, for though they were all
new, and each good for twenty-five thousand hours, it
would be inconvenient, to say the least, if one failed while
they were in action. Each tested perfect, and though
they could not hear tlie even hum of the generator behind
them, due to the approximate vacuum at this altitude,
they knew from the smooth functioning of the various
relays lliat governed it as the loads on it varied, that it
must be working perfectly, at something less than one-
half maximum rating. There was a reassuringly large
factor of safety in all parts of this machine, which was a
good thing on an experimental machine, but left no factor
of safety for Mr. Average Citizen’s pocket book, if put
on the commercial production in this form.

  Steadily they flew on, waiting tensely for the first sign
of a glow from the tiny neon tube indicator on the panel
before Morey.

  “This looks familiar, Dick,” said Morey, looking about
at the fields and the low line of the blue mountains far
oil on the western horizon. “I think it was about here
that we took our little nap in the ‘Flying Wheel Chair,'
as the papers called it. It would be about here th—
LOOK! It is about here! Get ready for action, Fuller.
You’re taking the machine gun, I’ll work the invisibility
disrupter, and Arcot will run the ship. Let’s go!”

  On the board before him the tiny neon tube flickered
dully, glowed for a moment like a piece of red-hot iron,
then went out. In a moment it was glowing again, and
then quickly its brilliance mounted till it was a line of
crimson. Quickly Morey snapped the switch from the
general radio disturbance detector to the beam receiver,
that he might locate the machine exactly, the receiving
set being arranged to pick up the signals emanating from
points in the beam only, and the same control kept the
projector of the indivisibility disrupter in constant coor-
dination, so that the sighting of the receiver automatically

   •Since this storv was written, a ninth planet was discovered.
PIRACY PREFERRED

249

directed the disrupter beam at the same point. Quickly
the beam was scanning the sky below them, as it searched
for the plane of the Pirate. It was fully a minute be-
fore the neon tube flashed into life once more. The
pirate was flying just ahead of the big plane, very likely
gassing them. All around him were the Air Guardsmen,
unaware that the enemy was so near. As the disrupter
beam could be projected only about a mile, they would
have to dive down on the enemy at once, and an instant
later the great plane beneath them seemed to be rushing
toward them at terrific speed.

  The two radio beams were constantly kept focused on
the plane of the Pirate. When they were about two miles
from the two machines below them, the neon tube blazed
up brilliantly as the energy of the two machines clashed.
The Pirate was trying to maintain his invisibility, while
the rapidly growing strength of the machine above was
trying to batter it down, the resulting interference radiat-
ing' a large amount o£ energy.. The strength of Morey’s
beam was growing at a tremendous rate, as the two ma-
chines approached at nearly three hundred miles an Lour.
In a moment the ammeter connected with the disrupter
beam began to rise so rapidly it seemed dangerous, for
despite the ten-kilowatt set being used to project the
beam, the resistance of the apparatus on board the pirate
ship was amazing. Now, however, there was a rapidly
solidifying cloud before them, as the interference of
the beam Morey was sending broke down the molecular
oscillation that permitted the light to pass freely through
the machine. Suddenly there was a circle of blue light
about the shadow form, and a moment later the ionized
air relapsed into normal condition as the pirate's appa-
ratus broke down under the strain. At once Morey shut
off his apparatus, convinced from the suddenness that
the pirate’s apparatus had been blown out, the tubes
unable to stand the strain of the larger tubes on board
their machine. He glanced up to look at the pirate as he
finished his job. He cried out in astonishment as Arcot
called to him, “Morey—look at him go!”

  Morey was too late to see him go. Already the plane
had shot off with terrific speed. It had shot up and to
their left, at a rate of climb that seemed unl>elievablc—
except that the long trail of flaming gas told the story!
The plane was propelled by rockets! The terrific accel-
eration carried it out of their range oi vision in an in-
stant, and as Arcot swung the ship to bring him again
within the range of the windows, they gasped in aston-
ishment, for already he was many miles away, a long
trail of flaming gas marking his swift flight! There was
a terrific wrench as Arcot threw on all the power he
dared, then quickly leveled the machine out, following
the pirate at lighting speed. He increased the accelera-
tion further as the men grew accustomed to the force
that weighed them down. Ahead of them the pirate was
racing along, but quickly now they were overhauling him,
for his machine had wings of a sort! They produced a
tremendous amount of head resistance at their present
velocity, for already the needle of the radio speedometer
had moved over to one mile a second. They were follow-
ing the fleet plane ahead at the rate of 3600 miles an
hour. The roar of the air outside was a tremendous
wave of sound, yet to them, protected by the vacuum of
the double walls, it was detectable only by the vibration
of the car.

  And naturally the rarefaction of the air operated to
reduce the sound.

RAPIDLY the lead of the pirate’s machine was cut
down, as their acceleration became greater. It
seemed but a moment before he would be within range
of their machine gun. Suddenly he nosed down and shot
for the ground, ten miles below, with the full speed of
his machine. In an instant Arcot had swung his machine
in a loop that held him close to the tail of the pirate.
The swift maneuvers at this speed were a terrific
strain on both men and machines—the acceleration
seemed crushing them with the weight of four men, as
Arcott followed the pirate in a wide loop to the right
that ended in a straight climb, the power rocket ship
standing on its tail, the rocket blast roaring out behind, a
stream of fire a half mile long. It was climbing at a
speed that would have distanced any other machine the
world had ever seen, but the tenacious opponent behind
him clung ever tighter to the tiny darting thing. He
had released great clouds of his animation suspending
gas. To his utter surprise, the ship behind had driven
righL through it, entirely unaffected! He, who knew
most about the gas, had been tillable to devise a material
to stop it, a mask or a tank to store it, yet in some way
these men had succeeded! And that hurtling, bullet-
shaped machine behind! Like some miniature airship it
was, but with a speed and an acceleration that put even
his to shame! It could twist, turn, dive, rise and shoot
off on the straight-away with more flashing speed than
his machine displayed. Time and again he tried com-
plicated maneuvers that strained him to the utmost, yet
that machine always followed after him!

   There was one thing to do. In outer space his rockets
would support him. In a straight climb he shot up to the
blazing sun above, out into space, while the sky around
him grew black, and the stars shone in solemn splendor
around him. But he had eyes for only one thing, the
shining car that was rising with more than equal speed
behind him. He knew he must be climbing over two
thousand miles an hour, yet the tracker came ever closer.
Just out of sighting range for the machine gun now . . .
in a moment . . . but, she was faltering!

   The men in the machine behind sat white-lipped, tense,
as the whirling shocks of sudden turns at terrific speed
twisted the gyroscope seats around like peas in a rolling
ball. Up, down, left, right, the darting machine ahead
was twisting with unbelievable speed. Then suddenly
the nose was pointed for the zenith again, and with a
great column of flame shooting out behind him, he was
heading straight toward space!

   “If he gets there, T lose him, Morey I” said Arcot. The
terrific acceleration of the climbing car seemed to press
them to their seats with a deadly weight. It was a
labor.to talk—but still the car ahead was shooting ahead
—slowly they seemed to be overhauling him. Now
that the velocities were perforce lowered by the effects of
gravity, and the air resistance of the atmosphere was
well nigh gone, only the acceleration that the human body
could stand was considered. The man ahead was pushing
his plane ahead with an acceleration that would have
killed many men!

  Slowly the acceleration of the machine was falling.
Arcot pushed the control over to the last ampere, and
felt the slight surge, as greater power rushed through the
coils momentarily. Soon this was gone too, as the gen-
erator behind faltered. The driving power of the atmos-
pheric heat was gone. More than sixty miles below them
they could see the earth as a greenish brown surface,
250

AMAZING STORIES

slightly convex, and; far to the east they could distin-
guish a silvery line of water! But they had no eyes but
for the column of shooting lianie that represented the
fleeing raider! Out in airless space now, he was safe
from them. They could not follow. Arcot turned the
machine once more, parallel to the earth, watching the
plane above through the roof window. Slowly the
machine sank to the fifty-mile level, where there was
just sufficient air to maintain it in efficient operation.

  “Well, he beat us! But there is only one thing for us
to do. He must hang there on his rockets till we leave,
and we can hang here indefinitely, if we can only keep
this cabin decently warm. lie has no air to cool him, and
he has the sun to warm him, The only thing that is
worrying him right now is the heat of his rockets. But
he can throw most of that out with the gases. Lord,
that’s some machine! The principle is easy to see. He
uses his atomic hydrogen stored in the way he has, and
thereby can store, in very little space, a gaseous material
that yields 100,000 calories for every two grams. He
can run a real machine on that! But eventually his
rockets will give out, and down he will come, so we will
just hang here beneath him and—whoa—not so fast—
he isn't going to stay there, it seems; he is angling Ins
ship off a bit, and shooting along, so that, besides, holding
himself up, he is making a little forward progress. We
will have tn follow ! He is going to do some speeding, it
seems! Well, we can keep up to him, at our level.”

  “Dick, no plane ever made before would have stood the
terrific pulls and yanks that his plane got. He was steer-
ing and twisting on the standard type air rudders, and
what strains he had! That unique type of plane must
be extremely strong. I never saw one shaped like his
before, though—it is the obvious shape at that! It was
j ust a huge triangular arrowhead! Did you ever see one
like it?”

  “Something like it, yes, and so have you. Don’t you
recognize, that as the development of the old paper
gliders you used to throw around as a kid? It lias the.
same shape, the triangular wings with the point in the
lead, except that he undoubtedly has a slight curve to
the wings to increase the efficiency. I hope that man is
only a kleptomaniac, because he can be cured of that,
and I can then have a new laboratory partner. He has
some exceedingly' intelligent ideas! His idea of copying
the birds was good—except that he carried it too far.
The idea of flying was good,, but the birds have a method
that man can’t imitate. The birds have flapping wings,
and their wings are shaped to work well when they flap.
Man tried for a while to make a machine that would flap
its wings. He generally got killed in the attempt.
Finally he decided to try having the wings there, just as
the birds do, but not flapping them. He tried to- imitate
the bird in gliding flight. That was rather foolish, for
the birds’ wings are made to flap, and when they glide
they are using them for a secondary purpose. Man stands
on two jointed bone columns, carefully made and fitted
together with some of the most wonderful mechanical
features we know of. Why not build buildings, and
stand them on similar mechanisms? Simply because legs
have oidy a secondary use in supporting members. They
were primarily designed for locomotion.

  “Similarly a bird’s wings were designed for movement.
Then, too, a rotary motion is so much more efficient than
a reciprocating motion. The wheel is beyond a doubt
a better way to get over ground than the leg. Why didn’t

Nature use it ? A wheel is not such a good thing to climb
trees with, and trees are very useful if a saber tooth
tiger happens to be in the neighborhood. Evolution did
not favor it. Can you imagine a bird with a propeller on
its beak ? The propeller is more efficient than the flapping
wing, but Nature couldn’t use it—it was a matter of
design. Imagine, if you can, a bird with a bone propeller
on its lieak—or somewhere, driven by a hone crankshaft,
turned by muscles-—muscles arranged like the cylinders
of an engine! It just couldn’t be done. Nature had to use
the flapping wing.

  “And man., seeing the bird fly, decided that was the
way ti)' fly. He found he couldn’t do it, but it took him
hundreds of years to find some other way than merely
approximating the bird.

  “Di» you remember how the little paper gliders of our
school days used to soar and bank and turn with perfect
control; they never stalled in the air, never stayed in a
nose dive, never went into tail spins and were, structually
strong enough to be made of thin paper. The standard
and only figure that is used in bracing things anywhere
is the triangle; it is the unit of strength. It can’t be
deformed as can a square, it is geometrically belter. Why
not. use it! No wonder the pirate’s ship would stand
the strains he put on it. No wonder it makes an excellent
glider. Of course it would.

  “He is an ingenious man, but. I wish he didn’t store
quite so much hydrogen in his rocket tubes! It is un-
bearably cold in here, and I can’t sacrificc any power to
heat. it. The rocket ship up there seems to be getting
more and more acceleration in the level. He has me
dropping steadily to get air to run the generator. He is
going fast enough!”

  They followed beneath the pirate, faster and faster as
the rockets of the ship began to push it forward more
and more.

  “Dick, why is it he didn’t use all his rockets at first
instead of gradually increasing the power this way?”

  “If you were operating the ship, Morey, you would
understand. Look at the speedometer a moment and see
if you can figure it out I”

  “Hina—4.5 miles per second—buzzing right along;—
but I don’t see what that—good Lord! We never will
get him at this rate! How do you expect to get him?"

  “I am still in the dark on that subject. But Arcot,
I wonder why it is that he doesn’t have to use all his
rockets!” said Fuller.

  “He is going 4.5 miles a second. When he reaches 5
miles a second he will never come down from his hundred
and fifty mile high perch. He will establish an orbit!
He has so much centrifugal force already that he has
very little weight We are staying right beneath him, so
we don’t have much either. Wei 1, there he goes in a last
spurt. Wc are falling behind pretty fast—there we are
catching up now—no—we are just holding parallel!
He’s done it! Look!”

ARCOT pulled. out his. watch and let go of it. It
floated calmly in the air for a moment, then slowly
drifted back toward the rear of the room. “I am using a
bit of acceleration—a bit more than enough to maintain
our speed. Wc are up high enough to make the air
resistance almost nothing,, even at this velocity, but we
are held back enough to require some power. I don’t
know-”

  There was a low buzz, repeated twice. Instantly Morey
PIRACY PREFERRED

251

turned the dials o£ the radio receiving set—again the call
signal sounded. In a moment a voice came in—low, but
distinct. The power seemed fading rapidly.

  “-am the Pirate—help if you can. Can you get

outside the atmosphere? Exceed orbital speed and fall
out ? Am in an orbit and can’t get out. Fuel reserve gage
stuck, and used all my rockets. No more power. Can
not slow down and fall. I am running out of compressed
air and the generator for this set is going—will take
animation suspending gas—will you be able to reach me
before entering night?”

  “Quick, Morey—answer that we will.”

  “We will try, Pirate—think we can make it!”

 “O. K.—power about—now-”

  The last of his power had failed! The pirate was
marooned in space! They had seen his rockets go out,
leaving the exhaust tube glowipg for a moment before it,
too, was dark, and only tlie sun shining on tlie silvery
plane made it visible.

  “We have to hurry if we want to do anything before
he reaches night! Radio the San Francisco fields that
we will be coming in soon, and we need a large electro-
magnet—one designed to work on about 500 volts D. C.,
and some good sized storage cells; how many will have
to be decided later, depending on the room we will have
for them. I will start to slew down the ship now. We
are somewhere west of the Hawaiians, I believe, but we
ought to be able to do tlie trick if we use all the power
we can.”

  Morey at once set to work with the radio set to raise
San Francisco airport. He was soon in communication
with them, and told them that he would be there in about
one hour. They promised all the necessary materials;
also that they would get ready to receive the pirate when
he was finally brought in to them.

  “Arcot,” asked Fuller, “why don’t you just circle
around and head back, taking advantage of your speed,
instead of killing it in one direction, only to develop more
in tlie other?”

  “The circle I would have to turn in would have to
have a thousand mile radius, because any smaller circle
would mean a centrifugal force that would he fatal to us.
I will be able to turn soon, but I must slow down, first.

  It was nearer an hour and a quarter later that the
macliine fell to tlie great San Francisco landing field,
where the mechanics at once set to work bolting a huge
electro-magnet on the landing skids on the bottom of
the machine. The most serious problem was connecting
the terminals electrically without making holes in the hull
of the ship. Finally one terminal was grounded, and the
radio aerial used as the other. Fuller was left behind on
this trip, and a large number of cells were installed in
every possible position. In the power room, a hastily
arranged motor generator set was arranged, making it
possible to nm the entire ship from the batteries.
Scarcely had these been battened down to prevent slid-
ing under die accelerations necessary, than Arcot aud
Morey were off. The entire operation had required but
fifteen minutes.

  “How are you going to catch him, Arcot?”

  “I’ll overtake him going west. If I went the other
way I’d meet him going at over 10 miles a second in
relation to his machine. He had the right idea. He
told me to fall out to him at greater than orbital speed.
I will go just within the earth’s atmosphere till I get just
under him, holding myself in the air by means of a down-

warti acceleration on the part of the regular lifting power
units. I am going to try to reach eight miles a second.
We will be overhauling him at three a second, and the
ship will slow down to the right speed in falling out to
him. We must reach him before he gets into the shadow
of the earth, though, for if he reaches ‘night’ he will be
without heat, and despite the fact that he is in a suspended
animation condition, he will die of cold. I think we can
reach him, Dick!”

   “I hope so. Those spare cells are all right, aren’t they?
This acceleration is hard on anything. We will need
those! If they don’t function when we get out there,
we will fall clear off into space! At eight miles a second,
we would leave earth forever!”

  “But Dick, I don’t see how you can get eight miles
a second, when helium atoms at room temperature don’t
move that fast. They won’t drive a car that fast will
they ?”

  “Right you are Morey—but for one fact. How fast
are helium atoms going at room temperature ? Earth goes
nineteen miles a second, so they must be going fast
enough! They are always trying to go just six or seven
miles a second faster than we, no matter how fast we
go! It will be willing to drive us at eight miles a second.
But we don’t want to get too high and find the generator
won’t give power enough to slow us down so we can fall,
nor power enough to pull us down against centrifugal
force!”

   The ship was accelerating steadily at the highest value
tlie men aboard could stand safely. The needle of the
speedometer was creeping steadily across the dial. They
were flying at a height of forty miles that they might
have enough air and still not he too greatly hindered
by air resistance. The black sky above them was spotted
with points of glowing light, the blazing stars of spacc.
But as they flew along, tlie sensation of weight was
lost; they had reached orbital speed, and as the car
steadily increased its velocity, there came a strange sen-
sation! The cajth loomed gigantic above them! Be-
low them shone the sun! The direction of up and
down was changed by the terrific speed, the needle of
the speedometer was wavering at 7.8 miles a second.
Now it held steady!

   “I thought you were going to take it up to eight miles
a second, Dick?”

   “Air resistance is too great! I’ll have to go higher!”
At a height of fifty miles they continued at 8.1 miles
a second. It seemed hours before they reached the
spot where the pirate’s machine should be flying directly
above them, and they searched the black sky for some
sign of the shining dot of light. With the aid of field
glasses they found it, far ahead, and nearly one hundred
miles above. Things here in the clear space were far
more visible than they would have been if seen through
the dull atmosphere.

  “Well, here we go! I’m going to fall up the hundred
miles or so, till we are right on his path; the work done
against gravity will slow us down a little, but I will have
to use the power units somewhat. Did you notice what
I did to them?”

  “Yes, they were painted a dull black What was the
idea?”

  “We will have no air, from which to get heat for
power out here, so we will have to use sunlight. I am
using it now to slow us down as much as possible. That,
together with the air resistance and the energy needed
252

AMAZING STORIES

for raising the car one hundred miles, will be enough to
slow us down, I think!’*

  At last the tiny silver dot had grown till it took on the
form of the plane it was. They were drawing up to it
now, slowly, but steadily. At last the little machine was
directly beneath them, and a scant hundred yards away.
They had long since been forced tu run the machine on
the storage batteries, and now they applied a little power
to the vertical power units. Sluggishly, as they absorbed
the sun's heat, the' machine was forccd lower, nearer
to the machine below. At last a scant ten feet separated
them.

  “All right, Morey.”

THERE was a snap, as the temporary switch was
closed, and the current surged into the big magnet
on the keel. At once they felt the ship jump a little under
the impulse of the magnet’s pull on the smaller machine.
In a moment the little plane had drifted up to the now
idle magnet, touchcd it and was about to bounce off, when
Morey again snapped the switch shut and the two
machines were locked firmly together!

  “I’ve got him, Dick. Now slow it down till it falls.
Then we can go and wait for it. Being a glider, it ought
to be quite manageable!”

  Now the energy of the power units on the roof of
the machine began to slow down the two machines, the
magnet grinding slightly as the momentum of the plane
was thrust upon it. They watched the speedometer needle
drop. The speed was sinking very slowly, for the area
of the absorbing fins was not designed to absorb the sun’s
heat directly, and was very inefficient. The sun was
indeed sinking below their horizon; they were just be-
ginning to watch that curious phenomenon of seeing
dawn backward, when they first struck air dense enough
to operate the power units noticeably. Quickly the power
was applied till the machines sank rapidly to the warmer
levels, the only governing factor being the tendency ol'
the glider to break loose from the grip of the magnet
At fifty miles the generator was started, and the
heaters in the car at once became more active. There
was no heat in the car below, but that was unavoidable.
They would try to bring it down to warm levels quickly.

  “Whew, I’m glad we reached the air again, Dick. I
didn’t tell you sooner, for it wouldn’t have done any good,
but that battery was about gone! We had something
like twenty amp-hours left! 1 am giving the recharge
generator all she will take. We seem to have plenty of
power now.”

  “I knew the cells were low, but I had no idea they
were as low as that.! I noticed that the magnet was
weakening, but thought it was due to the added air strain.

I	am going to put the thing into a nose dive and let the
glider go down of itself. I know it would land correctly
if it had a chancc. I am going to follow it, of course,
and since we are over the middle of Siberia I think it
would be a good idea to start back.”

  The trip back was necessarily in the lower levels of
the atmosphere, that the glider might be kept reasonably
warni. At a height of but two miles, in the turbulent
atmosphere, the glider was brought slowly home. Tt took
them nearly twenty hours to go the short distance of
twelve thousand miles to San Francisco, the two men
taking turns at the controls. The air resistance of the
glider forced them to go slowly, they could not average

much better than six hundred an hour despite the fact
that the speed of either machine alone was over twelve
hundred miles an hour.

  At last the great skyscrapers of San Francisco were
showing on their horizon, and thousands of private planes
started out to meet them. Frantically Arcot warned
them away, lest the air blast from their props tear the
glider from the magnet. At last, however, the Air Guard
was able to force them to a safe distance and clear a
lane through one of the lower levels of the city traffic.
The great field of the Transcontinental lines was packed
with excited men and women, waiting to catch a glimpse
of two of the greatest tilings the country had heard of
in the century—Arcot’s molecular motion machine and
the Air Pirate!

  The landing was made safely in the circle of Air
Guardsmen. There was a small hospital plane standing
beside it in a moment, and as Arcot’s ship released it, and
then hung motionless, soundless above it, the people
watched it in wonder and excitement. They wanted to
see Arcot perform; they clamored to see the wonderful
powers of this ship in operation. Air Guardsmen who
had witnessed the flying game of tag between these two
super-air-machines had told of it through the press and
over the radio.

  “Come on, Morey, let’s give them a real show, then
go home and sleep!”

  “All right, Bill. The invisibility act ought to give
them a thrill!”

  There was a sliarp click as Morey turned on a switch—
then from the crowd below came a mighty roar of amaze-
ment! The ship was gone! Gone completely in an in-
stant! They turned to each other in astonished inquiry,
and then came another cry of astonishment as it suddenly
appeared, hanging in the air a thousand feet above the
point of its disappearance! Then it began a series of
loops, turns, twists and maneuvers utterly impossible
to any other machine. It hung motionless in the air for
an instant, then shot up toward the hot, mid-afternoon
sun with a speed that left the watchers gasping with
astonishment—and continued on its way to New York.

  Two weeks later Arcot had a visitor from the West
Coast—a handsome young man of about twenty-eight.
Morey was with him at the time. The young visitor
looked rather pale, but his six-feet-three made even
Morey look to his laurels!

  “Well, I heard you were of fairly good size, Wade,
and it is no wonder we had such a whale of a chase
catching you!” said Arcot, smiling at him. “J ust think,
even old earth couldn’t throw you down! We had to go
out and help bring you in! But, speaking seriously, T
hope you have brought your tilings with you, because if
you are willing I think the Transcontinental can afford
to let me have a new Lab worker. Dr. Marsh says you
will be a great help to me now! After looking over your
different pieces of apparatus, both at the Rocky' Moun-
tain Perch, as you called it, and in the plane, I am of the
opinion that we had better keep all the good rivals in the
family, so to speak. That was a neat piece of work on
the storage of atomic oxygen! Is it all right for you to
get the old head to work so soon?”

  “Dr. Marsh seemed to think so, Dr. Arcot, and I am
not in the habit of forcing opportunity to bruise his
knuckles! I am with you!” But if the idea for the
Atomic Hydrogen storage comes through-”

The End.
253

The Non-Gravitational Vortex

By A. Hyatt Verrill

(Continued from page 221)

of countlcss sea-fowl, and capable of supporting the lives
of such castaways as ourselves indefinitely. But we were
not doomed to remain for long marooned upon the
Frailes, as they were called. A week after we had
landed, a Portuguese whaling schooner passed within
sight; she saw our signals, tacked in close to shore, and
an hour later we were all safe aboard and bound for
Fayal, where we arrived without other adventures.

  Professor Humiston and Sir Esme are still on friendly
terms, hut each still feels that the other is a bit off,
though they never mention nor allude to the matter.
All references to their strange experiences are tabooed,
hut on the subject of wild game preservation they
are entirely in accord. And as neither remembers any-
thing whatsoever in regard lo that strange, mysterious
force we called Esmeism, and, as all of its discoverer's
records, instruments, data and other material were lost
with the Loch Lovern, the world has never learned the
truth. Sir Esme still believes his yacht was destroyed by
a terrific atmospheric disturbance—a local cyclone or
tornado—and Professor Humiston is convinced that the
same whirlwind wrecked the Santa lues. And never,
since that first day when we had taken refuge on the
derelict, have I attempted to disabuse llieir minds of
their hallucinations nor have I tried to recall the past to
them.

  And sometimes, when I am with my two friends, I
begin to have doubts myself. I begin to have most dis-

The

turbing thoughts and to wonder if, by any possibility,
it is I who have the hallucinations; if the whole memory
of Sir Esme's weird and amazing experiments, the search
for the Esmeismic areas, the fate of the yacht, are not
all figments of my imagination, the result of the strain
of my experiences. Always, when such half-formed
doubts assail me, I seek out Hobson, who is now a
paunchy, prosperous waterman at Great Marlowe on the
Thames, where he does an excellent business renting
punts and canoes. And over glasses of ale in the cozy
little pub he keeps beside the river, we talk over old
times and the loss of the Loch Lovern, and I feel vastly
relieved and quite reassured when Hobson confirms my
memory of what we saw.

  “Lor’ love ye!” he exclaims. ,;Didn’ I see her with
me own eyes, aflyin’ ’round an’ ’round like a carousel
at a fair, with a hill o’ water ’neath her keel, an’ nigh
onto a cable’s length o’ thin air Iwixt her an’ the sea?
Aye, sir, a rum sight as ever was, though I ne’er men-
tions of it to no one. bein', as did I, they’d be callin’
of me a bloomin’ liar an’ laughin’ at it for a sailor’s yarn.
But me an’ you knows what we seen, sir, an’ no denyin’
of it. An’ ’twas that as made me give up the sea an’
tyke up with this here. That an’ mem’ry o’ Cap’n Isbis-
ter an’ me mates gone to Davy Jones in that devil's own
giddy-go-round. And how's Sir Esme, sir, an’ yon
professor cliap what was Harvey afore the Loch Lovern
come to a end, sir?”

End

READERS’ VOTE	OF PREFERENCE

Stories I like:	Stories I do not like:

1..................................................... 1.....................................

2..................................................... 2.....................................

	3..................................................... 3.....................................

	4..................................................... 4.....................................

Why:	Why:

    This is YOUR magazine. Only by knowing- what stories you like, can we please you. Fill out this coupon, or
enpy it and mail it to Amazing Stories, 381 Fourth Avenue, New York City, telling us what type of story—interplane-
tary, biological, psychological, archeological or other kind—you prefer.

    Also, we are very much interested in knowing bow you like our new dress and make-up. Wc are trying to make
Amazing Stories a real magazine, but we need your help.

I prefer........................................................

Name....................................................... City..

Address..................................................... State.
Un

      The

IVERSE

Wrec

KERS

A Serial in Three Parts.—Part II

By Edmond Hamilton

'Author of "The Other Side of the Moon!’ "Locked Worlds.” etc.

JVTEPTZJNE is nearly three thousand millions of miles from the sun, but that does
not necessarily mean that some kind of life is absolutely impossible on it. It may
be, of course, if there are intelligent beings on that planet, that they in their turn are
convinced that even the earth is uninhabitable because it must be so unendurably hot,
being so close to a great heat-giving mass. Creatures may well have evolved on that
distant planet to fit with the conditions there, just as human beings, as we know them,
are adapted to our particular atmosphere. At any rate, this well-known author gives
us a picturesque and striking idea on this subject, and in this second instalment con-
tinues his tale of Neptunian life and intelligence at an accelerating pace—almost
equal to the increase of rotatory speed these creatures are forcing on our sun. From
their point of view, these extraordinary creatures feel justified in threatening all the
nearer planets. It seems inevitable, however that our view on earth should differ.

Illustrated by WESSO

WHAT WENT BEFORE

TEfHEN tin! scientific world confirms Dr. Minim's observations on ill©
alarmingly perceptible increase in the rotatory speed of tlie Min,
matters have taken a aerioua turn. During a conference at the Capitol,
at which a number of eminent astronomers are present, various theories
are propounded as to the cause of this accelerating speed and its effect
on the Barth, They are convinced that the cause, whatever it may be,
is on Neptnne, and that several men must he sent In Neptune to learn
the cause and perhaps find u cure.

   The impossible is accomplished. A Space-flier in built and outfitted
in record time and is sent on its way with three scientists—Drs. Marlin,
Wlately, Randall Markham—and Hunt, who is to report on the
findings and the trip. Hunt is the relator of the story. Four space-
vulkers, specially designed to he used by the men outside of the space-
flier in interplanetary space in case of an cmcrgcncv, are also included
among the accessories.

   All goes well until the space-flier reaches the asteroid nono, where
they are iu imminent danger. They escape with only minor dam*
ages, which they repair in open space by means of the space-walkers.
A comparatively short time later they come within the atmosphere of
Neptune, and find that planet’s surface completely covered by a metal
roof. They go along and above this roof, until they come to a circular
opening, through which they enter. Once beneath the metal shield,
they sec vast luunpartment.citieB with counties* strange structures. They
decide to separate, so Marlin and Hunt, in the space-walkers, venture
further to learn about Neptune and the disk-like beings that prove
to bo the inhabitants of this planet.

   In the midat of their investigations. Hunt and Marlin look up to see
the space-ship attacked by the Neptunians and part of it rent asunder.
They continue on Ibeir way, bemoaning the loss of their friends, but
more intent than evor to find the caupe of the trouble. Soon they
are discovered by some of these disk-like creatures, who, immediately
after the foremost one utters a staccato cry, fling themselves straight
forward upon Marlin and Hunt.

CHAPTER VII

The Giant Ray

THE minute that followed was a grotesque
whirl of swift action, a desperate reeling
struggle between Marlin and me eased in our
great space-walkers, and the great disk-
bodied Neptunians. Even as they had leaped
upon us, we had shot to one side, had brought down upon
the foremost of them the great steel bars carried in our
pincer-like metal hands, and had sent two of than crum-
pling to the black paving with a thick green liquid oozing
from their shattered bodies. The remainder, though,
were upon us before we could strike again, and then as
they gripped us I could see the Neptunians who had been
working in the adjoining compartment come running
toward the combat, to assist their fellows. So that
though Marlin and I struck out with desperate fury
at the monstrous creatures with the great metal jointed
arms of our space-walkers, they had in a moment more
with their numberless limbs fettered our arms and torn

254
255
256

AMAZING STORIES

the bars from our grasp, holding us then motionless and
helpless.

  Thus held, part of the creatures stepped back from us,
and then we heard one of them, who bore a single,
crimson-circle device upon his metal dress or armor,
utter a staccato order to the others. At once four of
them drew from their armor the long- tubes we had
noted there, and trained them upon us. I knew, in-
stinctively, that those tabes held some deadly force like
rhat with which the cylinders had attacked our space-
flier in the battle in mid-air. Later I was to learn that
the tubes could release a force-ray similar to that used
for propulsion by our space-flier and by the cylinders—
a force-ray so concentrated into a pencil-like beam that,
instead of merely pressing against whatever it struck,
it pierced whatever it touched with terrific force, riving
it asunder. Knowing the deadliness of the tubes. I
looked for instant annihilation.

  But it was evident in a moment that it was only as a
precaution that the tubes were held upon us. For now,
while a half-score of the Neptnnians held Marlin and
me firmly by the arms of our space-walkers, the one who
had given the order came closer to us, clambered with his
powerful multiple limbs upon the top of my space-walker,
and gazed in through its vision-windows at me. To see
those bulging, glassy and insect-like eyes outside the
window so close to my own struck me through with a
chilling horror greater than anything I had yet felt.
I saw that the creature had discerned me inside the space-
walker, had assured himself that creatures of life yet
different from himself occupied the two cylinders. For
in a moment he had clambered back down to the ground,
and then as he-uttered another sharp order, the creatures
that held us were dragging us forward, toward the door
of the compartment into which we had looked before.

  Through that low door they dragged us in our space-
walkers, and across the adjoining compartment toward one
of the great upright cylinders resting there. In another
moment the Neptunians had pulled us inside the door of
that cylinder into its dark opening, and I saw the one who
had given the orders following, with a half-dozen of his
fellows. The others were dispersing to the other cylin-
ders, and in a moment the door of our own slid clanging
shut behind us. Then there was a hissing and throbbing
of strange machinery in the dark interior of the cylinder
about us, and at the same moment the leader of the Nep-
tunians motioned to us to emerge from our space-
walkers, having removed their own glowing ball-heaters.

  I think that both Marlin and I hesitated for a long
moment before complying with that command, yet we'
saw that upon us still were trained the tubes of the four
Neptunians who guarded us, so reluctantly we threw
open the lower doors of the space-walkers and emerged
from them. As we did so, forgetful for the moment of
the strange creatures about us, we gazed in amazed in-
terest around us. The huge cylinder’s interior, we saw,
was divided into a half-dozen compartments by metal
floors or ceilings, set at. intervals of ten or twelve feet
from its bottom to its top. A light metal ladder ran
tip through openings in all of the those floors or divisions,
and up that ladder now a few of the many-limbed Nep-
tunians were hurrying toward the upper compartments.
We ourselves were standing, with the Neptunian leader
of the red circle-insignia, in the lowest or bottom com-
partment of the cylinder, his four tube-armed guards and
a half-dozen green disk-bodied monsters about us.

  That lowest compartment held great gleaming-cased
mechanisms, from which came the throbbing that we had
already heard, and that was so exactly similar to the
throb of our space-flier’s generators as to remove all
doubt but that these were the similar generators of the
cylinder. As our eyes roved about them the Neptunian
leader uttered a staccato command, at the same time
pointing with one of his seven limbs, up toward the
ladder. His meaning was unmistakable, and at once
Marlin and I stepped toward the ladder and began to
climb upward on it, the tubes of the four watchful guards
just beneath us as they followed. As we passed up that
ladder, through the upper sections of the cylinder’s in-
terior, I saw vaguely the things within those sections.

  One of them held the dissembled parts of the great
cogged mechanisms we had seen them taking down and
storing inside the cylinders. Another two or three sec-
tions held similar dissembled parts of differing machines
that had evidently been taken from another part of the
dead vast compartment-city beneath. We passed up
through sections that held supplies and strange tank-like
affairs, that seemed not unlike the batteries of our own
space-flier, and then were climbing up into the topmost
section of the cylinder. This was a section whose top
and walls were set with so many windows as to make
its sides seem quite transparent. And this topmost
section, in which a pair of Neptunians already were
standing, was quite apparently the control-scction.

  For at its center rose from its floor a tluck metal pillar
or standard, upon the top and sides of which were set a
battery of dozens of small green studs, and around this
were strange seats in which the two waiting Neptunians
were now taking their places. As Marlin and I climbed
into that uppermost section, the guards and the leader of
the disk-bodied Neptunians behind us, we gazed won-
deringly about, at the central control-standard and at
the srrange graduated scales with moving dots of light
upon them, that were set here and there in the walls
and that seerned recording instruments of one kind or
another. Then the crimson-marked leader liad given
utterance to another sharp succession of snapping sounds,

  swift command, at the same time motioning us to the
side of the circular room, where were similar low, strange
seats. In these we seated ourselves, the four Neptunians
who watchcd us taking places on either side of us, and
then as the leader took the remaining seat at the control-
standard, we saw one of the other two seated there reach
forth with strange quick limbs and touch a number, of
the studs in swift succession.

  At once the . great throbbing of the generators or
mechanisms in the cylinder’s lowest section intensified,
and as Marlin and I gazed quickly outward through the
windows about us we saw that now the other cylinders
in the compartment were all closed and throbbing- like
this one. Then, as one of the Neptunians at the control-
standard touched another stud, the cylinder in w’hich
we were rose swiftly upward and out of the great black-
walled compartment, rose up smoothly over the dead
compartment-city into the pale light of the Neptunian
day, followed at once by the three other cylinders. The
dim day about us was already waning, fading, as night
crept across this huge world of silence and death, with
its ceaseless rotation, but there remained still enough
light for us to see far across the mighty maze of compart-
ments that was the deserted and dead city. And now
across that city the four cylinders were rushing, racing
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

257

over It in horizontal position, the strange seats upon
which we and the Neptunians were seated swinging in
gimbal-like frameworks as the cylinder swung thus from
vertical to horizontal.

OVER the huge compartment-city our four cylinders
flashed, then slowed and halted, as up from another
point in it rose four more cylinders, the four that we had
seen land in a different part of it, and whose occupants
had discovered and captured us. Then all of the eight
great cylinders, our own in the lead, were rising sharply
upward, tip toward the opening in the vast roof above,
through which we had seen them come. As they shot
up toward it. Marlin and I, glancing down and backward,
could see, even as we had seen from our space-fiier, the
vast extent of the dead and deserted compartment-city,
with its mechanisms and huge globes and high black inter-
secting walls lying now in such dusty silence and death.
Yet it was only for a moment that we glanced back
toward it, for now our eighL cylinders were flashing up
through the round opening in the huge roof, and out over
that vast roof, seeming solid metal from above, that
covered all of mighty Neptune. And as wc flashed over
it, now, I found for the first time opportunity to whisper
to Marlin, beside me.

  “They’re leaving Neptune!” I whispered. “Where
fcan they be going, Marlin ? And what lias happened to
Whitely and Randall ?”

  lie shook his head, answered in tire same low tones.
“Whitely and Randall have escaped, I hope. They had a
small start on their pursuers—they may have eluded them
here above Neptune-”

  We were abruptly silent as the guards glanced sus-
piciously toward us with their bulging multiple eyes.
And as the great cylinder and those behind shot on, the
huge metal roof of Neptune below and the vast vapor-
masses of its dense atmosphere stretched above us, I
wondered if ever men had found themselves in the
position that now was ours. Captured by monstrous
disk-bodied beings of horror unutterable, flashing with
them above the vast roof that sheathed Neptune and its
dead, deserted and colossal compartment-city, to a des-
tination of which we could not dream! And as that
thought passed, another came, and I remembered the
great mission that had brought us out here to the terrors
of mighty Neptune, our great flight outward to fir.d and
put an end to the huge force-ray that was stabbing across"
the solar system and turning the sun ever faster, with
every day bringing it nearer to the division that meant
doom for almost all its universe. What chance was ours
to' accomplish that mission now', separated and captured
as we were, not knowing even from what source the
great ray was issuing, from what strange place these disk-
bodied beings had come and to which they were now
returning?

  I was aroused from my silent despair, though, by a
low exclamation from Marlin, and looked up to see that
the cylinders of which our own was foremost had now
halted, hanging midway between metal roof beneath and
great vapor-masses above. Then down from above I saw,
dropping quickly toward us, three other, cylinders similar
to the eight, three cylinders at sight of which my heart
beat suddenly faster. For it had been three cylinders
that had pursued Whitely and Randall in the space-fiier!
Tensely I watched as the three drove down among our
eight, and then one of them had shot suddenly close to

the cylinder in which we were, hanging beside it so that
its low door-opening was directly touching the door-
opening of our own. There was a clang of metal beneath
as the doors of both cylinders slid aside. They fitted so
closely against each other that no colder air from without
could enter into the warmed interior of the two cylinders.
Then from the other were coining into our own cylinder
three Neptunians who climbed swiftly up into the top-
section in which we were, while Marlin and I watched
them in indescribable suspense.

  As they came up into the uppermost section they
spoke in their sharp, staccato talk to the Neptunian leader
of the crun-son-circle insignia, making report to him, it
was apparent. But it was not to their snapping speech
that Marlin and T gave our attention, but to the things
they carried in their grip, and which they were showing
to the leader. Those tilings, I saw with a start of horror,
were some shattered and crumpled plates of metal, great
flat metal plates that I recognized immediately as being
of our space-flierVfaceted sides! And they also held
a broken, twisted metal thing that I recognized in-
stantly as one of the space-Ilier’s smaller liquid-oxygen
tanks! I needed not to understand the strange speech of
the Neptunians in that moment to understand what the
three were reporting. For those shattered fragments of
the space-fiier told the tale with terrible clearness.

  “Whitely and Randall!” It was Marlin’s whisper of
horror beside me. “They were caught by those pursuing
cylinders—were annihilated by their rays-!”

  “Whitely and Randall-” I felt my voice choke

then, as I gazed at those last fragments of the space-
flier’s wreckage, mutely testifying to the end which our
friends had met with beneath the shattering rays in their
space-flier somewhere in the cold, vast vapor-masses
above us.

  Whitely—cool and dctachcd and steady, stirred to pas-
sion by nothing save some unprecedented physical phe-
nomenon, considering with curious, impersonal eyes each
new peril that had confronted us; and Randall—with
his sunny hair and eager young courage and unfailing
sense of fun; it was as though they had risen before me
in that moment, when wc saw at last what death had
overtaken them and our space-flier there in the chill
clouds of mighty Neptune. T felt Marlin’s steadying
hand on my shoulder and knew that he was sounding
similar depths of despair. For with Whitely and Randall
gone, with our space-fiier and with ourselves captured
and held hv these monstrous disk-bodied Neptunians
who yet seemed not of Neptune, our chance to halt the
great doom-ray that was radiating toward the sun, our
chance even lo return to earth with word of. the position
and nature of that ray’s source, was gone also!

  Through the despair that had sunken upon me I was
aware, in a moment, that the throbbing of the cylinder’s
great generators had waxed again in intensity. Already
the three Neptunians, who had reported the destruction
of the space-flier, had returned to their own cylinder,
which had separated from ours, and now the whole eleven
cylinders, our own in the lead, were racing forward once
more, were shooting forward between the great vapor-
masses above and the vast metal roof below. At im-
mense and mounting speed they shot forward, a dull
roar of whistling air coming to us from without, and in
a riioment the pale, dim light about us had begun to
change to dnsk, to darkness, as we shot on. For the
eleven cylinders were racing around the surface of Ne.p-
258

AMAZING

STORIES

tune toward the side o£ it away from the sun at the
moment, and aS they entered the. shade of that side they
were plunging through the eternal night. But as the
cylinders shot on they seemed to need no light or star
to guide them through the deep darkness, though all that
was visible was an occasional glinting of the great metal
roof below.

  On we shot through that deep darkness and there
rose in me'a sudden thought that roused me a little from
tlie despair that held Marlin 'and me. Could it be that
upon that other side there still remained a remnant ox
their race? A remnant of the race, that once had built
the mighty compartment-city that covered all Neptune
and the vast roof that shielded it, but that now occupied
but a small part of the huge city? Was it from Nep-
tune’s other side, then, that the giant force-ray had
stabbed toward the sun? Yet how could that be so,
how could that great ray be shot out from any point of
Neptune unceasingly as it was, when each twenty hours
the great planet turned on its axis, when for half of that
twenty hours whatever point that was the ray’s source
would be turned away from the sun instead of toward it ?

WITH tense interest Marlin and I gazed ahead into
the darkness through which our cylinders were
rushing, while at the control-standard the leader and the
other two Neptunians manipulated the force-rays that
were propelling onward the cylinder in which we were,
At last, after some minutes of this rushing flight of im-
mense velocity, the cylinders seemed to slow down, to
pause. Looking out I could discern the surface of the
gigantic metal roof below us, just showing itself to us
by a little glint of light here and there from it, and in
that moment Marlin and I waited in suspense for the
cylinders to sink down toward and through it, to what-
ever place upon Neptune’s other side it was that held
the remainder of their strange races, since by then, we
knew, wc were at that side of Neptune almost exactly
opposite tlie sun. Only a moment the cylinders slowed
and paused, and then were leaping through the air again
at mounting speed. But instead of flashing downward-
toward the great roof, they were flashing upward!

  Upward they were shooting, up through the dense air
and straight into die great vapor-masses that loomed
above us! Through those great clouds they were racing
then, driving upward through them as through a darker
darkness, and then suddenly had shot up and out from
them, up and out into the clear raid thinner air of
Neptune’s atmosphere’s outermost limits. Behind our
cylinders thus lay the huge, vapor-wreathed planet, shut-
ting out by its vast bulk all sight of the sun's distant little
disk of fire, or of the greater planets. But before us
there stretched once more the black vault of space, un-
folding itself to our eyes for the first time since we had
ventured down through those, shrouding vapors to Nep-
tune’s surface.

  Brightest in that black void there shone, before and
somewhat above us, Triton, the moon of Neptune. It
was almost white in color, tinged with the pale green of
great Neptune, about which it moved, and seeming of
the same size to our eyes as earth’s own moon. Beyond
and all about it, though, there flamed the great stars,
seeming the same to our eyes here at the solar system’s
outermost limits as they had seemed to us when far
within it, at earth. The great field of stars and slar-
clusters that was Sagittarius,- straight ahead and upward.

the irregular parallelogram of Capricorn’s stars, to the
loft, the throbbing crimson heart and jeweled menacing
claws of Scorpio, to the right—all seemed to our eyes
as they had seemed when we had started—how long ago
it seemed!—out from earth toward great Neptune, that
lay now behind us. Yet now, with Neptune' behind us,
our eleven cylinders were flashing forward with greater
and greater speed, were Hashing out apparently from the
solar system’s last outpost into the vast void of inter-
stellar space!

  “They’re going on—going out from Neptune into outer
space!” i exclaimed to Marlin, as we gazed ahead, trans-
fixed.

  But suddenly lie shook his head, pointing ahead aiid
upward, for now the cylinders were flashing upward as
well as forward. "It’s Triton they’re heading toward!”
he said. ‘’‘Triton—Neptune’s single moon!”

  “Triton!” I exclaimed, thunderstruck with amazement.
“Then—then—it must be on Triton that the remaining
Neptunians now are!”

  Triton! For it was up toward it, up toward the white,
green-tinged moon of Neptune that shone. dully in the
black vault above and ahead of us, that the eleven cylin-
ders, our own in the lead, were heading! And as they
shot out of the last limits of the atmosphere of Neptune,
as they flashed forward at swiftly mounting speed still
toward the moon, I could but stare at it in amazement.
Triton! It was from it, then, that there had come these
strange disk-bodied Neptunians who had captured us,
who had annihilated our space-flier and our friends. It
was on Triton, then, that there must remain whatever
Neptunians still were left of those who had built the vast
compartmcnt-city that eovcred all the surface of Neptune
itself, who had shielded it with that gigantic floating roof
that enclosed all the mighty planet. Yet why had they
deserted their vast compartment-city, their great world
of Neptune ? Why had they left that world for the single
moon of Neptune, so much smaller in size? And the
giant force-ray that was shooting across space to the
sun, turning it ever faster, was it from Neptune then or
Triton that that colossal ray was radiating?

  It seemed to me that these questions were spinning
in my head in a kaleidoscopic whirl of enigmas, as our
throbbing cylinder and the ten behind it shot on and
upward at a great slant toward the dull-gleaming sphere
of Triton. Marlin, beside me, was staring ahead ob-
viously as much mystified as I was, while the four .Nep-
tunians ranged on either side of us kept their ceaseless
watch upon us. The other three sat still at the central
control-standard, directing the cylinder 011 its rush out
from Neptune, toward its moon. And now, that moon
grew larger ahead of us and above us, a strangely-gleam-
ing sphere that seemed still very small, in comparison
with the huge pale green disk of mighty Neptune that
loomed behind us.

  I knew, though, that Triton was of the same approx-
imate size as earth’s own moon, and revolved around the
great planet at the same approximate distance as earth’s
own moon, roughly a quarter of a million miles. As we
had noted from our space-flicr in flashing out toward
Neptune, its moon was now behind the great planet, that
is on the other side of it from the sun, but due to the
sharp inclination of the- plane of Triton’s orbit around
Neptune, it was so much higher than its great planet in
space as to make it possible to see the single moon, even
from Neptune’s sunward side. Aud now as our eleven
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

259

cylinders shot toward it, it was spreading out across
the black vault of the heavens before and above us, until
at last we were within a few thousand miles of it and
the speed of the cylinder was perceptibly decreasing be-
neath the controls of the three at the central standard.

  Smoothly the cylinder, and the ten behind it, slowed,
until they were racing forward at a comparatively low
velocity. Triton’s dull-gleaming sphere filled the heavens
before us. Behind and a little below the great green
disk of Neptune, belted with the vast cloud-masses of its
immense atmosphere, loomed almost as great as ever to
our eyes. And far beyond it there burned the sun’s
bright little disk, just above the huge sphere of Neptune,
and visible to us through the thinner vapors of Neptune’s
uppermost atmosphere. We turned back toward the
nearer world of Triton. As the cylinders rushed on
toward it, all the suspense of expectation and mystery
that had been ours since our first arrival at the strange
dead world of Neptune gripped us now with renewed
power. And as Marlin and I stared ahead we were
aware that the cylinders were dropping, swinging about
our pivoted seats and dropping toward the surface of
Triton that seemed now to gleam beneath us.

  Toward it we smoothly shot, and as Marlin and I
gazed intently down we saw that there were below
none of the great cloud-masses that wreathed the surface
of mighty Neptune. Instead was only a smooth and
strangely gleaming surface that we could but vaguely
glimpse, and the sight of which made my beart pound
in sudden anticipation. Could the thing lie—could it be

that here upon Triton as upon Neptune-? But my

wondering speculations were cut abruptly short by reality
as we shot lower toward tlie surface of Triton, as that
surface came clearly at last to the eyes of Marlin and
myself, bringing involuntary exclamations of amazement
from us. For that surface was metal! Triton was
shielded on all sides by a giant metal roof similar to
that which enclosed great Neptune itself!

DOWN toward that mighty roof our eleven cylinders
were rushing. When they seemed just above it,
they halted their drop and raced along above it, around
Triton’s vastly curving surface. As they did so, Marlin
and I, gazing downward, saw that the vast roof that
shielded Triton appeared to be, from above, of the same
dark metal as that which protected Neptune, and that
it extended away without break or seam as far as we
could see over the big moon’s surface. And as our
cylinders flashed above it, around the world's surface,
we were aware that Triton had an atmosphere even as
had its great parent world, since from outside was coming
the dull roar of air against the speeding cylinder. It was
a fact startling enough, but at that moment it was driven
from our minds by a thing more startling still.

  For as we flashed thus around Triton's sunward side,
Marlin suddenly uttered a hoarse exclamation, pointed
ahead and to the left. I gazed in that direction instantly
and for a moment saw nothing unusual, but then as the
cylinders flashed on I saw that in that direction was what
seemed a great round opening in the smooth, dark metal,
a titanic circular opening that must be miles across. Up
out of that opening was rising what seemed at first glance
a vast cylinder of pale light that sprang straight up and
outward from the gigantic opening, and that was only
visible for a short distance above that opening, fading
swiftly into invisibility as it shot out into the gulf of

space from Triton. Instinctively my eyes followed the
fading length of that mighty beam outward, and then
as they did so I felt sudden, awed understanding de-'
scending upon me and stared with Marlin toward the
giant pit and its great ray in stunned silence. For that
giant ray was pointing straight into the great gulf of
space, toward the tiny, fiery disk of the distant sun!

  “The giant force-ray!” Marlin whispered. "The great
force-ray that’s turning the sun ever faster—and that
we came out here to find!”

  “And pointing straight toward the sun!” I exclaimed.
“Pointing through Neptune’s upper atmosphere toward
the sun!”

  For we could see now that,the giant ray, visible only
there at its source, must indeed be cleaving through the
upper limits of great Neptune’s atmosphere as it reached
across the great gulf toward the sun. For since Triton
was on the other side of Neptune from the sun, was
on its outward side, the great green sphere of Neptune
lay almost between the sun and Triton, the big moon being
high enough above the great planet, though, due to the
inclination of its orbital plane, to make the sun visible
to it through the upper readies of Neptune’s vast atmos-
phere. Through that atmosphere, therefore, we knew,
the giant force-ray must be driving on its path across
the solar system toward the sun, hurtling across the gulf
to strike against that spinning sun’s edge with terrific
pressure and to spin it ever faster toward that day of
division and doom that wras mardiing relentlessly upon it!

  But as our cylinders now swept nearer toward the
giant force-ray and the pit from w'hich it stabbed up
and outward, Marlin and I were staring obliquely down
into that vast pit. Seen from the side as we saw it,
the tremendous opening seemed only like a mighty well
of metal, from which the colossal pale force-ray, almost
as great in diameter as the huge pit, stabbed. We could
see, however, that set near the great pit's top at regular
intervals around its curving wall were what seemed metal
cube-like rooms, which were set on the pit’s smooth
curving wall. They were a score in number, those out-
jutting metal cubes, and from slits in their walls came
light from within, and glimpses of stud-covered walls
and Neptimians moving about them. We knew, without
doubt, that those twenty cubes held within them the
unthinkably complex controls of this mighty force-ray
that was destroying the solar system!

  But now our cylinder and the ten that drove close
behind it were passing the vast pit, the huge force-ray.
I noted that they took extreme care to pass pit and mighty
ray at a respectable distance, and knew, too, the reason
for it, knew that any luckless cylinder that blundered into
that colossal out-stabbing ray would be driven instantly at
terrific speed and force out through the solar system and
into the sun that the ray was striking! So that it did
not surprise us that the cylinders veered far to the
side of the huge ray, picking up speed once more when
they had passed it, and racing on around Triton’s metal-
shielded surface and through the cold, dense atmosphere
outside it. But as the cylinders drove on the eyes of Mar-
lin and myself now were turned backward, back toward
that gigantic pale ray of awful force that shot ceaselessly
up and out from that vast pit in Triton’s metal side.

  “We've found it—the great ray we came out here to
find—the source of that ray,” I exclaimed to Marlin,
“but we’ve found it too late! Whitely and Randall and
the space-flier annihilated—we captured-”
260

AMAZING STORIES

  He bent toward me. "Keep your courage up, Hunt,”
he said. “We may have a chance yet to get free—to get
away from this world of Triton before they take us down
inside it.”

  “But what—?” I began, when with a gesture he cut
me short. “No more now, Hunt—the guards are watch-
ing. But be ready to act if a chance shows itself, for
once down in Triton, we’ll probably have no chance.”

  I saw that the four disk-bodied Neptunians who sat
about us and guarded us were indeed watching us closely
now with their strange bulging eyes, so gave over for the
moment our whispered conversation, though with a slight
gleam of hope. Glancing back again toward the great
force-ray that was almost invisible behind us as the
eleven cylinders raced on around Triton’s metal surface,
I was aware that Marlin was staring back toward it also,
intently, shaking his head a little, as though puzzled by
something concerning that giant beam of force. In a
moment he turned his attention ahead. Our cylinders
now were flashing around Triton from its sunward side
to its dark side, and as we rushed on Marlin and I could
see that to all appearances Triton was not rotating, or
at least not above a low rate of speed. Then as we
entered into the deeper shadow of the dark side, the
sun's little disk vanishing behind us as we shot around
Triton’s curving surface into the shadow, Marlin uttered
a low exclamation once more, and as I turned to look
in the same direction I saw that far ahead there was
stabbing out and upward into the black void of outer
space a second giant force-ray like that one we had al-
ready seen shooting toward the sun!

   Stupefied, I gazed toward it. For the first giant force-
ray, amazing as it was, had yet been expected by us, more
or less, since we had known from the first that such a
colossal force-beam was stabbing from the region of
Neptune toward the sun. But this second mighty force-
ray, which seemed exactly the same in size and appear-
ance and which rose from a giant pit or well in the vast
metal roof even as did the first, was not directed toward
the sun. For it was on the other side of Triton from
the first ray, was exactly half around Triton from the first
and was going out into space in an exactly opposite di-
rection ! Thus while the first colossal force-ray, springing
out from Triton's sunward side, shot straight toward the
sun, this second huge force-ray, on Triton’s dark or outer
side, was radiating straight out into the vast void of
interstellar space, was radiating straight out, to all ap-
pearances, toward the unthinkably distant stars of Sag-
ittarius that burned in that mighty void!

   What could be the meaning of this other colossal force-
ray, of equal size and power, going out into the vast
void outside the solar system ? The first great ray that
was shooting toward the sun and turning the sun ever
faster—its purpose was at least comprehensible, but what
purpose could there be in sending an opposite and equal
ray out into the mighty void from Triton’s other side?
That was the question that whirled in my astounded brain
in that moment as the eleven cylinders shot on toward
that second great ray, over Triton’s metal surface. Mar-
lin, though, on seeing that second great ray, seemed to
be less puzzled than before. It seemed to have solved
for him some problem which the sight of the first huge
ray had suggested. To me it was utterly incompre-
hensible, and perplexed and awed I watched that huge
pale ray and the vast pit from which it sprang as we
raced toward them. I saw that on that pit’s curving walls

there jutted forth a score of cube-like projections or
control-rooms similar to those in the pit of the first ray.
Then I forgot pit and rays alike as the cylinder in which
we were and all those behind it slowed suddenly in mid-
air and then dipped sharply downward.

DOWN and down they shot, toward the vast gleam-
ing metal roof of great Triton; down, until we saw
that just beneath us there was outlined in that roof a
great circle, slightly sunken. Toward this the cylinders
dropped, and then as they came to a pause just above it
I saw that set beside that circle in the roof was a trans-
parent section beneath which was a small cage-like room,
brightly lit. In this were a half-dozen Neptunians, and
as they saw the eleven cylinders dropping and pausing
above the circle in the roof they turned swiftly, pressed
what seemed a series of knobs in their cage-room, and
at once the great sunken circle beneath us was sliding
along beneath the roof to one side, sliding smoothly away
and leaving thus beneath us a great circular opening in
the roof.

  Instantly up from that opening around our cylinders
was rushing a torrent of air, a torrent of uprushing air
that I understod well was caused by the wanner air
beneath the roof rushing up into the colder outside at-
mosphere. But now down through that opening and
through the air-currents the cylinders were swiftly drop-
ping, and we could see far below in dim light a great
compartment-city like the one we had found upon
Neptune! In a moment more we would be below the
roof, the opening closed above us, prisoned hopelessly
in Triton to meet whatever fate our captors decreed. Al-
ready two of our four guards, and two of the Neptunians
at the control-standard, had left the cylinder’s upmost
section and had clambered down the ladder to the lowest
section in preparation for emerging. There was left
with us in the upmost section of the cylinder only two
guards and the Neptunian leader of the crimson-circle
insignia at the control standard. And as I saw that, I
was leaning quietly toward Marlin.

  “Now’s our chance. Marlin!” I whispered tensely. “If
wc could overpower these three Neptunians and the rest
beneath afterward we might yet get back to earth!”

  He glanced calmly around, then nodded. “We'll take
it!” he whispered. “Once beneath this roof of Triton,
there’ll be no chance.”

  “Go for the guard beside you, then, when I cough as
signal,” I told him. “If we can dispose of them and the
leader there we can hold the rest below for a time.”

  He met my eyes with his own, then turned and as
though merely shifting a little in his seat moved nearer
toward the guard on his side. I had already done the
same toward the disk-bodied monster beside myself, both
guards having slightly relaxed their first watchfulness. I
glanced out, saw that even at that moment our cylinder
was sinking with the otiiers toward the great opening
in the roof and knew that no moment was to be lost. So,
with heart beating rapidly now, even as our cylinder
prepared to sink down through the opening with the
rest, I coughed slightly. In the next moment I had
flung myself with a single motion upon the Neptunian
guard beside me and had seen Marlin in the same instant
throwing himself on the monster at his own side!

  The moment following was of such swift action as to
defy the memory. In my leap upon the Neptunian beside
me it had been my first object to knock his tube from
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

261

his grasp before he could loose its rays upon me, and so
swift and sudden was my attack that I did so, as did
Marlin with the other guard. With the same motion,
even as the guard's seven great limbs reached toward me,
I had grasped his big disk-body and then with a super-
human effort had raised it in my arms and had cast him
from me, down through the opening in the section’s floor
to crumple against the floor of one of the sections
below! I whirled, saw that the other guard had gripped
Marlin and was bearing him down, and then even as
there came from beneath and from the Neptunian leader
at the controls sLaccato cries of alarm, I had gripped that
other guard likewise and hurled him across the cylinder
to strike with stunning force against its wall! Then
Marlin and I were whirling toward the Neptunian leader
at the control-standard, but in the moment that we turned
toward him we stopped short. For that Neptunian had
leaped aside from the controls of the cylinder and had
swiftly drawn his own ray-tube!

CHAPTER VITT

Prisoned on Triton

NOTHING, T know now, of our own doing could
ever have saved us from the death that in that
moment loomed dark and close above us. For,
as the Neptunian leader raised the tube toward us, I
knew that before ever a leap could Lake us across the
cylinder to him, the pencil-like rays of force from his
tube would be tearing through us. For that split-second,
therefore, escape seemed impossible, and then before we
could fully realize the situation there came an interrup-
tion. The currents of warmer air from the opening just
beneath, down through which the cylinder had been
dropping with the others, were sweeping still upward with
great force around the cylinder. Only the Neptunian’s
grasp on the controls had kept the cylinder heading down
through those currents, and now, as he leaped away from
the controls for the moment and drew his tube, those
currents immediately seized upon the unguidcd cylinder
and in the next moment had whirled it over and sidewise
with immense speed and power! And as it whirled thus
over, Marlin and myself and the Neptunian before us
were thrown instantly and indiscriminately to the cylin-
der’s side!

  For a moment we rolled helplesly about the whirling
cylinder’s interior, about the upmost section, and in that
moment all thought of battle had left us. Then, as I
felt Marlin and the Neptunian leader and the stunned
guard rolling with me indiscriminately, I was aware, too,
of cries from the cylinder’s other sections and of Nep-
tunians drawing themselves up to the upmost section on
the ladder. Abruptly, in a moment more the cylinder
steadied, hung poised and upright as before, and then as
Marlin and I scrambled to our feet we saw that a trio
of the Neptunians beneath had made their way up to
the upmost section, despite the cylinder’s whirling, by
means of Lheir multiple limbs, and that while one now
held the controls the other two had their tubes trained
once, more full upon us!

  Our wild attempt at escape had failed, it was evident,
for now, as the Neptunian leader of the crimson circle
rose, he was addressing to the others a sharp, snapping
order, and at the same time motioning Marlin and me
peremptorily to the seats we had formerly occupied. We

took them with no further resistance, for we knew that
our desperate outbreak had put the Neptunians upon their
guard and that the slightest suspicious motion on our part
might well mean instant death. And as we seated our-
selves once more with the guards on either side, one from
beneath replacing the one I had killed, the despair that
formerly had filled us seemed immeasurably intensified.
For now the cylinder was sinking down after the others,
through the great opening in Triton’s roof, and even as
Marlin and I looked outward we saw the great opening
in that roof closing again above us with a clang that to
our ears was like the clang of doom.

  Above our sinking cylinders now there stretched the
great roof, and, even as Neptune’s enclosing roof, this
one was almost entirely transparent from below, though
opaque from above. And here as on Neptune we could
see no supporting pillars whatever for this vast spherical
roof tliat enclosed all Triton. This world seemed, in-
deed, but a smaller replica of mighty Neptune. For, as
our cylinders sank down through the shadows of its
darker side and then leveled out and began to race
back around its curving surface toward the sunward side
once more, we saw that all of Triton's surface was cov-
ered, even like Neptune, with a great compartment-city
whose intersecting black walls stretched in their vast
checkerboard arrangement over all the great moon’s sur-
face. But as our cylinders shot over these, over the
darkened portion of the surface of Triton and toward the
sunward side, we saw that the compartment city beneath
was different, in some features, from that of Neptune.

  For one thing, there were moving to and fro above
it a number of great cylinders like that in which we
were, and in the compartments of the darkened side
moved, too, a few Neptunians here and there. And the
great globes of metal that dotted this compartment-city
of Triton, even as that of Neptune, were here glowing
with radiant light; glowing, I knew, with radiant heat.
For this was the secret of the Neptunians’ existence on
Triton, this heat that glowed from the numberless giant
globes set in compartments here and there. Those great
glowing globes kept the air beneath Triton’s great roof
warm and comfortable, the great roof itself preventing
that warmer air from escaping into the moon's colder
outer atmosphere. As we.shot on over the darkened
side of Triton, the side turned away from the sun, I
could not but think that the remnants of the Neptunian
race must be few indeed, so few of them moved in the
shadowy compartments beneath.

  At last, as Marlin and I gazed ahead, we could make
out a brighter crescent of light at the edge of the
strange moon-world, and as we shot on wc saw that we
were approaching the edge of the sunward or sunlit side.
A moment more and we could see it clearly and as we
did so Marlin and I gasped in utter amazement. For
that part of the great compartment-city that lay on
Triton’s sunward side, in the pale sunlight, was swarm-
ing with incalculable millions upon tens of millions of
Neptunians! Crowding, seething, pressing together, they
were pouring to and fro through the compartments in
the pale light of day, busy with the mechanisms that
scarcc had room in those compartments, so great were
their crowds! And over this sunward side hundreds
upon hundreds of cylinders swarmed, rushing to and fro!

  “Neptunians! Neptunians in countless millions here
on the sunward side of Triton! But why then are there
so few upon the dark side ?”
262

AMAZING STORIES

  Marlin shook his head at my exclamation. “I can’t
guess,” he said. “And I never dreamed that-”

  Before he could finish tlie sentence there came an
amazing interruption from beneath. As we gazed down-
ward from our speeding cylinder we saw a giant band of
intensely brilliant white light spring suddenly into being
at the very line that marked where dark side and sunlit
side of Triton met. A mile in width, that great brilliant
band of light seemed to extend clear from Triton’s north
pole to its south, as far north and south of us as our
eyes could reach. And then, even as we stared, astounded
at it, that brilliant aud immense band of light was moving
around Triton’s surface over the dark side! Swiftly it
moved, like a great wave of brilliant light sweeping
around Triton’s surface, and in a moment had disap-
peared from view far around the horizon from us on
the dark side!

  And as that dazzling light-band moved around the big
moon-world’s dark side, around the almost empty com-
partment-city that covercd that dark side, we saw emerg-
ing into that compartmentscity of the dark side, as though
from its walls themselves, millions on millions of disk-
bodied Neptunians that matched in number the vast
swarms 011 the sunlit side! And as we gazed down in
utter amazement we saw from whence they came. There
were in the dark compartmcnt-city’s extent many com-
partments like those we had seen upon Neptune, with
nothing in them save shelving, which formed in their
walls myriads of shelfed openings a few feet in height
and some four feet in width, one above the other. And
in these narrow, flat shelf-openings countless Neptunians
had been sleeping! Their disk-bodies, with the flexible
legs drawn up, fitted snugly into those flat, strange open-
ings in the walls, and vast hordes of them, countless mil-
lions of them, had been sleeping in the shelf-compay-
ments on Triton’s dark side!

  As that band of brilliant light swept swiftly across the
dark sides though, they had awakened, were pouring forth
in all their hordes into and through the compartments, all
streaming toward the sunward side, while the more remote
of them were heading toward the same side in flashing
cylinders above. Then, as we gazed toward that sun-
ward side, we saw the brilliant band of light reappearing
there, moving swiftly still around Triton’s surface,
through the pale dim light of its sunward side, having
in those moments moved completely around Triton! It
moved on until in a moment more it had stopped where
first it had formed, at the junction of the dark and sun-
ward sides. There it hung for a moment, dazzling, and
then had suddenly snapped out of being. And now we
saw that all the crowding millions of Neptunians that had
been busy upon the sunlit side were streaming through
the compartments toward the dark side!

  "The Neptunians’ day and night!” Marlin exclaimed,
as we gazed downward. “Triton must keep one face
always toward the sun and one dark, so these Neptunians
spend their day on the sunlit side and sleep their night 011
the dark side I”

  "And that great band of light that traveled around
Triton was their signal, then!” I added.

IT was plain now that that was the astounding truth.
These countless millions of Neptunians, coming here
to Triton for some reason, had been accustomed upon their
own great turning planet to a day and night of ten hours
each, much like those of earth. Triton, though, as we

had already guessed, kept the same face always toward
the sun, it was evident, turning at just such a rate of
rotation as compensated for its revolutions around Nep-
tune and its slower movements with Neptune around the
sun. Thus, with one face always toward the sun and the
other always in darkness, the Neptunians had been forced
to establish arbitrary day and night periods, dividing
their millions into two great bodies, apparently. While
half of them worked on the sunlit side for ten hours, in
their day, the other half were sleeping upon the dark side.
Then, when the ten hours ended, the great band of light
went around Triton as a signal, and the two bodies of
them changed places, the millions who had worked upon
the sunward side taking their places for an equal period
of sleep on the dark side, while those who had slept 011
the dark side streamed to the sunlit side for ten hours!

  Even as we watched from our speeding Cylinder we
saw that great change taking place, millions upon millions
of the Neptunians streaming from one side to the other
in great throngs through the compartment-city, while,
from farther around Triton’s two sides, rushed countless
cylinders, in which hosts of others were changing sides.
Within a few minutes, it seemed, that change had taken
place, and beneath us on Triton’s sunward side there
thronged in the pale light of its day tlie vast hordes that
so lately had been sleeping, while on the dark side the
other masses of the Neptunians had disappeared into the
countlcss shelf-like openings of the sleep-compartments,
to lie in sleep for another ten hours. In marveling won-
der Marlin and I stared, and then woke suddenly to a
realization of our own position.

  Beneath us there lay the very edge or dividing line
between the dark and sunlit sides, a belt of twilight dusk
that was very narrow. Squarely across that belt, we saw',
there lay beneath us a great compartment that was largest
by far of all that we had yet seen, and that was unique
among them in that, instead of being rectangular, it was
circular in shape. Down, over and past this mighty cir-
cular compartment our cylinders were speeding, and we
could but vaguely note some circular object inside it,
when we were past it, were speeding low over the
thronged and busy compartments of the sunward side.
Rapidly the speed of the cylinders decreased, and then
they had paused in mid-air, were beginning to descend.
And in a moment more they had come smoothly to rest
in a great rectangular compartment which seemed re-
served as a landing-place, since on it there rested scores
of other cylinders, others constantly arriving or depart-
ing. Later we were tojearn that these landing-compart-
ments were scattered in large number over Triton’s sur-
face, on the sunlit and dark sides both.

  For the present moment, though, Marlin and I were
gazing only at our immediate surroundings. As we
landed the guards on either side of us gripped us tightly,
the others keeping their tubes pointed toward us,and then,
as the throbbing of the cylinder’s generators ceased, the
Neptunian leader of the crimson circle insignia uttered
a staccato order. At once our guards were thrusting us
toward the ladder that led downward, and, holding us
above and beneath, were descending that ladder with tis
into the cylinder’s lowest compartment. There the Nep-
tunian leader followed us in a moment, and as the
cylinder’s door was slid open a flood of warm, heavy air
and a babel of sound from about us rolled inside.
Before emerging, though, the Neptunians performed an
action that for the moment puzzled me completely.
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

263

  This was to take from the cabinets in the cylinder's
side a number of small metal objects that seemed to be
disks of gray metal a few inches across with flexible
metal straps attached to them. These the Neptunians
attached to the bottom or ends of their round, short
limbs, as though little round sandals of metal. Then at
the order of their leader they took other disks and at-
tached them to the feet of Marlin and myself, one to
each foot, binding them to our soles by passing the
flexible straps up around our ankles. The thing was as
puzzling to Marlin as to myself, for the moment, nor
could we understand its object until, a moment later, the
Neptunians began to pass out of the cylinder to the
paving of the compartment outside. For as they did
so 1 had reached toward one of the unused disks to
examine it and had uttered an exclamation to find that,
though so small in size and thickness, it was of many
pounds weight! Yet as Marlin and I, in answer to the
leader’s order and gesture, passed out of the cylinder
to the landing-compartment’s floor, we could not feel at
all that weight of dozens of pounds which had been fas-
tened to our feet!

  Abruptly, though, light came to my perplexed mind.
“Triton!” I exclaimed. “It’s of about the same size as
earth’s moon and hasn’t much more gravitational power.
And these Neptunians, used to the far greater gravita-
tional power of Neptune, have to use these weights to
add to their weight here on Triton to make it possible
for them to move as always!”

  Marlin’s eyes widened, and then he nodded. "It must
be so,” he said. "I wondered when I saw them from
above how these .creatures of Neptune could move so
freely on its smaller moon.”

  It was, indeed, a simple, yet ingenious device which
the Neptunians had adopted. Accustomed as they had
been to the great gravitational power of Neptune, seven-
teen times that of earth, their squat, strange bodies owing
their form to that great gravitational power, their
muscles would have sent them through the air of Triton
ill immense and uncontrollable leaps at each step, so
much smaller was the moon-world’s gravitational power.
So they bad devised these small disks which fitted to the
end of their strange limbs, and which, though so small
and thin, yet had great weight, 110 doubt because the
atoms of their substance had been compressed closely
together for the purpose. The. Neptunians had used
disks of some thickness for themselves, and had used
thinner ones for Marlin and myself, their smaller weight
just sufficing to counteract the difference in gravita-
tional power between earth and Triton. And now', as
we stepped out into the landing-compartment with our
guards, it seemed as though we were walking with lead-
weighted shoes at the ocean’s bottom.

  The landing-compartment about us held scores of
resting cylinders like our own, and even as we looked
about we saw throngs of Neptunians hastening forward
and removing from our own and the other ten that
had just landed, the disassembled mechanisms which they
had brought from Neptune. The leader, however, mo-
tioned to our guards to follow with us, and set off quickly
across the landing-compartment toward one of its doors.
Following him, our four tube-armed guards watchful
now about us, we saw him pass through the low, broad
door before us, and though his strange disk-body passed
easily through that door, Marlin and I were forced to
stoop low to get through it. Then, our guards never

relaxing their cautious watch over us, we were moving
on through the next compartment, and the next, and the
next, on through compartment after compartment,
all thronging with Neptunians, moving across Lhe great
compartment-city toward the twilight band that divided
Triton’s dark and sunlit sides.

  And as Marlin and I moved with our guards and
their leader thus through the pale daylight of Triton,
through the compartments crowded with masses upon
masses of Neptunians, we forgot almost the uncertain
fate that hung over us, in the interest and wonder of
what we saw. For though we had explored the greater
compartment-city that covered all the surface of mighty
Neptune, had seen its marvels also, it had been a city
dead, a city of lifeless and unused mechanisms whose
purposes we had not been able to guess. But here on
Triton, in the compartments that covered its surface,
we saw a Neptunian city bursting with crowding life,
saw it as the giant city of Neptune itself must once have
been, before some unguessed purpose of the Neptunians
had brought them here to Triton. And, seeing it thus,
we were able to comprehend many things that had puz-
zled us in our venture through the city on Neptune’s
lifeless surface.

WE passed through compartments in which throngs
of Neptunians moved about great rows of loom-
ing, pear-shaped mechanisms such as we had seen on
Neptune, great water-making mechanisms that were
beating here with a slow, rhythmic sound of pcwer, and
from which there pulsed into the great connecting pipes
a ceaseless gush of water. That water, we knew, was
made synthetically in the mechanisms by the combination
of hydrogen and oxygen atoms, but whether those atoms
were derived, as on Neptune, from the break-down of
Neptune’s great vapor-masses, or whether they were
formed themselves from the primal electricity, we could
not guess. Through many compartments of these we
passed, and through other compartments that held great
pumps that evidently forced the water supplies thus man-
ufactured to every part of Triton’s surface.

  And we went through compartments, too, in which
were other great objects Lhat had puzzled us so com-
pletely on Neptune, but whose purpose we saw now.
These were the great flat metal containers stackcd one
upon the other, each a foot- or so in depth, and each
filled with black, green-shot soil. About them, as on
Neptune, were set in the walls great white disks con-
nected to generating apparatus of some kind, but here
those generating mechanisms were humming with power,
tended by many Neptunians, and there shot from the
disks, over and through those great containers of soil,
a ceaseless flood of pale violet light or force. And,
even as we passed through those compartments, we saw
strange and stocky pale-green plants bursting up from
the soil of the containers, growing at incredible speed
before our eyes, attaining a height of inches in but a
minute or so! As these strange pale-green plants reached
a height of a foot or so, there formed upon them masses
of fruits or vegetables dead white in color, some being
long and pod-like and others ball-shaped. And as these
formed, the attendant Neptunians were swiftly turn-
ing off the violet force, pulling the fruit-laden little plants
from the fine soil, and depositing them in low-wheeled
containers, which were wheeled instantly away. Then
from the framework that held the great soil-containers
264

AMAZING

STORIES

there sprayed out upon them fine whitish-green particles
that I recognized as seed of some sort, that fell upon
the soil and then were turned under it as some reversing
mechanism turned over the soil in each container. Then
the violet force from the wall-disks was turned on again,
and in a moment another crop of pale-green plants was
shooting up out of the containers!

   It was then that I saw tlie astounding purpose of those
projectors of violet force that were set in the walls
around the soil-containers. For it was evident that they
shot forth upon the containers a force or vibration which
held in it the ultra-violet and other radiations which,
in sunlight stimulate the growth of plant-life. These
vibrations were projected artificially through the con-
tainers of soil with immeasurably greater intensity than
in sunlight, and so stimulated the growth of plant-life
in those containers immeasurably more. Also I could
see that tubes ran from the framework through the soil
of the containers, flooding that soil with moisture, and
as that water used thus came through special cubical
tanks and mixers, it was apparent that it was impreg-
nated with the chemical elements needed by the plant-
life in its swift, astounding growth. Thus, stimulated
to an intense degree by those influences, the plant-life
in those containers could germinate and shoot up and
ripen with unbelievable speed. When it was removed,
the containers were ready at once for another crop. The
whole ojieration was swift and almost automatic, and
as we saw great masses of the white fruits or vegetables
being wheeled away from the plant-compartments, we
realized at last how the Neptunians. in their great com-
parunent-cities, obtained a ceaseless and inexhaustible
food and water'supply.

  As we passed on, marveling, we saw other great
mechanisms at work. Some were huge and cogged,
operated by seated Neptunians before them, turning out
ceaselcss great blocks of smooth, black stone-like material
that composed the intersecting compartment-walls, which
poured out as a thick liquid and hardened in molds into
that diamond-hard substance. Others were strange-
appearing machines like none we had seen on Neptune,
whose purpose we could not guess. Here and there there
glowed in its square compartment one of the great heat-
radiating globes, sending currents of intensely warm air
rushing out from about it, all the mechanisms of those
globes seeming to be cased inside themselves. Yet even
these things were no more wonderful to us than the
throngs of Neptunians that swirled and pressed in their
millions in the great compartment-city about us.

  Numberless, indeed, were the hordes of those Nep-
tunians, their masses swarming about us in great crowds
of disk-bodied, pale-green monsters, busy upon the clank-
ing, beating, hissing mechanisms around them, busy in
providing tlie heat and food and water of their strange
world. It seemed impossible, almost, that so many
countless millions of them could thus have crowded to-
gether on Triton’s surface. All wore the strange armor
or dress of flexible metal around their disk-bodies, some
carrying ray-tubcs slung in that armor and others vari-
ous tools or instruments. Here and there we saw one
with the same crimson-circle insignia as our leader’s
upon his metal armor, and it was apparent from the
silent deference shown these circle-marked Neptunians
that they were officials of some kind. As we marched
on behind our leader, our guards close about us, we saw
that, despite our strange appearance to them, the Nep-

tunians paid no great attention to us—so busy were they.
We saw, too, that here on Triton’s sunward side there
were no shelf-like sleep-comparfments at all, all such
being upon the dark side. In silent awe and wonder
Marlin and I moved on through the thronging compart-
ments, countless Neptunians crowding busily all about
us, and coundess cylinders throbbing through the aif
above, with the vast roof far above them. Then 1
sensed that we were approaching our destination.

  For before us now, as we crossed a last compartment,
there lay that twilight band of dusk which marked the
division of Triton’s dark and sunlit sidess and as we
passed out of the pale, dim light of the sunlit side into
the twilight of that band, we saw that before us lay a
compartment wall that was curving instead of straight,
the wall of the great single circular compartment we
had noticed from above. The compartment that lay be-
tween us and that wall was empty save for a file of Nep-
tunian guards who stood motionless along the curving
wall with their force-ray tubes ready in their grasp.
As our leader reached them he halted, spoke with them
for a moment in staccato speech, and then as their
snapping voices ceased the guards stood aside to right
and left and permitted us to pass through the low, broad
door in that curving wall. Through it we went, our
circle-marked leader first and then Marlin and I, our
four guards still close about us, and then as we halted
inside that door, we two were gazing- with a deepened
awe and wonder about us.

  We were standing just at tlie edge oi that great cir-
cular compartment that we had glimpsed from above,
one hundreds of feet in diameter, the twilight about it
dispelled somewhat in it by soft-glowing disks in its
walls. In this great compartment there stood what
seemed an immense circular table of metal, only a few
feet in height, ring-like in form and with a clear circular
space at its center. This great ring-table’s edge was not
more than a dozen or so feet from the compartment’s
circular wall, and ranged around it, on low scats between
tlie ring-like table and tlie wall, were thirty disk-bodied
Neptunians. Silent and almost motionless they sat there
around the-great ring-table, and I saw that upon the
metal armor of each was a crimson circle like that of
our leader, except that there was a crimson dot at its
centcr, a symbol we had noted 011 110 other Neptunian
so far. And from each of the thirty there ran in
toward the clear space at the ring-table’s center a slender
black wire-connection, attached by tliverging connections
to the body of each of the thirty.

  These thirty connections ended at the space at the
ring-table’s center, running there into a strange object
or mechanism that stood in that space. It was composed
of a great metal pedestal with straight sides, like an
upright pillar, into which the thirty connections ran,
while upon the pillar’s top was supported a globe of
metal somewhat greater in diameter than the pillar, being
some five feet across. Ill this globe’s side was a round
opening, while set at two other points at opposite sides
of it were what seemed inset diaphragms. From the
supported globe came a fine hum, scarcely audible, and
that was the only sound in the great compartment. The
whole scenc was strange—the towering black walls of
the great circular compartment about us, the great ring-
table in it and the thirty silent, motionless disk-bodied
Neptunians seated around that table, and the giant globe
on its pedestal at tlie table’s central space.
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

265

AS we stood there the Neptunian leader before us

. spoke in sharp snaps, as though explaining our
presence, but not to the thirty around the table; it spoke
to the great central globe of inetal! In amazement we
watched him, and then we saw that the globe was turn-
ing upon its pedestal, turning toward us a small circle
of clear glass set in its opposite side, that surveyed 113
for the moment exactly like a single calm eye. Then
the globe turned again, the opening in its side again
facing us, and then from that opening came a staccato
answer to our leader, a swift question, apparently, in the
snapping speech-sounds of the Neptunians! The globe
was hearing our captor's report, was questioning him
concerning that report, while the thirty around the table
uttered no sound, and turned not toward us!

  “Good God!” I muttered at that astounding spectacle.
"That globe of metal, Marlin—it hears him, answers
him! The thing must be alive!”

  "Not alive, Hunt/’ Marlin said swiftly, his own eyes
startled, though. “Those connections that run from the
thirty to the globe—they center in that globe’s mecha-
nism in some way the minds, the intelligence, of all the
thirty!”

   Swift light flashed upon me at Marlin’s words, and as
I gazed astonished toward the thirty Neptunians and the
central globe I knew that Marlin’s explanation was the
only logical one. These thirty Neptunians, it was ap-
parent, were the supreme rulers, the highest council,
of all the Neptunian race. And since it was neccssary
that they use all of their differing minds as one in di-
recting the destinies of their strange race, they had in
some way devised a mechanism for that purpose, which
synthesized the intelligence, the minds, of the thirty into
one single mind by means of that strange mechanism.
So that it was literally as one mind that the thirty per-
ceived and thought, when gathered here together, the
central globe speaking out the synthesized thoughts and
questions of all the thirty!

  As Marlin and I stared in amazement towrard it, our
leader was answering to the globe's questions concerning
us, the snapping speech of the Neptunian indistinguish-
able from that of the mechanism. Then when he had
finished, the globe was speaking briefly to him again, a
short order, and in answer to that order the Neptunian
leader turned at once toward us. I think that both Mar-
lin and myself would not have been surprised to meet
then the death that we knew hung over us, but, instead,
the leader gestured to us and to our guards and led the
way out of the great circular Council Compartment,
through a different door from that by which we had
entered. As we passed through that door I glanced back
and saw the thirty Neptunians of the great Council still
sitting motionless and silent around their weird globe-
mechanism, which was listening now to the report of
three other Neptunians who had entered behind us.

   Once out of the. great circular compartment, wc found
ourselves with our guards in an irregular-shaped com-
partment, filled with Neptunian guards who parted to
allow 11s to pass. Through that and through another
rectangular compartment we went, and then into a long
oblong compartment in which we could see, despite the
twilight that reigned here, were many smaller compart-
ments or divisions along the walls. These were very
like cell-compartments, and the low door of each of these
was closed by a black slab that slid down across it from
above. Before these doors there were patrolling in the

long compartment a half-dozen of Neptunian guards,
and, after being challenged by these, our own leader and
four guards marched us to one of these littfe cell-com-
partments, reaching forth to grasp or touch something
on its outside wall.

  As the Neptunian leader did so, the door of the cell-
compartment slid smoothly and silently upward, leav-
ing its opening clear. Without ceremony, then, Marlin
and T were motioned to pass inside, and with the four
ray-tubes of the guards full upon us we had no choice
in the matter. Stepping inside, therefore, we found our-
selves in a compartment some ten feet square, whose
walls, like all the black walls of the compartment-city,
towered for two hundred feet upward around us, the
only light the square of dusky sky far above. Then, as
Marlin and I stared about us, the door shot smoothly
down across the opening, and we heard the soft, shuf-
fling steps of the Neptunian leader and our four guards
retreating, outside, leaving us gazing at each other's
white faces in silence. Our great mission out to Nep-
tune, our great attempt to save earth and prevent the
wrecking of the solar system, had come to an end at last,
with our two friends gone and with Marlin and myself
imprisoned here beyond all hope of escape on Neptune’s
peopled moon!

CHAPTER IX

Before the Council

“ I "\RISONED here on Triton—and Whitely and
r*Randall dead! It’s the end, Hunt—for us, and
for the earth!”

  Marlin’s voice was but echoing my own thoughts in
that moment, and darkly I nodded. “The end—yes.
And less than twelve weeks before that end comes, be-
fore the sun’s rotatory speed reaches its critical point,
before it divides into a double star. We’ve found the
source of the great ray from Neptune, and we’re
helpless.”

  "Yet the World-President—the World Congress-”

Marlin seemed to be thinking aloud. “They sent us out
to dare all for earth, and until earth is destroyed or we
are. dead we can’t give up hope.”

  “But what hope is there?” I asked. “These Neptu-
nians have only reprieved us for the moment from death,
for their own purposes. Death will be ours before long,
and in the meantime who could escape from this place?”
1 swept my arm around the cel 1-compartment, and
Marlin considered the place with me as silently and almost
as hopelessly as myself. For it was, truly, a prison in-
escapable into which we had been thrust. The square
little compartment’s walls were diamond-hard, of that
impenetrable black stone-like substance, and they towered
two hundred feet above us. There were in them no win-
dows, the only light that reached us being the dusky
illumination that came down to us from the compart-
ment’s roofless top, far above. That illumination was
but small indeed, for the cell-compartment lay in the
same twilight band as the great Council Compartment,
that band-of twilight lying between Triton’s dark and
sunward sides. By it we could see, however, that the
black walls about us were quite vertical and smooth,
and that the only break in them was that of the low
door-opening, closed now by the smooth, black slab
across it.
266

AMAZING

STORIES

  It was, indeed, a prison from which no efforts of ours,
it seemed, could win us free. For even were we to
escape from it, wc knew, we would but find ourselves in
the great compartment-city that covered all Triton,
thronged with the Neptunians’ countless millions. And
even that city, in turn, was held beneath the giant metal
roof that shielded and enclosed all Triton, so that never,
indeed, it seemed, could we hope to be clear of the big
moon-world and escape back across the solar system to
earth, to tell the peoples of earth from what strange
source was coming that colossal force-ray that was spin-
ning the sun on to division and doom. Yet, despite that,
Marlin and I paced ceaselessly about the little cell in a
vain endeavor to formulate some plan of escape.

  Our first action was to remove from our feet the
heavy-weighted little disks which the Neptunians had
fastened uport them, and with those removed we found
that we could jump a score of feet upward in our little
cell, due to the lesser gravitational power of Triton
compared to that of earth, sailing slowly upward and
falling as slowly. Yet this increased agility seemed of
no avail to us in escaping, since there were no breaks in
the surface of the cell's smooth, towering walls by which
we might have been able to jump higher. So, after
some futile attempts, we rested upon the cell's floor
again, re-attaching to our feet for convenience sake
the super-heavy little disks, that increased our weight
to its normal earth-figure.

  “It’s useless, Marlin," I said, as we sat here, rest-
ing after our efforts. “We can never get out that way—
or any other, I think.”

  “Keep steady, Hunt,” he told me. “We can’t do any-
thing now, it’s clear, but a chance will come.”

  “It had best come soon, then," I said. “For with but
eighty-odd days left before the end, I see small hope.”

  He did not reply to that, and I think that the gloom
of utter despair that had settled upon me weighed upon
him also. They were hours in which there was no
change. The twilight that existed here on this band of
Triton’s surface never changed; its dusk never light-
ened or darkened. The only sounds to be heard, too,
were the occasional staccato voices of the half-dozen
Neptunian guards outside, or the answering snapping
speech-sounds of other Neptunians, that seemed to be
confined in cells like ourselves. Later wc were to learn
that despite their super-intelligence, perhaps because of
it, the Neptunians were afflicted now and then with a
brain disorder in which it seemed that a part of their
mind’s mechanism would cease to function for a time,
during which time they were confined in these cell-
compartinents about us. Save for the staccato speech
of these and the guards, and the dull, dim, distant roar
of clanking and humming and hissing mechanisms that
came to us from Triton's sunward side, there was no
sound in our cell except when cylinders throbbed by
overhead.

  In those hours the door of our ccll never opened, and
we found that our food and water were supplied to us
inside the cell itself. There were in its wall two metal
taps, one of which yielded clear water, that tasted flat
and chemical to us. The other gave forth a thick, vis-
cous white liquid, which we recognized after a time as
a liquefied preparation of the white vegetables and fruits
we had seen grown so rapidly. This preparation or
liquid was apparently pumped through the compartment-
city like the water. Thus there was no need for the

guards to enter our cell. It was a number of hours later
that there came an interruption to the monotony of
eventlessness of our time, which roused us somewhat
from the gloomy apathy of spirit into which we had
fallen.

  Without warning there sprang into being all about
us an intensely brilliant flood of pure white light, that
bathed all things about us in its blinding glare for the
moment and then swiftly moved away toward the dark
side of Triton. We were stupefied by its appearance
thus, and then remembered suddenly the great band of
brilliant light that we had seen appear and move swiftly,
completely arotuid Triton, marking the end of a ten-
hour period and the signal for the sleeping millions of
Neptunians on Triton's dark side and the busy millions
on its sunward side to change places upon this strange
world. Surely enough, in a few moments, the brilliant
band of light had swept upon us from the sunward side,
having traveled completely around Triton, and dwelling
for a moment again upon us, had snapped out of being.
That great brilliant band of light, as we were to learn,
was produced by great projectors at Triton's two poles,
and whirled around it by the turning of those project-
ors. Now as its brilliant signal swept around the big
moon-world, we could hear the countless hordes of the
Neptunians shifting from dark side to sunward, and
from sunlit side to dark, while overhead there throbbed
and shot this way and that innumerable cylinders.

  Swiftly as before that great change was accomplished,
and then, as there began again the dull clamor of activity
upon the sunward side, Marlin and I turned from our
listening attention. But at that moment we heard a
staccato rattle of speech outside our door, and an instant
later the great black slab of that door slid sharply up-
ward and three Neptunians moved inside the cell. The
foremost one of these bore on the metal armor of his
great green disk-body a crimson circle that marked him
as one of the Neptunian officials. The other two were
apparently guards brought in as a precautionary meas-
ure, their force-ray tubes unsheathed and leveled un-
hesitatingly upon us. The Neptunian official carried in
his grasp a small octagonal object or mechanism with
a simple button-control, which we gazed at curiously.
He touched the button-control of it, and there sounded
from it a series of swift, sharp snaps of sound exactly
like those of the Neptunians’ staccato speech. Then,
speaking aloud himself, he motioned from himself to us,
and then to the mechanism.

  It was Marlin who first understood his purpose, “The
Neptunian language!” he exclaimed. “This one has
come to teach it to us, to make it possible for them to
communicate with us.”

  “But the mechanism?” I said. “What is its purpose?”

ARLIN stared at it a moment, then reached forth
and touched its round button-control, bringing
from the mechanism an irregular succession of snaps of
sound. “It’s for us!” he said suddenly. “They know
that with our different bodies we can't make the sharp,
snapping sounds that are their speech, so have brought
this mechanism to us to serve us as an artificial voice!”

  The Neptunian official, as though he had understood
us, motioned again to the mechanism and then from
himself to us, at the same time uttering a few speech-
sounds as though in explanation. It was plain, indeed,
that his object was to teach us the strange Neptunian
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

267

speech. Pointing to himself, and to the two guards, he
uttered a succession of five sound-snaps, irregularly
spaced, over and over again, until it was evident that
they represented the name of the Neptunian races. Then
Marlin and I attempted with the little speaking mecha-
nism to reproduce those five snaps of sound, and after
experimenting for a time with the mechanism’s button-
control we succeeded. That done, the Neptunian pointed
to us and uttered another short succession of sounds,
another word, which we then learned to utter on the
mechanism also.

  Thus, for hour upon hour, the Neptunian continued
with us, teaching us word after word, in their strange
staccato language. That language, we found, seemed
very much like a communication code of dots and
dashes, all its sounds or sound-snaps being of the same
pitch, there being no raising or lowering of the voice,
while for each word there was a certain combination of
the sharp sounds. Quickly, too, after a time, we began
to understand and learn that strange language, and
though never could our own vocal apparatus have pro-
duced the clacking bursts of sharp sound which were
their speecli-sounds, we learned to manipulate easily the
little mechanism that spoke to them for us. Hour fol-
lowed hour and day followed day, until we became so
proficient in the knowledge and expression of their words
as to be able to communicate effectively, though halt-
ingly, with the great disk-bodied Neptunian who was
teaching us.

  Yet we found that that ability served us nothing. For
though we plied the Neptunian with innumerable ques-
tions concerning the great mysteries that we had come
through and that lay about us, he would answer nothing.
What great chain of events had it been that had made
of mighty Neptune’s colossal compartment-city a silent
desert of death, and that had sent all the Neptunians
crowding upon Triton? What was their purpose in
directing their mighty force-ray toward the sun, turning
the sun ever faster to accomplish its division into a
double star? Why, too, had they sent a second great
force-ray out in an opposite direction from the first,
passing out into the vast void of interstellar space ? These
questions we put many times to the great Neptunian who
taught us, but the big, grcen-bodied disk-monster sim-
ply contemplated us as though unhearingly with his bulg-
ing, glassy eyes, and went on with the teaching of their
strange speech.

  So days followed days while we slowly progressed in
our learning of the Neptunian speech, days in which the
despair that had gathered in our hearts grew darker and
darker. For at last, when more than a score of earth-
days had passed, we realized that all was hopeless in-
deed, that even had we chanced to escape, even had we
still our space-flier that had been destroyed with Whitely
and Randall, we would hardly have time enough to re-
turn from Neptune to earth and bring back the fleet of
space-fliers that were being prepared on earth. Not
much more than a half-hundred days, indeed, remained
before that last day that would sec the sun splitting at
last to engulf almost all its planets, for with each day,
we knew, the giant force-ray of the Neptunians emanat-
ing from Triton was turning the sun faster and faster.

  Twice, indeed, I almost made a wild attempt to over-
come our Neptunian teacher and guards, but was held
back by Marlin, who knew as well as I that instant death
only could result from such an attempt. And as those

days passed, as with each ten hours the great band of
light went around Triton and the millions of Neptunians
on dark and sunward sides interchanged, I came to look
on death as a release from the agony of suspense and
torture in which we were. I think that not much longer
could either Marlin or I have endured the terrible torture
of that .imprisonment, when there came at last a break
to it, on the twenty-second day of our captivity.

  On that day, as we waited in the unchanging twilight
for the coming of our Neptunian teacher and his two
guards, we were astonished when the door slid up to
find facing us outside a different Neptunian official, of
the same insignia of the crimson circle, with four guards
behind him instead of two. He did not speak to us, but
motioned us silently to move outside, and as we did so
he gestured to Marlin to take with us the small speech-
mechanism by which we were able to converse with the
Neptunians. Then, guarded closely before and behind,
our attempted escape in the cylinder having kept the
Neptunians extremely watchful of us ever since, we were
marched out of the long oblong compartment of the cells
and across others toward the great circular Council Com-
partment! Into it we were marched, and found that,
as before, there sat around the great ring-table the thirty
silent members of the Council, the great metal globe still
on its pedestal at their center. They did not turn toward
us as we entered and halted beside them, but the great
globe did, turning first the single gleaming eye upon us
by means of which, we knew, all the massed minds of
the thirty members of the Council were receiving a visual
impression of us.

  Then the globe turned swiftly so that its speech-
opening faced us, and it spoke to us, spoke as the assem-
bled minds of the thirty, with all emotions removed and
with all thoughts synthesized by its mechanism. “You
are the two creatures captured upon our world ?” it asked.
"And you have been taught our language as we or-
dered ?”

  Marlin pressed the button of the little mechanism in
his grasp, speaking back in the same snapping speech-
sounds by means of it. "We are those two,” he said
simply.

  The globe was silent a moment, then spoke on, the
thirty whose minds spoke through it never turning.
“When you two were captured upon our great world,
others, no doubt like you, were discovered in a space-
vehicle which, it was apparent, was operated by the same
principle of forcc-rays which we of Neptune (it was
their own word-equivalent for the name of the planet)
have long used in our own space-vehicles, and in other
ways. That vehicle and those inside it, it has been re-
ported to us, were destroyed by those who discovered it,
but we desire to know from whence it and you two name,
and in what way you were able to reproduce the force-
rays which we of Neptune have long used. From the
structure of your bodies it is apparent that you come
from a small planet, in all probability the second or third
of the sun’s worlds. But from which, and why, have
you come here?”

  Marlin did not answer for some moments, then spoke
back through the little mechanism he held. “It is from
the sun’s third world, indeed, that we have come,” he
said. “And we have come here, have plunged out
through the void to this, the sun’s outermost world, to
find out why you of Neptune are loosing doom on the
solar system with that great force-ray of yours that
268

AMAZING

STORIES

spins the sun ever faster, and to use all our power to
halt that doom!"

IN that tense moment a thrill of irrepressible pride shot
through me, even in the dark peril in which we stood,
at Marlin’s words. For they were not his alone; they
were the words of earth, the words of earth and all its
races to Neptune and all its hordes 1 And at that bold
defiance, flung- across the void from world to world and
issuing here from Marlin in the very face of this su-
preme Council of the Neptunian rulers, of this great
globe-mechanism that held their gathered, synthesized
minds for the time being, an order to the guards behind
us for our instant death would not have surprised me.
Yet here again we were given proof of the difference
between the mind-workings of the Neptunians and our-
selves. It was evident that the human passions of hate
and anger held small place in their cold, machine-like
minds, for the great globe that spoke for the minds of
the assembled thirty was silent for a time, and when it
did speak it seemed not to regard the passion of Mar-
lin’s words,

  “When you speak of halting the doom that confronts
3’our world,” it said, “it is apparent that you do not know
the necessity of that doom, the great necessity which
has caused our races of Neptunians, under the direction
of the Council of Thirty, to loose that doom upon the
solar system. Learn now, therefore, that it is to save
our own world, our own races, that we are loosing this
death upon the sun's other worlds and peoples!”

  The great globe again was silent for a moment, the
thirty members of the Council silent around it as their
assembled minds poured their thoughts into its mecha-
nism, to be released in a single voice. Marlin and I
stood there at the great ring-tablc’s edge, and surely no
stranger scene could have been imagined than that, with
the great circular compartment’s towering black walls
around us, the twilight that reigned above and around,
the thirty silent dislc-bodied Neptunians and our own
disk-bodied guards, and the great, enigmatic globe-
mechanism hefore us, that spoke and listened as a living
thing, representing the massed minds of the thirty. And
now that great globe was speaking to us again, in the
staccato Neptunian speech.

  “'It is most wise, perhaps,” it said, “that you two of
another world learn now what colossal forces and neces-
sities lie behind the loosing of that great doom which
you come to strive vainly against. It is most wise that
you learn now how useless it is for you or any of your
world to oppose yourselves to the plans of us Nep-
tunians. For wc of Neptune arc of an ancient power
and might, beside which you of the inner planets arc
as newcome children. And lest you doubt that power,
lest you doubt the colossal forces that we of Neptune
have called into being and use for our own purposes,
we of the Council tell you now what mighty past is ours.

  “Oldest of all the eight worlds of this solar system,
indeed, is our world of Neptune. This you must know,
indeed, if your scientists know aught of the formation
of the sun’s planets. For those eight planets were
formed unthinkable eons ago, out of the fiery sun itself.
Up to that time the sun had moved through space en-
tirely without planets, one of the countless stars of this
galaxy of stars, all moving through the void in differing
directions. One of these other stars chanced to be mov-
ing in the general direction of our own star, our own

sun, and their mutual attraction for each other drew
them closer together, until at last they passed each other
closely, perhaps even touched each other, their nearness
to each other causing by gravitational attraction huge
masses of the flaming gaseous substance of each to break
loose. Thus the space between the two passing suns
was filled with those great flaming masses, and as they
separated, each by its gravitational power drew a share
of those fiery masses with it on its path through the
void.

  “Thus when the two suns receded from each other
once more, each carried with it a rough half of the fiery
masses that had been torn from each. As tlie sun
moved on through space with these fiery masses about
it, the greater part of them dropped back into the sun.
The flaming masses that remained, however, had Ijeen
thrown by the cataclysm into a swift motion, which by
the sun’s attraction had been converted in the ease of
each flaming mass into a circular or elliptical orbit around
the sun. And since the speed of each flaming mass just
balanced with its centrifugal force the pull of the sun
inward, they continued in those orbits for age on age
without perceptible change. The solar system, then, had
become stable.

  “Thus the sun was moving on through space with
eight great flaming masses of matter revolving around
it, in addition to a number of great clouds or aggrega-
tions of smaller fragments. These eight flaming masses
became in time the sun’s eight worlds, a solid crust
forming first on one and then on another of them. The
outermost of these great fiery masses was that which
in time was to become the planet Neptune. It had been
one of the first of the great fragments of the two suns
torn loose by their encounter, and being one of the first
had been hurled out to a greater distance than any of
the others. And being the first, too, it had had more
time to cool, ils solid crust had formed earlier on it,
and thus Neptune was in fact the oldest of the sun’s
planets to form as a solid-surfaced world. Neptune,
too, is composed of much lighter materials than the
denser inner planets, and the reason for that is, that it
was the lighter matter of the two suns that had naturally
been sent flying forth from them in their encounter;
and thus the outer planets, the four great outer worlds,
being of the sun’s lighter matter, are all much less in
density than the four smaller inner worlds, which were
thrown forth lalcr from the sun’s heavier matter, and
thus in smaller masses.

  “So out of tlie great irregular-shaped outermost
mass of flaming gases had been formed the great planet
Neptune and its .smaller moon of Triton. And as Nep-
tune’s surface solidified, as the great masses of water-
vapor and air that made up its dense and immense atmos-
phere ensheathed it, it became a habitable world, one
fit for life and the continuation of life. For though
small heat came to distant Neptune across the great void
of almost three billion miles that separated it from the
sun, the sun giving it indeed a heat hardly perceptible,
yet there was heat enough for the great world in its own
fiery interior. For so great in size was Neptune that,
though a solid crust had formed upon it, there still lay
beneath that crust the vast raging fires of its interior,
and those fires’ heat was so great that they kept the
surface of Neptune and the dense atmosphere above that
surface warmed constantly. And Triton had an atmos-
phere also and interior warming fires.
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

269

  “Thus great Neptune, though farthest of all planets
from the sun, became habitable the earliest of all. And
since, wherever a world is found on which life is pos-
sible, life sooner or later will arise, so it arose on Nep-
tune. Race upon race of living creatures rose upon it,
and race after race vanished, annihilated by changing
conditions on its surface which they could not withstand.
It was not until we disk-bodied Neptunians evolved
upon the great world's surface, indeed, that there came
a permanent form of life upon it. For we, whose disk-
l>odies owed their squat, flat shapes to the gravitational
power of Neptune, so much greater than that of your
inner worlds, had in larger measure that spark of intel-
ligence which the other creatures had lacked. And with
that gleam of ruiud, of intelligence, wc were able to
withstand the changing conditions on Neptune's surface
by adapting ourselves to those conditions, growing ever
in numbers and spreading out over our world’s surface,
until at last we swarmed in millions uponjt and were
rising into greater and greater comprehension of the uni-
verse about us, into greater and greater intelligence and
power.

REAT buildings we built upon Neptune’s surface,
and deep we tunnelled below its surface, also.
Through breaks in the great cloud-sereen about our
world we looked forth and saw with our instruments
the other planets that moved about our sun, and looked
forth also into space and saw the hosts of other suns
that moved at vast distances from our own. Our eyes
were accustomed to the dim Neptunian day, our bodies
to its great gravitational power, and it was our home-
world. Yet by this time so vast had become our num-
bers that millions of us were crowded too closely together,
and desired to migrate to Triton, our moon, and settle
there. And though we had never yet been able to sally
forth from the surface of our own great world of Nep-
tune, we found the way to do so then.

  “That way was given to us by the discovery by our
scientists of a new force-vibration, one that lay in wave-
length between the light vibrations and the higher elec-
trical vibrations. This force-vibration, they found,
exerted a definite pressure or force upon any object
struck by its waves, just as the light-rays themselves
exert a definite, though far smaller, pressure upon what-
ever matter they strike. With this new force-ray, there-
fore, we planned to propel vehicles through space, and
we constructed great cylindrical vehicles which were
to hurtle out into space by generating inside them a great
force-ray which would be shot back against a world
and thus propel them by repulsion away from that world.
These cylinders were made and tested, and since they
worked perfectly, we constructed many of them, enough
to take out all the millions of our surplus population
to Triton. And so in those cylinders those millions of
Neptunians went hurtling out to Triton.

  “They found, as our observations had shown us, that
Triton had a good atmosphere, and that it was swarming
already with many forms of life, some of them unutter-
ably grotesque, and none of more than the lowest in-
telligence. Using weapons of concentrated force-rays,
which clove through all they touched, our millions of
Neptunians proceeded to annihilate all life ujxm Triton,
and with that accomplished, proceeded to build for them-
selves structures and cities like those on Neptune. They
found that Triton was a perfectly habitable world for

them save for two considerations. One of these was
the lesser gravitational power of it, which made it ex-
tremely inconvenient for them to move on it with their
Neptunian muscles. They solved this problem by at-
taching to their limbs small and unobtrusive disks of an
extremely heavy metal which we could make by the
artificial massing of atom-prolons without electrons.
These disks increased their weight to such a point that
they could move as freely and conveniently on Triton as
•on Neptune.

  “The other problem facing them on Triton was the
fact that it turned one face always toward the sun. Its
rotation 011 its axis, indeed, was of just enough speed to
counteract its revolution around Neptune and Neptune's
own revolution around the sun, the sum total of its
movements resulting in this keeping of one side always
toward the sun, with that side always palely lit by the
sun and the other always in darkness. Even when Triton
was behind Neptune, invisible perhaps from your own
world by reason oi the edge of Neptune’s great atmos-
phere projecting up to hide it somewhat, Triton’s orbit
was so slanted or inclined toward the plane of the solar
system that the sun was always in sight of its sunward
side, though dimmed a little when the edge of Neptune’s
atmosphere was between them. The Neptunians who
had gone to Triton were accustomed to Neptune's
alternating day and night, of approximately ten hours
each, and so they solved the problem by living upon the
sunlit side of Triton for ten hours, for a day, and then
passing to the dark side for ten hours of night.

  “Thus they had conquered all die inconveniences that
had faced them in settling upon Triton, and so upon
Triton as upon Neptune were Neptunians and their
cities. The civilization of both Neptune-and its circling
moon seemed secure and unchangeable, indeed; a civiliza-
tion that existed upon our world and its moon when
all the other planets of the solar system held only the
lowest forms of life, if life they held at all. Easily
could we of Neptune have ventured into the sun’s other
worlds had we wished, in our space-cylinders, but we
had no desire to do so, having learned all that wc wanted
of those worlds by observation with our instruments,
and being content to remain safe upon our great world
of Neptune and smaller moon-world of Triton. And
safe we remained there, for ages, yet, during all those
ages, there was coming closer toward us a great crisis
which we had long before foreseen, yet which we had
considered so remote a peril as to give it 110 attention.

  “But now that peril had become close, and great. And
it was none other than the extinction of all life on both
Neptune and Triton that faced us, due to their steady
cooling. For all worlds, however fiery their interior
cool in time and die. And steadily, surely, the interior
fires of both Neptune and its moon had been cooling and
the substance solidifying. Already they had cooled so
far that the surface oi Neptune was much colder than
ever before, and that of Triton also, and with each pass-
ing century that, cold was increasing. It would be a
matter of time only, it was plain, before both Neptune
and its moon would lie utterly without life, a terrible
frigidity reigning upon each, all life perished from them
in that bitter cold. For though worlds nearer the sun
might exist by means of the sun’s heat, though life on
them could cling to existence through the sun’s warmth,
Neptune and its moon were so unthinkably distant from
the sun that almost no heat reached them from it, and
270

AMAZING

STORIES

as their interior fires cooled, they must inevitably become
so cold as to annihilate all life upon them!

  “It was evident that some great plan must be adopted
that would prevent this condition, and such a plan was
quickly dccidcd upon. This plan was to enclose both
Neptune and Triton with great roofs of metal that would
hold in them the heat that was being radiated out, and
that would make it possible to aid the failing heat of the
two worlds by artificial means. It would be a gigantic
task to place those great roofs about Neptune and Tri-
ton, but we set to work upon it and for years upon years
all the energies of the Neptunians were centered upon
the construction of those roofs. We had established
vast workshops in which the plates of metal that were
to form the great roofs were turned ceaselessly forth,
and these in turn were joined together to make the great
roof of giant Neptune.

  “It had been decided that that great roof that was
to enclose Neptune would have no supports whatever.
For that roof was to be in effect a gigantic spherical
shell enclosing Neptune, and as such it would float in
space around Neptune without touching it at any spot,
since the attraction of Neptune upon the roof would be
the same in all parts; thus it would not be pulled to this
side or that, and would not touch the great planet in any
place. The small attraction of the sun and the other
heavenly bodies on the free-floating spherical enclosure
was nullified by an automatic force-ray pressing against
the inside of the roof in the right direction, and thus the
giant spherical shell could enclose Neptune, and could
float about it, moving with it through space, without
touching it at any point!

  "The metal plates, that had been joined together to
make the vast spherical shell, were of a strength to resist
all stresses, and they had been specially treated by a
crystallizing process that gave them a unique property.
This was the property of admitting all heat and light
vibrations from above through them, but repelling those
from below. Thus when the great roof was in place
around Neptune, enclosing it completely, the sun’s light
and heat penetrated down to it through the roof without
check, making the roof seem transparent from below.
Rut no light or heat vibrations could pass up through
the roof from beneath, so that it appeared quite opaque
from above. Thus what light and heat the sun furnished
were not lost, and Neptune’s day not darkened. But
very little of that heat of Neptune itself could be radiated
outward into space.

  "With the great roof in place around Neptune, and
with openings that could be opened and closed at will
provided in it, for entrance to or exit from Neptune,
a similar roof, though far smaller, was constructed
around the smaller globe of Triton. With those great
enclosures thus shielding Neptune and Triton, there-
fore, their cooling was slowed, and it seemed to all that
the expedient of the great roofs had warded off the men-
acing cold that had threatened to extinguish all life on
Neptune and Triton. Strange new cities were built on
Neptune and Triton, great compartment-cities that
needed not roofs with the great roof above them. New
methods were found of producing vast food supplies
for the crowding millions of Neptunians, by stimulating
with electrical force and chemicals the growth of vegeta-
tion to an unthinkably swift rate. Thus we Neptunians,
in our giant enclosed world of Neptune and in our en-
closed moon, Triton, had checked the colossal peril that

had threatened us and could continue to live safely upon
Neptune and its moon for age upon passing age!”

CHAPTER X

To Split the Sun!

E had checked the great peril that had hung
over us, but we found, as the centuries and
ages passed, that we had only checked it, that
we had not banished it. For nothing in the universe
could halt the cooling of Neptune and Triton. As their
interior fires cooled, colder and colder grew their sur-
faces, despite the roofs that enclosed them. It was then
that we had recourse to another means of halting that
oncoming cold—the use of artificial heat. We set up
in the giant compartment-city of Neptune, and in that
of Triton also, great globes that radiated out unceasing
and intense heat. These globes held inside them their
own mechanisms, mechanisms that could change etheric
vibrations of electricity and light and others into hcat-
vibrations, by changing their wavelength. And with
these radiating their ceaseless heat, and with the great
enclosing roofs, the oncoming cold was again checked.

  “Yet after a time we were forced to recognize that
this check also was but temporary. For we were fighting
the most grim and hopeless battle in the universe; we
were fighting against the relentless and inevitable changes
caused by the immutable physical laws of the universe.
So that, aid its failing heat as we might with artificial
heat-producers, the interior heat of Neptune was waning
still, and more and more globe heat-radiators were re-
quired to keep the temperature of Neptune at its usual
height. The Neptunians of Triton were faced with the
same problem, but their situation was not so desperate
as of those upon Neptune, since though Triton had
cooled as quickly, its enclosed space was so much smaller
than Neptune’s, its great roof so close to it also, that
it was possible with an effort to keep enough heat-mech-
anisms going there to maintain the warmth.

  “On Neptune, however, the struggle became more and
more desperate, our great struggle against the blind laws
of nature. For as Neptune’s interior heat declined
farther and farther, it became more and more impossible
for us to keep enough heat-mechanisms going to keep
it warm enough for life. And at last, after years upon
years of that awful struggle against fate, wc of Neptune
realized at last that it was no longer possible to keep
Neptune warm enough for us to exist there, and that we
must leave it at once for some other world if we were
to escape extinction; since as the great planet’s interior
heat declined, it became more and more agonizing for
us to keep enough heat for life by means of the heat-
mechanisms, and it was clear to all that the end was at
hand unless we left Neptune!

  "But where could we go? Even if one of the other
planets were suitable to receive us, we could not have
transported all our masses from Neptune to another
planet in time to escapc the doom of cold and death that
was closing down upon Neptune. To transport all those
masses would have required countless trips with our
limited number of cylinders And to take refuge upon
another planet, even had lime been ours, was almost
out of the question. For long our scientists had studied
the other planets with their instruments, and though
some of them were so cloud-wreathed and others so dis-
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

271

tant as to make observation difficult, it had long been
known to us that none of the other planets, due to their
natural conditions or to the presence of intelligent alien
beings already upon them, would be possible as a world
for us Neptunians. It was for those reasons, indeed,
that 110 expeditions of cylinders had ever been sent to the
other planets.

  “There remained, then, but one place where we might
go, hut one place to which our millions might go before
Neptune's cold grew too great for life. That place was
Triton, our peopled moon. For peopled as that moon
was with its own masses of Neptunians, struggling
against the same menacing cold that had vanquished us
on Neptune, it was the one refuge for our peoples. By
crowding into its every comer, the countless millions
of Neptune’s peoples would be able to exist upon Triton.
Aud though the cooling of Triton had menaced it with
cold also, it has been found, as we have mentioned, that
it was not so hard to keep Triton warm by means of the
artificial globular heat-mcchanisms, the space enclosed by
its great spherical roof being much smaller. It was a
desperate expedient, truly, to mass all the thronging mil-
lions from the compartment-city that covered all giant
Neptune, to mass all those millions upon little Triton,
yet that was the one expedient open, and so it was fol-
lowed at once.

  “‘Out from Neptune to Triton went all the cylinders
of both worlds, loaded with as many Neptunians as they
could carry, depositing those Neptunians upon Triton
and racing back for more. Countless trips made those
thousands of cylinders, trip after swift trip, each occupy-
ing hut little time because Triton was so near. And so
at last there came a day when the whole of Neptune’s
millions had been transported out to Tritoil, when there
remained on Neptune itself no single, one of our races,
out giant world lying cold and deserted and dead, 110
longer a habitable world, its vast compartment-city empty
of the millions that had for ages swarmed through it,
while all those millions were crowded now upon little
T riton.

  “And so crowded were those vast hordes of the Nep-
tunian races that for a time it seemed that they could
not exist in such numbers upon Triton. This crowd-
ing was made less acute, however, by an expedient now
adopted by us. As mentioned, the Neptunians who had
settled upon Triton long before had found that the un-
changing day on one side of it and the unchanging night
on the other were, inconvenient for them after the alter-
nations of Neptune’s day and night, and so had begun
tlie custom of spending a day of ten hours upon the sun-
lit side of Triton and a night of equal length upon the
dark side, Aud now we found that we could make
the crowding of our races upon Triton less acute by
having half of them working and active upon the sun-
ward side for ten hours while the other half slept
through their night on the dark side. Every ten hours
these two halves of our people changed sides, changed
from day to night, a signal having been devised to mark
the hour for that change, a signal which consisted of a
brilliant band of intense light, that passed swiftly around
hoth Triton’s dark and sunward sides. With this shift-
ing of our peoples each ten hours it was possible to make
use of all of Triton’s surface, and thus the crowding of
our peoples upon it was made less acute.

  “Yet that crowding was still very great. All the
thronging Neptunians that had existed upon the surface

of giant Neptune had been poured out on little Triton,
far, far less in size than its great parent-world. Aud
thus, though they could exist upon it, it was existence
only that was possible to the Neptunians 011 Triton, since
this awful crowding would grow worse, we knew, rather
than better. And also, and more important, here on
Triton the same deadly menace that had driven us from
Neptune was again confronting us. For even as Nep-
tune had coolcd, Triton had cooled, was cooling also.
And though we strained every effort to keep the warmth
in Triton constant, though we sent cylinders constantly
back to dead and deserted Neptune to bring from it more
heat-mechanisms and other needed mechanisms, we
found that even as 011 Neptune we were fighting a losing
battle with nature. For Triton was cooling, was cooling
still farther, and soon would be completely cold and
dead, its interior heat gone out into space. And when
that happened, 110 number of heat-mechanisms could keep
warmth upon it, even beneath the great enclosing roof,
and all life on it must perish.

  “The Neptunian races had come to their last stand!
Crowded upon our refuge of Triton, striving with all
our power to keep upon it the warmth, without which
we could not live, we saw at last that some new and
radically different plan must be found, or we could no
longer exist. So all the greatest of our Neptunian scien-
tists were called together by us, the Council of Thirty.
Into a great conclave here 011 Triton they were called, and
to them, without equivocation of any sort, and to the races
of the Neptunians, tlie situation that confronted us was
stated. We had been driven from Neptune by the relent-
less growing cold, and now that same cold was upon
us here at Triton, was threatening us here also with
annihilation. How were we to meet this great menace
that threatened to wipe us out?

OUNTLESS were tlie plans that were advanced
in answer to that menace by our scientists. The
first, and most obvious plan, was migration to another
planet. But here we were checked by the same consid-
erations that had made us unwilling to try that before,
for we knew by observation of the other planets that
upon none of them could we live as we lived upon
Neptune. Some of them were greater in size than
Neptune, with greater gravitational power, and that was
a difficulty that could not be overcome by us since upon
those planets our weight would be so increased as to
make us helpless, even had those planets been fit for our
life. Some planets were peopled by intelligent and
powerful races which we might be able to conquer after
terrible struggles. Others were too near the sun for us
to ever inhabit them, who had evolved on the dim, cool
world of Neptune, die outermost world. Other planets,
as far as we could tell, were quite uninhabitable. Mer-
cury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus—
not one of them was suitable as a world for us Nep-
tunians. And we had, also, no desire to move to another
planet, in truth, since so many ages had it taken for us
to build our great compartment-cities upon Neptune and
Triton, to shield them with their great roofs, that it was
impossible for us to leave them, even had we been able,
to start anew upon another world.

  “We must remain with our own great world, it was
plain, but how then could we continue to live? In-
numerable were the suggestions that were advanced, hut
even those who advanced them were forced to admit
272

AMAZING

STORIES

them impracticable. Scores upon scores of useless plans
were submitted to us, but none held even a shadow of
hope for us, and it was not until we of the Council
of Thirty had come to despair almost of warding off the
doom that threatened us, that a plan was finally ad-
vanced by which that doom could indeed be halted.

  “That plan, put forth by three of our Neptunian sci-
entists in cooperation, was one of such colossal nature
that even we Neptunians, who had roofed our worlds and
had fought for so long the forces of nature, were stupe-
fied by it. These tlirce Neptunian scientists, in stating
their plan, stated first that it was apparent to all that
no escape to other planets was possible for us, and
that our races must remain at Neptune and its moon, for
life or death. They stated that it was equally clear that
no means could be found by which even Triton could be
kept heated artificially, all such means suggested requir-
ing such vast expenditures of energy as to make them
impossible for any but the shortest period of time. These
premises, they said, were clear indeed, and it was equally
clear that unless a new source of heat were found in some
way for Neptune and its moon, we races of Neptunians
muSt swiftly die. And so these three suggested a source
of heat that never even had occurred to any of the rest
of us, suggested—the sun!

  “The sun as a source of heat for us! The idea seemed
incrcdible to us—the Council of Thirty. For to us of
Neptune, lying so far out in space from the sun, that
sun could never mean and had never meant what it does
to you of the inner planets. To you it is a source of
ceaseless blazing heat, of brilliant light, warming your
worlds sometimes to scorching, no doubt. But to us
that sun has seemed always but a tiny little disk of fire
far off in the void from us, a little sun-disk that gives
to us the dim light of our pale Neptunian day, but that
gives to us hardly any measurable heat whatever. We
had simply never thought of the sun at all as a source
of heat, any more than you would think of a star as a
source of heat, since we had been accustomed always to
rely upon the interior heat of Neptune for our existence.
But now with that interior heat gone, with Neptune cold
and dead beneath the zero temperatures that reigned
there, and with Triton fast approaching the same condi-
tion, these three Neptunian scientists advanced the sun
as a possible source of heat that might save us.

  “The sun, they admitted, was loo infinitely far from
us to help us any with its heat as conditions were. But
what, they asked, if the sun were to divide into a double
or multiple star? Countless stars of the universe, we
knew, had done so, had split into a double or triple or
multiple star, and in so dividing, by reason of their rotary
speed or centrifugal force growing so great as to make
it impossible for them to hold together, the two or more
small suns forming out of one always moved some
distance apart from each other, by the first force of their
division. If the sun were to divide into a double star,
therefore, the two smaller suns that would be formed
thus would undoubtedly follow the same course, would
be pushed apart from each other by the very force of
their division, some two billion miles, our astronomers
had calculated.

  “Pushed apart thus, the two new suns would form an
ordinary double star, or binary, the two revolving around
each other. And by their division almost all the planets
of the solar system would without doubt be engulfed in
one or the other of the two suns. The four inner planets

would inevitably be annihilated when the sun split into
two suns, when those two rushed apart from each other.
For if they were not directly in the path of the two
separating suns, they would be drawn into those separat-
ing suns almost at once by the tremendous gravitational
disturbances attendant upon this tremendous cataclysm.
They would have no more chance of life, indeed, than
midges in a great blaze. And in the same way Jupiter
and Saturn would be whirled out of their orbits, since
those orbits would be fatally confused and changed by
the first division of the sun, and by the loss of centrifugal
force attendant upon their confused slowing they, too.
would without doubt be drawn into the path of one
or the other of the separating suns and perish in them.
And even Uranus would meet a doom as inevitable, since
with a distance of two billion miles between them the
two new suns would be resting almost exactly upon
Uranus’ orbit, and so that world too would go to blazing
death in one or the other of them.

  “But Neptune would not I For Neptune, farther out
than Uranus, farthest out of all the planets, would be
the one planet in the solar system that would escape the
tremendous cataclysm, due to its distance from the sun.
When the two suns separated, Neptune’s orbit would
probably change a little, it would probably sweep closer
in toward those suns for some distance, but except for
that it would be unchanged, and would by reason of its
great distance continue to circle in its curving path
through space, but would circle then around these two
new suns instead of around the former single sun. And
with those two suns separated as they were, by a distance
of two billion miles, Neptune would be near always to
one of those suns, because it would undoubtedly sweep
nearer to them when the cataclysm occurred, and would
take up an elliptical orbit about them with the two suns
as the foci of that ellipse. Thus it would always be near
enough one of them to gain from it or from both a
large amount of heat! For not only would Neptune in
its elliptical orbit be far, far closer to them thus, but
the other planets hurtling into them would tend to make
them hotter. Thus Neptune, revolving close about the
two suns, would gain from them the warm, life-giving
heat that it had never gained from the single sun!

  “That heat would thus solve the great problem that
faced us; it would halt the doom that was closing down
on us. For that heat would so warm Neptiine, that we
could go back again and take up our existence once more
upon it free from all peril, could live again in that great
compartment-city that covered all Neptune. And Triton,
too, would be livable, then. For the great roofs that we
had erected around Neptune and its moon would tend
to make of both worlds great hot-houses in effect, the
sun's or suns’ heat being able to penetrate down through
those roofs. And with those enclosing roofs about us,
and with the two new suns close, we could live on in
safety. For the enclosing roofs themselves would pre-
vent any inconvenience from the fact that Neptune now
and then would be farther from the two suns than at
other times, those great roofs keeping a constant warmth
upon Neptune and its moon.

  “Thus all the great peril that confronted us would be
thrust back, and we could live once more on Neptune,
more warm and comfortable there than ever before; we
could pour back once more to our mighty world that lay
now dead and cold and deserted—could do all this, if the
sun did divide into a double star. Yet what hope was
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

273

thejg that this could happen? We knew that the reason
■tffher suns, of the universe divide into double or multiple
stars is because they have reachcd a rate of rotatory
speed that makes it impossible for them longer to hold
together. For when a sun is spinning its mass tends to
split up by its own centrifugal force, just as a turning
wheel, and the faster the sun spins the greater grows its
centrifugal force, the greater its tendency to split. And
then at last that rate of spin grows so great, and its
centrifugal force is such that its mass can no longer hold
together, and fission takes place, the sun dividing into
two or three or even more stars, that push apart from
each other. But what chance was there of the sun doing
this ? For the sun, we knew, rotated at the speed of one
turn in 25 days, at its equator, and to split it would have
to be rotating at a speed of one turn in an hour. That
meant that it would be unthinkable eons before the sun’s
rotatory speed would have increased to that point. For
though a sun’s rotatory speed does increase as time
passes, due to the shrinkage of its mass, it increases so
infinitely slowly that it would be eons, indeed, before the
sun’s rate of spin would be so great as to cause its
division. And thus there seemed small hope indeed in
that plan.

'HEN it was that those scientists revealed to us

  JL the heart of their plan, and made clear to us the
true colossal nature of their suggestion. What, they
asked, if we ourselves increase the sun’s rotatory speed ?
What if we of Neptune should reach across the void
of almost three billion miles and set the sun to spinning
faster, spinning it ever faster and faster until it had
readied the critical point, until it turned once in one
hour? Fission would result then, the sun would divide
into a double star as they had calculated, and all the
benefits mentioned would come to us, and Neptune and
its moon would be warmed always by the heat of the
two suns about which they would revolve. If we could
do that, if we could reach across the void and set the
sun to spinning ever faster, it would soon divide into
two new suns, and thus we would have saved ourselves.
Yet we were thunderstruck by this suggestion of the
Neptunian sdentists. To reach out across the infinite
leagues of space that lay between our outermost planet
and the sun, to turn that sun ever faster until it split
into a double star—how ever could such a gigantic, stupe-
fying feat as that be accomplished?

  “But the Neptunians who had suggested this plan now
calmly explained how that colossal deed could be accom-
plished. Long before, indeed, we had discovered force-
vibrations, finding them a vibration that exerted tangible
and definite pressure or force upon whatever matter they
struck. And we had used those force-rays in some ways.
We had used them to propel our cylindrical vehicles out
through space from Neptune to Triton, and vice versa.
We had used them also, concentrated into slender, penril-
like rays of great power, as weapons, since those con-
centrated rays penetrated and destroyed all that they
touched. Now our scientists proposed to use them for
this huge plan—to reach across the void, across the solar
system, and to turn the sun ever faster, until the desired
division of it had happened.

   "Nor was this, as they outlined it, impracticable. The
sun, turning there in space at the center of the solar
system, has naturally one edge or limb turning away
from us, and the other turning toward us. Now, if we

constructed colossal generators of the force-vibrations,
generators that could produce a gigantic ray that would
have almost inconceivable power, and shot that ray across
the solar system toward the edge of the sun turning
away from us, what would happen? It was dear that
that great ray, striking against the side of the sun’s
mass turning away from us, striking that side with titanic
pressure and force, would tend to turn that side faster
away from us, would tend in that way to make the whole
sun turn faster! Such a gigantic ray, though it would
increase the sun’s spin thus but slowly, would continue to
increase the sun’s spin steadily as long as it was kept
turned upon the sun’s side. Slowly, but steadily, the sun
would turn ever faster, until soon it would have reached
that critical rotatory speed, of one turn in one hour, that
would make its centrifugal force so great as to make it
divide into a double star, and so save us of Neptune from
the cold death that hung over us.

  “Thus this mighty plan was presented to us, and it
was at once accepted by us of the Council of Thirty, by
all of the Neptunian races. For we saw that in it lay our
one chance for life, our one chance to halt the doom of
our races, our worlds, and to halt that doom we were
willing to make any effort. We knew that the other
planets of the solar system, that the seven other worlds
of this universe and all their moons, would go to flaming
death when our plan succeeded, would be annihilated
when the sun divided, but we recked not of that. For
the last necessity was upon us, the last closing down
of the doom that we had fought against so long, and to
remove the shadow of that doom from over us, we were
willing to send to a more terrible doom all the other
planets of the solar system.

  “Only one great difficulty lay before us. That gigantic
ray could be generated and shot forth by us, since it
would hot be difficult, by concentrating all efforts, to
construct the generators and mechanisms needed, but
from what place was that ray to be shot toward the
sun? And how? It was evident that the giant ray
could not be sent from Neptune’s surface. For not
only would it be almost impossible to keep its great
mechanism working in the constant terrible cold that
reigned there, but Neptune’s rotation would make it
impossible to send the ray forth from any spot on the
great planet, since because of Neptune's rotation, it would
follow that that spot—that great ray, would be toward
the sun half the time, on Neptune’s sunward side, and
the other half would have turned and point away into
space from its dark or outer side. It was apparent,
therefore, that the great ray could not be sent forth from
Neptune, since to achieve its effect that ray must play
constantly upon the sun’s one side or edge; and it became
apparent that only from Triton could it be sent forth,
since Triton kept one facc always toward the sun and
it would therefore be necessary only to set the great ray’s
mechanisms in that sunward side, when it would point ■.
unchangingly toward it.

  “As far as position was involved, therefore, it was
quite feasible to drive the colossal force-ray out from
Triton's sunward side toward the sun. But there was
another point involved, one that bid fair to ruin the
whole great plan. When this gigantic force-ray reached
out across the gulf, and struck the sun, it would push the
sun’s side with inconceivable power, as was planned, with
a power great enough to turn that sun’s titanic mass
faster. It would be, in effect, like a solid arm reaching
274

AMAZING STORIES

forth from Triton to press against the sun’s edge. But
the sun is gigantic, is millions of times greater in mass
than Triton, and so what would he the result of that
great pressure of the ray ? It would, without doubt,
turn the huge mass of the sun with that pressure very
slowly, but it would, by that pressure and by its reaction,
push back against the infinitely smaller mass of Triton
itself, and push it amvy from the sun; it would push it
back away from the sun with such colossal power that
Triton would be torn loose from the grip of Neptune,
its parent-world; would be torn loose almost instantly
from the solar .system itself, and would be hurtled
straight out into the awful void of interstellar space away
from the sun and all its planetary worlds!

  “It was the same principle, indeed, as that of our
cylindrical space-fliers. Those cylinders, generating in-
side themselves a powerful force-ray, shot that force-
ray down against the planet upon which they were. But
that force-ray striking with great pressure from the com-
paratively tiny cylinder to the great planet, did not move
the planet, of course, with its push. It moved instead the
cylinder itself, hurtling it upward from the planet because
its mass was so infinitely smaller than the planet’s. And
it would be the same way with Triton and the sun. For
Triton, sending forth the great force-ray generated upon
it, toward the turning sun’s edge, pressing against the
sun's huge .mass with colossal power, would not move
the sun, would not turn it noticeably faster as we planned,
but would move Triton itself out from the solar system
into the void of space ! Almost instantly, by that terrific
push, Triton would be hurled out into the awful gulf
of space, and thus by that terrific push outward would be
torn loose from the attraction of the sun and its planets
forever, and would by its own inertia shoot out through
the interstellar void for all time! And that meant, of
course, death for all the massed Neptunian races upon
Triton, since in the sunless, awful void of space outside
our universe, our solar system, they would at once
perish!

  “This seemed, indeed, the difficulty, which was to
make our great plan impossible. But with only that
obstacle standing between us and success, we did not
despair, but sought to overcome it. And at last we
found a remedy for this difficulty, found a means by
which it might be overcome. Triton would he pushed
out into the gulf of space away from the solar system
forever, when its great force-ray struck the sun’s edge.
But what, it was asked, if Triton were braced against the
push outward of that great raj', were braced by a great
force-ray of equal colossal power shooting out from it
in an opposite direction against some great mass, tending
in that way to push Triton inward toward the sun even
as the great raj' striking the sun would tend to push
it outward? The result would be obviously, that Triton
would be pushed on either side by the two opposing great
force-rays with equal power, and being so pushed be-
tween them it would not move either inward or outward.
And thus being immovable, being braced against the
pressure of the ray shot toward the sun by the pressure
of the ray shot out into the void against as great a
mass, Triton’s ray striking the sun’s edge would, as we
desired, turn that sun faster and faster, spin its huge
mass faster without affecting Triton itself! For, the
two great rays being so exactly balanced in power, Triton
would not be affected in the least in its own positions or
motions.

  “There was needed, then, only a second great force-
ray to go out into space opposite in direction to that
of the first. It meant, however, that since tlie first was
radiating straight toward the sun from Triton's sunward
side, .the second must radiate straight away from the
sun from Triton’s dark side, which would make the
second ray point out into the void toward the constella-
tion in which it would be in reference to the sun. That
is, we calculated that by the Lime all would be ready for
us to send the force-ray in toward the sun, the constella-
tion Sagittarius would be straight out from Neptune and
the sun ; then the second ray would need to be sent out
toward Sagittarius. For it would be, then, against one
of the great stars of Sagittarius that this second opposing
force-ray would strike, to brace Triton against the other
ray striking the sun, the star calculated Ixjst for that
purpose being the bright star in the quadrilateral of
Sagittarius. It was apparent, therefore, that when the
great forc.e-ray was shot toward the sun, the second or
bracing ray should be shot out against that bright star in
Sagittarius to brace Triton against the first ray’s push.

“\/rET in reality the problem was not as simple as

  i. that. For that star in Sagittarius, we well knew,
lay like all the stars infinitely farther from us than the
sun. It would require but a little more than four hours
for the first great force-ray, which travels as you know
almost as fast as light itself, to reach the sun. But it
would require a number of years for the second great
force-ray, traveling at the same speed, to reach the bright
star in Sagittarius and strike against it. For even the
nearest of the stars, of course, lies so far from our
solar system, our universe, that it requires years for light
to cross that colossal distance; in consequence it would
require as long or longer for the second force-ray to
cross such a great distance, traveling as it would at a
speed almost that of light. Thus, since that bright star
in Sagittarius that had been fixed upon lay dozens of
light-years from our solar system, it would require
dozens of years for that second great force-ray to reach
that star!

  “It was evident, therefore, that tlie second force-ray
would need to be shot out toward that star long before
the first, since it was vitally necessary that the two rays
strike their objects at the same moment.

  “The first thing to do, therefore, was to prepare the
great generators and send that second ray out toward
Sagittarius. That work was begun at once, for only a
short time was left us. On Triton’s dark side, beneath
the great roof, countless great generators were con-
structed, giant generators of the force-vibrations which
could by their massed power produce a colossal ray of
unthinkable power. Then a great pit or giant well was
sunk in the roof, one whose sides sank down from the
roof toward the surface of Triton. At the bottom of
that great pit, on Triton’s surface, was set the mighty
mechanism or ray-concentrator that would send the gath-
ered power of all the massed generators driving out into
the great void in one colossal ray. That mechanism was,
of course, upon Triton's surface, and was cut off from
the rest of that surface by the metal walls that rose
around it to the roof, since in that way it was possible
to send the great ray out from Triton’s surface through
an opening in the great roof, the enclosing walls or sides
of the pit preventing the warm air beneath tlie roof from
escaping outward, and keeping it air-tight as ever.
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

275

  “With that much done, the controls of the colossal
ray and its generators were then constructed. Those
controls were not single but were repeated no less than
twenty times, there being a score of control-boxes for
the great ray, set around the walls of the huge pit from
which the ray would spring forth, and entered not from
without but from within those walls, of course. A
single control-box would have been enough, but our
object in having a score of control boxes was clear
enough. It was a matter of life or death for all the Nep-
tunian races that those controls should function properly.
If this great second force-ray ceased but for a moment
to go toward the star in Sagittarius, as mentioned, the
backward pressure of the other great force-ray pressing
against the sun would hurl Triton out of the solar system
for all time, with all the Neptunians upon it. So those
controls were not entrusted to a single control-box but
were duplicated in twenty, so that if any one control-
box was destroyed or harmed in any way, or even if a
half-score or more were so destroyed or harmed, the
great ray would continue to go forth.

  “With that done, with the great generators ready, the
ray-mechanism or opening ready, and the control-boxes
and their intricate controls all completed, the first step
was finished and there remained but to turn on the
giant ray, to send it forth to that bright star in Sagit-
tarius. So on the day that had been designated, the
Neptunians to whom had been entrusted the all-important
watch of the twenty controls, took their places in the
control-boxes. The great ray-mechanism had been so
placed in Triton’s dark side, of course, that it pointed
directly toward that star which the ray was to strike,
and so it was needed only to turn on the giant ray. And
so, at last, with all the Neptunians gathered there be-
neath the roof around the walls of the giant pit, staring
through those walls, transparent from within, we gave
the word. Then, as one, the twenty controls were
opened, and from the gathered throbbing generators
from the great ray-mechanism at the huge pit's bottom,
there drove upward and outward into the great void of
space the colossal force-ray, visible only near its source
as pale light, flashing out at almost the speed of light it-
self, on its stupendous journey across the void toward
that bright star in Sagittarius that was its goal!

  “There was no push against Triton, of course, when
that colossal ray went forth, for there could be no push
against Triton until that ray struck a solid body, struck
the star that was its goal, and then it would push back
against Triton. Just as if you reach forth to push your-
self away from a wall, there is no push on your body
until your hand reaches the wall. Not until dozens of
years had passed, we knew, would that great ray strike
the star in Sagittarius that was its goal, and not until
then would come the back-push against Triton, the brac-
ing back-piish that was its purpose. And in those dozens
of years, with the great ray shot ceaselessly forth to that
star, of course, Neptune and Triton themselves would be
moving somewhat, would be moving as Neptune followed
its slow orbit around the sun. But so slow and so vast
is Neptune’s orbit-movement, that it would have moved
but little, and as it moved, the ray-mechanism would be
turned constantly a very little so that its great ray would
still be directed ceaselessly toward the star in Sagittarius,
and so that when that ray struck that star, Neptune and
Triton would be just between or in line with the sun
and that distant star.

  “Thus half of our great task was finished, and there
remained but to complete the other half, to make ready
for the sending forth of the other great force-ray, the
first one as we called it, toward the sun. In the years
that followed, while the great force-ray traveled cease-
lessly, on and on through the great void, toward that~
distant star that was its goal, we Neptunians were busy
here upon Triton with the making ready of the newer
force-ray. On Triton’s sunward side, directly opposite
to the other force-ray’s source, we constructed again
the great generators that would be used for this newer
ray, massing them there beneath the great roof. With
those generators finished, we began again to construct
a great pit or well in the roof, and to place at its bottom
the ray-mechanism that would send this newer force-
ray in through the. solar system toward the sun.

  “Terrible years were those for us, though now at last
this terrible time approaches its end. For in those years
we had not only to keep on the immense task of con-
structing generators and mechanisms for the newer
force-ray, and to keep operating the other great genera-
tors and mechanisms that were sending forth ceaselessly
the great forcc-ray toward Sagittarius; we had also to
fight against the ever-encroaching cold that'was deepen-
ing ever its dread menace over us, and that seemed on
the point of overcoming us even as we reached the climax
of our giant fight against doom. For ever that cold on
Triton grew greater as it grew still cooler at its heart,
and ever we must make greater and greater efforts to
keep operating the innumerable heat-mechanisms that
alone held death back from us. Yet we spurred ourselves
onward by the thought that now at last we were ap-
proaching victory over this dread menace of cold that
had beset us for so long, for at last the dozens of years
required were drawing to an end and the great force-ray
was fast nearing the star in Sagittarius that was its
goal.

“QO we labored on with all our strength, and soon the
kJ mechanisms of the new giant force-ray were fin-
ished, its great pit ready in Triton’s sunward side, and
the twenty control-boxes set in that pit’s walls. Now
at last was approaching the crucial moment of our great
plan, that moment in which all must be calculated and
performed with infinite care lest we meet disaster. The
greatest of our scientists had many times, in those years,
calculated the exact moment when the huge force-ray
we had shot forth would meet at last the star in Sagit-
tarius, would strike against that star. It was necessary
that the other giant force-ray that we were to send forth
against the sun would strike the sun's edge at the same
moment exactly as the other ray struck that star, and
with the same power exactly. So all was anxiety un-
utterable as wre approached this great climax of our
plan.

  “By this time, scores of your earth-davs ago, Neptune
in following its orbit had moved so that it was almost
exactly between the sun and that distant star in Sagit-
tarius toward which the ray was shooting. The fact
that Triton revolved about Neptune did not impede that
ray, of course, since as you know Triton moves about
Neptune in an orbit slanted greatly, inclined greatly from
the ecliptic, and so even when on the outer side of Nep-
tune its ray would be able to go straight toward the sun,
through the upper limits of Neptune’s atmosphere, and
so in the same way, even when it was on the sunward
276

AMAZING STORIES

6ide of Neptune, its great ray, that we had sent forth
years before, could shoot directly toward the star in
Sagittarius. The only thing needful was that the ray
we sent forth toward the sun be of the same power and
strike it exactly when the other ray struck that distant
star, go that they would push hack against Triton with
the same force at the same time,

  ‘■'So in tense anxiety we remained and at last there came
the moment for which we waited, more than four hours
before the time wheu we calculated the other ray would
strike the star in .Sagittarius. And when that moment
came the signal was given and the new mighty force-ray
was shot forth, from Triton’s sunward side, shot, forth
toward that edge of the sun turning away from us!
That ray, of course, had no planets directly between it
and the sun, we having chosen long before a time for
the whole plan when this would not happen. But hi the
four hours and more that followed, we millions of
Neptunians waited .here on Triton with suspense un-
utterable. The moment was approaching when this giant
force-ray would strike the sun. If we had calculated
wrongly, if the other giant ray did not strike that star
in Sagittarius at the same moment, Triton would be
hurled out to doom in the great void by the sun-ray’s
pressure! Tensely we waited and then at last there came
the moment for which we had waited. That moment
came, and passed—that moment in which the new giant
ray struck the sun—yet Triton did not move beneath its
pressure.

  “W.c knew that we had won! For the other ray had
struck the star in Sagittarius at the same moment, balanc-
ing Triton against the pressure of the sun-ray, and now
as we observed the sun, we saw by our instruments that
it was turning faster already! Its huge mass was spin-
ning faster as our great ray stabbed from Triton to press
against that mass’ edge with colossal force! Within the
first earlh-day the pressure of that great ray against the
sun’s edge had increased the sun’s speed of spin at almost
the exact .amount we had calculated, had decreased its
rotatory period by four hours. And each day thereafter
the steady pressure of that colossal force-ray has turned
the sun ever faster at the same steady rate, has de-
creased its rotatory period by four earth-hours more.
So that even as we had calculated, we saw, within ISO
earth-days from the first sending forth of the sun-ray,
■that the sun would be spinning so fast beneath that ray’s
pressure, its roLary period decreased to the critical
period .oi one hour, that it would no longer be able to
hold together and would divide into a double star!

  ‘And even now that great plan which we. the Nep-
tunians, and we, the Council of Thirty, carried out,
comes at last to its fruition! For already more than
one-half of that time, more than eighty days, have passed,
and there remains hardly more than thrcc-score days be-
fore the great sun-cataclysm comes. Hardly more than
three-score days from now the end, for all your inner
planets, far all .the planets save Neptune, will come, the
.sun reaching that critical rotatory period of one hour and
spinning then so fast, beneath the pressure of our great
ray, that it cannot longer hold together, will divide into
two suns that will whirl apart from each other and en-
gulf in their fires all the planets save our own outer-
most one, sending them with all their peoples to fiery
doom! For to that doom we Neptunians are sending
them to save ourselves from a doom, in. another way,
equally as terrible.

CHAFTER XI

Desperate Chances

  AS the great globe’s voice ceased for a moment, that
strange, staccato voice to which for many min-
utes Marlin and I had listened, I found my brain
whirling with the things we had just heard. For a
moment I glanced around as though to assure myself
of the reality of what was about me, of what had just
been told us. The great globe, the thirty silent Nep-
tunians of the Council around it, -the other disk-bodied
Neptunians who guarded us—these, with the towering
black walls and strange twilight about us, only deepened
the strange trance of horror in which I had listened.
And now the great globe was speaking again.

  “Thus it is clear to you how unalterable is the doom
that we are loosing upon the sun’s other planets, ujmn
your own planet, to save our own. Nothing now can
save your world, and the other worlds of the sun, from
annihilation, and it is to make that dear to you that we
of the Council have told you this much of what we have
done. Nothing can save your world from death, yet you
two of that world shall escape that death with ,us Nep-
tunians. For it is evident that your race and you must
have considerable scientific knowledge to enable you to
imitate our great force-ray and use it to venture out
here to Neptune. So that, though lesser than our own
great ancient race in science and knowledge, it may well
be that you have certain knowledge, which would be
new and useful to us. For that reason you have been
saved, and have been taught our Neptunian tongue. From
now on our scientists will question you, and whatever
of new knowledge you are able to give to us, you shall
give. You have heard, from us, how hopeless it is to
think more of your own doomed world, and you know,
of course, how entirely in our power you are. Therefore
think well, when you are taken bade to your cell, upon
what you have learned here, since it is only for the sake
of what little our knowledge might gain from you that
you two have been preserved from the death.

  The great globe was silent, and before we could reply
to it, could gather even our whirling thoughts, the
Neptunians guarding us had dosed about us again, point-
ing to the door through which we had come. As hi a
daze Marlin and T were led through that door, the great
globe turning and following us with its single vision
eye as we went out. 1 think that neither Marlin nor I
came to complete realization of our surroundings until
we had been thrust once more into our little cell. For
it was only then, staring toward me as though half-
unseeingly, that Marlin repeated slowly the great globe-
mechanism’s last words.

  “The death that in days will overtake our world ! And
the Neptunians are loosing1 that death on our world and
all the sun’s other worlds to save their own races!”
“And that is the explanation of all!” I exclaimed.
“The great ray that turns the sun faster, the other
ray shooting out toward the stars, the dead and deserted
surface of Neptune, the crowded surface of Triton—
God, Marlin, if we could only get back to earth with
what we know!”

  “We must get back!” he cried. “Even if we escaped,
we two could not turn off that great sun-ray, could not
wreck all its twenty controls. But if we could only get
back to earth and lead back here the fleet of space-fliers
TIIE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

277

<8/ hung .with hea
body downward in\
cell. . . and as Mar It
across the cell... I r,
to grasp him.

that the World
President planned to
build!”

  “It’s hopeless.

Marlin,” I said.

“We've thought of
a thousand ways of
escape in the days
that we’ve been here,
and not one has even
the wildest chance of
success.”

  Hopeless indeed it
seemed to Marlin
and me as wc sat
there silent in the
dusky little cel). For
the colossal epie of
Neptune’s past and
mighty plan which we
had heard there from
the Council of
Thirty, from their
globe - mechanism
that centralized their
minds, had implanted
in us a profound
despair. We had
found at last the ex-
planation o f all this
vast enigmatic thing
that was wrecking

our universe, but had found in that very explanation
new depths of hopelessness. Earth was doomed,
the solar system as such was <loomed! We saw
it, now. beyond all doubt, we, who alone of earth’s
races knew whence that doom was coming. And I think
that neither Marlin nor I, sitting silent there in the dusk
of our cell, gave any thought to the terrible fate that
hung over us two who had been kept alive, as we now
knew, for whatever possible knowledge wc might be able
to impart to the Neptunians. We forgot our own fate
of a living death amid the Neptunians in our agonized
contemplation of the great deepening shadow of doom
that, was darkening the sun and all its universe.

  It seemed to me, as we sat there, that it was centuries,
rather than weeks, sjnce Marlin had given to earth his
first warning of that doom, his first news of the sun’s
increased spin. All that we had come through since
that time seemed the events of countless years. The
great meeting of the World-Congress, and its adoption
of the plan of Marlin and Whitely; the building of the
space-flier and that Start by night of Marlin and Randall
and Whitely and myself in it; our hurtling flight out
from earth on our great mission, past Mars and through
the dangers of the asteroidal belt, past mighty Jupiter and
on, winning through, the peril that almost annihilated us
at Saturn, to our goal, Neptune; our amazement at find-
ing that world roofed and enclosed, the venture of Marlin

and myself down into its dead and deserted compart-
ment-city; the attack of the Neptunians, the pursuit and
destruction, somewhere out in the mists of Neptune, of
our two friends, of Whitely and Randall in the space-
flier; and our own capturc, our own journey to Triton’s
swarming, strange world, and our days’ imprisonment;
and now, at last, this titanic tale of the past and purpose
of Neptune’s races, which had been told us by the great
globe of the Council. It seemed incredible, indeed, that
all of these things cpuld have been so compressed into
the time of a few-seore days as they had been.

  Yet they had been, I knew, and knew too that the
sixty-odd, days that remained to us before the end came,
before the sun, spinning ever faster beneath the pressure
278

AMAZING

STORIES

of the giant ray from Triton, split at last into a double
star, that these three-score days would seem centuries on
centuries of agonizing torment for us two, who must
wait, imprisoned here, for the doom that was closing
down upon the solar system to come to its dread climax.
And at that thought, at the thought of that helpless
inaction that must he ours, a blind unreasoning revolt
arose in me as in Marlin, and like him I sprang to my
feet, paced the little cell’s length with clenched hands.
All was unchanged about us, the. towering black walls
around us, the half-heard staccato voices of the Nep-
tunian guards outside, the dim roar of sound that came
to us through the twilight from Triton’s swarming sun-
ward side. The very changclessness of the things about
us pressed upon my spirits with such suffocating force
in that moment, that I was almost on the point of beat-
ing blindly against the cell's door, when recalled to
myself by the suddenly tense tones of Marlin’s voice,
beside me.

  “Hunt!” he exclaimed. “There is a chance to get
•out, I think! I've been thinking, and il we can make
a great enough effort I think that we can win clear of this
cell, at least!”

  I ghook my head. "It’s no use, Marlin,” I said.
"We’ve gone over it all a thousand times—there’s no
way out but through the door, and that never opens but
with a half-dozen Neptunian guards standing with ray-
tubes outside it.”	,—	~-

  "But there is another way,” he persisted. “Out the
cell’s top, Hunt, out the roofless top!”

  “We tried it,” I told him, “and it was useless. Even
with tlie lesser gravitation here on Triton, even without
these weights on our feet, we could only jump a score
or more feet straight upward, and the walls are two
hundred feet high and utterly smooth and vertical.”
“But one way we didn’t try,” he insisted, and as I
listened with dull lack of interest, he went on to outline
to me his idea. And as I listened, my indifference sud-
denly vanished, for I saw that Marlin’s keen, inventive
brain had really found a plan that would give us a
chance of escape. “It’s our one hope,” he finished, “and
if we can use it to get out of this cell, we’ll have a chance
to steal one of these cylinders of the Neptunians and get
back to earth in it in time!”

  “We’ll try it at once, then,” I said, excited now at
this faint gleam of hope. “For the changing-hour for
the Neptunians on the dark and sunward sides conies
soon, and we don’t know how soon those Neptunian
scientists, who are to question us, will be coming here.”

WE prepared for the attempt at once. Our first
and main preparation was to unbind once more
from our feet the little and great-weighted disks of
metal, which increased our weight against Triton's lesser
gravitation to its normal earth-figure. With those disks*
removed, our lightest step sent us a few feet into the
air, so greatly were tlie results of our muscular efforts
increased. Then, since with my somewhat greater
strength T was to be the first to try Marlin’s plan, I
stepped, or rather floated, toward the couiparlmciit-ccH’s
side witii a single step, crouching down there with my
body braced against the wall behind me. From that
position the square little opening of the cell, two hun-
dred feet above, seemed infinitely distant, yet I did not
despair, drawing a long breath and then with all the
force of my musclcs leaping obliquely upward. Upward

and slantwise thus 1 went with tite force of that leap
for more than a score of feet, toward the opposite wall
that much higher from the floor, seeming to float smooth-
ly up—so much slower than on earth was my progress
through the air.

   And as I shot smoothly toward the opposite wall I was
twisting myself in mid-air, so that when I struck that
wall, more than a score of feet above the floor, it was
my feet that struck it. And as they struck it, bent with
my impact against the wall, I abruptly straightened them
again, shot suddenly away from that wall again on an
upward slant again toward the other wall. Again, as I
floated upward, I was twisting in mid-air to strike that
wall feet-foremost, and again as 1 struck it I was kicking
against it with my legs, so that hardly had I touched it
than I was shooting back across the cell again toward
tlie opposite wall, but again on an upward slant, gaining
a score of feet on each strange leap I made thus across
the cell! Thus, in zig-zag leaps from wall to wall, I was
progressing up the narrow cell toward its roofless top
far above! It was just tlie same as when on earth a
man in a wide chimney can work himself up from bottom
to top of it by bracing himself now against one wall and
now against another. And the fact that the cell was
much wider, could only be touched wall at a time,
was counterbalanced by the fact of Triton’s far lesser
gravitational power, which alone w§6 hiaking it possible
for me to continue my strange progress upward! * * •

  On Triton alone, indeed, or on a world of similar
size and gravitational power, was such a feat possible*
for only thus could one leap with such new impetus each
time from wall to wall, and twist in midair to strike braced
for another leap. And as I leapt up in that criss-cross
fashion from wall to wall, my heart beating rapidly, put-
ting all my strength into each great leap, I could see
Marlin on the cell’s floor below gazing up tensely through
the dusk, knew what depended upon our escape, and so
struggled upward with a superhuman strength. Up—up
—back and across—across and back—in leap after slant-
ing leap upward I progressed, until with a half-dozen
more leaps the cell’s open top lay close above me. By
then, though, the energy which I had summoned for this
superhuman feat seemed fast waning, and as I shot from
wall to wall I realized that T was gaining less and less
toward the top with each leap!

  Another leap—another—and as I shot back across the
cell’s width from wall to wall I was aware of the wall’s
top but a few yards above me, yet felt at the same time
the exhaustion that had gained upon me, now almost near
to overcoming me. Another leap—with agonized mus-
cles I propelled myself back to the opposite wall, with
the top of that wall but a few leet above me. One more
up-slanting leap would take me back up and across to
the opposite wall’s top, I knew, but in that tortured
moment I felt that I could never make it, and knew that
if I missed it I must inevitably fall downward. So, as I
struck that wall feet-foremost, I put the last of my
strength into a great effort and shot floatingly across
tlie cell’s width for the last time. And this time, with
hands outstretched, I struck the top edge of that opposite
wall, fumbled with it for an agonizing moment, and then
had grasped it and had drawn myself up on the thick
wall’s top!

  For a moment I lay across its top, oblivious to all
else in the exhaustion that possessed me, inhaling and
exhaling great panting breaths. Then as I drew myself
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

279

up a little I peered about me. Far away on all sides of
me stretched the walls of the compartment-city that
covered all of Triton, those wall’s tops intersecting like
a great checkerboard, and all level with the thick wall’s
top on which I lay. Twilight lay over a broad band of
that compartment-city about me, the twilight band be-
tween the dark and sunward sides, the brighter day of
the sunward side stretching away to one side, humming
with activity and with many cylinders moving to and fro
above it, while to the other side stretched the silent,
sleeping dark side, beneath its unchanging night. Now I
gazed down through the dusk toward the cell's floor far
beneath, and saw Marlin gazing up toward me anxiously,
gestured silently to him. And in a moment more he was
coming up toward me by the same great zig-zag leaps
from wall to wall that I bad used.

  In anxious suspense I watched him as he came grad-
ually up toward me, shooting from side to side oi the
cell in upward-slanting leaps that brought him each many
feet upward. Gradually, though, I saw that the force of •
his leaps was lessening, his upward progress slowing, as
he, too, began to feel the waning of his strength. I knew
that, older than myself as he was, those leaps were telling
against Marlin even more than they had done against me,
and in utmost suspense I watched as he came more and
more slowly toward me. At last he was but a score or
more feet beneath, his face tense and strained as he shot
from wall to wall, gaining now but a few feet each leap.
With clenched fingers I watched him, powerless to help,
saw him by a last gathering of his strength making an-
other up-slanting leap and another and another, until
,but one more was needed to reach up to the wall on
which I crouched. And even as Marlin made that last
leap, even as he shot across the cell’s width and up
toward the wall on which I crouched, I realized with a
thrill of horror that he had leaped short 1

  In that moment, as Marlin shot across the cell’s width
toward me with hands outstretched, I saw his white,
strained face and knew that even as I did he realized

End of

 the shortness of the leap that he had made with his last
 strength, realized that his outstretched hands would miss
 the wall’s lop by feet. Thai moment in which he shot
 across the cell, as his own hands struck the smooth wall of
 length, yet as he. shot toward me it was more by instinct
 than by conscious thought that I acted. Swiftly hook-
 ing my knees over the wall’s top upon which I crouched,

 I	hung with head and body downward into the cell,
 reached downward with hands open, and as Marlin shot
 across the cell, as his own hands struck the smooth wall
 of it many feet below the top, I reached and grasped them
 tightly. A moment thus we hung there, he held by my own
 down-swinging body, and then holding his own hand by
 one of mine I reached upward wilh the other, drew
 myself slowly and with an infinite effort upward. In
 another moment I had drawn myself and Marlin on to
 the wall’s top, and there crouched with him again in a
 silence of exhaustion for the moment. Only his and
 my own lessened weight, on Triton, had made it possible
 for me thus to save him.

   For but a moment we crouched there, ihen raised our-
 selves and looked quickly around us. Cylinders were
 moving to and fro from time to time over the com-
 partments of the twilight band, from the sunward side,
 and we knew that if we remained upon the wall’s top
 long we would inevitably be discovered. We must de-
 scend into one of the compartments as swiftly as possible.
 But into which one? In an endeavor to solve the ques-
 tion, we began to crawl quietly along the top of the
 wall, gazing down upon its other side as we did so. The
 compartment on that other side was a cell like our own,
 and it was empty; but its only egress was into the hall
 between the ccll-rows, and that was guarded by the Nep-
 tunian armed guards. To descend into it or into any
 of the other compartment-cells was useless, so along the
 wall’s top we crawled, through the dusk, until in a
 moment or so more we found ourselves looking down
 into one of the irregular-shaped ante-rooms to the great
 circular compartment of the Council of Thirty.

 Part II.

I^&USSIONS

In this department we shall discuss, every month, topics of Interest to readers. The editors Invite correspondence on all subjects
directly or Indirectly related to the stu:ies appearing in this magazine. Ir. case a special personal answer is required, a nominal
fee of 2Dc to cover time and postage is required.

THE SCIENCE CORRESPONDENCE CLUB

Editor, Amazinu Stouizs:

The club which readers of your magazine have
been asking about is now a living tiling. We
would be glad to have new members, those inter-
ested can receive iufoimation from either o£ the
following:

              Waller Dennis,

              4653 Addison St.,

                  Chicago, 111.

              Raymond Palmer,

              1431 38th Street,

              Milwaukee, Wis.

I herewith quote the Preamble of the CONSTI-
TUTION of the SCIENCE CORRESPOND-
ENCE CLUB.

Wc. the members of this organization, in order
to promote the advancement o£ Science ir. general
among the laymen of the world through the use
of discussion and creation and exchange of new
ideas, do ordain and establish this constitution for
the Sciencc Correspondence Club.

                  Mr. A. r.T, MacDcrmott.

              2745 26 Ave., Oakland, Calif.

(We are glad to publish thin communication
ar.ent the dub. Like all snch societies the mem-
bers arc the life-giving clement, anil AKAZlNO
Stories wants to help the good work.—Editor )

THE SPEED OF LIGHT AND OF SOUND

Editor, Amazing Stories:

I am an interested reader of Amazing Stories
and enjoy them very much. You may wonder
why I am writing this to you. The reason is I
would like to find out something and I thought
that you could give me the necessary information.

What I would like to know is the figures on the
speed of light and sound and bow these are
tested.

If you can't give me this Information, could
you tell me where I could get a book dealing
with these subjects and astronomy?

I -would 1>e very much obliged to you if you
could forward this information, and it would
settle a dispute between my friends and myself.

                   Dominic BochicclUo,

290 Pleasant Ave., New York City.

(The velocity of sound is determined as follows:

Let a cannon be fired at a point distant a known
amount from the observer. As it is fired, a flare
of lights is produced visible to the observer, who,
with a timing apparatus, obtains the time between
the flash and the sound of the explosion. As light
practically takes an infinitely short time to
over any terrestrial distance, the time determined
pivc3 the speed of sound. For light cnc method fol-
lows: Light from a narrow slit is allowed to fall
upon a mirror, to be reflected to another distant
mirror, which reflects It back to the first inirrur
and thus back to the source. This first mirror i-.
not stationary, however, bnt is made to revolve
rapidly; so that, when the waves'return from the
distant mirror, the angles of incidence and re-
flection are not quite what they were before, and
so the waves are not reflected directly hack to the
slit source, but are deHected slightly. If the
amount of this deflection, the distance apart of the
two mirrors, and the rate of revolution of the
rotating mirror are kllowu, the velocity of the
waves may be calculated. The encyclopaedia and
books ou physics give ether methods.—Editor.)

(Continued an pttge 231)
280

AMAZING STORIES

Jnne? 1930

     Shades of the Nth Man
"The Gladiator,’’ by Philip Wylie. Pub-
lished by Alfred A. Knopf, New York,
1930, $2.50.

“ataHE GLADIATOR” is a book which
I starts well, is quite readable and en-
■*- tertaining throughout, but is, after
all, disappointing. It is based on the fact
that insects, such as ants and grasshoppers,
are veritable giants of strength, comparing
their size to that of man. The father of
the hero, one Abednezo Duma, a bio-chem-
ist, succeeds in finding and isolating a
strength-producing matter, and succeeds
in producing tadpoles capable of _ shatter-
ing the glass walls of the aquarium and
in producing a super-cat, which, at the age
of seven weeks, opens doors by tearing
them to splinters, kills its mother by a
playful pawshake and later on kills full-
grown cows.

  It seems that the serum, or whatever
you call it, operates only through the
mother, and anxious to produce a human
being with prodigious strength, Abednezo
inoculates his wife. Tlie experiment is a
success. The child, a boy, is a marvel.
At the age of one week he is able to lift
himself back to a chair by the use of one
hand. His helpless and pious mother starts
a campaign of repression and the child,
Hugo by name, as he gets older, is usually
afraid of using his gift of super-human
strength. As he grows up, his inferiority
complex grows with him. True enough
he has been given plenty of brawn, but
not enough brain to overcome, what seems
to him, a handicap; a prodigious awe-
inspiring strength. This tragedy keeps on
increasing. He quits college because he
accidently kills a boy during a football
game. He goes a-sailing, saves the lives
of several people, to atone, as it were, for
the accidental murder, does some deep sea
diving, finds a lot of pearls (he opens the
oysters right on the spot, since he can
stay under water longer than anybody
else), and lands in Marseilles just as the
World War is declared. He naturally helps
to "make the world safe for democracy”
and proceeds to clean up the German Antiy
singfehanded. lie is invulnerable. Sharp
bayonets just glance off his skin, nor can
machine gun bullets puncture it only leav-
ing red spots. His ability to jump forty
feet and to run with the speed of an ex-
press train provides his trench with am-
munition, food and drink, all of which he
hauls in bundles weighing over two tons.
His pal “Shayne” is blown to bits by a
German shell, which infuriates him so, that

he invades a German trench and kills hun-
dreds of enemies barehanded by just
crushing them. It is most modestly stated
later on in the hook that Hugo’s mighty
deed induced the Germans to give up in
disgust and sign the Armistice. The father
of his pal, Shayne, visits him in France
and is intrusted with Hugo’s modest for-
tune, which through the older Shayne’s
loving care, grows to a million. With
the end of the war Hugo returns to
America, but his inferiority complex rides
him so hard that he cedes all his money
to his parents and goes to work as a com-
mon laborer in a shell foundry. Here,'as
everywhere, his strength creates hatred and
mistrust He is forced to quit and hires
out as a farmhand. A nice little love
affair with the farmer’s wife turns sour,
when he kills the attacking prize bull with
a blow of his fist. A telegram summons
him west to the bedside of his father, who,
before his death, reveals to him the secret
of his being, in the shape of notebooks
containing his case-history. Hugo then
goes to Washington, enters politics, and
wrecks the house of an obstreperous lob-
byist. But even he is not strong enough to
clean out the Augean stable of corrupt
politics, and goes to New York. There he
starts to work as a clerk in a bank. His
strength is again his undoing, becausc by
saving the life oi a fellow-worker, he tears
a vault to pieces with his bare hands and
thereby, in the eyes of the bank president,
becomes a menace to all banks. He is ar-
rested and ‘'third-decreed” by the police.
What he does to minions of the law is
amusing. He then accompanies an explorer
to Yucatan, saves the life of the man by
holding, lifting and throwing a block of
stone weighing many tons and is finally
induced by the explorer to reveal the secret
of his strength. The explorer, a scientist
of high degree, waxes enthusiastic and out-
lines to Hugo the possibility of creating a
large number of super-humans, such as
he, based on his father’s experiments, in
order to uplift the world in general. Hugo
wanders off into the jungle and is utterly
destroyed, notebooks _ and all, by a stroke
of lightning, which is a rather sad fafe.
Just as he had found someone who had
completely understood him and had found
for him a place in the scheme of things and
shown him where and how to be useful,
he dies.

  In spite of the obvious shortcomings of
this hook, it is quite enjoyable and will not
be forgotten as quickly as the average
"best seller.”—C. A, BRANDT.

       The World Below
“The World Bclozv," by S. Fowler Wright
Published by Long mam, Green & Co.,
New York, 1930, $2.00.

THE first part of this book was pub-
lished under the title "The Amphibi-
ans,” by the Merton Press of London in
1925, and the present volume is virtually
a reprint of the earlier edition with the
addition of a second part consisting of 16
chapters. In his previous books “The
Deluge” and ‘'Dawn,” Mr. Wright gave us
his version of how modern man would re-
act if another deluge should happen. In his
book “The Island of Captain Sparrow”
he has pictured the adventures of a modern
couple among people reverted to sav-
agery, and has shown the possession of
a splendid imagination, but unfortunately
has the same tendency toward wordiness
as his countryman Herbert George Wells
has. Furthermore, where Wells is clear
and given to satisfactory explanations,
Wright is abstruse and vague. “The
World Below” presents die problem: How-
wili modern man behave in a world totally
different from the one in which he grew
up? There is apparently only one way of
getting into the future and that is via the
fourth dimension, which has been employed
considerably by scientific fiction writers,
ever since Mr. Wells invented the "Time
Machine.”

  The hero of "The World Below” is pro-
jected by Professor Danby 500,000 years
into tlie future. He arrives in a strange
world, where trees scream while they at-
tack, where the hot soil projects rubber-
like roots to trip the wanderer, where
voiceless froglike monsters_ are peeled and
eaten a la banana by gigantic human beings
called the "Dwellers?’ a world where the
seas are peopled and controlled by furry
humanlike, yet sexless females, who tele-
pathically communicate their thoughts to
one another regardless of distance.

  After any number of queer adventures,
fights, rescues, ctc., he is finally brought
back to his own time.

  This book is puzzling to a considerable
extent. It is vague throughout, yet this
very vagueness is not without its charm.
It reminds one faintly of “Alice in Won-
derland,” in which everything is impos-
sible, yet seems quite true.

  In the Amphibian which accompanies
the hero on his adventures, Mr. Wright
has pictured an unusual creature, whose
gentle charm will not easily be forgotten.
-C. A. BRANDT.

FICTION
June, 1930

AMAZING STORIES

281

thu FREE BOOK

and you open the door to

 SUCCESS
"RADIO

 YOU, too, can be
 trained for a big-
 time radio job . . . Clip
 this coupon now and send
 for this FREE BOOK . . .

 Read it page by page ... see
 ' for yourself why thousands of
 fellows just likeyouare now mak-
 ing from $50 to $100 a week. . . .

 This free book gives you 40 fasci-
 nating pages of pictures and text,
 all about RCA Institutes, the only
 school that is endorsed by the Radio
 Corporation of America ... The school
 that actually sends you radio instruc-
 tion direct from RCA . . . the very
 source of radio achievement!

A DEFENSE OR OUR AUTHORS

Editor, Ama7.iw(; Stokies;

Your Amazino Storiss are amazingly wonder-
ful; a real stimulant for the mental faculties.
Those readers who arc continually finding technical
errors, and apparent impossibilities in the au-
thor’s stories, should use a little discretion: The
name. Amazing Stoeies, is all that it implies.

The.=e stories are replete with educational and
scientific matter, invaluable in themselves. The
author weaves these scicatiSc topics into his
story, in a sirai>lif:ed and instructive style, sc- the
lay-mind can readily grasp it. The authors do not
cxpcct their readers to assume everything in their
stories to be literal facts. . The reader, being in
MI possession of his reasoning and perceptive
faculties should be somewhat circumspect, in dif-
ferentiating between the real and the false, ac-
cepting the former aud rejecting the latter, al-
though the latter being ill the abstract, it should
be weighed in the balance.

Quite a few of the present discoveries and in-
ventions were looked upon as absurd and pre-
posterous, hut let us remember we are in the
twentieth century of wonderful accomplishments
and actualities. We are passing by gradations
into the realm of the marvelous. The future is
pregnant with latent potentialities, and'their con-
ceptions are gradually emanating from the brain
of man. Man will some day stumble upon the
riddle of the universe and will ultimately dis-
cover the poter.t forces whicV hare been responsi-
ble for its creation and his own.

                        Charles Starke,
Taft, Kern County, California
(This letter is of a type which gives encourage-
ment to the harassed editor. It is curious to find
some correspondents accusing us of dealing in im-
possibilities. The present correspondent takes
the right view, and expresses the idea underlying
Amazing Stos.ies texts. So much has been done
in the past that rather amazing things may be
looked for in the future.—Editor.)

A LETTER FROM CAPTAIN MEEK
ABOUT "THE RED PERIL"

Editin', Akazino Stories:

If you can spare me a little space in ycur ‘‘dis-
cussions'’ column, I will endeavor to answer some
of the objections raised to the statement made in
"The Red Peril” that the existence of a gravity
screen would exhaust the atmosphere of the
eartb. To begin with, I cannot prove my point.
Once an author leaves the realm of present
scientific knowledge, which ia susceptible of proof,
and ranges out into the field of scientific fantasy,
•J;= best that can be cone is to show that the lines
of present knowledge are extended.

The objections seem to fall into three general
groups, each of which I will discuss in turn.

   Objection 1: If a gravity screen were placed on
the earth, gravity emanating from adjacent points
on the earth’s surface would soon overcome the
effects of the screen and the volume in which
gravity was interrupted would be a cone whose
base would be the screen. Answer: Gravity was
assumed to be a wave motion of zero wavelength.
Such a force would not emanate from every point
on the earth's surface but from one point, viz, the
center of gravity of the earth. If we assume that
the center of gravity lies at or near the center of
form of the earth, the rays or lines of gravity
would leave the earth’s surface virtually normal
to that surface, and the volume in which gravity

whose apex would be the center oi gravity of the
earth, whose base would be an area, larger but
corresponding in shape to the scrccn at the limits
(sicl) of the universe, and whose upper surface
would he the gravity screen. This ia illustrated by
the diagram above.

Easy to Learn Radio
At Home in Your Spare Time

Let the RCA In stltntes Home Labor atory
Training Course give yon the real inside
facta of radio . . . quickly and easily.
Use your spare time to train for success
with the remarkable outlay of screen-
grid apparatus given to every student
of this course. You learn how to solve
every radio problem such as installing,
repairing and servicing fine sets. This
la the training that will help you to make
money in radio!

RCA Graduates in Big

Demand

For more than 20 years, there haB been
a well-paid position in Radio waiting

for practically every graduate of RCA
Institutes. This is a record unequalled
by any other school. Only the vast re-
sources of RCA could give yon this prac-
tical training...

Send for this Free RCA Book

"Radio ... the Field
of Unlimited Opportunity ”

' f3

Start today on the road to Success In
Radio . . . Send for this FREE BOOK.
Every page ie packed with pictures and
text telling you all you want to know
about RCA Institutes, theoldest and fore-
most Radio training organization in the
world. Radio can easily be YOUR ROAD
TO SUCCESS... That’s why you should.

Clip this Coupon NOW!

RCA
INSTITUTES
INC.

A Division ol
Ra<Ho!Corporatlon
of America

RCA INSTITUTES, Inc.

Dept.. Ex-6, 75 Yarlck Street, New Yo*k

Gentlemen: Please send me yonr FREE
40-uaee book which lllnstrates the brilliant
opportunities in Radio and describes your
laboratory-rnethod.of Instruction at homo I
282

AMAZING STORIES

June, 1930

            Now It’s Easy to
            iGet Rid of Fat!

                       Enjoy life I It's easy to liad
                       weight with Lea-Woto Re-
                       ducing Tabluul A turo,
                       nafo, bcienlillc method. You
                       will begin to reduce with
                       the first box. No energise or
                       diotinsl You can do what-
                       ever yon like—eat what you
                       wish—and just take Los-
                       W»te after your deal*. Tho
                       pounds will disappear lllto
                       magic t Thousands have IB.
                       duced tbi3 easy wayl

                  Send For
                  Trial Box

 Try Lai-Wait!,The. easiest and best w»3f to lose fatt

Ton’ll be astonished how .

  hnrmlr.m. Mono? rcfnncled If you arc not duliu hied. Just
  Blip a $1.00 bill in an envoJopo ar-d send for a trial bo*
  —enough to last two wcolia. Don't delay. ftame labor.
  SI.00 will start yon toward better beoltb, fcapplnosa and
  a bcautlfnl figure. Tho most nmazuu; fat reducer oa too
  market. It is positively Guaranteed to do the fwk. Two
  frccks' treatment uent by return mail, postpaid, $1.0U.

LE9-WATE PHARMAGAL ©0.

SE81 Carmen An. Dept. *8. Stilwao, llllnola

ELECTRIFY VOUR.
RADIO fOR ONlV*1

  Oto tSO.OOOTownaend
  “B"Pow«r Unita In Use

   Hoofcttd op in a few	Dbg

 eaoMtJ ‘	'*	......

   amaact

detail?. proof and free Trial Ofc

TOWW8EN!* LABORATORIES
ni TownMiutScmc GUcefo, Ullaoli

--------------wefuj~aitrta*UB wmwlvpro. J«*»t tfco pUn---

bar® nlw»ya wanted. Wrtta t«Uy. No ohh»M*oa.

 PACE-DAVIS SCHOOL OF ADVERT1SIHQ

  Dept. M2-A, aeoi Mleblgon five., diicato, U.S.A.

I CHALLENGE

  you that 1 trill teach you. by mail, in one Ioison, tho
  Btmplpct. shortest method- All for 51.00. Not telepathy.
  You cao road one'B mjnd to a dct. br only Inoklng In Uio
  ayiu of partner, chum, surwJioart, etc. Praised by New
  York. Ho*Urn. Montreal Pe!i«e chiefs; colleges; Thurston;
  Blackstone, etc. If fake, lot thorn arreat mo.

 A. HONIGMAN, Dept. Amaz. A

  5ta. E, P. 0. D. 05 .	Montreal, Can.

      SOMETHING DIFFF.RF.NT
      No Flint. No Friction

        MAKE UP TO
        $40 A DAY

 Showing My My story I.luhutr to
 Men. What Makes It Linhtr
 All Ouarnnteed. No Flint or Friction.
 yew PrlnoluU of lKnitlon. Sample

NEW METHOD MFG. CO.

Desk A.S.-6, New Method Bldg., Bradford, Pa

 *ylaKO i. ' M.....- —--------r— ____________

 t‘paro time. Also oam while you learn. No oxporienco
 nccossary, New easy molbod. Nothing oloo like It.
 fi-SPES	boo*» Opportun/r/es in modern

AMERICAN SCHOOL OF PHOTO CP-----

chicaEO.u.SoA,

 otfrgraphy, and full pertlcul

•xmmisff**'pHome^

 I POSITIVELY
 GUARANTEE

  to iaereana your p.rms onn-
  balf inch in aiac, thus! cue
  full inch, nlr.’iijth %%.
  health 100% in one wesk'a
  time, by following my in-
  Blniotlcn. and uaint my ex-
  erciser 10 minutes mornings
  and at night. Send ?1 (or

il ruuudnl.

PROF. J. A. DRYER
0« 1050-F Chicago, III.

   Objection 2: If the answer given to objection 1
 is correct, the natural bondin'; of the rays or lines
 of gravity would have the effect of filling in the
 void thus created and the volume of interrupted
 gravity would again foe a cone whose bn3c was the
 screen. Aiuwcr: The tendency of a wave motion
 to ber.d around obstacles ia a function nf its
 wavelength. A long wave bends more readily than
 a short one, thus an obstacle atouud which a
 sound wave will readily bend will inteirupt a light
 wave (i.e., cast a shadow), which has a shorter
 waveler.stb. If the wavelength of gravity is zero,
 the tendency to bend should lie entiiely eliminated
 and the wave would oontinue to infinity in straight
 lines norr.ia: to the earth's surface. The volume
 of interrupted gravity would still be the frustum
 of a cone as shown above. The following diagram
 will illustrate my meaning.

 , , SOUND AUDIBLE
 I I BEYOND THIS
 POINT- LIGHT
 NOT VISIBLE

SOURCE OF SOUND
"LIGHT BJkVS

                 -SOURCE OF UOHT
  Objection 3: As the air released by the gravity
  screen rose from the earth it would be thrown to
  the west out of the space where gravity lias been
  interrupted and so again become subject to the
  earth's gravity and return to the earth. Answer:
  Tho released air already has a circular motion,
  else WE wov.ld have constantly a thousand mile
  gale (at the equator) blowing around the earth to
  the west, a condition which docs not exist. The
  momentum of the air would keep it going in the
  same circular direction in which it was going when
  it left tlie earth ami it would stay within the
  volume uf interrupted gravity, cxcept as it was
  dragged cut of that space by tho force of gravity
  from eome other heavenly body where no gravity
  screen was interposed between tho center of gravity
  of the attracting body and the affected air.

  1 wish to thank your readers for the many
  kind tilings they have said about lay stories and to
  thank them even more for their valuable and
  kindly criticisms. These criticisms often point
  out errors to be avoided ia future yams and fre
  quently, as in this case, give tlie aulhur an idea
  for another story. X think that X can promise you
  n story soon in which a gravity scree-.i is con-
  structed. If I can succeed in writing this story
  in acceptable form, I will treat more elaborately of
  the gravity screen problem than is possible in a
  short discussion letter,

                           S. P. MEEK,
  Cap!., Ord. Dept.. U. S. A.
  (We have nothing In add in the line of com-
  ment to this interesting letter. When Admiral
  Byrd in the Antarctic kept ir touch with the
  world by racio, when Eiustein and others talked
  across the Atlantic by radio, when man flics at
  three to ten times the speed of the birds, and rises
  to six miles above the earth and call cut iron p.
  hundred feet under water with a gas torch, we
  are prepared to believe that anything is possible—
  even a gravity screen.—IipiTO*,)

ANENT "THE GOSTAK”

  P.ditor, Amazing Stories:

  In the March issue of Amazikg Stories. Dr.
  Brener certainly docs give “food for thought."
  The theorem of coordinates has rarely been stated
  in simpler language. In fact if the Einsteinian
  viewpoint as to "time" be emitted, lie has stated
  what is called the Theorem cf Angular Co-
  oidiuation as accurately as is possible without the
  use of technical terms or formulas.

  I do not undertake to say that the “action" in
  tho first part ot the story is “impossible,” Far
  from it. But I do say that ‘'duration,” the factor

WORLD Wl DE

Span thtiWoild HvlththiS Set/

  A new radio thrill tor youl Listen In OIKKCT
  to Trfindon, Ptirla, Berlin, Buenos Aires and
  uLlior bruiuleaoting ntations throughout tho
  world via short waves. Enjoy unlqjio foreign
  programs from stransa lands. Tour ordinary
  receiver cannot tune in tjieso loiv wave sta-
  tions. WORLD-WIDE BCCB1VBR gets 20 to
  560 uioter stiLtiona with surprising clarity.
  SEND NO MONET! Juat write your name
  and address on a postcard and nek tis to sond
  you this wonderful guaranteed short wavo sot.
  Pay postman ?6.46 plus a small delivery
  charge. Write today!

C'HAS. HOODWIN CO.

4240 Lincoln Are., l»*pt. F-RO, CHICAGO

WisBOOKiOf

  Amaze and Wyitlfy Your Friendil

  R«m money at Clubs and PnrJcj.
  {<0 aklU required. It'« eisy. "The
  Book cf lOOtJ Woudon,” tails how nod
  teaches you mcnj MartUne triclu o(
  Magic. Also conlaind a cumulate
  CfttBlos. Send lOe. today.

        LYLE DOUGLAS
 StatiM A-D	Onlhw. Text*

r~

a Day

from
Spate Time!

 Vt/^THOUT any obligation to you,
 ” let us tell you nil about our
 pleasant profitable money - maki ng
 plan that is bringing hundreds of
 people an extra big income from
 spare time in addition to their regu-
 lar earnings.

Hundreds Have Two
IncomesI

 This type of bubiness has enabled one
 young man in Ohio tn earn S300 io a
 single month’b spare time. A young Ca-
 li ud [an found that by giving his full time
 to it he_ could earn much mure tbun his
 rogular job paid. A busy mother, with
 throe children to cure for, mnnngod to find
 spare time tn net $150 profit.

Complete Outfit FREE!

 Office and factory workers, students, touch-
 ers. clerks, inexperiuoced people from all
 walks of lile are securing OTtra funds and
 tho luxuries they’ve always wanted hut
 couldn't qnite afford by means ol this plan.
 What they have done nnd aro doing. YOU
 CAN DO, TOO! Here is how:

Everyone reads miiguzines nowadays.
Thousands^ of subscription orders como to
unsolicited. Many are from your

 vicinity and might just as well have given
 you a handsome profit. All around you are
 people who want to renew .subscriptions to

    magazines and nrder others. As our official
    representative yon oould take care of all
    this business in your neighborhood, par-
    ticularly on the 11 popular MACKINNON-
    FLY PUBLICATIONS, nnd enjoy the
    handsome profits.

    Let us show you how to earn as high as
    $3.00 an hour—possibly even more. Mail
    coupon for complete FREE money-making
    outfit at once.

 i “"-Mail this Coupon Now!----?

    Mackirmon-Fly Publications, Inc.

    Dept. 2106-W, 381 Fourth Ave.

    New York, N. Y.

    Without obligation to me, please send
    me complete outfit and details ou your
    spnre-tlme money-making plan jm-

[lately.

Name .......

 Address .....

City and State
June, 1930

AMAZING STORIES

283

ntnmiiTY

omtus

MfS BIG

 " H'Ui*

AddriM.................

City.....................

 oJCaU»J. may*
 Kep:e«CDUti*«, 7 .Uedbury

.. BUM..............

  toB.A.Tarrrtw,
  Windsor. Oz*. Canada.

.. BUM..............

  toB.A.Tarrrtw,
  Windsor. Oni.. Canada.

City.....................

 of Cau»J. may*
 Kep:e«CDUti*«, 7 Medbury

QUiT TOBACCO

 Don't try to banish unaided tJic hold to- frr-.^wSsHL
 bacco lias upon you. Thousands ot
 <»ato topaeoo ua«rs hava. wilh tbu uiU of	W

 Keelpy TiaaUavnt, zouaa it e*5J to qtut.

 KEELEY TREATMENT FOR Igglif*
 TOBACCO HABIT	» J

 for tobacco. 8aocaBBfal for uvw 50 ihiii . Writ* *^gy ■-xfat

 ^aS1ips'MS4s«!feQl"s °*

 THE KEELEY INSTITUTE, Dept. L-G04, Owieflt, III.

 TlmM of Ibc faiDOTO Hanley Txeatmpnt for tfmtor and Drrnra.
 Booiclnt caut un Rgqra.au. CotroepWaoco Strictly CoaCdonflia.

 fit? 83 P#	B? “	V/orld'n

 r„! M-	bast p»»p8- jfiSaSS?!

 Kg t§f w Onderwnrvi. ilenityrwQ.

 Y . Royal— also portnhies—1'ricoa #SKeHj5s
 ®&>f>ah*d to btiow half. <Suy'l«irna.> taS3S«gte

 SEND MO MONET! JEffggg

 AlliatomodulBcomyl^tMlrreliantand jGgrKgG®
 jrMininft*d brand n<<w. (i-jsirnnteta

 Xor um TflRxa. Sand no mo nor-biff
 cata!:if ohorvo aetcal nucbloM
 la full color*. Get our direct-to-FOUceBjr
 ®aym*nt plan and in day tilal offer,

 Amumg •jnluoo-aaml &t coco.	^

 SutErnailoaal Typewriter Excfc, Dept.

 MEN—WOMEN, 17

MAKfNG ?60 to ?IOO A WEEK

  Why don't you"get into Electricity, too? It'u today'a great Oppor-
  tunity lor you and every other man who is sick and tired of strug-
  gling akin,: on small pay. Hundreds of "Coofce Trained Men"
  who wore no smarter than yon when they started now make S3.000
  to $3,000 e. year-—and some mate even more.

LEARN AT HOME IN SPARE TIME

  Learn with the famous L. L. COOKE "Work Sheet and Job
  Ticket" Method. It’s simple, it’s thorough, it’s practical. It's
  just like actual shop experience, yet it's all done risht in your
  own home with the Big Complete Outfit of Tools and Apparatus
  given to you without extra cost. And it’e done in your epare time,
  Without quitting your present job or losing a single hour’s pay.

. PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE NOT NEEDED

  You don’t need previous experience—ycu don’t need higher
  education to learn Electricity the L. L. COOKE Way. If von
  can read and write, that'& enough. Thin great Training is amazingly
  clear and simple. There's nothing like it anywhere. It’s the Train-
  ing with hundreds of successful graduates; it’s the Training that
  hua put many men on Easy Street; it's the Training for YOU.

GET STARTED—NAII. COUPON

  ''Cooke Trained Men” are the "Big Pay Men’’ everywhere. §60
  tn *ioo a week is what many of them are making. That’s the
  kind of a job for you. Get statted under the famous L. L. COOKE,
  Money Back Agreement. Act today to increase your pay. Send
  coupon for Big FREE Book, “Secrets of Success in Electricity.”
  Mad coupon now.

L. 1. Cooke School of Electricity

Dept. 4H-A, U{* Lawrence Art., Chicago,IU.

       ManmsssEszasEa

L. I. Coohe School of Bectrtctty.

                  0*f)t. 40.A, 2150 Lawnance Ava., Chicago, III.

                  S«nd me «nllr*ly (rt« aud fully prop»Id, your boifc “S«a»l»
                  ml Sutfi tn Eloctrigit? " with " '

                  6»»dr Catutc ia fciactciohy.

        Kama.............

 77ze CookeTrainedMan is the "Big'Pay Man \

which we measure by the name of ,'tiIHe,, is in-
herent in all perceptible objects or forces. Other-
wise they “would not exist” to us.

The part of the story that has to do with the
"other-coordinal” slogan of "The Gostak Distims
the Dashes” is as finely sarcastic a "take-off” cn
the ideas of jingo patriotism and political propa-
ganda as I have ever read. It should be published
as widely as possible. I rj- to remark: All
honor to Dr. Breuer for his co. rage in writing it.

The last three numbers of Amazing Stoiiies
set so high a mark you will have to “go some” to
keep it up. “More power to yer elbow.’*

One correspondent objects tn the waves in an
illustration to "Death from the Skies.” I have
seen such, and know how they can hit, though
those I saw were wind-made. A splash wave is
even steeper.

I am making: a book of clippings from “ Discus-
sions. " The young correspondents as a rule show
good logic.

                        Leon Ilartridge,

Box 84, Cornish, Maine

    THE GOSTAK AND THE DOSHES
 Editor, Amazing Storiss:

     Have read the “old faithful'1 Amazing Stohies
  for the past year, but this is ray "first’’ letter to
  the "columns.’1 The magazine has been —fine**
  and given plenty of food-for-tbougkt, but the March
  issue certainly tempts me to drop a line, as it will
  tempt many others I surmise. I have been left
  “at sea" since I read, “The Gostak Distims the
  Doshes,” by Mr. Miles J. Breuer, M.D. This
  Story is like a man without a country, viz: A
  story without a meaning. Just what is it all about?
  I might add the story, “The Ship that Turned
  Aside,’* by G. Peyton Wertenbaker was a bit
  “deep,** bill Mr. WerleiiLaker certainly “filled in”
  with a romance and foundation that made it quite
  interesting and although I knovy not Black o£ tkt
  -“fourth dimension”	I feel that Mr.

  Wertenbji'rt^f TTSutd do U3 iusticc by ftudffig a way
  Xo the stranded peoplQ ea the beach by the
  ship. You know a singk fjill is there and to make
  it “complete’' 1*4- Suggest he get back in that
  dimension ag$ finish the romance fcy letting Pre-
  talis’	marry the poor lonesome girl, or save

  the crew and passengers. Besides they all need
  Pfretalis* assistance.

     “The Green Girl” is fine thus far; even the
  "wfcird ‘Callisto at War’ ” also is great.

     The “illustrations” arc improving rapidly.
  Cover design is also in perfect harmony with the
  contents and hard to improve. Grade of paper
  used is easy on the eyes so all is “fine” and I trust
  thaL Dr. Breuer's next “efforts” toward stories
  will be more of a success, but his “Gostak Distims
  the Doshes” sure docs “dlstim” a person. I sin-
  cerely trust he will pardon my criticism, but I jr.st
  was “distimmed” so badly that I had to make an
  effort to “distira” him. But I am looking forward
  to the next issue.

               W. E. Cavanaugh, U. S. N.,

                      DawnJevtfle, California
  P.S.—I shall consider it very providential were
  you to make some "comment” regarding "The
  Gostak Distims the Doshes.** What is “Gostak**
  and also “Dosltes;” Why and wherefore of “<lis-
  timming” one nr the other?

     (Mr. Hartridge’s letter will help you with your
  difficulties about Dr. Bg&uer’s excellent bit of sar-
  casm and romance.—Editor.)

  THE GOSTAK AND THE DOSHES *

Editor, Amazing Stories:

In reading the March issue, I came across
your editorial about the anonymous letter, the
writer of which dared you to print it. Well, of
course, 3 dcn’t think much of a fellow who
wouldn't sif?n bis name to a letter, but would
like to read that letter, and I am going to ask you
if you will print it—please? You sec, T have al-
ways enjoj'ed your magazine and always praised it
and I would like to sec just \vhat that other
person who most likely thinks it is trash, really
said. Can’t you step out of the routine just for
once and publish it?

You may not like the next statement, but I’m
going to say it. Of nil the stories you have
printed 1 don’t think I can remember half a
dozen of them. To me they are amusement, and
I love them as such, but there is jusfc one I have
thought of taking seriously and that is “The Van-
guard of Venns.”

   That is told in such a convincing /way that I
almost shuddered, and I pride rnyself cm never
having done that, no matter how horrible the tale.

   Now about "The Moon Pool” by A, Merritt. I
read the praises of it in “Discussions” jind was
sorry because I hadn’t read it, but when I saw it in
a public library I hopped onto it and was dis-
gusted as a result. I appreciate gocd scientific-

Travel for Uncle Sam

RAILWAY POSTAL CLERKS
MAIL CARRIERS

$1700 to $3400 Year

TRAVEL—Sec your country on government pay

Steady Work No Layoff* Paid Vacation*

FRANKLIN INSTITUTE

                 ,	Oupt. J178. Rochester. N. V.

                 sirs: RuHh to mo, WITHOUT
           / CHARGE, FREE 3H-PMC bOOS with
           / list m u. 3. Government poahtnnn open
           / to men ami women, ana lull particulars
           / telling now to get tiem.

^■•''Namo.........................................

••'kcMresB.............................................
284

AMAZING STORIES

June, 1930

Know the Facts

About Your Own Body!

     ARE there certain questions about your anatomy which you
- would like to ask your doctor? Is your love-life unhappy
because you do not clearly understand basic facts abont male
or female organisms? Have you symptoms
of any form of affliction you do not under-
stand? If you would like the mysteries of
male or female anatomy lucidly explained
and illustrated, mail the coupon below today!

The Veiled Truth
Brought Into the Light

Physical prowess, beauty of form, grace of body, the rela-
tion of the sexes . . . these, often veiled, constitute the
theme for a thousand pocms_ and novels. But the dignified
study of the body’s organs in detail is seldom available to
the average individual, excepting in special college medical
courses.

Now, because they believe it is your birthright to know and
understand the truth—because ignorance is inexcusable and
often disastrous—the medica: staff experts of YOUR
®P®Y MAGAZINE place such vital fundamental facts
of life wiffim easy rcach of everyone in the unique new

ANATOMICAL
MANIKINS

MALE AND FEMALE

                By Dr. David H. Keller '

ance companies, employee’s health departments,

   But every man and woman should own a copy
oi Anatomical Manikins, for effective knowledge
of bit; or her own physical self!

   All married persons should own a copy so that
they may have an exact knowledge and proper
understanding of the opposite sex and thus be
better equipped to make tbclr mutual love-life
happy.

   It is of inestimable value to the prospective
mother, because of the information it pro-
vides bn the essentia! anatomical facts of
pregnancy, ctc.

 Usual Cost $25
 Now Only $1 the Copy

. The publishers of Y.OUR BODY have made
it possible for everyone to own n rony cf this
valuable buolc. Books of this kind, when bcught
through the regular mcdical supply fcstablish-
ments, cost anywhere from $15.00 to $25.00 a
copy. Our buuk, equally valuable, with twelve
large platen nf the human body—all in full color,
each with an accompanying page oi text profusely
illustrated—can be bought lor the low price of—

Only $1 per Copy—Money
Back IE Not Satisfied

   Don't let “false modesty” rob you of your
birthright! Don’t live in'ignorance and risk
wrecking your own happiness. Understand
the greatest forces of life. Know the human
body—male and female—as heretofore only
privileged medical students have been able
to know it!

                                             . If you would like to examine this fcnok,
                                             just mail the coupon and copy will bo ex-
                                             pressed to you immediately. Under our
                                             guarantee you risk not one penny. So send
                                             ior your copy now!

 TJiis ne\v book shows the human hody with
 cach aspect of Its structure in separate section,
 the exact position of all the organs, of’ every
 vein, artery, nerve, muscle, bone, etc.

    The book is XA inches high and 0 inches wide.
 It contains twelve lull-page cOlor plates and
 twelve text pages illustrated with fifty photo-
 graphs and drawings.

    The color platqa.havc been made from actual
 photographs and show all organs and parts o£
 tl).e human ^bo.dy—male and female—in great
 detail in their natural colors.

22 Plates ia Actual Natural
Colors

    Opposite each plate, on explanatory text is pro-
 vided,'written' by Dr. Keller, and illustrated
 with photographs and drav^iiies to explain the
 functions and other features of different organ3
 of the human body.

    Anatomical Manikins is especially recom-
 mended for the use of medical students. nurses,
 art students, to . lawyers for use i:i litigations,
 lecturers, physical cultnnsts, hosnirals sanitar-
 iums, schools, colleges, gymnasiums, life insur-

   ■ Mall Coupon Today -----*j

 YOUR BODY MAGAZINE $25.00 5

 Dept. 2100 L, 381 4th Av'e, ... , e. I
 New York, N. Y.	Value forJML ,

Gentlemen:—Enclosed find SI.00 plus express?© a
(10 crnti In TT. S.. 20 eflnw In foreign couQtrloi) in ■

 Tull payment for a ix>yy of ANATOMICAL MAN1-	J

 KINS: (Mmcy wilt be promptly refunded If you ate	-

not satisfied.)	I

 TABLE OF
 PLATES

  1	Mole Body

  2	Female Body

  3	Blood Circulatory
  System

  4	Muscular System
  (Posterior)

  5	Muscular System
  (Anterior)

  6	Nervous System

  7	Skeleton System

  8	Respiratory System

  9	Digestive System

  10	Male Organs in
  Detail

  11	Female Organs in
  Detail

  12	Cross - Section of
  haf! Pregnant Female
  |1 Body witfe Child

tion and even fantastical tales that aren’t of tlat
type, but I saw nothing in “The Moon Pool’’ to
praise.

   Although you are printing interplanetary stories
right along, I can’t Kid enough of them, and
would like to read more.

   "A Baby on Neptune" was exciting, without
being melodramatic. I don't see why it should
have been Riven that title. Yet for the life of me,
I can not find a better one.

   Some voinmes I missed, but that was only be-
cause I didn’t have the lunch money to spend on
them.

   Somehow Captain S. P. Meek's stories did rot
seem to impress me much. They all had a sort of
weak ending—exactly like a nuvice trying to
write a story where a mail was murderer! in an
absolutely locked room with no solution, and then
lamely letting down on the public with a like im-
possible answer.

   The way the readers rave about Paul is a
scream—almost like a Rudy Vallce and the girla.
I myself like Haul—but at the same time, he is not
the one and only. Wes=o and Morey are excellent,
and are fully as good as Paul.

   Will you please explain “The Gostak and the
Doshea” ? X realize that there is a subtle liumor
about tlie entire story, but I just can’t explain
the reason for it myself, and so naturally not to
other people even if 1 wish to.

                         John Landore,

32 Devon Road, Rochester, N. Y.

   (The anonymous letter you refer to seems to
be lost, but may yet be found. It simply abuses
these stories which correspondents have praised.
“The Moon Pool" is idyllic, and had touches o£
technical knowledge and of folk-lore in it that
gave it a gcod basis. Captain Meek is no novice
in story-writing. Your views about our artists
coincide with ours. “The Gostak and the Boshes”
is a bit of sarcasm on mankind, who want to wage
war and slaughter their "'enemies" m ntassr, cn-
rouraging their fighters by high sounding slogans.
War is a tragedy and the sadder because it is
generally so stupid.—Editor.)

A CHLORINE PLANET DESCRIBED AND

ITS STRANGE FEATURES TREATED
AS A POSSIBILITY

Editor, Amazing Stories:

   After reading some of the valueless letters of
some of your readers, who are more eager to see
their names in print than to say something worth-
while, I told myse'.f I'd never write in to discus-
sions till I had something of importance.

   The time has arrived.

   Geoffrey Martin, o: London University, who
claims to be tho first man to advance the via*
that radium and radioactive substances are de-
composing into simpler elements, (May, 1902) his
written a bonk entitled “Modern Chemistry and'its
Wonders," published in 192J. Toward tho end
of the bonk, in a chapter on sodium chloride, he
gave a description nf a world wlicse atmosphere
was chlorine I We know of no such world, but
“there is no particular rpson to suppose that
some (planets) are not met with occasionally among
the myriads thronging space with such an atmos-
phere.” Tlie chlorine saturates the entire globe
chcmicaliy and some is' left over as the atmos-
phere. The heavens of the planet would be'to the
inhabitants a “dense yellow color.’’ It would
“merit the name of the Yellow Planet." Through
its gloomy ravines and valley may stalk “strange
forms of life—life which would necessarily be
based on ari entirely different chemical plan from
that which underlies our terrestrial life. The
atmosphere could never be pure chlorine, there
would have to be oxygen, loo (if there had been at
one time water) because chlorine, in 'direct snri-
light decomposes water forming hydrogen chloride
and releasing oxygen. If there were such a large
excess' of water that it couid come into equilibrium
with the eliloriue, there would then be ail acid
sea, and an atmosphere of chlorine and oxygen. Few
minals could exist in the free state, not even gold,
r.r.d most everything solid would !>e a chloride.
“Another curious condition on the Yellow Planet
would be .the absence of ir.sst organic'coloring
matter. _ The beautiful' greens, blues, pinks and
reds which characterize our vegetation and f.ov.'ers
—would certainly' be absent from this chlorine
world.” because “chlorine gas and also its solu-
tion is one of the best bleaching agents known.”

   “Would it be possible to light a candle or smoke
a cisarel?" A candle would burn “but in' a
remarkable way, showing a blood-red Same-and
immense clouds of -soot would arise from it—be-
cause chlorine has a very great affinity for hy-
drogen, and hardly any for carbon.” (A candle
is entirely made up nf hydrogen and carbon.)
Chlorine plus hydrogen plus sunlight gives an
explosion. Hence “if we dropped' into .such (acid)
June, 1930

AMAZING STORIES

  WRtprs a large .quantity of ;ron or other metal,
  hydrogen would be ^iber^led and w?tiM react with
  the r.nrro’ir,ding .chlprinje gpa, .cflu.'-,ing a series ot
  Kxplosiors.”

  Further Martin gaea .on: ‘‘The .covifUst has nl-
  ruaJ> seized upuu sin:ie o£ .these scientif.c facts tu
  weave romances V.jia:li uitei. strike the luau .un-
  acquainted -with science as £af-£elched—a curious
  illustration ji the old ir..i.\i:u thaL ‘uuth .is
  stranger than action.-1 In one story a villain
  sends up the hero and heroine in a balloon filled
  witfc a mixture of J-.ydrogen and chlorine gasea, at
  nisht. ‘As soon as the sun rises and its rays
  strike this envelope, the explosion destroys .with
  a vivid sheet pf flame all evidences of the criniel'
  Many of H. .G. Wells' novels and those of Jujes
  Verne are rema»katle illustrations of the facts of
  science hdog applied to create interesting situa-
  tions. /Ind it .is stiff .to predict that, as scientific
  education becomes mere xyidely spread, this class
  of fi.Hor. will be pure anil more .read."

  This last .statement, J.believe, is the most signifi-
  cant. He predicted the cominfr of scientifiction
  (it was only 1922 .when he ivrot.e the above) even
  bs in science he predicted the theory that radio-
  activity is disintegration!

  I sincerely remmmend to fellow-rcaders to try
  this liook by Ger.lfrey Martin. They will derive a
  wealth of knowledge from it

  I’ve had my say ar.tl I'm through. I will not
  attempt to bote you with a list of “the stories
  liked best'-' as most readers are fond of doinjr, not
  realizing that no two l.oople since .the bcpnninfc of
  time have a like taste.

                             Otto Binder,

3G48 ft". Luna Avenue, Chicago, III.

  (A chemist, who has htul all he wants of chlorine
  gas in his laboratory, would realize what a strange
  being it would be, whu could .inhale.the.green in-
  tolerable gas.—Editsr.)

AN INTERESTING LETTER OF CRITI-
CISM FROM A TOUNG READER
IN THE ANTIPODES

  Editor, Amazing Stoui&s:

  I have just finished. the January issue of “Our
  Magazine”—we get it ear!> iie.t—ar.d again I
  have to thank yo» for a very enjoyable night’s
  reading*.

  Starting from the front, the cover was cx-
  nellcnt, the. best for months, The editorial, as
  usual, gives aw instructive tea minutes on the
  subject which is just coming into the public eye.
  It wouldn't be loic before wc are dieting -_o main-
  tain a constant hr.dily temperature throughout the
  year, it would he comfortable—to say the least.

  “Beyond the <lre>j» Prism’’ justifies itself as a
  sequel and if .Part II is anything like Part I the
  four parts bound uigether would make a very
  interesting hook.

  Sequels are a soud idea because they show the
  author the points raised about the sto~y and he can
  answer them as be comes to then i^ the secuel.
  Judging by the storm of comment raised about
  ‘‘The Skylark of Space” the sequel will be better,
  if possible, than the story itself. I an-, glad to see
  it already in the offing.

  I would like your opinion on (he following:

  IJoes prravity take time to travel (or make itself
  felt) between bodies?

  May we assume that gravity lias a.zero wave
  length from the-following ? Light is stopped by a
  number nf stibstancc3 (by light I r.iean the'-c
  rays having n wavelength of over .000762 Bn)
  but if the frequency is increased (and wave-
  length correspor.dingly decreased) some of the
  s-jbstances <nra<iue before now become transparent;
  i.e., a thin sl.wt of lead will stop light, but is
  easily passed by tlie .much shorter wavelength of
  X-rays. There is no known substance which is
  opaque to gravitr, so it would look as if (rravity
  possesses an in&aite frequmuy and a-wave of zero
  length.

  Follow ia? from this, we could state:

  Sour.d—Long waves—110 ff./sec.

  Li.;-ht—Short waves—1S600U m/see.

Gravity;—Zero wavcleuglh.	time required

  at all,

  X hope I hare made myself clear nr.d would
  welcome any corrections.

  “When the Ati>ms -Failed-" is the premier story
  nf this -Issue. It is brimming with science and ot
  course, no better.plot coaid be found than that nf
  saving Rarth from subjugation by Mars.

  The machine which did the intricate calcula-
  tions is a Ion® way in the future, I'm aifraid, Ini’,
  when the well known comptometer can add, sub-
  tract, divide and multiply, it does not seem an
  ,ir/}pt>ssiblc step to—“Bartholomew.”

      I understand infra-red rays are heat rays.
  Would it he possible;to concentration a large beam
  Of _ infra-red rays (by means of looses) into a
  thin parallel jay capable of fusing flatter?

u. "s: School of
York' fitly:

U. S. SCHOOL OF MUSIC

2026 Brunswick Blrto-, ftcw Vork City

Scr.d me your amazing rron Bontr. “Mu.aic T,:.i3non In

Your Own Home," wl'Ji iuUwlucUsn by Dr. li'.ank

Crane; alto ,t'ias DsriMttratieo I»noo. This *M! not

p.ut m.: umlpr jiny olillt'attnn.

To those who think

[usic is hard-

  Perhaps yo\i think that taJdoK
  music lessons is like taking: a dose
  ot medicine. XL isn’t -any longer!

  As far as you’re r.o.ncerned. the
  o1fI_ days af loriR pracHcc hours with
  ttcir aard-work exercises, and k<-
  Fcpsivc personal teacher fees are over

  You have no alibis .whatsoever for
  net making yotir start toward tmi-
  sical ?rood times now!

  For, through a method that re-
  moves the boredom and extrava-
  gance frn*n music lessons, you can now learn
  to play your favorite instrument entirely at home
  —-witiicut a private teacher—in half .the usual
  time—at a -fraction uf the usual cost.

Easy As Can Be

  The leosons crime to you by mail from the
  famous y. S. School of Music. They consist ot
  nomplete printed instructions, diagrams, and all
  the music you need. You’re nevur in hot water.
  First you are luld how a thing; is done. Then
  a picture shows yon how, then you do it yourself
  and hear if. No private teacher could make it
  clearer o’* easier.

  Over half a million people learned to play this
                        mod cm. way — and
                        found it easv as

                        A-D-C.
                        old-fat

                        that you need special
                        ‘t?lcnt.” Just read
                        the list of instru-
                        ments in the panel,
                        decide which one you
                        want to play, and
                        the U. S. School will
                        do the rest. No mat-

 Lbaun To Play
 By Note

  Mnndolln	Saxophone

 Piano	'Colin

 Organ	Ukulele

  Violin	Caraot

 Banio	Trombone

  Or Any Other	Instrument

  -Forget tl:
  !i i o n e d id

ter which -Instru-
ment yon r.hnn.^0,
life cob', Iti each
case wiLl av&rago

thi? BaiuU—rjudt '.a

few cents a clay,
fiend for our Free
Book, and D«m-
onelratlon Lesson
ir you really do want to play your favorite inetru-
ment, fill cut anrt mall (ho rruipon asking for our Frea
Booklet uud Frvc DeuionHialiuu Lob sen". Those eipinin
our wonderful metlwd fully and show you how easily
and nHlCuIy you can loam to play at Ilttla' e^y^ua©.

 Write for our free iuterestinu booklet.
 See Jay Battery Co., 911 Brook Aye., N. Y. G.

 rppj the Craters
 C/tin the MOONL

SUCCESS T A\\7
THROUGH jLrlW

  "I find that nearly all positions commandin' a salary
  of SIO.OOO.UO a year or more aru Mad by men wba
  have atutiir.J law,” writes a promincnl. Eastern manu-
  facturer. Whctiua- you ever intend to p-uulice law or
  not, spend yonr npnrc Ume at home traimng y nur _n:ind
  to deal with problems from the sound, practical etnnri-
  pDintoI the trained attorney.The lawyer ts a leader of
  men— in nnd out of business. Standard Oil of N. J„
  Packard Motor Co., Mutual X-ife Ins. Co., hunr.reds
  of eorporationa are headed by legally trained men. Law
  L? the bain;? #>f ail business—large or small. A full law
  course leading to tho decree of LL. B. or shorter

 and modern law-Iibrary.	.-< t.-—r-,— ^ .

 today for our free but valuable boulia uaw tiuiue ,
 and *^iividence.,, Act 2ToW-

 LnSaBe Extension Wmersity, Bent 694-L, Chio^o, IU,

LEARN the BANJ0/>
under Harry RESERn^.

 the Worlds GreatestBctnjoist -■ -*

      The Famous I-eadcr
      of tUe Widely UroadcasteU

     CLICQUOT CLUB ESKIMOS

 offsra an aniatlnRlv elmn’o Binlo Csurse by n

      ...---—„ jngjja, Bi hoir.c in a epi

            Hn^i.-riui' nnj pftoidt tli'.ioijjlil/
      Ml dpi	ttu^anla and I’roJoj-

      hcnrfily cnaorcd Jhia nioihod. CobIc on|y

 wWch

          ;= mnitar hon'.o

          '	’ .000(06-lljCl.

                 i-.enla and I’roJoj-

  . ....................lothod. CobIc

  cant* & dny. Social £«i:oa for Studant«.

  BE POPULAR-MAKE MONEY,
          or jvook-end ajithorinB®..
          friend*. A\*oL the bariju

 To nor Banjo
 teacher, 6r-

 :in - I r

pose

       a. DMtlc*. or ^cak-find	tha banjo _

______,........_.aro .nbont thic in3xp6roiro RUarACtOXiO

eour«!,!Uja U»o oDDDrt^itlco in bwis p^ayln/. i bUuuetftt ur fllOD-

 fiend lor My FREE ILLUSTRATED BOOKLET I ey baC*.

HARRY RES E R, Can {o Studio No. 32
X4S West 4Cth Street. New York. N. X-

 LEARN TELEORAPHT

 TEUEPLEX, tho mu- ' WITH

  ygu U;-j teioRraph code TELEPLEX

  (Morse or BBdto) rleht
  in your Own liouii, Yuu can bocomo
  an ezpert to^oitraph operator niror a
  io.w phnrt wcrcka of pracilcul utii'iy.

  NOT A SCHOOU Amoline Uutru-
  menc * w'nrlf> ai]Mnuni(!ally. No
  knuwleiiio aoedod—bCKlnncrs learn
  at cr.ee.' Free 10 .days' trial. Write
  to-day for FREE L'juklut. '

        TEUEPLEX CD.

  72 Cortlanilt-Street Dept. 6-11

New York, N. Y.

“Dependable ‘B’ Battery Power”

For long and short wave, receivers. Prices
reasonable. Also “B” Batteries operating
from 32 to 110 volt D. C. farm lighting systems.
286

AMAZING STORIES

June, 1930

OPPORTUNITY AD-LETS

  These columns will appear monthly in Amazing Stories

   Rate—Eight cents a word. Cash should accompany all advertisements unless placed by an
   accredited advertising agency. Advertisements lor less than 10 words not accepted.

  EXPERIMENTER PUBLICATIONS, Ing, 381 Fourth Ave., New York City

 AGENTS WANTED

 YOU ARE WANTED TO RESILVER
 MIRRORS AT HOME. Profitable business plat-
 ing autoparts, tableware, ctc. Write for informa-
 t;un. SPRINKLE. Plater. 815 Marion. Indiana.

 BIG MONEY AND FAST SALES. EVERY
 OWNER buys Gold Initials for his auto. You
 charge $1.50; make $1.45. Ten orders daily easy.
 Write tor particulars aud Iree sample. American
 Monogram Co., Dept. 333, East Orange, N- J.

 200% PROFIT I EASY, QUICK SALES.
 New auto necessity actually wanted by motorists.
 Write Utilities Sales, 360 H, Fergus Falls, Minn!

  IF YOU WANT a wonderful opportunity to
  make $15 profit a day and get a new Ford Sedan
  besides, send me your name immediately. No ex-
  perience necessary. Particulars free. Albert Mills,
  4957 Monmouth, Cincinnati, O.

BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES

  Amateur Cartoonist Sell your cartoon. New
  plan. Smith’s Service. Exll94 Wenatchee. Wash.

  FREE ROOK. Start Little Mail Order Busi-
  ness. Hadwil. 5a-74 Cortlandt Street, N. Y._

 WANTED: MEN AND YOUNG MEN
 THAT CAN SOLDER to make bird cages at.
 home, $36 a dozen. Particulars and one sample
 chart of work that is to be done, including diagram
 of blue prints $1 (bill). Please write your address
 plainly. A. J. Dolis, Dept. EI)11, 3115 Madison
 St., Chicago, 111.

CORRESPONDENCE COURSES

  Used Correspondence School courses sold on re-
  purchase basis. Also rented and exchanged.
  Money-back guarantee. Catalog free. (Courses
  bonght.) Lee Mountain, Pisgah, Alabama.

DETECTIVES

  Detectives. Work home or travel. Experience
  unnecessary. Particulars free. Write George
  Wagner, 2190 Broadway. N. Y.

HELP WANTED—INSTRUCTION

  DETECTIVES Earn Big Money. Experience
  unnecessary. Write, American Detective System,

 2190K Broadway, N. Y.

 HOWTO ENTERTAIN

      . . isicnl comedies and revues, minstrels,
 ly and talking songs, blackface skits, vaude-
 ville acts, monologs, dialogs, recitations, entertain-
 ments, juvenile plays und songs, musical readings,
 make-up goods. Catalog free. T. S. Denison &
 Co., 623 So. Wabash. Dept. 20. Chicago.

MALE HELP WANTED

  STEAMSHIP POSITIONS—Europe, Orient.
  Good Pay; Experience unnecessary; List of posi-
  tions free. Box 292, Mount Vernon, N. Y.

 MISCELLANEOUS

  Bouks, Novelties, Tricks. Songs, Etc. Free List.
  Danmury, 4415-14 Ave., Brooklyn, N. Y.

 PERSONAL

 TALKIE, AND MOVIE PRODUCERS are
 clamoring for new short srory ideas, plots, etc.
 Perhaps you can write one that wc can shape
 ar.d sell for you. One writer (V. M.) received
 $3,000. New York best market. Write for full
 particulars. Daniel O’Malley Company, Suite B,
 1776 Broadway, New York.

 PRINTING OUTFITS AND SUPPLIES

  PRINT your own cards, stationery, circulars,
  advertising, etc. Junior Press $5.90, job presses,
  £11, rotary $:49. Print for others; big profit.
  Easy rules furnished, Write for catalog presses,
  type, paper, etc. Kelsey Company, Q-G7, Meriden,
  Conn.

SONGWRITERS

  Songwriters—substantial advance royalties are
  paid on publisher’s acceptance. New Booklet,
  "Song Requirements of Talking Pictures,” sent
  free. Newcomer Associates, 793 Earl Bldg.,
  New York.

  SONG POEM WRITERS: "Real" Proposi-
  tion. Hibblcr, D-191, 2104 N. Keystone, Chicago.

/FREE BOOKS of
BUSINESS HELPS

  TV« publish ©ter 200 Home Studj Books. cacb a complete
  treatise of its subject. We hue one or more for you.
  Books on
  □
  a

  □	Commercial Art
  Lettering

  __Advertising

  □	Sign Making
  Q] Radio

  C Aviation

  □	Painting

  □	Silk Screen Process

  end many other subjects.

  Decoration
  Automobiles
  . Battery Work

  □	Electricity

  □	Carpentry
  3 Building

  3 Contracting
  J Sheet Metal Work
  U fully described In

FREDERICK J. DRAKE S CO., Publishers

Room 518—179 Ho. Miohlgan Blvd., Chfcago

Drake books are for sale in all book stores

  8:i«nc« now kno»l that tho Hay proitato
  gland fraauintly *»u*«a Icit httllh and
  •trar.gth. night riting. oonitipaticn. paint
  in th* b»ci. lags. fsat. it:.. Id nan caet <0.
  Ur.l«ia corrtctad thia may I tad to mitaialiTo
  old an Rad crara nmrr. Now an amaiiag
  dingle* tiaatma-.t la giving awift. parinar.Mat
  raliaf to tbouaaada. Uaad and an dorsad by
  pity*iolani, hoapiUda and lanltnTiuir.a. Pont
  on trial. Fael 10 yaara youngn In <J day* or

  pay nnkhing. 'Vrlta for oflor and fiaa hook
  ol daring faata about man oaat 40.

w. J. KIRK, Pres.

800-A Kirk Bldg., Stouhsnvllle, O.

MAKE BIG MONEY I

Juit out. Lights gas Instantly with- ]
out sparks or Q&uifl. Sells like wlldflro I
wherever gas is used. Retails for 25e. |

 MYSTERY GAS LI8HTER

         A Feast of Good Slones
         Appears Each Month in

  WeinlTiles

She UnkuiB,Magazine '

 It you want thrilling stories that forecast tho mar-
 volous sclcnco of the future, you will And them lu
 WErnn Tai.ra. Each month n feast ot wonderful
 stories is spread for tlm reader. Besides weird
 stories, thl3 magazine has a dansllng array of
 Gtarlos of other planets, stories of Invention, science
 and surgery, stories of the fourth dlmeualon, aud
 brilliant tales built around tho New Science of
 Einstein and others. On sale at all leading news
 stands, or mail 2Do to:

WEIRD TALES

640 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago

ffi BIG Att Shipped
auto FRFE groat olfar. P

BOOKS	Anwrku Technical Society

Dept. A-A 25, Drexcl at 56th Street, Chicago, Illinois.

  I felt rallter sorry lor tlie poor animal in “The
  Hungry Guinea-Pig,” don’t you?

  I should like to see more Scientifiction Poems
  between the stories in Ocr Mao. "Transports
  of Love’’ by Bob Olsen is the best yet.

  The following stories, "Air Lines” and "The
  Corpse that Lived” are Just stories—no more.

  Last, but far from least, is the “Fourth Di-
  mensional Space Penctrator.”

  It gives some faint idea of the infinite "small-
  ness” of the atom, and the countless millions of
  atoms which must go to make up a drop of water.
  Conversely it makes one think of the Solar System
  as nn atom in some vaster cosmos, the inhabitants
  of which perhaps think of our mighty universe
  much as we think of that little drop of water.
  "Oh, it’s not worth bothering about.” Rather a
  blow to our pride, isn’t it?

  Those four very interesting items on page 978
  of January issue by E. E. Free, Ph.D. are just
  what wc have been waiting for, as they will help
  to fill the many scrapbooks which I am sure
  your readers arc keeping. It helps one to keep in
  time with the strides of Science.

  What are the main objection; to the rocket be-
  ing used as propellant in an interplanetary ma-
  chine/ tt

  I was exceedingly glad to note the "Amende
  Honorable” of Mr. Cunningham on page 987. It
  would seem to me that if a number of critics in
  Discussions made their apologies for their blat-
  ant denunciations as this gentleman has had the
  courage to do, the Discussions Department would
  be a much happier and more intelligent retreat.

  I should also like to draw Mr. Bishop’s (Fal-
  mouth, January issue) attention to the fact that
  ill "The Evolutionary Monstrosity” the evolu-
  tionary germs were administered in huge dcscs.
  Whereas in ordinary circumstances the subject
  would be lucky if be had a dozen of the germs
  in his system at the same time. It is comparable
  to the filling of two equal size tanks with -water,
  one being filled with a one-inch diameter pipe,
  ar.d the other being filled by a twelve-inch diame-
  ter pipe. Which tank would be filled first? I
  think if Mr. Bishop mentally masticates the above,
  he will find his error.

                        Philip Ecclestone,
                Maroubra, Sydney, Australia.

  (Gravity is not supposed to take time to
  travel between bodies. If it did so, bodies ap-
  proaching each other should exercise more gravita-
  tion, than when stationary or receding. Why
  should gravity have waves? There is a very
  wonderful calculating machine in the Massachu-
  setts Institute of Technology—perhaps "Bartholo-
  mew” will come into view in some future age.
  Infra-red rays may have their heat intensified by a
  convex lens. Tlie rocket seems to be the only
  possible ''motor” for use in interstellar space,
  where there is no air for a propeller to react
  with.—Editor.)

A CURIOUS CRITICISM OF
"THE ICE MAN"

  Editor, Amazing Stories:

  It is an infrequent thing for me to address
  the editor of any periodical with reference to
  the various articles or 6tories which appear in
  their magazines, but I can not forbear to do so
  in the case of one appearing in your February
  issue of Amazing Stories under the title of
  “The Ice Man.-
  First permit me to say that my attention was
  first drawn to your magazine when many months
  ago I observed that my son had several copics of
  same in his room where he spent many hours
  reading them. I was a bit concerned regarding
  tho class of literature which seemed to attract him,
  and gave the magazine my personal attention for
  sc mo hours In order to determine whether the
  subject matter was of a type I cared to have him
  spend his time in reading. It is a compliment
  to you when I tell you that he has been per-
  mitted to purchase each issue since that time
  and that many or the stories have been interesting
  to me, and there have been many pleasant mo
  ments spent in the discussion of outstanding
  stories, over a period dating back to the original
  issue of the book.

  I am, myself, inclined to anticipate tlie next
  issue because I find a relaxation and au oppor-
  tunity for mental gymnastics, which are refresh-
  ing a:id stimulating, within the pages of each
  issue.

  True, there have been stories and articles ol
  which I did not approve, and the reading of
  which seemed to me to be a total loss of time.
  However, they have been in the minority, and as
  wc all must take a little of the bad with the good
  in this life, my objections have not been seiious
  enough to prompt me heretofore in making any
  comment to you. But I want to stale, the fact
7 Bo7£l Here’s tha prnot Navy moiM AirflUin. Larea
/ 6-font air bae inflatore, parachute with amn-
' malic release and complete Inaiructloua for toinu.
Will fly for miles at height of 10X) feet. Great
chaoce to ptndy aerial uaviaation. Send name and

iullWroctlon. free.

C. M. THOM AS, 337 W.	St...6-H-22, Chleapo

YOU

MflNEY FARYQH

L AT HAM E _

Koma

MPANT Limited

Thu

Ids.. Toronto. Oafc

 n good mooev jn a pare tune t

 ; display carua. No Belling u
 instruct you, furnish com-

 ' * ..... with work.]

jl3e [he Man Behind The Camera

BooK on Law Free

June, 1930

AMAZING STORIES

 that "The Ice Man” not only does not have any
 claim whatsoever to be classed in what your or-
 ganization so aptly terms "scientifiction,” but is
 an evil, sensuous, vulgar, anc} immoral exhibition
 of rot and lius no place or ciaim tc a place in a
 magazine X gjn led ui believe is read by thousands
 of the nation's youths.

 It properly belongs jn that class of literature
 which is dented admission to the jnail and must
 depend for distribution upon the facilities af-
 forded by the express company. I can not be-
 lieve that your Editorial Board reviewed the
 story as it certainly should have been reviewed
 before publication in your magazine. I am will-
 ing to give your Board the benefit of the belief
 that they bjive beer, imposed upon in this in-

 staucg.

 I wish to make the emphatic statement, however,
 that a recurrence of any similar article in the
 future will certainly dispose me to enjoin my son
 from purchasing ocher numbers.

 In closing, let me slate that I believe if
 other parents of boys who rea(l your book were
 asked to voice their opinion .of this fitory, their
 attitude would be the	y£ 111 inc. And this

 heiief can best he proved by the publication of
 this letter in your discussion column, inviting your
 readers to further comment.

J. B. Bridgeford,
Sebastopol, California

 ("The Ice Man" seemed to us to be an im-
 pressive, somewhat sarcastic depiction of the
 doings and fallacies of the .present day. Reading
 it can hardly do any one any harm, because the
 peculiar reactions which the ancicnt Roman experi-
 enced were so outstanding. The story has elicited
 much praise and was greatly admired by a goodly
 numbor of our readers. Still we should like to
 bear from more parents on this subject.—Editor.)

*&nA.nio

      Write {or Information About the NEW

   H-F-L MASTERTONE

     Laboratory-Made Receiver

      The year’s outstanding Radio Achievement

     HIGH FREOUENCY LABORATORIES
     -26 N. Sheldon St.. D«pt. 27. Chltioo. til.

 STATEMENT OF THE OWNERSHIP, MAN-
 AGEMENT, CIRCULATION, ETC., REQUIRED
 BY THE ACT OF CONGRESS OP AUG. 24, 1912.
 Of AMAZING STORIES, published monthly at
 Jamaica, Long IblauU, New York, .for April 1,
 1930.

 State of New York, 1 ,,

 County of New York. I

 Before me, a Notary Public, in and for the
 State and county aforesaid, personally .appeared
 T. O’Conor Sloane who. having been duly
 sworn according to law, deposes and say* that
 he is the Editor ot the AMAZING STORIES
 and that the following is, to the best of his knowl-
 edge and belief, a true statement of the ownership,
 management, etc., of the aforesaid publication for
 the date shown in the above caption, required by
 the Act of August 24, 1912, embodied in section
 411, Postal Law; and Regulations, printed on the
 reverse of this form, to wit:

 1.	That the names and addresses of the pub-
 lisher, editor, managing editor, and business
 managers are: Publisher, EXPERIMENTER
 PUBLICATIONS, INC., 381 Fourth Avenue,
 N. Y.; Editor, T. O’Conor Sloane, Ph.D., 381
 Fourth Avenue, N. Y.; Managing Editor, Miriam
 Bourne, 381 Fourth Avenue, N. Y.; Business
 Managers, rone.

 2.	That the owner is: (If owned by a corpora-
 tion, .its name and address must be stated and
 also immediately thereunder the names and
 addresses of stockholders owning or holding
 one per cent nr more of total amount of stock.)
 EXPERIMENTER PUBLICATIONS, INC., 381
 Fourth Avenue. New York City, B. A. Mackiiiiion
 and H. 14. Fly, both of 381 Fourth Avenue, N. i .

 3.	That the known bondholders, mortgagees,
 and other security holders owjiilitf or _ holding
 1 per cent or more of total amount ui bonds,
 mortgages, or other securities arc: None.

   4.	That the two paragraphs next above, giv-
 ing the natr.es of the owners, stockholders,
 and security holders, if any, contain not only
 the list of stockholders and security holders as
 they appear upon the bookB of the company
 but also, in cases where the stockholder or
 security holder appears upon the books of the
 company as trustee or in any other fiduciary
 relation, the name of the person or corporation
 for whom such trustee is acting, is given; also
 that the said two paragraphs contain state-
 ments embracing affiant's lull knowledge and
 belief as to the circumstances and conditions
 under which stockholders- and security holders
 who do not appear upon the books of the com-
 pany as trustees, hold stock and securities m a
 capacitv other than that of a bona fide owner;
 and this affiant has nc reason tn believe that
 any other person, association, or corporation
 has any interest direct or ind'.rcct in the said
 stock bond's, or other securities than as so
 stated by him.

              T. O CONOR SLOANE,

Editor

   Sworn to and subscribed before me this 25tb
 day of March, 1930.

  (Seal.)	Joseph H. Kraus,

(My commission expu-e*
March 30, 1931.)

 Genuine Screen Grid radio with dynamic speaker
 and ihigh .grade cubing# Ipjr radio or rfidio-pfcona-
 crapli combinations.

Write today for free illustrated catalog of Radio
and Radio Cabinett

EXCELLO PRODUCTS CORPORATION

4832 West 1.6 th Street
CICERO, ILLINOIS

Earn $GO to $250
a Week

             Prepare NOW for a
well-paid position as □
Motion Picture Cam-
eraman, □ Projection-
ist, □ “Still" Photog-
rapher or □ Photo-
Finisher. Big pay, fas-
cinating work. l'’RKK Book tells how
we quickly train yyu at home or in our
studios. Send for it NOW 1

New York Institute of Photography
Dupt. M-915, 10 West 33d St., New York, N. Y.

Sand «*» »OUr nam& addroaa tor mu In t unn.u.;
Aviatian and Alrplcno buainoaa. ri«°m! ml'hoo*

plan, induitfr" al»»a«at " »oa •n*"-r ■'“™*

V

iStSL.

plan. Indullrir"	I.— .. -----------------------

AMERICAN SCHOOL OF AVWTIOM
D.pt. 142-A. 3801 Michigan Ava.	CHICAOO

I

Bxocutlro Accountants and C. P. A.’fl earn 1S.CKHJ toJlO.OOO a jre«r.

psra?:

for C.P.A. examination* or axeeatiTa aceonntin* portion*. Frevloaii

A. a, Including roeniboia ui the Atnorloau ir.ntitato of AcrounUuU.
Wrlto for free hook, 'Acr onntoncy.liio r/oft*awn tlu*t P^o.*'
LaSallo Extonnlon Unlvarafty, Dept, .€4«4'H, Chicago
The WoHd'a Largest Busman Training Inaittotion

RADI O BAR GA1I N S

7 lulm A. C. »sts ....................... ' ....126.60

B Eliminator, Bono Tlry. with 2X0 tube. •Mti.
will operate ud lo ton tube ket. lully fc--"- efl. fl.73

ABC cower p«eV« ............................ J-J5

Power nnd Fllomsnt tmnitcrmeri ................ *.op

Tubes: I X type. 30-J«y uplamaent punrnntej No 210,
S2.25; No. 25(.>. $2.85! No. .881, $1.85: No. 240, *1.28;
No. 224, S.l.r,5; No. 237. 75c; No. 22U, C5c; JJc. 171. 7Ss.
Audio trunaluanerii. 75e. Vmrlnbln rnndcnaois. 50c.

CHAS. HflOOWIN CO.

4240 Llneoln Avu. Dept. F-3	CMe»|0, 111.

hnalnrii tn Bankrupt Kcdto Btor&K
288

AMAZING STORIES

June, 1930

Find

Ra d i o

 in 30

Seconds

FREE

Send for
Your
Clift Copy

NM

The Easiest Way

HAVE yon .ever invited friends to listen to a good radio
program and then been keenly embarrassed because
your radio wouldn't work? Has your radio reception
ever been distorted or imperfect just when you wanted to
hear every word distinctly? Most of us have had such ex-
periences, and most of us will have them for years lo come.

That’s why our staff of expert radio engineers has especially
prepared this RADIO TROUBLE FINDER volume ior you.

In times of need, it’s worth its weight in gold. In simple words
and easy-to-understand pictures and diagrams, it shows you just
how to find and correct any radio' trouble quickly.

Simple Charts Show You How

In the fastest form of reading—by charts—you learn at once
what to do when tubes do not light; when tubes light and you get
no reception; when your reception is weak. What to do when
you get a hum or whistle; when your reception fluctuates; when

to Learn Radio!

your reception is distorted; when your power device over-
heats; ctc.

After you have read this RADIO TROUBLE FINDER volume,
you will know how to locate any kind of radio difficulty, and how
to repair it in a jiffy!

Over a hundred thousand set owners already have the RADIO
TROUBLE FINDER constantly at their elbows. They know
that with it at hand they can depend on getting whatever radio
programs they want, when they want them' Thousands have
used the knowledge gained from this handy volume to make
marked improvements in the reception of their sets, and in re-
pairing tlie sets of friends. In many cases it has been the basis
for starting a very profitable radio repair business.

These good people have had to pay real money for the RADIO
TROUBLE FINDER. BUT, we have set aside a copy to be
shipped to you, prepaid, ABSOLUTELY FREE!

A Gift from RADIO NEWS

We are offering you this remarkable volume FREE as an un-
precedented reward for your merely accepting a six months’ cut-
rate introductory subscription to Radio News, the world’s great-
est radio magazine that no set -'wner should be without.

Do you want to know all about netf sets and latest improvements?
Would you like to know what goes on behind the scenes of the
big broadcast stations and the inside stories of broadcast pro-
grams and artists? Do you know how to tell a good loud-
speaker from a bad one? How to construct the latest power-
supply unit? How to save money in servicing your set? Its
all in Radio News 1

If you are a DX fan, you’d probably like to have a list of every
broadcasting station in the world. Or perhaps you'd like to
experience the thrill of hearing foreign continents direct with a
modern short wave receiver. Or perhaps it’s television, auto
radios, aviation radio telephony, or the projection and filming
of talkies that interests you? Frankly, whatever it is, if it’s
radio news yon toill find it in Radio News!

Tlmt’s why Radio News has practically twice as many readers
is any other radio magazine. That’s why you should read it tool

Sendtor Your FREE
TROUBLE FINDER Volume TODAY!

Simply mail the coupon below and we will ship you your copy
of the complete TROUBLE FINDER volume by return mail
ENTIRELY FREE—at the same time entering your subscription'
to Radio News ior the next sLx months at only $1, saving you
50c on its regular newsstand value I

You risk nothing! II you are not more than satisfied, we will
refund your immediately and you keep the TROUBLE
FINDER book with our compliments. BUT, moil the coupon
at once—while wc still have books in stock!

j	RADIO NEWS, (A Mackinnon-Fly Publication),

■	Dept. 2106, 381 Fourth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

■	Gentlemen: Ship me ENTIRELY -FREE, postpaid, a copy o£ your
J	RADIO TROUBLE FINDER volume—nt the same time entering my
I	subscription for the next 6 big issues of Radio News at only $1 which I
j	enclose. (Regular newsstand value $1.50.) If I am not moro than
J	satisfied with my firit issuu of Radio Nbws, you will refund my 51 but
I	1 mny keep the TROUBLE FINDER volume whether I remain a
|	subscriber or not.

j	Name..........................................................

J	Address .......................................................

[	City and State..................................................

[	Arc yon a urviccman C ? Dealer □ ? Engineer □ P Experimenter □ ?

A PROFITABLE RADIO
REPAIR BUSINESS

 This bonk will help you lay the foundation for
 a radio repair business in which hundreds of
 men earn as hifth as 53.00 an hour. In many
 cases suck a profitable side line lum grown into
 a worthwhile full-timo
 business. If you’d like
 to be your own boss,
 if you’re searching for
 financial independence,
 send for this book to-
 day. 'It’s FREE!
Um w QUALIFIES YOU TO MAKE MONEY AND ITS SERVICE KEEPS YOU UP-TO-THE-MINUTE ON R	w

•	THE NEWEST DEVELOPMENTS IN RADIO, TELEVISION, AND TALKING PICTURES

A DAY j

Servicing and
T(e.pumny T^udiuSeh

AND UP	|\ i

Rodin Engineer I \
for/Irond/m lintj Station) \__

jfgP /0*125 ~V

A WEEK ^

'Radio

liberator

 R.T.I.Tmining

 \rmgs$i(ji)obs

 \ike\hesef

Good

J®B$ rRight at YourFinqefFips

WHEN YOU ARE R.T.I. TRAINED IN

RADIOTELEVISION “'XdkingVidures

 Big Pay .Tors! Spare Time Profits! A
 Fine Business op Your Own ! They’re all
 open to you and other live wire men who
 answer the cull of Radio. The fastest grow-
 ingindustry in the world needs more trained
 men. And now come Television and Talking
 Movies—the magic sisters of Radio. Will
 you answer this call? Will you get ready for
 a big pay job Now and step into a-Bigger
 One later on? You can do it	now.

 R. T. I. Rome Training
 Puts You In This Big iJoney Field
 Radio alone, pays over 200 Million
 Dollars a year in wages in Broadcasting,

  Manufacturing, Sales, Service, Commercial
  Stations and on board the big sea going ships,
  and many more men are needed. Television
  and Talking Mo vies open up other vast Reids
  of money-making opportunities for ambi-
  tious men. Get into this grca: business
  that is lire, new and up-to-date, w'mrfl
  Indued service men easily earn $-10 Io $50
  per week, and “trained” inen witli experi-
  ence can make S75 a. week, anti r,p.

 Easy To Learn At Home—In Spare Time
 Learning Radio the R. T. I. way with F. If.

  Schnell, the “Ace of Radio” behind you is
  Easy, Interesting, really Fun. Only a few spare hours are
  needed and lack of education or experience won’t bother you a bit.
  We furnish all necessary testing and working apparatus and start
  you off on practical work you’ll enjoy—you learn to do the jobs
  that pay real money and which are going begging now for want
  of competent men to fiil them.

                Amazingly Quick Results
 You want to earn Big Money, and you want some of it Quick.
 R.T.I. "Three in One” TTome Training Radio-Television-Talk-
 ing Movies- will give it to you, because it’s easy, practical, and

 n qp 1 TRAINS YOU AT HOME FOR A GOOD JOB OR A PROFITABLE
               PART TIME OR FULL TIME BUSINESS OF YOUR OWN

FRED H.SCHNELL
ChieJ of R.T. I. Staff

Twenty years of Radio
Hxncrlenec. First to estab-
lish two-way amateur com-
munication wich Europe.
Former Traffi c Man tyrer oi
American, I»;:lio Relay
Lenjrvic. Lieut. Commr.ndcr
U.S.N.R. I :iventer and De-
signer Radio Apparatus.
Coii.si.ltuiitKudioKiiwiriit.T.
Now in chnrjyn of R. T. T.
Radio Training—ar.d you
will like hip friendly man-
ner oi helpina you realise
your ambitfon.

  is kept right up-to-date with Insfc
  minute information. In a few weeks
  you can be doing actual Radio work,
  making euough Extra MONEY Id
  more i.hun pay for your training. In a
  few short months you pan be all
  through—ready to stop into n good
  paying jab or start a business of your
  own. A Big Job—Dig Money—A Big
  Future. There is no other business in
  the world like; it.

       Investigate—Send
 For R. T. I. Book Now
 Don’t waste a minute. Find out what
 the great Radio Industry, which lias
 grown fnsfrr thnn the Automobile?and
 Motion Picture business, has to offer
 you. Find out what other men are
 earning. See How Easily You Can*
 Get Started. Get the facts about
 Radio, Television and the Talking
 Pictures, first hand, in Lhn big R. T. I.
 Frsb Book. Learn what this R. T. I.
 “Three in One'’ Home Training can
 do for you. Mail the Coupon for Frees
 Book Now.

  Radio & Television Institute

Dept. 7S-A
4806 St. Anthony Court Chicago

Makes $25 a Day

Huvon!t ‘WhoIUju yp j. Hnw could Iwlioii I make
liieli mSK.M pi i .lay nnd have mad* 3COO.OO
In two monthsrr :m itiuno worrf.'f'hat'* not r.:>had
whenj’m oid^ 19 and In nemalljMwn. 1 ^uat looked

ah«ut a, much	^^,J001 i„j_

 RADIO & TELEVISION INSTITUTE
 Dept.7S-A,480(5 St. Anthony Court, Chicago
 Send me Free and prepaid your BIO BOOK
 “Tune In On Big Pay” and full details of your
 three-in-one Home Training (without obligating
 me in any way).

Name...........................................................................

Address..................................... ...........................

City.............................State..................
Win a Nash Sedan

or *2,75029 in Cash

Someone who answers this ad will receive, absolutely free, a fully equipped 7-Passenger, Advanced
Six Nash Sedan or its full value in cash ($2,000.00) and .$750.00 m cash for promptness. We are also
giving away a Dodge Sedan, a Brunswick Phonograph and many other valuable prizes—besides Hun-
dreds of Dollars in Cash for advertising purposes to men, women anil children who solve our puzzle and
win our prizes. Over SI 00,000 in Cash and Prizes already given! Mrs. Kale L. Needham von $3,150.00;
W. R. F.ddington, §3,050.00; Mrs. M. Iverson, §2,320.00. This offer is guaranteed by a big reliable
company with a i'epul.al,ion of many years of honest dealings, and is open to anyone living in the
IJ. S. A. outside of Chicago.

Solve This Puzzle

There are eight babies in tlie picture above. Two, and only tw o, are alike. These two are the twins.
See if you can find them. Tlie rest.are different either in their clothes ov in their eyes. When you
find 1 he twins, write their numbers on coupon or separate sheet and send with your name and address
Hush your solution to me todayl

$75022 Extra for Promptness!

 Find

 the

 Twin

 Babies

 Find

 the

 Twin

 Babies

In addition to the many valuable prizes and Hundreds of
Dollars in Cash we are also giving a Special Added Prize of
$750.00 Cash for Promptness to the winner of the Nash
Sedan—making a total of $2,750.00 in prizes or cash that
you may win. In case of lies duplicate prizes will be awarded
each one trying. Solve the puzzle, fill in the coupon and
send it to me right away to
qualify for an opportunity
to share in the $4,500.00
total Grand Prizes. EVERY-
BODY PROFITS—you
may be the lucky first prize
winner. Tt pays lobe prompt.

John T. Adams, Mgr., Dept. A-106
323 S. Peoria Street, (Imiago.

Baby No. .. . and Baby No. . . . are the Twins.

I uui auxious to win a prize.

Address.