                         FEATURING

THE STAR WATCHERS

          An Interplanetary Novel by
          ERIC FRANK RUSSELL

THE GAMBLERS

                       A Novelet by
          L	M. REYNOLDS

. AND F. BROWN
MIRACLE MEDICAL DISCOVERY
BY FAMOUS SKIN DOCTOR
GROWS HAIR ON BALD HEADS

        Now! Medical scalp and hair specialist’s KEMPOR formula actually can regrow
        new hair by carrying fresh, vital nourishment deep into starved hair roots!

THE HUMAN HAIR

(greatly enlarged drawing)

90fcof all cases of baldness can
be benefitted — according to
famous medical authorities

We do not cloim we con jrox
hair on every bold heod bul

Dermatologists have comput-
ed that only about 10% of the
hopeless cases of baldness are
due to heredity, injuries and
systemic disorders.

Some hairfall is normal. But
abnormal amounts nf falling
hair arc nature's u-urninu xifi-
rm! of approaching bataves*.
Save your hair now while
there is still time on our —
SATISFACTION
OR MONEY-BACK
GUARANTEE!

Use the formula (KEMPOR)
that has born the noted skin
doctor’s closely guarded secret
— tested and proved in his
private practice!

Utcd successfully in his private practice on patients io al!
walks of life—now, for Ibe first time this doctor's amazing
formula is available for home use!

CLINICALLY TESTED AND PROVED-
GUARANTEED ABSOLUTELY SAFE AND HARMLESS!
formulo Used by Many Doctors Themselves!

At Last! A Way to End the Curse of Baldoesi!

I>o you suffer the shame and embarrassment of excessive
falling hair, bald spots, dandruff scales, itchy scalp? Is pre-
mature baldness making you look old befoie your time,
robbing you of your rightful share of life and love? Does
your bald head make you look too old for that better job,
that bigger pay check?

Remarkable Hair Growth formula Discovered by Noted
Dermatologist Brings New Hope for Bald Heads!

No sticky grease—no muss or fuss! So easy and simple to
use—takes just a minute or two a day! Guaranteed absolute-
ly safe—even for youngsters! This revolutionary scientific
foimula. KEMPOR, is absolutely different and unlike any
other hair and scalp product on the market.

    Il i> based on a lifetime of actual medical practice, by one
of America's leading skin specialists. KEMPOR,penetrates
deep into the scalp to loosen and float away undesirable
material that clogs the hair canal. The KEMPOR, Formula
feeds and stimulates the roots, frees the hair to come up
unhindered. KEMPOR'S antiseptic action cleanses the scalp,
attacks infections that may lead to serious results if ignored.

Here are just a few of the actual case histories in the files of the noted skin doctor, discoverer of the KEMPOR Formula.

                    (NOTE: Since these cases were taken from the Doctor's private files, actual names have not been used,
                    and pictures of professional models have been substituted to assure privacy to actual oatients described.I

CASE 645 Phytlcion. 45
Symptomi: Dry, irritated
scalp. Excessive hoir lots.
Result: "Excessive hoir Ion
ceosed entirely. Now hoir
growth roplacod thoio which
were formerly lotf"

                             CASE 847 Housewif»,4?
                             Symptoms: Considerable
                             loss of hoir following
                             pormonont. Hair come
                             out in hondfuli.

                               Result: Hoir Ion ceaied
       A comp/efe rigrowth of
       hair occurred lotori
       ACCEPT NO SUBSTITUTES!

 Only KEMPOR is the perfected formula of the
 famous scalp and hair doctor who mode this
 revolutionary scientific discovery!

CASE 1706 Druggist, 26
Symptoms: "Horedifory" pro-
mofu'e boMneif Fothorlorgo-
ly bald of 25 yeon of age
■•lull: Scalp ond hoir dean.
No furthor unnatural hair
Ion lince itarl of troatmont.

SEND NO MONEY!

        FOR FREE 14-DAY TRIAL OFFER Fill
        OUT AND MAIl THIS COUPON NOW

 supply of KEMPOR Formula with simple directions for I

__ClAtOIAN PNARMACAl COtPOIATIOR

FX flX'/S '/SKVW! 60S I OAKLET SIVD . CRICACO 12. IU.

  FREE 14-DAY TRIAL OFFER £ j Gentlemen- In plalr. wroppe' pleose »end me month's*
    MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE

  Uie the KEMPOR Formula for jutt 14 days,
  according to simple directions endosed'with
  package. If, at the end of 14 days you ore
  not completely satisfied that KEMPOR is
  everything, does everything wt claim-re-
  turn the unused portion—ond your lull pur-
  chase price will be refunded! You are the
  sole judge!

       Guardian Pharmacol Corporation

          On delivery I will poy postmon $5.00, plus i
      C.O.O. chorge (encloie money order, cosh or check j
      ond we will poy oil shipping toils).

 1.. It is understood that olter using KEMPOR lor 14 |
 Jfl dayi according to direction!, I muit be completely!
 iotisfied-of you will refund my full purchose price, j

si! «•■»--

I

 51

 IMifsi-

 -Im •• lei »•.

 rii’

      ill

 GtiftnlUn l*narmftcal Contort lift*

 t«r-
I.e.S. STUDENT JUDGED
BEST APPRENTICE
IN THE NATION

                  Ex-G.J. Took Course in
                  electrical Engineering

 T.C. S. Training proves its worth. Recently,
 Robert M. Hutchison of Evansville, Ind.,
 was picked as “the best electrical appren-
 tice in the nation.” He had studied Elec-
 trical Engineering with the International
 Correspondence Schools.

  The award was made by the National
 Electrical Contractors Association. Hun-
 dreds of apprentices from every section of
 the country figured in the competition.

   The same training that brought “Bob”
 Hutchison national recognition is available

 “Here’s why I consider I.C. S.

Courses exceptional:

 1	I.C.S. texts are easy to understand;
    explanations are very clear.

 2	The stodent determines his own prog-
    ress; gets a real sense of achievement.

 3	Textbooks and lesson material make a
    valuable set of reference books.”

ROBERT M. HUTCHISON

 to you. If you want the security and rewards
 that come with sound, practical training,
 mark and mail the coupon today. Find out
 what I.C.S. can do for you.

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

!ICS

  Without rat of obligation. plejse «*M me
  Air Conditioning and
  Plumbing Coursoe

  D Air Conditioning	□ Heating

  C Plumbing	D Refrigeration

  D Refrigeration. Domestic	i

  C Refrigeration t Air Condltionlni
  O Steam Fitllnf

  Aoronautlcs Course*

  E Aeronautical Engineer's, Jr.

  Aircraft Drafting & Design
  C Aircraft Mechanic
  D Engine Mechanic

  Automotive Count*

  3 Automobile OAnto Technician
  Mela

         BOX 3970-V, SCRANTON 9. PINNA.

 full particulars about the course BEFORE which I have marked X:.

                                    D Industrial Engineering
                                    □ Industrial Instrumentation
                                    Industrial Metallurgy

                                    Mscfcine Shop

 □	Building Estimating

 □	Civil Engineering

  S Contracting end Building
  Highway Engineering

  □	Reading SUuctoial Blueprints
  O Sanitary Engineering

  □	Structural Drafting

  □	Structural Englnaarlng

  □	Surveying and Mapping
  Communication! Courses

  □	Electronics

  3 Auto Electric Technician
  3 Auto Body Rebuilding S ReSnlihing
  Chemical Coursoe

 Pixlicat Telephony	U Ship Drafting	□

 Radio, General □ Radio Operating D ToolI Designing □
 Radio Senncmg □ TUtvSkm D Welding-On and Electric

  I Mechanical Dialling
  I Mechanical Engineering
  Mold-Loft Wort
  I Patternmaklng—Wood, Metal
  I Reading Strap Blueprint*

  Sheet-Metal Drafting .

  Sheet-Motal Worker

                       Ship Fitting
                       Tool making

 } Chemical Engineering
 ry, Analytical

  3 Chemistry,

  3 Chemistry. Industrial
  3 Food-Plant Sanitation
  5 Petroleum ReHoIng O Plastics
  3 Pulp and Paper Making
  Clvit Engineering and
  Architectural Courses
  3 Architecture rl Aichitecloul Drafting
  3 Bridge end Building Foreman

   I Telegraph Engineering
   Electrloal Coureee
   D Electrical Drafting
   O Electrical Engineering

   □	Electric light and P
   Q Lighting Technician

   □	Practical Ekictiician
   Diesel Engine* Course*

   □	Diesel Engines

   □	Internal Combustion Engines
   Mechanical Course*

  B Forging	Q Foundry Work

   Hest Treatment of Metals

-Ag*-

  Railroad Coursos

  □	Alt Brake	0 Cat Inio^'or

  □	Diesel locomotive

  □	locomotive Engineer
  O locomotive Fireman

  □	locomotive Machinist

  □	Railroad Section Foreman

  D Steam-Oieset Locomotive Eng.
  Stationary Engineering

  Coursoe

  § Power Plant Engineering
  Stationary Fireman
  Stationary Steam Engineering

  Textile Courses

  D Colton Manufacturing

 □	loom Filing	□ Rayoo Mtfc
 0 Teitile Engineering

  □	Woolen Manufacturing
  Business and
  Academic Coureo*

 BAccounUng	□ Adverlisln*

  Bookkeeping

  □	Business Administration
  D Business Correspondence

  0 Business law O Cartooning
  D Certified Public Accounting
  D Commerciel Q Commercial Ai»
  D Cost Accounting

  B Fashion * Book Illustration
  Federal Ter □ Fiisl Veer College
  Q Foremanshio

  □	Good English

  □	Hlghei Mathematics
  D Industrial Supervision
  D Motor Traffic

  P Personnel-labor Relations

  □	Postal Ci.il Service □ Retailing

  □	Retail Business Management

  O Salesmanship □ Secretarial

 □ High School

City-

-AM. to-

 -P.M.

Present Position -

 -Employed by.

Special tuition ntee to memMrt of Uie Armed force*. Canadian residents send Coupon to International Correspondence Schools Canadian, ltd. Montreal Canada.
Vol. 24, No. 2	A THRILLING PUBLICATION November, 1951

           A Complete Etook-Lengtli Novel
THE STAR WATCHERS.............Eric Fronk Russell 10

     Posted on every life-bearing planet are these oddly selfless
     guardians — amiable, but vengeful and merciless in striking
     down any who menace man’s long agonizing climb to the stars

A Novelet

THE GAMBLERS......Mack Reynolds and Fredric Brown 104

Bob Thayer was no card sharp, but he managed to get into a
poker game on the Moon—with the fate of the Earth at stake

Short Stones

GREASE IN THE PAN...............Sam Merwin, Jr. 101

This was their purpose—to discover new planets to populate

THE CUPIDS OF VENUS............William Morrison 120

Couples for colonizing Cygnus were selected scientificallyf

   '	Features

THE ETHER VIBRATES............................The Editor 6

A science fiction department featuring letters from readers

CURRENT FAN PUBLICATIONS....... ..............A Review 139

A department of comment and criticism devoted to fandom

SCIENCE FICTION BOOKSHELF....................New Books 142

“Rockets, Missiles and Space Travel“Rogue Queen" and others

WHEN WORLDS COLLIDE....................... Movie News 145

A new science fiction movie based on a Balmer-Wylie novel

Also See “Let There Be Light,” Page 35, and “The Razor's Edge,
or Don’t Drop that Blade,” Page 49

SAMUEL MINES, Editor

STAttTUNQ STOBIKS. FuMLihod **nr oilier month bj Ilettec PubUo4tian», Ins.. N. L. Pin*. PneUJoot. at IMS ft
Valle Are.. Kokomo, lad. Editorial and aiMutiro offloo*. 10 Kut 40tb St.. Now Tor* It. N. T. Entered ».i

mat tor at the post ofllco at Kokomo. Ind.. under tho not of Msroli 8. 1879. Copyright. 1951. br Better fabtieuiea*. tr>-

sue pimio laoiuae ptatni looe noranor. if mf. MwiiwrlpJi will not he returned unless accamn&niM hr
JJS*1 “I*10?*4 •“ "• SBballtad at the author', riot Namiu ol all oh»r*oter« .ued in Morint

MlHou». U the omme oI anj Utlni nerson or oii*tlog institution Is med. it it a coincidence. Nmabw. 19SL!*!?

1’BHRXD IN THE V AM
BE A SUCCESS AS A

  mW t*4*lV |
  MAR? TO TRA
  Cmm« WAY.

                   Radio

                 NOR-

 K«*P joor Job stub tnlmac »l h«a*. Hud.
 inia I >e lnl»d an mcWul RADIO*

 Television technicians. Me* bad

  I iend you many valuable KitagJ|B8i
  Of part* (or PRACTICAL EX-M$|
  PIRIENCE. Tbey "brim to Ufa" ^
  theory you leaio In my
  laiu. Ai put of my 0m1tfnc-|jij&
  Courae, you build i cc«npleUvBf£|
  powerful Radio Rwiw, > MultJ-
  U*t«r useful in Kiming extra aparo
  time money. AM and PM Spall
  Generator. etc. In my Comma- flw*
  citation* Course, you aaaem-
  N« a low-po*w Broedeaetio*
  TranamltUr that ebowa you ^aSS
  bow to put a station "oo tbe jggg
  •Jf," • Wav«®etar, ate. This
  oiber equipment I send you,

 S^&JtSSLV.

America's Fast Growing Industry Offers You

              1.	EXTRA MONEY
                IN SPARE TIME

I TRAINED THESE MEN

Skop SpacMjee to Tslrttla*

      „ ibB^HnlNBU^^ine
      manuf«ctur»T*, do ••r'ridor foe
      7 dealers. N.R.I. enabled t*e to
      build «iriaU* reputation." P.

          MILLER, Maumee, Ohio. I

      _______.• OevkW» So lory.

 “Am wilb Statioo WKBO u
 traasr.itter operator. Mora
 lh-n doubUd *»Uryelni*.tart-
 lnj In Radio full time. N. R. I.
 i h»!pful to re.." A.

          Nee Cumberland Pa.

          VO W**fc in Sparo Tim*. "Bffore'
          finiahin* covrae. ! earmd ae

          m\Kh aa $10 a week la Radio

                   in (pare tiro®. I rteom-

Many students mike SS, $10 a week am firing neighbors' Radio>
in spare lime »h !e laming. The day you enroll I Kart sending
you SPECIAL BOOKLETS lo show you how to do ihii. Tester
you build with parts I send helps you Mrnc« acts. All equipment
U yoiut to keep.

2.	GOOD PAY JOB

"Your neit step Is i good lob instilling and servicing Radio-Televi-
non sen of becoming bon of your own Ridio-Teleiiiion sales
and icnicc shop 01 getting a jood job In a Broadcasting Station.
Todiy there are over 90,000,000 home and auio Radio). 3100
Broadcasting Stations are on the air. Aviation and Police Radio,
Micro-Wave Relay. Two-War Radio arc all eipanding, making
more and better opportunities for servicing and communication
technicians and FCC licensed open ion.

3.	BRIGHT FUTURE

And think of the opportunities in Television I In 1950 over
5,000,000 Television sets were sold. By 1954 authorities estimate
2S.OCO.OOO Television seta will be in use. Over 100 Television Sta.
rions arc now operating, with experts predicting 1,000. Now isth*
lime lo gel in line for nccesi and a bright future in America'*
fast-growing Industry. Be a Radio-Television Technician. Mail
coupon fot Usaon and Book—FREE

I Will Train You at

  Read How You Practice Servicing or Communications
  with Many Kits of Parts You Get!

 Mia Cwp* Ftr 1 tab FIK

 A* Nowl Siti ref ay PREE DOUBLE

  OJTER. Coupon refill* yoa to ertaal!«.
  •on m Servian*; ibm bow yea lens R»
  dtoTcfevtsoa at bcce. You'll abo metre
  »y book. "Bow to Be a Cocoa ta
  Rade-TrirrUoa." Yea'll read *hat
  iradaaua are deni, aaraiii; «• ph«0
  »^ripB*nt you practicawiili at fcoc* S«w-.,
  c«rjoo ia ntt'.o;* or carts oa muL-I
  •. E. 8MITH. ‘
  ret.. Dept. .
  fcntlonai J

        Institute, I

  ./ashlngton 9,1
  38lhy
SHOULD any of you detect a strange hand
at the throttle, it is more illusion than
fact. The impress of Merwin remains;
like footsteps on the sands of time, only gradual
erosion will wear them away. Actually, the im-
minences of publishing being what they are,
the stories in this issue and many to come, were
long ago selected by my predecessor, with only
a slight assist from me. The only things imme-
diately different, therefore, are the departments,
in which you may detect a certain wary fum-
bling, like unto a spaceman stepping out upon
a new world and testing the atmosphere, mean-
while keeping a weather eye out for concealed
mines, booby traps and BEMS.

Grist for the Mill

  As to stories, policy and so forth—it is our
belief that a magazine’s policy is not something
that is cast and hardened in its mold overnight.
It grows and evolves and changes with the
times. To begin with we'll have only one policy
—to come as close as possible to having no
policy. That is, we propose to be as catholic
as possible in our fiction tastes. Everything will
be grist for the mill that qualifies as good
science-fiction.

  We expect to be open to change and experi-
mentation. For unlike any other form of liter-
ature, the stf story • declines the moment it
freezes in form and refuses to experiment We
intend to keep broadening its base.

Fiction of the Future

  Fortunately, the auguries are good. Stf has
displayed a vitality in contrast to other forms
of fiction which is heartening. In a very real
sense, stf is the fiction of the future. And it
becomes increasingly so as it moves out of the
Flash Gordon class and begins to deal with the
essential, universal human problems molded and
motivated by future conditions.

That our authors have been able to anticipate

6

and predict future conditions in so many in-
stances is a credit to them. A great number of
stories we have bought would have graced the
shiniest of slicks. Heinlein’s JERRY WAS A
MAN in our opinion outclassed several of its
successors which ran in the Satevepost. And
few magazines anywhere have printed anything
as sheerly magnificent as Kuttner’s DARK
WORLD and MASK OF CIRCE.

  Science fiction therefore, can be all things to
all men—escape, reverie, prediction or what
have you. But its potentialities are still not
fully realized. The form is not fixed, it is aston-
ishingly fluid.

  For example, there has been little done in
the realm of the deductive stf story. To be sure
Frank Belknap Long has created a space detec-
tive and Jack Vance an interplanetary sleuth
known as Magnus Ridolph (sold to the movies,
incidentally) but these were only a tentative
approach to a large and intriguing field.

A Foothold on Reality

  The essential question which opens up here
is this: what will crime be like in the future?
And what will the methods of detection be like ?
The answers are apt to be a type of stf story
with something of a new slant Gimmicks yes,
but a foothold on reality, a tie to the present
and a reach into the future.

  The same with any problem of human rela-
tionships. What will the family of the future be
like? The politics of the future? Our pet peeve
is the story which goes 5000 years forward in
time and 900 back for its politics, coming up
with kings, dictators, emperors or other mediae-
val systems complete. Even the odds bodikins
school of dialogue is adopted intact. This is a
confusion oi the fairy tale with science-fiction,
but there is a clear line between magic and fan-
tasy even if it gets very thin at times. You
might say that no one expects a fairy tale to
have logic or even be reasonable, whereas a
(Turn to page 8)
TRY IT SOME TIME. Concentrate intently upon an-
oilier penon seated In a room with you, without his
noticing It. Observe him gradually become restless and
finally turn and look in your direction. Simple—yet it is
e positive demonstration that thought generates a mental
energy which can be projected from your mind to the
consciousness of another. Do you realize how much of
your success and happiness in life depend upon your
Influencing others? Is it not important to you to have
others understand your point of view—to be receptive to
vour proposals?

Demonstrable Facts

  How many times have you wished there were some way
jrou could Impress another favorably—gel across (o him
Or har your ideas? That thoughts con be transmitted,
received, and understood by others i> now scientifically
demonstrable. The tales of miraculous accomplishments
of mind by the ancients are now known to bo fact—not
fable. The method whereby these things can be Inlen-
tlonoffy, not accidentally, accomplished has been a secret
fong cherished by the Rosicrucians—one of the schools of
andent wisdom existing throughout the world. To thoiu
lands everywhere, for centuries, (he Rosicradans have

privately taught tfiit nearly-lost art of the practical ate

 of mind power.

This Free Book Points Out the Way

 The Rosicrudan9 (not a religions organization) Invito
 you to explore the powers of your mind. Their sensible,
 simple suggestions hove caused Intelligent men and women
 to soar lo new heights of accomplishment. They will show
 you how to use your natural forces and talents to do
 things you now think are beyond your ability. Use the
 coupon belotv and send for o copy of the fascinating
 sealed free book, ‘The Mastery of Life,” which explains
 how you may receive this unique wisdom and benefit by
 Us application to your daily affairs.

 The ROSICRUCIANS

(AMORC)

 Scribe A.R.Z., The Rosicrucians, AMORC
 Rosicracian Pnrk, San Jose, California.

     Kindly send me a free copy of the boot. "The
 Mastery of Life,” I am interested in learning how
 I may receive instructions about the full use of my
 natural powers.

Name.™.—-------------------------

 Address

 -State_

    ^jou Gan Influence Others
          With Your Thinking!
fantasy must always be explainable in some
fashion.

THE following collection of letters are aimed
at Merwin, having been received mostly be-
fore his departure, and any barbs contained
herein, belong to him.

  Our own hide has not yet developed the
proper consistency for protection, but tiiat will
doubtless come in time.

RETRIBUTION

by Wallace West

M'aidez !"#$%—&' () *@4 ?

  Have just obtained the July issue of Startling
and am highly pleased with cover, illustrations and
the kind words of your blurb, BUT. . . .

   I hope that, by this time, you finally have stopped
sticking yourself full of late Roman fibulae* and
are contemplating buying me a lunch after that
blooper through which you confuse Browning’s
“Cliilde Roland” with Byron’s “Chiide Harolde”.
Tsk! It jumped at me because I hunted high and
low through Byron for that quote before finding it
where it belonged. Just please tell the gentle read-
ers I had it “Roland” in copy.

  Incidentally, I agree that Byron could have .
and did . . . write some nice science fiction. His
“Darkness" would scare the pants off Iskra.—Ral-
ston, New Jersey.

  ♦Yeah! Further research reveals the Romans
did have diaper-sized safety pins in the days of
the Empire. Which does mean that Mr. Hunt, iu
1849, pulled a fast one on the Patent Office.

  Echoes of this brawl reached me faintly
through the sage and cactus. All I can say is
that if West wants Merwin to buy him a lunch
he’ll have to interrupt him at his labors. He is,
we hope, currently writing like mad.

HELP WANTED

by J. T. Oliver

  WITCH WAR is the best story you have pub-
lished in months. Matheson is a genius. His talent
is truly unique. Let's have some more of his work.
In fact, let’s have lots more off-trai! work. I get
so doggone tired of the same old stuff over and
over. Hooray for Matheson. Etc.

  Can you tell me the name of an old story in
which a cat enters a casket and chews up a dead
man ? It is a grisly yarn, old as the proverbial hills,
and I think Ambrose Bierce wrote it. I’d like very
much to get the title and author so I can look it up.
Research, you know.—315-27lh St., Columbus, Go.

S

    Sorry, J.T., we don't know it either. But I'll
bet eighteen or nineteen thousand of our read-
ers do.

    Just duck, boy.

ALL THIS AND BROWNING TOO

by Washington Ch. Divan

Dear Sir:

    With reference to The Dark Tower: shame I

   It was NOT Chiide Harold; it was Chiide
Roland I

    It was NOT Lord Byron; it was Robert Brown-
ing I

And both Byron and Browning were SF fans,
even though the term wasn't used in their time.

    Browning often visited my great grandfather,
Simpson S. Divan, in London, and the old gentle-
man wrote in his diary of the excited discussion
of a polmorph by his guests.

    Browning probably picked up his key line—quoted
in SS—from the third act of King Lear. That is,
“Chiide Roland to the dark tower came." And
Shakespeare in turn was referring to an old Scotch
ballad about a hero named Chiide Rowland.

Outside of the above, The Dark Tower was
super.—2445 Fifteenth St. N. W Wash., D. C.

   A word in your ear, monsieur. It is bad
enough to make a small error in bibliography,
but to have nearly everybody in the U.S. point-
ing it out conies under the heading of cruel and
unusual punishment, which is expressly forbid-
den by the Constitution. We don’t say this is
why Merwin left town, but we do hope he is
having a good time out in the pastoral atmos-
phere of the mid-west.

-AND MORE

by Jack C. Miske

Dear Mr. Merwin:

    I thought you might like to know about the
erroneous nature of some of your remarks concern-
ing the source of the title of Wallace West’s story
“The Dark Tower,” although you've probably al-
ready heard too much about the matter.

    I think Mr. West got the phrase not from Byron’s
Chiide Harold, as you suggested, Init from Robert
Browning's mucli shorter poem Childt Rolande to
the Dark Toiver Came. Browning in turn seems
to have got it from Edgar’s song as the close of
act three, scene four of Shakespeare's King Lear,
where Edgar, feigning madness, sings.

    “Child Rowland to the dark tower came;

    His word was still, ’Fie, fob, and fum,

    I smell the blood of a British man.' ”

    Incidentally, Byron’s name prior to his tenth year
was properly George Gordon Byron; after that,
George Gordon, Lord Byron. The correct title of
the poem you mentioned is Chiide Harold's Pil-
grimage. Based on Italian history, it is a major
(Continued on page 130)
rAskto
See It!

AUDEL, Publishers, 49 W. 23 St, New York 10, NX

what arivo mechanic

&er)rJ%ll I v WMs to Know

A molor vehicle i* a machine cl many part*, each
end constructed for it* own special function.

>11 good mechanics, like good doctor*, should know ihe working
(theory and operation of each part and understand what causes
trouble and how to remedy It.

LET AUDELS AUTO GUIDE SOLVE
YOUR PROBLEMS

Every outo mechanic, helper, serviceman and operator cart we
t) copy of AUDELS AUTOMOBILE GUIDE. Tho information it

flives saves lime, money and worry. Highly indorsed by all users,
t prosents the whole subject of outo mechanics from A to Z in plain
language and simple terms.

This Big Practical Book gives full Information with working die*
'Grams covering the principles, construction, ignition, service and
TBpoir of modern cars, trucks and buses.

A complete Guide of 1800 pages, with over 1500 illustrations
showing inside views of the working parts, with instructions for
(•rvice jobs. Diesel engines. Fluid and Hydra-maMc drive* fully explained.

IT PAYS TO KNOW HOW TO

How to fit pistons—How to locate engine Inocks-How to fit con*
necting rod bearings—How to service main bearings—How to re-
condition valves—How to time valves—How lo adjust fan belts—How
4o adjust carburetors & chokes-How to rebuild a clutch—How to
•ervice automatic transmissions—How to service brakes—How to ad-

I'ust steering gear—How to cope with ignition troubles—How to serv-
ce distributors-How lo time ignition-How to "tune up" an engine.

INFORMATION IN A.HANDY FORM

71 INTERESTING CHAPTERS—Reot/ this partial list of sublets
cn which practical information is fully giren for quick reference
under the headings as shown below. Ready Reference Index.

Sent on 7 Days Approval

6tep up your own skill with the testa and Agora of

your trade. Audela Mechanics Guides contain Prac-
tical Inside Trade Information In a handy lor in.
Fully Illustrated and Easy to Understand.

Highly Endorsed. Check the book you want 108
7 DAYS FREE EXAMINATION.

Bend No Money. Nothin* to pay postman.

—~ HERE.___'-WQ

MAIL ORDER

 AUDEL, Publishers, 49 W.23

  Pleaso Mild mo postpaid for PREE EXAMINATIOi____

  marked 00 below. If I decide to fcoep them I agroo	to
  mall 91 In 7 Day* on each book or sot ordored and

  further mall $1 monthly on each book or set untB	I
  have paid price, otherwise I will return them.

  □	TRUCK A TRACTOR GUIDE, 1299 Pages . . ,J4

  □	AUTOMOBILE MECHANICS GUIDE. 1800 Pages	4

 □	DIESEL ENGINE MANUAL, 575 Pages ....	2

 □	MACHINISTSHANDY BOOK. 1650 Pages. . .	4

 □	WELDERS GUIDE. 400 Pages........1

 □	BLUE PRINT READING, 416 Pages.....2

  □	MATHEMATICS & CALCULATIONS, 700 Pages.	2

  □	SHEET METAL PATTERN LAYOUTS. 1100 Pages	4

  □	SHEET METAL WORKERS HANDY BOOK. 388Pgs.	1

  □	MECHANICAL DRAWING GUIDE, 160 Pages . .	1

  □	MECHANICAL DRAWING & DESIGN. 480 Pages	2

 □	AIRCRAFT WORKER, 240 Pages.......I

 □	TELEVISION SERVICE MANUAL 384Pages. .	2

 □	RADIOMANS GUIDE. 914 Pages.......4

 □	ELECTRONIC 0CVICES, 216 Pages......2

 □	ELECTRIC MOTOR GUIDE. lOCO Pages ....	4

  □	ELECTRIC WIRING DIAGRAMS. 272 Pages ..	1

  □	ELECTRICIANS EXAMINATIONS. 250 Pages. .	1

  □	ELECTRIC POWER CALCULATIONS. 425 Page*.	2

  □	HANDY BOOK OF ELECTRICITY, 1«0 Pages. .	4

 □	ELECTRIC DICTIONARY, 9000 Terms.....2

  □	ELECTRIC LIBRARY, 7000 Pages (12 Book Set) 18

  □	MARINE ENGINEERS HANDY BOOK. 1258 Pgs.	4

 □	SHIPFITTERS HANDY BOOK. 250 Pages ...	I

  □	REFRIGERATION & Air Conditioning. 1280 Pgs.	4

  □	MILLWRIGHTS & MECHANICS GUIDE. 1200 Pgs.	4

  □	POWER PLANT ENGINEERS GUIDE, 1500 Pages	4

  □	ENGINEERS & FIREMANS EXAMS, 525 Pages.	1

  □	PUMPS, Hydraulics & Air Compressors, 1658 Pgs:	4
  O ENGINEERS LIBRARY (3 Book Set).....9

 □	MECHANICALDICTIONARY, 950 Pages. ...	4

  □	GARDENERS * GROWERS GUIDES (4 Booh Sel)	6

  □	CARPENTERS & BUILDERSGUIDES(4Book Set)	8

  □	PLUMBERS & Stoamfitters Guides (4 Book Set)	6

  □	MASONS AND BUILDERS GUIDES (4 Book Set)	6

  □	PAINTERS & DECORATORS MANUAL, 450 Pgs.	2

 □	HOUSE HEATING GUIDE. 1000 Pages.....4

 Q OIL BURNER GUIDE, 384 Pages.......1

                         
Occupation u             
Employed by--------- PAL 

Posted on every life-bearing planet are these selfless
       guardians—amiable, but ruthless in striking down any

who threaten mans long agonizing climb to the starsI

The STAR WATCHERS

I

SOLEMN and grave the World Coun-
cil sat as he walked toward them.
They numbered twelve, all sharp-eyed,
gray or white of hair, their faces lined
with many years and much experience.
Silently, with thin lips, firmed mouths,
they watched him come on. The thick
carpet kept saying hush-hush as his feet
swept over it. The silence, the watching
eyes, the whispering of the carpet, the

leaden weight of deep, unspoken anx-
ieties—all showed that this was a mo-
ment distinct from other minutes which
are not moments.

  Reaching the great horseshoe table
at which the others were seated, he
halted, looked them over, starting with
the untidy man on the extreme left and
going slowly, deliberately around to the
plump one on the far right. It was a pe-

A Novel by ERIC FRANK RUSSELL

10

STARTLING STORIES

12

culiarly penetrating examination which
served only to enhance their manifest
uneasiness. One or two fidgeted like men
who feel some of their certitude begin-
ning to evaporate. Each seemed secretly
relieved when the gaze passed on to hia
immediate neighbor.

  In the end, his attention went back to
the lion-maned Oswald Heraty who pre-
sided at the table’s center. The pupils
of his eyes shone and the irises were
flecked with silver as he looked at
Heraty and spoke in slow, measured, un-
hurried tones.

  He said, “Captain David Raven, at
your service, sir.”

  Leaning back in his chair, Heraty
sighed, fixed his worried stare upon the
immense crystal chandelier dangling
from the ceiling. It was difficult to tell
whether he was marshaling his
thoughts, or carefully avoiding the
other’s eyes, or finding it necessary to
do the latter in order to achieve the
former. Other members of the Council
now had their heads turned toward
Heraty, partly to give attention to what
he was about to say, partly because to
look at Heraty was not to look at Raven.
They had all watched Raven's entrance
but none wanted to study him close up.
None wanted to study him; none wanted
to be studied by him.

  Still frowning at the chandelier,
Heraty spoke in the manner of one

shouldering an unwanted but immovable
burden. “We are at war.”

  The table waited. There was only si-
lence.

TTERATY went on, “I address you vo-
*■ cally because I have no alternative.
Kindly respond in the same manner."

  “Yes, sir,” was Raven's totally inade-
quate response.

  “We are at war,” Heraty repeated.
“Does that not surprise you?”

  “No, sir.”

  “It ought to,” put in a Council mem-
ber on Heraty’s right. He was a little
aggrieved by Raven’s lack of reaction.
“We have been at war for about
eighteen months and have only just dis-
covered the fact.”

  "Kindly leave this to me,” suggested
Heraty silencing the speaker with an
impatient wave of one hand. For an in-
stant—only an instant—he met Raven's
eyes as he asked, “Have you known or
suspected that we were actually at
war?”

  “No, sir.”

  “Surely you should have done?”

  “I have not bothered to estimate the
probable time factor. That we would be
involved in war, some time or other, was
obvious from the start.”

  “From what start?” inquired the fat
man on the right.

  “From the moment we crossed space

Jha (pabvwcd £ipi. . .	-

               Flying saucers and other scare phenomena have given birth to the
             constantly recurring theory that perhaps superior intelligences from
             somewhere in space are keeping an anxious eye on man’s development
             here on earth. The complexion of this watching eye has ranged from
             the horribly inimical to the blandly protective. You’ll remember Ted
             Sturgeon s little classic THE SKY WAS FULL OF SHIPS in which
             aliens waited only for an indication that man had cracked the atom,
             thus become a possible menace, before hauling out the Flit gun and
             spraying us with bug eradicator.

             In THE STAR WATCHERS Eric Frank Russell has touched this
           theme again, but with a subtlety rarely matched. You’ll find this a
           fascinating job, one that might well be called an epic—much misused
           as that battered word has become.

—THE EDITOR.
THE STAR

and settled another planet,” Raven told
him. He was disconcertingly imper-
turbable about it. “War then became in-
herent in the newly-created circum-
stances.”

  “Meaning we blundered?”

  “Not at all. Progress demands pay-
ment. War is the price. Sooner or later
the bill is presented.”

  Heraty took over again. “Never mind
the past. We, as individuals, had no con-
trol over that. It’s our task to cope with
the present and the immediate future.”
He rubbed his chin, said to Raven,
“Venus and Mars are attacking us. Of-
ficially, we can do a fat lot about it. It’s
a war that isn’t a war.”

  “A difference of opinion?” Raven
asked, betraying the shadow of a smile.

  “It began with that. Now it has gone
a whole lot further. They’ve turned
from words to deeds. Without any for-
mal declaration of war—indeed, with
every outward appearance of friendship
and blood-brotherhood—they are im-
plementing their policies in a military

rr\turner. They’ve been at it for some-
thing like eighteen months, and we’ve
only just discovered that we’re being
hit. That sort of thing can go on too
long.”

  “All wars go on too long,” Raven ob-
served.

  They viewed this as a profound
thought. There was a faint murmur of
agreement and much nodding of heads.
Two of them went so far as to glance
straight at him, though as briefly as pos-
sible.

  “The worst of it is,” continued
Heraty morbidly, “that they’ve got us
in a fix of our own devising and, offi-
cially at any rate, there’s no way out.
What’s the answer to that?” He did not
wait for suggestions. He provided an
answer himself. “We must take action
which is unofficial.”

  “Me being the goat?” inquired Raven.
“You being the goat,” Heraty con-
firmed.

  For a moment the silence was heavy
while Raven stood waiting politely and

WATCHERS	13

RAVEN

the Council occupied itself with various
thoughts. There was plenty of food for
thought. There had been wars before, in
the far past, the very far past; some
slow and tortuous, some swift and
bloody. But they had all been Earth-
wars. A conflict between worlds was
something different and posed new
problems to which bygone lessons did
not apply. Moreover, a new-style war,
conducted with new weapons, employ-
ing new techniques, likewise posed
fresh problems not solvable on the
basis of past experience. There was
nothing to go by other than the hard
facts of today.

  After a while, Heraty said, “Venus
and Mars have long been settled by
homo sapiens, our own kind, our own
blood. They are our children but no
longer see it that way. They think
they’re grown up. They’ve been agitat-
ing for self-government for the last
couple of centuries. They’ve been de-
manding the key of the house while
they’re still damp from their christen-
ing. We’ve refused their heart’s desire.
We’ve told them to wait, be patient. See
where it puts us!”

  “Where?” invited Raven, smiling.
14	STARTLING STORIES

  “Squarely on the horns of a dilemma,
and both of them uncomfortably sharp.”
Heraty shifted in his seat as though his
southern aspect was peculiarly suscep-
tible to suggestion. “Without self-gov-
ernment the Venusians and Martians
remain Terrestrials, officially and
legally, sharing this world with us, en-
joying all our rights as common citizens.
That means they can come here as often
and for as long as they please, in any
numbers." He bent forward, slapped
ireful hands on the table. “They can
walk right in, through the ever-open
door, while crammed to the top hairs
with arson, sabotage and every form of
malicious intent, and we can’t keep ’em
out. We can’t refuse entry unless we first
make them precisely what they want to
be, namely, aliens. We won’t make aliens
of them.”

  “Too bad,” sympathized Raven.
“There are good reasons?"

  “Of course. Dozens of them, including
some known only to a select few.”
Heraty hesitated, went on, “One such is
that we are on the verge of getting to
the Outer Planets. That's a jump, a heck
of a big jump. To back it up to the limit,
settle ourselves there in strength and
get properly established, we’ll need all
the resources of three worlds without
any short-view quibbling between
them.”

  “I can well imagine that,” Raven
agreed, thinking of Venusian fuel-de-
posits and of Mars’ strategic position.

T OWERING his voice to lend signifi-
*-J cance to his words, Heraty con-
tinued : “In due time there’ll be another
jump. It will take us to Alpha Centauri
—and there is some good though unpub-
lished evidence to suppose it may bring
us head-on against another intelligent
life form. If that does occur we’ll have to
hang together lest we hang separately.
There will be no room for Terrestrials,
Venusians, Martians, Jovians and other
planetary tribes. We’ll all be Solarians,
sink or swim. That's how it’s got to be
whether nationalist-minded specimens

like it or not.”

  “So you’re faced by another dilemma,"
remarked Raven. “Peace might be as-
sured by publishing the warning facts
behind your policy—and thereby creat-
ing general alarm plus opposition to
further expansion.”

  “Precisely!” Heraty agreed. “You’ve
put it in a nutshell. There’s a conflict of
interests which is going too far.”

  “Hm! A pretty setup. As sweet a mu-
tual animosity as could be contrived. I
like it. It smacks of an enticing chess
problem.”

  “That’s Carson's parallel,” remarked
Heraty. “He called it super-chess for
reasons you’ve yet to learn. He said it’s
time we stuck a new piece on the board.
You’d better go see him and get in-
formed. Carson’s the man who raked the
world for someone like you.”

  “Me?” David Raven registered mild
surprise. “Are there no others like me?”
“That I wouldn't know.” Heraty
showed himself far from anxious to dis-
cuss the subject. “Such matters are left
entirely to Carson, and he has his own
secrets. You’d better go see him right
away.”

  “Very well, sir. Is there anything
else?”

  “Only this: you were brought here to
let you see that the World Council is be-
hind you, even though unofficially. Your
job is to stop this war—if you can.
You'll have no badge, no documents,
nothing to show that you have any
special status. All you’ll have will be
your own abilities and our moral sup-
port. No more!”

  “It may be enough.”

  “Possibly,” admitted Heraty. “I'm in
a poor position to judge. Carson’s more
capable in that respect. For what little
it’s worth, ray own opinion is that be-
fore long your life won’t be worth a
minute’s purchase—and I sincerely hope
I’m wrong.”

“Me, too,” said Raven, blank-faced.
The Council fidgeted again, suspect-
ing him of secret amusement at their ex-
pense. The deep silence came back, and
THE STAR

their formerly evasive eyes were on him
as he walked away with the same slow,
deliberate, confident gait with which he
had entered. Only the carpet whispered
and when he went out the big door
closed quietly, without a click.

  “War,” remarked Heraty, "is a two-
way game.”

II

C-} ARSON proved to be tall, thin, sad-
faced, like one who regretted both the
necessity and expense of floral offerings.
His coffin-bearer’s countenance was a

LEINA

mask behind which lurked an agile
mind, a mind that could speak without
benefit of lips. In other words, Carson
was a Type One Mutant, a true telepath.
There’s a distinction here: true tele-
paths differ from sub-telepaths in being
able to close their minds at will.

 Looking approvingly at Raven’s
equally tall but broader, heavier frame,
and noting the lean, muscular features,
his mind made contact without an in-
stant’s hesitation. Invariably a 1M rec-
ognizes a fellow 1M at first sense, just
as a man sees a man because he is not

WATCHERS	15

blind, or hears when not deaf.

  His mind inquired, “Did Heraty
spout?”

  "He did. Dramatically and uniform-
atively.” Seating himself, Raven eyed
the metal plate angled on the other’s
desk. It bore an inscription reading,
“Mr. Carson, Director: Terran Security
Bureau.” He pointed to it. “Is that to
remind you who you are if you get too
muddled to remember?”

  “In a way, yes. It radiates what it
says. It is anti-hypnotic.” A sour grin
came and went. “Or so they assure me.
There’s been no occasion to try it out—
and I’m in no great hurry to test it
either. A hypno who gets this far isn’t
going to be held off by a plate.”

   “Still, the fact that its presence is con-
sidered necessary is a bit ominous,” Ra-
ven remarked. “Has everyone got the
heebies around here? Even Heraty in-
sinuated I’d one foot in the grave.”

  “An exaggeration, perhaps, but not
without basis. Heraty shares with me
the^dark suspicion that we've at least
one fifth columnist on the Council. If
there’s anything to it you’re a marked
man from now on.”

  “That’s pleasant. You dig me up in
order to bury me.”

  “Your appearance before the Council
was unavoidable,” Carson told him.
“They insisted on having a look at you
whether I approved or not. I didn’t ap-
prove, and Heraty knows it. He coun-
tered my arguments with an unanswer-
able point in which you should be inter-
ested.”

  "What was that?” Raven invited.
“That if you were only one-tenth as
good as I’d maintained you ought to be,
there was no cause for worry whatso-
ever. The enemy could do all the worry-
ing, and heaven help the sailors on a
night like this.”

RAVEN’S bow was ironical. “So now
I’m expected to live up to the repu-
tation you’ve concocted for me. Don’t
you think I’ve enough grief?”

  “Plenty of grief is my idea,” said
IS	STARTLING STORIES

Carson, displaying unexpected tough-
ness. “We’re in a jam, so we're flogging
the willing horse.”

  “Half an hour ago I was a goat. Now
a horse—and maybe part of a horse.
Any other animal imitations you’d
like? I’m pretty good at bird-calls,
too."

  “You’ll sure have to call a few
mighty queer birds if you’re going to
keep pace with the opposition, much
less get ahead of them. Tugging open a
drawer, Carson took out a paper,
glanced at it. “This is as far as we’ve
got with a top-secret list of extra-Ter-
restrial varieties. Nominally and ac-
cording to law, they’re all samples of
homo sapiens. In grim fact they’re
homo something-else" He consulted
the paper again. “To date, Venus and
Mars have produced twelve distinct
kinds of mutants and possibly more.
Type Six Mutants, for instance, are
Malleables.”

  Raven stiffened in his seat, opened
his mouth and emitted a loudly vocal,
“What?"

  “Malleables," repeated Carson.
“They're not one hundred per centers.
No radical alterations of the general
physique. They can do nothing really
startling from a surgeon’s viewpoint.
But they’ve pans backed with cartilage
in lieu of bones, are incredibly rubber-
faced and to that extent are good,
really good. You would kiss one, think-
ing he was your own mother, if it
struck his fancy to imitate your
mother.”

  “Speak for yourself,” Raven said.

  “You know what I mean,” Carson
persisted. “As facial mimics they must
be seen to be believed.”

  Indicating the highly polished sur-
face of his desk, Carson continued,
“Imagine this a gigantic checkerboard
with numberless squares per side.
We’re using midget chessmen and
playing white. There are two thou-
sand five hundred millions of us
against a mere thirty-two million
Venusians and eighteen million Mar-

tians. On the face of it that's some pre-
ponderance. We’ve got them hopeless-
ly outnumbered.” He made a dispar-
aging gesture. “Outnumbered in what?
In ■pawns!"

  “Obviously," agreed Raven.

  “You can see the way our opponents
figure the situation: what they lose In
numbers they more than make up for
in superior pieces. Knights, bishops,
rooks, queens and—what is so much
the worse for us—new-style pieces en-
dowed with eccentric powers peculiar
to themselves. They reckon they can
produce them until we’re dizzy. Mu-
tants by the dozen, each worth a whole
battalion of pawns.’’

  Raven said, “Acceleration of evolu-
tionary factors as a direct result of
space-conquest was so inevitable that I
don’t know how it got overlooked in the
beginning.”

  “In those days the old-timers were
obsessed by atomic power. To their
way of thinking it needed a world-wide
holocaust to produce mutations on a
large scale. It just didn’t occur to them
that hordes of Venus-bound settlers
couldn’t spend five solid, searing
months in space, under intense cosmic-
ray bombardment, their genes being
kicked around every hour and minute,
without there being a normal working
of cause and effect. Heck, they went so
far as to build double-shelled ships
containing anti-ray blankets of com-
pressed ozone, cutting down intensity
to some eighty times that at Earth
level—yet failed to realize that eighty
times is eighty times. The vagaries of
chance even themselves up over a long
period of time, so that we can now say
Venus trips have created about eighty
mutants where otherwise there would
have been only one.”

  “Mars is worse,” Raven pointed out.

  “It is,” agreed Carson. “Despite its
smaller population Mars has about as
many mutants as Venus. Reason: it
takes eleven months to get there. Every
Mars settler had to endure hard radia-
tions twice as long as any Venus set-
TIIE STAR WATCHERS

tier—and he goes on enduring it be-
cause of Mars’ thinner atmosphere.
Human genes have a pretty wide
tolerance of massive particles like
cosmic rays. They can be walloped
again and again, but there are limits.”
He paused, his fingers tapping the desk
while he reflected a moment. “In so
far as a mutant has military value,
Mars’ war potential equals that of
Venus. In theory—and it’s faulty
theory as you’re going to show ’em—
Mars and Venus together can put
enough into the field to give us a run
for our money. That is precisely what
they’re trying to do. Up to the present
they’ve got away with it.”

  “Seems to me,” observed Raven
thoughtfully, “that they’re making the
same mistake as the original pioneers;
in sheer excess of enthusiasm they’re
overlooking the obvious.”

  "And how! They've become so mu-
tant-conscious that they can’t see wood
for trees. You’re going to show them—
I hope.”

  “Hope springs eternal. In what way
do you suggest I show them?”

  "That’s up to you,” said Carson,
cheerfully passing the buck. “Fat lot
of notice you’d take of our advice even
if we offered any.” He dug out some
papers, scanned them and went on,
“I’ll give you one case which is typical
of this squabble and the methods by
which it’s being fought- It was this
particular incident that told us there
was a war on. We’d got suspicious of a
series of apparently disconnected
events, laid several camera-traps. Most
were put out of action, a few failed for
no known reason, but one registered.”

EYES keenly upon Carson, Raven
bent forward and breathed, “Ah!”
“The camera revealed how three
guys destroyed some important space-
ship data which will take a year or
more to replace. The first of these
three, a Type One Mutant, a true tele-
path, kept mental watch for inter-
rupters. The second, a Type Two Mu-

17

tant, a floater—”

  “Levitator?” suggested Raven.

  “Yes, a levitator. He got them over
two twenty-foot walls and lugged a
rope ladder up to a high window. The
third one, a Type Seven Mutant, a
hypno, took care of three guards who
chipped in at different times, stiffened
them into immobility, erased the inci-
dent from their minds and substituted
false memories covering the cogent
minutes. As it happened, the guards
did not know of the cameras, the tele-
path was therefore unable to detect
the trap in their minds, the hypno had
no cause to make them go mess up the
job. But for those cameras we wouldn’t
have known a darned thing, except that
in some mysterious manner the data
had evaporated in smoke.”

 “Humph!” Raven appeared more
amused than impressed.

  “There have been several big fires
which, because of the importance of
their strategic effects, we’re inclined to
blame on pyrotics, though we can’t
prove it.” Carson emitted a long-drawn
sigh. “What a war! They make their
own rules as they go along. Their an-
tics play hob with military logistics
and if there were any brass-hats these
days they’d already be ripe for the
loony-bin.”

 “Time has marched on,” Raven
pointed out.

  “I know, I know. We’re living in mod-
ern times, as usual.” He shoved a
sheet of paper at his listener. “There’s
a list of known Mars-Venus mutations,
numbered according to type, and let-
tered for military value—if you can
call it that.” He sniffed as if there
were doubts about calling it that. “D
means dangerous, D-plus more so, I
means innocuous—perhaps. And that
list may not be complete. It’s as far
as we've got to date.”

  Raven studied it carefully. It read:

1.	True Telepaths.	D+.

2.	Floaters.	D+.

3.	Pyrotics.	D+.

  4.	Chameleons	T
 18

5.	Nocturnals.

6.	Malleables.

        7.	Hypnos.

8.	Supersonics

9.	Mini-engineers.	D.

10.	Radiosensitives.	D.

11.	Insectivocals.	D.

12.	Teleports.	D+.

  When he had finished, Raven asked,
“So far as you know all these skewboys
remain true to type? That is to say, the
floaters can only levitate themselves
and anything they’re able to carry, but
cannot cause levitation of objects? The
teleports have the reverse aptitude of
levitating objects but cannot lift them-
selves? The telepaths aren’t hypnotic
and the hypnos aren’t telepathic?”
“That is correct. One man, one ap-
titude.”

  “Hah!” said Raven, grinning broad-
ly. “Ha!” Stuffing the list into a
pocket, he got up, went toward the
door. “They are under the delusion
that Old Mother Earth ain’t what she
used to be ”

  “You said it. She’s aged, decrepit,
senile, thick-witted and hopelessly out
of touch with the facts of life. All she's
got left is her last dying kick. You go
and shoot her full of life.”

  “I’ll do just that,” Raven promised,
"providing I can stay in one piece long
enough to take aim." He went out,
closing the door carefully behind him.

Ill

THE fun started at once, outside on the
street. It could hardly have been
more prompt though, naturally, it lacked
the finesse that might have been evident
had the organizers enjoyed longer warn-
ing and greater time for preparation. As
it was, the tactic had a spur-of-the-mo-
ment touch about it, but what it lost in
thoroughness it gained in swiftness.

  Raven walked through the front door-
way of the Security Bureau Building,
gave the come-hither sign to a taxi
prowling overhead. The machine did a
falling turn into the lower northbound
level of traffic, dropped out of that and
into the sitting level, and hit the street

with a rubbery bounce.

The taxi was a transparent ball
mounted on a ring of smaller balls de-
signed to absorb the landing-whack.
There were no wings, vanes or jets in
evidence. It was the latest model anti-
grav-cab, value about twelve thousand
credits.

  Opening the door, the driver suffused
his beefy features with professional hos-
pitality, noted that the customer did not
move. Welcome gradually faded from
the mat. He frowned, scratched his blue
chin-stubble with a cracked fingernail
and spoke with a cracked voice.

  “See here, Mac, unless I'm imagining
things, you gave me the—”

  “Shut up until I’m ready for you,”
Raven snapped. He was still on the side-
walk, some ten feet from the cab, watch-
ing nothing in particular.

  The cabbie increased his frown, gave
the stubble another rake in sonic imita-
tion of a space-mechanic sandpapering
the jets. His right arm was still extend-
ed, holding the door open. Something
wafted the sleeve of the arm, depressing
it slightly as if an unseen breath had
blown upon it.

  Raven came to life, approached the
door but did not get into the taxi. “You
got a melter?”

  “Sure? Where’d I be without one if a
bounce-arm snapped?” The cabbie pro-
duced one from his instrument-board
pocket. It resembled a tiny hand gun.
“What d’you want it for?”

  “I’m going to bum your seat,” Raven
informed, taking it from him.

  “Are you now?” The driver’s small,
sunken eyes went still smaller, more
sunken. A smirk broke across his face,
revealed two molar gaps. “It’s your un-
lucky day, Daffy.” His hand dived into
the same instrument-board pocket, came
out holding another melter. “I happen to
carry ’em in pairs. You fix my pants and
I’ll fix yours. That's fair, ain’t it?”

  “A pants-fixing performance would
interest several scientists more than
mightily,” assured Raven, “when done
with instruments effective only upon

STARTLING STORIES
I.

 r>+.
 i.

D+.
“Progress demands payment," Raven said. "War is the pries."

metals.” He smiled at the other’s sud-
den look of uncertainty, added, “I was
referring to the cab’s seat, of course.
You must be sort of rear-conscious.”

WITH that, he stuck the nozzle of the
midget auto-welder into a tear in the
rear seat's upholstery, squeezed the han-
dle.

  Nothing visible came from the melter,
though his hand gave a slight jolt. A
thin spurt of strong-smelling fumes shot
out of the plasticoid upholstery as some-
thing within it fused at high heat. Calm-
ly, Raven climbed into the cab, closed the
door behind him.

  “All right, on your way.” Leaning for-
ward, he put the melter back into its
pocket.

  The cabbie moped confusedly at his
controls while the antigrav machine
soared to five thousand feet and drifted
southward. His heavy brows waggled
from time to time with the effort of
striving to think it out.

  Ignoring him, Raven shoved an inves-
tigatory hand into the still-warm gap in
the upholstery, felt around, touched hot
metal, brought up a badly warped in-
strument no longer than a cigarette and
not as thick. It was gold-colored, had
stubby wings now curled and distorted
20	STARTLING STORIES

by heat. Its pointed front end carried a
lens half the size of a seed pearl. Its flat-
tened rear was pierced with seven nee-
dle-fine holes.

  He did not have to pull this contrap-
tion to pieces to discern what was in-
side. It was all there and he knew it was
there, the tiny engine, the guiding scan-
ner, the minuscule radio circuit that
could yell pip-pip for hours, the match-
head sized self-destroying charge—all in
a weight of something under three
ounces.

  Turning, Raven had a look through
the rear window. So many cabs, tour-
ers, sporters and official machines were
floating around on various levels that it
was quite impossible to decide whether
he was still being followed visually. No
matter. A mess of traffic effectively hid-
ing the hunters could also conceal the
•hunted.

  Tossing the winged cylinder into the
pocket occupied by the melters, he said
to the driver, “You can have that thing-
umbob for your very own. It contains
items worth some fifty credits.”

  “There’s ten owing for that hole in
the seat."

   "I’ll pay when I get out.”

  “Okay.” The other perked up slightly.
Taking the winged cylinder out of the
pocket, he fingered it curiously, put it
back. "Say, how did you know it was
there?”

  “It doesn’t bear thinking about.”
  “Huh?”

  "People who shoot dingbats through
cab doors should not think of what
they’re doing even if they are half a
mile away in no detectable direction.
Thoughts can be overheard, sometimes.”
He smiled at the back of the cabbie’s
neck. “Have you ever been able to do
anything without thinking about it?”
"Only once.” Holding up his left hand
he showed the stump of a thumb. “It
cost me this.”

  “Pity that mini-engineers aren’t also
true telepaths,” observed Raven, mostly
to himself.

  “Pity that whatzits aren’t whozita?”

inquired the pawn, twisting in his seat
and waggling his eyebrows again.

  "Take no notice. I was reciting.”

TN SILENCE they covered another for-
A ty miles, still at the same level. Sky-
traffic was thinning out as they got well
beyond the city limits.

  “Forgot to bring my mittens,” grum-
bled the cabbie. “Shouldn’t oughta for-
get my mittens. I’ll need them at the
South Pole.”

  “In that case we’ll call it a day part
way there,” Raven told him. “I’ll let you
know when.” He had another long look
through the rear window. “Meanwhile
you can get in some practice at shaking
off followers. Not that I can tell whether
we’ve got any, but maybe.”

  "Cutting the dog’s lead will cost you
fifty.” The cabbie eyed him via the rear-
view mirror. “And that includes a but-
toned trap, guaranteed unopenable.”
“You’ll open for them because you
won’t be able to help it.” Raven informed
darkly. “They have techniques involv-
ing compulsion and no cash.” He gave a
resigned sigh. “Oh. well, by that time it
won’t matter. It will be too late. Any-
way, the fifty is yours just for ducking
out.” He grabbed the seat-grips as the
cab swayed, darted sidewise, shot up
into a cloud. “You will have to do bet-
ter than this. You’re not radar-proof.”
“Gimme time. I ain’t got started yet.”
Lying back in his seat, Raven con-
tinued to hold the grips while the cabbie
performed. The fellow was good, his elu-
sive tactics indicative of the number of
uneasy characters he must have carried
in the past.

  Two hours later, when they thumped
the lawn behind a long, low house, noth-
ing was visible in the sky, except a high-
flying police patrol heading north. The
patrol bulleted onward, in complete dis-
regard of the sphere upon the lawn, and
whined out of sight.

  Solemnly Raven counted out the prom-
ised fifty.

  The woman within the long, low house
was a little too big, a little too generous-
THE STAR WATCHERS	21

ly proportioned and moved with the de-
liberation of those weighty above the
average. Her eyes were very big, wide
apart and blackly brilliant. Her mouth
was large, her ears likewise, her hair a
coal-black mop. Physically she was no
sylph, yet at one time or another twenty
suitors had pursued her and reacted to
her rejections with despair. The reason:
what burned within her shone visibly
through those great eyes and made her
surpassingly beautiful.

  Giving Raven a warm, big-fingered
hand, she exclaimed with her mind and
not with her voice, “David! Whatever
brings you here?”

  He responded in the same manner,
mentally, “Two birds.” He smiled into
the orbs that made her lovely. “The two
I hope to kill with one stone."

  “Kill? Did I sense you form that
dreadful word kill?” Her grip tightened
a little as anxiety came into her face.
“You have been talked into something.
I know it. I can feel it. You have been
persuaded to interfere.” Releasing his
hand, she seated herself on a pneumatic
lounge, gazed morbidly at the wall. “We
have always agreed that we must never
be tempted to interfere. It would not be
wise. It would frighten humankind.
Frightened people strike blindly at the
source of their fear. Besides, so long as
we are not guilty of interference they
may think us incapable of it.”

   “That is excellent logic, providing that
its premise is correct, and unfortunately
it isn’t." He sat down opposite, looking
at her. “Leina, we’ve slipped a little in
one respect, namely, that they’re
shrewder than we thought."

  “In what way?”

  “They got desperate enough to search
the world on the million-to-one ofFchance
of finding someone able to interfere—
and traced me."

  “Traced you?” Her alarm heightened.
“How did they manage that?”
“Genetically, through the records.
They must have classified and analyzed
some ten or twenty successive genera-
tions, wading through endless births,

marriages and deaths, knowing nothing
of what they were going to find, if any-
thing, but hoping for the best. My case
was a giveaway in the face of so pains-
taking a system as that.”

   “If they can do that with you they can
do it with others,” she commented un-
happily.

  “There seem to be no others, only we
two—and you’re exempt.”

  “Am I? How do you know that?”
“The sorting-out has already been
done," he told her. “In proof of which I
have been fingered. Since you have not
been similarly nailed down, I can only
conclude that they found you but ignored
you because you are female or, alterna-
tively, that you are concealed by benefit
of ancestors allergic to documents, such
as one or two healthy pirates.”

   “Thank you," she said, slightly miffed.
“The pleasure’s mine,” he assured her,
grinning.

T EANING forward, her eyes keened
into his. “David, what do they want
you to do? Tell me."

  In full detail he informed her what
had happened, finishing, “So far, the
Mars-Venus combine have been satisfied
merely to try crippling us by degrees—
the technique of long maintained and
gradually increasing pressure—knowing
that unless we can think up effective
counteraction something is going to
crack ultimately.”

   “It's no business of ours,” she decided.
“Let argumentative worlds fight it out
between themselves.”

  “That’s how I was tempted to view
it,” he admitted, “until I remembered
how history shows that one darned thing
leads to another. Look, Leina, it was
only a matter of time before Earth de-
cided it had had enough and must hit
back. That time appears to have arrived.
If Earth can’t strike with finesse, it will
strike without finesse, roughly and
toughly. Mars-Venus will promptly get
more riled than ever, decide it's time to
become really hard. Your own imagina-
tion can take it from there.”
22	STARTLING STORIES

  "It can,” she agreed without relish.
"Much as I dislike poking a finger into
human affairs,” he concluded, “I have an
even stronger distaste for the notion of
hiding under a mountain while the at-
mosphere flames and the world shudders
all around me. Carson thinks I can do
something about it single-handed.”

  “Oh, dear!” Her hands fidgeted. “Why
must people be so stubborn and idiotic?”
Then she added, “What do you wish me
to do for you, David?”

  “Look after my best suit.” He tapped
his chest meaningly. "It fits me perfect-
ly and it’s the only one I’ve got. I like it
and don’t want to lose it.”

  "David!" Her mental impulse was
sharp and immeasurably shocked. “Not
that! You can’t do that! Not without
permission. It is a fundamental viola-
tion. It isn’t ethical!”

  "Neither is war.”

 "But—”

  “Hush!” He raised a warning finger.
"They are coming for me already. It
didn’t take them long to find me.” He
glanced at the wall-clock. “Not quite
three hours. That’s what I call efficien-
cy.” His eyes moved back to hers. “Do
you sense their approach ?”

  She nodded and sat waiting in silence.
Presently the door-gongs clanged softly.
Standing up, she hesitated a moment,
glanced at the impassive Raven. He
responded with a careless shrug. She
went to the door, opened it. Her manner
was that of one deprived by circum-
stances of all initiative.

rv

   IVE MEN were grouped by a bullet-
shaped sportship some four hundred
yards from the house. Two more were
waiting on her doorstep. All were clad
in the black and silver uniform of Secu-
rity Police.

  The two at the door were burly, leath-
er-faced specimens alike enough to be
brothers. But they were different. The
mind of one probed at Leina's while the
other’s did not. One was a telepath; the

other something else. She countered the
telepath by snapping her own mind shut.
The groping mentality immediately
sensed the closure and recoiled.

  “Another 1M,” he told his companion.
“Just as well there’s a bunch of us, isn’t
it?” Without waiting for comment he
spoke to Leina vocally. “You can talk to
me of your own free will.” He paused to
enjoy a harsh chuckle, went on, “Or you
can talk to my friend involuntarily,
whichever you please. As you can see,
we are police.”

  She said tartly, “A police officer would
refer to another as his fellow officer and
not as his friend. Neither would he utter
implied threats right at the start.”

  The second man, who had remained
silent up to that point, now chipped in.
“Rather talk to me, eh?” His eyes gained
a strange light, grew larger. A hypno.

  “What do you want?” she asked the
first man.

  “Raven.”

  “So?”

  “He’s here,” he added, trying to peer
over her shoulder. “We know he’s here.”
“So?”

  “We’re taking him in for question-
ing.”

  Raven’s voice sounded from the room
at back. "It is most kind and thoughtful
of you, Leina, to try and detain the gen-
tlemen, but it is futile. Please come in.”
The invaders slowed up as they got
into the room, their expressions becom-
ing wary. They had small, blued-steel
guns in their hands, and they kept well
apart as if suspecting their quarry of the
ability to lay both of them at one swipe.

  Still sitting, and amused by their
alertness, David Raven said, “Ah, Mr.
Steen and Mr. Grayson.” He made no
attempt to stand, and the sight of their
ready weapons disturbed him not at all.
“A telepath and a hypno—with a bunch
of other skewboys waiting outside. I am
greatly honored.”

GRAYSON, the telepath, commented
to his companion, “Listen who’s
calling us skewboys.” Making an impa-
THE STAR WATCHERS

tient motion at Raven, he added, “All
right, brain-picker, pack your pemmi-
can and mush.”

  “To where?”

   “You’ll find out.”

  *fSo it seems," agreed Raven, dryly.
“The ultimate destination does not ap-
pear in your mind. I take it that you do
not enjoy the confidence of your supe-
riors.”

  “Neither do you,” Grayson retorted.
“Come on, now—we can’t stand here all
day.”

  “Oh, well.” Standing up, Raven
stretched himself. His gaze rested on
Steen, the hypno, as he inquired,
“What’s eating you, Baggy? Never
found anyone so fascinating before?”

  Steen responded, “I’m wondering
what all the excitement is about. You
haven’t got four arms and two heads.
What’s supposed to make you so mar-
velous?”

  “He isn’t so marvelous,” Grayson
chipped in impatiently. “Looks to me
like headquarters have got stirred up by
the usual exaggerated rumors. I know
what he’s got, and it isn’t so much.”

  Steen laughed mockingly.

  “You do?” asked Raven, looking at
him.

, “Yes, you’re merely a new breed of
telepath. You can read minds even while
keeping your own closed. You read mine
while yours remained shut to me. You
don’t have to open your own before you
can peer into others. It's a nice trick
and a useful one.” He sniffed his con-
tempt. “But as an interesting variation

23

it’s not big enough to worry two plan-
ets.”

  “Then what are you worrying about?"
Raven pressed. “Having learned the
worst you’ve learned the lot. Beat it and
leave me to ponder the sins of my
youth.”

  “We’ve been ordered to bring you in
for questioning. That is to say, in one
piece. So we’re bringing you.” Gray-
son's sniff was louder. “We’re dragging
back the tiger even though it smells to
me of kitten.”

  “I-eina, please fetch my hat and little
brown bag.” Raven threw a wink to
where she stood in the doorway.

  “No you don't,” Grayson rasped at
her. “You stay put.” He turned back to
Raven. “Go fetch them yourself.” Then
to Steen, “You go with him. I’ll keep an
eye on the large lady.”

  The pair walked stolidly into the ad-
joining room, Raven leading, Steen close
behind. Grayson squatted on one arm of
a pneumaseat, rested his gun-hand on
his knees, eyed Leina speculatively.

  “Unload your dogs, Plentiful, you’re
no shapely statue.”

  She flushed a little, sat down.

  Grayson continued, “I can’t tell what's
in your mind. Another oyster, aren’t
you? Anyway, if you're hoping he’ll
manage to pull a fast one on Steen, you
can save your brain the strain of
thought.”

  Offering no comment, she continued to
gaze at the wall.

  “Any telepath can outwit and out-

[Turn page]

RELIEVES* HEADACHE

•	NEURALGIA ry

•	NEURITIS PAIN fri

Here's Why...

Anacin® li like a doctor'! pre-
•eriptlon. Thot is, Anacln con*
fains not one but a combina-
tion of medically proved

active Ingredients. Anacin is
specially compounded to give
FAST, LONG LASTING relief.
Don't wait. Buy Anacln today.
24	STARTLING STORIES

maneuver any hypno at a distance be-
cause he can read intentions and has
space in which to get out from under.”
Grayson gave it the authority of person-
al experience. “But close up he hasn’t
the chance of a celluloid cat. The hypno
is the winnah every time.”

  She did not respond. Her face was
strained as she strove to listen through
and beyond his talk. Grayson made a
sudden and vicious thrust at her mind,
hoping to catch it unaware, and struck
nothing but impenetrable blankness. A
faint scuffle sounded in the other room,
followed by the merest whisper of a
gasp.

  Grayson came erect, looking like one
who has not heard something that he
should have heard. “Besides, there’s me
here with this gun and there’s a mighty
tough bunch outside.” He glanced at the
door of the other room. “All the same,
they’re slow in there.”

OOMETHING about her face, or her
^ eyes, or the tone of her voice aroused
his suppressed suspicions. “On your
feet, Buxom. Walk in there slowly, two
paces ahead of me. We’ll see what’s
keeping them.”

  Leina got up, bracing herself a mo-
ment on the arm of the pneumaseat. Re-
luctantly she turned to face the door, her
eyes lowered as if to delay the vision of
what lay behind the door or of what
might at any moment walk through it.

  Steen came through it, rubbing his
chin and grinning wryly. He was alone.

  "He tried to be funny,” announced
Steen, addressing Grayson and point-
edly ignoring Leina. “Result: he’s stiffer
than a tombstone. We’ll need a long
board to carry him out.”

  “Hah!” Grayson relaxed, let the gun
droop as the other continued toward
him. Triumphantly, he said to Leina,
“What did I tell you? He was a dope to
try it close up.”

  “Yes,” agreed Steen, coming nearer,
nearer. “He was a dope.” He stopped
face to face with Grayson, looking
straight at him, gaze level with gaze.

“Not a chance, close up!” His eyes were
brilliant and very large.

  Grayson’s fingers twitched, loosened.
The gun dropped, thumped upon the car-
pet. His mouth opened and shut. Faint
words came out, uttered with difficulty.

  “Steen . . . what the heck . . . are you
. . . doing?”

  “Raven’s not here.”

  “Raven’s not here,” mumbled Gray-
son in mechanical tones, his mind over-
whelmed.

  “We have seen nothing of him. We
were too late.”

  Grayson repeated it like an automa-
ton.

  “Too late by forty minutes,” the over-
powering voice of Steen insisted.

  “Too late by forty minutes,” agreed
Grayson.

  “He took off in a gold-colored, twenty-
tube racing craft, number XB109, the
property of the World Council.”
Grayson got it off pat, word for word.
He had the rigid pose and blank, inane
expression of a waxy one gathering dust
in a tailor’s window.

  “Destination unknown.”

  That, too, was parroted.

  “There is nobody in this villa but a
fat woman, an I.M. of no consequence.”
“There is nobody,” mumbled Grayson,
glassy-eyed, half-blind, half-deaf and
mentally enslaved. “There is nobody ...
nobody ... but a fat woman of no conse-
quence.”

  Steen said, “Pick up your gun. Let’s
go outside and report.”

  He pushed past the fat woman of no
consequence, Grayson following sheep-
like. Neither favored Leina with so
much as a glance. Her own eyes were
on Steen, studying his face, reaching for
what lay behind the mask.

  She closed the door, sighed and wrung
her hands in the manner of women since
the beginning of time. There were stum-
bling sounds behind her. Turning, she
faced the figure of David Raven swaying
uncertainly two yards away.

  The figure was bent forward, hands
over its face, rubbing its features as
THE STAR WATCHERS	25

though not sure on which side of its head
they were placed. The body sagged a
moment, straightened. The hands came
away, revealing a tormented counte-
nance and eyes terribly shocked.

  “Mine,” croaked Raven's voice. "He
snatched away that which is mine and
mine alone!”

  He paused, staring at her, then he
moved forward, arms outstretched, fin-
gers crooked.

  “You knew about this. You knew
about it and helped.” His fingers trem-
bled as they reached for her neck while
she stood unmoving, impassive. The
hands touched her neck, closed around.
She made no move to resist.

  For almost a minute he held her like
that. Finally he let go of her, backed
away hurriedly with shock added to
shock. He found his voice again.

  “Oh, heavens above, you too?"

  “Of course. That was the bond be-
tween us." She watched him sit down
and again start feeling for bis face.
After a while, she said, “There is a law
as strong and as fundamental as that of
survival. It says: ‘1 am Me—I cannot be
Not-Me.' So unless—"

  “Unless?" His hands came away fast
as he looked up startled.

  “Unless you play it our way," she in-
formed. “If you do, then what has been
done can be undone.”

  “What do you want of me?” He was
upright now, a gleam of hope showing.

  “Implicit obedience."

  “You shall have it," he promised.

V

H ALLER, boss of the waiting bunch,
was a thin-boned individual, six feet tall,
Martian-born, and a 3M—a pyrotic.
Leaning against the tail of his ship, he
fiddled with a silver button on the jacket
of his phony police uniform and regis-
tered disappointment as Steen and Gray-
son came up.

  “Welir

  “No luck,” said Steen.

  “You mean he'd already gone?"

  “Of course."

  Haller pushed away from the wall,
let go the button, picked his teeth in-
stead. “I guess it was to be expected.
The way he lit out from the Bureau
showed he was leery and in a rush.
How long has he been gone?”

  “Forty minutes," informed Steen.
“He had three hours’ start, so that
means we're catching up. Where's he
making for?"

  “That,” said Steen, “is something he
omitted to divulge to the generous
helping of femme he left in the house.
All she knows is that he came in a
taxi, grabbed some stuff he'd dumped
here and shot off in an XB109.”

  “A female in the house,” echoed
Haller. “What’s her place in his life?"
“Ha!” said Steen, smirking
“I see,” declared Haller, not seeing
at all. His gaze wandered to the silent,
dummy like Grayson and lingered there.
Half a minute later a frown corrugated
his forehead as he asked, “What the
devil is afflicting you?”

  “Eh?” Grayson blinked uncertainly.
“Me?"

  “You’re a 1M and supposed to be
able to read my mind although I can't
read yours. I've just asked you ten
times, mentally, whether you've got a
bellyache, and you’ve reacted as if
thought is a phenomenon confined to
some place the other side of Jupiter.
What’s up with you? To look at you,
one would imagine you were suffering
from an overdose of hypno.”

  “An overdose of his own medicine,"
Steen put in. “He tangled with the lady
who happened to be another 1M. How’d
you like to be nagged to death tele-
pathically as well as vocally?"

  “Heaven forbid!” said Haller, his
suspicions lulled. He added, “Let’s take
steps. That Raven guy isn’t giving us
any time to waste."

  He climbed into the ship, the others
following. While the lock closed and
the tubes warmed, he dug out his inter-
planetary register, thumbed its pages,
found the item he was seeking.
26	STARTLING STORIES

  "Here it is. XB109 — Berilligilt-
coated, single-seater with twenty tubes.
Earth-mass, three hundred tons; max
range, half a million. Described as a
World Council courier-boat, bearing
police and customs exemption. H’m!
that makes it awkward to intercept
openly with snoopers around.”
"Assuming we ever find it,” offered
Steen.

/CONFIDENTLY HALLER asserted,
"We’ll get our cross-hairs dead on
it. That half million range is a comfort.
It ties him down to Earth or Moon.”
He consulted a coded list of radio
channels correlated with times. Three-
thirty : channel nine. Pressing the
appropriate stud, he spoke into a hand
microphone. What he said went out in
pulses, scrambled, and was much too
brief to permit detection and unsorting
by any eavesdropper.

  “Combine call. Haller to Dean.”
"Come in, Haller,” responded the
loudspeaker, thinly.

  “Find XB109.”

  “XB109. Stand Jay.”

  Turning the pilot’s seat sidewise,
Haller sat in it, lit a Venusian cheroot
fifteen inches long. He put his feet up
on the desk, eyed the loudspeaker-
It said, “XB109. Not listed in to-
day’s departures. Not shown on any
of today’s police observation reports.
Stand by."

  "Queer,” remarked Haller, taking a
long suck and blowing a lopsided
smoke-ring. “He couldn’t lift it today
without getting it marked airborne.”
"Maybe he took it yesterday or the
day before and parked it here,” Steen
suggested. Carefully he closed the door
of the pilot’s cabin, made sure that it
was firmly shut. He sat on the edge of
the desk, alongside Haller’s feet, and
waited for the next. It came after ten
minutes.

  “Dean to Haller. XB109, in charge of
Courier Joseph McArd, at Dome City,
Luna, refueling for return. Closing
channel.”

  “Impossible!" Haller ejaculated,
“/m-possible!” He stood up, bit off an
inch of cheroot, spat it on the floor-
“Somebody’s lying.” His eyes came
level with Steen’s and promptly he
added, “You?”

  “Me?” With a pained expression,
Steen also stood up. He was almost
chest to chest with the other.

  "Either that or the dame gave you a
cockeyed number and Grayson was too
dopy to detect it in her mind.”

  “How could Grayson penetrate a
mind as flat and blank as a mortuary
slab?” inquired Steen.

  “He could have told you he was sty-
mied and let you take her over. Where’s
the point of you going around in pairs
if you’re too dumb to co-operate?”
“Not dumb,” denied Steen.
“Somebody’s nursing a month-old
mackerel,” Haller insisted irritably. “I
can smell it. There’s something stinky
around. Maybe that dame stuffed it
up Grayson’s vest. He’s got the stupe-
fied expression of someone whose best
friends have just told him. That’s not
like Grayson. Go get him. I want to
give him a going-over.”

  “I don’t think we need Grayson,”
said Steen, very softly. “This is just
between us two ”

  “Is it?” Haller’s self-command and
lack of surprise revealed him as a hard
character. “I’d a notion it was you
who lied, Steen. I don’t know what’s
come over you, but you’d better not let
it go too far.”

  “No?”

  ,,lNo! You're a 7M, but what of it?
I can burn away your insides some
three or four seconds before you can
paralyze mine. Moreover, paralysis
wears off after a few hours, whereas
charring doesn’t. It’s decidedly per-
manent.”

  “I know, I know. That is power,
pyrotic power.” Steen gestured and his
hand touched Hallers, casually, al-
most accidentally. The hand stuck.
Haller tried to pull his own away,
found he couldn’t. The two hands ad-
THE STAR

hered at point of contact, like flesh
united to flesh, and something was
happening at the junction, through the
junction. "This, too, is power,” said
Steen.

F

VI

   AR beneath the innocuous pile of
warehouses belonging to the Tran-
spatial Trading Company there existed
a miniature city which, to all intents
and purposes, was not part of Earth
though situated upon it.

  Here were the field headquarters of
the Mars-Venus underground move-
ment, its center, its very heart. A thou-
sand beings came and went along cool,
lengthy passages and through great
cellars, a hand-picked thousand none
of whom were men as others are men.

  In one cellar worked a dozen slim-
fingered oldsters whose eyes were not
eyes, but something else, something too
short-focused to photograph clearly

WATCHERS	27

anything more than three or four
inches from the tip of the nose- Yet
they were visual organs that within
their limits could count the angels
dancing on the point of a pin. Mini-
engineers, those, who thought nothing
of building a seven-year radium chro-
nometer minute enough to serve as the
center jewel in a seven-stone ring.

  In an adjacent cellar were beings
of a different kind, pranksters continu-
ally testing their powers on one another
with results that produced the craziest
results.

  “Silverstone, you’re wanted at once
down in the signals room. Come on, put
a move on."

  “I’m moving, aren’t I? I’m going to
get me a telepath.”

  A deep sigh. “That’s done it! If you
first want my mind read, I give in.” A
swift change of features, altering them
out of all resemblance. “There you are.
I’m Peters.’’

[Turn page]

A DIME BUYS A DOLLAR’S WORTH
OF SHAVING PLEASURE!

                             BLUE STAR Blades are Sharper,
                             Longer-Lasting because they are
                             ground and honed in oil.

                                             No other blade gives you so much
                                             for so little! Try a Blue Star Blade
                                             on hard-to-shave spots. See how
                                             smoothly, easily it takes off the
                                             toughest whiskers. For better
                                             shaving at a real saving, get Blue
                                             Star Blades today.

 ALSO IN
 HANDY
 DISPENSER
 10 for 30<

VttClSION ]

'Blue A STAR

 SINGLE EDGE

 RAZOR BLADES

fROOUCfS

 AMERICAN SAFETY RAZOR CORP., BROOKLYN 1, N.^
28	STARTLING STORIES

  An equally swift and precisely simi-
lar change on the part of the other.
“That’s funny, so am I!”

  Two hollow laughs. As alike as twins
they sit down and play cards, each
surreptitiously watching the other for
a moment when a face would forget-
fully relax and betray its owner's true
identity.

  Two more enter, intent on making it
a foursome. One registers a moment of
intense mental strain, floats clean over
the table and takes a chair on the other
side. The second glares at a nearer
chair which trembles, hesitates, then
places itself under him as if shifted by
invisible hands.

  The second entrant makes his cards
leap straight into his ready fingers,
grunts as he studies them, says com-
plainingly, “If you two dummies have
just got to be Peters, let us have differ-
ent smells so’s we'll know who from
which.” Another grunt. “I pass.”
Grayson came into his subterranean
menagerie with his mind closed against
all intrusions, his eyes alert, suspicious,
his manner jumpy. He was in a hurry
and had the air of one with reason to
fear his own shadow.

AT THE END of a long passage,
where it terminated in a heavy
steel door, Grayson came face to face
with a hypno guard who said, “No
further, chum! This is where the boss
lives.”

  "Yes, I know. I want to see Kayder.”
“Is it urgent and important?”
“Would I bother him if it wasn’t?”
Grayson stared back along the passage,
made an impatient gesture. “Tell him
he’d better hear me before all this
blows up under us.”

  The other eyed him speculatively a
moment, as if tempted to put him under
the influence and see whether it pro-
duced comments more sensible, but
something in Grayson’s bothered fea-
tures made him change his mind.
Shrugging, he opened a mike trap in
the door, spoke into it.

  “Chief, Grayson, of Haller’s crew, is
here. Says it’s hot and won’t keep.”
A voice came back. "I’ll give him two
minutes.”

  The guard whispered to Grayson, "It
had better be good, he’s not full of love
today,” and opened the door.

  A squat, broad-shouldered man with
heavily underslung jaw, Kayder was
of Venusian birth and probably the
only Type Eleven located on Earth. He
could converse in low, almost unbear-
able chirrups with nine species of Ve-
nusian bugs, four of them highly poi-
sonous and willing to perform deadly
services for friends. Kayder, therefore,
enjoyed all the redoubtable power of
one with a personal army too vast to
destroy.

  “Well?” he snapped,’ glancing up
from papers on the bureau. “What is
it?”

  “You dug up something about this
David Raven and ordered that he be
brought in.”

  “I did. I don’t know what he’s got,
but it’s alleged to be good. Where have
you put him?”

  “Nowhere. He got away.”

  “Not for long,” assured Kayder con-
fidently. “I know he is hell-bent for
a hideout some place. It will take a
little while to dig him out.” He waved
a hand in dismissal. “Keep on the
trail.”

  “He wouldn’t stay in a hideout long,”
Grayson pointed out. ‘^He might go
there for something he needed, but he’d
soon be away and jumping around.
What good could he do, squatting in
a hideout?”

  “He could let the hue and cry go
past and emerge in his own sweet time.
That would be his best technique as one
against a crowd—to tackle us in times
and places of his own choosing. We
musn’t give him any chance to do that.”
“I’ve already told you,” said Gray-
son, “that he’s been trapped. He was
flat on his belly with his tongue hang-
ing out and his sides heaving. A fox
right at the last lap. And he got away*
THE STAR WATCHERS	29

  Kayder rocked back on the hind legs
of his chair. “Mean to say you actually
had him? You let him slip? How was
that?”

  “I don’t know." Grayson was badly
worried. “That’s why I’ve come to see
you.”

  “Be more specific. What happened ?”

   “We got into his hiding-place. I made
a pass at his mind and got a complete
blank. It was like feeling around in a
vacuum. There was a woman in the
house and she was equally resistant.
True telepaths, both of them.”

  “So what? Any average hypno could
easily—”

  “Steen was with me, as good a hypno
as any we’ve got. Raven made a fool
of him."

  “Go on, man! Don't stand there en-
joying dramatic pauses!”

  “Steen gave me the treatment," con-
tinued Grayson hurriedly and mor-
bidly. “He caught me on one leg and
made me marble-minded. He made me
go back to the ship and confirm that
we’d seen nothing of Raven. Then he
went into Haller’s cabin.”

  “What occurred after that?” Kay-
der’s eyes were like icicles.

  A small spidery thing scuttled up
the leg of his pants. Lowering a casual
hand, he got it, helped it onto the
bureau. It was thin and bright green,
with eight crimson pin-heads for op-
tics.

   Distastefully watching this creature,
Grayson said, “A few hours later my
wits drifted back. By then, Haller was
nuts and Steen had disappeared.”

  “You say Haller was nuts?”

  “Yes, he was babbling. Seemed as if
his brain had been twisted right
round.”

  “Haller’s a pyrotic,” Kayder ob-
served- “You are a telepath. Did you
overlook those facts? Were you too
stupefied by events to remember
them?"

  “I was not. I took a look inside his
Skull.”

  “And what did you find?"

  “It was mussed up something awful.
His think-stuff was like freshly stirred
porridge. He was nursing long chains
of pseudo-logic and working through
them like prayer beads. Batty. More
than ripe for cushioned walls."

  “Bad overdose of hypno,” diagnosed
Kayder. “Haller must have had hypno-
allergy. There’s no way of telling that
until a victim goes loopy. Probably his
condition will be permanent.”

  “Maybe it was accidental. Steen
wouldn’t know Haller was susceptible.
I like to think so.”

  “That’s because you hate to think a
pal of yours could or would turn on
his friends and get them squinting down
their own spines. It’s treachery!"

  “I don’t think so. Raven’s got some-
thing to do with this,” insisted Gray-
son, doggedly- “Steen wouldn’t do the
dirty on us without good reason."

44AF COURSE, he wouldn’t,” agreed
'J Kayder, his features sardonic.
He threw several tiny, almost unbear-
able chirrups at the green spider-thing.
It did a bizarre little dance that might
have meant something.

  Kayder continued, “Every guy has a
reason, good, bad or indifferent. I can
make a shrewd guess at what’s wrong
with Steen. He's a low-priced man and
Raven found it out.”

  “Even if he’s the sort to be bought
over, which I doubt, how' could he be?
He made no contacts.”

  “He was alone with Raven, wasn't
he?”

  “Yes," admitted Grayson. “For less
than a couple of minutes, and in the
adjoining room with me still listening
in. Raven’s mind remained blank.
Steen’s mind said Raven turned casu-
ally to face him as if about to say
something. Raven touched him—and
Steen’s mind promptly went blank too.
A hypno can’t shut off like a telepath
—but he did!”

“Ah!" said Kayder, watching him.
“That hit me immediately. It was
mighty queer. I got up to see what had
30	STARTLING STORIES

happened. Then Steen reappeared. I
was so relieved that I failed to notice
he was still blank. Before I could catch
on to that fact, he had me where he
wanted me. You don’t expect an ally
to suddenly thump you on the dome.”
"Naturally,” endorsed Kayder. He
chirruped again at the spider, which
obediently moved aside while he
reached for his desk mike. “We’ll make
it a double hunt. We’ll have Steen
dragged in for examination just as soon
as we can lay- hands on him.”

  "You’re forgetting something,” Gray-
son offered. “I’m here.”

  Kayder frowned. “What of it?”

  “I couldn’t get here without knowing
how and where.” He paused to let it
sink in. “Steen knows, too.”

  “Meaning you think we’re due for a
raid?”

  “Yes.”

  “I doubt it,” said Kayder, calmly
pondering the point. “If Terran coun-
terforces had learned of this center and
decided to put it out of business, they’d
have moved mighty fast. We’d have had
our raid hours back.”

  "What’s to stop them biding their
time while they make suitable prep-
arations, then blowing us sky-high?”
“You’re nervy. There are several
things to stop them. First, they’d have
to work unsuspected and undetected by
us. Second, a blowup would wipe out
a known center, leaving them in due
time to seek its replacement some place
else.”

  “I suppose so.” Grayson was moody,
uncertain.

  “Third, they’ve no publicly satisfac-
tory excuse for becoming hard. Offi-
cially we’re Terrans. Officially there’s
no war. We’re here on legitimate busi-
ness and can prove it. That gets the
Terrans all tied up in a mess of their
own contradictions. Until they’ll admit
what they don’t want to admit, we’ve
got 'em where we want ’em.”

  “I hope you’re right.”

  "You bet I’m right. The Terrans
are bogged knee-deep. Heads we win,

tails they lose. We’re betting on a sure
thing”

  “Evidently Steen doesn’t see it that
way,” said Grayson pointedly.

  “Some people can’t see further than
a fat wad, providing it’s fat enough.
I could go blind myself for what’s in
the national treasury.” Kayder sniffed
his contempt of those who put their
own price too low. He switched his
mike, activating it. “D727 Hypno Steen
has gone bad on us. Get him at all
costs and get him fast!”

  Muffled by the heavy door, an out-
side loudspeaker echoed, "D727 Hypno
Steen.” Then another, farther away,
“D727 Hypno Steen ... get him fast!”

VII

MjEINA sensed Raven’s returning.
She looked out the window, saw him
entering the path. Reaching a decision,
she drew away from the curtains.
"He’s back. I didn’t expect him so soon.
Something must have gone wrong.”
She opened the door to the adjoining
room. “I can’t stay and watch. I just
can’t!”

  “Don’t leave me alone with him. I’ll
try to kill him, even though he kills
me. I'll—”

  “You’ll do nothing. Would you kill
your own self? That would be a stupid
way to solve your predicament!” She
paused, hearing a mental voice call,
“Leina!” but not answering. “Remem-
ber: implicit obedience.’’

  She went through, closed the door
firmly, deliberately. Finding a chair,
she seated herself primly erect. Her
air was that of a schoolmarm about to
witness inexcusable vulgarity.

  Someone entered the other room, his
mind reaching through the wall, gently
nudging her. “It’s all right, Leina, you
can come out very soon.” Then, vocally
to the other, "You ready to get back?”
A whisper. “Yes. Oh, heavens, yes!”
“Here, then!”

  Leina covered her eyes, though there
was nothing visible to hide. A few swift
THE STAR

little gasps and one small sob came
from the next room. They were fol-
lowed by deep and thankful breathing.
She stood up, taut-faced, and went to
the door.

  “David, I warned you that you
shouldn’t”

  “Was there any other way out you
would rather I had taken?” She looked
at Steen, who lay, limp and pale, on
a pneumatic settee. Moving toward the
settee, Raven said, “I took your body,
Steen. Even though you are an enemy,
I apologize for that. It is not proper
to usurp the persons of the living.”
“The living?" Steen went two shades
whiter as he put emphasis on the word.
His mind was in a turmoil. “You
mean—?"

  “Jump to no conclusions,” advised
Raven, seeing the other’s thoughts as
clearly as a page of print.

  “David,” put in Leina, eyeing the
window, “what if they come back in
greater strength and better prepared ?”
“They’ll come,” he stated, "but not
just yet.” He resumed with Steen.
“They’re scouring the world for me,
attributing to me an importance I don’t
possess. Somebody must have given
them information to make them so ex-
cited. Do you know who gave it?”
“No.”

  He accepted that without hesitation.
“They’re hunting for you as well.”
“Me?” Steen sat up, trying hard to
pull himself together.

  “Yes. I made a bitter mistake. I
blundered badly by trying to take over
your vessel’s commander. He was some-
thing more than a standard pyrotic.
He had intuitive perceptiveness like
a rudimentary form of ESP. It en-
abled him to see or sense or estimate
things that he is not entitled to know.”

RAVEN glanced sidewise as Leina
put a hand to her throat.

  “I didn’t expect that. It caught me
by surprise,” he went on. “There’s the
beginning of a Type Thirteen, a pyrotic
with ESP. Probably he doesn’t realize

[Turn vaae]

WATCHERS	31

How to buy
    better work ciofes

Get long wear from the tough materials and
rugged sewing that go into Blue Bell work
dothes. Blue Bell dungarees are cut full so
they don’t bind. They’re Sanforized, and
keep their roomy, comfortable fit as long as
you wear them. Reinforced with no-scratch
copper rivets. Plenty of pockets.

    Blue Bell Sanforized chambray shirts are
  cut to body contour for comfort, and topped
  by a dress-type collar for good looks. For out-
  standing value in all kinds of work clothes,
  look for the Blue Bell Qualitag, which
  guarantees you the best made, best fitting work
  clothes you can buy—or .your money back/

  BLUE Bill, Inc., Empire Stole BWg„ New York 1
  WORLO't LARGCST PRODUCER Of WOtK ClOTIItS
32	STARTLING STORIES

it himself. He made a frantic snatch
at what he thought the only form of
self-preservation available by making
himself useless to me."

  “Meaning?” inquired Steen.

  “It was instinctive reaction,” Raven
continued.

  “What’s wrong with Haller?” Steen
persisted.

  “He’s whirly,” said Raven. “They
blame you for that.”

  “Why pick on me? How could I—”
“Let’s put it another way—your body
is blamed ”

  “My body?” echoed Steen, slightly
fuddled. “But it wasn't me!"

  “Try convincing them of that.”
“They’ll put a telepath on me. He’ll
read the truth. I can’t feed him lies.
It’s impossible.”

  “Nothing is impossible. The word
ought to be expunged from the lan-
guage. You could lie all the way from
here to Aldebaran if you’d first been
conditioned by a hypno more powerful
than yourself.”

  “They wouldn’t kill me for that,”
mused Steen, openly troubled. “But
they’d plant me some place safe and
for keeps. I’d rather be dead.”

  Raven chuckled. “You mightn’t know
it, but you’ve got something there.”
“You’re in a sweet position to con-
sider it funny,” Steen snapped back.
“Who could put you in storage when
within five minutes you could confiscate
a guard and walk out on his legs? Why,
you could even carry on from there,
go grab the right official and sign an
order for your own release. You could
. . . you could—” His voice trailed off.

  “Beginning to think of us as on the
winning side, eh?” Raven shifted his
aim to Leina. “Maybe it’s just as well
that I did take him over.”

  “I say it’s wrong,” she responded
firmly. “Always has been, always will
be.”

  “I agree with you in principle. Prac-
tice is something different. Necessity
knows no law. Now and again the end
justifies the means.” He returned to

Steen. “Look, I’ve not come back for
the fun of it. I've a reason, and it
concerns you.”

  “In what way?”

  “First of all, are you now willing to
play on our side or do you insist on
sticking to your own?”

  “After this experience,” explained
Steen, fidgeting uneasily, “I feel that
changing sides would be the sensible
thing. But I can’t do it.” He shook
a positive head.

  “So you remain anti-Terran?”

  “No.” He shuffled his feet around,
avoided the other’s gaze. “I won’t be
anti-Martian or anti-Venusian to please
you or anyone else. It goes against the
grain. At the same time, I feel that
this anti-Terran business is stupid. All
I want is to get home, sit tight and be
neutral.”

  "You may have a rough time, trying to
sit on the fence,” Raven observed.
“When parochial hysterics look around
for easy marks on whom to vent their
spite they usually choose a neutral.”

  “I’ll take my chance on that.”

  “Have it your own way.” Raven nod-
ded toward the door. "There’s your road
out. The price of freedom is one item of
information.”

  “What do you want to know ?”

  “Some high-up Terran blatted about
me and shoved the news out mighty fast.
Someone on our side is a stinker. You've
already said you don’t know who it is.
Who d’you think is likely to know?”
"Kayder,” said Steen, mostly because
he could not refuse.

  “Who’s he? Where does he live?”

THAT was easier, not too dangerous.
“Where does he live?” It enabled
him to picture Kayder and his private
residence and at the same time to sup-
press all thoughts of the underground
center.

  "What’s his special talent, if any?”
Raven asked, after reading the previous
answers.

  "I’m not certain of that. I've heard it
said he’s a bug-talker.”
THE STAR

  “That will do me." He jerked an in-
viting thumb toward the door. “Out you
go, and the best of luck.”

  “I'll need it,” Steen admitted. Pausing
on the outer step, he added, “And I hope
I'll never see either of you again."

  “Notice that?” Leina became nervous
once more. “A helicopter coming
down!” She had a quick and wary look
herself. “Falling fast. David, you talked
too much and stayed here too long. What
are you going to do now?”

  He smiled at her. “It seems a woman
remains a woman come hell or high wa-
ter.”

  “What d’you mean?"

“When you get jumpy, you slide right
off the band, or close your receptive cir-
cuits or something. It’s always best to
keep calm. Not everyone is an enemy.”
“What are you talking about, David ?”
“Listen!" he ordered.

  Mastering her emotions, she let her
mind reach out. Now that her full atten-
tion was turned that way she could de-
tect the overhead jumble of thoughts.
There were four personalities in the on-
coming machine, their mental impulses
growing stronger every second and mak-
ing no attempt to blank out. Pawn-
minds, all of them.

“House looks quiet. Who’s that turn-
ing out of the path and into the road ?”
“Dunno, but it isn’t him—too short
and lumpy.” Pause. “Anyway, Carson
said there’d be an outsize Venus here.
We can talk to her if we can’t find him.”
“Hear that?" invited Raven. “You’ve
got an unsuspected admirer—Carson.”
“Never met him. You must have been
telling him things.” She watched the
window, continuing to listen. The eerie
mind-voices seemed just over the roof.

  Dangling from twin circles of light,
the thing lowered past the window,
pressed its balloon tires into a bed of
marigolds. Four men got out, one lean-
ing against the fuselage, three heading
for the house. All were in plain clothes.

  Meeting them at the door, Raven
asked, “What’s this? Something ur-
gent?”

WATCHERS	33

  “I wouldn’t know about that.” The
leader eyed him up and down. “Yes,
you're Raven all right. Carson wants to
talk to you.” He motioned toward the
waiting machine. “We came in this
drifter because it carries a security
beam. You can speak to him direct from
there.”

  “All right.”

  “If you'd had a telephone at this
place,” continued the other, accompany-
ing him toward the helicopter, “he could
have called you without this trouble."
Thinking again, he added, “No, I guess
he wouldn't. Carson doesn't like snoop-
ers.”

  “He shouldn’t, being who he is,"
agreed Raven. Climbing into the ma-
chine, he settled in its cubbyhole, al-
lowed the other to switch the beam for
him.

TJRESENTLY, the screen livened,
*- glowed, and Carson’s features came
into it.

  “That was quick,” he approved. “I've
got ten patrols out for you and thought
it might take them a week. Searching a
world for one man on the loose is a deal
tougher than it sounds. What has hap-
pened, if anything?”

  “Not much,” Raven informed. “The
opposition has made two fast passes at
me. I’ve made two at them. Nobody has
won a battle."

  Carson frowned. “That’s your end of
the poker. Ours is less comfortable. In
fact it's white hot.”

  “In what way?”

  “The Dexter United plant went sky-
high this ayem. We’re keeping the news
off the spectroscreens as long as we can."

  His hands involuntarily tightening,
Raven said, “Dexter’s is a big place, isn’t
it?”

  “Big?” Carson took a deep breath.
“The overnight shift, which is their
smallest, was just ending. That cut
down the casualties to four thousand."

  “Great heavens!"

  “It has the superficial appearance of
an accident," Carson went on, his tones
34

STARTLING STORIES

harsh. “Which means a heck of a lot be-
cause every incident is an accident so far
as we can tell. We can’t tell otherwise
until a few traps get sprung.”

   “Weren’t there any in this case?"
"Plenty. Ninety-five per cent of them
were blown to kingdom come. The few
remaining were too damaged to function
or recorded nothing suspicious.”

  “No survivors?” Raven inquired.
“Not exactly. There were eyewitness-
es. You could hardly call them survivors
since the nearest of them was a mile
from the plant. They say there was a
sharp tremor in the ground, a tremen-
dous whump and the entire outfit rained
around.”

  Raven said gravely, “According to
what you first told me, the opposition’s
technique has been one of crafty but ef-
fective sabotage carried out without
spectacular loss of life. If this is another
of their jobs, it means a considerable
change of sentiment resulting in
changed tactics. From now on, life’s go-
ing to be cheap.”

  “That is what we fear,” endorsed Car-
son.

  Nodding agreement, Raven glanced
out of the cubbyhole. “Why call me? Is
there a plan you want me to use?”

  “No,” said Carson. “What you do is
entirely up to you. I’ve given you the in-
formation, let you see what it may
mean.” He emitted a sigh, rubbed his
forehead wearily. “Real misfortunes do
occur from time to time even in the best
regulated communities. Without evi-
dence of some convincing sort, we’ve no
way of telling a real one from a manu-
factured one.”

  “You want me to drop everything and
look into this?”

   Carson’s features sharpened. “I don’t.
Ending this senseless dispute somehow
—if it can be ended—is more important
than coping, one at artime, with its inci-
dents. I’d rather you went right ahead
with whatever you’ve planned; but I
also want you to use any opportunity to
dig up data on this blast.”

   “All right. I’ll keep my eyes open and

my ears perked. You’ll get anything I
happen to find.” Regarding the other
speculatively, Raven added, “Just what
was this Dexter plant doing, anyway?”
“You would ask me that!”
“Something secret that I shouldn’t be
told?”

  “Well .. He hesitated, went on, “I
know of no satisfactory reason why you
shouldn’t be told. Dexter’s were within
two months of completing a battery of
one dozen new-type engines employing
an equally new and revolutionary fuel.
A small pilot model, under auto-control,
did a return trip to the Asteroid Belt end
of last year. Nothing’s been said to the
public—yet.”

  “Meaning we’re getting set for the
big jump?” asked Raven.

  “We were.” Carson displayed a touch
of bitterness. “Four triple-engined jobs
were going to be aimed at the Jovian
system. Moreover, that was to be a try-
out, a mere jaunt, only the beginning.
If they made it without trouble—” He
let his voice die out.

  “The others? On to Pluto?”

CARSON repeated, “A jaunt.”

“Alpha Centauri ?”

  “Maybe further than that. It’s much
too early to estimate the limit, but it’s
far away, very far.” His attention set-
tled on Raven’s features. “You don’t
look particularly excited about it.”

  “I'm not. It doesn't stir me in the
least.” Offering no reason for his phleg-
matism, he continued, “There’s a skew-
boy around here, a Venusian named
Kayder. He operates the Morning Star
Trading Company. I’m going to chase
him up.”

  “Kayder,” repeated Carson, making
notes on a pad not in view. “I’ll check
with Intelligence. Even though he’s le-
gally Terran, they’ll have him on file as
a native-born Venusian.” He finished
scribbling, looked up. “All right. Make
use of that copter if you need it. Any-
thing else you want?”

   “One fertile asteroid,” Raven suggest-
ed. “For my very own.”
THE STAR WATCHERS	35

  "When we’ve taken over a few hun-
dreds of them, I’ll reserve one for you,”
promised Carson without smiling. “At
the rate we’re going it’ll be ready for oc-
cupation a hundred years after you’re
dead.” The screen went blank.

  For a short while Raven sat looking at
it absent-mindedly. Faint amusement
lay over his lean, muscular features. A
hundred years after you’re dead, Carson
had said. In an era of expansion when
strange, space-born aptitudes were pil-
ing up rapidly, would unparalleled lon-
gevity be considered a mutation symp-
tom? Or what about imperviousness to
destruction at human hands?

Human hands, David,” broke in
Leina’s mind-stream, coming from the

ster on the rear plot, watched two men
stow it in its little hangar. They fas-
tened the sliding door, joined him as he
walked to the back door of the house.

  “Late again,” he grumbled. "The cops
are jumpy tonight. Swarming all over
the sky. I was stopped three times.” He
sniffed his contempt.

  "Something must have happened,”
ventured one. “Though there’s been
nothing out of the ordinary on the spec-
troscreens.”

  “Never is,” remarked the second.
“Three weeks have gone by and still
they’ve not admitted that raid on—”
"Sh-h-h!” Kayder jogged him with a
heavy elbow. “How many times do I
have to tell you to keep it buttoned?”

Jjrf JJwis <Bs JjbqhJt

THE ELECTRIC LIGHT BULB and the fluorescent tube are on
their way out. Fluorescents, brand new yesterday, are already obso-
lete. The latest thing is a method of treating large panels of glass so
that entire walls or ceilings will become softly luminous. The new
system, called electroluminescence, will provide a glareless, even
light as contrasted with the glare from a single spot of concentrated
light. Already in the state of practical planning is a clock with self-
illuminated face. The applications are endless. And so by one more
step do we approach the science-fiction writer’s fantasy, wherein
the walls of the future’s houses glowed with their own cool light!

house. “Remember that! Always re-
member that!”

  "It is impossible to forget,” he gave
back.

  She shared with him a mutual func-
tion, willingly accepted, willingly faced.
It must always be remembered, though,
never mentioned. Leina feared neither
man nor beast, light nor dark, life nor
death. Her anxieties stemmed from
only one source: she was afraid of lone-
liness, the utter loneliness of one with
an entire world to herself.

VIII

K-ayder came home as twilight
surrendered to dark, dumped his sport-

 Unlocking the door, he went in, warmed
 his hands at a thermic panel. “What’s
 for dinner?”

  “Venus duck with roasted—”

  The door-gongs made sonorous rever-
 berations. Kayder shot a sharp look at
 the taller of the two.

  "Who’s that?”

  The other’s mind reached toward the
 front, came back. He said, “Fellow
 named David Raven.”

  Kayder sat down. “You sure of that?”
  “It’s what his mind says.”

  “What else does it say?”

  “Nothing. Only that his name is
David Raven. The rest is blank.”

  "Delay him a few seconds, then show
 him in.”
36	STARTLING STORIES

  Reaching to a desk, Kayder hurriedly
pulled out a drawer, took from it a small,
ornamented box of Venusian bogwood.
He flipped its lid upward. Beneath lay a
thick pad of purplish leaves mixed with
dry spike-shaped blossoms. Scattered
lightly over the center of this pad was
what appeared to be the merest pinch of
common salt.

  He chirruped at the box. Promptly
the tiny, glistening grains moved,
swirled around.

  “He knows you’re keeping him wait-
ing and why,” the tall man pointed out.
“He can snatch it straight out of your
bean.”

  “Let him. What can he do about it?”
Kayder poked the box across the desk
and nearer the facing chair. A few shin-
ing specks soared out of it. “You worry
too much, Santil. You telepaths are ail
alike.” He chirped again. More living
motes went up, circled, spun into invisi-
bility. “Show him in.”

CANTIL was plainly glad to get out. So
^ was his companion. So far as they
were concerned, when Kayder started
playing around with his boxes the best
place was elsewhere.

  Their attitude gratified Kayder. It en-
hanced his sense of personal power. Su-
periority over pawns is a thing worth
having, but to rise above those with re-
doubtable talents of their own is great-
ness indeed.

  Automatically, the professional smile
of a trader welcoming big business suf-
fused his features as Raven entered. He
pointed to a chair, was silent while he
weighed up the black, glossy hair, the
wide shoulders, narrow hips. Collar ad
model, he decided, except for those sil-
ver-flecked eyes. They looked too far,
penetrated too deep.

  “They do," said Raven, without ex-
pression. “Very deep.”

  In no way disconcerted, Kayder gave
back, “I’m not jumpy, see? I’ve had too
many mind-pickers around me too long.
I’ve been looking for you.”

  “So nice of me to come,” Raven sug-

gested. “What’s the motive?"

  “I wanted to know what you’ve got."
Kayder vfould much rather have stalled
over that, and offered something decep-
tive. But, as he had remarked, he was
accustomed to telepaths. When your
mind is as wide open as the spectro-
screen’s Sunday color-strips the only
thing you can do is admit what’s on it.
“I’m led to believe you’re extra-special.”
“Who led you?” Raven watched him
keenly.

  Kayder gave a grating laugh. “You
ask me when vou can read it in my
mind?”

  “It isn’t in your mind. Maybe a hypno
dutifully eliminates it for you every now
and again, as a safety measure. If so,
something can be done about that. A
stamp can be erased, but not the impres-
sion beneath it.”

  “For somebody extra-special you lag
behind in the matter of wits,” Kayder
opined. “What a hypno can do, another
and better hypno can undo. When I want
to keep something right out of my mind
I can dig up better and more effective
ways.”

  “Such as?”

  “Such as not taking it into my mind
in the first place.”

  “Meaning you get information from
an unknown source?”

  “Of course. I asked for it to be kept
from me. The best mind-picker this side
of creation can’t extract what isn't
there.”

  “An excellent precaution," approved
Raven, peculiarly pleased with it. He
swiped at something in midair, swiped
again.

  “Don’t do that!” Kayder ordered, reg-
istering a sudden scowl.

  “Why not?”

  “Those marsh-midges are mine.”
“That doesn’t entitle them to whine
around my ears." He smacked hands
together, wiped out a couple of them.
The rest sheered away like a tiny dust
cloud. “Besides, there are plenty more
where these came from.”

  Rayder stood up, his face dark.
THE STAR WATCHERS	37

  In harsh, threatening tones, he said,
"Those midges can do mighty unplea-
sant things to a man. They can make
his legs swell until each is thicker than
his body. The swelling creeps up. He
becomes one immense elephantine
bloat, utterly incapable of locomotion.”
"Interesting though sordid," com-
mented Raven, cool and undisturbed.
“How nice to know I’m unlikely to be
the subject of their attentions.”
“What makes you think that?” Kay-
der beetled black brows at him.

  “Several items. For example, what
information are you going to get out of
me when I’m bloated and buried?”
“None, but I won’t need it when
you’re dead.”

  “An excusable error on your part,
my friend. Sit down and compose your-
self. Think of the consequences of
bloating me. Nobody but a Venusian
insectivocal could arrange such an end.
So far as we know, you’re the only one
on this planet.”

  “I am,” admitted Kayder with a
touch of pride.

  “That narrows the suspects, doesn’t
it? Terran Intelligence takes one look
at the body and plants a finger straight
on you. They call it murder. They’ve
a penalty for that.”

GLANCING at the dust cloud, Kay-
der gave a sharp laugh. “That’s
supposing there is a body for Intelli-
gence to brood over. But what if there’s
not?”

  “There won’t be a body. I’ll arrange
for it to be disintegrated and thus tidy
things up a bit.”

  “You will arrange it? Mister, we’re
talking about your corpse, not mine.”
“Are we?” Raven’s smile was know-
ingly skeptical.

  Kayder pressed a button on his desk-
Santil opened the door, edged partway
through.

  "You heard anything?” Kayder de-
manded.

  "No.”

  “Have you been trying?”

  “Of course. It was no use. I got your
mind only.”

  “All right. You may go.” Kayder
watched the door close. “So you’re a
new kind of telepath, an armored mind-
probe, one who can pick without being
picked. That confirms what Grayson
told me.”

  “Grayson,” echoed Raven. He gave
a careless shrug. “He who is only half-
informed is ill-informed. I’d like to
learn who organized the Dexter blow-
up.”

  “Huh?”

  “They suffered a big blast. It was
bad, really bad ”

  “Well, what’s that to me?”
“Nothing,” admitted Raven, deeply
disappointed.

  There was good cause for discontent.
A rush of thoughts had poured through
Kayder’s mind in four seconds flat, and
Raven had perceived every one of them.

  A big blow-up at Dexters? Where
do I come in? What’s he getting at?
Putting that huge dump out of action
would be something of a master stroke
but we haven't got round to it yet.
Could it be that those itchy Martians
have started pulling fast ones of their
own? I don’t trust those Martians
overmuch.

  Raven commented, “I doubt whether
you trust anyone or anything except,
perhaps, these bugs of yours.” His
attention went to the still-swirling
cloud, seeming to have no trouble in
distinguishing and identifying every
individual within it. "Some day even
those will let you down if only because
bugs must always be bugs.”

  “When you talk about insects you’re
talking to an authority,” said Kayder
irritably. He glowered straight ahead.
“You’ve read all my thoughts. I can’t
blank them out like a 1M, and therefore
they’ve been wide open to you. So you
know that this Dexter affair is no busi-
ness of mine.”

  “I give you that. At hour back I’d
have bet heavily on your being the
guilty party and I’d have lost. Thanks
58	STARTLING STORIES

for saving my money."

  “You must need it. How much did
you pay Steen?”

  “Nothing. Not a button.”

“D’you expect me to believe that?”
“Like everyone else, Steen can stand
only so much,” Raven told him. “You’d
better write Steen off as a case of battle
fatigue.”

  “He’ll be dealt with in due course,”
promised Kayder, lending it menace.
“What did you do to Haller?”

  “Not so much. Trouble with him is
that he’s overeager. He’ll be dead with-
in a week.”

  “Did you say dead?”

  “Yes." Studying him with cold amuse-
ment, Raven asked, “What’s wrong
with that? It’s not so long since you
yourself were openly gloating over
what I’d look like after your bugs had
been to work on me. You enjoyed death
then, didn’t you?”

  “I can enjoy it right now," Kayder
assured. His thin, mobile lips took on
a peculiar twist.

  The telephone on his desk yelped,
almost as if in protest of what was on
his mind. He snatched it up. “Well?”
It chattered metallically against his
ear. Finally, he racked it, leaned back
in his seat, wiped his forehead. “Haller
has done it," he informed. “They say
he babbled some crazy stuff about
bright-eyed moths that fly through the
dark. Then he put himself down for
keeps.”

  “Was he married?”

  “No.”

  “Then it’s of little consequence.”
Raven casually dismissed it as if it
were a minor incident. “It was to be
expected. He was overeager."

  “What d’you mean by that?"

  “Never mind. All I will tell you is
this: in the same circumstances, you
would stand before me and joyfully
cut your own throat from ear to ear,
laughing as you did it.”

  “Like heck I would!” Kayder pointed
a finger. “We’ve met each other. I’ve
got all I want out of you, which is

that as something super-super you bear
a strong resemblance to a flat tire.
There’s the way out.”

  “Think as you please." Raven’s smile
was calm and disturbingly cool. “All I
wanted of you was something on this
Dexter case. I’m not interested in any-
thing else. Intelligence can tend to it."

  “Bah!” Putting out a hand, Kayder
emitted inviting chirrups. Whirling
motes descended and settled on his
open palm. “The Intelligence has
mooched behind me for months. So
what? I’m a Terran, engaged in legi-
timate business, and nothing can be
proved against me.

  “Not yet,” qualified Raven, going to
the door. “But remember those bright-
eyed moths that Haller mentioned."
Opening the door, he went out, glanced
back through and finished, “Thanks for
all that stuff on your underground
base.”

  “What?" Kayder dropped the box,
midges and all.

  “Don’t reproach yourself or the
hypno who expunges it from your mind
every time you leave the place. He
made a good, thorough job of it—there
wasn’t a trace. But it made a detailed
and beautiful picture in friend Santil’s
mind.” Raven slammed the door.

  Kayder pulled out a mike, switched
it on. His voice was hoarse with sup-
pressed fury. “Get on the jump and
shoot this around: an Intelligence raid
is due shortly. Number one cover-up
plan to operate at once. Number two
plan to be prepared in readiness. David
Raven is now on the run from this
address. Put him out of business any
way you can. That’s top priority—get
Raven!”

THE DOOR opened and Santil came
in saying, “Look, he caught me
napping in a way that I—”

  “Idiot!” interjected Kayder, brist-
ling at the sight of him. “Of all the
mentally gabby dopes you take the
biscuit!”

  “He was blank, see?” protested San-
THE STAR WATCHERS	39

til, flushing. “When you’re born and
bred a telepath you can’t help becom-
ing conditioned by it. You know that a
blank mind can only be that of another
telepath or someone who’s been treated
by a hypno. You just naturally as-
sume that while he remains blank he
cannot listen. I forgot that this fellow
could still feel around while mentally
deader than a dead dog.”

  “You forgot,” jibed Kayder. “It’s
top of the list of famous last words:
‘I forgot.’ ” His irate gaze shifted to
a large, mesh-covered box standing in
one corner. "If those hornets were able
to recognize individuals I could have
him stripped down to his skeleton no
matter how far he’s got.”

  Sourly, he took up the telephone,
dialed, said, “You, Dean? Put those
emergency pips on the air. Yes, I want
the-man-we-don’t-know. If he phones
back, tell him Raven’s likely to put a
finger on local base. Ask him to use
his influence either to postpone or mi-
nimize a raid.” Racking the instru-
ment, he glowered at the door.

  “If he’s got a good range he’ll have
overheard that,” Santil pointed out.

  “That’s taken for granted.” The
phone shrilled once more, and he
picked it up with an air of expectation.
“Murray here,” announced the voice at
the other end. “You sent me to dig up
stuff on this Raven.”

  “What have you got?”

  “Not so much. I’d say the Terrans
are becoming desperate, scouring the
planet and making wild guesses.”
"You’re making one or two of your
own,” snapped Kayder. “Give me what
you’ve got and leave the guessing to
this end of the line.”

  “His father was a pilot on the Mars
run, an exceptionally efficient 1M com-
ing from four telepathic generations.
There was no mixing of talents, mari-
tally speaking, until Raven’s parents
met.”

  “Go on.”

  "The mother was a radiosensitive with
an ancestry of radiosensitives plus one

supersonic. According to Professor
Hartman, the end product of such uni-
ons would most likely inherit only the
dominant talent and the odd exception
should amount to no more than an ab-
normal widening of telepathic range
into the longer band.”

   “He’s wrong there. This skewboy can
pull others in even while he’s holding
them off.”

  “I wouldn’t know about that,"
evaded Murray. “I’m only telling you
what Hartman says.”

   "Never mind. Let’s have the rest."
“Raven followed in Pappy’s foot-
steps by getting his Mars pilot certifi-
cate and thus holds the space-rank of
captain. That’s as far as he went. He’s
never taken a ship toward Mars.’’
“H’m! That’s strange.” Kayder
frowned with thought. "Any reason
that you could discover?”

   “Maybe he feels that his health won’t

[Turn page]
40	STARTLING STORIES

stand for any Mars trips," hazarded
Murray. “Not since he was killed."

  “Eh?" Kayder’s back hairs stiffened.
“Say that again.”

  “He was at the space port when the
old Rimfire exploded like a bomb ten
years back. It wrecked the control
tower and did some slaughter, remem-
ber?”

   “Yes, I saw it on the spectroscreens.”
“Raven was picked up, definitely one
of the dear departed. Some young doc
played with the body, just on a whim.
He brought him back. It was one of
those occasional returned-from-the-
grave cases.” Murray paused, added
thoughtfully, “Since then, I reckon he’s
lost his nerve.”

  Kayder pronged the phone, leaned
back. “Lost his nerve? Bunkum! From
what I saw of him he never had any to
lose in the first place.”

  “Who’s this you’re talking about?”
“Shut up and let me think.” A spi-
der-thing crept out of his pocket,
blinking around. Putting it on the desk,
he let it play with his finger tip while
he mused aloud.

  “Raven had a funny attitude toward
death. He guessed Haller would do
the dutch about ten minutes before it
happened. That’s because it takes one
nut to recognize another. It also shows
that his own narrow escape has left
him queer in the head. He tried it
once and it wasn’t so bad—just like
sleep.” His attention moved from the
spider to Santil. “His death data are
so unusual that he makes loony com-
putations upon it. You see what it
means?"

  “What?”

  “Unlimited, foolhardy, crackpot
courage. He’s a telepath better than
average and with the mental attitude
of a religious fanatic. One taste of
death has killed his fear of it. That
makes him totally unpredictable."

SOMETHING went pip-pip-pip under
the floor. Pulling open a drawer,
he took from it another and much

smaller telephone, and held it up to his
ear.

  “Kayder."

  “Ardern here. The raid is on.”
  “How’s it going?"

  “Hah! It’d give you a very big laugh.
The hypnos are weighing and bagging
tree-almonds; the mini-engineers are
assembling ladies’ watches; the tele-
ports are printing the news-from-Ve-
nus sheet and acting like they’re all
being good at school. The entire place
is happy, peaceful, innocent."

  “Get the blanking done in time?”
“Most of it. We had to boost the last
six through the chute, but they got away
all right.”

  “Good,” said Kayder with satisfac-
tion.

  “That’s not all. You've put out a call
for a smoothie named Raven?"

  “Yes, I have. I want him—and fast."
  “Well, we’ve got him ”

  Kayder sucked in his breath with a
low hiss that made the spider jump.
He soothed it with a finger.

  “You sure of that?”

  “Positive! He’s Raven without a
shadow of doubt.”

  “How’d you manage to nail him
down?”

  “No trouble at all. He walked into
the cage, locked the door on himself,
hung his identity-card on the bars and
yelled for us to come and look at him.”

IX

K AYDER made it in four minutes,
one under the promised time. The un-
pretentious house to which he went was
the terminal of the secret chute from
underground base.

  The man waiting for him was small
and thin and had features permanently
yellowed by past spells of valley fever.
He was a floater with a bad limp ac-
quired in his youth when once he over-
did the altitude.

  “Well?” demanded Kayder, staring
around the room. “Where is he?”
“Raven?"
THE STAR WATCHERS	41

  “Of course.”

  “He’s aboard the Fantome," informed
Ardern.

  “I thought you said we’d got him.”
Kayder’s ire started to rise. “What
d’you mean by giving me that stuff over
the phone about having him caged?”
“So he is,” Ardern insisted. “As you
well know, the Fantome is a homeward
boat about to blow for Venus.”

  “With a Terran crew. They’re al-
ways Terrans.”

  “What of it? Neither he nor they can
get up to any funny tricks in space.
They’ve got to land. This Raven will
then be on our own planet. What more
could you want?”

  “I wanted him myself.”

  Ardern registered surprise. “You
didn’t say so. Besides, you’d already
had him yourself. You told as much
when you put out that call. I took it
for granted the reason was that after
he left, you’d got a message from home
ordering you to take his head off.”
“There’s been no message.” Going to
the window, Kayder gazed through the
dark at a string of distant green lights
that marked the local spaceport. “That
her over there?”

  “Yes.” Ardern limped across to join
him.

  “He must have moved mighty fast.”
Kayder consulted his wristwatch.
“Scarcely half an hour since he left”
“A police copter took him.”

  “How did you discover he was on
board?”

  “Easy as pie,” said Ardern. “I was
by the gangway when this fellow came
from the copter, gave the checker his
name as David Raven, claimed a cabin.
I thought to myself, ‘That’s the guy
Kayder’s shouting for,’ whereupon he
turned, grinned at me like an alligator
grinning at a naked swimmer and said,
"You’re dead right!’’’ He shrugged,
added, “So, of course, I beat it to the
nearest phone and told you.”

  “He’s got enough impudence to serve
a dozen,” Kayder growled. “Does he
think he’s armor-plated or some-

thing?” He paced rapidly to and fro,
afflicted with indecision. “Who’s on
her that we know?”

  “Too late to get a complete passenger
list. She carries some three hundred.
Pity we can’t search through the lot
and pick out the skewboys. Only ones
I know are twelve of our own men re-
turning for fourth-year leave.”

  “What types are they?”

ARDERN replied, “Ten mini-engi-
   neers and two teleports.”

  “An ideal combination of talent to
send a pinhead exploder through his
keyhole and smear him across his bed,”
said Kayder with heavy sarcasm. “Bah!
He’d read every intention the moment
it jelled and be twenty jumps ahead of
them all the way.”

  “He has to sleep,” ventured Ardern.
“How do we know that? Nocturnals
don’t sleep.”

  “Tell you what, there’s still radio
contact so let’s get those twelve to rake
the ship for a homeward-bound tele-
path. They could then enlist his help.”
“No use,” Kayder scoffed. “Raven
can make his mind feel like a chunk of
marble.” Kayder returned his attention
to the far-off green lights. “Sometimes
I get fed up with our array of talent.
Bugs are best. Nobody can read a bug’s
mind. Nobody can hypnotize a bug. But
bugs obey only those whom they love
and that is that.”

  “I once saw a pyrotic burn a thou-
sand of them.”

  “Indeed? What happened after-
ward ?”

  “Ten thousand came and killed him.”
“There you are,” said Kayder with
satisfaction. “Bugs—you can’t beat
’em.”

  He said, “Nothing for it but to pass
the buck. We’ll let them handle him
at the other end. If an entire world
can’t cope with one not-so-hot skewboy
we might as well give up right now.”
“That’s what I said in the first
place," Ardern pointed out. “He’s
caged himself.”
42	STARTLING STORIES

  “Maybe he has and maybe he hasn’t.
I’ll give them the tip to expect him.
They'll meet the boat coming in and—"
His voice cut off as the distant green
lights were suddenly outshone by a
vivid shaft of white fire which crawled
upward from ground level and in-
creased speed until eventually it was
spearing into the heavens. A deep
roaring noise made the windows rattle.

  “There he goes. Being on the ship
he's stuck with it until he arrives into
our waiting arms.”

  Ardern screwed up his yellow face
and looked vaguely bothered. “I’ve just
thought of something.”

  “What?"

  “I had to leave the gangway to go
to the phone.”

  “And so?"

  “How do we know he’s actually on
that boat? He’s had all the time in
the world to walk off it again.”
“Could be,” admitted Kayder, frown-
ing. “He’s artful enough for it. But we
can check up quite easily. Are those
snoops out of the base yet?”

  “I’ll see.” Ardern flipped a tiny
wall switch, spoke into the aperture
above it. “Who’s there?”

  “Philby,” responsed a voice.

  “Those Intelligence characters still
messing around?”

  “They’re just gone.”

  “Fine! I’m coming along with Kay-
der to—”

  “Don’t know what’s so fine about it,”
interrupted Philby. “They took eight
of our fellows with them.”

  “Were those eight properly blanked ?’’
Kayder chipped in.

  “You bet they were.”

  “Then why should we worry? Let’s
deal with one thing at a time and get
in touch with the Fantome."

  The receiver’s big screen cleared,
showed the features of a dark-haired,
alert individual with a chest mike hang-
ing from his neck. The Fantome’s oper-
ator.

  “Name, please,” demanded the oper-
ator.

  “Arthur Kayder. I want to talk to—"

  “Kayder?” put in the operator.
“We’ve a passenger waiting to speak
to you.”

  “Hah!” murmured Ardern, nudging
Kayder. “One of our boys has got him
spotted.”

  Before Kayder could say anything,
 the operator’s face flashed off the screen
 and another came on. It was Raven’s.

  “Good evening, Louse-ridden.” His
 smile was impudent.

  “You!” Kayder glowered at him.

  “Me in person. As you can see for
 yourself I am really and truly on board.”

  “You’ll be sorry,” Kayder promised.

  “Meaning at the other end? I know
 that your next move will be to tell them
 I’m coming. You’ll get on the space-
 band and warn a world.” He chuckled.
 “I can't help but find it most flattering,
 Bugsy.”

  “Don’t call me Bugsy!” Kayder shout-
 ed, his broad features dark red.

  “Temper, temper!” Raven chided. “If
 your looks could kill, I'd drop dead right
 now.”

  “You’re going to do it anyway," Kay-
 der bawled. “I’ll see to that!”

  “Sweet of you to say so.” Raven eyed
 him a moment, then said very deliber-
 ately, “Better put your affairs in order
 as best you can. You may be away quite
 a spell.” He switched off.

 CUTTING the set with a savage flip
 of his thumb, Kayder turned to
 Ardern. “What’s he mean about me
 going away? I don’t get it.”

  “Me neither.”

  They let it stew in their minds until
 Philby came along and said, “There’s
 a call waiting from you-don’t-know-
 who.”

  Kayder took the phone, listened.

  The familiar but unknown voice
rasped, “I’ve more than enough on my
plate without taking unnecessary risks
to rescue loud-mouthed blabs."

  “Huh?" Kayder blinked' at the in-
 strument.

  “Homicidal threats over an open
THE STAR

transmission system with half the In-
telligence listening-in,” went on the
voice, acid-toned. “Under Terran law
the penalty is up to five years in the
jug. They can pin it on you beyond
my power to unpin. There’s nothing
you can do but get out fast. Take the
Fantome and don’t come back.”

  “She jumped ten minutes ago,” said
Kayder, feeling futile.

  “That’s your hard luck. Get out of
that base. You mustn’t be found there.
And don’t go home either.”

  “But my army is there. With them I
could—”

  “You could not,” corrected the voice.
“Because you won’t be given the chance.
Don’t argue with me. Get out of sight
and lie low as best you can.”

  “I can fight the charge,” Kayder
pleaded.

  "Look,” came back the voice, wearily,
“the Intelligence Service wants to tie
you down. Now you’ve given them the
chance, they’ll tie you well and truly.”
The other went off. Kayder lugubri-
ously cradled the phone, stared around
as though lost for suitable comment.
“What’s the matter?” asked Ardern,

watching him.

  “They’re going to try lug me in for
up to five years."

 “Why?”

  "Threatening murder.”

  "Holy smoke!” Ardern backed away,
limping. “They can do it, too, if they set
their minds on it.” His features became
curiously strained, his body appeared to

WATCHERS	43

lengthen itself, then his feet left the
ground and he soared toward a ceiling
shaft. “I’m going. You’re a complete
stranger to me.” He soared up the shaft.

  Kayder went out, walked the streets
and back alleys until two in the morning.
Then he slunk along the darker side of
a square and four men emerged from a
black archway, barred his path.

  One of them, a telepath, spoke with
authoritative assurance. "You’re Arthur
Kayder. We want you.”

    ELLOW and thick the great crawl-
ing mists of Venus pressed against the
forepeak ports when Raven went into
the main cabin for a look at the radar
screen.

  A constant shuddering went through
the entire length of the Fantome as its
power plants strove to cope with their
most difficult task, namely, the rela-
tively slow maneuvering of a giant
structure primarily designed for super-
fast motion. It was not easy. It was
never easy.

  All passengers likewise recognized
that this was the critical stage. The in-
veterate card players became tense and
still; the chatterers turned silent; the
tambar drinkers were cold sober. In a
flat, unemotional voice an officer in the
forepeak was reciting over the loud-
speaker system, “One-forty thousand,
one-thirty-five, one-thirty thousand.”

[Turn page]

AMAZING THI

  SENSATIONAL NEW TING
    CfiEAM POP ___

ffxmw

- REGULAR USE HELPS
fi£L I EVE ITCH/N6 • SOOTHES
BUM/IMS BETWEEN CPACKED
PEEUN6 TOES-
A/DS HEAUN&
AMAZINGLY!

r/zzsr
useo
IN HOSPITALS
NOW
RELEASED TO
DRUe&STS
&UAGANTE.ED

        /N LAB TESTS
  r/NG CREAM
  U PROVED EFFECTIVE
  /N K/LLIN& SPEC/P/C
  7VPES OF
  ATHLETE'S FOOT

  PUN&/ ON,

  60 SECOND I
  CONTACT.'

TING must ,— -P®.----

   Cl/ UOU//J	OMX fXOWCKS *

SATISSZ VOU IN I MMSAWTMAHUM
A WEEK- OP | TIN6 C££AU TU3AV
MONEV BACK/ J G&Assass, stamuss

j AIL	sns QA/ty oQJa tube

ft! 7%
44	STARTLING STORIES

  Undisturbed, Raven watched the
screen and bided his time. The moun-
tains passed center, moved to base,
drifted off the screen. Presently the
oval edge of the great plain was re-
vealed, became clearer, more detailed,
streaked with broad rivers. Vibration
was now violent as the ship fought to
hold its tonnage in near balance with the
planet’s grip and come down still more
slowly.

  “Twenty thousand, nineteen-five hun-
dred.”

  Several stared at Raven as he got up
from his seat and left the cabin. Ignor-
ing them, he walked rapidly forward
along a metal corridor until he reached
the starboard airlock. This, he decided,
was as good a time as any. The crew had
their hands full; the passengers were
preoccupied with the safety of their own
skins.

  He was smiling to himself as he op-
erated the automatic door, stepped into
the lock, and closed the door behind him.
That action would light a crimson tell-
tale in the control room, and soon some-
body would hotfoot along to see who
was fooling with the exit facilities. No
matter. Any irate official would be at
least half a minute too late.

  Swiftly he released the seals of the
outer door, unwound it, opened it wide.
None of the ship’s air went out but some
higher-pressure Venusian air pushed in,
bringing with it warmth, dampness and
strong odors of mass vegetation.

  Somebody started hammering and
kicking on the inner door, doing it with
the outraged vigor of authority success-
fully defied. At the same time the loud-
speaker clicked, changed voices and
spoke sharply.

  “You in Airlock Four, close that outer
door and open the inner. You are
warned that operation of the locks by
any unauthorized person is a serious
offense punishable by—”

WEAVING a sardonic good-by to the
" loudspeaker, Raven leaped out. He
plunged headlong into thick, moist air,

fell swiftly with many twists and turns.
At one instant the Fantome was a long
black cylinder flaming high above him;
the next there was a whirling world of
trees and rivers rushing up to meet him.

  Only two kinds of people jumped out
of space-ships: suicides and fugitive
floaters. The latter invariably used their
supernormal power to drift down at a
leisurely rate. They dared not do other-
wise. Suicides fell like stones.

  Raven was still five hundred feet
above the tree tops when the Fantom.e
had become a foreshortened, pencil-sized
vessel about to land just over the
horizon. It was then that Raven slowed
in midair.

  The slowing was a curious phenome-
non, having nothing in common with the
taut-faced, mind-straining deceleration
of an accomplished floater. The sudden
decrease of his rate of fall occurred
casually, naturally, somewhat in the
manner of a dropping spider that
changes its mind and pays out its line
less rapidly.

  At tree-top height, still some three
hundred and fifty feet above the ground,
he was descending as if dangling from
an invisible parachute. Between huge
top branches as thick as the trunks of
adult Earth trees he went down like a
drifting leaf, slowed again, hit the
ground with just enough force to leave
his heel marks in the turf.

  This point was little more than a
mile from the rim of the great plain. The
immense trees grew more widely apart
here with quiet, cathedral-like glades
between them.

  The news of his jump would gall the
deputation waiting at the spaceport, but
it would not fool them for a moment.
Kayder’s message—assuming they had
got it—would.tag him as a telepathic
oddity, a kind of laM to whom Terran
characters like Heraty and Carson at-
tributed greater importance than ap-
parently he deserved.

  Now, they’d face the fact that he lrnd
left the ship like a levitator but had not
gone down like a levitator. Despite his
THE STAR

free and seemingly helpless fall, not one
of them would believe that he had made
his leap for the sheer pleasure of break-
ing his neck. Without hesitation they
would now accept the existence of some
new and previously unsuspected quasi-
levitative talent and adding that to what
they already knew he had got, would
classify him as the first example of a
creature often postulated and greatly
feared: the multitalented offspring of
mixed mutants.

  The notion of a supertelepathic super-
levitator was patently absurd, but the
opposition would swallow the absurdity
without a blink when it came along care-
fully disguised as a self-evident fact.
They would want him badly, and quick-
ly, before he started playing hob with
other laws greatly esteemed because
they were profitable in terms of cash
or power.

  The big laugh was on them, and it
was a pity they would never know it
because there are facts of life not told
to the immature.

  No natural laws had been or could be
abolished.

  There were no multitalented humans.

  There were only bright-eyed moths
that dexterously swoop and soar
through the endless reaches of the dark.

  He sent out a powerful, tight-beamed
mind call far below the normal tele-
pathic band. “Charles!”

  "Yes, David?” It came back promptly
as if the other had been listening in ex-
pectation of the summons. The mental
impulses registered in twin receiving
centers and proved slightly out of phase.

  Raven turned to face the other’s di-
rection as automatically as a pawn
would turn to look at another.

  “I ducked out of the ship. Doubt
whether it was necessary but thought I’d
play safe.”

  "Yes, I know,” came back the distant
mind. “Mavis got a call from Leina.
They gabbled an hour about personal
things before Leina remembered she'd
come through to tell us you were on the
Fantome. It seems she’d rather you kept

WATCHERS	45

to your proper job.”

  “Females remain female through the
whole of eternity,” Raven offered.

  “So I went to the spaceport,” Charles
continued, “and I’m outside it right now.
Can’t get in because it’s barred to the
public and heavily guarded.” He
paused, then commented, “Why come on
a ship, anyway? If for some mysterious
reason you had to do it the slow way,
couldn’t you have inflated a small bal-
loon and drifted here?"

  “Occasionally there are considerations
more important than speed,” said
Raven. "I’m wearing a body, for in-
stance.”

  "It’s precisely your body they’ll be
seeking. It’s a giveaway.”

  "Maybe, but it is what I want them
to seek. Looking for a body will stop
them from getting ideas.”

  “You know best,” Charles conceded.
“Are you coming to our place?”

  "Of course. I called to make sure
you’d be there.”

  “We will. See you shortly, eh?”

  “I’m starting right now.”

  Forthwith he set off through the
shadowed glades toward the plain, strid-
ing swiftly along and keeping watch
more with his mind than with his eyes.

AT the fringe of the trees he re-
ceived the first evidence of search.
He stood in the darkness by a mighty
bole while a copter floated just over the
great umbrella of top branches. It was
a big machine, carrying a crew of ten.
Their minds could be counted as they
probed the thick greenery beneath.
There were a half dozen telepaths listen-
ing, eager to catch any stray mental im-
pulse he might be careless enough to let
loose.

  This entire menagerie passed right
above and zigzagged onward, blissfully
unaware of his existence. A similar out-
fit was scouring a wide path on a rough-
ly parallel course two miles to the south,
and yet another two miles northward.

  He let them get well behind him before
he stepped into the open and followed
46	STARTLING STORIES

the outskirts of the trees until he struck
a dirt road. Once upon the highway he
felt less wary.

  These flying search parties might be
composed of exceptional humans well
above pawn standard, but they still
tended to fall into pawn errors: such as
taking it for granted that anyone casu-
ally strolling in plain sight could have
nothing to hide.

  There was still the risk, though a
slight one, that a clear record of his fea-
tures might be in circulation and a
hunter drop low enough to identify him.

  But nobody showed above-average-
curiosity until he got within a short
distance of Plain City. At that point a
copter drifted immediately overhead,
and he felt four minds spiking into his
own. For their pains they were re-
warded with pictures of a sordid and
decidedly boring domestic wrangle.

  Just outside the city’s rim he stepped
off the road to make way for a pon-
derous tractor that was dragging a
steel-barred trailer. Two hypnos and
one teleport were in charge of this be-
lated addition to the chase, the chief
feature of which was represented by a
score of drooling tree-cats in the trailer.
The latter could follow a spoor one week
old and literally sprint up the trunk of
any forest giant not smothered in
spikes.

  As became a pawn, Raven chewed a
piece of purplish grass and stared dull-
eyed as this lot creaked and rumbled
past. The minds of the whole bunch
were like open books. One of the hypnos
was coddling a tambar hangover, the
other missing a night’s sleep and fre-
quently pinching himself to keep alert.

  On they clanked down the road, a
futile cavalcade made doubly absurd by
the mock-dopy watch of its quarry.
Probably by the fall of dark they would
catch and tear to bloody shreds a rare
jungle hobo or an illicit tambwr distiller,
and return flushed with success.

  Raven’s smile was bitter.

  Going into the city, Raven found his
way to a small granite house with bril-

liant orchids behind its windows. There
was no difficulty about finding it, al-
though he had never been here before.

  When he arrived he did not have to
knock. Those waiting within had meas-
ured his every step and knew the mo-
ment he was there.

XI

Mavis, petite, blond and blue-eyed,
seated herself in a deep chair, folded her
hands in her lap and gazed at Raven
with the same deep penetration that his
own eyes sometimes showed to the con-
siderable discomfort of others.

  The other, Charles, was a plump and
rather pompous little man blessed with
the lackluster optics of a pawn. Any
talented human would take one look at
Charles and classify him as a nitwit.
More by good luck than good manage-
ment, Charles was an entity exception-
ally well concealed and therefore a little
to be envied.

  “Naturally we are very pleased to see
you,” said Mavis, speaking vocally and
with her mind shut tight. “But what
has happened to the rule that one stays
put on one’s appointed ball?”
“Circumstances alter cases,’’ Raven
retorted. “Besides, Leina is still there.
She can handle anything.”

  Charles squatted comfortably with
pudgy legs stretched out, nursed his
paunch. “According to Leina, you are
busily sticking your fingera into other
people’s affairs. Is that right?"

  “About half right” Raven studied
him speculatively a moment. “Someone
on this planet, aided by unknown co-
operators on Mars, is having a good
time pulling Terra’s hair. They are like
mischievous children playing with a gun,
not thinking that it might be loaded.”
“H’m!” Charles thoughtfully rubbed
a pair of chins. “We know there’s a
strong nationalist movement on this
particular lump of dirt but we’ve ig-
nored it as being of no especial interest
from our viewpoint. Even if they go so
far as to murder each other wholesale,
THE STAR WATCHERS	47

what does it matter? It’s all to the
merry, isn’t it?”

  “In one way it is. In another, it isn’t.”
  “Meaning?”

  “The Terrans are badly in need of
unity because they are heading toward
the Denebs.”

  “They’re heading—” Charles’ voice
tailed off. Momentarily, his dull eyes
revealed hidden fires. “Are you telling
me that Terran authorities actually
know about the Denebs? How the deuce
can they know?

  “Because,” said Raven, patiently,
"they are now at development stage
four. They’ve got a better drive, have
already tried it out, are about to test
it further and are unable to prophesy
its limits. They’ve found enough to
arouse suspicions that sooner or later
they are going to collide with some other
unnamed, undescribed life form. You
know and I know that can only be the
Denebs.” He wagged an emphatic
finger. “We also know that the Denebs
have long been milling around like a pack
of hounds with fifty trails to follow and
that their general trend is in this direc- •
tion.”

QUITE undisturbed, Mavis put in,
"That is true. However, the last
prognosis gave them a minimum of two
centuries to find this system.”

  "A conclusion based on data then
available,” said Raven. “We have a new
and very weighty item now, namely,
that Homer Saps is rushing out to meet
them.”

  “Have you reported this?” demanded
Charles.

  “Most certainly.”

  “And what was the response?”
“Thanks for the information.”
"Nothing more than that?” Charles
lifted an eyebrow.

  “Nothing,” assured Raven. “What
more did you expect?”

  "Something less phelgmatic and more
emotional,” Mavis interjected. "You
males are all the same: cold and calcu-
lating. Why can’t you stand on a table

and scream like a woman?”

 "Would it do any good?” asked
Charles.

  "It would take some pleasure off the
glands. I’ve got a few glands, in case
you don’t know.”

  “That is a subject about which I am
passably informed,” said Charles. “I
have glands myself. One of them makes
me fat and inclined to laziness. I appear
to lack the one that is bothering you at
the moment.” He pointed a plump digit.
"There’s the table. Climb up and let go
a few shrill bellows. We won’t mind.”

  “I am not in the habit of bellowing,”
said Mavis acidly.

  "There you are.” He threw a glance
at Raven and gave a fatalistic shrug.
“Women . . . cold and calculating. . .
can’t take the steam off their zip-bits.”
“A day will come when I’ll trim your
wings a bit, Porky,” Mavis promised.

  “Fancy me with wings.” Charles
laughed until his paunch trembled.
"What an imagination!”

  Producing a tiny, lace-edged hand-
kerchief, Mavis began to weep into it,
very softly and quietly.

  Charles stared at her aghast. “Well,
what have I said now?”

  “You voiced a stimulator,” Raven told
him. He went to Mavis, gently patted
her shoulder. “It isn’t right to remain
when memories have become too much
for you and you want out. We can find
another pair who—”

  She whipped down the handkerchief
and said fiercely, “I don’t want out.
Can’t a girl ery if she wants to?”

  “Sure she can, but—”

  "Forget it.” She stuffed the hand-
kerchief into a pocket, blinked a couple
of times, smiled at him. “I’m all right
now.”

  “Does Leina ever do that?” asked
Charles, looking at Raven.

  “Not while I’m around.”

  “Leina was older when . . . when—”
Mavis let the sentence go unfinished.
They knew what she meant.

  Nobody else could have guessed it, not
even the Denebs, but these two knew!
48	STARTLING STORIES

  They were silent for sometime, each
busy with entirely personal thoughts
that remained hidden behind mental
shields. Charles was the first to cease
ruminating and become vocal.

  “Let’s get down to business. David,
what are your plans and where do we
come in ?”

  "The plans are elementary enough: to
find, identify and effectively deal with
the opposition’s key man on Venus.
Take away the locking stone, and the
arch falls down.”

  “Sometimes,” qualified Charles.

  “Yes, sometimes," Raven agreed. “If
their organization is as good as it ought
to be they’ll have a deputy leader held
ready to replace him when necessary.
In that case, there will be another simi-
lar job on our hands."

  “And after that there will be the
Martians,” Charles pointed out.

  "Not necessarily. It depends on how
they react to whatever happens here.
I'm hoping they will pipe down if Venus
drops out.”

  “One thing I don’t get," said Charles
thoughtfully. “What was to stop Terra’s
paying back the other planets in their
own coin? Sabotage and all that stuff
is a game at which two can play.”
“Because, from the Terran viewpoint,
that would mean fooling around with
their own assets.”

  “Ah!” Charles gave his chins an-
other massage. “They're decidedly
handicapped there. It gives the rebels
quite an advantage.”

  “Precisely."

  “It’s no business of ours,” put in
Mavis. “If it was, we would have been
told as much.” Her gaze was suddenly
shrewd as it rested on Raven. “Have
you been requested to interfere?"

   “No, lady, and it’s unlikely that I shall
be asked.”

  “Why?”

  “Because large as the issue may be in
this minor corner of the galaxy, it’s
small and insignificant by comparison
with bigger issues elsewhere.” He added
slowly, “Cogent information is all I ask.

You need give no more help unless you
wish.”

  “I do wish," Charles asserted. He
glanced sidewise. “How about you,
Mavis ?”

  “Count me out. I’m going to follow
Leina’s example and keep watch. After
all, that’s what we’re here for, isn't it?”

  Raven said, “You're dead right.
Keeping watch is all-important. I am
glad that fair maidens are available to
tend to the job. It leaves us bull-headed
males free to get on with our interfer-
ing.”

SHE pulled a face at him but offered no

comment

  “The setup here is amusing,” Charles
said. “We have an orthodox governor
who utters strictly orthodox sentiments
and is happily ignorant that the under-
ground nationalist movement already is
doing ninety per cent of the bossing.
The big noise in this movement, the
figure the rank and file look up to, is a
large and handsome fellow named
Wollencott.”

  “What’s he got?”

  “The face and figure for the part,”
Charles answered. “He is a native-born
malleable with an imposing mane of
black hair and an equally imposing
voice.”

  “All that doesn’t sound so formid-
able," Raven offered.

  “Wait a bit, I've not finished. Wol-
lencott is so well suited to portray the
dynamic leader of a patriotic cause that
he might have been especially chosen for
the part—and he was!”

  “By whom?”

  “A hard character named Thorstern,
the real boss, the power behind the
throne, the lurker in the shadows."

  “The puppet master, eh? Anything
special about him?”

  “Yes and no. The most surprising
feature is that he is not mutant. He
hasn’t one paranormal aptitude.”
Charles paused, plucked thoughtfully at
a fat lip. “But he is ruthless, ambitious,
cunning, an excellent psychologist and
THE STAR WATCHERS	49

has a high-powered, quick-moving brain
good enough to serve a thousand mon-
keys. I classify him as an exceptionally
high grade of pawn. Given really good
wits, even a pawn can pull the strings of
a dopy telepath.”

  “I know. I’ve listened in to one or two
such cases. That’s where the Denebs
excel. They make full use of what
they’ve got.” Becoming slightly rest-
less, Raven moved toward the door.
“But we don’t have to cope with the

THE RAZOR'S EDGE

or

Dont Drop That Blade!

IF YOU THINK man’s oldest trouble is women
you’re wrong. His first and last headache is in getting
a decent shave and the man doesn’t draw breath who
hasn’t cursed his razor oft on a stilly mom. Well,
cheer up, men, there’s a new gimmick for you to try.
A patent has been issued on razor blades of glass.

   No fooling. The glass is ground to an approximate
edge, then dipped in ctching baths of hydrofluoric
acid, which cuts the edge down to a keen, smooth,
tooth-free line. The promise is made—and you’ve
heard this before—that the glass blades give a
superior shave and have excellent edge-holding
qualities. Besides which they’re cheap—if you don’t
drop them.

Denebs just yet, leastways, not here.
The immediate objective is Thorstern.”
“I’m coming with you.” Heaving him-
self out of the pneumaseat, Charles
hitched his middle, let guileless eyes rest
on Mavis. “Hold the fort, honey. If
anyone asks, tell them Papa’s gone fish-
ing—but don’t say for what.”

  “See that you come back,” she or-
dered. “In one piece and recognizable.
That’s all I ask.”

xn

.^k-LREADY the invariable eventide
fog was creeping into the city, moving
with sluggish persistent purpose along
Its streets and avenues in thin yellow

sworls that thickened as the hidden sun
went down. By midnight it would be a
warm, damp, all-obscuring blanket.

  Raven and his companion passed a
shop window in which an outsize spec-
troscreen displayed ballet dancers mov-
ing delicately through a scene from Les
Sylphides. Here the prima ballerina
drifted across stage with infinite grace,
pale and fragile, like a blown snowflake.
A few miles away, within the encroach-
ing dark, was monstrous vegetation that
marked the frontiers of the half-known
and the unknown. It was a contrast of
extremes that few noticed and fewer
thought about.

  Stopping outside the window and ob-
serving the screen, Charles said, “See
the ease and grace with which she
pirouettes. She fascinates because she
makes me wonder.”

  “About what?” Raven inquired.
“Whether her type are paranormals
not recognized as such and not suspect-
ing it themselves. Maybe they have
some subconscious form of ESP that im-
pels them to strain poetically toward a
goal they can neither name nor de-
scribe.”

  “You may have something there.”
“I’m sure I have, David.” He turned
and walked on, his gait like a penguin’s
waddle. “As a life form in their own
right human beings have made a good
accumulation of knowledge. How im-
mensely greater might it be if they could
add to it all the items they’ve already
got but cannot use because they don’t
know they know them.”

  "Brother Carson, who is no stupe, is
with you in that. He showed me a list
of known mutants and warned me that
it might be far from complete.”

  Charles nodded vigorously. “Rumor
has it that an entirely new type was dis-
covered recently. I was going to in-
vestigate when Leina called through and
put me off.”

“Indeed? What can this skewboy do?”
“I can’t swear that the story has any
basis in fact. The yarn goes that a
young fellow of twenty-nine, living in a
50	STARTLING STOKIKS

village two thousand miles away, had an
unfortunate argument with a buzz saw.”
“And so?"

   “It whipped off his right hand quicker
than Zip. That was some six or eight
months ago. The stump healed over and
he recovered from the shock. Next, the
stump started to look queer. Got sort of
raggedy. He went to a hospital. They
kept him under observation a couple of
months then decided the age of miracles
is not past. He was growing another
hand."

  “A biomechanic,” observed Raven.
“Can service himself with new parts.
Well, it’s an innocuous faculty."

   “Yes, sure, but the point is that up to
then he didn’t know he could do it be-
cause he had never lost anything before.

I wonder how many more lack vital
knowledge of themselves.”

  “Plenty. Look at what we know.”

   “I am looking,” replied Charles quiet-
ly. “It is so much that it would shake a
hundred worlds if they shared it. David,
do you suppose that—”

RAVEN had stopped in midstride.
“Finish it, Charles. Finish what
you were going to say."

  “Do you think that maybe even we
don’t know enough? That there are
others who do know more, watching us
precisely as we watch these, sometimes
pitying us, sometimes laughing at us?”
“I can’t say.” He registered a wry
grin. “But if there are, we do know one
thing—they don’t interfere with us."
“Don’t they?"

  “Not noticeably. Not in any manner
we can recognize.”

  “We recognize Deneb tactics,” Charles
retorted. “They would do plenty of
shoving around, if they could.”

  “Or even better, they could adopt our
own methods to our very great confu-
sion,” Raven suggested, manifestly
sceptical but willing to take it along.
“They could appear to you and me
pretty much as we appear to all these.”
He waved a hand to indicate the local
citizenry. “Supposing I told you that

I’m a Deneb myself—do you dare to call
me a liar?”

  “I do,” said Charles with no hesita-
tion. “You are a liar.”

  “I resent having to admit it.” He
gave the other a reassuring clap on the
shoulder. “See, you know what I am.
Therefore you have intuitive awareness.
Definitely you’re a paranormal and
ought to take up ballet dancing.”

  “Hah!” Charles gloomed down at his
ample front. “That’s what I call throw-
ing it back at me.”

  He fell silent as three uniformed men
came around the next corner ahead and
stopped in their path.

  The trio were dressed as forest
rangers, the only organized body, apart
from special squads of police, officially
permitted to bear arms on Venus.

  One was murmuring, “Seems futile
to me. They admit he jumped out and
went down like a stone. Ten to one his
busted body is lying across a limb a
couple of hundred feet up and will stay
there until it rots.”

  "Orders are orders,” answered an-
other. He was still beyond normal hear-
ing but well within mental pickup. “He’s
got something special and nobody knows
what it is. So we’d better keep our eyes
skinned."

  “For what? We don’t know what he
looks like. The description they gave
could fit fifty people living in my sec-
tion.” A pause, then, “Heck, it could be
made to measure for this guy coming
along with the little fat dope.”

  “It could at that. Let’s stop him and
see what gives. Leave this to me." As-
suming an attitude of studied dis-
interest, the first speaker waited until
they drew level, wheeled swiftly on one
heel and snapped with sudden authority,
“Your name David Raven ?”

  Stopping and lifting a surprised eye-
brow, Raven said, “However did you
guess?”

  “Don't be funny," advised the ques-
tioner. scowling.

Raven turned to Charles. His tones
were pained. “He tells me not to be
THE STAR

funny. Do you think I’m funny?”

  “Yes,” responded Charles. “You’ve
been that way since you fell on your
head at the age of three.” His bland
and stupid-seeming eyes shifted to the
ranger. “Why do you want this person
named—er—”

  “There’s money on his head. Don’t
you use your spectroscreen?”
“Sometimes,” Charles admitted.
“Other times it bores me and I let it stay
dead.”

  The ranger commented to his com-
panions, “Now you know why some folk
stay poor.” Ignoring Raven, he con-
tinued with Charles, who was looking
suitably crushed.

  “He’s wanted sooner than immediate-
ly for imperilling the lives of crew and
passengers of a space-ship, opening an
airlock contrary to regulations, inter-
fering with navigation, refusing to obey
the lawful orders of a ship’s officer,
landing in a forbidden area, evading
medical examination on arrival, evading
customs search on arrival, refusing to
pass through the antibacterial steriliza-
tion chambers and—” He drew a breath,
asked one of the others, “Was there any-
thing else?”

  “Spitting in the main cabin," sug-
gested another who had long yearned to
do just that merely because a large
lettered notice warned him he mustn’t.

   “I never spit,” asserted Raven, giving
him the cold eye.

   “Shut op, you," ordered the first one,
making it plain that he was taking no
backchat from anyone. He switched to
Charles, preferring that worthy’s dumb-
ness. “If you happen to come across this
fellow, ring Westwood 1717 and tell us
where he is. We’ll see that you get your
fair share of the take.”

CHARLES was humbly grateful. He
said to Raven, “Come on, we’re late
already.”

  They walked off, conscious that the
three were watching them. The trio’s
undertone comments reached them in
the form of clear mental impulses.

WATCHERS	51

  “Took us for rangers, anyway."

  “Let’s hope some ranger captain does

too, if we happen to meet one.”

   “I still think Lancombe is way off the
track. There’s a tambar joint two blocks
down, so what say—”

  “Why don’t they dig up his picture
and distribute a few copies? There's
more to this than has been advertised."

  “Such as what?”

  “Perhaps Wollencott wants him for
personal reasons.”

   “Look, fellows, there’s a tambar joint

     ti

   “All right, we’ll go there for half an
hour.” The mental stream started to
fade very slowly. “If Wollencott wants
him—”

  They continued talking about Wollen-
cott until they dimmed beyond hearing.
Not one mentioned Thorstern or so much
as gave that name a passing thought.

  Which was quite a tribute to the
brains of the owner of the name.

XIII

Black and ugly reared the great
basalt castle that was the home of Thor-
stern. It dated back to the earliest days
of settlement when smooth, high walls
six feet thick were sure protection
against antagonistic jungle beasts of
considerable tonnage. Here the little
group of first-comers had stubbornly
clung until more shiploads built them up
in numbers and strength of arms suffi-
ciently to sally forth, take land and hold
it.

  But Thorstern had stepped in,
strengthened its neglected walls, added
battlemented towers and turrets. He
spent lavishly as though his calculated
obscurity in matters of power had to be
counterbalanced by blatancy in some
other direction. The result was a sinis-
ter sable architectural monstrosity that
loomed in the thickening fog like the
haunt of some feudal maniac who held
a countryside in thrall.

  Raven stood toying thoughtfully with
the lobe of an ear while he studied it.
52	STARTLING STORIES

  “Quite a fortress,” he remarked.
“What does he call it—the Imperial
Palace?”

  “Originally it was known as Base
Four,” Charles told him. "Thorstem re-
named it Blackstone. Locally it’s re-
ferred to as ‘the castle.' Well, what now?
Do we go in after him or wait for him
to come out?”

  “We’ll go in—in decent and civilized
manner,” Raven decided. "Through the
front gate.” After another look at their
objective, he added, “You talk while I
hold your arm and let my tongue hang
out. Then we’ll both look simple.”
“Thanks,” said Charles in no way of-
fended. Strutting officiously up to the
huge gate, he thumbed a bell push,
waited with Raven by his side.

  Four minds near by immediately ra-
diated four different but equally potent
oaths. They were pawn minds, all of
them. There was not a mutant in the
bunch.

  It was to be expected. Thorstern, as
an individual without talent other than
that given by above average brains,
would make full use of those blessed
with paranormal dexterities but would
not yearn for the pleasure of their com-
pany.

TN THESE respects the lord of the black
castle ran as true to type as the low-
liest of his servitors. It was a natural
psychological reaction based on the con-
cealed inferiority complex of Homo
Today in the presence of what looked
like Homo Tomorrow.

  So it was a blue-jowled, commonplace
pawn who opened a door in the thick
wall, came out and peered through the
heavy bars of the gate. He was squat,
thick-shouldered, irritable, but suffici-
ently disciplined to conceal his ire.
"Wanting someone?”

  “Thorstern,” Charles answered.

  “It’s Mister Thorstern,” reproved the
other. “You got an appointment?”
“No.”

  “He won't see anyone without an ap-
pointment. He’s a busy man.”

  "I am aware of the fact,” Charles
gave back. “Being so busy, he will wish
to see us with the minimum of delay.”
The guard frowned. His I.Q. was
around 70, and he was steered mostly by
his liver.

  “Well?” insisted Charles, fatly belli-
cose. “You going to keep us here come
Monday week?”

  The other registered the baffled dis-
taste of a slow mind that hates being
pushed faster than it wants to—or can
—move. Maybe he had better do some-
thing about this. The manifold ramifica-
tions of Thorstern brought all sorts of
people to the gate at all times, though
seldom as darkness fell.

  Licking his lips, he asked in a hoarse
voice, “What are your names?”

  “They don’t matter,” said Charles.
  “Well, what’s your business?”

  “That does matter.”

  “Heck, I can’t tell them just that!”
“Try it and see,” Charles advised.
Hesitating, the guard stared from one
to the other, absorbed mental comfort
from both without knowing it, went
back into the wall. Those in the tiny
room beyond greeted him with a chorus
of remarks that caused not a whisper
outside the door but did spike through
the basalt in neural waves and came
clearly to the pair waiting by the gate.

  “Cripes. You’re holding up the
game.”

  “Who is it, Baxter? Someone impor-
tant?”

  “They won’t say,” was the guard’s
glum mutter. Picking the phone off the
wall, he waited for its visiscreen to clear
and show who was responding at the
other end. He made his tones suitably
apologetic. “Two fellers at the gate. Say
they want to see Mister Thorstern.”
“About what?”

  “I don’t know. All they’ll tell me is
that it matters.”

  “That’s their opinion. The boss’s may
be different.”

  “Yes, sure.” Baxter was in a quandry.
“I thought I’d better check up with you.
What’ll I tell them?”
THE STAR

  “That they can state their business
in specific terms or start fumbling their
way back home.”

  "All right." Racking the phone, he
threw the onlookers a pained glance,
went into the rapidly gathering gloom.
“See here, you two, the—”

  He stopped, gaped outward beyond
the gate. Visibility was now down to a
mere four or five yards. Within that
small radius there was nobody, nobody
at all.

  “Hey!” he called into the wall of fog.
No reply. Again, much louder. “Hey!”
Nothing was to be heard but the dis-
mal drip of water and the dim, subdued
mixture of sounds from the city three
miles away.

  “Darn!” Giving it up, he returned to
the door. A thought struck him just as
he reached it, he came back and tried
the gate. It was securely fastened. He
glanced at its top. The quadruple row of
spikes three inches from the overhead
rock made it completely impassible. All
the same, he had a moment of strange
uneasiness. “Darn their hides!" he
repeated, and went indoors.

  Darkness became complete. The last
dim fadings of light were swept away as
if a gigantic shutter had been drawn
across the concealed sky. Behind the
gate there was a long narrow courtyard
where visibility was down to mere arm's
length.

THE two invaders halted in their pro-
gress through the courtyard. A large,
bolt-studded door was set deeply in the
wall immediately to their right Though
well hidden in the all-enveloping cloud,
they knew the door was there and moved
closer to inspect it.

  Charles said, “They fitted that gate
with a highly complicated lock contain-
ing fourteen tricky wards. Then they
fitted the lock itself with an alarm
guaranteed to scream bloody murder the
moment anyone tried to tamper with it
Finally, they included a cutoff in the at-
tendant's room so that the alarm would
not operate while he was seeing to a

WATCHERS	53

caller.” He gave a sniff of disdain.
“That’s what I call cleverness carried
to the point of stupidity."

  “Not necessarily,” Raven differed.
“Remember that they designed the lay-
out solely for coping with their own
kind, mutant or nonmutant. It’s quite
adequate for such a limited purpose.
Dealing with Denebs—or the likes of
you and me—is quite another problem."

  “You’re right, of course. That gate
comes nearer to the unbustable, accord-
ing to this world’s rudimentary notions
of unbustability. Do you see what I
see?”

  “Yes. There’s a black-light beam
across the passage just behind the door.
Open the door and you break the beam.”
“Everything to delay us,” grumbled
Charles, impatient of time-wasting fu-
tilities. “You’d think they had done it
deliberately.”

  “Well, you trace the lines while I tend
to the door. One man, one job.”

  He got 011 with his part straightaway.
It involved no more than standing with
hands in pockets and staring intently at
the obstacle. Meanwhile, Raven gazed
similarly at the thick rock to one side of
the door.

  Neither man said anything more.
Each concentrating on his own special
task, they stood side by side, unmoving,
and stared to the front as if transfixed
by a supernatural apparition invisible to
others. After a while, Charles relaxed,
took his attention from the door, but was
careful not to disturb the other.

  Half a minute later Raven likewise
eased up and said, “It goes along a
corridor, then down a passage to the
right and into a small anteroom. The
switch made a loud click when it
snapped up, but fortunately the room
was empty.”

  He braced a hand against the door,
gave it a shove. It swung inward,
heavily, without sound. The two stepped
boldly through, closed the door behind
them, walked along a narrow corridor
illuminated by sunken ceiling lights.
Their manner had the casual confidence
54	STARTLING STORIES

of people who had purchased the castle
last week and planned to furnish it to-
morrow.

  “All this gives some indication of the
psychology of Thorstern,” Raven com-
mented. "The bolts and bars and tell-
tale beams could easily be detected by
any mutant endowed with first-class
ESP, but he’d be unable to do anything
about them. On the other hand, a tele-
port could manipulate the lot without
any trouble—if only he could see them.
So the place is wide open to a multi-
talented mutant such as a teleport with
ESP. Thorstern proceeds on the as-
sumption that there is no such creature.
He’ll hate to think he’s wrong.”

  "He isn’t wrong.”

  "Not yet. Not today. But someday he
may be. That fellow Haller was classi-
fied as a pyrotic and no more, yet he
realized too much the moment I touched
him. He’d got a rudimentary form of
ESP and didn’t know it himself until
then. He’d got one and one-tenth tal-
ents.”

  "A freak,” defined Charles.

  "Exactly! So Brother Thorstern is
going to be anything but amiable when
confronted by two freakier freaks such
as ourselves.”

  "That’s a handicap, considering that
ohr purpose is to persuade him to see
reason.”

  “Your finger is right on the sore spot.
It’s not going to be easy to knock sense
into a powerful, ruthless individual mo-
tivated by fear. And it’s so much harder
when you don’t want to show him why
his suppositions are wrong and his fears
groundless.”

  He let the subject drop as they
reached the end of the corridor, turned
into the right-hand passage and found
three men walking toward them.

XIV

B EFORE any one of this trio had
time to react to his suspicions, Raven
said, brightly and with confidence that
disarmed, “Pardon me, which is the way
to Mr. Thorstern’s room?”

  He was answered by the middle one
who bore himself with a vague air of
authority. “First turn on the left, sec-
ond door on the left.”

  “Thanks.”

  The three stood aside to let them pass,
watched in silence as the invading pair
strolled casually by them, but their
minds shouted their inmost thoughts.

  “Any caller for Thorstern is met at
the gate and conducted to his room.
How come these two are ambling around
on their own? Never seen either of them
before.”

  “Something funny here,” pondered
the second one. “Not usual for visitors
to be left on the loose. I don’t like it.”

  "Second door on the left, eh? Gargan
thought fast when he gave them that
one.” The third was amused and un-
worried. “Trust Gargan always to play
safe. That’s why he’s never got any-
where.”

  The first one, who was Gargan, re-
sumed by deciding, “The moment they
get around that next bend I’ll give the
boss a warning buzz.”

  Raven turned the corner, threw
Charles a knowing glance, found the
second door on the left, paused in front
of it.

  “I can pick up a hopeless tangle of
thought streams and not one that says
it’s coming from Thorstern. That’s
natural, of course, since he won’t spend
all his time thinking solely of himself.”
He nodded at the door. “But there are
no minds behind that. The room is
empty. The walls are solid rock. The
door can be sealed by remote control.”

  “The better mousetrap," defined
Charles.

 “A very empty mousetrap, how-
ever.”

  Shoving the door open, Raven walked
inside, relaxed in a chair, eyed the
blank screen.

  Charles took a seat beside him, mak-
ing the chair squeak with his bulk. He
likewise kept his attention on the screen,
but his mind, like Raven’s, probed care-
fully in all directions.
THE STAR WATCHERS	55

f^LICK! went the door as relays op-
erated and a dozen hidden bolts slid
home. The screen glowed to life, swirled
and colored. A swarthy face appeared.

  “So Gargan was right. What are you
two doing there?”

  “Sitting and waiting,” said Raven.

  “I can see that. You’ve not much
choice about it, have you?” The face in
the screen registered a toothy and un-
pleasant smirk. “The guard at the gate
swears that nobody has been admitted.
Nevertheless, you two are inside.
There’s only one answer to that—you’re
a pair of hypnos. See if you can hypno-
tize a screen."

  “You seem to think it’s a crime to be a
hypno," said Raven, carefully kicking
the sore spot in a typical pawn mind.

  “It’s a crime for a hypno to use his
power for illegal purposes,” the other
retorted. “And, in case you don’t know,
it’s a crime to break into private prem-
ises.”

  Raven snapped, “In my considered
opinion, it’s also a crime for a thick-
headed underling to amuse himself in-
dulging adolescent triumph and let his
own boss go hang.” His features hard-
ened. “We’ve come to talk to Thorstern.
Better get him before someone paddles
some sense into you.”

  “Why, you loud-mouthed marsh
stink,” began the other, becoming livid,
“I could—”

  “You could what, Vinson?” inquired
a deep, resonant voice which came clear-
ly from the cabinet’s speaker. “It is a
great mistake to lose one’s temper. To
whom are you speaking?”

  Charles gave Raven a gentle nudge,
“That sounds like the almighty Thor-
stern himself.”

  “Not so almighty as he thinks he is,”
Raven said.

  The face in the screen had turned
sidewise, become submissive, and was
talking in apologetic tones. “It's a
couple of skew boys, sir. They busted in
somehow. We’ve got them pinned down
in Room Ten."

  “Indeed?” The voice was rich, calm,

unhurried. “Have they offered any rea-
son for such precipitate action ?”

  “They say they want to talk to you.”
“H’m! I don’t see why I should bother
to gratify their desires. Do they think I
am at everybody’s beck and call ?”
“Don't know, sir.”

  The invisible speaker changed his
mind. “Oh, well, since they’ve got this
far I might as well hear what they’ve
got to say. There’s a remote chance that
I might learn something useful.”
Servilely Vinson mouthed, “Yes, sir."
The face slipped off the screen, was
replaced by another. Big, muscular,
square-jowled, Thorstern was well past
middle age, with a thick mop of white
hair and deep bags under his eyes, but
still handsome in a virile way. His
character was engraved upon those
broad features—intelligent, ambitious.

  His sharp blue eyes looked over
Charles first, taking in all details from
feet to head, then moved to the other.

  Without the slightest evidence of sur-
prise or so much as a blink, he said,
“Dear me, I know you! Only a couple
of minutes ago I received your picture.
The name is David Raven.”

  Raven gazed back at him level-eyed.
“Now why could you possibly want a
picture of me?”

  “I did not want it,” riposted Thor-
stern. “It was thrust upon me by our
authorities who, on this planet at any
rate, can lay fair claim to efficiency.
Your photograph is being circulated.
Apparently our police are most anxious
to get hold of you.” He harumphed to
clear his throat, continued, “A person in
my position would be greatly embar-
rassed were he found harboring wanted
men. Therefore, if you have anything to
say, you had better say it quickly—be-
cause you haven’t got long.”

  “After which?”

HPHORSTERN’S broad shoulders rose
■*- in an expressive shrug. The gesture
was made in the manner of a Roman
emperor turning his thumbs down.

  “The police will take you away, and
56	STARTLING STORIES

my responsibility will cease.”

  “You’re quite a character,” Raven re-
marked, openly admiring him. “Too bad
you insist on balling up the works. It
makes our task so much the harder but
no less necessary.”

  “What task?”

  “To persuade you to call off the un-
declared war you are waging against
Terra.”

  “Heavens above!” Thorstern widened
his eyes in sardonic amazement. “Do
you expect me to believe that Terra
would send a petty criminal to inter-
view a mere business man about a
purely fanciful war?”

  “There is a war and you’re running
it.”

  “What proof have you?”

  “No proof is required,” said Raven.
  “Why not?”

  "Because you know it to be true even
though you don’t choose to admit it.
Proof would be necessary only to con-
vince a third party. There is no third
party present. This is solely between
yourself and us two.”

  "As one whose business and financial
ramifications are widespread,” said
Thorstern, becoming ponderous, “in-
evitably I have been the target of all
sorts of rumors and insults. The jealous
and the spiteful are always with us. But
I must admit that this bald and com-
pletely unsupported assertion of sur-
reptitious warmonering is the most
fantastic that has offended my ears to
date.”

  “It is neither fantastic nor unsup-
ported,” Raven contradicted. “Unfor-
tunately, it is a grim fact. It doesn’t
offend you, either. In fact, you take
secret pride in it. You are tickled to bits
because for once your well-publicized
dummy, Wollencott, has failed to grab
the limelight.”

  “Wollencott,” echoed Thorstern quite
unmoved. “I am beginning to see
things a little more clearly. I presume
that Wollencott—a melodramatic rabble
rouser if ever there was one—has
stamped on somebody's corns. So you’ve

stupidly followed a false trail he has
laid and it brought you straight to me.”
Charles stirred in his seat and
growled at the screen, “I am not in the
habit of smelling along false trails.”
“No?” Thorstern’s gaze shifted, ex-
amined him a second time. Again he
saw nothing but an obese individual
with a plump face and decidedly dull-
witted expression. “So you claim the
honor of identifying me as the prime
motive force behind an undeclared
war ?”

  “If it can be called an honor.”

  “Then, sir, you are not only a crack-
pot but a dangerous one.” He made a
disparaging gesture. “I have no time
for crackpots. It would be best to get
you off my hands and let the police deal
with you.” His face was severe as he
added coldly, “Like a good citizen, I have
the utmost confidence in our police.”
Charles retorted, “You are referring
to those that happen to be in your pay.
Everyone on this planet has good reason
to fear them.” His lazy gaze sharpened
suddenly so that for the briefest mo-
ment he looked neither fat nor futile.
“Except us!”

  “You may yet find good reason to
change that opinion,” Thorstern as-
sured. He transferred his attention
back to Raven. “I deny all your accusa-
tions and fhat is that! If Terra thinks
there is need to reassert her authority
over Venus, let her do so in the proper
quarter and in the proper way. Wollen-
cott is the man you want without a
doubt.”

  “We aren’t interested in false fronts,”
Raven told him. “If we snatch Wollen-
cott you will laugh most heartily, re-
place him with the next stooge on your
private list. You won’t lift a finger to
save Wollencott because you’ll assign to
him the useful role of Venusian nation-
alism’s first martyr. Terra has some-
thing better to do than provide a petty
god with a few saints.”

  “The said deity being me?” inquired
Thorstern.

  “Of course. The sensible thing for us
THE STAR WATCHERS

to do is get at the man who operates the
puppets. That's why we've come direct
to you. The alternative is to accept the
fact that you are not amenable to reason
and cope with you in some other and
more effective manner."

  “That is a veiled threat.” Thorstern
revealed strong white teeth. “It comes
strangely from one so completely at my
mercy."

  “Enjoy yourself,” advised Raven.
“It's later than you think.”

  “I am now beginning to doubt your
inherent criminality," Thorstern con-
tinued, ignoring the remark. “I think
you are a case for a psychiatrist. You
are motivated by a powerful obsession
that I, Emmanuel Thorstern, a prosper-
ous Venusian trader, am a kind of Go-
liath to whom you must play the part
of David.” He glanced down at a desk
they could not see in the screen and
finished with considerable acidity, “Yes,
I see that your name actually is David.
Possibly you are conditioned by it.".

  “Not so much as you are by Em-
manuel,” Raven suggested.

r1 PRODUCED the first visible re-
action on the other's strong features.
Momentarily forsaking his determined
composure, Thorstern scowled, then
rasped, “I have broken men for less than
that."

  “And the last laugh has been theirs.”
“Has it?” He lifted a heavy eyebrow.
“Such people must have a most peculiar
way of laughing."

  “You didn’t see enough. You see only
what your eyes tell you they see, and
that's your handicap. The point is that
you may smash men but you’ll never
smash Terra. Call off this war while yet
there is time.”

  "Or?”

  “Or Terra will strike in her own way.
Like to know how?”

  “I'm listening.”

  “She will remove the opposition's key
men one by one, starting with you!”
Thorstern wasn’t fazed. Neither was
he annoyed. Sweeping back his thick

57

mop of white hair with a quick motion
of his hand, he consulted some papers
below the level of the screen and spoke
judicially.

  “My conscience being clear, I have no
reason to be apprehensive of summary
removal. Furthermore, we are all Ter-
rans in law, subject to the Terran sys-
tem of jurisdiction which regards a
citizen as innocent until evidence of
guilt is forthcoming. Such evidence will
be impossible to produce, especially in
the absence of certain witnesses, includ-
ing yourselves.”

“A counterthreat,” Raven commented.
“Construe it as you please. You do not
seem to appreciate your own position.”
“We know it. We are trapped—you
hope.”

  “You are in a room with solid walls
and devoid of windows. The only door is
multiple locked by remote control and
cannot be unlocked, except remotely. It
is a room reserved for interviews with
paranormals of unknown power and un-
known purposes.”

  “Rather elaborate precautions for the
home of an honest trader, aren’t they?”
Raven asked.

  “I have elaborate interests to protect.
The means I have detailed are not all by
a long chalk. You have reached only the
second line of defense. Even in this room
from which I am speaking you would
find me invulnerable!”

  Smiling o himself, Raven said, “It
would be nice to put that to the test.”
“You will not be given the chance. Get
it into your slow-thinking minds that
ordinary men are not without ability.
Some of us—myself especially—know
how to deal with paranormals. You can-
not read my mind, can you? You don’t
know where I am, in which direction, or
how far away. I may be within ten yards
of you, my thought stream grounded by
an intervening wall of silver mesh, or I
may be the other side of the planet.’’

' “Sounds like you're scared of some-
one.”

  “I fear nobody,” rasped Thorstern,
and was speaking truth. “But I do rec-
5#	STARTLING STORIES

ognize the existence of powers denied
to me and therefore use prudence. On
Venus or Mars one can do little else.
Our proportion of paranormals is high,
a factor Terra should take into account
before starting something she might not
be able to stop.”

  “Terra has mutants of her own,”
Raven told him. “Far more than you
suppose. Who carted the lot of you to
new planets in the first place? The Ter-
ran space-fleet which was and still is
manned by men who’ve spent anything
from fifteen to twenty years zooming
through the deep dark and absorbing
hard radiations. Many children of space-
dogs aren’t like other people’s children.”
“I’ll take you up on that.” Thorstern
felt the gratification of one about to
make an unanswerable point. “If, as you
pretend, there is a war being waged,
why doesn’t Terra retaliate in kind with
her own mutants?”

  “Who said Venus was using mutants
for her attacks?” Raven asked sharply.

Thorstern spent one-tenth of a second
chiding himself for the obvious blunder,
then covered up by asking in mock sur-
prise, “Isn’t that what is happening?”
“No.”

  “What then?”

  “Something a good deal worse. The
nationalist underground movement is
using a new kind of undetectable ray to
sterilize our womenfolk.”

  “That’s a lie!” His voice was loud and
Ireful, his face slightly flushed.

  “Of course it is,” admitted Raven,
without shame. “And< you know it.
You’ve just said so. How do you know?”
“No man could play so lousy a trick.”
Secretly irked by his second successive
mistake, Thorstern decided he would
fake no more. “I am going to deal with
you as I would with any other menacing
crazies who break into my home.”

  “If you can.”

  “It will be absurdly easy. Every skew-
boy has exactly the same kind of lungs
as everyone else. He goes to sleep as
swiftly and deeply, even though he may
be a nocturnal. He is as helpless in his

slumbers as any new-born babe.”
“Meaning you intend to gas us into
insensibility?”

  “Precisely,” agreed Thorstern.

  "And you refuse to do anything about
stopping this war?”

  “Don’t be silly. I cannot admit that
there is a war, much less that I have any
part of it. I am treating you as unsavory
characters badly wanted by the police
and I’m going to ensure that they take
you away peacefully. That is my duty
as a law-abiding citizen.”

  He leaned forward as if reaching for
something near the edge of the screen.

XV

^^.LREADY slumped low in his chair,
Charles suddenly slid down further,
quietly, undramatically. His plump face
was pale, his eyes closed.

  Raven stood up, removing his atten-
tion from the man in the screen. Bend-
ing over Charles, he tugged him back
into sitting position, slid a hand under
the packet and gently rubbed him over
the heart.

   “Quite a diverting little byplay,” re-
marked Thorstern, still bent forward,
but with his hand momentarily arrested.
“The fat boy plays sick. You massage
his chest, looking serious and worried.
In a few moments you’ll tell me he will
die unless something is done mighty
quick. I am then supposed to go into a
panic, withhold the gas, withdraw the
bolts and send somebody running to you
with a tambar bottle.”

  His back still turned to the screen,
Raven said nothing. He remained over
Charles, holding him in the chair, rub-
bing near to the heart.

  “Well, it won’t work.” Thorstern
practically spat out the words. “It is too
infantile a trick to deceive a halfwit. Be-
sides, if that fat boy’s stroke did happen
to be genuine I would be quite content to
sit here and watch him die.”

  “I am glad you said that.” Raven did
not bother to look around. “People like
us frequently are handicapped by ethical
THE STAR WATCHERS	59

considerations. It is a characteristic
weakness. We are weak where men like
you are strong.”

  “Thank you,” said Thorstern with
sarcasm. “Flattery will not avail you
either.”

  “So it is quite a relief when prospec-
tive victims sweep all our qualms away,”
added Raven. He swung round, looked
straight into the screen, his eyes silver-
flecked and luminous. “Goodby, Emman-
uel ! Some day we may meet again!"

  The other did not reply. He was in-
capable of it. His formerly powerful
features were now undergoing a series
of violent contortions. Still gently
chafing the flaccid body in the chair,
Raven watched without surprise. Thor-
stem's tormented features dropped be-
low the level of the screen. A hand
appeared, grasping spasmodically. The
face came back, contorted in manner
harrowing to see. All this had taken no
more than thirty seconds.

  Then the phenomenon departed as
swiftly as it had arrived. The facial
muscles relaxed, composed themselves,
the countenance tidied itself, though
still shining with perspiration. The deep
voice spoke again, cool, calm, collected.
It appeared to be addressing a hidden
microphone somewhere to the left.

  “Baxter, my two visitors are about to
leave. See that they are not obstructed.”

HE REACHED forward, touched a
stud and the door bolts slid back. It
was his last deed in this existence, for
the whole face changed again, the mouth
fell open, the head vanished from the
screen as the body gave way beneath it.

  Charles stirred as Raven shook him
with great vigor. Opening his eyes, he
shivered, got to his feet, teetered a little
and breathed heavily.

  “We must move fast, David. I thought
I had him, but the cunning devil—”

  “I know. Come on!”

  He jumped to the door, jerked it open,
hustled Charles through. Hurriedly they
passed through the area of the still in-
operative beam, out through the door

and into the thick fog of the courtyard.
The welter of surrounding thoughts lent
urgency to their feet.

  “ ... so this coutch dancer comes on
like an educated snake . . . He’s dead, I
tell you. . . . take more than a Hotsy to
set fire to that dump . . . ivas reaching
for the gas-stud when they got him
somehow, heaven knows how. .. . story
goes that someone was on Jupiter a
couple of years back but I reckon it’s an-
other Terran rumor because . .. hardly
at the gate yet. Get the siren going .. .
shoot on sight ...”

  Baxter, surely as ever, was waiting at
the gate. Bad visibility prevented his
recognizing them until they were close,
and then his eyes popped wide.

  “You? How’d you get in?”

  “Is it any business of yours?” Raven
gestured at the steel barrier. “Obey or-
ders and open up. Hurry! We’re pressed
for time.”

  “Are you now?” Baxter paused, one
hand on the lock, and glowered at them.
“Who’s doing this job, you or me?”
“Me!” said Raven. He punched Baxter
on the nose, licked his knuckles. “Sorry,
chum.”

  There had been plenty of vim and
weight behind the blow. The guard went
down and lay there making bubbling
noises. Turning the lock, Raven flung
the gate open. “You’ve done enough,”
he told Charles. “Time you went home.”
“Not likely!” Charles gave him a
knowing look. “The gaping gate is a gag,
otherwise you wouldn’t have smacked
down that noisy sleeper. So you’re going
back inside.” He began to retrace his
steps into the courtyard, doing it at a
fast waddle. “And so am I.”

  Then the alarm sounded. It was an
electric siren located high above the
battlements. Beginning with a low and
eerie moan, it speeded up to an ear-
splitting screech that ripped through the
fog, echoed and re-echoed across the sur-
rounding countryside.

  The two hastened through the en-
veloping cloud that pressed damply on
their faces, created pearls of moisture
60	STARTLING STORIES

in their hair and trailed streakily behind
them in thin wisps that resembled fine
wool. At the farther end of the court-
yard, well beyond the door they had
previously entered, was a narrow stone
archway with a lantern dangling from
its center, a lantern obviously intended
more for ornament than utility. That
was the impression it gave and was in-
tended to give. It hung in ornate inno-
cence and cast a thin fan of black light
on a row of pinhead-sized cells set in
the step beneath the arch.

  The siren was still wailing as Raven
sought to trace the leads from this de-
ceitful setup. Finally, he stepped
through the arch, Charles following. A
moment later the siren ceased its clamor,
dying out with a horrid moan. The en-
suing hush was disrupted by angry
voices coupled with a host of equally
wrathful thought forms.

  “Would have taken longer than I’d
liked to bust that beam,” Raven re-
marked. “The lines run all over the shop
and back through a large switchboard.
However, I was lucky.”

  “In what way?”

  “Breaking the beam vibrates a visible
telltale, and nobody was watching it at
the moment. There seems to be quite a
panic inside.”

  He stood close to the wall, peered
around the corner and through the arch
toward the gate. A scuffling of many feet
could be heard in the gloom, a jabber of
voices, each trying to overshout the
others. It was easier to listen to their
minds.

  “Too late. Gate’s open. Here he is, flat
out. Well, you three were in the room.
What were you doing when he got
conked? Playing jimbo? Hear that? Any
skewboy can bust in or out while these
lazy bums play jimbo. Let’s after ’em.
How’re we going to do that? Feeling our
way like blind men? Think we’ve got
radar vision ? Not on your life. I tell you
they’re skewboys and multitalented at
that!”

  “They won’t be so hot,” someone said,
“when we catch ’em.”

/'"’HARLES whispered, “If I were like
^ them, I’d hate the guts of people like
us.”

  “They do, and I don’t blame them.”
Raven gestured for silence. “Listen!”

  “Aw, have it your own way. I’m going
after them. They can’t get away without
making noises, and I’m going to shoot at
noises and ask questions afterward.
Coming along, Sweeny? What I call a
really talented feller is one who can
digest a lump of lead.”

  The thoughts of these pursuers faded
as their minds turned to the task of lis-
tening to fugitive feet. Those remaining
by the gate were still trying to revive the
stricken Baxter. Another jumble of
neural waves was radiating from inside
the castle.

  "Nothing to show what killed him.
Seems like his heart just stopped. I tell
you it was sheer coincidence. No hypno
can operate through a scanner, much
less cause his subject to die. Then
why’d he draw the bolts and order the
gate open? He was hypnoed good and
proper, I tell you, and through a scanner
at that! Those two guys have got some-
thing nobody human ought to have!”

  “You did well there,” Charles mur-
mured with approval. “When you
scowled into the screen at precisely the
right moment it put them clean off the
track. They’re putting all the blame on
you.”

  “I’d hate them to get on the right
track.”

  “Yes, so would I.” The plump face
puckered as Charles went on, "If only
there were some way of telling them
things without giving it to the Denebs
for free.”

• “There isn’t. There’s no way, no way
at all.”

  “I know.” He went quiet, again lis-
tened to the other minds.

  “You called Plain City yet? Yes,
they’ve a bunch on the way. The boss
will have fourteen fits when he gets back
and hears all about this.”

  “There you are.” Raven nudged the
other. “What we wanted to know. Thor-
THE STAR

stern’s not here but is expected. That
fellow in the room looked nothing like
Thorstern by the time you were using
him. A malleable, eh?”

  “I knew it the moment I made con-
tact,” said Charles, becoming dis-
gruntled again. “It came like a shock,
but it was nothing to the shock I gave
him."

   “He’ll have got over it now. Death is
quite a considerable relief to the feel-
ings.” He gave a quiet laugh. “Isn’t it?”
Ignoring the question, Charles con-
tinued, “He was a guy named Greatorex
and one of the only three mutants per-
mitted in the place. They’ve been trained
to impersonate Thorstern to such per-
fection that it becomes second nature.
That’s why he talked about being invul-
nerable in the room. The big boss him-
self was invulnerable simply because he
wasn't there.”

  “Where are the other pair? Did his
mind tell you?”

   “Somewhere in the city, taking it easy
until they’re wanted.”

  “Humph! You can see what that
means. If Thorstern is due back and
doesn’t know what's happened, he’ll
probably come in person. But if some-
body has made contact and given him all
the details, he may play safe by handing
us another malleable. Listen to this fel-
low ... he’s getting ideas.”

  It was coming through the wall. “All
right, the gate was open and one of those
dopy guards put down. Does that mean
they've taken it on the run? Maybe
they’re still hanging around. I say we
ought to search this dump and the
sooner the better.”

  A thinner, more impatient mind an-
swered, “You’re crammed to the ears
with ifs, buts and supposings. I can do
plenty of that myself when I’ve nothing
better to do. For instance, suppose they
happen to be supermalleables, wliat
then? You've not only got to find out
where they are but also who they are.
Heck, one of them might have bloodied
his own beak, laid flat and had a hard
time keeping his face fixed while kidding

WATCHERS	61

the lot of us that he is Baxter." A brief
pause, then, “Come to that, how do you
know that I am me?”

  Raven grumbled, “Some folks lack the
ability to leave well enough alone.”
“That comes well from you," observed
Charles, indulging in a fat smile.

  “I asked for it.” Raven stared again
into the courtyard, surveyed surround-
ing walls. “The hunt is on. We’ve no
choice but to try to dodge them until
either Thorstern or his image arrives.”

XVI

Dodging wasn’t so difficult. Raven
and Charles sat in the thick, all-conceal-
ing mist atop a blank, battlemented wall
some forty feet high. A tree-cat might
have scented them up there. A chirrup-
ing supersonic could have got a stream
of echoes from them. Even a floater
could have found them by obeying hi3
natural instinct to snoop where pawns
could not

   But the hunters were men in the ordi-
nary, everyday sense of the term. They
had their limitations as has every other
life form great or small, for the great
are within other, different and often in-
conceivable limits, just as binding, just
as restricting, although in a wider sense.

  To these pawn minds a mutant was a
kind of vaudeville character who had
gone too far, developed delusions of
grandeur and mijht at any time unite
with ruthless prototypes to make slaves
of normal men. A multitalented mutant
was infinitely worse, a nonhuman crea-
ture disguised in human shape and
theoretically capable of anything, any-
thing at all.

  The notion of being suddenly con-
fronted by a biological monstrosity
which was hypno-telepath-pyrotic-what-
ever all rolled into one, with no handi-
caps other than the sole inability to out-
jump a bullet, was too much for two of
the searchers.

  One went through the archway, point-
ing a peculiar hand lamp on the studs to
keep them activated. He sought futilely
62	STARTLING STORIES

around the area, his eyes wide, his back
hairs erect, and passed a couple of times
right under the feet of the quarry before
he gave up and went out.

  Another emerged from the courtyard
door, caught the vague sound of move-
ment, looked toward the arch. The two
approached carefully, hesitantly, until
each saw a form looming in the fog.

  Both barked, “Who’s that?” and trig-
gered simultaneously.

  One missed. The other got a slug in
his left arm. The sound of shots stirred
the edgy castle still further. Somebody
in the distance far beyond the gate fired
vertically and plugged a darker patch of
fog that was anything but man-shaped.
The ether became full of abuse.

  "According to what I hear, there has
been a large number of questionable
marriages in the past.” Raven leaned
forwai’d, stared past his dangling feet.

  “I hear something else.” Charles
glanced upward. “Do you ?”

  “Yes. Someone’s coming. I’ve got a
feeling that it’s the man we want.”

  The sound was a superswift whup-
wkup-whup as of giant vanes whirling
at considerable altitude. The copter was
coming from the east, flying high above
the night fog.

\ THIN orange-colored ray shot from
a corner turret of the castle, spiked
upward through the cloud and gleamed
steadily. The noise of vanes grew louder
as the oncoming machine lowered to-
ward the beacon. A minute later it was
directly overhead.

  Guided either by its own instruments
or radioed instructions from the ground,
the copter lowered into the mist, boldly
descended through it, landed on the
graveled area outside the gate. The
orange beam cut off. Several pairs of
feet ran through the courtyard and out
the gate toward the new arrival.

  "Now to join the deputation.” Edging
off the stonework, Raven dropped the
forty feet to ground. He did not drift
down like a floater. He fell in the same
manner with which he had plunged into

the forest, a swift and normal fall
checked by last-minute deceleration.
Charles followed in exactly the same un-
canny way.

  There was a minor uproar of voices
and accompanying thought forms com-
ing from the direction of the shrouded
copter. A dozen men all trying to talk at
once. Two of the gate guards were
lounging outside their post and looking
toward the tumult with such intentness
that neither took much notice of the
vaguely outlined pair who hastened
through the gate.

  The escaping pair went only a little
way toward the machine, just far
enough for the fog to hide them from
the watchers by the gate. At that point
they took a half circle that brought them
near the copter on the side farthest from
the castle.

  A man, grim-faced and gimlet-eyed,
was standing at the top of the copter’s
landing ladder. He looked like the twin
brother of the unfortunate Greatorex.

  The minds of those talking to him re-
vealed a most curious situation. Not one
knew with any degree of certainty
whether Thorstern himself had died and
they were now reporting the fact to a
dummy, or whether a substitute had
suffered and they were telling Thor-
stern himself or another substitute.

  With masterful cunning the would-be
dictator of a world had been frank with
them, let them in on his scheme of quad-
rupling himself, then drilled them to
accept any obvious Thorstern as the
real Thorstern.

  The trick was useful in the extreme.
No mind probe could detect a substitu-
tion in the brain of anyone serving the
poseur. Neither could any of the lead-
er’s rank and file be tempted to take a
crack at him in person, knowing that the
odds were three to one against nailing
the right man and that vengeance was
sure to follow.

  But for once the man atop the lad-
der was caught napping. No silver
mesh screen insured the privacy of his
mind. He was in the open and prima-
THE STAR WATCHERS	63

rily concerned with getting a fair idea
of what had happened within his hide-
out.

  His mind admitted that he was in-
deed Thorstern and no other, a fact
that would have lent comfort to the
gripers now before him had there been
a 1M among them. Already he was
concerned with the notion of returning
to Plain City to speed up the hunt and
of sending another impersonator back
to the castle to take the full brunt of
any second blow that might be made.

  “Then this guy glared straight at
him as if to say, ‘I hope you drop
dead,’ ” continued the frontmost talk-
er. “Upon which he did just that!
When a couple of things that aren’t
human can waltz straight in and—”
“Through the gate, through the
alarm system and everything else,”
contributed a second. “Then top it by
walking out of a locked room.”

  A third voiced exactly what was in
the listening man’s mind- “What gives
me the willies is the fact that if they
can do it once, they can do it again—
and maybe more besides."

  Thorstern backed half a step.
“You’ve searched the place? Thorough-
ly?”

  “Every inch, boss. Couldn’t find hair
nor hide of them. We called for some
help from town. They’re sending some
pussies and a gang of skewboys. Fight
fire with fire.”

  As if in confirmation there came
from far away the faint, irritable
yowling of haltered tree-cats.

  “They’ll do a fat lot of good," opined
the first, too pessimistic to care who
knew it. “Not unless they happen to
meet Raven and the fat chump on the
way. They’ve had a long start by now.”
Thorstern felt he had heard enough
and came to a decision. “In view of all
thiB I’d better go back to town. I’ll
return immediately I'm satisfied every-
thing’s being done that can be done-
Expect me back in a couple of hours’
time or three at most.”

  He said it straight-faced, knowing

that he had not the slightest intention
of returning so long as it might be at
his personal peril. Another would
double for him on his next appearance.

  “If any more come asking for me,
tell them I’m away, yon don’t know
where. If a caller proves to be this
Raven again, or looks a little bit like
him, talks or acts like him, or gives you
reason to think he’s animated by simi-
lar ideas, don’t argue or give him a
chance. Use your guns on him and use
them effectively. I will accept full
responsibility should anyone make a
mistake.”

  With that, he stepped into the copter
with an air of self-confident delibera-
tion which concealed his inward desire
to get away fast. He was shaken,
though he took every care not to show
it.

HE GROWLED at the pilot, “Get go-
ing,” and lay back in his seat. His
mood was one of worried introspec-
tion.

  The vanes whirled, the machine
bounced a little, rocked slightly and
went up. Raven and his companion
went up with it by the simple method
of stepping close and hooking a leg
over the wheel braces. Formerly hid-
den from view of the talkers by the
copter’s intervening bulk, they became
momentarily visible as they soared. A
group of startled faces got a good look
at them for two or three seconds be-
fore they disappeared into the ground-
hugging cloud. Reaction was angry
and confused.

  “Quick, gimme that gun- Quick, I
say! You got ten thumbs?”

  “Easy, Meaghan, you might hit the
boss.”

  “Or the pilot. D’you want a ton of
metal dropped on your crust?”

  “Got to do something. Darn these
skewboys I”

  “Phone the city again. They’ll shoot
’em off the undercarriage as it de-
scends.”

  “This is where a couple of well-
64	STARTLING STORIES

armed floaters might do some good.
Why not—”

  “Stick around, Dillworth, in case the
pilot smells a rat and comes down.”
The speaker perked his ears, caught
the still rising whup-tvhup-ivhup. “No,
he’s carrying on. Stick around all the
same.”

  “Where are you going?”

  “Inside. I’ll contact the boss on the
radio and tell him what’s underneath.”
“Good idea. A shower of slugs will
blow them off their perch.”

  The copter came out of the cloud
into bright starlight and the shine
from a mock moon called Terra. They
had emerged from the haze at nine
hundred feet. Daytimes it rose to a
minimum of forty thousand, leaving
the ground dull but clear

  Heading directly for the Plain City
beacon, the pilot was content to skim
over the fog. There was no point in
gaining more altitude during so short
a run. Subconsciously he sensed that
the machine was less lively than it had
been an hour ago. But he wasn’t wor-
ried about it. At night the atmosphere’s
oxygen content varied from hour to
hour and tended to make his motors
seem temperamental.

. He was already over the city when
the radio beeped, and he put out a hand
to switch on his mike. At the same time
the door opened and Raven stepped in-
side.

  “Good evening,” he said to Thor-
stern, very pleasantly.

  With his hand still hovering over the
switch, the pilot threw a hurried
glance through the windshield to con-
firm that he really was airborne, then
growled, “How the blue blazes—”
“Stowaway reporting, sir.” Raven
grinned at him. “And there’s another
one outside riding the rods. A much
bulkier one.” He turned his attention
to Thorstern, followed that person’s
intent gaze to a side pocket. “I
shouldn’t if I were you,” he advised.

  Deciding that it’s for bosses to do the
bossing, the pilot flipped his switch

and snapped, “Well?”

  A voice drummed from the tiny
speaker. “Tell Mr. Thorstei-n to grab
a gun and put a dozen slugs through
the floor- Those two guys are squatting
on the undercarriage.”

  “He knows,” said the pilot.

  "Good grief!” The voice said in an
aside to someone else, "The boss al-
ready knows.” Then it asked the’pilot,
“What’s he done about it?”

  The pilot turned inquiringly to
Thorstern who sat cold-eyed, stony-
faced, uttering not a word.

  “Nothing,” the pilot reported.

  “You don’t mean—” The other’s ris-
ing tones suddenly cut off, and there
came a sharp click as the distant trans-
mitter closed down.

  “He’s jumping to conclusions,” ob-
served Raven. “He thinks you’re both
out of the fight and that he’s been talk-
ing to me.”

  “And who may you be?” asked the
pilot, his tone suggesting that only
hobos came aboard in mid-air.

  Thorstern spoke for the first time.
“Keep out of this, Jessop. There’s
nothing you can do.”

  His bothered brain provided an in-
teresting example of how inconsequen-
tial thoughts sometimes come upper-
most in times of crisis. He was in a
jam and, judging by what had occur-
red at the castle, it was a very tight
one.

BUT all he thought of at that mo-
ment was, “An antigrav cab has a
load limit of five hundred pounds. A
copter can haul more than a ton. If
I’d used an antigrav I wouldn’t be in
this fix. After this, no more copters for
me. Not unless I’ve got an escort.”
“You’ve got an escort—my friend
and myself,” Raven pointed out. He
shoved the door open. “Come on. We’re
stepping out.”

  Thorstern stood up slowly. “I’d
break my neck.”

  “You’ll be all right. We’ll have hold
of you.”
THE STAR WATCHERS	85

  “Whatfs to stop your letting go?"

  “Not a thing."

  Thorstern’s mental reaction was,
“He can hypnotize me into doing any-
thing he wishes, anything at all, even
to dying, by remote influence, through
a scanner. It would be better to do
things of my own free will. I can bide
my time. Other circumstances provide
other opportunities."

  “That’s being sensible," Raven ap-
proved. “Stay with us until we blunder.
Then you can tear our hearts out."

  “I know you’re a 1M and can treat
my mind like an open book.” Thorstern
moved toward the door. “And more be-
sides. There's nothing I can do about it
—yet!”

  He braced himself as Raven backed
out ahead of him, grasped an arm. and
Charles reached up to take the other.
Thorstern had brains and a good deal
of animal courage, but his whole
nature rebelled against a leap into
space. With a parachute or antigrav
belt he would not have hesitated for a
moment. With no more than other
hands grasping him it wasn’t so good.

  So he closed his eyes and held his
breath as they left the copter and
plummeted down. He was conjuring
visions of a rocky wall or tilted roof
rocketing from the whiteness to smash
his legs and break his body when a
powerful pull on both arms slowed
him down. A gable end rose from the
mist, brushed his feet, then he landed
in a street.

  Par overhead the pilot was gabbling
into his transmitter. “Couple of fellers
took him out. I took it for granted they
were floaters but they went down like
stones. There was something mighty
queer about the whole business. He
went without wanting to, but he went."

  Raven said, “Your friend Jessop is
on the police band and screaming for
help.”

   “I don’t think it will be of much use.”
Thorstern looked around, trying to
Identify his surroundings in the dim
light. “But no matter.”

  “Becoming fatalistic?”

  “I accept circumstances that are
temporarily beyond my power to
change. I have learned to wait. No
game goes wholly in one’s favor all the
time. It is the last and final move that
counts."

  The statement was devoid of mis-
placed confidence or braggadocio. It
was the voice of experience, the con-
sidered opinion of one whose com-
plicated plans frequently had suffered
obstructions, delays, setbacks, all of
which had been overcome next week,
next month or the following year. He
was admitting that this unlucky night
he was beaten and if he died would be
finished for keeps, but he was also warn-
ing them that while he lived there was
always tomorrow.

XVII

Mavis opened the door and let
them in without being summoned by
a knock or ring. Expressing neither
pleasure nor surprise, she had the mat-
ter-of-fact air of one who has kept
completely in touch with events and
knew exactly what was happening
from moment to moment.

  In the manner of a mother mildly
reproving a small and wayward child,
she said to Charles, “You are going to
regret this. I feel it coming.” Then she
went into the kitchen.

  “Now we’ve got still another type of
mutant,” grumbled Charles- He
flopped into a chair, making its seat
bulge down between the legs. “A prog-
nosticator.”

  Thorstern stared after her in open
approval and remarked, “It’s a pleas-
ure to hear someone talking sense.”
“Everyone talks sense according to
his or her particular lights. Each man
is his own oracle.” Raven shoved a
pneumaseat toward him. “Sit down.
You don’t have to play statues just be-
cause you’re in bad company.”

  The other sat. Already he was striv-
ing to drive away a series of thoughts
66	STARTLING STORIES

that insisted on coming back. He was
anxious not to nurse them because they
could be seen whenever these two saw
fit to peer inside his skull and, for all
he knew, they were peering without
cease. So he tried to swat the thoughts
as one would swat half a dozen annoy-
ing flies, but they hung around and
kept buzzing.

  "This pair of multis can protect their
thoughts. Probably the woman can
also. But I can’t hide my own and
doubt whether they can shield them
for me. The patrols already will be
scouring the streets, some concentrat-
ing on this neighborhood. They’ll in-
clude whatever telepaths can be dug up
at this late hour- So unless this room
has built-in screens to give it privacy,
there’s a fair chance that some passing
mind probe will recognize my thought
stream and identify its source.”

GIVING Raven a surly eye, he said,
“I’ve jumped out in midair. I’ve
sat down when told. I’ve obeyed orders.
What next?”

  “A talk.”

  “It’s two in the morning. You could
have talked tomorrow by appointment
and at a reasonable hour.” He pursed
his lips. “Was there any need for all
this preliminary melodrama?”

  "Unfortunately, yes. You’ve made it
hard to gain contact. You and the
organization over which you preside.”
“Meaning my extensive trading in-
terests? Nonsense! Seems to me you’re
animated by a persecution complex.”
“We’ve been through all this before.
Didn’t you get a record of our con-
versation with your very accomplished
impersonator?”

  Much as he would have liked to deny
all knowledge of any troubles, Thor-
stern was too wise to let himself utter
something that was simultaneously
contradicted by his mind.

  So he said, truthfully, “I’ve not yet
had the details of what you said to
Greatorex. All I do know is that he’s
dead and you had a hand in it. I don't

like it. Eventually you won’t like it
either!”

  Charles emitted a loud sigh and in-
terjected, "That’s a nice, vivid, satisfy-
ing picture of people hanging by their
necks. Your imagination operates in
full colors. A few of the details are in-
accurate, though. The knots are in the
wrong place. And I don’t possess two
left feet.”

  “Do I have to endure criticism in ad-
dition to mental prying?” Thorstern
asked Raven.

  “He couldn’t resist it. Sadistic pleas-
ures ask for adverse comment.” Raven
paced to and fro, the prisoner’s gaze
following. “Under the delusion that
Greatorex was really you, we asked
him to stop cutting off Terra’s toes. We
gave him fair warning that toe-cutting
is something the victim has every right
to resent. He insisted on playing the
tune as before. Superb as his act
proved to be, he was hamstrung.”
“Why?” asked Thorstern, watching.
“It was not within his power to make
a major decision on your behalf.
Knowing you, he didn’t dare. By virtue
of his peculiar position he was without
the initiative that could have saved
him.” He made a that-is-that gesture.
“And so he’s dead.”

  “For which you’re now sorry?”
“Sorry?” Raven turned toward him,
eyes bright with silver motes in their
iris. “Certainly not! We couldn’t care
less!”

  It sent a most unpleasant feeling
down Thorstern’s back. When there
was a highly desirable end in view he
could be decidedly cold-blooded him-
self but never did he display it with
such open callousness.

  “Seems there are others who enjoy
sadistic pleasures,” he stabbed, quite
reasonably.

  "You misunderstand. We are not
happy about the matter but neither do
we grieve. You can call it splendid in-
difference.”

  “Practically the same thing.” This
was an opportune moment to catch the
THE STAR WATCHERS	67

ears of a patrol if one were near. “I
don’t know how you did it but I call it
murder!”

  Mavis came in with the percolator
and cups. She poured three, set out a
plate of biscuits.

  "Our visitor is talking about mur-
der,” Charles told her. His chuckle was
fat and hearty. "Know what it means?”
Giving him a look of mock menace,
she retorted, “Some day I hope to,” and
retired again to the kitchen.

  “Murder isn’t funny,” stated Thor-
stern.

  "Not to those left weeping,” Raven
agreed. “The victim himself never
seems to mind.” Again the strangely
penetrating examination. “Ever no-
ticed how little resentment is shown by
the dead?”

  “I’ve noticed they’re sometimes
avenged by the living.”

  "It is imaginary vengeance. Some
cannot smell blood without thirsting
for more.”

  That was an obtuse crack at himself,
Thorstern felt. An undeserved one.
Whatever else he might be, he was not
a bloodthirsty monster. True, he was
running what whining Terrans saw fit
to call a war but which was in reality
a liberation movement. A few killings
had been inevitable. He had approved
only those absolutely necessary to for-
ward his designs. And those he had
duitfully deplored. He wa&-by far the
most humane conqueror in history.

  "Would you care to explain that re-
mark? If you are accusing me of
wholesale slaughter I’d like you to
state one instance, one specific case.”
“There are only individual cases in
the past. The major atrocities are
located in the future, if you consider
them absolutely essential, and if you
live that long!”

  “Another prognosticator,” com-
mented Charles, this time completely
without humor. Indeed, he made it
smack of grim foreboding-

  ignoring him, Raven continued,
"Only you know how true that is, how

far you are prepared to go, how great
a cost you are willing to pay—and
exact—to boss a world of your own. It
is written in the depths of your mind.
It stands out in letters of fire: no price
is too high!”

THERE was no immediate response.
Thorstern could find nothing to say.
He knew what he wanted. He wanted it
cheaply and with as little trouble as
possible. But if tough opposition
jacked the price sky-high in terms of
cash or lives, it would still be paid,
with regrets, but paid.

  At the present moment he was in the
hands of this bellyaching pair. They
could write “Paid” to his stubborn am-
bitions once and for all and in the only
way it could be done, by making him
share the fate of Greatorex.

  So far they’d been queerly hesitant
about taking this drastic short cut,
preferring to argue with him first. For
the life of him—or the death of him—
he could not decide whether their cal-
lousness was advertised to conceal an
underlying squeamishness or whether
it was backed up by the same glowing-
eyed cruelty with which a cat tediously
torments a mouse it is going to eat
anyway.

  His attention wandered toward the
door, stealthily, in the hope that none
would notice. But he could not sup-
press concomitant thoughts. If a patrol
overheard that talk of murder, they
would not necessarily bust in at once.
They might first go for more help of a
formidable kind.

  Raven was still talking, although the
other was only half-listening. “If your
nationalist movement really was no
more than a means of gaining self-
government for Venusians, we could
find it in us to sympathize despite the
violence of its methods- But it isn’t
that. It is designed to gain you the
power you love. Poor little crawling,
creeping grub!”

  “Eh?” Thorstern’s attention snap-
ped back.
68	STARTLING STORIES

  “I said you’re a poor little crawling,
creeping grub, hiding from the light,
squirming around in the dark and pa-
thetically afraid of a thousand things,
including anonymity. So you yearn for
petty predominance over a colony of
similar grubs during a mere heart beat
in the span of time. And then you are
gone. Dust into dust. An empty name
in a useless book, mouthed by myopic
historians and cursed by weary school
children. I suppose you call that im-
mortality?"

  It was too much. Thorstern had a
thick hide, but it was thin in one spot.
He could not stand being regarded as
a no-account, a piker, a comparative
seeker of butts on the sidewalk. He
could not endure being small.

  His broad face livid, he shot to his
feet, thrust a hand in a pocket, took out
three photographs and flung them on
the table. For the first time his voice
was vibrant with emotion.

  “You’ve some good cards and they
tickle you pink. But I’ve seen them.
Here are a few of mine- Not all! You’ll
never see the rest!”

xvm

SHAVEN picked up the top photo-
graph and studied it. It was a blown-
up snapshot of himself, rather old and
not very good, but good enough.

  “It’s on the spectroscreen every
-hour," stated Thorstern with savage
satisfaction. “Reproductions are being
issued to patrols as fast as they can be
turned out. The tougher you get with
me the tougher you’ll make it for your-
self. You pranced into this world de-
spite plans to grab you on arrival. See
if you can get out of it the same way.
It won’t prove so easy.’’ He switched to
Charles. “And the same applies to you,
Gutsy.”

  “It doesn’t. I don’t intend to run
away." Charles settled himself lower
in the chair. “I’m quite comfortable
here. Venus suits me as much—or as
little—as any other ball of dirt. Be-

sides, my work is here "

  “What work?"

  “That,” said Charles, “is something
you wouldn’t understand.”

  “He walks dogs and is ashamed to
admit it,” Raven said. Tossing the
picture onto the table, he picked up the
second, glanced at it. His features
went taut. Flourishing it in front of
the other, he demanded, “What did you
do to him?”

  “Me? Nothing 1"

  “You did it by proxy. Others did the
dirty work for you, by order."

  “I gave no specific instructions,”
Thorstern contradicted. “I told them
only to pick up Steen and make him
tell what had occurred. So they did.”
“And enjoyed the doing by the looks
of it.” Raven was annoyed and showed
it. “Now Steen is dead through no
fault of his own. I don’t mind that any
more than he minds it.”

  “Don’t you?”

  “No. His end doesn’t matter a hoot.
It would have come eventually though
he lived to be a hundred." With a jerk
of disgust he flipped the photograph
aside. “What I do dislike is the obvious
fact that he died slowly. That's un-
forgivable.” His eyes glowed with sud-
den fires. “It will be remembered!”
Again Thorstern felt a cold shiver.
He was not afraid—it wasn't within
him to admit to fear—but to himself he
conceded a certain degree of apprehen-
sion. He had played a card, hoping it
would serve as a dire warning. Perhaps
it had been a mistake.

  “They exceeded my orders.” He was
making a feeble attempt to pass the
buck. “I administered a most serious
reproof.”

  “He reproved them,” Raven told
Charles. “How nice!”

  “They pleaded that he was stubborn
and made them go farther than they
realized.” Thorstern decided it might
pay to enlarge on this subject while it
was hot. No rescue party had responded,
to his talk about murder. Maybe some-
one would pick up his dissertation on
THE STAR WATCHERS	69

Steen. Any form of hollering would
serve so long as it brought results.

TTE WENT on, “They used a telepath,
AA from a safe distance so Steen
couldn’t make a dummy of him. It was
no use. So they had to persuade him to
mull over whatever made him pull a fast
one on us. He didn’t want to. By the
time he became cooperative they’d over-
done the persuading. They'd gone too
far. They’d made the whole thing use-
less.”

  “Meaning?”

  “His mind was turned, same as Hal-
ler’s. He gabbled a lot of crazy stuff
and passed out for keeps.”

  "And what was the crazy stuff?”

  “He said you were an entirely new,
redoubtable and completely unsuspected
type of mutant. You've a detachable
ego. You’d swapped bodies with him
against his will. I checked with several
of our leading authorities on paranor-
mal aptitudes. They declared it ludi-
crous, but they knew why Steen told it.”
“What was their diagnosis?”

  “He’d been hopelessly out-hypnoed by
one of his own type far more powerful
than himself. You made Steen think he
was you for a short time. You made
him send Haller off balance, at which
point the delusion ran out. Now, limited
as I am, I can do some mind-reading of
my own. You’re thinking that if I don’t
play your way, you’ll put the same sort
of bee on me.”

  “Will I?”

  “Either that or dispose of me out-
right as you did Greatorex. Whichever
course you take will be futile. If you fix
me up like Steen, it’ll wear off, while if
you finish me completely, you’ll have a
mere body on your hands. A body can’t
call off a so-called war. I’ll be less con-
cerned than is Greatorex!” A notion
struck him and he demanded, “How did
you put paid to Greatorex? What did
you do to him?”

  “The same as we’ll be compelled to do
to you, once we’re convinced there’s no
alternative.” Raven stared hard at the

other. “Get it into your mulish head
that we’ve far fewer compunctions than
you when it comes to dealing with an
obstacle. We differ from you only in
that we make it swift. We don’t let the
subject linger. That is the real crime,
to prolong the act of dying!” He paused,
finished, “Greatorex went so fast he
hardly had time to fight it. Steen was
denied that fundamental mercy.”

  “I told you—”

  Raven brushed the words aside.
“You’re not going to make Venus your
personal property and, sometime in the
future, help the Martians hold Terra to
ransom in her hour of trial. If humanity
ever gets in a tight corner, it’s going to
be humanity that’ll fight its way out, not
just Terrans. So you’ll cease all action
against Terra and get the Martians to
follow suit. Alternatively, you’ll be re-
moved from the scene forever, after
which we’ll deal similarly with your
successors, one by one, until the whole
movement collapses for lack of leader-
ship.” He pointed to the tiny radium
chronometer in the ring on Thorstern’s
middle finger. “You’ve five minutes to
make up your mind.”

  “I’ve more than that, much more. I’ve
got just as long as I like.” He poked the
third photograph across the table.
“Take a look at that.”

  Not picking it up, Raven bent over
to see it. His expression did not change
in the slightest.

  “Who is it?” asked Charles, too leth-
argic to get up and look or exercise
any other visual sense.

  “Leina,” said Raven.

  Thorstern laughed. It was a grating
sound. He was enjoying his own fore-
sight to the full. In particular, he was
pleased with his success in keeping his
mind away from the subject of Leina
until this moment. Not once had she
drifted through his brain. Again a
pawn had outthought a mutant.

  “Your woman,” he mouthed with un-
concealed scorn. “That’s all I can call
her since you're not married to her.
Rather unconventional, aren’t you?”
70	STARTLING STORIES

  “Decidedly," agreed Raven.

  “Well, we know plenty about her. We
know her habits, movements, aptitudes.
We know, for instance, that she’s
another* superior breed of hypno like
yourself. Steen said so. He wasn’t ly-
ing, not in that condition. Maybe that’s
the attraction between you. I can’t im-
agine any other unless you’re fond of
elephants and—”

  “Leave her proportions out of this.
Get to the point.”

  “The point is,” said Thorstern, un-
able to resist showing relish, “that the
moment I die, or go nuts, or obviously
out of character—” he tapped the pic-
ture with a heavy finger—“she pays!”
“That’s a laugh,” said Raven.

  “I hope you’ll enjoy it when you find
her dead.”

  “I won't weep," Raven assured. It
was by no means sardonic. He made it
true, dreadfully true.

rpVEN Thorstern thought it horrible.

  He looked uncertainly at Charles,
seeking confirmation in that person's re-
vulsion, and found him mooning boredly
at the ceiling. His gaze came back to
Raven. It showed disbelief, incredulity.
“She can die slowly."

  “Do you think so?”

  “I am positive of it. Unless she hap-
pens to have a weak heart she can take
ten times longer than Steen. How d’you
like that?”

  “I think it disgusting.”

  “Eh?”

  “The master mind, the mighty con-
queror, hides behind a woman’s skirts."

  Back came the old fury at belittle-
ment, but Thorstern managed to sup-
press it and say, “That comes well from
someone willing to let a woman pay for
his sins.”

  “She won’t mind,” smiled Raven,
giving him a quite unexpected angle.

“You’re mad!” declared Thorstern,
beginning to believe it
“Greatorex doesn’t mind. Neither
does Haller. And Steen is coldly in-
different. Why should Leina care? Why,

even you—”

  “Shut up, you murderous maniac!”
Thorstern surged to his feet, both fists
clenched until the knuckles showed
white. “You’ve left it too long. You were
so cocky you wanted to chew the fat all
night. And we’ve been overheard, see?
You’re not the only ones who can poke
his nose into other people’s business.
We’ve been overheard.” He made an
ecstatic wave toward the front. “Hear
those feet? Twenty of them. Fifty. A
hundred. The whole city has been
roused.”

  “Too bad,” said Raven, watching him
with a sardonic eye.

  “Take me and see what it buys you,”
invited Thorstern, full of guts. “In a
moment the rush will come, after which
you’ll get what you’ve earned.” Trying
to look at Raven and at the same time
watch the front, he added with empha-
sis, “Unless I am in complete possession
of myself and order them to hold their
hands.”

  “It appears that we're in a bad fix,”
commented Charles. He bleared in fat
reproof. “You'll be the death of me
yet.” He fastened an anticipatory gaze
on the door.

  Thorstern was now standing with
compressed lips while his mind ran its
own untrammeled course. “They won’t
try anything now. The cost is too
great.”

  Momentarily undecided about the re-
spective merits of pseudolegal and ac-
cidental methods of disposing of these
enemies, jubilant over the crafty way in
which he'd turned the tables on them, he
braced himself for the coming inrush
and had completely forgotten that his
mind was wide open. Not that it mat-
tered now.

  Like Charles, his full attention was
on the door beyond which he had heard
the cautious scuffling of many feet.

  He stiffened, noting from a comer of
his eye that neither of the others had
moved. Teleportatively manipulated,
the lock began to turn slowly and ap-
parently of its own accord.
THE STAR WATCHERS	71

XIX

MnCH by inch the door began to open.
A yellowish coil of night fog came
through the gradually widening gap.
There was utter silence within the
room; not even the whispering of a
drawn breath. This and tKe door’s slow
motion created an immense tension that
was almost more than Thorstern could
stand.

  His eyes were straining, his ears
shocked by the total lack of expected up-
roar, his mind trying to operate along
ten channels at once. Who was outside?
Did they have weapons ready, fingers
taut, triggers already partway back?
If he made a mad jump for that open-
ing, would he leap into a deadly volley
and go down for ever?

  Or had they a telepath to inform
them of his intentions so that they’d
hold their fire? But, of course, a tele-
path could not warn them, since he was
still hesitating to take a chance. A
mind probe could tell what he was
thinking and still be unable to forecast a
split-second decision.

  The few seconds had crawled like
eons as he watched the door which now
had ceased its motion halfway and re-
mained ajar. Why the devil were they
waiting?

  More fog sneaked in. He noticed it
for the first time and was smitten by a
plausible solution. Gas! So they wanted
him to stay put until he collapsed along
with his captors. Then they’d enter, re-
vive him and give him the other pair
to kick.

  It was possible that Raven and the fat
one knew what was coming. It had
sparked brightly within his mind, and
they must have caught it, unless they’d
been too busy probing the think boxes
outside. Can a telepath deal with more
than one brain at a time? Can he search
several simultaneously? Thorstern
wasn’t certain.

  His nostrils tried to detect the invisi-
ble weapon, though he knew that almost
certainly it would be odorless. There

should be other signs. Eagerly he
studied himself, alert for symptoms,
and waited a mere half minute that he
could have sworn was a half hour. Then
he broke.

  With an agonized bellow of, “Don't
shoot! Don’t shoot!" he sprang into the
doorway. "It’s me! It’s Thor—” His
voice died away.

GAZING stupefied into the shrouded
night, he posed there a brief while,
and his brain broadcast its reactions.
“Nobody here. Nobody. They fooled me.
They made me hear things, imagine
things. Then they turned the lock and
swung the door. Hypnos and teleports
together. That’s multitalented, no mat-
ter what the experts may say. The hell
devils!” His impulses suddenly boosted
to maximum amplitude. “Run for it,
you idiot, run!”

  Then the unexpected happened. With
one hand on the door, bolstered by the
certitude that armed search-parties
were somewhere in the emptiness be-
fore him, Thorstern lifted a foot for the
first swift step in his wild dash for
safety. His whole body braced for the
effort, he stood poised while a thorough-
ly bewildered expression came into his
face. He put the foot down, sank to his
knees like one prostrating himself be-
fore an unseen god. His thought stream
had gone into a violent and unintelligi-
ble swirl that flung out odd words and
phrases.

   “No ... oh, no, don’t... I can’t, I tell
you ... let me alone . . . wasn’t my
fault... oh, let me—”

  He toppled forward, writhed as if in
soundless pain. Already Raven was
bending over him, features tight and
serious. Obviously taken by surprise,
Charles had come hurriedly out of his
chair. Mavis appeared in the opposite
doorway, her eyes condemning but her
lips saying nothing.

  Raven grabbed the stricken man’s
right hand and immediately the bodily
contortions ceased. Lumbering round to
the other side, Charles helped carry the
72	STARTLING STORIES

lax body across the room and dump it in
a chair. Mavis closed the door but did
not bother to reset the lock. Frowning
to herself, she went back to lier room.

  In a little while Thorstern gulped a
couple of times, opened his eyes, pushed
himself further into the chair. There
were weird thrills running along his
nerves and a highly unpleasant sensa-
tion like effervescence in his blood
stream; his limbs lacked strength and
his inside3 seemed turned to water. His
face was colorless, like wax.

  Glowering at Raven, he said in trem-
bling tones, “You squeezed my heart."

  “Not guilty."

  “Then it was you." He turned his
head to glare at Charles.

  “Me, neither. The truth is that we
saved you—if you can call it salvation.”
Charles smiled at a secret thought. “But
for us you’d now be one of the late la-
mented.”

  “Do you expect me to believe that?
One of you two did it!”

  “How?” asked Raven, studying him
both outwardly and inwardly.

  “One of you is a teleport. He unlocked
and opened the door without stirring
himself. He squeezed my heart the same
way. That’s what you did to Greatorex.”

  “A teleport moves objects by exterior
influence,” Raven contradicted. “He
can’t reach inside people and rearrange
their plumbing. It’s impossible."

  “I was nearly gone,” insisted Thor-
stern. “I felt my heart being compres-
sed, my body falling. I felt that I was
being dragged out of it by main force.
Somebody did it.”

  “Not necessarily. A million die with-
out assistance for every one that is
helped.”

  “I can’t die like that.” He made it
childishly complaining.

  “Why not?”

  “I’m fifty-eight and there’s nothing
wrong with me.” Gingerly he felt him-
self, gauged the thumping inside his
chest “Nothing wrong.”

  “So it seems,” said Raven, pointedly.

  “If I were fated to go naturally of a

heart attack, it would be one heck of a
coincidence for me to drop at the very
moment I’m about to run out on you.”

  He’d made a good point there, he de-
cided. Pinned it on them effectively.
But deep down inside, thrust into an
obscure corner where he wouldn’t have
to look at it—at least, not too often—
was the unwelcome idea that perhaps
they were right. Maybe his time was
more limited by destiny than he’d as-
sumed.

  Dragging it right into the light and
compelling him to look at it, Raven
said, “If you were so fated, it would
most likely come at a moment of great
strain. So where’s the coincidence? Be-
sides, you didn’t run. You didn’t die.
Next week you may do so. Or tomorrow.
Or before dawn. No man knoweth the
day or the hour.” He pointed again at
the other’s midget chronometer. “Mean-
while, the five minutes have become
fifteen.”

  “I give up.” Finding a large handker-
chief, Thorstern wiped his forehead.
His breathing was labored and he re-
mained sheet-white. “I give up.”

IT WAS true. More penetrating minds
could see it inside him. A genuine
verity formed of a dozen hastily thought
up reasons, some contradictory but all
satisfying.

  “Can't run in top gear forever. Ease
down and live longer. Got to look after
myself. Why build for someone else's
benefit? Wollencott’s twelve years
younger, fancies he’ll be the big boss
after I’m gone. Thinks I’m going to
work and scheme and sweat for his
sake. Floreat Venusia—under a stink-
ing mutant. Even Terra does better.
Heraty and most of the Council are
normals. Gilchrist assured me of that."

  Raven made a mental note: Gilchrist,
a World Councilor. The traitor in the
camp and undoubtedly the character
who had betrayed him to the under-
ground headquarters on Terra. The
man whose name Kayder and the others
didn't know because they did not want
THE STAR

to know it.

  “If it’s not one mutant, it’ll be
another,” Thorstern’s stream ran on.
"One of them will bide his time, take
over my empii-e like taking milk from
a kitten. I was safe enough while all
attention was on Wollencott, but now
they've gone back of him and got at
me. The mutants have powers. Some
day they’ll organize themselves against
the common run of men. 1 wouldn’t care
to be here then!”

   His eyes lifted, discovered the others
watching. “I’ve told you I give up. What
more do you want?”

  “Nothing.” Raven went toward the
wall phone. “Like me to call an anti-
grav to take you home?”

   "No, I’ll walk. I urant time to decide
the best way to cut various strings. Be-
sides, I don’t trust you.”

   He arose shakily, felt his chest again.
Within him was suspicion of such ready
acceptance of surrender and such casual
release. Had they timed something to
happen at the other end of the road,
well away from this house? Perhaps
another squeezing of the heart until he
was finished?

  “We trust you because of what shows
in your mind,” Raven told him. ‘‘It’s
your hard luck that you can’t see into
ours. You won’t be touched by us un-
less you renege.”

  Going to the door, Thorstern opened
it, looked them over for the last time.
His face was still pallid and he seemed
to have aged somewhat, but he had re-
covered a measure of dignity.

   “I have promised to put a stop to all
hostile action against Terra,” he said.
"That and no more!”

  He stepped outside, gave his parting
shot a touch of incongruity by care-
fully closing the door behind him. Fifty
years ago a tall, bitter woman had boxed
his ears for slamming doors and, all un-
realized by him, the ears still tingled.

   Following the wralls, he hurried along
the road at the best pace he could mus-
ter. General obscurity made it slower
than he liked. Now and again he stopped

WATCHERS	73

to listen, then hastened on. At this un-
earthly hour there would be few people
about other than restless nocturnals and
roaming patrols. He had gone an un-
known distance before he detected
sounds to his left.

  Cupping his hands, he called, “Are
you there?”

  “Coming!”

  They loomed out of the dark yellow
haze, six of them, heavily armed.
“What’s the matter?”

  “You’re looking for a man named
David Raven?”

  “Dead right we are. Know where he
is?”

  "I’ve just left him. He’s—he’s—”
He found himself uncertain which
way to point. In every direction was the
same accursed yellow cloud. He could
not remember whether he had stopped
in his tracks the instant he heard the
patrol or whether he had turned to face
them. Maybe he had shifted around
still more while talking to them.
“He’s—”

  “Make up your mind, mister.”

  "I tell you I’ve just left him.” His
voice was loud with irritation.

  "What d’you mean by ‘just’? How
long ago?”

  Was it two minutes, five, ten or
twenty? He squinted at his chronom-
eter, but it told him nothing except the
correct time.

  "Recently,” he said, feeling savage.
“Recently,” echoed the leader of the
patrol, not bothering to hide his sar-
casm. “Not far away.” He swept his
arm in an indiscriminate semicircle.
“Somewhere around there.”

  “Listen, mister,” interrupted the
other. "A dope came on the spectro-
screen and mentioned this Raven in the
same breath as money. We’ve been on
the beat since midnight and so far
have had forty-four nutheads offering
Raven to us for half the take. So we’re
fed up, mister.” He gave Thorstern a
gentle push. “You’re out of bed too
late and dreaming things. Go home
and don’t chivvy working men.”
74	STARTLING STORIES

THORSTERN demanded, ‘‘Is there a
telepath among you?”

  “Nary a one,” said the leader, seeing
no reason to give a detailed list of the
types in his patrol. “There are one and
a quarter million people and about
four hundred thousand houses in this
city. Listening outside every house
until someone says too much would
take a month even with an army of
telepaths. There aren’t enough to go
around, and if you ask me, it’s just as
well. I’ve no love for them."

  “Neither have I.” agreed Thorstern
with fevor. He was reluctant to go
without devising some way of steering
the patrol to a point that he could not
now find. They’d give Raven and the fat
fellow a run for their money if only he
could get them there.

  “All right,” said the patrol’s spokes-
man, “if you want to stand there smell-
ing the smoke until dawn, you do so.
We’re going. Don’t you worry about
Raven. We’ll get him eventually but it
won’t be by night. It’ll be in broad day-
light when a man can see from here to
the Sawtooths.”

  They vanished into the fog. Another
patrol was now coming toward Thor-
stern from the hidden road on his right.
For all he could tell they might all be
within spitting distance of his enemies
at that precise moment. He knew it was
no use tackling them about the matter.
No use whatever.

  He had promised to cease his new
style guerilla war against Terra and that
promise he would keep. But it did not
cover individual Terrans such as multi-
talented mutants with no scruples. The
game was not ended and, as he had re-
minded himself earlier, tomorrow is an-
other day.

XX

Back in the room Charles stopped
his careful listening. “He’s muzzy.
Doesn’t know which way to send them.
So he's going home.’’ He crossed heavy
legs and patted his stomach. “When he

flopped in the doorway, I thought for a
moment that you’d taken him. Then I
picked up your yelp of surprise.’’

  “And I thought it was you.” Raven
frowned to himself. “It caught me nap-
ping. Good job I got to him so quickly
or he’d have been gone.”

  “Yes, a heart-attack.” The moon eyes
became quizzical. “Or was it?”

  “Somebody was indecently precipi-
tate,” said Raven. “Somebody had a one-
track mind and couldn’t wait to be edu-
cated. That’s wrong, very wrong.”
“Somebody held out a long time and
gave up slowly,” reminded Charles as if
that explained everything. “So the
would-be emperor of Venus was mighty
lucky. If he had gone, it would have been
relatively quickly. Oh, well, he’s a hard
character with more than his share of
fortitude. Nothing else could have scared
him into reasonable pacifism."

  “I’m glad it ended that way. If he had
expired, we’d have had more of this
messing around, lots more. Wollencott
would have to be dealt with. This sur-
render has saved a lot of extra grief.”
“A surrender with mental reserva-
tions,” Charles commented. “He couldn’t
help stewing them while fumbling his
way along the road.”

  “I heard him.”

  “He’s a sticker if nothing else. First,
he reserves the right to feed his promise
to the ducks if at any future time he can
discover a way to make himself abso-
lutely mutant-proof. He estimates the
chance of that as a million to one
against, but he insists on covering the
odd chance. Second, he reserves the right
to slap you clean into the next galaxy,
but can’t imagine a satisfactory method
just yet.”

  “That’s not all," contributed Raven.
“I’m guessing he’ll get in direct touch
with the World Council, criticize Wol-
lencott and the underground movement,
deplore their deeds, sympathize with
Terra and offer to put a stop to the whole
business for a worth-while considera-
tion.”

  “He might, at that.”
THE STAR

   “Let him. It’s no business of ours. The
 main purpose has been achieved, and
 that’s all that counts.” He mused a
 while, before saying, "A large and rea-
 sonably efficient organization takes a
 deal of constructing especially when it
 includes belligerent sections operating
 outside the law. It’s hard to knock down
 what one has built up with painstaking
 care.”

  “And so?”

   “Thorstern won’t like doing it. He’ll
call off the hounds but hate to break up
the pack. The only thing that would
soothe his soul would be to form a big-
ger and better pack. There’s one way he
. could do that, namely, with the knowl-
edge and approval of the most influential
of his recent opponents, including
Heraty.”

   “For what purpose? They don’t know
of the Denebs and therefore—”

   “I told Thorstern that humanity will
fight its way out of humanity’s fixes. He
may remember that. He’s ignorant of
the Denebs, as you’ve just said, but may
decide—and convince Heraty and others
—that the hour of trial is already here.
Pawns versus mutants! Being what he
is, Thorstern thinks of human beings as
solely of his own kind, while mutants
are not quite human, or are quasi-
human."	-

  “Ah!” Charles narrowed his eyes.
“The intolerance exists today. It
wouldn’t need a lot of boosting.”

T> AVEN shrugged. “Who knows it bet-
ter than us? Anyway, I can’t see
how he can avoid thinking of it sooner
or later. He’s got brains and courage
and he’s more than pigheaded.”

   “It wouldn't be easy. The mutant mi-
nority is an exceedingly small one but
plenty large enough to make extermina-
tion a major problem.”

   "Numerical ratios aren’t the whole of
it,” Raven declared. “I can see two ob-
stacles, both big.”

   “Such as which?”

  “One, they can wipe out only the
known paranormals. How many more

WATCHERS	75

are unknown? How many are beyond
identification by ordinary minds and in-
tend to remain that way?”

  "That makes the job impossible to
complete,” offered Charles. “Thorstern
doesn’t strike me as the kind who is will-
ing to do things by half measures. Per-
haps he’ll lay off when he realizes he’s
got no choice.”

   “Maybe he will. It remains to be seen.
Obstacle number two is the natural con-
sequence of coexistent civilizations on
three planets. Suppose Thorstern tries
to persuade them to arrange simultane-
ous pogroms aimed to rid humanity of
its too-clever boys. Each planet immedi-
ately senses a trap: if it slaughters its
own mutants while the other two do
not—” The point gained added signi-
ficance by being left suspended.

  “Mutual distrust.” Charles nodded
knowingly, a plump clown trying to look
profound. “And it could be worse than
that. If two worlds ridded themselves of
their talent and the third did not, boy!
how soon could it gain complete mastery
of the others. In such an event I could
give a shrewd guess at which would be
the third world and who’d be bossing it.”
“Three worlds can see the same pic-
ture. Terrans and Martians are neither
more nor less dopy than Venusians. So
whichever way Thorstern turns he’ll
have a tough proposition on his hands.
The trouble is he’s the sort who likes
tough propositions. I don’t think we’ve
heard the last of him.”

  "Neither do I. And, David, we’re at
the top of his list for summary remov-
al.” A chuckle sounded low down in his
belly. "If he can do it.”

  “I’m going back. Thanks for the hos-
pitality.” Crossing the room, Raven put
his head through the inner doorway and
said to Mavis, “Good-by, delicious.”

  “And good riddance, nuisance.” She
gave him a false scowl that fooled him
not at all.

  He pulled an atrocious face at her,
went outside, waved a careless hand at
Charles. “You’ve been a pal. See you in
the morgue.”
76	STARTLING STORIES

XXI

A

     RARE assortment of craft lay
scattered across the numerous dispersal
points of the spaceport. Antigravs, cop-
ters, large and small, several ancient
autogyros owned by unshaven prospec-
tors, two dapper World Council courier
boats, two passenger ships, and, finally,
a rusty contraption, half gyro, half mo-
tor-cycle, abandoned by some crazy
gadgeteer.

  Sodium lamps shed a cold, unholy
light over this mechanical menagerie.
The night mist was still noticeable but
had thinned considerably as the huge
but invisible sun started to poke its rim
over the horizon. In less than an hour
the fog would soar and leave the ground
clear.

  The whole place was heavily but in-
efficiently guarded with little groups of
men lounging near the fuel tanks and re-
pair shops while others mooched singly
around the perimeter. Not one of them
was mentally alert

  Raven appreciated this common state
of mind. He had got to within a hun-
dred yards of the perimeter and was ex-
ercising caution. Undoubtedly these
guards had been warned to look out for
him, and Thorstern’s surrender would
not have caused that warning to be with-
drawn.

  Most of these armed watchers were
ordinary men, unconscious of power
wranglers on this world or any other. A
few might be followers of Thorstern,
concealed in the shadow of Wollencott,
and these would have additional, unoffi-
cial orders about what to do should
Raven show up. There was no way of
telling which was which because one and
all were thinking only of the end of their
spell of duty and the petty pleasures
soon to follow.

  This fellow coming near had a vivid
imagination filled with a large plate of
bacon and eggs. He also had two vir-
tues: he was a roamer and a floater.
Raven had watched him for some time,
found he was one of the few on an ir-

regular beat, free to wander at will
around the grounded machines. Several
times he had strained a moment, left the
surface and soared over some vessel that
he could not be bothered to walk around.
The other guards, all apparently earth-
bound, had observed these occasional
floatings with casual disinterest.

JplRAWN by what he felt as a mere im-
U pulse, the guard ambled around a
corner of the little toolshed behind which
Raven was waiting. On a similar im-
pulse, coming from he knew not where,
he held his chin at a convenient angle.
He was most cooperative and Raven
smacked the chin, caught the body with
its bacon and eggs still whirling, low-
ered it to ground.

  Wearing the other’s badged cap and
official slicker Raven came from behind
the shed and sauntered onto the field.
The victim was shorter than he, and the
slicker came barely to his knees, but
there was a good chance it would not be
noticed since there were no guards near-
er than two hundred yards. Trouble was
most likely to come from a telepath. If
one made a pass at him and got a com-
plete blank, he’d know him immediately
as more than a mere floater. Then the
band would start to play with a ven-
geance!

  Bending his arm to hold the gun in its
crook exactly as the other had carried it,
Raven came to the passenger ship that
was waiting for mail. It was the Star
Wraith, one of the latest models, fully
fueled and ready to blow. There was no
one on board. He tensed and soared over
it, landing lightly the other side.

  For all the diversity of craft around,
his choice of an escape vehicle was lim-
ited. The gyros, copters and antigravs
were strictly localized contraptions.
There was nothing but the Star Wraith
and the pair of courier boats. Either of
the latter would do, providing they were
fueled.

  The nearer courier boat had full tanks
and was all set but he passed it by to
look at the other. That, too, lacked noth-
THE STAR

ing but its pilot. Both vessels were with-
out personnel and neither was locked.
He preferred the second because there
was quarter-mile clearance behind its
tail.

  Just then a mind behind the toolshed
returned from its involuntary vacation,
forgot former visions of breakfast, tried
to coordinate itself. Raven detected it at
once. He had been expecting it, waiting
for it. The blow had been enough to
gain him a couple of minutes and, he had
hoped, that was all he would require.

  ‘‘What did I run into?” the foggy
mind mumbled confusedly. A few sec-
onds, then, “I got slugged!” A pause,
followed by an agitated, “My cap! My
gun! Some pup of a mangy tree-cat
has—”

  With a deceitfully casual air Raven
rose as if to float over the selected ship.
Instead he hit the lock twenty feet up
and got inside. Closing the circular door,
he snapped its fasteners, made his way
to the pilot’s seat and sat down.

  “Somebody bopped me! Jeepers, he
must have been ready.” It faded out for
a moment, came back in increased
strength as the other bellowed both
mentally and vocally, "Look out, you
dreamers! There’s a guy up to some-
thing! He pinched my—”

  Amid the resulting medley of thought
forms that shot from the subject of off
duty to on duty four stronger ones
emerged from nothingness, felt blindly
around ship after ship. They reached
the courier boat, touched Raven’s men-
tal shield, tried to spike through it, re-
coiled.

  “Who are you?”

  He did not reply. The ship went dum-
dum-dum as its pumps and injectors
went into operation.

  They were mentalities of a caliber
quite different from the host of others
milling around, sharp, precise, direct-
able and knew an armor-plated mind
when they encountered it.

  ‘‘Another tele. Won’t talk. Got his
shield up. He’s in that courier 10144.
Better surround it.”

WATCHERS	77

  “Surround it? Not likely! If he lets
go a blast, he’ll incinerate this part of
the circle.”

  “If it’s that fellow Raven, there’s go-
ing to be some awful ructions because
we’re supposed to—”

  “I tell you we don’t know who it is.”
  “Bet you it’s Raven.”

  The radio dinged and the cause of all
the excitement flipped the switch. A
hoarse voice from the main control tow-
er promptly burst forth with outraged
authority.

  “You in KM44, open the lock!”

  He didn’t respond to that, either.
Things were still dum-dumming half-
way back to the tail. The meters were
quivering and a red line on an ivory
strip had crept up to a point marked;
READY.

  “You in KM44, I warn you—”

CMILING, he glanced in the rear-view
periscope, saw half a dozen armed
men fanned out a couple of hundred
yards behind his pipes. His forefinger
scratched a button, depressed it for a
fraction of a second. Something went
whop! and the vessel gave a jump and a
neat ball of superheated vapor bulleted
backward. The advancing six raced mad-
ly from the center of the target.

  The stud went down a second time
and orange-white flames spouted from
the rear end. The resulting roar was
terrific, but inside it sounded as nothing
more than a high moan.

  A million miles out Raven set the
auto-pilot, examined his rear-view
screens for evidence of pursuit. There
were no signs of it. The likelihood of be-
ing chased from Venus was small be-
cause it would be futile. Ships capable
of catching the kind he was using had
yet to be built.

  It was remotely possible, but not prob-
able, that some vessel already in the
void might be ordered to try to inter-
cept him. The forward screens and de-
tectors showed nothing noteworthy
ahead except one pinpoint of infrared
radiation too far away to identify. Prob-
78	STARTLING STORIES

ably the Fantome homeward-bound. She
should be somewhere around that re-
gion.

  Content to let the auto-pilot do the
work, Raven sat a while in the tiny con-
trol cabin and surveyed the awesome
spread of the cosmos. His air was that
of one who has seen it a thousand times
and hopes to see it ten thousand more.

  Nevertheless he left the sparkling
view, lay in the tiny bunk and closed his
eyes, but not to sleep. He shut his eyes
the better to open his mind and listen
as he had never done to the secret
thoughts of ordinary men. The vessel’s
steady purring did not distract him in
the slightest. Neither did the rare psst!
and momentary flare of colliding parti-
cles of cosmic dust.

  They could just be heard if one over-
came one’s fleshly muffling by straining
hard enough and concentrating suffi-
ciently. Eerie mental voices vibrating
through the endless dark. Many of these
impulses lacked amplitude, had flattened
wave forms and had become greatly at-
tenuated by travel through illimitable
distances. Others were stronger because
relatively nearer, but still far, far away.

  “Black ship making for Zaxsis. Will
let it run.”

  “They are about to leave for Baldur 9,
a red dwarf with four, all sterile. They
consider this one a dead loss and aren’t
likely to come back.”

  “Spurned the planet but grabbed the
largest satellite because it’s rich in helio-
trope crystals.’’

  “Came down with a squadron of forty
and scoured the place from pole to pole.
Seemed in a hurry.”

  “... of! Hero, giant blue-white in sec-
tor twelve of Andromeda. One hundred
eighty black ships traveling fast in three
fan formations of sixty each. A real
Deneb expedition.”

  “Made an emergency landing with
two tubes busted. Waggled his palps un-
til we helped him do the repairs. He
gave the kids several strings of rainbow
beads.”

  “Enormous black battleship holding

eight thousand Denebs has taken posses-
sion of lesser moon. Said they’d send a
launch to swap trade with us once in a
while, but they aren’t enthusiastic.”

  “... long string of a dozen in hot pur-
suit."

  “Well, she’s getting old and gray and
wants out, so if two—”

  “The convoy streamed straight past,
making for the Horse’s Head, sector
seven, but dropped this half wrecked
lifeboat with one ancient Deneb. He says
he’s sticking around and prospecting for
crystals.”

  “Made up their minds to play safe and
char the world all over just because
these wave-lattice creatures are shiny,
only semivisible and suspiciously un-
Deneblike. We chipped in and tickled
the load in the armory. It made a mess!”

TTAM RADIO had nothing on this, for
it was neither radio nor amateur. It
was long-range beamed telepathy and
decidedly professional.

  The babble continued during the
whole trip. A black ship here, another
there, a hundred hell-bent for some place
else. Denebs were doing this, Denebs
were doing that, landing on some
worlds, departing from others, ignoring
a good many more, sometimes attracted
toward one, sometimes turned away
from another, helped or thwarted by
these faraway entities according to the
unknown rules of an unknown game.

  By and large, the Denebs seemed to
discard most worlds either at first sight
or after a short stay, yet still they kept
on searching, poking, probing through
an enormous area that was still widen-
ing. If one thing could be positively de-
termined about them, it was that they
were incurable fidgets.

  Raven spent all his time either listen-
ing to this talk from the great deeps of
infinity or gazing at the unending con-
course of stars through the fore ob-
servation port. All thoughts of Thor-
stern, Wollencott and the rest had been
put aside; their ambitions and rivalries
were of submicroscopic significance
THE STAR

when compared with mightier events
elsewhere.

  “Picked a hundred thousand minds be-
fore they decided the years aren’t long
enough to permit going through five
hundred millions. So they’ve gone.”
"There’s a distinct trend toward
Bootes for some reason best known to
themselves. Better be ready for their
coming that way.”

  “Laethe, Morcin, Elstar, Gnosst, Wel-
tenstile, Va, Perie and Klain. Between
two and ten thousand on each, all seek-
ing rare minerals. They treat the locals
as tame but useless animals, throw them
uneatable titbits. All the same, they’ve
been extremely jumpy since—”

  It went on and on, unbearable to all
but minds naturally equipped for the
purpose. No pawn brain could detect
them. No Deneb mind either. Atmos-
phere blanketed them. The warps around
giant suns bent the beams a little, had to
be estimated and taken into considera-
tion. But in free space, with suitable re-
ceivers correctly attuned, most of them
got through.

  They told of lonely suns and scattered
planets as familiarly as mere man would
recall the outstanding features of his
home town. They identified locales, gave
precise sector references and named a
thousand names, but not once did any of
them mention Terra, Venus, Mars or
any of the family of King Sol.

  There was no need to refer to those
worlds for their time had not yet come.

XXII

.Al PAIR of six-seater police boats
jumped off the Moon and tried to fol-
low the courier on its way in. They
were out of luck. It plunged at Terra as
if it had fifty light-years yet to go, shot
sidewise when far ahead of the pursuit,
vanished over the planet’s eastward
limb. By the time the others curved
round to that hemisphere the boat had
landed and become lost in more scenery
than twelve pairs of eyes could scruti-
nize.

WATCHERS	79

  It lay on a rocky moor where another
takeoff would damage nobody’s prop-
erty. Raven stood by its tail and watched
the sky a while but the police boats did
not appear above the horizon. Probably
they were zooming disconsolately three
or four hundred miles to the east or
west.

  Crossing thick heather, he reached a
dirt road, went to the farmhouse he had
observed while coming down. He used
the phone to call an antigrav cab which
came in a short time from a near-by
village. Within the hour he was at Ter-
ran Intelligence headquarters.

  As long-faced and lugubrious as ever,
Carson signed to a seat, put his hands
together as if about to pray.

  “You’re a prime headache. You’ve
given me more work to do in a week
than usually I get in a month.”

  “How about the work you gave me?"
“That wasn’t so tough by the looks of
it. You walked out of here and you’ve
walked back. In between times you've
annoyed important people and scared
the wits out of others. You have
thumbed your nose at every existing
law, and now I’ve got to cover you up,
somehow, heaven alone knows how.”
“What I’d like to know is this: are
you covering me up? A Moon patrol
came after me on the way in despite my
being in a courier boat.”

  “A stolen one.” Carson nodded ag-
grievedly at a bunch of papers on his
desk. “I’m on that right now. You’ll be
whitewashed, don’t worry. Where have
you planted the boat?”

  Raven told him, adding, “I'd have
brought it straight into the spaceport
but for those cops trying to sit on my
neck. Their chase made it look as if I
was wanted, and of late I've been want-
ed quite enough to do me for a time.”

  "I’ll have a pilot pick it up and bring
it in.” He poked the papers away from
him. “Woe, woe, all I get is woe.”
“Running from Venus to here takes
quite a while even in a courier boat,”
Raven pointed out. “So I’ve lost touch.
What’s happened?”
80	STABTLINU STORIES

/'''ARSON said, “Last week we killed
two characters who were trying to
bring down an important bridge. Both
proved to be Mars-born. Next day a
power station went sky high. On Satur-
day we found on ingenious contraption
planted at the foot of a dam and
snatched it away in the nick of time.

  "On the other hand,” Carson went on,
“scientists now report that the Dexter
blowup almost certainly was a genuine
accident. They said the fuel proved to
be unstable in certain exceptional and
unforeseen conditions. They claim to
have found a cure already.” He made a
gesture of impatience. “It's once in a
blue moon I get an authoritative report
like that and until I do we’re compelled
to treat every major accident as some-
thing deliberate. Can’t even get rid of
suspects. We'i’e still holding eight sus-
pects taken from that underground
dump. Mars or Venus-born skewboys,
every one of them. If I had my way I’d
deport them, but it can’t be done.
They’re legally Terrans, see?”

  “Yes, that’s the trouble.” Raven
leaned forward. “Mean to tell me that
the war’s still going oa?”

  “Can’t say for certain. It was contin-
uing up to the end of last week; maybe
it’s now over.” He surveyed the other
speculatively. “Day before yesterday
Heraty came in to say our worries are
ended. There have been no reports of
any further incidents since.”

  “You’ve heard nothing about a man
named Thorstern ?”

  “I have. For a long time we’ve had
operatives hanging around Wollencott.
Eventually two of them sent in reports,
saying that one Thorstern was the real
driving force behind the movement, but
they weren't able to dig up convincing
evidence in support.”

  “That all?”

  “No.” Carson admitted it with reluc-
tance, not wanting to keep on the sub-
ject. “Heraty said that Thorstern is
dickering with him.”

  “Is that so? Did he give any details?”
  “He doubted Thorstem’s good faith

or, for that matter, that he really was
what he claimed to be, namely, the man
who could call a halt to Venusian in-
transigence. Thorstern offered to prove
it."

  “How?”

  “Said he’d remove Wollencott.” For
no obvious reason Carson voiced a loud
sigh, finished, “That was the day before
yesterday. This morning we received a
message from Venus, saying that Wol-
lencott had just fallen out of an antigrav
and bounced too hard for his health.”
“Umph!” Raven could visualize the
wallop, almost hear the crunch of bones.
“Nice way to dismiss a faithful servant,
isn’t it?”

  “Better not say that openly. It’s libel-
ous.”

  “I can traduce one or two more. World
Councilor Gilchrist, for example. He’s
your suspected fly in the ointment.
Thorstern said so himself, without real-
izing it.” A memory came back and he
took it up. “Don’t know what Gilchrist
looks like but I sniffed around the Coun-
cil’s minds during that interview and I
didn’t smell a rat. How was that?”

  “He wasn’t there.” Carson scribbled a
brief note on a slip of paper. “Four
members were absent because of sick-
ness or urgent business. Gilchrist turned
up a minute after you left.”

  “His urgent business was to put a hur-
ried finger on me,” Raven stated. “What
are you going to do about him?”

  “Nothing I can do merely on your
say-so. I’ll pass this info to Heraty, and
the rest is up to the Council.”

  “You’re right, of course. It’s of no
consequence if they do nothing or even if
they award him a medal for being sly.
Basically, few things are of real conse-
quence." He stood up, went to the door,
paused with a hand on the panel.
“There’s one item with fair claim to a
little weight in so far as anything is
weighty. Thorstern is a normal. So is
Heraty. You and I are not"

“What of it?” asked Carson uneasily.
“There are men whose nature won’t
let a defeat go unavenged. There are
THE STAR

men hard enough to sit in an antigrav
and watch a loyal supporter dive to de-
struction. There are men who can be-
come very frightened if properly stimu-
lated. That is the great curse of this
world: fear!” He stared hard at the
other, pupils wide, irises shining.
“Know what makes men sorely afraid ?”
“Death,” ventured Carson in sepul-
chral tones.

  “Other men,” Raven contradicted.
“Remember that, especially when Hera-
ty tells you only a little and carefully
omits to give you the rest!”

  The other did not inquire what he
meant. He sat silent, watched Raven go
out, watched the door close behind him.
Heraty, he thought, was a man to watch
carefully.

   A tawdry little office up four flights of
worn and dirty stairs was the haunt of
Samuel Glaustraub, a rudimentary hyp-
no barely able to fascinate a sparrow.
Somewhere back in his ancestry there
had been one mutant whose talent had
skipped a few generations and reap-
peared greatly weakened. From other
forebears he had inherited a legalistic
mind and wagging tongue, which fea-
tures he valued far more than the tricks
of any skewboy.

'F'NTERING this office, Raven propped
-*-1 himself against its short, ink-
stained counter and said, “Morning,
Sam.”

  Sam looked up, dark eyes querulous
behind horn-rimmed glasses. “Should I
know you?”

  “Not at all.”

  The other frowned. He said, “What
can I do for you?”

  “You’ve a client named Arthur Kay-
der?”

  “Yes, his case will be heard tomor-
row.” He shook a sorrowful head. “I
shall defend him to the best of my ability
but it will be rather hopeless.” He gave
Raven an apologetic scrutiny. “You’re
a friend of his, I presume?”

  "His best enemy, so far as I know. He
may have better ones elsewhere.”

WATCHERS	81

  “Ha-ha!” approved Glaustraub, his
belly quivering. “You are joking of
course?”

  “Wrong first time, Sammy. I’m the
boy he yearns to strip down to a skele-
ton.”

  “Eh?” His jaw dropped. “Your name
David Raven?”

  “Correct.”

TT UNNERVED Glaustraub. He took
off his glasses, tapped them worried-
ly, put them on and went around looking
for them.

  “They’re on your nose,” Raven in-
formed him. "You’re all of a flutter.
Anything wrong?”

  “I am taken by surprise.” He decided
to stand. "It is most unusual to find the
leading witness against one of my cli-
ents—’’

  “Who said I was a witness against
him?”

  “That is what I’ve assumed. Since it
is obvious that you have returned in
time to appear on behalf of the prose-
cution, I—”

  “Supposing I don’t appear? What
does the prosecution do then ?’’
“Proceeds just the same. The record-
ed evidence is deemed sufficient to secure
conviction.”

  “Yes, but that’s only because my testi-
mony in support can reasonably be
taken for granted. What if I say I knew
Kayder was kidding?”

  “Mr. Raven, you mean—” Glau-
straub’s hands started trembling. “You
really think that?”

  "Like heck I do.”

  "Then why—why—”

  He stared around in a state of hope-
less confusion.

  "I’d rather kill a man outright than
let him waste years in clink. Besides, if
the positions were reversed, Kayder
wouldn’t do as much for me.”

  Glaustraub spent most of a minute
trying to follow the logic of that remark.
Giving it up with the vague feeling that
he’d been outsmarted somewhere or
other, he asked, “Are you willing to ap-
82	STARTLING STORIES

pear as witness for the defense?”

  “Not if there’s an easier way out."
“You could swear an affidavit," he
suggested, filled with a curious mixture
of doubt, suspicion and hope.

  “That’ll do me, Samuel. Where do I
swear it?”

  Glaustraub grabbed a hat, slammed it
on back to front. He shoved past the
counter, opened the door. “Come with
me, if you please.”

  Taking his caller at a sedate gallop
down two flights, Glaustraub ushered
him into another office occupied by four
men, all overweight. With their aid he
concocted a document which Raven read
carefully and signed.

  “There you are, Sam.”

  “This is generous of you, Mr. Raven.”
His hands loved the affidavit, his eyes
gleamed, his mind pictured the coming
master stroke when Glaustraub, for the
defense, arose amid breathless silence
and in calm, confident, well modulated
tones, proceeded to snitch the prosecu-
tion's breeches. There would be oppor-
tunity for drama such as he’d never en-
joyed before, and he looked forward to
exploiting it to the full. Glaustraub for
once was supremely happy. “Exceeding-
ly generous, if I may say so. My client
will appreciate it.”

  “That’s the idea,” said Raven. “When
a bunch of bums comes after one’s scalp
there’s nothing like a little gratitude for
sowing discord in the ranks.”

xxni

When Raven approached the house,
all was quiet and peaceful. Leina was
within. Your woman, Thorstern had
called her, making it sound reprehen-
sible. He had been right in suggesting
that their association did not conform to
the customs of humanity, utterly wrong
in implying that there was anything im-
moral about it.

  Pausing by the gate, Raven examined
a crater in the field outside. The hole
was big enough to swallow an antigrav
cab. Apart from this queer feature the

house and its surroundings were exactly
as he had left them.

  He went to the front door, turned its
lock teleportatively, in the same way
that Charles had opened the castle gate.
It swung wide. Leina was waiting in the
lounge, big hands folded in her generous
lap, her eyes showing gladness.

  “I’m a bit late.” He did not offer any
warmer greeting; neither did he kiss
her. The warmth was felt without need
of expression, while in the present pe-
culiar circumstances a kiss would have
been futile. He had never kissed, never
wanted to, never been expected to. “I
stopped to take the bite off Kayder.
Tilings have changed.”

  “Things never change,” she observed.
“The little things have changed. I am
not referring to the big ones.”

  “The big ones are all-important."
“You’re right, bright eyes, but I don’t
agree with what you imply, namely, that
the little things are unimportant.” Un-
der her steady, mildly accusing gaze he
found it needful to justify himself. “We
don’t want them to fall foul of the Den-
ebs. Neither do we want them to de-
stroy themselves.”

  “The latter would be regrettable but
not dangerous. The Denebs would learn
nothing."

“They’ll never be any wiser as it is."
“That may be,” she conceded, “but
you have sown a few seeds of knowledge.
Sooner or later you will be forced to up-
root them.”

  “Womanly intuition, eh?” He grinned
like a mischievous boy. “Mavis felt the
same way about it.”

  “With reason.”

  “When the time arrives the seeds can
be obliterated, every single one of them.
You know that, don’t you?”

  “Of course. You’ll be ready and I’ll be
ready. Where you go I shall go.” Her
brilliant optics were unblinking. “Yet I
still think your interference was unnec-
essary and extremely risky.”

  “Risks have to be taken sometimes.
Would you rather have let them go to
unforeseeable lengths, perhaps to com-
THE STAR

plete extermination?”

  "For one thing," she said, undis-
turbed, “I doubt whether they’d go that
far no matter how unlimited their folly.
For another, if they did, it would be the
lesser of two evils.”

  “Where possible I prefer to have it
both ways. The war is off. In theory,
humanity is now able to concentrate on
getting farther out.”

  “Why do you say, ‘in theory’?”

HIS FACE sobered. “There’s a slight
chance that they’ll let the opportu-
nity go by in favor of having another
and different conflict.”

  “I see.” Going to the window, she
stcod with her back toward him and
looked out over the landscape. “David,
in that event will you again insist on
taking part?”

  “No. Such a war would be against
our kind and those thought to be of our
kind. So I won’t be given the opportuni-
ty to chip in. I’ll be smacked down with-
out warning, if they can do it.” He came
and stood beside her. “They may deal
with you in the same way. Do you
mind?”

  “Not in the least, so long as every-
thing remains covered.”

  “It mightn’t happen, anyway.” His
gaze followed hers and abruptly he
changed the subject. “When are you
buying the ducks?”

  “Ducks?”

  He indicated the crater. “For that
pond you've had started over there.”
Without waiting for a reply, he insisted,
“What happened?”

  “I came back from town last Friday
afternoon, made to open the door, sensed
something inside the lock.”

  “What was it?’’

  “A tiny sphere like a blue bead with a
white spot on it. I could see it with my
mind. It was positioned so that a key
would press on the spot. So I ’ported it
out, laid it over there and let a pebble
drop on the white mark. The house
shook,”

  “Some mini-engineer took a big

WATCHERS	83

chance,” he commented. “Even the tele-
port who placed it had to risk a momen-
tary distraction.” Once more his strange
callousness revealed itself as he said, “If
the trick had worked as intended, no-
body would have been more surprised
than you.”

  “One person,” she corrected. “You!”
The night was exceptionally clear, the
stars bright and beckoning. Lying in a
tilted-back chair under the roof’s glass
dome, Raven closed his eyes and listened.
Beside him in a similar chair Leina did
the same. These were their nights, in
the chairs beneath the dome, looking and
listening. There were no bedrooms in
the house, no beds. They did not need
them. Just the chairs and the dome.

  On Terra and beyond Terra some-
thing always was happening. Nor did
incidents come twice the same. This was
the work of the eternal watcher, a re-
sponsible job and highly essential.
Others shared it elsewhere, Charles and
Mavis on Venus, Horst and Karin on
Mars, and more.

  His mind turning to this last couple,
he watched the pink light hanging low
in the sky and called, “Horst! Horst!”

  It came after a long while, weakened
by Terra’s atmospheric blanket, “Yes,
David?”

  “Know what your insurgents are do-
ing?”

  “Mostly arguing with each other,
David. They’ve split into several groups.
The largest group is disgusted with
everything and about to break up.”

  “So they’re going through a period of
chronic indecision?”

  “That’s about it.”

  “Thanks, Horst.”

  He redirected his mind. “Charles!
Charles!"

  This time it came quicker and with
more strength. “Yes, David?”

  “Any news?”

  “Thorstern left for Terra yesterday."
  “Know what for?”

  “No, but I’ll make a guess. It’s for
something profitable to himself.”

  “Well, I'll watch for him when he gets
84	STARTLING STORIES

here. Let you know what I discover.”
"Do that. You’ve heard about Wollen-
cott?”

  "I have. Nasty business.”

  "Clumsy,” Charles agreed. “He might
have landed in some soft place and suf-
fered injuries that meant slow dying. As
it happened he didn’t, but it was sheer
luck.” His mental beam cut off a mo-
ment, came back. “Here the organiza-
tion seems to be reluctantly falling to
pieces, but its potential will remain and
it can be rebuilt anytime. I can’t help
wondering.”

  "And I know why.”

  “Why?”

  “Mavis keeps reminding you you've
blundered.”

  “True,” said Charles. "And I know
why you’ve guessed it.”

  “Why?”

  “Leina keeps telling you the same.”
“Correct,” Raven admitted. “We've
agreed not to agree.”

  "Same here. You’d think I was a ju-
venile delinquent the way she looks at
me. The main issue will be protected no
matter what happens, so why do the
women get the heebies?”

  “Because they look at these worlds
from a feminine viewpoint and it’s a ma-
ternal one. You and I have been throw-
ing the baby too high. It makes them
nervous to watch us.”

  "Probably you’re right. But how do
you know all this? How many babies—”
“I use ray imagination,” interrupted
Raven. “ 'By, Charles.”

A LL he got back was a telepathic
grunt. He glanced at Leina. She
was lying back, her eyes closed, her face
to the stars. For a little while he studied
her and was not looking at the surface
features visible to ordinary men. The
face was no more than a fleshy mask be-
hind which he could see the real Leina.

  She was quite unconscious of his scru-
tiny for her mind was tuned elsewhere
and absorbing the never-ending chatter
of the heavens. Soon he followed her ex-
ample, listened to messages dimmed by

Terran atmosphere but still discernible.

  "Scouting warily around Bluefire, a
condensing giant. Twenty black ships of
destroyer type.”

     . . repeatedly but complete lack of
common ground makes it impossible to
communicate with these Flutterers.
Can’t even make them sense that we’re
trying to speak to them, much less warn
them. If the Denebs arrive and become
hostile toward them, we’ll have to take
appropriate action and—”

  “I’m calling from Thais. Got in right
away without arousing the least suspi-
cion. Struck lucky with one who had
superswift coordination and said, ‘Yes,
by all means.’ ”

  “. . . poor savages have chosen us for
their annual sacrifice to the Twin Suns.
It won’t be long now. Somebody else had
better make ready to take over in our
place.”

  That last message bit into Raven’s be-
ing. He stirred, sat up, felt restless. The
stars blazed down but the void around
them was deep and dark, bitterly dark.

XXIV

Over the following three weeks
Raven kept close watch on world news
given over the radio and spectroscreen
networks. It was boringly uneventful
but he stuck to the task in the dogged
manner of one who waits for something
that must not be missed although it may
never come.

  No mention of erstwhile anti-Terran
activities came over the air. This was
not remarkable. There had been no hint
of anything of the sort even when they
were at their height. Privately willing
to concede the existence of a war, Ter-
ra’s powers-that-be refused to admit the
fact in public.

  Neither was anything said about de-
velopment of space-ships or the pros-
pects of plunging farther into unknown
deeps. Bureaucratic love of secrecy
again was responsible. What constitutes
legitimate news was decided by the type
of mind that insists that matters of ma-
THE STAR

jor public interest must not be divulged
in the public interest.

  At the end of the third week the fully-
colored, three-dimensional spectroscreen
stax-ted a new serial of four parts. Just
another of a regular series of so-called
thrillers, it featured a telepathic hero
who had looked repeatedly into the non-
mutant heroine’s mind and found it pure
and sweet and clean. The villain was de-
picted as a low-browed, lower-minded
insectivocal with a lopsided sneer and a
penchant for the sinister fondling of
centipedes.

  It was trash of the kind designed to
occupy minds that otherwise might find
time to think. Nevertheless, Raven
watched the whole performance with the
avidity of an incurable addict. When the
end came, the villain had been foiled,
virtue had triumphed amid soft lights
and falling rose petals, and a symbolic
boot had crushed a symbolic centipede.
He sighed like one satiated, then went
to see Kayder.

  The man who answered his ring was a
pawn resembling a broken-down pugi-
list. He had a bent nose, ragged ears and
was wearing a gray sweater.

  “Kayder in?”

  “Don’t know. I'll see." His small,
sunken eyes measured the caller care-
fully. “Who'll I say?”

  “David Raven."

  It meant nothing to him. He sham-
bled down the passage, his mind recit-
ing the name as though it would slip
away if he didn't keep a half lock on it.
Presently, he returned.

  “Says he'll see you.”

  Legs bowed and arms swinging level
with his knees, he conducted Raven to
the back of the house, announced in a
hoarse voice, “Mr. Raven," and lum-
bered away.

IT WAS the same room as before, same
ornaments, same desk, but the boxes
had gone. Kayder stood up as he en-
tered, tried to decide whether or not to
offer his hand, finally contented himself
with indicating a chair.

WATCHERS	85

  Raven sat, stretched his legs out,
smiled at him. “So Sammy did it. He
had his little hour.”

  “The case was dismissed on payment
of costs,” Kayder told him. “It set me
back a hundred credits but was cheap at
the price.” His face quirked as he added,
“The old buffoon on the bench saw fit to
warn me that even evidence like yours
wouldn't save me if I abused the com-
munication channels a second time."

  “Probably Sammy annoyed him by
overdoing the drama," Raven ventured.
“Anyway, all's well that ends well.”

  “It is." Kayder leaned forward, eyed
him expectantly. “And now you’ve come
to collect?"

  “An astute assumption rather crudely
expressed,” said Raven. “Let us say that
I’ve come to put the squeeze on you."

  Pulling open a drawer, Kayder looked
resigned. “How much?”

  “How much what?”

  “Money.”

  “Money!" Raven eyed the ceiling, his
expression pained. “He talks about
money!”

  Kayder slammed the drawer shut.
“Look, I want to know something. Why
did you get me in bad one minute and
lug me out the next?”

  “They were diffei’ent minutes."

  “Were they? In what way?”

  “In the first there was a conflict, and
you were a menace safer out of the way.
In the second, the trouble had ceased or
was about to cea3e, and the need to pin
you down had vanished."

  “So you know the war is off?”

  “Of course. Haven't you had orders
to that effect?”

  “Yes,” said Kayder, sourly. “And I
don't like it The entire movement is
going rapidly to pot.”

  “Which is all to the good. You were
fighting for self-government—if the se-
cret dictatorship of one man can be
called self-government."

“Wollencott was a natural born leader
but he hadn’t the guts to be a dictator.”
“He didn’t need to have them,” said
Raven. “The intestinal items were sun-
86	STARTLING STORIES

plied by Thorstern.”

  Kayder raised a surprised eyebrow.
“Why drag Thorstern into this?”

  "You know of him?”

“Every Venusian knows of him. He’s
one of the planet’s seven biggest men.”
"He's the biggest,” Raven corrected.
“So big, in fact, that he thinks Venus
ought to be his personal property. He
owned Wollencott body and soul until
he gave him his freedom recently.”
“Gave him his freedom? You mean—”
“We can put two and two together,
can’t we?”

  His mind stimulated into furious
thought, Kayder sat erect and let his fin-
gers tap on his desk.

  After a while, he growled, “It could
be. I’ve never met Thorstern in person.
Few have if it comes to that. But he’s
generally thought of as a hard and am-
bitious character. If Wollencott was
picking up steam from someone else,
Thorstern is the likeliest source.” He
frowned again. “I never suspected him.
He kept himself well concealed.”

  “He did.”

  “Thorstern! Ye gods!” He gazed
levelly at the other. “Then why did he
get rid of Wollencott?”

  “He was persuaded to give up his
systematic bleeding of Terra and confine
himself to more legitimate activities. So
Wollencott, a former asset, promptly
became an embarrassing liability. Thor-
stern has a way of dealing with liabili-
ties."

  “I hate to believe all this,” remarked
Kayder, with some resentment, “but
I’ve got to. I know Wollencott is dead.
I know the movement is falling apart It
all adds up.”

  “Your mind says more,” Raven point-
ed out. “It says the anti-Terran move-
ment has divided into splinter groups,
and you fear that some may try to curry
favor with the powers-that-be by ratting
on the others. You think there are now
too many people who know too much.”
“I’ll take my chance along with the
rest," said Kayder, grimly. “I’ve less on
my conscience than some.”

  “Is a hypno named Steen on your con-
science?”

  “Steen?” He rocked back. “I was
after him at the same time I was chasing
you. I never got him.”

  “He died. Very slowly.”

  “So did Haller,” Kayder shot back
with sudden vim.

  “Wrong on two counts. Haller went
more or less of his own volition. Above
all, he went quickly.”

  “What’s the difference? One’s as dead
as the other.”

   “The difference is not in their ultimate
condition,” said Raven seriously and
with emphasis, “but in the speed of their
transition to it. Once upon a time you
evinced a nasty desire to reduce me to
my framework. Had you done it with
praiseworthy swiftness, I could have
passed it off with a light laugh.” He gave
a light laugh by way of illustration.
“But if you had prolonged the process
unjustifiably, I would have resented it.”

17"AYDER’S eyes popped and he ex-
claimed, “That’s about the craziest
piece of talk I’ve ever heard!”

  Raven said, “It's a crazy trinity of
worlds we’re in.”

  “I know that, but—”

  "Besides,” he continued, ignoring the
interruption, “you’ve not yet heard the
half of it. I didn’t come round merely
to pay a social call and indulge an hour’s
idle chatter. I did you a favor. Now I
want you to do one for me.”

  “Here it comes!” Kayder regarded
him with undisguised suspicion. "What’s
the favor?”

  "I want you to kill Thorstern should
the necessity arise.”

  “Aha, you do? Look, you saved me
something, though I don’t know what.
The maximum was seven years in clink,
but I might have got away with six
months. Let’s say you saved me six
months upward. Do you think that’s
worth a murder?”

  “You’ve overlooked my qualifying
words, namely, should the necessity
arise. If it does arise, it won’t be mur-
THE STAR WATCHERS	87

der. It’ll be summary execution.”
“Who’s goiner to say when the time has
come?" asked Kayder, looking shrewd.
“You.”

  “In that case, I’ll never reach a deci-
sion.”

  “Don’t recall you being so finicky a
few weeks ago.”

  “I’ve had enough. I’m going to carry
on with my trading business and behave
myself, providing other folk leave me
alone. I’d be glad to do you a favor but
you ask too much.”

  “I’m asking very little.”

  “Too much,” Kayder repeated. “Why
don’t you do your own dirty work?”

  “A fair question,” Raven conceded.
“There are two excellent reasons.”
“Yes?”

  “For one, I’ve already drawn too much
attention to myself and am anxious not
to attract more. For another, if the
need to remove Thorstern arises, there’s
every likelihood that the first sign of it
will be my own departure from this vale
of tears.”

 “You mean—”

  “I’ll be dead.”

  Kayder said, “You know what’s in my
mind. I’m indebted to you enough so
that, when you’re dead I won't be espe-
cially glad. But it’s no use pretending
I’ll be sorry, either.”

  “You'll be sorry.”

  “Care to tell me why?”

  “Because it may mean you’re next”
  “Next for what?”

  “Being wiped out of this world.”
Standing up, Kayder spread hands
on his desk and spoke harshly. “You’re
getting at something. Who’s going to
wipe me out? Why should I be on the
same list as you?”

  Waving him down and waiting for
him to compose himself, Raven an-
swered, “From the viewpoint of the
masses we share one thing in common—
neither of us is a normal.”

  “What of it?”

  “People generally are leery of para-
normals. It can’t be said that they love
them.”

  “I’m not love-starved. I’m used to
their attitude.” Kayder gave a careless
shrug. “It’s a form of envy of those bet-
ter endowed by nature.”

  “It’s also an instinctive wariness ap-
proaching fear. It's a natural and in-
eradicable part of their defense mecha-
nism. Some remarkable things can be
done with fear if you can arouse it to
sufficient intensity, control it and direct
it.”

  Kayder considered it a while and gave
his conclusions. “I can’t read another
man’s mind, but that doesn’t mean I’m
dopy. I can see where you’re going.
You think Thorstern may try to regain
power of a different but equally satis-
factory kind by stirring up an anti-
mutant crusade?”

  “He might. He used the aptitudes of
mutants such as yourself to further his
schemes. Now, the way he looks at it,
the same or similar aptitudes thwarted
him, denied him victory, even menaced
his life. Being himself a normal he prob-
ably thinks that he could gain fresh
ascendancy over his fellows only if all
of them were normals too. There would
be endless scope for his abilities in a
civilization devoid of mutants.”

  “All this is sheer speculation," Kayder
objected.

TV'ODDING agreement, Raven said,
’ “Just that and no more. Nothing
may happen. Thorstern’s drive may go
in quite innocuous directions. If so,
there will be no need to take action
against him.”

  “He’d be playing a mighty dangerous
game if he tried it. Mutants may be
few in number but once united by a
common peril from the hordes of—”
“You’re thinking along my original
lines,” Raven interrupted. “I’ve switched
from them since. Thornstern is fifty-
eight. These days, people live to a hun-
dred and retain their faculties into the
late nineties. So, barring accidents or
assassination, he’s got a good while to
go.”

  “What difference does that make?”
88	STARTLING STORIES

  “He can afford to be patient and take
a longer way ’round to achieve the same
results by less arduous means.”

  Kayder blinked and suggested, “Make
it a bit clearer.”

  "Way back in the past,” Raven ex-
plained, “some wiseacre remarked that
the most effective technique is not to
fight a thing but to set its own parts
fighting one another.”

   It registered like a shock.

  "Change your way of thinking,”
Raven went on. "Go from the general
to the particular. There’s no such crea-
ture as a standardized mutant. The
word is nothing more than the collec-
tive name for a biped menagerie.” He
watched the other as he added, “And,
being what you are, I’ll bet you consider
insectivocals to be the cream of the
crop.”

  “An equivalent notion is nursed by
telepaths,” observed Kayder, pointedly.

  “That’s a jab at me, but no matter.
Each variety of mutant thinks itself
superior to the others. Each is as sus-
picious and jealous as any mere pawn.
Such a state of mind can be exploited.
Mutants are humans with all the faults
and follies of humans. Brother Thor-
stern, being an instinctively good psy-
chologist, won’t overlook that fact.”

  By now Kayder’s mind had read-
justed. He could see the possibilities
and was compelled to acknowledge their
existence. The picture was anything but
a rosy one.

  “If he tries this out, how d’you think
he’ll start?”

  "Systematically,” said Raven. “First
of all, he’ll gain the secret support of
Heraty, the World Council and influen-
tial normals on three planets. His next
step will be to correlate all data on mu-
tants that can be assembled from every
available source, analyze it, reach a posi-
tive decision as to which two types exer-
cise the most destructive powers and
therefore are the most dangerous. Then
he’ll choose one of those types to play
the part of ye goodde and faythfulle
knight, the other for the role of baby-

eating dragon. It’s simple.”

 “And—”

  “Let’s say he decides the most effec-
tive play is to persuade the pyrotics to
exterminate the insectivocals. Forthwith
the propaganda services of three worlds
start mentioning insectivocals in a most
casual way but in an unflattering con-
text. This continues, building up preju-
dice against them, showing them in an
increasingly unfavorable light until
eventually most humans—by which I
mean normals and other-type mutants
alike—subconsciously think of insecti-
vocals as prize stinkers with no competi-
tion.”

  “Hell in a mist!” rasped Kayder.

  “That much having been achieved,
along comes insidious suggestions that
insectivocals hate pyrotics because of
the latter’s bug-killing powers. From
time to time there are gentle hints that
it’s a good thing we have pyrotics
around to take care of us.”

  “Like heck it is!”

  “At the proper moment—and don’t
forget that correct timing is all-impor-
tant—a well advertised official speech is
made in defense of insectivocals, appeal-
ing for unity and tolerance and authori-
tatively denying an absurd rumor that
educated bugs plan to take over the
planet trinity with the aid of treacher-
ous insectivocals. That does a lot of
good. It makes the public, again includ-
ing other-type mutants, think there’s no
smoke without fire.”

  “They won’t swallow all that guff,”
protested Kayder, inwardly knowing
that they might.

  “The public will swallow anything
providing it appears to bear the seal
of official approval and is sufficiently
long sustained and plays upon their
fears,” retorted Raven. He continued,
“Imagine they’re now thoroughly
aroused. What comes after?”

  “You tell me.”

  “Something to trigger the situation
thus created.” He sought for an exam-
ple. “A skeleton is purposefully found
on its face in the Sawtooths and gets a
THE STAR WATCHERS	89

hundred times more publicity than it
deserves. An inspired rumor flies around
that an innocent pyrotic has been
stripped down by an insectivocal. Fur-
ther emotion-arousing fairytales follow
right afterward. A picked rabble rouser
gets a mob on the run when, by a most
remarkable coincidence, the police are
busy elsewhere. Before you know it, you
and every other identifiable insectivocal
will be racing for dear life with a howl-
ing pack of normals after you, other-
type mutants in the lead and pyrotics
panting to get at you first."

COMPREHENSION spread slowly
over Kayder’s face. “While Thor-
stern sits back and smiles ?” he asked.

  “You’ve got the idea, chum. With the
aid of scared humanity he roots out the
last findable insectivocal and makes the
type extinct. Then follows a carefully
calculated period of peace and tran-
quillity before the propaganda services
start their new buildup on the next vic-
tims, mini-engineers for example.”
“He’ll never do it," declared Kayder.
“Maybe not, maybe yes! Did you see
that last serial on the spectroscreen?”
“No.”

  “You missed something. It featured
mutants. The hero was a telepath and
the extremely obnoxious villain was an
insectivocal."

  “He’ll never do it," repeated Kayder
in louder tones. A pulse was beating in
his forehead. “I'll kill him first!”
“That’s all I ask. I came to you be-
cause you owe me a favor. Also because
recently you were the boss of a collection
of talent and probably can call on it
again. Leave Thorstern alone to live
in peace, but watch to see which way
he’s going. If you can see that, for the
second time, he’s going to create human
disunity—”

  “He won’t live long enough to do it,’’
Kayder promised. “And I’ll be doing you
no favor. I’ll be protecting myself.” He
eyed Raven calculatingly. “Just as a
guess. I’ll say you’ll need protecting long
before I do. What plan have you ?”

  Raven stood up and said, “None.”
“None?” Kayder’s eyebrows arched in
surpise. “Why not?”

  “Perhaps, unlike you, I’m unable to
take action with regard to myself. Or
perhaps I want to be a martyr.”

XXV

Back at the house, Raven sprawled
in a pneumaseat and said to Leina,
“There’s going to be more interference
if events make it desirable. But not by
our kind. Human schemes will be coun-
tered by humans. Are you happy about
that?”

  “I’d have liked it better if that had
been arranged in the first place,” she
gave back a little tartly.

  "The unfortunate thing was that it
couldn't be arranged. The circumstances
were not the same as now. Terra couldn’t
defend herself effectively without hurt-
ing herself by knocking the heads off her
own children. Besides, she needs Venus-
ian fuels and non-ferrous metals, she
must have the Martian jumping-off posts
of Phobos and Deimos to get further into
space.”

  “How far they get is of no conse-
quence, of no importance whatever.”
“They’re entitled to their tiny frag-
ment of destiny, aren’t they?” He threw
her a quizzical look.

  She breathed a sigh of resignation.
“The trouble with males is that they
never grow up. They remain hopeless
romantics.” Her great eyes were pene-
trating as they rested upon him. “You
know perfectly well that these puny
bipeds are entitled to nothing but pres-
ervation from destruction at the hands
of the Denebs.”

  “Have it your own way,” said Raven,
giving up the argument. There was no
point in pursuing it with her; she was
too utterly right.

  “Furthermore," she went on, “I have
been listening while you were busy with
less weighty affairs. Twelve black ships
have been reported in the region of
Vega.”
BO	STARTLING STOKIES

   He stiffened, said, “Vega? That’s the
nearest they’ve come so far.”

  “They may come nearer. They may
arrive here in the end. Or they may
shoot off in some other direction and not
be seen in this cosmic sector for ten
thousand years. All 1 can tell you is that
at present they’re closer than they’ve
ever been.” She did not add more but
he knew what she was leaving unsaid,
namely, "This is a bad time to take fool-
ish risks.”

   “An error in tactics doesn’t matter
where there is power to conceal it and
recover,” he pointed out. “I think I’ll go
catch up on the news.”

T TPSTAIRS, he reclined and opened his
mind and sought to extract from
the general babble that portion emanat-
ing from the region of Vega. It was not
easy. Too many talking at once.

   “The tripedal hoppers of Raemis fled
into the damp marshlands and are fear-
fully declining all contact with the
Denebs. The latter appear to think the
world unsuitable for any purpose. They
are making ready to depart.”

     . . twisted the pilots' minds and
turned the entire convoy toward Zebu-
lam, a near-nova in sector fifty-one of
the Chasm. They’re still bulleting along
under the delusion that they’re on cor-
rect course.”

   "They got the fright of their lives
when this cruiser came out of the dark
and fastened tractor beams upon them.
It didn’t take the Denebs one-thousandth
of a time unit to realize that the ship
they’d caught was a crude contraption
designed by comparative savages. They
let it go unharmed.”

     . . twelve in fan formation still
heading toward Vega, blue-white in sec-
tor one-ninety-one, edge of the Long
Spray.”

  Raven sat up and gazed at the sky.
The Long Spray gleamed across the
zenith like a gauzy veil. Terrans called
it the Milky Way. Between here and
one significant gleam in the dark were a
thousand worlds to divert the attention

of oncoming ships. But they might per-
sist on course, ignoring other attrac-
tions. When left alone to go their own
sweet ways, the Denebs were unpre-
dictable.

  The end foreseen by Leina arrived
after another three weeks. During that
time neither radio nor spectroscreen
made mention of recent interplanetary
animosities, while their other offerings
revealed no identifiable trend in any spe-
cial direction.

   Elsewhere, twelve long, black ships of
space had nosed a quarter turn to star-
board and now were approaching the
eight planets of a minor binary system.
Temporarily, at least, the drive toward
Vega was arrested.

  Altogether this day could not have
been more peaceful, uneventful, without
promise of anything to disturb its tran-
quillity. The morning sun shone down,
bright and warm. The sky was a clear
blue bowl marred only by a streak of
cloud low on the eastward horizon and
a great curving vapor-trail rising into
the stratosphere. Once more the Fan-
tome was Venus-bound.

   A four-seater copter was the first indi-
cation that errors must be paid for, that
the past has an unpleasant way of catch-
ing up with the present. It droned out of
the west, landed near the crater which
already was producing a crop of colorful
weeds.

  Getting out, its only occupant exam-
ined the hole in the ground, scuffed some
dirt near its edge, gave up the problem
of what had caused it and went to the
house. Leina admitted him.

  A young, well-built type with frank,
eager features, he was a very junior op-
erative of Terran Intelligence, a sub-
telepath able to probe minds but without
a shield for his own. From the viewpoint
of those who had sent him he was an
excellent choice for his especial mission.
Essentially he was open and disarming.

  "My name is Grant,” he introduced
himself. Conditioned by his own status
he spoke vocally. “I’ve come to tell you
that Major Lomax, of Terran Intelli-
THE STAR WATCHERS	91

gence, would like to see you as soon as
convenient.”

  “Is it urgent?” Raven asked.

  “I think so, sir. He instructed me to
bring you and this lady in the copter if
you were ready to leave at once. If not,
I am to make an appointment at a time
suitable to yourselves.”

  “Oh, so he wants both of us? Do you
know what it is about?"

  “I’m afraid not, sir." Grant’s expres-
sion was candid and his unprotected
mind confirmed his words. So far as he
was concerned, this was a routine chore
of taking a couple of people to an inter-
view with his superior.

  “Couldn’t the major have come here
with you?”

  Grant became slightly embarrassed.
“Possibly, sir. I don’t know why he
didn’t. There must be a reason. It is
not for me to question—”

  “Never mind. We understand your
position." Raven gave Leina an inquir-
ing glance. “Might as well get it over
now. What do you say ?’’

  “I’m ready.” Her voice was low, her
eyes brilliant as she studied the visitor.

TJIS face flushing, Grant fidgeted and
prayed for some means of closing
his mind which insisted on thinking,
“She is looking into me, right inside of
me, right at where I’m hiding inside
myself. I wish she couldn’t do that. Or
I wish I could look at her the same way.
She is big and cumbersome—but very
beautiful.”

  Leina smiled but made no remark, not
wanting to add to his manifest discom-
fort by showing that his thoughts had
been read. She shifted her attention.

  “I’ll get my coat and handbag, David.
Then we can go.”

  When she reappeared they went to the
waiting machine which rose smoothly
under whirling vanes and drifted west-
ward. Nobody said anything during the
hour’s flight. Grant kept strictly to busi-
ness, handled the controls, maintained
his thoughts in polite and disciplined
channels. Leina studied the bright land-

scape below, giving it the undivided at-
tention of one who is seeing it for the
first time—or the last. Raven closed his
eyes and attuned himself to calls far
above the normal telepathic band.
“David! David!”

  “Yes, Charles?"

  “They are taking us away."

  “We, too, Charles.”

  The copter lost altitude, floated down
toward a stark and lonely building upon
a windswept moor. It was a squat, heav-
ily built edifice resembling an abandoned
power station or perhaps a one-time
explosives dump.

  Touching earth, the machine jounced
a couple of times, settled itself. Grant
got out, self-consciously helped Leina
down. With the others following, he
went to the armor-plate front door,
pressed a button set in thick concrete at
its side. A tiny trap in the armor plate
opened like an iris diaphragm, revealed
a scanner peering at them glassily.

  Apparently satisfied, the trap closed
over the eye. From behind the door came
a faint, smooth whir of machinery as
huge bolts were drawn aside.

  “Like a fortress, this place,” remarked
Grant, innocently conversational.

  The door swung open. The summoned
pair stepped through. Turning on the
threshold, Raven said to Grant, “It re-
minds me of a crematorium.”

  Then the armor plate cut him from
view and the bolts slid back into place.
Grant stood a moment, staring at the
door, the concrete, the great windowless
walls. He felt cold, cold.

  “It does at that. What a lousy
thought!”

  Moodily he took the copter up, notic-
ing that somehow the sun had lost much
of its warmth.

  Behind the door stretched a long pas-
sage down which a distant voice came
drifting. “Please continue straight
ahead. You will find me in the room at
the end. I regret not being there to
meet you but I know' you will forgive
me.”

  Seated in a chair behind a long, low
82	STARTLING STORIES

desk, Major Lomax proved to be a lean
individual in his early thirties. He had
light blue eyes that gazed fixedly and
rarely blinked. His fair hair was cropped
to a short bristle. The most noteworthy
feature was his extreme pallor. His fea-
tures were white, almost waxy and one
side of them had a permanent tautness.

  Indicating a two-person pneumaseat,
the only other resting place in the room,
Lomax said, “Kindly sit there. 1 thank
you for coming so promptly.” The blue
eyes went from Raven to Leina and
back again. "I apologize for not escort-
ing you from the door. It is difficult for
me to stand, much less walk.”

  “I’m very sorry,” sympathized Leina.

  There was no easy way of detecting
the reaction. A swift probe showed that
Lomax was a top-grade telepath with an
exceptionally efficient shield. His mind
was closed as securely as could be done
by any human. Despite that, they might
have riven this defense with a simul-
taneous and irresistible thrust, but by
mutual consent they refrained from try-
ing.

TI/TOVING a thin pile of typewritten
papers in front of him, Lomax con-
tinued in the same cool, unemotional
voice as before.

  “I don’t know whether you now sus-
pect the purpose of this interview, nor
can I foretell what action on your part
may be precipitated by it, but before we
begin I want you to know that my func-
tion is prescribed here.” He tapped the
papers. "It has been worked out for me
in complete detail, and all I must do is
follow it through as written.”

  “You make it sound ominous,” offered
Raven.

  Picking up the top sheet, Lomax read
from it. “First, I have to give you a per-
sonal message from Mr. Carson, head of
Terran Intelligence, to the effect that
when informed of this interview he dis-
approved of it, opposed it by all legiti-
mate means at his command, but was
overruled. He wishes me to convey his
sincere regards and assure you that no

matter what may take place in this
building he will always hold both of you
in the greatest esteem.”

  "Dear me,” said Raven. “This is get-
ting worse.”

  Lomax let it go by with complete im-
passivity. “This interview will be con-
ducted only on a vocal basis. It is being
recorded for the benefit of those who
arranged it.”

  Putting the top sheet aside, he picked
up the next one and continued in the
same robotlike way. “It is essential that
you know I have been chosen for my
present task because of a rare combina-
tion of qualifications. I am a member of
Terran Intelligence, a telepath well able
to cover his own mind and, lastly, very
much of a physical wreck.”

  Glancing up, he met Leina’s great
optics and for the first time displayed
the faintest shadow of expression in the
shape of a vague and swiftly suppressed
uneasiness. Like Grant and many others,
he was disturbed when looked into so
deeply.

  He hurried on, “I shall not bore you
with the full details. Briefly, I was in-
volved in an unlucky smash and badly
injured. I want you to keep that in mind
because it is most important. I am in
the abnormal mental state of a man
who’ll be glad to go. Therefore I cannot
be intimidated by the threat of death.”
“Neither can we,” stated Raven, ami-
ably bland.

  It disconcerted Lomax a little. He had
expected nothing less than a heated and
indignant demand as to who was threat-
ening his life. Concealing his surprise,
he returned his attention to the papers.

  "Further, although I do not fear death
I shall be compelled to react to its ap-
proach in a quick and effective way. I
have undergone a special course of men-
tal conditioning which has created a
purely reactive circuit within my mind.
It is not part of my normal thinking
processes, cannot be detected or de-
stroyed by any other mind probe. This
circuit automatically keys in the instant
I am in serious danger of losing either
THE STAR

my life or control of my free personality.
It will force me to do something in-
stinctively, unthinkingly, the result of
which will be the immediate destruction
of us three.”

  Raven frowned and commented,
“Somewhere back of you is a badly
frightened man.”

  Ignoring that, Lomax went deter-
minedly on. “What I shall do is not
known to me, nor will it be until the
very moment 1 do it. You have nothing
to gain by combining to beat down my
shield and search my mind for what isn't
consciously there. On the contrary, you
have everything to lose—your lives!"

XXVI

THE pair on the pneumaseat glanced
at each other, did their best to look out-
witted and aghast. Lomax had a part
to play—but so had they. It was a curi-
ous situation without parallel in human
annals, for each side was in mental hid-
ing from the other, each was holding a
master card in the form of power over
life and death, each knew that victory
for itself was certain.

  Looking at Lomax, who refused to
meet her gaze, Leina complained, “We
came here in good faith, thinking per-
haps our help was needed. We find our-
selves being treated like common crimi-
nals. Indeed, it is worse than that, for
no charge has been made against us and
we are denied the proper processes of
the law. Just what are we supposed to
have done to deserve all this?”

  “Exceptional methods must be applied
to exceptional cases,” remarked Lomax,
quite unmoved. “It is not so much what
you have done as what you may do even-
tually.”

  “Can't you be more explicit?”

  “Please be patient. I am coming to
that right now.” He resumed with his
sheets. “This is a condensation of facts
sufficient to enable you to understand the
reason for this meeting. Certain matters
brought to the attention of the World
Council. ..”

WATCHERS	93

  “By a schemer named Thorstern?”
suggested Raven, picturing Emmanuel’s
scowl when that came over the recording
system.

     .. caused them to order a thorough
inquiry into the nature of your activi-
ties, especially during your recent opera-
tions on behalf of Terran Intelligence,"
continued Lomax, stubbornly. “Which
inquiry was later extended to this lady
with whom you—ahem—reside."

  “You make it sound nasty,” reproved
Leina.

  “Data was drawn from a large num-
ber of sources considered reliable and
the resulting report, which was complete
and exhaustive, made President Heraty
decide to appoint a special commission
to study it and issue a recommendation.”

  “Somebody must think we’re impor-
tant.” Raven slid a glance at Leina who
responded with an I-told-you-so look.

  “Composed of two World Council
members and ten scientists, this commis-
sion held that on the basis of the evi-
dence before them you had displayed
supernormal powers of eight distinct
classifications, six known and two pre-
viously unknown. You are both multi-
talented mutants."

  “Is that an offense?” asked Raven.

  “I have no personal views concerning
this matter." The major leaned forward,
held his middle a moment while his face
went even whiter. When he recovered,
he said, “Kindly permit me to continue.
If the evidence had favored no more than
that, the World Council would have ac-
cepted the fact that multitalented mu-
tants do exist in spite of so-called nat-
ural laws. But there are data in support
of an alternative theory toward which
some members of the commission lean
while others reject it as fantastic.”

LEINA and Raven stirred on the pneu-
maseat, showed curiosity and mild
interest. No more than that. At every
moment they were living the part they
wished to play, as determined as Lomax
to see it through to the bitter end.

  “You are entitled to know the cogent
94	STARTLING STORIES

items,” Lomax carried on. He discarded
another sheet. "A careful re-examina-
tion of your antecedents shows that both
of you might well be persons very much
out of the ordinary by our standards of
today. It was by substantially the same
method that Mr. Carson traced you in
the first place and reached the same con-
clusion.”

  He paused while his features quirked
with an inward strain, then said more
slowly, “But the ancestry of David
Raven should at best have produced no
more than a superb telepath, a mind
probe of redoubtable penetrating power
and extremely acute receptivity. He
could not exercise hypnotic or quasihyp-
notic powers of his own, even as a multi-
talented mutant, because there is not one
hypno among his forebears.”

  “That may be—” began Leina.

  Lomax chipped in, “The same remarks
apply to you. They also apply to your
two confreres upon Venus, which pair
are now having the same kind of inter-
view in similar circumstances.”

  “With a similar threat hanging over
them?” Raven inquired.

  Lomax took no notice. Well disci-
plined, he was answering no questions
other than those pertinent to the stage
reached in his task.

  “Item number two: we discovered that
David Raven either had died or shown
all symptoms of death and then been
resuscitated. The doctor who performed
this feat is himself dead and can no
longer be called upon for evidence. Such
things do happen. It becomes remark-
able only when examined in conjunction
with other facts." The blue eyes shot a
glance at Leina. “Such as the fact that
this lady once went swimming, was
caught in a powerful undercurrent, ap-
parently drowned, but revived by arti-
ficial respiration. There are also the
facts that your two prototypes on Venus
also have had hairbreadth escapes.”
“You’ve had one yourself,” Raven
riposted. “You told us so at the begin-
ning. You’re lucky to be alive.”

  Strongly tempted to admit the escape

but deny the luck of surviving in his
present condition, Lomax plowed grimly
on.

  “Item number three has indirect sig-
nificance. You have been told by Mr.
Carson of Terran space-ship experi-
ments so there is no harm in adding
more. To cut it short, our last exploring
vessel went very far into the void. Upon
its return the pilot reported that he had
been chased by unidentifiable objects of
unknown origin. All that his instruments
could tell him was that they were metal-
lic and were radiating heat. There were
four of them, moving in line abreast at
a distance too great for examination
with the naked eye. They changed course
when he changed and undoubtedly were
in pursuit. They had greater maneuver-
ability and far more speed.”

  “Nevertheless he escaped ?” Raven put
on an irritatingly skeptical smile.

  “The escape is as much a mystery as
the pursuit,” Lomax reported. “The four
were overtaking rapidly when a few
strange sparkles and gleamings ap-
peared in front of them, upon which they
swung into a reverse course and went
away. Our pilot is convinced that these
four were artificial fabrications, and his
belief is officially endorsed."

  “What does this mean to us?”

  Taking a deep breath, Lomax declared,
“There is other life in the cosmos. Its
form, powers, techniques and ways of
thought remain matters of pure specula-
tion. It may be humanoid enough to pose
as veritable humans, gaining plausibility
by using the identities of real humans
who have died.” He whisked aside .an-
other paper. “Or it might be parasitic
by nature, able to seize and animate the
bodies of other creatures, masquerading
thereafter in a guise mighty close to per-
fection. We have no data to go upon.
But we can think, imagine, conceive in-
finite possibilities.”

  “Frightened men have bad dreams,”
observed Raven.

  “I think it’s all terribly silly,” Leina
put in. “Are you implying that we may
be intelligent parasites from heaven
THE STAR WATCHERS	95

knows where?” she sneered.

  “Lady, I am implying nothing. I am
merely reading papers prepared by my
superiors whose conclusions and motives
I am not inclined to question. That is
my job.”

  “Where does it get us?”

  “To this point: in defiance of the rule
that only the dominant talent is inher-
ited, you may be multitalented mutants
of natural human birth, in which case
the laws of genetics will have to be modi-
fied. On the other hand, you may be a
nonhuman form of life, disguised in our
shape and form, living among us unsus-
pected until lately.”

  “For what purpose?”

lM'AJOR LOMAX passed a hand over
his bristly hair. He looked mentally
and physically weary as he answered,
“The purposes of other life forms are
obscure. We know nothing about them—
yet. We can, however, make a justifiable
assumption."

  “And what is that?”

  “Another life form would make con-
tact openly, without attempting conceal-
ment, if its intentions were friendly."

  “Meaning that surreptitious contact is
proof of hostile designs?”

  “Exactly!”

  Leina said, with some morbidity, “I
can think of nothing more absurd than
to suggest that human beings are not
human beings.”

  “For the second time, lady," said
Lomax, displaying frigid politeness, “I
am not making suggestions. I am no
more than a deputy appointed to inform
you of the conclusions of experts. They
say that you two are either multitalented
mutants or nonhuman life forms and
more likely the latter.”

  “I think they’re impertinent,” com-
plained Leina, becomiug femininely in-
consequential.

  Lomax let it pass. “If it should be the
case that some other form of life has
dumped scouts upon our worlds, un-
known to us, the logical deduction is that
their ultimate purpose is antagonistic.

It’s the criminal who climbs in through
the back window. The honest man
knocks on the front door. Hence this
unusual procedure. Alien invaders stand
outside our laws and are not entitled to
the protection of them.”

  “I see.” Raven rubbed his chin, re-
garded the other thoughtfully. “What
are we supposed to do about all this wild
speculation?’’

  “The onus now rests on you of prov-
ing beyond all manner of doubt that you
are natural-born humans and not an-
other life form. The proof has to be good
and watertight.”

XXVII

SHAVEN growled in pretended anger,
“Darn it, can you prove you're not some-
thing out of Sirius?”

  “I won’t argue with you or permit
you to disturb my emotions.” Lomax
jabbed an indicative thumb at the last
sheet of paper. “All I’m concerned with
is what it says here. Tt says you will pro-
duce incontrovertible proof that you are
human beings, by which is meant the
kind of superior life native to Terra.”
“Otherwise?”

  “Terra will take steps to protect her-
self by every means available. For a
start, she will wipe out all three of us
here, simultaneously deal with those on
Venus and make ready to repel any later
attack launched upon us from outside."

  “H’m! All three of us, you say? Tough
on you, isn’t it?”

  “I told you why I was chosen,” Lomax
reminded him. “I’ve been assured that
the method to be employed will be super-
swift and painless.”

  “That is a great comfort,” put in
Leina.

  He eyed them in turn. “I shall go
with you to deprive you of the last possi-
ble way out. There will be no chance of
one of you insuring survival by confis-
cating my person. No other life form—
if such you are—is going to walk out of
this trap in the disguise of a man named
Lomax. We survive together or die to-
96	STARTLING STORIES

gether, according to whether or not you
produce the evidence my superiors re-
quire.”

  Lomax was slightly pleased about
that. For the first time the physical con-
dition he resented had given him power
of the most unconquerable kind. In com-
mon with those behind him, he was tak-
ing it for granted that any form of life,
human or nonhuman, would value its
survival too highly to share his own ab-
normal nonchalance about destruction.

  In that respect neither he nor those
who had planned this situation could
have been more mistaken. The difficult
thing was for prospective victims to
conceal this fact. The essential tactic
was not to reveal it outwardly and to
give the blind recording apparatus a
series of reactions manifestly natural
from the human point of view.

SO, IN suitably disturbed tones, Raven
remarked, “Many an innocent has
been slaughtered by the chronic suspi-
cions and uncontrollable fears of others.
The world has never lacked its full quota
of smellers-out of witches.” He fidgeted
as if on edge and asked, “How long do
we have to talk ourselves out of the bon-
fire? Is there a time limit?”

   “There is, but it’s not on the clock.”
“Then on what basis is it fixed?”
“Either you dig up the proof or you
don’t.” Lomax registered tired indiffer-
ence as to which way it went “If you
can, you'll start trying. If you can’t, the
knowledge that you can’t will drive you
to desperation sooner or later. When
that happens—” He let his voice trail
off.

  “You’ll react?”

  “Effectively! I’m very patient, and
you’re free to take full advantage of it,
but I advise you not to play for time by
trying to sit here for a week.”

  “That sounds like another threat.”

  "It is a warning,” Lomax corrected.
"Although they have given far less cause
for suspicion, the pair on Venus are
classified with you and are being given
the same treatment. All four of you are

of precisely the same type and will be
released or executed together.”

  “So a coupling exists between here
and there?” Raven inquired.

  “Correct. Emergency action here
causes a signal to be sent which precipi-
tates the same action there. The same
holds good in reverse. That's why we’ve
kept the two pairs apart. The more time
one pair wastes, the greater the chance
of the issue being settled for them by the
other pair. You are in the unhappy posi-
tion of the man who remarked that he
could cope with his enemies but only
God could save him from his friends.”
Emitting a deep sigh, Raven lay back
and closed his eyes as if concentrating on
the problem in hand. That Lomax might
listen to his thoughts did not worry
him in the least. He had complete con-
fidence in his own mental shield and in
the inability of any Earth-type telepath
to tune to so high a neural band.
"Charles! Charles!”

  The response was long in coming be-
cause the other’s mind was absorbed in
his predicament and had to be drawn
away. It came eventually.

  "Yes, David?”

  “How far have you got?”

  "We’re being told how four Denebs
took after a Terran but were turned
away.”

  “You’re lagging behind us then. We’re
near the end here. Who’s dealing with
you?”

  “A very old man, quick-witted but on
his last legs.”

  “We’ve got a young one,” Raven said.
“Rather a sad case. So much so that it
wouldn’t be thought extraordinary if he
had a serious attack or collapsed before
we’re through. It would appear that the
strain had been too much for him. I
think we can cover up by taking advan-
tage of his condition.”

  “What do you propose?”

  “We’ll feed the recording system a lit-
tle drama. We’ll establish a semblance
of innocence, then he’ll have his attack
and we’ll react naturally. He will also
react because he can't help it. The result
THE STAR

will get you out of your fix because we
here will have denied you the chance to
say a word in your defense."

   “How long will it be?”

   “Only a few minutes.”

   Opening his eyes and sitting up in the
manner of one who has discovered a
bright and hopeful solution, Raven said:
“Look, if the life of David Raven is now
known in detail it will be obvious that
if his body was taken at all, it must have
been at the time of his death and pseudo-
resuscitation.”

  “No comment,” said Lomax. “Others
will decide that point.”

   “They’ll agree,” Raven asserted posi-
tively. “Now if we accept the far-fetched
notion that some other life form could
take over the material body of another
creature, how could it also confiscate
something so immaterial as that crea-
ture’s memories?"

  “Don’t ask me. I am not an expert.”
Major Lomax made a brief note on a pad.

   “If I can relate a wealth of childhood
memories from the age of three up-
ward,” continued Raven with an excel-
lent imitation of triumph, “and have ev-
ery one of them confirmed by persons
still living, where do I stand then ?"

  “I don’t know,” said Lomax. “The
suggestion is now being considered else-
where. A signal will tell me whether or
not you may extend the theme.”

   “What if I show that during my youth
I self-consciously suppressed my powers,
knowing that I was a freak? Is it not
true that by definition a freak is a de-
parture from the norm on which natural
laws are based? What if I show that the
alleged coincidence of four similar
freaks in a bunch is attributable to no
more than that birds of a feather flock
together?”

   “It may suffice or it may not,” Lomax
evaded. “We shall hear pretty soon. If
you’ve anything more to offer, now's the
time."

GLANCING around, Raven saw the
recorder leads buried deep in the
wall, the tiny pin in the floor near Lo-

WATCHERS	97

max’s right foot, the connections run-
ning from it to a machine in the cellars.
He could even view the machine and
estimate the efficiency of the lethal ray
it was designed to produce.

  He and Leina had become aware of all
these things at the very first. It would
have been easy to detach various leads
remotely, without moving from the
pneumaseat. It would have been easy to
jam the pin or break the power supply
to the concealed executioner. The way
out was wide open and had been right
from the start. There was only one
serious obstacle in the route to freedom:
a successful break would have been a
complete giveaway.

  Concealment was the real issue. No
fragment of truth must lurk in any
biped mind. Humans lived in protective
ignorance and should continue to do so
at whatever cost. As for the freedom
beckoning beyond the armor-plate door,
it was only a poor, restricted, third-rate
kind of liberty, a plaster and cardboard
model of the real thing.

  Carelessly his hand touched Leina's,
making them of one accord. There were
no scanners to watch what was about
to occur. There was only the recording
system, the lethal projector and the little
pin.

  Leina pressed David’s hand.

  “There are and always have been un-
known mutants in addition to known
ones,” he said, making it pleadingly
persuasive. “It's a fact that makes an-
cestral data inadequate and misleading.
If my great grandfather, being an un-
mitigated scoundrel, took great care to
conceal his hypnotic powers which he
preserved solely for illegal purposes,
then it stands to sense—”

  He broke off, waited while Leina con-
tributed an obliging yelp of, “Oh, David,
look!” and right on top of it shouted,
“What’s the matter, Lomax?”

  At the same moment both minds
thrust with irresistible power through
the other’s mental shield. Lomax had no
time to inquire what the devil they were
talking about or to denv that anythin v
98	STARTLING STORIES

was the matter. Automatically his foot
rammed down on the hidden pin.

  For a fragmentary moment his mind
shrieked aloud, “I’ve done it! Heavens
above, I’ve—” And then his cry was cut
off.

xxvm

     PERIOD of soul-searing chaos and
absolute bewilderment followed. Lomax
did not know, could not tell whether it
was long or short, a matter of seconds
or eons. He did not know whether it was
now light or dark, cold or warm,
whether he was standing up or lying
down, moving or still.

  What had occurred when he pressed
that pin? Had some new and awful de-
vice been tested on himself and the other
two guinea pigs? Had it hurled him into
the past, the future, or into some other
dimension? Or, worse still, oh infinitely
worse, had it added a multilated mind to
his mutilated body?

  Then it struck him that he could no
longer feel the throbbing agony that had
made his life a personal hell these last
two years. Sheer surprise and an over-
whelming flood of relief stopped his
mind’s mad whirling. He began to co-
ordinate slowly, uncertainly, like a little
child.

  It now seemed that he was floating
amid a mighty host of brilliant bubbles,
large and small. All around him they
drifted lazily along, shining in superbly
glowing colors while among them pale
wisps of smoke wreathed and curled. He
was, he thought, like a tiny, rudderless
boat on a wide, iridescent river.

  The pain was gone and there was only
this sleepy, dreamy swaying along the
mainstream of blue and green, crimson
and gold, starry sparklings of purest
white, fitful gleams of silver, momen-
tary flashings of little rainbows, on, on
into the infinitude of peace. He was in-
clined to sleep and was content to
slumber for ever and ever, for as long
as time went on.

But then his mind stirred as a sense

became active and prodded it into atten-
tion. It now seemed that with the palely
curling gleams of smoke amid the
bubbles came an immense multitude of
voices, all speaking one tongue.

  Some talked in quick, staccato phrnes
from places afar. Others were nearer
and more leisured. It was strange that
though each was fully audible he could
tell somehow—he did not know how—
the precise direction from which each
came and the distance of its source rela-
tive to the others. A few were near him,
very near, voicing mysterious things
among the wreaths of smoke, the
spheres and the colors.

  “Stay with him.”

  “He may not be vengeful, but stay
with him. We want no more impulses
like Steen’s.”

  “He said he was ready for this so he
should be quicker to adapt.”

  “He must learn that no man can be an
enemy.”

  More senses swung into operation. In
a confused, out-of-focus way he became
conscious that the entities he had known
as Raven and Leina were still present,
sharing his dream-environment. They
were holding him without actually
touching him, drifting with him through
the smoke and the bubbles. They were
not the same, yet he knew who they were
beyond all doubt.

ALL at once this hazy sense of percep-
tion that was not sight cleared itself,
adjusted, sprang into full and complete
functioning. The myriad bubbles wafted
away as if blown by a tremendous
breath and took up new positions at
immense distances. They were suns and
planets, glowing and spinning within
the great spaces of eternal dark.

  His new vision was nonstereoscopic,
devoid of perspective, but had in lieu
an automatic and extremely accurate
estimation of relative distances. He
knew merely by looking which bubbles
were near, which far, and exactly how
much farther.

  Still with the other two, he heard one
THE STAR WATCHERS	99

cry, “Charles! Mavis!” and a reply eerily
vibrating from far away, “Coming,
David I” The names used were not those
names, but he thought of them as those
names because he could not gi-asp the
new ones but knew to whom they re-
ferred.

  The surfaces of many spheres could
be seen in splendid detail. On many of
them creatures lived and swarmed—
hoppers, creepers, crawlers, fiutterers,
flame-things, wave-form entities, being
of infinite variety and most of them
comparatively low in the scale of life.

  But one widespread form was high. It
had a long, thin, sinuous body covered
by dark gray hide, a well developed and
efficient brain, many dexterous limbs
and ESP-organs. It enjoyed telepathic
power confined to its own especial band.
Its individuals could compute as indi-
viduals or combine mentally to compute
as a mass mind. They roamed far and
wide in pencil-shaped, jet black space-
vessels, exploring other worlds, patrol-

  ling the gulfs and chasms between, map-
ping, charting, reporting and always
ceaselessly searching.

  The Denebs!

  These were the lords of creation in
their own esteem. Absorbing data being
fed to him from he knew not where, Lo-
max understood a lot about the Denebs.
They were at the top of the scale of
bubble-bound creatures, had great tol-
erance for all other life forms consid-
ered lower than themselves. But they
could not abide the thought of sharing
the cosmos with another who was equal
or higher.

  And there was one still higher.

  So the Denebs were feverishily hunt-
ing for the home world or worlds whence
came this unbearable competition. They
would destroy rivalry at its source if
the source could be found. Their black
ships prowled and poked and probed and
searched amid the endless multitude of
bubbles, disturbing but not harming the

[Turn page]

Vaseline HAIRTONIC

TRAD K MARK (_

Listen to DR. CHRISTIAN,
Marring JEAN HERSHOIT,

VASELINE ii the regirtered trade mark of the Cb*»ebrough Mfg. Co., Coas’d	on CBS Wednesday night*.

“JIFF HITS the headpin right, but he’ll never make
a hit with that unruly hair; He’s got Dry Scalp.
Dull, hard-to-manage hair 11. loose dandruff, too.
He needs 'Vaseline' Hair Tonic..

GREAT WAY to start your day I A few drops of
‘Vaseline* Hair Tonic each morning check loose
dandruff and those other annoying signs of Dry
Scalp . : . give your hair that handsome, natural
look. Contains no alcohol or other drying ingre-
dients ; 11 and it's economical, tool
STARTLING STORIES

100

hoppers, creepers, crawlers and some-
times the little white grublike bipeds
established on many widely separated
spheres.

  Lomax felt a peculiarly intense in-
terest in this last type of creature. Poor
little grubs, squirming and wriggling
around, building, or trying to build, or
hoping ultimately to build rudime..iary
ramshackle rocket-ships that never
would touch more than the fringes of
creation. Mournful grubs, sorrowing
ones, ecstatic ones, ambitious ones, even
petty dictator grubs.

  In all probability there were among
them individuals a mere fraction better
endowed than their fellows and who
thought themselves far superior because
they could exercise a minute, fragmen-
tary portion of powers entirely normal
but said to be supernormal.

  Doubtless every colony of them had
evolved a grub culture, a grub philoso-
phy and, being unable to conceive any-
thing infinitely higher, might go so far
as to think of themselves as made in the
image of a colossal supergrub.

  Now and again one more daring than
the rest might have sneaked from the
hiding place of its own grub-condition-
ing and peered furtively into the dark
and seen a great, bright-eyed moth like
a nocturnal butterfly beating gloriously
through the everlasting night. Then it
would cower down, sorely afraid, totally
unable to recognize—itself!

AN ENORMOUS surge of life filled
Lomax’s being as the data filed itself
and became estimated. The grubs! The
nestlings! Filled with tremendous
power, he saw Raven and Leina, Charles
and Mavis as he had never seen anyone
before. They were with him still, urging
him to adapt to the environment.

  The little two-legged grubs, he was

  crying. Ours! Our nestlings waiting for
their metamorphosis! If the Denebs,
long unable to recognize them for what
they were, should now learn the truth
from one mind in one colony they will
systematically destroy the lot. If one
grub learns too much, all may be slaugh-
tered.

  “Never,” said the one he had known
as Raven. “It will never be known to
any of them. There are two watchers in
every nest, each living inside a grub
body. They are guardians. They enter
with permission exactly as I took the
discarded form of David Raven with his
permission. They enter in pairs. It needs
one to watch, but two to break material
solitude.”

  “The place we left, you left?”

  “Two more already have gone in.”
They began to leave him, moving si-
lently into the great deeps that were
their natural playfields. The Denebs
were highest of the bubble-bound; but
these, the higher ones, were bound to
nothing once their childhood's grub-
existence had ended. They went like
wide-eyed, supersensitive, multitalented
creatures of the great spaces.

  Those pale, weak two-legged things,
wondered Lomax, what did they call
themselves. Ah, yes. Homo sapiens.
Some among them regarded themselves
as Homo superior. It was pitiful in a
way. It was pathetic.

  As instinctively as a baby moves the
feet it is not consciously aware of
possessing, or a kitten similarly puts
forth claws, so did he spread great,
shining, fan-shaped fields of force and
swoop in the wake of his fellows.

  He was alive and filled with a fierce
exultation, for he knew what he had be-
come and what the little white grubs
had yet to be.

  Homo in extelsis!

NEXT ISSUE

LOST ART

A Novelet of the Treasuret of the Patt by BERTRAM CHANDLER
GREASE „ the PAN

by SAM MERWIN, Jr.

Ur KA-TA had painstakingly
briefed for his assignment, as was
customary when a solo field expedition
was assigned by the Mlrata on an alien
world. As his little silver-hued space
sledge took off under its own power
from a port in the flush surface of the
huge exploratory craft, he recapitulated
his instructions.

  First, of course, was the fulfillment
of purpose. Purpose in this instance
was to discover dominant intelligent
species on the third planet of this mid-
dle-magnitude sun. Second aim of as-
signment was study of dominant spe-
cies, to discover their intelligence level
and receptivity to alien life. Then and

only then came the matter of contact.

  Contact with other intelligent species
throughout the Galaxy was of recent
and paramount importance to the
Mlrata, since their scientists had deter-
mined that their own star cluster was
doomed to volatility in a matter of a
mere few thousand orbits. They were
going to need new and habitable planets
and, not being of primitive and com-
bative nature, were seeking friendly
hosts.

  The Mlrata had much to offer. They
were probably the most civilized life-
form of the universe, having progressed
to the one hundred and second level of
philosophy, the forty third level of self-

They needed new planets to populate

101
102	STARTLING STORIES

analysis—always a difficult subject—
and the sixty sixth lev^t of pure thought.
They could control weather and climate
through communitv thought, ‘ could
adapt their formVs bodies to almost
any life-forms. They could produce
nutrients from chaired rock, could rear
great cities and other structures as
easily as their infants could build vac-
cuum toys.

  In his present form Ur Ka-ta was a
living tribute to Mlrata adaptability
and mental ingenuity. After careful
study he had been worked into a close
copy of what long-range observation
had showed the Mlrata expedition ex-
perts to be representative of one of the
probable dominants.

  It was no costume he was wearing,
and nothing as primitive as a plastic
skin. He was the species and if his
metamorphosis entailed certain restric-
tions upon his action, his Mlrata mind
was supposed to make up for it. In days
gone by long-range observation of the
planet would have been deemed suffi-
cient. Now, in this time of urgency, it
was thought better to send down a scout
in person. Occasionally long-range
observation failed to account for the
paradoxes that occasionally lurked dan-
gerously on individual planets.

  Ur Ka-ta was a typical representative
of the species that seemed to swarm
over most of this green-b'ue planet’s
surface. He felt the slight warmth as
his sledge raced, meteorlike, through
the thin outer atmosphere, and slowed
it telepathically to keep it from being
burned as it reached heavier layers of
air.

HE WAS moving very slowly when at
last his sledge made contact with
the surface. He left the sledge in its
protective envelope and went out of it
onto a world hitherto untouched by
Mlrata.

  Breathing, of course, was difficult—
or would have been had Ur Ka-ta re-
quired the process to continue living.
As it was he simply shut off the vents of

his lungs and did without—although
he gave the semblance of breathine: for
the benefit of possible watchers. He let
his mind rove, moved swiftly toward
where his telepathic sense informed him
were great numbers of beings like him-
self.

  In the thick atmosphere around him
his appendages proved less awkward
than he had feared they would be. Soon
he found himself in a crowded thorough-
fare extending between lofty terraces
that rose toward the sky. He kept him-
self out of the whirl of traffic, watching
its components, studying them, seeking.

  On the whole he was disappointed. He
found little evidence of the intelligence
he had been led to expect. There was
emotion here, much of it—fear, anger,
hunger—but he got an impression of
function fulfilled for its own sake
rather than from intellectual choice.
Many wore gay, decorative raiment, but
even these seemed to be more concerned
with food and security than with aes-
thetics.

  Far above the towers he saw the
underside of a great artifact, in shape
not unlike the space-ship from which he
had descended to this strange planet. It
moved swiftly, majestically on its way.
More important, it was evidence of true
intelligence at work.

  After a moment of thought, Ur Ka-ta
moved swiftly through the traffic lanes
in the direction from which the ship
had come. He had obtained from it a
new thought-pattern, was able to pur-
sue it like some homing bird of this alien
world.

  It was an uphill journey but Ur Ka-ta
lacked any facility for fatigue. He de-
bated, once, whether it might not be
wiser to return to his space-sledge and
employ its greater speed, but decided
against it. There could be too much risk
of discovery and discovery could con-
ceivably spell peril to his parent ship,
hovering silent and unobserved, far
above the surface he now traveled.

  After awhile Ur Ka-ta found himself
in a narrow highland valley, whose tur-
GREASE IN THE PAr7	103

bulent atmosphere made progress diffi-
cult. He went on doggedly, however, for
he knew he was drawing close to the
type of intelligence that had built the
vessel he had seen far above him.

  Because of his purposeful progress he
went his way without molestation, until
a strange eerie looking object, a sort of
moving tuft, danced annoyingly in front
of him. Forgetting his guise, he
sought to push it aside with a tendril,
forgetting he was not allowed tendrils
on this assignment.

  Instead, his jaws moved, apparently
of their owm accord, and he felt some-
thing sharp and barbed pierce the under
side of his mouth. Abruptly he was
yanked toward the side of the valley.

  He put up a whale of a battle. The
barb was attached to a strong line, but
one which ordinarily he could have
snapped with a thought. As it was,
hampered by his guise, he could only
seek to break it, since he could not dis-
lodge the barb without tendrils. Had it
not been for his indefatigability he
would quickly have lost the struggle for
his existence.

  Even so, it could only end one way.
All at once he felt himself lifted from
the heavy atmosphere that covered two
thirds of this alien world. It was be-
cause of the nature of this atmosphere

that he had been given this particular
life-form as a probable dominant. He
realized the Mlrata experts’ error as
soon as he felt the mentalities of the big
biped at the other end of the line.

  It was another alien planet paradox.
Here, by some odd mischance, the domi-
nant species did not come from the
dominant type of environment. Almost
instantaneously Ur Ka-ta extended his
telepathic powers, seeking contact and,
having gained it, control of these bipeds
who were seeking to kill him for sport.

  He was concentrating so whole-heart-
edly that he barely felt the point of the
gaff when it passed through one of his
few vital regions. He died as quickly as
an ant under a boy’s sneaker. . . .

'D NEVER have believed it,” said Bill
Enright, shaking his head. “A salt-
water mackerel this far upstream. And
what a scrapper he turned out to be!
Baby, I’m bushed.”

  His wife, who was tending the fire
under the sheet-iron oven, grinned at
him, a sun-tanned, peeling, freckled
grin that held a world of charm and
affection.

  “Okay, Bill,” she said. “I’m hungry.
If you’ve got your super-fish scaled and
cleaned, let’s have it. I’ve got plenty of
grease in the pan.”

Read tchat happened to Tony Gregg
after he found out
about the Fourth Dimension in
a Syrian restauratil in New YorkI

JOURNEY TO BARKUT

A Novel of Fantastic Adventure by MURRAY LEINSTER
It's a Riotous Trip Through the Arabian Nights—Next Issue!
tee GAMBLERS

YOU lie there cold and sweating
at the same time. You're nau-
seated and your insides hurt
from all the retching you've done. Your
throat bums a little too. But you’re a
gambler and this is your gamble to keep
alive until your ship comes in—the
space-ship that is, for you, so aptly
named the Relief.

  You’ve got to stay alive for longer
than you care to think about. How many
more days? You don’t know—you’ve
lost track of time and of day and night.
Thirty-nine days—Terrestrial days—al-
together from the time the Relief left
you here until it’s due to pick you up
again. But you don’t know right now
how many days have gone by and how
many remain. Why did you forget to
wind your watch and make marks on
the wall for days, as a prisoner does in
his cell, to count the days until he’ll be
free again?

  You can’t read to help pass the time,
even if you felt well enough to enjoy
reading, because the Aliens took all your
books. You’d gladly give up your life to
be able to write but you can’t write a
word because of that psychic compul-
sion they put on you under hypnosis.
You can’t remember the shape of a sin-
gle letter, even the sound of a single
letter, let alone how to spell a whole
word.

  You’ll have to learn to write all over
again unless it turns out that the sight
of printing or writing brings back your
memory when you have a chance to see
some again. They saw to it that there
isn’t a letter of printing anywhere in
this tiny dome. Not so much as a serial
number on an oxygen tank or a label on
a tube of toothpaste.

  Of course they took all writing mate-
rials and paper too, but you could prob-
ably find something to scratch on the
wall with if only you knew how to write.
You try—you think the word cat and
you know the sound of it and what a cat
is but for the life of you you can't
imagine how it would be written,
whether with two letters or ten. The
very concept of what a letter is almost
eludes you. You don’t quite see how you
can put a sound on paper. Yes, it’s hope-
less without help to try to break that
block they put in your mind. You might
as well quit struggling against it.

  At least you’ll be able to talk if you
manage to live until your ship comes in.
And you've got to live so you’ll be able
to tell them. Not that you want to live,
the way you feel now. But you’ve got
to. If you have to fight for every breath,
then all right, you’ll fight. Your own life
is the least of it.

  You’re getting sick at your stomach
again. Well, don’t think about it. Think
a novelet by MACK REYNOLDS &

            FREDRIC BROWN

      Bob Thayer was no card sharp, but he got into a poker game
      on the Moon—with the fate of the Earth at stake!

105
106	STARTLING STORIES

about something else. Remember your
trip here from Earth, good old Earth.
Think about it to get your mind off your
guts.

lDEMEMBER the take-off. How much
it scared you and how much you
marveled at all that you knew—directly
or indirectly—was going on. The valves
opening, the pumps beginning to stir,
the liquid hydrogen and the ozone of the
booster device beginning to gush into
the motor. The vibration that told you
the initial ignition was taking place. The
Relief stirring sluggishly on its apron.

  The roar of the booster, already
clearly audible miles away. Inside the
ship the sound was heavy, thunderous,
penetrating. And then the unknown un-
analyzable terrors brought on by the
subsonic vibrations. There was noise on
every level of sound, those that human
ears could hear and those they couldn't
hear. No ear plugs could block out
the supersonics and the subsonics. You
didn’t really hear them with your ears
at all but with your whole body.

  Yes, the take-off had been your big-
gest thrill in life up to then, much as it
seemed to bore the captain and the
three-man crew of the Relief. It was
your first take-off and their twentieth
or thirtieth. Well, you had one more
coming—the return trip to Earth—if
you lived until the Relief came back for
you. And you’d settle for that—gladly
you’d go back to your regular job in the
lab of the observatory.

  One trip to the Moon and back, with
a thirty-nine-day stay there should be
enough of an adventure for any man
who isn’t a spaceman and doesn’t ever
expect to become one. And one mess like
that you’re in right now should be
enough to satisfy anybody for the rest
of his life. Only the rest of your life
may be a matter of minutes or hours.
If the Aliens figured wrong or if you
did ...

  Keep your mind away from that.
You’re going to live all right. You’ve
beaten them—you hope. It doesn’t do

any good to worry about it. You’re do-
ing all you can do, just lying here, trying
to be as quiet as you can so you’ll use as
little oxygen as possible. They left you
barely enough food, barely enough
water, but the oxygen is your really
tough problem. Not quite barely
enough.

  Yet you just might make it if you
make no unnecessary move to increase
your oxygen consumption. Sleep is best
—you use less oxygen when you sleep.
But you can’t sleep all the time. In fact,
sick and miserable as you are, you can’t
manage to sleep much at all.

  All you can do is lie quiet and think.
Think about anything. Think why
you’re here.

  You’re here because—along with a lot
of other observatory technicians—you
answered an ad in the Astronomy
Journal, an ad that excited you. Wanted,
techninian, young and in good health,
to spend between one and two months
alone in small observatory dome on the
Moon to make series of photographs of
Earth for meteorological study. Must
know Ogden star camera and use of
filters, do own developing of plates.
Must be psychologically stable.

  It didn’t say—must be able to give
poker instruction to alien life forms.
But you can’t blame the American Mete-
orological Society for that. There aren’t
any life forms on the Moon—not even
human ones on any permanent basis.
Nothing here really worth the trouble
except a little observatory like this one.
Two or twenty years from now, when
they have rockets ready to make the try
for Mars and Venus, they'll build bases
here, of course, but nothing much has
been done yet beyond the surveying
stage.

  Yes, right now at this moment you
are quite possibly the only human being
on the Moon. Or if there are any others
they are thousands of miles away be-
cause the bases are being built in craters
near the rim. And this little dome you
are in is located dead center, almost, of
the Earthward side.
THE GAMBLERS	107

  Well, a fat lot of work you’ve done.
You haven’t taken a single picture with
the Ogden. Not your fault, of course—
the Aliens took the Ogden along with
them and you can’t take pictures with-
out a camera, can you ?

 Wasting thirty-nine days—two
months, really, counting traveling time
and training time—and you won’t have
a picture to show for it. But if you die
they can’t blame you for that. Quit

always be directly overhead. But there’d
be heat loss, more through the glass
alone than through the glass plus the in-
sulated sliding door, so you can’t risk
it.

  The Aliens left you only a third of
your complement of storage batteries,
barely enough to see you through. Bare-
ly enough of everything, so there’d be
no chance that you could—by some
chemistry alien to them—change some-

a a a a a a JoWi Dack& piom JkaJaiqsd

   PREACHERS may rant from the pulpit, economists may point out all sorts of utter
   wastage and reformers may hunt down numbers racketeers by the gross—but people
   are going to keep right on gambling. Furthermore it seems at least theoretically
   possible that the gambler, especially in games that require mental skill, is in general
   a higher type of human than the non-gambler.

      It takes skill, judgment and nerve as weU as knowledge, wisdom and experience to
   compute in a matter of seconds the shaping up of a hand of contract bridge or the
   probabilities of pulling out a hand of canasta after the opposition has set up camp in
   the discard pile. It takes keenly accurate judgment of character to run a poker bluff
   successfully and it takes mathematical wizardry and eidetic memory to calculate a
   roulette system against the house percentage.

      Skill, judgment, nerve, wisdom, experience, accurate character judgment, mathe-
   matical wizardry and eidetic memory—surely these are all qualities belonging to
   homo superior rather than homo sapiens. And surely the proficient card player is
   more apt to have such qualities in running order than the man who insists that
   gambling is strictly for suckers or flunkeys of Beelzebub.

     And now Messrs. Reynolds and Brown have come up with what is probably the
   damnedest poker game ever conceived of in fiction—and one in which the stakes range
   far beyond the mere life of the lone Earthman involved. We hope all you homo
   superiors enjoy it.

—THE EDITOR.

thinking that way—you're not going to
die—you daren’t die.

F\ON’T think about dying. Think
■*-' about anything. Think about get-
ting here. About how Captain Thorkel-
sen of the Relief dropped you off here—
how many days ago? Three or thirty?
More than three, surely more than three.
If only the opaque sliding door of the
top of this little dome were open so you
could see through the glass you could
tell, at least, whether it’s Moon-day or
Moon-night.

  You could see the Earth and watch it
spin around, one Terrestrial day for
every spin, and you’d know how long
you’d been here and how long there was
to go. And Moon-day or Moon-night
you could always see it because it would

thing else into the oxygen of which they
didn’t leave you quite enough.

  Sure you can open the door at in-
tervals to look out and then close it
again before too much heat escapes but
that takes physical energy and physical
energy and exercise use up oxygen. You
can’t risk moving a finger except when
you have to.

 Captain Thorkelsen shaking your
hand, saying, “Well, Mr. Thayer—or
maybe I should call you Bob now that
the trip’s over and we don’t have to be
formal—you're on your own now. Back
for you in thirty-nine days to the hour.
And you’ll be plenty ready to go back
by then, let me tell you.’’

  But Thorkelsen hadn’t guessed even
remotely how ready he’d be.

  You grinned at him and said, “I smug-
108	STARTLING STORIES

gled something, Captain. One pint of
the best bonded Bourbon I could get to
celebrate my landing on the Moon.
How’s about coming into the dome with
me for a drink?”

  He shook his head regretfully.
“Sorry, Bob, but orders are orders. We
take off in an hour exactly from time of
landing. And that’s enough time for you
to get into a spacesuit and get there—
we’ll watch through the port until we
see you enter the door of the dome. But
it isn’t enough time—quite—for us to
get into suits and get there and back
and out of the suits again in time to
take off. You know how schedules are in
this business.”

  Yes, you know how schedules are in
spacefiying. And that’s how you know—
for better and for worse—that the
Relief won’t be fifteen minutes early
getting here to pick you up, nor will it
be fifteen minutes late. Thirty-nine
days means thirty-nine days, not thirty-
eight or forty.

  So you nodded agreement and under-
standing. You said, “Well, in that case,
can’t we open the pint here and now for
a drink around?”

  Thorkelsen laughed and said, “I don’t
see why not. There’s no rule against
taking a drink out here—only a rule
against transporting liquor. And if
you’ve already violated that. .

  For five men the pint of bonded
makes an even two drinks around and
they’re helping you into the cumber-
some space suit while you’re drinking
the second one. And they’re no longer
anonymous spacemonkeys to you after
three days of close contact en route.
They’re Dealt, Tommy, Ev and Shorty.
But Deak, although you call him that to
yourself, you call “Captain,” even
though he calls you Bob now. Some-
how “Captain” fits Thorkelsen better
than Deak does. Anyway they’re all
swell fellows. You wonder if you’ll ever
see them again.

II

But you pull your mind away from
the present and send it back into the

past, the distant past that may have
been only a few days ago. You got into
the airlock with your luggage, two
tremendous cases you could barely have
lifted on Earth but that you can carry
here quite easily, even cumbered by a
spacesuit. And you wave goodbye at
them because your face-plate is closed
and you can’t talk to them any more.
And they wave back and close the inner
door of the airlock. Then the air hisses
out—although you can’t hear it—and
the outer door opens.

  And there is the Moon. The hard rock
surface is five feet down but no ladder
has been rigged. In Moon gravity it
isn’t necessary. You throw the suit-
cases out and down and see them land
lightly without breaking and that gives
you the nerve to jump yourself. You
land so lightly that you stumble and fall
and you know they’re probably watch-
ing you through the port and laughing
at you but that it’s friendly laughter so
you don’t mind.

  You get up and thumb your nose at
the port of the ship and then get the
cases and start toward the dome, only
forty yards away. You’re glad you’ve
got the heavy cases to weight you down.
Even carrying them you weigh less than
on Earth and you have to pick your way
carefully over the rough-smooth igneous
rock.

  You reach the outer lock of the dome
—it’s a projection that looks like the
passageway-door of an Eskimo igloo—
and open the door and then you turn
and wave and you can see them wave
back.

  You don’t waste time because you
want to get inside while they’re still
there. If the airlock should stick—not
that they ever do, you’ve been as-
sured—or if anything should be wrong
inside, you want to get out again in time
to wave to them or warn them. One of
them will stay at the port until they
take off, which will be in about ten
minutes.

  You take one more look at the dome
from the outside—it’s a hemisphere
twenty feet high and forty feet across
THE GAMBLERS	109

at the base. It looks big but it will
seem small from the inside after
you’ve been there a while. The supply
cabinets and the hydroponic garden
take up quite a bit of room and of
what’s left half is living quarters and
half workshop.

  You enter the outer door and close it
behind you. The little light that goes
on automatically shows you the handle
you turn to make it airtight. You pull
the lever that starts air hissing into the
lock. You watch a gauge until it shows
air pressure normal and then you reach
out and open the inner door that leads
to the dome itself.

  It’s all ready for you. The previous
trip of the Relief brought and installed
the Ogden and the other equipment
you'll need, made a thorough inspec-
tion of everything. You and your duffle
are all the current trip had to bring.

  You open the inner lock and step in.
And for seconds you think you’re stark
raving crazy.

  There they are, three of them. And
you don’t doubt, once you know they’re
really there and that you’re not seeing
things, that they’re Aliens with a capi-
tal A. They're humanoid but they
aren’t human. They've got the right
number of arms and legs, even of eyes
and ears, but the proportions are
different They’re about five feet tall
with brown leathery skins and they
don’t wear clothes. They’re all males
—they’re near enough human so you
can tell that.

  You drop the cases you’re carrying
and turn to rush back into the airlock.
Maybe you can get out again in time
to wave to the Relief. Good Lord, it
can’t leave! These are the first extra-
terrestrial beings and this is the big-
gest news that ever happened. You’ve
got to get the news back to Earth.

  This is more important than the first
landing on the Moon ten years before,
more important than the A-bomb
twenty years before that, more impor-
tant than anything. Are they intelli-
gent? A little, anyway, or they couldn’t

have got through that airlock. You
want to try to communicate with them,
you want to do everything at once, but
the Relief will be blasting off in a
minute or two so that comes first.

■yOU whirl around and get halfway
A through the door. A voice in your
mind says, “Stop!"

  Telepathy—they’re telepathic! And
that word was an order—but if you
obey it or even stop to explain the
Relief will be gone. You keep on going,
trying to hurl a thought at them, a
thought of hurry, of the fact that
you’ll come back, that you welcome
them, that you’re friendly but that a
train is pulling out. You hope they can
get that thought and unscramble it. Or
that they won’t do anything about it
even if they don’t understand.

  You’re almost through the door, the
inner door. Something stops you. You
can’t move, you’re getting faint. Then
the floor shakes under your feet and
that’s the ship taking off. You’d have
been too late anyway.

  You try to turn back but you still
can’t move. And you’re getting fainter.
You black out and fall. You don’t feel
yourself hit the floor.

  You come to again and you’re lying
on the floor. Your spacesuit has been
taken off. You’re looking up into an in-
human face. Not necessarily an evil
face but an inhuman one.

  The thought enters your mind. “Are
you all right?" It isn’t your own
thought.

  You try to find out if you’re all right.
You think you are except that it’s a
little hard to breathe—as though there
isn’t enough oxygen in the air.

 The thought, “We lowered the
oxygen contcnt to suit our own metab-
olism. I perceive that it is uncomfort-
able for you but will not be fatal. I
perceive that otherwise you are un-
harmed.’’ The head turns—the thought
is directed elsewhere but you still get
it “Camelon,’’ it says, “You owe me
forty units on that bet. That reduces
STARTLING STORIES

110

the total I owe you for today to seventy
units.”

  "What bet?” you think.

  "I bet him you would require a
greater amount of oxygen than we.
You are free to stand and move about
if you wish. We have searched you and
this place for weapons.”

  You sit up—you’re a little dizzy.
“Who are you? Where are you from?”
you ask.

  “You need not speak aloud,” comes
the thought. “We can read your mind.
Your more limited mind can read ours
when we wish to let it do so—as now.
My name is Borl. My companions are
Camelon and David. Yes, I perceive
that the name David is common among
you too. It is coincidence, of course.
We are of the race of the Tharn. We
come from a planet in a very distant
system. For reasons of our own secu-
rity I shall not tell you where or how
far with relation to your own system.
Your name is Bobthayer. You are from
the planet Earth, of which this plane-
toid is a satellite.”

  You nod, a useless gesture. You get
to your feet, a bit wobbly, and look
around. The largest of the three Aliens
catches your eye and you get the
thought, “I am Camelon. I am the lead-
er.”

  So you think, “Pleased to meet you,
pal.” You look at the other and think,
“You too, David.” You find you can tell
them apart. Camelon is inches taller
than either of the others. David has a
crooked—well, you guess it’s his nose.
Borl, the one who was bending over you
when you came back to consciousness,
has a much flatter face than either of
the others. His skin is darker, more
weathered-looking.

  Probably he is older than either of
the others. “Yes, I am older,” the
thought comes into your mind. It
frightens you. You’ve got less privacy
than you’d have in a Turkish bath.

  “Ten units, David. You owe me ten
units.” You recognize it as Camelon’s
thought. How you can recognize a

thought as easily as you recognize a
voice you don’t know but you can. You
wonder why David owes Camelon ten
units.

  “I bet him that you would be friend-
ly. And you are. You are a little re-
pelled by our physical appearance,
Bobthayer, but so are we by yours.
However, you harbor no immediate
thoughts of violence against us.”

  “Why should I?” you wonder.

  “Because we must kill you before we
leave. However, since you seem harm-
less we shall be glad to let you live
until then that we may study you.”

  “That’s nice,” you say.

  “How odd, Camelon,” Borl thinks,
“that he can say one thing aloud and
think another. We must remember that
if by any chance we should ever speak
to one of these people by any means of
communication from a distance. They
lie like the primitives of the fourth
planet of Centauri.”

  “You don’t lie,” you think, “but you
murder.”

  “It is murder only to kill a Tharn.
Not one of the lesser beings. The uni-
verse was made for the Tharn. Lesser
races serve them. You owe me ten more
units, David. His fear of death is great-
er than ours despite the fact that our
life time is a thousand times his. You
felt it when he learned that we must
kill him.

  “And it is strange. Elsewhere in the
universe the fear of death is propor-
tionate to the length of life. Well, it
will make for an easier conquest of
Earth, his planet, if they are afraid to
die. Ah, not too easy—perceive what
he is thinking now. They will fight.”

SUDDENLY you wish they’d killed
you rather than stripped you of
your thoughts this way. Or is there
any way you can kill them?

  “Don’t try it,” Camelon thinks at
you. “You are without weapons and
although smaller than you we are ap-
proximately as strong. Besides, any
one of us can paralyze you with his
THE GAMBLERS	111

mind—or make you unconscious.	think that.

  “We do not, in fact, use physical
weapons at all. The idea is repugnant
to us. We fight with our minds only,
either in individual combat or when we
conquer a lesser race. Yes, T perceive
you are thinking this would be in-
formation your race would like to
know. Unfortunately you cannot live
to warn them.”

  “Camelon—" Borl’s thought “—I’ll
bet you twenty units that we are
physically stronger than he.”

  “Taken. The proof? Ah, he came in
carrying those two cases, one in either
hand, easily. Lift them."

  Borl tried. He could and did but
with some difficulty. “You win, Came-
lon.”

  You think how much these—well,
you suppose they’re people, in a way—
like to make bets. They seem to bet on
everything.

  “We do." Borl’8 thought. “It is our
greatest pleasure. I perceive you have
others beside gambling. Gambling in a
thousand forms is our passion and our
relaxation. Everything else we do is
purposeful. Yes, I perceive that you
have other pleasures—you escape real-
ity with stimulants, narcotics, read-
ing.

  “You take pleasure in the necessary
act of reproduction, you enjoy contests
of speed and endurance—either as
participants or spectators—you enjoy
the taste of food, whereas to us eating
is a disgusting but necessary evil. Most
ridiculous of all you enjoy games of
skill even when there is no wager in-
volved.”

  You know all that about yourself
and what you enjoy. But are you ever
going to enjoy any of it again? “No,
we are sorry, but you are not.”

  Sorry, are they? Maybe if you take
them by surprise—

  But you don’t. Suddenly you’re
paralyzed. You can’t move even before
you really try. You can’t act before
you think. And it’s useless otherwise.
The paralysis ends the minute you

  You can move again but you’ve never
been more helpless in your life. If you
could only raise an arm to swing. . .

  You can—and then you realize that
it’s too late. The Aliens have gone and
you’re here alone and dying but you’re
maybe a little delirious and you are
here now and not then and that part of
it is all over. All over but the dying—
and the honing that you won’t die, that
your gamble worked. Sure, you can
gamble too.

  You pant for breath and your insides
gripe and you’re cold and hungry and
thirsty because they left you barely
enough of everything to survive and
then—as they thought, and maybe they
were right—they stacked the odds
hopelessly against you through thirty-
nine days of hell and left you alone to
die without even a book to read. But
you’ve got to keep your mind clear in
case by some miracle you do survive.

  And suddenly you realize how you
can tell how long it’s been and how
long there is to go. You decided, when
your mind was still clear enough for
you to decide things, that you’d divide
the food into thirty-nine even portions
and the water into thirty-nine even
portions and consume one portion of
each per day.

  That had been a good idea for the
first two days but then you’d forgotten
once to wind your watch and it had run
down and when you wound it you were
nervous and mad at yourself and al-
ready in almost more pain than you
could stand and you wound it too tight-
ly and broke the spring.

  And now you haven’t any way of
telling time and you decided you’d
adopt the system of eating only when
you were so hungry you couldn’t stand
it any longer—and then never eating
more than half of a day’s food at one
time and water to match.

 And you think—you hope—that
you’ve stuck to that even in the periods
when you were delirious and not sure
where you were or what you were do-
112	STARTLING STORIES

ing. But how much food there is left
and how much water will be a clue at
least to how long it’s been.

  You get off the cot and crawl—walk-
ing is too much of a waste of energy
even if you were strong enough to walk
—over to where the supply of food and
water is. There are twenty portions of
each—the time’s almost half up. And
it’s a good sign that the portions are
even. If you ate and drank all you
wanted in delirium it’s not likely that
you’d have consumed an even number
of portions of food and of water.

  You look at them and decide you can
wait a little longer, so you crawl back
to the cot. You lie as quietly as you
can. Can you live another twenty days?
You’ve got to.

   There wras that flash into the mind of
Camelon, the leader. It was accidental,
some barrier slipped. It happened just
after they’d shown you how helpless
you were and had released the para-
lysis.

  Some barrier slipped and you saw
not only the surface thoughts that he
was thinking, but deep into his mind.
It lasted how long? A second perhaps
and then Borl flashed a mental warn-
ing to Camelon and a barrier suddenly
was there and only the surface
thoughts showed and the surface
thoughts were anger and chagrin at
himself for having been careless.

Ill

But a second had been long enough.
The Tharn were from the only planet
of a Sol-type sun about nineteen light-
years from Sol and almost due north
of Sol—somewhere near the pole star.
Its intrinsic brightness was a little less
than that of our sun.

  From those facts the approximate
distance, approximate direction, ap-
proximate brightness, a little research
— a very little research—would show
what our name for that star was. Their
name for it was Tharngel. And the
Tharn, the inhabitants of TharngePs

one planet, were looking for other
planets to which they could expand.

  They’d found a few but not many.
Our Sun had been a real find for them
because there were two planets suit-
able for their occupancy, Mars with a
little less air than they needed, Earth
with a little more. But both factors
could be adjusted. Such planets—
planets with any oxygen atmosphere
at all—were extremely rare. Especial-
ly with Sol-type suns and only in the
radiation of a Sol-type sun could they
survive.

  So they were returning to their own
planet to report and a fleet would come
to take over. But it wouldn’t arrive for
forty years. Their maximum drive was
a little under the speed of light and
they couldn’t exceed that. So the return
trip would take them twenty years—
then another twenty for their fleet to
come and take over.

  Nor had they lied about their only
weapons being mental ones. Their
ships were unarmed and they them-
selves had no hand weapons. They
killed by thought. Individually they
could kill at short range. In large
groups, massing their minds into a col-
lective death-thought, they could kill
many miles away.

  You saw other things too in Came-
lon’s mind. Everything they’d told you
had been true, including the fact that
they couldn’t lie, could barely under-
stand the concept of a lie. And gam-
bling was their only pleasure, their
only weakness, their only passion.
Their only code of honor was gambling
—aside from that they were as imper-
sonal as machines.

  You even got a few- clues—a very few
—as to how that death-thought busi-
ness operated. Not enough to do it
yourself but—well, if you had time
and expert help to work it out...

  The help, say, of all the scientists—
the psychologists, the psychiatrists,
the anatomists—on Earth a new sci-
ence just might be developed in forty
years. With the few slight clues you
THE GAMBLERS

113

could give them and the knowledge
that there must be a defense and a
counter-offense—particularly a de-
feme if Earth wasn’t going to be a
Tharn colony—Earth’s best brains
ought to be able to do it in forty years.

  “They might at that,” a thought,
Camelon’s thought, comes into your
mind, “but you won’t be there to give
them those clues and tell them what
offensive weapon to fear. Or the dead-
line they’ll have to meet.”

  “They’ll know something happened
if they find me dead here,” you think.

  “Of course. And as we are taking
along your books and apparatus for
study they’ll know beings from outside
were here. But they won’t know our
plans, our capabilities, where we come
from. They won’t develop this defense
of which you were thinking.”

  “Better take no more chances with
him,” Borl thinks at Camelon.

  “Right. Look at me, Bobthayer.” You
look at him and his eyes suddenly seem
to grow monstrous and you can’t move
although it isn’t the same type of para-

lysis as before and you suddenly real-
ize that you are being hypnotized.
Camelon thinks, “You can no longer
harm us physically in any way."

  And you can’t. It’s as simple as that.
You know you can’t and that’s that.
They could all lie down on the floor
and go to sleep and you could have a
machine-gun in your hand and you
couldn’t pull the trigger once.

  Camelon thinks at Borl, “No chance
of his doing anything now that I’ve
done that. We may yet learn more
things of value from him.”

  “Shall we choose the things we are to
take with us when Dral returns with
the ship?”

  You gather that Dral is one of them
and that he has gone somewhere in the
spaceship in which they came, which
accounts for the fact that there was no
ship in sight when the Relief landed.
You wonder where Dral has gone and
why. Probably to look over the bases
being started for the rockets to Mars
while the others study the contents of

[Turn page)

                         ADVERTISEMENT

Can Man defuse to Die?

  Thirty-nine years ago, in Forbidden Tibet, be-
hind the highest mountains in, the world, a
young journalist named Edwin J. Dingle found
the answer to this question. A great mystic
opened his eyes. A great change came over
him. He realized the strange Power that Knowl-
edge gives.

  That Power, he says, can transform the life
of anyone. Questions, whatever they are, can be
answered. The problems of health, death, pov-
erty and wrong can be solved.

  In his own case, he was brought back to
splendid health. He acquired wealth, too, as well
as world-wide professional recognition. Thirty-
nine years ago he was sick as a man could be
and live. Once his coffin was bought. Years of
almost continuous tropical fevers, broken bones,
near blindness, privation and danger had made
a human wreck of him, physically and mentally.

  He was about to be sent back home to die,
when a strange message came — “They are
waiting for you In Tibet." He wants to tell the
whole world what he learned there, under the

guidance of the greatest mystic he ever encoun-
tered during his 21 years of travel throughout
the world. He wants everyone to experience the
greater health and the Power, which there came
to him.

  Within ten years, be was able to retire to this
country with a fortune. He had been honored
by fellowships in the World’s leading geographi-
cal societies, for his work as a geographer. And
today, 39 years later, he is still so athletic, capa-
ble of so much work, so young in appearance, it
is hard to believe he has lived so long.

  As a first step in their progress toward the
Power that Knowledge gives, Mr. Dingle want3
to send to readers of this paper a 9,000-word
treatise. He says the time has come for it to be
released to the Western World, and offers to
send it, free of cost or obligation, to sincere
readers of this notice. For your free copy, ad-
dress The Institute of Mentalphysics, 213 South
Hobart Blvd., Dept. B331, Los Angeles 4, Calif.
Write promptly as only a limited number of tho
free books have been printed.
114	STARTLING STORIES

this dome. A casual affirmative
thought from David gives you con-
firmation of your guess.

  Camelon is thinking to Borl, “No
hurry. He will not be back for hours
and it will not take us long. We take
all books, all apparatus, nothing else.”

nnHERE is a thought at the back of
A your mind and you try to keep it
there. You try not to think about it.
It’s not really a thought—it’s the
thought that there may possibly be a
thought if you dig for it and you don’t
dare dig because they’ll catch you at it
and know the thought as soon as you
do. Deliberately you think away from
it. Maybe your subconscious will work
out something from it without even you
recognizing the score.

  It’s got something to do with their
love of gambling, the fact that the only
honor they have has to do with gam-
bling. Think away from it quickly.
None of them look your way—the
thought was too vague for them to
catch. And it hasn’t anything to do
with harming them—you know you
can’t do that now.

  You sit down and you’re bored. You
think about being bored so that if they
tune in on your mind that’s what
they’ll get. And you really are bored—
that’s the funny part of it. You’re wait-
ing for them to kill you but it’s going
to be hours yet and there’s nothing you
can do about it—not even think about
it constructively.

  You wish there were something to do
to fill in the time. These guys like to
gamble, don’t they? A poker game,
maybe. Good old-fashioned poker.
Wonder if they’d be any good at it?

  But how could you play poker with
people who could read your mind? The
thought, “What is poker?” flashes at
you.

  You answer simply by letting your-
self think of the rules of poker, the
values of the hands, the excitement of
the game and the thrill of running a
bluff. And then, sadly, that it wouldn’t

be possible for them to play it because
of their telepathic abilities.

  “As he thinks of it, Camelon,” Borl
thinks, “it seems tremendously fascina-
ting. Why shouldn’t we try it? A new
gambling game would be a wonderful
thing to take back to Tharngel—al-
most as good as the news of two habit-
able planets if the game is a success.
And we can keep up our second-degree
barriers so that no thoughts can be sent
or received.”

  Camelon—“It’s risky with an alien.”
“We know his capabilities and they
are slight. You’ve put him under com-
pulsion not to harm us. And at any
move of his we can lower the barriers
instantly.”

  Camelon stares at you. You try not
to think but you can’t not think at all,
so you concentrate on the fact that
there is a box of games equipment in a
certain locker, that it includes cards
and chips. It is there because occasion-
ally this dome has been occupied by
two or even three men if the research
project they were involved in was a
very brief one.

  “What about stakes?” Camelon won-
ders. “Among us we could use Tharn
money. Your money if—no, you have
none with you, I perceive, because you
thought it would be of no use to you
here—and anyway your money would
be useless to us, ours to you.”

  You laugh. “You’re going to take
my books and equipment anyway. Why
not win them if you’re smart enough.”
You underlie it with the thought that
probably they’re too stupid to play
poker well and that they’d probably
cheat if they did play. You feel the
waves of anger, untranslatable because
they don’t need translation—anger is
the same in any language. Maybe you
went too far.

  “Get the cards,” Camelon says. And
you realize that he said it aloud, in
English. You wonder—and then real-
ize that you’ve been asking all your
questions by wondering and that this
one isn’t being answered.
THE GAMBLERS	115

  You ask, “You speak English?”

  “Don’t be stupid, Bobthayer. Of
course we can speak English after our
study of your mind. And of course
we can speak—it’s simply such an in-
convenient method of communication
that we use it only under special cir-
cumstances such as this. Our barriers
are up—we can no longer read your
mind or you ours.”

  The big table serves. Borl is count-
ing out chips.'Camelon tells him to is-
sue you chips to the extent of a thou-
sand units on the books and equipment.
You wonder how much a unit is and
whether you’re being gypped or not but
nobody answers unasked questions
anymore.

  Maybe they aren’t kidding—maybe
the barriers are really up and will stay
up while the game is on. Come to think
of it they probably will. Poker wouldn’t
be enjoyable otherwise. Just the same
you don't let yourself think too much
about anything important—such as
your subconscious reason for having
wanted this poker game. They might be
testing you now' even if they intend to
maintain their barriers while the game
is actually on, while the chips are really
down.

  You start to play. You deal first to
show them how. Draw, jacks to open.
Nobody gets openers and the deal passes
to Borl. You have to answer a few ques-
tions, explain a few minor points out
loud in answer to spoken questions. Borl
is awkward handling the cards—you
wonder that a race of gamblers hasn’t
discovered playing cards.

  Nobody explains. Borl deals and you
get queens. You open. Borl and Came-
lon stay. You don’t improve the queens
but you bet twenty units. Camelon has
drawn three cards and after Borl drops
his hand Camelon calls. He’s caught a
third trey to his original pair and he
wins the pot.

  They’ve got the idea all right—you’d
better concentrate on playing good
poker. You concentrate on it. You have
to because they’re good. And every in-

dication is that they’re on the level,
playing square with you. Once, with a
busted flush, you push in a fifty-unit
bluff and you aren't called although
David shows openers.

ONCE you spike an ace to a pair of
gentlemen and draw an ace and a
king for a full. You bet a hundred and
Borl calls you on a ten-high straight.
The call almost breaks Borl. He buys
chips—and has to buy them from you
because all the chips in the rack have
been sold.

  The stuff he buys them with turns out
to be two-inch-square bits of something
like cellophane except that it’s opaque
and has printing on it. The printing is a
long way from being in English so you
can’t read the denominations but you
take his word for it—his spoken word.

  You hit a losing streak. You lose all
your chips and have to use the currency
you got from Borl to buy more from
Camelon, who has most of the chips by
now. But you play cautiously for awhile
to learn their style—they've developed
styles already. They’re taking to poker
like cats to catnip.

  Borl is a bluffer—he always bets
more, if he bets at all, when he has noth-
ing than when he has a good hand. Ca-
melon plunges either way about every
fourth or fifth hand—the last two times
he had them and that’s why he's got the
chips now. David is cautious.

  So are you for awhile. Then cards
begin to run your way and you bet them.
You begin to pile up chips, then cello-
phane units. Dari—the one who had
their spaceship—comes back. There's a
momentary intermission while barriers
are lowered—and you carefully think
about nothing except the excitement of
the game as poker is explained to Dari.
Telepath ically, because it’s faster and
the boys are in a hurry to get back to
the game. Dari buys in.

  He wine his first pot and he’s an ad-
dict. Nobody cares what time it is or
whether school keeps.

  Pots run to a thousand units at a time
118	STARTLING STORIES

now— as many chips in one pot as you
got for all your books and equipment.
But that doesn’t matter because you’ve
got forty or fifty thousand units in front
of you. Dari goes broke first, then Borl
—after he’s borrowed as much as Came-
lon will lend him. Camelon’s tough and
David manages to pike along and stay
in.

  But finally you do it. You’ve got all
the money and you own one Tham
spaceship to boot. And the game is over.
You’ve won.

  Or have you? Camelon gets up and
you look at him and remember—for the
first time in many hours—that he is an
Alien.

  “We thank you, Bobthayer," he
thinks at you; the barriers are down
now. “We regret that we must kill you
for you have introduced us to a most
wonderful game.”

  “In what are you going to leave?” you
think at him. “The spaceship is mine.”
“Until you are dead, yes. I fear we
shall inherit it from you then.”

  You forget not to talk. “I thought
you were gamblers," you tell him, all of
them, aloud. “I thought you played for
keeps. I thought you were honorable
when it came to gambling if nothing
else."

  “We are but—”

  Borl forgets and talks aloud too.
“He’s right, Camelon. We cannot take
the spaceship. He won it fairly. We
cannot—"

  Camelon said, “We must. The life of
an individual is meaningless compared
to the advancement of the Tharn. We
will dishonor ourselves but we must re-
turn. We must report these planets.
Then we shall kill ourselves as dis-
honored Tharn."

  You look at him in wonder and he
looks back and suddenly he lowers de-
liberately a barrier of his mind. You
see that he means what he said. They
are gamblers and they’ve gambled and
lost and they’ll take the consequences.
They’ll really kill themselves as dis-
honored—after they’ve reported in.

  A lot of good that’s going to do you.
You’ll be twenty years dead by the time
they get home. And you won’t have a
chance to tell Earth what Earth’s got to
know—what to get ready for in forty
years. It’s a stalemate but that doesn’t
help you or Earth.

IV

    OU think desperately, looking for
an out. You’ve won and they’ve lost.
But you’ve lost too—Earth has lost. You
don’t care whether they’re reading your
mind or not. You look desperately for
an answer, even one that leaves you a
possibility. Maybe you can make a deal.

  “No,” Camelon thinks at you. “It is
true that if you offered us back our ship,
our money, the books and equipment in
exchange for your own life—which was
already forfeit—we could return honor-
ably to our people. But you would warn
Earth. As you were thinking some
hours ago a defense might be developed
by your scientists. So we would be
traitors to our own race if we made such
a deal with you even to save our own in-
dividual honors.”

  You look at them one at a time, at
them physically and into a part of their
minds, and you see that they mean it,
all of them. They agree with their lead-
er and they mean it.

  Dari thinks, “Camelon, we must
leave. We go to our deaths, but we must
leave. Kill him quickly and let us com-
plete our dishonor."

  Camelon turns to you.

  “Wait,” you say desperately aloud.
“I thought you were gamblers. If you
were gamblers you’d give me a chance,
no matter how slim a chance. You’d
leave me here with one chance out of
ten to survive. And in exchange for that
chance I’ll give you your own posses-
sions back voluntarily and min* too,
That way you wouldn’t be stealiirrthem
back—you wouldn’t be dishonoi-ed. You
wouldn’t have to kill yourselves after
you reported.”

It's a new Idea. They look at you.
THE GAMBLERS	117

Then, one by one, they think negatives.

  “One chance in a hundred,” you say.
There’s no change. "One chance in a
thousand! I thought you were gam-
blers.”

  Camelon thinks, “You tempt us ex-
cept for one thing. If we leave you here
alive you can leave a message for those
who are due in thirty-nine days to pick
you up, even though you yourself do
not survive to meet them.”

  You’d been hoping for that but they’d
read your mind. Damn beings who can
read minds! Still, any chance at all is
better than nothing. You say, “Take
away all writing materials.”

  Borl thinks at Camelon, “We can do
better than that. Put a psychic block on
his ability to write. A chance in a thou-
sand is little, Camelon, to save our
honor. As he says we are gamblers.
Can’t we gamble that far?”

  Camelon looks at David, at Dari. He
turns to you and raises his hand. You
lose consciousness.

  You awaken suddenly and completely.
The lights are dim. The inside of the
dome looks different. You look around
and realize that it has been stripped of
most of the things that were there. And
there is only one Tharn in the room with
you—Camelon. You find you are lying
on the cot and you sit up and look at
him.

  He thinks at you, “We are giving you
one chance in a thousand, Bobthayer.
We have calculated it carefully, every-
thing is arranged. I will explain the cir-
cumstances and the odds.”

  “Go ahead,” you say.

  “We have left you enough food,
enough water—barely enough to sur-
vive, it is true, but you will not die of
hunger or thirst if you ration them care-
fully. We have studied your metabolism
with great care. We know your exact
limits of tolerance. We have, as Borl
suggested, also blocked your ability to
write so that you can leave no message.
That, of course, has nothing to do with
your one chance out of a thousand of
survival.”

  “Where’s the catch? What’s the
chance, then, if you leave me enough
food and enough water. Oxygen?”

  “That’s right. We have taken out your
oxygen system and are leaving one of
our own type. It is much simpler. See
those thirteen plastic containers on the
table? 'Each one contains enough liquid
oxygen to supply you—by very careful
calculation—with enough oxygen to last
you three days if you are extremely
careful and take no exercise whatever.

  “The oxygen is in a binder fluid that
keeps it liquid and lets it evaporate at
a constant and exact rate. The binder
fluid also absorbs waste products. You
need open one jar every three days—or
whenever you find yourself in need of
more oxygen than you are getting, which
will be within a matter of minutes of
three days.”

T)UT where’s the catch? You wonder.
" Thirteen containers, each good for
three days if you’re careful, add up to
thirty-nine.

  You don’t have to ask it aloud. Came-
lon thinks, “One of the containers is
poisoned. There is an odorless undetect-
able gas that will evaporate with tht
oxygen. It is sufficiently poisonous tc
kill ten men of your weight and resist-
ance, of your general metabolism. There
is no way to tell it from the other jars
without extremely special equipment
and chemical knowledge beyond yours.
The day you open that container you
die.”

  “Fine,” you say. “But how does that
give me a chance if I have to use all
thirteen containers in order to live
through?”

  “There is a slight possibility—one
which we have calculated very carefully
—that you can survive on twelve con-
tainers of oxygen. If you can and if you
choose the proper twelve—which you
have one chance out of thirteen of doing
—you will survive. The parley of the
two chances adds up to one chance out
of a thousand. We leave now. My com-
panions await me in our ship.”
118	STARTLING STORIES

  He doesn’t wish you good-bye and you
don’t wish him good-bye either. You
watch the inner door of the airlock close.

  You go over and look at the thirteen
containers of oxygen and they all look
alike. The air is very thin and hard to
breathe. You’re going to have to open
one of them quite soon. The wrong one?
The one than contains enough poison to
kill ten men?

  Maybe it would be better if you pick
the wrong one first and get it over with.
The poison is odorless and undetectable
—maybe it’s painless too. You wish
you’d wondered that while he was still
here; he’d have answered it for you.
Probably it is painless—or is that only
wishful thinking?

  You look around the rest of the place.
They haven’t left a thing of value ex-
cept those thirteen containers and the
food and water. It doesn’t look like much
food and water for that long a period.
But it probably is enough, barely, if you
ration it carefully. Probably they feared
if they left any surplus water you might
figure some way to get the oxygen out
of it. They were wrong on that but they
didn’t take any chances—except the
thousand-to-one chance.

  You're panting, breathing like an
asthmatic. You reach for a container to
open it. If you do there’s one chance
out of thirteen that you'll be dead in
hours, maybe in minutes. They didn’t
tell you either how fast-acting the poison
is.

  You pull your hand back. You don’t
want to take even one chance out of
thirteen of dying until you’ve had a
chance to think carefully. You go back
to the cot and lie down to think because
you remember that every muscular mo-
tion you make cuts your chances.

  Have they missed anything, anything
at all? The oxygen tank on back of your
space-suit. You sit up suddenly and look
and see that the space-suit itself is gone.
There’s no advantage to the airlock—
the air that enters it when you pull the
lever comes from this room. And the
lock is empty now since it was last used

for a departure.

  The hydroponic garden is gone. So
are the emergency tanks of oxygen that
were in the storeroom in case of failure
of the plants. You realize that you've
got up and are wandering around again
and you sit down. You cut your chances
with every step you take.

  One chance in a thousand—if you can
use only twelve containers of oxygen
there’s—you figure it out mentally—
there must be one chance in about
seventy-seven that you’ll live. That’s
what they must have figured. One
chance in seventy-seven parlayed
against one in thirteen i3 about one in
a thousand.

  But if you could use all thirteen con-
tainers your chances would be good,
better than even. Not quite a certainty
because there is always the possibility
that something would go wrong, such
as your losing your will power on ra-
tioning the food—or, more likely, the
water—and dying of hunger or thirst
in the last day or two.

  You look for something to write with
to see if they made any mistake on the
hypnotic block. You can’t find anything
but you find out it doesn’t matter.
You’ve got a finger, haven’t you? You
try to write your name on the wall with
your finger. You can’t. You know your
name all right—Bob Thayer. But you
haven’t the faintest idea how to write it.

  You could talk the message if you
had a recording machine, but you
haven't a recording machine or any ma-
terials which, by any stretch of the
imagination, would let you make one.
You’ve got only your brain. You sit
down and use it.

VOU forget to wind your watch and
then, because of the pain, you wind
it too tight and break or jam the spring
and you’ve lost track of time and then
comes the time when you find that half
of your supplies are gone and youiiope
that half of the thirty-nine days is gone
too.

  And then again you’re sick and deliri-
THE GAMBLERS	119

ous and part of the time you think you’re
back on Earth and that you’ve just had
a nightmare about creatures from a
place called Tharngel and you dreamed
within the nightmare that you were
playing poker on the Moon and that you
won.

  Pain, thirst, hunger, struggle for
breath, nightmare. And then one day
you eat the last of the food and drink
the last of the water and you wonder
whether it’s the thirty-first day or the
thirty-ninth and you lie down again and
wait to find out.

  And you sleep and in your dream you
hear an earthshaking racket that could
be the landing of the Relief except that
you know you’re dreaming and in your
dream the air gets even thinner as air
rushes from the dome into the airlock
and the airlock opens and Captain
Thorkelsen is standing there beside you
and you say, “Hi, Captain,” weakly and
wake up to find out that you weren’t
really asleep and then you black out.

  And when you come around again,
there is good breatheable air in the dome
and there is food waiting for you to eat-
and water waiting for you to drink. And
all four of them from the Relief are
standing around watching you anxious-
ly.

  Thorkelsen grins down at you. “What
have you been doing? Where are all
the books and equipment? What hap-
pened?”

  “Got in a poker game,” you tell him.
Your throat is dry, still almost too dry
to talk, but you drink some water—care-
fully, a sip at a time.

  And then you’re telling the story, a
bit at a time, as you sip more water and
eat a little and you begin to feel almost
human again.

  And from the way they listen and the
way they watch you, you know that they
believe it—that they’d believe you even
if it weren’t for the evidence around
them. And that Earth will believe and
that everything’s all right, that forty
years is a long time even to develop a
new science when all of Earth is work-

ing at it. And you’ve still got the clues
to give them a start and your gamble
paid off. You won the poker game after
all.

  You get tired after a while and have
to stop talking. Thorkelsen looks at you
wonderingly. He says, “But, Good Lord,
man, how did you do it? All those oxy-
gen containers—if that’s what they were
—are plumb empty. And you say enough
poison to kill ten men was in one of
them. You look like you’ve lost thirty
pounds weight and you look like you’ll
need a month’s rest before you can walk
again but you’re alive. Did they miscal-
culate or what?”

  You can’t keep your eyes open any
longer—you’ve got to sleep. But maybe
you can take time to explain.

  “Simple, Cap,” you tell him. “Each
container held enough oxygen for one
man for three days and one of them also
contained enough poison to kill ten men.
But there were thirteen containers, so
I opened them all and mixed them to-
gether, and then put them back and
opened one approximately every three
days. So every minute, from the open-
ing of the first one, there’s been ten-
thirteenths of enough poison in the air
to kill a man. For thirty-nine days I’ve
been breathing almost enough poison to
kill me.

  “Of course the effect could have been
cumulative and it could have killed me
anyway but on the other hand I might
have built up immunity toward it.
Didn’t seem to work either way—I’ve
just been sick from it at a constant de-
gree from the beginning. But it was
plenty better than the one chance in a
thousand they intended to give me, so
I tried it. And it worked.”

  Vaguely you’re aware that Thorkelsen
is saying something, but you can’t make
out what it is and you don’t care because
you’re practically asleep already, the
wonderful sleep that you can have only
when you’re breathing real air with
enough oxygen and no poison. You’re
going to sleep all the way back to Earth
and never leave Earth again ever. ■
 Couples for the colonization of
Cygnus were chosen
scientifically — but love
sometimes laughs at scienceI

A tecond beait joined the flrrt
and Makin had to keep hli eye
on them both

The Cupids of Venus

By WILLIAM MORRISON

AS the men filed into the lecture room
out of the fog, Makin looked
around, but there was no sign that any
of the women had been here. In fact,
there was nothing to indicate that the
women were on the same planet. His
heart dropped but he hid his disappoint-
ment. As Colonel Galchek strode into
the room, he assumed the same cool
look of indifference the others showed.

  The Colonel stared at them, and the

men quieted down. The Colonel had an
idea, thought Makin ironically, that he
knew how to impose discipline with a
glance, but it was more probable that
on this last lap of their training before
the great adventure the men were
anxious to learn what lay ahead of them.
At any rate, they listened attentively.

  Colonel Galchek was brief. “Gentle-
men," he said, “your stay on Venus will
be a short one—less than ten days. You

120
THE CUPIDS OF VENUS	121

will be forced to undergo in this brief
period, hazards of the same kind you
would normally face on Cygnus Beta
Two in the course of years. I need hardly
say that this sort of training will be
invaluable. It is possible—even prob-
able—that of the sixty men here, one
or two will not survive the rigors of the
course.” He looked at them coolly, as if
wondering which one or two would not
survive. “We shall regret all casualties,
of course.”

  “The dirty liar,” thought Makin. “He
wouldn’t regret a casualty if it was his
own grandmother.”

  “Nevertheless, some casualties are un-
avoidable. And it is far better to suffer
them here, where you can reveal your
weaknesses while there is still time to
correct them, than on a planet in
Cygnus. We don’t want any unpleasant
surprises there. Of the fifty couples
finally selected to make the trip, we
intend to have every one survive. We
want the Cygnus colony to get off to a
good start. We must prove that it’s liva-
ble, and that it can take the overflow of
the System’s population.”

HE paused as the men stirred rest-
lessly.

  “You’re picked men and you’ve already
been through severe training. Your
wives have been selected just as care-
fully as you have. They will be fit mates
for you in every respect.”

  "Are the women,” asked Makin, “un-
dergoing the same sort of training in
the final stage ?”

  "Naturally. On Cygnus they’ll face the
same conditions as you do. They’ll need
the same preparation.”

  “Are they on Venus too ?”

  The Colonel frowned. “They are, but
that doesn’t concern you. You will have
no contact with them until the time for
departure. I should like to suggest, gen-
tlemen,” he added acidly, "that you con-
fine your questions to matters that con-
cern this group as a whole. Individual
problems will be taken up during your

interviews this afternoon and to-
morrow.”

  The men shrugged. One man opened
his mouth to ask a question and then
closed it, the question unasked.

  "You’ll receive your detailed sched-
ules tomorrow afternoon, after you have
all been interviewed. That is all.”

  The men broke up and went to their
rooms. Makin was not tired, but he could
have slept if he had wanted to, for he
had conditioned himself to fall into a
sound slumber upon the mental repeti-
tion of a simple nursery rhyme. And
from all indications, it would be well to
rest up as much as possible for the or-
deal ahead of him. All the same, he pre-
ferred to stay awake and think.

  He had met the girl he knew as
Women’s Group Member 47, or W 47, for
short, accidentally a mere two weeks
before, on completion of his space
flight. She had been sent in to see her
own superior officer at the time he had
gone up for a psychological recheck.
The elevator signal had been set for the
wrong floor, and he had met her in
the waiting room.

  He had known even at the time that
it was hopeless, for the matings were
being arranged on a scientific basis, but
he had fallen in love with her completely,
even, in a manner of speaking, before
first sight. He had fallen in love with
the shape of the back of her head, of
her neck and shoulders, before she had
turned her head so that he could see
her face. The sight of her clear eyes, and
the strong yet delicate chin had merely
strengthened his feelings. He had been
able to say only a dozen words to her
before an attendant had discovered that
he was in the wrong place, and firmly
escorted him out. But in that time he
had heard her voice, and the sound was
part of his own existence. He was in
love, and he would have one chance in
sixty of getting her.

  The chance had been long, but not
impossible; unfortunately, it had not
come through. He had been informed
122	STARTLING STORIES

only the day before that he had been
paired with W-24, and that no change
in arrangements was possible.

  The men in charge were not idiots, but
they could be guilty on occasion of idiotic
behavior. He would have died for W 47,
and he was being assigned to W 24; some
man who wouldn't have crossed the
street to save her life was going to get
the girl he loved and to live with her
for the rest of her life. It was stupid, it
would inevitably cause trouble in the new
colony, but the men in charge were not
concerned with his feelings. They had
their rules, and they were going to see
to it that they were carried out.

  Makin cursed softly to himself. He had
volunteered for colonization duty of his
own accord, out of a spirit of adventure,
and he had up till then accepted disci-
pline with the belief that it was for his
own good. Now he refused to accept it
further. He hoped they wouldn’t force
him to do it, but if necessary he would
drop out of the colony. They wouldn’t
like it, but it wouldn't really hurt their
plans, for of the sixty men they had cer-
tainly calculated on losing one or two.
Whatever happened, however, he was
going to get that girl.

  Having made up his mind about that,
he said to himself, “The little birds upon
the moon/ Are sad as sad can be/ There
is no air,/ And that’s unfair/ To bird or
bug or bee.” With the last word, he was
asleep.

  His interview with the Colonel took
place the following morning, and it set-
tled things for him. The Colonel said,
“You were interested in the women’s
group, Mr. Makin. Is one of them on your
mind?”

  ‘'Very much so. I want to marry her.”

  “You are not satisfied with the mate
assigned to you?”

  “I haven’t met her, and I don’t know
anything about her. I don’t want to
know.”

  “Her number, I understand, is W 24.
I have her photograph here. You might
care to look at it.”

  Makin looked, and said, “She’s a pret-
ty girl. Under other circumstances, I
might have liked her.”

  “She has excellent qualities. Qualities
any man would like to see in his wife.”
“Sorry, Colonel, I’m not interested. I
want to marry W 47.”

  “This one?”

  Again the Colonel showed a photo-
graph, and suddenly Makin was con-
scious that his heart beat faster.
“That’s the one, sir.”

  “She’s been assigned to someone
else.”

  “I think she’s in love with me too.”
“Love? The word’s absurd. You’ll both
of you change your minds before long.”
“I don’t think we will.”

THE Colonel said testily, “Your psy-
chological pattern shows that you
are best suited to W 24. We know what’s
best for you, Makin.”

  “Psychology is not yet an exact sci-
ence, Colonel. I prefer the girl of my own
choice."

  “You will take the one we choose for
you. And incidentally, Makin, there is
no backing out. You understand that, I
think. Unless you fail to pass the tests,
in which case your future is not very
bright, you will be a member of the
colonizing expedition. And you will be
married to W 24 before leaving.”

  “Do you think that is wise, sir ? I tell
you frankly that I am in love with
W 47. And if she is to be married to
another man in the same colony of fifty
couples—”

  “We have thought of that, Makin.’.’
The Colonel smiled pleasantly. “I may
have neglected to tell you that there will
be not one colony in Cygnus, but two.
Another group of fifty couples will be
going, to Cygnus Sigma Three. At the
end of this present training period, you
and your mate will be shipped to one
colony, W 47 and her mate to the other.
There will be no transport between them.
You and W 47 will never see each other
again.”
THE CUPIDS OF VENUS	123

  “I understand, sir,” said Makin quiet-
ly. He saluted and went out, leaving the
Colonel still smiling behind him.

  Down the corridor he received his
training schedule and had time to study
it. They were starting the men off on
individual jungle trips. Each man would
be supplied with a map and instruments,
with enough food for a week, and with
weapons that would enable him, if he
were sufficiently strong and active, to
cope with the fauna and flora he might
be expected to encounter.

  He pored over the map, and drew cer-
tain conclusions that were not in line
with the task that had been assigned
him. He was expected to travel from
point A to point B in seven days. The
distance was short, no more than a
hundred miles as the Venusian equiva-
lent of a crow flew, but detours might be
necessary and the map covered far more
than a narrow strip of territory between
the two points.

  If the women were undergoing the
same kind of training, it was possible
that they were being sent through the
same jungle in an area alongside. Their
starting point might be expected to be
not too far away. And if he moved rapid-
ly, not from A to B, but to the side, he
might get on her trail.

  The only question to be decided was in
which direction to move, right or left.
He studied the map again, and noted
that the jungle at the right was a little
less dense. In consideration of the lesser
physical strength of the women, it was
possible, although far from certain, that
they had been given the easier route.

  Makin made up his mind. He would
move to the right and try to locate her
as rapidly as possible. If he made a
mistake, he would be losing much valu-
able time, and be forced to retrace his
steps, but there was no other course
open to him.

  He set off at once to the right. The
sun glared down, its disc vague and
enormous through a thick lens of semi-
transparent clouds, its rays hot and ac-

tive. Some of the bluish vegetation in
his path could actually be seen to grow
as he looked at it, but the stalks bent
away from him as he approached, re-
pelled by the ST in which his clothes and
equipment had been soaked.

  Overhead, great bird-li’:e insects
soared. One or two of them caught sight
of him, swooped down and then zoomed
upward in sudden fright as a sound ray
from his ultra-frequency projector hit
them.

  Within the first half-hour he came
across a colony of the much-feared
traveling fungi, which his guide book
assured him were relatively rare. The
entire colony began to crawl toward him
when he was still a hundred feet away,
and he had to destroy its cohesion with
an aerosol pellet. A faintly sweetish odor
filled the air, and the colony broke up
into countless numbers of individual
fungi, each growing and dividing, grow-
ing and dividing aimlessly, to end up
an hour after he had gone as enfeebled
and dying individuals, no longer capable
of joining together as a super-organism
which had been the terror of the animals
in his path.

  He didn’t turn back to look. Five
hours after the start, he stopped to eat
and rest. The eating took ten minutes,
the resting five. By the beam compass
and path tracer on his left wrist, which
gave him his position at a glance, he
saw that he had covered almost twelve
miles. The going was not rapid, but he
was untired, and he knew that he could
keep it up for a long time. He moved on.

  The clouds began to thicken and the
jungle became dank and gloomy, a vast
dismal cavern beneath the heavy arch
of vapor. Twice he saw other men of his
group, and they passed each other quick-
•ly, with the shortest of greetings, each
intent upon his own problem.

  Now, if his guess was correct, he must
be coming close to the area where the
women would be forcing their way
through the jungle. The vegetation was
already more sparse and occasionally he
124	STARTLING STORIES

could catch a glimpse of a large form
slinking silently in the distance past the
moving trunks of trees which snapped
desperately at it in an attempt to secure
much-needed protein.

  He turned on the walkie-talkie on his
right wrist, and broadcast a signal. If he
were lucky, she would be close enough
to hear him and reply. But no one
answered. He continued to signal from
time to time for short intervals, but it
was another six hours before he re-
ceived a signal in return. W 34 wanted
to know whether he was hurt and calling
for help.

  He told her that he wasn’t, and asked
if she could give him any information
about W 47. She couldn't, and he
switched off once more, changing direc-
tion so that he would cut across W 34’s
path without meeting her. The incident
was a definite bit of encouragement. It
showed that he had chosen the correct
direction for the women’s test area, and
that in cutting across to the right he had
not dropped far enough behind to be out
of contact distance.

  He had stored up enough sleep to keep
going for a good twenty-four hours with-
out getting too tired, but he did not
omit necessary precautions. He stopped
to eat again after the normal five-hour
period, and this time he rested for twen-
ty minutes.

WHEN he started again, night had
fallen. But he strode ahead as con-
fidently as before, a beam from his cap
casting a daylight glow around him. And
at the end of the third hour, he received
in response to his own signal the word
he had awaited.

  W 47 said softly, "I’ve been expecting
to hear from you.”

  “You cut across to the left to meet
me?”

  “As fast as I could.”

  “What’s your position now?”

  She told him, and he looked at the map
and clenched his teeth. Between them
ran a river, a mile in width. Near the

center it was several hundred feet in
depth. There were deadly water-crea-
tures hidden beneath its surface, and
there was no ford where a crossing could
be attempted. Nor would it be feasible
to build a raft. The large vegetation was
heavier than water, and could not be
cut down and hollowed out so that it
would float except at the cost of more
time than they could spare.

  Nevertheless, they were within talk-
ing distance of one another, and that
was the main thing. An hour later, they
were at the river, he on his bank and
she on hers. But his beam would not
cut through a mile of darkness, and he
knew that he would have to wait for
daylight before catching sight of her.

  Colonel Galchek would have enjoyed
their conversation. Makin asked gently,
“Are you tired, darling?”

  "Not very.”

  “You should go to sleep. But I’d like
to give myself five minutes of talking
to you.”

  “Is that all?”

  “That will keep me going until morn-
ing. What’s your real name?”

  “Lona. Darling, are your eyes really
green, or was it just the light in which I
saw you?”

  “They’re supposed to be greenish-
blue.”

  “I love them. Darling, let me hear
you say my name.”

  The conversation, as Colonel Galchek
might have observed derisively, de-
generated into an interchange of fairly
senseless, but satisfying sounds. But
Makin limited himself strictly to five
minutes. At the end of that time they
wished each other good night and each
retired to a clear spot in the middle of
a clump of trees.

  The fronds recoiled desperately from
their ST’d clothing and thrashed around
in impotent anger. Any of the larger
animals lured by hopes of a human meal
would receive a ferocious welcome from
these vegetable guardians.

  Makin varied his rhyme slightly, using
THE CUPIDS OF VENUS	125

the version that would insure awakening
at the end of six hours.

  He whispered softly, “The little crea-
tures on the moon/ Are sad as sad can
be/ There is no air/ And that’s unfair/
To things that fly or flee.”

  His sleep was as sound as ever. But
it did not last for a full six hours. Short-
ly before the awakening time he had set
for himself, a shrill howling from the
trees around him brought him to his
feet. A long, thin constrictor plant had
wrapped itself around the fronds of one
of his tree-guards, and the tree was
whipping back and forth in a vain effort
to escape. The other end of the con-
strictor slipped through the space be-
tween the trees and came at him.

  His knife was out at once, and he
slashed at it vigorously. But the supple
bark had the toughness of steel and even
the tempered blade left no more than a
shallow scratch. The constrictor curled
around his right arm, and from that, as
he dropped the knife, slid to his body.
But his other hand had already secured
his heater, and the blinding flame sliced
through the thin strangler with star-
tling ease.

  The two halves of the constrictor
dropped from their victims and slithered
away in panic. Soon the charred ends
would slough away and then, if the
plant-creature were lucky and didn’t die
at once, they would embed themselves
in the soil and slowly grow again.

  Meanwhile, Makin rubbed his right
arm, which felt paralyzed, and left the
clump of trees. He turned on his walkie-
talkie, and at once received her signal.

  “Darling,” she said, “I got up early to
think about you, but I didn’t want to dis-
turb your sleep. Are you all right?”
“Perfect," he told her. “But don’t do
it again. You need the rest more than I
need the time spent worrying about me.”
‘The mists are clearing. Shall we try
to see each other?”

  He stood at the edge of the river and
looked across. On the other edge he
could make out a small black spot which

seemed to move oddly.

  “Are you waving your arms?” he
asked.

  “That’s right. You have wonderful
eyes!”

  Just what / was going to say. But
your face doesn’t look as beautiful as it
did the last time I saw you. Not at this
distance.”

  “Why not use your field magnifier?"
“I’m getting it out.” He focussed the
lenses and grinned. “Are you angry at
me, or is that expression natural?”

  “It’s perfectly natural. I’m sticking
my tongue out at you.”

  “Because I can’t think of a way to
cross this river?”

  “Not at all. Just because I love you.”
“That’s hardly logical,” he said. “But
it makes sense to me. What do we do
next?”

  “Continue upstream on our way to
the designated points.”

  “Not quite. Besides, that’s no solu-
tion to crossing the river. It doesn’t
narrow appreciably for fifty miles.”
“What are a mere fifty miles?”
“Darling,” he said, “don’t talk like
that, or I’ll plunge in and try to swim
across. And I’m saving that little trick
for a last resort. Shall we start up-
stream, keeping each other in sight, and
see what we can find in the way of
ferries?”

  “We may as well,” she sighed.

IN the river, a creature that seemed to
be all mouth and teeth broke the sur-
face and turned toward him. It had no
eyes, but it scented his presence as
3urely as any hound could have done.
As he moved upstream, it kept pace with
him like a faithful dog. After a mile,
another of its kind joined it, and then
another, and another. A few words from
Lona confirmed the fact that she was
being accompanied by a similar pack
of hungry and hopeful river-beasts. His
chances of crossing the river and join-
ing her began to seem more remote than
ever.
126	STARTLING STORIES

  After eighteen hours of travel they
slept as before in the center of groups
of trees, and this time no incident dis-
turbed the sleep of either one. But next
morning the hungry packs were still
there, faithfully awaiting what must
have seemed to them like promised
meals.

  That day and the following passed
eventlessly and hopelessly. For a few
moments Makin had entertained the
idea of cutting down one of the larger
trees and hollowing it out to make a
canoe, but even if he had taken the
time, he realized that the craft would
have been unstable, and that the wait-
ing beasts would easily have tipped it
over to get at him.

  On the fourth day of their journey
along the river, the jungle began to thin
out. Here and there were spaces bare
of the frond-trees and in these clearings
more and more of the larger animals
began to be visible. Two or three at-
tached themselves to his trail, and he
could see them from time to time, fear-
ful of the weapons that they knew
human beings carried, but hopeful at
the same time of a human meal. For the
moment they were no more than shad-
owy dangers, but sooner or later they
would attack.

  A short conversation with Lona re-
vealed that she too was accompanied by
similar companions on land, as well as
by the river-pack.

  “Take care of yourself,” said Makin
casually, although his heart beat faster
when he heard of her danger.

  “Don’t worry, sweetheart.”

  “The river narrows a bit just a little
further on. Tomorrow I’m going to at-
tempt a crossing.”

  “You’ll try to swim?”

  “Yes. I’ve thought of a way. It isn’t
foolproof, but I think I have a very good
chance.”

  “You mustn't! What will become of
me if I lose you ?”

  “I don't think you will. But don’t
worry, darling, we’ll talk it over

thoroughly before I start out.”

  The jungle thinned out until it was no
longer jungle, and that night he had
difficulty in finding a clump of trees to
protect him. He was glad to hear that on
her side she had less trouble. When,
eventually, he fell asleep, the beasts
crouched outside the range of the trees,
panting expectantly at the thought of
what would happen on the morrow.

 In the morning he spoke to Lona
again, and made ready. This time, when
he left the protection of the trees, the
hungry animals could hardly wait. They
darted around him, each afraid to be
the first to attack, each fearfully watch-
ing its fellows to make sure that it was
not done out of a meal.

  He made straight for the river bank.
At sight of him apparently ready to en-
ter the water and escape them, the
hitherto soundless animals howled in
desperation, while in the water, the
mouth-like beasts quivered with eager-
ness.

  The land-beasts attacked. But Makin
had his weapon out and although they
darted in swiftly, his gun was ready. He
cut down four before they came close,
and a fifth whose teeth were slashing
at him. The animal died in mid-air, its
jaws snapping and tearing at the skin
of his arm before it hit the ground.

  Two remained alive, and these fled. He
turned his back to them and directed
his gun upon the waiting river-beasts.
When he had finished his slaughter,
dead creatures floated on the water for
a distance of a hundred feet down the
river.

  He tossed into the water the first ani-
mals he had killed, and ran upstream.
At a spot where the scent of the dead
had not yet reached, he plunged in. For
a few moments at least, he would be
safe, with the attention of the river’s
predatory creatures centered on the
feast he had so kindly provided for them.

  He swam rapidly and steadily, at a
pace the he knew he could keep up. From
the other side of the river, Lona was
keeping an eye on him, ready to warn
THE CUPIDS OF VENUS	127

him of danger that approached on the
surface. After a quarter of a mile, her
signal came. The animals he had killed
had been eaten, and the different preda-
tors, especially those who had managed
to get no more than a taste of the feast,
would be seeking new victims. He
crushed one of his two capsules of river-
repellent as it rested in a pocket of his
jacket.

  He was barely in time. From the ?ide,
one of the mouth-like beasts darted at
him, then stopped short, trembling with
a sort of animal disgust as it caught the
scent-taste of the repellent, diffusing
slowly from his jacket into the water.
To Makin himself, the chemical had a
faint, not unpleasant fragrance, but to
the river creatures it was intolerable.
This one darted away again as rapidly
as it had approached.

  But it didn’t go far. It returned once
more, slowly this time, and followed him
as he swam steadily toward the bank
where Lona waited. He tried to twist
around for a shot at it, but in the water
the animal was too quick for him, and
all he did was waste precious seconds,
in which he could have advanced almost
a dozen yards. He didn’t make the same
mistake again.

HE swam steadily until the increas-
ing boldness of the waiting beast
warned him that the supply of chemical
in the capsule was near exhaustion.
None the less, he kept his nerve. Before
crushing his second and final capsule,
he waited until the creature was actually
darting in for the attack.

  It swerved away again, but it had won
a partial victory. Makin had hoped he
would not have to use this second dose
of repellent before covering two-thirds
of the distance across the river. But he
had been forced to crush the capsule at
least fifty yards before this goal. Now
he knew that he would have to fight his
way the last hundred yards out of the
river. And he could gauge his hopes of
success by the quickness of the waiting
beast, which circled around him easily,

and could flash in for the kill while he
tried to twist around and raise his
weapon.

  His hopes were not improved at the
three-quarter mark, where a second
beast joined the first, and he knew that
when the moment for fighting came he
would have to keep an eye on both at
the same time.

  He had passed the deepest part of the
river, and a hundred yards from shore
he was able to touch bottom. But he
continued to swim, for he could advance
more rapidly that way than he could by
wading. Only when both beasts, as if at
a signal, closed in at the same time, did
he stand and make the desperate fight
that he had known was inevitable.

   His first shot missed, and one beast’s
mouth loomed before him, the teeth
sharp and frightening. He swung an arm
in front of his face to keep the jaws
from snapping at his throat, and the
teeth ripped his sleeve to shreds. He
had no time for the creature that would
attack from the other side, and in the
back of his mind he felt that he was
doomed.

  But it was not in his nature to give
up. As the one in front of him twisted
around and snapped again, he thrust his
arm into its mouth and fired. The blast
tore it apart as the teeth sank into his
flesh.

  He turned around. At his side, the
other beast floated, dead, and Lona was
trying not to sob.

   “Darling, I came as quickly as I could,
but I was too slow. You're wounded 1”

   "Not badly. Not too badly to do this.’’

  He put both the injured and the un-
harmed arm around her and drew her
close. For a second she allowed him to
embrace her, then pushed him away.

   “Let’s get to the bank first.”

  He said unhappily, “I suppose that’s
sensible. What slowed you up?”

  “The moment I saw you were having
trouble, I came to meet you, as I had
said I would before you entered the
water. But my first capsule was faulty.
The chemical in it seemed to have de-
128	STARTLING STORIES

teriorated, and the beasts came at me
when I was no further in than my knees.
Luckily, I could use my arm freely
enough to fight them off. Then I used
the other capsule, and came on. But I
had lost time. A second later, and I
wouldn’t have been able to get the one
coming at you from the other side.”

SHE shuddered, but Makin said calm-
ly, “You weren’t too late. I knew all
along that you wouldn’t be.”

  They had reached shore, and this time
the embrace was a long one.

  Finally she pulled her lips away from
his and gasped, “We’re not out of the
woods yet. Let me bandage your arm.”
“The better to embrace you with.”
“Let me do the talking. Darling, we
still have a wonderful chance to get to
Cygnus.”

  “Together?”

 She nodded. “The man who inter-
viewed me was called out of the room.
He was out for five minutes, long enough
for me to read one or two of the papers
on top of his desk, and learn the pro-
cedure to be followed on the Cygnus
colonizing expedition. We can get on
that space ship and once we’re on, they’ll
have to take us.”

 Makin smiled. “You were unscru-
pulous enough to meddle with papers
that you had no right to touch, despite
the code you’ve been taught, and the
penalties with which you’ve been threat-
ened?”

  “Darling, I knew they meant to keep
us apart. I wasn’t going to let that hap-
pen, no matter what the risk.”

  “Lona, you’re wonderful—”

  “No, don’t kiss me again. Just listen.
The space port is twenty miles from
here. They don’t expect trouble, so it
Isn’t too well guarded. We can get mar-
ried in the civilian center nearby, using
the papers given us for the official
mating. Then, if we can get on the ship
shortly before it’s scheduled to take off,
they won’t have time to find out that
anything’s wrong, and once it does take
off, it certainly won’t turn back for our

sake. The only difficulty will be getting
on the ship.”

  “We’ll bribe a guard.”

 “The guards may not be easy to
bribe.”

  “Then we’ll threaten them. Or we’ll
do both. Let’s go, darling.”

  At the civilian center, each had a
marriage test-certificate ready, and the
ceremony took place without trouble.
But at the space port itself, there seemed
at first little chance that they would be
able to get to the ship.

  The first guard to whom Makin spoke
in private, refused bluntly and was
about to raise an alarm, when Makin hit
him and knocked him unconscious. Plas-
tic ropes and a gag ensured his silence
until take-off time.

  With the second guard, a shifty-eyed
individual who kept his gaze on the
ground, they had more luck. He demand-
ed all their money and their most valu-
able equipment before consenting to aid
them, but finally he was satisfied.

  The actual getting on the ship turned
out to be simple enough. The guard con-
sulted a register of those already checked
through, accepted their identification
tags, pretended to compare the numbers
with those on his lists, and waved them
forward. He would get into trouble later,
thought Makin, but the bribe he had re-
ceived would more than make up for it.

  A half-hour after they had been given
their compartment, the ship took off.
But not until it had circled the planet
and was setting a steady course for
Cygnus did they breathe freely. Then
Makin to. k her in his arms once more.
They were hurtling past Earth by the
time he let her go.

IN the Colonization office, Major Crane
saluted, and Colonel Galchek said
dryly:

  “What’s the final record?”

  “Fifty-one couples for Beta Two, fifty-
two for Sigma Three. All on board in
first-class condition or close to it. Noth-
ing but such trifles as wounded arms and
legs, wrenched backs, and so on.”
THE CUPIDS OF VENUS

  “We’ve topped our quota,” said Gal-
chek with satisfaction. “Next time we’ll
do even better. What were the causes
of failure?”

  “Of the seventeen listed, there was
one joint failure, in which neither man
nor woman made the grade. Both physi-
cal and mental factors were involved.”
Galchek grunted. “Separate them, cure
them of what ails them, and give them
nice non-adventurous jobs. Go on.”
“Three cases of physical failure—two
among the men, one among the women.
Purely accidental factors involved. They
refused to be separated. In each case,
the uninjured member of the couple
saved his or her partner. I suggest that
they be kept together and sent on a later
expedition.”

  “We’ll do that. What of the remaining
thirteen ?”

  “Primarily mental. There was slight
differences among them, but in each
case the pre-encounter suggestions did
not work out properly.”

  “Whose fault?” asked Galchek. “The
psychologists ?”

  “They're not perfect, Colonel, but I
think we can blame primarily the
human material. Consider the cases that
did work, such as those of M 14 and
W 47.”

  “I remember M 14. I think his name
was Makin.”

  “Right. He and W 47 received
thoroughly established pre-suggestions
that they fall in love with each other,
despite the nature of pretended official
matings. Well, all he needed was a sight
of the back of her neck, her hair and
half of one ear, and the thing clicked.
From then on, wild horses couldn’t have
separated them. In fact, wild beasts
didn’t.”

  “And in the other cases—the fail-
ures ?”

  “Some had even more protracted first
meetings. Undoubtedly, they felt at-
tracted to each other. But five were so
thoroughly conditioned to taking orders

129

that they refused to challenge the official
matings. They would have allowed them-
selves to be mated to those they didn't
like, rather than risk displeasure for
those they loved.”

  Galchek said with contempt, “They’ll
make nice officials themselves some day.
Old bureaucratic style. They'll be sepa-
rated?”

  “Of course. Of those left, two of the
women were so honorable that they re-
fused to examine the papers on my desk
when given the opportunity. Three of
the men, after going through all the
physical dangers, thought it was wrong
to bribe a guard. Even that shifty-eyed
guard we had placed there for the spe-
cific purpose of being bribed.”

“The idiots. They’d never make the
grade on Cygnus. And the remainder?”
“Danger separated them instead of
bringing them together. They quarreled
fiercely.”

  “For them, Cygnus would be death,”
Galchek said. “Talking about psycholo-
gists not being perfect—they’re hardly
passable. Every individual had a
thorough psych-check. None of these
things should have happened.”

  “We know they shouldn’t. But they
always do. That’s why we can’t afford to
rely on tests alone, and have to put our
couples through the mill.”

  “I still say it’s wasteful,” growled
Galchek. “Of course, the fact that each
couple has fought through dangers to-
gether and expects to receive punish-
ment for breaking orders if it ever re-
turned to the System, also helps keep
them together on a tough job in Cygnu3.
But the whole thing is a nuisance. Im-
agine the Colonization Service having to
serve as Cupid and arrange all those love
matches!”

  And the thought of Makin and Lona,
and all the other couples now gazing so
blissfully into each other’s eyes, made
him growl again. For it happened that
Colonel Galchek, chief Cupid of Venus,
had married for money instead of love.

Read Our Companion Magazine THRILLING WONDER STORIES—25c at All Stands!
THE ETHER VIBRATES

(Continued

■work and concerns political liberalism— Wayne
University, Detroit, Mich.

  See what I mean?

WHICH MAG HAS THE TONY?

by W. Paul Ganley, Sec. ISFCC

Dear Mr. Merwin:

  It has been quite a long interval since I last sat
down to bat out an epistle to a fantasy magazine.
Perhaps it only seems long, but honestly, when I
liave the inclination, I have no time; and with
sufficient time, there is little desire. I suspect I
shan’t regain the old bubbling enthusiasm with
which I put together a bundle of fiendish phrases
and sent them on their way through the medium
of a completely innocent mail carrier.

  Nevertheless, I have returned, whether for this
month alone or for a longer stay, only time can tell.
However, I got STARTLING this afternoon, and
decided to do nothing tonight but read it, comment
on it, and listen to the Buffalo Bisons get beaten
again. The reason for this momentous decision,
other than laziness, is to relax my mind to some
extent—for on the morrow I have a scholarship
exam at the University of Buffalo! Starting next
September I’ll have even less time to devote to my
favorite literature.

  A goodly percentage of letters begin, when they
don’t start off "This is my very first letter to ... .
etc., etc.,” by saying, "Haven’t written often of
late, but this current issue of SS featured such
a terrific novel that I just had to sit down and ..
and so on.

  Well, it’s not true! THE DARK TOWER was
not an outstanding novel—but jt was good! It was
completely relaxing. Some people dislike space
opera, but I don’t dislike it when it's well handled;
and as you yourself said, West did an excellent job.

  Brackett was pretty good. Y'know, Brackett’s
last two jobs have seemed an awful lot like her
husband’s work, and the Cap Future stuff had a
great similarity to Brackett’s type! Could I be
tfrohg, or are they actually collaborating a little
bit? Or perhaps revising each other's manuscripts?
WOMAN FROM ALTAIR was good, but it was
not injected with the pathos that appears in other
Brackett tales. WITCH WAR was cute, to say
the least, although the idea is by no means new,
and in my humble opinion could have used some
background padding. THE ULTIMATE ENGINE
was satisfactory, though for reasons which perhaps
you don’t want revealed, I should just shut up
about it. However, I really have found Carter
Sprague and Matt Lee quite all right. Sam Merwin,
Jr., has been getting along pretty well also. Es-
pecially that novelette in the last TWS, I PSII

  Now I intend to keep my little nose clean, so
will not allow it to protrude into the various dis-
cussions going on. I will say that ye editor is more
toned down than usual; I will say that the Coles
were as easy and interesting reading as always;

'om page 8)

and that Joe Gibson was likewise, though he used
more words. A surprise in the letter column this
time was the large amount of people whose names
I recognize. Usually there are few of such; and
as has been observed many times before, letter
writers come and go. How many of the people who
were composing missives when I first began a scant
two or three years ago are still showing up in letter
columns? Not many! It makes me feel I’m getting
old—and at my age too I It’s a laugh!

  . I would like to comment on your new system of
reviewing fanzines. For various reasons, perhaps
not all of them impersonal, I am not in favor of it.
I liked the old version better. I shall enumerate
some of these reasons. First of all, FAN-FARE
has been published eight times, now, and in the
seven reviews that have appeared, FAN-FARE has
been on the "B-list” or its new equivalent seven
times. 1 don’t like to say this, because it sounds
conceited to me when I see others doing the same
thing, but I firmly believe my fanzine is worthy
of more recognition than it is obtaining in STAR-
TLING STORIES. Perhaps not so much the
regular issues, although they are certoinly nothing
to apologize for. but definitely the anniversary
issue. Let me refresh your mind; and instead of
being interviewed by fans for fanzines (as you
anecdote-d) for hours on end, spend some of the
time relooking at that issue. It was the January,
1951, issue, and contained 46 pages (8x11) includ-
ing two covers. There were five stories, one of
them 10,000 words long. It was mimeographed at
least as well as the last issue of the old DREAM
QUEST (Vol. 1, #6). and I think about as well
as NEKROMANTIKON. Of course, I am unable
to print or multigraph or offset or otherwise dupli-
cate it or parts of it, but my mimeoing is neater
than typing, so that shouldn’t count as a drawback.

  If you remember (unless you've deposited in the
Bank) the old system divided the fanzines into the
good batch (the “A-list”) and the not-so-good
batch (the "B-list'’). At times the “A-list” was
very short; at times it was very long. I THINK
"FAN-FARF." IS GOOD ENOUGH TO HAVE
GOT INTO THE A-LIST UNDER THE OLD
SYSTEM. So perhaps my “beef” is mainly selfish;
but that doesn't make it any less true. Under the
old system, all the really good fanzines were given
due recognition; now only ten are afforded pub-
licity. One month, there may be only five or six
really good fanzines, and you will have to pick
some not-so-hot jobs. Other times you’ll have more
than ten magazines, all of which are outstanding,
all of which are worthy of recognition. Thus, some
which do not deserve recognition are getting it;
and some which deserve it are denied it. Is this
not true?

  Here is another phase of the argument. I have
put out an issue of a fanzine which contains what
I consider good material, printed on the best paper I
could find, mimeographed as perfectly as multi-
graphing, containing good illustrations, timely book
reviews, and an interesting guest editorial. I have
done my best, the best I know how. And what
happens? It is stuck down there among other “al-
THE ETHER VIBRATES	131

mosts”—AND AMONG DIRTY ONE-SHEET
RAGS THAT SOME FAN TURNED OUT IN
A COUPLE OF DAYS AND THAT CON-
TAIN SOME INSIGNIFICANT DRIVEL! My
efforts are not made worthwhile; but even worse,
I am no better off than when I started. I can work
steadily for two solid months (as I did!) to pro-
duce another, superissue, but it won't be any better
than before. I’ll still' make the same mistakes, if
there are mistakes. WHAT AM I DOING
WRONG? No one tells me. You don’t; all you
do is list my magazine and address and price. I
admit that I thought you used to be a little hard
on the fanzines before, especially the “B’s”—but
you’re an editor, a competent man, a guy who
knows wot’s wotl If you deride something, there
is a good chance that you have a good reason. If
you say I am publishing poor fan fiction, then
there!—I know one of the troubles, and can seek
to better it I I would rather have you tear FAN-
FARE apart than cast it aside without a word!
Once you’ve tom it apart, I can salvage what is
good from the ruins and add superior stuff, know-
ing the defects of the former attempt

  And what is a darn sight more puzzling!—Rog
Phillips writes a whole column (that was his
writing, not my review, in his column) on FAN-
FARE and raves about it, while giving honest
criticism here ar.d there where it would do the most
good; and my spies report that Taurasi (in the
triple-S) did somewhat likewise, though that maga-
zine is not available hereabouts. What am I to
think! ?

  I have two favors to request. The first, which

I	have no illusions about—I doubt any action will
result, is that you either return to the old system
of rating, or else compromise, and criticize the
mags, all of them. (After all, it is a "department
of comment and criticism devoted to fandom,”)
The second favor is that, either in tin's column or
in a private letter, TELL ME WHAT WAS
WRONG WITH THE JANUARY FAN-
FARE!!’’

  Didja notice they named a mag after my mag?!
—119 Ward Rom], North Tonawanda, Nnv York.

  As you may have noticed, Paul, we have sus-
pended the “ten best” system at least until we
learn the ropes. And after that we’ll see. Up
to now, our contact with fanzines has been occa-
sional, not professional, and we have no devel-
oped criterion. We haven’t even decided yet
whether fanzines as a whole should be encour-
aged or discouraged. But on the face of it, how
can you have anything but admiration for some-
one who puts everything he's got, including
everything he can scrape up in the way of cash,
into his brain child? That make you feel any
better ?

A PLUG FOR CHILDHOOD

by E. E. Newlin, Jr.

Dear Ed:

  Although a few months ago you probably heaved
a sich of relief, supposedly safe in the assurance

that you were through with me for good, one—
or perhaps two—things have prompted me to return
from comparative letter-hack retirement.

  One is the magnetic-type attraction that ETHER-
GRAMS emanates. And the other is this recent
craze for maturity. I can hardly open the pages
of any stf mag without finding something about the
fervid quest for maturity. It seems to be treated,
even worshipped, as a panacea, as far as stf’s
troubles are concerned.

  We want more mature covers, more mature
stories, more mature editorials, more mature letter
columns—everything but more mature readers. If
a story is bad, it is immature. “Bad” is synonymous
with “immature,” of course.

  Luckily, the maturity that you planned on pinning
on ETHERGRAMS hasn’t made too great an
effect—oh. it’s taken out some of the punch that
ETHERGRAMS used to have, but it hasn’t killed
the good-natured atmosphere of good semi-clean
fun.

  It’s been my observation that the most immature
are the quickest to brand others with that curse . . .
hoping to disguise their immaturity by that ignoble
shield. And on close study, we find maturity to be
a very liquid word. Mr. Webster & family might
tell you it meant ripe, perfected by time or natural
growth. However, Roget’s Thesaurus gives us
“maturity; decline, decay; senility & c.” He pre-
sents a very gloomy picture of maturity—age, an-
tiquity ; cobwebs o’ antiquity, and such grim phrases.

  Now where (he asks coyly) does stf fit with
that? Can you picture a gasping gray-beard totter-
ing through the swamps of Venus? Or a great-
grandfather blasting off for Mars? Of course,
there is always the Deep Thought-type of story.
This is fine, but without a little bit of juicy action,
the tale is a dud. Naturally I have nothing against
purposeful science-fiction. But I guess that you'll
agree with me, old Thing, that the main purpose
of stf is sheer entertainment. And now that some
of the best writers are saving their best stuff for
the slicks, we need a decided amount of emphasis
on the entertainment.

  But so much for maturity. Before I close, I’d
like to say a thing or three about Richard Mathe-
son. I like him, and I’d be glad to see more of
him, but I wish the fellow would settle on one
set style. So far I’ve read three different stories
in three different styles of his . . . and I may be
venturing too much on the statement, but I think
Matheson could develop a style which would mark
him almost as Bradbury’s style has marked Brad-
bury. Hmmm?—103 Peck Avenue, San Antonio,
10, Texas!

  We’ll grant you this much: that any “quest”
for maturity or anything else, can be very phony
indeed. Having participated in more than
enough literary evenings where all the intel-
lectuals sat around with a glass in one hand
and a quip on the tongue, trying to impress each
other, and having been thoroughly bored by the
same dialogue over and over again, we know
what you mean. But I don’t think there’s any-
thing phony about this particular quest for ma-
turity. You can, after all, have two kinds of
132	STARTLING STORIES

science-fiction: the comic strip kind or the in-
telligent kind. The comic strip kind is a western
with ray-guns instead of Colts and adds noth-
ing to the stature of the field. The thoughtful
kind founds a new literature. Where the raw
space opera is going nowhere, the more mature
—if you'll pardon the expression—story is only
the beginning of something bigger. In order to
print sucli stories you have to have reasonably
mature readers and you have to be able to under-
stand each other when you discuss the factors
involved.

  This is not to cast any aspersions on good
clean fun. Let’s keep it, but let’s not clown all
the time. Matter of fact, we happen to like con-
siderable spoofing in our stf stories ourselves
and have been frequently downcast in the past
by having some fans sneer at stories written for
a chuckle, or for satire. Anyway, stick with us
and see what happens.

CALL FOR CAPTAIN FUTURE

By Raul Garcia Capella, Jr.

Dear Ed:

  There’s a rather spcciai reason for my writing
to SS—since, you sec, I don't often write to mags.
I’m looking for a “Captain Future" mag that came
out a long time ago. Trouble is, I don't know its
date or number. The only thing I have to go on is
the cover and story, so . . .

  1	The plot: A dark star is approaching the solar
system, threatening to engulf it The only man
with the power to stop it—or so he claims—is some
doctor or professor who wants to be ruler of the
system in exchange for his services. C. F. tells the
government to hold on as long as they can while he
looks into the matter. During the course of the
adventure his ship is crippled and is sucked into the
“Sargasso Sea” of space To get out of it his ship
needs extra power. He goes, space-suited into a
derelict ar.d gets some generators or something of
the sort. He’s caught in the act of taking them by
what is left of the crew. These characters are
aliens. This is the scene for the . . .

  2	Cover: CF is before the controls of a space-
ship, tangling with the aliens—if I'm not mistaken,
they were green, tentacled BEMs. The girl is on
the left of the picture. Now to go on with . . .

  3	The plot: CF gets to one of Pluto’s moons—
Styx—which is supposedly covered by water. CF
lands on dry land—the water is an illusion created
by an unsociable race living there. CF finds out
that the dark star is an illusion covering a space-
ship. “This is a job for”—(sorry, got carried
away). Anyhow, CF boards the evil-doers’ ship.
There is a scuffle from which CF comes out on top.
They live liappily ever after. Finis. A later story
called "Magic Moon” was a sort of sequel to it

  If you know the name of the story, the number
or date of the mag—would you please stick it in
a little corner of TEV? And if you don’t remem-
ber—would you print my letter so fans can help
me? I’d like to have the mag ’cause it was the

first S-F yarn (full-length) I ever read. I’d ap-
preciate it very much if you gave me a hand—it's
the only way I can get it Thanks!—480 Clinton
Ave., Brooklyn 16, M. Y.

  We’ve read it, but its antecedants go back to
a slightly less organized past, so we can’t be
omniscient and haul forth the issue, number and
date just like that We'll pass this to the read-
ers—and they'll give you the business, never
fear.

ASK A FOOLISH QUESTION . . .

by Bill Warren

Dear Editor Merwin:

  I've got no quarrel with the stories in the July
SS—none at all. In fact, I am of the considered
opinion that they are pretty dem good I expect
most of your mail will give the long tales of the
issue good notices: but I'd like especially to mention
the little short one you stuck in just before TEV,
“Witch War". This one had a lot of moxie, most
of which was due to tlie distinctive style. Very
effective—tho I suspect that if a stray English
teacher happened to read it, he probably had a bad
case of the shakes as a result of seeing all the
sentence fragments. Actually, this employment of
phrases added mightily to the atmosphere of the
piece. I expect you bought the yam for this rea-
son—no?

  I quote from "The Dark Tower": “. . . her
breasts rose proudly under the translucent silk..."
Why is it that breasts must always rise proudly?
Why not jut rudely; spread softly; rear astonish-
ingly; droop listlessly; perk coyly. Or maybe for
the hell of it. an author might just let them lay
diere Don’t get me wrong; I think the “rose
proudly” phrase denotes most interesting activity.
And I am all for it. But you know what they say
about variety and spice and all that.

  Can we have your opinion, Mr. Merwin?—314
West Main Street. Sterling, Kansas.

  This reminds me of an old joke, in which the
punch line runs, “Shucks, we ain’t gonna dig
him up just to ask him that." Anyway, we
refuse to answer this question upon good and
obvious grounds. An editor doesn’t have to put
himself on record about everything, does he?

DINGUS

by Joe Gibson

Dear Sam:

 Afraid your commentary on West’s DARK
TOWER was true only insofar as "totally un-
expected incident" is concerned. Certainly the
Memory Bank idea could've had more far-reaching
conscquence to the story than to be used merely as
a gimmick whereby the author could indulge in a
little “scandalous” playing with the usual degrada-
tion of a corrupt civilization. And we’ve had cor-
rupt civilizations and space-roving barbarian hordes
and “things from the Outer Darkness” dominating
TIIE ETHER

stf so often the past fifteen years it amounts to a
plague. Where West did succeed was in taking
such well-worn protagonists and making under-
standable characters of them. Too bad he didn't do
it with some new protagonists, though. Why
Rolph’s Brudders had to be pseudo-Vikings beats
me!

  That dingus between you and Canuck Morse in
Ethcrgrams lias me pawing my beard. Since when
were Bradbury's MARTIAN CHRONICLES a
dependable reference to human cussedness? And
what do you know about Buffalo Bills shooting
alien steaks? In the first place, a spaceship’s ex-
peditionary crew, be they Charles Atlas graduates
or scientific geniuses, cannot be classified as "nor-
mal” human beings. To do so is to judge others
by yourself, which is Bradbury's trap in my estima-
tion. A spaceship's expeditionary crew might be
“normal" only so far as the foot of the ladder
leading up to the ship's airlock, when they stop tor
a last look around at Mother Earth. The men who
climb that ladder won't be the same. Frontiersmen
are not and never were the same as the civilized
sheep they leave behind.

  The first men who plunged into the American
wilderness to explore weren't Indian haters—they
lived with the tribes. Only the gold-seeking Span-
ish conquistadores and the land-hungry settlers of
the American colonies fought the Indians. It was
the greenhorn, trigger-happy emigrants of the
wagon trains who coined the phrase “only good
Injun is a dead Injun,” not the frontiersmen. It
was the criminal elements driven out of the East
that created most of the warfare with the Indians
in the West. When the Indians massed and at-
tacked, in the only kind of defense they knew, the
frontiersmen were forced to organize the settlers
and fight back or be wiped out—though some
frontiersmen, whom the settlers naturally despised,
sided with the Indians. Very little is said about
them in our history books.

  As for your disinterest in making the trip to the
Moon, Sam, you don't seem to realize that founding
a base on that pitted satellite will teach us much
about the problems of founding bases on other alien
worlds—if it doesn't kill us. Your refusal to take
the risks so that other men might fare better cer-
tainly won’t get you very far up that ladder to the
ship’s airlock. Reckless courage won’t help much,
either; the only way to remain alive in a wilder-
ness-virgin forests, a jet-fighter at 40,000 feet,
or a base on another world—is to know what you’re
doing. And the only way to know in the Unknown
is to learn. Learn or die. I f alien intelligent beings
meet these crewmen—the ones who survive—they
aren't likely to be carved up as steaks.

  In short, it's hardly accurate to judge the men
who open new frontiers by the human sheep who
follow them, seeking selfish opportunity.

  Bill's invitation to a hand of poker reminds me
of why I quit the game—rather, quit active par-
ticipation, let’s say. Best way to sit in on a poker
game is as, in Bill’s case, a representative of the
Bank of Canada. Pick out a fairly skilled player
who's losing, then stake him to a couple of bucks
to keep him in the game. Seven to ten, his luck
changes with your stake and he starts winning.
Conditions of the stake are that you get half the
winnings, to be called for at your discretion. When
the guy wins six bucks, take three—making you a

VIBRATES	133

dollar to the good—and stake another losing player.
By keeping your mouth shut and your billfold out
of sight, you can keep the game going all night
and end up with more winnings than any of 'em
without ever having touched the cards. I quit
fiddling the pasteboards back on the Seine River.

  And I did mean west of the Mississippi, not the
Hudson, Sam. Was once a bandy-legged brat on
a little cow spread some sixty miles west by north
of the Santa Fe National Forest, in as wild a
tangle of badlands as found anywhere in New
Mexico.

  But when you say “the whole material purpose
of civilization is to banish the discomfort of the
wilderness for the proper civilized human environ-
ment of clipped lawn and smooth sidewalk,” are
you sure you haven’t bit a fallacy there? Seems
to me this “proper” civilized human environment
we have today still isn’t far removed from dis-
comfort, and has a hell of a long way to go before
it can justifiably be called civilization.

  Also, next time you sit on hard bleachers in a
broiling sun to yell at a bunch of guys running,
jumping and skidding around a baseball diamond,
sit back and observe your pathological “urge to
endure discomfort without need in the name of
pleasure” doing its stuff. Personally, I don’t even
prefer it on smoke-screened tavern television.—
24 Kensington Ave., Jersey City 4, N.J.

  We really shouldn’t get into this argument,
since it seems to concern only Gibson and Mer-
win, but one sentence screams for comment:
“In short, it’s hardly accurate to judge the men
who open new frontiers by the human sheep who
follow them, seeking selfish opportunity.”

  What do you thir.k the men who opened the
new frontiers were seeking, Joe? And if you
want to take our own West as a sample, were
there ever a more greedy, ruthless, murdering
bunch than a lot of the tough monkeys who went
forth to kill Indians, slaughter the game, wipe
out the forests, destroy the soil, rip out the oil
and gold and coal and generally wreak havoc
on a country so big and lush with natural re-
sources that it was thought something like 2000
years would be required to settle it?

  There were heroes among the early pioneers
all right, but the word courage is not always
synonymous with nobility. In fact, some very
brave characters have also been complete heels
—present company excepted, of course.

OF ALL THINGS

by Pat Farrell

Dear Sam:

  Wha hoppen? You burst out in January with
a swell cover, then in March you slap on a hum-
dinger. By the way, let's hope that the gal on the
March cover is not a heavy breather. If she was,
she would stand an even chance of becoming in-
decent. But, back to praising and criticizing your
covers. As I said, you had swell covers in Jan.
and March, but then you come out and tag that
stinker on your July issue. Why don't you tell your
chief artist to bone up on astrogation, those ships
squirting red stuff at the tower are going to have
one heck of a wreck. Also, if your artist had read
the story, he would have noticed that half or more
of the ships were barb globes. Not elongated pop-
sides as Buster Brown (alias artist) has ’em.

  I’d like to say a few words about "The Dark
Tower”. I plead on bended knees, if West wants
to write like that, lock the doors, bar the windows,
and invent any kind of Buck Rogers Ray Gun to
keep him out. Let’s have more action and less
fiddling around with memory banks and Martians.
Also, let’s have more shorts and less ten-million
word monstrosities.

  Well, here’s my Farrell rating on the stories in
 the July issue.

  Witch War; It was okay ’cept that it was too
short.

  The Ultimate Engine; lit wasn’t quite up to your
 usual standards.

  The Woman From Altair; It was pretty good
but it was too melodramatic.

  The Dark Tower; In my opinion and the opinions
of a mob of my friends, it was as dead as a door-
knob. Th’ auld barbs a’ their bonny kilties was a
little too much for me to stomach.

  But enough of nasty cracks about your mag. I
started reading S.S. in ’SO. That’s what started
me going on stf. From then I've branched out to
nothing in particular in a very small way.

  Well, it’s time to sign off. My visiscrccn (alias
 dinner) is calling.

  If all the heavy breathing engendered by our
March cover could only have been collected in
one place, it would have floated the lighter-
tlian-air craft of seven navies. That’s why we
did it. Anyway, thanks for noticing.

THE STATISTICAL APPROACH

by Anthony Laurio, Jr.

Dear Sham:

  (not drunk; just felling good)

  Greetings Comrade. The day of the Revolution
has arrived. We strike tonight . . . oops—wrong
guy. Thought you were someone else. But there
are too many home-grown Reds on the loose these
days.

  Down to the business at hand—namely comments
on various and sundry sections of Startling (July).

  Section the first:

  Subscription A: entitled THE DARK TOWER,
by one Wallace West.

  (1)	initial reaction upon picking up copy of
periodical at local candy store. . . . hmmmm . . .
huh? .... oooooh .... West .... look at that
blurb. . . . CSO maybe (Corny Space Opera)
ninety-one page3 .... beware. . . .

  (2)	reaction after reading story....lunmmmm

____hub ?... oooooh plitty goo’ .... likum stor’

ver’ much .... goo’ min’Iess our—

 Subsection the second (B) entitled THE
WOMAN FROM ALTAIR, by one Leigh Brack-
ett Hamilton.

    (1)	mind blank

     (2)	guessed gimmik when Buck tried to kill Bet.

     Subsection C

    Sub-subsection ONE: entitled THE ULTI-
  MATE ENGINE, by Carter Sprague

    (1)	Sprague.....hmmmm. penname of deCamp's

  ...no____

     (2)	typical Sprague ESP story, slightly (maybe
  more) flat

    Sub-subsection TWO: entitled WITCH WAR,
  by Dickie Matheson

    (1)—here’s	where I don’t sleep tonight , , ,
  Matheson. thought Lovecraft Horrible.....

    (2)	aahhhhhhhh.. .terrif.....smelled the Brad-
  bury style six miles, two-thousand six hundred
  eighty five and one half feet and thirteen belies
  away.....goo’ id’

    Now to the letter column. TEV well packed and
  well-rounded this month. Good material to start
  a fight over.

    To fans commenting on law of gravity in con-
  nection with the Bergey cover of the March num-
  ber......Flash bulliten from Interplanetary Physi-
  cal Congres—the Law of Gravity has just been
  repealed .... plop II (the gown just fell off the
  cover girl . . . hmmmm . . .)

    Concerning your editorial ... on the new (?)
  mediums that stf is being reproduced in. Let's
  take the movies first.

     There is a new monstrosity out that goes under
  the name of ‘‘The Thing". As has been reported
  before (in the pages of several of the competitors)
  it is derived from “Who Goes There?" by Johnny
  Campbell (who mentioned that name here?). All
  and well BUT .... the plot remains ... at least
  basically . . . the same. The Air Force at the
  North Pole discovers a huge flying typewriter
  disk ... I mean flying saucer . . . imbedded in
  the ice in the aforementioned region. Upon investi-
  gation, an intelligent vegetable is discovered. This
  glob of gook .... to the ghost of Shaw, if he be
  peering over my shoulder, no harm meant by the
  term “glob of gook” to denote a vegetable ....
  is possessed with a palate for blood. Ahahaaha(?)
  the plot thickens—the nearest and most easily avail-
  able source of blood is dear old Homo sap. The
  world is endangered (so says the blurbs on the
  posters).

    The critics gave the picture a pretty good
  rating, but there was something in there (the
  reviews) that indicated to me that something-
  stmks-in-Norway-tonight-that-isn’t-codfish. Most
  reviews contained a statement that ran something
  like the following—“the S.F. boys have managed
  to turn out a pretty good picce of wierd horror.”
  What gives wit’ dese here characters? By Camp-
  bell's own admission, the story, as were all of the
  Don A. Stuart stories, was written to portray the
  reaction of humans to a given situation, not as a
  piece of horror.

    That seems to be the main drawback of all of

  Hollywood's stf----the pictures are either corny

  space opera...BEM FEM AND HERO----weird

  horror (stupid at that) ... or worse.

    Some of Bradbury's stuff would be terrific on
  the screen, but where in all creation is a group of
  actors that can portray some of his character*?.
  While we’re on Bradbury, there is the matter of
  Comrade Pomerantz's statement Ray’s stories are,
  134
in many cases, not stf in the strict sense of the
word.

  Then there is the current argument about the
state that Man should develop into; i.e. the so-called
pure logic as exemplified by van Vogt', and the
"complete” man that is supposedly supported by
Bradbury. My opinion is that somebody is making
a mountain out of ye olde proverbial molehill. Van
Vogt’s philosophy (I giiess you can call it that)
does NOT do away with emotions. On the con-
trary .... the Null-A theory produces emotion
plus, not emotion nill.....the routing of the im-
pulse through the cortex, and the thought there-
after is not devoid of emotion .... it enriches it
(emotion).

  Bradbury’s stories about the burning of fantasy
does bring out something—no totalitarian state
would allow fantasy to exist. Fantasy involves free
imaginative thinking which a totalitarian state
most certainly does not want. Some people get the
impression from his work that science would de-
stroy fantasy. I think that this premise is wrong.
Scientific advance involves imaginative thinking,
so why destroy a medium that stimulates it?

 Have you read “THE MIND OF SAMUEL
MERWIN”, by W. A. Willis in the latest (Apr-
May) EXPLORER ... on sale nowten zentz a
copy (plug) Hail the ISFCC.

  Who do dat cover?

  Zee you nexzt month, Zammy.—873 E. 181st St.,
New York 60, N. Y.

  No kidding? You don’t know who Carter
Sprague is? Tell him, men.

FAINT PRAISE

by Bob Hoskins, ISFCC

Dear Sam:

  The cover on the latest SS is not so hot. Would
be more fitting seen on a copy of Scintillating
Stories of Impossible Adventures on Other Planets.
But it is a thousand percent better than those
things you have been featuring up till the new era
of a few months ago. I presume it is by Bergey,
though I cannot discern his signature.

  “The Woman From Altair” is by far the best
story in this particular issue, although I haven’t
as yet completed the novel. The shorts were rather
weak, with Matheson being the leader. Your alter
ego has turned out a story that has not been
equaled for pure hack in many a year, with the
exception of that crud to be found in a recent
semi-comic book which now, thank God, seems
to be defunct. I have just one old and oft voiced
question: Wha’ hoppen?

  Who is Alex Schomburg? His illustrations are
among the best of any artist ever to have seen
print in any of your mags, which includes Virgil
Finlay. I like muchly. His stuff enhances a story,
making it more enjoyable to me as a reader. I
hope he is a permanent addition to the Thrilling
Pub art staff.

  I hope you peruse closely the article by Walter
Willis of “Slant” fame, giving us impressions on
you. ’Tis in the EXPLORER, April issue. Would
be interested in hearing of your personal reactions
to this.

[Turn page]

13S

 When filter tums^
 brown—in Medico
 Pipes or Cigarette Holders—throw it
 away, with the nicotine, juices, flakes
 and tars it has trapped. Insert fresh
 filter for cooler, cleaner, dryer.
 sweeter smoking. Imported Briar.

 New-. MEDICO CREST-$3.00

 Finest Medico everl Exquisite Burgundy finish.

      MEDICO V.F.Q. — $2.00
          MEDICO MEDALIST—$1.50

         Wide variety of »tyle» and ilxei.

 Write $. M. Frank S Co., N. V., for Booklet T

MEDICO CIGARETTE HOLDERS—$1

_	EVERYTHING IN

fLEATHERCRAFT

W Qo* He*fUuteM - Q<vi Pw^eiitemoU
           Qo* rfthmttced JfihltiUU

w

America’s Most Complete Stock
of Kits, Leathers, Tools, Supplies

It will pay yon to get acquainted now with
larson Leathercraft. Ea3y-to-Assemble
kits for beginners require no tool* or
experience tomake belt?, billfolds,purses,
gloves, woolskin animals, etc. Complete
stock of moderate-priced tooling leathers,
top-quality calfskins, tools, supplies for
advanced hobbyists and leatherworkers.
Send 10c Today for new 24-page catalog.
J. C. LARSON CO„ 820 So. Tripp Ave.
Dept, 1923	CHICAGO 24, ILLINOIS
   Referring to your editorial, I believe that it could
be “proved ’—or what passes for “proof"—that stf
or stfantasy goes all the way back to the earliest
day* of cavemen. The first story tetters grouped
around campfires would certainly be classified as
the best fantasy writers now in business, for out
of their tortured minds came the folklore and
superstitions of their whole races. And these fitted
the basic needs of these peoples, for if they had
nothing to be afraid of, it is almost certain that
they would never have developed protective devices
such as fire, the bow and arrow, wheels for speedier
flight (I think this was the real purpose of wheels
as originally intended) and everything else which is
the foundation of our present civilization. Perhaps
I had better say "makes up” the foundation, for it
in itself is not the whole.

  TEV was up to its usual high quality this time.
Alfred W. Purdy was good in his lead-off spot
with the Coles and Joe Gibson being up in the
foreground, as are they always.

  With which, I take my leave until tomorrow nite,
when I intend to write re: FSM.—Lyons Falls,
New York.

  If it’s Schomburg you want, Bob, I trust you
have already seen the October TWS which has
a Schomburg cover that is really something, no?
Also in that October issue you should have seen
your answer to the Willis-Merwin affair about
which you express curiosity. If you missed it,
perish forbid, grab a copy quick and see THE

FRYING PAN.

ONE MAN'S FAMILY

by Jimmy Sims

Dear Editor:

  I have just finished the July issue of Startling
Stories and enjoyed it a good deal. It was not up
to par in my opinion though. The best story was
Leigh Brackett’s THE WOMAN FROM AL-
TAIR. THE DARK TOWER was also an ex-
cellent novel but both short stories didn’t please
or interest me in the least. Of your recent featured
novels the best was STARMEN OF LLYRDIS.

  If you don’t watch out you are going to lose
your spot as the best book of science fiction to
Thrilling Wonder Stories. With such stories as
OVERLORDS OF MAXUS, I THE UN-MOR-
TAL, NEW BODIES FOR OLD, THE NEW
REALITY, and THE CITADEL OF LOST
AGES.

  It is interesting to watch how different authors
take over the leadership in the science fiction field
for different periods of time. When I first started
reading this type of story the leader was Edmond
Hamilton with his Captain Future stories and
STAR OF LIFE. He was soon replaced by Henry
Kuttner with such classics as THE DARK
WORLD, VALLEY OF THE FLAME and THE
TIME AXIS. Now it is Leigh Brackett with her
stories of the future. Mrs. Hamilton had done
well for Startling Stories but better for Thrilling
Wonder with such fine novels as THE SEA
KINGS OF MARS. Her best hero though is Eric
John Stark in his series in another magazine.

    Who dares say that Hamilton and Startling
  should let old Cap Future die? He has earned
  a place in my heart and I am sure in the hearts of
  many others that 110 upstart hero will ever replace.
  Let him take a vacation but PLEASE don't let him
  die.

     Despite the criticism I still like Startling best.—
  Troy, Alabama.

    We're not denying that there have been some
  excellent Captain Future stories—would we be
  likely? But on the whole we had the feeling
  that Captain Future belonged to a somewhat
  earlier era of science-fiction. We could be
  wrong, of course; if the small voices in the
  wilderness which want him back should rise to
  a mighty storm we would have to admit we
  were wrong.

 WHERE EVERY PROSPECT PLEASES

  by Edward G. Seibel

  Dear Editor:

    I was quite pleasantly surprised yesterday when
  Mom brought home the latest STARTLING,
  first by the cover and then by your kind compliance
  with my request.

    When Mom brought the book in, she as usual
  left it in my bedroom. I came home a while after
  that and upon entering my bedroom, found my
  eyes drawn immediately to the middle of the bed
  where reposed the most beautiful cover on your
  magazine I have ever seen. For the next ten
  minutes I sat on the edge of the bed, holding that
  wonderful Bergey cover in reverent hands, admir-
  ing, admiring. . . .

    At the end of ten minutes I wrenched my gaze
  from the cover and opening the book, began to
  faithfully read your editorial. Perhaps admittedly,
  I don't agree 011 a few points in each of your
  editorials (who ever agrees completely with an-
  other person?) but I always find them either in-
  formative or thought-provoking or both.

    Finishing your editorial I began to browse
  through the letter section. Halfway through I hap-
  pened to remember a letter in another issue written
  to you by a fan who said twelve was normal men-
  tality, etc., which recalled to me the Stanford
  achievement tests they gave in each grade in gram-
  mar school just as each school year had begun.

     I hesitate to say it for fear of appearing foolish
  but at the beginning of the sixth grade I made
  (I think) 8.9 or 8.1 (I only caught a glimpse of
  the record sheet) after which they promptly moved
  me to the seventh grade and would have put me
  in the eighth except for Mom’s violent objections.

    Ever since that time I have been curious about
  how they rated those tests, but no one would ever
  tell me, Your fan’s letter revived that old memory
  and that still unsatisfied curiosity. Could you by
  any chance tell me how they rate those tests?

     Finally I reached the last page of the letter sec-
  tion where I was most pleasantly surprised by
  seeing my letter in print and your answer below
  it—boy! You don’t know how shortly I did find
  out. The moment I finished reading your reply and
  having not yet moved a muscle, Dad walked into
  13G
 the room and dropped the card in front of me from
 the Fantasy Press, which informed me where to
 send and how much for each book. That's what
 I call service!

   Before I detail the stories in the issue, I wish
 to set your mind at ease by saying I shall not
 come at you with the face of a cerastes and swish-
 ing my cestus in your direction. Namely, I shall
 try not to be curmudgeonish.

   First, the novel was of a sufficient length to
 deserve the term. It was a forceful, attention-
 drawing, well-woven story with very credible
 people. It is definitely not space opera. Only a fool
 would say that.

   In her novelet. Miss Brackett certainly outdid
 herself. It held my attention all the way with
 frightening realism.

   Sprague’s short story was entertaining. That's
 all I demand of a story.

  After reading WITCH WAR I walked warily
 around young females.

   If you keep the standards of your stories as high
 as this issue’s was, that cestus will never be swung.

   Glancing through your review of fan publica-
 tions, I was moved to gales of laughter by the
 Coles’ "ghastly" title. Great Galaxy!—P.O. Box
 445, Oliverhurst, Cal.

   The only way to walk around young females
 is warily, Ed. Haven’t you discovered that yet?
 I am glad to hear you are a genius, it makes me
 feel better about the kind of magazine we put
 out. I don't know much about the Stanford tests
 except that the kids are getting them in gram-
 mar school. The only test I ever took was the
 regular army Alpha test which was given to
 the class as a gag by my psychology instructor
 up at Columbia. The test was supposed to take
 four hours, I think, and he generously gave us
 30 minutes. I remember finishing all the ques-
 tions, but nobody ever rated it, so I never did
 find out whether or not I was a genius. Why
 don’t you go to the library and get yourself a
 book?

WE PASS

by Johnny Wosso

Dear Editor,

A statement made by Alfred W. Purdy in the
July TEV puzzles me. I enjoy "Captain Future”
and Ray Bradbury equally well. (And popular music
pleases my esthetic sense as fully as classical
music.) Am I then a moronic intellectual or an
intellectual moron?

P.S. to Editor: Too bad you didn’t print my
letter of March 6th, Mr. Purdy would find it very
interesting!—119 Jackson Ave., Pen Argyl, Pa.

Of the two choices you give us, it is hard to
say which is worse. Of course your letter was
addressed to Merwin and he would undoubtedly

[Turn page]

 FREE 10-DAY TRIAL

What o bargain! These
are surplus stock from a
big supply firm. Sturdy,
serviceable work shirts,
though used, have been
washed, sterilized and
reconditioned. Every

 S2& MaWun.‘ 3 FOR 2.29

 tan. white. Strongly sewn: relnforcod
 stitching at points of strain. Money back
 guarantee with every order!

 WORK PANTS TO MATCH....99c

 Blue, Tan, White. Measure waist; leg.

 COVERALLS......1.95 0 for 5.49)

 Blue, Tan. White. Send chest measure.-

 WHITE SH0PC0ATS, 1.79 O for s.oo)

Send chest measure.

SEND NO MONEY! Si^Z'

 or town, site and color choice, (also
 state‘2nd color choice i. Pay postman

 Blus postage. Or. send Cash. Check, or
 loney Order and we ship prepaid. Keep

 10 days. Return for full refund of pur-
 chase price if not fully satisfied. Order
 TODAY at Our Risk!

                             2-K

YOUNG PRODUCTS

 2605 ELMHURST • DETROIT 6, MICH

/iiAKE EXTRA MONEY ^

 , EVERY BUSINESS EVERYWHERE
 USES UNION LABEL BOOK MATCHES

   No experience needed to earn big d»ily commissions.
   Be a direct factory representative of the world’s largest
   exclusive UNION LABEL Book Match manufacturer.
   Prospects everywhere. Feature
   Glamour Girls. Hillbillies.	ili/imi'i,

 ecenics and dosens of other	'mwil

  styles — Doable Books —Jumbo
  Books — nearly 100 color combi-
  nations. New, bigger portfolio
  makes this fastest selling line
  a real profit maker for you.

  Write TODAY for full details.

SUPERIOR MATCH CO.

 ___ Oeot R-II5S, 7528 S. Greenwood Ave., Chicago 19. Illinois
 iJV West Coast Salesmen, write Box 1087, San Jose, Calif.

No Selling...No Demonstrating...
...No Collecting...No Investment

 And yet, our men earn up to $200 per week listing past due
 accounts of retailers, doctors, schools and merchants of all
 kinds.

 Our collection service is welcomed and needed by every
 business extending consumer credit.

 Vour only duty is to list the name, address, amount and
 date of last charge of debtors on which your clients are
 ready to (jive up. The rest is up to us.

 You will be dealing exclusively with the more substantial
 citizens of each community.

 If you can make an impression sufficiently dignified to

 cause prospective clicnts to permit your inspection and dis-
 cussion of their accounts, this is your opportunity t<
 some of the biggest money of your life. No experience

 irtunity to earn
 necei•

_____ big.

 sary. Work lull or Dari lime.

Men from age* 30-70 preferred. Must be free to travel.
Write or wire today.

 President, METROPOLITAN FINANCE CORPORATION
 1129 W. 41 ST St., Dept. TH011, Kansas City 2, Mo.
agree with you about the popular music. I
wouldn’t. I have met people who claimed to
like both classical music and the noisiest kind
of popular both. But so far as I am conccrned,
this is only a claim. The enjoyment of noise so
far as I am concerned rules out any real under-
standing or appreciation of good music. To the
foxholes, men, helmets and gasmasks for every-
one!

LONELY HEARTS CLUB

by Earl Downey

Dear Editor:

I have 3 reasons for writing this letter, it wont
be a long letter as I am in a hurry right now.

1. First reason is to tell you how much I liked
your stories in the July issue SO here goes......

1.	THE WOMAN FROM ALT AIR... .this
was a superb storie hope to see more like it soon.

2.	THE DARK TOWER.....this storie ran a

close race with Brackett’s tile.

The shorts were good so I will go on to my
other subjects.

2. I would like to correspond with someone, any-
body, around here there just aren't any SF readers.

So somebody PLEASE drop me a line or six even
seven.

  3	My last but not least reason for writing is
to ask just how to go about getting a storie on
to your hallowed desk, huh?

  Oh, by the way I think (?) I read in TEV that
some of your readers don’t like humor(????) in
the reader section. Well, the inoon devils are
hopping over my typewriter. So, after guzzling
a gallon of Jupcternian (oof) Joy Juice, I jump
somwhat giddily onto my Gloopzer (they are back
in style, you know) and gallop back into the space
hole from which I came. Happily blasting all the
pink and purple time machines I see.—Route 2.
Gadsden. Ala.

  Look, Earl, anybody is welcome to drop a
story or a cash contribution on this hallowed
desk, but you’d better clean up that spelling a
little bit. And as for Jupiternian Joy Juice—
brother, haven’t you heard what happened to
Sergeant Saturn and his jug of Xeno? If any
of you still want to write to him, I wash my
hands of the whole affair.

  See you all in a couple of months.

—THE EDITOR

Duruy was a scientist and the
girl an enemy agent, but
out of their treachery
was born a shining cosmic light
iii

ASYLUM SATELLITE

A Novelet of the First Space Station

By Fletcher Pratt

Featured in the October

THRILLIAG WONDER STORIES

NOW ON SALE—25c AT ALL STANDS!	GET YOUR COPY TODAY!
(S3&.

smokers
CATALOG

REVIEW or THE
CURRENT

SCIENCE

 FICTION

FAN PUBLICATIONS

THE thing we like best about the fanzines
is the near-complete lack of inhibitions
required. A prozine editor can only wist-
fully regard such freedom of expression, with
his own libel problems riding his neck. Such
freedom, of course, places the burden of good
taste on the fan editor, not to mention good

judgment. One of the things which happens to
a fan is that he becomes a specialist and speciali-
zation often leads to splinter groups and splin-
ters sometimes spend more time assailing each
other than toiling for the uplifting of the world.

  The results, however, are often hilarious, as
witness this tidbit culled from ORGASM:

BRADOUKYANA

What do you think of Bradbury? Do you think he U
the jrratcst stf writer o( our time*? My idea of a
typical Bradbury yarn is this; a group of earthmen laud
on Mars and go around knocking down fragile buildings
and throwing beer caus about. When they get ready to
leave, they find that the Martians have sold their space
ship for scrap. "This is it." says Joe. ‘‘Yes. it U," says
Bill. "I’m getting out of here." says Heminingway.

—Calr

  Honors for make-up and appearance this
month are shared between ORB and WASTE-
BASKET, both of which featured covers, print-
ing, halftones and whatnot. ORB even had a
gatefold picture a la ESQUIRE, but not with
ESQUIRE’s choice of subject. It was a gold
ink impressionist job on a black background.
Editor Bob Johnson is flirting simultaneously

[Turn page]

rKnfc oriar Bob ripe otnokers
Catalog ... amazing buys in cus-
tom pipes, tobacco, smokers' items.
Honest values. For Free catalog
write "Briar Bob," Edgemonr
Smoke Shop, Box 333-B, Allen-
hurst. New Jersey.

Free for Asthma

If you suffer with attacks of Asthma and choke and gasp

for breath, If restful sleep is difficult because of tho struggle
to breathe, don't fall to send at once to the Frontier Asthma
Company for a FREE trial of the FRONTIER ASTHMA
MEDICINE, a preparation for temporary symptomatic re-
lief of paroxysms of Bronchial Asthma. No matter where you
lire or whether you have faith In any medicine ucdor the sun,
send today for this free trial. It will cost you nothing.

Frontier Asthma Co.
462 Niagara St.

 222-J Frontier Bldq.
 Buffalo 1, N, Y.

Learn Profitable Profession
in QO days at Home

 MEN AND WOMEN, IS TO 60. Many Swedish
 Massag* traduates Disks bl* money I Ureo full time
 Incomes from doctors, hospitals, ssnstonums, club* or
 private practice. Oliors mate good money in
 ■pare time. Proy-aro for tutuie security by train.
 In* at boms and qualifying for Diploma. Anatomy
 cnarta and 31-page Illustrated Book FitEEl
 The College of Swedish Massage
 Dept. 163P 41 E. Pearson, Chicago II

                   Quid relief with pent'i. Use Dent'i Too* Gum
 or Dont'i Tooth Drop! for covlty tooitiodies.
 Die Deri's Dento' Pouliice for pain or sore-
 vSlnce If IIn rn> ln Bvn> or teefh. Al all drug stores.

 TOOTH GUM
 TOOTH DROPS-
 DENTAL POUITICE

DENT’S

Be a DETECTIVE

 A CHALLENGE FROM WASHINGTON D.C.!

blf money.
•I0N8 CAPT*

U.S.

Help Slop Crime! Train at home. Earn _

Amaslng training course from the NATIO
TOL (center of law enforcement) by former
GOVT. AGENT and NAVAL INTELLIGENCE Omcer
expose* actual methods used by Criminals. Write for
FREE BOOK. State a*e.

INTERNATIONAL DETECTIVE TRAINING SCHOOL

1701 Monroe SI., N.E. Dept. 1911 Washington 18, 0. C.

OLD LEG SORES

                    > ose viscose Application. Heals many old
                    •a cursed by U*C coagenlon. varicose veins,
                    sn leu* and Injuries or no co*t for trial If It
                    fails to ahow results in 10 days. Describe your
                    trouble and gel a FREE BOOK.

           r. G. VISCOSE COMPANY
           140 N. Dearborn St. Chleogo j IH.

INVENTORS

“\ Lo sib bow to protect your Intention. Specially prepared
"Patait Quids” containing detailed Information coowrnlns

I patent protooUon and procedure with "Becord of Invention”
form will bo forwarded toyou upon request—wllbwitobllgatlon.
CLARENCE A. O'BRIEN A HARVEY JACOBSON
Registered Potent AHoroey*

1S-K District National fMdg. Washington «, D. C

131
with bankruptcy and the temptation to go pro-
fessional. He promises the next issue of ORB,
the NOLACON issue, will have a full color
cover by Freas, and interior illustrations by
Freas, Bok and others. Snazzy.

  The present ish was neatly multilithed, with
plenty of line drawings and some halftones
from movie stills in the back. No address is on
the present issue, but our old one reads Box
941, Greeley, Colorado. The price is 20c a copy.

 WASTEBASKET, Vol. 1, No. 2, comes up
with covers of Kromekote, so shiny and thick
and strong that this editor had to call in help to
bend it. Interiors were printed throughout and
despite Editor Vernon McCain’s moans about
misalignment and amateur printers, the result,
in two colors, is quite impressive. Insides con-
tain one fiction (?) story, some fan gossip and
a lot of kidding. WASTEBASKET is published
now and then by Vernon L. McCain at 146 East
12th Avenue, Eugene, Oregon. It is sent free
upon request, but no permanent mailing list is
kept, you must repeat your request for each
new copy.

  Until we get into the swing of the thing, we
are going to suspend Sam Merwin’s method of
rewarding the ten best with his personal notice,
letting the rest trail behind. We’d like to see
a few issues of each ’zine first—we may decide
not to set up an honor roll at all.

T1TAN1A, official publication of the Queens
Science Fiction League. Director, Will Sykora.
Single copies 25c. One year (four issues), $1.00.
The cover said Spring, 1951, the contents page
Spring 1950. In addition to fan material, there
were articles by Oscar Friend (ex-editor of TWS
and SS, now guiding Otis Kline Literary Agency)
and Murray Leinster, verse by Gark Ashton
Smith and Frank Belknap Long and an inter-
view with John Campbell Jr. Altogether a more
sober effort than some of the ribald numbers.

ADOZINE, 2058 E. Atlantic St., Philadelphia,
Pa. Published bi-monthly, 5c a copy. Ads offer-
ing books, magazines etc., with space available
for those wishing to place same. It’s a hep little
number, pocket-sized, 4 inches by 6.

SCIENCE FICTION NEWS LETTER, Box 260,
Bloomington, 111., Editor Bob Tucker, 15c a copy,
seven issues for $1, Neatly lithoed, this is a
crisp and professional job, with some of the best
little spot cuts we have seen and with a coverage
of books, magazines, films, stories, writers and
everything else pertaining to science-fiction and
its addicts. Art work by William Rotsler.

SEETEE, published by Tellurian Science Fic-
tioneers, 3046 Jackson St., San Francisco 15, Cal.
Single copies 10c. Another pocket-sized job,
William D. Knapheide editing. Number 4 con-
tained the conclusion of a long listing of cities

visited by Captain Future (flattery) and Number
5 a listing of stf poetry and some lusty whacks
at the last issue of WONDER ANNUAL. A
lively number.

S-F NEWSSCOPE, published monthly by Fan-
domain Press, 43 Tremont, Malden, 48, Mass.
Simple mimeo job of news items. Editor Pub-
lisher Lawrence Campbell. Its continuance seems
a matter of some doubt.

WORLDS APART, published irregularly by
Stone Age Press at 3401 6th Avenue, Columbus,
Georgia. 10c a copy, editor J. T. Oliver. Fiction,
poetry, satire and even a story contest.

ETAOIN SHRDLU published by MidManhattan
Science Fiction Society announces its demise
with the Spring-Summer ish of 1951. All in-
quiries will be handled by Stephen Taller, 40
West 77th Street, New York 24, N.Y.

FAN-VET, a side-line of Taurasi’s, “published in
the interests of the Fantasy Fan in the U.S.
Armed Forces.” Are fans in the army different,
Jimmy?

THE BOOK BULLETIN, edited and published
bi-monthly by Bobby Pope. SW Hill and Han-
over Streets, Charleston, S.C. One cent a copy,
six for a nickel. This is the first issue and it
announces its purpose of arousing interest in stf
in pocketbook form on the grounds that damned
few fans have three or four bucks for a hard-
cover book. Tsk, tsk. Reviews books and fan-
zines. Four pages.

OPERATION FANTAST. Boiled down British
job, lithoed in miniature. Accepts advertising,
40c an inch or $420 a full page. Said page is 3ZA
by 5]4- Stf news, condensed in a way to teach
a TIME editor a thing or two. We couldn't make
anything out of the address, but if you can, here
it is: Capt. K. F. Slater, 13 Gp. R.P.C., B.A.O.R.
15. Get it?

COSMAG published bi-monthly by Atlanta
Science-Fiction Organization, Ian T. Macauley,
editor, 10 cents a copy, six for 50c. Stories, ar-
ticles, cartoons, whimsy and whamsy and a wist-
ful plea to let’s stop talking about Dianetics.

BEWARE edited and published by Ken.Beale,
115 East Mosholu Parkway, Bronx, 67, New
York. 10c a copy, four issues (one y.ear) 35c.
By which reasoning editor Beale deduces that
this must be a quarterly—in theory at least. Sells
ads too and warns that “This is a Pickled Pixie
Publication.” That should tell you the wbrst.
Example: an ad (?) for a fanzine printed en-
tirely in Lower Slobbovian. Li’l Abner, where
are you7

FAN VARIETY, edited by Bill Venable and W.
Max Keasler at 420 South 11th Street, Poplar
Bluff, Mo. Some art work by Rotsler who also
did a cover for BEWARE, above. FAN VA-
RIETY is loaded with entrancing stuff. The May
number started with something titled HOW TO
DRIVE TUCKER AND TAURASI OUT OF
•BUSINESS and included a treatise in DE-
FENSE OF THE BELLY BUTTON.

THE BURROUGHS BULLETIN, published by
Vcrn Coriell, Box 652, Pekin, Illinois. For en-
thusiasts of Tarzan, which is only remotely stf,
and the interplanetary novels of Edgar Rice Bur-
roughs. Pretty complete job on a one-note theme.

ROCKETS, The Magazine of Space Flight, pub-
lished quarterly at 524 Forest Avenue, Glen
Ellyn, IB., editor and publisher, R. L. Farnsworth.
Five page mimeographed deal which picks up
every possible gleaning of news about rocket
experimentation, books and industrial news about
same. Interested in the science rather than the
fiction.

THE IMAGINATIVE COLLECTOR combined
with DAWN, edited by Russe! K. Watkins. 203
East Wampum Ave., Louisville, 9. Kentucky. Bi-
monthly, I5c a copy, 2 for a quarter. Dr. Keller
does a book collector's column and Ken Beale is
in with a general column of gab about things
and people in stf. Editor Watkins is conducting
a campaign to clean up Fandom, meaning let’s
cut out the dirty words and pornography. What
pornography?

   Well, there you are. More come in every day
and we’ll have a brand new bunch, survivors,
new arrivals and all, in our next.

—The Editor.

Read America's Most Entertaining
Picture Magazine!

CARBURETOR TOO RICH

  MAKES MOTORIST TOO POOR

omm who an wuting money and not i
proper B*a miloeBO &» to orer-rtch a
wilTbe plauwd to learn bow to rave I—.™,
br ViCO-MATINOoTO-lk-h mixtures. VACO-
MAT1C flu all can. truck, and traders. It la
tuttnaiit and	on too superebuga

 principle. Eaaily tn»taU«d in a few miaotea.

SALESMEN WANTED! a? Proa*

Send numo, addre** on penny poatcard torfrn

_ fartie»/ar» am! how to get yosra lor Introducing.

VACU-MATIO CO., 7617.1783 W. State St., WAUWATOSA, W1S.

STUDY AT HOME for Business
Success and LARGER PERSONAL
EARNINGS. 42 years expert instruc-
tion — over 114,000 students en-
rolled. LL.B. Degree awarded. All
text material furnished. Easy pay-
ment plan. Send for FREE BOOK.
AMERICAN EXTENSION SCHOOL OF LAW

Dept. T-44 646 N. Michigan Avenue. Chicopo 11, IIBnoi>

           Packed with Fascinating
           Photos and Features!

•

Now on Sale—Only 15c at All Stands!

141

RUPTURE

RELIEF...OR YOUR MONEY MCJt

Simple, easy to wear trus*
made by ola surgical house.
You risk nothing. Write for
free booklet Don’t delay.

   >l» TBU5S CO. Dept. TF-11 Hagwstws.Hi

S“K£BS P 5 □ RIA 51S

 SCALY SKIN TROUBLE *

 Don’t mistake ecreros
 Cor the stubborn ugly,
 embarrassing scaly skin
 disease Psoriasis. Apply
 non-staining Dermotl.

 Thousands do for scaly
 spots on body or scalp. 1
 Grateful users, often after .
 yam of suffering, report
 the scsios have cone. the
 red patches gradually disappeared
 .....Till of s clear sh

 Prove It youzseU l.
 bow long you have «uflered
 dt what you have tried.
 Beautiful book on psoria-
 sis and Dermoil with
 amazing, true photo-

Prove It yourself no matter ■

                         I
                         I

                         I

pr«

 it yourself. Results may surprise you. Write today for jour
 to.t hottle. Caution: Use onlr ss directed. Print name ■
 plainly. Don’t delay. Sold by Uggett sod Wslgreen On -
 Stores and other leading D'uoo sta. LAKC LASORATORlC

 SEND FO»

 GENEROUS
 TRIAL
 SIZE

 again. Oermoll

they enjoyed tho thrill of a clear skin again,
is used byroan ^drctors andu backed by a positive

 .......I_______benefit la 2 weeks or monty Is re-
 funded without question. Sand 10c (sumps or coin) for sec*
 erou* trial bottle to make our famous"Oss Spot Test”.Test
 •If. Results may surprlio you. Write today for your

moot to ffive

wit ho<

 . 450, Detroit 87,

m Free Yourself

         FROM

   Tobacco Habit

          If you want to stop smoking and just can’t,
          try world-famous no-to-bac Lozenges. See
          how quickly no-to-bac may help stop your
          craving for tobacco. Don’t wait! Rush $1 to
          no-to-bac, for 7 days supply. If you can quit
          for 7 days, you've won half the battle. Satis-
          faction guaranteed or money bade. Write;

NO-TO-BAC CO.

          DEPT. S, HEWLETT, NEW YORK
SCIENCE FICTION

Bookshelf

 REVIEWS OF NEW BOOKS

ROCKETS, MISSILES and SPACE TRAVEL by Willy Ley,
The Viking Press, New York, $5.95.

EACH ISSUE of this monumental work be-
comes more imposing and for those who
are interested in the whys and'wherefors of
science-fiction it provides an indispenable back-
ground.

  The first issue of ROCKETS appeared
in 1944 and each new edition saw enlargements
and additions.

  The complete record of man’s yearning to
reach the stars is here, from the earliest fum-
bling experiments in the Dark Ages of science
to the present.

  The ancients dreamed of flying to other
planets, but the dream was only a dream despite
the fact that the rocket had been in existence
probably since 3000 B.C. However, toy rockets
fired by celebrating Chinese are a very far cry
from interplanetary rockets carrying a pay load.
Rockets for war purposes are mentioned back
in 1258 and an Italian historian named Mura-
tori gives credit to a rocket for victory in the
battle for the Isle of Chiozza in 1379. But the
rocket declined and won little interest until the
Nazis brought it back as a weapon in World
War II. And it was their development of the
V-l and V-2 which led ultimately to White
Sands and our own government’s interest in
rocket propulsion. As so often unfortunately
happens, it takes a war to spur the development
of a device which might otherwise lie idle for
centuries.

  So begins the era of the space ship and with
it conies the most fascinating section of Mr.
Ley’s book. The seriousness with which the
problems of building and navigating a space
ship are discussed, the problems of lunar bases,
the charts and graphs and tables and equations
worked out to solve problems are astonishing.
They would have been considered sheer in-
sanity a few years ago. But today they seem
quite real.

  A profusion of illustrations explain many of
the more technical aspects, or merely lend ex-
citement, as in some of the stills from the

Chesley Bonestell painting for DESTINA-
TION MOON, one of which graces the cover.

ROGUE QUEEN by L. Sprague de Camp, Doubleday &
Company, Inc., Carden City, N. Y. $2.75.

  Sprague de Camp has a growing list of gentle
satires to his credit and ROGUE QUEEN is
another in the same vein. The story is relative-
ly unimportant, it is there only as a vehicle for
the author to ride in while he pokes fun at
humans and their frailties, or for that matter,
bees and their frailties. A good satirist is com-
pletely democratic in his choice of victims and
spares none worthy of his attention.

  ROGUE QUEEN unwinds on a mythical
planet populated by colonies of humanoid mam-
mals who function like bees. There is a queen
who lays eggs, drones whose sole task in life is
to fertilize her and female workers whose lives
are uninspired by sex. A space ship from earth
landing here provides the yeast for a frothy
ferment, during which one of the female workers
absorbs enough revolutionary ideas to make
serious inroads upon the culture of her people.
All of which provides plenty of opportunity for
spoofing.

  There is some question in our minds as to
whether this is science-fiction in the usual sense.
It could be argued that it is certainly as much
science-fiction as GULLIVER’S TRAVELS
and that would be true. But it is a relative
term. Science-fiction has evolved since Swift's
day, just as the detective story has evolved
since Poe’s day. And with increasing familiar-
ity, the reader instinctively moves in the direc-
tion of the more advanced, more sophisticated
ideas. Yet for general book sale, there is no
question but that these books are better adapted
than some of the highly specialized stories in
the magazines which would floor a beginning
reader.

BEYOND INFINITY by Robert Spencer Carr, Fantasy
Press, Reading, Pa. $2.75.

Let it be said at the outset, with hosannas,
that Mr. Carr is a miter. If you have been

142
tiff"?

Ysch.^*'*

Many Finish in 2 Years

Go as rapidly as your time wd abilities permit. Course
equivalent to resiaentBdiool work —prepares for college

desired. Hteh school oducftttoQ ia rerr Important for advancement
m buiiness and Indosbr and aocfailly. Iton't be handicapped all
i^r We. Bo a a»h School graduate. Start your tmlnine now.
Free Bnlletln c» rwroeet. No obl'Mtlon.

■AMERICtK SCHOOL, Dept. H-858, Ore tel at 58th, CMrag#3T

Banisb the craving lot tobacco as Ihouumlt
tavs with Tobacco Metro. WnWlwlrMto*
let letting ol injurious eltect ot totwcco sn4
of a trealiwni «bich hai ietieved many man

In Business Since 1903 Icdcc
3C9.089 Satisfied Castomen Bqq^
THE HEWEU COMPANY I
163 Claytoa Sta.i tt. Lout* B, *s.

 Ne»!,i u

 ml 0MAr...iN a Jirrrt

  8TA0C *o>ki font «avt. Ovarcomts Alcobofc D»w*v
  **■ Abwrt* Cm •(* Toxrta, PM-*« fcurk-
  Ryp*r*cMlty. Mam Doctor!' tut« prw»STAl>£
  h uf«. iIh«m «od conUii» no Imti.n Sold o»
  »MT BiiK CviraittH. At your flu Iff ©i M&d tote?.

 UNITED PHARMACAl PRODUCTS. IOC.

 Dont TF-X1. 2OS W. Harrison. Chicago »
 Canada! 169 Beasborougfc,Toronto IT. Oat.

BE A DETECTIVE

WORK HOME or TRAVEL. Experience unnecessary.

DETECTIVE Particulars FREE. Write
CEO. T. H. WAGNER, 125 W. 86th St., N. Y.

Hish School Course

at Home

BEST CROSSWORD PUZZLES
VARIETY CROSSWORD PUZZLES

and

POPULAR CROSSWORD PUZZLES

ON SALE AT ALL NEWSSTANDS!

BE GUIDED BY THE STARS

☆

YOUR DAILY HOROSCOPE

in Every Issue of

EVERYDAY ASTROLOGY

☆

NOV ON SALE - 25c PER COPY

irkkkkkk kkkkkkkk'kk+ick-kk*k-kk'kkk***

making excuses for the crudities of some stf
stories on the grounds that the writers had to
be engineers rather than authors, this is your
dish.

  The book consists of four stories, three novel-
ettes and a short. BEYOND INFINITY, the
long novelette which gives the book its name,
is high-grade stuff, an absorbing detour into
time and space: not as elemental as many of
these things are, but with something up the
author's sleeve for a final surprise. Moreover,
Mr. Carr brings something of the technique of
the well-written detective story to it. The crisp
dialogue, the casual handling of emotion to sug-
gest, instead of wallowing in sentiment, the
good characterizations are all to its credit.

 THOSE MEN FROM MARS is another
goody, a rib-tickling satire on human and Mar-
tian frailties. The landing of two Martian space-
ships on earth—one on the White House lawn,
the other in Moscow, gives Mr. Carr a chance
to lav about him with a satirical pikestaff which
spares no one. This and BEYOND INFINITY
are the best stories in the book. MORNING
STAR is a much more conventional thing—
the “secret watchers from space" idea, handled
with competence, but will be quite familiar.
And MUTATION is even more familiar—the
well known shower of atomic bombs which
nearly wipes out mankind also produces a
super-race seven feet tall with built-in haloes

[Turn page]

0. (t)wlih of

FUN FOR EVERY MEMBER
OF THE FAMILY

in

   oS
ciS*"
con- .
At 4

SS** j” °'

7 °ndl^d Canada- ^
6
fisad ih& BsJd in
SCIENCE FICTION
CLASSICS!

Jh& $<ala Jail Uaauh of

FANTASTIC

 STORY

MAGAZINE

tfucduAAA

BEYOND PLUTO
By JOHN SCOTT CAMPBELL
URANIAN JUSTICE
By WILBUR S. PEACOCK

THE COSMIC PANTOGRAPH
By EDMOND HAMILTON

VIA ASTEROID
By GORDON A. GILES

plus several brilliant new
short stories

HOW ON SJLE-25C AT ALL STANDS!

and dispositions like Great Danes. There can be
no doubt Mr. Carr’s tongue was firmly in his
cheek as he wrote it, but the spoofing was not
quite on the order of THOSE MEN FROM
MARS. However, the two preferred stories
are worth the price of the book.

  The jackct design by Hannes Bok illustrates
the launching of the rocket ship from BE-
YOND INFINITY, strongly reminiscent of
WHEN WORLDS COLLIDE.

DRAGON'S ISLAND by Jack Williamson. Simon &
Schuster, New York ($2,501.

  This is a high-tension mystery-adventure
story with scientifically-induced mutation as
its basis for stf. Laid in the near-future, it
takes its hero, Scientist Dane Belfast, on a
tight high-wire between elements supporting
and seeking the destruction of the amazing ex-
periments of supposedly dead geneticist Charles
Kenrew, known to the initiate by a very dif-
ferent name.

  It is packed throughout with violence and the
threat of violence as Belfast becomes a sort of
human rope in a deadly tug of war, is finally
flown to New Guinea, seat of the climate muta-
tion experiments. Much of the mystery involved
concerns who is for whom in the contest and
whether Kendrew is really as dead as the slim
records make him.

  Really a space opera without space. Dragon’s
Island should appeal to a wide public, including
lovers not only of stf but of mystery and ad-
venture stories as well.

RENAISSANCE by Raymond F. Jones, Cnome Press,
New York ($2.75).

  This, we suspect, is one of Mr. Jones’ earlier
opera. It reveals less discipline in concept and
idea than this gifted author’s more recent work,
has a looseness of characterization and incident
that also suggest a less polished craftsmanship
than Jones has shown consistently of late.

  Yet in its very wildness and speed and casual-
ness of portraying the folk involved it attains
a pace and imaginative appeal that have their
own strength and charm for the reader. It
contains one of the damnedest patterns of sym-
biotic cultures, carefully divided by time, space
and disaster, of which we have ever read, and
its hero, Ketan, lives well up to all legends of
supermen in revolt against an order whose
constrictions he is innately unable to accept.

  Go^d fun combined with some moments of
real horror and excitement and a fat handful of
provocative ideas for spice.
SCIENCE

FICTION

MOVIE

REVIEW

WHEN WORLDS COLLIDE

Produced by:
Directed by:
Screenplay by:
Bated on novel by:

Color by:

Technical advisor:

George Pal
Rudolph Mat*
Sidney Boehm
Edwin Balmsr and
Philip Wylie
Technicolor

Chesley BonestaM

COMPARISONS will inevitably be made
between DESTINATION MOON and
WHEN WORLDS COLLIDE, so we might
a3 well deal with these at once.

The intent seems obvious to carry DESTI-

NATION MOON’s skeletal bareness of story
further so as to produce a fuller and more im-
pressive work. Instead of the simple attempt
to build a space rocket for its own sake, the
almost equally elemental plot of the old Balmer-
Wylie novel was impressed for its more impell-
ing reason: Earth is about to be destroyed by
collision with an invading star.

  This allows room for the human element;
unfortunately a good deal of footage is frittered
away on an infantile love story tempered only
by the sheer pleasure of letting your eyes rest
upon Barbara Rush, who is fantastically beau-
tiful in technicolor.

  From the mechanical standpoint, WHEN
WORLDS COLLIDE is more flamboyant than
DESTINATION MOON, with the result that
the gadgets sometimes seemed more toy-like.

[Turn page]

OIL BURNER

//SWEEPING THE COUNTRY!

                                       ■BIB USB BISiGSSr F01 IKM-
                                       ,WHM. SUPS MTU UT cut

, STOVE. RANGE §1 fBSHICE.

        Axn&xlng, auick Intense
        beat—by finser-tlp control. No
        more shoveling ooal or ashes. We'll lac

______yon try It In yoor own homo for one month.

        BIO BONDS FOR TESTING. Prove it pars for Itself by
  Mat It saves, Write today for BI8 CASH DISCOUNT OFFKB,
  NORTHWEST MFfl. CO.. 373-N Main, Mitchell. S. Dak.

fARTOONlSTS' EXCHANGE

Dept. 711	Pleasant Hill, Ohi®

QUIT TOBACCO!

Bemove ail tobacco craving said in every form and joia
(he thousands who hare completely obtained satisiactoiT

freedom from tobacco with the old genuine TOBACCO

BANISHES. Send lor FREE BOOKLET describing the ill
•tiects oi tobacco, and a safe reliable home treatment.
A prov*n success for 39 years.

GUSTAF H. GUSTAFSON CO.

2325 E, Vickery Blvd. Dept TF. Ft Worth 3, Texas

ASTHMA

To1? NO-COST TRIAL OFFER!

IP YOU SUFFER FROM BRONCHIAL ASTHMA
PAROXYSMS, from coughs, gasping wheezing ...
write quick for daring No-Riek. No-Cost Trial Offer. No
matter If yoo consider yoor case "hopeless"— Write Today!

NACOR. 422-S State life Bldg„ Indianapolis 4. tod.'

FUN FOR ALL THE FAMILY!

CHECK YOUR WITS

Kith

CHECK YOUR WITS

By JULES LEOPOLD
•

A Fascinating Book of Pussies,
Problems, Games and Quisset
•

Now in a POPULAR LIBRARY Edition
25c AT ALL STANDS

145
Immediate Comfort
And Relief for You with

RIIPTURi-EASIR

(A PIPER BRACl PRODUCT)

tor MSN, WOMEN and CHILDREN

Pot. Pend

 Right or left
 Side $^5

Double

A strong, form fitting washable support de-
signed to give you relief and comfort. Ad-
justable baclc-lacing and adjustable leg straps;
Snaps up in front. Soft flat groin pad—NO
STEEL OR LEATHER BANDS. Unexcelled for
comfort, INVISIBLE UNDER LIGHT CLOTH*
ING. Washable. Also used as after opera*
iion support.

#	THE MOST EFFECTIVE HERNIA SUPPORT.

 Thousands of people who have tried old-fashioned,
 expensive devices turn to Rupture-Easer for new
 comfort.

#	RUPTURE-EASER IS SANITARY.

Con be washed without harm to fabric —you
never offend when you wear Rupture-Easef.

#	NO FITTING REQUIRED.

Just measure around the lowest part of th#
flbdomen and specify right or left side or double.

Over 250,000 Grateful Users

 R. C. el Corvallis, Oregon, Air MalUi "Send me another
 Bupturetaser so I will have one to change off with. It
 « enabling me to work at top speed at my press machine
 8 hours a day."

 M. S. of Anderson, Ind., thanka ui and sayst "It is one

 Of the finest tilings I have ever worn and has made my
 lift worth living. It has given me untold ease and
 comfort.”

 O. 8. R. of Bottom "Send me another ... I wish to say
 to everyone who suffers ui I did, ‘Oh what relief I have
 found from its help!' "

 Blessed Relief Day and Night-You con sleep in it*

 you con work In if—you con both# in it.

10-DAY TRIAL OFFER

 Mooev-bock ouorontee if you don't aet relief
 Plpor Brace Company. Deot. TF-112
 $11 Wyandotte, Kansu City 6, Mfc_____^

 pTpEr’bRACE CO., DEPT. TF-112

811 Wyandotte, Kansas City 6, Mo.

 Please tend my RUPTURE-EASER by return mall.

Right Side □ S3.95 Measure oround lowest port of
left Side O S3.95 my abdomen

Double QM.95 Is—..........INCHES.

 (Note: Be sure to give Size and Sid* when ordering.)

 We Prepay Postage except on C.O.D.’s.

 Enclosed is: 0 Money Order □ Check for*_P Send C.O.D.

Address...........................——-...

CHy and State.-

RUSH THIS COUPON NOW!

The earlier picture thus retains a lead in tech-
nical integrity.

  Yet it is our feeling that these are compara-
tively minor matters at this stage of Holly-
wood's second discovery of science-fiction. The
important fact is that this picture came fairly
close to bringing a science-fiction story to life.
It offered a glimpse of the panic which Dooms-
day would unleash and it achieved real suspense,
even of a corny sort.

  The fact that we could easily pick it to pieces
would mostly mean we were trying to show how
smart we were.

  From the standpoint of the stf reader, any
movie which visualizes in smashing color the
things he has so far only imagined from words
on a printed page is all to the good. Acknowl-
edging that it is slanted to a mass audience, not
a specialized one, the inevitable com, the faked
props, the space flight lasting ten minutes—all
these things must be allowed. There could have
been much more on the rocket construction,
much more on the actual take-off from Ear^i
and the flight through space. These would have
made a more vivid, more compelling and even
more beautiful picture, where Bonestell's talents
could have been more graphically employed. But
these lacks were almost compensated for by
some effective shots of eruptions and earth-
quakes and tidal waves, plus a palpably faked
but engaging view of Times Square under thirty
feet of water.

  One jarring note was the painted backdrop of
the new planet revealed to the refugees as they
step out of the space ship. It was a Disney-like
landscape guaranteed to wring groans from the
most hardened fan. To swipe an old gag, this
never would have happened if Bonestell had
been alive.

 As in DESTINATION MOON there were
no big names among the actors. Only Richard
Derr, seen on TV screens, was known to this
reviewer. Miss Rush’s beauty has already been
noted. Peter Hanson, as her unsuccessful lover,
gave indications of charm all but strangled by
a poor part.

  The final word you’ve probably anticipated.
Good, better or best—you can’t afford to miss it.

Join the Red Cross

PINT PAMDE

—and Save a Life!

146
  SEND NO MONEY RUSH INIS COUPON!

 1.-	BILLFOiD

Sm«n, n««r .Uc*ro*,ic«llr-.r-!*d Billfold -.«h
•naf>-burion U«mo»abl« Pmi Cam. Smooth
u Imfcir. Enliwly	No looaa

thread* of touch end*. Won't Mil or mill.
Gm bf wiped clean of pofkct dirt and pat-
■pimiofl. Hold* iu thap*. Hai hidden Secret
Pocket. roomy Currency Compartment. 3
Identification Pockati. 4 cleec-»ie» Celluloid
P*m Itim. handy anap-buuo*! Removable
P«a On.

 2.-*	EMBLEM

II you *aa« «n Army or Nary Intignia
beautifully «n»ra*td on Billfold in fliiuninf
25 k Gold. plea*# cb«k choice on coupon
balov. It vill be *ogra»»d at 00 extra com
10 row.

 3.-	PENCIL

  Propel-Rtpel type mechanical pencil. Sra.nl,
  m««hed with gold colored banda. Balanced
  *ti|h( make* »ri«in( a pleasure. Complet*
  with era»«r and l*ad compartment.

 4.-*	BALL POINT PEN

FinMl •tiring Ball Pan you'ee rr« u»ed. Ink
roil 1 on dry with continuou*. e*en, non-blot,
non imcar »troke». Extra long-lifa ink ca-
pacity. Refill* alwaya available when needed.

 6.-* KEY CHAIN KNIFE

Hm'i iK. Kandi.fl Knif. Vou'va mi O-fi.d.
W.18 K.iibl. b4,dMi MUl K.T Chain. Ta..
UP DO nor. room in wit porfm iHaa r.ur
ru <n bouae »•*. Cm t» rrt»o..d Iron
In rhain lor lu irp.r.1.1, H.. hr.ulilul
pavMik. finiab. with ihaip tuuini blada.

army or Nivy
Insignia Eagravsd
In 23-k Gold at
No Extra Cost to

0 FZl”

   WE GUARANTEE

 that you enn't duplicate
 (bin value •« her* of-
 fered for kM money any-
 where in the United
 States todny . . . also
 that yon will lie posi-
 tively delighted in every
 way otherwise you onn
 return within 10 days for
 (ult refund.

 Don't Delay!

 Take Advantage of
 This Big MoneySaving Offer Today!

 • It may be a long, long time before you'll ever again see an offer to equal this. Here
 you get not one but SIX (0) BIG VALUES, all for the one low price of only $1.98.
 YOU GET a Billfold that's sensationally new In beauty and ouality. YOU GET
 the choice of either your Army or Navy Insignia beautifully Engraved on the
 Billfold in 23-k Gold. YOU GET a superbly matched 3-piece sot of Propel-Repel
 Pencil, Ball Point Pen and Hooded Point Fountain Pen. YOU GET a handy size,
 quality made Knife attached to a flexible, beaded-metal Key Chain. Count 'em—
 one, two, three, four, five, six—yes. SIX (S) BIG VALUES—each and every one
 a highly useful article you will make good use of every day for years to come.
 Furthermore, we also give you your choice of either a brown or black billfold.

■ Thin wonderful offer defies all competition and Ik sent to you on a money hack guaran-
tee. So you see, you can't lone. But hurry! Limited supplies due to re-trictions may
make it necessary to withdraw this offer very won. So tnnil your onler today on the
luindy coupon below.

 I

 I

 I

 I

 I

 I

 I

 I

 I

 I

 L

AOOttM .............................................

CtTT........................... tost........ «T.«t.......

 □ T. u.i all riMclof rt>an» I a- nrtalac la il'iv, .lit mu Mrt
     II.SI >l« Itc M Ta (TiUl lilt). Utmipawrwu

Examine For 10 Days On Money-Back Guarantee
       You'll nut iofli ways to ui< tmh kwkt Atttttoaiii roe

  -turriNG • ciianing • otiajNC ■ tuvi ■imovino ‘OiNoihC * fouixing

       • Ivlt NO • will HUWMt- 1»NOi~C •	• I"«I>I~'NC • purnC >»wi

  S’tcut *UOt SIIIl
  MICIStON 6UUT j.MW CMUCK

  Hit *U SHAN«>Uf 10 .-ISO*

 ,,	_ .	..	. .	SItfl BfNCH STAND INCIUDED

 Never Before—Never Again ust as binch o« hand tooi
 a Value Like This	a typrrui

  SEND NO MONEY! Mail This "No Risk" Coupon Today!

  ILLINOIS MERCHANDISE MART. DepL 9836
  1227 Loyola Ave.. Chicago 26, Illinois

  Gentlemen: Send me the 3fr-Piece Electric Work KH, com-
  plete as shown, C.O.O. at your special LOW PRICE of only
  $14.95 plut C.O.D. poitoge charges. I mult be delighted in
  •vary «ay or I can ratum Kit within 10 days for full refund.

KAMI ............................................................

AODIISS ...........................................................

(OWN...................................... STAtl.................

Try For 10 Days In Your Own Home
On Our No-Risk Examination Otter!

Sm for yourself how FAST and tASY
fhh AMAZING ELECTRIC WORK KIT
onablet you lo do thoie tough jobs

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED

n* b ik. !•( tia>, >M> J» D*«rf* *■* B» k<a
••» bm .O.t.d hr «. lor Ike low HUCE >4 only
ll< IS. Yen nil b. ••IU>lr uUiExI a4 a«i»e U la the
*T«<n »olu« •• rapra*»m U w ha m jvt «** utara ifca
III vIltilB 10 daya lor hill ralu<L

ILLINOIS MERCHANDISE MtRT. 181 UfW. CMcafl A II

 Hero‘a the oppottunity of • lifetimt for you to own the kind
 of Electric Drill Work Kit youv* afwey* wanted—•( a price
 many dollar* below whai you might ordinarily exp^t to pay
 for »uch a quality outfit. You'll he delighted »ith th* w*y
 Ihb miracle Electric Work Kit of • 1001 uin ptflomn
 You’ll be ammed to tee ho*, quivkly it* accestory pic*e»
 enable you to automatically complete one ft>b after another—
 with the grearett of eaie and tkill No man can afford lo be
 without thu many purpoie Electric Detll Kit. Yet e««n
 houiewivet will find >t invaluable for polithmg, buffing and
 •herpemnc hundreds of houtrhold itemt. Thi» marvelou* new
 worW-iav«: ii precition built throughout of iturd>eit m*l«-
 rialt—•» fully covertd with a written guarantee and u Uo
 derwriter* Laboratories approved Complete. *a»y-to-follow
 instruction* are included with evary kit

HURRY! Get Yours While Supply Lasts!

These Kits will go fest on this Bargain Offer so
RUSH YOUR ORDER on tha Handy Coupon Todayl

      16~P!FCF

 ELECTRIC WORK KIT

1001 Uses for Home, Workshop, Farm and Factory

 fyW Need
 ja'i o+tLf