Issued Weekly. By Subscription Si.jo ter year. Jittered as Second Class Matter at Nero York Post Office »^.Stref.t & Smith, >38 William St., IV. Y.

BUFFALO BILLS

     A §>T@IRY m

I*HaJ.C> Wtl- HAlViUmt -J’BHIIi, KA1SEI) HIKKIFLK,	AM TBOUOET, IHft BKNT A. BULLET THROUGH THE. Ul’KAIHBD RIGHT ABM.

              Over 12000 Neu) & Old Books & Libraries in Stock, Exctianyuaote,

         Rot. Madison A Washington Sts, 4p So HALSTED ST., Chicager IH.

SHOT.

R Story of Wild West Hdventure.

                    By the author of “BUFFALO BILL.”

CHAPTER I.

THE CHIEF'S OATH.

  "Dave, life is worth a good deal to me, whether it is to
you or not, for I want to live for those I love.”

  Thus spoke Buffalo Bill, the famous American scout,
to his bosom friend and long-time mate in many a wild
hunt, Dave Estes, as they looked eastward from a peak
in the great Wind River Gap of the Rocky Mountains,
for they were in the heart of the Northwestern hunting
grounds of the Sioux nation.

  The two scouts, well-mounted ahd well-armed, had
come thus far alone into this dreaded range to satisfy
themselves on two points—one, a rumor that placer gold
was wondrously plentiful in the deep gulches of the Wind
River Mountains—the other, that for bear, elk, moun-
tain sheep and antejope, this was a hunter’s paradise.

  They had learned that the rumors bad good foundation.
They had prospected for and found fine gold in the black
sand, in small nuggets and in quartzf ledges. As to
game, they could have fed a brigade and not worried
themselves in doing it.

  “What are vou growlin’ about. Bill?” said Dave, in
                    c

reply. “The reds are all off on the plains and we’ve got
the hills all to ourselves. We’ve seen a heap of new
ground on this scout, and I’d like to look a little farther.
Let’s stay out one day longer.”

  “You said the same thing two days ago, Dave,” said
Bill, “yet here we are a day’s ride nearer to sunset now
than we were then. You never tire on a scout. Good
reason why—you are at all the home you have, wherever
you camp. But it isn’t so with me. There’re heart-
strings pulling me toward home, where my loved ones
are.”

  “Just so. This getting married ruins a man for scout-
ing and plains life. It takes the game out of him.”
“Look here, Dave! step light, or you’ll wake me up!1’
•cried Bill, and the anger light flashed from his eyes.
“I’m as game now as I ever was, and you know it, or you
ought to. Who saved your hair when you were dowrr;
and the Sioux crowding for you like a pack of starved
wolves?” •

  “You, Bill—-you! and God bless you for it.”

  “And wasn’t I married then—a husband and a
father?”

  “Yes. Bill, and I take back all that I said. But I was

 No. 2.	NEW YORK, May 25, 1901.	Price Five Cents.

,[ Issued Weekly. Subscription ti-soper year. Entered as Second Class Matter at the N. Y. Post Office, by Street & Smith, *}8 William St., N. V,
Entered according to Act of Congress in the year 1901. in the Office of the Librarian of Congress, Washington, D. C.

unlbxuu c

• Over 12000 i

Prap

 igsable,
2

THE BUFFALO BULL STORIES.

  never in such a game country as this before, and there’s
  just one range I'd like to look at to-day, and then I’m
  willing to go back.”

    "If you are bent on a scout to-day don’t go far, and
  be in camp early. I’ll take the horses down, and pack
  our specimens, and have supper ready when you come.”

    “All right!” said Dave, dismounting. “I’m going
  where horses can’t travel—up that gulch we looked at
  yesterday.”

    The scout, a small, agile, wiry man, left Buffalo Bill
  to return, while lie, shouldering his Spcncer rifle, took a
  coiirse along the ridge.

     Bill called to the well-trained horse of his mate to fol-
  low, and turned Powder Face, his own favorite steed,
  in the direction of their camp, which had been pitched
  in a little valley, near a small lake.

    He rode leisurely along, a Henry rifle slung at the
  rear of his saddle, but with his favorite needle-gun over
  his shoulder, ready for instant use.

    Meat was. plenty in camp, so he left the game in sight
  unmolested.

    But a sight met his eye that made him draw his horses
  close in cover under a clump of dwarf pines, where he
  could see without being seen.

    He saw, coming through the valley from the east,
  three figures on horseback, riding at a terrific pace.

    He quickly got his fieldgiass into focus, and by its aid
  discovered the riders.

    Two rode side by side, several yards in advance of the
  third.

    Of these the first was an armed Indian warrior, and he
  led the second horse, which bore an Indian girl, who
  seemed to be bound to the horse which the warrior led.

    The third rider, so far in the rear, was also an armed
  Indian warrior, and he was lashing his horse furiously,
  as the first also lashed his.

     “A race for life, it looks like!” said Buffalo Bill. “But
  I see no sign of any pursuer. If that was a white woman
  I’d take a hand in mighty sudden. If it is an abduction,
  why, it’s their business, not mine.”

    The first warrior and the squaw dashed on through the
  gap, while, just as Bill reached the Ipvel, the horse of
  the other warrior fell, throwing its rider heavily against
  a huge bowlder, and leaving him senseless on the
  ground.

    Bill rode up, thinking, from the way he lay, that the
  Indian had fractured his skull or broken his neck; but
  he found him conscious as he halted by his side, though
  he was unable to rise.

    “Paleface, I know you. You are Long Rifle, the great
  killer of Buffalo,” said the Indian, as Bill reined in his
  horse.

    “Yes,” said Bill, quietly. “What is the matter with
' you?”

    “Heap bad is the matter. Me got an arm and leg
  broke—my horse most dead, and Yellow Bear, the Black
  Foot chief, has gone beyond my reach with Dove Eye,
  my daughter, the Red Rose of my tribe.”

    “Dove Eye? Then you are Spotted Tail, the great
  war chief of the Big Horn Sioux?”

    “Yes; I am Spotted Tail. Kill me if you like; I have
  taken scalps enough to line my lodge.”

    “Killing cripples isn't in, my line,” said Bill. “But

 I’ll ijiake a bargain with you, Spotted Tail. If you'll
 agree to keep peace with all palefaces who come here to
 hunt and look for gold, I’ll get Dove Eye back and
 bring you the scalp of Yellow Bear. Will you agree to
 this?”

   “Long Rifle, I will.”

   “Swear it by the Great Spirit.”

   “I swear to be a friend to the palefaces if Dove Eye
 is saved from Yellow Bear, the Black Foot.”

   “Enough! Crawl to my camp, where you’ll find meat
and drink,” said Bill; and loosing Dave’s horse, he
turned Powder Face on the trail of Yellow Bear,

CHAPTER II.

THE SCOUT'S BEST SHOT.

   A handsome Indian woman is a rarity; but the daugh-
 ter of Spotted Tail, Dove Eye, womanly, graceful,
 though but fifteen, was an exception. On all the plains,
 through the Black Hills, and in the great mountains,
 she was known as the Red Rose of the Sioux nation, as
 the most beautiful of Indian girls.

   Already warriors of her own tribe had fought in jeal-
 ous rivalry to gain a friendly glance from her eyes; al-
 ready her father had been asked for her hand by some
 of the bravest and richest chiefs of his and other tribes;
 but his answer was:

   “Dove Eye is the heart of Spotted Tail—he cannot
part with his child!”

   Yellow Bear, a dreaded chief of the Black Fpet, a tribe
 at war with all abound them, had not asked her parents
 or herself for her hand; with, a great hunter’s stealth he
 had crept into the village of her father when almost
 all the tribe were away on a buffalo hunt, and that father
 was detained by sickness in his lodge, and with a daring
 peculiar to him and his tribe, had seized and borne her
 away, bound on a captured horse.

   Spotted Tail, sick though he was, had.followed swiftly
 on the trail, and had come almost within rifle shot of
 Yellow Bear when his horse fell.	*

   The Black Foot chief saw the mishap, and he rode on
 more leisurely, to save his horses for the long journey
 yet before him. for he did not see Buffalo Bill riding
 down toward his fallen pursuer.

   The girl looked back, and a cry of joy broke from her
 lips. £>he saw that a pursuer was nearer than before,
 and she thought none but her father was on the trail.

   Yellow Bear turned his eyeS, and he saw that it was
 not Spotted Tail, but a well-armed and well-mounted
 paleface, who was coaling swiftly on his track.

  Quickly he lathed his horse and that which bore
Dove Eye into funou.s speed once more—dangerous
speed, indeed, for the fOugh route he was passing oyer
grew rougher and more narrow as they ascended the
pass; but there was a danger behind which the Black
Foot could comprehend, for he had battled with pale-
faces before,

   Nearer and nearer the pursuer came, and a low. scorn-
 ful laugh broke from the lips of Dove Eye, {or she
 deemed her rescue sure now.

   Yellow Bear heard it, and his anger flamed up, and he
 « resolved that she should first die, and then he would face
 his pursuer.
THE BUFFALO BILL STORIES,

3

  Checking his horse suddenly, he clutched her round
arm, and, raising her form so as to bring her heart full
before him, he raised his arm to drive the knife in her
bosom.	’

   As he thus raised his arm a terrible yell broke from
his lips—a cry of defiance and hate.

   Dove Eye, fearless and full of scorn, looked him de-
fiantly in the,face, expecting instant death; but suddenly
his arm fell and the knife dropped to the earth, for Buf-
falo Bill, fully one hundred yards away, saw her peril,
raised his rifle quick as thought, fired, and sent the ball
through the upraised right arm.

   Yellow Bear, helpless to use knife or rifle now, uttered
a scream of baffled rage and pain, then leaping from his
horse he plunged off into a micket, where no horseman
could follow him, just as Buffalo Bill dashed up to finish
the work begun by the best shot he ever made.

   “Dove Eye is safe!” he said, as he reined his horse
back to its haunches and cut the thongs which bound
her. “Her father is at my camp, waiting for her.”
“Dove Eye thanks the brave paleface. Her life has
been saved by him, and she will be his friend forever.”
“Buffalo Bill needs no thanks,” said the heroic scout.
“But look to his horse. He promised to take your
father back a scalp, and he must get it.”

   Bill threw the reins of his horse into the hands of the
liberated maiden, and sprang into the thicket after
Yellow Bear.

   Dove Eye saw the form of her preserver disappear and
her eyes gleamed with a new light.

  “He is brave as the bravest,” she said. “Dove,Eye
■will be his slave.”

   She waited minutes, and they seemed long, for him to
return; and then almost an hour passed before Buffalo
Bill came back.

_ When he did return he looked flushed and angry.

   “He can outrun a crippled wild turkey and hide better
thah a chick-pheasant. I’ve lost him' and his trail, but
I’ll have his scalp yet, and keep my word with Spotted
Tail.”

  Dove Eye did not speak. She never dared to speak
to her father when his brow wore the anger cloud, and
she thought she must be silent when the brave paleface
was angry.

  "We will go to the camp where your father is.” She
J*owed her head and turned her horse, while Bill se-
cured the other horse, so that the Black Foot chief could
not find him and remount.

   Buffalo Bill now led the way down the pass, closely
followed by Dove Eye, whose eyes watched with admira-
tion every movement of his manly, graceful form.

   "There is no warrior like him in all the tribes!” she
murmured, as she rode on. “Dove Eye must win his
love.”

CHAPTER III.

THE LITTLE SCOUT IN LOVE.

  When Buffalo Bill, leading the captured horse de-
serted by Yellow Bear, and followed by Dove Eye, rode
Jjack to where he had left Spotted Tail, he found, the
thief seated on the ground, near his dead horse, for the
Rnimal had literally run on until its life gave out.

  A gleam of satisfaction brightened the eyes of Spotted
Tail as he saw his daughter free and unharmed; then his
eyes looked to the belt of Buffalo Bill for the scalp which
the latter had promised.

  The scout knew why he looked, and said:

  “Yellow Bear, crippled by a ball from* my rifle, got
away. I could not take his scalp this time. But I have
given my word; I never break it. You shall yet have
that scalp. There is his horse in place of your own.”
“Long Rifle is a great brave. He has brought Dove
Eye back to her father; and Spotted Tail for this will
keep peace between his band and the paleface. When
his arm and leg get so he can use them, he will hunt for
the scalp of Yellow Bear himself. But now, he must
be taken back to his own people, for he is no good with
these broken bones. It is but a day’s ride to the lands
of the Black Feet, and Yellow Bear will get to his peo-
ple, and, it may be, come back to try and steal Dove Eye
again, and take the scalp of her father.”

  “A day’s ride only? Then that smoke means some-
thing!” said Buffalo Bill, as a white pillar, made by the
burning of moss, rose toward the sky away in the north-
west.

  “Yes. Yellow Bear is speaking to the eyes of his
people. Make my broken leg and arm straight be-
tween pieces of wood, and put me on the horse soon,
for if we stay here we will have the Black Feet like
hungry wolves upon us. If they come before I am ready,
take Dove Eye and go. She must never be taken by
Yellow Bear."

  “She never will be!” said the beautiful girl, and she
knelt down by his side to aid Buffalo Bill to set the
broken bones and secure them in the splints.

  With such skill as men brought up on the plains al-
most invariably possess, the hunter proceeded to place
the broken linibs in proper position, and then with the
long, silken scarf which he wore, cut into strips, he
bound the splints in place.

  Dove Eye calmly aided in the work.

  Indian nature may be human nature, but one who has
seen how they can endure pain rather doubts it:

  As soon as the surgical job was over, Buffalo Bill as-
sisted the Sioux chief up on the horse which Yellow Bear
had left, and then the three rode down to the camp.

  “Why does Long Rifle stop here?” asked Spotted Tail,
as Buffalo Bill came to the camp.

  “Because I have a mate up in the hills who will not
come in till night,” said Bill. “I can’t desert him.”
“Long Rifle is right to be true to his friend; but the
Black Feet will be on our trail before another sun is up.”
“Then some of ’em will have a free pass to the Happy
Hunting Ground above,” said Buffalo Bill, in his quiet
way.

  “Let my brother make three smokes, a rifle shot
apart, white, like that,” said Spotted Tail. “If any hunt-
ers or warriors of my tribe see them, they will not let
their horses rest until they are with their chief. Does
Long Rifle know how to make the white smoke.”

  And the chief pointed to the pillar of smoke in the
northwest.

  “I will make the smokes, while Dove Eye cooks m€at
for her father. There is plenty there.”

  The hunter pointed to birds, venison, and fish, all
4*

THE BUFFALO BILL STORIES

hanging to branches near his camp-fire; and then he tore
a large lot of moss from the trees near at hand, mounted
his horse, and rode away to make the smoke signal.

  Soon Spotted Tail saw three white pillars going up in
■the still air, and he hoped they might be seen by some
of his braves.

  Dove Eye, while the scout was gone on his errand,
■with the ready tact of a forest-born maiden, stirred up
the embers of the camp-fire, and placed meat, fowls, and
fish before the coals, on the forked sticks which had
been used for that purpose before: then she peeled bark
for platters, for she had seen palefaces use plates, and
she wished to do all she could to please the brave mail
who had rescued her.

  Buffalo Bill smiled when he saw not only how nicely
she had cooked the meat, but how neatly it was laid
upon bark plates, and he said:

  “Dove Eye knows how to keep a lodge.”

  The girl knew he spoke in compliment. His pleased
looks told that.

  “Will Long Rifle and my father eat?” she asked.

  “We will, Dove Eye, and so must you, for you need
it as much as we.”

  “Dove Eye will wait till her father and his friend are
done; then she will eat.”

  Buffalo Bill knew what Indian customs were too well
to try to persuade her against them, and he joined
Spotted Tail in a hearty meal.

  When her father and the hunter had finished, Dove
Eye showed that the late perils she had passed through
had not lessened her hunger, for she ate heartily.

  Suddenly the sound of footsteps aroused the attention
of Buffalo Bill, who had been looking dreamily into the
fire, on which Dove Eye had just thrown her dinner
plates.

  The eyes of the scout rested on Dave Estes, who had
come suddenly into camp and now stood transfixed with
wonder, gazing intently at Dove Eye, who in turn
glanced at him, seeming to measure him from head to
foot.

  “Glad you’re back, Dave, for we’ll find these hot
quarters before long, if we stay!” said Buffalo Bill.

  “Where’s that red angel dropped- from ?” asked Dave,
still gazing at Dove Eye.

  Dave had never seen so handsome an Indian girl as
she was.

  Buffalo Bill laughed as he answered.

  "The girl is Dove Eye, the daughter of the great
Sioux war chief. Spotted Tail, who lies there with a
broken leg and arm. We’ve got to see them back safe
to their village.”

  “I’m in for that. But how did she come here ? What
a beauty she is! Does she understand English?”

  “As well as you, as ycnl can see by the smile on her
face. She was stolen away from her father by Yellow
Bear, a Black Foot chief, and her father broke down here
in the chase. I made a bargain with him to keep peace
and then took the trail, got within shot of the Black
Foot and winged him. By that I got her back safe, and
here she is.”

  “Bill, you’re a mean cuss! Why didn’t you let me
save the gaJ?” cried Dave.

  “Why weren’t you on hand so as to take my chance?

You were bent on prospecting, you know, and that tookj
you out of the way.”

  “Cuss the luck! I'd rather do her a favor than the !
best-born lady. She is prettier than any picture I ever .
saw!”

  “Dave, you’re in love.”

  “I know it, Bill, and if she doesn’t love me, it shan’t
be my fault.”

  These latter expressions were uttered in a tone too low
for Dove Eye to hear them, for she had turned away from
the too ardent gaze of the young scout.

  Spotted Tail now spoke, addressing Buffalo Bill:
“Since the friend of Long Rifle has come back, would
it not be better that we travel before the sun goes out
of sight? The Black Feet may be near to answer the
signal of Yellow Bear.”

  "Yes,” said Buffalo Bill. “As soon as my mate gets
a bite to eat we will start.”

  “Meat here, all ready,” said Dove Eye, producing the
store she had laid away.

  “I'll eat as I ride,” said Dave, “Start as soon as you
like. We can make twienty miles afore dark.”

  “Little Brave has a good heart. Me like him. He is
a brother to Long Rifle ?” said Dove Eye, pleased at the
readiness to go which Dave Estes exhibited.

  “Not a brother, but a mighty good partner,” said Buf-
falo Bill. “He isn't much on sire, but he is keener than
a whipsnake in a fight, and worse than a wolf on a
hunt ?”

  Dave heard the words of the girl, and he sprang to
get the horses ready, for he had an idea he would win
her, even if Jie had no hand in her rescue.

  “Does she know you’re married, Bill?” asked Dave, in
a low tone, looking back at the girl as she caught her
own horse.

  “Not that I know of. But you needn’t fear for me. I
think we’ll have enough to think of to save our scalps
before we are out of this. Help me to get Spotted Tail
on his horse, as easy as we can,' and then we’ll be off.”
The Sioux chief was in a bad fix to ride, but he knew
that life depended on his getting out of that vicinity, and
he bore his pain without a murmur when the two scouts
lifted him into the saddle, and secured him so he would
not fall if pain or weakness should overcome him.

  Dove Eye arranged her own saddle, and was mounted
before Dave could offer assistance.

  With her usual forethought she cut a quarter of veni-
son loose from the branch on which it hung, so that
when they next halted there would be no necessity to kill
meat.

  “What a queen wife she’d make for a hunter and trap-
per?” said Dave, as he took note of her action. “Bill,
I’m gone in. I never thought a red could take me; but
I’m her prisoner for life.”

  Buffalo Bill smiled at this declaration from Dave, for
the young scout had hitherto seemed rather averse to
the female sex.

  “Which course shall we take?” asked Bill, speaking
to Spotted Tail.

  "Go straight for sunrise,” said the chief. “If we get
to the Big Horn before the Black Feet are on our trail,
we will get soon where they may lose their scalps.”
Buffalo Bill took the lead; Spotted Tail rode next;
THE BUFFALO BILL STORIES.

5

Dove Eye followed him, and Dave Estes brought up the
rear, at iris own wish.

  'It was late in the day when they started, but the
horses were rested, and moved on at that pace so natural
to the prairie horse—an easy lope.

  Night was closing in, when Bill came to a sudden halt.
He saw, as they rounded a point of thick forest n.ear
the river bank, a camp, close ahead—'whether of red or
white men, he could not tell.

CHAPTER IV.

SIGNAL FOR AID.

  A hundred, lodges ranged on either side of a brook,
where it ran slowly through a valley, told of the power of
Yellow Bear. This was his own village, and the occu-
pants of these lodges were but a small part of his war-
like tribe.

  Prominent among the lodges was the large one in
which he dwelt when in the village, and before it. on a
tall lance, floated a yellow cloth, with a bear rudely
drawn on it.

  There were many warriors idling in groups, while
women were busy about the camp-fires.

  A large drove of horses fed in the valley, watched by
a party of half-grown boys.

  Suddenly a woman, tall in stature, in a headdress of
feathers, with a robe of rich scarlet cloth about her form,
came out from the lodge of the chief.

  She was not a white woman, yet her complexion was
very light for an Indian.

  Her look was commanding, though the freshness of
youth had left her.

  Close behind her came two other women—one. an
old, haggard creature, with one eye gone, while the other
shone like a ball of fire. Her coarse, white hair hung
loose.

  The other, strangest of all, was very young and a
white girl, with rich, curling hair, of golden hue, blue
eyes, and regular features, dressed in the Indian style, a
short skirt of cloth, fringed with fur, leggins and moc-
casins. Her head was bare, only she wore the single
eagle feather, which.told her to be a chief’s daughter,
and unmarried.

  The tall woman stood for a moment outside of the
lodge of Yellow Bear; then she turned to the young
girl, and said:

  “Wanda, the Queen of the Black Feet, will now listen
to the dream of Cindah-, the Sunflower. Then she will
ride to look for Yellow Bear, her chief, and the father
of Cindah, the Sunflower.”

  “He is not' my father! The Spirit of Dreams came to
me and told me that the skin of my father was white like
my own; that I have a mother as beautiful as the flowers
I love."

  “The Spirit of Dreams has been speaking lies to Cin-
dah, the Sunflower! No father but Yellow Bear can
claim a smile from her, nor shall any but Wanda call her
daughter!"

  The one-eyed hag muttered something, but neither
Wanda nor the girl understood what she said.

  The blue eyes of the young girl flashed out a haughty
look at the queenly-looking woman, as she said:

  “The Great Spirit will not lie! The Dream Spirit
must sp«ak true words with a single tongue. I have
heard Yellow Bear say that this is so.”

  “Yellow Bear has said foolish things, and he has
dreamed bad dreams. He dreamed that he must go to
the land of his enemies, to the hunting grounds of the
Sioux, to steal him a new wife. It \vas a bad dream. I
told him be would come back as he went, empty-handed.
And he will. Were he to bring a strange wife here, the
knife of Wanda would drink her blood!"

  The young girl was about to speak, when a warrior,
who had been looking away to the southeast, uttered a
shrill shout.

  In an instant every one in the village was attracted
first toward him and then to a pillar of white smoke
which rose suddenly above the hilltops in that direction.

  In silence they looked a few seconds, ajjd then it went
out of sight.

  Then again the white column rose to view. Then it
faded away, and a third time it came in sight,

  Wanda put her hand to her belt and took out a
whistle made from the tip of an antelope's horn. This
she blew with a loud, shrill call.

  In a second the warriors were seen rushing to their
lodges to arm themselves, while the guards in charge of
the horses drove the herd in where the animals could be
ready for use.

  Wanda herself disappeared inside of the large lodge.
When she came out she was clad in a short skirt, a
hunting-jacket of fur, and with her limbs incased in leg-
gins, while she carried a gun in her hand, and wore a
knife and pistols in her belt.

  As she came forth she cried:

  “Yellow Bear has called for help. Wanda will go at
the head of the bravest to answer his signal!”

  A yell broke from every lip as Wanda spoke, and a
young brave led a large, cream-colored horse, with mane
and tail of jet-black hue, up for her use.

  Before she mounted, Wanda turned to the one-eyed
hag, and said:

“Kincatah. keep thy one eye open. Cindah dreams
too much. She is under thy care while we are gone.”
The old hag answered, with a hoarse, croaking voice:
“The Sunflower will not go out of sight of Kincatah 1”
Wanda said no more, but springing astride the noble
horse, dashed off at a swift gallop.

  The warriors, in single column, followed at the same
pace.

  Cindah gazed after them a moment, and then re-en-
tered the lodge.

  The one-eyed liSgf hobbled in after her.

  An instant later, a young brave came up in front of
the lodge, and, looking cautiously around to see whether
any one was near to notice his actions, advanced to the
shield which hung on the center-pole and made three
marks upon it with a piece of charred coal.

  Then he uttered a cry like that made by a hawk, and
hurried away.

  He had not been gone a half minute when Cindah
came hurriedly from the lodge, glanced around, then
looked at the shield.

  “A letter for me, from the strange friend, left in the
hollow tree!” she murmured, as she looked at the marks
THE BUFFALO BILL STORIES

on the shield, and she brushed them away with the palm
of her hand.

 The one-eyed hag hobbled out, and glared suspiciously
 at the girl.

 “What did the Sunflower come out of the lodge so
 quickly for?" asked Kincatah.

 “Because she wanted to. She i6 as free as the wind
 that whispers among the trees. She will come and go as
 her will tells her to do.”

 “Not while Wanda and Yellow Bear are away will the
 Sunflower go out of sight of Kincatah, the One-Eyed!”
 said the hag.

 “We will see!” cried Cindah, angrily.

 She blew a small whistle made from a slender bone of
 an antelope’s leg.

 The call brought the young warrior who had made the
 marks on the shield.

 “Red Plume will saddle his horse and mine. Cindah
 wants to ride,” said the girl.

 “Saddle a horse, too, for Kincatah!” cried the old hag.

 “Let it be one-eyed and lame like herself,” said Cin-
 dah, scornfully.

 “Fool! Rain shall fall in a flood from your eyes for
 this!” screamed the hag.

 Cindah laughed to see her eye blaze in furious light,
 while the young warrior hurried off to get the horses.

CHAPTER V.
dave Estes’ suspicions.

 When Buffalo Bill made the sudden halt, seeing a
 camp-fire so close, he also cocked his gun for instant
 use, for he was in rifle-shot of the strangers, whoever
 they were.

 Dave Estes rode to the front, with his rifle ready,
 while Dove Eye, now carrying her father’s rifle, rode
 up in a line with them.

 “White men, and a rough-looking set!” said Bill, a
 moment later, as about a dozen men sprang up from about
 the fire, with guns in theif hands. “We may as well ride
 up and take things coolly, for we’re in too close range to
 back out now.”

 So he rode boldly on, while those in front, calling to a
 couple of men to look out for the stock, stepped up in
 front of their camp and waited for the scout and his
 party to come up.

 They were not regular hunters and trappers, though
 well armed.

 Road agents they might have been termed also.

 They were in number fourteen, and mostly men of
 middle age, bearded and long-haired.

 One only had a different look, and he was the leader.
 His dress was superior to the rest—a kind of velvet
 hunting coat reached below his hips, while buckskin
 breeches met high calvary boots, on which he wore a
 pair of silver Mexican spurs.

 His pistols were ornamented with silver mountings,
 and his large hunting-knife was nearly as long as an
 artillery sword.

 He was young, with long black hair hanging in curls
 about his shoulders, and with a smooth, almost womanly
 face.

 Yet his dark, sharp eye, his firm, close-set lips, and his

 air of command, told, even before he spoke, that he w'SS
 a person of firm and resolute nature, and that he held the
 rest under control.

   "Which way, strangers?” he asked, in a bold, authori-
 tative tone.

   “We are bound east, to the village of this wounded
 chief,” said Buffalo Bill, pointing to Spotted Tail. “He
 holds his headquarters on the Big Horn, if you know
 where that is.”

   “I only know that it is down on a map I travel by,”
 said the other. “I’m new in these parts, though I’ve been
 over the plains twice.”

   “I should think you were new, or you’d be careful how
 you camped in the heart of a hostile Indian country.”
 “Why, you’re two whites, and are friendly with the
 Indians, or is the girl held captive by you?”

   “No; they are old friends, because I did the chief fa-
 vors. Scalps would be in demand if you or I were met
 by any of his tribe, or by the Black Feet.”

 "They'd get more lead than hair from my party,” said
 the other. “As you can’t go any further before night
 sets in, camp, and we’ll treat you as well as we can.”
 Buffalo Bill did not like the looks of the party, but it
 was best to keep on friendly terms with them if he could.

   "We’ll camp near by you; but we’ve meat along, and
 need no help.”

   “All right, stranger!” said the young man. Then,
 turning to his own men, who crowded rather close, he
 said : “Fall back to camp, men-!”

   The men obeyed, as under good discipline; but Dave
 ' Estes noticed that they almost to a man gazed with looks
 of admiration on the Indian girl.

   Buffalo Bill rode on, and, about a couple of hundred
 yards above, halted on the stream.

   “We’ll pitch camp here and let our horses rest,” he
 said, addressing Spotted Tail.

   “Long Rifle knows what is best. Spotted Tail trusts
 Long Rifle and the Little Brave.”

   “We’ll take as good care of you as we know how,”
 said Bill, dismounting.

   He now unfastened the chief from his horse, and aided
 by Dove Eye, who spread out blankets carefully, laid
 him down under the branches of a tree, and Dave Estes
 picketed the horses to grass close at hind, gathered dry,
 fuel and kindled a fire.

   Spotted Tail spoke a word of warning about this, but
 Buffalo Bill pointed to the other fire, and to the full
 moon, just up, and said:

   “It will add to our comfort and not increase our dan-
 ger.”

   Dove Eye at onge began to cook supper, ana Buffalo
 Bill took from his own stores some coffee and hung a
 small camp kettle full of water over the fire to boil.

   While these preparations were going on, the leader of
 the other party came over.

    “Got all you want here ?” he asked.

   “Yes—thank you—all we need,” said Buffalo Bill. ''
   “You’re an old hand in camp life.”

   “Yes, born and brought up to it,” answered the other.
 “Yet you use good language—have better manners
 than the trappers I’ve met before.”

   “Good manners, like the measles, arc easy caught.
 I’ve been a great deal with educated men, army officers,
THE BUFFALO BtLL STORIES

7

 ' and, others,"’ said Buffalo Bill.. “It is very easy to be a
 gentleman when one knows how.”	f

   “What might your name be?” asked the stranger.
 "I’ve'no reason to conceal it. My father’s name was
 Cody. I've earned the name of Buffalo Bill.” •

   The stranger started.

   “You were born in Kansas—t-your father was killed
 there I’* he said.

   “Yes—by border ruffians! I’ve wiped out the debt!”
 said Buffalo Bill, grimly.

   ■“Yes. I’ve heard of you before,” said the stranger.
 “But I expected to see a different man—a giant in stature
 and a demon in looks.”

   Buffalo Bill smiled as he answered:

   “I’m oqjy harsh when it is forced on me. Since you
 know my name, what might yours be ?’’

   “Boyd—without any preface,” said the other. “I left
 that when I took command of that camp gang over
 there. You can call me Captain Boyd for the little time
 we are likely to be together.”

   “All right, Captain Boyd- I may as well tell you that
 an early start on whatever route you mean to take, and a
 care to hide your trail, will most likely keep you out of a
 rjasty Indian fight. We expect a band of Black Feet af-
 ter us, and shoukl they strike your trail, they’d strike
 hard for your hair, as well as y®ur horses and weapons.”
 "Thank you for the warning. Why do you expect they
 wHl follow you?”

   “Because I rescued the daughter of Spotted Tail, that
 wounded chief, from Yellow Bear, a leading Black Foot
 chief, this morning. I wounded him. but he got away.
 As soon as he can rally warriors for support, he’ll come.”
 “She is good looking for a squaw,” said the young
 captain, carelessly. “But I’m not fond of women, so I
 seldom cast a second glance at them. They’re at the
 bottom of two-thirds of the troubles that men get into,
 and I steer dear.”

   “That’s sensible,” muttered DaVe Estes, who-now came
 iri and joined the group; “I used to"do it.”

   Dove Eye came from the fire inhere her meat had been
 cooking nicely, atjd told Lortg Rifle, as she invariably
 called Buffalo Bill, that supper was ready.

   “Join Us, Captain Boyd,” said Buffalo Bill, in a cour-
 teous tone.

   “Thank you—no; I hay? supped. I came over to ask
 .you about the country ahead, and the best route for me
 to. take.”

   “Come around after supper, and I'll tell you what I
 can.”

   “What is he?” asked Dave Estes, when the young
 leader went back to his men.

   ‘,‘Your eyes can tell you as well as mine can. He
 doesn’t say.”	,

   By this time Dove Eye had her supper served on fresh
 bark plates, and Buffalo Bill took off his hot coffee to
 add to her fare.

   After supper Buffalo Bill was joined by Captain Boyd,
 who came with the map he had been traveling by, and for
 an hour Or more the two talked about the country and
 the trails. Then Boyd went to his camp, and the scout
 lay down to sleep till the mid watch came on, for he and
 Dave had agreed to take turns ami stand guard.

  The camp-fires had burned low and all was quiet when
Dave Estes woke Buffalo Bill to take his turn as sentinel.

  “Do they keep any watch over there?” asked Buffalo
Bill, glancing toward the other camp.

  “■None that I can see. Nothing has moved but the
stock since I’ve been on watch.”

  “Such carelessness deserves to lose hair,” said the
scout.

  “You’ll not have over two hours’ sleep, Dave, so drop
on your blanket at once.”

  Dave lay down near the embers of the camp-fire, while
Bill went out to change the picket pins of his horses to
a fresh grazing ground.

  On approaching Powder Face, he found that animal
with his fore feet planted close together, his head low-
bent till the nose was close to the ground, and his ear
pointed toward the west.

  Buffalo Bill had seen the animal in this position three
times before, and he had each time learned a lesson.
Twice he had been attacked by Indians before the dawn,
and the third time a column of mounted troops, making
a night march, passed his camp before daylight.

  “So! there’s danger in the wind, old boy!” said he to
the horse.

  The animal, with almost human intelligence, raised its
head, and, glaring off in the moonlight, snuffed the air.

  Buffalo Bill did not pass these signs unheeded.

  He at once took up the picket pins of all the horses and
led them in to camp. Dave Estes was not yet asleep.

  “Saddle up, Dave—saddle up. I think there’s danger
close at hand. An hour’s earlier start will do no hurt at
any rate,” said Buffalo Bill, in a low tone.

  Spotted Tail and Dove Eye were awake in a second
more, and Buffalo Bill, without speaking his convictions
that an enemy was near, said that he had made up his
mind to an early start.

  In less than five minutes the four were mounted and
ready to move.

  ‘ Dave, lead the way and keep in the shadow of the
timber,” cried Buffalo Bill. “I will overtake you in three
or four minutes.”

  “Why does Long Rifle stay behind?” asked Spotted
Tail.

  “To put out our fire and make a false trail,” said the
scout.

  But he had another and nobler purpose. While feeling
that danger was creeping up, he could not go off and
leave the other party, strangers though they were, with
death creeping up 'to surprise them.

  The moment Dave rode on, followed by Spotted Tail
and Dove Eye, the scout turned toward the other camp.

  The animal, for a wonder, seemed adverse to go. It
seemed to feel that peril was close at hand, and obstin-
ately tried to turn in the direction that the others
were going.

  Buffalo Bill, angry at its perverseness, drove his spurs
deep in the flanks of the noble animal, and it bounded
swiftly toward the camp of the strangers.

  Almost at the same instant the scout was made aware
of the danger which the animal strove to keep him out
of, for as it bounded on, it nearly leaped over an Indian
who was creeping along in the grass, and Bill saw not
only this, but a dozen more to his right and left, and
8

THE BUFFALO BiLL STGRIE3

knew then that a large .band was surrounding the camp
of the sleepers.

  To think and to act were with him one and the same
thing. To insure the safety of Dove Eye, Spotted Tail,
and Dave Estes, he would ride in an opposite direction
from that taken by them, dash through the camp of the
sleeping strangers, wake them to resistance, and make
good his own escape up the river, or by crossing it.

   With a wild yell of warning, firing right and left with
his revolver, and sending two red men to their last
sleep, he drove madly through the camp of Captain Boyd.

  As he wtnt, he shouted:

  “Up and to arms! The reds are all around you 1”

  The next he was aware that another horse was close
behind his, and as he dashed forward over another line
of Indians, all now yelling and firing, he turned and saw
that the Indian girl, Dove Eye, had followed him, and
was close by his side.

  “Ride, girl—ride as you never rode before!” he
shouted.

  At the same instant he saw a dark mass of horsemen
directly in his front, and by the spears bristling in the air
he knew that the main body of mounted Indians were be-
fore him.

  “Turn—turn and follow t” he cried to Dove Eye, and
he wheeled Powder. Face directly to his left into the thick
willows which fringed the river bank.

  Dove Eye turned as quickly as he did, and the two
went crashing through the brush, and in a few seconds
both horses were in the stream swimming for the other
shore.

  Meantime a terrible fire from the breech-loading guns
of the white party told that they had been aroused in
time to make a deadly resistance, and the answering yells
and rapid shots of the Indians indicated that it was a
battle—for life on the one side, for scalps apd plunder
on the other.

   The excitement favored Buffalo Bill and the Indian girl
in their only plan to get away.

   Buffalo Bill paused scarce a second after crossing. He
only took time to change his needle-gun for the Henry
rifle, which hung at the back of his saddle, so that he
could have more than one shot ready, if pursued, and said,
in a low tone, to Dove Eye:

  “Keep close to me; I shall keep under cover and fol-
low the river. If they do not strike the trail of your
father and my mate, we will join them below.’’

  “I will follow where Long Rifle leads,” said Dove
Eye.

   “Ah, what is that ?” cried Buffalo Bill, an instant later,
as a wild, peculiar shout, followed by a succession of
Indian yells, reached their ears.

   “Spotted Tail, my father, is a prisoner in the hands of
the Black Feet," said Dove Eye, mournfully. “I know his
cry,” she continued, “and I understand theirs. He turned
to look for Dove Eye, who could not help following Long
Rifle, and he has been captured. He is a big chief. He
will die by the fire.”

   “Not if I can help it,” said Buffalo Bill, as he checked
his horse.

  “You are but one. You can do nothing,” said Dove
Eye, sadly.

  “But I can't let the Black Feet have things all their

own way. Hear 'em yell. They've wiped cut or cap-
tured the party of white men, for the firing has ceased.
Girl, will you obey my wishes?”

   “Dove Eye will do all he tells her to do.”

  “Then- Dove Eye, ride while you can, swiftly down the
river, close under cover of the trees, till you reach the
great bend below. . Ride directly toward the first peak,
which you will see where the sun rises. Keep on and
stop as little as you can till you get to Fort Thompson.
There you will find a young chief, a paleface, with long
hair like mine. His name is General Custer. He has
warriors and horses, and when he is told that I am in
trouble, he will not rest till he reaches me. Now go, for
I shall stay to watch the Black Feet, and to try to save
your father.”

  The Indian girl hesitated, looked up pleadingly in his
face,, and said:

  “Do not tell Dove Eye to go away from you.”

  “Alone I can hide and watch those demons and see x
where they go and what they mean to do. Dove Eye
could not help me in this. The Black Feet shall not take
me. When Dove Eye comes back with the white war-
riors she will find talking papers in the camp we left yes-
terday, and they will give news to the long-haired gen-
eral. Go now, Dove Eye.”

  Dove Eye sighed, hut she turned her horse down the
river and in a few seconds was out of sight.

   Buffalo Bill now led his horse into the water id the edge
of the thicket, and, following the stream for several hun-
dred yards, went up against the current so as to leave no
trail. Then at a spdt where the hard, shelving rock would
receive no impression, he led the hofse out, secured him
in the thick grass near by, and stood and listened to the
noise made on the other bank of the river by the In-
dians.

  He soon became satisfied that they had several prison-
ers in hand and were looking for more. He could hear
them riding up and down the stream, and he felt sure
their search would be keen and enduring when Dove
Eye and he were not found. If her trail was taken, noth-
ing but the fleetness of her horse and its endurance could
save her, for beyond the great bend she had an open coun-
try of at least a half day’s ride to cross, where it was al-
most impossible to hide, and equally impossible to avoid
leaving a trail. As to himself, Buffalo Bill knew his peril,
but he had been too often in such scrapes to feel bad
about it.

CHAPTER VI.

RED TLUMe’s TRfifK.

  Anger fire shone in the eyes of Cindah. the Sunflower,
when the young Indian warrior, Red Plume, was seen
bringing not only her horse and his own, but another
animal, noted for spirit and speed, for the use of Kin-
catah, the one-eyed watch keeper over Cindah.

  “Hoi” cried the old witch. “The Sunflower sees how
Red Plume obeys her wishes. Look at the horse he
brings. It is neither one-eyed nor lame. Cindah may
ride, but Kincatah rides with her.”

  Cindah djd not answer as Red Plume led the horses
up, but her looks told him of her displeasure.

  “Kincatah should take her blanket. It will be cold on
the hills!” said the warrior.
THE BUFFALO 3!LL STORIES.

9

  “Red PUitre is good. He cares for the feelings of the
oU," said tl|'e hag, and she went into the lodge to get a
blanket.

  "Why did Red Plume disobey me?” asked Cindah, an:
grily, as soon as the other was gone.

  "That she might be alone in her ride with Red Plume,”
said the young Indian. You will soon see why Red
Plume brought that horse for Kincatah.”

  Kincatah came out, and Red Plume assisted her to
mount the horse which he had saddled and bridled for
her. ■

  The old hag put on a great many airs, on receiving so
much attention, and turned to Cindah, and said;

  “We are now ready; Red P)ume can wait on you.”

  At that instant Red Plume dextrously slipped one of
the broad pods of the prickly pear, full of thorns, under
the tail of the horse which Kincatah rode.

  Cindah saw the action, and as the horse darted away
with the old hag clinging to, its back and tugging help-
lessly at the bridle, she understood the intentions of Red
Plume.

  Cindah could hardly mount the horse which Red Plume
held for her, for she was watching Kincatah far off down
the valley as the horse madly rushed on, stung by tor-
ture.

  “It was good in Red Plume to get that old witch out
of my way. I hate her!”

  “Red Plume will die to serve Cindah.”

  “Red Plume is very good. But he must be careful and
not show that he cares for Cindah. Yellow Bear will
kill any one who looks on her with eyes of love, as he did
the noble White captive whom he spared so long that he
might teach Cindah how to read the speaking papers and
to write, so that she could read the news to Yellow Bear
when he captured the mailbags of the palefaces. Does
not Red Plume remember?”

  “Yes; the paletaced prisoner was killed by Yellow
Bear in his passion, because the chief found him kneeling
at the feet of the Sunflower.”

  “Yes,” said Cindah, with a sigh. “I was sorry, though
I felt no love for him. But this stranger, who writes to
me. I might love him.”

  “Why? The Sunflower has never seen him. He is
a mystery, like the sounds we hear in the forest."

  The young Indian spoke eagerly, and seemed to wait
her answer with impatience.

  “The mystery is to me a delight,” she said. “He writes
and savs he loves me. He telfs me that he has seen me
when I did not know that he was near; and he will never
be far from me; that he will watch over me if danger
should approach; that he will read my wishes and carry
them out when I least expect it. Three letters, all left
where I can find them, have reached my hand, and now I
go for the fourth. Had Kincatah ridden with us. I could
not have gotten it. But 1 know I can trust Red Pmme.
He has been my playfellow ever since I can remember.”
"He will be true to the Sunflower,” said the young In-
dian; "and though he may dare to love her, he will not
be rash, as was the paleface who lost his-life.”

  “That paleface was your friend, Red Plume.”

  “Yes, he was my friend because I loved to serve the
Sunflower. But in his hour of doon\ Red Plume cqiild
not raise a hand or speak a word to save him. The an-

ger of Yellow Bear is like that of the storm. The light-
ning comes and kills before the warning is heard. The
paleface died. He left but two friends to mourn him.
One was Cindah, the Sunflower; the other was Red
Plume.”

  “True. Halt here, Red Plume, and watch while I go
on and see if there is a speaking paper in the hollow tree.”

  While Red Plume reined in his horse as she re-
quested, the lovely girl rode' on to an old tree, blasted by
a thunderbolt years before, and dead and leafless.

  Into a small hollow, as high as she could reach, she
thrust her hand and brought out a roll of white, thin
bark.

  This she unrolled. It was full of writing, done in a
plain hand, so like that of her paleface teacher that she
could read it readily. Not only the writing, but the lan-
guage was like his, and she could have fancied that these
letters came from him, had she not seen him perish with
her own eyes.

  These letters were almost a transcript of such as he
liad written to her.

  Cindah sat motionless on her horse reading the letter,
while the young warrior watched her. It seemed strange,
too, that he, by actions and words, professing love him-
self, should be pleased when he knew that she was read-
ing of love from another.

  He was about to join her, when he heard a crashing in
the underbrush, and the next instant he saw the forms
of a score of warriors breaking through at wild speed
toward her.

  He dashed forward to throw his body between her and
peril. "The Sioux—the Sioux!”

  Armed only with a spear, the young brave dashed on,
while Cindah, apparently panic-stricken, did not even
urge her horse into action, until it was too late, for, as
she saw the lance of Red Plume broken and himself made
prisoner, she found her own horse seized by a brace Of
warriors, while a chief, by his dress and arms, rode to
her side.

  “Who is this?” he aaked, in the Shoshone tongue.
“She is dressed like the red maidens of the land, but her
skin is white and her eyes, are blue !*’

  “She is your captive Let him go!” said Cindah.
sadly, and she pointed to Red Plume, who was half
firmly between two warriors.

  “You ask for him and not for yourself? He is not
your brother. Is he your husband?"

  “No. I ask nothing for myself. I can die, and that i°
enough.”

  “You are as beautiful as the Red Rose of the Siou:-r
nation, whom we left far away on the banks of the Big
Horn. We will take you there that you may see her.”

  “I have seen her. Her name is Dove Eye. But she is
not there where you left her. I saw her last night. She
was riding on a horse, fast bound, and Yellow Bear, the
greaj chief of the Black Feet, led the horse. She was his
captive!”

  The Sioux chief looked at Cindah with a wondering
eye. She spoke earnestly, as if she really had seen the
Indian maiden.

  "The White Flower speaks strange words. Can she
say how Dove Eve looked?”

  "I can. Her long hair flowed down her baok. She
10

THE BUFFALO BILL STORIES.

swept on, but her great, black eyes flashed like fire. She
wore about her neck a string of blue beads and on her
wrists armlets of gold!”

  The Sioux warriors listened in astonishment while the
white captive thus described one whom they knew so
well.

  "The White Flower says she saw Dove Eye last
night?’’

  “Yes; the Angel of Dreams came to her with the pic-
ture in his hand. She saw it plain. But Yellow Bear has
not come home. There is his village. He claims me as
his child. But the Dream Angel says I am not.”

   The Sioux chief rode a little apart with all his warriors,
except four left to guard Cindah and Red Plume.

  From time to time they looked upon her while they
talked, but in their looks there was respect.

  After a short time the young chief, evidently a sub-
chief, out on some independent scout, rode back to the side
of Cindah. and said:

  “I am Young Beaver, and the father of Dove Eye is
my chief. If his daughter is in the hands of Yellow
Bear the White Flower and the young Black Foot chief
must go with Young Beaver and remain in his hands
till we meet Spotted Tail, our chief. We will not hurt
you—but you must go.”

  Cindah allowed the young chief to take the bridle of her
horse in his hand. Red Plume rode next to her, and
they skirted the hills and rode in the direction Wanda,
with her warriors, had taken.

  The party was too small to keep in the open valley
where it might lie discovered by a larger one, and Young
Beaver was evidently a cautious warrior.

  He rode on swiftly until night was close at hand, and
then saw before him a well-watered valley where he could
find a good camping ground.

  He halted. Seeing nothing to alarm him, the young
chief dashed swiftly down the hillside with his braves and
captives.

  Reaching the valley, they crossed at a gallop and en-
tered a grove of cotton-wood trees on the river bank.

  Young Beaver leaped from his horse and turned to
Cindah.

  As he did so yells from fully one hundred warriors
broke upon his ears, and before he and his braves had. a
chance to raise a weapon many were stricken doWn in
death, and the rest were captives.

  They had ridden right into the ambush of those who
waited for them.

CHAPTER VII.

BUFFALO BILL IN CLOSE QUARTERS.

  It was but a little while after Buffalo Bill had got Pow-
der Face stowed away in his new hiding place before it
became light enough for him to think he could make out
the movements of the Indians, if he was up in the top of
one of the trees which seemed by its height to overtop
the rest.

  Leaving his guns below, and removing his hunting-
coat and belt, he embraced the trunk of the tallest look-
ing cotton wood, and soon reached the nearest branches.

  It was darker up among the thick branches than he
thought it would be, and he was certain he could not

distinguish things on the plains very clearty, so fie iyoiild
wait and take things easy.

  Thicker grew the branches as he ascended, but that
was all the better for him. There would be less danger
of his being discovered from his lofty lookout.

  He was almost to its top when he paused to rest again.
And then he started, for he heard a strange purring noi9e
close to him, and he knew, even without seeing it, that
he was close to a panther, and that most likely her young
were with her in the same tree.

  Buffalo Bill wished then that he had at least brought his
knife an.d pistols with him.

  He looked cautiously around and soon saw two great
balls of fire, and then a lesser pair in advance of the first,
and as he kept his eyes fixed in fhat direction, he soon
saw the shape of the animals as they crouched on a limb
higher than that where he rested.

  He could hear the purring noise made by the beast, as
if to assure the young one of protection.

  If he moved, either to go higher or descend, the animal
might take it as an aggressive action and pitch upon him,
and he did not wish to risk a rough-and-tumble fight with
a panther up in a tree at least sixty or seventy feet from
the ground.

  He kept his eyes fixed on the fiery orb9 of the larger
animal arid remained motionless, waiting for daylight to
come, for he knew that such beasts, unless wounded, will
not as a general thing face a human being in the light
of day.

  Al last the animal began to get uneasy. It seemed to
desire to get between him and its cub.

  Buffalo Bill felt the limbs shake with its great weight,
as it crept on until it had passed on over the cub and was
almost up the trunk of the tree, and certainly wi'thin
twice its length of hini.

  Here it stopped, and rearing up against the trunk of the
tree, scratched against the bark with its long claws as if
it would terrify its visitor.

  Buffalo Bill was contented that it should use its claws
in that way,. as long, as they did not come in contact with
his bark. He could now see plainly the shape of his huge
antagonist, and the animal reared up at its full height on
the branch and peered from behind the tree trunk at Buf-
falo Bill.

  It was war now—but a strange war. The human eye
against that of the beast! Buffalo Bill knew well if his
glance wavered he was lost. The animal would leap
upon him in a second, if he but winked or lost the eye-
charm with which he held it.

  Thus for minutes the man and the panther stood; then
the panther drew back, very slowly, still keeping its eye
on him until an intervening branch broke the spell.

  Then with a wild scream the panther leaped off into the
braches of another tree, followed by its cab, and Buffalo
Bill, drawing a long breath, said:

  ‘‘Thank Heaven! 'Twa$ about the worst scare of my
whole life.”

  The cry of the animal, as it leaped from tree to tree,
was heard farther and farther away, and the hunter, now
satisfied that his peril was over from that source at least,
turned to see what the Indians were doing.
THE BUFFALQ BILL STORIES

11

  He gave but one earnest look at a scene almost within
rifie shot, and the;', said, quickly:

  “I'll stop that game if I die!”

CHAPTER VIII.

A DARING RESCUE.

  When, almost at the start, Spotted Tail missed Dove
Eye from his side, he halted and would not ride on,
though Dave Estes, surmising she had gone with Buffalo
Bill, declared that the scout would take good care of her.

  Spotted Tail was obstinate and would not go on without
her, and the consequence was that both were surprised
and capturQd by the Black Feet,

  On being brought back to the spot where Captain
Boyd and his party had camped, Dave was rejoiced not to
see either Buffalo Bill or Dove Eye there—neither did he
see their scalps, though every man of Boyd's party, but
the captain, had been killed and scalped.

  Boyd, Spotted Tail and Dave Estes appeared to be
their only prisoners.

  A big fire was kindled at the camp when these were
brought together, and then for the first time Dave Estes
knew into whose power he had fallen.

  A chief, past middle age, tali’, and with his right arm
bound in splinters, advanced to where Spotted Tail and
his captive companions stood.

  “Chief of the Sioux, do you know me?” asked this chief.
“Yes,” said Spotted Tail, bitterly. "I know you. You
are Yellow Bear, the thief who stole my child, my Dove
Eye, away from me in the night like a coward. But
Long Rifle broke the arm that would have slain her, and
he has carried her back safe to her people.”

  “It is a fie. She is on the plains yet and my warriors
will take her trail when the sun comes up, and she shall
be brought back to see her father die. Then she shall
be the wife of Yellow Bear.”

  “Never—you hollow-hearted cuss,” cried Dave Estes,
as careless of life as Spotted Tail himself. “She is safe
with the best man that ever scalped a red.”

  “What dog are you, to bark so loud?” said the chief,
angrily.

  “I’m a sworn brother of Buffalo Bill, whose bite is
worse than my bark,.as that arm of yours can tell.”
“Ugh! You are a brother to the paleface who took
Dove Eye from me. Good, I will make you eat fire.”
“Pile in, old cuss. I’m not afeared of fire. I’ve
scalped your sort and I> reckon I can afford to go on
that.”

  “Who are you?” asked the chief, to Captain Boyd.
nI was captain of the men whom your warriors have
killed. I am nothing now but your prisoner.”

  “A friend of Spotted Tail?’

  “No—I never saw him before.”

  “What are you doing in tfhe hunting grounds of the
red men ?”

  “Passing over them from the great waters where the
sun sets to the big sea where it rises. 1 have not warred
on the red man—why has he warred on me and mine ?”
"Because he hates the palefaces. He would sweep
(hem away as the red fire sweeps the grass from the
plains.”

  “They are as many as the leaves on th‘e trees. They
are rooted like the pines in the mountains.”

  “The red man’s hate shall blast them if they are as
the leaves on the trees. The fire of his anger shall bum
them, if they be rooted like the pines in the mountains.
Yellow Bear hates the palefaces. He has the scalps
of many on his lodge poles. He will have more. The
young brave may get ready to sing his death song as
soon as he gets to the village of Yellow Bear. He shall
go in company with Spotted Tail to the spirit land. This
other dog shall die at sunrise.”

  “All right, old rooster,” said the dauntless scout. “The
sooner I’m out of your sight the better for my eyes.
There is no love lost between us.”	x

  Yelfow Bear ordered several of his braves to plant a
stake in the open plain and to gather dry fagots so as to
have all ready for the torture.

  Meantime he had parties out in search of Buffalo Bill
and Dove Eye.

  The torture post was soon set in the ground, the wood
gathered, and just at dawn of day, Dave Estes, who had
been tightly bound from the start, was led to the spot.

  The brave little scout showed no fear, and replied to
the taunts and insults of the warriors in bitter scorn, tell-
ing them that they were squaws. He boasted of the
scalps he had taken and of the dead he had left of their
race for the wolves to feed upon. He angered them so
much that they could hardly restrain themselves from
killing him on the spot.

  Indeed, this was what the gallant young scout desired.
A sudden sllot or blow to take him quickly beyond the
power of pain, instead of the wild agony of death by
fire.

  But Yellow Bear had spoken his doom—the braves held
back their weapons.

  He was bound to the post, and the light of coming day
grew stronger and stronger. The sun would rise and
the torture would begin.

  Spotted Tail looked with pride in the face of the young
hero, while tears of pity fell from the eyes of Captain
Boyd.

  Dave paid no heed to either of these; he was thinking
and hoping that Dove Eye and Buffalo Bill were beyond
the reach of those who were about to sacrifice him.

  The warriors now formed a circle about the post and
began the dance of torture and the song of triumph. One
brave stood near the Dost, with a lighted brand in his
hand, and as the others circled around him he shook it be-
fore the face of the doomed captive.

  Brighter and brighter came the light, the red reflection
from the sun so nearly up.

  Yellow Bear now came into the circle. His face ex-
pressed his hate, and in a tone of bitterness he said:
“The dog who is a brother to Long Rifle is about to
roast in the fire which the Black Feet will kindle.”

  “I’ll burn clear and go up like the sVnt, bright and
shining,” cried the scout. “Burn away—burn away, and
don’t spend a year in talking about it.”

  “The Father of Light is rising,” said the chid, siernly.
“Let the fire drink the blood of the paleface dog."

  At that dread moment, as the brave bent down with his
lighted torch, a bullet pierced his brain, and the next sec-
ond a man mounted, leading another horse, bounded into
12

THE BUFFALO BILL STORSESc

/

the ring of yelling demons, and before a second elapsed
Dave Estes was free and upon his own horse.

  It was Buffalo Bill who was by his side, and as he
handed Dave one revolver, he used the other in the line
of red men, and as both men rode swiftly away over the

?lain they left dead warriors in their trail, the rest, like
ellow Bear, utterly astounded, did not think of firing
until both were beyond shot.

  Away sped Buffalo Bill on the matchless Powder Face,
while Dave Estes, on his own favorite Black Hawk, rode
close on his heels, with his good Spencer rifle once more
ready for work, for it had not been taken from his saddle,
and when Buffalo Bill, crossing the river, came upon the
horses fastened in the edge of the grove, he saw and se-
cured the steed of Dave to aid in his bold attempt to
save him.	v

  “Let us take down the river—it is our best chance,”
cried Dave to Buffalo Bill, as they swept beyond rifle shot
of the Black Feet.

  “Not for the world, Dave,” cried our hero. “Any
route but that. Dove Eye has gone that way to get Cus-
ter and his men to come to our help. Our horses are
good—we can lead all day and pick off the nearest at
long range. We will bear off to the northwest, and
they'll follow us, and none will take her trail.”

  “Agreed. Bill—agreed. I thought my time had come
when that black-muzzled cuss bent down to set fire to the
timber stacked around me.”

  “You were in close quarters, and if I hadn’t dropped
him so sudden and charged yelling, I doubt if I could
have got you off with a whole skin. We have had better
luck than I expected.”

  They were riding at the topmost speed of their horses,
in a directly contrary direction from that taken by Dove
Eye, and as Buffalo Bill looked back he saw the whole
band of Black Feet in pursuit.

  They had a long start, and though they slackened
their speed so as not to tire their horses, they kept far in
advance.

  Before they had ridden a dozen miles they were obliged
to change their course, for the quick eye of Buffalo Bill
detected a fresh body of mounted men, whom he sup-
posed to be Black Feet coming to join their chief.

  This alteration, of course, took him from the direct
line to the hills, hoping then in the night time to hide his
trail and elude pursuit.

  On rode the scouts, their horses yet fresh and strong,
and as they left mile after mile behind, the more scat-
tering became the line of those who pursued.

  At noon, when they halted in a stream, not more than
a dozen were in sight.

  “We’ll take it easier, Dave, from this on,” said Buf-
falo Bill. “I don't want to get too far, for I am going
to save Spotted Tail yet. We can use up these fellows at
long range, and then choose our distance from the rest
till Dove Eye brings Custer up; for I know she will—she
is lightning when she rides.”

  “All right, pard. We can take the few that follow now
without leaving this drink.’’

  “We could, but we’ll draw them a little farther, for if
any turn back we frnight lose ’em.”

  “You’re right again, Bill—always right. You’ve got

the coolest head and steadiest nerve of any man on the
plains.”

  “That will do for you to say, Dave. But come ofi^-I
want to find cover.”

  Coming to a country with here and there a clump of
rocks, they looked for cover, and soon found if.

  Behind a clump of rocks and sage brush they dis-
mounted, letting their horses nibble at some bunch grass.

  When they came within very long range there was but
few of the mounted warriors, and these came as if their
horses were tired out.

  “I wish there were twenty now, wlien we have such
good cover,” said Dave, as they drew nearer and nearer.

  “I am not greedy,” said Buffalo Bill, with one of his
quiet smiles. “We will have* more ammunition left for
the next tussle.”

  The warriors were now in easy range, but the two
scoyts, sure-of them when they chose to open fire, were
in fco hurry. They waited to see if any more would
heave in sight.

  When the first of these was within sixty or seventy
yards and tfie hindmost not more than three hundred,
Buffalo Bill quietly asked Dave if he was ready.

  "Yes—which one shall I take?” said Dave.

  “You take the nearest and I’ll drop the laziest of the
lot, the fellow in the raar. That’ll bring the rest to a
standstill, and end the job.”

  “All right,-Bill. Say the word, for I’ve got my level.”

  “Fire as you hear the click of my gun,” said the scour.

  The next instant both rifics sent their unerring bullets
forth and the two Indians singled out went from their
horses at the same instant. The re$t, as the brave scouts
expected, halted, but it was too late for their safety.

  Shot after shot, as quick as lightning, flew from the
ready rifles, and the pursuit was ended.

  Warriors lay dead upon the ground and tired horses
turned away to rest and graze, free from their cruel
riders' lash.

  “Now, Dave, we may as well look for meat for sup-
per, and then for a place to camp up toward the hills. I
don’t believe we’ll be troubled much more, if at all, to-
day, and we’ll hide our trail when we get water.”

  “That is so, pard—and there is an antelope in reach,”
said Dave, sending a ball to the heart of the animal as
it stood for an instant on a ridge.

  He rode over, and in a few minutes a hind quarter, all
he cared to carry, was hanging to his saddle, and then
Dave turned with Buffalo Bill toward the mountains.

  The scouts were determined, to gain a .point from
which with their field glasses they could scan the coun-
try below and watch the movements of the Indians and
see when the troops were on the march, for Buffalo Sill
felt confident that Dove Eye had escaped.

CHAPTER IX.

CINDAH’s MYSTERIOUS COMMUNICATION.

  It was not until her late captors were defeated and
most of them stricken down, that Cindah, the Sunflower,
knew who it was that had ambuscaded and attracted
them, or realized whether she was only changing from
one captor to another, or was once more free.

  But now she found that it was Wanda herself who
THE BUFFALO BILL STORIES.

13

headed this parly, and who had remained there to rest
while only her best mounted warriors had gone on with
Yellow Bear, who had met her in this valley.

  Wanda looked angrily at Cindah, and asked how it was
that she had been captured with Red Plume.

  Cindah, ever fearful of the wrath of this fierce woman,
answered that she had ridden a little way from the vil-
lage and was in sight of it, when these Sioux rode sud-
denly up and surrounded her. Red Plume had made a
brave resistance.

  “Where was Kincatah, the One-Eyed?’’ asked Wanda.

  “She rode with us, but she would have a high-spirited
horse, and it ran away with h'cr," said Cindah, who could
hardly restrain laughing as she remembered the way the
old hag went flying out of sight.

  “She was a fool. If her neck is broken it will be small
loss,’' said Wanda, angrily.

  “Yellow. Bear came to me empty-handed, as I said he
would, and with an arm broken. He now seeks revenge.
But he will have no success. But I will give him these
prisoners for the torture stake.”

  With a huge tree at her back, she sat and gazed into
the fire, while near her Cindah reclined on the grass.

  Red Plume stood with his eyes apparently fixed upon
the moon in the clear sky, though at times he dropped
a furtive glance upon the face of Cindah, as the firejight
fell upon her.

  At last Wanda closed her eyes, and her heavy breath-
ing told that she slept.

  Cindah drew from her bosom the roll of bark which
she had taken from the hollow tree, and with a pleased
look she read it over.

  Suddenly she started, and a cry nearly broke from her
lips, for another roll, almost like the first, dropped di-
rectly in her lap.

  Cindah looked quickly around to see if any one had
noticed this, but the only one near who appeared to be
awake was Red Plume, and he was standing with his head
turned, as if he was listening to some sound.

  Cindah looked eagerly all around her, up into the trees,
and in every direction.

  She unrolled the bark, and, evidently written in haste,
with a piece of charcoal, were these words:

  “He Who loves the Sunflower is near her now. She
may sleep in peace, for he will watch over her safety.
Dreams will hover about her and give her bright visions.”

  “Near me now?’ she murmured. "Where can be be?
And who? In what shape can I see himi? A spirit can-
not write afld leave these signs. Oh, that I might see
him I”

  A sigh reached her ears. From whence she knew not.
But she knew she heard it.

  She looked up into the shadowy trees, she looked on
the sleeping forms about her, at Red Plume standing
silent and immovable as a statue. It could not be he.
He could not write or use the language found in her
letters.

  '‘I will try to sleep. Maybe the Spirit of Dreams
will help me,” she murmured; “and I will ask the Spirit
to show him to me, so I may remember him if he comes
before my waking eyes.”

  Then she lay down on a blanket which Red Plume had
spread for her, and soon she slept.

CHAPTER X.

A PALEFACE RECOGNIZED.

 Before day dawned Wanda, the Black Feet queen, had
 her warriors astir, for the distant sound of guns had
 reached her ears, and she knew that Yellow Bear had met

 enemies.

 At the first gleam of light sufficient to show a trail, she
 moved on at the head of her band, bidding Red Plume
 attend Cindah, the Sunflower, who rode farther back in
 the line.

 A special guard was placed over the Sioux prisoners,
 whom Wanda designed as a surprise to Yellow Bear.

 "Did Cindah, the Sunflower, see the blessed Spirit of
 Dreams last night?” asked Red Flume.

 “Yes,” said the girl.

 “Is it right that Red Plume should hear wliat the
 Dream Spirit told her?1'

 “The Dream Spirit came to me as a young paleface,
 with dark eyes and long, flowing hair as black as night
 itself. He held a roll of white bark in his hand, and on
 it was written: ‘I love Cindah, the White Rose of the
 Prairie.’ ”

 “A paleface? Is Cindah sure that his fVce was white?’'
 asked Red Plume, with a sad, disappointed look.

 “Yes; he was young, and his voice was low, like that
 of the ringdove.”

 “The Dream Spirit is a lieJ” murmured the young
 brave, in a tone too low for her to understand what he
 said.

But she saw that his face looked dark and troubled, and

 she said:

 “Is not Red Plume, the good friend fii Cindah, as
 well?”

“Yes. But a cloud is on his spirit. He, too, has had

 a dream.”

“Will not Red Plume tell his dream to Cindah?”

 The young warrior was about to reply, when there was
 a sudden commotion in the line and Wanda put the
 whole column forward at its greatest speed.

 The other band, under Yellow Bear, were seen scat-
 tered over the plains as if in flight, and the daring queen,
 thinking that the chief had been attacked by superior
 numbers, hurried on to his assistance.

 Red Plume and Cindah had no further chance to
 speak.

 Then Wanda met Yellow Bear, who'had remained with
 a chosen band of warriors while the rest of his braves
 had dashed away in pursuit of the two scouts.

 Yellow Bear had his two prisoners with him.

 When Wanda rode up and met her chief, she glanced
 at Spotted Tail and at the captive, Boyd, and asked:

"Are these all the prisoners Yellow Bear has taken?” **

 “All,” said the chief: "Yet the belts of his warriors
 bear the scalps of many palefaces.”

 "Where is Dove Eye?” asked the queen.

 "She is not here? Dove Eye, and Long Rifle, and
 another paleface are yet on the plains. But my warriors
 are on their trail. They will be mine before the sun goes
 down.”

 A smile of derision passed over her face, and Wanda
 was about to speak, when a cry from the lips of Cindah
 attracted the attention of all.
14*	THE BUFFALO BILL STORIES.

  “Who—who Is this ?” she cried, as she rode up to Cap-
tain Boyd and looked earnestly in his face.

  "A paleface doomed to the torture-stake,” said Yellow
Bear, sternly.

  "No, no, he must not die! He is the Dream Spirit
whom I saw last night!” she cried.. j

  Had she seen the blabk, bitter Iook of hatred cast on
that young, fair face by Red Plume, Cindah would have
trembled.

  “Cindah is a child. She dreams too much. Why is
she not at home in the village of Yellow Bear?” asked
the chief.

  "She and Red Plume were captured in sight of your
lodge by the Sioux. Wanda rescued them, and she holds
Sioux captives as a present for her chief,” said the
queen.

  At a signal from the woman the prisoners were brought
into the'presence of Yellow Bear.

  Spotted Tail recognized Young Beaver, and asked him
why he had let a woman become his captor.

  “Because Young Beaver was blind and fell into a trap,”
said the young chief, bitterly. “The Great Spirit has
willed that he should die with his chief.”

  “The will of the Great Spirit shall be done; and it is
not for us to weep over it,” said Spotted Tail, calmly.
“We can teach the Black Feet how Sioux warriors can
die.”

  Yellow Bear now ordered the column to move to a
camping-ground, where he would wait for his warriors,
who were out in pursuit of the fugitives. Seeing that
Cindah looked with strange longing on the face of the
young captain, whom she persisted in calling the “Dream
Spirit,” he bade Wanda to keep her close under her own
eye and apart from all byt Red Plume.

  At noon the entire party was in camp on the banks of
the river.	••

  Here Yellow Bear waited for his scattered warriors to
ntfly, sending upr smoke after smoke to show where he
was.

  Spotted Tail looked grimly on while these smokes
ascended, for he knew they would serve as signals to
rally his warriors, too.

  I f Dove Eye had escaped, she would carry the news of
his capture to those who would rescue him or perish in
the trial.

CHAPTER XI.

THE PURSUIT OP DOVE EVE-

  When Dove Eye rode away from Buffalo Bill, to whom
unasked she had giveo her heart, she did not dread her
per::. When she <thoi%^t that the scout's safety would
depend entirely oil her success in carrying help to him
and those whom he was determined to rescue—her father
an^ thi Little Brave—she nerved herself to hasten to
carry out his wishes.

  While darkness shielded her, keeping close under cover
of the trees lining the bank of the river, she rode as
swiftly as her horse would go.

  She rode thus for miles before she came to the great
bend in the stream, of which Buffalo Bill had spoken.

  It was not yet daylight when she reached this spot,
and she hastened to cross before the. light should enable
any one to discover her.

   She crossed safely, and while the rosy light of the
coming day allowed the peaks, of which the scout had
spoken, to stand out boldly to her sight as a guide, she
also felt that her danger was just beginning.

   Heading directly for the distant peak, the brave girl
gave her horse his -rein, for she knew that every mile
gained at this point would be the most important of all.

   She rode for an hour before she dared to look back,
and then it was on the crest of a knoll, that she glanced
over her shoulder to see if she was pursued.

  One eager look, and she knew that men were on her
track. They were very far. in the rear, but she could
make out horsemen scattered along the plain.

   She let her noble steed rest for a few minutes, for she
knew that a long, cruel race was begun.

   On over a treeless plain—on the brave girl rode, paus-
ing not until a small lake came in sight.

   Here for fully ten minutes she rested to let her horse
drink from the cool water and lave his tired limbs.

   Her pursuers gained while she thus halted, until she
could count them easily. Only six were now in sight, but
these seemed well mounted.

   With her horse rested and refreshed, she again started
forward; the wisdom of her act became at once apparent.

   Her horse had gained renewed vigor and her pursuers
were almost out of sight.

   Now, with all the cool thought and courage that would
have done credit to a warrior, she gave her horse its will.
«She would reach the range of her own people, or the
fort where the white soldiers lived; and then, if her pur-
suers still followed her trail, their scalps should hang at
her belt.

   Once in a long while she looked back, and she became
aware that her pursuers yet followed, though they, too,
must have halted at the lake to refresh their animals.

   But she still dashed forward, now urging her horse to
do its best on a level stretch, then letting it breathe as it
came to an ascent, confident that by management she
could keep going until night, with its friendly shadows,
would help her elude those who so persistently followed.

   At last Dove Eye felt that her horse was weakening.
When he reached an ascent, and she allowed him to
slacken his speed for rest, she could feel his limbs trem-
bling even while he walked.

   Ajid yet her pursuers, six still in number, were in sight
and closer than they had been from the start.

   She lashed her horse now to its last efforts; far ahead
she saw trees, and if she could gain the forest she might
elude those who were in chase.

   Her pursuers, near enough to see her almost frantic
exertions, now seemed as determined to prevent her suc-
cess.

   Their shrill yells reached her ears, and though she
knew no fear of death, her heart was maddened at the
thought of failure.

   Her noble horse seemed to feel all that she felt. It
leaped madly on, even though every leap seemed but a
staggering bound which would be its last.

   On—only a mile more and she ^ould be under cover of.
the wild-wood. Her horse, though black as jet in its
native hue, was now white with foaming sweat.

   A few hundred yards, more, and the girl would reach
the forest shades.
THE BUFFALO BILL STORIES.

  While in reach of the deadly rifle shot, the brave horse
made one fearful leap and fell—a ball had reached its
vitals.

  Yell after yell of triumph broke from the pursuers’
fiendish lips;

  The heroic girl was on her feet as her horse fell head-
long, and, with her father’s rifle in her hand, she turned
to face her foes.

CHAPTER XII.

THE SCOUTS SEPARATE.

  When Buffalo Bill and Dave Estes reached the hills
which overlooked Wind River Valley, leaving no trail
for some miles, because they rode up in the bed of a small
stream, they had a fair chance to inspect the country
below.

  Through a powerful field-glass Buffalo Bill could dis-
tinctly make out the encampment of Yellow Bear, and
see that lie intended to remain there at least over night,
for his hunters were seen killing and dressing game in
the vicinity of the camp.

  “I do believe the old cuss thinks his braves will find us
and take us or our scalps,” said Dave. “He wouldn't
wait if it wasn’t for that, when he must know the Sioux
will rally to rescue their chief.”

  “He is waiting as much for Dove Eye as for us,” said
the older scout. “He has been smitten by her beauty,
and it is hard for him to lose her. I hope she has got off
safely. I; shall not feel easy till I know she has. If she
is captured, farewell to anv hope for Spotted Tail. Yel-
low Bear would burn him before the Sioux could strike a
blow to save huh.”

  ‘?How are we to find out whether she has got through
all right or not?”

  “We will know, if we see the troops coming, quick
enough. But I doubt whether she knows the country. If
she has been chased out of the line of peaks which mark
Fort Thompson, she'll never find Custer. I feel very un-
easy ahout.it,”

  '^So do I,” said Dave.

  “Uneasy enough to go and look for her trail and to
follow it up?” asked.Bill, in a careless tone, but with an
earnest look in his eyes.

  “And leave you here alone in the hills?”

  “I'm better able to take care of myself alone than she
ist” said Buffalo Bill.

  ‘^That’s true as preachin’. But how can I find her
trail?”

  “Easy, if she crossed the river at the Great Bend and
steered due east for Brown’s Peak, as I told her to.
There is a good mark to find it bv. Her horse, I notjced
when I rescued her from Yellow Bear, was shod before—
it had been shod behind, but the shoes were off.”

  “An Indian horse shod?”

  “The Indian horse, I reckon, had been stolen from
some emigrant train, for I saw a white man’s brand on
the haunch.”

  “That accounts for the shoes, then. But what will you
do if I go and try to take her trail ?”

  “Wait hereabouts, and watch them down there. If
they move—I'll move, and if I see a rocket at night, or
three quick black smokes in the day. I’ll know where you
are and answer you.”

15

  "Bill, I’ve half i mind (o go when mgfit sets ih.’r
  “Go—Dave—go, and I’ll feel the easier for it.”

  “You’ll not run any extra risk and lose your hair?”
“Dave, how often must I tell you that I’ve done run-
ning any risks I can help!”

  “Done running risks! That’s rich!—when you faced a
hundred deaths to get me clear this morning!”

  “Well, Dave, my boy, I couldn't help it, for I know
you would have done that for me.”

  “Yes, I would. Bill!” said Dave, earnestly. “I never
could go back, and face your wife, if I had left your bones
on the plains!”

  “I hope you’ll have no occasion to, Dave. But, come,
while your horse is filling up on bunch grass, we may as
well have some of that antelope over the fire. You’ll need
all your strength to-night and to-morrow. You must
get far out of sight of any of the red scouts before day.”
“That’s so, if it is decided that I go.”

  “Of course it is.”

  Dave said no more, but at once went to slicing up
some antelope steaks, while Buffalo Bill made a fire in a
little hollow, out of small dry sticks, which blazed up
strong and hot, without emitting any smoke.

  In a little while the scouts had a good, hearty meal
ready, and they enjoyed it.

  Meantime, the horses luxuriated on the tender grass
which skirted the stream.

  After eating, the two men looked very carefully to their
arms, inspected the amount of ammunition on hand, and
planned signal marks, which Buffalo Bill would leave, if
the Indians changed base and he had to follow them.

  The moment night set in, Dave Estes mounted his
horse, and, shaking Buffalo Bill’s hand warmly, rode
away, taking his course bv the evening star.

  Buffalo Bill was now alone. For a time he stood with
folded arms, listening to the sound made by the horse of
Dave Estes as the latter rode down by the brook; then,
when that sound died away, he looked down at the
twinkling lights made by the Indian camp-fires.

  “I’ve a good mind to give them an. almighty scare be-
tween now and davlight!” he muttered to himself.

  Then, on second thought, he added:

  “It is better not. It might make Yellow Bear hurrv
up to get rid of Spotted Tail and that yourtgster Bovd.”
Powder Face now left the grass and came up where
Bill was standing.

  “How is it, old nag? All safe around here?” asked the
scout, as if the horse could really understand the ques-
tion.

  The animal lay down close td where he stood.

  “Tired and sleepy, and all is safe!” said his master,
patting the faithful horse, and then he unrolled the
blanket from the rear of the saddle, and, wrapping him-
self in it, he lay down with his head upon the side of the
horse, knowing that, being as sensitive to sound as the
best watch-dqg, the animal would start at the slightest
alarm, and arouse him should his slumber be heavy.

CHAPTER XIIi:

THE TIGER OP THE COMANCHES.

  Never more fiercely did a tigress turn at bay than did
Dove Eye, when, her faithful horse shot down, shfe found
her hope of escape cut off.
I'6\	THE BUFFALO

  ___

  With’ t!ie IoaHecf rifle In her hand, she stood a secopd
while six Black Foot fiends came yelling on; then she
shot the foremost dead, with a ball sent fairly through his
heart.

  The girl had no time to reload the rifle, for the other
five came charging on; but the horse of the warrior whom
she had killed, now lightened of his weight, gained on the
others, and, as it neared her, she caught the loose and
flying rein, and in an instant more had bounded to its
back.

  But the animal swerved as it approached her faithful
steed, and a ball from one of the pursuing braves struck
it in the side, and a second time the noble girl was un-
horsed.

  Clubbing the empty rifle, she turned to battle to the last
without a thought of surrender, and the Black Feet were
close upon her, when out from among the forest trees
came the pealing yells of other Indians; and while the
Black Feet drew in their horses close in front of her, a
cloud of arrows hurled through the air on either side,
and the astonished girl saw the Black Feet melt down in
the agonies of death.

  She knew at a glance that those were not Sioux war-
rior's who rode out to scalp her enemies, whom they had
just slain.

  The bright serapes, the long bows and longer lances,
told her that they were either Comanches from the far
south on one of their far-extended forays, or else the
savage Apaches.

  A score of painted, yelling fiends dashed forward and
tore the scalps from the heads of the slain, while as
many more surrounded her, asking questions in a tongue
she could not understand.

  She faced them all fearlessly, for her heart was strong
to its bravest tension; and when one, a large and hideous
wretch, laid his hand upon her shoulder, she hurled him
back with an indignant action which brought cries of
applause from the rest, while it so angered him that he
drew a knife from its belt and raised it to strike.

  At the same instant a young warrior, with a plume on
His head, caught the arm of the savage, and, wrenching
his knife from him, threw it far out on the plain.

  “Do you speak in the tongue of the palefaces of the
North ?’’ asked the young chief.

  “I do,” she answered.

  “'Who are you, and of what tribe?” he asked.

  “I am Dove Eye, the daughter of Spotted Tail, the
chief of the Big Horn Sioux.”

  “The Red Rose of the tribe. Klamat, the Tiger of the
Comanches, has heard of you.”

  “Are you Klamat ?” she asked.

  • ‘That is my name,” he answered, drawing up his tall
form proudly.

  “Then you are a great brave. You will not make war
on a woman ?”

  “No. Dove Eye is very beautiful—more beautiful than
any maiden in the land of the Comanches. Klamat will
make her his wife.”

  “No. It cannot be. Dove Eye has given her heart to
another.”

  “Dove Eye will change her mind,” said the Comanche,
calmly. “He will not ask her to hurry. He will give her
time to think.”

BULL STORIES.

  “Dove Eye has .something else to think of. Her father
is a prisoner in the hands of the cruel Black Feet. Dove
Eye escaped from them this morning,-and was on her
way to get help to rescue him.”

  “Yes, Klamat saw the deed of Dove Eye. And he
said, ‘Now have mine eyes looked upon a woman fit to be ■
the wife of a great chief.’ ”

  “Dove Eye cares not for life, if her father perishes.”
  “Where are they now ?”

  “In the great gap of the big mountain.”

  “Klamat will go there, and he will take Spotted Tail
out of the hands of his enemies. Then he will bring her
father to Dove Eye, and he will say I have done a good
deed for you—then Dove Eye will be my wife.”

  Dove Eye made no answeT.

  Klamat interpreted hef silence in his favor, and he
said:

  “An hour’s ride from here, in the timber, we have a
camp made strong as the palefaces make theirs. To that
camp Dove Eye will be taken. Klamat will take all his
warriors and find the Black Feet, and bring Spotted Tail
away from them.”

  She could not ask for any further favor. She asked
that she might ride back with him, for she. thought if she
could do no more, she might rejoin Buffalo Bill.

  Klamat said:

  '“No. The Comanches will ride fast. EX>ve Eye is al-
ready tired. She looks like a flower that wilts and is
ready to perish. She must go to the camp of Klamat.”

  She bowed her head, and when a horse was brought
for her to ride, she mounted it. Handing Klamat the
rifle of her father, she said:

  “If the Comanche chief sees Spotted Tail, tell him there
is his rifle. Dove Eye killed one enemy while she car-
ried it.”

CHAPTER XIV.

"halt! who comes there?"

  It was a strange night. There were no storm-omens,
yet every little while a mass of black, broken clouds
would pitch up from the west and come rolling far up
in the sky, as if driven by a gale; though down where
Buffalo Bill lay there was no wind, and far down in the
valley he could see that the fires burned steady.

  Buffalo Bill, tired as he was, lay a long time thinking
about Dave and Dove Eye, but at last he fell asleep.

He was wakened by the uneasy action of Powder Face.
The animal indicated that it had heard suspicious
sounds, and Buffalo Bill felt confident that the danger,
whatever it was, was very near. The animal did not
make the slightest motion, but lay still.

  Then Buffalo Bill heard sounds—very light, but dis-t
tinct. It was plainly the sound of one or more persons
coming up the hill among the tangled patches of sage-
brush.

  Neither horse nor man moved, for Buffalo Bill thought
that the Indians were thus scouting the hills on foot to
find him.

  Nearer and nearer the scout heard them come.

  He cocked his rifle, for he believed he would have to
use it.

  “Hark!” said some one in good English. “That was a
strange noise!"
THE BUFFALO BILL STORIES.

17

  "A stick broke!” said another voice, low and soft—
 plainly the voice of a woman.

  “It cannot be Dave, with Dove Eye—surely!” said the
 scout, mentally.

  Whoever it was, they remained silent, evidently listen-
 ing for a minute or more.

  Then they moved on, and in another minute would be
 fairly upon him, when the scout, in a low, stern tone,
 cried out:

 / “Halt! who comes there?”

  “Friend to any one not leagued with the savages.”

  “Ah, is it you, Captain Boyd ? Advance,” said Buffalo
 Bill, in his natural voice. “Who is with you?”

  “An angel, I believe; one who lias been a saving angel
 to me, for she cut the thong that bound me about two
 hours ago, and led me out froni among those who meant
 to roast me alive. She is white and beautiful, though
 .Yellow Bear claims her as his daughter.”

  “I have heard of a beautiful white girl among the Black
 Feet, known as the Sunflower,” said Buffalo Bill. “She
 is supposed to have been stolen from the settlement when
 young, and raised by them.”

  “I am Cindah, the Sunflower,” said the soft voice of
 the young girl, who now approached the spot where Buf-
 falo Bill stood—he and Powder Face having both risen.

  “Well, I am glad you are out of bad hands and in such
 good company, Captain Boyd,” said the scout. “But
 there’ll be a fuss down there when they know you have
 got away.”

  “Hark! They know it now,” said Cindah, anxiously.
 “We must not stop. Yellow Bear will hunt us as the
 gray wolf hunts the wounded deer.”

  Fierce yells could be heard far down the valley.

  “When daylight comes they’ll follow you easily. We
 have a few hours to get a start, and we must play cun-
 ning. Both of you walk up the brook, then enter the
 stream and come down a little way in the water, then
 out on .the other side and down to where I am.”

  Captain Boyd and Cindah obeyed without hesitation,
 and when they were once more by the side of Buffalo Bill
 they had gone nearly a quarter o£ a mile in distance.

  “Now follow me; don’t step out of the water after you
 enter it,” said the scout.

  And leading Powder Face, he started toward the plains.
 Going ahead of the horse, and followed by Boyd and
 Cindah, the scout went directly up the brook in the swift
 current.

  Whenever they paused they could hear the noise of the
 excited Black Feet on the search far below.

  As they ascended the stream the gorge through which
 it came narrowed, and the banks rose high on either side,
 and it became very difficult to proceed.

  At last the glimmer of coming day began to show. A
 ■waterfall, which Powder Face could not pass, tumbled
 down from a lofty ledge.

  “It seems to me as if we were in a trap,” said Captain
 Boyd.

  “We are, if our trail is discovered,” said Bill. “But
 we are in a splendid place for defense. We must wait,
 and see how things look by daylight.”

  “We will not have to wait long,” said Boyd.

  In a short time sufficient light came to the scout to see

 on his right a great chasm in the cliff where the water
 at some high flood had swept out huge portions of rock.

  “We've a good resting-place in there,” said Buffalo
 Bill. “A better hiding-place could not be chosen.”

  He at once led Powder Face into this great hall, and,
 tearing some grass from the roots in the water’s edge, he
 threw it down for the animal to eat.

  He now had time to take a fair look at Cindah, the
Sunflower.

  “Girl, you are beautiful!” he exclaimed, in astonish-
 ment, as his eyes wandered over her lovely face and
 form.

  “Oh, if the Dream Spirit will but think so!” she mur-
 mured, looking at Captain Boyd.

  “What does she mean by the Dream Spirit?” asked
Buffalo Bill.

  “That appears to be the name she has given me!” said
 Boyd.

  “You are he who came to me in my dream; he to whom
I have given my heart,” cried Cindah. “You are he
whom I have led - away from death, that you may be
mine,” and the lovely creature threw her arm about the
captain’s neck.	„

  He seemed as much embarrassed as a schoolboy get-
ting hugged before all the school, but she did not no-
tice it.

  “A pretty clear case of love at first sight,” murmured
 Buffalo Bill, “and, as it stands, rather useful, since it has
 gotten its object out of rather a tight place.

  “If you and the Sunflower will remain here quiet and
 look out for Powder Face,” he added, “I will go up
 above and reconnoitre.

  “I will leave both my needle-gun and rifle!” said the
 scout. “They will only be in my way in climbing.”

  “I will take care of the weapons, and use them if neces-
 sary,” said Boyd.

CHAPTER XV.

THE COMANCHES' CAPTIVE.

  When Dave Estes left Buffalo Bill he kept down the
stream until he reached the plain. Then, knowing that
this was the line the scout had told Dove Eye to follow,
Dave rode for the peak at a fair speed.

  When day dawned Dave had left the timber on Wind
River out of sight.

  He rode on, but for a long time found no tracks. But
 at last he found some quite fresh. The horses were un-
 shod, and they were in column, heading to the west.

  “She must have met some of her tribe and returned,”
 he said, as he examined the track carefully.

  Dave went on a half-mile, and found a place where the
 column had halted, and, in a sandy spot, he found other
 tracks. These were of the horses going east, and one
 track was plainly that of a horse shod as Buffalo Bill
 had fold him the horse Dove Eye rode was shod.

  “I’ll never leave this track till I find the girl or horse!”
 said Dave.

  Nearer and nearer he came to the timber ahe^d. The
day was well advanced when Dave saw several dark ob-
jects ahead of him.

  He halted, took out his glass, and soon made out that
 men and horses, apparently dead, were scattered here and
 there.
16'

THE BUFFALO BILL STORIES.

   “Indians, if alive, wouldn’t lie about loose like that,”
 he muttered. “There has been a fight!”

   He spurred his horse to full speed, and in five minutes
 he was on the late battle-ground. He recognized the slain
 and scalped Indians to be Black Feet. He saw at once,
 by the peculiar arrows with which they had been killed,
 that it was the work of Comanches.

   But when he came to the two dead horses, killed by
 rifle balls, and one of these the shod horse of Dove Eye,
 he was puzzled again.

   The Black Feet had nearly overtaken Dove Eye, he
reasoned, and she had -shot one with her father’s rifle,
for Bill had told him she carried it. They in turn had
shot her horse, and then the Comanches had charged
from the woods and killed them.

   He found where a large body, probably fifty or sixty
 mounted warriors, had ridden off to the west, crossing
 the trail of Dove Eve and her pursuers, and heading for
 Wind RiVer Gap.

   Looking farther, he found a return trail, with only, a
 few horses, leading into the forest.

   Taking this, he soon came to proof that Dove Eye was
 with this party.

   He did not like to leave his horse, but when he came to
 a stream, he concluded he could reconnoitre best on foot,
 so he led the horse to a thicket out of sight of the main
 trail and left him.

   “I smell smoke I” he muttered. “There is a camp-fire
 close at hand,”

CHAPTER XVI.

RING-DOVE NOTES.

   The moment that he smelled the smoke Dave Estes ,
left the trail that he followed. Springing lightly over a
low clump of bushes, he crouched down and listened. •

   Soon he heard a trampling of hoofs, which satisfied
 him that he was near a corral.

   With form bant down, he crept cautiously on. He had
 not gone a hundred yards before he found feeding, with-
 out any visible guard, about thirty fine ponies—better
 stock than he had ever seen used by the Northern Indians.

   While he gazed at them, and thought how easily he
could stampede the herd, something like the sound of an
ax came to his ears.

   As the grassy spot was surrounded by dense timber,
 he could not see beyond it, but he concluded to creep
 around to the left without disturbing the animals, and'
 *aee what he could discover.

   It took him some time to get around, for the timber
 was dense and full of underbrush.

   Once around, he passed through the thicket, until he
 became convinced by the sounds that he was close upon
 an encampment.

   Concealing his rifle carefully, he ascended a tree.

   He had only ascended about half way when he looked
 down directly into a small stockade, capable of holding
 about a hundred men.

   It was built vfrhite man fashion, with posts set close to-
 gether in the ground, and a narrow gateway through
 which but one could enter at a time. A few loopholes
 commanded the trail which led to it.

   Some Indian warriors, of whom there were fifteen or
 twenty inside the stockade, were building a little shelter,

in the corner, evidently for the use of one on whom
Dave’s eyes rested with 'eager anxiety.

  That one was Dove Eye, who, seated on a pile of buf-
falo robes, seemed to take her position quite coolly.

  "She hasn’t been abused—that is one comfort,” sai^
Dave, as he looked at her. “But she mustn’t stay there
to risk it.”

  He now looked at all the surroundings, and began to
plan out future work.

  He had no doubt that when it was finished she would
be isolated in the shed from the Indians.

  Dave looked at the pickets in that comer. They were
as thick as his thigh, and it woult^ be impossible to cut
through them.

  But where the soil was thrown up the young scout
could see that it was of a loose, sandy nature. He might
at night dig Under it with his knife and hands, and thus
approach her, if she could only be made aware of his
presence.

  He was screened among the leaves, and with a thick
background, so he felt quite secure there perched up in
the brandies, within actual pistol-shot of the Comanche#
and their captive. He was 90 near that the scent of some
buffalo meat roasting before the fire affected him1 most
unpleasantly, for Dave was hungry. But to attract her
notice must be his first thought.

  Dave now tried the coo of the ring-dove.

  Dove Eye started at the sound, listened attentively, and
then looked np into the trees. The bird was her favorite.

  Dave watched the Indians closely, and he saw that
none of them looked up from their work; he repeated it,
and gently shook a branch which extended toward the
stockade.

  Dove Eye saw the branch move, and her eyes became at
once riveted on the tree.

  Now Dave crept farther along, Until he was sure she
could see his face and form, and he took the red bandana,
which he had worn loose about his neck, and held it up.

  Her form was motionless, but the fixed eyes of the
girl t-pld him that he was seen, was recognized.

  Quickly he bent his head down on the palm of hi$
hand, then put his hand over his eyes, signifying as well
as he could that when it was time to sleep he wSiuld help
her.

  She answered by bending her head forward into the
palms of her hands as if asleep.

  Dave nodded, and then he drew back, to watch and

wait.

  He now looked around him at every point, so as to
familiarize himself with every bit of ground over which
he must pass in approaching the stockade, and in getting
awav from it, if he succeeded in releasing Dove Eye.

  The Indians had now roofed over the little cabin.

  The head brave examined the work, and approachcd
Dove Eye, and by signs gave her to understand that she
was to lod?e there, thus proving to Dave that she did not
understand their language.

  Dove Eye pointed to the meat, roasting by the fire, and
to her mouth, then reclined her head upon her hand and
closed her eyes.

  She would eat her supper and then go into the lodge to
sleep,	, .v	.

  The Comanches assented, and one of them cut sev-
THE BUFFALO BILL STORIES

eral slices of the roast meat from the piece before the
fire, ai-.d gave it to her.

  Dove Eye reached out her hand for his knife to use in
cuttirig it, and the brave handed it to her without hesita-
tion.

  Dave watched her as she ate slowly; he saw that she
did not give the brave his knife again.

  “Sharp—sharp as a new jack-knife in everything!”
muttered Dave, full of admiration.

  Night was not far off, and Dave got cautiously down
from the tree.

  He could hear the Indians as some went out to look
after the ponies, go and return.

  He crept closer to the corner where Dove Eye lay in
her cabin, and gave out the quick, sharp chirp of the
cricket.

  It was answered in a moment. His heart beat fast.
He was now within an arm’s length of the Indian maiden,
and only the pickets kept them apart.

  With excessive caution, he began to dig a tunnel under
the pickets.

  When he paused to listen, he became satisfied that
Dove Eye was doing the same thing from the inside.

  Dave saw, to his great uneasiness, that a guard was
set, and that several times he approached the little lodge
where Dove Eye lay, to listen.

  Dove Eye seemed to be fully aware of this, for at such
times she snored like a low-pressure steamboat, much to
the amusement of the scout, though he feared her absence
would be the more quickly discovered from this.

  He worked away manfully, and had got a cavity under
the posts dug, and he expected soon to have it large
enough, when a new peril approached.

CHAPTER XVII.

CINDAH ACTS AS COOK.

  Buffalo Bill, having left a good supply of grass before
Powder Face, cautioned B°yd to remain quiet in the
hiding-place. There was no need to caution Cindah, for
she was bound in her infatuation to remain where her
“Dream Spirit” was.

  The scout hurried forward to a point from which he
Could look down into the valley.

  He saw, as far as his eye could reach, scattered parties
of Indians, apparently in search of their fugitives.

  What seemed singular to him was that there seemed to
be a great accession in the numbers of the Indians, as if
all the Black Feet in the nation .were coming to answer
the signals of Yellow Bear.

  But suddenly this was accounted for. He saw the scat-
tered parties in the east riding westward with great rapid-
ity—he saw, by wreaths of smoke here and there in the
distance, that they were not all Black Feet that were fn
sight—that the Sioux, most likely, had come to answer
the signal smokes of Spotted Tail.

'“It is dog eat dog—let them fight it out 1” he said.

  With his glass he swept far and near, hoping to recog-
nize Dave Estes.

  Feeling as if he could relish a square meal, the scout
made up his mind to have it, so he returned toward the
hiding-place where his horse and Boyd kept company
with the Sunflower.

  Near the edge of the cliff Buffalo Bill gathered a bun-
dle of dry sticks with which to make a fire.

  “All comfortable her^ ?” asked the scout, as he entered
the cave, threw down his bundle of wood, and unfastened
some meat from the strap which held it to his saddle.

  "Yes, thank you. Have you any news from our anx-
ious friends in the valley?” replied Boyd.

  “Nothing that can serve us just now. They seem
pretty busy there at present. I will take another look
at them by and by. At present I propose to have some
breakfast.”

  “Cindah knows how to cook, she will prepare the
meat,” said the girl.

  “Thank you, my good girl,” said the scout, kindly.
“If you would rather do it than not, you may.”

  Cindah took the forked sticks which the hunter had
provided, and soon had the meat in position, and then,
while Buffalo Bill was relating to Boyd his belief that
the Sioux had come in contact with the Black Feet be-
low, she stood and listened.*-

  She stood listening, when the sound of a stone drop-
ping from the ledge at the mouth of the cave drew her
quick eye in that direction. At the same instant, hear-
ing the sound, Buffalo Bill darted a glance where she
did.

  His hand flew to his pistol belt, for there stood an
armed Indian warrior, almost within a spear’s length.

CHAPTER XVIBI.

THE ESCAPE.

  When it was discovered that the prisoner, the young
paleface, had escaped, though he had lain bound hand
and foot close to the shelter of branches made for Yet-
low Bear and his family, there was a. tremendous excite-
ment in the camp of the Black Feet.

  The alarm was given loudly, and parties of braves
were sent in every direction.

  The discovery was made by the sentinel, who had been
directed to patrol the camp.

  Yellow Bear, excited to frenzy by the escape of one
whom he intended to torture, drove his hatchet into the
brain of the luckless sentinel without waiting to ask
how the escape occurred.

  A moment later, the voice of a young brave was
heard, shouting:

  “Cindah, the Sunflower, slept near Wanda, the Queen!
She is not there now! Where has she gone?”

  It was Red Plume who spoke.

  Then he remembered that the fair .girl had said the
paleface should not die—that he was the bright spirit
of her dreams, and in an instant he comprehended how
the bonds of the pale face had been severed.

  “Cindah. the Sunflower?”

  Warriors shouted her name on every side, but there
was no answer.

  “She has gone with the paleface,” said Wanda, bit-
terly.

  “She has turned on the hand that fed her. Like all
of the bad blood, she has been a she-wolf to steal away
from those who raised her! When they are taken, let
her burn by his sidei” y-
20

THE BUFFALO BILL STORIES.

 Yello'fo Bear did not speak. He bowed his hfcad in
 grief.

 For he loved the girl as if she were his own child. He
 had ever called her so.

  “Let not a brave rest till she is found!" he said. “But
  let not a hair of her head be harmed. Yellow Bear has
  spoken.”

 "Yellow Bear is growing old,” said Wanda, bitterly.
 "Old and foolish. He lets his heart speak before his
 head takes thought. He is a child.”

 He stood and gazed at Spotted Tail, who sat upon
 the ground and looked at him.

 "The Sioux saw the young paleface go off,” said
 Yellow Bear.

 Spotted Tail nodded assent.

 "Did he go alone?” asked Yellow Bear.

 Spotted Tail made no answer, and the Black Feet
 chief again asked the question.

 “How, or when he went,” said Spotted Tail, firmly, "I
 have no tales to tell. Yellow Bear must look to his
 guards, and not to Spotted Tail.”

 Yellow Bear for an instant placed his hand on his
 hatchet, and he felt like ending the days of the chief then
 and there. If he did so, he would not have the joy of
 seeing him tortured.

 So he turned away and asked for Red Plume.

 No one could tell where he was. He had gone with
 the rest to look for Cindah and the fugitive paleface.

 Wanda, in her bitterness, said:

 “All this has come, because Yellow Bear was not
 content with his own squaws, but must listen to dreams,
 like a fool!”

 “Woman! Yellow Bear will not let even you call
 nim a fool!” said the chief, angrily. “You will eat your
 words or lose your tongue I’*

 “May not a woman speak the truth!” asked the squaw.

 “Wanda has spoken a lie! The Great Spirit comes
 and whispers in dreams, and he is not a fool who opens
 his ear to them. Yellow Bear does not want to quarrel
 with Wanda. He does not wish to forget she is his
 wife.”

 "He did, or he would not be here,” said Wanda,
 bound, woman-like, to have the last word.

 Yellow Bear made no reply, but turned away to see in
 person to the security of Young Beaver and the other
 captives. Having found them safe he came back to his
 own campfire, folded his blanket about his form, and
 sat down. Thus he remained until day dawned, when
 he sent all his braves and warriors, except a guard, to
 seek far and near for the fugitives.

CHAPTER XIX.'

DISCOVERED.

 ' Dave heard the sounds of something approaching
 stealthily in the bushes. He was startled, brave as he
 was, for at first he thought surely it was the tread of men
 walking lightly and carefully.

 Could it be other Indians coming to surprise these?
 Or had he been overheard or discovered, and were the
 Comanches creeping up in his rear to surprise him?

 He rose from the work so near completed, and, knife
 in hand, stood on guard. He heard the step9 coming

nearer, and he knew there was more than one making
them now.

  He glanced through the jackets, and saw that the
Comanche sentinel had heard the noise, for he, tea, stood
in a listening attitude.

  Nearer and nearer, and Dave knew that it was made
by animals.

  "The smell of that meat has drawn ’em,” he mur-
mured.

  A growl, low and snappish, told him that the large
gray wolf of the prairie was his visitor. Answering
growls also told him that a pack of them was at hand.
He had no feaf that they would attack him unless they
were hungry.

  He dared not make any noise to drive them away,
for that would at once discover his presence to those in-
side the stockade. Neither did he dare to bend down
and continue his work.

  One of the animals having come within reach of his
arm, received a severe prod from his knife, one so deep
that the blood gushed out in a torrent.

  True to their wolf nature, the other wolves instantly
sprang op the wounded animal, and, amid horrible
growls and snarls, tore it to pieces, and went to devour-
ing it.	.

  The noise woke every Indian, and as Dave peered
through the chinks in the posts, he saw them stand and
consult. They evidently feared a stampede among their
horses, and were about to come out to attack the wolves.

  To rush back through the pack of wolves, and get
speedily into the thickest of the brush, was the work of a
few seconds only, and not a second too soon; for the
Indians, with burning firebrands in their hands, rushed
out of the stockade, and while some sent a shower of
arrows after the wolves, others threw the firebrands at
them. Had Dave remained near the stockade, he would
have been discovered.

  The wolves fled in terror from the spot, and the In-
dians, seeing that their ponies were not disturbed, re-
turned.

  When all was still, Dave crept back. The warriors
were crouched about the fire, talking in low tones. One
of them went to the little lodge where Dove Eye lay
and lookd m.

  The young girl was there, and *he had so covered the
signs of her work with her'robes that the waTrior saw
nothing to excite his suspicions.

  Dave began to work, for time had been lost during this
interruption.

  Ten minutes later he touched her hand with hia. Then
for the first time he ventured a whisper:

  “Keep still, while I dig, lest I hurt vou with my

knife.” •

  She did not answer, but she ceased work.

  It was well she did. The Comanches seemed uneasy.
Again the head brave came and looked at her. She was
wrapped up in her robes in time, and he went back to his
comrades satisfied that all was right.

  Dave now worked like a beaver, and in a little while
had a hole so large that he could raise his head inside
the lodge. He was small, but he knew that she was not
so large,as he.

  "Come,” he whispered, "come.”
THE BUFFALO BILL STORIES.

21

 He drew back to the outside of the tunnel, and in a
 second after she was by his side. She had the knife of
 the Comanche brave in her hand.

 And what pleased Dave just then, even more, she had
 a large piece of meat in the other hand, which she gave
 him.

 He had fasted since the night before, and was faint
 (With hunger. But he had no time or inclination to eat
 Until at a greater distance from those Comanche braves.

 He whispered: “Follow in my trail, and be still as
 Beath.”

 When they were at the edge of the little prairie, Dave
 halted to consult with her and to decide whether it was
 besi to stampede their horses, ort to try and get away
 without noise, and on his horse get such a long start
 that they might not be overtaken.

 Half of the night was yet before them. A few whis-
 pered words and the latter plan was decided upon.

So Dave, followed by Dove Eye, crept out to where
he had left his own horse.

 Dave led him out to the trail, mounted, and bade Dove
 Eye take her seat behind him.

 Then he took the route for the open plains, whence he
 would shape a course for the fort to which Buffalo Bill
 had first directed her.

 When he felt free, he gave him the rein, and spoke out;
 “Dove Eye has had hard luck!”

“Yes,” said the girl. “Did Long Rifle send you to
help me''1

“He let me come. It was my own heart that sent
me!”

 “The Little Brave has a good heart. Dove Eye was a
 prisoner to Klamat. the Comanche!”

 "What. Klamat, the Tiger? Was he in the stockade?”
 “No—he left me there a prisoner, while he went to
 find my father. He said he would take him away from
 Yellow Bear, and then come back to make me his wife.
 But I would put this knife in my heart first. I love
 Long Rifle—I will be his wife.”

 i “Buffalo Bill, or Long Rifle, as you call him, has a
 wife already.”

“What of that? He is a great hunter, and can feed
.more wives than I have fingers on both my hands.”

 “We palefaces have a law, and one wife is all that law
 j^ill let us have.”

 "That is a fool law. Suppose there are a heap more
 Iwomen than there are men. Must all but one go with-
 out a husband?”

 Dave was puzzled, but he bravely answered:

 “Yes, of course.”

 “Dove Eye is not a paleface. She loves Long Rifle,
 and if he has one wife, or a dozen, she does not care.”
 Dave was not good at argument. No man is, that is
 in love. And Dave was in love with Dove Eye.

 ‘ Jhey had paused to listen many times before day, but
 I had heartf no sound of pursuit so far; but now when day
 ( broke, they knew, of course, that, the absence of Dove
 I Eye had been discovered.

 I "We have every bit of twenty miles’ start, and that is
 I a big thing!” said Dave, when Dove Eye suggested that
 I the Comanches would follow their trail.

[ “Two on one horse will tire him out. Dove Eye had
I better walk!” said the girl.

  “Nary time. .If there is walking to do, I’ll go afoot!"
said Dave. “My Black Hawk can carry us both and
make eighty miles a day.”

  As they were now where a barren rocky ridge stretched
out nearly in the course which they should follow, Dave
decided to leave the stream.

  They rode on a little way to a bit of timber, and now
Dave thought it safe to rest for a short time,, and to eat
some of the meat which Dove Eye had been so thought-
ful to save.

  The two dismounted from the tired horse, which at
once went to feeding.

  The roasted buffalo meat, chosen from the tenderest
part of the animal, was both tender and juicy, and
Dave, as well as Dove Eye, speedily began to lessen the
bulk.

  While they were thus engaged, Dave noticed that ni»
horse stopped feeding and turned his head with ears
pointed towatd the route over which they had coma.

  In a second the scout was on his feet. The next mo-
ment he was in the saddle, calling Dove Eye to mount
behind him, for he saw not a half a mile off the lances of
a band of warriors on his trail.

  “Save yourself, Little Brave—the horse will not carry?
both!” she cried.

  “It will carry both or none!” cried Dave, earnestly.
“Mount with me, or I dismount, and fight it out here!*

  “Little Brave has a good heart, but he is a big fool ta
risk his life for a squaw!” said Dove Eye.

  “I don’t think so,” said Dave, as Dove Eye sprang ufT
behind him.

  The next second he sped away over the ridge, as faaft
as his horse could carry the double burden.

  On rode the heroic scout, looking now only for soma
good place where he could halt, take cover, and fight?'
for life. , '

  Ahead there was a patch of trees, and if he could
gain it before his pursuers came up, Dave thought that
he could hold them in check while Dove Eye could
escape.

  On he sped, spurring his horse as he never had spurred
him before.

  But weight began to tell, and while the shelter ahead
was yet a mile off at least, he felt that, the noble horse
was beginning to lose ground.

  He did not speak, but he took one of the two revolvers
from his belt and placed it irr* the hand of Dove Eye.

  “If it comes to the worst,” he said, in a low tone, “die
with that in your hand, and don’t have a load left while
there is a Comanche before you. I’m good for a dozen
if they don’t hit me too hard.”

  Dove Eye took the weapon and looked back. The
Comanches were strung along for half a mile in a line,
and only seven or eight were very near.

  One was within almost a spear's length, and he had an
arrow drawn up in his bow.

CHAPTER XX.

NATOLAH, THE WOMAN WITH A TONGUE.

  Dove Eye knew that life for one or both depended on
her. Quick as thought she raised the pistol and fired
directly at the face of the Comanche, and he apparently
22	THE BUFFALO

at the same instant drew his arrow to the head and let
it go.

  The bullet must have been a second the quickest in its
fatal mission, for the arrow flew just above the head of
the scout, while the ball from Dove Eye's pistol pierced
the brain of the Comanche, and he fell forward on his
horse, but with a Strange tenacity, still clung to his horse
with his leg3 and arms.

  The animal sprang forward with terror as he felt the
death pressure, and in an instant was alongside of Black
Hawk, and Dave raised his pistol to dispatch the closing
enemy, as he thought him to be.

  “The Comanche is dead?” said Dove Eye.

  As she did so, Dave caught the rein of the other horse
as it flew loose near his hand, jerked the animal in close
to his, and pushed the Indian from his seat.

  This took scarce a second, and with a bound he sat
astride the other horse, calling to Dove Eye to take his
saddle on the Black Hawk.

  He turned while he was speaking, clearing his Spencer
rifle from its sling, and, without checking the horse, he
sent the next Comanche in the line to the Happy Hunt-
ing Grounds.

  “Good for the Little Brave 1” cried Dove Eye. “We
cap fight them all.”

  “But not what are ahead of us,” cried Dave, gloomily,
and he called to her to hold up. “The woods ahead are
full of reds,” he added. “We’re cut off, and our time
has co*ne.”

  Dove Eye looked in the direction in which he pointed,
and she saw fully a hundred painted warriors within a
hundred yards, mounted and ready to charge.

  One glance, and Dove Eye cried:

  “They are my people! They are Sioux 1”	' ^

  And, waving a scarf, which she tore from her waist,
she shoujted out a shrill cry, which in an instant changed
the hostile attitude of the Indians, and as they rode forth
with weapons lowered, she pointed to the Comanches,
who had halted.

  Instantly a band of Sioux warriors darted away after
the Comanches, who now turned to fly, and while they
dashed on Dove Eye, bidding the Little Brave ride close
to her and fear not, rode on to meet the others.

  Among them> sat an elderly Indian woman on a fine
horse, with handsome trappings.

  “My mother,” said Dove Eye, and she. rode up to the
woman, taking her hand.

  “Who is this paleface, and whence coftie youl” asked
the wife of Spotted Tail, for such she was.

  “He is the Little Brave. I was a prsoner in the hands
of the Comanches. He got me away. You may thank
him that I am here,” replied Dove Eye,

  “Where is Spotted Tail?”

BILL STORIES.

                                                •

  “In the hands of the Black Feet. I was on my wa]
to the great fort of the palefaces td get soldiers to hel§
Long Rifle to take him away. Long Rifle has stayed tc
watch him and save him.”

  “Are there, not enough Sioux to fight the Black Fee
and to save their chief?” asked the wife of Spotted Tail
“Must we ask the palefaces to help us?. Signals wen
seen two suns ago in the west, and I sent all the warrior:
who were in from the hunt to answer them. Then •
went to find more, and they are here.”

  “Long Rifle knows better than we do, and he bade mi
go to the fort of tljfe palefaces. The Black Feet an
many, and they fight strong,” said Dove Eye. “Le
my mother go on with the braves if she will—Dove Eyi
will do as she promised Long Rifle she would—she wil
go for the paleface soldiers.”

  “Where is Long Rifle?”

  “He is watching to save Spotted Tail, my father. Hi
sent the Little Brave to save and help me.”

  The wife of Spotted Tail called two of the sub-chief:
to her side and held a consultation.

  “Ah, look there!” cried D^ve Estes, who had been in
tently watching to see the Sioux and the Comanche:
meet in battle. “Those who followed us have beer
joined by more, and now with your own people they ridi
this way. What does it mean?”

  “I do not know. It is strange,” said Dove Eye.
Then, as a warrior rode ahead of the rest, coming
rapidly on, she cried:

  “It is my father—he is free! But where is Long
Rifle?”	.

CHAPTER XXI.

CAPTAIN BOYD MAKES A FRIEND OF RED PLUME.

  When Buffalo Bill saw the dark face of the warrior ir
the mouth of the cave, he believed him to be only the
leader of a band, for he had no thought one would dan
to face two armed men, and he raised his pistol to enc
his career.

  But, with the speed of thought, Cindah caught hij
arm.

  “Do not fire!” she cried. “It is Red Plume, my frienc
and brother?”

  “Let him shoot! Red Plume does not want to liv<
any longer!” said the young Indian, coming forward anc
throwing bow and spear on the ground. “He has foU
lowed Cindah, the Sunflower, to see her with the peoplt;
she has chosen as her friends—the people of her own
color—to ask her if she is here of her own free choice ?’’

  “Cindah is here because she wanted to come. She
could not see the brave Dream Spirit die at the torture-
post to which Yellow Bear had sworn to bind him.”
THE BUFFALO BILL STORIES

23

■Cindah pointed to Boyd as she spoke. >

'feed Plume looked also at the young paleface, and
Imturning to Cindah, aaked, in a low, earnest tone:
fHas the Sunflower given her heart to this paleface,
loin she calls the Dream Spirit?”
f'Yes, I love him,” said Cindah.
rTlien it is time for Red Plume to die!" said the young
Irrior, and he drew hie knife from its scabbard.
f'The Red Plume loves the Sunflower and must lose
r. He, too, learned to make speaking papers, for the
lite captive told him how.

"The Red Plume has made the talking papers tell his
ie for Cindah, for it was not her Dream Spirit. She
es not love the Red Plume, and he will die."

He raised his knife with the evident intention to plunge
in his breast.

Boyd caught his arm and snatched away the weapon.
"The mind of Red Plufne will be easy when he sleeps

5	last sleep,” said the Indian, sullenly.

But Boyd drew him aside and whispered some words
the ear of the Indian which seemed to have a strange
ect upon him. •

He drew back, looked earnestly in the face of the
Ring captain, then he took both of the captain’s hands
his, and said:

“Paleface brother, we will be good friends. Red
lunie will no longer grieve because the Sunflower loves
>u.”

Buffalo Bill and Cindah were astonished at this sud-
■11 change, and the scout rather doubted its honesty;
ut it was better than he expected.

“Will Red Plume now say if he came alone, or are
lcre others of his tribe on our tpail?” asked Buffalo
ill.

“Red Plume came alone. No eye but his found the
■ail of Ciiidah and the palefaces. He would let none
ee where he went when he found it, for he lay down
nd crawled like a snake. Now Red Plume will stay
fith Cindah and her friends, and help them. He does
ot want to go back to Yellow Bear. The great chief
i mad and he will kill Red Plume if he sees him."

“Is Spotted Tail yet safe?" asked Buffalo Bill.

“He will be watched till the death song is sung.”

“It must not be sung for him,” said the scout. “I
lave promised to save him, and I must.”

“'‘What is the Indian’s life to you?” asked Boyd.

“As a pledged safeguard of my word, everything. I
lad an object when I made him a promise and extracted
ine from him. Spotted Tail promised peace for his peo-
ile with ours, and I promised to see him back in safety

o	his people."

kHcrw can we get away—let alone helping him ?" asked
loyd.

  “I don't know yet, but all will come right. * I’ve been
in some hard scrapes before, but I got through all safe in
the end,” said Buffalo Bill, quietly. “When night comes
on I shall make a scout down toward the camp. I may
see some way to get the old chief out of the clutches of
his enemy.”

  “Red Plume will go and help you,” said the Indian.

  “What, and leave the Sunflower here with the pale-
face?” asked Buffalo Bill, rather surprised at this volun-
teer service.

  “Yes. Red Plume knows that the Sunflower is safe.
He is no longer a fool. He will not be jealous of the
Dream Spirit, his white brother."

  Buffalo Bill smiled, for he knew that Boyd had cun-
ningly played upon the Indian’s superstition, telling him
a secret that he was Cindah’s “Dream Spirit.” This
would make the Indian youth at once give up the girl to
one the Great Spirit had sent.

  Then Cindah said:

  “Red Plume is wise. He shall be my good brother, as
heJias always been.”

  “We may as well think of something more necessary
than dreams,” said Buffalo Bill. “The elk steaks ax«
rather overdone now, and I am hungry."

CHAPTER XXII.

THE LITTLE SCOUT’S BLOW.

  When Yellow Bear had sent away nearly all his war-
riors in search of the fugitives, and Wanda had sunk
sulkily down to rest on the couch of robes from which
she had risen, the old chief called a medicine man to
dress his broken arm.

  The medicine man was not skillful, and the wounded
chief groaned. Spotted Tail heard his captor groan and
sawth? color leave the cheek of Yellow Bear. It seemed
to give him delight.

  “Ugh!” he said. “Yellow Bear groans.”

  “Dog! Yellow Bear groans because the time goes so
slow. He wants to get all his people together, so that
they may see what a coward squaw Yellow Bear has
found; that they may hear Spotted Tail cry out when
die red fire licks up his blood.”

  “The Black Feet have not been born who will hear
Spotted Tail complain. He is now in more pain than
Yellow Bear, yet he does not whine like a sick child, as
Yellow Bear does.”

  “Wait—wait! We will see!” said Yellow Bear, who
did not wince again.

  This done, he was about to return to his temporary
lodge, when he saw a band of mounted warriors come
sweeping over the plains, in the direction of his camp.
He saw at a glance that they were strange warriors, and
24

THE BUFFAl O BILL STORIES.

he sprang upon Tiis own war steed, which stood saddled
close at hand, and dashed away.

 The next minute this band, headed by a fine-looking
 young warrior, drew rein where Spotted Tail and his
 fellow prisoners were seated.

 “Where is Spotted Tail, the father of Dove Eye, the
 Red Rose of the* Prairies ?”- asked the leader of these
 strangers.

 “I am Spotted Tail,” said the Sioux chief, gloomily.

 The stranger spoke to his followers, and one led up a
 horse, and the strange chief said:

 “Klamat, the Tiger of the Comanches, told Dove Eye
 I would set her father free.”

 Dismounting, he cut the thongs which bound the chief,
 while two warriors lifted Spotted Tail upon the led
 horse.

 “Away !’’ cried the Comanche.

 And before the astonished chief could ask a question,
 or even set Young Beaver free, the Comanches swept off.

 Spotted Tail saw, 3s they sped on, what seemed to be
 bands of his own people engaged in battle with scattered
 squads of Black Feet; but to his repeated questions the
 Comanche was deaf.

 He would only say:

 “Klamat has said to Dove Eye she shall see her father.
 He will keep his word!”

 Spotted Tail knew not whether to rejoice at this free-
 dom or not. The Sioux and the Comanches had not
 heen friends for many years, though their hunting
 grounds were so far apart that they seldom met. If
 Klamat held him as a prisoner, he might live longer
 than he .would have lived in the hands of Yellow Bear;
 but would he be permitted to go back to his tribe j

 The party came suddenly in sight of a single Coman-
 che.

 This warrior, when he met Klamat, spoke to l|im> in his
 own tongue, which Spotted Tail did not understand.

The eyed of Klamat seemed to blaze with fury when
he heard \\>hat this warrior said. He paused by a mo-
ment, then*the course of the party was changed, and they
rode forward more swiftly than ever.

 His speed, Ins looks and actions told Spotted Tail that
 he was after some enemy who was in that direction.

 He looked ferocious, like the tiger that Indian fame
 proclaimed that 'he was.

 Thus hours passed, and Spotted Tail wondered at the
 endurance of the Southern horses, which still carried
 them on.

 Ahead they' saw another band, carrying lances, like
 themselves.

 They had just come to a halt, for beyond them still
 was timber, and in it there appeared to be many mounted
 Indians.

 Klamat did not check his speed—lie did not halt; ta
 when he saw a large band of Indians coming a{ a char
 he turned to Spotted Tail and said:

 “These are braves of your tribe charging down 0
 warriors of mine. I have saved the life of Spotted Tai
 Let there be peace between our tribes.”

 “It shall be peace!” cried Spotted Tail.

 He rode forward to check the charging braves.

 “Who heads the Sioux to-day?" asked Spotted Tail a
 the sub-chief who led the chargc, as he lowered his spea
 while Klamat and his warriors, with spearheads reverse!
 joined the chief of the Sioux.

 “Natolah, the wife of Spotted Tail, the mother of Dovi
 Eye,” replied the sub-chief.

 “Where i9 Dove Eye?” eagerly asked Klamat.

 “Answer him. Where is Dove Eye, my child?” sail
 Spotted Tail.

 “With her mother. She has just come in with a pale
 face brave,” replied the sub-chief.

 “Let us ride on. I would look upon Dove Eye,” sail
 the Comanche. “Yesterday she was my prisoner, i
 told her I would take her father from the hands of hi
 enemy, and then I would make her my wife.”

 Spotted Tail made no answer, but he rode on side b
 side with Klamat, each followed by his own warrior*
 until they were in the edge of the timber, wheri Natola
 waited for her chief and husband.

 “Where is Dove Eye?” was the first question, as h
 approached his wife.

 “Here!” said the girl, who had drawn back out of ol
 servation, for she could not understand why tli
 Comanches were coming in this friendly guise.

 She stepped forward and laid her hands upon th
 mane hi the horse which her father rode.

 “Who is the paleface that is with Dove Eye?” con
 tinued the chief.

 “The Little Brave, the friend of Long Rifle, wh
 saved me from Yellow Bear, who waited to watch ove
 you till I could call up the paleface braves to help yo
 drive the Black Feet from your hunting grounds.”

 “The Little Brave is welcome in the tribe of Spotte
 Tail. He is a great warrior," said Spotted Tail.

 “Who killed the Comanches that followed Dove Eye ?
 now asked Klamat, who had just been spoken to by on
 of his braves.

 "I killed 'two and the Little Brave killed two," sai
 Dove Eye, proudly.

 Klamat seemed for an instant to struggle with angei
 Conqi:bring it, he said, as admifation of her courag
 shon'e in his eye:

 “Dove Eye is fit to be the wife of a grea't warrioi
 Klamat, now at peace with her people-^-Klamat ask
 Spotted Tail to give him Dove Eye for a wife.”
THE BUFFALO BILL STORIES.

25

 llWhat has Dove Eye to say?’’ asked the Sioux chief
 Inking anxiously on his child.

I '“Let him take a wife from among his own people,”
lid the girl.

[Klamat's eyes flashed as he said:

I	'Does Dove Eye love the paleface dog who stole her
lom his fort ?”

The Comanchc had no time to listen to the answer of
pve Eye, if she had one to make, for Dave Estes; quick
anger and quiek to act, struck him a stunning blow
ir in the face, and as he fell stunned to the earth, cried
it:

"No red cuss shall call me a dog and not feel my bite!”
The Comanches started in a body, with leveled spears
avenge the insult to their chief, while Spotted Tail
outed:

“No brave shall raise a hand, or it is war between
e tribes.”

“Spotted Tail is right. The tribes have nothing to do
ith this quarrcd,’’ &aid Klamat himself, rising from the
ound. “But,” he added, tumng fiercely on the young
out, “there is war between us. One of us must die 1”
“I’m agreed on that, and the one who dies will not be
e.” said the scout, coolly.

“Let Spotted Tail say how we' shall fight,” said the
>manche.

"You would fight as warriors fight and before all the
aves?” asked Spotted Tail.

“Yes, and before Dove Eye,” said Klamat, eagerly.
“Lot two horses be brought,” said Spotted Tail. “Then
t Klamat, the Tiger, and the Little Brave lay away ^11
capons but one—the knife which each one wears in his
It. Let them ride apart the distance an arrow can
•, and then come together as they will. Spotted Tail
is spoken.”

Klamat, whose stem face told his anger, bade one of
s warriors to see to his horse, and then he turned to
ait the time set by Spotted Tail for the duel.

CHAPTER XXIII.

GENERAL CUSTER.

A body of cavalry rode in column over the beautiful,
idulating lands which spread about the headwaters of
le Big Horn River.

The main body—a full regiment—rode in a column of
[irs, with a. small advance and rear guard, and a flank-

11	body of men not in uniform, but evidently composed
what class pi daring frontiersmen who rejoice to serve
nth the army as. scouts.

llVith this advance, accompanied by a couple of staff
peers, rode a man, with long, fair hair, whose shoulder-

straps, star-bearing, proclaimed hi* rank to be that of a
general.

  “It is time California Joe was back," said the general
to a scout near him. "He said when we made our noon
halt that he would ride ahead, look for an old camping-
ground that he knew, and rejoin «s by the middle of the
afternoon.”

  “California Joe gen’rally keeps his word, Gen’ral Cus-
ter,” said a scout. “But here comes California Joe, sir,
on a lope.”

  “.Yes; he rides fast, instead of waiting for us,” said 1
the general.

  “He has seen reds. I’ll bet high on that,” said cJheof
the officers.

  “Column, .forward! Trot!” cried General Custer; anti i
he at once went forward at a more rtpid gait.

  He soon met California Joe, a middle-aged scout,
almost too well known in the army to need a description.

  Joe was mounted on a genuine mustang, about as red
as his own -whiskers, and as rough as his own hair, j
and 'the broad rnru of his old slouch hat blew back from
over his honest face.

  “What is your hurry, Joe?” asked General Custer, as
he reined in his horse.

  “Gen’raJ,” said he, “we’re goin’ to have jest the nicest
chance to wipe out a double-handful of red varmints that
ever you did see. Oh, it’s beautiful 1 I had a good peep
at all in camp, and they never sot eyes on me 1”

  “Indians! How many, and where?” asked the general,
impatiently.

  ““Sioux—about a hundred braves, mounted and ready
for the war-path—in that timber over there to the nor'-
west.”

  “Mounted, you say? Then they are gone before now.”
  “No, sir; not mounted, but with stock to mount.”

  “You are sure they didn’t see you?”

  “I am, or some of ’em would have been after me like
wolves after a lame buffalo.”

  “Then ride forward with Little Buckshot and see
what they are doing; while I follow with the column.”
“Yes, gen’ral. Captain, will you jest let me feel the
weight of your flask one minute before I go?"

  Joe felt the weight of the flask. It was lighter when
he handed it back.

  General Custer now gave orders to his staff to pass
word back for action, and allowed the column to close up
in compact order.	^

  When near the piece of timber which Joe had pointed
out, the general halted the command, let the men dismount
to breathe their horses, and waited for the report of the
scouts.

  He had not long to wait. California Joe came riding
back even faster than he went.
26)

THE BUFFALO BILL STORIES

  Little Buckshot stated that there were nearer two hun-
dred than one hundred Indians; that there were Co-
manches as well as Sioux, and that there were women
among them.

  California Joe told the same story, and both scouts
joined in the belief that it was a war party, though it
seemed singular that they should unite when the Sioux
and Comanches had been long known to be on bad terms.

  “They’re all huddled on the farther edge of that narrow
strip of timber,” said California Joe. “They’ve got some
kind of a talk going on. We can take a bit of a circuit
to the right, and throw ourselves directly in their front.”

  “That is precisely the plan I shall adopt,” cried the
young general.

  The orders were given, and the scouts, all with him as
his own body guard, the gallant leader rode on.

  After a gallop of a mile, General Custer drew rein, for

&	strange sight met his eye.

CHAPTER XXIV.

'A DUEL ON HORSEBACK.

  The preparations for the duel between Klamat, the
Comanche Tiger, and Dave Estes were commenced. It
was the sight of this duel at its commencement which
made General Custer draw rein and halt his column on
the march.

  The sun was a little over an hour high when Spotted
Tail told the tWo intended combatants to get ready.

   “Take care of these, gal, and-if I should go under in this
fight, keep them for my sake.”

  That was what Dave said, as he took off his fringed
hunting shirt, his bullet pouch and powder horn, and his
belt, with its pistols and knife scabbard. He gave her
his rifle also to hold, and if he fell to keep. The knife
which he was about to use—a long, straight-bladed hunt-
ing-knife—required no scabbard now. But with careful
forethought, the little scout took a slender thong of buck-
skin and attached it to the buckhorn handle of the knife,
fastening the same to his wrist.

  Naked to his waist, the knotted muscles of his white
arms showing a tremendous strength for one so slight,
his broad shoulders and full chest free from all incum-
brance, with his buckskin trousers tight about His slender
waist, and loose about his strong lower limbs, the young
hero was ready to do battle with his brawny and gigan-
tic antagonist.

  The moment he had taken off his arms and hunting-
shirt Dave gave a shrill cry, which brought his trained
horse, Black Hawk, up to him on a trot.

  “Old Boy, we’ve got some lively work before us,” said
Dave, patting his horse on the hcck. “I may as well
lighten you all I can.”

  He then took off the saddle and the blanket with it
he took the girth which had bound the saddle to its J
and replaced it loosely on the horse. He took otT
bridle entirely, for his horse, like Powder Face, kneii
the pressure of its rider’s leg when and where that a
wished to turn, and by his voice when to go or stop, a
“Is the paleface ready?” said Klamat; sneeringlyi
he sat in savage pride on his horse, which was sad
and bridled as usual.

Turning to Dove Eye, Dave took her hand, and s
“Gal, if I don’t get another chance to say it—goo<

I	love you, and I’m goln’ to fight like lightnin’ to get!
snake out of your way."

  “Fight and kill him,” said Dove Eye. “Ii he kills]
131 kill kim.”

“That’s the grit,” said Dave, as he sprang on his ho
The Sioux chief pointed to two spears, with red f
on them, set in the ground about two hundred y?
in front of the spot where all the Indians had conj
gated, and nearly the same distance apart.

  “The Little Brave will take the one nearest to the j
the Comanche chief the other. When Spotted Tail w!
this lance, begin the fight.”

  “I am ready, but Klamat is not,” said Dave,
wears upon his breast a shield; mine is bare.”

  “It is the sign of my rank,” said the Comanche, a
laid his hand upon a shield bearing an emblem of
sun.

  “Bare your breast, coward, as I have done,” crie^
little scout.

  Witft a look of gloomy hatred, t^e Comanche lifted
symbol from his breast.

  “Now,” he cried, as he waved his long, glittering lc
Dave bounded to the back of his horse and rode to
spear which was set farthest east;

  He had just reached it, when he saw, to his surp
mounted troops close at hand, but he had not a momj
time to inspect them. The Sioux; chief, who did nol
the troops, gave the signal.

  With a yell the Comanche dashed forward on a d
line for Dave, while the latter, with his horse at .an;
gallop, rode on to meet the charge of-the other.

  As Dave rode, erect and easy, it seemed as if th<
manche. prone on his horse, with one hand clutching
mane, the other stretched forward with the knife poil
would have a great advantage.

  But when the horses were almost breast to breasts
black steed of the Scout, touched in the flank by hil
er’s heel9, bounded fully a yard to one aide, and D
clinging with one hand to the girth on his back, real
far over and citt a deep groove in the back of th«j
manche, who supposed himself out of readii
THE BUFFALO BILL STORIES,

27

Wildly yelling;, the Indian drew rein and turned his
ir.'c in swift pursuit of Dave.

•But. quicker than thought, the black horse, impelled by
[touch, wheeled, reared full before the flying steed of
de Conmanche, which fell back on its haunches, and
fcth horses sat with their fore-feet in the air, furiously
■king and biting each other, while the knives of the
jicrs played like vivid lightning in alternate thrust and

krhis lasted scarce a minute, yet to all who gazed it
jemed much longer. Then, all at once, a knife was seen

I	fly high up in the air, and fall "yards away from the
•mbatants.

fcove Eye trembled now for the first time. One of the
•mbatants was disarmed. If it was the Little Brave,/his
10m was sealed.

Dave was seen to touch his horse, which wheeled away
om the front of the other, then take a short circle, wav-
g his own kinfe high over his head.

Bending as he rode, he picked up the knife which he
id struck from the hand of the Comanche, checked his
)rse in its impetuous flight before Klamat, who, bleed-
g from several wounds, as did his opponent bleed, also
ood with folded arms beside the horse, which he had
> more use for, waiting for the death-blow.

Dave looked at him. as he stood there, yet fearless, and
ough he was at his mercy, he could not slay him.
ossing his knife toward the mortified chief, he cried:
“Take better care of your tools, Tiger of the Coman-
ics. Mount and try your luck again.”

“Klamat is not a dog, to accept life from a paleface!’’
outed the maddened chief, for he heard the derisive
ugh of Dove Eye. “He has made his life a shame, and
: will, throw it away.”

He snatched the knife from the ground as he said this,
id drove it to the heart of his trembling horse.

The animal, with a quiver, fell to the ground, and then,

II	as quickly, the haughty chief buried the keen, reek-
g weapon in his own breast.

He fell upon his horse, and the duel was over.

Spotted Tail and Dove Eye rushed forward to greet
e Little Brave, and then the Sioux chief saw the cav-
rv formed on the plains, as he thought, ready to charge.
“Ho! The paleface warriors from the big forts are
»on us!” he cried.

And he would have turned to either lead his band in
ittle, or fly, if there was a chance.; but the little scout
ied out:

“They are my friends, and there shall be no fight. I
ill ride to meet their chief.”

“The Little Brave is right. There shall be pe3£e, be-
mse I promised Long Rifle it should be so!” said
potted Tail.

 “But he must go to the palefaces quickly, or they will
 come to us!”

 “I will ride at once, and as I am; but do not let one of
 your people move, lest the soldiers think they mean to
 fight, and charge upon them!” cried Dave.

 And while Spotted Tail held up his hand to warn the
 Comanches to keep back, for they were about to ride for-
 ward to take up the body of their chief, Dave darted away
 to meet those whom he at once recognized—General
 Custer and his officers.

CHAPTER XXV.

THE COMANCHE'S THREAT.

 “Who are you, and what does the scene mean whicti
 we have just witnessed?’’ cried the general, as Dav*
 halted in front of him and saluted.

 “You used to call me Little Dave, the Scout, general,”
 said Estes, “I’m not in parlor rig just now.; I’ve beea
 busy a-butcherin’!”

 “Dave Estes, the Scout!” cried the general. “Whftt^i,
 terrible fight you have had! We saw it all.”

 “The bulliest fight and the bulliest little cuss that evw
 drew a knife,” shouted California Joe.

 “General, will you please raise a white flag to keep
 them Indians right where they are till I can make a full
 report,” cried Dave, seeing how uneasy Spotted Tail sat
 on his horse watching what was going on. “They’ll not
 stir till I tell ’em to, after the flag is seen. Buffalo Bill
 promised peace.”

 “I’ll sh®w the flag,” said the general. “That can do no
 harm, while I hear who they are and what Buffalo Bill
 has promised.”

 Instantly a white handkerchief, raised on a drawn
 sabre, told the Indians that the paleface warriors desired
 peace.

 “Now, Dave, tell me what Indians those are.”

 “First, a band of Comanches, that were under a chief
 known as Klamant, the Tiger.”

 “I have heard of him—a blood-thirsty savage.”

 “He is done for now. It was with him I had the little
 difference which you have been looking at.”

 “A pretty heavy difference, I should say. But go on.”
 “The rest are Sioux, under command of Spotted Tail.
 Mrs. Spotted Tail and Miss Spotted Tail, an angel in
 buckskin, are in the party.”	.

 “Spotted Tail—the deadliest enemy of the whites—
 worse than Red Cloud ever was!” exclaimed General
 Custer,

 “Buffalo Bill has worked the old cuss over, general.
 He has promised peace, and yoi^can bet your shoulder-
 straps he’ll keep his word!”

“If he does it will be better than a dozen campaigns.”
28

THE BUFFALO BILL STORIES.

   “If you will permit me to ride back, now, general. I'll
 tell the Indians to go into camp on one side of the brook,
 ■while you can take the other, and you can see Spotted
 ,7ail and his chiefs, and bind ’em down with a strong
 ■talk!”

   “All right, my brave man. But it seems you fought a
 regular dud, a knifejbattle with that bloodthirsty
 Comanche, Klamat. What was that about ?”

   "General, I almost hate to tell you, but I suppose I
 I must. He was in love with Dove Eye, the daughter of
 Spotted Tail, and so was I. He called me a paleface
 dog, and I knocked him down. Then we fought it out,

 ^ and I got the best of it!"

   "Ay—that I saw, and how he wiped out his defeat.”

   Dave now went back to Spotted Tail, who received him
 with more respect than ever.

   "You are no longer a Little Brave!” he said. “You
 are a Great Brave, and I adopt you for my son, and I
 name you E-to-nee—the Tiger Killer!"

   **Do you hear that, Dove Eye?” cried Dave, delighted.
 "The old man says I’m his son.”

   "Dove Eye is glad that the Little Brave has conquered
 his enemy. Here are his weapons!" said the girl, with-
 out the least slw>w of feeling, as she handed Dave his
 hunting-shirt, rifle, and belts, and the shield of the dead
 Comanche chief.

   The scout now conyeyed the orders of the general to
 Spotted Tail, and the Indians of his tribe at once went
 into camp. But the Comanches took up the body of
 Klamat, and, wrapping it in his robes, held themselves
 aloof in gloomy council.

   ■When Dave was arranging with Spotted Tail for a
 “talk” to take place that night between him and the gen-
 eral, the oldest brave of the Comanches approached the
 spot where the scout stood.

   “Paleface!” said he, "the Comanches will go back to
 their own land to bury their chief in the ground where
 his fathers have been laid. But the spirit of the great
 Tiger of die Comanches will never rest while you walk
 the earth. We go now because our chief shook hands
 with Spotted Tail, and we will not break his peace. But
 we shall come wherever you go, and we shall take your
 scalp!”

   The Comanche turned away before Dave could reply,
 and a minute afterward the whole band rode away in the
 darkness.

CHAPTER XXVI.

THE DYINC CHIEF AND THE PORTRAITS.

   Buffalo Bill could not rest after lie had satisfied the
 hunger, for he wanted to see what was going on in the
 camp of the Black Feet. Telling Red Plume to remain
 with Sunflower and the captain, while he went to scout,

 he left the cave and again clambered up the precipice d
 proceeded to his lookout.

  When he got to the point, the scout adjusted hi$ gW
and commenced his observations.

   “The Sioux are on the warpath!” was his first cxclanj
tion. “But they are fighting the Black Feet in squa<
There does not seem to be a general battle. Ah! one?>
the Black Feet is leaving in a hurry. A courier to ra]
the rest of the tribe. I’ll spoil his game if he comes j
side of a half-mile range!”

  This last remark was made when Buffalo Bill saw
single Indian, mounted on a powerful horse, dash aw
from the camp and ride a course to bring him almost
rifle shot.

   At once he left his position, and ran to a point whi
would bring him within shot of the Indian.

  He did not get another sight of him until he li
reached an abrupt point of rocks, where a pass throu
the mountain left a way easy to traverse.

  “He'll come through here,” said the scout.

   An instant later the Indian came in sight.

  Buffalo Bill drew back behind a cedar tree, and :
once in hrs life took a rest. He generally scorned to
this, always firing off-hand, as quick as thought, wh
he raised a rifle or pistol. But he was all of a tren
from his run, and he knew all depended upon his fi
shot.

  So he covered his man, as he came nearly head >
and fired.

  He was almost sure he missed, for the Indian lie’
swerved in his seat, and the horse bounded steadily f-
ward; so he took another sight over his rifle and fii
again.

   Just as his finger touched the trigger the horse rai-
to leap over a fallen tree, and the bullet picrced his he
instead of the breast of the Indian.

  The horse fell, and the Indian went with him.

   Seeing that the latter did not rise, the scout, with
weapon cocked, approached the spot and found that
first ball had done its mission—had pierced the breast!
the red man.

  But what astonished Buffalo Bill most was that
Indian was Yellow Bear, yet alive,' but dying.

  The chief recognized him, and gasped his nami
“Long Rifle.”

   “Yes,'’ said the scout, “Yellow Bear's trail is end
I did not know it was him when I fired, but J macfl
promise to Spotted Tail once, and I have kept it.”

   The dying chief did not seem to notice what the set
was saying, but with a spasmodic effort he tUgged a
thong which was about his neck until he pulled a bu-
skin bag from under his hunting-shirt.

  “Take and keep. This is for Cindah, the Sunflow*
I 1

p .pH the chief. “When she goes to the Happy Hunt-
Grounds, she will know her father and mother, if
she keeps this.”

The chief raised the bag in his hand, looked fixedly
on the scout for a moment, and then his head fell back.
He was dead.

Buffalo Bill looked at him with pity. Then he said:

’ “I’m sorry I gave my word to Spotted Tail to take his
(Scalp, but I d.id, and I must keep it. I don’t like to lift
hair—it is out of my line—but I mu6t do it to keep my
pledge. But this bag—I'll see what is in it.”

The scout opened the bag, and fouud in it two morocco
;ases, containing two painted miniatures, done in ivory,
facing each other. One was the portrait of a woman,
with golden hair, blue eyes, and lovely in the extreme.
The other was that of a man, young and handsome, but
with a darker face and hair. Under the picture of the
woman, written on the ivory, was the name, “Adele
Benoist.”

Under the picture of the man was written, “Edouart
Benoist.”

The astonished scout gazed for a moment on these
pictures, and then opened the other case.

I-t contained the picture of an infant, with a wealth of
golden curls, framing in the loveliest face that Buffalo
Bill ever saw. He looked at it an instant, and muttered:

“I’ve seen a face like that somewhere.”

Under the picture was written, “Cecile Benoist.”

Then a thought struck him.

“It is Cindah herself—it is Cindah, the Sunflower, as
she was, and these are the pictures of her parents. I will
take them to her. ,'jftiey may lead her to a happy restora-
tion yet.”

The scout placed the bag in his hunting-pouch, and
Iben, with a sigh of regret at the act, he took the scalp
from the head of Yellow Bear.

"I must keep my promise,” he said, as he looked at the
plaited scalp lock, trimmed with ochre-tinted strings.
“Spotted Tail, if he ever sees this scalp, will know it.”
I must go back to the cave, and tell Cindah what I have
frund.”

The scout now put the scalp out of sight, and then
komed back over his trail with much slower steps than>
(hose taken when he camie.

He paused to look down on the plains, and he saw
that the Indians appeared to be concentrated, and that
the fighting had ceased.

“The Sioux came out ahead,” he muttered, as he
passed on. ,

29

CHAPTER XXVII.

DOVE EYE RECOGNIZES HER FRIEND.

  Encamped, with good grazing ground for their horses,
plenty of wood and water at hat)d, and game abundant all
around, the cavalry under General Custer were having
what Little Buckshot termed a “bully time,” while the
Indians under Spotted Tail, pleased with sundry pres-
ents, were glad to be at peace with warriors who were so
much better armed and mounted than they.

  Spotted Tail, his wife, and daughter were the recipi-
ents of marked attention from the officers of the com-
mand, especially the latter.

  The girl seemed to pay no heed to these flattering at-
tentions. Bright buttons and shoulder-straps were not
attractive in her eyes. And that is more than can be said
of the paleface sisterhood, as a general thing.

  Dave Estes, though honored by the general and his offi-
cers, and an object of envious admiration among all the
Sioux warriors, as well as the adopted son of her father,
made no apparent advance in the favor of Dove Eye.

  He had tried to give her presents. She had refused
them—kindly, but firmly. The acceptance of a present
means more with a girl of the red race of America than
it does with the white ones.

He had asked her what he could do to please her.

“Go and find Long Rifle for me,” was her answer.

  Dave did ask permission of General Custer to go and
hunt up his mate. But the general did not wish to spare
him until a treaty had been concluded with Spotted Tail
and the other chiefs, and, as smokes had been sent up
to call them together, he told him no expedition could
leave for the present.

  The warriors of the, Sioux nation began to come in in
answer to the smoke signals, and General Custer had de-
cided that on the third day from the time he encamped
he would hold a council, or a “big talk,” as Spotted Tail
denominated it.

  It was now the second day of the encampment, and it
was well advanced.

  General Custer said to his officers:

“Buffalo Bill must be found for this grand council.”

 “Let Dove Eye go,” said the young daughter of
Spotted Tail. “She will find Long Rifle if he lives, or
revenge him if he is dead.”

  “I wish she loved me as she loves Buffalo Bill!” mur-
mured Dave. “The gal is just crazy after him. I told
her he was married, but that didn’t make a bit of differ-
ence with her. She said he was a great hunter and could
feed a dozen wives.”

  General Custer laughed, but the girl looked as grave
as ever.

It was near sunset, and the soldiers were all gathering

THE BUFFALO BILL STORIES.
30	THE BUFFALO

together in anticipation of roll-call, when a large band of
Indians were reported coming in from the west.

  The command was put under arms as usual, until the
character of the visitors was ascertained.

  Suddenly, with a cry of joy, Dove Eye bounded upon
the horse of the general, which stood saddled close by,
and calling out one name, dashed off to meet th6 ad-
vancing column.

  The name was—“Long Rifle.”

CHAPTER XXVIII.

A LITTLE SURPRISE.

  “Well—that’s cool,” said General Custer, laughing, as
the young squaw dashed away on his horse.

  “She sees Buffalo Bill coming, general,” said Dave
Estes. “The gal has gone clean crazy after him.”

  “Let not E-to-nee grieve,” said Spotted Tail. “He
shall have the handsomest women in my tribe for his
wives.”

  “Thank you, boss—but I’d rather have one, and that
one my choice.”

  The attention of all was on the approaching party.

  In front of the Indians was Buffalo Bill on Powder
Face, while by his right side rode a white girl, so
strangely beautiful in the picturesque dress of an Indian
maiden, that the general and his officers spoke their
wonder aloud.

  On his left, Dove Eye rode, proudly managing the
spirited horse of the general, while behind him came a
Black Foot Indian—without war paint—it was Red
Plume—and a white man, Captain Boyd.

  Behind with their lances full of scalps, and uttering
yells which victorious warriors only can give, came
Young Bear and a large party of Sioux.

  Buffalo Bill, rather abashed, with a girl on each side
of him, of such different types, halted when near the1'
spot where General Custer and his staff stood, and
saluted.

  “I am glad to see you, my brave friend,” said the
general. “You see that your peace treaty with Spotted
Tail has not only been kept, but ratified. We will make
it a formal treaty to-morrow, so as to send a report to
Washington.”

  “I thank you, general, for your welcome. I hardly
expected this pleasure an hour ago. But I have-some-
thing here for Spotted Tail. I made him a promise when
I asked him to keep peace with the white men. I told
him I would rescue Dove Eye, and give him the scalp
of her captor. There it is.”

  Buffalo Bill handed a scalp to the Sioux chief.

BILL STORIES.

  The moment the latter looked at it he pronounced t*1
name of Yellow Bear.	!

  “Yes, it is his scalp,” said the scout. "My promisi
have been kept. Now keep yours—never let your tril
raise knife or hatchet to the palefaces while you live.”
“Spotted Tail has given you his word and he will kee
it,” said the chief, firmly. “Then taking the hand o
Dove Eye, who had returned the horse of the general t
his orderly, he led her toward the scout, and said:

  “She loves you. Take Dove Eye and treat her wellj)
Buffalo Bill blushed scarlet. Then he stammered out
“Not for me, I thank you. I’ve got the sweetest, bes
and prettiest littl^ wife that ever blessed a home. I wan
no other. Dove Eye—there is Dave Estes, as brave i
chap as ever raised a rifle. He loves you. Take hin
and he will make you happy."

  Dove Eye looked at the scout for an instant, withouj
speaking.

  Tears gathered in her dark, mournful eyes. Then shfl
drew her robe up over her face and turned away toward
her father’s lodge.

  “And now,” said General Custer, “will you be so kind
as to tell us who this beautiful white girl in Indian co£
tume is?”

  “I am afraid she cannot tell herself, general, and I air
sure I cannot. She has been reared from infancy b)
Yellow Bear, the Black Foot chief. He called her his
daughter, but when he was dying he gave me a bag with
the miniature of a baby, a man, and a woman. By whai
he said, I am sure that they are the pictures of herself as
an infant, and of her father and mother. She has them
and will show them to you.”

  The girl reached out the bag, and General Custer tool-
the picture and read the names aloud.

  The general, turning to Cindah, said:

  “You shall have a tent for your own occupation, unti
we can reach a point where inquiries can be made tha
may restore you to relatives.”

  “I will not stay anywhere unless the Dream Spirit i:
with me,” said Cindah, in a determined tone, and sin
pointed to Boyd.

  “Who’s the gentleman?” asked the general, as he non
took notice of the young man.

  “You should know me, if your memory is good, gen
efal,” said the captain, in a soft and pleasant tone.

  “It seems to me as if I had seen you before,” said Gen
eral Custer, striving to think when and where.

  “Do you remember making a capture after Genera
Stuart was killed?” asked the captain, with a peculiai
smile.

  “Great Heavens! Yes, you were a rebel officer.”
“Exactly, general. I came -West to make rrty fortunt
after the War, and I have folind a gold mine that wil
an out rich', and better still, one I hope to claim as my
ride some day.”

“Yes,” cried Cindah. “I love the Dream Spirit, and
e will be my husband.”

CHAPTER XXIX.

THE COMANCHES' REVENGE.

Nearly two months passed away. The Sioux having
ledged themselves to peace, were allowed to roam un-
isturbed over their extensive hunting grounds.

Buffalo Bill and his pard, Dave, were once more lo-
itcd in their pleasant quarters at Fort McPherson, near
le junction of the North and South Piatt*.

Dave Estes, his almost inseparable friend, was the
ompanion of every hunt and ride, and few men enjoyed
fe better—at least, in that desolate region.

In quarters assigned to her by those in power was
lindah, the Sunflower, who had taken to reading and
tudying, though she dreamed a great deal yet.

Cindah, believing her name to be Cecile Benoist, had
ssumed it, and dressed like- other girls. She was very
eautiful, though all said she seemed more so in her
Id costume.

Visited in a friendly way by the officers, who all treated
with profound respect, she was apparently happy.
Braxton Boyd, her lover, had gone East to interest
ich investors in his mine, and then he could ask Cecile
knoist to become his wife.

:“Pard, I’m going to get an antelope for Major Brown,
ie has some friends coming from North Platte to din-
lerl” said Dave Estes to Buffalo Bill, very early, on a
|fight, sunnv morning after they had got settled in quar- ”
trs. '‘Will you go along?"

“I can't, Dave,” said Buffalo Bill; "not this morning,
imean. You know the boys outside the fort have elected
ne Justice of the Peace, and now two of ’em have got up
l gjiit, I reckon, just to see what I know. But no matter
that it is for—it is to come off ,at ten o’clock this mom-
[ig, and I can’t leave.”

i	“AH right. I'll knock over a couple while I’m about
k, and bring one home for you 1”

L"All right, Dave! But look out for your hair. mate,
fcmember what those Comanches threatened you?'’

31

  There isn't a Comanche within three hundred miles
of here.”

  Two hours later an orderly from the fort came rush-
ing in, booted and spurred, his sabre jingling, snouuug
to Buffalo Bill:

  “You’re wanted, sir-quick, too, at headquarters. In-
dians are in sight of the fort, and have just shot down a
man! The troops are mounting I”

  "Poor Dave!” groaned the scout, as intuitively his
heart and head told him who had fallen. “The Coman-
ches have killed and scalped him; I would wager life
upon it.”

  In a minute he was armed, and mounting, he rode
Powder Face at full speed to the fort.

  In less than five minutes the troops were out. But,
mounted on the best-of horses, the Indians went like the
wind over the plains, and pursuit was vain.

  They found the body of Dave Estes literally riddled
with Comanche arrows, and with his scalp torn from his
head.

  The body was brought in by Buffalo Bill, and it was
given burial in the burying-ground attached to the fort,
where now the visitor can see that the heroic young lover
of Dove Eye has not been forgotten by those who knew
him well, and loved him, too.

* * ******

  Fortune not only favored the young man, Braxton
Boyd, who had gone to the mining country to find gold,
and had found it, for he got backers in the East to aid
him, and riches came rushing in, but Cecile Benoist also
had luck, as General Custer discovered for her the parents
she could not recall.

  Hfr father had been an army officer, and on a gold trail
with others, all had been murdered by ¥ellow Bear and
his braves, the chief adopting the child as his own.

  Going to dwell with her kindred, Cecile was sent to
boarding-school for a year, and then became the wife of
Braxton Boyd, and the two now live in a handsome house
in Colorado.

  Dove Eye returned with her father to their people, but
the young girl refused all offers of marriage, and a year
or two later died, true to her love for the great scout,
Buffalo Bill, w'hese deeds continued to make his name
famous throughout the world, and which will continue to
live in history and romance for long ages to come.

THE END.

  The next number will contain ‘‘Buffalo Bill’s Vic-
tory.” A story of tangled trails.

THE BUFFALO BILL STORIES.
  The only publication authorized by the Hon. Wm. F. Cody

                 (BUFFALO BILL)

THE>

 Our New 5c. Weekly	A Sure Winner

!

   We were the publishers of the first story
   ever written of the famous and world-
   renowned BUFFALO BILL, the most daring
   scout, wonderful rifle shot, expert guide,
   greatest Indian trailer ever known, and a
   popular hero whose life has been one suc-
   cession of exciting and thrilling incidents
   combined with great successes and accom-
   plishments, all of which will be told in a
   series of grand stories which we shall now
   place before the American Boys.

  These exciting stories will appear regu-

j |	Wm- F- Cody (Buffalo Bin) }arly in our new 5c. weekly to be known as

THE BUFFALO BiLL STORIES

                    READ THE FOLLOWING TITLES

1.	Buffalo Bill, the Border King. A story

       of daring deeds.

2.	Buffalo Bill's Best Shot. A story of

    " Wild West Adventure.

3.	Buffalo Bill's Victory. A story of

       tangled trails.

4.	Buffalo Bill's Rifle Rangers. A story

     of Rough Riding Rescues.

LOOK OUT FOR THE GREAT INDIAN STORIES

Ken. Wm. F. Cody (Buffalo BUI)

STREET & SMITH, Publishers, NEW YORK

Jesse James

 STORIES

  were the first publishers in the
  world to print the famous stories of
  the James Boys, written by that remark-
  able man, W. B. Lawson, whose name is
  a watchword with our boys. We have had
  many imitators, and in order that no one
  shall be deceived in accepting the spurious
  for the real we shall issue the best stories
  of the James Boys, by Mr. Lawson, in a
  New Library entitled “The Jesse James
  Stories,” one of our big ones, and a sure
  winner with the boys. The first four issues
  are: “Jesse James, the Outlaw. A Nar-
  rative of the James Boys,” “Jesse James’
  Legacy; or, The Border Cyclone,” “Jesse
  James’ Dare-Devil Dance; or, Betrayed by
  One of Them,” “Jesse James’ Black Agents;
  or, The Wild Raid at Bullion City.”

STREET & SMITH, Publishers.

Buffalo Bill

 STORIES

 \yE were the publishers of the first
 story ever written of the famous
 and world-renowned Buffalo Bill, the
 great hero whose life has been one
 succession of exciting and thrilling
 incidents combined with great suc-
 cesses and accomplishments, all of
 which will be told in a series of grand
 stories which we shall now place be-
 fore the American boys. The first of
 these stories entitled “Buffalo Bill,
 the Border King,” appears in No. i of
 our new five-cent library entitled,
 “The Buffalo Bill Stories."

   STREET & SMITH, Publishers.

Nick Carter

 STORIES

v

best known detective in the world is
Nick Carter. Stories by this noted
sleuth are issued regularly in “Nick Carter
Weekly,” and all his work is written for us.

It may interest the patrons and readers of
the Nick Carter Series of Detective Stories
to know that these famous stories will soon
be produced upon the staj|e under unuiu-
ally elaborate circumstances. Arrangements
have just been completed between the pub^
Ushers and Manager F. C. Whitney, to
present the entire set of Nick Carter stories-
in dramatic form. The first play of the
series will be brought out next fall.

STREET & SMITH. Publishers,

                                                         * *»

Diamond Dick

  STORIES

  yHE celebrated Diamond Dick
  stories can only be found in
  “Diamond Dick, Jr., The Boys’ Best
  Weekly." Diamond Dick and his
  q son Bertie are the most unique
  and fascinating heroes of Western
  romance. The scenes, and many of
  the incidents, in these excitiire s*qies
  are taken from real life. Diamond
  Dick stories are conceded to be the
  best stories of the West, and are ajfl
  copyrighted by us. The librar^’d
  the same size and price as this j>», st
  lication, with handsome illuminated
  cover.

STREET & SMITH, Publishers^! r

ra a