r

SATURDAY

JUNE 5

TEN CENTS

ALt snore

W EEKL

%

TTiirtu *nine
(5teps

(VWar Musterij
John Buchan

Qnder^Eve

h/ Fred Jackson ,
     On CREDIT

Illinois,

rSHASH

             Waltham r
             Hamilton
             Howard v
             Elgin

Illinois, Seth-Thomas, Rockford

THE TERMSS3

       I have well earned My title of * Term* Smashing Miller." No catalog published offer#
       4ny Make Of Watch YOU Want on aa kasy and a# Liberal Credit Term* as the New

       Book sent to you Free for your name and address.

Your Choice ot
Inlaid Enamel Cases

30 Days Free Trial—No Money Down

Express Prepaid in Advance Ity Me

Thai i* the lest that tells. Suppose you w/uit a watch ? Any m*ke, any grade, any
                           sire, any case. I have it lor you—just the watch that you want. No Money Down, t»*
                           press Prepaid. You cun try »ny one of America"* best known timepieces lor 30 Days. A
                           Free Trial, a Full Month lo Carry It in Your Pocket.

An Open Account—No References Demanded

The same kind ol credit you Bet from your grocer liberally and cheerfully given. Arrange-
ments are made for an Open Account as soon as you write. No red tape, no publicity, note
or collectors. Every transaction is strictly confidential on terms made to suit you.

Send Coupon for Watch and Diamond Book

Why YOU Should Have This Book. It is the Encyclopedia of watches; a Die
tionary explaining watch words ; a History of Watch Malting in

An.i-t.-a II.f <>nly In l*-x h --k nf s Cood Watch and an Air.ol.iro Auil,..ri«y

                              •	■n Wak !i Bnyia? r«- a pontrsrd. a Mlrr or llir fun'"II lent coupon Know
                              r»ci* -n All makrs nf wal-'hM lirfm tmylnj anywhere. This ht»»k Is* Kfy
                              lo «r»lrh burlnf. It toll. j- .a lu'w t.. Jndf* • gvnj wali-h. Wrtto for II l.xiay
                              scJ get a letter frum Square Deal M.Uer that make* you a fnriKl fur Ilf*

Square Deal MILLER, Pres.

     Miller- Hoefer Co., 487 Miller Bide.
                  Detroit
                  Mich.

FREE

CATALOG COUPON

Square Deal Miller. Pres.

487 Miller Bldg.. Detroit. Mich.

®l»>Sl* Plra«* send me. without CM*
or obligation, T-'ur HiK B-iok ol ivii „„ ,)|
mak<-* of High Gnwlo Watches. Oeuuine til*.
0.00.1S »nJ J.—Hinr	Inform,|,,m nn

K£'m3	D,'w“ “d * "*'*

/Vc

A Jdreu.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

00 A MONTH
-y-REPAIRING

                  Bo first to enter tliis new big
 paving business in your town. Open
 your pockets. Let the dollars pour in.
 ; (julck. Automobile business growing fast.
 Euili Auto Sold Means .More Tire* to Mend.
 Enormous field for tire repairing-. Punctures and
 blowouts are common. Tires
 need retreading and vul-
 canising. Something go-
 ing wrong all the time.
 Thousands forced to buy
 new tires because they
 can't get old one? Axed.
 Think of the old bicy-
 cle days—repair shops
 on every corner — all
 making money — bn ey
 day and night. Autos
 make same proposition
 over again—only ten times
 bigger and better Users of
 Haywood Tire Repair Plants
 are making big money. Johnson.
 Tex . writes. " I ma«le as high as
 $18 profit Id a day." Another
 man who bought a plant Septem-
 ber. 1911. writes he has cleared
 over $ S.000.00. Be the llrst to
 start. Experience unnecessary. You
 lettrn quick. Simply follow directions.
 Business comes fast and easy.

          Repair Tires at Home n'Jn'1?1—

            repair father's tires — get the money
            he pays garage man. Get the neighbors'
            work. Auto owners—repair your own
            tires —save money—have outfits for
            home use. Anyhow investigate. Send
            today for catalogue explaining wonderful
            money making possibilities in this field.

             HAYWOOD TIRE & EQUIPMENT CO..

764 Capitol Ave„ Indianapolis, Ind.

Amazing Bargains

 Jay	_

  hundreds of remarkable bargains in diamonds
  and other jewelry. Our customers’ letters
  show as much and more than

*/2 Saved

   onporgeoua gems, watches.etc. Diamond Bank-

   ig our Business. Exquisite jewelry on which we
   loaned money. You get the benefit—astounding un-
   fu

__paid loan prices. Writef or bullet in.

         l-AaillllIdllUII our offer-
 ings before you buy. We pay express.
 Money-Back b**firmofov*ryam.rnt^d

 ^	over $750,000 00. Rdarmtr by

 uuarailiee5 pcrrmmnoQ Farmer's Dupuuit
 Bunk. Marine National Rank.

Jos. DeRoy &

A21 DaRov Building

Sons

Pittsburgh, Pi.

 Only $7.85

 No. 324587. i—*

 kt. dazzling brilliant
 fine qtinlity blur-
 white fiolitxire Ren-
 ame diamond In 14-
 kt. cold scarf pin or
 lady a rin». Try to
 mutch ftt 620. Unpaid

 rcnainc diamonds

MAKE $10 A DAY

     with our wonderful Champion Picture
     Machine. Takes, develops, finishes photo
     in halt minute; 300 an lionr. No (lurk
     room. F.xvrrience Cn nei^ssary. Photo Post
     Cards and Buttons all the rape I You coin
     money anywhere. Small investment: hie
     profits. Be your own boss. Write for Free
     Book. Testimonial!', etc.

    AMERICAN MINUTE PHOTO CO.
    2214 Ogden Avenue. Dept. X 81. Chicago. III.

$022 SS3K Superb Come

SiK"r“®SdiV ***£ Tfu* Triple

oil,

d Lyric

 ‘Cornet will br.

                        HMte™. f?r onirt2.00.7T->.rhebal^cToi^;,,niot;
                        of only 1 Oc a day^H-co trml buloro you decide Lo buy.

VuPuTz:ER™fJF ®artd Catalog!

 t* Stnri iron,n*m	%v'd"ATn,^:

                        T In r- Hock-bottom oncca on all kinds of instrument*
                        Generous allowance tor
                        . . .	'Y' supply the U. S. Gov t.

                              Wnto loilay f<,r Free Band Catalog

THE RUDOLPH WMRLTTZER CO.
.Cincinnati. Ohla Oept-AIOB Chicago. Illlnd.

  Trmm Carrylnr Caao — with
  thia Superb Triple Silver
  Plated Lyric Cornet. crcoumc
  leather. Wnto today.

“What y Doin
Now, Bill?

   You don’t have to ask that question of
 a trained man, because you know his
 position is a permanent one—that he is
 not at the mercy of conditions that affect
 the untrained man.

   You can always be sure of a good position
 and a good salary if you have the special
 training that puts and keeps you in demand.
 The International Correspondence Schools will
 bring special training to you, no matter where
 you live, or how little spare time or spare
 cash you have.

   To learn how the I. C. S. can help you,
 and how you can easily qualify for success in
 your chosen occupation, mark and mail the
 attached coupon today. Doing so costs you
 only the postage. You assume no obligation.
 If you think you’re ambitious, marking the
 coupon will prove it. Do it NOW.

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

Box 804 SCRANTON. PA.

 Explain, without further obligation on my part, how
 I cau qualify for the position before which I mark X

   ELECTHII A I. ENGINEERING
   ^F.lrctrle Lighting Jt I la U nays
   Telephone Expert
   M Etll A.Mt'AXENt; IN F.EBUiS
   Mechanical Dralting
   Gas Engines
   aVlL ENGINEERING
   Siin^TinK and Mapping
   MINE FOREMAN AM* STTT.
   STATIONARY ENGINEERING
   ARCHITECTURE
   Building Contractor
   Architectural Drafting
   Concrete Engineering
   Structural Engineering
   PI I MlllMi AND 0EAXI56
   M'TO Ul.NSLNU

 Namt

 SALESMANSHIP
 ADVERTISING
 Window Trimming
 Show Card Wriiing
 Lettering and Slcn Painting
 ILLUSTRATING
 BOOKKEEPING

  StcooirrapbT and Tvprwj-itinr
  Higher Accounting
  Commercial Law

 r.oon English for ettose

 Teachers Course
 English Brooches
 CIVIL SERVICE
 AGRICULTURE
 POULTRY

  Chemistry

Presen t Occupation.

r Street and No._

| City-

 -State_

 In amwenna any advertisement on i/,i« paDc U it OtsinbU that you mention all-stoby

Weekly.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Where Are You Going This Summer?

Whether you will travel or stay at home, you cannot afford to miss the impor-
tant educational article of 72 profusely illustrated pages which appears in
the Munsey’s

Special Summer Resort Number

100 Magnificent Illustrations

In an authoritative, intensely interesting way, writers familiar with our great
national playgrounds tell you everything you need to know to plan a delightful
vacation in your own country. This is an article you will want to read and pre-
serve. It appears complete in

MUNSEY’S for June

The article will be divided into five sections. Eastern and New England, the
Lake Regions, the West and Canada. Reading these pages will be like making
this wonderful tour in person, and to the tourist who plans a summer outing on
this side of the Atlantic, the June Munsey will form a complete and accurate
guide book. Besides this big feature, this issue contains all the regular Munsev
features and a

Complete $1.50 Book-Length Novel

“Old Loves for New”

by Elizabeth York Miller

whose earliest work appeared in these pages, an American woman whose writings

New' v ‘lw ied,,PartK U ar a“enti0n abroad- This « “ fascinating story of modern

milHonair; A‘nV stro^.st'>r-' °f ‘he love of a prima donna and a divorced
millionaire. Don t miss this big number of Munsey’s.

Get Your Copy Now
15 CENTS ALL NEWSSTANDS

™U,er,'g lhu » «. ........hit „„„ ALI^111,y w

BE KI T.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY

A	___^Number 4

VOL. XLV

..........

mui»v aWVC^^V

     ONE NOVELETTE

Cinder-Eve..........Fred Jackson . . .

FOUR CONTINUED STORIES

The Thirty-Nine Steps......John Buchan . . .

      A Two-Part Story — Part One

The Promise.........James B. Hendryx .

      A Five-Part Story — Part Two

The Man - Eater........Anne Warner

      A Five-Part Story — Part Four

Abu, the Dawn-Maker......Perley Poore Sheehan

      A Five-Part Story — Pari Five

      SIX SHORT	STORIES

Venus by the Pound.......Anne Cameron .

The Moll Buzzer........Samuel J. Lewis. .

The White Gorilla.......Elmer Brown Mason

Bad Blood and Blue.......Fletcher Chenault .

A Course of Sprouts.......Una Hudson . . .

A Scrap in the Dark......Paul West.

 577

 597

 640

 684

 724

 633

 672

 709

 740

 748

 759

         VERSE

The Desert.....Jennie Haris Oliver	596	Safety First.......Walter G. Doty	739

Dusky Eyes.......H. S. Haskins	632	The College Furnace . . . . N. Parker Jones	747

Which? ........“Tenderfoot”	639	The Contradiclion . . Amanda Benjamin Hall	758

“ Moon-Madness ".....Dorothy Foster	719	The Master—Dead . Djuna Chappell Barnes	768

Heart to Heart Talks.......The Editor

720

THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY. 8 WEST FORTIETH STREET. NEW YORK, and TEMPLE HOUSE. TEMPLE AVENUE, E.C., LONDON

 Frank A, Mi'Mmcr. I'ro.tdcnt

CuM>gTOI-HiUi H. Pore. Trsssurar

RlinUHD II. TmiKKINOTON. Secr.t^rr

Stall* copies, 10 cents. By the year, S4.00 In United State*. Its dependencies. Mexico and Cuba : S6.00 to Canada, and SS.OO to Foreign
Countries. Rsmittancui should bn made by check, express money order or postal money order. Currency should no) be sent unless registered

 I8STJKD WKBKLY COPYRIGHT. 1916. BY THE PRANK A. MIJNSEY COMPANY

 ENTERED AT THE NEW YORK PvST-OFFlCK A8 SECOND-CLASS MAIL MATTER—•COPYRIGHTED IN CHEAT BPJTAJJi
The Purpose of this Department

   is <o pul the reader in touch imme-
   diately with ihe ncwt»l needfuls lor
   ihe home. office. farm. or person : 10
   iifler, or seek, an unusual business
   opportunity, or to suggest a service
   ihiii may be performed satisfactorily
   through correspondence. Il will pay
   a housewife or busiuess man equally
   well to read these advertisements
   carefully.

Classified Adver-
tising Rates in
The Munsey Magazines

 M missy's Msgailo*' tt.oo\ Special
 Tbe Ar«o*r . .... i»/toakiaatias
 Railroad Min i Maga ( Line Rale

SilM ........SO. *4.49

All Slury Waakly . .	U« 3* cuk

                      m.toJ

 Isli 3# All iun Wsshlf f#i«» cis» list 17ft

 ,V«w f'tmt l» lioftM " u a Uat ullt it™ I*
      #».-»•</•» I.7.1M.SMI /'JU'IIMJ ■/ 1*4
      ViK-iiH.- H&M »*»■•*•»» Ml

AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED

 | WANT 100 PARTNElib — MEN AND WOMEN*

To iH'li' me Introduce my n.u Oxygen Tullct trtlcle*. etc.. «W.
They *r. selling lik. wlliiorr. I wanl !i« wire iu‘« and
women partners 'o hein handle fa1*! increasing Ouslnesa.
I will abate enorsiom pmliu with ihose who loin me
mm. I mean business I slum! all risk If ttftven days
don't promt your cfillrv satisfaction. lliat ends tl-tli»
eoo'rjci Is caimlUd. Nn traveling necessary. You can
liv>- hi horns and devote *11 or -.pare lime to the busi-
Ii.x. Here's sametblroi Now. Different. Write io.hu. quick.
Try thi* uunierMilp plan for fifteen .lays lou .Ion i ri«k
a .cm Sau. Kaia. Suit* T2S. 13S5 Michigan A»c,. Chicago. HI

 A DOLLAR A MINUTE CANT BE MADE WITH
OUR G000S or anybody s But you .an make good money
nilli our auii'k sellers. not sold in stnr.-» Write ami say
’ >how me •’ s Vlfa To.. * 11* Warren Street, New York.

 FREE SAMPLE — N08PLASH WATER STRAINERS
SELL THEMSELVES. No talking experience uim.ci^in•
Dally iirottL* $.-> upwards. Send 2c (mailing cost). F. U- R-
UnUiu Filter Co.. New York.

 ATTENTION — BUTTER 4c A POUND. WONDERFUL
PATENT MACHINE, which merges ono pint >.f milk into
onv iiiMinu of hot n r imaging mu pounds) In two minutes.
l’.i» per cent, to Agents. Write mr information. Family
Butter Merger Co., Washington, D. C*

AGENTS WANTED TO TAKE ORDERS FOR " Visiting
#nd Silliness Cards nf Distinction.'' Eatgc profits. Outfit free,

i -raian Prlntery t*K M . Wjierbury. Connecticut.

HELP WANTED

RAILWAY MAIL AND POSTAL CLERKS; examinations

soon: over 2000 appointments yearly. Prepare at home.
Writ* lor our Plan No, .tl) 1 of payment after appoint-
ment Philadelphia Business College, Cleil Service Department,
Philadelphia. Pa.

GOVERNMENT POSITIONS PAY BIG MONEY Eiamlna-

Uons everywhere soon. Get prepared by former I'nlted States
Civil Servlet Kxamlnrr 64 page bookie! fr«*e Write to-day.
P>n. r..«i n«n s. rr!.. s.-iiwl. Hoi 130«. ltochester. N. T.

THOUSANDS Jobi Open To Men—Women. $7T> month. Va-
cations. Short hours Steady work. Common education sufficient.
Writ* Immediately tor U«t 1 S. Gor.mnirnt positions now
obtainable. Frank 11 n Itulltute. Dept. W-3. Rochester, N. Y.

EARN 120.00 PER WEEK. Any Woman Can Earn This

lakin* order!* lor VuUnii^ Victoria Toilet Articles. Tlicy ar«
tn-HUtifill go'iils and sold on a guaraniee. Success is *urc liy
our plan U-t us lell you how you do tlilv Write today.
F H Youna A Co.. 320 Qaltwood Atenur. Toledo,_Ohio.

NEW PROFESSION—Either Sex—Fitting Glasses By Scien-
tific Method*. Quickly laugh! by ' Horn. Study " course.
Diploma granu'd. Liberal (.aynicnt plans, fln-ai .l.mai.i! for
gratluatM. Ttig income. Full iJiirnciilam and •atalog !r*< Write
now. ( bii-sgo School nf ft. f rq. <|.ni. ’.(IS .Inuroal Bl.lg . Chicsg.x

ALASKA NOW OFFERS YOU	GrestMt OpDSrtunltles On

Eartn. Quest ion- t. aarding it	..i i.o.to,., cbnocc, hero

carefully snd truthfully answered	bv return mail. ISlielnss

nriy cents il \v_ Kills. Seward.	Alasfcs.

_ FOR WOMEN

nFrn«ATTr°n AX,'LJ?2MAP-r BEAUTIFUL 43-PIECE GOLD
DECORATED DINNER SET f or tIUlrHiUllDtf unly % dos^o

’' i tJ..... w „ ............ P,.

MUSIC AND SHEET MUSIC

L°NP nwEMp W*NTED for publication Big monny writing
»«ng twenu Past rxpcnraiw uimc.T««rv. <tnr pro|M»ltton
, “‘"'luab.l. «, scx-i-pt avallal.l. work for publication
and 'T'Ui* copyright in your name Send us your «..ng poems
m..? t'T V".U>,. "r .wrl,‘' u,r tostrucil** booklet if* free.
Markt-tioldKHrtUi Co . Dept 20. Washington. D. f

AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED

AGENTS—Crcivont Oranuead» Powder niaki - Dneat drllik

imaalnai !'- ti> itiai adding 'Old water ainl sugar. Many make
>10 Io I MI a day selling thU d» tn-ioua drink by the slaaa al
pjcnliH Hall OailW. Dances. Fairs. Kit mrr 4c tirofit ..o
ci.ry glaxs s:.i: un every dollar vl«« Big Maw sc-Jiiu*
the powder to fandUe*. reilauranu. stores, etc. Band a
dime for riougb f-i» -Me gailuli will. estSloBUc. puatpald
Morrtvu-y A. Co . 441T-KO Ma<Usoii Streci. Chicago. III.

JUST OUT! EVERY LINE OF BUSINESS WILL 8UY

from i. to loo of our UnlTiraal Ad*cJ<mu* man Set*.
\gents' |.rln 15 celila each I'upalil Se.ls i*i al«ht 3» ruuita.
. l ani. tuian A Co.. City I '.ail Siiuafi Bldg,. CUlcJgu. Ill

AGENTS WANTED—TO ADVERTISE OUR GOOOS by

dlstrlUutuiK free .ample to consuuier. '.»>• > eiil* an hour.
Write for full particular*. TIj* l- avori Cmapany. loot

West Street. Dayton. Ohio,

$25(1 FOR RELIABLE MAN OR WOMAN DISTRIBUTE

2000 Free Packages Borax Powder wttli Soap*, etc.. in your
town. No money or experience needed. J. Ward Co.. 224
Institute. Chicago.	_

*10.00 SAMPLE WATCH FREE TO MEN AND WOMEN

who will sell our watches $18 to $30 a week easily made by
agcuLs who devote their entire litu.- Writ, today (or our Fres
Sample Watch and lenns. Ogden Jewelry •. '• . Dep. 5>, Chicago

MAGIC INK ERASER. NO BLADE. NO ACID. Removes

ink like magic 10c. .Sells 20c to 35c unices buy I to 12. Any
man ilia! can’t sell hundreds couldn't sell bread in a famluc.
Sample lUc. S. Mfg. Co.. Dept. 96, 20 Warren St.. New York.

PATENT ATTORNEYS

PATENTS THAT PROTECT AND PAY. ADVICE
AND BOOKS FREE. Highest references Best result*.

Promptness assured. Send sketch or model for search.
Wataon E. Coleman. 624 F Street. Washington, D. C

PATENTS—TRADE-MARKS. Send For My	Free Book.

"How To Get Them.” It's -Tull of information you	should know.

Joshua It 1! Potts. S S. Dearbori St.. Chicago;	1*29 Chestnut
St.. Philadelphia: 805 G St., Washington.

PATENTS SECURED OR FEE RETURNED. Send sliefl*

for ir». search, our four I rooks sent free. How to Obtain
Patent aiol Whnt lo Invent with l.ist of I men Hons Wanted
and $1.000.000 In Pnaes Offered for Inventions Patents
advertised free Wanted New ideas. Rend for list of Pstent
Buyer.-. Victor J Evans & Co.. 7Ci Ninth. Washington. D. C.

“ PRIZES FOR PATENTS." "MONEY IN PATENTS/*

“ How To Get Your Patent And Money." ” Why 8oms

Inventors Fall." " Needed Inrenllona" Sent free. Randolph

*	Co.. (t.to F Sired. Washington. D. C.

MOTION PICTURE PLAYS

WRITE MOVING PICTURE PLAYS. $25 TO $100 EACH.

Ills demand Previous experience, literary talent or correspond-
ence course unnecessary. Send today tor tree details and special
oner. E 7. Scenario Co.. AC. !UW We-t U3 SI. New York

WHITE MOVING PICTURE PLAYS: $10 to $100 eaeh

fniislan! demand. Devote all or |ia.. ilnie XO correspondenc
course. Start work at (Uioe. D'.tail- free. Atlas Publisbing Co.
312 Atlas llulldlng. I'liiclnnail. ilhlo.

GIRLS WANTED FOR MOTION PICTURE ACTING.

Flora Finch's book nils you limv to ail. where to appl
r..r po.ltions. etc. Send H'c for book. Matt lows Book Agency
•ir. \l. oil Street. Now Haven, Conn.

_AUTHORS—MANUSCRIPTS

POETS. AUTHORS' MAKE GOOD MONEY WRITING
Short Stories, Poems, Etc. Mss. sold on «. mini "Inn Our system
unes celled. Prompt service: uulcli tctiirn. Particulars free.
National l.b. rarv Bureau (Literary Brokers). M2. Hannibal. Mo.

/-I onsicer.n., „nu a4v*riUcmtnt on (fifa pU|/c it is Ucirublc f/mf you mention Au.-STonr Wskkli.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

STAMPS AND RARE COINS

'$50.00 PAID For Dollar 1873 S. Mint: S2.00 For 1904 Proof

Dollars; $7,110 Tor 1853 Quarters, no arrows, tic. Watch your
change. Many alualilo coins drculiiliiiK. tJct post id. It may
momi large profits to you Semi only’4c for Law Ulus. Coin
Circular. Send to Numismatic Bank. Dept. XI. tort Wurtli, Tex.

$4.29 PAID FOR FLYING EAGLE CENTS dated 185®. VVe |
pay a cash premium ou hundreds of old coins. Send 10c at once
for New Illustrated Coin Value Book. 4x7. It may mean yoor
fortune Clarke & Co., Colo Deal ere. Box 103. L« Kay, N. Y.

TYPEWRITERS

GENUINE TYPEWRITER BARGAINS: no matter wltat

make, will outiie you low.-st prices and easiest, terms, or rent, ]
allowing rental on price, Write for big l-argaln list and
calalojni 16. L. J. Peabody. -Sli Devonshire St.. Boston, Mass.

PRINTING

100 GOOD REGULAR SUE WHITE ENVELOPES, your
name and business printed on the corner. 30 cents postpaid:
not) for $1.25. .-samples tree. M. Breneisa Co.. Wheeler. Indiana

FIREARMS WANTED

 F l R E A R M S — OLD-TIME AND MODERN. Buy. sell,
 exchange all sorts. Stephen Van Rensselaer, West Orange. N. J.

REAL ESTATE—FARM LANDS
Mississippi

  IS HE CRAZY? The owner of a plantation in Mississippi
Is giving away a lew five-acre tracts. The only condition In
that figs l>e planted. The owner wants enough (Iks raised to
supply a Canning Factory. You can secure five acres and an
Interest in the Factory by writing Eubank Farms Company.
783 Keystone. Pittsburgh. Pa. They will plant and care for
your trees Tor $fi per month. Your profit should be $1,000
per year. Rome think this man Is crazy for giving away
such valuable land, but there may be method In Ills madness.

BOAT OWNERS

N|| II you want lo win boat races buy the famous1!
     MICHIGAN Propollers, Reverse Gears and
     motor boat accessories.

   Write Today for Large Catalog Free
   MICHIGAN WHEEL CO.

                           1130 MONROE AVENUE
                      GRAND RAPIDS, MICHIGAN

fO>de»l anti largaat manufacturer* in U. S. a!

Delivered to You Free

        A sample 1915 model t$Rangor1' bicycle, on approval
        and 30 DAYS TRIAL and free riding test.

           WrltO at onco for large illustrated catalog show-
        ing complete line of bicycles, tires and supphen, and the
        moat marvelous offer ever made on a bicycle. You willbe
        astonished at our low prices and remarkable terms.

 RIDER AGENTS Wanfctf-Hoys, malic money
 taking orders for Bicycles. Tires and Sundries from
 our big catalog. Do Business direct with the l.-ad-
 icycle house in America. Do not buy until you Know
 what we con do for you. WRITE TO US.

MEAD CYCLE CO., DEPT. A-2sa CHICAGO

^^fiPlAMOND&

at 1/40 the cost—IN SOLID GOLD RINGS

                     Stand acid tost and expert examination. We

                     guarantee them, s.. thtm iir«i-itivn pay.

                      Sp-.-lnl Offer—Hit Tiffany ring 1 ct 85 08.
                      Gents ring let. Sr>.98. Ml: Stud I el. Sl.XtV Sent
                      C. O. I> for inspection. faming nil I, shows
                      full line. Patent ring gauge included, 10c, The
                      ll.ro.1. Co.. Unit. T-88. U.-iO belaud »»».. t'bltaco.

     THROW YOUR VOICE!

               Into the next room, down cellar, under the bed
               or anywhere. Fool your friends, lots of fun.

     TheVENTRILOPHONE

                 Is a little Instrument that fit* into the mouth and
                 ■ annul tip seen. Boys or (IfrJs rim use li.

             We also send von CflMI’f.KTE INSTRITO-
 TIONS in the AIM of VHNYKILOQl'ISM.
 witUour big Catalog of :$<m Noveltiesall for i o cts. stamps
 or Coin. A U l>h.h, Co.. IJe^k ti. Stamford, Conn.

                     Send for
         __Jewelry Catalog No. 57

^ontafnintr over 2.000 beautiful illustration* of Diamond*. Waiehcs. Artistic
Jewelry. Silverware. Cut Gian*. etc. Select anythin*: desired, either for per-
sonal wear. or for nirift to friend or loved one. then ask uato send the selec-
tion for your examination. It will be seot. all charges prepaid by us

YOU PAY NOTHING —NOT ONE CENT

until you SCO and examine the article richt In your own hands. If you like it.
pay one-fifth or the purchase price and keep it, balance divided Into eight
equal amount*, payable monthly If not entirely satisfactory. return at our
expenKc. You assume no risk: you are under no obligation Our Catalog
tel la all about our Ci>y Credit Plan. Send for It Today. It is FREE-

L0FTIS BROS. & CO., The National Credit Jewelers

Dept. A240, 100 to 108 N. State Street, Chicago, Illinois

Established 18581 Store* in: Chicago : Pittsburgh ; St. Louis ; Omit*

1 can make a good penman you «t home during
spare time. Write for my free book “llow o> It.roi
n fiimii Penman." It contain? *|i«*ciioens and tells
ho» others mastered penmanship by the Taniblyn
System. Your name will |>e elegantly written
on a card If you enclose stamp t< • pay postage.

F. W. TAMBLYN. 408 Merer Building. Kansu Ctr. Mo.

COPY THIS SKETCH

 and let me .see what vou can do with it.
 Illustrators and cartoonists earn from 520
 to $125 a week or more. My practical
 system of personal Individual lessons by
 mail will develop your talent. Fifteen years
 successful work for newspapers ,i:id ningn
 zines qualifies me to teach vou. Send me
 yuur •ketch jf President WtNnn with tic in munr-i
 and I "ill .rnil vou a te*I li-Mim plain, .■!»■■ ,-ollec
 l>,:in drawing* aiiuwnur p<*sil>ilitiea for YOU.

 The Landon School

 1459 HCIIIIHH.II III ilium;. 1'U.VH.IMI, II.

$A A MONTH

* Buys This Visible

   OLIVER Typewriter

I'nusual ullt
sell mu i b e
Olivei i

rei

    to l.oo. We I.a
  Salesmen, no ci
  sions. no branch I
  All tills extra
  ours. tVe give
  REF. TRIAL first,
  vou pay us a ce

FREE Trial

 Nothing Down!

  .TI,____ , . , '“7 *? r«r rnonu. in- is me smnaaia

  .1!^ fresh ,rvm lhe factory. with all in* Oliver f.aiurcx-
  vlalblc «nunn. marginal rot,,ae- univcr-.il ti-vboonl. etc Don't
  “Hr U,Li?.u h“vr ."'.I F"-«: Trial Offer ,,nd rcmarkobh low
  >ricc. « rile ua now. before you forget It.	ISOS

 TYPEWRITERS DISTRIBUTING SYNDICATE
 _1510-33 E Wabash Ave., Chicago

In

answer,*,, any advertisement on this pane it is desirable th-

All-Stout VVbKKLI.
all-story weekly—advertising section.

  This country recognizes three grades
of truth:

      —the truth
      —the whole truth
      —nothing but the truth

  “The Truth** by itself may he false
because of what it leaves unsaid, or
because while technically correct it is
designed to mislead.

  “The whole truth” may be inef-
fective because it leaves one asking—
“ Well, what are you going to do about
it?”

  “Nothing but the truth” involves
a grasp and expression of right funda-
mentals, rounded knowledge, fair play
—an irresistible appeal.

   In Chicago from June 20th to 24th
there will be a convention of The
Associated Advertising Clubs of the
World. The standard under which
this convention assembles is

“Nothing but the
Truth in Advertising”

   This is not a sentimental standard.
It is a commercial standard main-
tained by the contact of idealists, en-
thusiasts, ami hard heads.

   It is the only standard under which
the annual expenditure of $600,000,000
for advertising can be made to pay.
It is the standard under which 2,000
people met last June in Toronto and,
before that, in Baltimore, Dallas,
Boston.

  It is (he standard under which

every reader of newspapers, maga-
zines, outdoor signs, booklets, novel-
ties—the printed or painted adver-
tising message—has come to believe
what he reads.

You are Invited to Attend

   No adult in this country but uses or is affected by advertising. The con-
   vention in Chicago will give you ideas for application to your own business
   and your own life. You will come in contact with the discoverers and pioneers
   in the development of the economic force of advertising—a force which will grow
   with your support as you will grow by contact with it and its workers.

              For special information address CONVENTION
              ( OMMIJ TEE, Advertising Ass'n of Chicago, Adver-
              tising Bldg.y 123 Madison Street, Chicago.

Associated Advertising Clubs
of the World

Uth Annual Convention
M.I.-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

 MAKE MONEY HERE

AGENTS!

DROP DEAD ONES. AWAKE I
GRAB THIS NEW INVENTION!
THE ZOlh CENTURY WONDER

AGENTS!)

  Get started in an honest, clean, reliable, money-making business. Sold on a money back guarantee

 World'* tiifUrlc:il gifl rwilixi d by this new Inveutinn The B1,A< KSToM:

 \v.\ti:k row i:k \ aci i m >i \ssa<;k mac ui>t; f.n- the noun- ......*»i

  l., ouiTMti'. Lasts lire time. Prlw within n-iu-li of nil. X«» emu |«j lit I on. Si-- tli-M
  butdueHS. rhiit - why It - cmv. Remove* Idiiekheiuli*. wrinkle- round* on)
  Hiiyimrt ol' tin- f«u:e nr body itnri brums Imek \nlurf* Iwuuly. Kiidorsed In ii-n-un-..
  donors and imiSHein'B. l.lslen: I’urker. Olilu..»ny- '*orders llisi iiny.’ Mniif-
  \i tirlh. I'll., writes. "I «m making # lil.OO |>«*r duy." Slien. " Hint, order I .'. «<rmul
  I 111 III 7'J." .Scharinerhorn. In.. orders eljtht dozen tnaehim-s lint unnilli >ll»lfer.
  \ "srlllug -J out of 5 dein<mitlr*lioiu< \ auKlui. \\ n»li.. urdir.i •■in- dozen. I- ••in-
  days later wires 'Slilpli dozen t.y llmt express." Spain.iVuu.. mm t«--l « itli >11111 |ilf.
  < irilere one do*cn, then *-J do»**n. next S dozen Leu Ik, IikI., m-iir 3 nmi iilm- fii-i
  hour. Say* " Best ivrtleji- in-evi’t .saw for merit mid inones -making." 'n expe-
  ilenee nereHxary. Territory with pion-riloii Kivenfree toaetive worker* N"IIiihe
  in tin- uorhl like H Rest nvenl s itrlicle ever liivcnlcil. W •- own all I s. and foiviuo
  imientn. Bits book entitl«-d.

                          " I he Power and the l.in«•
                          of Ileum y and Health."

                          1‘ree. Investigate now. to-
                          day. A Postal will do. A lilc
                          surprise awaits you. Address

                  BLACKSTONE MFG. CO.

                     , m— H<l Meredith It Id Mr*, mi.Klin. «.

T5he BEST

ALL-FICTION MONTHLY

       you like fiction that tickles
your ribs, stirs your imagination,
satisfies your desire for adventure ?

  Fiction that places before you the tang of
the camp-fire wood-smoke, the brine of the
ocean breeze, the shock of charging armies,
the alkali dust-mirage of the American desert,
the glare of Northern snows ?

<1 Fiction that shows you the heroism, the
humor, the strength, the hnmanness, the kind-
liness and the littleness that man is capable of
in every part of the globe ?

•I Then read The Argosy.

<J Every month a long book-length novel,
printed complete—a novel by some such writer
as Zane Grey, S. R. Crockett, George Wash-
ington Ogden. James Francis Dwyer, E. J.
Rath, Theodore Goodridge Roberts.

<| Also, every mouth six or more short stories
which as ;i group average better than those you
will find between the covers of any other maga-
zine. To say nothing of a novelette every
so often.

  Argosy fiction is wholesome fiction—grip-
ping, vital fiction —fiction that never flags.

•I And always a c t i o n — action — and more
action.

Q Buy 7 he Argosy. It will keep you reading
—keep you guessing—keep you jumping. 15
cents at your newsdealer's.

15he ARGOSY

Don’t Wear a Truss

B1

  ROOKS' APPLIANCE, the
modern scientific invention,
the wonderful new discovery
that relieves rupture will be sent
on trial. No obnoxious springs
or pads Has automatic Air
Cushions. Binds and draws the
broken parts together as you
would a broken limb. No salves
No lies. Durable, cheap. Pat.
Sept. ro, 01. Sent on trial to
prove it. Catalogue and measure
blanks mailed free. Send name and address today.

C. E. BROOKS, 1797 Brooks Bldg., Marshall, Mich.

Mill

Moderate Prices
EasyTerms^;

Diamonds for June brides
sweet girl graduates. Buy NOW

that diamond lor your wile, sweetheart. sislrr or > ourseil — Dun'!
wait until you gel the money — buy Irom us now at the*#" starlltngN
low prices—and pay fair it fa e>i v little amounts (com time to time
Buy direct from Importers and Save Dealers' Profits.
We iriiT Certified Guarantee with every Diamond—_• .r-.n
teeing Its weight and quality. A s.iie way to buy and save money—
no inconvenience — and have the Diamond now when you >vant it.
Perfectly cut white Diamonds, gleaming, Sparkling. scintilla->.g —
genuine high quality. Not a cent to pay until you have c-ireltillv ex-
amined the U.jmond—lln-n il you are perfectly satisfied pay 1/5 :l-arn
and lake the stone on our e3sy terms plan. We send you free
magnif) Ing glass. Any diamond In our
FREE ILLUSTRATED DIAMOND AND WATCH CATALOG
will hr sent lor examination without obligation. Thisi-ft--
Is open to every honest perwin—open to VOU. No!c
tlie wondrrlul values -diown herr Compare these —- „ .
prices with others. We Import the rough Di.i-	j/.jjp

monds. cut them here, save '3 per cent duty
Give the saving to you. Write today for
our lili . CATALOG nnd see oil; Spe-
cial World-Beating Offers. All
duimnniU. ulno watch,-s, bn cai
tvrmn. Send for Catsilui; l^day.

THE WALKER EDMUND CO.

    DIAMOND IMI'onTKRS

Ooot. A
Stale anti Madison,

CHICAGO.

ILL.

40 565.

 4-6 *35.

In answers, anu adv'rtUement on tki9 page it i,	tk„t ..................am.-Stobv Wekki.v.
—enough to polish a small floor, a piano, an
automobile or several pieces of furniture.
Johnson's Prepared Wax is a complete finish and
polish for all floors, linoleum, woodwork, furni-
ture, pianos, and for the body, hood and fenders
of automobiles, limousines and electrics. It is

very clean and easy to use. Gives perfect re-
sults over any finish—varnish, shellac, oil, etc.
Imparts a perfectly hard, dry, artistic finish of
great beauty and durability. It is impervious to
water, scratches, heel-marks, finger-prints,dust
etc. and can easily be kept in perfect condition.

We will send you postpaid
a can of

for the artistic coloring of all wood. With it
inexpensive soft woods may be finished so they
are as beautiful as hard wood. Made in seven-
teen shades including Mahogany, Mission.
Early English. Fumed, etc. Johnson’s Wood

S. C. JOHNSON & SON, Racine, WIs. ' ' I

  I	enclose roc far Instruction Hook on Home	J

Beautifying ami a can of Johnson's l\ef>ared	J

H 11—sufficient for a small floor, an automo-	J

bile, a /nano or several picccs of furniture.	J

Name...................................................... I

Address................................................... I

City or State......................................J

Dye penetrates deeply—is economical—dries
quickly and is very easy to use. It has no equal
for finishing new furniture, woodwork and
floors and for doing over old work of this
character—for staining basketry, etc.

Free Instruction Book

The new edition of our 25c booklet “The
Proper Treatment for Floors, Woodwork, and
Furniture" is just off the press. This book
is the work of famous experts—it is full of
valuable ideas on home beautifying—illustra-
ted in nine colors. L'se the coupon fora copy.

S. C*. JOHNSON & SON

•• Th- H i-urt n,a-MNf/ AuflUHriUr*''

RACING, WIS.

In 'insurer, ny this ajct't:

 n A i

 i:y Werk i.t.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY

VOL. X LV

 Number 4
 > <!> ^

(^irycfer ~JVe

Fred Jackson

      Author of “The Masked Bride," "Business Is Business/* “Mollie of the
      Movies,” " The Cosmic Chord,” etc.

CHAPTER I.

The Accident.

■R. OGDEN BLACKWELL
knew exactly what he was
doing when lie ran his
ninety-horse-power roadster
into the telegraph-pole.

  He always knew exactly
what he was doing and why
he was doing it. He liked knowing
the reason for things.

  All of which proves that the news-
papers that insinuated that he was not
responsible at the time knew nothing
whatever about the adventure. Young
Blackwell himself capitalized the word
when he applied it to the affair.

  To him it was an Adventure. For.
of course, there was a girl in it. and
she was a Beauty. That’s why he ran
the car into the lamp-post.

  Tie was presented with the alterna-
tive of running into the post or run-
ning into the girl; and, naturally, he
chose the post, risking his car and his
own bones without a second’s thought
or hesitation. And this in spite of the
fact that it was the girl’s own fault.

She had darted out from the curb

    i	a-s

without warning—being hidden behind
the post until the instant before she
darted. There was neither time nor
space to apply brakes. So Mr. Black-
well coolly steered the car into the post,
smashed one head-light, bent one mud-
guard. and got a sound jolt against
the steering-wheel himself.

  People screamed, the policeman
from the corner advanced on a lively
trot and arrived just in time to catch
the Beauty, who, womanlike, promptly
fainted when the danger was all over.
A crowd gathered about the motor-car,
from which young Blackwell had de-
scended — to make his way to the
policeman’s side.

  “ If you’ll help her into the car.” he
said. “ I’ll get her out of this. She's
not hurt. Just frightened.”

  The policeman recognized young
Blackwell and greeted him.

“ Yes, sir.” he said. “ That
be best, sir.”

  It was near six o’clock and traffic
was heavy. He lifted the Beauty as
though she were a child and deposited
her beside Mr. Blackwell in the dam-
aged car. Mr. Blackwell tooted his
horn—and running slowlv at first—

w

 rould

577
578

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

gradually increasing speed as the
crowd gave way before him—disap-
peared in the direction of the bridge.

  He had been headed that way, aim-
ing for his father s place on Long
Island where he was expected to dine.
He did not alter his course—not
knowing exactly what destination was
the girl’s. So they ran on for a block
or two in silence. A sidc-glance in-
formed him that she was recovering
—that she was quite aware of where
she was and of what had happened,
but he did not look at her directly
until she spoke.

  “If you will set me down.” she
said at last, in a very uncertain voice.
“ I—think I am—quite myself again."

  Then he turned and smiled a little.
There were still tears on her thick
dark lashes. And she was a Beauty!

  “ You can’t walk on this part of
the bridge.” he said. “ I’ll turn and
take you back. Where do you want

to go ”

  “ I am sorry I’ve caused you so
much trouble.” she said wistfully.
“ It's all my own fault. I ought to
have been killed! I’m afraid you’ve
wrecked your car badly.’’

  “ Not at all,” he answered.
“ Hardly any, in fact.”

  He had halted and was waiting an
opportunity to swing round.

  She shivered a little in spite of her
black furs. There was a chill in the
air. with the first flurry of snow. Mr.
Blackwell regarded her anxiously.

  “ Cold? ” he asked.

  “ A little.” she answered frankly.

  because I’m tired. I think—and—
hungry.”

  He accomplished the turning—then
pulled up and got out a short robe
which he tucked about her.
f( Don t bother.” she protested.
“please. If you’ll just take me as far
as the car-line again, I shall be deeply
grateful. I'm delaying you—I’ve
proved too great an inconvenience al-
ready.’’

  B\it she could not help reveling in
the warmth of the fur robe.

   It was a tiger’s pelt, beautifully soft.
Its black and gold suited her strik-
ingly—for she was slim and rather
pallid, with great dark eyes, and dark
hair, just visible beneath her black hat.
It was a rather serious face at that
moment.

  “ I'll run you home.” he said.
“ You’re too badlv shaken up to wait
for street-cars to-night.”

  “ Please don’t. I'd really much
rather— ” She flushed a little.

  “ It’s bad enough to think of your
using them every other night,” he
growled, looking down at her.

  She stiffened a little, sat a little
further from him and remained silent.

  “ What address?” he asked grimly,
as they left the bridge.

  “ East Fifty-Fourth.” she said,
after biting her lip an instant, and
added the number. He guided the
car between the elevated posts, turned
down—and presently headed west on
Fifty-Fourth.

  It was just growing dark. Every-
where, lights were beginning to
sparkle brightly. And as they pro-
gressed—the rattle of wagons, the
thunder of the elevated, the grinding
rumble of street-cars receded—leav-
ing a certain quiet.

  They telt painfully conscious of
each other, of tli.e unusualness of the
situation, and of their silence. She
spoke first, again.

  “ 'Phe fourth house, there, on the
other side.” she said. And as he
turned and halted—she threw aside
the robe and stepped down, and turn-
ing—faced him.

  An arc light on the corner revealed
them to each other. He saw that she
was very slender, daintily -made, a
sort of child-woman—and that she
was very lovely. She saw that he was
big and strongly modeled—and she
was glad—because adventures were
rare in her little limited existence—
and to have a heroic-looking man for
the hero of this, was good fortune.

I hope you will forgive me.” she
said, holding out her hand to him,
CINDER-EVE.

679

** for running in front of your car and
making you wreck it. I thought I
could get across safely, and the cars
are so slow and that one wasn t very
crowded. I’m sorry—and I'm very
much obliged for your kindness.

Good-by."

  44 Good-by.” said Mr. Blackwell.
“ At least—good-by unless you give
me leave to stop in upon you some
time and convince myself that you
haven’t suffered any ill effects from
this—and that you are quite all right.”
She flushed.

  “ But I am all right! And I
couldn’t think of letting you put your-
self out any further.”

  “ But I should enjoy coming. I
really should. And something unex-
pected may develop.”

  “Do you think so. really?” she
gasped. “ But I wasn’t hurt at all.
Only frightened.”

  “To be quite frank.” he admitted,
“ I don't think you will be any the
worse for your experience—but I
should like to come. Mayn’t I?”
They looked into each other’s eyes.
“ No.” said the girl quietly. “ I
think not.”

  “Why?” he asked, astonished.

  She was flushed, uncomfortable,
but determined.

  “ We don’t know each other.” she
said. “ The fact that I—made you
run into a lamp-post hardly consti-
tutes an introduction.”

   “ Oh ! ” said he. slowly.

  “ And in the ordinary course of
events, we’d not be likely to meet.
You must realize that.”

    ^r11* ^ don't.” She smiled a little.
“ You do. but you don't admit it.
I am a stenographer—in the offices of
Grey & Bailey. You are Ogden
Blackwell, son of Cyrus R. Black-
well one of our possible presidents.”
“ As though any one cared about
such distinctions,” he scoffed.

  " I do. I—don’t think it—quite
lair to me—to continue our acquaint-
ance.”

    Not fair to you? '' he repeated,

leaning toward her over the wheel.
“Why not?"

  “There is too great a gulf between
us. It isn’t possible for us to be
friends. Our—friendship would be
misunderstood and there would be—
gossip—and most disagreeable conse-
quences to me. Oh. there are many,
many reasons why—we’d best—let it
be good-by, Mr. Blackwell. I’m
happy to think you—you’d like to be
friendly. And now—I’m cold and I’m
tired and hungry—and you must be
getting on your wray. Good-by.”

  She held out her hand again. Again
he took it in his.

“ At least,” he said, “ you’ll tell me
your name. I must know how7 to
think of you. And you know mine.”
“ Oh, you are a sort of celebrity.
Yes—if you like. I am Eve Neville.”
“ Eve ? ” he repeated slowly.

  She nodded.

  “ And once I had an ancestress,”
she added, “ who was called Eve—
and who permitted herself to be
tempted by what she ought never to
have had—and she was punished.
And I do not want to suffer and be
punished, so I shall be wiser than she.
Good-by ! ’’ She turned from him.

  “ But—this—” he began.

  “ Good-by,” she said again with an
air of finality, and running lightly up
the steps, disappeared into the door-
way. For an instant, he sat still, star-
ing after her with a most distressing
sensation of disappointment. Then
he slowly tooted away. But all
through his long ride to his father’s
place he kept thinking of her. And
afterward—after he had changed and
had descended to the drawing-room
to be presented to his mother’s guests
—and later, too, when he sat at table
—he was struck by the contrast be-
tween this sort of thing—and the life
Miss Neville had contrived to sug-
gest to him—by the little that she had
said about herself and her world!
Surely, between them there was a
great gulf fixed. But that it was un-
bridgable, he seriously doubted.
580

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  For some hours that night, after he
had gained the solitude of his own
rooms, he sat pondering the question.
More than he had ever wanted any-
thing in his life he wanted to know
this girl—to see her frequently—to
explore the secret places behind that
calm white brow and those wide, dark,
tranquil eyes.

  But he was forced to admit to him-
self that there was something behind
what she had said. A friendship of
any sort between them was likely to
be misconstrued. In the end, after
several sleepless hours, Mr. Blackwell
decided to abide by her decision and
to forget her as speedily as he could.

  Whether or not he was simply de-
ceiving himself in this will never be
known. He realized that to press his
acquaintance with her would be ta-
king an advantage—and in his code of
honor, gentlemen never took unfair
advantage of ladies.

  But he did not forget her. For
three days he tried—or pretended to
try. He went about as usual, amusing
himself, or trying to amuse himself.
It was a sorry business. He had long
ago tired of most known forms of
amusement.

  Then on the fourth day he sent her
some violets and a note. He sent them
to the Fifty-Fourth Street house in
her name. In the note he said:

My dear Miss Neville:

   For the past three clays I have resolutely
attempted to forget all about you and
ignore the fact that you exist, feut it is
simply no use. I can't help wondering if
you are all right. Couldn’t we be friends
without taking the whole world into our
confidence, if you are afraid of gossip?
At least, mayn’t I stop in just once to see
you and assure myself that vou are well
and contented? Be kind. Frankly, the
little time we were together you interested
me very much, and I should like to know
you better. I should like it more than I
have liked anything in a long time. If we
know our friendship is harmless, does it
matter about what other, evil-minded
people suspect? Please drop me a line,
reversing your decision.

   In great anxiety, very sincerely yours,
   Ogden Blackwell.

  To this, upon the following day,

came her answer:

My deak Mr. Blackwell:

  The interest you feel in me is simply the
result of the glamour our foolish little ac-
cident threw about me. Analyze it your-
self. and you will agree with me that it
could be nothing else. I am not of your
world. We probably have nothing in com-
mon. You are a gilded idler. I toil.

  In the short half-hour we were together
in your car we talked only such common-
places as were suggested by the situation.
To be sure, I am pretty. But the sort of
friendships 1 care about do not result from
the prettiness of the persons concerned.

  Thank you very much for your violets,
which I have enjoyed. You must not send
me any more, however, and you must not
begin to lay siege. It is no use, frankly.
We cannot be friends. 1 should like to be,
but we cannot. I know you will be gen-
erous enough to abide by my decision in
this matter and to see the wisdom of it
Very sincerely yours.

Eve Neville.

  P. S.—I suffered no inconvenience from
my fright, I assure you. Nothing devel-
oped. Set your mind at rest.

E. N.

CHAPTER II.

A Business Transaction.

IT is the nature of man to desire that
which is denied him. In justice to
Blackwell, it is necessary to admit
that he would probably have been keen
about continuing his acquaintance with
Eve, even if she had not held him off.

  But he w’as the more keen, for the
obstacles she threw in his way. It be-
came little less than an obsession with
him to overcome her objections and
overtake her. He set his wits to work
to contrive this—and being a clever
young man when he bothered to be, he
evolved a scheme that promised some-
thing. It was revealed to the lady in
his answering letter:

My dear Miss Neville:

  In justice to myself I really can’t per-
mit you to underestimate me and to hold
such an erroneous view of the situation
existing between us. It is not because you
are pretty that I desired to continue your
CINDER-EVE.

581

acquaintance. In our conversation the
other day it seemed to me that a sort of
harmony existed between us, placing us in
accord, and when — added to this — you
mentioned that you are a stenographer, I
was seized with an inspiration. Let me
explain—in absolute confidence, if you
please.

  To begin with, I am not the idler you—
and the rest of the world, for that matter
—suppose ! I am a very busy man. For
some time I have been engaged in the
writing of a novel. And try as I may, it
has seemed impossible to get hold of a
stenographer who will take dictation from
me without interrupting or breaking my
train of thought or offering suggestions
or precipitating her own personality into
my work. T was at my wit’s end when the
accident happened. I had just discharged
my eleventh stenographer for foolish gig-
gling ! It struck me as—possibly—the in-
tervention of Providence when you in-
formed me so casually that you are a
stenographer. Now the secret is out, you
see. I had in mind to offer you a position
which would be better than the one you are
at present holding — providing, of course,
you proved — on better acquaintance — as
much in accord with me as I thought you
would.

  Now, may I come to see you about this?
The book really must be completed. I want
your answer with impatience.

Very sincerely yours,

Ogden Black welt..

  At first he had thought of engaging
in some sort of imaginary business,
but he soon abandoned that idea, re-
alizing that the invention of business
letters eternally would lead him into
difficulties. Besides, the letters would
have to be mailed—and, of course, that
wasn’t possible. They’d all be coming
back from their bogus addresses by
way of the Dead-Letter Office.

  The next thing that occurred to him
was being an author. lie knew abso-
lutely nothing about being an author,
but he thought it would not be a diffi-
cult task to pretend to be one. He
assumed that every author is different
from every other one in his methods
of work and so on.

  Every way he considered the matter
an author was the easiest thing he
could be—requiring the services of a
stenographer. He was determined to
batter down the barriers between them.

—by fair means or foul. If she wfculd
not be friends with him. she should be
his stenographer, and the world could
find nothing to object to in that—and
tc gossip about. All men had stenog-
raphers.

  However, Miss Neville was not
quite so gullible as he hoped she would
be. She answered simply:

   “ It’s no use.”

  And signed the letter—if you could
call it a letter—“ E. Neville.”

  In great indignation then, that very
evening, Mr. Blackwell called.

  Miss Neville resided in a very old-
fashioned apartment house. It was
four stories high, and she lived in the
top apartment. Finding the name on
the bell in the vestibule, Mr. Black-
well rang—and when the ticking at
the door notified him he admitted him-
self and climbed the stairs.

  She came to the upper door herself,
so she could not deny him. Before
she had recovered from her astonish-
ment he was stalking past her into the
drawing-room—and there was nothing
for her to do but meekly follow.

  “ I have come,” he announced firm-
ly, “ to find out why you cast such an
insinuation at me? Have I deserved
that you think me a falsifier?”

  Miss Neville smiled a little, reveal-
ing two very notable dimples. And
when she smiled she was really irre-
sistible.

  “ I’m sorry if I offended you.” she
said contritely. “ But your explana-
tion was so remarkable.”

  He glared and scowled.

  “ Is it so remarkable that I am
writing a book? Does it seem so un-
likely? Do I appear an utter im-
becile ? ”

  “ Oh, no,” replied Miss Neville
hastily. “ but you don’t seem at all the
sort of person who writes books. And
I—I’d never heard that you were en-
gaged that way. And— Well, it all
seemed so unlikely.”

  “ That's hardly grounds for insinu-
ating that I am inventing reasons for
knowing you, ’ said he indignantly.
682

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  She flushed.

  “ You should have mentioned it
when we first met—and you shouldn’t
have sent me flowers. That led me off
on the wrong trail, you see. Won’t you

sit down?”

  They had been standing, facing
each other under the central chan-
delier—Blackwell in evening clothes, a
white gardenia in his buttonhole, his
gloves still on, his topcoat open, his
hat and stick in his hands. Miss Ne-
ville was in a simple house-gown of
some soft, pale pink stuff. And she
held a book—her linger marking the
place.

  “ Thank you,” said he. seating him-
self a little stiffly on a fat. green-plush
chair.

  “ You’d better lay aside your
things.” she added, smiling. “ I sup-
pose I must he polite now, so long as
you are here.”

  Pie rose angrily.

  “I’ll go, if you prefer,” he said.

  “ Not at all. I told you I should like
to be friends with you. It’s only other
people standing in the way. I’ve so
much to contend with as it is. I didn’t
fancy complicating things any more.”

  She was taking his hat and stick.
He threw off his topcoat and began
to draw off his gloves.

  “ How much do you get at Grey &
Bailey’s?” he asked. “You’ll pardon
the question, if I seem to be taking a
liberty. I ask for business reasons
purely.”

  “ T quite understand.” she answered
slowly. “ T am paid eighteen dollars
a week.”

  He looked horrified.

  “ Eighteen? And what are the
hours? ”

  He gasped in indignation.

  “ Eight-thirty to five.”

  “ That’s criminal! ” he cried. “ It’s
atrocious. I will pay you thirty-five a
week, and you need work only morn-
ings.”

  She stared and then laughed a little,
and shook her head at him.

  “ Don’t you see? ” she said. “ You

make it so hard for me to believe

vou.”

 “Why?”

  “ It’s too much money for such
short hours. You could get the most
experienced stenographer for less than
that.”

  “ But I refuse to pay wages that
will torment my conscience. Besides,
I’m very trying. I'm difficult to get
on with when I’m in the throes of

composition. You’ve no idea.”

  She opened wide eyes and consid-
ered him thoughtfully.

  “ Did you pay your last stenog-
rapher this rate? ”

  “ I pay all mv stenographers at this
rate.”

  “ And still you find it hard to get

suited ? ”

  “ Almost impossible. Their—their
personalities annoy me. I have very
bad luck. Perhaps you think me less
susceptible to insignificant details than
I am. I have a sensitive nature.”

  She smiled.

  “ I might prove equallv undesira-
ble.”

  “ I am sure you wouldn't. I was
sure of it the instant I saw you. I said
to myself—or rather thought—‘ Here
is the verv girl for you. Here is
the one you’ve been looking for at
last! ”

  “ Meaning stenographer, of course,”
said Miss Neville, flushing.

  “ Of course.” cried Mr. Blackwell
innocently.

  She reflected, toying with the book
iri her lap absently.

  “ Of what would mv duties con-
sist? ”

  “ Taking dictation chiefly. I dic-
tate the book. You take it down in
shorthand and type it later. Then you
return the sheets to me for revision
and correction. I can work only in
the mornings. I work very slowly.
Some days I cannot work at all. These
days 3'ou will have free.”

   “ Are there letters, too, and so on ? ”

  “ Almost never. I attend to all that
myself.”
riNDER-EVE.

583

  “ But it sounds ridiculously simple.”
“You would like to try it, then?”
said Mr. Blackwell eagerly.

  She hesitated.

  “ Or do you still doubt me and
my reasons for persisting in knowing

you ? ”

  “ N-no—but Grey & Bailey have
been very good to me. In a way I
dislike leaving them. And 1 may not
give yon satisfaction. I've a certain
position now and a certain fixed in-
come. That’s an advantage, you see—
especially when one is the man of the
family, as I am. This household rests
chiefly on my shoulders.”

  “That’s rather a burden, isn’t it?”
he said. And it seemed to him almost
a sacrilege. But he carefully kept his
feelings to himself. “ How many do
you support on this eighteen dollars a
week, may I ask? ”

  “ My mother and my sister. She’s
still at school.”

  “ Three. It seems incredible. I
should think the increase I offer you
would be a great advantage.”

  “ It would be.”

  He leaned toward her.

  “ Suppose we agree that the ar-
rangement is to last a definite number
of weeks. Would that insure you
against risk? And I'd agree to give
you—say a month’s notice, if your
services should prove unsuitable. But,
of course, I know they will not.”

  She lay back in her chair, studying
him.

  “ What is the name of your book? ”
she asked.

  Under her curious eyes his glance
rested upon the carpet. He had not
thought out a name. On the spur of
the moment he seized upon the first
suggestion that came to him. The
carpet was of pale green with pale pink
roses on it and yellow butterflies.

  “Butterflies!” he said, raising his
eyes calmly.

  “ Butterflies? " she repeated curious-
ly. “ It sounds very attractive, but not
at all unusual.”

  “ It’s rather difficult to get an un-

usual title nowadays,” said he. “Every-
thing’s been chosen. Oh. I've not really
settled upon ‘ Butterflies ’ definitely.
If I think of a better title as the story
progresses, of course I’ll choose it.”

  “ I see. Is much of your story
written? ”

  “ About one-fourth.” he replied at
random, “ but I’ve been thinking of
doing even that over—and of making
some improvements.”

  “ Tell me the plot,” said Miss Ne-
ville, leaning back in her chair and
clasping her hands behind her head.
Her eyes were alight with eager in-
terest, her red lips fell a bit apart,
there was a tinge of color in her
cheeks. She looked very lovely—and
Mr. Blackwell found some difficulty in
keeping his head.

  “ I shouldn't think of it,” he said.
“ You’d be horribly bored.”

  “ Nonsense. I should be interested.”
“ Anyway, I tell things badly. I’d
much rather have you wait and find
out as we go along.”

   As a matter of fact, he couldn’t have
invented a plot to save his life.

  “But just the general theme?” she
suggested wistfully. “ Tust in a word
or two. You can outline the idea of
it, can’t you? ”

  “ I could,'* he said, “ of course,
but— Well, what should you think
the theme would be ? ”

   “ It's not about real butterflies, of
course.” she said meditatively.

  “ Of course not.”

  “ You said a novel.”

   “ Ye-es.”

  “ So it must be a story. Is it about
gay idlers — butterfly people? That’s
it. You’d know a lot about that sort
of thing.”

She beamed at her own perspicacity.
“ I don’t know why you persist in
calling me an idler in a tone that makes
it an insult, especially now when I’ve
told you my secret about the book.”

   “ I didn't mean that you are an idler.
I meant that you were born into that
set, you know. Was I right about the
general idea of your story?”
584

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

   “ Yes. It’s a society story.”

   “ A love-story? ”

   “Of course.”

   He was very emphatic about it.

   “ Fancy your being able to write
 love-stories,” she cried vvonderingly.
 “ You don't look at all like it. Are
 you writing from experience or from
 observation and imagination?”

   “ A little of each." said he wisely.
 ** But. I say, haven’t we talked quite
 enough about me? ”

  “Have I been rude and curious?”
 she asked, flushing. “ I’m sorry. I
 didn’t mean to be. But I suppose you
 do dislike talking shop. Most of us
 do.”

   “ I'm lots more interested in other
 things.” he admitted.

   “ Not really more than in your own
 work ? ”

   u We-ell. n-no. But—”

  “ I understand. You get so much
 of it during business hours.”

   “ Exactly.”

   “ I should have known that/' said
 she. but you see I’ve aspirations to
 write myself, and that’s why I was
 interested.”

   “ Not really? ” he cried.

   She nodded proudly.

   “ But we won’t talk about it,” she
 said. “ What shall we talk about? ”

   “ Let’s talk about you,” he sug-
 gested pleasantly.

   She smiled and shook her head.

   “ There’s nothing about me to talk
 of. Nothing interesting.”

   “ Everything about you would in-
 terest me. I’m sure,” said he.

   She opened her eyes.

   “ Why should it? ”

  Because I — I’m interested in
 studying people—types-for my book,
 you know. Everybody interests me.”

   I see—in a purelv professional
 wav.”

   “ Ve-es.”
 l’»nt L don’t think I fancy being put
 under your microscope.”

   “ You’ve nothing to fear, surelv,”
 said he.

   “1o think.” she murmured irrele-

 vantly. “ how mistaken people are
 about you. They think you a useless,
 spoiled, overrich and pampered idler
 of fashion—a sort of Beau Brummel
 —and all the time you are devoting
 yourself to writing this book and
 studying people to put into it. It’s a
 sort of game with you. isn’t it? You
 can find out more about people by pre-
 tending you’ve no reason for wanting
 to know, and that you don’t care
 whether you know or not. You must
 be awfully clever.”

   He wasn’t quite sure whether she
 had seen through him and was amus-
 ing herself with him—or whether she
 had believed all of his fabrications.

   “ Do people think such uncompli-
 mentary things about me?" he asked
 curiously.

   “ You know they do. I dare say
 you help to create the impression.”

    “ I’d no idea they thought about me

 •	at all.”

   “Of course they do—especially just
 now when your father is in the public
 eye as a political possibility.”

    “ It’s a disadvantage having a cele-
 brated father.”

   “ And a wealthy one, too.” she
 added thoughtfully.

   “ What makes you <ay that?”

   “ It's seldom the son of a moneyed
 man has any ambition to distinguish
 himself. He’s usually contented to
 spend his father’s acquisitions.” *

    “ I suppose that’s true.”

   “ That’s why I admire you." said
 she; and then stopped suddenly, re-
 alizing that she had said more than she
 intended, and flushing crimson. He
 regarded her, fascinated.

    " Thank you.' he said slowly. “ It’s
 bully of you to say it. anyway.”

    He was sure that she had been teach-
 ing him a lesson. \nd in some hu-
 mility and discomfort and embarrass-
 ment be rose.

   “ Not going?" <he cried sweetly.

    “ Yes. I think I must.’’

   “ But you must meet rav mother
 first.”

   She moved to the portieres at the
CINDER-EVE.

685

 door, and, turning, nodded slightly as
 for pardon, and left him alone. He
 struggled into his topcoat and began to
 draw on one glove. Before he had got
 it fastened Miss Neville returned, fol-
 lowed by a small, robust, cheerful-
 looking little woman dressed in black.
 She had white hair dressed with jet
 combs and white collar and cuffs.

  “Mr. Blackwell?" she said cor-
dially. “ Eve has spoken of you. I'm
very glad to know you. Won’t you
have some fruit before you go?
Eve!”

  “ No, thanks,” said he. “ Really—
not. I dined late.”

  “ Some cocoa, then? It’s cold out-
side. Some cookies?”

  “ Another time gladly,” said he.
“ I’m really not able to do justice to
them now.”

  “ Don’t be bashful,” she said with
twinkling eyes. “ But I take it. you
are not. Very well. Another time.
We shall hope to see you soon again,
Mr. Blackwell.”

  “ Thank you,” said Blackwell.
“ Good night! ”

  Mrs. Neville departed. Blackwell
took up his hat and stick and preceded
Eve to the door.

  “ Good night.” he said.

  “ Good night,” said Eve.

  They shook hands.

  “ When do I report for duty? ” she
asked then.

  He was startled, incredulous. He
stared searchingly into her eyes. There
was no mockery there, no mischief, no
scorn. She had evidently taken him
seriously after all. She had not
pointed a moral.

  “How soon can you come?” he
asked. “ I should like to get on as
soon as possible.”

  “The day after to-morrow?” she
suggested.

  “ Splendid.”

  “ And where do I report?”

  “ At my father’s house—up the
avenue. I have a sort of study there.”
She nodded.

  “And the time?”

   “ Nine.”

   “ I shall be there,” said Eve, simply.

  Blackwell descended the four
flights of stairs in astounding good
humor. And that night he could
hardly sleep for delight at the success
of his scheme.

CHAPTER III.

Troubles of Another.

HOWEVER, the most serious
drawback now confronted him.
He had got a stenographer who
believed him to be an author—and he
could not even compose a good letter.
If he. would keep her deceived he must
speedily develop the ability to reel off
endless literary matter—and this ne-
cessitated the memorizing of pages
and pages of somebody else’s crea-
tions.

   He would have to spend his nights
in study in order to keep up the de-
ception—or so he thought at first.
He went to the nearest public library
and asked a good-natured librarian
for the most unpopular but interesting
book of fiction she had. stipulating
that it must chronicle the doings of
(ultra-smart society.

   She was so used to supplying un-
usual demands that she expressed no
wonder or curiosity at this one. but
simply classified-Mr. Blackwell men-
tally as a “ freak.” The book that
was forthcoming was an old English
novel, in six thick volumes, written
by a lady named Ann De Ortha, and
called “The Mistress of the Manse.”
Mr. Blackwell had never heard of it
in his life, and after reading a few
pages here and there, he fancied that
very few others of his generation had.

   Proudly he bore his treasure home
and set about memorizing enough to
form the first day’s work with Eve.
But he had flattered himself. It was
easier to plan memorizing it than
actually to memorize it. After two
solid hours he called a halt and sought
some means of escape from so much
586

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

needless labor. And he who seeks

shall find.	.

  Mr Blackwell—possessing himselt
of bis fathers study—arranged it
after a manner of his own in prepa-
ration for the morrow's toil. Since
the rest of the family was still at the
Long Island place, and only the ser-
vants were about, there was no one
to question him.

  Upon the following morning Miss
Neville presented herself precisely at
nine, and was ushered by the footman
into the study. There Mr. Blackwell
greeted her.

  He wore a lounge-coat of blue vel-
vet (especially purchased for its ar-
tistic air), his dark hair was tousled
just enough to make it look careless.
He desired to create the impression
that already his mind was busy, and
that hair was too insignificant to in-
terest him. In his dark blue eyes
dwelt a serious and soulful look.

  “ Have you breakfasted? ” he asked
as Miss Neville removed her small,
plain, businesslike hat before the mir-
ror, patted her hair into order, and
produced her pencils and a note-book.

  “ Certainly,” said she. somewhat
astonished. “ Does your stenographer
usually breakfast with yon?”

  “ Sometimes,” said he. “ but since
you have breakfasted, perhaps we’d
better get to work at once. I want to
accomplish a great *deal to-day. I
feel that I can accomplish a great deal.
We are going to begin at the begin-
ning again.”

  She took her place at the side of
his desk, ready to take dictation.

  Mr. Blackwell rose and moved
toward a screen that stood in one cor-
ner by a window.

  “ I always dictate from behind
this, he said. “ T get self-conscious
and nervous when I can see the sten-
ographer. I feel so foolish saving
things that look all right written.
And her eyes always bore through me
if I pause a moment to think. Back
here I can pretend that I am alone in
the room.”

  He looked at her anxiously to see
if she was crediting him. She seemed
to be. He departed behind the screen.

  “Can you hear me distinctly?” he
asked, seating himself in a comfort-
able chair, arranged for him before-
hand. and letting his eyes wander ap-
provingly over a smoking stand, a pile
of cigars and cigarettes, a cellaret
supplied with liquid refreshment, and
a low stand on which the four vol-
umes of “ The Mistress of the
Manse ” reposed. The first volume
was open at the first page. He seated
himself comfortably, drew the volume
toward him, lighted a cigar.

  “ I hear you perfectly,” said Miss
Neville.

  He glanced at her suspiciously
through the peep-hole in the screen.
She was bent over her note-book in
an attitude of deep attention. He
paused an instant, admiring her.
Then he began:

  “ Butterflies, a four-part novel by
Ogden Blackwell.”

  He waited.

  “ Yes,” said Miss Neville.

  “ It was a clear, cold, starlit night
in early November,” he began. He
read in a pleasant voice, glancing up
as often as possible to watch her
through the screen. “ Lady Merri-
man emerged from her coach—” And
so on, dictating word for word as it
was written, but halting now and then
dramatically, as though to think of
what he wanted to say next. As he
read Miss Neville took it all down in
shorthand. And with endless satis-
faction he observed that she seemed
surprised and pleased with his humble
attempts at literature.

  As a matter of fact. Mistress Ann
De Ortha had not an uninteresting
style, and her tale—if somewhat sen-
sational for these realistic times—
was not in the least dull. Mr. Black-
well brought it up to date. He skipped
the long descriptions in which she
seemed to revel and substituted auto-
mobiles and private yachts for coaches
and riding parties. It was amusing to
CINDER-EVE.

587

see what he really could do with it.
But it was in the love scenes he really
scintillated.

  He gave them with such force and
fervor and fire and emphasis that
Miss Neville was forced to marvel—
and in the end—when he suddenly
called a halt, remembering that her
fingers would be getting tired holding
the pencil—she congratulated him
warmly.

  “Are we through for the day?”
she asked in some astonishment as he
came from behind the screen, running
his fingers through his hair in a truly
literary fashion, and wishing that it
was longer.

  “ Indeed we are,” he said. “ How
long do you suppose I can sit in there
at a time reading that stuff.”

  “ Reading it?” she repeated.

  He caught himself up.

  “ From my notes, of course. You
didn't suppose I was really composing
then? Dear me, no!” He shook his
head in gentle negation. “ I’m refin-
ing it—polishing—improving. If you
notice any inconsistencies as we go
on, don’t fail to call my attention.”
“ I'll not,” replied Miss Neville,
putting aside her note-book and pen-
cils. “ And when do I type this,
now? ”

  “ Have you much ? ” he asked.

  “ Enough to fill twenty pages,
typed. I should say.”

  “ How long will that take you? ”
She glanced critically through her
notes.

  “ Three or four hours, perhaps.”

  “ You’d better do that to-morrow
morning, then. We’ll go on that plan.
One morning we’ll dictate and on the
next one, type and correct.”

But we’ve the afternoons?”

  “ I never work in the afternoons.”
said he. “ T don't believe in overdo-
ing anything. You can do better if
you go at it fresh every time. Besides
in the afternoons I go about to—to
places that I am going to put into
the story and get—well what we writ-
ers call local color ’—and take notes.

and so on. This afternoon, for in-
stance, we are going to motor to a
very charming inn out the road, and
take tea and watch them play winter
polo.”

“ We? ” cried Miss Neville, staring.
“ To be sure. I—I shall want you
to—take notes, and remember things
for me. I—I’ve a rotten memory.”
“ Oh,” she said slowly. “ Then I
do work afternoons.”

  “Didn’t I explain about that?” he
cried, astonished. “ I thought you
understood. Of course, it isn't ex-
actly work because it is entertain-
ment, too, in a way—and all that.
But I shall require your presence
every afternoon and many evenings.”
“Evenings?” she repeated, rising
and regarding him thought fully.

  “ Well—there are theaters, you
know—and opera—and the gay
cafes. Mistress Evelyn and the Lady
Esmerelda Merriman drift through
all the popular gaieties.”

  Miss Neville considered him, her
pencil pressed against her full red
lips, her dark eyes grave.

  “ Let us understand this.” she said.
“ My time is going to be all taken up
—instead of just the mornings as you
led me to believe.”

  “Did I?" he cried contritely.

  “ You did.”

  “ Well, well,” he exclaimed un-
easily. “ I—I’m more than sorry. I
—I'm afraid I've not a very good
business head. It was carelessness.
I—suppose we raise the salary, then,
to compensate.”

  ‘‘ Give me more than thirty-five?”
“ If you accepted thirty-five thinking
that you would be required only in the
mornings, and I am going to need you
afternoons and evenings, too. I think
a hundred is not too much.”

  She laughed.

  “ You aren’t much of a business
man, she admitted. “ A hundred a
week for an ordinary stenographer
who has never gotten more than eigh-
teen.”	5

Am I to blame if people haven’t
588

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

appreciated you?" he cried im-
patiently. “ You are not an ordinary
stenographer. You are a very extra-
ordinary stenographer. You are the
most extraordinary stenographer I
have ever employed.”

  Which was quite true.

  " In what way am I so extraor-
dinary? ” she asked artlessly.

  “ You sit still. You don’t fidget.
You don’t giggle. You don't inter-
rupt, sniffle, cough, nor sneeze.”

  That wasn’t at all what he meant,
but it was what he said—warned by
her suspicious eyes.

  “ It's going to cause comment,
when I’m seen about with you,” she
said slowly. “ You’re so well known
—and I—I’ve hardly any clothes that
are suitable to—going about.”

  “ An additional reason why you
should have an additional salary. You
wouldn’t have required the clothes. I
take it, it I hadn’t insisted upon tak-
ing you about.”

  She flushed.

  “ I think I shall have to have my
mother, too. It is only fair to me.”

  “ Do you really think so? ” he
asked regretfully.

  “ Most people like my mother and
are honored to know her and to be
with her,” said Miss Neville. “ She
was a Hampton of South Carolina.”
“ Dear me,” said he. “You misun-
derstand me. Don’t do it! I detest
people who misunderstand me. I sim-
ply thought it would all bore your
mother and tire her out—and I
thought—well—somehow—the pres-
ence of other people always makes me
more or less self-con sc iots and unable
to work well. But. of course, if you
cant go about without your mother
we will have her. by all means.”

  “ I'll think it over," said Miss
Neville. “ I shouldn’t like to inter-
fere with your work.”

  There came a knock at the door.
Timmons, the aged Blackwell butler,
responded to Blackwell’s “ Come.”
“Luncheon is served, if you
please, sir,” he said.

  “ We’ll be down directly,” said
Blackwell, nodding. Timmons de-
parted. Miss Neville stared.

  “ I am lunching here? ’’ she asked.
“ Surely. It would be absurd for
you to go away to lunch when we are
going out immediately afterward.”

  “ I see,” she cried, nodding. “I
told my mother I would be back. And
she—we have no telephone—and she’s
apt to worry. Naturally, the thought
that I—am compelled to—go to men's
offices and rooms, worries her a lit-
tle. She doesn’t seem to realize how
well able I am to take care of my-
self.”

  “ We can stop there and relieve
her anxiety on our way to the inn,”
said he. “Shall we go down now?”
They went—Miss Neville observ-
ing the hallway and dining-room with
approving eyes.

  “ Do you often have to go to men's
rooms?” he asked, as they seated
themselves opposite each other at the
small, oval table.

  “ I've had to do it only once before
—when Mr. Grey was ill. But, of
course, his wife was there and so on.
It wasn’t difficult at all. It was very
hard to come here to-day though.”
She confessed this with a faint flush
and a timid smile.

  “Not really?” he asked, troubled.
“ I didn’t know you. you see—and
—you acted—at first—at least I got
the impression that—you admired me.
But T had to trust you. Your offer
was simply too glorious to refuse—
with the youngster coming on to need
winter things—and thinking of board-
ing school, too. and everything. Thir-
ty-five dollars a week seemed like a
fortune after eighteen.”

  “ But it’s a hundred now—not
thirty-five.”

  “Nonsense,” she cried, her dark
eyes widening, her color deei>ening.
I couldn’t take so much.”

  “ But think of the time you will be
spending! ”

  “ Amusing myself. It isn’t such a
fearful fate.”
CINDER-EVE.

589

  “ And the clothes you will require.”
“ That is a consideration,” she ad-
mitted. “ I shouldn't like you to feel
uncomfortable on my account.”

  “ A hundred a week it is, then,”
said he. “ That’s agreed.”

  “Of course I do believe all you
have told me now,” she said slowly,
“ and I suppose you are satisfied that
you are making a good bargain, but
it’s wonderful luck for me that I ran
in front of vour car. Heaven knows
how much longer I should have been
tied down to that eighteen dollars a
week, and the sort of life my income
necessitated—no fun—no larks—no
—or at least—very few good times.”
“ Please don’t,” said Mr. Black-
well, wistfully.

  “ Don’t what?”

  “ Don’t remind me of all that. . I
can’t bear to think of it.”

  “Why?” she asked mildly.

  “ It’s such a beastly world,” he an-
nounced disgustedly. “ Some have
too much, and the rest, hardly any at
all. I’ve had more than enough to—
to share.”

  She sighed.

  “ I suppose there’s a reason for it
or it wouldn’t be,” she said, philo-
sophically. “ Only—we’re all too lit-
tle to see the reason.”

  “How old are you?” asked Mr.
Blackwell curiousty.

  “Twenty,” said Eve.

  “ You don’t look it—not by a good
deal.”

  “Really? I feel hideously old—or
T did. I should say. Of course, my
new salary rejuvenates me. We'll not
have to stint much now. I suppose
you’ve no idea what stinting means?”
41 We-ell. No,” he admitted
gravely.

  “ It’s not at all pleasant.” she told
him. “ I—I am infinitely grateful to
you for putting an end to it. Can I
say that to you without your misun-
derstanding? ’’

  “ You can say anything to me with-
out my misunderstanding,” said
young Blackwell.

   She nodded slowly.

  “ I think that is so. You have a
sort of understanding look. I noticed
in your book, too, your knowledge of
character-drawing seems to be excel-
lent—and you go into great details in
description. You must be very ob-
servant.”

  “ I am.” he acknowledged, non-
chalantly.

   She buttered a bit of toast and pop-
ped it into her red mouth. He stared
—fascinated—wishing that she would
do it agaiu.

  “ What do you think of the book
as far as we’ve gone?” he asked.
“Frankly, now?”

   “ I like it. It’s not at all what I
expected though. You’re so big and
strong and vital-looking. Your style
has a—well a soft touch I hadn’t an-
ticipated.”

   “ Oh.” said he.

   “ Generally, it seems to be a lot like
Walpole’s ‘ Castle of Otranto ! and that
school. I suppose you’ve read them? ”

  “ Can’t say I have,” answered
Blackwell.

  “ You’d find them entertaining,”
said she. “ And instructive, too.
Nothing is more instructive than a
wide knowledge of books.”

  That afternoon they motored out
the road to see the winter polo—Miss
Neville changing to her very best
clothes when they stopped to notify
Mrs. Neville about her additional
hours. They dined at the Inn after-
ward, and motored back to town to
see a show.

  Then they had supper—and a very
weary, though very happy Eve i't
was, who combed her long dark hair
before her mother's dressing table—
as she reported the day’s doings. And
yet, it was not a sleepy creature who
reported the next day at nine. Youth
doesn't require so very much sleep,
and after her years of f stinting ’ the
plunge of gaiety brought all that was
lresh and joyous and young in Eve
to the surface.
69©

  She was a girl, after all. if she had
borne a man's burdens for three long
vear« Mr. Blackwell had toiled for
an hour or two in the night, planning
the portion of the story to be dictated
next day and deciding how it could tie

altered.	.

  Accordingly, his heroine, Mistress

Evelyn Pomphrey, niece of Lady
Merriman, announced her intention
of visiting the shops—prior to a visit
to the States—and Blackwell in-
formed his stenographer that he knew
nothing of shopping and must learn.

  So " that second afternoon they
shopped. Miss Neville bought clothes
—at first demurring—objecting—ar-
guing—but eventually giving in,
when it was agreed that the sum total
of her purchases should he subtracted
from her weekly wage.

  Mr. Blackwell had the most excit-
ing time of his young career selecting
things for her, for she was slender
and graceful and lovely—and there
was nothing she couldn’t wear. Her
hair and eyes were dark, her skin fair
—and already beginning to lose that
colorlessness that he had marked the
day of the accident. The cold air
may have whipped a tinge of color
into her cheeks, or the fact that the
salespersons exchanged significant
glances over them, may have had
something to do with it. At any rate
they chose hats—a black and white
fur one—and an a 11-brown one with
burnt-orange plumage, and a dark
blue one of unspeakable chic, and
hair ornaments of maline-and-gold
embroidery, and aigrets, and an
evening wrap of black velvet and
white fur, and another of royal pur-
ple velvet and white fur. and another
all white, and four evening gowns—
a white one, a pale yellow one, a pale
pink one, and a pale blue one—with
slippers and stockings and gloves to
match—handkerchiefs, blouses, a suit
or two—a heavy fur coat for motor-
ing, with a toque to match, and neces-
sary odds and ends of jeweled knick-
knacks.

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Shopping to a woman is like some
intoxicating wine of marvelous
bouquet—and like some irresistible
poison. The firmest will falters.

  So despite Miss Neville’s initial
struggles to oppose him. he persisted
—ordering one thing after another—
until her heart sank at the thought of
the money they had spent—and she
dreaded to estimate how many years
she would have to continue as his
stenographer in «>rder to liquidate her
debts^ But he shrugged when she
mentioned this, and remarked that she
required the clothes in order to fulfil
her duties. And this was unanswer-
able.

  That night he agreed to her sug-
gestion that she remain at home to
try on her new clothes and dispose of
them to advantage. The thought of
losing her even for that once was al-
most unendurable, hut he yielded re-
luctantly and spent the time at a din-
ner-dance, given by his sister, where
he regarded all the ladies in attend-
ance and made ungallant remarks to
himself about them, comparing them
much to their disadvantage with
some one that he knew.

  And he got away early—realizing
that he preferred the mere thought
of her to the living presence of these
other women—and back he went to
his rooms, to sit and smoke in the li-
brary over “ Mistress of the Manse,”
and plan the chapter for next day.
At last he went to bed determined to
dream of her, and was very much an-
noyed, upon awakening the next
morning, to find he had not done so.

  Miss Neville, meanwhile, had been
like a youngster again—trying on all
the newr garments before her mirror—
while her mother and Frankie looked
on, and marvelled, and applauded.

  It was their firm and fixed belief
that Eve was the most beautiful per-
son in the world any way, and that
now, with these clothes for a setting,
others would begin to realize it. And
Eve was forced to admit to herself
that she was not exactly plain. After-
CINDER-EVE.

591

ward, Frankie had been permitted to
pin up her curls and try on the finery
—her airs and graces sending Mrs.
Neville and Eve into peals of laugh-
ter. Altogether, the top-floor flat,
at number—something-or-other Fifty-
Fourth Street, resounded with more
merriment than it had seen this many
a da)'. Eve, staring at the stars, later
on, her cheek pillowed on her arm,
decided that it was not such a very
bad world, after all.

CHAPTER IV.

Smoothing a Few Wrinkles.

MR. BLACKWELL had been seen
about with a beautiful, young,
and unknown lady for no more
than a week, when word of his proba-
ble entanglement was whispered into
the ear of Cyrus R., and that gentle-
man abandoned his business affairs
and political meetings, postponed his
appointments and came up to town in
haste to look into the matter.

  Arriving at the door of the study
one morning somewhere about eleven,
having been guided that far somewhat
reluctantly by Timmons, he was
amazed to hear in his son’s voice:

  “ For years I’ve loved you madly,
Evelyn. The first time I saw you I
adored you. I have never ceased
adoring you.”

  To say that Mr. Blackwell was
startled is to undershoot the mark by
a great deal. He was far from ex-
pecting to find the object of his dis-
pleasure here within his very study—
but he rejoiced to realize that he had
arrived at such an opportune moment.
Let some definite understanding be
arrived at before he could interfere,
he opened the door without knocking.

  To his astonishment there was no
sign of Ogden, but at his own desk sat
an exceedingly attractive, dark-haired
young woman, writing in a thick note-
book.

  She glanced up in some surprise at
the sound of the opening door and

surveyed Cyrus R. without enthusiasm.
At the same instant, while Cyrus R.
and the strange young woman were
taking account of each other, young
Ogden Blackwell’s voice sounded
again. His father now discovered that
il emerged from behind the screen.

  “ What care I for the difference in
our rank?" Ogden was crying val-
iantly. “ Love cannot be governed by
such a small thing as earthly rank.”

  Cyrus R. nodded slightly to the
young woman at the desk, entered,
closed the door behind him, and ad-
vanced.

  At the same instant there came an
exclamation from behind the screen
and young Blackwell appeared, rather
flushed, astonished, and somewhat em-
barrassed. His father's eyes rested
wonderingly upon tousled hair, blue
velvet lounging jacket—and the pencil
thrust behind Ogden’s ear.

  “ I beg pardon." said Cyrus dryly,
removing his glasses and polishing
them. “ I trust I am not intruding.”

  “ N-not at all, father.” said Ogden.
“ My father—my new stenographer—
Miss Neville. Would you mind wait-
ing in the music-room. Miss Neville,
please? ”

  Ogden advanced as he made the ap-
peal. Eve rose instantly and went out.
Father and son were left alone to-
gether—but not exactly face to face,
for Ogden was busy selecting and
lighting a cigarette.

  “ Did I understand you to sav—
stenographer, Ogden?”'asked Cyrus
R. curiously.

  “ Yes—stenographer,” said Ogden,
nodding. And lie blew out a puff of
smoke. “ Anything wrong at Wood-
lands ? "

  “ No." said Cyrus R. “ Everything
is moving nicely at Woodlands, but
Grace has written me that no such de-
sirable state of affairs exists here.
Hence my visit.”

  He sat down in the nearest arm-
chair. crossed his legs, fitted his finger-
tips together, and regarded his son
from under bushy, grizzled eyebrows.
592

ALL-STORY .WEEKLY.

He was a remarkable looking man
this Cyrus R. Blackwell, nominee lor
Governor of the State, and the very
probable next President.

  An aristocrat through and through
—descended of aristocrats—yet a dip-
lomat and a statesman—and therefore
democratic. He had amassed his huge
fortune without relinquishing his claim
to honesty and uprightness. Now, hav-
ing won wealth, he was preparing to

achieve glory.

  He wore the conventional frock-
coat and soft black felt hat. the old-
fashioned standing collar and black tie
that had distinguished him when he
served his term in Congress. His hair
was gray — his eyes, too and he
adopted the flowing mustache and
goatee of the South, from whence he
had come.

  “ I see.” said Ogden. “ And what
if troubling Grace? ”

  “ You are troubling Grace.” an-
swered his father mildly. “ It appears
that you have gotten yourself en-
tangled some way—or at least you
have been seen about rather frequently
with some one Grace doesn't know,
and she is a little worried.”

  “ I see.” said Ogden, smiling.

  “ No doubt.” assented his father.
" Well, what have you to say about
it? ”

  “ Grace is right, of course,” the
younger man replied. “ Fve been
about with Miss Neville.”

  “ Your—eh—stenographer? ”

  He smiled a little over the word.

  “ Exactly. Also, I have to say that
I am intending to marry Miss Neville
—as soon as I’ve persuaded her to
accept me.”

  “ Indeed,” said Cyrus R. curiously.
“ This is news! ”

  Ogden seated himself opposite his
father and waited.

  “ Who is Miss Neville, if I may ask
—besides being your stenographer?”
asked Cyrus R. finally, seeing that he
would have to break the silence.

  “ Nobody that you know—or that
any of us know. Iler father was a

lawyer in the middle West. Her
mother was a Hampton of South
Carolina. She was in school until her
father died—three years ago. Then
she studied typing, and stepped into
her father’s shoes as man-of-the-
family.”

    I see ” — laconically. “ And for
how long have you been assisting her
in this respect?”

  He glanced about the room.

 “ About a week,” said Ogden.
Swiftly he explained the circumstances
of his meeting with Eve, her attitude
toward him, and the means he devised
for continuing her acquaintance.

  “ Dear me,” said Cyrils R. at the
end of the recital. " Now I begin to
understand. The — the impassioned
love utterances that I overheard from
the hallway were merely cribbed from
this book you are supposed to be
writing? ”

  “ Exactly.”

  Cyrus Blackwell smiled.

  “ A very ingenious arrangement,”
he admitted. “ A very pretty girl. too.
But, of course, the idea of your marry-
ing her, my boy, is quite out of the
question.”

  Ogden rose in some excitement.

  “ And why so?” he demanded.

  “ Because she is not of your station
in life. Marriages of persons in dif-
ferent stations almost never end hap-
pily. And I want your marriage to
end happily.”

  “ What have stations to do with
it?” cried Ogden disgustedly.

  “ They determine one’s view-point
*—one's tastes, preferences, habits,
ideas—one’s attitude toward life. All
these things are of inestimable im-
portance.”

 “Rot!” said Ogden. “The only
thing that counts is—if two people
care for each other—care enough to go
through with it, make the necessary
sacrifices, put up with the necessary
inconveniences.”

  Cyrus R. shook his head.

  ” I expect to be the next Governor
of New York State, Ogden—and then
CINDER-EVE.

533

President of the United States. I think

you are overlooking that! ”

  “ I don’t see what that has to do
with my marrying? ” cried Ogden,
opening his eyes.

  “ I had planned a more ambitious
marriage for you.”

  " I am not seeking to further my
ambitions — or yours — in my mar-
riage,” said Ogden. “ I’m intending
to gain my own happiness.”

  “ But not at the expense of mine,
your mother's, and Grace’s.”

  “ No. Nor will I expect them to
interfere with me. How can my mar-
riage to Eve prevent your election? ”
Cyrus R. smiled.

  “ I didn’t intend to insinuate that it
can. But by allying ourselves in this
fashion we lose prestige. I must urge
you, my boy, to think twice before you
do this thing.”

  “ I have no need to think any more,”
said Ogden. “ I’ve decided.”

  “ Has it occurred to you that all of
your income is derived from me? ”
Ogden flushed.

  “ Not all of it,” he said. “ I have
something from grandmother. But if
it zvcrc all from you—and you were to
cut me off—do you suppose that would
compel me to change my mind? Do
you suppose I’m that worthless?”
Cyrus R. smiled gently.

  “ I don’t suppose you are worthless
at all. I am assuming that you are
sensible.”

  “ I dare say I can work at some-
thing.” said Ogden. “ I’ve intelligence
and strength; and other men *seem to
be able to get on—men infinitely less
equipped than I am.”

  Cyrus R. stared.

  “ You’d actually displease me, de-
prive yourself of your income, and go
out and work for this girl?”

  “ I would.” said Ogden decidedly.

  “ You must be in love with her.”

  “I am,” said Ogden, flushing.

  A little silence fell between them.
Blackwell, Sr., rose and stood con-
sidering his son thoughtfully.

  ” In three days,” lie said, “ we are

    2	a-s

closing Woodlands and are coming
back to town. I shall expect you to
give me your final decision then. ’

  “ Whenever you like.” said Ogden.

  “ Have you the least idea what you
could do—what it would be like to
earn your own living; what you would
be worth to any one ? ” asked his
father, smiling gently.

  No—but it can do no harm to find
out. I’m beginning to tiiink I might
be a lot better off if I had to struggle
for myself.”

  “Humph!” said his father slowly.
“ Well, you'll be given the opportunity,
if you persist in this nonsense! ”

   He put on his hat.

   “ Until Thursday, then,” he said.
Ogden nodded, and Cyrus R. Black-
well passed out.

  Yroung Blackwell waited until he
heard the front door close. Then he
started toward the music - room —but
-Miss Neville met him half-way. They
came face to face on the stairs and
stopped—regarding each other.

   “ I heard the door close.” said Eve.
“ I thought you’d be wanting me
again.”

  “ I was just coming for you.” he
answered. His eyes were searching
her face intently.

   “ Wrhat is it? ” she asked. “ Is any-
thing wrong? ”

  He nodded.

   “ My father has just notified me of
his intention to cut off my allowance.”
She opened wide eves.

  “ Why ? ”

   “ Because he thinks I mean to marry
you.”

  “ What-at? ” she gasped. “ Why—
How absurd! How can he think such
a thing!”

  She was flushed, breathless, wide-
eved.

’ “ I told him.”

   “ You told him ? ”

  Young Blackwell nodded.

   “ Oh, his curiosity was aroused. He
had heard we’d been going about a lot
together. He was anxious, so I—I
told him that I meant to marrv you
592

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

He was a remarkable looking man
this Cyrus R. Blackwell, nominee for
Governor of the State, and the very
probable next President.

  An aristocrat through and through
—descended of aristocrats—yet a dip-
lomat and a statesman—and therefore
democratic. He had amassed Ins huge
fortune without relinquishing his claim
to honestv and uprightness. Now, hav-
ing Won wealth, he was preparing to

achieve glorv.	. , . ,

  He wore the conventional frock-
coat and soit black felt hat, the old-
fashioned standing collar and black tie
that had distinguished him when he
served his term in Congress. His hair
was gray — his eyes, too and he
adopted 'the flowing mustache and
goatee of the South, from whence he

had come.

  “ I see," said Ogden. “ And what

i? troubling Grace? "

  “ You are troubling Grace,” an-
swered his father mildly. “ It appears
that you have gotten yourself en-
tangled some way—or at least you
have been seen about rather frequently
with some one Grace doesn’t know,
and she is a little worried."

  “ I see." said Ogden, smiling.

  “ No doubt," assented his father.
** Well, what have you to say about
it?"

  “ Grace is right, of course," the
younger man replied. “ I’ve been
about with Miss Neville."

  14 Your—eh—stenographer? ”

  He smiled a little over the word.

  “ Exactly. Also, I have to say that
T am intending to marry Miss Neville
—as soon as I’ve persuaded her to
accept me."

  “ Indeed." said Cyrus R. curiously.
“ This is news! ”

  Ogden seated himself opposite his
father and waited.

  “ Who is Miss Neville, if I may ask
—besides being your stenographer ? ”
asked Cyrus R. finally, seeing that he
would have to break the silence.

  “ Nobody that you know—or that
any of us know. Her father was a

lawyer in the middle West. Her
mother was a Hampton of South
Carolina. She was in school until her
father died—three years ago. Then
she studied typing, and stepped into
her father’s shoes as man-of-the-
family.”

  “ I see ” — laconically. “ And for
how long have you been assisting her
in this respect? ’*

  He glanced about the room.

  “ About a w'eek," said Ogden.
Swiftly he explained the circumstances
of his meeting with Eve, her attitude
toward him, and the means he devised
for continuing her acquaintance.

  “ Dear me." said Cyrils R. at the
end of the recital. “ Now I begin to
understand. The — the impassioned
love utterances that I overheard from
the hallway were merely cribbed from
this book you are supposed to be
writing ? "

  “ Exactly.”

  Cyrus Blackwell smiled.

  “ A very ingenious arrangement,”
he admitted. “ A very pretty girl. too.
But, of course, the idea of your marry-
ing her, my boy, is quite out of the
question.”

  Ogden rose in some excitement.

  “ And why so? " he demanded.

  “ Because she is not of your station
in life. Marriages of persons in dif-
ferent stations almost never end hap-
pily. And I want your marriage to
end happily.”

  “ What have stations to do with
it?" cried Ogden disgustedly.

  “ They determine one’s view-point
—one’s tastes, preferences, habits,
ideas—one’s attitude toward life. All
these things are of inestimable im-
portance.”

  "Rot!” said Ogden. “The only
thing that counts is — if two people
care for each other—care enough to go
through with it. make the necessary
sacrifices, put up with the necessary
inconveniences.”

  Cyrus R. shook his head.

  “ I expect to be the next Governor
of New York State, Ogden—and then
CINDER-EVE.

533

President of the United States. I think
you are overlooking that! ”

  “ I don't see what that has to do
with my marrying? " cried Ogden,
opening his eyes.

    I had planned a more ambitious
marriage for you."

    1	am not seeking to further my
ambitions — or yours — in my mar-
riage,” said Ogden. “ I’m intending
to gain my own happiness.”

  “ But not at the expense of mine,
your mother’s, and Grace’s.”

  4‘ No. Nor will I expect them to
interfere with me. How can my mar-
riage to Eve prevent your election? ”
Cyrus R. smiled.

  “ I didn't intend to insinuate that it
can. But by allying ourselves in this
fashion we lose prestige. I must urge
you. my boy, to think twice before you
do this thing.”

  “ I have no need to think any more,”
said Ogden. “ I’ve decided.”

  “ Has it occurred to you that all of
your income is derived from me? ”
Ogden flushed.

  “ Not all of it,” he said. “ I have
something from grandmother. But if
it were all from you—and you were to
cut me oft'—do you suppose that would
compel me to change my mind? Do
you suppose I’m that worthless?”
Cyrus R. smiled gently.

  “ I don’t suppose you are worthless
at all. I am assuming that you are
sensible.”

  " I dare say I can work at some-
thing,” said Ogden. “ I’ve intelligence
and strength; and other men *seem to
be able to get on—men infinitely less
equipped than I am.”

  Cyrus R. stared.

  “ You’d actually displease me, de-
prive yourself of your income, and go
out and work for this girl?”

  ‘ I would,” said Ogden decidedly.

  “ You must be in love with her.”

  “ I am,” said Ogden, flushing.

  A little silence fell between them.
Blackwell, Sr., rose and stood con-
sidering his son thoughtfully.

  “ In three days,” he said, “ we are

    2	A-S

closing Woodlands and are coming
back to town. I shall expect you to
give me your final decision then.”

  “ Whenever you like." said Ogden.

  “ Have you the least idea what you
could do—what it would be like to
earn your own living; what you would
be worth to any one ? ” asked his
father, smiling gently.

  No—but it can do no harm to find
out. I’m beginning to think I might
be a lot better off if I had to struggle
for myself.”

  “ Humph! ” said his father slowly.
“ Well, you'll be given the opportunity,
if you persist in this nonsense!”

   He put on his hat.

   “ Until Thursday, then,” he said.
Ogden nodded, and Cyrus R. Black-
well passed out.

  Young Blackwell waited until he
heard the front door close. Then he
started toward the music - room — but
Miss Neville met him half-way. They
came face to face on the stairs and
stopped—regarding each other.

   “ I heard the door close." said Eve.
“ I thought you’d be wanting me
again.”

  “I was just coming for you.” he
answered. His eyes were searching
her face intently.

   “ W'hat is it? " she asked. “ Is any-
thing wrong? ”

  He nodded.

   “ My father has just notified me of
his intention to cut off my allowance.”
She opened wide eyes.

  “Why?”

   “ Because he thinks I mean to marry
you.”

  “ JVhat-at? ” she gasped. “ Why—
How absurd! How can he think such
a thing! ”

  She was flushed, breathless, wide-
eyed.

   “ I told him.”

  “You told him?”

  Young Blackwell nodded.

   " Oh. his curiosity was aroused. He
had heard we’d been going about a lot
together. He was anxious, so I—I
told him that I meant to marry you
594	ALL-STORY

as soon as I could persuade you to

 aC“ ^Please,” she said. “ You shouldn t

 say these things to me.”

 '- You asked me what had gone

wrong.”	, , ,

 She drew a deep breath—glanced up

at him.	„

 “ But ii I don t marry you. sne
 said, “ he won’t disinherit you: and
 I'm not intending to marry you so
 nothing is wrong at ter all.

 “ You are going to marry me. lie
 said; ” and to — somewhere or other

 with his money! ”

 “ I am not going to marry you, she
 said. “ Do you want me again to-day,
 Mr. Blackwell—or may I go?”

 “ I want you—not only to-day but
 always.” said he. “ and you may never
 go with my permission.”

 She flushed.

 “ Have you forgotten.” she asked,

 “ that I am here—quite alone with

 you ? ”

 “ What of that?” he cried im-
 patiently. “ Am I to pretend I’m not
 in love with you just because we don’t
 happen to be chaperoned ? ”

 “ You are taking advantage of my
 presence here to say things that I pre-
 fer not to hear.” she answered
 gravely.

    He hesitated an instant in silence,
 looking down at her. Then he said
 gravely:

    “ Will you come up to the study an
 instant, please ? ”

    She nodded.

     “ Certainly,” she said.

    He lead the way. When they had
 entered the rowm and the door was
 closed behind them, he said:

    “ Please take a letter for me.”

    “ A letter? ” she repeated.

    “ Do you mind ? ”

    “ Certainly not.”

    She drew a sheet of paper toward
 her and selecting her sharpest pencil,
 waited.

    Dear Miss Neville:” he began.
    She looked up blankly.

    “ Please— ” she began.

WEEKLY.

  “Won’t you take my letter?” he

asked.

  She hesitated, flushed a little,

shrugged.

  “ I am writing this.” he dictated,
“to tell you that I love you and that
1 want to marry you. I’ve loved you
since the instant I saw you in front of
my car on Fifty-Ninth Street. I lied
about being an author and needing
you. I— ”

  “If you are going to explain all
that.” said Eve, “ you are merely
wasting time. She knows it. She
read ‘ The Mistress of the Manse *
years ago and remembered it quite
well.”

   “ Eve! ” he cried, advancing.

   She put aside her pad and pencil.

  “ Let's be sensible,” she said.
“ Wait. Don’t come near me. please,
until you hear what I have to say. I
knew you were just pretending to be
an author- I let you. because I—I
was as anxious to see you again as
you could possibly have been to see
me.”

  He took both her hands in his. She
struggled to free them.

  “Please!” she cried. “You
mustn’t. I could never, never marry
you without your father’s consent.’’

  “ W'hy not?” he demanded.

   “ I couldn't deprive you of so much
money. You'd hate me afterward.”

  “ Nonsense. Do you think I care
about money. I can earn enough for
both our needs. I don’t know how.
I’ve never tried out. But know that
I can. You don’t care about the
money, do you, Eve ? ”

   She flushed.

  “ I’d rather have you if you were
a pauper,’’ she said, “ than any other
man in the world with millions. But
I don’t want to stand in your light.
And there are my mother and
Frankie remember—three of us.
Could you manage for us all? ”

   “ I’ve a little money he can’t take
away. My grandmother left it to
me,’ he said. “ And what more we
need, I will get, somehow, Eve.”
CINDER-EVE.

595

  That time she could no longer re-
sist him. He drew her into his arms,
and their lips met.

  “ W'hat does anything else matter/’
he cried. “ if we have each other. We
can do without the Blackwell money.”

  On the following Wednesday, Cy-
rus Blackwell sat before his desk in
an attitude of listless dejection when
his secretary announced “ Mr. But-
ler.” This jovial gentleman strode
over to him with a hearty hand-clasp.

 “How are you, old man? They
tell me things are looking up—that
you have an even chance at least—
with Thompson. Why. What’s the
matter? You don’t look very chipper
over the news.”

  “ Chipper! Hell! ” was the succinct
reply.

  “ Bless me! W'hat’s the reason for
the tears? ” Blackwell swung around
in his chair angrily.

  “ That fool boy of mine wants to
marry his stenographer, and— ”

  “ Stenographer? Didn’t even know
he was in business! ”

  “ Oh. he’s been writing a book,”
and as the other’s roar of incredulous
laughter subsided, Blackwell stated
the facts of the case and an unwilling
gleam of amusement came into his
stern eyes as he recounted the part
played by “ The Mistress of the
Manse.”

  Butler chuckled often during the
recital, and when Blackwell finished,
slapped him violently on the knee.

  "Gad! The boy’s a wonder! Turn
genius like that into business channels
and you'll own the world. Let him
have her! It’ll make a man of him
instead of a mollycoddle with too
much money to spend. He loves her
and he’s willing to work for her.
Give him a good job, but make him
earn the salary. Besides, this mar-
riage will accomplish more for you
than anything else during the cam-
paign. You need the backing of the
common people. They have an in-
born suspicion of our class, but when

they find out that money and society
can’t make you turn up your nose at
your son’s marrying his secretary,
their confidence in you will crystallize
overnight. Of course, if she isn’t a
lady— ”

   “ Oh, she’s all right on that score.”
reluctantly admitted Blackwell, “ and
Ogden said her mother was a Hamp-
ton of South Carolina, in the same
tone an Englishman speaks of Queen
Victoria.”

  “Hampton, of South Carolina?
Bluest blood in the State! See here,
Cyrus, you’re making a bad mistake.
You’re not the man I've grown up
with and loved and admired all these
years, if you let the fact that the girl
has earned an honest living stand in
the way of Ogden’s happiness.”

  “ But his mother and Grace— ”
“Bother his mother and Grace!
I’ll get my wife to talk to them. She
can persuade anybody.”

  And after exhorting his friend in
like vein for half an hour, he went out,
leaving the latter in a very lenient
frame of mind, induced by the com-
forting thought that the opposition of
his wife and daughter would be much
softened by the knowledge that Mrs.
Franklin Butler, social arbiter, ap-
proved and abetted the match.

  Late in the afternoon Cyrus Black-
well climbed the stairs to his son’s
rooms to find that young man. di-
sheveled and dusty, perched on the re-
sisting top of a much overfilled trunk.
Ogden looked up with a glance of
inquiry, which speedily changed to a
hostile glare when he recognized the
intruder.

  “ Ogden.” said his father in depre-
catory tones, “ are you really going to
leave us for that girl?”

  “ I am, sir. I love her and I’m go-
ing to marry her, with or without your
consent. I’m grateful to you for hav-
ing given me all this luxury”—he
made a sweeping and dramatic gesture
across the richness of the room—“ but
I care so much for her that I don’t
want it without her.”
594

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

 as soon as I could persuade you to

 accept me."

 “ Please ” she said. “ \ ou shouldn t

 sav these things to me.”

 '•« You asked me what had gone

 wrong.”

 She drew a deep breath—glanced up

 at him.

 “But if I don’t marry you,” she
 said, “he won't disinherit you; and
 I’m not intending to marry you—so
 nothing is wrong after all.'

 “ You are going to marry me,” he
 said: “ and to — somewhere or other
 with his money! ”

 “ I am not going to marry you.” she
 said. “ Do you want me again to-day.
 Mr. Blackwell—or may I go?”

 “ I want you—not only to-day but
 always.” said he, “ and you may never
 go with mv permission.”

 She flushed.

 44 Have you forgotten.” she asked.
 “ that I am here—quite alone with

 you ?M

 “What of that?” he cried im-
 patiently. “ Am I to pretend I’m not
 in love with you just because we don’t
 happen to be chaperoned?”

 “ You are taking advantage of my
 presence here to say things that I pre-
 fer not to hear.” she answered
 gravely.

 He hesitated an instant in silence,
 looking down at her. Then he said
 gravely:

    W ill you come up to the stud)' an
 instant, please?”

 She nodded.

 “ Certainly.” she said.

 He lead the way. When they had
 entered the room and the door was
 closed behind them, he said:

 “ Please take a letter for me.”

 “A letter? ” she repeated.

 “ Do you mind ? ”

 “ Certainly not.”

 She rlrew a sheet of paper toward
 her and selecting her sharpest pencil
 waited.

 ‘‘Dear Miss Neville:” he began.
    She looked up blankly.

    Please— ” she began.

  “ Won't you take my letter? ” he

asked.

  She hesitated, flushed a little.

shrugged.

  “ I am writing this,” he dictated,
“ to tell you that I love you and that
T want to marry you. I’ve loved you
since the instant I saw you in front of
my car on Fifty-Ninth Street. I lied
about being an author and needing
you. I— ”

  “If you are going to explain all
that.'* said Eve, “ you are merely
wasting time. She knows it. She
read ‘The Mistress of the Manse’
years ago and remembered it quite
well.”

  “ Eve! ” he cried, advancing.

  She put aside her pad and pencil.

  “ Let’s be sensible.” she said.
“ Wait. Don’t come near me. please,
until you hear what I have to say. I
knew you were just pretending to be
an author. I let you. because I—1
was as anxious to see you again as
you could possibly have l)een to see
me.”

  He took both her hands in his. She
struggled to free them.

  “ Please! ” she cried. “ You
mustn’t. I could never, never marry
you without your father’s consent.”

  “Why not?” he demanded.

  “ I couldn't deprive you of so much
money. You’d hate me afterward.”

  “ Nonsense. Do you think I care
about money. I can earn enough for
both our needs. I don’t know how.
I’ve never tried out. But know that
I can. You don't care about the
money, do you. Eve? ”

  She flushed.

    I (1 rather have you if you were
a pauper,” she said. “ than any other
man in the world with millions. But
I don't want to stand in your liglit.
And there are my mother and
Frankie remember—three of us.
Could you manage for us all? ”

    I've a little money he can’t take
away. My grandmother left it to
me. he said. “ And what more we
need. I will get. somehow, Eve.”
CINDER-EVE.

595

  That time she could no longer re-
sist him. He drew her into his arms,
and their lips met.

  “ What does anything else matter,”
he cried, “ if we have each other. We
can do without the Blackwell money.”

  On the following Wednesday, Cy-
rus Blackwell sat before his desk in
an attitude of listless dejection when
his secretary announced “ Mr. But-
ler.” This jovial gentleman strode
over to him with a hearty hand-clasp.

 “How are you, old man? They
tell me things are looking up—that
you have an even chance at least—
with Thompson. Why. What’s the
matter? You don’t look very chipper
over the news.”

  “ Chipper! Hell! ” was the succinct
reply.

  “ Bless me! What's the reason for
the tears?” Blackwell swung around
in his chair angrily.

  “ That fool boy of mine wants to
marry his stenographer, and— ”

  “ Stenographer? Didn’t even know
he was in business! ”

  “ Oh, he’s been writing a book,”
and as the other’s roar of incredulous
laughter subsided, Blackwell stated
the facts of the case and an unwilling
gleam of amusement came into his
stern eye?, as he recounted the part
played by “ The Mistress of the
Manse.”

  Butler chuckled often during the
recital, and when Blackwell finished,
slapped him violently on the knee.

  “Gad! The boy’s a wonder! Turn
genius like that into business channels
and you’ll own the world. Let him
have her! It’ll make a man of him
instead of a mollycoddle with too
much money to spend. TTe loves her
and he’s willing to work for her.
Give him a good job, but make him
earn the salary. Besides, this mar-
riage will accomplish more for you
than anything else during the cam-
paign. You need the backing of the
common people. They have an in-
born suspicion of our class, but when

they find out that money and society
can’t make you turn up your nose at
your son’s marrying his secretary,
their confidence in you will crystallize
overnight. Of course, if she isn’t a
lady— ”

   “ Oh, she’s all right on that score.”
reluctantly admitted Blackwell, “ and
Ogden said her mother was a Hamp-
ton of South Carolina, in the same
tone an Englishman speaks of Queen
Victoria.”

  “ Hampton, of South Carolina?
Bluest blood in the State! See here,
Cyrus, you’re making a bad mistake.
Y'ou’re not the man I’ve grown up
with and loved and admired all these
years, if you let the fact that the girl
has earned an honest living stand in
the way of Ogden’s happiness.”

  “But his mother and Grace—”
“Bother his mother and Grace!
I’ll get my wife to talk to them. She
can persuade anybody.”

  And after exhorting his friend in
like vein for half an hour, he went out,
leaving the latter in a very lenient
frame of mind, induced by the com-
forting thought that the opposition of
his wife and daughter would be much
softened by the knowledge that Mrs.
Franklin Butler, social arbiter, ap-
proved and abetted the match.

  Late in the afternoon Cyrus Black-
well climbed the stairs to his son’s
rooms to find that young man. di-
sheveled and dusty, perched on the re-
sisting top of a much overfilled trunk.
Ogden looked up with a glance of
inquiry, which speedily changed to a
hostile glare when he recognized the
intruder.

  “ Ogden.’’ said his father in depre-
catory tones, “ are you really going to
leave us for that girl ? ”

  “ I am, sir. I love her and I’m go-
ing to marry her. with or without your
consent. I’m grateful to you for hav-
ing given me all this luxury ”—he
made a sweeping and dramatic gesture
across the richness of the room—“ but
T care so much for her that I don’t
want it without her.”
596

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ You may have them both,’* came
the placid rejoinder.

  That evening there was presented to
the astounded gaze of Eve Neville as
she answered the door-bell the appari-
tion of two gentlemen in evening dress,
whose festive appearance was further

(The

increased by an expression of happy
anticipation. And then and there,
amid a setting of unbelievably ugly
wall-paper and imitation-oak stairs,
she yielded to their joint and fervent
plea that she become “ the mistress of
the manse ” of Blackwell junior.

 xj tr tr u

THE DESERT

   BY JENNIE HARRIS OLIVER

 I AM the desert life—

  Tenacious, wizard life!

  I grasp and hold and hug each shriveled thing;

  I know no loss and fear no withering.

 Gray, mummied sticks and threadlets, powder-dry,
 We fiercely cherish them, the gods and I.

          I am the desert life.

 I am the desert wind—

  The wild, resistless wind!

  I lace the skies with hot. white mystery.

 And drive the sands with death and treachery.
 The dunes that mark a pictured waste to-day
 1*11 shift and shape in more fantastic way.

         I am the desert wind.

 I am the desert stars—

  The lambent, low-hung stars!

  I weave a tent of glowing witchery,

 And woo grim shapes with softening sorcery.

  I gather jewels from the ether, rare,

  And give them glistening to the desert air.

           I am the desert stars.

 I am the desert moon—

 The white, enchanted moon!

  I lay a floor of burnished-silver light.

  And bridge with gems the danger-place of night.

  I brew a cup of hope, wine-cool and sweet.

  And pour it glowing at the desert’s feet.

          I am the desert moon.

 I am the desert bones—

  The dry, bleached, crumbling bones!

  The barrens drew me from the things that were.
  My harvest blossoms—Change, the harvester!
  Without my sacrifice the things that be
  Had never been; the desert needed me.

           I am the desert bones.
John Buckan

Author of " Prester John-"

CHAPTER I.
The Man Who Died.

  TT RETURNED from the city
Q [ about three o’clock on i.hat
May afternoon pretty well
disgusted with life. I had
been three months in the
old country and was fed-up
with it. If any one had
told me a year ago that I would have
been feeling like that, I should have
called him a liar; but there was the
fact.

  The weather made me liverish; the
talk of the ordinary Englishman made
me sick; I couldn't get enough exer-
cise, and the amusements of London
seemed as flat as soda-water that has
been standing in the sun. “ Richard
Hannav.” I kept telling myself, “ you
have got into the wrong ditch, my
friend, and you had better climb out.”

  It made me bite my lips to think of
all the plans I had been building up
those last years in Buluwavo. I had
got my pile—not one of the big ones,
but good enough for me; and I had
figured out all kinds of ways of en-
joying myself.

  My father had brought me out from
Scotland at the age of six, and I had
never been home since; so England
was a sort of “Arabian Nights” to
me, and I counted on stopping there

for the rest of my days. But from the
first I was disappointed with it.

  In about a week I was tired of see-
ing sights, and in less than a month I
had had enough of restaurants and
theaters and race meetings. I had no
real pal to go about with, which prob-
ably explains things. Plenty of people
invited me to their houses, but they
didn’t seem much interested in me.
They would ask me a question or two
about South Africa and then get on to
their own affairs. A lot of Imperialist
ladies asked me to tea to meet school-
masters from New Zealand and editors
from Vancouver, and that was the dis-
malest business of all.

  Here was I, thirty-seven years old,
sound in wind and limb, with enough
money to have a good time, yawning
my head off all day. I had just about
settled to clear out and get back to
the veld, for I was the best-bored
man in the L'nited Kingdom.

  That afternoon I had been worrying
my brokers about investments to give
my mind something to work on. and
on my way home I turned into my
club—rather a pot-house, which took
in Colonial members. I had a long
drink and read the evening papers.
They were full of the row in the Near
East, and there was an article about
Karolides. the Greek premier.

  I rather fancied the chap.
598

  From all accounts he seemed the one
big man in the show, and he played a
straight game, tix», which was more
than could be said for most of them.

I gathered that they hated him pretty
blackly in Berlin and Vienna, but that
we were going to stick to him. and one
paper said that he was the only barrier
between Europe and Armageddon.

  I remember wondering if 1 could get
a iob in those parts. It struck me that
Albania was the sort of place that
might keep a man from yawning.

  About six o’clock I went home,
dressed, dined at the Cafe Royal, and
turned into a music-hall. It was a
silly show, all capering women and
raonkev-faced men, and I did not stay
long. The night was fine and clear as
I walked back to the flat I had hired
near Portland Place. The crowd
surged past me on the pavements, all
busy and chattering, and I envied the
people for having something to do.

  These shop-girls and clerks and
dandies and policemen had some in-
terest in life that kept them going.

  I gave half a crown to a beggar be-
cause I saw him yawn; he was a fel-
low sufferer. At Oxford Circus I
looked up into the spring sky and I
made a vow. I would give the old
country another day to fit me into
something: if nothing happened I
would take the next boat for the Cape.

  My flat was the first floor in a new
block behind Langham Place.

  There was a common staircase with
a porter and a liftman at the entrance,
but there was no restaurant or any-
thing of that sort, and each flat was
quite shut off from the others. I hate
servants on the premises, so I had a
fellow to look after me who came in
by the day.

  He arrived before eight o’clock
every morning and used to depart at
seven, for I never dined at home.

  I was just fitting my key into the
door when T noticed a man at my el-
bow. I had not seen him approach,
and the sudden appearance made me
start. He was a slim man with a short.

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

brown beard and small, gimlety, blue

eyes.

   I recognized him as the occupant of
a flat on the top floor, with whom I had
passed the time of day on the stairs.

  “Can I speak to you?" he said.

“ May I come in for a minute? ’’ He
was steadying his voice with an effort,
and his hand was pawing my arm.

  I got my door open and motioned
him in. No sooner was he over the
threshold than he made a dash for my
back room where I used to smoke and
write my letters. Then he bolted back.

  “ Is the door locked ? ” he asked
feverishly, and he fastened the chain
with his own hand.

  “ I’m very sorry," he said humbly.
“ It’s a mighty liberty, but you looked
the kind of man who would under-
stand. I've had you in my mind all
this week when things got trouble-
some. Say, will you do me a good
turn ? ”

   “ I’ll listen to you.” I said; “ that’s
all I’ll promise.” I was getting wor-
ried by the antics of this nervous little
chap.

  There was a tray of drinks on a
table beside him. from which he filled
himself a stiff whisky and soda. He
drank it off in three gulps, and cracked
the glass as he set it down.

   “ Pardon.” he said; “ I'm a bit rat-
tled to-night. You see. I happen at
this moment to be dead.”

  I sat down in an armchair and lit
my pipe.

   “ What does it feel like?” I asked.
I was pretty certain that I had to deal
with a madman.

  A smile flickered over his drawn
face. “ I’m not mad—yet. Say. Mr.
Hannay. I’ve been watching you. and
I reckon you’re a cool customer. I
reckon, too, you*re an honest man and
not afraid of playing a bold hand.
I'm going to confide in you. I need
help worse than any man ever needed
it, and I want to know if I can count
you in ? ”

  “ Get on with your yarn." I said,
“ and then I’ll tell you.”
THE THIRTY-NINE STEPS.

599

  Pie seemed to brace himself for a
great effort, and then started on the
queerest rigmarole. I didn’t get hold
of it at first, and I had to stop and ask
him questions. But here is the gist of
it:

  Pie was an American, from Ken-
tucky, and after college, being pretty
well off, he had started out to see the
world. He wrote a bit, and acted as
war correspondent for a Chicago
paper, and spent a year or two in
southeastern Europe. I gathered that
he was a fine linguist, and had got to
know pretty well the society of those
parts. He spoke familiarly of many
names that I remembered to have seen
in the newspapers.

  He had played about with politics,
he told me—at first for the interest of
them, and then because he couldn't
help himself. I read him as a sharp,
restless fellow, who always wanted to
get down to the roots of things. He
got a little farther down than he
wanted.

  I am giving you what he told me
as well as I could make it out. Away
behind all the governments and -the
armies there was a big subterranean
movement going on. engineered by
very dangerous people. He had come
on it by accident; it fascinated him;
he went further, and then got caught.

  I gathered that most of the people in
it were the sort of educated anarchists
that make revolutions, but that besides
them there were financiers who were
playing for money.

  A clever man can make big profits
on a falling market; and it suited the
plans of both classes to set Europe by
the ears. He told me some queer
things that explained a lot that had
puzzled me—things that happened in
the Balkan War; how one state sud-
denly came out on top; why alliances
were made and broken; why certain
men disappeared, and where the
sinews of war came from.

  T he aim of the whole conspiracy
was to get Russia and Germany at
loggerheads.

  When I asked why, he said that the
anarchist lot thought it would give
them their chance. Everything would
be in the melting-pot, and they looked
to see a new world emerge. The
capitalists would rake in the shekels
and make fortunes by buying up
wreckage.

  Capital, he said, had no conscience
and no fatherland; besides, the Jew
was behind it, and the Jew hated
Russia worse than hell.

  “ Do you wonder? ” he cried. “ For
three hundred years they have been
persecuted, and this is the return match
for the pogroms. The Jew is every-
where, but you have to go far down
the back stairs to find him.

  “ Take any big Teutonic business
concern. If you have dealings with
it the first man you meet is Prince von
Something, an elegant young man who
talks Eaton-and-Harrow English. But
he cuts no ice. If your business is big,
you get behind him and find a progna-
thous Westphalian with a retreating
brow and the manners of a hog.

  “He is the German business man that
gives your English papers the shakes.
But if you’re on the biggest kind of a
job and are bound to get to the real
boss, ten to one you are brought up
against a little, white-faced Jew in a
bath-chair, with an eye like a rattle-
snake. Yes, sir, he is the man who is
ruling the world just now, and he has
his knife in the empire of the Czar be-
cause his father was flogged in some
one-horse location on the Volga.”

  I could not help saying that his Tew
anarchists seemed to have got left be-
hind a little.

  “ Yes and no,” he said. “ They
won up to a point, but they struck a
bigger thing than money, a thing that
couldn't be bought—the old elemental
fighting instincts of man. If you’re
going to be killed you invent some
kind of flag and country to fight for,
and if you survive, you get to love the
thing. These foolish devils of soldiers
have found something they care for,
and that has upset the pretty plan laid
600

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

in Berlin and Vienna. But my friends
haven’t played their last card by a long
sight. They’ve got the aces up their
sleeves, and unless I can keep ali\ e for
a month, they are going to play it, and

win-”	,	. . M r

  “ But I thought you were dead. 1

put in.

  4< Death is the door of lite, he
smiled. “ I’m coming to that, but I've
got to put you wise to a lot of things
first. If you read your newspaper. I
guess you know the name of Constan-
tine Karolides? ”

   I sat up at that, for I had been read-
ing about him that very afternoon.

  “ He is the man that has wTecked
all their games. He is the one big
brain in the whole show, and he hap-
pens also to be an honest man. There-
fore he has been marked down these
twelve months past. I found that out
—not that it was difficult, for any fool
could guess as much. But I found out
the way they were going to get him.
and that knowledge was deadly. That’s
why I have had to decease."

  He had another drink and I mixed
it for him myself, for I was getting
interested in the beggar.

   “ They can’t get him in his own land,
for he has a bodyguard of Epirotes
that would skin their grandmothers.
But on the fifteenth day of June he is
coming to this city. The British
Foreign Office has taken to having in-
ternational tea-parties, and the biggest
of them is due on that date. Now,
Karolides is reckoned the principal
guest, and if my friends have their
way, he will never return to his ad-
miring countrymen.”

  “ That’s simple enough, anyhow,”
I said. “ You can warn him and
keep him at home."

  “ And play their game?” he asked
sharply. “ If he does not come they
win. for he's the only man that can
straighten out the tangle. And if his
government is warned lie won’t come,
for he does not know how big the
stakes will be on June 15.”

  “ What about the British govern-

ment ? ” I said. “ They’re not going
to let their guests be murdered. Tip
them the wink, and they’ll take extra
precautions.’’

  “ No good. They might stuff your
city with plain-clothes detectives and
double the police, and Constantine
would still be a doomed man. My
friends are not playing this game for
fun. They want a big occasion for
the taking off, with the eyes of all
Europe on it. He’ll be murdered by
an Austrian, and there'll be plenty of
evidence to show the connivance of
the big folk in Vienna and Berlin. It
will all be an infernal lie, of course;
but the case will look black enough to
the world.

   “ I*m not talking hot air, ray friend.

  “ I happen to know every detail of
the hellish contrivance, and I can tell
you it will be the most finished piece
of blackguardism since the Borgias.
But it’s not going to come off if
ihcre’s a certain man who knows the
wheels of the business alive right here
in London on the 15th day of June.
And that man is going to be your
servant, Franklin P. Scudder."

   I was getting to like the little chap.
His jaw had shut like a rat-trap, and
there was the fire of battle in his
gimlety eyes. If he was spinning me
a yarn he could act up to it.

  “ Where did you find out this
story?” I asked.

   “ I got the first hint in an inn on
the Achensee in Tyrol. That set me
inquiring, and I collected my other
clues in a fur-shop in the Galician
quarter of Buda, in a Strangers* Club
in Vienna, and in a little book - shop
off the Racknitzstrasse in Leipsic. I
completed my evidence ten days ago
in Paris.

   “ I can’t tell you the details now,
for it’s something of a tale. When I
was quite sure in my own mind I
judged it my business to disappear,
and I reached this city by a mighty
queer circuit. I left Paris a dandified
French-American, and I sailed from
Hamburg a Jew diamond merchant.
THE THIRTY-NINE STEPS.

601

  “ In Norway I was an English stu-
dent of Ibsen,’collecting materials for
lectures: but when I left Bergen I
was a moving-picture man with spe-
cial skee films. And I came here from
Leith with a lot of pulpwood prepara-
tions in my pocket to put before the
London newspapers. Till yesterday I
thought I had muddied my trail
some, and was feeling pretty happy.
Then—”

  The recollection seemed to upset
him, and he gulped down some
whisky.

  “■—then I saw a man standing in
the street outside this block. I used
to stay close in my room all day, and
only slip out after dark for an hour
or two. I watched him for a bit from
my window, and I thought I recog-
nized him. He came in and spoke to
the porter. When I came back from
my walk last night I found a card in
my letter-box. It bore the name of
the man I want least to meet on God’s
earth.”

  I think that the look in my com-
panion’s eyes, the sheer naked fright
on his face, completed my conviction
of his honesty. My own voice sharp-
ened a bit as I asked him what he did
next.

  “ I realized that I was bottled as
sure as a pickled herring, and that
there was only one way out. I had
to die. If my pursuers knew I was
dead they would go to sleep again.”

  “How did you manage it?’
f told the man that valets me that
I was feeling pretty bad, and I got
myself up to look like death. That
wasn't difficult, for I’m no slouch at
disguises. Then I got a corpse—you
can always get a body in London if
you know where to go for it. I fetched
it back in a trunk on the top of a four-
wheeler, and I had to be assisted up-
stairs to my room.

  “ You see, I had to pile up some
evidence for the inquest. I went to
l>ed and got my man to mix me a
sleeping-draft, and then told him to
clear out. He wanted to fetch a doc-

tor, but I swore some and said I
couldn’t abide leeches. When I was
left alone I started in to fake up that
corpse.

  “ He was my size, and I judged had
perished from too much alcohol—so I
put some spirits handy about the place.
The jaw was the w7eak point in the
likeness, so I blew it away with a re-
volver. I dare say there will be some-
body to - morrow to swear to having
heard a shot; but there are no neigh-
bors on my floor, and I guessed I
could risk that.

  “ So I left the body in bed dressed
up in my pajamas, with a revolver
lying on the bed-clothes and a consid-
erable mess around. Then I got into
a suit of clothes I had kept waiting
for emergencies. I didn't dare to
shave for fear of leaving tracks; and.
besides, it wasn’t any kind of use my
trying to get into the streets.

  “ I had had you in my mind all
day. and there seemed nothing to do
but to make an appeal to you. I
watched from my window till I saw
you come home, and then slipped
down the stairs to meet you. There,
sir, I guess you know about as much
as me of this business.”

  He sat blinking like an owl, flutter-
ing with nerves and yet desperately
determined.

  By this time I was pretty well con-
vinced that he was going straight with
me. It was the wildest sort of narra-
tive ; but I had heard in my time many
steep tales which had turned out to
be true, and I had made a practise of
judging the man rather than the story.

  If he had wanted to get a location
in my flat and then cut my throat he
would have pitched a milder yarn.

  “ Hand me your key,” I said, “ and
I’ll take a look at the corpse. Excuse
my caution, but I’m bound to verify
a bit if I can.”

  He shook his head mournfully. “ I
reckoned you’d ask for that, but I
haven’t got it. It’s on my chain 011
the dressing-table. I had to leave it
behind, for I couldn’t leave any clues
602

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

to breed suspicions. The gentry who
are after me are pretty bright - eyed

citizens. You'll have to take me an
tru>t for the night, and to - morrow
you’ll get proof of the corpse business

right enough.”

  I thought for an instant or two.

  “ Right! I'll tmst you for the
night. I’ll lock you into this room
and keep the key. Just one word,
Mr. Scudder; I believe you’re straight,
but if so be you are not I should warn
you that I’m a handy man with a gun.”
“Sure!” he said, jumping up with
some briskness. “ 1 haven’t the privi-
lege of your name, sir; but let me tell
you that you’re a white man. I'll
thank you to lend me a razor.”

  I took him into my bedroom and
turned him loose.

  In half an hour’s time a figure came
out that I scarcely recognized. Only
his gimlety, hungry eyes were the
same. He was shaved clean, his hair
was parted in the middle, and he had
cut his eyebrows.

  Further: He carried himself as if he
had been drilled, and was the very
model—even to the brown complexion
—of some British officer who had had
a long spell in India. He had a mono-
cle. too, which he stuck in his eye, and
every trace of the American had gone
out of his speech.

  “'My hat! Mr. Scudder—” I stam-
mered.

  '■ Not Mr. Scudder,” he corrected;
“ Captain Theophilus Digby, of the
Seventh Goorkhas, presently home on
leave. I'll thank you to remember
that, sir.”

  I made him up a bed in my smoking-
room and sought my own couch, more
cheerful than I had been for the past
month. Things did happen occasion-
ally even in this God-forsaken me-
tropolis !

  T woke next morning to hear my
man. Paddock, making the deuce of a
row at the smoking-room door.

  Paddock was a fellow I had done a
good turn to out on the Selakwi, and

I had inspanned him as my servant
as soon as 1 got to England. He had

about as much gift of the gab as a
hippopotamus, and was not a great
hand at valeting; but I knew I could

count on his loyalty.

  “ Stop that row, Paddock.” I said.
“ There’s a friend of mine. Captain—
Captain—” (I couldn’t remember the
name) “dossing down in there. Get
breakfast for two, and then come and
speak to me.”

  I told Paddock a fine story about
how my friend was a great swell, with
his nerves pretty bad from overwork,
who wanted absolute rest and still-
ness. Nobody had got to know he
was here, or he would be besieged by
communications from the India office
and the prime minister, and his cure
would be ruined.

  I am bound to say Scudder played
up splendidly when he came to break-
fast.

  He fixed Paddock with his eye-
glass, just like a British officer; asked
him about the Boer War. and slung
out at me a lot of stuff about imagi-
nary pals of whom I had never heard.
Paddock couldn't learn to call me
“sir,’’ but he “sirred” Scudder as if
his life depended on it.

  I left him with the newspaper and
a box of cigars, and went down to the
city till luncheon. When 1 got back
the porter had an important face.

  “ Nawsty business ’ere this morn-
ing, sir. Gent in No. 15 been and
shot ’isself. They’ve just took ’im to
the mortuary. The police are up there
now.”

  I ascended to No. 15 and found a
couple of bobbies and an inspector
busy making an examination. I asked
a few idiotic questions, and they soon
kicked me out. Then I found the man
that had valeted Scudder, and pumped
him; but I could see he suspected
nothing.

  He was a whining fellow with a
churchyard face, and half a crown
went far to console him.

  1 attended the inquest next day. A
THE THIRTY-NINE STEPS.

603

partner of some publishing firm gave
evidence that the deceased had brought
him wood-pulp propositions, and had
been, he believed, an agent of an
American business. The jury found
it a case of suicide while of unsound
mind, and the few effects were handed
over to the American, consul to deal
with.

  I gave Scudder a full account of the
affair, and it interested him greatly.
He said he wished he could have at-
tended the inquest, for he reckoned it
would be about as spicy as to read
one's own obituary notice.

  The first two days he stayed with
me in that back room he was very
peaceful. He read and smoked a bit,
and made a heap of jottings in a note-
book; and every night we had a game
of chess, at which he beat me hollow.

  I think he was nursing his nerves
back to health, for he had had a pretty
trying time.

  But on the third day I could see he
was beginning to get restless. He
fixed up a list of the days till June 15
and ticked each off with a red pen-
cil, and made remarks in shorthand
against them. I would find him sunk
in a brown study, with his sharp eyes
abstracted, and after these spells of
meditation he was apt to be very des-
pondent.

  Then I could see that he began to
get edgy again. He listened for little
noises, and was always asking me if
Paddock could be trusted. Once or
twice he got very peevish and apolo-
gized for it. I didn’t blame him.

  I made every allowance, for he had
taken on a fairly stiff job.

  It was not the safety of his own
skin that troubled him, but the suc-
cess of the scheme he had planned.
That little man was clean pluck all
through, without a soft spot in him.
One night he was very solemn.

  “ Say, Hannay,” he said, “ I judge
I should let you a bit deeper into this
business. I should hate to go out with-
out leaving somebody else to put up a
fight.”

  And he began to tell me in detail
what I had only heard from him
vaguely.

  I did not give him very close atten-
tion. The fact is I was more inter-
ested in his own adventures than in
his high politics. I reckoned that
Karolides and his affairs were not my
business, leaving all that to him.

  So a lot that he said slipped clean
out of my memory. I remember that
he was very clear that the danger to
Karolides would not begin till he had
got to London, and would come from
the very highest quarters, where there
would be no thought of suspicion. He
mentioned the name of a woman-—
Julia Czechenyi—as having something
to do with the danger.

  She would be the decoy, I gathered,
to get Karolides out of the care of his
guards. He talked, too, about a Black-
Stone and a man that lisped in his
speech, and he described very particu-
larly somebody that he never referred
to without a shudder — an old man
with a young voice who could hood
his eyes like a hawk.

  He spoke a good deal about death,
too. He was mortally anxious about
winning through with his job, but he
didn’t care a rush for his life.

  “ I reckon it’s like going to sleep
when you are pretty well tired out and
waking to find a summer day with the
scent of hay coming in at the window.
I used to thank God for such morn-
ings ’way back in the blue-grass coun-
try, and I guess I’ll thank Him when
I wake up on the other side of Jor-
dan.”

  Next day he was much more cheer-
ful, and read the life of Stonewall
Jackson much of the time. I went out
to dinner with a mining engineer I had
got to see on business, and came back
about half past ten, in time for our
game of chess before turning in.

  I had a cigar in my mouth, I re-
member. as 1 pushed open the smo-
king-room door. The lights were not
lit, which struck me as odd. I won-
dered if Scudder had turned in.
^	ALL-STORY

  I snapped the switch, but there was
nobody there. Then 1 saw something
in the far corner which made me drop
my cigar and fall into a cold sweat.

  My guest was lying sprawled on his
back. There was a long knife through
his heart, which skewered him to the
floor.

CHAPTER II.

The Milkman Starts on His Travels.

I SAT down in an armchair and felt
very sick. That lasted for maybe
five minutes, and was succeeded
by a At of the horrors. The poor,
staring, white face on the floor was
more than I could bear, and I managed
to get a table-cloth and cover it. Then
I staggered to a cupboard, found the
brandy, and swallowed several mouth-
fuls.

  I had seen men die violently before;
indeed. I had killed a few myself in
the Matabele War. But this cold-
blooded indoor business was different.
Still I managed to pull myself to-
gether.

  I looked at my watch, and saw that
ir was half past ten. An idea seized
me. and I went over the flat with a
small-tooth comb. There was nobody
there, nor any trace of anybody, but
I shuttered and bolted all the windows
and put the chain on the door.

  By this time my wits were coming
back to me and I could think again.
It took me about an hour to figure
the thing out, and I did not hurry;
for. unless the murderer came batj<, I
had till about six o’clock in the morn-
ing for my cogitations.

    I was in the soup—that was pretty
clear. Any shadow of a doubt I might
have had about the truth of Scudder’s
tale was now gone. The proof of it
was lying under the table-cloth. The
men who knew that he knew what
he knew had found him, and had taken
the best way to make certain of his
silence.

    Yes; but he had been in my rooms

WEEKLY.

four days, and his enemies must have
reckoned that he had confided in me.
So 1 would be the next to go. It might
be that very night, or next day, or
the day after, but my number was up
all right.

   Then suddenly I thought of another
probability. Supposing I went out now
and called in the police, or went to
bed and let Paddock find the body and
call them in the morning. W'hat kind
of a story was I to tell about Scudder?

  I had lied to Paddock about him.
and the whole thing looked desperately
fishy. If 1 made a clean breast of it
and told the police anything he had
told me, they would simply laugh at
me. The odds were a thousand to
one that I would be charged with the
murder, and the circumstantial evi-
dence was strong enough to hang me.

  Few people knew me in England;
I had no real pal who could come
forward and swear to my character.
Perhaps that was what those secret
enemies were playing for. They were
clever enough for anything, and an
English prison was as good a way of
getting rid of me till after June 15 as
a knife in my chest.

   Besides, if I told the whole story,
and by any miracle was believed, I
would be playing their game. Karo-
lides would stay at home, which was
what they wanted. Somehow or other
the sight of Scudder’s dead face had
made me a firm believer in his scheme.

  He was gone, but he had taken me
into his confidence, and I was pretty
well bound to carry on his work. You
may think this ridiculous for a man
in danger of his life, but that was the
way I looked at it.

   I am an ordinary sort of fellow, not
braver than other people, but I hate to
see a good man downed; and that long
knife would not be the end of Scudder
if T could play the game in his place.

   It took me an hour or two to think
this out, and by that time I had come
to a decision. T must vanish somehow
and keep vanished till the end of the
second week of June.
THE THIRTY-NINE STEPS.

605

  Then I must somehow find a way
to get in touch with the government
people and tell them what Scudder had
told me.

  I wished to Heaven he had told me
more, and that I had listened more
carefully to the little he had told me,
I knew nothing but the barest facts.
There was a big risk that, even if I
weathered the other dangers. I would
not be believed in the end. I must take
my chance of that and hope that some-
thing might happen which would con-
firm my tale in the eyes of the gov-
ernment.

  My first job was to keep going for
the next three weeks. It was now the
24th day of May, and that meant
twenty days of hiding before I could
venture to approach the powers that
be. I reckoned that two sets of people
would be looking for me—Scudder's
enemies to put me out of existence,
and the police, who would want me
for Scudder’s murder.

  It was going to be a giddy hunt,
and it was queer how the prospect
comforted me. I had been slack so
long that almost any chance of activity
was welcome. When I had to sit alone
with that corpse and wait on Fortune
I was no better than a crushed worm,
but if my neck’s safety was to hang
on my own wits I was prepared to be
cheerful about it.

 The next thought was whether
Scudder had any papers about him to
give me a better clue to the business.
I drew back the table-cloth and
searched his pockets. I had no longer
any shrinking from the body. The
face was wonderfully calm for a man
who had been struck down in a mo-
ment.

  There was nothing in the breast -
pocket, and only a few loose coins and
a cigar-holder in the waistcoat. The
trousers held a little penknife and some
silver, and the side-pocket of his jacket
contained an old crocodile-skin cigar-
case.

  There was no sign of the little black
book in which I had seen him making

notes. That had, no doubt, been taken
by his murderer.

  But as I looked up from my task
I saw that some drawers had been
pulled out in the writing-table. Scud-
der would never have left them in that
state, for he was the tidiest of mortals.
Some one must have been searching
for something—perhaps for the note-
book.

  I went round the flat and found that
everything had been ransacked—the
inside of books, drawers, cupboards,
boxes, even the pockets of the clothes
in my wardrobe and the sideboard in
the dining-room. There was no trace
of the book.

  Most likely the enemy had found
it, but they had not found it on Scud-
der's body.

  Then I got out an atlas and looked
at a big map of the British Isles. My
notion was to get off to some wild
district, where my veldcraft would be
of some use to me, for I would be like
a trapped rat in a city. I considered
that Scotland would be best, for my
people were Scotch, and I could pass
anywhere as an ordinary Scotsman. I
had half an idea at first to be a German
tourist, for my father had had German
partners and I had been brought up to
speak the tongue pretty fluently, not
to mention having put in three years
prospecting for copper in German
Damara-land.

  But I calculated that it would be
less conspicuous to be a Scot. and less
in a line with what the police might
know of my past. I fixed on Galloway
as the best place to go to. It was
the nearest wild part of Scotland, so
far as I could figure it out. and from
the look of the map was not overthick
with population.

  A search in Bradshaw informed me
that a train left St. Pancras at seven-
ten, which would land me at Galloway
Station in the late afternoon. That
was well enough, but a more important
matter was how I was to make my
way to the station; for I was pretty
certain that Scudder’s friends would
606

ALL-STORY .WEEKLY.

bt watching outside. This puzzled me
for a bit; then I had an inspiration on
which I went to bed and slept for two

troubled hours.

  I got up at four and opened my bed-
room shutters. The faint light of a
fine summer morning was flooding the
skies, and the sparrows had begun to
chatter. I had a great revulsion of
feeling and felt a God-forgotten fool.

  My inclination was to let things
slide, and trust to the British police
taking a reasonable view of my case.
But as I reviewed the situation I could
find no arguments to bring against my
decision of the previous night; so. with
a wry mouth. I resolved to go on with
my plan. I was not feeling in any par-
ticular funk, only disinclined to go
looking for trouble, if you understand
me.

   I hunted out a well-used tweed suit,
a pair of strong-nailed boots, and a
flannel shirt with a collar. Into my
pockets I stuffed a spare shirt, a cloth
cap. some handkerchiefs, and a tooth-
brush. I had drawn a good sum in
gold from the bank two days before,
in case Scudder should want money,
and 1 took fifty pounds of it in sov-
ereigns in a belt which I had brought
back from Rhodesia. That was about
all I wanted. Then I had a bath and
cut my mustache, which was long and
drooping, into a short stubbly fringe.

  Now came the next step. Paddock
used to arrive punctually at seven-
thirty and let himself in with a latch-
key. But about twenty minutes to
seven, as J knew from bitter expe-
rience. the milkman turned up with a
great clatter of cans, and deposited
my share outside my door.

  I had seen that milkman sometimes
when I had gone out for an early ride.
He was a young man about my own
height, with a scrubby mustache,
dressed in a white overall. On him I
staked all my chances.

  I went into the darkened smoking-
room, where the rays of morning light
were beginning to creep through the
shutters. There 1 breakfasted off a

whisky-and-soda and some biscuits
from the cupboard. By this time it
was getting on to six o’clock.

   1 put a pipe in my pocket and filled
my pouch from the tobacco jar on the
table by the fireplace. As I poked into
the tobacco my fingers touched some-
thing hard, and I drew out Scudder’s
little black note-book.

  That seemed to me a good omen. I
lifted the cloth from the body, and
was amazed at the peace and dignity
of the dead face. “ Good-by, old
chap/* I said; “ I am going to do my
best for you. Wish me well wherever
you are."

   Then I hung about in the hall, wait-
ing for the milkman. That was the
worst part of the business, for I was
fairly choking to get out of doors.
Six-thirty passed, then six-forty, but
still he did not come.

   The fool had chosen this day of all
days to be late.

  At one minute after the quarter to
seven I heard the rattle of the cans
outside. 1 opened the front door, and
there was my man. singling out my
can from a bunch he carried and
whistling through his teeth. He
jumped a bit at the sight of me.

  “ Come in here a moment," I said:
“ I want a word with you.” And I
led him into the dining-room.

   “ I reckon you’re a bit of a sports-
man.” I said. “ and I want you to do
me a service. Lend me your cap and
overall for ten minutes, and here's a
sovereign for you.”

   His eyes opened at the sight of the
gold, and he grinned broadly. “ What's
the game? " he asked.

  “A bet/' I said. “I haven’t time
to explain, but to win it I've got to be
a milkman for the next ten minutes.
All you’ve got to do is to stay here
till I come back. You’ll be a bit late,
but nobody will complain, and you’ll
have that quid for yourself.”

  “ Right-o! ” he said cheerily. “ I
ain’t the man to spoil a bit of sport.
Here’s the rig. guv’nor.”

   I stuck on his flat, blue hat and his
THE THIRTY-NINE STEPS.

607

white overall, picked up the cans,
hanged my door, and went whistling
down-stairs. The porter at the foot
told me to shut my jaw, which sound-
ed as if my make-up was adequate.

  At first I thought there was nobody
in the street. Then I caught sight of
a policeman a hundred yards down,
and a loafer shuffling past on the other
side. Some impulse made me raise my
eyes to the house opposite, and there
at a first-floor window was a face.

  As the loafer passed he looked up,
and I fancied a signal was exchanged.

  I crossed the street, whistling gaily
and imitating the jaunty swing of the
milkman. Then I took the first side
street and turned up a left-hand turn-
ing which led past a lot of vacant
ground. There was no one in the little
street, so I dropped the milk-cans in-
side the hoarding, and sent the hat and
overall after them.

  I had only just put on my cloth cap
when a postman came round the cor-
ner. I gave him good morning, and
he answered me unsuspiciously. Just
then the clock of a neighboring church
struck the hour of seven.

  There was not a moment to spare.

  As soon as I got to Euston Road I
took to my heels and ran. The clock
at Euston Station showed five minutes
past the hour. At St. Pancras I had
no time to take a ticket, let alone that
I had not settled upon my desination.
A porter told me the platform, and as
I entered it I saw the train already in
motion.

  Two station officials blocked the
way, but I dodged them and clambered
into the last carriage.

  Three minutes later, as we were
roaring through the northern tunnels,
an irate guard interviewed me. He
wrote out for me a ticket to Newtown
Stewart, a name which had suddenly
come back to my memory, and he con-
ducted me from the first - class com-
partment where I had ensconced my-
self to a third-class smoker, occupied
by a sailor and a stout woman with a
child.

  He went off grumbling; and as I
mopped my brow I observed to my
companions in my broadest Scotch
that it was a sore job catching trains.
I had already entered upon my part.

  “ The impidence o' that gyaird,”
said the lady bitterly. “ He needit a
Scotch tongue to pit him in his place.
He was complainin’ o’ this wean no
haein' a ticket and her no fower till
August twelvemonth, and he was ob-
jectin’ to this gentleman spittin

  The sailor cheerfully agreed, and I
started my newr life in an atmosphere
of protest against authority. I re-
minded myself that a week ago I had
been finding the world dull.

CHAPTER III.

The Literary Innkeeper’s Adventure.

1HAD a solemn time traveling north
that day.

     It was fine May weather, with
the hawthorn flowering on every
hedge; and I asked myself why. when
I was still a free man. I had stayed on
in London and not got the good of
this heavenly country. I didn’t dare
face the restaurant car. but I got a
luncheon basket at Leeds, and shared
it with the fat woman.

  Also I got the morning’s papers,
with news about starters for the Derby
and the beginning of the cricket season,
and some paragraphs about how Bal-
kan affairs were settling down and a
British squadron was going to Kiel.

  When I had done with them I got
out Scudder’s little black note-book
and studied it. It was pretty well
filled with jottings, chiefly figures,
though now and then a name was
printed in. For example. I found the
words “ Hofgaard," “ Luneville," and
“ Avocado ” pretty often, and especial-
ly the word “ Pavia.”

  Now I was certain that Scudder
never did anything without a reason,
and I was pretty sure that there was
a cipher in all this. That is a subject
which has always interested me. and
 I did a bit at it myself once as intel-
 ligence officer at Delagoa Bay during

th/Boer War.

  I have always had a head tor things

like chess and puzzles, and I used to

reckon myself pretty good at finding

out ciphers.	.

  This one looked like the numerical
kind where sets of figures correspond
to the letters of the alphabet, but any
fairly shrewd man can find the clue
to that sort after an hour or two’s
work, and I didn't think Scudder
would have been content with any-
thing so easy. So I fastened on the
printed words, for you can make a
pretty good numerical cipher if you
have* a key-word which gives you the
sequence of the letters.

  1 tried for hours, but none of the
words answered.

  Then I fell asleep, and woke at
Dumfries just in time to bundle out
and get into the slow Galloway train.
There was a man on the platform
whose looks I didn't like, but he never
glanced at me: and when I caught
sight of myself in the mirror of an
automatic machine, I didn’t wonder.

  With my brown face, my old
tweeds and my slouch I was the very
model of one of the hill farmers who
were crowding into the third-class car-
riages.

  I traveled with half a dozen in an
atmosphere of shag and clay pipes.
They had come from the weekly mar-
ket, and their mouths were full of
prices. I heard accounts of how the
lambing had gone up the Cairn and
the Deuch and a dozen other myste-
rious waters.

   Above half the men had lunched
heavily and were highly flavored with
whisky, but they let me alone. Wre
rumbled slowly into a land of little
wooded glens and then to a great, wide
moorland place, gleaming with lochs,
with high, blue hills showing north-
ward.

    About five o’clock the carriages had
   emptied and I was left alone, as I had
   hoped. I got out at the next station.

WEEKLY.

a little place whose name I scarcely
noted, set in the heart of a bog. It

reminded me of one of those forgotten
little stations in the Karros.

  An old station-master was digging
in his garden, and with his spade over
his shoulder sauntered to the train,
took charge of a parcel, and went back
to his potatoes. A child of ten reT
ceived my ticket, and 1 emerged frn a
white road that straggled over the
brown moss.

  It was a gorgeous spring evening,
with every hill showing as clear as a
cut amethyst.

  The air had the queer rooty smell of
bogs, but it was as fresh as mid-
ocean. and it had the strangest effect
on my spirit. I actually felt light-
hearted. I might have been a boy out
for spring-holiday tramp, instead of a
man of thirty-seven, very much want-
ed by the police.

  I felt just as I used to feel when 1
was starting for a big trek on a frosty
morning on the high veld.

  If you believe me, I swung along
that road whistling. There was no
plan of campaign in my head, only
just to go on and on in this blessed
honest-smelling hill country, for every
mile put me in better humor with my-
self.

  In a roadside planting I cut a walk-
ing stick of hazel, and presently struck
off the highway up a by-path which fol-
lowed the glen of a brawling stream.

   I reckoned that I was still far ahead
of any pursuit, and for that night
might please myself. It was some
hours since I had tasted food, and I
was getting very hungry when I came
to a herd's cottage set in a nook beside
a waterfall. A brown - faced woman
was standing by the door, and greeted
me with the kindly shyness of moor-
land places.

  When I asked for a night’s lodging
she said I was welcome to the “ lied
in the loft.” and very soon she set be-
fore me a hearty meal of ham and
eggs, scones, and thick sweet milk. At
the darkening her man came in from
THE THIRTY-NINE STEPS.

609

the hills, a lean giant who in one step
covered as much ground as three paces
of ordinary mortals.

  They asked no questions, for they
had the perfect breeding of all dwell-
ers in the wilds; but I could see they
set me down as some kind of dealer,
and I took a little trouble to confirm
their view.

  I spoke a lot about cattle, of which
my host knew little, and I picked up
from him a good deal about the local
Galloway markets, which I tucked
away in my memory for future use.
At ten I was nodding in my chair, and
the bed in the loft received a weary
man. who never opened his eyes till
five o’clock set the little homestead
a going once more.

  They refused any payment, and by
six I had breakfasted and was stri-
ding southward again.

  My notion was to return to the rail-
way line a station or two farther on
than the place where I had alighted
yesterday, and to double back. I reck-
oned that was the safest way, for the
police would naturally assume that I
was always making farther from Lon-
don in the direction of some western
port.

  I thought I had still a good bit of
a start, for, as I reasoned, it would
take some hours to fix the blame on
me and several more to identify the
fellow who got on board the train at
St. Pancras.

  It was the same jolly clear spring
weather, and I simply could not con-
trive to feel careworn. Indeed, I was
in better spirits than I had been lor
months. Over a long ridge of moor-
land I took my road, skirting the side
of a high hill which the herd had
called Cairnsmore of Fleet.

  Nesting curlews and plovers were
crying everywhere, and the links of
green pasture by the streams were
dotted with young lambs. All the
slackness of the past months was slip-
ping irom my bones, and I stepped out
like a I our-year-old. By and by I came
to a swell of moorland which dipped

     3	a-s

to the vale of a little river, and a mile
away in the heather I saw the smoke
of a train.

  The station, when I reached it.
proved to be ideal for my purpose.
The moor surged up around it and left
room only for the single line, the slen-
der siding, a waiting-room, an office,
the station-master’s cottage, and a tiny
yard of gooseberries and sweet william.

  There seemed no road to it from
anywhere, and to increase the desola-
tion the waves of a loch lapped on their
gray granite beach, half a mile away.
I waited in the deep heather till I
saw the smoke of an east-going train
on the horizon. Then I approached
the tiny booking-office and took a
ticket for Dumfries.

  The only occupants of the carriage
were an old shepherd and his dog—a
wall-eyed brute that I mistrusted. The
man was asleep, and on the cushions
beside him was that morning's Scots-
man. Eagerly I seized on it, for I
fancied it would tell me something.

  There were two columns about the
Portland Place murder, as it was
called. My man Paddock had given
the alarm and had the milkman arrest-
ed. Poor devil, it looked as if the lat-
ter had earned his sovereign hardly;
but for me he had been cheap at the
price, for he seemed to have occupied
the police the better part of the day.

  In the stop-press news I found a fur-
ther instalment of the story.

  The milkman had been released. I
read, and the true criminal, about
whose identity the police were reti-
cent, was believed to have got away
from London by one of the northern
lines. There was a short note about
me as the owner of the flat.

  I guessed the police had stuck that
in, as a clumsy contrivance to per-
suade me that I was unsuspected.

  There was nothing else in the paper;
nothing about foreign politics or Karo-
lides or the things that had interested
Scudder. I laid it down, and found
that we were approaching the station
at which I had got out yesterday. The
610

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

potato - digging station - master had
been gingered tip into some activity,
for the west-going train was waiting
to let us pass, and from it had descend-
ed three men, who were asking him
questions.

  I supposed that they were the local
police who had been stirred up by
Scotland Yard and had traced me as
far as this one-horse siding.

  Sitting well back in the shadow. I
watched them carefully. One of them
had a book and took down notes. The
old potato-digger seemed to have
turned peevish, but the child who had
collected my ticket was talking volubly.
All the party looked out across the
moor where the white road departed.
I hoped they were going to take up my
tracks there.

  As we moved away from that sta-
tion my companion woke up. He
fixed me with a wondering glance,
kicked his dog viciously, and inquired
w here he was. Clearly he was very
drunk.

  “ That’s what comes o’ bein’ a tee-
totaler,” he observed in bitter tones.

  I expressed my surprise that in him
I should have met a blue-ribbon stal-
wart.

  “ Aye, but I’m a strong teetotaler,”
he said pugnaciously. “ I took the
pledge last Martimmass, and I havena
touched a drop o’ whisky sinsyne. No
even at Hogmanay, though I was sair
tempted.”

  He swung his heels up on the seat
and burrowed a frowsy head into the
cushions.

  “ And that’s a’ I get.” he moaned.
“ A heid hetter than hell fire and twae
een lookin’ different wavs for Sun-
day.”

  “What did it?” I asked.

  “ A drink they ca’ brandy. Bein’ a
teetotaler, I keepit off the whisky, but
I was nip-nippin' a’ day yestereen at
this brandy, and I doubt I’iI no be weel
for a fortnicht.”

  His voice died away into a stutter,
and sleep once more laid its heavy hand
on him,

  My plan had been to get out at some
station down the line, but the train
suddenly gave me a better chance, for
it came to a standstill at the end of a
culvert which spanned a brawling
porter-colored river. 1 looked out,
and saw that every carriage window
was closed and no human figure ap-
peared in the landscape.

  So I opened the door and dropped
quickly into the tangle of hazels
which edged the line.

  It would have been all right but for
that infernal dog. Under the impres-
sion that 1 was decamping with its
master’s belongings, it started to bark
and all but got me by the trousers.
This woke up the herd who stood bawl-
ing at the carriage door in the belief
that 1 had committed suicide.

  I crawled through the thicket,
reached the edge of the stream, and
in cover of the bushes put a hundred
yards or so behind me.

  Then from my shelter I peered back,
and saw the guard had several passen-
gers gathered round the open carriage
door and staring in my direction. I
could not have made a more public de-
parture if I had left with a bugler and
a brass band.

  Happily the drunken herd provided
a diversion. He and his dog. which
was attached by a rope to his waist,
suddenly cascaded out of the carriage,
landed on their heads on the track, and
rolled some way down the bank to-
ward the water. In the rescue which
followed, the dog bit somebody, for I
could hear the sound of hard swear-
ing.

  Presently they had forgotten me;
and when after a quarter of a mile’s
crawl I ventured to look back, the train
had started again and was vanishing
in the cutting.

  I was in a wide semicircle of moor-
land. with the brown river as radius
and the high hills forming the north-
ern circumference. There was not a
sign or sound of a human being;
only the plashing water and the inter-
minable crying of curlews. Yet, oddly
THE thirty-nine steps.

611

enough, for the first time I felt the
terror of the hunted on me.

  It was not the police that I thought
of, but the other folk, who knew that
I knew Scudder’s secret and dared not
let me live. I was certain that they
would pursue me with a keenness and
vigilance unknown to the British law,
and that once their grip closed on me
I should find no mercy.

  I looked back, but there was nothing
in the landscape.

  The sun glinted on the metals of
the line and the wet stones in the
stream, and you could not have found
a more peaceful sight in the world.
Nevertheless, I started to run. Crouch-
ing low in the runnels of the bog, I
ran till the sweat blinded my eyes.
The mood did not leave me till I had
reached the rim of mountain and flung
myself, panting, on a ridge high above
the young waters of the brown river.

  From my vantage ground I could
scan the whole moor right away to the
railway line, and to the south of it,
where green fields took the place of
heather. I have eyes like a hawk, but
I could see nothing moving in the
whole countryside.

  Then I looked east beyond the ridge
and saw a new kind of landscape—
shallow green valleys with plentiful fir
plantations and the faint lines of dust
which spoke of highroads.

  Last of all I looked into the blue
May sky, and there I saw that which
set my pulses racing. Low down in
the south a monoplane was climbing
into the heavens. I was as certain as
if I had been told that that aeroplane
was looking for me. and that it did
not belong to the police. For an hour
or two I watched it from a pit of
heather.

  It flew low along the hilltops, and
then in narrow circles back over the
valley up which I had come. Then it
seemed to change its mind, rose to a
great height, and flew away back to
the south.

  I did not like this espionage from
the air, and I began to think less well

of the countryside I had chosen for a
refuge. These heather hills were no
sort of cover if my enemies were in
the sky. I must find a different kind
of sanctuary.

  I looked with more satisfaction to
the green country beyond the ridge,
for there I should find woods and
stone houses.

  About six in the evening I came out
of the moorland to a white ribbon of
road which wound up the narrow vale
of a lowland stream. As I followed it,
fields gave place to banks, the glen be-
came a plateau, and presently I had
reached a kind of pass, where a soli-
tary house smoked in the twilight.

  The road swung over a bridge, and
leaning on the parapet was a man.

  He was smoking a long clay pipe
and studying the water with spectacled
eyes. In his left hand was a small
book, with a finger marking the place.
Slowly he repeated—

  “As when a Gryphen through the wil-
      derness

  With winged step, o’er hill and moory
      dale

  Pursues the Arimaspian—"

  He jumped round as my step rung
on the keystone, and I saw a pleasant,
sunburnt, boyish face.

  “ Good evening to you,” he said
gravely. “ It's a fine night for the
road.”

  The smell of wood smoke and of
some savory roast floated to me from
the house. “ Is that place an inn ? ”
I asked.

  “At your service,” he said politely;
“ I am the landlord, sir, and I hope
you will stay the night, for to tell you
the truth I have had no company for
a week.”

  I pulled myself up on the parapet
of the bridge and filled my pipe. I
began to detect an ally.

  “ You’re young to be an innkeeper,*-
I said.

  “ My father died a year ago and
left me the business. I live there with
my grandmother. It’s a slow job for
612

 'a young man. and it wasn't my choice

 of profession.”

   “ Which was? ”

 •	He actually blushed. I want to

 write books,” he said

 *	“And what letter chance could vou
 ask?" 1 cried. “Man, I've often
 thought that an innkeeper would make
 the best story-teller in the world. ’

  “ Not now,” he said eagerly.
“ Maybe in the old days when you
had pilgrims and ballad - makers and
highwaymen and mail-coaches on the
road; but not now. Nothing comes
here but motor-cars full of fat women,
who stop for lunch, and a fisherman
or two in the spring and the shooting
tenants in August. There is not much
material to be got out of that. I want
to see life, to travel the world, and
write things like Kipling and Conrad.
But the most I’ve done yet is to get
some verses printed in Chambers's
'Journal.”

   I looked at the inn, standing golden
 in the sunset against the wine-red hills.

   “ I've knocked a bit about the world,
 and I wouldn’t despise such a hermi-
 tage. D’you think that adventure is
 found only in the tropics or among
 gentry in red shirts? Maybe you’re
 rubbing shoulders with it at this mo-
 ment.”

   “ That’s what Kipling says,” he
 said, his eyes lightening, and he quoted
 some verse about “ Romance bringing
 up the nine-fifteen.’’

   “ Here’s a true tale for you then,”
 I cried, “ and a month hence you can
 make a novel out of it.”

   Sitting on the bridge in the soft
 May gloaming, I pitched him a lovely
 yarn. It was true in essentials, too.
 though I altered the minor details. I
 made out that I was a mining magnate
 from Kimberley, who had had a lot
 of trouble with I. D. B.* and had

ALT- STORY WEEKLY.

 shown up a gang. They had pursued
 me across the ocean and had killed
 my best friend, and were now on

my track.

  I told the story well, though I say

it who shouldn’t.

  I pictured a flight across the Kala-
hari to German Africa, the crackling,
parching days, the wonderful blue-*
velvet nights. I described an attack
on my life on the voyage home, and
I made a really horrid affair of the
Portland Place murder.

  “You’re looking for adventure!”
I cried; “well, you’ve found it here.
The devils are after me, and the police
are after them. It’s a race that I
mean to win.”

  “ By God,” he whispered, drawing
his breath in sharply, “ it is all pure
Rider Haggard and Conan Doyle!”

  “ You believe me,” I said grate-
fully.

  “Of course I do,” and he held out
his hand. “ I believe everything out
of the common. The only thing to
distrust is the normal.”

  He was very young, but he was the
man for my money.

  “ I think they’re off my track for
the moment, but I must lie close for
a couple of days. Can you take me

                                    in?”

                                      He caught my elbow in his eager-
                                    ness and drew me toward the house.
                                    “ You can lie as snug here as if you
                                    were in a mouse-hole. I’ll see that no-
                                    body blabs, either. And you’ll give
                                    me some more material about your
                                    adventures? ”

                                         As I entered the inn porch I heard
                                       from far off the beat of an engine.
                                       There silhouetted against the dusky
                                       west was mv friend, the monoplane.

                                      He gave me a room at the back of
                                    the house with a fine outlook over the

      * This refers to the Illicit Diamond Buyers of South Africa. As explained by Dr. George
 Frederick Kunz in an address before the National Geographic Society (1903): “The diamond min-
 ing companies of South Africa have unusual power under the laws of the colony so that no one is per-
 mitted to buy or sell diamonds unless authorized rough diamond buyers. Any one in whose possession
 uncut stones are found is brought to immediate punishment and the penalty is unusually severe for in-
 nocent or guilty buyers or guilty dealers. The detective system is remarkable. People in all walks
 of life belong to this special force. Had it not been for the importance of the diamond mines under
 Cecil Rhodes and his stringent laws, it would have been impossible to mine diamonds with profit."
THE THIRTY-NINE STEPS.

613

plateau, and he made me free of his
own room, which was stacked with
cheap editions of his favorite authors.
I never saw the grandmother, so I
guessed she was bedridden.

  An old woman called Margit brought
me my meals, and the innkeeper was
around me at all hours.

  I wanted some time to myself, so I
invented a job for him. He had a
motorcycle, and I sent him off next
morning for the daily paper, which
usually arrived with the post in the
late afternoon. I told him to keep his
eyes skinned and make note of any
strange figure he saw, keeping a spe-
cial, shaqD lookout for motors and
aeroplanes.

  Then I sat down in real earnest to
Scudder’s note-book.

  Pie came back at midday with the
Scotsman. There was nothing in it
except some further evidence of Pad-
dock and the milkman, and a repeti-
tion of yesterday’s statement that the
murderer had gone north. But there
was a long article, reprinted from the
Tunes, about Karolides and the state
of affairs in the Balkans, though
there was no mention of any visit to
England. I got rid of the innkeeper
for the afternoon, for I was getting
very warm in my search for the cipher.

  As I told you, it was a numerical
cipher, and by an elaborate system of
experiments I had pretty well discov-
ered what were the nulls and stops.
The trouble was the key - word, and
when I thought of the odd million
words he might have used I felt
pretty hopeless. But about three
o’clock I had a sudden inspiration.

  The name Julia Czechenyi flashed
across my memory. Scudder had said
it was the key to the Karolides busi-
ness, and it occurred to me to try it
on his cipher.

  It. worked. The five letters of
“ Julia ” gave me the position of the
vowels. A was J, the tenth letter of
the alphabet, and so represented by X
in the cipher. “ Czechenji ” gave me
tlie numerals for the principal conson-

ants. I scribbled that scheme on a bit
of paper and sat down to read Scud-
der’s pages.

  In half an hour I was reading with
a whitish face and fingers that drum-
med on the table. I glanced out of
the window and saw a big touring-
car coming up the glen toward the
inn. It drew up at the door and there
was the sound of people alighting.
There seemed to be two of them, men
in acquascutums and tweed caps.

  Ten minutes later the innkeeper
Slipped into the room, his eyes bright
with excitement.

  “ There’s two chaps below looking
for you/’ he whispered. “ They’re in
the dining-room having whiskys and
sodas. They asked about you and
said they had hoped to meet you here.
Oh! and they described you jolly well,
down to your boots and shirt. I told
them you had been here last night and
had gone off on a mortorcvcle this
morning, and one of the chaps swore
like a navvy.’’ I made him tell me
what they looked like.

  One was a dark-eyed, thin fellow
with bushy eyebrows, the other was
always smiling and lisped in his talk.
Neither wras any kind of foreigner; on
this my young friend was positive.

  I took a bit of paper * and wrote
these words in German as if they
were part of a letter:

  Black Stone. Scudder had got on to
this, but he could not act for a fortnight.
I doubt if I can do any good now, espe-
cially as Karolides is uncertain about his
plans. But if Mr. T. advises I will do
the best I . . .

  I manufactured it rather neatly, so
that it looked like a loose page of a
private letter.

  “ Take this down and say it was
found in my bedroom and ask them to
return it to me if they overtake me.”

  Three minutes later I heard the car
begin to move, and peeping from be-
hind the curtain, caught sight of the
two figures. One was slim, the other
was sleek; that was the most I could
make of my reconnaissance.
614

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  The innkeeper appeared in great ex-
citement. “ Your paper woke them
up." he said gleefully. “ I he dark
fellow went as white as death and
cursed like blazes, anil the fat one
whistled and looked ugly. They paid
for their drinks with half a sovereign
and wouldn’t wait for change."

  “ Now I’ll tell you what I want you
to do," I said. “ Get on your bicycle
and go off to Newton Stewart to the
chief constable. Describe the two
men. and say you suspect them of
having had something to do with the
London murder. You can invent rea-
sons. The two will come back, never
fear. Not to-night, for they’ll follow
me forty miles along the road, but
first thing to-morrow morning. Tell
the police to be here bright and early."

  He set off like a docile child, while
I worked at Scudder's notes.

  When he came back we dined to-
gether and in common decency I had
to let him pump me. I gave him a
lot of stuff about lion hunts and the
Matabele War, thinking all the while
what tame businesses these were com-
pared to this I was now engaged in.
When he went to bed I sat up and
finished Scudder.

  I smoked in a chair till daylight for
I couldn’t sleep.

  About eight next morning I wit-
nessed the arrival of two constables
and a sergeant. They put their car in
a coach-house under the innkeeper’s
instructions and entered the house.
Twenty minutes later I saw from my
window a second car come across the
plateau from the opposite direction.

  It did not come up to the inn, but
stopped two hundred yards off in the
Shelter of a patch of wood. T noticed
that its occupants carefully reversed it
beiore leaving it. A minute or two
later I heard their steps on the gravel
outside the window.

  My plan had been to lie hid in my
bedroom, and see what happened. I
had a notion that if I could bring the
police and my other more dangerous
pursuers together, something might

work out of it to my advantage. But
now I had a better idea.

  I scribbled a line of thanks to my
host, opened the window and dropped
quietly into a gooseberry bush.

  Unobserved I crossed the dike,
crawled down the side of a tributary
burn, and won the highroad on the
far side of the patch of trees. There
stood the car, very spick and span in
the morning sunlight, but with the
dust on her which told of a long jour-
ney I started her, jumped into the
chauffeur’s seat, and stole gently out
on to the plateau.

  Almost at once the road dipped so
that I lost sight of the inn. but the
wind seemed to bring me the sound
of angry voices,

CHAPTER IV.

The Radical Candidate’s Adventure.

YOU may picture me driving that
forty-horse-power car for all she
was worth over the crisp moor
roads on that shining May morning,
glancing back at first over my shoul-
der and looking anxiously to the next
turning; then driving with a vague
eye. just wide enough awake to keep
on the highway.

  For I was thinking desperately of
what I had found in Scudder's note-
book.

  The little man had told me a pack
of lies. All his yarns about the Bal-
kans and the Foreign Office confer-
ence were eve-wash and so was Karo-
lides. And yet not quite, as you shall
hear.

  I had staked everything on my be-
lief in his story and had been let
down; here was his book telling me a
different tale; and instead of being
once-bit-twice-shy, I believed it abso-
lutely. Why? I don’t know.

  It rang desperately true; and the
first yarn, if you understand me, had
been in a queer way true also in spirit.
The fifteenth day of June was going
to be a day of destiny, a bigger des-
THE THIRTY-NINE STEPS.

615

tiny than the killing of a man. It
was so big that I didn't blame Scud-
der for keeping me out of the game,
and wanting to play a lone hand.

  That, I was pretty clear, was his in-
tention.

  He had told me something which
sounded big enough, but the real thing
was so immortally big that he, the
man who had found it out, wanted it
all for himself. I didn’t blame him.
It was risks after all that he was
chiefly greedy about.

  The whole story was in the notes—
with gaps, you understand, which he
would have filled up from his me-
mory.

  He stuck down his authorities too,
and had an odd trick of giving them
all a numerical value and then strik-
ing a balance, which stood for the re-
liability of each stage in the yam.
The three names he had printed were
authorities, and there was a man, Du-
crosne, who got five out of a pos-
sible five, and another fellow Am-
mersfoort, who got three.

  The bare bones of the tale were all
that was in the book—these, and one
queer phrase which occurred half a
dozen times inside brackets, u Thirty-
nine steps ’’ was the phrase, and at its
last time of use it ran. “ Thirty-nine
steps I counted them; high tide 10:17
P.M.”

  I could make nothing of that.

  The first thing I learned was that
it was no question of preventing a
war. That was coming, as sure as
Christmas; had been arranged, said
Scudder. ever since February, 1912.
Karolides was going to be the occa-
sion.

  He was booked all right and was
going to hand in his checks on June
15, two weeks and four days from
that May morning. I gathered from
Scudder's notes that nothing on earth
could prevent that. His talk of Epi-
rote guards that would skin their own
grandmothers was all nonsense.

  The second thing was that this war
was going to come as a mighty sur-

  prise to Britain. Karolides’s death
would set the Balkans by the ears, and
then Vienna would chip in with an
ultimatum. Russia wouldn't like that,
and there would be high words.

  But Berlin would play the peace-
maker and pour oil on the waters, till
suddenly she would find a good cause
for a quarrel, pick it up, and in five
hours let fly at us. That was the
idea, and a pretty good one too.

  Honey and fair speeches and then
a stroke in the dark. While we were
talking about the good will and good
intentions of Germany, our coast
would be silently ringed with mines,
and submarines would be waiting for
every battleship.

  But all this depended upon the
third thing which was due to happen
on June 15. I would never have
grasped this, if I hadn’t once hap-
pened to meet a French staff officer,
coming back from West Africa, who
had told me a lot of things.

  One was that in spite of all the non-
sense talked in Parliament there was
a real working alliance between
France and Britain, and that the two
General Staffs met every now and
then and made plans for joint action
in time of war. Well, in June, M.
Royer, the French minister of ma-
rine, was coming over from Paris,
and he was going to get nothing less
than a statement of the disposition of
the British home fleet on mobilization.

  At least I gathered it was some-
thing like that; anyhow, it was some-
thing uncommonly important. But
on the 15th day of Tune there were
to be others in London—others at
whom I could only guess. Scudder
was content to call them collectively
the Black Stone.

  They represented not our allies, but
our deadly foes, and the information,
destined for France, was to be
diverted to their pockets. And it was
to be used, remember—used a week
or two later, with great guns and
swift torpedoes, suddenly in the dark-
ness of a summer night.
616

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  This was the story 1 had been de-
ciphering in- a back room of a coun-
try inn, overlooking a cabbage gar-
den. This was the story that hum-
med in my brain, as I swung in the
big touring-car from glen to glen.

  My first impulse had been to write
a letter to the Prime Minister, but a
little reflection convinced me that that
■ivould be useless. Who would believe
my tale?

  I must show a sign, some token in
proof, and Heaven knew what that
fcould be.

  Above all I must keep going myself,
ready to act when things got riper,
and that was going to be no light job
with the police of the British Isles in
full cry after me, and the watchers
of the Black Stone running silently
and swiftly on my trail.

  I had no very clear purpose in my
journey, but I steered east by the sun,
for I remembered from the map that
if I went north I would come into a
region of coal-pits and industrial
towns. Presently I was down from
the moorlands and traversing the
broad haugh of a river.

  For miles I ran alongside a park
wall, and in a break of the trees I
saw a great castle.

  T swung through little old thatched
streams, and past gardens blazing
with hawthorn and yellow laburnum.

  The land was so deep in peace that
I could scarcely believe that some-
where behind me were those who
sought my life; ay, and that in a
month's time, unless I had the al-
mightiest of luck, these round, coun-
try faces would be pinched and star-
ing. and men would l>e lying dead in
English fields.

  About midday I entered a long,
straggling village and had a mind to
stop and eat. Half-way down was
the post-ofTice, and on the steps of it
stood the post-mi stress and a police-
man hard at work conning a telegram.

  \\ lien they saw me they wakened
up, and the policeman advanced with
raised hand and cried on me to stop.

  I nearly was fool enough to obey.
Then it flashed upon me that the wire
had to do with me. that my friends
at the inn had come to an understand-
ing and were united in desiring to see
more of me, and that it had been easy
enough for them to wire the descrip-
tion of me and the car to thirty vil-
lages through which I might pass.

  I released the brakes just in time.
As it was the policeman made a claw
at the hood and only dropped off
when he got my left in his eye.

  I saw that main roads were no
place for me, and turned into the by-
ways. It wasn’t an easy job without
a map, for there was the risk of get-
ting onto a farm road and ending
in a duck-pond or a stable-vard. and
I couldn’t afford that kind of delay.

  I began to see what an ass I had
been to steal the car.

  The big green brute would be the
safest kind of clue to me over the
breadth of Scotland. If I left it and
took to my feet, it would be dis-
covered in an hour or two and I would
get no start in the race.

  The immediate thing to do was to
get to the lonliest roads. These I
soon found when I struck up a tribu-
tary of the big river, and got into a
glen with steep hills all about me. and
a corkscrew road at the end which
climbed over a pass.

  Here I met nobody, but it was tak-
ing me too far north, so I slued east
along a bad track and finally struck a
big double-line railway. Away below
me I saw another broadish valley, and
it occurred to me that if I crossed it
I might find some remote hostelry to
pass the night.

  The evening was now drawing in,
and I was furiously hungry, for I had
eaten nothing since breakfast except
a couple of buns I had bought from a
baker’s cart.

  Just then I heard a noise in the sky,
and lo and behold there was that in-
fernal aeroplane, flying low. about a
dozen miles to the south and rapidly
coming toward me.
THE THIRTY-NINE STEPS.

617

  I had the sense to remember that on
a bare moor I was at the aeroplane's
mercy, and that my only chance was
to get to the leafy cover of the valley.

  Down the hill I went like blue
lightning, screwing my head round
whenever I dared, to watch that
damned flying machine. Soon I was
on a road between hedges, and dip-
ping to the deep-cut glen of a stream.

  Then came a bit of thick wood
where I slackened speed.

  Suddenly on my left I heard the
hoot of another car and realized to
my horror that I was almost upon a
couple of gate-posts through which a
private road debouched on the high-
way. My horn gave an agonized
roar, but it was too late.

  I clapped on my brakes, but my im-
petus was too great, and there before
me a car was sliding athwart my
course. In a second there would have
been the deuce of a wreck. I did the
only thing possible, and ran slap into
the hedge on the right trusting to find
something soft beyond.

  But there I was mistaken.

  Mv car slithered through the hedge
like butter and then gave a sickening
plunge forward. I saw what was
coming, leaped on the seat and would
have jumped out. But a stout branch
of hawthorn got me in the chest,
lifted me up and held me. while a ton
or two of expensive metal slipped be-
low- me. bucked and pitched, and then
dropped with an almighty smash fifty
feet to the bed of the stream.

  I subsided first on the hedge, and
then very gently on a bower of net-
tles. As I scrambled to my feet a
hand took me by the arm. and a sym-
pathetic and badly scared voice asked
me if I were hurt.

  I found myself looking at a tall,
young man in goggles and a leather
ulster who kept on blessing his soul
and whinnying apologies. For my-
self, once I got my wind back, I was
rather glad than otherwise.

  This was one way of getting rid
of the car.

  “ My blame, sir/’ I answered him.
“ It’s lucky that I did not add homi-
cide to my follies. That's the end of
my Scotch motor tour, but it might
have been the end of my life."

  He plucked out a watch and
studied it.

  “ You’re the right sort of fellow.”
he said. “ I can spare a quarter of an
hour, and my house is two minutes
off. I’ll see you clothed and fed and
snug in bed. Where’s your kit, by
the way? Is it in the burn along with
the car? ”

  “ It’s in my pocket.” I said, brand-
ishing a tooth-brush. “ I'm a colonial
and travel light.”

  “ A colonial.” he cried. “ By Gad.
you’re the very man I've been pray-
ing for. Are you by any blessed
chance a Free Trader?”

  “ I am,” said I. without the fog-
giest notion of what he meant.

  He patted my shoulder and hurried
me into his car. Three minutes later
we drew' up before a comfortable-
looking shooting-box set among pine
trees, and he ushered me in-doors.
He took me first to a bedroom and
flung half a dozen of his suits before
me. for my own had been pretty well
reduced to rags.

  I selected a loose blue serge, which
differed most conspicuously from my
own garments, and borrowed a linen
collar.

  Then he haled me to the dining-
room, where the remnants of a meal
stood on the table, and announced that
I had just five minutes to feed.
“ You can take a snack in your pocket,
and we’ll have supper when we get
back. I’ve got to be at the Masonic
Hall at eig’it o’clock or my agent will
comb my hair.”

  I had a cup of coffee and some cold
ham, while he yarned away on the
hearth-rug.

  “ You find me in the deuce of a

mess, Mr. -; by the by you haven't

told me your name. Twrisden? Any
relation of old Tommy Twisden of
the Sixtieth? No. Well, you see I'm
618

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

Liberal candidate /or this part of the
world, and I had a meeting on to-
night at Brattleburn—that s my chief
town, and an infernal Tory strong-

h°«di had got the Colonial ex-Pre-
mier fellow. Crumpleton, coming to
speak for me to-night, and had the
thing tremendously billed and the
whole place ground-baited. This af-
ternoon I got a wire from the ^'"an
saying he has got influenza at Black-
pool, and here am 1 left to do the
whole thing myself. I had meant to
speak for ten minutes and must now
go on tor forty, and, though 1 ve lieen
racking my brains for three hours to
think of something, I simply cannot
last the course.

  “ Now you’ve got to 1>e a good
chap and help me. ^ ou’re a Free
Trader and can tell our people what
a wash-out Protection is in the Col-
onies. All you fellows have the gift
of the gab—I wish to Heavens I had
it. I'll be for evermore in your debt."

  I had very few notions about free
trade one way or the other, but T saw
no other chance to get what I wanted.

  My young gentleman was far too
absorbed in his own difficulties to
think how odd it was to ask a
stranger who had just missed death
by an ace and had lost a one-thou-
sand-guinea car to address a meeting
for him on the spur of the moment.
But my necessities did not allow me
to contemplate oddnesses or to pick
and choose my supports.

  “All right,” I said. “I’m not
much good as a speaker, but I’ll tell
them a bit about Australia.”

  At my words the cares of the ages
slipped from his shoulders and he was
rapturous in his thanks. He lent me
a big driving coat—and never
troubled to ask why I had started in
a motor tour without possessing an
ulster—and as we shuffled down the
dusty roads poured into my ears the
simple facts of his history.

  He was an orphan and his uncle
had brought him up. I’ve forgotten

the uncle’s name, but he was in the
Cabinet and you can read his speeches

in the papers.

  He had gone round the world after
leaving Cambridge, and then, being
short of a job, his uncle had advised
politics. I gathered that he had no
preference in parties. “ Good chaps
in both." he said cheerfully, u and
plenty of blighters, too. I’m Liberal,
because my family have always been
Whigs.”

  But if he was lukewarm politically
he had strong views on other things.
He found out I knew a bit about
horses, and jawed away about the
Derby entries; and he was full of
plans for improving his shooting.
Altogether, a very clean, decent, cal-
low young man.

  As we passed through a little town
two policemen signalled us to stop,
and flashed their lanterns on us.
“ Beg pardon. Sir Harry,” said one.
“ We’ve got instructions to look out
for a car and the description’s no un-
like yours.”

  “ Right-o.” said my host, while I
thanked Providence for the devious
ways I had been brought to safety.

  After that we spoke no more, for
my host’s mind began to labor heavily
with his coming speech. His lips
kept muttering, his eye wandered, and
I began to prepare myself for a
second catastrophe. I tried to think
of something to say myself, but my
mind wras dr}- as & stone.

  The next thing I knew we had
drawn up outside a door in a street
and were being welcomed by some
noisv gentlemen in rosettes.

  The hall had about five hundred in
it. women mostly, a lot of bald heads,
and a dozen or two young men.

  The chairman, a weaselv minister
with a reddish nose, lamented Crum-
pleton’s absence, soliloquized on his
influenza, and gaze me a certificate as
a “ trusted leader of Australian
thought.” There were two policemen
at the door and I hoped they took
note of this testimonial.
THE THIRTY-NINE STEPS.

619

  Then Sir Harry started.

  I never heard anything like it. He
didn’t begin to know how to talk. He
had about a bushel of notes from
which he read, and when he let go
of them he fell into one prolonged
stutter.

  Every now and then he remem-
bered a phrase he had learned by
heart, straightened his back, and gave
it off like Henry Irving, and the next
moment he was bent double and
crooning over his papers. It was the
most appalling rot. too.

  He talked about the “ German
menace,” and said it was all a Tory
invention to cheat the poor of their
rights and keep back the great flood
of social reform, but that “ organized
labor ” realized this and laughed the
Tories to scorn. He was all for re-
ducing our navy as a proof of our
good faith, and then sending Ger-
manv an ultimatum demanding that
she should do the same.

  He said that but for the Tories,
Germany and Britain would be fellow
workers in peace and reform. I
thought of the little black book in my
pocket!

  Yet in a queer way I liked the
speech. You could see the niceness of
the chap shining out behind the non-
sense with which he had been spoon-
fed. Also it took a load off my mind.
I mightn’t be much of an orator, but
I was a thousand per cent better than
Sir Harn*. I didn’t get on so badly
when it came to my turn. I simply
told them all I could remember about
Australia, praying there should be no
Australian there—all about its labor
party and emigration and universal
service.

  I doubt if I remembered to mention
free trade, but I said there were no
Tories in Australia, only Labor and
Liberals. That fetched a cheer, and
I woke them up a bit when I started
in to tell them the kind of glorious
business I thought could be made out
of the Empire if we really put our
backs into it.

  Altogether I fancy I was rather a
success. The minister didn't like me
though, and when he proposed a vote
of thanks spoke of Sir Harry's speech
as “ statesmanlike.” and mine as hav-
ing the “ eloquence of an official emi-
gration agent.”

  When we were in the car again my
host was in wild spirits at having got
his job over. “ A ripping speech,
Twisden,” he said. “ Now, you’re
coming home with me. I’m all alone,
and if you’ll stop a day or two I’ll
show you some very decent fishing.”
We had a hot supper—and I
wanted it pretty badly—and then
drank grog in a big. cheery smoking-
room with a crackling wood fire. I
thought the time had come for me to
put my cards on the table. I saw by
this man’s eye that he was the kind
you can trust.

  “ Listen, Sir Harry.” I said. “ I’ve
something pretty important to say to
you. You’re a good fellow and I’m
going to be frank. Where on earth
did you get that poisonous rubbish
you talked to-night?”

  His face fell. “ Was it as bad as
that?” lie asked ruefully. “It did
sound rather thin. I got most of it
out of the Liberal Magazine and
pamphlets that agent chap of mine
keeps sending me. But you surely
don't think Germany would ever go
to war with us? ”

  “ Ask that question in six weeks
and it won't need an answer,” I said.
“ If you’ll give me your attention for
half an hour I am going to tell you
a story.”

  I can see yet that bright room with
the deers’ heads and the old prints on
the walls, Sir Harry standing rest-
lessly on the stone curb of the hearth,
and myself lying back in an arm-
chair speaking. I seemed to be an-
other person, standing aside and list-
ening to my own voice, and judging
carefully the reliability of my tale.

  It was the first time I had ever told
any one the exact truth, so far as I
understood it. and it did me no end
620

ALL-STORY .WEEKLY.

of good, for it straightened out the
thing in my own mind.

  I blinked no detail. He heard all
about Scudder and the milkman and
the note-book, and my doings in Gal-
loway. Presently lie got very excited
and walked up and down the hearth-
rug.

  “ So you see.” I concluded, “ you
have got here in your house the man
that is wanted for the Portland Place
murder. Your duty is to send your
car for the police and give me up. I
don’t think I'll get very far. There’ll
be an accident and I’ll have a knife
in my ribs an hour or so after ar-
rest. * Nevertheless it’s your duty, as
a law-abiding citizen. Perhaps in a
month's time you'll be sorry, but you
have no cause to think of that.”

  He was looking at me with bright,
steady eyes. “ What was your job in
Rhodesia, Mr. Hannay? ’’ he asked.

  ■* Mining engineer,” I said. “ I’ve
made my pile cleanly and I’ve had a
good time in the making of it.”

  “ Not a profession that weakens
the nerves, is it?”

  I laughed. “ Oh. as to that, my
nerves are good enough.” I took
down a hunting knife from a stand
on the wall, and did the old Mashona
trick of tossing it and catching it in
my lips. That wants a pretty steady
heart

  He watched me with a smile. “ I
don’t want proofs. I may be an ass
on the platform, but I can size up a
man. You’re no murderer and you’re
no fool, and I believe you are speak-
ing the truth. I’m going to back you
up. Now, what can I do?”

   “ First. I want you to wrritc a letter
to your uncle. I've got to get in touch
with the government people some
time before the 15th of June ”

  He pulled his mustache.

  “ That won’t help you. This is
Foreign Office business, and my uncle
would have nothing to do with it.
Besides you d never convince him.
No, I’ll go one better. I’ll write to
the permanent secretary at the For-

eign Office. He’s my godfather and
one of the best going. What do you

want ? ”

  He sat down at a table and wrote
to my dictation. The gist of it was
that if a man called Twisden (I
thought I had better stick to that
name), turned up before June 15 he
was to treat him kindly. He said
Twisden would prove his bona fides
by passing the word “ Black Stone ”
and whistling “ Annie Laurie.”

  “ Good,” said Sir Harry. “ That’s
the proper style. By the way you’ll
find my godfather—his name’s Sir
Walter Bullivant—down at his coun-
try cottage for Whitsuntide. It’s
close to Artinswell-on-the-Kennet.
That’s done. Now, what’s the next
thing? ”

  “You’re about my height. -Lend
me the oldest tweed suit you've got.
Anything will do, so long as the color
is the opposite of the clothes I de-
stroyed this afternoon. Then show
me a map of the neighborhood and
explain to me the lie of the land.
Lastly, if the police come asking about
me, just show them the car in the
glen. If the other lot turn up tell
them I caught the south express after
your meeting.”

  He did. or promised to do. all these
things.

  I shaved off the remnants of my
mustache, and got inside an ancient
suit of what 1 believe is called heather
mixture. The map gave me some no-
tion of my whereabouts and told me
the two things I wanted to know—
where the main railway to the south
could be joined and what were the
wildest districts near at hand.

  At two o’clock he wakened me
from my slumber in the smoking-
room armchair and let! me blinking
into the dark, starry night. An old
bicycle was found in a tool-shed and
handed over to me.

  " First turn to the right up by the
long fir-wood,” he enjoined. “ By
daybreak you’ll be well into the hills.
T hen I should pitch the machine into
THE THIRTY-NINE STEPS.

621

a bog and take to the moors on foot.
You can put in a week among the
shepherds, and be as safe as if you
were in New Guinea."

  I pedaled diligently up steep roads
of hill gravel till the skies grew pale
with morning. As the mists cleared
before the sun I found myself in a
wide green world with glens falling
on every side and a faraway blue
horizon. Here at any rate I could
get early news of my enemies.

CHAPTER V.

The Spectacled Roadman’s Adventure.

I SAT down on the very crest of the
pass and took stock of my position.
Behind me was the road climbing
through a long cleft in the hills which
was the upper glen of some notable
river. In front was a flat space of
maybe a mile all pitted with bog-holes
and rough with tussocks, and then be-
yond it the road fell steeply down an-
other glen to a plain whose blue dim-
ness melted into the distance.

  To left and right were round-shoul-
dered, green hills as smooth as pan-
cakes; but to the south—that is the
left hand—there was a glimpse of high
heathery mountains, which I remem-
bered from the map as the big knot
of hill which I had chosen for my
sanctuary.

  I was on the central boss of a huge
upland country, and could see every-
thing moving for miles. In the mead-
ows below the road, half a mile back,
a cottage smoked, but it was the only
sign of human life. Otherwise there
was only the calling of plovers and the
tinkling of little streams.

  It was now about seven o’clock, and
as I waited I heard once again the
ominous beat in the air. Then I re-
alized that my vantage ground might
be in reality a trap. There was no
cover for a tomtit in those bald green
places.

  I sat quite still and hopeless while
the beat grew louder.

  Then I saw an aeroplane coming up
from the east. It was flying high, but
as I looked it dropped several hundred
feet and began to circle round the knot
of hill in narrowing circles, just as a
hawk wheels before it pounces. Now
it was flying very low, and now the
watchman on board caught sight of
me.

  I could see one of the two occu-
pants examining me through glasses.
Suddenly tf began to rise in swift
whorls, and the next I knew it was
speeding eastward again till it became
a speck in the blue morning.

  That made me do some savage think-
ing. My enemies had located me, and
the next thing would be a cordon
round me. I didn’t know what force
they could command, but I was certain
it would be sufficient. The aeroplane
had seen my bicycle, and would con-
clude that I would try to escape by the
road.

  In that case there might be a chance
on the moors to the right or left. I
wheeled the machine a hundred yards
from the highway, and plunged it into
a moss-hole where it sank among pond-
weed and water-buttercups. Then I
climbed to a knoll which gave me a
view of the two valleys. Nothing was
stirring on the long white ribbon that
threaded them.

  I have said there was not cover in
the whole place to hide a rat. As the
day advanced it was flooded with soft
fresh light till it had the fragrant sun-
niness of the South African veld. At
other times I should have liked the
place, but now it seemed to suffocate
me. The free moorlands were prison
walls, and the keen hill-air was the
breath of a dungeon.

  I tossed a coin—heads right, tails
left—and it fell heads, so I turned to
the north. In a little I came to the
brow of the ridge which was the con-
taining wall of the pass.

  I saw the highroad for maybe ten
miles, and far down it something that
was moving and which I took to be a
motor-car. Beyond the ridge I looked
ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

on a rolling green moor, which fell
away into wooded glens. Now my
life on the veld has given me the eyes
of a kite, and I can see things for
which most men need a telescope.

  Away down the slope, a couple of
miles away, men were advancing like
a row of beaters at a shoot.

  I dropped out of sight behind the
skyline. That way was shut to me,
and I must try the bigger hills to the
south beyond the highway. The car
I had noticed was getting nearer, but
it was still a long road off, with some
very steep gradients before it. I ran
bard, crouching low except in the hol-
lows. and as 1 ran I kept scanning the
brow of hill before me.

  Was it imagination, or did I see
figures—one, two, perliaps more—
moving in a glen beyond the stream?

  If you are hemmed in on all sides
in a patch of land—there is only one
chance of escape. You must stay in
the patch, and let your enemies search
it and not find you. That was good
sense, but how on earth was I to escape
notice in that table-cloth of a place?

  I would have buried myself to the
neck in mud and lain below water or
climbed the tallest tree. But there was
not a stick of wood, the bog-holes were
little puddles, the stream was a slender
trickle. There was nothing but short
heather and bare hill bent and the
white highway.

  Then in a tiny bight of road, beside
a heap of stones, I found the Road-
man.

  He had just arrived, and was wear-
ily flinging down his hammer. He
stared at me with fishy eyes, yawning.

  “Confoond the day I ever left the
herdin'! ” he said as if to the world at
large. “ There I was my ain maister.
Now I’m a slave to the government—
tethered to the roadside, wi’ sair een,
and a back like a suckle.”

  He took up the hammer, struck a
stone, dropped the implement with an
oath, and put both hands to his ears.
“ Mercy on me! My heid’s burstin’! ”
he cried.

  He was a wild figure, about my own
size, but much bent, with a week’s
beard on his chin and a pair of big

horn spectacles.

  “ 1 canna dae’t,” he cried again.
“ The surveyor maun just report me.
I’m for my bed.”

  I asked him what was the trouble,
though indeed that was clear enough.

  “ The trouble is that I’m no sober.
Last nicht my dochter, Merran, was
waddit, and they danced till fower in
the byre. Me and some ither chiels
sat dowm to the drinkin’—and here I
am. Peety that I ever lookit on the
wine when it was red! ”

  I agreed with him about bed.

  44 It’s easy speakin’,” he moaned.
“ But I get a post-caird yestereen say-
in‘ that the new road surveyor wrould
be round the day. He’ll come and
he’ll no find me. or else he’ll find me
fou, and either way I’m a done man.
I'll avva back to my bed and say I’m
no weel, but I doot that’ll no help me.
for they ken my kind o’ no-weelness.”
Then I had an inspiration. “ Does
the new surveyor know you? ” I asked.

  “ No him. He’s just been a w^eek
at the job. He rins about in a w-ee
motor-car. and wad speir the inside oot
o’ a whelk.”

  “ Where’s your house?” I asked,
and was directed by a wavering finger
to the cottage by the stream.

  “ Well, back to your bed.” I said,
“ and sleep in peace. I’ll take on your
job for a bit and see the surveyor.”

  He stared at me blankly; then, as
the notion dawned on his fuddled
brain, his face broke into the vacant
drunkard’s smile.

  “ You’re the billy.” he cried. “ It’ll
be easy eneuch managed. I’ve finished
that bing o’ stanes, so you needen chap
ony mair this forenoon. Just take the
barn1 and wheel eneuch metal frae yon
quarry ddon the road to make anither
bing the morn.

  “ My name’s Alexander Trumnile,
and I've been seeveti year at the trade,
and twenty afore that herdin' on
Leithen Water. My freends ca’ me
THE THIRTY-NINE STEPS.

623

Ecky. and whiles Specky, for I wear
glasses, bein' weak i‘ the sicht. Just
you speak the surveyor fair and ca’
him sir—and he’ll be fell pleased. I’ll
be back or midday.”

  I borrowed his spectacles and filthy
old hat; stripped off coat, waistcoat,
and collar and gave him them to carry
home; borrowed, too, the foul stump
of a clay pipe as an extra property.

  He indicated my simple tasks, and
without more ado set off at an amble
bedward. Bed may have been his
chief object, but I think there was also
something left in the foot of a bottle.
I prayed that he might be safe under
cover before my friends arrived on the
scene.

  Then I set to work to dress for the
part.

  I opened the collar of my shirt—it
was a vulgar blue and white check such
as plowmen wear—and revealed a neck
as brown as any tinker’s. I rolled up
my sleeves and there was a forearm
which might have been a blacksmith’s
—sunburnt and rough with old scars.
I got my boots and trouser-legs all
white from the dust of the road, and
hitched up my trousers, tying them
with string below the knee.

  Then I set to work on my face.
With a handful of dust I made a
water-mark round my neck—the place
where Mr. Trummle’s Sunday ablu-
tions might be expected to stop. I
rubbed a good deal of dirt also into
the sunburn of my cheeks. A road-
man's eyes would, no doubt, be a little
inflamed, so I contrived to get some
dust in both of mine, and by dint of
vigorous rubbing produced a bleary
effect.

  The sandwiches Sir Harry had
given me had gone off with my coat;
but the roadman’s lunch, tied up in a
red handkerchief, was at my disposal.

  I ate with great relish several of the
thick slabs of scone and cheese and
drank a little of th^ cold tea. In the
handkerchief was a local paper tied
with string and addressed to Mr.

Turnbull—obviously meant to solace

his midday leisure. I did up the bun-
dle again, and put the paper conspic-
uously beside it.

  My boots did not satisfy me, but by
dint of kicking among the stone I re-
duced them to the granitelike surface
which characterizes a roadman’s foot-
gear. Then I bit and scraped my
finger-nails till the edges were all
cracked and uneven. The men I was
matched against would miss no detail.

  I broke one of the bootlaces and re-
tied it in a clumsy knot and loosed the
other so that my thick gray socks
bulged over the uppers. Still no sign
of anything on the road. The motor
I had observed half an hour ago must
have gone home.

  My toilet complete, I took up the
barrow and began my journeys to and
from the quarry a hundred yards off.
I remember an old scout in Rhodesia
who had done many queer things in
his day—once telling me that the
secret of playing a part was to think
yourself into it. You could never keep
it up. he said, unless you could man-
age to convince yourself that you
were it.

  So I shut off all other thoughts and
switched them on the road-mending.

   I thought of the little white cottage
as my home, I recalled the years I had
spent herding on Leithen Water. I
made my mind dwell lovingly on sleep
in a box-bed and a bottle of cheap
whisky. Still nothing appeared on that
long white road.

  Now and then a sheep wandered off
the heather to stare at me. A heron
flopped down to a pool in the stream
and started to fish, taking no more no-
tice of me than if I had been a mile-
stone. On I went trundling my loads
of stone, with the heavy step of the
professional.

  Soon I grew warm and the dust on
my face changed into solid and abiding
grit. I was already counting the hours
till evening should put a limit to Mr.
Turnbull’s monotonous toil.

  Suddenly a crisp voice spoke from
the road, and. looking up. I saw a little
€24

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

Ford two-seater and a round-faced
young man in a bowler hat.

  “ Are you Alexander Turnbull? ” he
asked. “ I am the new county road
surveyor. You live at Blackhopefoot,
and have charge of the section from
La id la why res to the Riggs? Good! A
fair bit of road. Turnbull, and not bad-
ly engineered. A little soft about a
mile off. and the edges want cleaning.
See you look after that. Good morn-
ing. You’ll know me the next time
you see me.”

  Clearly my get-up was good enough
tor the dreaded surveyor.

  I went on with my work, and as the
morning grew toward noon T was
cheered by a little traffic. A baker’s
van breasted the hill and sold me a bag
of ginger biscuits, which I stowed in
my trouser - pockets against emer-
gencies. Then a herd passed with
sheep, and disturbed me somewhat by
asking loudly, “ What had become o’
Specky? ”

  ‘‘ In bed wi’ the colic,” I replied,
and the herd passed on.

  Just about midday a big car stole
down the hill, glided past and drew up
a hundred yards beyond. Its three oc-
cupants descended, as if to stretch their
legs, and sauntered toward me.

  Two of the men I had seen before
from the window of the Galloway Inn
—one lean, sharp and dark; the other
comfortable and smiling. The third
had the look of a countryman—a vet,
perhaps, or a small farmer. He was
dressed in ill-cut knickerbockers, and
the eye in his head was as bright and
wary as a hen’s.

  “ ’Morning,” said the last. “ That’s
a fine, easy job o’ yours.”

  I had not looked up on their ap-
proach, and now, when accosted, I
slowly ard painfully straightened my
back, after the manner of roadmen;
spat vigorously, after the manner of
the low Scot. and regarded them stead-
ily before replying. I con fronted three
pairs of eyes that missed nothing.

  “ There's waur jobs and there’s bet-
ter,” I said sententiously. “ 1 wad

rather hae yours, siltin’ a‘ day on your
hinderlands on thae cushions. It’s you
and your muckle cawrs that wreck my
roads! If we a’ had oor richts, you
slid be made to mend what ye break! ”
The bright-eyed man was looking at
the newspaper lying beside Turnbull’s
bundle.

  “ I see you get your papers in good
time,” he said.

  1 glanced at it casually. 44 Aye, in
good time. Seein’ that that paper cam
out last Setterday, I’m just fower days
late."

  He picked it up, glanced at the su-
perscription. and laid it down again.
One of the others had been looking at
my boots, and a word in German called
the speaker’s attention to them.

  “ You’ve a fine taste in boots," he
said. “ Those were never made by a
country shoemaker.”

  “ They were not,” I said readily.
“ They were made in London. I got
them frae the gentleman that was here
last year for the shootin’. What was
his name now?” And I scratched a
forgetful head.

  Again the sleek one spoke in Ger-
man. “ Let us get on," he said. “ This
fellow is all right.”

  They asked one last question:

  “ Did you see any one pass early
this morning? He might be on a
bicycle or he might be on foot.”

  I very nearly fell into the trap, and
told a storv of a bicyclist hurrying past
in the gray dawn. But I had the sense
to see my danger. I pretended to con-
sider very deeply.

  ” I wasna up very early,” I said.
“ Ye see my dochter was merrit last
nicht, and we keepit it up late. I
opened the house-door about seeven—
and there was naebody on the road
then. Since I cam up here there has
been just the baker and the Rtichill
herd, besides you gentlemen.”

One of them gave me a cigar, which
T smelled gingerly.and stuck in Turn-
bull's bundle. They got into their car
and were out of sight in three minutes.
My heart leaped with an enormous
THE THIRTY-NINE STEPS.

625

relief, but I went on wheeling my
stones. It was as well, for ten minutes
later the car returned—one of the oc-
cupants waving a hand to me. These
gentry left nothing to chance.

  I finished Turnbull's bread and
cheese, and pretty soon I had finished
the stones. The next step was what
puzzled me.

  I could not keep up this road-ma-
king business for long. A merciful
Providence had kept Mr. Turnbull in-
doors, but if he appeared on the scene
there would be trouble. I had a notion
that the cordon was still tight round
the glen, and that if I w-alked in any
direction I should meet with ques-
tioners.

  But get out I must. No man’s nerve
could stand more than a day of being
spied on.

  I stayed at my post till about five
o’clock. By that time I had resolved
to go dowm to TurnbuH’s cottage at
nightfall and take my chance of get-
ting over the hills in the darkness. But
suddenly a new car came up the road
and slowed down to stop a short dis-
tance from me. A fresh wind had
risen—and the occupant wanted to
light a cigarette.

  It was a touring-car, with the ton-
neau full of an assortment of bag-
gage. One man sat in it, and by an
amazing chance I knew him. His name
was Launcelot Brown, and he was an
offense to creation. He was a sort of
blood stockbroker who did his business
by toadying to eldest sons and rich
young peers and foolish old ladies.

  “ Lancie ” was a familiar figure, I
understood, at balls and polo-weeks
and country houses. He w'as an adroit
scandalmonger, and would crawl a
mile on his belly to anything that had
a title or a million. I had a business
introduction to his firm when I came
to London, and he was good enough to
ask me to dinner at his club.

  There he showed off at a great rate,
and pattered about his duchesses till
the snobbery of the creature turned me
sick. I asked a man afterward why

    4	A-s

nobody kicked him, and w7as told that
Englishmen reverenced the weaker sex.

  Anyhow, there he was now, nattily
dressed, in a fine newr car, obviously
on his w-ay to visit some of his fine
friends. A sudden daftness took me,
and in a second I had jumped into the
tonneau and had him by the shoulder.

  “Hello, Brown!” I sang out.
“ Well met, my lad! ”

  He got a horrid fright. His chin
dropped as he stared at me. “ Who
the devil are you?” he gasped.

  “ My name’s Hannay,” I said,
<c from Rhodesia, you remember? *’

  “ Good God—the murderer! ” he
choked.

  “ Just so. And there’ll be a second
murder, my dear, if you don’t do as I
bid you. Give me that coat of yours.
That cap. too.”

  He did as he wras bid, for he was
blind with terror. Over my dirty
trousers and vulgar shirt I put on his
smart driving-coat. which buttoned
high at the top, and thereby hid the
deficiencies of my collar.

  I stuck the cap on my head, and
added his gloves to my get-up. The
dusty roadman in a minute was trans-
formed into one of the neatest motor-
ists in Scotland. On Mr. Launcelot
Brown’s head I clapped Turnbull’s un-
speakable hat, and told him to keep it
there.

  Then with some difficulty I turned
the car. My plan was to go back the
road he had come, for the watchers,
having seen it before, would let it pass
unremarked.

  “ Now, my child.” I said, “ sit quite
still and be a good boy. I mean you
no harm. I'm only borrowing your
car for an hour or two. But if you
play me any tricks—and, above all, if
you open your mouth—as sure as
there's a God above me. I’ll wring
your neck! Saves? ”

  I enjoyed that evening’s ride. We
ran eight miles down the valley,
through a village or two, and I could
not help noticing several strange-look-
ing folk lounging by the roadside.
626

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  These were the watchers who would
have had much to say to me it I had
come in other garb or company. As
it was, they looked incuriously on.
One touched his cap in salute, and I
responded graciously.

  As the dark fell I turned up a side
glen which, as I remembered from the
map, led into an unfrequented corner
of the hills. Soon the villages were
left behind, then the farms, and then
even the wayside cottages. Presently
we came to a lonely moor where the
night was blackening the sunset gleam
in the bog - pools. Here we stopped,
and I obligingly reversed the car and
restored to Mr. Launcelot Brown his
belongings.

  “ A thousand thanks,” I said.
“ There’s more use in you than I
thought. Now be off and find the
police.’*

  As I sat on the hillside watching the
tail-light dwindle, I reflected on the
various kinds of crime I had now
sampled. Contrary to general belief.
I was not a murderer, but I had be-
come an unholy liar, a shameless im-
postor. and a highwayman with a
marked taste for expensive motor-cars.

CHAPTER VI.

The Bald Archeologist’s Adventure.

1 SPENT the night on a shelf of the
hillside, in the lee of a boulder
where the heather grew long and
soft. It was a cold business, for I had
neither coat nor waistcoat. Those were
in Mr. Turnbull's. keeping, as was
Scudder’s little book, my watch, and—
worst of all — mv pipe and tobacco-
pouch. Only my money accompanied
me in my belt, and about half a pound
of ginger biscuits in my trouser-pocket.

  I supped oft half those biscuits, and
by worming myself deep into the
heather get some kind of warmth.

  My spirits had risen, and I was be-
ginning to enjoy this crazy game of
hide and seek. So far. f had been
miraculously lucky. The milkman, the

literary innkeeper. Sir Harry, the
roadman, and the idiotic Lancie, were
all pieces of undeserved good fortune.

  Somehow the first success gave me
a feeling that I was going to pull the
thing through.

  My chief trouble was that I was des-
perately hungry. I lay and tortured
myself—for the ginger biscuits merely
emphasized the aching void—with the
memory of all the good food I had
thought so little of in London. There
were Paddock’s crisp sausages and
fragrant shavings of bacon, and shape-
ly poached eggs—how often I had
turned up my nose at them!

  There were the cutlets they did at
the club, and a particular ham that
stood on the cold table, for which my
soul lusted. My thoughts hovered over
all varieties of mortal edibles, and
finally settled on a porter-house steak
and a quart of bitter with a Welsh rab-
bit to follow. In longing hopelessly
lor these dainties I fell asleep.

  I woke very cold and stiff about an
hour after dawn.

  It took me a little while to remember
where I was, for I had been very
weary and had slept heavily. I saw
first the pale blue sky through a net of
heather, then a big shoulder of hill,
and then my own boots placed neatly
in a blackberry-bush.

  I raised myself on my arms and
looked down into the valley, and that
one look set me lacing up my boots in
mad haste. For there were men below,
not more than a quarter of a mile off.
spaced out on the hillside like a fan.
and beating the heather. Lancie had
not been slow in looking for his re-
venge.

  I crawled out of my shelf into the
cover of a boulder, and from it gained
a shallow trench which slanted up the
mountain face. This led me presently
into the narrow gully of a burn, by
way of which I scrambled to the top
of the ridge. From there I looked
back and saw that I was still undiscov-
ered. My pursuers were patiently quar-
tering the hillside and moving upward.
THE THIRTYrNJNE STEPS.

627

  Keeping behind the skyline, I ran
for maybe half a mile till I judged I
was above the uppermost end of the
glen. Then I showed myself, and was
instantly noted by one of the flankers
who passed the word to the others.

  I heard cries coming up from be-
low, and saw that the line of search
had changed its direction.

  I pretended to retreat over the sky-
line, but instead went back the way I
had come, and in twenty minutes was
behind the ridge overlooking my sleep-
ing place. From that view-point I had
the satisfaction of seeing the pursuit
streaming up the hill at the top of the
glen on a hopelessly false scent.

  I had before me a choice of routes,
and I chose a ridge which made an
angle with the one I was on, and so
would soon put a deep glen between
me and my enemies. The exercise had
warmed my blood, and I was begin-
ning to enjoy myself amazingly. As
I went I breakfasted on the dusty
remnants of the ginger biscuits.

  I knew very little about the country,
and I hadn't a notion what I was going
to do. I trusted to the strength of my
legs, but I knew well enough that those
behind me would be familiar with the
lie of the land, and that my ignorance
would be a heavy handicap.

  I saw in front of me a sea of hills,
rising very high toward the south, but
northward breaking down into broad
ridges which separated wide and shal-
low dales. The ridge I had chosen
seemed to sink after a mile or two to
a moor which lay like a pocket in the
uplands.

  That seemed as good a direction to
take as any other.

  My stratagem had given me a fair
start—call it twenty minutes—and I
had the width of a glen behind me be-
fore I saw the first heads of the pur-
suers. The police had evidently called
in local talent to their aid, and the men
1 could see had the appearance of herds
or gamekeepers.

  They hallooed at the sight of me,
and I waved my hand. Two dived

into the glen and began to climb my
ridge, while the others kept their own
side of the hill. I felt as if I were
taking part in a schoolboy game of
hare and hounds.

  But very soon it began to seem less
of a game. Those fellow’s behind were
hefty men on their native heath. Look-
ing back I saw that only three were
following direct, and I guessed that
the others had fetched a circuit to cut
me off.

  My lack of local knowledge might
very well be my undoing, and I re-
solved to get out of this tangle of glens
to the pocket of moor I had seen from
the tops. I must so increase my dis-
tance as to get clear away from them,
and I believed I could do this if I could
find the right ground for it. If there
had been cover I would have tried a
bit of stalking, but on these bare slopes
you could see a fly a mile off.

  My hope must be in the length of
my legs and the soundness of my wind,
but I needed easier ground for that,
for I was not bred a mountaineer.
How I longed for a good Africander
pony!

  I put on a great spurt and got off
my ridge and down into the moor be-
fore any figures appeared on the sky-
line behind me. I crossed a burn and
came out on a high-road which made
a pass between two glens.

  All in front of me was a big field
of heather sloping up to a crest which
was crowned with an odd feather of
trees.

  In the dike by the roadside was a
gate, from which a grass-grown track
led over the first wave of the moor.
I jumped the dike and followed it. and
after a few hundred yards—as soon as
it was out of sight of the highway—
the grass stopped and it became a very
respectable road which was evidently
kept with some care.

  Clearly it ran to a house, and I be-
gan to think of doing the same. Hither-
to my luck had held, and it might be
that my best chance would be found in
this remote dwelling. Anyhow, there
623

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

were trees there — and that meant

cover.

  1 did not follow the road, but the
burnside which Hanked it 011 the right,
where the bracken grew deep and the
high banks made a tolerable screen. It
was well 1 did so, for no sooner had I
gained the hollow than, looking back.
I saw the pursuit topping the ridge
from which I had descended.

  After that 1 did not look back—I
had no time. I ran up the burnside,
crawling over the open places, and for
a large part wading in the shallow
stream. I found a deserted cottage
with a row of fan tom peat stacks and
an overgrown garden.

  Then I was among young hay, and
very soon had come to the edge of a
plantation of windblown firs. From
there I saw the chimneys of the house
smoke a few hundred yards to my left.

  I forsook the burnside, crossed an-
other dike, and almost before I knew
was on a rough lawn. A glance back
told me that I was well out of sight of
the pursuit, which had not yet passed
the first lift of the moor.

  The lawn was a very rough place,
cut with a scythe instead of a mower,
and planted with beds of scrubby rho-
dodendrons. A brace of black game,
which are not usually garden birds,
rose at my approach. The house be-
fore me was the ordinary moorland
farm, with a more pretentious white-
washed wing added. Attached to this
wing was a glass veranda, and through
the glass I saw the face of an elderly
gentleman meekly watching me.

  I stalked over the border of coarse
hill gravel and entered the open ve-
randa door.

  Within was a pleasant room, glass
on one side, and on the other a mass
of hooks. More books showed in an
inner room. On the floor, instead of
tables, stood cases such as you see in
a museum, tilled with coins and queer
stone implements. There was a knee-
hole desk in the middle, and seated at
it, with some papers and open volumes
before him. was the benevolent old

gentleman. His face was round and
shiny, like Mr. Pickwick's, big glasses
stuck on the end of his nose, and the
top of his head was as bright and bare

as a glass bottle.

  He never moved when I entered, but
raised his placid eyebrows and waited
on me to speak.

  It was not an easy job, with about
five minutes to spare, to tell a stranger
who I was and what I wanted, and to
win his aid. I did not attempt it.
There was something about the eye of
the man before me—something so
keen and knowledgeable, that I could
not find a word. I simply stared at
him and stuttered.

  “ You seem in a hurry, my friend,"
he said slowly.

  I nodded toward the glass. It gave
a prospect across the moor through a
gap in the plantation, and revealed cer-
tain figures half a mile off straggling
through the heather.

  “ Ah. I see." he said, and took up a
pair of field-glasses, through which he
patiently scrutinized the figures.

  “ A fugitive from justice, eh? Well,
we'll go into the matter at our leisure.
Meantime, I object to my privacy
being broken in upon by the clumsy
rural policemen. Go into my study
and you will see two doors facing
you. Take the one on the left and
close it behind you. You will be per-
fectly safe/'

  And this extraordinary man took up
his pen again.

  I did as I was bid. and found my-
self in a little dark chamber which
smelled of chemicals and was lit only
by a tiny window high up in the wall.
The door had swung behind me with
a click like the door of a safe. Once
again I had found an unexpected
sanctuary.

  All the same I was not comfortable.
There was something about the old
gentleman which puzzled and rather
terrified me. He had been too easy
and ready, almost as if he had ex-
pected me. And his eyes had been
horribly intelligent.
THE THIRTY-NINE STEPS.

629

  No sound came to me in that dark
place.

  For all I knew the police might be
searching the house, and if they did,
they would want to know what was
behind this door. I tried to possess my
soul in patience and to forget how
hungry I was. Then I took a more
cheerful view.

  The old gentleman could scarcely re-
fuse me a meal,.and I fell to recon-
structing my breakfast. Bacon and
eggs would content me, but I wanted
the better part of a flitch of bacon and
half a hundred eggs. And then, while
my mouth was watering in anticipa-
tion, there was a click and the door
stood open.

  I emerged into the sunlight to find
the master of the house sitting in a
deep armchair in the room he called his
study, and regarding me with curious
eyes.

  “ Have they gone? ” I asked.

  “ They have gone. I convinced
them that you had crossed the hill. I
do not choose that the police should
come between me and one whom I am
delighted to honor. This is a lucky
morning for you. Richard Hannay.”

  As he spoke his eyelids seemed to
tremble and to fall a little over his
keen gray eyes. In a flash the phrase
of Scudder's came back to me when
he had described the man he most
dreaded in the world. He had said
that he “ could hood his eyes like a
hawk.”

  Then I saw that I had walked
straight into the enemy’s headquarters.
My first impulse was to throttle the old
ruffian and make for the rvpen air. He
seemed to anticipate my intention, for
he smiled gently and nodded to the
door behind me. I turned and saw two
men servants who had me covered with
pistols.

  He knew my name, but he had never
seen me before. And as the reflection
darted across my mind, I saw a slender
chance.

1 don't know what you mean,” I
said roughly. “ And who are you call-

ing Richard Hannay? My name’s
Ainslie.”

  “ So? ” he said, still smiling. “ But,
of course, you have others. We won't
quarrel about a name.”

  I was pulling myself together now,
and I reflected that my garb, lacking
coat and waistcoat and collar, would,
at any rate, not betray me. I put on
my surliest face and shrugged my
shoulders.

  “ I suppose you're going to give me
up, after all. and I call it a dirty trick.
I wish I had never seen that cursed
motor-car! Here’s the money and be
damned to you! ” And I flung four
sovereigns on the table.

  Pie opened his eyes a little. “ Oh,
no, I shall not give you up. My friends
and I will have a little private settle-
ment with you, that is all. You know
a little too much, Mr. Hannay. You
are a clever actor, but not quite clever
enough.”

  He spoke with assurance, but I could
see the dawning of some doubt in his
mind.

  “For God's sake stop jawing!” I
cried. “ Everything’s against me. I
haven't had a bit of luck since I came
on shore at Leith. What's the harm
in a poor devil with an empty stomach
picking up some money he finds in a
bust-up motor-car? That's all I done,
and for that I’ve been chivvied for
two days by those blasted bobbies over
those blasted hills. I tell you. I'm fair
sick of it. You can do what you like,
old boy! Ned Ainslie’s got no fight
left in him.”

  I could see that the doubt was gain-
ing.

  “ Will you oblige me with the story
of your recent doings?" he asked.

  “ I can't, guv'nor." I said in a real
beggar's whine. “ I've not had a bite
to eat for two days. Give me a mouth-
ful of food, and then you’ll hear God’s
truth! ”

  I must have showed my hunger in
my face, for he signaled to one of the
men in the doorway. A bit of cold pie
was brought and a glass of beer, and
630

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

I wolfed them down like a pig — or
rather like Ned Ainslie. for I was
keeping up my character.

  In the middle of my meal he spoke
suddenly to me in German, but I
turned on him a face as blank as a
stone wall.

  Then 1 told him my story—how 1
had come off an Archangel ship at
Leitli a week ago, and was making my
way overland to my brother at Wigton.
I had run short of cash—I hinted
vaguely at a spree—and I was pretty
well on my uppers when I had come
on a hole, in a hedge, and. looking
through, had seen a big motor-car
lying in the burn.

  I had poked about to see what had
happened, and had found three sov-
ereigns lying on the seat and one on the
floor. There was nobody there, or any
sign of an owner, so I had pocketed
the cash. But somehow the law had
got after me. When I had tried to
change a sovereign in a baker’s shop
the woman had cried on the police, and
a little later, when I was washing my
face in a burn. I had been nearly
gripped, and had only got awav by
leaving my coat and waistcoat behind
me.

  “ They can have the money back.’’
I cried. “ for a fat lot of good it’s
done me. Those perishers are all
down on a poor man. Now. if it had
been you. guv’nor. that had found the
quids, nobody would have troubled
you.”

  “ You're a good liar. Hannay,” he
said.

  I flew into a rage. “ Stop fooling.
I tell you my name’s Ainslie. and I
never heard of any one called Hannay
in my born days! I’d sooner have the
police than you with your Hannays
and your monkey-faced pistol tricks!
No. guv’nor, I don’t mean that. I’m
much obliged to you for the grub. I’ll
thank you to let me go now—the
coast’s clear.”	•

  It was evident he was badly puzzled.
lYou see he had never seen me. and my
appearance must have altered consid-

erably from my photographs — if he
had got one of them. 1 was pretty
smart and well dressed in London, and
now I was a regular tramp.

  “ I do not propose to let you go. It
you are what you say you are. you will
soon have a chance of clearing your-
self. If you are what I believe you
are, I do not think you will see the
light much longer/’

  He rang a bell and a third servant
appeared from the veranda.

  ** I want the Lanchester in five min-
utes,” he said. “ There will be three
to luncheon.”

  Then he looked steadily at me. and
that was the hardest ordeal of all.
There was something weird and devil-
ish in those eyes—cold, malignant, un-
earthly. and most hellishly clever.
They fascinated me like the bright eyes
of a snake.

  I had a strong impulse to throw my-
self on his mercy and offer to join his
side, and ii you consider the way I felt
about the whole thing you will see that
that impulse must have been purely
physical—the weakness of a brain mes-
merized and mastered by a stronger
spirit.

  But I managed to stick it out—and
even to grin. “ You’ll know me next
time, guv’nor,” I said.

  “ Karl! ” he said in German to one
of the men in the doorway. “ You
will put this fellow in the store-room
till I return, and you will be answera-
ble to me for his keeping."

  I was marched out of the room with
a pistol at each ear.

  The storeroom was a damp cham-
ber in what had been the old farm-
house. There was no carpet on the
uneven floor and nothing to sit down
on but a school form. It was black as
pitch, for the windows were heavily
shuttered.

  I made out by groping that the walls
were lined with boxes and barrels and
sacks of some heavy stuff. The whole
place smelled of mold and disuse. My
jailers turned the key in the door, and
THE THIRTY-NINE STEPS.

631

I could hear them shifting their feet
as they stood on guard outside.

  I sat down in the chilly darkness in
a very miserable frame of mind. The
old boy had gone off in a motor to
collect the two ruffians who had inter-
viewed me yesterday. Now, they had
seen me as the roadman, and they
would remember me, for I was in the
same rig.

  What was a roadman doing twenty
miles from his beat, pursued by the
police? A question or two would put
them in the track. Probably they had
seen the real Turnbull, probably
Lancie too; most likely they could
link me up with Sir Harry, and then
the whole thing would be crystal
clear.

  What chance had I in this moor-
land house with three desperadoes and
their armed servants? I began to
think wistfully of the police, now
plodding over the hills after my
wraith. They at any rate were fel-
low countrymen and honest men. and
their tender mercies would be kinder
than these ghoulish aliens.

  But they wouldn’t have listened to1
me. That old devil with his eyelids
had not taken long to get rid of them.
I thought he probably had some kind
of graft with the constabulary. Most
likely he had letters from Cabinet
Ministers saying he was to be given
every facility for plotting against
Britain.

  That’s the sort of owlish way we
rim our politics in the old country.

  The three would be back for lunch,
so I hadn’t more than a couple of
hours to wait. It was simply waiting
or destruction, for I could see no way
out of this mess. I wished that I had
Scudder’s courage, for I am free to
confess I didn’t feel great fortitude.

  The only thing that kept me going
was that I was pretty furious. It
made me boil with rage to think of
those three spies getting the pull on
me like this. T hoped that at any rate
T might be able to twist one of their
necks before they downed me.

  The more I thought of it the angrier
I grew, and I had to get up and move
about the room. I tried the shutters
but they were the kind that lock with
a key and I couldn’t move them.

  From the outside came the faint
clucking of hens in the warm sun.
Then I groped among the sacks and
boxes. I couldn’t open the latter, and
the sacks seemed to be full of things
like dog-biscuits that smelled of cinna-
mon. But as I circumnavigated the
room I found a handle in the wall
which seemed worth investigating.

  It was the door of a wall cupboard
—what they call a “ press ” in Scot-
land—and it was locked.

  I shook it and it seemed rather
flimsy. For want of something bet-
ter to do I put out my strength on
that door, getting some purchase on
the handle by looping my braces
round it. Presently the thing gave
with a crash which I thought would
bring in my warders to inquire.

  I waited for a bit and then started
to explore the cupboard shelves.

  There was a multitude of queer
things there. I found an odd vesta
in my trouser pocket and struck a
light. It went out in a second, but
it shoAved me one thing. There was
a little stock of electric torches on
one shelf. I picked up one and found
it was in working order.

  With the torch to help me I inves-
tigated further. There were bottles
and cases of queer smelling stuffs,
chemicals no doubt for experiments,
and there were coils of fine copper
wire and hanks and hanks of a thin
oiled silk.

  Then away at the back of a shelf
I found a stout brown cardboard box,
and inside it a wooden case. I man-
aged to wrench it open, and within
lay half a dozen little gray bricks,
each about a couple of inches square.

  I look up one and found that it
crumbled easily in my hand. Then I
smelled it and put my tongue to it.
After that I sat down to think. I
hadn't been a mining engineer for
632	ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

nothing, and I knew lentonite when

I saw it.	. T 11

  With one of these backs I could

blow the house to smithereens. I had
used the stuff in Rhodesia and knew
its power. But the trouble was that
my knowledge wasn't exact.

  I had forgotten the proper charge
and the right way of firing it or
rather I knew that it needed an elec-
tric spark, but I wasn’t sure about the
timing. I had only a vague notion
to add to its power, for though I had
used it I had not handled it with my
own fingers.

  But it was a chance, the only pos-
sible chance.

  It was a mighty risk, but against
it was an absolute black certainty. If
I used it the odds were, as I reckoned,
about five to one in favor of my blow-
ing myself into the treetops; but if I
didn’t I should very likely be occupy-
ing a six-foot hole in the garden by
the evening.

  That was the way I had to look at
it. The prospect was pretty dark
either way, but anyhow there was a
chance, both for myself and for my
country.

  The remembrance of little Scudder
decided me. It was about the beast-
liest moment of my life, for I’m no
good at these cold-blooded resolu-
tions. Still I managed to rake up the
pluck to set my teeth and choke back

the horrid doubts that Hooded in
on me.

  I simply shut off my mind and pre-
tended I was doing an experiment as
simple as Guy Fawkes’s fireworks.

  I pulled a couple of the electric
torches to pieces, and with their small
batteries and coils of wire constructed
an elementary fuse. Then I took a
quarter of a lentonite brick, and
buried it near the door, below one of
the sacks, in a crack of the floor, link-
ing up my fuse to it. For all I knew
half those boxes might lie dynamite.

  If the cupboard held such deadly
explosives, why not the boxes?

  In that case there would be a glor-
ious skyward journey for me and the
German servant, and about an acre or
two of the surrounding country.
There was also the risk that the de-
tonation might set off the other bricks
in the cupboard, for I had forgotten
most that I knew about lentonite.

  But it didn’t do to begin thinking
about the possibilities. The odds
were horrible, but I had to take them.

  I ensconced myself just below the
sill of the window. Then I waited
for a moment or two. There was
dead silence—only a shuffle of heavy
boots in the passage, and the peaceful
cluck of hens from the warm out-of-
doors.

  I commended my soul to my Maker
and touched off the fuse.

TO BE CONCLUDED NEXT WEEK. Don't forget thia magazine is issued weekly, and that
you vrill get the conclusion of this story without waiting a month.

DUSKY EYES

BY H. S. HASKINS

                 RETOUCHING was an art once used
                 Exclusively on pictures.

But women have preempted it
To touch up facial fixtures.

Until their lashes, ’pon my soul,

                      Look just as if they’d shoveled coal.
Ai\l\e Cameroiv

I HE little man in the checked
cap was poring over the pas-
senger list, commenting half
audibly on each name as he
pointed to it.

  “ Mrs. and Miss James—
no, she’s traveling alone.
Mrs. James Rinehart—I don’t think
she’s married. Miss Edith Payne, no.
that’s a thin woman’s name. Astrid
Klumpft—she’s not a foreigner. Miss
Mayme Cole; that might be her. Mrs.
Ethel Stevens; maybe she is a widow.
Miss Lolita Walsh—that’s her! The
name just suits her, all soft and full
of curves.”

  He gave the purser a really good
cigar. “ Say, do you know the name
of the blond young lady who sits third
from the end on the left at the first
officer’s table? ”

  “The fat girl?”

  “ No. I wouldn’t call her fat. She’s
just a little plump.”

  “ Guess we’re not talking about the
same one. T mean the whale of a
blonde that wore the Roman stripe
dress last night. You couldn't forget
her after you once saw her.”

  The little man drew closer. “ That’s
the one! I’m like you; I just couldn’t
forget her!”

  The purser rubbed his chin. “ She’s
a good looker all right. Wait a
minute till I look 'her up on the list.
Here she is, Walsh. Miss Lolita
Walsh, going to Manila.”

  The little man's thin face broke
into a wrinkling smile. “ That’s just
the name I'd picked out for her from
the whole list! ” he said excitedly.

  The purser’s eyes twinkled a bit.
“ Why?” he asked.

  “ It sounds just the way she looks,
you know. There would have to be
an “ 1 " in her name somewhere. She
might be Lois, or Lulu, or Clara, or
Louise, or Alice, but she could never
be Jane or Frances or Hester or
Edith.” He paused, “ My first wife’s
name was Edith.”

  The purser eyed his retreating back
with knowing amusement.

  “ I've got your number, skinny,” he
thought. “ You’re a six-months’ wid-
ower looking for a change.”

  The little man stalked his quarry
from the saloon to the promenade
deck, from the promenade deck to the
hurricane deck without once seeing
her.

  She could not be ill on that smooth
sea, so by natural inference, he knew
she must be on deck, and he stared
with painstaking care at every oc-
cupied deck chair.

  At length, passing a row of chairs
whose occupants were swathed in
sleep and blankets beyond recognition,
he turned to watch a school of por-
poises. A misstep tangled his feet in
a blanket, and 'he fell prone upon the
sleepers.

  In his wild struggles to right him-

633
634

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

self, he fell between two deck-chairs,
with his small, neat feet waving in
the air where his head should have

been.

“Goodness! What was that?
came shrilly from his jailer on the
left. “ I believe we are on the rocks.”
A throaty contralto chuckled from
his jailer on the right thrilled him.

  No, only a man thtumbled, I gueth.
Here are hith feet. Hith head mutht
be under your chair. Jutht thtand up
a minute, can’t you?”

  “ My word! ” said the sharp-voiced
one, jumping up hastily.

  A soft, plump white hand, clutch-
ing the prisoner, lifted him to his feet.
He stood crimson and speechless be-
fore the object of his search.

  The longer she looked at him the
harder she laughed, mellow, deep-
chested chuckles that shook her fat
ripplingly. He had ample chance to
notice her round, blue eyes, her apple-
blossom complexion, the light aura of
her hair, her chin, or more exactly,
chins, tipped with rose, before she
could control herself.

  “ I’m thorrv I’m tho rude.” she
lisped, “ but I'm not uthed to being
arouthed in jutht that way.”

  He marveled at the music of a lisp
issuing from red, satiny lips. Strange
that he had never noticed before how
it enhanced the simplest phrase—a
lisp so slight that any attempt to set
it down in print must grossly exag-
gerate it.

  “ I'm very sorry,” he stammered.
“ My foot must have caught.”

  “ Are you hurt ? ”

  “ No, thanks, only shaken up a bit.”
'1 he other lady, having received his
apologies in acid silence, retired to her
stateroom; and the little man looked
questioningly at her chair. “ May
I? ” he asked.

  " Oh yeth. do. If you don’t mind
my telling you. your cravat theemth
to be ecthited and trying to run away,
and your hair needth thmoothing'
down.”

  “Is that better, Miss Walsh?” ho

asked boldly, after repairing the rav-
ages of his spill.

 Her round eyes became still
rounder, a thing which he would have
declared impossible. “ How did you
know my name? ” she asked.

  “ A little bird told me,” he said
playfully.

  “ Mutht have been a thea-gull,” she
lisped. “ Gothipping bird! If you
meet him again tell him to come
around and tell me yourth.”

  “ I’ll save him the trouble,” re-
torted the little man, intoxicated by
his own repartee.

  “ My name is Sloan, Alfred Sloan,
of Denver.”

  " I knew thome people from Den-
ver when I was a child. Their name
was Thteele,” she said. “ Did you
know them? There were two daugh-
terth.”

  “ Yes—oh, yes,” answered Mr.
Sloan, reddening unaccountably.

  “ May married a man from Port-
land—a very good match. Edith, the
older one—let me think. It theemth
to me she married thome one that
didn’t amount to much, didn’t she?”
Mr. Sloan’s face looked like a
radish of rosy hue. “ Well—I don’t
know. She married me! ”

  Utter consternation seized Miss
Walsh. “ Oh. oh—” she gasped. ** I
mutht have mixed her up with thome-
body elth.”

  “ No, I guess not.” said Mr. Sloan,
humbly. “ I never did amount to an
awful lot, and Edith had slim pick-
ings until my uncle died and left me
his money a year ago—Edith died last
January.”

   Well, I know you were alwayth
kind and gentle with her, anyway.
Jutht making money ithn’t the only
thing in the world.” she consoled.

  That night, through the good offices
of the purser, who was a kindly
youth, his seat was changed to the
first officer’s table, fourth from the
end, on the left side.

  The fair Lolita’s plump shoulders
towered above him like chalk cliffs.
VENUS BY THE POUND.

635

over which her smiling face beamed
like a benevolent moon. She was en-
grossed in the carte d'jour.

  “ I think I'll have pea puree,
creamed thweetbread, thmothered
chicken, athparaguth. candied thweet-
potatoeth. and thtring beanth,” she
said to the waiter.

  “ I’ll give the retht of the order
later. Oh, I want potatoeth tliouffle,
too. Don’t you love potatoeth thouf-
fle, Mr. Thloan ? ”

  Mr. Sloan, who had contemplated a
lettuce salad and a mutton-chop with
zwieback, as became a man of uncer-
tain digestion, gallantly decided to
duplicate the lady’s order.

  “ I’ll take thome, too," he said, in-
fected with lisping. Then he blushed
furiously. “ I mean I’ll take some
stew,” he corrected. There was an
audible titter. “ No, I mean bring me
the same as the lady ordered.”

  Lolita radiated cheering warmth
like a base-burner stove. Under her
cheering influence Mr. Sloan, who was
a bashful soul, expanded into jest and
even querulous autobiography. At the
end of two days Lolita was familiar
with his frail, bullied boyhood, his
stormy days with the ambitious Edith,
whom his meek futility exasperated
into a virago, and his economic failure
until his uncle's legacy relieved him.
He was on his way around the world,
it seemed.

  Lolita offered 110 confidences in re-
turn; but he noticed that in pensive
moments her broad, white brow drew
into unaccustomed knots, her blue eyes
clouded, and all her chins quivered
pitifully.

  It was more than his sympathetic
soul could bear; he besought her to
confide in him.

  She sighed mightily. “ You would
not underthtand if I did tell you,” she
replied. “ No man would.” But later
in the day she beckoned him myste-
riously into a secluded corner of the
saloon.

  “ Jutht look at thith,” she whispered
dramatically, handing forth a photo-

graph of a very pretty girl. “ Do you
know who it is? ”

  Its haunting familiarity bewildered
him. “ No, I don’t.”

  “ Look at it clothely. Ithn’t it like
thome one you know?”

  “ It does look like some one. but I
can’t think who.” He looked up at
her hazily. “ Sav, it isn’t vour sister,
is it?”

  She dropped limply into a chair.
“Oh, ithn't it dreadful?” she be-
moaned. “ But funny, too. I could
die laughing over it.”

  And the astounding girl giggled
while Mr. Sloan shifted uncomfortably
from one foot to the other.

  “ That picture is me, taken three
yearth ago: and I’ve grown tho fat
that no one knowth it! ”

  Mr. Sloan sprang gallantly into the
breach. “ Why, of course it is you.
I should have known in a minute if
I’d had on my other glasses; only it is
thin.”

  She shook her head pensively. “ No,
not thin—I’m fat. When that picture
wath taken I weighed a hundred and
forty. Now ”—she glanced around
warily and lowered her voice—“ now
I weigh two hundred and fifteen.”

  Mr. Sloan swallowed hard. He
weighed one hundred and thirty-seven.
“ Wh-what started you to g-gaining? ”
he hazarded.

  “ I think it wath cod-liver oil. They
made me take it for a bad cold. And
then I like candy and potatoeth and
pathtry and all thweet things. The
wortht part of it is. I’m going out to
Manila to be married, and George
can’t bear fat girlth.”

  Mr. Sloan winced at the news.
“ Doesn’t he know that—you have
gained? ”

  She shook her head. “ No. I kept
thinking that I'd diet or roll or play
golf, but I never got around to it. He
went out lo the islandth four yearth
ago. He callth me ‘ little angel ’ and
‘ little girl.’ ”

  In the midst of her trouble she
giggled.
636

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  *	Well/' said Mr. Sloan stiffly, “if

be prefers scrawny scarecrows, he can
have them. I prefer ’em plump.”

  “ Thcarecrowht ? ”

  “ No. Girls.”

  “ He thent me beautiful embroidery
from the Phiiippineth — heapth of
them, all meant for a thirty-six model.
Why, the waitht I have on is made
from two waitht-patternth. Each one
made a thleeve—luckily they were
alike—and I tilled out the retht with
plain linen."

  “ Don’t you care." said the gallant
Sloan. “ Don’t you care. The sweet-
est things grow large, like sugar-cane
and watermelons, and lots of things.”

  By the time the Manchuria reached
Honolulu Mr. Sloan was the fervent
and avowed suitor of Lolita, with the
approval of every one from the captain
to the deck-stewards.

  “ Say,” he said to the orchestra
leader confidentially. “ can't you play
‘Oh. You Beautiful Doll!’ some-
times? I think that’s a mighty pretty
song."

  “ Sure.” agreed the musician.
“ And wouldn’t you like ‘ You're My
Great Big Blue-Eyed Baby’? It’s
somewhat the same.”

  They spent a happy day sightseeing
at Honolulu. Late in the afternoon
Lolita dismissed her escort with the
excuse of shopping, returning just at
sailing-time, puffing and flushed.

  " My word.” she panted as she came
tip the gangplank. “ I nearly mithed
the boat. It took me an age to find
any thcaleth without a crowd hanging
around. I’ve gained two poundth on
the trip.” she said pensively. “ Are
you quick at arithmetic? * If a fat lady
gainth two poundth in a week on a
thea-voyage, how much will she gain
in three weekth ? * No. don’t work it
out* it will make me grouchy.”

  “ I wouldn’t have you any different
than you are.” said Mr. Sloan; and he
meant it.

  She came as near to a sardonic grin
as her cupid’s-bow mouth would per-
mit. “You!'' she said. “I’m not

worrying about you—but George! He
hateth a fat girl! ”

  “ Let him go, then. I love a fat
girl”

  “ Let him go—how can I ? He and
Aunt Mabel will meet me at the dock.
We are going to be married at her
home. They will catch me coming
down the gangplank. I can’t get away
without jumping overboard.”

  Then did little Sloan prove himself
of heroic stuff. “ Well, if you won’t
have me, you might as well reduce to
suit George.”

  She rewarded him with a brilliant
smile—she had an adorable smile.
“ How shall I begin?”

  He produced a pencil and note-book,
and in the lee of the cabin they formu-
lated an anti fat code.

  Diet: Breakfast and dinner only;
rations to consist of dry toast, weak
tea, untrimmed; green vegetables, one
small piece of meat each day, and no
sweets. Sleep: Six hours a night:
no naps. Exercise: Three-mile sprints
around the ship.

  “Now. if I could only roll!” ex-
claimed Lolita.

  “ The cabin ? ” he suggested.

  “ Umph-um. Thomebody forever
thnooping around.”

  “ The hurricane-deck. after every
one has gone to bed? ” with a sly sense
of strategy in securing several hours
more of her society each evening.

 “Great!” she agreed. “Mr.
Thloan, you are the betht friend I ever
had.”

  And so the epic struggle against fat
began. Lolita stoically stuck to her
uninteresting diet with the flesh-pots
of Egypt about her.

  The curtailed sleep followed as a
corollary of the nightly rollings, which
were harder to accomplish than to
plan. Mr. Sloan and Lolita were
astounded at the number of moon-
struck strolling couples who sprang up
like mushrooms in the night.

  Had they been at all inclined to gos-
sip. they might have spread many an
ear-whetting item. It was most dis-
VENUS BY THE POUND.

637

concerting, when he had reported the
deck as deserted, and she, clad in her
oldest clothes, was just preparing to
roll, to hear, “You silly boy, I'll bet
you say that to every girl you meet,"
and amorous murmurings from shad-
owy corners.

  When at length the last belated
insomniacs had departed, Mr. Sloan
essayed the faithful scout while Lolita
rolled back and forth on the deck.

  “ One—help me get thtarted; two—
I hope they keep the deck clean; three
—Lordy, I’m fagged now, and I have
tc do it fifty timeth; four—darn that
potht; five — I’ve no — breath—left;
thix — thith ought to—take—it—off;
theven — ouch ! I'm lame—all—over;
eight —I — know —I’m black—and—
blue."

  But by that time she had no breath
except for an occasional smothered
giggle. Mr. Sloan stood by unsmiling
and solicitous till the allotted rollings
were over.

  The next morning she showed him
multicolored bruises on her white
arms. “ I’ve got more than I can
count, all over me. And lame! It hurt
me to turn over in bed.”

  Mr. Sloan fumed. “ Oh, Lolita,
why do you go through all this tor-
ture? If you would only marry me,
I wouldn't care how fat you were. I
adore every single ounce of you."

  Lolita sighed. “ Yeth, I know; but
George—do you think I’ve lotht any? ”

  “ I don't know. I'm losing every
day, just from the way you're treat-
ing me."

  For almost three weeks they pa-
tiently followed the same program
without visibly decreasing Lolita’s
girth.

  When at length she was able to pinch
up a few scanty wrinkles of loose cloth
in her gown and move the hooks on
her skirt, he rejoiced with her until he
reflected that he was helping his rival’s
cause.

  After a particularly strenuous eve-
ning’s rolling, when sudden lurches of
the ship had sent her careening into*

-every post on the deck, she sat down
and cried softly. Mr. Sloan sought to
comfort her after the world-old man-
ner without resistance.

   “ Lolita, are you hurt? ”

  No answer.

  “Poor little girl! Tell old Alfie
what’s the matter.”

For reply she nestled closer, sob-
bing more deeply. “ Are you crying
for fear George won’t—want you?”
She nodded negation. “ Umph-um—
for fear he will want me,” she sobbed.

  It took him a full minute to get
that. “ Don’t—don’t you care for
him any more? ”

  “ No, no! ” she wept. “ I like you
a million timeth more.”

  For a brief period both of them
were too engrossed for conversation.
At last he said : “ Then you’ll marry
me in Manila, instead of George?”
“Oh, mercy, no!" gasped Lolita.
“ George would kill you—dead. You
have no idea how jcalouth he is, or
what a horrible temper—”

  Mr. Sloan straightened up man-
fully. “ I shall tell him as soon a> we
land that your feelings have changed,
and he can’t play leading man at your
wedding.”

  “ Alfie, he would throw you off the
dock," she whispered, shivering.

  “ Let him try—just let him."

  “ Oh, Alfie, you are tho fool-
hardy!” (Strange, sweet tribute to
Mr. Alfred Sloan!) “ He is thix feet
tall, and an amateur heavyweight. He
would jutht naturally kill 3-011 in five
minuteth.”

  Alfie shook his head in dogged be-
wilderment. “ It's too much for me.
First you were afraid he wouldn’t
want you, and now you’re afraid he
will.”

  On the morning they were to land
Lolita disappeared immediately after
breakfast. “ Wait for me on the for-
ward deck.” she commanded. “ Thtay
there till I come, no matter how late
I am.”

  He waited with impatience that
gave way to anxiety when, in Manila
638

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

Bay, she was not visible among the
land-eager passengers. He took his
unobtrusive farewells of his ship ac-
quaintances, with one eye alert for
her.

  The ship docked, the crowd jostled
down the gangplank, and still she had
not appeared. He moodily scanned
the throng on the dock in an effort to
single out George and Aunt Mabel.
That must be they on the left—the
huge, glum man and the middle-aged,
florid woman at his elbow.

  She was rather younger and more
coquettish than he had pictured her.
In bold fancy he walked up to them,
saying: “Excuse me, Mr. —Mr.”—
what the deuce was George’s last
name ?—“ but I merely wanted to tell
you that Miss Walsh and I are going
to be married. She—”

  His imaginary bravado suddenly
vapored off when George abruptly
turned his way with an aggressive
squaring of those terrific shoulders.
He started at a touch on his elbow.
A very large lady swathed in heavy
weeds stood beside him, and Lolita’s
voice issued from behind the crape:
“ Alfie, gueth who? ”

  “ My goodness, Lolita, what in the
world are you up to? Where did you
get that rig? ”

  “ From the thtewardeth. Would
you know me? "

  “ I should say not! ”

  ” Then I gueth George won’t either.
It was the only way to get by him
without a row. Careful, now! Look
back as we go by and tell me what
they are doing.”

  She indicated the couple, now among
the last on the dock, whom Alfie had
selected for George and Aunt Mabel.
Just as they brushed by George boomed
out in a great bass: “ She must be
there somewhere! There’s nothing
for it but to ask the captain.”

Lolita clutched Alfie's arm. “ Quick
run, ’ she panted, “ before any one
can tell him! Call a carriage, and we
<;»n think what to do while we arc
et heaping.”

  “ There’s only one thing to do,**
said Alfie. in the protection of an an-
cient victoria. " We must get mar-
ried first and tell him afterward. He
can’t do anything then.” Since seeing
George, the idea of announcing their
engagement to him failed to attract
him.

  “ Can’t do anything? ” said Lolita
in italics. “ I gueth he could make me
a widow in about five minuteth. Well,
I’d be Mitheth Thloan, anyway,” she

beamed.

  Two hours later, gazing too deeply
into the eyes of her^brand-new hus-
band to mind her steps, Lolita crashed
into a large man as she turned a
corner.

  The usual recoil and apologies fol-
lowed ; then she gave a hysterical
giggle, while the man’s face turned a
sickly green.

  “ Lolita, how you're changed! And
where in the world have you been?”
he exclaimed.

  “How d'ye do, George?” she said
tranquilly. “ Why didn’t you meet
me?”

  He stammered unintelligibly, and it
flashed over Mr. Sloan that he seemed
scarcely less prepared than Lolita for
the meeting.

  “The fact is, Lolita — I might as
well get it over—I’m a cad and all
that, but my feelings have changed in
the last year. Since I’ve been going
so often to your aunt’s I've—that
is, we—well, we've come to care for
each other.”

  Lolita stared, and stared, and
stared, her eyes rounder every minute.

“ Aunt Mabel.” she murmured.

  George blundered on, drops of per-
spiration oozing from him in his dis-
tress.

  “ She is a remarkable woman, and
only six years older than I. Besides,
she is—that is, she has great business
ability, and—please don’t look at me
like that, Lolita. I’m sorry if you’re
disappointed; but Mabel said we’d bet-
ter let you come on and have a nice
visit, and stay for the wedding if you
VENUS BY THE POUND.

639

want to. I think we can show you a
good time.”

  He looked at her anxiously. “ Please
don't faint, or anything like that, Lo-
lita,” he implored. “ I'll get you a
drink of water.”

  She laid her hand on his arm to de-
tain him. “ George,” she said calmly,
“ let me prethent my huthband, Mr.

Thloan. I haven’t had him very long,
and I’m qtiite proud of him.”

  In a daze the two men shook hands,
while she beamed largely before them.

  “ Phone to Aunt Mabel, George,
and we'll all dine together. I’m going
to have chicken and potatoeth thouffle.
Can you get potatoeth thouffle in the
Philippineth? ” she asked anxiously.

XJ

 rr

 XJ

WHICH?

BY “TENDERFOOT”

 IN the smoke of its hundred foundries,

 In the dust of the fetid street,

 In the glare of its man-built canons,

 Is it wiser, O Lord, and meet,

 That I should stay on by this city.

 Where my fathers built with pride,
 When the Voice of the North is calling—
 Calling me back to her side?

    Back to her wind-blown ridges,
    Where the moose stalk, bold and free;
    Back to the lonely packer’s trail—
    Which is the better for me?

 In the fight of the mad day's progress,

 In the swirl of the money-gods,

 In a mart sans honor and mercy,

 Must I stay, not counting the odds—
 Living each da_v like the other.

 Following the sign-posts of men,

 When the Voice of the North is calling—
 Ever calling me back again?

    Back to the wild brook’s singing.

     And pools where the red trout lie;

    Back to the red fires gleaming—
    Which is it, to live or to die?

 In the race for show with your betters,

 In an age when faith is unknown.

 In the warp of the tangled threads of life,
 Must I reap where others have sown,

 And play when the dice roll heavy.

 Well knowing a crooked game.

 When the Voice of the North is calling—
 Calling me, ever the same?

 Back to the still lake’s edges,

    Where the deer come out to play;

 Back to the loon’s lone crying—

 Which is it. to go or stay?
c/ James B. Mendnpi

Author of “ Tk* Law of Ik* WmJ*." " Mwguud, U>* Silent," etc.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS

BILL CARMODY, big, powerful, red-blooded, inheriting through his mother the
reckless strain of the fighting McKims, has been going the pace on Broadway.
As the result of a particularly wild escapade he is disinherited by his father, a cold,
narrow-minded millionaire banker, and dismissed with chilling contempt by his sweet-
heart, Ethel Manton. Bitter and disheartened, but with the avowed intention of mak-
ing good. Bill starts West. On the way the train is wrecked and he saves a wounded
stranger from two crooks who are about to rob and murder him. The stranger proves
to be H. D. Appleton, a prominent lumberman, who offers Bill a job either in the
woods as a lumber-jack, or in the office. Bill chooses the woods, and starts alone for
the camp of which Buck Moncrossen, a fine lumberman, but a bully and general bad
man, is boss. Being a greener (tenderfoot), Bill starts to walk the eighty miles of
rough forest trail between the end of the railroad and the camp, without proper food
or boots, and with no snow-shoes or firearms. Thanks to his great strength and
endurance, however, he wins almost through, but at nightfall of the third day a pack
of wolves—led by an enormous, gaunt, battle and trap scarred female—that have been
trailing him for hours, begin to close in threateningly. Enraged, Bill hurls his ax
among them, killing one, and then armed only with his knife, attacks the huge leader.
Together they go down locked in a death grip.

CHAPTER XV.
The Werwolf.

OW, as all men know, Bill
Carmody had done a most
foolish and insane thing.

  But the very audacity of
his act — and the god of
chance — favored him, for
as the ax whizzed through
the air the keen edge of the whirling
bit caught one of the larger wolves
full on the side of the head.

  There followed the peculiar, dull
scrunching sound that stands alone
among all other sounds, being pro-
duced by no other thing than the sud-
den crush of a living skull.

  The front and side of the skull lift-
ed and turned backward upon its hinge
of raw scalp and the wolf went down,
clawing and biting, and over the snow
flowed thick red blood, and a thicker
mucus of soft, w?et brains.

  At the sight and scent of the warm
blood, the companions of the stricken
brute—the gaunt, tireless leaders, who
had traveled beside him in the van,
and t he rag - tag and bobtail alike —
fell upon him tooth and nail, and the
silence of the forest was shattered by
the blood-cry of the meat-getters.

  Not so the great she-wolf, who de-
spised these others that fought among
themselves, intent only upon the sat-
isfaction of their hunger.

Thi. story began in (he All-Story Weekly for May 29.

640
THE PROMISE.

641

  Her purpose in trailing this man to-
destruction was of deep vengeance;
the assuagement of an abysmal hatred
that smoldered in her heart against
every individual of the terrible man
kind, whose cruel traps of iron, blades
of steel, and leaden bullets had made
her a monstrous, sexless thing, feared
and unsought by mating males, hated
of her own breed.

  And now, at the moment she had
by the cunning of her generalship de-
livered this man an easy prey to her
followers, they deserted her and fell
in swinish greed upon the first meat
at hand.

  So that at the last she faced her
enemy alone, and the smoldering fury
of her heart blazed green from her
wicked eyes. She stood tense as a
pointer, every hair of her long white
coat bristlingly aquiver.

  Suddenly she threw back her head,
pointed her sharp muzzle to the sky,
and gave voice to the long - drawn
ululation which is the battle - cry of
wolves.

  Yet it was not the wolf-cry, for
long ago the malformation of a heal-
ing throat - wound had distorted the
bell-like cry into a hideous scream
like the shriek of a soul foredamned,
which quavered loud and shrill upon
the keen air and ended in a series of
quick jerks, like stabs of horrible
laughter.

  And then, with tight-drawn lips and
jaws agape, she hurled herself straight
at the throat of the stumbling man.

  Darkness was gathering when, a
mile to the northward, Jake LaFranz
and Irish Fallon, who were laboring
with six big horses and a rough log
drag to break out the trail, suddenly
paused to listen.

  Through the thin, cold air rang a
sound the like of which neither had
ever heard. And then, as if in echo,
the long - drawn wail of the great
white wolf.

  'I hey stared at each other white-
lipped; for that last cry was a thing

      5	a-s

men talked about of nights with bated
breath and deep curses. Neither had
heard it before—nor would either hear
it again — but each recognized the
sound instinctively, as he would rec-
ognize the sound of Gabriel’s trump.

  “ It’s her! ” gasped LaFranz. “ God
save us! It’s Diablesse — the loup-
garou! ”

  “ 'Tis none other—that last. But,
man ! Man! The first wan! Was it
a human cry or from the throat of
another of her hell-begotten breed?”

  Without waiting to reply the
Frenchman swung the big six-team in
their tracks and headed them toward
camp. But Irish Fallon reached for
him as he fumbled at the clevis.

  “ Howld on, ye frog-eater! Be a
man! If ’twas human tore loose that
yell he’ll be the bether fer help, not-
withstandin’ there was more av foight
nor fear in th’ sound.”

  “No, no, no! It’s her! It’s Dia-
blesse!” He crossed himself.

  " Sure, an’ ut is; bad cess to her
altogether. But Oi got a hear-rt in
me ribs o’ good rid blood that takes
relish now an’ agin in a bit av a foight.
An’, man or baste, Oi ain’t particular,
so ’tis a good wan.

  “ Oi’ll be goin’ down th’ thrail a
piece an’ see phwat’s to see. Oi ain’t
axin’ ye to go ’long. Ye poor prayer-
dhrivlin’ haythen, wid yer limon av
a hear - rt ye’ve got a yallar shtripe
that raches to th’ length an’ width av
ye. Ye'd be no good nohow.

  “ But ’tis mesilf ain’t fearin’ th’
evil eye av th’ werwolf — an’ she is
called be the name av tlv divil’s own.

  “ But listen ye here, ye pea - soup
Frenchy! Ye’ll not go shnakin’ off
wid thim harses. Ye’ll bide here till
Oi come back.”

  The other made a whimper of pro-
test, but Irish Fallon reached out a
great hairy hand and shook him
roughly.

  " Yez moind now, an’ Oi mane ut!
Here ye shtay. An’ av ye ain’t here,
ye’d bether kape on goin’. F’r th’
nixt toime Oi lay eyes on ye Oi’ll
642

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

br-reak ye in two! An’ don't ye fer-
git ut! "

  The big Irishman turned arid swung
down the tote-road, the webs of his
rackets leaving a broad trail in the
snow. La Franz cowered upon the
snow - plow and sought refuge in
craven prayer and curses the while he
shot frightened glances into the dark-
ening forest.

  He thought of cutting the horses
loose and starting them for camp at a
run. But, much as he feared the wer-
wolf. he feared Irish Fallon more;
for many were the tales of Fallon’s
man-fights when his “ Irish was up. ’

  When the white wolf sprang the
man had nearly reached the snarling
pack. Before him. scarcely six feet
away, lay his ax. the blade smeared
with blood and brains, to which clung
stiff gray hairs.

  Instinctively he ducked, and as the
huge form flashed past his right arm
shot out straight from the shoulder.
The long, clean blade entered just at
the point of the brisket and. ranging
upward, was buried to the haft as the
knife was torn from his grasp.

  One step and the man’s fingers
closed about the helve of his ax. and
he whirled to meet the second on-
slaught.

  But there was small need. The
great brute stood still in her tracks
and, with lowered head, snapped and
wrenched at the thing that bit into her
very lungs.

  The stag - horn plates of the pro-
truding hilt were splintered under the
clamp of the mighty jaws, and the
Jorig. gleaming teeth made deep dents
in the brass beneath. Her lips red-
dened. and before her the snow was
flecked with blood.

  All this the man took in at a glance
without conscious impression. He
gripped his weapon and sprang among
the fighting pack, which ripped and
dragged at the carcass of the dead
wolf.

  Right and left he struck in a reck-

less fume of ferocity, which spoke of
unreasoning fights in worlds of sav-
age firstlings. And under the smash-
ing blows of the ax wolves went down

—	skulls split, spines crushed, ribs
caved in — a side at a stroke, and
shoulders were cloven clean and deep
to pink sponge lungs.

  As if realizing that her hurt was
mortal, the great she-wolf abandoned
her attack on the knife-haft and, sum-
moning her strength for a supreme
effort, sprang straight into the midst
of the red shambles.

  The man, caught unawares, went
down under the impact of her body.
For one fleeting second he stared up-
ward into blazing eyes. From between
wide - sprung rows of flashing fangs
the blood - dripping, tongue seemed to
writhe from the cavernous throat, and
the foul breath blew hot against his
face. Instantly his strong fingers
buried themselves in the shaggy fur
close under the hinge of the jaw,
while his other hand closed about the
dented brass of the protruding knffe-
hilt.

  With the whole strength of his arm
he held the savage jaws from his face
as he wrenched and twisted at the
firmly embedded knife. Finally it
loosened, and as the thick - backed
blade was withdrawn from the wound
it was followed by spurt after
spurt of blood—bright, frothy blood,
straight from the lungs, which gushed
hot and wet over him.

  Blindly he struck; stabbing, thrust-
ing, slashing at the great form which
was pressing him deeper and deeper
into the snow. Again and again the
knife was turned against rib and
shoulder-blade, inflicting only shallow
surface wounds.

  At length a heavy, straight up-
thrust encountered no obstacle of
bone, and the blade bit deep and
deeper into living flesh.

  As with a final effort the knife was
driven home, a convulsive shiver
racked the body of the great white
wolf, and with a low, gurgling moan
THE PROMISE.

643

of agony her jaws set rigid, her mus-
cles stiffened, and she toppled sidewise
into the snow, where she lay twitching
spasmodically with glazing eyes.

  Bill staggered weakly to his feet.
The uninjured wolves had vanished,
leaving their dead upon the snow,
while the wounded left flat, red trails
as they sought to drag their broken
bodies to the cover of the forest.

  Irish Fallon rounded a turn of the
tote-road. He brought up sharply
and stared open-mouthed at the man
who, sheath-knife in hand, stood look-
ing down at an indistinct object which
lay upon the blood-trampled snow.

  Carmody turned and shouted a
greeting, but without a word the Irish-
man advanced to his side until he, too,
stood looking down at the thing in the
snow. Suddenly Bill’s hand was
seized in a mighty grip.

  “Man! ’Tis her, an’ no mistake!
She’s done for at lasht—an’ blade to
fang, in open foight ye’ve knoifed her!
Sure, ’tis a gr-rand toime ye’ve had
altogether,” he said, glancing at the
carcasses, “ wid six dead besides her
an’ three more as good as.”

  Bill laughed: “This wolf—the big
white one—seems to enjoy a reputa-
tion, then?”

  “ R-r-reputation ! R-r-reputation, is
ut? Good Lord, man! Don’t ye know
her? ’Tis th’ werwolf! D’ablish,
th’ loitp-garou, the Frinchies call her;
an’ the white divil, the Injuns — an’
good rayson, f’r to me own knowledge
she’s kilt foive folks, big an’ shmall,
an’ some Injuns besides.

  “ They claim she’s a divil, an’ phwin
she howls ’tis because some sowl has
missed th’ happy huntin’ grounds in
th’ dyin’, an’ she’s laughin’.”

  “ I don’t know that I blame them,”
said Bill. “ She favored me with a
vocal selection. And, believe me, she
was no mocking-bird.”

  “ Well, she looks dead, now,”
grinned Fallon; “ but we’d besht make
sure. Owld man Frontenelle kilt her
wunst. Seven year back, ut was, over
on Monish.

  “ He shot her clean t’rough th’ neck
an’ dhrug her to his cabin be th’ tail.
Pie was for skinnin’ her flat f’r th’
robe she’d make. Pie had her stretched
out phwin wid a flash an’ a growl, she
was at um, an’ wid wan clap av th’
jaws she ripped away face an' half th’
scalp.

  “ They found um wanderin’ blind
on th’ lake ice an’ carried um to Skel-
ly’s phwere he died in tin days’ toime
av hydrophoby, shnarlin’ an’ bitin’ at
folks till they had to chain um in th’
shtoreroom.”

  'As he spoke, Fallon picked up the
ax, and with several well-directed
blows shattered the skull of the wer-
wolf against any possibility of a repe-
tition of the Frontenelle incident.

  “ But come, man. get yer rackets
an’ we’ll be hittin’ the thrail f’r camp.
Sure, Frinchy’ll be scairt shtift av we
lave um longer.”

  “ Rackets? ” asked Bill, with a look
of perplexity.

  “Yer shnow-shoes, av coorse.”

  “ Haven’t got any. And I don’t sup-
pose I could use them if I had.” .The
other stared at him incredulously.

  “Not got any! Thin how’d ye git
here? ”

  “ Walked — or rather, stumbled
along.”

  “Phwere from?”

  “It started to snow as I left the old
shack—the last one this way, I don’t
know how far back. It was there I
traded my boots to an Indian for
these.” He extended a moccasined
foot.

  “ ’Tis a good job ye traded. But
even at that — thirty-foive moile
t’rough th’ snow widout webs! ” The
Irishman looked at him in open admi-
ration. “ An’ on top av that, killin’
th’ werwolf wid a knoife, an’ chop-
pin’ her pack loike so much kindlin’s!

  “ Green, ye may be—an’ ignorant.
But, frind, ye’ve done a man’s job this
day, an’ Oi’m pr-roud to know yez.”
Again he extended his hand and Bill
seized it in a strong grip. Somehow,
he did not resent being called green,
644

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

and ignorant—he was learning the

north.

  “ Fallon’s me name,” the other con-
tinued. “ an’ be an accident av birth,
Oi'm called Oirisb. f’r short.”

  “ Mine is Bill, which is shorter,” re-
plied Carmody, smiling.

  For just a second Irish hesitated as
if expecting further enlightenment,
but. receiving none, reached down and
grasped the tail of the white wolf.

  “ 'Tis a foine robe she’ll make. Bill,
an’ in th’ north, among white min an’
Injuns, ’twill give ye place an’ shtand-
in-—init not wid Moncrossen.” he add-
ed with a frown.

  “ Come on along. Foller yez in be-
hint. f’r th’ thraii’U be fair br-roke.
Plnvat wid two thrips wid th’ rackets
an’ th’ dhrag av th’ wolf, ’twill not be
bad. ’Tis only a mather av twinty
minutes to phwere Frinchy’ll bether
be waitin’ wid th’ harses.”

CHAPTER XVI.

Moncrossen.

THEY found LaFranz waiting in
fear and trembling. The heavy
snow-plow was left in readiness
for the morrow’s trail-breaking, and
the horses hitched to a rough sled and
headed for camp.

  “An’ ye say Misther Appleton sint
ye up to wor-rk in Moncrossen’s
camp?" The two were seated on the
log bunk at the back of the sled while
the Frenchman drove, keeping a fear-
ful eye on the white wolf. For old
man Frontenelle had been his uncle.

  “ Yes, he told me to report here."

  “ D’ve know Moncrossen? ”

  “ No.”

     Well, ye will, ag’in shpring,” Irish
replied dryly.

“ What do you mean,” asked Bill.

  Irish shrugged. “ Oi mane this,” he
answered. “ Moncrossen is a har-rd
man altogether. He hates a greener.
He thinks no wan but an owld hand
has any business in th’ woods, an’ ’tis
his Ijoast that in wan season he’ll make

a lumber-jack or a corpse out av any

greener.

  “ An' cornin’ from Appleton his-
self he’ll hate ye worse’n ever, f’r he’ll
think ye’ll be afther crimpin’ his bird's-
eye game. Take advice, Bill, an' kape

on th’ good side av um av ye can.

  “ He’ll throw ut into ye wid all man-
ner av dhirty thricks, but howld ye're
timper, an’ maybe ve’ll winter ut out—

an’ maybe ye won’t.”

  “ What is a bird’s-eye game? ”

  Fallon glanced at him sharply.
“ D'ye mane ye don’t know about th’
bird’s-eye?” lie asked.

  “ Not a thing.” replied Bill.

  “ Thin listen to me. Don’t ye niver
say bird’s-eye in this camp av ye ex-
pect to winter ut out.”

  Bill was anxious to hear more about
the mysterious bird’s-eye, but the sled
suddenly emerged into a wide clear-
ing and Irish was pointing out the va-
rious buildings of the log camp.

  Bright squares of light showed from
the windows of the bunk-house, office,
and grub-shack. with its adjoining
cook-shack, from the iron stovepipe of
which sparks shot skyward in a con-
tinuous shower.

  Fallon shouldered the wolf and, ac-
companied by Bill, made toward the
bunk-house, while the Frenchman
turned the team toward the stable.

  “ Agin’ we git washed up, supper’ll
be ready,” announced Irish, as he de-
posited the wolf carcass beside the
door and entered.

  Inside the long, low room, lined on
either side by a double row of bunks,
were gathered upward of a hundred
men waiting the supper call.

  They were big men, for the most
part, rough clad and unshaven. Many
were seated upon the edges of the
bunks smoking and talking, others
grouped about the three big stoves,
and the tobacco-reeking air was laden
with the rumble of throaty conversa-
tion, broken here and there by the
sharp scratch of a match, a loud laugh,
or a deep-growled, good-natured curse.

  Into this assembly stepped Irish
THE PROMISE.

645

Fallon, closely followed by Bill, the
sight of whose blood-stained face at-
tracted grinning attention. The two
men passed the length of the room to
the wash-bench, where a few loiterers
still splashed noisily at their ablutions.

  141 heard it plain, I'm tellin’ you,”
some one was saying. “ ’Way off to
the south it sounded.”

  ** That ain’t no lie,” broke in an-
other, “ I hearn it myself—jest before
dark, it was. An’ I know! Didn’t I
hear it that night over on Ten Fork?
The time she got Jack Kane’s woman,
four year ago. come Chris’mus. Yes,
sir! I tell you the werwolf’s nigh
about this camp, an’ it's me in off the
edges afore dark ! ”

  ** They say she never laughs but she
makes a kill,” said one.

  “ God! I was at Skelly’s when they
brought old man Frontenelle in,” add-
ed a big man, whose heavy beard was
shot with gray, as he turned from the
stove with a shudder.

  “ They’s some Injuns trappin' be-
low: she might of got one of them,”
opined a short, stockily built man who,
catching sight of the newcomers, ad-
dressed Fallon:

  “ Hey, Irish, you was down on the
tote-road; did you hear Diablesse? ”
Fallon finished drying his face upon
the coarse roller-towel and faced the
group who waited expectantly. “ Yis,
Oi hear-rd her, all roight,” replied
Fallon lightly. “ An’ thin Oi see’d
her.”

  Others crowded about, hanging
upon his words. “ An’ thin, be way
av showin’ me contimpt,” he added,
“ Oi dhrug her a moile or more t’rough
th’ woods be th’ tail.”

  Loud laughter followed this asser-
tion; but not a few, especially among
the older men. shook their heads in
open disapproval, and muttered curses
at his levity.

  “ But me frind Bill, here,” Irish
continued, “ c’n tell ye more about
her n phwat Oi kin. He’s new in th’
woods, Bill is; an’ so damned green he
know’d nayther th’ manein’ nor use av

th’ rackets. So, be gad, he come wid-
out ’em. Mushed two whole days
t’rough th’ shnow.

  “ But, listen; no mather how igno-
rant, nor how much he don't know, a
good man’s a man—an’ to pr-rove ut
he jumps wid his ax roight into th’
middle av th’ werwolf’s own an’ kills
noine, countin’ th’ three cripples Oi
finished.

  “ But wid D’ablish herself, moind,
he t'row’d, away his ax an’ goes to a
clinch wid his knoife in his fisht. An’
phwin 'tis over an’ he picks himsilf up
out av th’ shnow an’ wipes th’ blood
from his eyes — her blood — fY he
comes out av ut widout schratch nor
scar—D’ablish lays at his feet dead as
a nit.”

  Fallon gazed triumphantly into the
incredulous faces of the men, and,
with a smile, added, " ’Twas thin Oi
dhrug her be th’ tail to th’ sled, afther
shmashin’ her head wid th’ ax to make
sure.”

  “An’ where is she now, Irish?”
mocked one. “ Did she jump off the
sled an’ make a getaway ? ”

  Over at the grub shack the cook's
half-breed helper beat lustily upon the
discarded saw-blade that hung sus-
pended by a wire, and the men crowd-
ed noisily out of the doors.

  “ Oi'll show ye afther supper, ye
damned shpalpeen, how much av her
got away! ” shouted Irish, who waited
for Bill to remove the evidence of his
fight before piloting him to the grub
shack.

  A single table of rough lumber cov-
ered with brown oilcloth extended the
full length of the center of the room.
Above this table six huge “ Chicago
burners ” lighted the interior, which,
as the two men entered, was a hive of
noisy activity.

  Alen scuffled for places upon the sta-
tionary benches arranged along either
side of the table. Heavy porcelain
thumped the board, and the air was
filled with the metallic din of steel
knives and forks being gathered into
bearlike hands.
646

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Up and down the wide alleys behind
the benches hurried flunkies bearing
huge tin pots of steaming coffee, and
the incessant returning of thick cups
to their saucers was like the rattle of

musketry.

  But the thing that impressed the
half-famished Bill was the profusion
of food; never in his life, he thought,
had he beheld so tempting an array of
things to eat. Great trenchers of fried
pork, swimming in its own grease, al-
ternated the full length of the table
with huge pans of baked beans.

  Mountains of light, snowy bread
rose at short intervals from among
foot-hills of baked potatoes, steaming
dishes of macaroni and stewed toma-
toes. canned corn, peas, and apple
sauce, and great yellow rolls of butter,
into which the knives of the men skived
deeply.

  The two passed behind the benches
in search of vacant places .when sud-
denly an undersized flunky stumbled
awkwardly, dropping the coffee-pot,
which sent a wash of steaming brown
liquid over the floor.

  Instantly a great, hulking man with
a w ide, flat face and low forehead sur-
mounted by a thick thatch of black
hair, below which two swinish eyes
scintillated unevenly, paused in the act
of raising a great calk-booted foot over
the bench.

  The thick, pendulous lips under his
ragged mustache curled backward,
exposing a crenate row of jagged
brown teeth. He stepped directly in
front of the two men and. reaching
out a thick hand, caught the unfor-
tunate flunky by the scruff as he re-
gained his balance.

  From his lips poured an unbroken
stream of vile epithets and soul-sear-
ing curses while he shook the whim-
pering wretch with a violence that
threatened serious results, and ended
by pinning him against the log wall
and drawing back his huge arm for a
terrific shoulder blow.

  The vicious brutality of the attack
following so trivial an offense aroused

Bill Carmody’s anger. The man’s
back was toward him, and Bill grasped
the back-drawn arm at the wrist and*
with an ungentle jerk whirled the

other in his tracks.

  The man released the flunky and
faced him with a snarl. “ Who done
that?” he roared.

  “ I did. Hit me. I tripped him."

  Bill's voice was dead level and low.
but it carried to the farthest reaches
of the room, over which had fallen a
silence of expectation. Men saw that
the hard, gray eyes of the stranger
narrowed ominously.

  “An* who the hell are you?” The
words whistled through the bared
teeth and a flush of fury flooded the
man’s face.

  “ What do you care? I tripped him.
Hit me!” and the 1owt, level tone
blended into silence. It seemed a
thing—that uncanny silence when
noise should have been.

  There were sounds—sounds that no
one heeded nor heard—the heavy
breathing of a hundred men waiting
for something to happen—the thin
creak of the table boards as men
leaned forward upon hands whose
knuckles whitened under the red skin,
and stared, fascinated, at the two big
men who faced each other in the broad
aisle.

  The swinish eyes of the brutish
man glared malignantly into the gray
eyes of the stranger, in which there
appeared no slightest flicker of rage
nor hate, nor any other emotion.

  Only a cold, hard stare which held
something of terrible intensity, accen-
tuated by the little fans of whitening
wrinkles which radiated from their
corners.

  In that instant the other’s gaze wa-
vered. He knew that this man had
lied; and he knew that every man in
the room knew that he had lied. That
he had -deliberately lied into the row
and then, without raising his guard,
had dared him to strike.

  It was inconceivable.

  Had the man loudly shouted his
THE PROMISE.

647

challenge or thrown up his guard
w hen he dared him to strike, or had
his eye twitched or burned with anger,
he would have unhesitatingly lunged
into a fight to the finish.

  But he found himself at a disad-
vantage. He was up against some-
thing he did not understand. The
calm assurance of the stranger — his
fists were not doubled and his lips
smiled—disconcerted him.

  A strange, prickly chill tingled at
the back of his neck, and in his heart
he knew that for the first time in his
life he dared not strike a man. He
cast about craftily to save his face and
took his cue from the other’s smile.
With an effort his loose, thick lips
twisted into a grin.

  “ Cx'wan with yer jokin5, stranger/’
he laughed. “ Y’u damn near made
me mad—fer a minute,” and he turned
to the table.

  Instantly a clatter of noise broke
forth. Men rattled dishes nervously
in relief or disappointment, and the
room was filled with the rumble of
voices in unmeaning chatter. But in
the quick glances which passed from
man to man there was much of mean-
ing.

  “ God. man, that was Moncrossen ! ”
whispered Fallon, when the two found
themselves seated near the end of the
table. Bill smiled.

  “ Was it? ” he asked. “ I don’t like
him.”

CHAPTER XVII.

A Two-Fisted Man.

A HALF-HOUR later when Bill
sought out the boss in the little
office, the latter received him in
surly silence; and as he read Apple-
ton's note his lip curled.

  “ So you think you’ll make a lum-
ber-jack, do you ? ”

  “Yes.” There was no hesitation;
nothing of doubt in the reply.

  '* My crew’s full/’ the boss growled.
“ I don't need no men, let alone a

greener that don't know a peavey from
a bark spud. Wha’d the old man send
you up here for, anyhow?”

  “ That. I presume, is his business.”

  “Oh, it is, is it? Well, let me tell
you first off — I’m boss of this here
camp! ” Moncrossen paused and
glared at the younger man. “ You
get that, do you? Just you remember
that what I say goes, an’ I don’t take
no guff often no man, not even one of
the old man’s pets—an’ that’s my
business—see ? ”

  Bill smiled as the scowling man
crushed the note in his hand and
slammed it viciously into the wood-
box.

  “ Wants you broke in, does he? All
right; I’ll break you! Ag'in’ spring
you’ll know a little somethin’ about
logs, or you’ll be so damn sick of the
woods you'll run every time you hear
a log chain rattle; an’ either way,
you'll learn who’s boss of this here
camp.”

  Moncrossen sank his yellow teeth
into a thick plug of tobacco and tore
off the corner with a jerk.

  “ Throw yer blankets into an empty
bunk an' be ready fer work in the
mornin’. I'll put you swampin’ fer the
big Swede—1 guess that '11 hold you.
Yer wages is forty-five a month—an’
I’m right here to see that you earn
’em.”

 “Can I buy blankets here? I
threw mine away coming out."

  “Cornin’ out! Cornin’ in. you
mean! Men come in to the woods.
In the spring they go out—if they’re
lucky. Get what you want over to the
van; it’ll be charged ag'in' yer wages.”
Bill turned toward the door.

  “ By the way,” the boss growled,
“ what’s yer name — back where you
come from ? ”

  “ Bill.”

  “ Bill what?”

  “ No. Just Bill—with a period for
a full stop. And that’s my business—
see ? ” As Moncrossen encountered
the level stare of the gray eyes he
leered knowingly.
648

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “Oh. that’s it. eh? All right, Bill!
‘ Curiosity killed the cat/ as the feller
says. An' just don’t forget to remem-
ber that what a man don’t know don’t
hurt him none.

    Loggin’ is learned in the chop-
ping. Accidents happens; an' dead
men tells no tales. Them that keeps
their eyes to the front an’ minds their
own business gen’ally winters through.
That’s all.*’

  Bill wondered at the seemingly ir-
relevant utterances of the boss, but left
the office without comment.

  On the floor of the bunk-house Irish
Fallon, assisted by several of the men,
was removing the skin from Diablesse,
while others looked on.

  The awkward hush that fell upon
them as he entered told Bill that he
had been the subject of their conver-
sation. Men glanced at him covertly,
as though taking his measure, and he
soon found himself relating the ad-
ventures of the trail to an apprecia-
tive audience, which grinned approval
and tendered flasks, which he declined.

  Later, as he helped Fallon nail the
wolfskin to tbe end of the bunk-house
he told him of the interview with Mon-
crossen. The Irishman listened,
frowning.

  “ Ye’ve made a bad shtar-rt wid
uni." he said, shaking his head. “ Ye
eyed ’im down in th’ grub shack, an’
he hates ye fer ut. How ye got by
wid ut Oi don’t know, t’er he’s a
scr-rapper from away back, an’ av he’d
sailed into ye Oi’m thinkin’ he’d
knocked th’ divil out av ye, fer he’s
had experience, which ye ain’t.

  “ But he didn't dast to, an’ he knows
ut, an’ he knows that the men knows
ut. An' now he'll lay fer a chanst to
git aven. Ut’s th’ besht ye c’n do—
loike he says, kape th' two eyes av ye
to th’ front an’ moind yer own busi-
ness—only kape wan eye behint ye to
look out fer throuble. Phwat fer job
did he give yez? ”

  “ I am to start swamping, whatever
that is, for the big Swede.”

  The Irishman grinned.

  “ Oi thoucht so: an’ may God have
mercy on yer sowl.”

  “ What is the matter with the

Swede? ’’

  " Mather enough. Bein’ hand an’
glove wid Moncrossen is good ray son
to suspicion any man. Fer t’is be the
help av Shtromberg that Moncrossen
kapes a loine on th’ men an’ gits by
wid his crooked wor-rk.

  “ He ain’t long on brains nohow.
Moncrossen ain’t, an’ he ain’t a good
camp-boss nayther, fer all he gits out
th’ logs.

  “ Be bluff an’ bullyin’ he gits th'
wor-rk out av th’ crew; but av ut
wasn't that Misther Appleton lets um
pay a bit over goin' wages, he'd have
no crew, fer th' men hate um fer all
they’re afraid av um.

  “ Th’ rayson he puls ye shwampin
fer th’ big Swede is so’s he’ll kape an
eye on yez. As long as ye do yer
wor-rk an’ moind yer own business
ye’ll git along wid him as well as an-
other. But, moind ye, phwin th’
bird’s-eye shtar-rts movin’ ye don’t no-
tice nothin’, or some foine aven in'
ye’ll turn up missin’.”

  “ WTiat is this bird's-eye thing?”
asked Bill. “ WTiat has it got to do
with Moncrossen—and me ? ”

  The Irishman considered the ques-
tion and, without answering, walked
to the corner of the bunk-house near
which they were standing and peered
into the black shadow of the wall. Ap-
parently satisfied, he returned again to
where Bill was standing.

  “ Come on in th’ bunk-house, now,”
he said. “ I want to locate Shtrom-
berg an' wan or two more. We’ll sit
around an’ shmoke a bit, an’ phwin
they begin rollin’ in ye’ll ask me
plnvere is th’ van, fer ye must have
blankets an' phwat not. Oi’ll go along
to show ye, an’ we'll take a turn down
th' tote-road phwere we c'n talk wid-
out its gittin’ to th’ ears av th’ boss.”
Wondering at the man’s precautions
for secrecy, he followed, and for a
half-hour listened to the fireside gos-
sip of the camp. He noticed that Fal-
THE PROMISE.

649

Ion’s glance traveled over the various
groups as if seeking some one, and he
wondered which of the men was
Stromberg.

  Suddenly the door was flung open
and a huge, yellow-bearded man
stamped noisily to the stove, disre-
garding the curses that issued from
the bunks of those who had already
turned in.

  This man was larger even than
Moncrossen, with protruding eyes of
china blue, which stared weakly from
beneath heavy, straw-colored eyebrows.
Two hundred and fifty pounds, thought
Bill, as the man, snorting disagreeably,
paused before him and fixed him with
an insolent stare.

  “ Hey, you! Boss says you swamp
for me,” he snorted. Bill nodded in-
differently.

  “ You know how to swamp good? ”
he asked. Bill studied the toes of his
moccasins and, without looking up, re-
plied with a negative shake of his head.

  “ I learn you, all right. In couple
days you swamp good, or I fix you.”

  Bill looked up, encountered the wa-
tery glare of the blue eyes, and re-
turned his gaze to the points of his
moccasins. The voice of the Swede
grew more aggressive. He snorted
importantly as the men looked on, and
smote his palm with a ponderous fist.

  “ First thing, I duck you in water-
hole. Then I slap you to peak an’
break off the peak.” The men snick-
ered, and Stromberg, emboldened by
the silence of his new swamper, con-
tinued :

  “ It's time boys was in bed. To-
morrow I make you earn your wages.”

  Bill rose slowly from his seat, and
as he looked again into the face of the
big Swede his lips smiled. But Fallon
noticed, and others, that in the steely
glint of the gray eyes was no hint of
smile, and they watched curiously
while he removed his mackinaw and
tossed it carelessly onto the edge of a
near-by bunk from where it slipped
unnoticed to the floor.

  Stromberg produced a bottle, drank

deep, and returned the flask to his
pocket. He rasped the fire from his
throat with a harsh, grating sound,
drew the back of his hand across his
mouth, and kicked contemptuously at
the mackinaw which lay almost at his
feet.

  As he did so a long, thick envelope,
to which was tightly bound the photo-
graph of a girl, slipped from the inner
pocket. Instantly he stooped and
seized it.

  “Haw, haw!” he roared, “the
greener’s got a woman. Look, she’s
a—”

  “ Drop that! ” The voice was low,
almost soft in tone, but the words cut
quick and clear, with no hint of gen-
tleness.

  “ Come get it, greener! ” The man
taunted as he doubled a huge fist, and
held the photograph high that the
others might see.

  Bill came. He covered the inter-
vening space at a bound, springing
swiftly and straight — as panthers
spring; and as his moccasined feet
touched the floor he struck. Once,
twice, thrice—and all so quickly that
the onlookers received no sense of re-
peated effort.

  The terrific force of the well-placed
blows, and their deadly accuracy,
seemed to be consecutive parts of a
single, continuous, smoothly flowing
movement.

  In the tense silence sounds rang
sharp — the peculiar smack of living
flesh hard hit. as the first blow landed
just belowT the ear, the dull thump of
a heavy body blow, and the clash of
teeth driven against teeth as the sag-
ging jaw of the big Swede snapped
shut to the impact of the long swing
that landed full on his chin's point.

  The huge form stiffened, spun half-
way around, and toppled sidewise
against a rack of drying garments,
which fell with a crash to the floor.

  Without so much as a glance at the
ludicrously sprawled figure, Bill picked
up his mackinaw and returned the en-
velope to the pocket.
650

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Irish,” he asked. “ where is the
van? I must get some blankets. My
nurse, there, says it’s time to turn in.

  “ Oi’ll go wid ye,” said Fallon, and
a roar of laughter followed them out
into the night.

CHAPTER XVIII.

" Bird's-Eye " and Philosophy.

BILL quickly made his purchases,
and shouldering the roll of blan-
kets, followed Irish to the head
of a roll way, where the two seated
themselves on the bunk of a log sled.

  “ Oi don’t know how ye done ut,”
Fallon began. " ’Twas th’ handiest
bit av two-fisted wor-rk Oi iver see’d.
'Tis well ye’ve had ut out wid Shtrom-
berg.

  “ Fer all his crookedness, he’s a
bether man thin th’ boss, an' he'll not
be lay in* that lickin’ up again yez.
Twas a foight av his own pickin’, an’
he knows ye’ve got him faded.

  “ Aven av he w'ud of befoor, he'll
see to ut that no har-rm comes to ye
now t'rough fault av his own, fer well
he knows the men ’ud think ’twas done
to pay ye back, an’ lie'll have no wish
to play th' title role at a bangin’.

  “ From now on, 'tis only Moncros-
sen ye’ll have to watch, fer ye’re in
good wid th' men. We undershtand
ye now. Ye see, 111 th' woods we don’t
loike myshtery an’, whiles we most av
us know that Moncrossen’s givin’ Ap-
pleton th’ double-cross, ’tis none av
otir business, an’ phwin we thoucht
ve'd come into th’ woods undhcr false
pretinces to catch um at ut, they was
more or less talk.

  “ Mesilf was beginnin’ to think ye’d
come into th' wroods fer th’ rist cure,
ye read about in th' papers, seein’ ye’d
loafed about fer maybe it’s foive hours
an’ done nothin' besides carve up th’
werwolf an' her pack, eye down th’
boss in his own grub-shack, an’ thin
top off th' avenin' be knockin’ th’ big
Swede cold, which some claims he c’ud
put th' boss himself to th' brush, wunst

he got shtar-rted. But now we know
phy ye're here. We’re pr-roud ye’re

wan av us.”

“ What do you mean — you know
why I am here? I am here because I
needed a job. and Appleton hired me.”
“ Sure. lad. But, ye moind th' pic-
ture in ver pocket. 'Twas a woman.”
“ But—”

  “ ’Tis none av our business, an’ ’tis
nayther here nor there. Av there’s a
woman at th’ bottom av ut, ’tis rayson
enough—phwativer happens.”

  Bill laughed.

  “ You were going to tell me about
the bird's-eye,” he reminded.

  “ Ut’s loike this: Here an’ yon in
th’ timber there’s a bird’s-eye tree—
bird’s-eye maple, ye know. Tis scarce
enough, wid only a tree now an’ agin,
an’ ut takes an expert to spot ut.

  “ Well, th’ bird’s-eye brings around
a hundred dollars a thousan’, an’ divfl
a bit av ut gits to Appleton’s mills.

  “ Moncrossen’s got a gang —
Shtromberg’s in ut, an’ a Frinch cruis-
er named Lebolt, an’ a boot-leggin*
tree-spotter named Creed, that lives in
Hilarity, an’ a couple av worthless div-
ils av sawyers that’s too lazy fer hon-
est wor-rk, but camps t’rough th’ win-
ter, trappin’ an sawin’ bird’s-eye an’
calico ash on other men’s land.

  “ Shtromberg ’11 skid till along to-
ward shpring phwin he’ll go to teamin’.
Be that toime th’ bird’s-eye logs ’11 be
down, here an’ there in th’ woods be-
yant th’ shoppin’s, an’ Shtromberg ’II
haul um an’ bank um on some river;
thin in th’ summer, Moncrossen an’
his men ’11 slip up, toggle um to light
logs so they ’11 float, an’ raft um to th'
railroad phwere there’ll be a buyer
from th’ Eastern vaneer mills waitin’.

  “ Ut’s a crooked game, shtealin’ Ap-
pleton’s logs, an’ haulin’ um wid Ap-
pleton’s teams, an’ drawin’ Appleton’s
wages fer doin’ ut.

  “ Now, bechune man an’ man, th’
big Swede’s th’ brains av th' gang.
He’s a whole lot shmar-rter’n phwat
he lets on. Such ain’t th’ nature av
men. but ’tis th’ way av women.”
THE PROMISE.

651

  Irish thoughtfully tamped his pipe-
bowl, and the flare of the match be-
tween his cupped palms brought out
his honest features distinctly in the
darkness. Bill felt a strong liking for
this homely philosopher, and he lis-
tened as the other eyed him knowingly
and continued:

  “ 'Tis be experience we lear-rn. An'
th’ sooner a man lear-rns, th' bether
ut is fer um, that all women know
more thin they let on—an' they’ve al-
ways an ace fer a whole car-rd bekase
av ut.

  “ Fer women run men, an’ men poli-
tics, an’ politics armies, an’ armies th’
wor-rld—an' at th’ bottom av ut all is
th’ wisdom an’ schemin’ av women.

  “ Phwin a man fools a woman, lie’s
a fool—fer she ain’t fooled at all. But,
she ain’t fool enough to let on she ain’t
fooled, fer well she knows that as long
as she knows more thin he thinks she
knows, she holds th’ edge—an’ th'
divil av ut is, she does.

  “Take a man, now; phwin ye know
um, ye know um. He’s always willin’
to admit he’s as shmar-rt as he is, or a
damn soight shmar-rter, which don’t
fool no wan, fer ’tis phwat they expect.

  “ A man c’n brag an’ lie about
phwat he knows, an’ phwere lie’s been,
an' phwat he’s done: an’ noine toimes
out av tin, ye cud trust him to th' inds
av th’ earth wid ye're laslit dollar.

  “ But wanst let 11111 go out av his
way to belittle himsilf an' phwat he
knows, an1 Oi w’udn’t trust him wid a
bent penny as far as Oi cud t'row a
bull be th’ tail—fer ’tis done wid a pur-
pose. ’Tis so wid Shtromberg.”

  Fallon arose, consulted his watch,
and led the way toward the bunk-
house.

  “ So now ye know fer phvvy Mon-
crossen hates ye,” he continued. “ He
knows ye’re a greener in th’ woods,
but he knows be this toime ye'll be a
har-rd man to handle, an’ he fears ye.
Oi’ve put ye wise to th’ bird's-eye
game so ye c'n steer clear av ut, an’
not be gittin’ mixed up in ut wan way
or another.”

  “ I am much obliged, Fallon, for
what you have told me,” replied Bill
quietly; “ but inasmuch as I am work-
ing for Appleton, I will just make it
my business to look after his interests
in whatever way possible. I guess I
will take a hand in the bird’s-eye game
myself. I am not afraid of Moncros-
sen and his gang of thieves. Anyway,
I will give them a run for their
money.”

  Fallon shrugged.

  “ D’ye know, Oi thoucht ye’d say
that. Well, ’tis ye’re own funeral.
Tellin’ ye about me. Oi ain’t lost no
bird’s-eye trees, mesilf, but av ye need
help— Be th* way, th’ bunk above
mine’s empty; ye moight t’row ye’re
blankets in there.”

CHAPTER XIX.

A Frame-Up.

IN the days that followed Bill threw
himself into the work with a vigor
that won the approval of the men.
A “ top ’’ lumber crew is a smooth-
running machine of nice balance whose
working units are interdependent one
upon another for efficiency. One
shirking or inexperienced man may
appreciably curtail the output of an
entire camp and breed discontent and
dissatisfaction among the crew. But
with Bill there was no soldiering. He
performed a man’s work from the
start—awkwardly at first, but, with the
mastery of detail acquired under the
able tutelage of Stromberg, he became
known as the best swamper 011 the job.

  Between him and the big Swede ex-
isted a condition of armed neutrality.
Neither ever referred to the incident
of the bunk-house, nor did either show
hint of ill-feeling toward the other.
The efficiency of each depended upon
the efforts of the other, and neither
found cause for complaint.

  With the crew working to capacity
to supply Appleton’s demand for ten
million feet of logs, there was little
time for recreation. Nevertheless, Bill
662

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

bought a pair of snow-shoes from a
passing Indian and, in spite of rough
weather and aching muscles, utilized
stormy days and moonlight nights in
perfecting himself in their use.

  He and Fallon had become great
chums and. contrary to the Irishman’s
prediction, instead of hectoring the
new man. Moncrossen left him severe-
ly alone.

  And so the routine of the camp went
on until well into February. The
clearing widened, the timber line re-
ceded, and tier upon tier of logs was
pyramided upon the rollways. As yet
Bill had made no progress—formu-
lated no definite plan for the detection
and ultimate exposure of the gang of
bird’s-eye thieves.

  Occasionally men put up at the camp
for a short stay. Creed and Lebolt
were the most frequent visitors, but
neither gave evidence of being other
than he appeared to be—Creed a
hunter seeking to dispose of venison
taken out of season, and Lebolt a com-
pany cruiser engaged in estimating
timber to the northward.

  It was about this time that Bad
Luck, that gaunt specter that lurks
unseen in the shadows and hovers over
the little lives of men for the working
of harm, swooped down upon the camp
and in a series of untoward happenings
impaired its efficiency and impregnated
the atmosphere with the blight of dis-
content.

  An unprecedented thaw set in,
ruining the skidways and reducing the
snow of the forest to a sodden slush
that chilled men to the bone as they
Maundered heavily about their work.

  Reed and Kantochy, twro sawyers,
were caught by a “ kick-back.” One
of the best horses was sweenied. A
teamster who fell asleep on the top
of his load awoke in the bottom of a
ravine with a shattered arm, a dead
horse, and a ruined log-sled. Bill’s
foot was mashed by a rolling log: and
last, and most far-reaching in its ef-
fect, the cook contracted spotted fever
and died in a reverse curve.

  Moncrossen raged. From a steady
eighty thousand feet a day the output
dropped to seventy, sixty, fifty thou-
sand—and the end was not in sight.
Good-natured-banter and friendly tus-
sles among the men gave place to
surlv bickering and ugly fist-fighting,
and in spite of the best efforts of the
second cook the crew growled sullenly
or openly cursed the grub.

  Then it was that Moncrossen knew
that something must be done—and that
something quickly. He shifted Strom-
berg and Fallon to the sawing crew,
made a skidder out of a swamper, and
filled his place with a grub-shack
flunky.

  Then one afternoon he dropped in
upon Bill in the bunk-house, where
that young man sat fuming at his in-
action with his foot propped up on the
edge of a bunk.

  “How’s the foot?” growled the
boss.

   “ Pretty sore,” answered Bill, laying
aside a magazine. “ Swelling is going
down a bit.”

   “ Ever handle horses? ”

   “ Yes, a few.”

   The boss cleared his throat and pro-
ceeded awkwardly.

   “ I don’t like to ask no crippled man
to work before he's able.” he began
grudgingly. “ But things is gohv bad.
What with them two pilgrims that
called theirselves sawyers not bein’
able to dodge a kickback, an’ Gibson
pickin’ a down - hill pull on an iced
skidway for to go to sleep on his load,
an' your gettin’ pinched, an' the cook
curlin' up an’ dyin’ on us, an’ the whole
damned outfit roarin’ about the grub,
there’s hell to pay all around."

   He paused and. receiving no answer,
shot a crafty look at the man before
him.

  “Now, if you was able,” he went
on, “ you c’d take the tote-sled down
to Hilarity an’ fetch us a cook. It
seems like that's the onliest wray;
there ain’t nary ’nother man I c’n spare
—an1 he’s a good cook, old Daddy
Dunnigan is, if he’ll come. He’s a in-
THE PROMISE.

653

dependent old cuss—work if he damn
good an’ feels like it, an' if he don't
he won’t.

  “ If you think you c’n tackle it. I’ll
have the blacksmith whittle you out a
crutch, an’ you c’n take that long-
geared tote team an’ make Hilarity in
two days. They’s double time in it for
you,” he added, as a matter of special
inducement.

  Bill did not hesitate over his deci-
sion.

  “All right; I think I can manage,”
he said. “ When do I start? ”

  “ The team Ml be ready early in the
mornin’. If you start about four
o’clock you c’n make Melton’s old
No. 8 Camp by night without crowd-
in’ ’em too hard. It’s the first one of
them old camps you strike, and you c’n
stable the horses without unliarnessin’;
just slip off the bridles an’ feed ’em.”

  Bill nodded. At the door Mon-
crossen halted and glanced at him
peculiarly.

  “ I'm obliged to you,” he said. “ For
a greener, you’ve made a good hand.
I ll have things got ready.”

  Bill was surprised that the boss had
paid him even this grudging compli-
ment, and as he sat beside the big stove,
puzzled over the peculiar glance that
had accompanied it.

  In a few minutes, however, he dis-
missed the matter and turned again to
his six months old magazine. Could
he have followed Moncrosscn and
overheard the hurried conversation
which took place in the little office, he
would have found food for further
reflection, but of this he remained in
ignorance; and, all unknown to him,
a man left the office, slipped swiftly
and noiselessly into the forest, and
headed southward.

  “ ’Tis a foine va-acation ye’re havin'
playin' nurse fer a pinched toe, an’ me
tearin' out th' bone fer to git out th'
logs on salt - horse an’ dough - gods 't
w’d sink a battle-ship. 'Tis a lucky
divil ye ar-re altogither,” railed Fallon
good-naturedly as he returned from
supper and found Bill engaged in

the task of swashing arnica on his
bruised foot.

   “ Oh, I don't know. I’ll be back in
the game to-morrow.”

  “To-morry!” exclaimed Irish,
eying the swollen and discolored mem-
ber with a grin. “ Yis; ut ’11 be to-
morry, all right. But ’tis a shame to
waste so much toime. Av ye c’d git
th’ boss to put ye on noight shift icin’
th’ skidways, ye wudn’t have to wait
so long.”

•	“ It’s a fact, Irish.” laughed Bill.
“ I go on at 4 a.m. to-morrow.”

   “ Fure a.m., is ut? An’ phwat ’11
ye be doin’? Peelin’ praties fer that
dommed pisener in th’ kitchen. Ye’ve
only been laid up t'ree days an' talk
av goin’ to wor-rk. Man! Av Oi was
lucky enough to git squose loike that,
Oi’d make ut lasht a month av Oi had
to pour ink on me foot to kape up th'
color.”

   “ I’m going to Hilarity for a cook.”
insisted Bill. “ Moncrossen says there
is a real one down there—Daddy Dun-
nigan, he called him.”

   “ Sure. Dunnigan '11 not come into
th’ woods. An’ phy shud he? Wid
money in th’ bank, an’ her majesty’s—
Oi mane, his nibs’s pension coinin’ in
ivery month, an' his insides broke into
Hod Burrage’s whisky — phwat more
c’d a man want? ”

   “ The boss thinks maybe he’ll come.
Anyway. I am going after him.”

  “ Ye shud av towld um to go to
hell! Wor-rkin' a man wid a foot
loike that is crooltv to animals; av ye
was a harse he'd be arrested.”

   “ He didn’t tell me to go. Pie is
crowded for men; the grub is rotten;
something has to be done; and he
asked me if I thought I could make it.”
Irish pulled thoughtfully at his pipe,
and slowly his brows drew together in
a frown.

  “ He said ye c’d make ut in two
days?” he inquired.

   “ Yes. The tote road is well bro-
ken, and forty miles traveling light
with that rangy team is not such an
awful pull.”
664

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ An he to wid ye phwere to camp.
It'll be Melton’s awld Not 8, where ye
camped cornin' in?

  w Yes."

  Fallon nodded thoughtfully, and
Bill wondered what was passing in his
mind. For a long time he was silent,
and the injured man responded to the
hearty greetings and inquiries of the
men returning from the grub shack.

  When these later had disposed them-
selves for the evening, the Irishman
hunched his chair closer to the bunk
upon which Bill was sitting.

  “ At Melton's No. 8, Oi inoind,
th’ shtables is a good bit av a way
from th’ rist av th’ buildin’s, an’ hid
from soight be a knowl av ground.”

  “ I don’t remember the .stables, but
they can't be very far; they are in the
clearing, and Moncrossen had the
blacksmith make me a crutch.”

  *f A crutch, is ut? A crutch! Well,
a man ud play hell makin’ foorty
moiles on a crutch in th’ winter—no
mather how good th’ thrail was
broke.”

  “Forty miles! Look here. Irish—
what are you talking about? I thought
your bottle had been empty for a
week.”

  “ Impty ut is—which me head ain't.
Listen: S’posin'—just s'posin\ moind
yez Oi’m say in’ — a man wid a bum
leg was camped in th’ shack av Mel-
ton's No. 8, an' th’ harses in th’
shtable. An* s'posin’ some one
shnaked in in th’ noight an’ stole th’
harses on um an' druv ‘cm to Hilarity,
an' waited fr th' boss to sind f’r ’em.

  “ An’ s’posin’ a wake wint by be-
foor th’ boss c’d sind a man down to
look up th’ team he’d sint f'r a cook,
wid orders to hurry back. An’
sposin he found th' bum-legged driver
iroze shtiff on th’ tote road phwere
he’d made out to hobble a few moiles
on his crutch—phwat thin?

  “ Why, th’ man was a greener, an’,
not knowin’ how to handle th’ team,
they’d got away from um.”

  Bill followed the Irishman closely,
and knew that he spoke with a pur-

pose. His eyes narrowed, and his lips
bent into that cold smile which the

men of the camp had come to know
was no smile at all, but a battle alarum,
the more ominous for its silence.

  “ Do you mean that it is a frame-
up? That Moncrossen—” Fallon si-
lenced him with a motion.

  “ Whist! ” he whispered and
glanced sharply about him, then leaned
over am! dug a stiffened forefinger into
the other's ribs. “ Oi don’t mane
nothin’. But ’tis about toime they be-
gun bankin’ their bird’s-eye.

  “ Creed et dinner in camp, but he
never et supper. Him an’ th’ boss
made medicine in th’ office afther th’
boss talked to ye. Put two an’ two
togither an’ Oi’ve towld ye nothin’ at
all; but av ye fergit ut Oi’ll see that
phwat th’ wolves lave av th’ bum-
legged teamster is buried proper an’
buried deep, an’ Oi’ll blow in tin dol-
lars f’r a mass f’r his sowl.

  “ Av ye don’t fergit ut. ye moight
fetch back a gallon jug av Hod Bur-
rage's embalmin’ flooid, f'r me in-
wards is that petrified be th’ grub
we’ve been havin’ av late, they moight
mishtake ut f’r rale liquor. Good-by,
an’ good luck—’tis toime to roll in.”

            m

CHAPTER XX.

A Fire in the Night.

THE sledding was good on the tote-
road.

The thaw that ruined the iced
surface of the sideways was followed
by several days of freezing weather
that put a hard, smooth finish on the
deep snow of the longer road, over
which the runners of the box-bodied
tote-sled slipped with scarcely any re-
sistance to the pull of the sharp-shod
team.

  Bill Carmody, snugly bundled in
robes in the bottom of the sled, idly
watched the panorama of tree-trunks
between which the road twisted in an
endless succession of tortuous wind-
ings.
THE PROMISE.

655

  It was not yet daylight when lie
rounded the bend which was the scene
of his fight with the were-wolf.

  But by the thin, cold starlight and
the pale luminosity of the fading au-
rora, he recognized each surrounding
detail, and wondered at the accuracy
with which the trivialities of the set-
ting had been subconsciously impressed
upon his memory.

  It was here he had first met Fallon,
and he remembered the undisguised
approval in the Irishman’s voice and the
firm grip of the hand that welcomed
him into the comradery of the North-
men as he stood, faint from hunger
and weary from exertion, staring dully
down at the misshapen carcass of
Diablesse.

  “ Good old Irish.” he muttered, and
smiled as he thought of himself. Bill
Carmody, proud of the friendship of a
lumber-jack.

  He had come to know that in the
ceaseless whirl of society the heavier
timbers—the real men are thrown
outward—forced to the very edges of
the bowl, where they toil among big
things upon the outskirts of civiliza-
tion.

  He pulled off his heavy mitten and
fumbled for his pipe. In the side-
pocket of his mackinaw his hand en-
countered an object—hard and cold
and unfamiliar to his touch.

  He withdrew it and looked at the
wicked, blue-black outlines of an auto-
matic pistol. Idly he examined the
clip, crowded with shiny, yellow cart-
ridges. He recognized the gun as
Fallon’s, and smiled as he returned it
to his pocket.

  ** Only in case of a pinch,” he
grinned, and glanced approvingly at
the fist that doubled hard to the strong
clinch of his fingers.

  Hour after hour lie slipped smoothly
southward, relieving the monotony of
the journey by formulating his plan
of action in case the forebodings of
Fallon should be realized.

  Personally he apprehended 110
trouble, but he made up his mind that

trouble coming should not find him un-
prepared

  When at last the team swung into
the clearing of Melton’s old Number
Eight, the stars winked in cold bril-
liance above the surrounding pines, and
the deserted buildings stood lifeless
and dim in the deepening gloom.

  Bill headed the horses for the stable
which he found, as Irish had told him,
located at some distance from the other
buildings and cut off from sight by a
knoll and a heavy tangle of scrub that
had sprung up in the ^clearing.

  He climbed stiffly and painfully from
the sled-box. and with the aid of his
crutch, hobbled about the task of un-
hitching the horses. He watered them
where a plume of thin vapor dis-
closed the whereabouts of a never-
freezing spring which burbled softly
between its low, ice-encrusted banks.

  It proved a difficult matter, crippled
as lie was, to handle the horses, but at
length he got them into the stable,
chinked the broken feed-boxes as best
he could, and removed the bridles,
hanging them upon the liames.

  He closed the door and, securing
his lantern, blankets, and lunch-basket,
made his wav toward the old shack
where he spent his first night in the
timber land.

  The sagging door swung half open,
and upon the rough floor the snow-
water from the recent thaw had collect-
ed in puddles and frozen, rendering
the footing precarious.

  Bill noted with satisfaction that
there still remained a goodly portion
of the firewood which he had cut and
carried in upon his previous visit, and
he soon had a fire roaring in the rusty
stove.

  He was in no hurry. He knew that
any attempt to make away with the
team would be delayed until the thief
believed him to be asleep, and his plans
were laid to the minutest detail.

  Setting the lantern upon the table,
he proceeded to eat his lunch, after
which he lighted his pipe and for an
hour smoked at the fireside. In spite
656

all-story weekly.

of the pain of his injured loot his
mind wandered back to the events of
his first visit to the shack.

  There, in the black shadow of the
pile of firewood, lay the empty whisky-
bottle where the Indian had tossed it
after drinking the last drop of its con-
tents.	.

  Carmody stared a long time at this
silent reminder of his first serious
brush with King Alcohol, then, from
the inner pocket of his mackinaw, he
drew the sealed packet and gazed for
many minutes at the likeness oi" the
girl—dimming now from the rub of
the coarse cloth of the pocket.

  Suddenly a great longing came over
him—a longing to see this girl, to hear
the soft accents of her voice and. above
all, to tell her of his great love for her,
that in all the world there was no
woman but her. and that each day, and
a hundred times each day, her dear
face was before his eyes, and in his
ears, ringing above the mighty sounds
of a falling forest, was the soft, sweet
sound of her voice.

  He could not speak to her. but she
could speak to him, even if it was but
a repetition of the words of the letters
he already knew by heart, but which
had remained sealed in the envelope
ever since the day he bid farewell to
Broadway—and to her.

  His fingers fumbled at the flap of
the heavy envelope. He could at least
feast his eyes upon the lines traced by
her pen and press his lips to the page
where her little hand had rested.

   His foot throbbed with dull persist-
ence. He was conscious of being
tired, but he must not sleep this night.
Rough work possibly, at any rate, a
man’s work, awaited him there in the
gloom of the silent clearing.

  Again his eye sought the whisky-
bottle and held. His fingers ceased to
toy with the flap, for in that moment
the thought came to him that had the
bottle not been empty, had it been filled
with liquor—strong liquor—with the
pain in his foot and the stiffness of
his tired muscles and the work ahead

.—well, he might—for the old desire
was strong upon him—he might take
a drink.

  “ Not yet/* he muttered, and re-
turned the packet to his pocket un-
opened. “ I told her I would beat the
game. I’ve bucked old John Barley-
corn’s line ami scored a touchdown;
the hardest of the fighting is past, but
there is just a chance that I might miss
goal.”

   Bill looked at his watch; it was eight
o’clock. He stood up, wincing as his
injured foot touched the floor, and
hobbled across the room where he
wrenched a rough, split shelf from the
wall. This, together with some sticks
of firewrood. he rolled in a blanket,
placing it near the stove. He added
more wood until the bundle was about
the size and shape of a man, and
covered it with his other two blankets.
Filling the broken stove with wood, he
blew out the lantern and limped silently
out into the night.

  Two hours later Creed, bird’s-eye
spotter and bad man of the worn-out
little town of Hilarity, knocked the
ashes from his pipe and held a glowing
brand to the dial of his watch.

  “ The greener should be asleep by
now,” he muttered, and, rolling his
blanket, kicked snow over the rem-
nant of his camp-fire, picked up his
rifle, and ascended the steep side of a
deep ravine l}'ing some two hundred
yards to the westward of the clearing
where Bill Carmody had encamped
for the night.

  After leaving Moncrossen’s office
on the previous afternoon he had
traveled all night, and reached Melton’s
old Number Eight in the early mor-
ning.

   All day he had slept by the side of
his fire in the bottom of the ravine,
and in the evening had lain in the
cover of the scrub and watched the
greener stable the horses and limp to
the deserted shack.

  At heart Creed w’as a craven, a
bullying swashbuckler, who bragged
and blustered among the rheumy-eyed
THE PROMISE-

667

down-and-outers who nightly fore-
gathered about Burrage’s stove, but
who was servile and cringing as a
starved puppy toward Moncrossen and
Stromberg, who openly despised him.

  They made good use of his ability
to “ spot " a bird’s-eye tree as far as
he could see one, however, an ability
shared by few woodsmen, and which
in Creed amounted almost to genius.

  The man had never been known to
turn his hand to honest work, but as
a timber pirate and pedler of rotgut
whisky among the Indians, he had
arisen to comparative affluence.

  His hate for the greener was abys-
mal and unreasoning, and had been
carefully fostered by Moncrossen who,
instinctively fearing that the new man
would eventually expose his nefarious
double-dealing with his employer, re-
alized that at the proper time Creed
could be induced to do away with the
greener under circumstances that would
leave him, Moncrossen, free from sus-
picion.

  In the framing of Bill Carmody,
Stromberg had no part. Moncrossen
could not fathom the big Swede, upon
whose judgment and acumen he had
come to rely in the matter of handling
and disposing of the stolen timber.

  Several times during the winter he
had tentatively broached plans and in-
sinuated means whereby the Swede
could “ accidentally ” remove his
swamper from their path.

  The reversing of a hook which
would cause a log to roll just at the
right time on a hillside; the filing of
a link; the snapping of a weakened
bunk-pin, any one of these common ac-
cidents would render them safe from
possible interference.

  But to all these suggestions Strom-
berg turned a deaf ear. The boss even
taunted him with the knock-out he had
received at the hands of the greener.

  “ That’s all right, Moncrossen,” he
replied; “ I picked the fight purpose to
beat him up. It didn’t work. He’s a
better man than me—or you either—
an' you know it. Only he had to lick

     6	A-S

me to prove it. He chilled your heart
with a look an’ a grin—an’ the whole

crew lookin' on.

  “ But beatin' up a man is one thing
an’ murder is another. Appleton's
rich, besides he's a softwood man an’
ain't fixed for handlin' veneer, so I
might’s well get in on the bird’s-eye
as let yon an’ Creed an’ Lebolt steal it
all.

  “ But I ain’t got to the point where
I’d murder a good man to cover up
my dirty tracks—an’ I never will! ”

  ^nd so, without consulting Strom-
berg. Moncrossen bided his time and
laid his plans. And now the time had
come. The plan had been gone over
in detail in the little office, and Creed
in the edge of the timber stood ready
to carry it out.

  Stealthily he slipped into the dense
shadows of the scrub and made his
way toward the shack where a thin
banner of smoke, shot with an occa-
sional yellow spark, floated from the
dilapidated stovepipe that protruded
from the roof.

  The hard crust rendered snow-shoes
unnecessary, and his soft moccasins
made no sound upon the surface of
the snow.

  Gaining the side of the shack, he
peered between the unchinked logs.
The play of the firelight that shone
through the holes of the broken stove
sent flickering shadows dancing over
the floor and walls of the rough in-
terior.

  Near the fire, stretched long and
silent beneath its blankets, lay the
form of a man. Creed shifted his
position for a better view of the
sleeper. His foot caught in the loop
of a piece of discarded wire whose
ends were firmly frozen into the snow,
and he crashed heavily backward into
a pile of dry brushwood.

  It seemed to the frightened man as
if the accompanying noise must wake
the dead. He lay for a moment where
he had fallen, listening for sounds
from within. He clutched his rifle
nervously, but the deathlike silence
658

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

was unbroken save for his own heavy
breathing and the tiny snapping of
the fire in the stove.

  Cautiously he extricated himself
from the brush-heap, his heart pound-
ing wildly at the snapping of each dry
twig. It was incredible that the man
could sleep through such a racket in
a country where life and death may
hang upon the rustle of a leaf.

  But the silence remained unbroken,
and. after what seemed to the cower-
ing man an eternity of expectant
waiting, he crawled again to the wall
and glanced furtively into the interior.
The form by the fire was motionless
as before—it had not stirred.

  Then, as he looked, a ray of fire-
light fell upon the white label of the
black whisky bottle that lay an easy
arm’s reach from the head of the
sleeper. A smile of comprehension
twisted the lips of his evil face as he
leered through the crevice at the help-
less form by the fireside.

  “ Soused to the guards,” he sneered,
“ an' me with ten years scairt offen
my life fer fear I’d wake him.” He
stood erect and, with no attempt at
the stealth with which he had ap-
proached the shack, proceeded rapidly
in the direction of the stable.

  It was but the work of a few mo-
ments to bridle the horses, lead them
out. and hitch them to the sled.

  Tossing the horse - blankets on top
of the big tarpaulin which lay in the
rear of the sled-box ready for use in
the covering of supplies, he settled
himself in front and pulled the robes
about him.

  He turned the team slowly onto the
tote - road and glanced again toward
the shack. A spark, larger than the
others, shot out of the stoyepipe and
lodged upon the bark roof, where it
glowed for a moment before going
out. The man watched it in sudden
fascination.

  He halted the team and stared long
at the spot where the spark had van-
ished in blackness, but which in the
brain of the man appeared as an ever-

widening circle of red, which spread
until it included the whole roof in its
fiery embrace, and crept slowly down

the log walls.

  So realistic was the picture that he
seemed to hear the crackle and roar
of the leaping flames. He drew a
trembling hand across his eyes, and
when he looked again the shack stood
silent and black in the half light of
the starlit clearing.

  “God!” he mumbled aloud. “If
it had only happened thataway—”
He passed his tongue over his dry,
thick lips. “Why not?” he ar-
gued querulously. “ Moncrossen said
’twa’n’t safe to bushwhack him like I
wanted to—said how I ain’t got nerve
nor brains to stand no investigation.

  “But if he’d git burnt up in the
shack, that’s safer yet. He got that
booze somewhere — some one knows
he had it. He got spiflicated, built a
roarin’ fire in the old stove—an' there
y’are, plain as daylight. No brains!
I’ll show' him who’s got brains —
an’ there won't be no investigation,
neither.”

  He drew the team to the side oi
the tote-road and, slipping the halters
over the bridles, tied them to a stout
sapling and made his way toward the

shack.

  One look satisfied him that the
sleeper had not stirred, and noiseless-
ly he slipped the heavy hasp of the
door over the staple and secured it
with the wooden pin.

  He collected dry branches, piling
them directly beneath the small, square
window which yawned high in the
wall. Higher and higher the pile
grew until its top was almost on a
level with the sill.

  His hands trembled as he applied the
match. Tiny tongues of flame strug-
gled upward through the branches,
lengthening and widening as fresh
twigs ignited, and in his ears the
crackle and snap of the dry wood
sounded as the rattle of musketry.

  His first impulse as the flames gained
headway was to fly—to place distance
THE PROMISE.

669

between himself and the scene of his
crime. But he dared not go. His
knees shook, and he stared with
blanched face in horrid fascination as
the flames roared and crackled through
the brushwood.

  They were curling about the win-
dow now, and the whole clearing was
light as day. He slunk around the
corner and gained the shadow of the
opposite wall. Fearfully he applied
his eye to a crevice—the form by the
stove had not moved.

  The air of the interior was heavy
with smoke, and tiny flames were eat-
ing their way between the logs. The
smoke thickened, blurring and blotting
out the prostrate figure. He glanced
across at the window. Its aperture
was a solid sheet of flame — he was
safe!

  With a low, animal-like cry Creed
sprang away and dashed in the direc-
tion of the team. With shaking fin-
gers he clawed at the knots and slipped
the halters.

  Leaping into the sled, he grabbed
up the lines and headed the horses
southward at a run. Behind him the
sky reddened as the flames licked hun-
grily at the dry logs of the shack.

  “ It’s his own fault! It’s his own
fault!” he mumbled over and over
again. “ Serves him right fer gittin’
soused an’ buildin’ up a big fire in a
busted stove. ’Twasn’t no fault of
his that spark didn’t catch the roof.
Serves him right! Maybe it did catch
—maybe it did. ’Tain’t my fault no-
how — it must V caught — I seen it
thataway so plain! Oh, my God! Oh,
my God,” he babbled, “ if they git to
askin’ me!

    It was thisaway, mister; yes, sir;
listen: I was camped in the ravine,
an’ all to wunst I seen the flare of the
fire an’ I run over there; but ’twas too
late—the roof had fell in an' the pore
feller must V been cooked alive. It
was tumble, mister—tumble!

  “ An’ I run an’ hitched up the team
an’ druv to Hilarity hell bent fer a
potlatch—that’s the way of it—s’elp

me God it is! If yon don’t b’lieve it
ask Moncrossen — ask Moncrossen, I
mean, if he didn’t have no booze along

—	he must ‘a’ been drunk — an’ him
crippled thataway!

  “Oh, Lordy, Lordy! I ain’t sup-
posed to know it was the greener, let
alone he was crippled! I’m all mixed
up a'ready! They better not go askin’
me questions lessen they want to git
me hung — Goda’mi’ty! I’d ort to
done like Moncrossen said!”

  So he raved in a frenzy of terror
as the horses sped southward at a pace
that sent the steam rising in clouds
from their heaving sides.

  And under the big tarpaulin in the
rear of the sled-box the greener
grinned as he listened, and eyed the
gibbering man through a narrow slit
in the heavy canvas.

CHAPTER XXI.

Daddy Dunnigan.

IT was broad daylight when Creed
pulled the team up before a tum-
bled-down stable in the rear of one
of the outstraggling cabins at the end
of Hilarity's single street. Hastily he
unhitched and led the horses through
the door.

  As lie disappeared Bill slipped from
under the canvas and limped stiffly
around the corner of the stable, and
none too soon, for as Creed returned
to the sled for the oats and blankets
the cabin door opened, and a tall, an-
gular woman appeared, carrying an
empty water-pail.

  “ So ye’ve come back, hev ye ? ” she
inquired in a shrewish voice. “ Well,
ye’re jest in time to fetch the water
an’ wood. WTiere d’ye git that rig?'*
she added sharply, eying the sled.

  “ None o’ yer damn business! An’
you hurry up an' cook breakfast ag'in'
1 git back from Burrage’s, er I II rig
you! ”

  “ Yeh, is that so? Jest you lay a
finger on me, you damn timber-thiev-
in’ boot-legger, an’ I'll bust you one
660

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

over the head with the peaked end of
a flatiron! Where ye goin' ter hide
when the owner of them team comes
a huntin’ of ’em? Ha, ha. ha!

  “ Shet up! ” growled the man so
shortly that the woman, eying him
narrowly, turned toward the rickety
pump, which burbled and wheezed as
she worked the handle, filling the pail
in spasmodic splashes.

  “ One of Moncrossen’s teamsters
got burnt up in the shack at Melton's
No. 8, an’ I found the team in the
stable an’ druv ’em in,” he vouchsafed
as he brushed by the woman on his
way to the street. “ ’Twouldn’t look
right if I shet up about it; I’ll be back
when I tell Burrage."

  “ Fetch some bacon with ve,” called
the woman as she filled her dirty
apron with chips. She paused before
lifting the pail from the spout of the
wooden pump and gazed speculatively
at the tote-sled.

  “ He’s lyin’," she said aloud. “ He’s
up to some fresh devilment, an’ ’pears
like he’s scairt. Trouble with Creed
is. he ain’t got no nerve — he’s all
mouth. I sure was hard up fer a man
when I tuk him — but he treats me
middlin’ kind, an’ I’d kind of hate to
see him git caught — 'cause he ain’t
no good a liar, an’ a man anvways
smart’d mix him up in a minit.”

  She lifted the pail and pushed
through the door of the cabin.

  “ Nice people,” muttered Bill as he
cast about for an exit.

  Keeping the stable in line with the
window of the cabin, he made his
way through a litter of tin cans and
rubbish, gaining the shelter of the
scrub, where he bent a course parallel
with the street.

  He was stiff and sore from his
cramped position in the sled, and his
foot pained sharply. His progressi
was slow, and he paused to rest on
the edge of a small clearing, in the
center of which, well back from the
highway, stood a tiny cabin.

  In the doorway an old man, with a
short cutty - pipe between his lips,

leaned upon a crutch and surveyed the
sky with weatherwise eyes.

  Bill instantly recognized him as the
old man with the twisted leg who ten-
dered the well-meant advice upon the
night of his first arrival in the little
town, and his face reddened as he re-
membered the supercilious disregard
with which he had received it.

  For a moment he hesitated, then ad-
vanced toward the door. The old man
removed his cutty-pipe and regarded
him curiously.

  “Good morning!” called Bill with
just a shade of embarrassment.

  “Good marnin’ yersilf!” grinned
the other, a twinkle in his little eyes.

  “ May I ask where I will find a man
called Daddy Dunnigan?”

  “ In about foive minutes ye’ll foind
um atein’ breakfust wid a shtrappin’
young hearty wid a sore fut. Come
an in. Oi’m me own housekaper,
cook, an’ bottle-washer; but, av Oi do
say ut mesilf, Oi’ve seen wor-rse! ”
“.So you are Daddy Dunnigan?”
asked Bill as he gazed hungrily upon
the steaming saucers of oatmeal, the
sizzling ham, and the yellow globes of
fresh eggs fried “ sunny side up.”

  “ Ye’ll take a wee nip befoor ye
eat?” asked his host, reaching to the
chimney-shelf for a squat, black bottle.

  “ No, thanks,” smiled Bill. “ I don’t
use it.”

  “ Me, nayther,” replied the other
with a chuckle; “ Oi misuse ut.” and,
pouring himself a good half tin cup-
ful, swallowed it neat at a gulp.

  The meal over, the men lighted their
pipes, and Bill broached the object of
his visit. The old man listened and,
when Bill finished, spat reflectively
into the wood-box.

  “ So Buck Moncrossen sint ye afther
me, did he? ”

  ” Yes. He said you were a good
cook, and I can certainly bear him out
in that; but he said that you would
only work if you damn good and felt
like it, and if you didn’t you wouldn’t.”
The old man grinned.

  ” He’s roight agin, an’ Oi’Il be tell-
THE PROMISE.

661

in’ ye now Oi damn good an’ don’t
feel loike wor-rkin’ f’r Moncrossen,
th’ dirthy pirate, takin’ a man’s pay
wid wan hand an’ shtealin’ his timber
wid th’ other. He’d cut th’ throat
av his own mither f’r th’ price av
a dhrink.

  “ An’ did he sind ye down afoot an’
expict me to shtroll back wi’ ye, th’
both av us on crutches ? ”

  “ No, I have a team here,” laughed
Bill. “ They are in Creed’s stable.”

  “Creed’s!” The old man glanced
at him sharply. . “ Phwat ar-re they
doin’ at Creed’s? ”

  “Well, that is a long story; but it
sums up about like this: I see you
know Moncrossen — so do I. And
Moncrossen is afraid I will crab his
bird’s-eye game—and I will, too, when
the proper time comes.

  “ But he saw a chance to get rid of
me, so he sent me after you, probably
knowing that you would not come;
but it offered an excuse to get me
where he wanted me. Then he framed
it up with Creed to steal the team in
the night while I was camped at Mel-
ton’s No. 8, and leave me to die
bushed.

  “ I built a fire in the shack, ate my
supper, rigged up a dummy near the
fire, and then went out to the sled and
crawled under the tarp. After making
sure that I was asleep Creed stole the
team as per schedule, but he did not
stop at that. He decided to make
sure of me, so he locked the door on
the outside and fired the shack.

  “ I remained under the tarp, and as
Creed was going my way I let him do
the driving. While he put up the team
I slipped out the back way, and here
I am.”

  “ Th’ dirthy, murdherin’ hound!”
exclaimed the old man, chuckling and
weaving his body from side to side in
evident enjoyment of the tale.

  “ An’ phwat’ll ye do wid um now
ye’re here?” The old man sat erect
and stared into the face of his guest,
whose eyes had narrowed and whose
lips had curved into an icy smile.

  “ First, I’ll give him the damnedest
licking with my two fists that he ever
got in his life; then I’ll turn him over
to the authorities.”

  JDaddy Dunnigan leaned forward
and, laying a gnarled hand upon his
shoulder, shook him roughly in his
excitement:

  “ Yer nameb b’y? Phwat is yer
name?’" His voice quavered, and the
little eyes glittered between the red-
rimmed lids, bright as an eagle’s. The
younger man was astonished at his
excitement.

   “ Why, Bill,” he replied.

  “ Bill or Moike or Pat — wurrah !
Oi mane yer rale name — th’ whole
av ut ?”

  “ That I have not told. I am called
Bill.”

  “ Lord av hiven! I thocht ut th*
fir-rst toime Oi seen ye—but now!
Man ! B’y! Wrid thim eyes an’ that
shmile on yer face, d’ye think ye c’d
fool owld Daddy Dunnigan. that was
fir - rst corp’l t’rough two campaigns
an’ a scourge av peace f’r Captain
Fronte McKim?

  “ W’ho lucked afther um loike a
brother—an’ loved um more—an’ who
fought an’ swore an’ laughed an’
dhrank wid um t’rough all th’ plague-
ridden counthry from Kashmir to th’
say — an’ who wropped um in his
blanket f'r th’ lasht toime an’ helped
burn' um wid his eyes open—f’r he’d
wished ut so — on th’ long, brown
slope av a rock-pocked Punjab hill,
ranged round tin deep wid th’ dead
naygers av Hira Kal? ”

  Bill stared at the man wide-eyed.

  “Fronte McKim?” he cried.

  “ Aye, Fronte McKim! As sh’u’d "a’
been gineral av all Oirland, England,
an’ Injia. Av he’d ’a’ been let go he’d
licked th’ naygers fir-rst an’ diplomat-
ed phwhat was lift av um. He’d
made um shwim off th’ field to kape
from dhroundin’ in their own blood—
an’ kep’ ’em good aftherward wid th’
buckle ind av a surcingle.

  “ My toime was up phwin he was
kilt, an’ Oi quit. F’r Oi niver ’listed
*

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

662

to rot in barracks. Oi wint back to
Kerry an’ told his tnither, th’ pale.

sad Lady Constance—Cod rist her
sovvl;—that sint foor b'ys to th’ wars
that niver come back — an’ wud sint
foor more if she’d had ’em.

  “ She give me char-rge av th’ owld
eshtate, wid th' big house, an th' lawn
as wide an' as grane as th' angel pas-
tures av hiven—an’ little Eily—his
sisther—th’ purtiest gur-rl owld Oir-
land iver bred, who was niver tired
av listhenin’ to tales av her big brother.

  “ Oi shtayed till th’ Lady Constance
died, an' little Eily married a rich
man from Noo Yor-rk—Car-rson. or
mebv Carmen, his name was; an' he
carried her off to Amur-rica. Twas
not th’ same in Kerry afther that, an’
Oi shtrayed from th’ gold - camps av
Australia to th' woods av Canada."

  The far-away look that had crept
into the old man's eyes vanished, and
his voice became gruff and hard.

  “ Oi’ve hear-rd av yer doin’s in th’
timber—av yer killin' th’ werwolf in
th' midst av her pack—av yer lickin’
Moncrossen wid a Ink an’ a grin:—av
yer knockin’ out Shtromberg wid t’ree
blows av yer fisht.

  “ Ye might carry th’ name av a Noo
York money-grubber, but yer hear-rt
is th' hear-rt av a foightin’ McKim—
an’ yer eyes, an’ that smile—th’ Mc-
Kim smile—that's as much a laugh as
th' growl av a grizzly—an’ more dan-
gerous thin a cocked gun.”

  The old man paused and filled his
pipe, muttering and chuckling to him-
self. Bill grasped his hand, wringing
it in .a mighty grip.

  “ You have guessed it,” he said
huskily. “ My name does not matter.
I am a McKim. She was my mother
—Eily McKim—and she used to tell
me of my uncle—and of you.”

  “ Did she. now? Did she remember
me?” he exclaimed. “God bless th’
little gur-rl. An’ she is dead? ” Bill
nodded, and Daddv Dunnigan drew
a coarse sleeve across his eyes and
puffed hard at his short pipe.

  “ And will you go back with me

and work the rest of the winter for

Moncrossen ? ”

  The old man remained so long that
Bill thought he had not heard. He
was about to repeat the question when
the other laid a hand upon his knee.

  “ Oi don't have to wor-rk f'r no
man, an' Oi*U not wor-rk f'r Mon-
crossen. But Oi’d cross hell on thin
ice in July to folly a McKim wanst
more, an' if to do ut Oi must cook f'r
Appleton’s camp, thin so ut is. Git
ye some shleep now whilst Oi loaf
down to Burrage’s."

CHAPTER XXII.

Creed Sees a Ghost.

WHEN Bill awoke, yellow lamp-
light flooded the room and
Daddy Dunnigan was busy
about the stove, from the direction of

which came a cheerful sizzling and the
appetizing odor of frying meat and
strong coffee.

  For several minutes he lav in a de-
licious drowse, idly watching the old
man as he hobbled deftly from stove
to cupboard, and from cupboard to
table.

  So this was the man, he mused, of
whom his mother had so often spoken
when, as a little boy, he had listened
with bated breath to her tales of the
fighting McKims.

  He remembered how her soft eyes
would glow, and her lips curve with
pride as she recounted the deeds of
her warrior kin.

  But. most of all, she loved to tell of
Captain Fronte, the big. fighting,
devil-may-care brother who was her
childish idol; and of one, James Dun-
nigan, the corporal who had followed
Captain Fronte through all the wars,
and to v hose coolness and courage her
soldier brother owed his life on more
than one occasion, and whose devotion
and loyalty to the name of McKim was
a byword throughout the regiment,
and in Kerry.

  And now, thought Bill, that I have
THE PROMISE.

663

found him, I will never lose sight of
him. He needs some one to look after
him in his old age.

  Over the little flat-topped stove the
leathern old world-rover muttered and
chuckled to himself as he prodded a
fork into the browning pork-chops,
shooting now and then an affectionate
glance toward the bunk.

  “ Saints be praised! ” he muttered.
“ Oi’d av know’d um in hiven or hell,
or Hong-Kong. Captain Fronte’s own
silf, he is, as loike as two peas. An’
the age av Captain Fronte befure he
was kilt, phwin he was th’ besht offi-
cer in all th! British ar-rmy—or an-ny
ar-rmy.

  “ Him that c’d lay down th’ naygers
in windrows all day, an’ dhrink, an’
play car-rds, an’ make love all noight
—an’ at ’em agin in th’ marnin’! An’
now Oi’ve found um Oi’ll shtay by um
till wan av us burries th’ other. For
whilst a McKim roams th’ earth,
Tames Dunnigan’s place is to folly um.

  “ An’, Lord be praised, he’s a
foightin’ man — but a McKim that
don’t dhrink! Wurrah! Maybe he
wasn’t failin’ roight, or th’ liquor
didn’t look good enough fer um. Oi’ll
thry um agin.”

  Bill threw off the blankets and sat
upon the edge of the bunk.

  “ That grub smells good, Daddy,”
he sniffed.	*

  “ Aye, an’ ‘twill tashte good, too, av
ye fly at ut befure ut gits cold. Ye’ve
had shleep enough fer two min—Cap-
tain Fronte’d git along fer wakes at a
toime on foorty winks in th’ saddle.”
“ I am afraid I will have a hard time
living up to Captain Fronte’s stand-
ard," laughed Bill, as he adjusted his
bandages.

   “ Well, thin, Oi’ll tell yez th’ fir-rst
thing Captain Fronte’d done phwin
his two feet hit th’ flure: he’d roar fer
a dhrink av good liquor.

  " An’ thin he’d ate a dozen or two
av thim pork-chops, an’ wash ’em
down wid a gallon av black coffee—
an’ he’d be roight fer an-nything from
a carouse wid th’ brown dancin’

Nautch gir-rls, to a brush in th’ hills
wid their fightin’ brown brothers.

  “ Th’ liquor’s waitin’—ut moightn’t
be as good as ye’re used, but Oi’ve
seen Captain Fronte himself shmack
his lips over worse. An’ as fer th’ tin
cup—he’d dhrink from a batthered to-
maty can or a lady’s shlipper, an’ rasp
th dhregs from his t’roat wid a cur-rse
or a song, as besht fitted th’ toime or
th’ place he was in.”

  The old man began to pour out the
liquor: “Say phwin,” he cried, “an’
Oi’ve yit to see th’ McKim ’twud
hurry th’ wor-rd.”

  Bill crossed to the old man, who,
propped against the table, watched the
contents of the bottle gurgle and splash
into the huge tin cup, and laid a hand
upon his arm.

  “ That will do. Daddy,” he said.
The man ceased to pour and peered
inquisitively into the cup. “ ’Tain’t
half full yit! ” he protested, passing it
to Bill, who set it before him upon the
table, where the rich fumes reached his
nostrils as he spoke:

  “ This whisky,” he began, “ smells
good—plenty good enough for any
man. But, you don't seem to under-
stand. I don’t drink whisky — good
whisky, or bad whisky, or old whisky,
or new wrhisky, or red, white, and blue
whisky—or any other kind of booze.

  “ 1 have drunk it — bottles of it —
kegs of it—barrels of it, I suppose, for
I played the game from Harlem to the
Battery. And then I quit.”

  “ Ye ain’t tellin’ me ye're timper-
ence?” The old man inquired with
concern as he would have inquired
after an ailment.

  “ No; that is, if you mean am I one
of those who would vote the world so-
ber by prohibiting the sale of liquor.
It is a personal question which every
man must meet squarely—for himself
—not for his neighbor.

  “ I am not afraid of whisky. I am
not opposed to it, as an issue. In fact,
I respect it, for, personally, it has given
me one peach of a scrap—and we are
quits.”
664

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  The old man listened with interest.

  “ Ye c'n no more kape a McKim
from foightin’ thin ye c’n kape a da-
coit from stay 1 in," he chuckled. “ So
ye tur-rned in an’ give th' crayther
himsilf a toight—an* ye win ut? An*
phwat does th* gir-rl think av ut?

  “ What! "

  “ Th’ gir-rl. Is she proud av ye?
Or is she wan av thim that thinks ut
aisv to quit be just lavin’ ut alone?
For, sure, ut niver intered th’ head av
man — let alone a McKim, to tur-rn
ag in* liquor, lessen they was a gir-rl at
th’ bottom av ut.

  “ An’ phwin ar-re ye goin’ to be
marrit? For, av she’s proud av ye.
ve’ll marry her—but av she takes ut
as a mather av coorse—let some wan
ilse git stung."

  Bill regarded the old man sharply,
but in his bearing was no hint of jest-
ing nor raillery, and the little eyes
were serious.

  “ Yes, there was a girl,” said Bill
slowly; “ but she—she does not know.”

  “ So ye’ve had a scrap wid her, too!
But, teil me, ye didn't run away from
ut—ye’re goin’ back?” Bill made no
reply, and the old man conveyed the
food to the table, muttering to himself
the while:

  “ Sure they’s more foightin’ goin’
on thin Oi iver thought to see agin.
L~t ain’t rid war, but ut ain’t so
bad — werwolves, Moncrossen. booze.
Creed, a bit av a gir-rl somewheres,
Shtromberg — th’ wor-rld is growin’
bether afther all, an’ Oi'm goin’ to be
in th’ thick av ut! ”

  Supper over, Bill donned mackinaw,
cap, and mittens.

  “Phwere ye goin’?” asked Dunni-
gan.

  “ To find Creed.”

  ‘‘Wait a bit. ’tis early yit. In half
an hour he'll be clost around Bur-
rage s shtove, tellin’ th’ b’ys about th*
bur-rnt shack at Melton's.”

  Bill resumed his chair.

  “ Oi’ve been thinkin’ ut out,” con-
tinued Daddy between short puffs at
his cutty pipe. “Ye’ll have no fun

lickin' Creed—’tis shmall satisfaction
foightin' a man that won't foight back.
An-nyhow, a black eye or a bloody
no>e is soon minded. An’ av ye tur-rn
um over to th' authorities ye ain’t got
much on um, an' ye can't pr-rove
phwat ye have got.

  u But listen: Creed's a dhrivlin’ job-
bernowl that orders his comin’s be th'
hang av th' moon, an' his goin’s be th*
dhreams av his head. He thinks ye’re
dead. Now, av ye shtroll into Bur-
rages loike nothin’ out av th’ oordi-
nary has happened, he’ll think ye’re a
ghost—an’ th’ fear in his heart will
shtay by um.

  “ Oi’ll loaf down there now, same
as iverv noight. In about a half an
hour ye’ll come limpin’ in an’ ask fer
Dunnigan. an’ will he cook out th' say-
son fer Moncrossen? ’Twill be fun
to watch Creed. He'll be scairt shtiff
an’ white as a biled shirt, or he’ll melt
down an' dhribble out t’rough a crack
av th' flure."

  And so, a half-hour later. Bill Car-
mody for the second time pushed open
Hod Burrage’s door and made his way
to the stove.

  The scene in no wise differed from
the time of his previous visit. Slabs
of bacon still hung from the roof logs
beside the row of tin coffee-pots; the
sawdust-filled box was still the object
of intermittent bombardment by the
tobacco-chewers, the uncertainty of
whose aim was mutely attested by the
generous circumference of brown-
stained floor of which the box was the
center.

  Grouped about the stove, upon coun-
ter, barrel-head, and up-ended goods
box, were the same decaying remnants
of the moldering town’s vanishing
population.

  The thick, cloudy glass with its
sticky edges still circulated for the
common good, and above the heads of
the unkempt men the air reeked gray
with the fumes of rank tobacco.

  Only the man who entered had
changed. In his bearing was no hint
of superiority nor intolerance; he ad-
THE PROMISE.

665

vanced heartily, hailing these men as
equals and friends. Near the stove he
halted, leaning upon his crutch, and
swept the group with a glance.

  “Good evening! Do any one of
you men happen to be named Dunni-
gan ? ”

  From the moment the tap of Bill's
crutch sounded upon the wooden floor.
Creed, who had paused in the middle
of a sentence of his highly colored
narrative, stared at the newcomer as
one would ordinarily stare when a per-
son known to be dead casually steps
up and bids one good evening.

  His mouth did not open, his lower
jaw merely sagged away from his
face, exposing his tongue lying thick
and flabby upon yellow teeth. His
out-bulging eyes fixed the features of
the man before him with a glassy, un-
winking stare, like the stare of a fish.

  Into his brain, at first, came no
thought at all; merely a dumb sense
of unreasoning terror under which his
muscles went flaccid, and out of con-
trol. so that his body shrank limp and
heavy against its backing of bolt-
goods.

  Then, suddenly a rush of thoughts
crowded his brain, tangled thoughts,
and weird—of deep significance, but
without sequence nor reason.

  What had they told of this man in
the woods? How he had battled hand
to claw with the werwolf and re-
ceived no hurt. How he had cowed
the boss with a look, and laid the
mighty Stromberg cold in the batting
of an eye.

  He himself had, but twenty hours
since, seen this man lying helpless upon
the floor of a locked shack, ringed
round with roaring flames, bej'ond any
human possibility of escape.

  And here he stood, crippled beyond
peradventure of trail-travel, yet fresh
and unfatigued, forty miles from the
scene of his burning! A thin trickle
of ice crept downward along his spine
and, overmastering all other emotions,
came the desire to be elsewhere.

  He slid from the counter and. as his

feet touched the floor, his knees crum-
pled and he sprawled his length almost
at the feet of the man who could not
die.

  As a matter of fact, Creed aged ma-
terially during his journey to the door,
but to the onlookers his exit seemed a
miracle of frantic haste as he clawed
and scrambled the length of the room
on hands and knees in a maudlin panic
of terror.

  And out into the night, as he ran in
the first direction he faced, the upper-
most thought in his mind was a blind
rage against Moncrossen.

  The boss himself was afraid of this
man, yet he had sent him. Creed, to
make away with him—alone—in the
night! The quavering breath left his
throat in long moans as he ran on and
on and on.

  “Your friend seems to have been
in something of a hurry,’’ ventured
Bill, as Burrage gave a final twist to
the old newspaper in which he was
wrapping Fallon’s jug.

  The storekeeper regarded his cus-
tomer quizzically and spat with sur-
prising accuracy into the box.

  “ Yes.” he replied dryly, “ Creed,
he’s mostly in a hurry when thev’s
strangers about. But to-night he
seemed right down anxious thataway.”

CHAPTER XXIII.
Head-Lines.

THE brute in Moncrossen held sub-
servient the more human emo-
tions, else he must surely have
betrayed his surprise when, twelve
hours ahead of schedule, the greener
swung the long-geared tote-team to a
stand in front of the office door.

  Not only had he made the trip with-
out mishap, but accomplished the seem-
ingly impossible in persuading Daddy
Dunnigan to cook for a log camp,
when in all reason the old man should
have scorned the proposition in a tor-
rent of Irish profanity.

  Moncrossen dealt only in facts.
666

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

Speculation as to cause and effect
found no place in his mental economy.
His plan had miscarried. For that
Creed must answer later. The fact
that concerned him now was that the
greener continued to be a menace to his
scheme.

  Had Creed in some manner bungled
the job? Or had he passed it up? He
must find out how much the greener
knew. The boss guessed that if the
other had unearthed the plot, he would
force an immediate crisis.

  And so he watched narrowly, but
with apparent unconcern, while Bill
climbed from the sled, followed by
Daddy Dunnigan. In the hard-packed
snow‘of the clearing the two big men
faced each other, and the expression of
each was a perfect mask to his true
emotions.

  But the greener knew that the boss
was masking, while Moncrossen ac-
cepted the other’s guileless expression
at its face value, and his pendulous lips
widened into a grin of genuine relief
as he greeted the arrivals.

  ‘‘Hullo! You back a'readv? Hullo,
Dunnigan! I’m sure glad you come;
we'll have some real grub fer a change.

  “Hey, LaFranz!” he called to the
passing Frenchman. “ Put up this
team an’ pack the gear to the bunk-
house.”

  As the man drove away in the direc-
tion of the stable. Moncrossen regard-
ed the others largely.

  “ Come on in an’ have a drink,
hoys.” he invited, throwing wide the
door. “How’s the foot?”

   “ Better.” replied Bill. “ It will be
as good as ever in a week.”

   “ I’m glad of that, ’cause I sure am
cramped fer hands. I’ll let Fallon
break you into sawiiv an’ put Strom-
berg to teamin’; he’s too pot-gutted fer
a sawyer.”

  Moncrossen produced a bottle as the
others seated themselves.

  “What—don’t drink?” he ex-
claimed. as Bill passed the bottle to
Dunnigan. “That’s so; b’lieve I did
hear some one say you didn’t use no

booze. -Well, every man to his own
likin\ Me—about three good, stiff
jolts a day, an’ a big drunk in the
spring an’ fall, is about my gait. Have
u seegar.”. Bill accepted the proffered
weed and bit off the end.

  “How!” he said, with a short
sweep of the arm; then, scratching a
match on the rung of his chair, lighted
the unsavory stogie.

  Thus each man took measure of the
other, and Daddy Dunnigan tilted the
bottle and drank deep, the while he
took shrewd measure of both.

   It was in the early afternoon of the
following day that Bill Carmody
tossed aside his magazine and yawned
drowsily. Alone in the bunk-house,
his glance roved idly over the room,
with its tiers of empty bunks and racks
of drying garments.

  It rested for a moment upon his
bandaged foot propped comfortably
upon Fallon’s bunk, directly beneath
his own. and strayed to the floor where
just under its edge, still wrapped in the
soiled newspaper, sat the gallon jug
that Fallon suggested in case the
greener saw fit to heed his warning.

   Bill smiled dreamily. Lmconscious-
lv his lips spelled out the words of a
liead-lines that stared at him from the
rounded surface of the jug:

POPULAR MEMBERS OF NEW YORK’S
FOUR HUNDRED TO WED.

  “Wonder who?” thought Bill.
Reaching for his crutch, he slipped the
end through the handle of the jug and
drew it toward him. He raised it to
his lap and the words of the succeeding
line struck upon his brain like an elec-
tric shock:

   Engagement of Miss Ethel Manton and

   Gregory St. Ledger Soon to be Announced.

   Feverishly his eyes devoured the fol-
lowing lines of the extended heading:

Time of Wedding Not Set. Will Not Take Place

    Immediately, 'Tis Said. Prospective Bridegroom

    to Sail for Europe in Spring.
THE PROMISE.

667

  And then the two lines of the story
that appeared at the very bottom,
where the paper folded under the edge
of the jug:

  New York, February I. (Special to
Tribune).—As a distinct surprise in elite
circles will come the announcement of the
engage

  He tilted the jug in frenzied eager-
ness to absorb every detail of the bitter
news, and was confronted by the
rough, stone bottom which had worn
through the covering, leaving mangled
shreds of paper, whose rolled and
mutilated edges were undecipherable.

  Vainly he tried to restore the tat-
tered remnants, but soon abandoned
the hopeless task and sat staring at the
head-lines.

  Over and over again he read them
as if to grasp their significance, and
then, with a full realization of their
import, he closed his eyes and sat long
amid the crumbled ruin of his hopes.

  For he had hoped. In spite of the
scorn in her voice as she dismissed
him. and the bitter resentment of his
own parting words, he loved her; and
upon the foundation of this love he had
builded the hope of its fulfilment.

  A hope that one day he would return
to her, clean and strong in the strength
of achievement, and that his great pas-
sion would beat down the barrier and
he would claim her as of right.

  Suddenly he realized that as much
as upon the solid foundation of his
own great love, the hope depended up-
on the false substructure of her love
for him.

  And the false substructure had
crumbled at the test. She loved an-
other ; had suddenly become as unat-
tainable as the stars—and was lost to
him forever.

  The discovery brought no poignant
pain, no stabbing agony of a fresh
heart-wound; but worse—the dull,
deep, soul-hurt of annihilation; the
hurt that damns men’s lives.

  He smiled with bitter cynicism as
his thoughts dwelt upon the little love

  of women, the shifting love, that rests
but lightly on the heart, to change with
the changing moon. And upon the
constancy of such love he had dared to
build his future!

  “ Fool! ” he cried, and laughed
aloud, a short, hard laugh—the laugh
that makes God frown. From the
water-pail at his side he drew the
long-handled dipper and removed the
cork from the jug and tilted the jug.
and watched the red liquor splash
noisily from its wide mouth.

  From that moment he would play a
man’s game; would smash Moncrossen
and his bird’s-eye men; would learn
logs and run camps, and among the big
men of the rough places would win to
the fore by the very force and abandon
of him.

  Pie had beaten the whisky game;
had demonstrated his ability to best
John Barleycorn on his own terms and
in his own fastnesses.

  And now he would drink whisky—
much whisky or little whisky as he
saw fit, for there was none to gainsay
him—and in his life henceforth no
woman could cause him pain.

  He raised the dipper to his lips, and
the next instant it rang upon the floor,
and over the whole front of him
splashed the raw liquor, and in his
nostrils was the fume and reek of it.

  Unmindful of his injury, he leaped
to his feet and turned to face Daddy
Dunnigan, who was returning his
crutch to his armpit.

  “ Toimes Oi've yanked Captain
Fronte from th’ road av harm,”’ the
old man was saying, and the red-
rimmed, rheumy eyes shone bright;
“ wanst from in front av a char-rge
av the hillmen an’ wanst beyant Khy-
bar. But Oi’m thinkin’ niver befoor
was Oi closter to th* roight place at th’
roight toime thin a minit agone.

  “ Whisky is made to be dhrank fer a
pastime av enj’ymint—not alone—wid
a laugh loike that. Ye’ve got th’
crayther on th’ run, but ye must give
no quarter. Battles is won not in th’
thruse, but in th' foightin’.
668	ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  41 No McKim iver yit raised th'
white flag, an’ none iver died wid his
back to th' front. Set ye down, lad,
an’ think it over.”

  He finished speaking and hobbled
toward the door, and, passing out,
closed the door behind him. Alone in
the bunk-house Bill Carmody turned
again ro the jug and fitted the cork to
its mouth, and with his crutch pushed
it under the edge of Fallon's bunk.

  Hours later, when the men stamped
in noisily to the wash-bench, he was
sitting there in the dark—thinking.

  The results of Daddy Dunnigan’s
cooking were soon evident in the
Blood River camp. Men no longer
returned to the bunk-house growling
and cursing the grub, and Moncrossen
noted with satisfaction that the daily
cut was steadily climbing toward the
eighty-thousand mark.

The boss added a substantial bonus
for each day's “ top cut,” and in the
lengthening days an intense rivalry
sprang up between the sawyers; not
infrequently Bill and Fallon were “ in
on the money.”

  It was nearly two weeks after the
incident, that Creed came to Mon-
crossen with his own story of what
happened that night at Melton’s No.
S. and the boss knew that he lied.

  As they talked.in the little office the
greener. accompanied by Fallon
passed close to the window.

  At the sight of the man the spot-
ter’s face became pasty, and he shrank
trembling and wide-eyed, as from the
sight of a ghost, and Moncrossen
knew that his abject terror was not
engendered by physical fear.

  He flew into a rage, cursing and
bullying the craven, but failed utterly
to dispel the unwholesome fear or to
shake the other’s repeated statement
that at a few minues past ten o'clock
that night he had seen the greener
lying hopelessly drunk upon the floor
of the shack with the flames roaring
about him, and at six ’clock the next
evening had seen him hobble into Bur-

  rage’s store, forty miles to the south-
ward, fresh and apparently unharmed

save for his injured foot.

  Moncrossen*s hatred of the greener
rested primarily upon the fear that
one day he would expose him to
Appleton; added to this was a mighty
jealousy of his rapid rise to proficiency
and the rankling memory of the scene
of their first meeting in the grub shack.

  But his fear of him was a physical
fear—a fear born of the certain knowl-
edge that, measured by his own stand-
ards, the greener was the better man.

  And now came the perplexing ques-
tion as to how the man had reached
Hilarity when Creed was known to
have arrived there with the team eight
hours after the burning of the shack.

  The boss had carefully verified so
much of Creed’s story by a guarded
pumping- of Dunnigan, and the crafty
old Irishman took keen delight in so
wording his answers, and interspersing
them with knowing winks and quirks
of the head, as to add nothing to the
boss’s peace of mind.

  While not sharing Creed’s belief in
the greener’s possession of uncanny
powers, nevertheless he knew that,
whatever happened that night, the
greener knew more than he chose to
tell, and as his apprehension deepened
his rage increased.

  Hate smoldered in the swinish eyes
as, in the seclusion of the office, he
glowered and planned and rumbled his
throaty threats.

  “ The drive,” he muttered. “ My
Bucko Bill, you’re right now picked
for the drive, an’ I'll see to it myself
that you git yourn in the river.”

CHAPTER XXIV.
The Log Jam.

THE feel of spring filled the air;
the sun swung higher and higher ;
and the snow turned dark and
lay soggy with water. With the in-
creasing warmth of the longer days,
men’s thoughts turned to the drive.
TPIE PROMISE.

669

  They talked of water-front streets,
with their calk-riddled plank sidewalks
and low-fronted bars; of squalid back
wine-rooms, where for a week they
would be allowed to bask, sodden, in
the smiles of the painted women—
then, drugged, beaten and robbed,
would wake up in a filthy alley and
hunt up a job in the mills.

  It was all in a lifetime, this annual
spring debauch. The men accepted it
as part of the ordered routine of their
lives; accepted it without shame or
regret, boasting and laughing unblush-
ingly over past episodes — facing the
future gladly and without disgust.

  “ You mind Jake Sonto’s place,
where big Myrtle hangs out? They
frisked Joe Manning fer sixty bucks
last year. I seen 'em do it. What!
Me? I was too sleepy to give a cuss—
they got mine, too.”

  And so the talk drifted among them.
Revolting details of abysmal man-fail-
ings, brutal reminiscences of knock-out
drops, robbery, and even murder, fur-
nished the themes for jest and gibe
which drew forth roars of laughter.

  And none sought to avoid the inevi-
table; rather, they looked forward to it
in brutish anticipation, accepting it as
a matter of course.

  For so had lumber-jacks been
drugged, beaten and robbed since the
first pine fell—and so will they con-
tinue to be drugged, beaten and robbed
until the last log is jerked, dripping,
from the river and the last white board
is sawed.

  On the night of the 8th of April
the cut was complete, and on the morn-
ing of the 9th ten million feet of logs
towered on the rolhvays along the
river, ready for the breaking up of the
ice.

  Stromberg had banked the bird’s-
eye to his own satisfaction, and Mon-
crossen selected his crew for the
drive—white-water men, whose boast
it was that they never had walked a
foot from the timber to the mills;
bateau men, who laughed in the face
of death as they swarmed over a jam;

key-log men, who scorned dynamite;
bend watchers, whose duty it is to
stay awake through the long, warm
days and prevent the formation of
jams as the drive shoots by—each se-
lected with an eye to previous expe-
rience and physical fitness.

  For, among all occupations of men.
log driving stands unique for its hard-
ships of peril, discomfort, and bone-
racking toil.

  From the breaking out of the roll-
ways until the last log slips smoothly
into its place in the boom-raft. no
man’s life is safe.

  Yet men fight for a place on the
drive—for the privilege of being
soaked to the bone for days at a time
in ice-cold water; of being crushed to
a pulp between grinding logs; of being
drowned in white-water rapids, where
a man must stand, his log moving at
the speed of an express train, time
and again shooting half out of water
to meet the spray of the next rock-
tossed wave; of making hair-trigger
decisions, when an instant's hesitation
means death, as his log rushes under
the low-hanging branches of a
“ sweeper."

  For pure love of adventure they
fight—and that a few more dollars
may find their way into the tills of
the Jake Sontos, of the water-front
dives. For among these men the bait-
ing of death is the excitement of life,
and their pleasures are the savage
pleasures of firstlings.

  Those who were not of the drive
were handed their vouchers and
hauled to Hilarity, while those who re-
mained busied themselves in the pack-
ing and storing of gear; for, in the
fall, the crew would return to renew
the attack on the timber.

  Followed, then, days of waiting.

  The two bateaus—the cook’s bateau,
with its camp stove and store of sup-
plies; and the big bateau, with its
thousand feet of inch and a half
manila line coiled for instant use,
whose thick, flaring sides and floor of
selected timber, were built to over-
670

all-story weekly.

ride the shock and battering of a thou-
sand pitching logs—were carried to
the bank ready for launching.

  The sodden snow settled heavily,

and around the base of stumps and
tl\e trunks of standing trees, appeared
rings of bare ground, while the course
of the skidwavs and cross-hauls stood
out sharp and black, like great veins
in the clearing.

  Each sag and depression became a
pond, and countless rills and rivulets
gurgled riverward. bank full with
sparkling snow-water.

  Over the frozen surface of the river
it flowed and wore at the shore-bound
ice-floor. And then, one night, the ice
went out.

  Titanically it went, and noisily, with
the crash and grind of broken cakes;
and in the morning the river rushed
black, and deep, and swollen, its
roiled waters tearing sullenly at crum-
bling banks, while upon its muddy
surface heaved belated ice-cakes and
uprooted trees.

  At daylight men crowded the bank,
the bend watchers strung out and
took up their positions, and white
water men stood by with sharp axes
to break out the roll ways.

  The first roll way broke badly.

  A thick-butted log slanted and met
the others head-on as they thundered
down the bank, tossing them high in
the air whence they fell splashing into
the river, or crashed backward
among the tumbling logs, upending,
and hurling them about like jack-
straws.

  The air was filled with the heavy
rumble of rolling logs as other roll-
way s tore loose at the swift blows of
the axes, where, at the crack of tog-
gle-pins, men leaped from in front of
the rolling, crushing death; and the
surface of the river became black with
bucking, pitching logs which shot to
the opposite bank.

  Coincident with the snapping of the
first toggle-pin, the branches of a
gigantic, storm-blasted pine, whose
earth-laded butt dragged heavily along

the bottom of the river, became firmly
entangled in the low-hanging limbs

of a sweeper, and swung sluggishly
across the current.

   Against this obstruction crashed the
leaping, upending logs of the wrecked
rollway. Other logs swept in and
wedged, forcing the heavy butt and
the riven trunk of the huge tree firmly
against the rocks at the head of the
rapid.

  Roll way after roll way tore loose
and the released logs, swept down-
ward by the resistless push of the cur-
rent, climbed one upon another and
lodged. Higher and higher the jam
towered, the interlocking logs piling
in hopeless tangle.

  Moncrossen was beside himself.
Up and down the bank he rushed, bel-
lowing orders and hurling curses at
the men who, gripping their peaveys,
swarmed over the heaving jam like
flies.

  The bateau men. forty of them,
lifted the heavy boat bodily, and
working it out to the very forefront
of the jam. lowered it into the water,
while other men made the heavy cable
fast to the trunk of a tree. Close
under the towering pile the bateau
was snubbed with a short, light line,
and the men clambered shoreward,
leaving only Moncrossen, Stromberg,
Fallon, and one other to search for the
key-log.

  It was a comparatively simple jam.
the key to which was instantly ap-
parent to the experienced rivermen,
in two large logs wedged in the form
of an inverted V. The quick twist
of a peavey inserted at the vertex of
the angle, and the drive should move.

  Fallon and Stromberg, past masters
both of the drive, made ready while
the other stood by to cast off the light
line and allow' the bateau to swing free
on the main cable.

  Moncrossen clambered to the top to
shout warning to those who swarmed
over the body of the jam and along
the edges of the river.

  At ihe first bellowed orders of the
THE PROMISE.

671

boss. Bill Carmody had leaped onto
the heaving jam and, following in the
wake of others, began picking his way
to the opposite shore.

  New to the game, he had no definite
idea of what was expected of him,
so, with an eye upon those nearest
him. he determined to follow their
example.

  To watch from the bank and see
men whose boast it is that they “ c’d
ride a bubble if their calks wouldn’t
prick it,” leap lightly from log to roll-
ing log; hesitate, run its length and
leap to another as it sinks under them,
nothing looks simpler.

  But the greener who confidently
tries it for the first time instantly
finds himself in a position uncomfort-
ably precarious, if not actually dan-
gerous.

  Bill found, to his disgust, that the
others had gained the opposite bank
before he had reached the middle,
where he paused, balancing uncer-
tainly, and hesitating whether to go
ahead or return.

  The log upon which he stood oscil-
lated dizzily and as he sprang for an-
other, his foot slipped and he fell
heavily, his peavey clattering down-
ward among the promiscuously tangled
logs, to come to rest some six
feet beneath him, where the white
water curled foaming among the logs
of the lower tier.

  Bill glanced hastily about him, ex-
pecting the shouts of laughter and
good-natured chaffing which is the in-
evitable aftermath of the clumsy mis-
adventure of a rivernian. The bateau
men were just gaining the shore and
the attention of the others was en-
gaged elsewhere, so that none noticed
the accident, and, with a grin of re-
lief, Bill clambered down to recover
his peavey.

  And Moncrossen, peering over the
top of the jam, took in the situation
at a glance—the river apparently clear
of men, and the greener, invisible to
those on shore, crawling about among
the logs in the center of the pile.

  It was the moment for which he
had waited. Even the most careful
planning could not have created a
situation more to his liking. At last
the greener was “ his.”

  “There she goes!" he roared, and
turning, slid hastily from the top and
leaped into the waiting bateau.

  “ Let ’er go! ” he shouted.

  Fallon and Stromberg leaped for-
ward and simultaneously their peaveys
bit into the smaller of the two key-
logs.

  Both big men heaved and strained,
once, twice, thrice, and the log turned
slowly, allowing the end of the other
to pass.

  The logs trembled for an instant,
then, forced by the enormous weight
behind them, shot sidewise, crossed
each other, and pressed the tree-trunk
deep under the boiling water.

  A mighty quiver ran through the
whole mass of the jam. it balanced
for a shuddering instant, then with a
mighty rush, let go.

  Over the side of the bateau tumbled
Fallon and Stromberg, sprawling on
the bottom at the feet of the boss,
while the man in the bow cast off
the light line.

  The next instant the heavy boat
leaped clear of the water, overriding,
climbing to the very summit of the
pounding, plunging logs which threat-
ened each moment to crush and batter
through her sides and bottom.

  The strong, new line was singing
taut to the pull of the heavy bateau
which was being gradually crowded
shoreward by the sweep of the down-
rushing logs.

  Suddenly a mighty shout went up
from those on the bank. The men in
the bateau looked, and there, almost
in the middle of the stream, was the
greener leaping from log to log of the
wildly pitching jam.

  They stared horror-stricken, with
tense, blanched faces. Each instant
seemed as if it must be his last, for
they knew that no man alive could
hope to keep his feet in the mad rush
all-story weekly.

672

and sweep of the tumbling, tossing
drive.

  Yet the greener was keeping his
feet. Time and again he recovered
his balance when death seemed immi-
nent, and amid wild shouts and yells
of encouragement, climbing, leaping,
running, stumbling, he worked his
way shoreward.

  He was almost opposite the bateau
now, and Stromberg, hastily coiling
the light line, leaped into the bow.
Then, just when it seemed possible

that the greener might make it, a huge
log shot upward from the depths and
fell with a crash squarely across the

log upon which he was riding.

  A cry of horror went up from half
a hundred throats as the man was
thrown high into the air and fell back
into the foaming white water that
showed here and there through the
thinning tangle of logs.

  The next instant a hundred logs
passed over the spot, drawn down by
the suck of the rapid.

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK. Don't forget this magazine is i»su«d weekly, and that
you will get the continuation of this story without waiting a month.

e Moll
jyizzer

H ’Samuel J. Lewis

IHE Monday morning horde
of women milled and vol-
leyed around the bargain
square in the sub-basement
of the People's Emporium.

  Above the eager heads
and flopping hats of those
nearest the firing line, signs lured and
beckoned those back in the ruck of the
bargain-hunting army.

  “ Was 75c.—Now 25c.”

  “ Worth $1.00—Choice 19c.”

  True, half the shoppers in the rear
guard did not know what it was all
about; but clearly it was worth risking
an eye, an ear, or a switch to learn.

  Probably shirt-waist transparencies
were on display; it might be new-fan-
gled mouse-traps, or bed, dresser, or

corset-covers. But the printed coun-
ter-tags called and urged as would an
enemy s battle-flags, and the assault
flowed, was repulsed, ebbed, and flowed

again.

  In the trenches within the square,
flushed and perspiring girls poised
their pencils like bayonets, valiantly
withstanding each attack.

 Some went down, crushed and
breathless, before carefully planned
sorties; only to spring back to the fray
with challenging shrieks of—“ Two
for you. lady? ’’ “ Cash or charge? ”
and " Bought by self?”

  One militant eagle, goaded by hope-
less desperation, pummeled an ob-
structing wren who blocked the path
to victory.
THE MOLL BUZZER.

673

  The eagle struck with heavy shop-
ping-bag, but the wren retaliated with
an elbow thrust straight at the eagle’s
jugular.

  The eyes of another quick-saler sud-
denly flamed with battle’s lurid light.
.With a screaming babe held high
above her head as though she were
about to hurl a deadly hand-grenade,
she executed a brilliant forward pass,
crying:

  "Take your kid, Annie; I want
some myself!” and, empty handed,
surged into the midst of the awful riot.

  Floor-walkers skirted the crowd,
harrying and jeering the buyers on to
fresh atrocities against the weary
trench-holders. Cash-girls, hair fly-
ing, eyes staring, weaved and threaded
and catapulted like powder monkeys,
saucing here, scratching there, and bit-
ing yonder.

  Finally, when a grim-visaged pa-
triot seized a garment and waved it
aloft as a banner of defiance, only to
see a sleeve torn from it by one of the
defied, a floor-walker remarked to a
companion in crime:

  “ It’s a great day for the Empori-
um ! ” And it was.

  Also a great day for Moll Hencher.

  Moll fluttered and pecked through
the crowd like a small and scrawny
mother hen, much to the sniffing and
sometimes more vociferous and ribald
disgust of the women. For Moll was
a man — a short, squat, oily, sallow-
faced, derby-hatted and coat-buttoned
individual, but a man nevertheless.

  And, pray, what was a man — and
especially one with a dinky market-
basket on his arm—doing in a place
where chemises, hosiery, garters or
other unmentionables and unnoticea-
bles might be on exhibition and sale?

  But Moll assailed with the fiercest,
advanced with the bravest, crawled
and squirmed forward with the
sneakiest.

  It was too much. The women al-
most gave up browbreating the sales-
ladies to tongue-lash his cringing male
anatomy.

     7 A-s

  “ My pocketbook! It’s gone! You
—you wretch—you've got it! ”

  The cry of a female in distress
echoed through Emporium aisles. A
gaunt arm flipped above the heads, and
an open shopping bag, hairpins, pow-
der rag and handkerchief flying,
plopped down on the Moll’s derby,
denting and crushing it until his ears
stood at right-angles with his skull.

  “ My pocketbook! Give it up, thief!
I felt him jerk my bag! Take that—
and that! Police! Don't let him get
away! ”

  The words and blows engulfed Hen-
cher as a verb-avalanche and fist-
tornado combined.

  He expostulated, fumed and denied
while he struggled in the grip of bony
but strong fingers. He looked fur-
tively around for a chance of flight, as
other women, snatching anxiously at
their own belongings, drew back in
dismay.

  Floor walkers, cash girls, and the
more intrepid of the passers through
other aisles closed in. The looted lady
again blew up with a loud report.

  “ He has my purse — the skinny
wretch ! Red outside, black inside ”—
she was telling of her pocketbook, not
the Moll, although the description
would have fitted either—" and it had
five dollars and eighty cents! ”

 “ Are you sure of your man,
madam?”

  The voice was impressive, and the
question came in solemn and judicial
manner from a tall, sleek, flashily at-
tired man who had been halted on his
walk through an adjacent aisle by the
first cry.

  He had pushed through and taken a
place at the right of Hencher — be-
tween that gentleman and the bargain
shambles. As he put his query he
twisted a heavy watch chain with one
hand and oratorically waved another
on which a great diamond sparkled
imposingly.

  “ Yes, are you quite certain? ’’ peev-
ishly asked a floor walker, showing in
his tone that he was not vastly in love
674

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

with this diversion in Emporium fes-
tivities.

  “Sure? Of course I am!" splut-
tered the exasperated lady. “ Fools!
Don’t I know when my pocketbook's
gone? I felt his skinny hand. He’s
got it! Search him—go through the
beast! "

  “ But he looks like a nice home-
body,” insisted the prosperous stran-
ger, his black mustache raising and
parting in a placating smile. “ A reg-
ular Mr. Gentleman Flat-Dweller out
shopping for the good wife.”

  “ All bosh! That silly basket—more
bosh! What’s a man doing here, any-
way?” She eyed the Moll’s defender
belligerently. “ Search him! ”

  Hencher gulped and wheezed as if
about to enter a few remarks in his
own behalf, when the stranger, still
sitting in judgment, interrupted:

  “ Well, madam; if you’re so sure of
your ground, will you please pass upon
the ownership of that red purse—on
the counter, there—among those—er
—those goods? ”

  “ Mine! ” exclaimed the shopper,
grabbing the article from where it was
partially hidden and quickly assuring
herself that the five dollars and eighty
cents was undiminished. “ But I felt
that fellow crowd me. He tugged at
my bag, too. What’s a man doing here,
I d like to know? Serves him right.
Skinny men! Pooh ! ”

  The maddened bargain - hunters
closed in; the floor walkers were
hustled away; the bayonet wielders,
again on the defensive, parried and
thrust and stabbed, and Moll Hencher,
basket on arm and crestfallen derby
on ears, ambled miserably down an
aisle, with the elegant stranger as pilot
and preacher.

  “ You, Dave Hencher! Still a moll-
buzzer. I see! ”

  “ Well, Platt, what’s a gink to do?
You gotta get along,” whined the
Moll, hands deep in pockets and basket
trailing like some new style of wicker-
bustle. “ I gotta live, ain’t I?”

   “ That’s obvious.” sneered his critic.

“ But this time you came close to living
off the State for a while. However, I
see you recognized me.”

  “ Reco’nize you? I’d reco’nize you
in—well, in hotter places than a moll-
rush to a bargain-counter. Mow’d y’
turn the trick, Platt? I thought I was
gone up th’ river—me again fer stir! ”
“ I just fell back on the old stuff,”
explained Platt, smiling over his own
accomplishment and the unspoken
praise in the Moll’s words. “ I hap-
pened to be in the store on business
with one of the department heads. T
heard the baying of the hounds and
recognized you as the one up the tree.

  “ I took the leather—you still call
them leathers, don’t you?—from your
coat-pocket and slipped it onto the
counter, just like that. But you—still
a moll-buzzer. after fifteen years! Still
preying on women! The lowest of
thieves! Why don't you try second-
story work, stealing door-mats — or
something dignified ? ”

  “Yes, still a moll-buzzer!” blurted
Hencher. “ Tell me what else I c’d
do, will you? Ain’t the bulls all hep
t’ me? Ain’t it * move on ’ all th’ time?
Get away f’om here an’ hot-foot f’om
there? Ain’t it once a dip alius a dip
with th’ bulls, an’ ain’t a moll-buzzer,
just ’cause he frisks women’s hand-
bags an' pockets, trun out by th' crooks
an’ yeggs who t'ink they’re a bit
higher? ”

  “ Oh, I knew the gang wouldn’t
have much use for one of your kind,”
assured Platt, “ but I didn’t know the
police were barking so close to your
heels. Have you done your time?”

  “ Barkin’ is good, but bitin’ would
be better,” wrailed the Moll, bringing
lip on a corner when it seemed that his
benefactor had gone about as far as he
cared to with one so notorious. “ Meb-
be not in this town tlv bulls ain’t so
keen on me, but in other places—gee!
An' certain I’ve done my bit. Twro
years—five years.”

  Then, as if comparisons might help
his w eak case: “ But you’ve done a
stint 'r two yerself.”
THE MOLL BUZZER.

676

  " Only one, Dave; let me correct
you," protested Platt, grinning in an
indulgent and superior way, and sizing
up Hencher’s shabby and shiny suit,
which did not bear close inspection, al-
though at a distance he might have
passed for the loving husband and
father out to pick up a week’s bargains
in groceries.

  “ That was the only time, Dave—
the one you helped me out of,” he con-
tinued. “ And it was because of your
aid on that occasion that I took a
chance and helped you this morning.
But I must be moving, Dave. Due at
the office, you know.”

  “Wait a minute, Platt—just a min-
ute,” pleaded the Moll, practically un-
screwing the derby in his efforts to get
it off and fashion it into a less maudlin
shape. “ Gimme a tip, old scout.
What’s yer lay now? Y’ look some
genteel fer fair. Iron lid, tin shirt,
b'iled vest, spitty-spats an’ shiner
shoes. My-o, Platt! Wise me up!”

  “ It isn’t a line, Dave,” answered
Platt, pausing and turning back. “ At
least no line that you would know any-
thing about. I simply branched off the
old road. For fifteen years I’ve been
decent and honest, dealing with decent
and honest folk. It was a new and
thick leaf I turned over. I'd advise
you to do the same. A home and wife
and children on one side, Dave. On
the other — well, there’s stir and the
long time. Think it over.”

  “ Huh! A swell chance I'd have,
Platt, with th’ bulls gorin’ me on one
side an th’ gang harpoonin’ me on
t’other. No use! ”

  Nevertheless Hencher gazed en-
viously at the silk hat, perfectly
groomed figure, white vest, gray spats
and patent-leather shoes as he added:

  “ It'd be a fine hick of a boob who'd
give me a show now. Wouldn’t it?
Me—pickin' women’s pockets an’ doin’
penance up river fer fifteen years—
me! ”

  “ / might be the boob,” declared the
other, “ and—I believe I will—for the
sake of that — well, because I don't

think you got started right. Any man
can make good, if he’ll work. But it
isn’t Platt any more, Dave. It’s Per-
rin—Robert J. Perrin instead. Here’s
my card. If you’ll come to my office
in, say, an hour—better not come in
with me—we’ll talk it over. ’In the
mean time ditch the basket and cut the
moll-buzzing.”

  A convenient alley received into its
flinty bosom the undesirable wicker-
work, and Hencher took a few turns
around the neighborhood, thinking
over his own career and what he had
come to, as he compared it with the
sunnier, happier paths of the one who
had been Bob Platt.

  Pie had come upon Plait in an up-
State workhouse, where they were
both doing their six months’ bit as
vagrants.

  Really they were not vags, but
vagrancy covers a multitude of sins—
and sinners.

  A robbery had been committed; the
police dragnet had been thrown out,
and both Hencher and Platt had been
hauled in with the greater and lesser
fishes.

  Neither was guilty, and both had
money in their pockets; yet for being
birds of passage—without nest or visi-
ble means of support—they had as-
sisted the county in its road-building
efforts by making little rocks out of
big ones.

  But only for three months. Then
Hencher had proposed to Platt, his
rock-pile buddy, because he was the
human anchor at the other end of his
leg-chain, that they escape through the
simple expedient of crawling into a
thicket while a somnolent guard was
taking his afternoon siesta, knocking
off the rusted and ill-fitting shackles
with a rock-hammer and walking
away.

  Their scheme had miscarried only
when Platt, in nervous haste, wounded
his ankle more than the iron bracelet.

  I-Iencher, already released, had re-
fused to desert his injured comrade;
had supported and half carried him for
676

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

miles to a safe retreat in the under-
brush of a ravine; had foraged pro-
visions over the countryside for three
days until Platt was in condition to go
his way.

  There had been 110 pursuit—the of-
ficials evidently figuring it a good rid-
dance, and the pair had separated,
journeying in almost opposite direc-
tions.

  That was fifteen years ago. Since
then Hencher had done his seven years
in two instalments.

  With women always as his victims,
he had come to be known as Moll Hen-
cher; his picture adorned several
rogues’ galleries, and on this morning,
after the long struggle, he could only
boast of the clothes on his back—
worth in the aggregate about twelve
dollars; the few coins in his pockets,
a poor room in the lower town, and a
reputation which would get him ten
years, if he ever showed his nose to a
criminal judge again.

  A scant fortune, of which he did not
boast—the entire fruits of criminality
and petty dipping — was embraced
within the narrow limits of an account
in a side-street savings bank. This
bank-book, having across its face a
carefully chosen alias, and holding in
its folds a credit for three hundred and
twenty - five dollars, was concealed
under a corner of the carpet in his
room.

  With the crook’s usual caution.
Dave had managed to provide a fee
for a mouthpiece, or attorney, against
a day when he might be compelled, in
spite of his wriggling, jostling ways,
to face that criminal judge.

  His pursuits took him to store-sales,
matinees, concerts, into the crowded
streets, to busy corners, on street-cars
—to all places where women might
congregate.

  He seldom buzzed a male. Women
were safer, more easily outrun—took
jostling more amiably than did men.

  The game could hardly be called
profitable, but the wolves at his door
apparently drove away the dogs of the

law, for he had not seen the inside of
a jail in eighteen months—nor the in-
side of a first-class restaurant, either.

  It would never do, and the Moll
knew it. to eat into that nest-egg for
the mouthpiece, whose spieling might
be needed any day.

  With the Bob Platt of other years
things must be quite different.

  The department store episode had
brought him out of the past. He was
clad in much purple and fine linen.

  The “ iron hat ” which had aroused
the Moll's jealousy, while it might con-
stitute an unpardonable offense in a
pickpocket’s eyes, nevertheless bespoke
a considerable plutocracy. The per-
fect fitting and tight-buttoned coat
hinted at an august and capable check-
book beneath—a book that would pass
much more readily than the puny thing
in the inner lining of Dave’s blowzy
coat.

  And the diamonds on the hands and
in the necktie—

  “ Why, th’ guy sports more ice th’n
a rink,” soliloquized the Moll. “ He
sparks like a arc lamp! ”

  Platt—or Perrin—must be doing
pretty well! Honest ways paid, if you
had the wit to get by and the brain to
put it over.

  And yet Platt had been a crook him-
self. or. at least, Hencher thought so.
Pie had never been quite sure until the
bargain-counter scene.

  The dexterity with which his old
prison mate had extracted the leather
from his kick and concealed it among
the flubdub on the counter was con-
vincing. It was a cinch! Platt had
certainly been a dip in the old days—
or he never could have pulled such a
flooey.

  And now look at him! Why, the
old josser probably lolled in his own
gas-bucker and bullied a shover. And
he could go around to the bull-pen and
hoot at the cops.

  No fanning of him by cheap peelers
and town constables. It all came from
the honest lay—from the respectable
road.
THE MOLL BUZZER.

677

  Well, maybe for the sake of the old
days, that back-door foraging and self-
denial, Platt would wise him to how
the road was traveled.

  He would go through with the thing,
anyway. If he could do no better, he
might con Platt into kicking in with a
few iron men for his general mainte-
nance, or he might pipe the line-up
around the offices with an eye to a little
transom work and desk jimmying.

  But the mere thought of such des-
perate criminality made the rabbit-
hearted Moll sicken with terror.

  Hencher slunk past the uniformed
attendant at the door of the office
building, and tried to efface himself in
a far corner of the elevator on his ride
to the twelfth floor indicated on the
Perrin business card.

  He had a deep-rooted aversion to
uniforms, even on elevator pilots.
Blue or gray, with braid and brass-
buttons, always seemed tuned to the
jingling of keys and clanging of locks.

  Besides, the elevator door had a way
of snapping like a greedy steel jaw—
the jaw of stir, for instance.

  A fewr beads of sweat stood out on
Hencher’s mere sample of a forehead,
and he jammed the low-crowned derby
still further over his eyes. He was far
from happy as he sidled and edged
along the corridor and eased through
a door on which was printed in letters
of impressive size:

ROBERT J. PERRIN & CO.

Investments

  “ Ah, right on time, Mr. Henshaw,
I see,” smiled Perrin or Platt, speak-
ing over the head of a stenographer at
whose side he had been standing when
the Moll came in. blinking at the opu-
lent array of counters, cages, desks,
filing cabinets, clerks, and office boys.

  Perrin put a significant emphasis on
the “ Henshaw,” implying that the
Moll-rose by another name would be
much sweeter.

  “ Glad to see you, Henshaw! Henry,
show the gentleman into my private
office. I'll be with you in a moment,

Mr. ITenshaw.”

  Inside and alone, Hencher gaped
at his surroundings.

  The easy chairs, the directors’ table,
the desk as big as a concert piano, the
rugs, hat - racks — everything modem
and expensive got under his tough
hide. What a vast difference there wras
in all this from the meager pilfering
of housemaids and jostling of women
already burdened with bundles and
babies!

  A settlement worker had once ear-
nestly endeavored to chisel into the
Moll’s flinty head the admonition that
“ Honesty is the best policy.”

  He had insisted in his dull defense
that if men were only honest because
it was the best policy, they were not
necessarily honest at heart. It seemed
to him that merely being upright
through fear of the law or public cen-
sure did not constitute genuine recti-
tude.

  Had lie been writing that phrase he
would have put it. “ Honesty is the
right policy.”

  But now he was convinced that
probity, integrity and fairness paid
dividends. There were financial and
moral gains not to be overlooked.
Chicanery, deception, theft, and fraud
were the handmaidens of poverty and
misery.

  Why, the whole thing was exempli-
fied in the personalities of Dave Hen-
cher, thief, and Robert J. Perrin,
broker. They had started over dif-
ferent paths from the same chain-
gang-

  Both wrere thirty-eight years old,
and—now look at them!

  Hencher was hard-pressed to dis-
pose of his derby. It did not loom as
a suitable decoration on the office rug.
nor on a near-by chair, and he would
not have crossed that room to one of
the hat-racks — no, not for a moll’s
hand-bag full of greens!

  So he laid the greasy head-gear on
678

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

the open desk, and in doing so his eyes
bugged out at sight of a thin stack of
hilts beneath a round glass paper-
weight.

  “A plant! Framin' fer me, eh?"
he sneered as he noted another door
evidently leading out into the corridor.
“ Thinks I'll fall fer th’ small bunch o'
lettuce. Nix on that! Gee, if th’ crib’s
worth anyt’ing, it’ll do better th’n
that! ”

  For five minutes, plenty of time to
make a getaway, he sat eying the
money and tilting in his chair. Then
Perrin came in breezily, nonchalantly
tucked the bait in a vest-pocket, hand-
ed over a fat cigar which looked to
have cost about as much as the buzzer's
shoes, lit one himself, and began:

  “ Now, we'll not be disturbed, Dave,
so listen me out, please. You don’t
appear overfed, overdressed or over-
prosperous. Evidently you haven't
clone well. That’s the fault of your
system. It doesn’t pay.’’

  “ So it don’t, Platt—Mr. Perrin.”
The Moll looked around apprehen-
sively as if large ears might have heard
his break. “ I got two years wunst fer
friskin’ ninety cents f’om th’ pocket of
a dame that looked like she’d be good
fer ninety thousand.”

  “ That’s my point," continued Per-
rin. grandly flicking the ash from his
cigar with a be jeweled finger and
daintily lifting a lint speck from his
lapel. “ I never exactly tried it: mere-
ly fell in with a crooked lot for a time
—and you helped me out.

  “ Now, I might contend that this
morning's stunt squared matters, hut
really I ran no risk. No one would
have suspected Robert J. Perrin, even
without the pocketbook trick. Why,
1 number among my clients at least
two dozen women heads of depart-
ments in that store.

  " Now, I’ve decided, if you’re will-
ing, of course, to give you a chance at
the straight road—the one 1 have trav-
eled. It may be just a whim, but it’s
going through. The thing pays in dig-
nity. respectability—and funds. When

you arrive you are looked up to and
esteemed; your name becomes a great

asset.

  “ However ”—as an afterthought—
“ speaking of names. I think the Hen-
shaw of the outer office will be better
than the Hencher of the past.”

  “ Anyt’ing’ll be better th'n th’ rnoll-
buzzer,” gulped Hencher. “ It's a
snide monniker. Mr. P-Perrin. But
how d’ye know I won't snitch on you
fer that past yer speakin* of?”

  “ Oh. I hadn’t given it a thought.
But no one would believe you, Dave.
Vou could blat it from the Battery to
the Bronx and you couldn't get one
rise a day. although you might get a
fall-back for blackmail.

  “ However, I’m expecting you to be
grateful, thankful. You’ll be a sort of
helper around the office—whatever
you can do at the start. Your pay will
be ample, sufficient. You’ll get a de-
cent room and decent clothes.

  “ I could do the story-book act and
hand you over the money "—tapping
the vest-pocket loftily—“ but I prefer
to see you earn it. Sometimes I may
give you little confidential jobs, but ”
—shaking an admonitory finger—“ no
moll-buzzing. We have a dozen or so
girl employees and hundreds of callers
—mostly women—every day.

  “ Don’t let the hand-bags or other
articles of virtu get you down. Keep
straight, follow me. do as I have done,
and some day David Henshaw may be
quite as prosperous and well-to-do as
one Dave Hencher was notorious and
ne'er-do-well.”

  Perrin’s delicately manicured finger
pushed a button and something in a
uniform bounced through the door.
Hencher, gurgling his surprise, started
to his feet, but slumped back into his
chair when he perceived it was only
an office boy.

  “Henry," explained Perrin, “this
is Mr. David Henshaw, who will take
charge of the lctter-press and the cir-
cular and pamphlet room. You will
show him what there is to be done.”

  As the Moll gathered his soiled
THE MOLL BUZZER.

679

chapeau under his arm and departed
from the philanthropic Perrin's pres-
ence. he leaned over and whispered:

  “ Gee. Platt—I can’t get hep t’ these
uniforms! I t’ought you’d called th’
harness bulls.”

  For ten days the Moll, in his incom-
petent. haphazard and low-browed
way, puttered around the offices of
Robert J. Perrin, investment broker.
But what he lacked in efficiency he
made up in zeal.

  Each morning he was waiting in the
corridor when the door was opened.
At night he almost had to be evicted
by the janitor.

  Either his soul was in his efforts or
he hoped to find himself at some time
the sole occupant of the rooms, with
principal eye to the cashier's cage and
vault.

  The latter seemed to occupy most of
his thoughts. He gazed rapidly at the
important looking books and the more
satisfactory heaps of currency which
disappeared into it of evenings and re-
appeared next morning, the books to
be scattered over desks while the cash
was arranged in imposing stacks on
the glass counter of the cage.

  Once the cashier remonstrated with
him.

  “ Your place is in the mailing room,
Henshaw. There is nothing around
the vault that could possibly interest
you except the combination — and
that’s only known to Mr. Perrin and
myself.”

  " I wasn't pipin' th’ crib.” grumbled
Hencher, falling back 011 his old
jargon.

  Then, as the cashier moved away
with a smirk at his own low w’it:

  “ Th’ old josser! Poof fer him—
he wears cuffs! ”

  After the first week the Moll blos-
somed forth in cheap but gaudy im-
provements.

  With Perrin as a model, he went in
for a tin-shirt; he installed a white
piping in the collar of his vest; a pair
of gray spats concealed much of his
decrepit shoes. His suit was pressed.

and he affected an article which looked
more like a hat than the sad-eyed derby
which he consigned to a trash-can.

  He had the fringe of mousy hair
harvested from around his ears, and
three shaves grew where one had
sufficed before.

  Really the Moll, at small outlay, was
arriving with a bound; and Perrin,
rather grandiloquently though, com-
plimented him on his neater appear-
ance.

  One afternoon, while observing the
results of his work at a letter-press, he
spelled his way through several sen-
tences of an outgoing communication.

  The Moll’s early education had been
somewhat neglected—his father hov-
ering too close to a corner saloon,
while his mother, in her turn, had
hovered too close to an eternally "active
washtub. This had not made for class-
pins, but Dave, after a fashion, could
bludgeon and blast his way through
plain, typewritten English.

  And so he read :

Dkar Madam :

  We note what you say about the invest-
ment of two thousand dollars made two
years ago, with your statement that it has
brought no dividends as yet. In reply we
wish to assure you that extensive develop-
ment work on the properties in question
has cut down the net profits far beyond a
dividend paying point.

  However, such improvements have
been economically and ably installed and
are real and permanent assets to the stock-
holders.

  While the stock has depreciated great-
ly since you invested—and will hardly pay
dividends within the next few years—we
can say, speaking for the directors and not
on our own responsibility, of course,
that—

  Hencher walked over to a stenog-
rapher, who seemed the most amiable
of the office force because she had
nodded pleasantly each morning, and
asked:

  “ What is this t'ing, anyway, miss?”

  ‘"Oh, the letter?” holding out her
hand for it. “ You are to make two
copies, Henshaw.”
680

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Yeh, T know about th’ letter, miss.

T mean this t’ing ” He waved his hand
to include the Perrin quarters, tile
room, vault, and private offices. “ You
know—this dump."

  “ Why. an investment office. Hen-
shaw.” the lady smiled indulgently,
wondering where Perrin had found
what appeared to be only a simple, un-
sophisticated worker.

 “Who invests, miss?" Henshaw
leaned two yellow fists on the de*k and
peered at her from a pair of dark eyes
sunk in sallow cheeks.

  “ Anybody with money. I suppose."
Then, returning to her work, " Why
don’t you ask Mr. Perrin? Or maybe
you'd better not. I don’t think he’d
like your cross-examination.”

  At another time he read almost
through a sheet which ran:

Madam :

  We have learned from the Big Brother
Insurance Company that you will receive
within the next few days five thousand dol-
lars as insurance following the sad death
of your husband. We knew him in life,
and are certain that were he here to-day
we need only refer to him concerning our
business standing and resources.

  Realizing that you will be looking for
permanent and profitable investment, we
solicit your consideration of—

  There followed a glowing eulogy of
the very business properties against
which the former investor’s com-
plaints had been aimed.

  Even the dwarfed intellect of the
Moll could embrace the fact that, while
one woman had lamented a paucity of
returns from her money, the Perrin
agency was still actively engaged in
crowding the same stock onto others
at a fancy figure, insisting that it
would pay amazingly.

  Thereupon the Moll became even
more inquisitive, certainly more inter-
ested in the money which fell into the
vault in currency flakes and was carted
to the bank in currency drifts.

  Me opened letters as he had once
opened hand-bags, and pried into their
contents quite as eagerly as if they
were leathers which he was examining

in the privacy of a convenient alley.
And for one of such shallow brain-
pan, lie learned much, even while he
kept away from the traps of small
financial bait which Perrin and the
cashier, who evidently acted on in-
structions, frequently set for him.

  He was not to be tempted by petty
cheese. He knew they were trying
him, and he also knew that if he de-
cided to grab it would be at dollars
instead of pennies.

  The two facts that soaked in deep-
est were that few men came to the
cashier’s window and few letters went
forth to men. unless it might have been
to attorneys who had protested in
behalf of clients.

  Generally—almost always—the vis-
itors were women—women of a cer-
tain shabby and somber black, with
careworn, sorrowful faces and eyes
that looked out as through a constant,
tearful mist.

  Also the printed circulars in the
mailing room sent pleas to investing
women rather than to men, telling of
wise ways in which to invest insurance
moneys, inheritances, the savings from
salaries earned in stores, offices, work-
shops, and even kitchens. The address-
ing machine, at which the Moll labored
much of the time, contained the title
of Miss or Mrs. a dozen times where
it held a Mr. once.

  At intervals, too, the Moll had heard
words other than friendly at the cash-
ier's window, and on several occasions
from Perrin's inner office had leaked
damp sounds as of tears and sobby
protestations. But the others of the
force seemed to have no ears, so the
Moll did not worry his head greatly,
although he did shake it often enough
and vigorously.

  On the afternoon of his tenth day
Hencher was busy sealing and stamp-
ing some of Perrin's private mail. The
work was being done under the watch-
ful eye of the boss, who had taken a
keen and very secret interest in the
preparation of the letters and in the
list of people to whom they were to go.
THE MOLL BUZZER.

681

  “ This is a private drag, Dave,”
Perrin explained. “ I don’t want the
4 company ’ to know of it.”

  Hencher had never seen the “ com-
pany " alluded to on the door plate,
although he had understood the word
to apply to a wealthy citizen who came
rarely to the office and was interested
in other concerns of similar nature.

  “ Pm putting it through myself as a
side-line,” ran on Perrin. “ I expect
you to keep quiet. I can’t always trust
the stenographers and the others to do
that. Some way, I fancy they’d bite
me if I ever permitted them to grow
sharp teeth.”

  “ Aw, I’m no snitch,” mumbled the
Moll from over a stamp-glued tongue.
“ Either way, it ain’t no time off my
term.”

  The door opened with a pop and a
woman came hurriedly into the inner
office. Her face was flushed as from
the excitement of some daring deed.
A black veil was pushed back over the
brim of a black hat. A shiny dress,
inexpensive and in a past style, cov-
ered her scant figure.

  Black gloves and shoes made her a
veritable woman in black, except for
the color of her cheeks and the gray
flash from her eyes.

  Perrin half leaped from his chair,
his face red as the carnation he per-
sistently sported in his lapel. Con-
trolling the mingled anger and flustra-
tion which showed in his eyes, he
greeted her affably enough.

  “ Why, Mrs. Erhardt, good after-
noon ! Did the boy show you in ? ”
The last with just a taint of rebuke.

  “ He did not, Mr. Robert J. Perrin
& Co.! ” snapped the visitor, going at
once into battle. “ I walked in with-
out any boy. I've cooled my heels out-
side, with a grinning boy staring at me,
the last time I intend to.”

  “Very well, Mrs. Erhardt; we
needn’t get excited,” calmed the suave
Perrin. “ I didn’t know you had been
refused admission, I can assure you.
Henshaw, you may leave the letters
for a while.”

  “ Let the man stay,” ordered the
truculent Mrs. Erhardt. “ He looks
honest enough. It will do me good to
see one honest male around.”

  “ This will never do,” smiled the
broker, nervously motioning Dave
back to his task. “ Now, what is the
trouble, my dear Mrs. Erhardt?”

  “ Just this, Mr. Perrin—and don’t
‘ dear ' me. I’ve been here four times
—yes, half a dozen—to find out why
I never have received any returns
from that precious stock you coaxed
and cajoled me into buying. And not
once have I been allowed in this office
until I opened that gate, pushed the
boy aside, and came in.

  “ Now I want to know, and I’m
going to wait for the information. You
and your fine-worded letters! I’d be
willing to guess that man over there—
the fellow with the honest face — is
mailing some of them out right now.”
Hencher’s cheeks took on a faint
salmon color. Blushing was not his
strongest point, but he knew the wom-
an had spoken the truth. The letters
were being sent to the nearest female
relatives of a score of men who had
been killed in a building collapse and
on whose claims the contracting firm
had decided to settle.

  “ You know very well,” the visitor
pursued. “ that your letters promised
me big dividends. And you know it
was the only money I had to support
my childen. You said you knew my
husband and wanted to help me. You
have been a tremendous help, I must
say! Two and a half years, and I
haven’t seen a cent. I can’t live, and
my little ones can’t be sent to school,
on promises.

  “ I don’t believe my husband ever
knew you. I’d hate to think that of
him, anyway. Now. I either want
satisfaction, or I’ll see a lawyer!”

  “ My dear Mrs. Erhardt.” Perrin
placated speciously, applying the term
in spite of the woman’s angry gesture,

“ so far as employing an attorney is
concerned, let me assure you it will
only be an added expense. I haven’t
682

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

your money. It went for the stock
which you purchased in a perfectly
legitimate way and with eyes wide
open. You received the certificates
and receipted for them. Your threats
do not frighten, I may as well tell
you/’ .

  “ 1 want that money—my last three
hundred dollars—you have it,” in a
voice which was rapidly breaking and
mixing with tears. “ It’s here some
place—in these fine jimcracks,” wav-
ing one of her poorly gloved hands at
the costly furniture. " 1 want it! I’ll
see a lawyer—or maybe you’d prefer
the police?”

  At the last word the scarlet tinge in
Perrin’s cheeks met up half-way with
a pallid fear, turning his face to a sick-
ly purple, splotched with yellow. But
he proceeded with his explanations,
while his white hand fell as softly on
the jacket's worn sleeve as if he had
been smoothing the feathers of an
angry hen.

  “ Now, don’t talk about unpleasant
things — lawyers and — police. And
you don't want your money, either,
Mrs. Erhardt — not the principal, at
least. Let’s say you want your divi-
dends. Isn’t that it? Of course it is.
I have it from the directors of Crested
Butte Consolidated — not on my own
say-so, mark you, but on theirs—
that in six months the company will be
in such shape that you'll be sorry you
ever doubted the stock.”

  “ Oh, is that a promise, Mr. Per-
rin?" cried the woman, finally burst-
ing into the tears which had been but
a word or two away during the whole
conversation. “If it is—I don’t mind
the—the hard work I’m doing to keep
the ch-children fed and clothed and in
school. But I c-can’t stand the grind
another day unless I know—know it’s
coming right in the end.”

  “ Not a promise,” reneged Perrin
hastily, who seemed unable to part
with real money, “but my best judg-
ment.”

  A hand reached over his shoulder,
picked up a pen, and dipped it into a,

cut-glass inkwell, probably as expen-
sive as anything in the Erhardt home.

  The Moll explained as he walked
back to the table: “ One o’ these letters
ain’t right; I’ll fix it.”

  Then he scratched away for a few
seconds while the visitor, still sobbing,
gave evidence of returning to her first
advantage.

  “ Well, ihat isn’t satisfactory, Mr.
Perrin. It was your judgment that
got me in; and, oh. for God’s sake—
for the sake of my babies—please get
me out! You have that money. It’s
here some place. I want it.”

  “ Are y' sure o’ yer man, madam? ”
The words were spoken as the Moll
Buzzer came for the second time from
the temporary mailing table. Perrin
paused in the middle of a calming
reply, started in surprise, and made as
if to motion the intruder back.

  The woman answered:

  “WTiat? Of course I’m sure!
Didn't I hand it to this man Perrin
myself? Didn’t I see him take it?”
“ I asked, lady,” answered the Moll,
as if repeating something he had mem-
orized, “because if you're so sure o’
yer ground, what have y’t’ say t' this
check for three hundred dollars—your
money? Perrin ain't got it. I’m th’
one. I’m one o’ them directors he’s
talkin’ about.

  “ Here’s yer check, ma’am. Go cash
it — right away — fer them there
babies! "

  The woman seized the slip, eagerly
assured herself that it set forth the
things described, and cried:

  “ Thank God for an honest man!
I knew it! ”

  The door opened and closed with a
slam. Mrs. Erhardt was gone, but
Perrin, the purple departed and the
red again in his angry face, turned on
the Moll.

  “ Now what? Do you think that’s
the way I give up money? What do
you mean ? ”

  “I mean just this!” screeched the
Moll, back at his place and his fist
coming down on the sealed and
THE MOLL BUZZER.

683

stamped envelopes with a thump
which made Perrin halt hop out of his
chair. “ I mean that you—you—can
go clean, immac’lately, c’nsecitively,
an' ev’ry other way, plumb t’ hell!
Here’s where I quit this dump! ”

  The words came almost as loud as
the table blow.

  The stubble at the back of Hencher’s
head, where the hair was cropped close
and shaved round, seemed to stand out
like hackles; cheeks that had long
since lost the art of flushing turned
drab as old ashes; drops of sweat
stood out on the bulges below the dark
eyes as if the man were in actual physi-
cal pain. Again he whacked the top
of the polished table.

  “ Right here’s where I blow the
joint! See?”

  “You quit—you—you quit me?”
scoffed Perrin, coming the other half
out of his seat. He started with a
sneer, but ended with scorn as he saw
that the Moll must mean what he was
saying.

  “That’s it," came the reply. “ You
did me a good turn wunst, an’ I’ve
done you one just now. That was a
narrow squeak—she’d ’a’ had th’ bulls
down on yuh. ’Sides, she ought t’ had
th' money. You an' me’re square—an’
Pm through. Through an' busted,
too! But I'm satisfied.’'

  “What’s the idea, Hencher?"
growled Perrin in a milder tone as
something in the nature of a great light
seemed to break over him. “ I’ll ad-
mit that maybe it was the right thing
to do. But for me to have given her
the money would have been an admis-
sion of guilt, don’t you see? I'm
obliged to you. Now calm down."

  “ Don’t be obliged t’ me fer any-
thing!” bristled Hencher. “ I want t’
quit ’thout any obbleegations.”

  “ Oh, don’t be a fool, Hencher! Be
a crook if you must, but not an idiot.
I've had enough grand-stand plays for
one afternoon.”

  “Crook? Idiot? Who’s a crook,
Platt?” shouted the enraged looter of
women. Then, noting the consterna-

tion and rising temper of his employ-
er: “ Yes—Platt! Bob Platt! An’ it
goes. You’re a fine one t’ talk about
crooks! Why, you'd climb yer own
porch t’ crack yer baby’s bank! ”

  “ Sit down, you cheap pickpocket,

and shut up! You d-moll buzzer,

d'you want the whole building to hear
you ? "

  “ They wouldn’t be su’prised,”
fumed Hencher—“not if they’ve got
th’ sense God gave a goose. An’ as
fer moll-buzzin’, I’m here t' tell yon
there's more’n one kind — an’ I’m
t'rough with this kind. Get out o’ me
way, Platt! Lemme out! This dump
stinks! ”

  “ So that’s the game ? ” husked
Platt, his hands opening and closing
and his face twitching in tremendous
wrath. “ Blackmail, eh? You think
to make capital by peaching about those
letters? Y'ou’re out for a snitch, huh?
Y'ou’re going to hold me up on that
check ? ”

  “ I’m not a snitch, Platt.” interrupt-
ed the Moll. “ I wouldn't touch a
piece o’ coin 'round here with a pair o’
tongs. We're quits! No more wom-
en’s wreeps fer me.”

  “ No, I suppose not,” jeered Perrin.
“ The old crook can’t stand prosperity.
The dip can’t toe the honest mark.
The yegg don’t care for respecta-
bility. I gave you a chance to be de-
cent—”

  “ Decent! Honest! Prosperity! ”
exploded Hencher. “ That's swell!
I've swallered all that mush I want.
Why, you’d frisk yer own wife’s
leather! Let me out!”

  “ Well, then, get back to your
burgling of housemaids and your bar-
gain-counter rushes!” cried Perrin,
stepping to one side and pointing to-
ward the door. “ Git! Back to the
moll-buzzing! ”

  “Not 011 yer life, Platt! Not on
yer slick face an’ dolled up hands!”
flouted Hencher, jerking the door
open and turning for a parting blast.
“ Here’s where I—go t' work! Me fer
a job! D’ye get me? ”
8lTV eater

l

N

P

ff Anne Warner

Audio* of *' Sums	" Tko Reiu*en«»«on of Aunl M»rr.” ** Suntfem* Jans." (It., «U.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS

IXA DARLING, wife of Colonel Darling, an English officer in the Indian service,
enters into a violent flirtation with Gerald Andrews, of the civil service; but
when, at a dance at the viceregal lodge in Simla, he pleads with her to “ bolt" with
him, she laughs at him and tells him coldly that she always tires of men when they
begin to get serious. She also coolly confesses that the only man she really loves is
not her husband, but a man whom every one has for years thought to be dead. Later,
Andrews identifies this man as Nina’s cousin, and, at the time of his^ disappearance,
her fiancee. Lord Harry Kneedrock, who was reported killed at Spion Kop in the Boer
W ar, his body being identified by Colonel Darling himself.

   Kneedrock turns up unexpectedly and Nina meets him at the bungalow of an
American friend, a Mrs. Sibylla Ramsay. She begs him to take her away, but having
discovered her affair with Andrews, he contemptuously refuses. That night, while in
his gun-room, Darling is shot dead. The official verdict is “ death by accident.” but
popular gossip is divided between the theories of suicide and murder by either Nina
or Kneedrock. Nina returns to England, where after a number of more or less seri-
ous flirtations, all ending disastrously for the men. she starts a still more furious one
with Sir Caryll Carleigh. whose engagement to an American girl, Miss Rosamond
Yevnol, has recently been broken. The country-house where Nina, Kneedrock. and
Carleigh are visiting is burned to the ground, and Nina is terribly injured; if she
recovers at all. it is said, she will be horribly disfigured. The guests all seek refuge at
a near-by estate; there Carleigh is sitting at the breakfast table when the door opens
and Rosamond Veynol enters.

CHAPTER XIX.

Fate’s Fearful Ingenuity.

OSAMOND VEYNOi;

stopped short just inside
the door and every vestige
of color left her face.

Everybody rememl>ered
then, and everybody was
scared. It was a tryingly
dramatic moment.

Carleigh. astounded and greatly con-
tused. half rose in his place and bowed
slightly and awkwardly. Miss Veynol
bent her head without looking at him.
The Countess of Cross Saddle pre-
tended to know or notice nothing.

One man whistled under stress of

the moment and then turned deeply
crimson. The butler, who knew de-
tails of which all his superiors were
naturally ignorant—he being a regu-
lar reader of British Society—let fall
a muffin cover.

  And then, suddenly, everybody per-
ceived that the only space left vacant
at tablewas the space next to Carleigh,
and saw with horror that one of the
men who knew nothing had pushed a
chair in there for the newcomer.

  Miss Veynol looked waveringly
about. The countess choked.

 “ Of course you two are old
friends—” she began.

  And then, her tongue cleaving to
the roof of her mouth, she rose

Thfia atory began in the All-Story Weekly for May 15.

684
THE MAN-EATER.

685

hastily, stammered something quite
unintelligible about the injured woman
upstairs, and precipitately fled.

  “ I had better go too," Carleigh
murmured, starting to rise. “ I—
I— ” He would have sold his soul
to be able to say, “ am betrothed to
Mrs. Darling.” But he wasn’t sure
she was going to die, and so he didn’t
dare.

  Nevill Dalgries. who had the place
on the other side of him, and being a
good friend, was awfully sorry, put
out a strong hand and pulled him back
into his seat again.

  “ You can’t do anything, old man,”
he said with a roughness that was
kindness. “ Finish your tea.”

  And at that instant Rosamond sank
into the proffered seat beside him. So
there they sat, side by side, those two,
one blazing red, one deathly white,
silent and constrained.

  And all the rest at the breakfast-
table talked feverishly and painfully
with a haste and loudness that ap-
peared to them obligatory.

  Those who watched say that Sir
Caryll drank his tea and ate two slices
of buttered toast, and that Miss Vey-
nol spooned an egg without upsetting
the cup; which may be perfectly true,
though neither he nor she was aware
of doing any such thing.

  What they did they did subcon-
sciously, their conscious minds being
very much otherwise engaged. One
thing is certain, however, and that is
that neither of them spoke, until, hap-
pening to look up, Carleigh saw that
everybody else had got up and got out
and left them quite alone.

  He felt then that he simply had to
say something, and so he said, as so
often happens, the one thing that he
shouldn’t have said. He asked : “ Is
your mother here?”

  Miss Veynol looked down, shivered
slightly, rose, and moved over to a
window. Carleigh rose too and fol-
lowed her.

  “ Mama is in Ireland,” she an-
swered at length, in a low, sweet voice.

“ She told me before she went—
she— ” Then she stopped.

  He threw his gaze over her from
head to feet. He felt bitter and
scornful, and yet the memories
crowded fast. After all, she was very
lovely, and—odd how he had seen her
face early this very morning when for
all he knew he was dropping to his
death!

  “ What do you think of me, any-
way? " he asked at length. “ W hat is
your final opinion of us all three?”

  She looked up at him. All her shy-
ness seemed suddenly gone. Her eyes
met his fearlessly. Yet her voice was
very low as she said: “ I think that
you love mama.”

  Of course she would think that. If
she had ever doubted it his question
uttered a minute ago on their re-
meeting must have convinced her.

  He took a backward step and drew
in his breath. Up-stairs Nina was dy-
ing perhaps. On every hand fortune
seemed bent on breaking with him.
He was lashed, stung, crumpled. He
looked at her and truth cowered
naked.

  “ Not at all.” he said with biting
emphasis. “ Perhaps people talk that
and you believe it. But I’ve never
thought of such a thing. I have of-
fered myself to Mrs. Darling, and
I’ve given her your ring.”

  He paused expectant: but Rosa-
mond just stared at him.

  Then he walked out of the room,
hurt and—rather frightened.

  It had been one of those fearfully
ingenious tricks of Fate which she
deals out in such a starthngly unex-
pected manner—this meeting with his
whilom fiancee.

  Chasing the woman who had the
power to make him forget, only to be
abruptly thrust, in the very midst of
it. under the same roof with her he
was striving never to remember, was
malevolent cruelty. And it was very
awful.

  Yes, it would have been much bet-
ter had he slept five minutes longer.
686

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

Then there would have been no es-
cape. and his troubles would have been

over.

CHAPTER XX

Fires of One Kind and Another.

IT was a very miserable morning for
Carleigh. It was pretty miserable
for every one, seeing that things
were all at sixes and sevens owing to
the enforced mingling of two house
parties; but the young baronet, with
counter emotions tearing things apart
deep down in the soul of him, found
it especially so.

  Out-of-doors was quite impossible.
The heavy clouds were unloading their
burden in a drenching downpour.
Some brave one proposed a tramp to
Car fen and a search of the cooling
ruins, but found so few volunteers
that the project was given over.

  Bridge games were started in both
the red and yellow drawing-rooms.
Blissmore, the novelist, had induced
Nevill Dalgries to oppose him at chess,
and the pair sat in silent concentration
over board and men in the library.

  For a long while Sir Cary 11 hung
about the hall in expectation of a word
with Dr. Dodson on his morning
visit; only to learn after something
like two hours of waiting that the
medical man had come and gone dur-
ing that period of agony in the break-
fast-room.

  Nevertheless there was some mea-
sure of relief for him in the tidings
that Dodson had pronounced his
patient improving steadily.

  Julian Archdeacon had told him
this, having had it direct from Cecile.
“ He doesn’t say that Nina’s out of
danger; but he does say that with a
continued nbsence of fresh symptoms
she very soon will be.”

  Carleigh sighed and a faint color
tinged his wan pallor. He had been
pallid as a ghost ever since he told
Miss Veynol about the ring. “If I
could only see her,” he muttered.

  But Julian thought that quite im-
possible.

  “ It’s mostly shock, don’t you
know.” he said, “ and everything de-
pends on keeping her quiet/'

  The relief, small as it was, was not
lasting. When he had flung that final
ill-considered speech at Rosamond he
had really believed Nina’s case hope-
less.

  If she got well Rosamond would
be sure to learn that what he said
wasn’t true, and she would probably
hate him all the more for it. There-
fore it was actually imperative that he
have a word with Mrs. Darling at the
very earliest opportunity.

  “ I mean to ask Dr. Dodson, at all
events,” he said. “ When will he be
here again? ”

  The Honorable Julian didn’t know.
He might be over in the afternoon;
and then, just as likely he might not
be over until evening.

  “ Waldron is burned worse than
was thought,” he added. “ He never
gave a sign, and yet he must have
been suffering torments. His self-
command was nothing short of Spar-
tan.”

  But at this Carleigh frowned.

  “ We have thought best to wire for
his wife.” Archdeacon added.

  “His wife!” exclaimed Carvll.

  “ Yes. Good little woman. Does
a lot of slum work in London, and all
that sort of thing, you know. Time
was too much taken up to come down
with him.”

  So here was a measure of relief
from another quarter.

  “ Did you wire for any of Mrs.
Darling’s people?”

  “ No. She didn’t want any one.
Wc suggested sending for the duke
and duchess. But the idea only ex-
cited her. Then we thought of
Kneedrock. He’s a cousin, you know,
and a sort of next-of-kin protector
and adviser. But she wouldn’t have
him at any price. Gritty little wom-
an, Nina.”

  Dr. Dodson came between tea and
THE MAN-EATER.

687

dinner, and it was more through good
luck than good management that Car-
leigh saw him.

  He had gone to his nursery bed-
chamber, where he had been looking
over the evening things laid out for
him, only to discover that the pumps
provided were fully two sizes too
large.

  Twice he had rung for valet or foot-
man without response—his own man
had been shipped up to town that
morning—and was on his way to
Nevill Dalgries’s quarters when he en-
countered an elderly gentleman—
bearded, carrying a small profes-
sional-looking hand-bag, and stepping
with professional briskness—turning
into the corridor from an intersecting
passage.

  He stopped him without the least
hesitation. “ T fancy you are Dr. Dod-
son ? ” he said.

  The physician signified assent, and
Carleigh introduced himself.

  " I do so want to learn of poor Mrs.
Darling,” he went on. “ I am very
anxious.”

  “ Mrs. Darling,” Dodson replied.
“ is doing capitally. I have every rea-
son to believe that she will make an
amazingly quick recovery, Sir Caryll.”

  “ That is good news indeed/’ Car-
leigh rejoined. “ And now there is a
favor I have to ask. I really think
that I should be allowed to see her.”

  The doctor pursed his lips and his
eyes shot a question through his
glasses.

  “ I am deeply interested in her,” the
young man went on, “ and I helieve
she would wish it, if you let her
know.”

  His effort was to speak in exactly
the right tone, all things considered.
Vet he was wofully uncertain as to
just what were the things he had to
consider.

  “ T will ask her, of course.” re-
turned Dodson. “Rut T must warn
you in advance. Sir Caryll, that Mrs.
Darling does not care to see any one.
Aside from the severe shock, she is at

present, you know*, so very badly dis-
figured.”

  Caryll experienced a deathlike sink-
ing at his heart. Until this minute he
had barely considered this matter of
disfigurement. He just couldn't be-
lieve it—couldn't realize it as a pos-
sibility.

  “ How— ” he began, and stopped
short.

  “ One side of her face is very badly
burned.” said the doctor.

  A man doesn’t like to hear such
things about a woman for whom he
has just confessed an attachment. It
took a brief moment for Carleigh to
collect himself. Then: “Beg her to
see me, please,” he asked a little
stiffly.

  He saw the physician go, but he had
very little hope. It was hardly pos-
sible that she would accede to his plea.

  She didn’t want “ Doodv ” and
“ Pucketts.” She didn’t want even
“ Nibbetts,” who, it was clear to him.
was usually her help in time of trouble.
What chance then was there that she
would see him?

  But to his surprise and that of the
doctor as well, she did.

  Her maid came back with Dodson
and took him to the room. And there,
in the half dark made by the drawn
window-curtains he saw her lying in
the wide, white bed. her beauty hid-
den—or was it her hideousness—by
swathing white cloths.

  She looked curiously Eastern and
uncanny, and his thoughts crowded,
and he was dumb.

  But she held out her right hand to
him and said: “So nice to see you!
But—what is this I hear they are tell-
ing about us? Such astounding
tales.”

  Then he knew that Rosamond had
made no secret of his daring speech
and that the doors and windows of
gossip were all set open afresh.

  He sat down in a chair close by her
side and took the hand she offered, and
held it close to his own.

  “ I have been telling the truth,” he
688

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

said, with that cool, odd courage

which leaps like a well-trained ser-
vant to do the bidding of some men.
“ It is only a few days as time is
counted, but clocks should be our
slaves instead of our masters. To
me it seems an eternity since you so
gave me back to myself that I ”—lie
faltered ever so slightly—“ could love
—yes, really and truly—love again.
And I do. Oh, Nina, I do! Just
you—only you.”

  Then, all at once, he remembered,
and looked sharply about the room.
He had forgotten the maid. He had
not thought of Cecile Archdeacon.
They might be there, somewhere, cur-
tained by the gloom.

  “ Don't be alarmed/’ Nina said,
amused. “ There is no one but I to
hear your confession. Cecile with-
drew discreetly before you came, and
my maid parted from you on the other
side of the door/’

  “ I love you," he repeated, reas-
sured.

  “But you have said openly here, in
this house, that we are engaged—that
I had your ring.”

  For a breath he hesitated. Then:
“ Let it stand,” he pleaded, and bent
toward her. “ You are like me, you
are sick of it all. The world has
bruised us both—has tried to make
outcasts of us both—has blackened us
falsely.

  " Let us go away together—to
"V ukon, to Ceylon, to where you will.
Let us build for ourselves a free life
—a new, clean life, out in those free,
new clean surroundings/’

  He was actually surprised at his
own eloquence and at how in earnest
he felt; and how chivalrous. But he
was still more surprised at how keen
he was to prove to Rosamond that he
had spoken truthfully.

  “ But I‘m disfigured,” said Nina be-
hind her white windings. “ Horridly
disfigured.”

  “ It will not matter,” he declared.

  “ And I am old. I count for ten
years beyond you.”

  '* That is our own affair—our very
own affair.'' He feit the hand within

his quiver lightly and hope rose. I
really am very fond of you,” she whis-
pered.

  “ Believe me, it is love.” he whis-
pered in return. “ See how it snatched
us both in the same instant.”

  Her fingers nestled sweetly in
among his own.

  44 Did Kneedrock tell you more than
you told me ? ” she asked.

  “ Yes»,” he answered frankly.
44 But it made no difference. I don’t
care what people say about you.”

  44 But I have played with fire so
often—once too often,” she added
with a laugh. “ Fire came near end-
ing me at last.”

Abruptly his curiosity roused.
“ They say you were safely down
stairs, and that then you turned and
went back. Why did you go back ? ”
“ I wanted something.”

  “ What ? What was worth the
risk?”

  For just a little she did not answer.
Then, slowly, she reached out her
other hand—her left hand. “ For
this,” she said.

  He looked and fancied he must be
dreaming, for, lo, there on her engage-
ment finger sparkled a ring—his ring.
The ring that he believed lost; the ring
that he believed no woman would ever
wear again.

  For a full minute he was too
amazed, too stunned, to speak.

  “ You—you found it! ” he stam-
mered at last.

  “ I never threw it away at all/* she
confessed. “ I only made the mo-
tion. Why should I throw away a
perfectly good pearl and diamond
ring when the mere motion of throw-
ing answered every purpose? ”

  “ Every purpose? What purpose? ”
  “ My purpose.” and she smiled.

  “ But I—I don't understand. What
could have been your object?”

  “ I’ll tell you,” she replied. He
could see her eyes quite clearly now.
His own had grown accustomed to the
THE MAN-EATER.

689

gloom. He could see them so clearly
as to read mischief in them. He won-
dered whether it was possible that she
was suffering the least bit.

  “ I just wondered what you would
say and do. I knew of no better way
to test a man’s whole character than
by pretending to toss away as worth-
less something that he highly values.”
“ My whole character?” he echoed.
“ Did you have to test it? ”

  “ I didn’t have to. I wished to.
One learns of the real man, then. And
I am so interested in real men.”

  The thing rather hurt him, but he
said: “ I suppose you were satisfied.”
“ My interest was,” she answered,
and he was clever enough to note the
distinction she effected by the word
and the emphasis.

  “ I’m glad if it amused you.” he
said, not at all pleased. “ Are you
going to tell me what you learned ? ”
“ I’m going to let you draw your
own conclusions,” she answered. “ I
told a man once in India that there
was a cobra in the corner of the room
in which we were sitting, just to see
what he would say.”

  “ What did he say? ”

 “ He didn’t say anything. He
acted.”

  “ Was there a cobra there? ”

  “ Of course. We could both see
it.”

  “ You were telling the truth then? ”
  ° After my fashion, yes.”

  “ And what did he do? ”

  “ He shot.”

  « And— ”

  “ The bullet knocked the cobra over.
It was bronze.”

  Then, for the first time since he en-
tered the room, he let go her hand.
“ And that satisfied your interest? ”

  “ That satisfied me,” she said, and
he would have sworn she slightly em-
phasized the pronoun.

  " There must have been a lot of
shooting out there in India,” he said
significantly. Somehow he felt ter-
ribly vexed.

  No, he didn’t want to go into any

     8 a-s

wilds with this woman. He recalled
that reincarnated tigress idea of Knee-
drock’s. No Yukon or Ceylon. No,
surely not.

  She seemed to read his thought.
She drew back her right hand which
he had dropped so coolly and turning
a little on her side she reached out her
left.	—

  ■' There! Take off the ring and give
it to [Miss Yeynol,” she said cheer-
fully. “ I really can’t marry you. In-
deed I can't. Don’t pass me. Don’t
even press my hand. It’s absolutely
no use. Go on, now. and leave me to
sleep.”

  It was CarylFs mood of the moment
to feel relieved. He took the ring
from her finger, thrust it into his
waistcoat pocket, and rose. Then he
bowed a little stiffly. After which he
left her to sleep.

CHAPTER XXL

An End to the Gossip.

ALL masculine and human as he
was. Sir Caryll Carleigh
emerged from that darkened
room with a vivid vision still remain-
ing of the white bandaged face and
a keen awareness of the engagement
ring once more in his possession, enor-
mously eased.

  If there was a sense of somewhat
summary dismissal to annoy, it was
more than offset by the knowledge
that he was absolutely free. Yes, free
even of the chain made by his own
impulsive speech.

  A thoroughly foolish man, embar-
rassed by the product of his various
and gregarious emotions, may still
have sense enough left to experience
relief at being afforded a fresh chance.

  Life, in spots, was very trying to
the young baronet, but still it might
have been far worse.

  One may not enjoy being buffeted
about by a woman one is almost sure
one loves. Still it’s a poor ball that
isn’t conscious of a thrill as it rises
690

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

in the air of limitless freedom after
a hard kick.

  So Carleigh went lightly along the
corridor and turned lightly at the
angle. And as he turned he came face
to face with Rosamond Yeynol. And
Rosamond, it so chanced, was looking
beautiful as she had never looked
beautiful before.

  He stopped abruptly, and so did she.
He gasped, and she likewise gasped.
But, somehow, it was far less awful
than before, because here there was

110	one present to witness their be-
havior.

  He put out his hand and she put
hers in it before she thought. It came
to him just then, suddenly, that he
had told her he had offered himself to
Mrs. Darling and given her the ring.
And now he had that very ring in his
waistcoat pocket.

  His breath came fast—so fast that
ir almost choked him.

  “ Rosamond ! ” he stammered.
“ Oh, Rosamond ! ”

  She was dressed for traveling and
was evidently just on her way down.
In point of fact she was about quit-
ting the house to have herself further
embarrassment.

  She wasn’t expecting to meet Car-
leigh on that side of the house, and
the encounter had startled her, as it
did him. more than slightly.

  She stood, actually panting. She
strove to look at him, and failed ut-
terly. Then she tried to free her hand
land failed in that too.

  Had the place been less public he
would surely have taken her in his
arms. But dinner was barely an hour
off, and guests were likely to l>e pass-
ing at any minute.

  Moreover, being at the angle of the
corridor, they were likely to come
upon them without any warning what-
ever; just as they had come upon one
another.

  “ Rosie,” he said, without the
slightest premeditation or considera-
tion, “ I've been very unhappy and
very foolish, and Mrs. Darling has

brought me to my senses. She doesn’t
want me and she doesn’t want the
ring. Will you take it back? Will
you take me back? She says that you
are the one I love, and 1 think she
knows.”

  All this at headlong speed, spoken
as fast as he could form and utter the
word. As he ended he opened the
hand that had been fumbling at a
pocket and showed her the ring—her
engagement ring—lying in his palm.

  She seemed to stumble and fall side-
ways against the wall, and his arm
went out to steady her.

  “ Oh ! ” she gasped. “ And ma-
ma? What of mama?”

  “ We'll run away and get married.”
His words were as wild as her own.
" We’ll tell no one. We’ll fly. And
afterward—afterward—” But there
he stuck.

  “ And mama ? ” she said again.
“ And mama ? ”

  He was sure now' that for him she
was the only woman in the world.
“ We will live abroad,” he said
heartily. “ Ceylon, Yukon, or some
place ”—his imagination surely had
limitations this evening—“and we will
never come back.”

  Rosamond at length achieved con-
trol.

  “ Mama will never leave us in
peace.” she declared. “ Mama will
find us wrherever we go. Believe me,
mama is quite set against the mar-
riage. She will not have it. And she
says if it goes forward ever, she'll
surely take you away from me. I
can't tell you what awful things she's
told me—things you’ve said to her.
Terrible things.”

  At that he paled and loosed her
hand. Certainly the corridor was far
too public for this kind of conversa-
tion: and yet all he could sense was
the odor of probable triumph—the ex-
altation. the exhilaration of winning
out.

  Never mind the mother; that sel-
fish, narrow-viewed American grass-
widow, who had her little way of
THE MAN-EATER.

691

having her little way on all occasions
and under all circumstances.

  He was determined that Rosamond
Veynol must go off with him, so that
Nma—and everybody else, of course,
might hear of it. All other considera-
tions were forgotten. He seized her
hand again.

  “ Listen, my dear girl,” he pleaded.
“ We do love one another. We’ve
said so a thousand times. Your
mama doesn’t want the match, and
we've tried to break it off. We can't
break it off. It’s too strong for us.
We both have found that out.

  “ W’hen I suddenly saw 'you this
morning I knew it was too strong for
me. Now you know it too. But we
can’t put it through in the open. So
let us put it through in the only other
way. Let’s run off. And at once.”

  She lifted her eyes to his and he
felt that she would help him to manage
it somehow. He didn’t stop an in-
stant to consider that perhaps she too
had her triumph to secure. Rosa-
mond was human too.

 There was the world, and her
mother, and—Mrs. Darling. Oh. es-
pecially there was Mrs. Darling. Car-
leigh didn’t know, and Nina didn’t
know. Nobody knew, in fact, but
Rosamond Veynol.

  Caryll took her in his arms, unre-
sisting, and hugged her very close.
He had been warned about the corri-
dor, but he didn't heed in time.

  He was still holding her, and his
lips*were pressed tightly to hers, when
Cecile turned the angle and uttered a
little cry of astonishment.

  Of course there was no escape.

  “ We—we’re going to be married
at once,” Carleigh explained, stam-
meringly. And Rosamond nodding,
blushed as red as a peony.

  “ I am glad,” Cecile congratulated.

  “ But—but—you see,” the young
baronet continued, one arm still held
possessively about his fiancee’s waist,
“ while we’re delighted that you
should know, we aren’t quite ready to
tell society in general.”

  “ I understand perfectly. Rely on
me to preserve your confidence. I
think it is positively lovely.”

  “Yes, isn’t it?” said Rosamond.

“ Caryll and I were made for one an-
other. You do understand, don’t you,
dear Mrs. Archdeacon ? ”

  “ Perfectly/’ repeated Cecile. “ By
the bye. dear, the car has been waiting
for you this half hour. If you’ve
changed your mind—"

  Rosamond shook her head vigor-
ously. “ Oh, but I haven’t,” she re-
turned. Then she said to Caryll: “ I’m
going over to The Manse, at Ranleigh
Copse for a couple of days. If you’d
care to ride over to-morrow—”

  “Care to?” he murmured. “How
can I wait until to-morrow? Suppose
I run over with you now, just to see
you safely there.”

  “ Won’t you be late getting back to
dinner?” asked the chatelaine of
Carfen House. “ The countess might,
you know, be annoyed."

  Carleigh smiled. “ As the earl has
failed to fit me with pumps.” he said,

“ I consider myself excusable. Would
vou mind explaining for me, mv dear
Cecile?”

  Of course he drove over to The
Manse with Rosamond. Nothing in
the world could have held him back
just then.

  And on the way he told her of how
nearly he had lost his life in the fire
and of how her face had come before
him in what he believed was his last
moment.

  “ That should prove beyond every-
thing how I love you, dearest." he
murmured.

  “ I don’t require any proof, Caryll.
tny own,” she said. “ I feel it so deep,
deep down in the heart of me. Our
brain knows other things, but it is with
our heart that we know the things of
love.”

  There was a great deal of this sort
of thing on the way over, and if the
chauffeur had sharp ears he must have -
been very much amused or — very
much bored.
692

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Love-making is always so infinitely*
entertaining to the lovers, with every
burning word a fresh delight; and yet
how tiresome, flat, trite, stale, and un-
profitable to the disinterested yet en-
forced listener.

  Carleigh got back to Cross Saddle
Ilall in ample time to dress for dinner,
and found no less than a dozen pairs
of pumps of varying sizes spread out
on his floor for inspection and selec-
tion.

  After dining he redressed and went
up to town by a late train. The next
dav he returned his borrowed attire,
and then he went down to Belling-
down once more for a long and im-
portant conference with his aunt.

  It took place in Lady Bellingdown's
boudoir, and this is the way he began
it: “ Rosamond and I are to be mar-
ried within a week, and we’d like to be
married here.”

  Lady Bellingdown’s breath wras
quite taken away. She couldn't say a
thing. So her nephew proceeded:
“ You see, we thought first of going
to the registrar, saying nothing to
any one. and just slipping off to some
foreign paradise all by ourselves.

  “ But Rosamond says she never ex-
pects to be married but once, and that
as she has her wedding-gown all ready
and waiting she might as well wear it
and show it.”

  “ But I thought—” began his kins-
woman, and got no farther.

  “ You thought I was in love with
Mrs. Darling,” he interrupted. “ So
I— No, I wasn't. I was fascinated,
infatuated. But I— Of course you
heard about the fire at Carfen?”

  “ We heard she was horribly burned.
Do tell me the particulars.”

  “ They say she’s disfigured.” he ex-
plained. “ Tier face is all swathed
now.”

  “ That will rob her of her power.
And she was so beautiful.”

    Yes, she was beautiful,” agreed
Carleigh. “ And she did have power.
She could make a man forget his
eternal soul.”

  “ Nina was wonderful at making
men forget.” said his Aunt Kitty.
“ She made you forget, didn’t she? ”

  “ For a little while. Then, by
purest chance, I saw Rosamond again,
and—well, I knew that she was the
only woman J could ever really care for
as one’s wife should be cared for. She
is an angel.”

  " But her mother?”

  “ Ah, her mother. We are going to
keep clear of Mrs. Veynol.”

  “ Can you?”

  “ Certainly. We must, you see. I
don’t know what it is, but she rouses
all the devil there is in me. And
then—” He paused.

 “And then?” Lady Bellingdown
asked.

  “ Then she tells Rosamond.”

  “ Was that how she separated you
before? I never exactly knew.”
u That was at the bottom of it.”

  “ And you mean to be married now
—here—without letting her know? ”

  “ Yes. Once we are married, what
can she do? Rosie’s of age, you know.
She doesn’t have to ask any one’s con-
sent. When she is Lady Carleigh we
can defy the mater.”

  “ But I thought you were going to
keep out of the way.”

“We are if — if we can. Absence
is better than defiance, isn't it?”
“Absence may be defiance,” said his
aunt. “ I didn't think of it that way.”
“ Yes,” he agreed, but he evidently
had some misgiving.

  “ But you’re not so certain as you
were a minute ago that you can keep
the place of your absence a secret. Is
that it?”

  “Mrs. Veynol has an uncanny fac-
ulty of finding things out.” he con-
fided miserably.

  “ Now, there’s where Nina has an
advantage,” Lady Bellingdown sug-
gested. “ She has no mother. You
would have had 110 distressing mother-
in-law.”

  Sir Carvll was thoughtful. Then:
“ But Mrs. Darling is too old for me.
She said so herself.”
THE MAN-EATER.

  “ I suppose that's true. Nina seems
fixed in her purpose never to marry.
Fancy a woman saying she is too old
for any man! ”

  “ She counts by experience rather
than years possibly. One would never
think of age in her case if she didn’t
remind one.”

  “ She’s very lovely,” said Kitty
Bellingdown with something of final-
ity. “ Where will you and Rosamond
spend your honeymoon?” she added.

  “ That's just it/’ Carleigh returned
with knitted brow\ “ It’s the one
problem that troubles me. Honey-
moon places are so devilishly well
known. All Mrs. Veynol would have
to do is to keep her eyes on the news-
papers. She’d spot us within a week.
And then—she'd follow7.”

  “ You might travel incognito."

  “ On one’s wedding journey? Nev-
er! How7 can you think of it, Aunt
Kitty? Don’t you see—”

  “ Of course I see,” she broke in.
“ Forgive me. It never once occurred
to me.”

  Then they let that question drop,
having been frightened away by thus
'•traying on dangerous ground.

  The arrangements for the nuptials
were all completed in the next hour.
They were not to be in any w-ise sim-
ple. They were to be very imposing,
in fact, with a whole houseful of
guests, hurriedly brought together, yet
every one under a strict bond of
secrecy.

  Rosamond was to stop on at the
Manse until the second day be-
fore. Then she was to withdraw her
trousseau from where it had been so
hurriedly rushed into storage in Lon-
don and appear at Bellingdown on the
eve of her last day of maidenhood.

  Lord Waltheof was deputed to look
after minor details; but Lord Kneed-
rock, could his consent l>e obtained,
was to be best man.

  Carleigh saw personally to this, of
course, and encountered no trouble.
Kneedrock consented without demur
and offered to see his grace, the arch-

bishop of Highshire, and arrange with
him to perforin the ceremony.

  And, wonder of wonders, every-
thing was carried ouj precisely as
planned! The Septeml)er day proved
glorious. The sun shone on the bride
in good omen, and the bride was a
picture of loveliness.

  Many of the presents, returned six
weeks before, came back in the same
wrappings, and most of the rest would
probably come later when the givers
learned what had happened and how.

  But no one — not even Lady Bel-
lingdown—was given a hint as to the
honeymoon destination of bride and
bridegroom.

  They drove away toward London
under a deluging shower of rice and
old slippers, and with wrhite ribbon—
yards and yards of it — streaming
from every attachable place on Sir
Caryll’s own motor-car.

  After they had gone the guests
continued very merry. A great quan-
tity of champagne had been consumed
in drinking the health and happiness
of the launched voyagers on the mat-
rimonial sea, and every one’s spirits
were keyed high.

  Every' one’s, that is to say. except
Kitty Bellingdown’s and Kneedrock's.

  “Poor dear Caryll!” sighed his
aunt, who, like some others, always
chose to weep over those that were
given in matrimony. “ Well, and so
he’s married at last! ”

  “And such a surprise!” exclaimed
the duke. “ I say, Doody, wasn’t it a
surprise? ”

  Doody didn’t say anything. She
wras trying a new dance - step with
Waltheof.

  “ And so now there’s an end to the
gossip.” contributed Charlotte Grey.

 Kneedrock, who had his back
turned, w'heeled around.

  “Oh. is there?” he observed in his
characteristic ringing undertone.

  The duchess gave over trying the
dance-step, and joined the group.

  “ His mother - in - law’ will be after
them, of course,” she said. “ There'll
694

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

be no keeping it from her. Such a.
dreadful person she is!”	(

  " She rides races in boy's clothes.”
put in the duke. “ She does—doesn t
she, Doody ?

  “And slie bathes in one-piece. Con-
tinental bathing - suits." volunteered
Waltheof. “ I’ve seen her at Ostend.
Ripping figure for the mother of such
a big girl! ”

  “ I wonder what will happen next? "
mused Lady Bellingdown, who loved
Carleigh like a son and was more than
a little frightened.

  “ Nina will happen next.” said Lord
Kneedrock. sotto voce.

  He was wondering why it was that
the new Lady Carleigh reminded him
so much of that Ramsay girl he had
met through Nina at Simla.

CHAPTER XXII.

The Interrupted Honeymoon.

THE Carleighs went to Madeira
for their honeymoon. It is a
popular place for honeymoons;
but not so popular as some others, be-
cause it’s farther away.

  No one knew but they, and they
hoped that the mater wouldn't find
out. They didn't in the least see how
she was to find out.

  Rosamond went so far as to write
her a letter, omitting all mention of
her wedding, of course, dating it from
San Remo, and sending it there under
cover to a confidential friend, to be
mailed to “ dear mama,” who, it so
happened, was still in Dublin.

  Having thus taken every precaution
to guard against pursuit, they threw
care to the winds and reveled in their
new and blissful companionship, amid
tropical surroundings.

  Everything, amused them — the na-
tives. the bullock-sledges, the redes—
hammocks swung on poles and carried
by native bearers.

  They explored the long ravine, visi-
ble from the windows of their rooms
in the hotel at Funchal, riding on the

backs of gaily harnessed mules and
sampling the wines of the vineyards
along the way.

  Of evenings there were always the
botanical gardens, with their palms
and rhododendrons, and the light-
hearted Madeirans making a fiesta of
the hour.

  There had been two weeks of it
now — rapturous weeks — with Mrs.
Veynol so far from their thoughts
that even momentary memories had
ceased to obtrude.

  They sat in the half light of the
gardens, a giant palm nodding above
them, a soft breeze in their faces,
lovers of another land—but still lov-
ers like themselves — sauntering by,
the men swinging malacca-sticks, the
women's bright eyes shining beneath
becomingly arranged mantillas, and
believed paradise their very own.

  And that was the moment that Fate
chose for dropping a shadow. It de-
scended while their heads were turned
the other way, and their first warning
was when a voice they both knew and
recognized instantly fell like the knell
of doom on their joy-attuned ears.

  “ Aren’t you going to kiss mother,
son ? ”

  Carleigh seemed propelled to his
feet. It appeared to him that he came
up with a whirling motion. If he
could only have gone on whirling and
rising, like certain cardboard toys he
remembered to have seen, it would
have been such a satisfaction.

  But, instead, he seemed to whirl
straight into his mother-in-law’s open
arms, which closed affectionately —
oh. so affectionately!—around him.
And it wasn't at all a nice kiss she
gave him or he gave her.

  There was nothing maternal about
it. It was so ardent that he felt
ashamed, and when he was at length
released and caught sight of Rosa-
mond’s eyes he was more ashamed
than ever. He couldn't understand
himself.

  He didn’t love Sibylla Veynol. He
was sure he didn't. He would have
THE MAN-EATER.

695

been delighted never to see her again.
And he did love her daughter. Vet
this was the way it had been before.

  Then their kisses had been in se-
cret. Now that she had the right she
chose to demand them openly. Here-
tofore she had told her daughter
things. Now she meant to show her.

  " I don't know whether to kiss you,
Rosamond, or not,” she said. “ That
letter you sent me from San Remo
was a very low piece of work.”

  “ But. mama —” began Lady Car-
leigh, and got no farther.

  “ What must the world think,” her
mother went on. “ when it learns you
are married and that I was not bidden
to your wedding?”

  “ Why, mama —” the bride at-
tempted once more.

  “ I don’t blame Caryll in the least,”
mama continued. “ I am sure that he
had nothing to do with it. He would
have been only too glad to have me
there. It was you, my ungrateful
daughter—my own flesh and blood—
who was at the bottom of it all.”

  “ Oh, I say—” It was Carleigh
who made the attempt this time.

  “ No* you needn’t speak,” Mrs.
Veynol checked him. “ You are a
gentleman and wish to take the blame
on your own shoulders; but, no mat-
ter what you said, I shouldn’t believe
you. Fortunately, I know my own
daughter at last.”

  “ It—it was the only way,” Rosa-
mond faltered.

  “ It w?as a very wicked way. Still,
I don’t see how I am to blame you.
Caryll is so fascinating it is all 1 can
do to resist him myself. But — oh,
dear, I had quite forgotten! ”

  She turned abruptly to where a fair-
haired young man, slightly round-
shouldered, stood hat in hand behind
her. “ Let me present Mr. Miles
O’Connor, Lady Carleigh—Sir Caryll
Carleigh.”

  Rosamond inclined her head, and
Carleigh bowed a little stiffly. Mr.
Miles O’Connor withdrew a tenta-
tively advanced hand.

  “ Mr. O’Connor,” explained Mrs.
Veynol, “ is the subeditor of British
Socicty. It was through him that I
located you. How he managed it I
don’t know. I am curious myself;
but he tells me it is an office secret,
which is equivalent to a secret of the
confessional.”

  Neither Sir Caryll nor his wife
spoke. Both would have liked to cut
out the tongue that had betrayed them.

  “ Mr. O'Connor came with me from
London. He has been most kind and
considerate. I can never hope to re-
pay him.”

  “ Has British Society ceased publi-
cation?” asked Carleigh bitingly.

  “ It’s a little vacation I'm taking.”
ventured the subeditor.

  “ Sorry you delayed it so long,”
rejoined the baronet, still more acidly.

  “ We were fortunate enough to se-
cure rooms on the same corridor with
you at your hotel,” Mrs. Veynol dis-
closed.

  “ Mr. O'Connor again, I assume,”
said Carleigh. “ As capable a courier
as an editor—I mean as a subeditor.”
“ Sir Caryll is pleased to be iron-
ical,” snapped the young Irishman,
boiling.

  “ I'm not pleased at all,” Sir Caryll
replied equivocally. “ Ordinarily I
am most complacent, but I can't bear
a sneaking, snooting busybody who’s
always attending to ever)’ one’s busi-
ness but his own.”

  O’Connor’s fists doubled, but Mrs.
Veynol laid a quieting hand on his
curving shoulder.

  “ Caryll dear,” she soothed, “ 3rou
are unjust. You are, really. Mr.
O’Connor has served me at great
personal sacrifice. I don't know what
I should have done without him.
When I learned that Rosamond was
not at San Remo — had never been
there — I was torn with anxiety.
Fancy the feelings of a fond mother!
I applied to Mr. O’Connor in my ex-
tremity, and he proved himself a
friend in need.”

  Carleigh turned away, but no less
696

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

vexed. In his wife’s eyes he saw'
tears glistening. And they had been

so inexpressibly happy.

  He was tempted to allude to British
Society’s theory of why his engage-
ment had been broken — to inquire
about the convict first husband — his
Rosamond’s own father—but he re-
sisted the impulse, determining, never-
theless, to thrash out the matter with
Mrs. Yeynol privately at the first op-
portunity.

  But there was no opportunity that
evening. He managed it, however,
the following morning. He was astir
early, leaving Rosamond, who had
been wakeful from nervousness, to
get some compensating slumber.

  And he met his mother-in-law, as if
by prearrangement, in the hotel gar-
dens while the dew was still on leaf
and flower. To his delight she was
unattended.

  “ You growr younger every time I
see you.” he said, kissing her hand in
the continental fashion he knew she
liked. “ You might be Rosa’s sister.”

  It was odd how against his will such
pretty speeches were wrung from him
bv this woman who in one way re-
pelled him.

  They strolled about for a while,
and then sat down on a bench, which
Carleigh did not observe was in full
view from his wife’s windows. But '
it was.

  “ Couldn’t you have come here
alone, mater?” he asked. It was the
first time he had called her that, and
it didn’t please her. He saw it before
she spoke.

    For Heaven’s sake, Caryll dear,
don’t!” she begged. “You make me
feel a hundred. If you can’t find a
pet name for me you may call me Si-
bylla, or Sibyl, or just Sib. But I’ll
hate you if you mater me. And I don’t
want to hate you. I don’t really.”

  “ No more than I wish to hate
you. he laughed. “ But I will unless
you send that Irish bounder about his
business. Fancy you fetching a cad
like that, Sibyl-^-dear! ”

  “ But I didn't,” she protested. “ It
was he who fetched me. He would
find Rosamond for me on no other
terms. W’e came by train to Lisbon,
you know. And he never men-
tioned Funchal until we were on the
steamer.”

  “ He’s even more of a cad than I
thought then.”

  “ He’s in love with me,” Sibylla
said.

  “ And vou have encouraged him.
Good Lord!”

  “ For a purpose. Purely for a pur-
pose.”

  “ And after what he did — after
that vile screed he published.”

  She colored softly. “ Then you
saw it ? ” she asked.

  “ It was sent to me in Scotland. Of
course I knew it wrasn’t true. I was
tempted to horsew'hip the beggar.”

  “ But it was true,” she declared
boldly. “ That was the worst of it.1'

  And at that Carleigh sat suddenly
upright, whereas he had been loung-
ing. “ I never knew it. I never
threwr Rosamond over for it. You
know that.”

  “ That w’as its only inaccuracy.
The prison part w*as quite true. Your
wife’s father is still serving his sen-
tence in the United States Federal
Prison at Atlanta, Georgia.”

  “And you never told me! She never
told me!” he cried reproachfully.

  “ It w-as a secret we thought buried.
Why should we have dug it up?”

  “ Because I was marrying into the
family. I was entitled to—”

  “ I had no intention of permitting
you to marry into family. You must
grant I did all in my power to stop it.
I even resorted to attracting you my-
sell. I felt sure that my daughter
would never marry a man* who flirted
with her mother. It was shameful
perhaps, but I could not afford to be
too discriminating.”

  “ You had far better have told me.”
he protested.

  “ You mean that if you had known
you would not have married ? ”
THE MAN-EATER.

697

  “ No. I am not sure. But I should
have had the chance to consider. Now
it is too late/’

  Mrs. Veynol laughed ringingly.

  “ Not at all,” she denied. “ Mar-
riage is the least irrevocable of steps.
Give my daughter the grounds and 1
promise you she will divorce you.”

  “ I have messed things up.” mused
Carleigh dismally.

  “ You see, I’ve lost neither time nor
effort to let you know/’ said Mrs.
Veynol. “As a gentleman, though,
you will preserve my confidence. As
a son-in-law I have told you what I
could not even as a f utur”

  “ But the whole world knows it/'
he retorted. “ It has been published.”
“ And it has been denied—retracted
with an apology—a very abject apol-
ogy. Mr. O’Connor did it. He was
most kind.”

  Carleigh fell to musing again. Fi-
nally he said: “ What was your first
husband’s name ? ”

  “ The same as always,” she an-
swered, smiling at his past tense.
“ He hasn’t changed it. It was only
I that changed mine and Rosamond's.
His name is Ramsay — J. Sprague
Ramsay.”

  “ You divorced him before or after
he went to prison?” Caryll asked.

  “ I divorced him when he went to
prison,” was her precise answer.
“ Then I took back my maiden name,
called my daughter Rosamond in-
stead of Jane—she had been christened
Jane Rosamond — and deserted the
world that knew us for Cape Town,
where I met Mr. Veynol and married
him.”

  “ You are an ambitious woman,
Sibyl,” observed her son - in - law
thoughtfully.

  “ Yes, I am,” she admitted candid-
ly. “ And, you see, my ambition runs
higher than a mere baronet. Let the
girl divorce you, and I'll marry her to
an earl/’

  “ But I’m not going to let the girl
divorce me.” He had reached a de-
cision. “ I love her too much, and—”

His eyes dwelt appraisingly for a mo-
ment on the woman beside him. In
her dark, Spanish, almost gipsy way,
she held a lure that for the susceptible
Carleigh was well - nigh irresistible.
" And,” he added, “ her mother is far
too fascinating.”

  Mrs. Veynol laughed, but his flat-
tery was not lost. “ Kiss mother,
son,” she commanded and leaned to-
ward him.

  He glanced furtively from right to
left. Not a soul was in sight. Then
he took her in his arms and pressed
her close, and the kiss was that of the
night before over again. If anything
it was warmer.

  The subeditor left Madeira by the
next calling steamer, liberally remu-
nerated for his services.

  Relieved of his presence, the Car-
leighs and Mrs. Veynol stayed on.
They stayed for another fortnight.
Then they traveled to Nice, arriving
a little in advance of the season.

  No one of them, however, was
quite happy. The serpent had entered
paradise, and its sweetest fruits had
turned acrid.

  In these days Sir Caryll talked
more with his mother-in-law than he
did with his wife. Her experience
was wider, and she had more imagi-
nation.

  Occasionally there were revelations
that were like sudden drops into icy
waters. For instance, one day when
they had gone to Monte Carlo to-
gether, leaving Rosamond at Nice
with a headache or some other ill.
she surprised him bv saying:

  “ It's odd Nina Darling never told
you of us.”

  “You mean she knew?” he asked
in astonishment.

  “ I’m not sure. We’ve never met—
since. But we were great friends five
years ago in Simla.”

  “It isn’t possible she knows?”
said Carleigh.

  “ I wouldn’t be certain,” said the
whilom Mrs. Ramsay. “She can keep
a secret. None better. You know,
698

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

there's no doubt she shot poor Dar-
ling. They were alone in the gun-
room together, and he couldn't have

done it himself.”

  “ I’ll never believe that.” he re-
turned.

  “ Then you’ll never believe the
truth.”

  “But why? What was her ob-
ject?”

  ** She wanted him out of the way
to marry Lord Kneedrock. who was
supposed to be dead, but was only
buried for eight years in the South

  “Nonsense!” said Carleigh. “She
doesn’t love Kneedrock. Never did.
I’ve seen them together. I've heard
them both talk, and I know.”

  “ I told you she could keep a se-
cret." said Sibylla Veynol.

  They reUirned to Nice before din-
ner, and Carleigh found his wife
reading.

  “ Feeling more fit?” he asked.

  “ I shall never feel more fit," she
answered without looking up from
her book.

  “You don’t mean it’s incurable?
Have you had in the physician? ”

  “ Oh, it’s not physical,” she replied
petulantly. “ It's mental. It's the
conditions. I’m sick of everything.
You don’t care in the least for me any
more. You haven’t since mama came
back. You had an assignation with
her in the gardens of the hotel at Fun-
chal the very next morning, and you
kissed her there under my window. I
saw you.”

  The thing took him so by surprise
that he couldn't muster a single word
for defense.

  “ I do wish you'd leave me,” she
went on. " Why don't you ask mama
to bolt with you? I'm sure she would,
and then I’d be rid of you both.”

  He nearly reeled under the shock of
that speech. It held him still mute. It
was painfully plain that something was
wrong in a social fabric which made it
possible for a wife to say such a thing
—a young and pretty wife, too. And

to say it without seeming to find it very

heinous.

  He noticed that she yawned and
went on reading her book.

  When lie fully sensed it all, hours
later, alone on the promenade, he de-
cided to go off. But not with ” ma-
ma.”

CHAPTER XXIII.
A Mysterious Widow of Bath.

JUST as soon as she could possibly
manage it Nina left the Dalgries,
and alone with her maid hied her-
self to that stupidest of all English re-
sorts—Bath.

  There she took a flat and secured
two servants, and kept herself so se-
cluded that the story went abroad that
the blind beggar in the famous poem
was a beauty beside her.

  Some said that she was sightless and
some that she had been scarred beyond
all recognition; but nobody really
knew because nobody had really seen
her.

  Nobody, that is to say, except her
surgeon and his assistant, and Del-
phine, the French maid.

  Nina chose Bath because of this
wonderful surgeon. Mr. Pottovv. who
was connected with the chief hospital
there, and knew more about the skin
and cutaneous affections than any
man in England.

  He promised to restore her if res-
toration were possible, but he was very
reticent about the method until his
success was assured. Then he told
her that it had been necessary to resort
to the grafting of new and healthy
skin to take the place of that which
had been scorched practically to a
cinder.

  “ But where did you get it?” Nina
asked, deeply interested. She knew
that it had not been taken from her
and transplanted.

  “ I was fortunate enough to find a
volunteer,” answered the surgeon.

” I suppose she required some fab-
THE MAN-EATER.

699

ulous price," Nina rejoined. “But if
it has given me back an unmarred
countenance I shall be only too glad to
pay."

  “ There is nothing to pay,” Mr.
Pottow told her. “ He gave it gra-
tuitously, and was glad to."

  “He gave it!” exclaimed the pa-
tient starting up, impelled by flooding
emotions.

  “ Yes, he.”

  “ Shall I have to shave ? ” she asked,
seriously startled by the dread possi-
bility.

  “ No,” came the answer with a
smile. “ The skin wasn’t from his
chin. There’ll be no beard to bother
you.”

  “ I'd much rather had it from my
own sex,” she pouted.

  “ My sex is less selfish,” said the
surgeon. “ Few women would sacri-
fice their cuticle that an afflicted sister
might regain her beauty.’’

  “ Still I don’t like the idea of being
even that much man,” she insisted. “ I
have always been so thoroughly — so
entirely feminine.”

  “ The cells are constantly renewing
themselves.” It was the scientist
speaking. “ You will wear these only
temporarily.”

  Nina thought for a moment. Then
she said: “Of course I shall pay him.

I	shall insist on it.”

  “ I’m sure he won't accept. He re-
garded it a great privilege, he was
delighted at the opportunity.”

  And at that she became really
alarmed. It was some one she knew,
of course. It was one or another, no
doubt, of the army of lovers she had
sent about their business when their
ardor grew too oppressive.

  But which one? Ah, that was the
question—which one ?

  “ But you’ve put me under a terrible
obligation,” she complained. “ I think
you should have consulted me, Mr.
Pottow, before accepting such a sacri-
fice. I am very uncomfortable over
it.”

  “ You should have been more un-

comfortable disfigured for life." he re-
plied sagely.

  Of course it wasn't Nibbetts. He
would delight in seeing her hideous.
The cabinet minister was out of the
question, too. He'd be sure to get into
the newspapers. Besides, he was very'
bitter.

  The soldier of fortune was out of
the country. And Carleigh was mar-
ried and honeymooning. The Ameri-
can aviator had been killed volplan-
ing.

  “ It might be the poet.” she said
aloud.

  “ I don’t think lie’s ever been guilty
of sonnets,” observed Pottow. “ Still
we never know. He’s most interested
now in sheep-raising and in quarrying
freestone.”

  “ Good Heavens!” cried Mrs. Dar-
ling. “ He isn’t even a gentleman.
How could you? Oh, how could you,
Mr. Pottow?”

  He smiled quizzically and excused
himself with: “ I hadn't any choice,
you know. To tell the truth. I’ve done
so much of this sort of thing that I’ve
reduced the visible supply of skin,
here in Bath, to the minimum."

  “ I don’t see how he knew me," she
went on, puzzled.' “ I’m very seclud-
ed here. I don’t know a soul in the
place, except you.”

  “ You know him, or did. He says
he owes you something, and—"

  “What is his name?” she demand-
ed, interrupting.

  “ I thought you'd ask that before.
But you wished to place him for your-
self, didn’t you? And I’m afraid you'll
have to. You see, when he volun-
teered it was on certain conditions:
and that he was not to be known in the
premises was one of them.’

  “ But you’ve told me everything but
his name."

  “ That was especially stipulated."

■ “ And I am never to be any the
wiser?” she inquired. “That seems
hardly fair. Since I can't pay him I
certainly should be permitted to thank
him.”
700

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ I’ll take your thanks to him.”

  “ No. 1 wish to thank him myself,

in person.”

  '* You want him to come here? ”

  “ I want him to come here—just as
soon as I am fit to be seen."

  •• He’ll come to-day, if you say so,"
he surprised her with.

  “ Oh, no, 110, no. Not while I'm
like this.”

  " But he’s seen you worse than this,
remember. He’s been in this room a
dozen—a score of times.”

  “ Here!” she exclaimed, amazed.
"Of course. While your eyes were
bandaged. While the transfer was
made.”

  Then he saw how awful I was? ”
“ I fancy he didn’t regard you as
awful. He seemed—’’

  But she wouldn’t let him go on.
“ Send him this evening.” she com-
manded, “ and I’ll have the lights ar-
ranged so that I can see him while I
myself am veiled by the kindly
shadow.”

  When the surgeon was gone Nina
fell to wondering once more. There
were flirtations she had totally forgot-
ten ; there was no question about that.
But she had always been rather a
stickler for caste, and she couldn't at
all reconcile the sheep-raising and the
stone-quarrying with any of her light-
ly amorous adventures.

  Perhaps, after all, she had been on
the wrong track. Certainly she had
been on the wrong track. This man
owed her something, the perplexing
Pottow had said, meaning evidently a
debt of gratitude.

  Then it couldn’t be one of those.
They were the last persons to think
themselves in arrears of that kind. It
must be some one she had befriended.
She supposed she had befriended poor
men on occasions, but she couldn’t re-
call individual cases.

  Possibly it was a coachman or gar-
dener. or one of the tenantry at some
place she had been years gone.

  Or—why to be sure—some private
from the ranks, who hud completed

his service, fallen heir to a little farm
and a little quarry here in Somerset-
shire, and settled down to the prosaic
life of a plodding civilian.

  The idea robbed the prospect of the
meeting of most of its interest. And
it was the only idea she could accept.
She even forgot to tell Delphine that
she was expecting a caller, and she for-
got. too, to have the lights arranged as
she had planned.

  When, therefore, her maid came to
her with the announcement that a gen-
tleman was calling—a gentleman who
wouldn't give his name, but said that
he came at Mr. Pottow’s suggestion—
she was not in the least prepared.

  “ Does he seem a gentleman, Del-
phine ?” she asked, interested afresh.

  “ Oh, oui, madatne! A young gen-
tleman, and good-looking.”

  “ Have you ever seen him before? ”
“ Of a certainty, madame. Here,
with M. Pottow.”

  “But you never heard his name?”
  “ Never, madame.”

  Then, hastily, she had her arrange
the lights and give her a fan with
which to mask the lower part of her
features where the now healing burns
were still more or less unsightly.

  And then she waited—sure still that
she was to be disappointed.

  She heard the steps at length in the
passage, and fixed her eyes upon the
door. But the light was not very good
there either—she had had it concen-
trated as far as possible on the chair
placed for the visitor at least four
yards from her bedside, toward the
foot and facing her.

  He was in the room now. just over
the threshold, bowing at what must
have seemed to him just a black
shadow, and save that he was tall, and
that his figure was gracefully slender,
what she saw meant nothing to her
whatever. He hadn't even spoken, so
there was no voice to recognize.

  As he came forward, though, there
was something in his walk and carri-
age that seemed familiar, though she
couldn’t place them for the life of her.
THE MAN-EATER.

701

  “ Do sit down,” she urged. “ There!
I'd rather you wouldn’t come nearer.”

  Still he didn’t speak. But he sat
down as she bade him with the light
full on his face, and she saw he was
Gerald Andrews.

  It was quite a minute before she
could speak. Then, “ You—of all the
persons in the world! ” she breathed
barely above a whisper.

  “ It is odd that we should meet
again here under such circumstances,”
he agreed, pleasantly amused over her
astonishment. “ And yet not so sin-
gular, either. It's a tight little island,
this, and any two persons on it are
more or less likely to run across each
other in time.”

  “ But I thought you were still in
India,” she said.

  “ It’s three years since I came home.
The governor died suddenly, and—
well, there were things to be looked
after."

  Nina smiled, thinking of what Mr.
Pottow had told her.

  “ Where’s little boy blue that looks
after the sheep? " she quoted. “ Was
that it? ”

  “ Yes,” he answered. “ the sheep
were part of it. But the quarry is the
biggest job.”

  She wondered how she could be so
rude to him after all he had done.
Somehow it didn’t just seem to her a
gentleman's work. But he wasn’t
ashamed of it, evidently. And she was
glad of that.

  “ I read in the newspapers about
your misfortune,” he told her. ** I’m
glad you came to Pottow. He’s the
best man on scars in all England."

  “ Scars,” she repeated, remember-
ing. But it would be ruder still to ask
him about his. She wondered whether
he really did think of her every time
he shaved.

  “ He took an old scar out for me—
a very delicate bit of work, too."

    How vain you must be! " she ex-
claimed.

  11	Xo; it was hardly vanity. I was
ashamed of it, not for what it was, but

for what it meant. It symbolized cow-
ardice, and I was ashamed of that."

  “1 remember,” she said; '‘but I'll
forget it, if you’d rather.”

  “ I would rather.”

  “ You’re stronger now, aren't you?
I'm so glad.”

  Then for the first time came some-
thing of that old boyish lilt in his voice
that recalled the Simla days—days
prior to the night of the season’s last
dance at Viceregal Lodge, which
wasn’t the end of everything, after all.

  “ Are you glad, really? " he asked,
delighted. “ Do you care just that
little bit?”

  “ Indeed I am." she told him. “ I
care a great deal—for your happiness.
I want you to be happy.”

  “ I'm hardly that,” he confessed.
“ That is, I haven't been. But I'm
very nearly so this evening."

  She must have experienced some lit-
tle emotion, for she forgot her fan for
an instant and left her chin unmasked.
But she lifted it again almost in-
stantly.

  “ How good 3rou have been to me! ”
she murmured. “ I didn't deserve
such sacrifice."

  “ It wasn't a sacrifice. It was a de-
light. Besides, it was the least I could
do to make good for being a cad when
you were in trouble."

  Even in the shadow he could see
that she didn't understand. Her eyes
showed him that.

  “ I lost my head," he confessed. “ I
wasn’t only weak; I was half wild. It
was T that told Dinghal all you’d ever
said to me. It was I, really, who
started the horrid stories that got
about. I feel I can never do enough
to wipe that out.”

  To his surprise she showed no re-
sentment. “ I dare say that all you
said wasn't half the truth. I did kill
poor Darling, you know.”

  His brow contracted to a frown.

  “ You didn’t," he protested. “ You
couldn’t—you couldn't have meant to.
If you had any part in it. it was acci-
dental.”
702

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  She didn’t insist. All she said was:
“ I don’t see why you should think so
well of me. Gerald. I was perfectly

horrid to you.'

  ** Were you?” he asked, dreaming.
4k You were very good to me, too. X
can’t forget that. I don’t want to.
It's that and that only I care to re-
member.”

  “ Would you think it good of me it
I should let you come every day to see
me?" she a’sked suddenly, with fresh
impulse. “ It's a privilege I've allowed
no one."

  “Oh. will you?" he cried, delight-
ed. “ I zvould be glad.”

  “ I’ve seen no one but Mr. Pottow,
you know: not even my oldest, dearest
friends. Not my own people."

  His smile was rapturous.

  " I know it," he said. “ Have you
heard what you are called here? No?
Well, you are * the mysterious widow
of Bath.’ ”

  "Isn’t that funny?” she laughed.
‘‘Fancy how dull I have been! You
will come and amuse me. won't you,
Gerald?”

  “ Every day. And if ever I bore
you. or you'd rather not see me, say
so. You'll do that? ”

  “ I'll do that. And ”—she hesitated
just an instant—” and you mustn’t
neglect your sheep or your freestone,
you know. If you don’t come I’ll
know a lamb has strayed from the fold
and you're out on the hill looking for
it. Do you carry a crook ? ”

  “ My shepherds do," he said sol-
emnly.

  “ Send me some south-down mut-
ton. Gerald. I’m so fond of chops.”
And at that he laughed.

  “ I'm not going to be teased,” he
said and stood up. But Nina made
him sit down again. She was enjoy-
ing his call so much. She made him
stay another hour.

  lie came every day after that, as she
bade him. She usually set the hour
herself, and he arrived on the minute.

  As he was leaving one afternoon he
heard voices in the vestibule. The

housemaid was sending away an in-
sistent caller.

  “ Mrs. Darling doesn't see any
one," he heard her say.

  “ But I’m sure she'll see me." the
persistent male voice continued. ” You
just take her my card."

  “ She forbids me to fetch cards." re-
joined the housemaid. “ I’m sorry,
sir.”

  He heard the jingle of silver coin.
The caller was about to resort to bri-
bery.. As a privileged one, out of com-
passion for Nina, he would lend his
aid. He might pretend he was the at-
tending surgeon or physician, and that
it was by his orders that the patient
was denied visitors.

  He drew the door, which was slight-
ly ajar, wider. He made a third in the
vestibule. And then he recognized the
caller. It was Lord Kneedrock.

  Nibbetts recognized him. too. He
shrugged his hulking shoulders and
thrust his handful of coins back into
his pocket. Then he turned to the
housemaid again.

  “ I understand,” he said in his pene-
trating undertone. “ I quite under-
stand. Mrs. Darling sees no one.”

  Then he reopened the outer door
and stalked lumberingly away.

CHAPTER XXIV.

The Disinterested Married Man.

THERE was a house-party at Pud-
dlewood, and all the kinsfolk and
friends who haunted Belling-
down were there.

  '‘Who’s seen Nina?” asked the
duchess.

  “ No one,” answered Waltheof la-
conically.

  “ Too bad, when she's so entertain-
ing." said the duke. ** I always say
there’s no one like Nina. I say, Doody,
don't 1 say there’s nobody like Nina? ”

  “ Everybody knows what you think
of Mrs. Darling." affirmed the duchess
calmly. “ But I do wonder what she
looks like! ”
THE MAN-EATER.

703

  Charlotte Grey had been to Bath,
but had not succeeded in seeing the
recluse. She got as far as Delphine,
and that was all.

  “ Madame ne regoit personnel said
the French maid.

  “ Nibbetts has been, too,” said Kitty
Bellingdown. “ And he was equally
unsuccessful.”

  “ I thought she'd have seen you,”
ventured the duchess.

  “ I thought so, too; but it appears
not,” returned Kneedrock gloomily.

  Meanwhile the Carleigh split-up had
occurred, but the fact had not yet
reached this bureau of family and
friendly counsel.

  Strolling ruminantly on the prom-
enade at Nice, Caryll's heart turned
thirstily toward the giver of oblivion.

  “ I don’t care what she looks like,
I must see her.” he said, and he left'
by that night’s Paris rapide.

  On the journey to Bath he did a
great deal of thinking. He hadn’t
been happy for weeks—not since the
night Mrs. Veynol came so suddenly
into his paradise in Madeira.

  It is idle for a man to hope to keep
his perfect balance in a desperate flir-
tation with his own mother-in-law.
One might as well contemplate tight-
rope feats on a newly thrown and, con-
sequently, not firm rope.

  Carleigh realized that he hadn’t
made any manner of success of the
task. And the worst of it was that his
wife didn’t in the least care.

  When Sibylla had killed her daugh-
ter’s betrothal, the daughter had re-
belled slightly. She had been pale—
but she appeared happy.

  Now, however, when the marriage
had gone under, she exhibited neither
reluctance nor grief. She did not re-
sent losing her husband in the least.
She only yawned and said: “ Why
don’t you bolt with mama? ” and then
read further.

  It was all very distressing—exceed-
ingly distressing. But now he was
nearing Bath and Nina. And that
meant consolation.

  Nina, receiving his card, experienced
a rush of vivid anticipation. Is there
any situation so piquant as that of
meeting the man one did not marry
after he has “ hashed it ” with another
woman ?

  Her embargo had been lifted that
morning, and the precious new skin—
partly Gerald’s, partly her own—
which the specialist had worked so
hard to foster into beauty was at last
firm enough to stand the gaze of the
most critical of all judges — the man
that one might have married.

  Carleigh, waiting in the drawing-
room, was far more nervous than she
was. He had been told that she was
horribly disfigured, and he expected to
find her so.

  Now’ he could hear her step in the
passage. She was outside there in the
chill hall. Then the latch clicked, the
portiere swung, and—he was rising to
touch Nina Darling’s hand again.

  After all these months! The bed-
room and the bandages rushed back
upon his memory, and he was prepared
to need self-control when he should
look up. But when he did look up he
saw', with a curious jump in his heart,
that she was not scarred.

  Then in the same instant that he
realized she wras unchanged he knew
himself to be greatly changed—brand-
ed on brow as well as in soul. And he
felt that through and through.

  He took her hand—both hands—in
his and gazed thirstily into her eyes—
a serene violet-blue.

  “ I’ve blundered, too.” he said as
a greeting. “ I’ve made an unhappy
marriage, too, now. I have more
sympathy i*or you than I had. But she
never plays with guns, unfortunately.”

  He laughed, really quite gaily, for
he was most awfully glad to feel her
hand in his again. And she laughed
as well.

  “ It’s funny how people talk, isn’t
it?” she said. “Of course I never
had anything to do with it; but people
like to talk—after all these years, too.
It was just an accident.”
704

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  And it was just the only clay that
she had insisted the reverse. But that
was to another man—a different type
of man.	*

  He laughed and put his arm about
her. “ Kiss me, dear,'’ he said. “ I’m
so very unhappy.”

  If she had averted her head he
would have been her slave afresh; but
she didn’t avert her head. Instead she
kissed him placidly—so placidly that
he almost started.

  “ You see you’re married now." she
told him and drew her hand out of his
and went and sat dowTn.

  He felt stunned and sick. It was
as if there was no bottom anywhere
for a little. But then he remembered.

  “ Nina,” he said, calling her again
that which in all the fervor of his
nomenclature during the passionate,
passed-by period he had so often
voiced. “ Nina, I’ve come to ask a
sreat kindness at vour hands—two, in
fact.”

  She sat quiet, staring at him with
those lash-veiled eyes that had driven
him and so many, many others not
quite mad; and, had the lesson he had
spent months conning in such a hell
as may exist amid our earthly sur-
roundings been a bit less bitter and
thorough, he must have felt that near-
madness course in his veins again. But
he was seared so that no near-madness
was for him any more.

  “ How you’ve changed! ” she ob-
served, not seeming to notice his
speech, and speaking herself in a
certain tone of absolute childlike
wonder, which was not the least of
the weapons in her arsenal of per-
sonal persuasion. “ Why, you’ve lines
across your forehead—at your age,
too! Lines that I can see even from
here.”

  "Never mind," he said; and then
some impulse led him to go over and
kneel beside her, conscious only of an
acute wonder as to what would come
next. “ Never mind, dear girl, listen
to me.”

  She put her hand upon his head.

“ And white hairs,” she pursued,
tracing them with an astonished fin-
ger. “ At your age, too. One—five.
Why, I can count eight.”

  “ Never mind," he repeated, pulling
down the impertinent finger and won.
dering as he did so that its fresh
imprisonment left him so pitifully,
piteously, unthrilled. “ Never mind—

1 don’t care what 1 look like any '
more.

  “ It's all so futile—-life is so empty
—things seem to me so very, very
trivial. What are wrinkles beside
things—untellable things—that stone
one’s immortality and make one wish
that on the Judgment Day God Him-
self wouldn’t know!”

  Even as he spoke he caught himself
questioning whether she believed him
—whether his words stirred any feel-
ing in her.

  She dropped her eyes and pulled
her hand free.

  “ I know what you mean,” she said
in a toneless voice. “ I had such se-
crets. too. But they’re not what
people fancy them to be. People think
I killed my husband; but I didn't. I
did what you’ve done—what we all
do. I killed myself.”

  He looked at her. It was such a
pitiless, relentless glare—that into
which her words thrust his conscious-
ness.

  “ I can't believe that yours were like
mine,” he said miserably. “ No one
can ever have done what I have done.
Yes. you're right—and it has killed
me.”

  She didn't seem greatly interested.

  “ But I didn’t come to talk of that,"
he exclaimed quickly. “ I came to ask
of you two things. Will you grant
them ? ”

She turned her head, leaving only
her profile showing. “ Certainly not.”
she said. “ I will grant you nothing.”
“You mustn’t say that. You don’t
know what I’m asking.”

  “ You’re married,” she told him.

“ and I won’t have a thing to do with
you. T hate the love-making of mar-
THE MAN-EATER.

705

ried men. It’s dangerous, too, for they
always talk.”

  That dull, heavy red that had been
crimson before he took on chains stole
over his face.

  “ I’ll tell you without asking, then.”
he said. “ It may not be the great and
tremendous thing to you that it is to
me. I think, perhaps, that you may
even laugh.”

  “ Very likely,” she assented.

  He rose and went to the chimney-
piece and stood there, striving for
greater quietude. It was a long mo-
ment—minutes long.

  Then, finally, he threw over his
shoulder, “ Nina, you must hear me.
I’m going aw'ay. I'm going to cut it
all. Suetonius was pretty bad, but you
can be tracked by a mother-in-law until
life becomes hideous. I—”

  “ But everybody knew why your be-
trothal wras called off,” she said with
simple finality; “and then you delib-
erately married the girl even after
that.”

  “ I know—I know—I know.” he
cried in irritation; “but those things
must be written in the Book of Fate.
Some curses must be launched beyond
recall. At any rate, it’s done. We
both know that.”

  “ Yes, we know that,” she agreed
simply.

  “ And now I am going away, and
I’m not sure that I shall ever return.
But I want an object in going, and I
would rather have it something in
connection with you than anything
else on earth. I’ve thought what I
want to do, and I wish you'd give me
permission to do it.

  “Of course there was a man you
loved, and of course you love him yet.
Equally of course he accounts for
everything, and of course he’s still
alive or you’d be a better woman. Tf
he w as dead he’d have a hold over you
that would keep you straight.”

How funny for you to know' all
that!” she exclaimed, opening her
eyes very wide. “ You certainly have
been learning.” Then she broke forth
9 a-s

into laughter. “ And if it were the
duke now! ”

  “ Don’t laugh,” he cried angrily.
“ 1 tell you I'm in earnest. I know
that there’s a man, and that he’s
somewhere. Well, then, I want to go
where he is, and to see him face to
face, and to try to right whatever
separates you. I've got to get away—
and far away—and I'll be able to
build some sort of respect for myself
if I know that I’ve a good purpose
and a clean mission.”

  She wasn’t laughing now. He was
very much in earnest, and she had
caught some of his seriousness. It
was contagious.

  “ I understand what persons like
you and me can suffer, and how much
they need help, and how the mock of
love unfulfilled can drive them into
hideous rocks and sink them in a
seething whirlpool of temptations. I
can read your life like a book now
—can read it by the lurid light of my
own burning wreck. And so I know
that whatever might happen you
would be forgivable. And it’s what
I know—what I have learned—that I
want to tell him. And whatever is
wrong—if he believes it—if I can
make him believe— However, it—'*
And there he stopped—broke off ab-
ruptly.

  Nina was staring at him hard.

  He had spoken so fast and in such
a passion of pleading that he appeared
to be for the moment breathless. She
sal there before him in the low chair
she had chosen, and her eyes were
fixed on him.

  He had poured forth the last
phrases with his head bowed and his
hands gripping the edge of the velvet-
draped shelf behind him.

  It was she who spoke next.

  “ There is no one for you to go to."
she said—“ no one in all the wide
world. As to my husband, it was a
kind of accident.’ But really I didn’t
care if it hadn’t been. All my crimes
are against myself. I've injured no
one else. Do you understand?”
706

ALL-STORY WEEKLY

  lie nodded dumbly, feeling rather

blank.

  “There is no ‘ man ' in my life.*’
she went on. “ I never have ‘ loved *
a* women are supposed to love. I’ve
just liked men—liked them as such—
that was all."

  She paused briefly, looking at him.
expecting some word; but he was
silent.

  “ I’ve never been really bad." she
continued. “ I've never wanted to be
bad. But I like to be kissed, and I’ve
been so unhappy through just sheer
loneliness that I could only remember
a few of the commandments, and the
marriage service not at all.”

  Sir Caryll Carleigh stood very still
there, trying to read her meaning in
her face, but failing.

  “ Pretty nearly every one thinks I
was in love with Kneedrock," she
pursued presently. “ You may ask
him about that if you like. And they
think that we made way with poor
Darling between us. But they are
wrong.”

  She paused again, in doubt whether
or not to say more—whether or not
to tell the truth—the whole truth—as
she had never told it before. Carleigh
neither urged nor encouraged, but of
her own free will she decided. It was
due him in a wav. and frank confes-
sion might probably be the best thing
for her. She had carried the burden
alone now for five years, always
growing heavier, and the temptation
to share it was too much for her.

  “ He was cleaning his gun, you
see "—that was how she began it; just
that simply—“ and a cartridge shell
stuck in the barrel. He tried to get
it out, and then he held it—the gun.
I mean—and asked me to try—with a
sharp thing, you know. He thought
that it was an empty shell and so did
I. But it wasn’t. That was all.”

  Carleigh shivered ever so slightly.
“ You cannot say that you didn’t kill
him, then." he declared.

  She pursed her lips a bit thought-
fully. Already she felt better. She

had not misjudged the effect—she was

relieved.

  “ No; because of course I did. But.
on the other hand, of course I didn’t.
Anyhow, it mattered very little. I was
so mad over life and living that his
death seemed a very small event to
me. I couldn’t remember a thing at
first.

  “ The shot seemed to have stunned
my memory. But it all came back later
—horridly. The scene, I mean. Yet
the event—the fact that poor Darling
was gone—appeared of so little im-
portance. And I foolishly expected
the world to see it as I did.”

  “ But the world didn’t? ”

  “ No ” she shook her head quite se-
riously—“ the world chose to talk, and
has talked ever since. So very stu-
pidly. too.”

  Carleigh felt dazed. Nina’s view-
point was very puzzling at times.

  “ And yet I understand.” he said,
seizing 011 the most obvious end of
the tangle. “ I don’t suppose I'd—
you see I have been so close to
desperation myself — I don’t suppose
I’d care either, if—” But he got no
further.

  Nina hooked her fingers together
tightly behind her head.

  “ I wouldn’t think such thoughts if
I were you,” she said quite gravely.
“ You know if you do, the chance
comes, and then you do something
—and God—only God—will ever
measure you by what you really did
mean.”

  Then she looked at him very in-
tently and went 011 with great impres-
siveness both of tone and emphasis:
“ I did give a most awful jab with that
sharp tiling, and the cartridge ex-
ploded and killed my husband, and—
T was glad. So, of course, I am a
murderess at heart. D<*n’t you see?"

  “ Yes, I see.” said Carleigh som-
berly.

  “ And that was my crime.” she con-
tinued—“ that I wanted to do it, And
the results haven’t mattered so much.
What matters is that I wanted to do
THE MAN-EATER.

707

it. That’s all that matters. All that
can ever matter.”

  “ I understand," said the man, his
voice so low that the words were bare-
ly articulate.	*N
There was a long, grim silence
which grew oppressive.

   *‘ It’s years ago, is it not? ’ he asked
then.

  ‘‘Five years,’’ she answered. “It’s
not a pretty story, is it? How the
duchess enjoys telling it! What she
knows and what she thinks. And she’s
my great-aunt. Fancy what fun it has
afforded the rest of the world! ”

  “ That is unworthy of you,” Car-
leigh rebuked under his breath — “to
rail about the horror that has blighted
your life. I can’t laugh over horrors.
They turn me cold in the night.”

  “ Ah, but I’ve grown used to mine,”
she returned lightly. “ And besides,
it wasn’t so bad as what followed—as
the realizing that I could never be clean
again. I wonder if all those who’ve
sinned as I have sinned are trying to
till an empty life as I’ve been trying! ”
He moved to a seat, sank down and
clutched his head between his hands.
“ But love wasn’t killed in you—you
find pleasure in men. It has been in
me.”

  She whirled in her seat so sudden-
ly that he started.

  “Good Heavens!’’ she cried, “you
don’t fancy that I get any real joy out
of flirting, do you? Why, it’s only to
pass the time. I never forget for one
second. I—I couldn't.”

  There was another silence—briefer,
ihis time—and then Carleigh rose, a
bit heavily.

  “ You’re horribly human, you
know." he said. “ I don’t know what
to say or what to do. I know only that

I	long more than ever for you. You
—you couldn't care for me again, I
suppose?”

  She began to laugh. “ Oh, you very
manlike man!’’ she cried. “As if I
didn't know that was what you came
for. No; I couldn't ever care for
you. No; not possibly.”

  There was a tap on the door and the
housemaid entered with a card for
Nina, who knew whose name it bore
before she glanced at it.

  “Certainly, Wilson,” she said;
“ show Mr. Andrews in at once.”

CHAPTER XXV.

The Interested Married Man.

LORD KNEEDROCK lived, when

^ he was in town, in a small suite
in St. James's Square.

  Here Carleigh came on a bright
morning, three days later, to find
Kneedrock in the little sitting-room
reading before a fire, three windows
open and two dogs asleep at his feet.

  They talked for half an hour before
the visitor reached his point.

  “ She told me all,” he said, then.
“ I suppose it’s fairest to say outright
that she told me all."

  Kneedrock didn't look at him. He
was smoking his pipe, and his gaze
fixed itself 011 the curling clouds of
smoke that eddied in' the cross-cur-
rents of air from the open windows.

  “ I suppose that she told you she
was to blame, eh ? ” he drawled after a
moment.

  “ She said that she hadn’t cared
what happened."

  “ It isn't a pretty story, no matter
how you look at it," the viscount ob-
served, putting his reflections into
words. “ Two desperate persons who
didn't care what happened. Poor Dar-
ling! He didn’t care what happened,
either, don’t you know. I've often
wondered if he didn't load the thing
and call her to manage the discharge."

  Carleigh's eyes were fascinatedly
fixed on the flames in the grate—little
blue, dancing devils of light whose
heat was overpowered by the chill
from outside.

  “ I thought of that, too," he said,
grimly.

  “Poor Darling!” Kneedrock went
on musingly. “ I saw him before any
one else. The smoke hadn't cleared
708

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

away. His face was quite gone, you
know. It was awful.'

  ‘* Good God!”

  There was a little pause, and then

the older man said:

  ** What horrible things go on in the
world, anyhow! "

  “ Yes/’ the other said simply.

  111	saw him after that, though/’
pursued Kneedrock, “ in his coffin,
tricked out in his dress uniform, a
handkerchief spread where his face
used to be. and his head on a silk pil-
low. He looked very peaceful. Glad
it was all over, I dare say."

  Carleigh only nodded, still looking
at the fire. And then there was an-
other pause, which Kneedrock broke
eventually with: “ We're awfully
primitive. . . . Still Nina's story
wasn’t strictly primitive. It was all
warped and twisted by civilization.

  “ In the stone age things would have
been different. The troglodyte would
have clubbed Darling, and later, if the
ladv played tricks, he would have end-
ed her in the same way. That’s how to
manage women.”

  He stretched out his iron hand and
wrist and looked at them — his right
hand and wrist, not the scarred ones.
“ I hate civilization,” he said then
suddenly. “ I hate honor, and no-
blesse oblige, and all such tommyrot.
It’s the ruin of the race.”

  ITe spoke slowly now, but with a
frightful bitterness.

  11	Yes,” said Carleigh, sympathy
swelling quick, “ we’ve gone a long
way from the truth of existence.”

  “ It isn’t any use going on a wild-
goose chase after happiness in these
times,” Kneedrock went on. ** You
can’t cure your ills, nowadays. I tried
to help myself once, and made the
worst kind of a mess of it. Go back
to your wife, or go off with your
mother-in-law, but don’t imagine that
either course is going to help you to
happiness. Because it isn’t.”

  Carleigh was looking Nibbetts
straight in the eyes now.

  “ And yet,” he said frankly. “ I

think that I could be happy—quite
happy—with Mrs. Darling.”

  “ No, you couldn’t,” returned the
viscount sharply — gruffly, in fact.
“ You couldn’t. She’s too shallow.”
41 Shallow? ”

  “ Yes, shallow. She has no depths
—of feeling, or anything else. Her
whole life shows that. She was too
pretty when she was young. She led
lier husband a devil of a dance, and
she’ll never reform.

  “ You must go after some other
trail or grail, or whatever you choose
to call it. You can never either help
Kina or get her. Take my word for
that.”

  Carleigh, who wasn’t in any sense
a strong character, felt depressed at
the words. Kneedrock, who was a
very strong character, relit his pipe
and waited. After a little the other
said:

  “ Do you, by any chance, know a
man named Andrews ? ”

  “ I know one Andrews,’’ answered
Kneedrock, and this time he held out
his left hand and wrist. “ It was he
who gave me that,” he added, indica-
ting the healed wound. “ the night be-
fore poor Darling was shot.”

  “In India?”

  “ In India.”

  “ What sort of a chap? ”

  “ Tallish, rather good-looking,
brown eyes and hair, young. Was in
the civil service.”

  Carleigh looked puzzled. “ I won-
der if it could have been the same?”
he asked, half to himself. “ I met him
at Mrs. Darling’s the day I called."

  “ Oh, I dare say,” said Kneedrock.
non-committally. “ He’s followed her
after five years. Once one gets the vi-
rus in one’s blood, it’s likely to break
out any time. So Andrew's is at
Bath! ”

  “ He seemed to be quite at home.”
“ Doubtless he is. Nina can make
one feel that way. He was very much
at home in the Darling bungalow at
Umballa. Just before he fired at me
he and Nina seemed to be sharing a
THE WHITE GORILLA.

709

single chair. You see, I was there on
a spying expedition."

  “ You mean—” queried Carleigh.
He couldn't just reconcile Kneedrock
and the word.

  “ I’d heard that Darling was cruel
to her and I traveled all the way from
Tuamota to the Punjab to find out.”
Sir Caryll held his peace and Knee-
drock added. “ Of course I found it
was the most unwarranted slander.
Darling was a saint.”

  He got up and closed the three win-
dows. Then he poked the coals, and
took a place on the hearth rug with his
back to the grate. The dogs still slept.

  “ So she’s amusing herself with An-
drews again, eh! ” he chuckled. “ Re-
calling those halcyon days of blood-
shed, I suppose.”

  “ Perhaps,” said Carleigh, thought-
fully. “ now, after all these years, she’ll
marry him.”

  “ Oh, no, she won’t,” flashed from

Kneedrock, who was smiling. “ She
can't, you know.”

“ I don't see why not,” the other re-
joined. “ She’s her own mistress.
She’s of age, and a widow, and of
sound mind.”

The viscount maintained a rather
disconcerting silence for the space of
several seconds, puffing at his pipe and
following the smoke with is eyes. Then
he patted the head of the nearest dog
with the toe of his boot.

When, finally, he spoke, it was to
ask: “ Did you ever hear me spoken
of as her lover? ”

“ Yes,” answered Carleigh, sur-
prised beyond words.

Kneedrock raised his head and his
eyes as they rested for a moment upon
Sir Caryll’s were curiously devoid of
expression.

“ I was,” lie said with a sort of dry
grimness. “ I’m more than that—I’m
her Jiusband."

TO BE CONCLUDED NEXT WEEK. Don’t forget this magazine is issued weekly, and that
you will get the conclusion of this story without waiting a month.

   (Djwaj^hite^

J Elmer Brown Mason

OR eight months no word1
came from my friend Van
Dam.

   Those of us in his debt
virtuously assured our-
selves that we had intend-
ed to pay him back at once,
and tried to bear up; others who
wished to borrow were naturally some-
what resentful at his absence. As

usual, he had given no intimation of
his flitting, and all who called at his
diggings—so he designated the enor-
mous top-storv apartment where he
dwelt among his countless trophies and
collections — were met by the always
smiling Jap with the information:
“ Mr. Van Dam, he will be back—oh,
quite soon some day.”

  This same phrase had excused a
710

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

two years’ disappearance of his master
in the interior of Borneo. Gradually
we ceased to think of him, and each
little life traveled around its own re-
stricted orbit as though the absentee
had ceased to exit.

  Mv own affairs were going rather
well and orders simply poured in. This
halcyon "tate was due to a Hercules,
for which Van had provided me with
an extraordinary model, and a Pitts-
burgh millionaire bought because it
was tiie image of a fellow steel worker
he had known in his undollared youth.

  These orders, however, were entire-
ly for portraits, which I do not like
doing — my forte is large allegorical
canvases, though Van thinks different-
ly—but never having had any money,
1 developed a lust for it and painted
all who paid. My most lucrative com-
mission had just come to me, a por-
trait for a political club of one of its
most prominent—and worst—mem-
bers, and it was giving me a great deal
of trouble. To begin with, the man
would not sit more than fifteen min-
utes at a time, and his face was sim-
ply horrible.

  I painted it first, nearly from mem-
ory, in all its brutal reality of low
forehead, eyes set far back, and enor-
mous jaw development — a positively
bestial thing. And it looked not the
slightest like the original.

  Then I conceived the idea that a soul
was shining through this fleshy mask
and put the light of holiness in the
eyes, the curve of renunciation at the
corner of the lips. When my man
called, his own face made its painted
counterpart look like the delineation
of some kindly saint. That day I de-
voted myself solely to the hands—
veritable Gargantuan paws they were
—and after he had left, very discour-
aged. started to scrape and turn the
face. Just as 1 had eliminated all but
chin and forehead the phone rang.

  “Hello!” I said crisply into the
transmitter with the intonation I have
adopted since I consider myself a suc-
cessful artist.

  “ Come to dinner, painter-man.”
drawled Van's voice over the wire. “ I
have something to show you.”

  “ I'm very busy,” I answered loftily;
“ but I'll try to manage it if you’ll tell
me lie forehand what we are eating.”
Van has one idiosyncrasy that is
positively ghastly. lie is always cook-
ing the most awful, uncivilized dishes
concealed in such delectable sauces that
you can’t help liking them till you find
out what they are. At his table I have
eaten a lizard creature tasting exactly
like delicate chicken, and a savory dish
of what appeared to be roasted oysters
and was really the larvre of the black
palm weevil.

  “ What are you busy with?” came
over the wire. “If it’s a Vulcan, I
have a good model for you.”

  “ I’m trying to paint a baboon,” I
snapped, “ and no model will do.”

  “ Surprising,” he answered in really
animated tones. “ I can furnish you
with a gorilla, and I have a young
cannibal here to go writh it.”

  “ Am I to act as a meal for your
guests? ” I began, but he had hung up.

  Van and I dined luxuriously on
what I took to be very young lamb and
afterward adjourned to the den. on the
walls of which are ranged the cases
containing his albino collection — the
traditional white blackbird, the enor-
mous, glittering, white toucan, the
snowy racoon, the white panther, and
that last acquisition in a huge case by
itself. There was a roaring wood fire,
and before it. partially covered by a
snow-leopard’s skin, twitched, while
he slept, the coffee-colored slim can-
nibal boy. Once he reached up a long,
bare foot and scratched his ear exactly
as a dog attends to a flea.

  There was a livid, five-inch scar on
Van's cheek, anti while he talked the
blood would pulse to its top, run down
underneath the skin, and disappear
exactly as an electric advertising sign
lights and flashes out.

  “ Of course you know, painter-
man.” he began, “ that I am in touch
THE WHITE GORILLA.

711

with people throughout the world
whom I pay to keep their eyes open
tor the albino phase in animals and
birds. The mail daily brings me of-
fers of specimens or word where they
may be procured; but. for the most
part, they are of species I already have
or else out-and-out fakes—I have been
offered scores of white elephants.
Vou see. among savages, the abnormal
in nature is very often an object of
direct worship.

  “ Contrary to our ideas of religion,
the untutored savage has the delicacy
not to inflict his beliefs on strangers,
and does not, so to speak, wear his god
on his sleeve. It is, therefore, hard to
get reliable information regarding ani-
mals that are w'hite when they normal-
ly should be quite a different color.

  “ It wras. as a matter of fact, the
very indefinitiveness of the data that
sent me on this last expedition. From
Libreville, in the French Congo, an
Englishman w-rote me it was common
talk among the Mpangwe, who had re-
cently been driven out of the region
at the headw-aters of the Gabun River,
that their conquerors worshiped and
sacrificed to a white woman w?ho
walked on her knees and elbows and
was covered with long hair. A Dutch
trader sent word from Booue that the
Fan tribe of cannibals had an old, old
man for chief wrho walked on all fours
and was fed entirely on human flesh.
A French rubber exploiter in the Sierra
de Crystal told one of my agents that
there was a large, white monkey in the
Ogowe division of the Fan cannibals
which was held sacred and accom-
panied them to war.

  “ The very meagerness of this in-
formation and the improbability of
collusion between its widely separated
sources gave me something on which
to theorize, and I sailed for Libreville.
The building of my theory was sim-
plicity itself. The‘third informant had
distinctly stated that the creature was
a white monkey. Monkeys are regard-
ed by many, tribes in Africa as only
slightly modified human beings.

  “ The final link in my reasoning
came from the statement that it walked
on its elbows and knees. The gorilla
walks, or rather swings itself along,
on the back of its hands—the wrist,
we would call it—and often turns the
toes of its feet under. In short, I
hoped for an albino gorilla, and my
theory was strengthened by the knowl-
edge that gorillas, when caught young,
are docile and easily tamed, in spite of
the unquestioned ferocity of the w:ild,
old males. As a matter of fact, we
know little more about this largest of
all primates than has been vouched us
from the fertile imagination of Paul
de Chaillu.

  “ There are current, in Africa, tales
of men snatched from the ground to
die a horrible death in the tree-tops;
of an African tribe that kept a huge,
old male for executioner until it was
killed by an Englishman about to be
sacrificed, w^ho noticed a swelling over
its heart and struck it in this vulnerable
spot. At any rate. I had never seen a
gorilla in the wild state, and the ad-
venture promised many thrills.

  “ From Libreville I made a short ex-
pedition among the Mpangwe whom
the more warlike Fans had driven from
the interior. Savages, I have found,
Mr. Painter-man, belong to twro cate-
gories: Those that are honest, trust-
worthy, and truthful, and those that
are the exact opposite.

  “ The Mpangwe belong to the latter
class. They were the worst liars I
have ever met. and told me only what
they thought I wanted to hear. The
hairy woman was endowed with wrings
and made to lay eggs that hatched into
serpents, and when they found it was
a monkey I w*as after, 'they agreed to
a man jhat she always assumed that
form at night.

  “ There was nothing to be learned
from these swindling blacks, and I
made up my mind to lolknv rumor to
its source and go up the Gabun River
into the gorilla country where dw^elt the
Ogowe Fans. The local French gov-
ernment, not without a warning against
712

all-story weekly.

its unsettled state and the absolute lack
of positive knowledge of the region into
which 1 proposed to penetrate, finally
gave me a permit tor a scientific ex-
ploring expedition.

  “ They even went further and pro-
vided me with a guard of twenty sol-
fliers — so, you see, 1 traveled rather
en prince — and helped to collect the
rather large caravan which I required.

  *'A trip of this nature to one who has
been through the same kind of thing
before, contrary to the general idea of
you city dwellers, is remarkable only
for the length of time it takes to reach
a given point. There was, of course,
the usual revolt of the porters for
higher pay, which had to be summarily
quelled; the leopard that blundered into
my tent-ropes one night, and the kill-
ing of a man by a wounded buffalo;
also an ill-advised attempt to assassi-
nate me. These are only the incidents
one expects in jungle travel, how-
ever; and, on the whole, it was rather
a dull journey, and a very hot one.

  “ As we neared our destination the
country became rugged with open but
shady and damp forests, and there
were interminable thickets of scita-
mines and tree-ferns, on the fruits of
which the gorilla feeds. All along the
route I made guarded inquiries about
my quest, and. from what I could not
learn, fully made up my mind that a
white gorilla, or at least some extraor-
dinary animal, its existence well known
to the natives, was in possession of the
Fans. I came to this conclusion be-
cause every approach to the subject, no
matter how indirect, instantly inspired
fear, and those interrogated either be-
came dumb or lied wildly.

  “ One day’s journey from our des-
tination I sent ahead runners with
gifts to the sorcer (so is designated
the local priest) and to the chief. Of
course word of my coming had long
ago preceded me, and, partially
through curiosity, partially through
respect for my guard and my large
caravan, they sent back friendly mes-
sages.

  ** The next evening, to the monoto-
nous beat of tom-toms, I pitched camp
on the edge ol the valley in which
dwelt the Ogowe Fans. These sav-
ages were quite different from any I
had met in Africa. They were not
black, but coffee-colored, well made,
with thin lips, intelligent faces, and
were tall and, according to our stand-
ards. excessively slim.

  “ Best of all, their language was a
slight variation of the great Bantu
tongue, as spoken by the Zulu Kafirs,
and with which 1 am thoroughly fa-
miliar. The women, who were quite
handsome, worked in the manioc-
fields, while the existence of the men
was made up of w-ar and hunting. To
a high degree they were both truthful
and honorable.

  “ Savages love ceremony, and our
mutual greetings took up all of three
days, on the last of which there was
a feast with wild dances and much
palm-wine. I was not at all sure of
the bill of fare, and, in order to be on
the safe side, pretexed a vow of fast-
ing. an expiatory rite which they
practise, and so understood. My
role was that of a sorcer who had
come to study their birds and beasts,
but most to consort with my brother
priests to our mutual advantage, and
I was accepted at my own valuation.

   “A liberal gift insured me the privi-
lege of dwelling in their country as
long as I pleased, and so well did I
get on with my hosts that finally, with
the chief. I went through that not un-
poet ic ceremony of mysterious origin
which they call blood - brotherhood.
This practical adoption into the tribe
so reassured me as to my safety that
I sent back my guard of soldiers,
much to their horror, and in spite of
their protestations, and with them the
greater part of my porters, retaining
only a few' in whom I had implicit
confidence.

  “ I’ve lived with savages before,
Mr. Painter - man, and I must say
there is no pleasanter or easier life.
To a very great extent every man does
THE WHITE GORILLA.

713

exactly as he pleases. Food is the only
real necessity, and is largely furnished
by the labor of the women.

  “ Moral and ethical considerations
are never personal, but the affair of
the high priest (better called sorcer),
and are left entirely in his hands.

  “ In spite of ideal conditions for
happiness, it was distinctly wanting
among the Ogowe Fans. There was
an undercurrent of dissatisfaction
running through the tribe, and an
atmosphere of mental discomfort.
Quarrels were frequent, and there
were several cases of absolute insan-
ity, the victims of which were prompt-
ly put to death, tribal law permitting
of no mental or physical deficient.

  “ In my assumed character it was
naturally the sorcer that I saw the
most of, and we found much in com-
mon. As a matter of fact, the priest
among savages represents not only
the highest mental, but what we must
characterize for want of a better defi-
nition, as scientific attainments of the
race. My confrere of the Ogowe
Fans was a shrewd, |niddle-aged man,
leaning toward asceticism, and a real
fanatic in his beliefs.

  “ He had one daughter, and if you
can imagine such a thing as a soft,
brown rose glowing in the tropical
jungle you will have a fairly accurate
picture of her. The Fan faith was a
kind of Pan-deism with just a dash
of sun worship, interwoven with su-
perstition, its manifestation interpre-
ted by the sorcer from the actions of
various sacred animals. There was
also an additional and very unusual
way of learning the wishes of their
deity.

  “ The priest was master of a crude
but none the less effective form of
hypnotism, which he practised 011
members of the tribe, but principally
on his daughter. Through her, while
she was * possessed of the spirit.’
otherwise in a cataleptic state, he un-
consciously impressed his own will on
the tribe.

  “ I give him absolute credit for at-

tributing divine origin to the words
that she uttered, which made him only
the more determined in his purposes,
in the same way that a man with an
honest belief is much more likely to
be successful than one who must ad-
mit in his own heart that he is a faker.

  “ The girl was so completely under
his mental control that a few mo-
ments' gazing into a large crystal,
which had been roughly rounded and
held a thousand lights, made her mind
blank and instantly receptive of to any
impression from him. This crystal
■was a very sacred thing, and it was
the duty of a different warrior each
day to rub at the inequalities with fine
sand with the purpose of finally bring-
ing it to a perfect roundness.

  “ The sorcer was enough of a man
of the world to appreciate the awe he
might inspire by means of a few
chemicals I gave him and the—to sav-
ages — startling tricks I was able to
teach him. As a matter of fact, he
ruled these frankly cannibal warriors
through fear alone; and so great was
his mental dominance that, at times, it
seemed to me, he held half the tribe
in a semihypnotic state. There was a
bitter feud between him and the tem-
poral chief.

  “ The latter wished to move on to
new conquests; the priest held firm
that they remain where they were for
a year until expiation had been made
-by endless religious ceremonies for the
‘ blinding of the eyes of piety,’ a
phrase which meant nothing to me
then, but which I now understand.

   “ I was, of course, more or less af-
filiated with the chief since, with him,
I had gone through the blood-broth-
erhood rite, but my closest friend was
his son. He was a youth of some
twenty summers, and the most mar-
velous hunter and tracker I have ever
known. Ikstu — that is as near as I
can Anglicize his name—accompanied
me on all my collecting expeditions,
and, what was of the greatest impor-
tance, since I was supposed to know
them instinctively, told me the birds
714

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

and animals that were sacred and nut
to be molested.

  “ Chief among- those tabu were the
gorillas, and they throve and were
quite unafraid under such treatment,
though naturally rather retiring beasts.
In the manioc-fields, which the women
cultivated, toward evening 1 have lit-
erally seen dozens of them. The males
would wander out from the jungle
with their two or three mates and
family, or sometimes 1 would come
upon a solitary old bachelor, grayish-
white, and a very dangerous animal
to approach.

  " Some would run away, screaming
with fright, in a trvingly human man-
ner; but there was one old fellow who
never gave a step until 1 myself re-
tired.

  ” He was fully six feet tall when
standing braced against a tree-trunk,
his hands hanging below his knees,
the hair on his neck and head erect
with rage, and the ruff under his chin
quivering. Two great canine teeth
protruded from each side of his snarl-
ing mouth, and beneath their enor-
mous protuberances his little eyes
blazed red in his coal-black face. I
learned to hate that animal, and, as he
hopped away on all fours, his legs
swinging out beyond his anus, I
longed to turn and put an explosive
bullet in him.

  “ Policy, that was even a question
of personal safety, held me in check,
however, and I wisely refrained.
Ikstu, who feared nothing else in the
world, was deadly afraid of these old
males; but, even more than he feared
them, he hated the sorcer.

  “ As we became better acquainted
and I gained his confidence, the reason
for this was apparent. I noticed that
on several occasions we found two
purple orchids, their stems crossed,
lying in the narrow trails through the
scitamines thickets, and each time this
sign appeared I lost my companion
tor the rest of the day. The connec-
tion was obvious.

  “ The daughter of the sorcer-priest

always wore these orchids in her hair
and as a garland—in fact, they formed
by far the greater part of her ward-
robe.

  “ Always, however, she was back
from these love rambles at her father's
hut before sunset; and, after he had
made her gaze for a few moments into
the sacred crystal, she would hurry off
into the jungle with a basket of ma-
nioc and fruit of the scitamines on her
arm. You may well believe 1 was
curious in regard to these expeditions,
but I kept this curiosity to myself.
Once 1 tried to pick up her trail in the
morning, and was very nearly empaled
in a leopard-trap. That afternoon I
received a warning from the sorcer of
the presence of a very sacred and aw-
ful spirit in the direction I had gone.

  “ My excuse for lingering in the
neighborhood was wearing thin, and
the priest was beginning to look on
me with unconcealed suspicion. Mean-
while, there was no hint of what I
sought, and the whole tribe was hum-
ming with an undercurrent of politics
that would have done credit to Tam-
many Hall during election.

  “ My time had not been entirely
wasted, however, for I had the skin
of an albino thrush ( it proved new to
science), and also a large, white spi-
der of the trap-door variety, the first
absolute case of albinoism I had ever
found among the Arachnida. My camp
was ready to be abandoned and my
porters to travel, and I made up my
mind to start for the coast the mo-
ment 1 had solved the problem of the
girl's nightly trip.

  “ The crisis came sooner than I ex-
pected. In spite of the objections of
the spiritual power, the chief made a
raid toward the sea and returned with
heavy spoil and ten captives. There
was much rejoicing in the tribe,
though the sorcer was very angry, and
the captives were closely guarded and
well fed, so that their ultimate, grue-
some disposal was only too obvious.
The war party gained in strength, and
it was decided the matter of moving
THE WHITE GORILLA.

715

on to new conquests l>e finally decided
at the Feast of the Gorillas, when the
moon was full.

  “ My position was now not only
very uncomfortable, but positively
dangerous, and I kept exclusively to
my own camp, my only connection
with the Fan village being through
Ikstu. Time hanging heavy on my
hands, I hit on an expedient that I
should have thought of long before.

  “ Through a pair of powerful field-
glasses I spied the girl’s route each
evening until I finally traced her
down to her destination, a rocky am-
phitheater hardly a mile distant from
the village.

  “ That night darkness came so
quickly I could not see what she did,
but the next evening the secret of her
expeditions and, at the same time, the
end of my quest were revealed to me.
From the crotch of a great rubber tree
I watched her set down her basket and,
swaying slightly as people do in the
cataleptic state, raise her arms above
her orchid-crowned head evidently
calling.

  “ Twice she did this, and then, from
a cleft in the rocks, an unbelievable ob-
ject swung slowly out to meet her.

  “ Never have I seen so beautiful
and so repulsive an animal. It was an
enormous female gorilla with fur long
and white as that of an Angora goat.
Even in a crouched position, practi-
cally on all fours, its jet-black face
was above the girl on whom it looked
down from eyes that seemed, through
my field-glasses, milk white.

  “ One mighty arm rose and rested
on the girl, the other groping in the
basket at her feet, and thus the two
figures stood while the fruits were
crammed into an enormous mouth.
Then the girl lifted, with both hands,
the great paw from her bare shoulder,
and before the quick tropical darkness
shut them from my sight. I saw her
catch the wreath of purple orchids
from her own neck and throw it over
the brute’s head.

  “ At camp, with his chest bleeding

from a knife wound, I found lkstu
waiting for me. Without giving him
time to explain his own errand I told
quickly what I had seen. He was in
no way astonished, and I doubt even
if he heard half I said, so full was he
of his own troubles.

  “The sorcer had somehow learned
of the meetings with his daughter and
was keeping her in a continual hyp-
notic state, so that, quite unconscious
of what she was doing or saying, she
had actually stabbed him at their last
rendezvous and even threatened him
with ‘ the blind eyes of piety/

  “ His simple request was that I
should take him and the girl away with
me after he had killed the sorcer dur-
ing the coming feast. I consented
without the slightest hesitation, bar-
gaining only that he should tell me. in
return, all he knew of the white go-
rilla.

   “ Gradually, though it was apparent
he feared a celestial thunderbolt, I
dragged the story from him. The
beast, under the care of the sorcer. had
been the fetish of the tribe ever since
he could remember, and figured in
every religious ceremony. At the be-
ginning of the Fans' march toward
the coast the gorilla had always gone
into battle with them and. maddened
by a great beaker of the potent palm
wine, proved a terror to their enemies
Then, to the lasting grief of the sor-
cer, during a night attack, it had lost
the sight of both eyes from a fire-
brand.

   “ Formerly it had been a docile and
friendly animal (when not inflamed
by the palm liquor), with the unre-
strained freedom of the village: but
this accident changed it into a she-
devil that dwelt morosely alone and
could only be approached by the sor-
cer’s daughter, and that only when
under her father’s hypnotic influence.

   “ It’s a wild tale, painter-man, and
sitting here before the fire one can
hardly believe it actually happened. In
the iungle, though, with the blackness
of the tropical night wrapped around
716

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

us like velvet ribbons, the squeak of
the vampire bats, the far-away roar of
a male gorilla, and the cough of a
leopard circling the camp, it seemed
perfectly natural and fitting for me to
be conniving, with a cannibal, at a
cold-blooded murder.

  •• Besides. I wanted the skin of that
albino primate, and I was going to
have it at any cost. I believed every
word of lkstu's story, even to divine
attributes with which he credited the
brute and of which 1 have not told you
—you see. I had seen it, and alive.”

  Van Dam snapped on the electric
lights and turned in his chair to face
the glass cabinet which contained his
latest acquisition. My eyes followed
his and I shuddered to the very depths
of my city-swaddled soul. The great
monkey had been mounted bending
slightly forward, its hands swinging
between and far below' its knees. In
its immense paws it held a pear-
shaped crystal larger than an ostrich’s
egg. which caught and imprisoned the
light.

  Beautiful, long, silky fur. white as
silver, clothed the enormously power-
ful body, and beneath the low fore-
head. deep in the black face, were set,
in lieu of eyes, two round milky-white
agates. The mouth was curled back
in a fixed grin revealing the broken,
yellow, doglike fangs, repulsive be-
yond belief by contrast with the beauty
and power of the rest of the animal.

  “ Go on, Van,” I said. “ you
couldn't make me disbelieve anything
about that thing. For Heaven’s sake,
out with the lights, though. J don’t
want to look at it.”

  The blood showed at the top of the
scar on Van Dam’s cheek, slithered
.down its ragged length, and winked
out leaving it livid white. He switched
• •tt the electric current and we were
left again with only the light of the
fire.

  “ I gave Tkstu no advice as to his
killing,” Van Dam continued, “ be-
cause T felt that he was quite com-
petent to carry out his private ven-

detta in his own way. However,
since the next evening was to see the
beginning of the Feast of the Gorillas,
I moved my camp a mile toward the
coast and prepared everything fur
immediate flight. In the afternoon I
made Ikstu guide me by a round-
about route, to the very edge of the
rocky amphitheater above the beast’s
den. and ensconced myself, within
easy hearing and seeing distance, in
the thick top of a scitamines bush.

  " Hardly was I comfortably settled
when the sorcer and his daughter,
both heavily laden with baskets, ap-
peared beneath me.

  “ I don't think I have ever seen
anything more beautiful than that
girl. Of actual clothes she wore only
a white loin-cloth, but her hair was
braided full of the purple orchids and
garland on garland of the same
flower hung from her neck and cov-
ered her lithe, brown body.

  " The sorcer was hideously painted
in crimson and white and his face
was made up to simulate a gorilla, the
hair drawn far back and two extra,
white eyes daubed on the forehead.

  f< Immediately the girl, sitting with
crossed legs, began to beat a tiny tom-
tom, while the sorcer built a small
fire and busied himself with the
baskets and three other articles. I
recognized them as a leopard skin
worn by one of the under chiefs, a
mat from a hut, and lkstu’s favorite
spear.

  “ When the fire was going well the
girl stood up and called. The third
time her voice rose the white gorilla
emerged slowly from its den and hesi-
tatingly hopped and swung down to
her. Then, before my eyes, took
place the most remarkable perform-
ance I have witnessed.

  “ The man cast some herb into the
fire and the girl led the animal into
the thick, scented smoke. Time and
again it broke from her and rushed to
its rocky refuge, time and again it
came back to her call. Ilerb after
herb, each with a different odor, went
THE WHITE GORILLA.

717

into the flames, and gradually the
movements of the great beast became
slower, lethargic, till it finally stood
swaying, its blind agate eyes turned
to the sorcer.

  “ Once the girl faltered and seemed
to be awakening from a trance, but
her father held the crystal to her eyes
till they went blank and she again
mechanically did his bidding. Now
he transferred the sacred stone to the
gorilla's paws and began a chant.
The words were not of the Bantu
tongue but from some language older
than the hills. I don't know what
they mean, but I remember the sound,
mixed with the beat of the tom-tom,
as well as though I were now hear-
ing it.

   “ Nala (bong) Nala (bong)

    Nala impi (bong, bong, bong.)

   Nala (bong) Nala (bong)

    Nala impi (bong, bong, bong.)

   Nala (bong) Nala (bong)

    Nala impi (bong, bong, bong.)

Intoned to the sullen beat of the
drum till the world seemed to go to
sleep and the brain reach forward for
the next repetition.

  “ The great brute began to move
slowly in a swaying dance keeping
time with the rhythm. One by one
the girl held the leopard skin, mat
and spear against its flat nostrils
while, for each separate article, the
sorcer pressed a hot coal to the slowly
shuffling feet. At every bum the
beast reared and raising the glittering
crystal, to which its paws seemed
glued, dashed it down on the object
before it.

   “ Extraordinary as was the idea, I
recognized at once that, for the usual
passes and crystal gazing used in hyp-
notism, the sorcer had first substitu-
ted the. scent of herbs and then the
chant, and actually held the frightful
beast in control by that thin thread of
sound.

   “ Still beating her tom-tom with
measured strokes the voice of the girl
took up the mysterious words, and

the sorcer grew silent crouched over
the fire. Night was coming last. I
slipped from my hiding place as the
forest shadows blackened the cliff and
silently slid down to the very cleft
whence had come the gorilla. There I
lay in the darkness peering at the
three figures before the fire.

  “ First one tom-tom, another, a
third, till their number seemed count-
less, awoke in the village. There was
a high, shrill scream of agony from
far away, then the voice of the whole
tribe raised in a great chorus, the
words growing distinguishable as
they grew nearer.

  “ Jn English they would go like
this:

  “ The sun, oh. the sun. from the rising
         of the sun,

    We go through jungle aisles until
        the moon is high.

  There’s blood within our footsteps,
        and every warrior one,

    Lifts up a limp, dead body unto the
         bleeding skv.

    “ Always before goes the white one.
         (Piety, Piety thou!)

    Leads us in the path of the sun.
         (Piety, Piety thou!)

    Judge at the feast when the red
         blood runs free.

    Leading the Fans to hot. cruel vic-
           tory,

    We come for thy judgment, again
         come to thee.

         (Piety, Piety thou!’)

  “ Meanwhile, under the roar of
voices the girl sang her monotonous
strain and beat her tiny drum.

  “ The whole tribe defiled into the
amphitheater, chiefs first with the
leopard skins, which they alone are
privileged to wear—a custom that
links them with the Zulus—then the
warriors with the prisoners in their
midst, now significantly reduced to
nine, and last the women and chil-
dren.

  These bore fagots which they piled
in the center and a large lire was soon
blazing. The ceremonies began, to
the music of the inevitable tom-toms,
with a furious dance by the warriors.
718

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ 7t was a wild scene, the nearly

naked savages brandishing their
spears and whirling around the fire;
the prisoners conscious of the hor-
rible' fate awaiting them, cowering in
the background; the crouching
figures of the great, white gorilla, the
hideously painted sorcer, and the ex-
quisite, brown girl intoning her end-
less chant.

  “ As a proper stage setting the
heavens began to grumble, lightning
Hashed across the sky, and a few, big,
hot drops of rain fell.

  ** The dance and the tom-toms
ceased with such startling suddenness
that the voice of the girl cut sharp as
a knife through the murmur of the
multitude. The priest faced the great
white brute and spoke:

  “ ' Piety, against whom the Ogowe
Fans have sinned, before we ask thy
judgment for the tribe, select from us
in expiation. Let the sacred crystal
gleam red in thy honor/

   He raised a close-woven basket
full of palm wine to its nostrils, and.
while it still held the crystal pendant
in its paws, tipped it till it was
drained of the last drop. For a mo-
ment the white gorilla staggered, then
hopping forward, balanced at its full
height before the chief. While the
girl’s song and the beat of the tiny
drum alone broke the silence it circled
to the right, bent with distended nos-
trils above the chief whose leopard
skin was in the sorcer’s possession,
and. quicker than I can tell it, the
great paws rose and the crystal came
crashing down on the doomed man's
skull. Resolved to end the scene then
and there, cost what it might, I raised
my rifle to my shoulder and then low-
ered it again at what I saw.

  “ Sinuous as a snake, stealthy as a
leopard, Ikstu, a knife in his hand,
was creeping up behind the sorcer.
\\ arned by some subtle instinct the
priest turned barely before the spring.
One hand shot out the finger point-
ing straight at the boy and their eyes
locked with nearly an audible snap.

It seemed as though invisible bonds
held the would-be murderer. He
struggled in vain to raise the knife,
to go forward.

  “ The pointed finger described a
slow circle, Ikstu’s head followed it.
Faster it swung and faster. With a
great burst of strength the sorcer
snatched the sacred crystal from be-
tween the gorilla paws and held it
to the boy’s face. For a breath Ikstu
swayed away from the glittering
lights, then his head went forward,
and, eyes glued to the shining thing,
he sank with it to the ground.

  “ The sorcer silently faced the
breathless multitude, then deliberately
picked up Ikstu’s own spear and
turned toward him. There was a
great crash of thunder and the go-
rilla, still swaying to the girl’s music,
groped blindly forward. The priest
raised the spear. The girl broke off
in the middle of a note and, quicker
than light, covered her lover’s body
with her own.

  “ Released from the spell of the
chant, though suddenly animate, the
white gorilla tore the priest into his
terrible arms and bore him to the
ground. A blinding flash of lightning
split the heavens as I fired. Catch-
ing the outline of the gorilla I pulled
the trigger again, and sprang down
into the arena. Every savage had
fled save the chief who stood, spear
poised, between the lovers and the
struggling man and brute. With a
back-hand sweep of his long arm the
gorilla ripped open my cheek at the
very moment 1 sent a final bullet
through its forehead.

  “ The sorcer was quite dead, prac-
tically every bone in his body broken
by the awful clutch of those hairy
arms. The white gorilla still feebly
moved through the mushroom bullet
had carried away practically the en-
tire back of its head. The girl, the
chief, and I alone were alive and
sane and until morning, in the hot
rain, we labored to strip the skin from
that great carcass.
THE WHITE GORILLA'.

719

  “ Then, the girl leading Ikstu by
the hand, and the skin swinging be-
tween us on a pole, we struck out for
my camp. The chief, in silence,
watched his son depart, and did not
try to hinder us.

  “ Perhaps he was thinking of the
fate of those among the Fans who
were found mentally wanting, and, in
addition, there was the sacrilege of
the attack on the priest.”

  Van Dam lay back in his chair and
carefully lit a cigarette.

  “That isn’t all?” I asked after a
moment’s silence.

  “ That’s all, he answered.

  “ But what’s the end of it ? What
became of the girl and Ikstu?”

  “ The girl died on the way out.
Ikstu lies there before the fire, his
mind never came back to him. I have
hopes, however, he has taken to wor-
shiping the beast in the case and bow-
ing down to the crystal. Interest in
anything is an encouraging sign.”

  “ You have a pleasant way of en-
tertaining your guests.” I said, for
want of something better. “ Canni-
balism, murder, madness, everything
but starvation.”

  “ We had about come to that, too,”
Van answered carelessly. “ on the
way back, when we ran into a great
migration of spider monkeys. They
make very good eating, we just had
one for dinner.”

tr	rr	rr

“MOON-MADNESS”

 BY DOROTHY FOSTER

           IF a girl I know

           Would watch the moon.

  And see the things I see,

            A twinkle
            In the crinkle

            Of his smile might speak for me;

            And the shrewdly winking.

             Blandly blinking,

  W'ise old. nice old moon

           Might beam her

           Words a dreamer

             Sang to an old, familiar tune.

            But if she knew
            The things / do,

             I think perhaps she’d find
             A token.

            Left unspoken,

             In the sighing of the wind.

              And the dear, old, flirting,
              ‘Disconcerting
              Moon that hangs so high,

             Might lisp her
             Name, and whisper
             Me a hint of by and by.
h(earf to h(e5.rTleiffe

By tKe Editor

APAN the beautiful; Japan. Land of the Rising Sun, land of quaint
people, queer customs, and curious treasures; Japan, shining light
of the Eastern world, is the scene of

 HOUSE OF THE HAWK

BY J. U. GIESY

    This is a sequel to “The Blue Bomb," which ran in The Caz>alicr from
November S to November 22, 1913. In that story Miss Katharine Deering,
otherwise White Kate of Nagasaki: actress, avenging murderess, expatriate
and geisha-house manager, saved the life of Shield McRae, an American girl
who fell into the clutches of Japanese inimical to the United States.

    In “ HOUSE OF THE HAWK/' Kate, fully pardoned by the American
government, and about to sail for the land of the free, had just finished her
bath in her hotel in Yokohama when Howard Sargent, member of the Amer-
ican Secret Service, and Arthur Kenton, an attache at the United States
Embassy at Tokyo, were announced. They told Kate that Nonna Sargent,
daughter of the Secret Service man, had disappeared while teaching school in
the prefecture of Baron Chiba Izdshiki. Would Miss Deering help find the
girl?

    Now, White Kate knew something about the malodorous reputation of
this baron, and it did not take her long to decide upon a course of action. The
girl had been gone three days, and much can happen in that space of time—in
Japan!

     I his fine story will begin 111 next week’s issue of the All-Story W'eek-
ly, and will run through four numbers.

 \Y hen Seth Parkncy reckoned up his
accounts for the last time and he once
more found and entered down the sum of
$100,000, he nodded his head with satis-
faction. “ Mow I have it,” lie said. " All
I've got to do is make my getaway.” There
was the fifty thousand dollars in yellow-
backs m safe-deposit boxes. There was an
air of permanent respectability in his
fifteen-thousand-dollar bank-account, while
good negotiable securities made up the rest
of the estimated one hundred thousand
dollars at current market prices. He called
up the local stock-broker and told him to
sell the stock " at the market,” and two

days later he received the latters check
for thirty-five thousand six hundred and
forty-eight dollars and forty cents. That
gave him six hundred and forty-eight dol-
lars and forty cents for moving expenses;
about six times what he needed.

This is the way

A ROUND WITH NEMESIS

BY RAYMOND S. SPEARS

a complete novelette, which will appear in
next week's All-Storv Weekly, begins:
Seth Parkney had scrimped and saved

7-0
HEART TO HEART TALKS.

721

and suffered for years the pangs of pov-
erty and the feeling of doubt a.s to whether
next week or next month would be pro-
vided for. Now he had provided for him-
self and had made certain that live as long
as he would he would never want for
money enough to live on.

  But even the best laid plans of mice and
men “gang aft agley,” and on the after-
noon that Parkney received the broker’s
check a widow and her young son came
into his office. She brought with her three
thousand dollars cash, the money that had
come to her because her husband had been
killed in a local mill. “ I want to have this
money invested for me,'' she told the law-
yer. “ Certainly, very well,” Parkney an-
swered, and gave her a receipt, explaining
that the papers would be ready for her
some time the following week. He hesi-
tated for a moment and turned to gaze at
the boy.

  He was a flat-faced, square-shouldered
lad with deep-set eyes and thin lips. In-
stinctively Seth Parkney disliked the lad.
for there was something grim in the coun-
tenance. ‘‘ You’ll know me the next time
you see me, I expect,” was the attorney’s
remark to the staring boy; and he did not
realize at the time that he was making a
prophecy.

  This is only the second long story by
Raymond S. Spears which has appeared in
the pages of this magazine, but he has writ-
ten quite a number of short ones for us.
If you have read them I am sure vou will
look forward to “ A ROUND WITH NE-
MESIS ” with a great deal of pleasant an-
ticipation.

&	dt	'j*

 “CAPTAINS OF THE RAINBOW.”
by C. Williams Wood, is a sea story with
the real salt tang. When the captains
three, to wit. Captain Henry IVagg, Cap-
tain William Slubber, and Captain John
Swiggles—all of whom had sailed the
seven seas “ when a Yankee clipper was a
prouder ship than a turbined liner is to-
day "—start to run guns and other con-
traband into Mexico, they are sure some
little filibusters.

  But there are some things even the most
seasoned old salt cannot be expected to an-
ticipate. Fog is one of them, and the idi-
osyncrasies of a squarehead skipper of a
rusty old Swede tramp is another, and the
all-seeing, impertinently inquisitive “ Eye ”
is the third and worst.

  Even so, the story might have had a dif-
ferent ending if it hadn’t been for the per-
versity of inanimate things—anchors, to
be exact—which maliciously — well, did
things they shouldn’t. Sounds interesting,

doesn t it:' It is; and it carries a full cargo
of hearty laughs as well.

                                       t

 “WHAT THE PEOPLE WANT,” by
Frank Condon, is the veracious history of
a man who was certain that he knew. The
gentleman was none other than IVUbcr-
force Hereward Junius Fry, and he was an
Author—yes, with a capital A! True, he
had never sold anything, but that was the
fault of the editors. One in all, thev were
trying every mean trick they knew to keep
II ilberforce et cetera et cetera Fry from
his due meed of fame. But he found a
way to beat the game.

               'J*

 “ THE TEN-DOLLAR GOLD PIECE.”
by Isabel Ostrander, contains a very queer
bit of psychology. Grant Ridgezcay was
one of the supreme powers in the financial
world of two continents. He was worth
more thousands than the average man has
cents, and never, from his entrance into
the financial field, had he neglected to at-
tend a directors’ meeting.

  That was the one rule of his life—every-
thing must give way before it. Yet the
real, secret, compelling reason for Grant
Ridgeivay’s attendance at directors* meet-
ings was simply — that he wanted the
bright new ten-dollar gold piece that would
come to him as a reward for his punctu-
ality !

  Can you think of anything stranger—or
more reasonable/ And Grant Ridgeway’s
curious obsession led to some cataclysmic
changes in a number of lives, as you will
find.

          v*	,**

 “ THE MYSTERIOUS FISHERMAN,”
by Edwin Cole, is a good example of the
ancient saying: "You never can tell.”

  Edith Osborn thought he was a colossus
of a man as she watched him with his
trousers rolled to his knees and the sleeves
of his flannel shirt to his elbows, pulling a
boat up on the beach. But Mitchell, who
was with her. sneered.

  “He is making his brawn do the work
of his brain.” was his comment.

  The girl said nothing, but did not agree.
Yet she could not have known how soon
and under what circumstances they were
to meet the Fisherman again.

                                             •.*

A REGULAR TO THE FRONT

To the Editor:

  It is with great pleasure that I write you
these few lines of praise.

I am what you might call a regular in

IO A-S
722

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

the reading of your magazine, as I look
forward to its coming each week.

  I have only been reading the All-Story
Cavalier for about four months, and be-
lieve me. I'm sorry that I missed so much
before.

  I just got through reading “Into the
Fifth Dimension"; finished “Barriers
Strong”; read the second instalment of
•‘Doc"; and started “ Pellucidar.” In
fact. T just simply ate up the whole book.

  If it is possible 1 would like you to print
more of Edgar Rice Burroughs’s stories,
as he is certainly great. “ The Mucker ”
was fine, except its ending. I don't think
Billy got what he deserved. But just keep
up the good work and I’m your faithful
follower.

  Wishing you all the success in the pub-
lishing world,

Charles H. Smith.

  633 Oliver Street,

  Toledo, Ohio.

MONEE TALKS;

To the Editor:

  Hurrah for the All-Story ! You cer-
tainly have a fine magazine. It can't be
beaten. I hope you can keep it up always.

  1 haven’t any favorite authors, but would
like to hear from Burroughs again. Where
is he keeping himself? Also Terhune.

  Enclosed find $2.00, for which please ex-
tend my subscription.

W. C. Le Mere.

  R. D. No. 1. Box 21,

  Monee, Illinois.

FROM BUCK THORNTON'S PAL

To the Editor:

  I have been a constant reader of The
Cavalier for some time. Your staff of au-
thors is O. K. in every respect. Of course
I like some of your stories much better
than others.

  Now. for instance, Buck Thornton was
all right, and Jackson Gregory, at some
time in his life, must have lived in the
West. I have known several men in my
time that were similar to Buck Thornton,
only no one ever discovered them.

  And George Washington Ogden did a
good job when he wrote “ The Bondboy."
However, I hardly think that Joe was jus-
tified in committing perjury in such a cause.
Anyway, it was a mighty interesting story,
and another one along the same line would
not come amiss.

  “The Fur Bringers ” was a very good
story of the far north, and Hulbert Foot-
ner would do well to try again. Others

probably like some of the other stories bet-
ter than the ones that I have mentioned,
as it takes all kinds to please the public.
As for me. I would like to have Jackson
Gregory find another Buck Thornton, as
there are many out in this part of the
country.

                    George Lufkin.

  303 W. Pac.,

  Spokane, Washington.

YOU LOSE, AL!

To the Editor:

  I have been a reader of your magazine
for some years, but 1 can t see where Fred
lackson gets bis stuff. It is all right for
ten, twenty, and thirty melodrama, but in
written form it is rotten.

  I think J. U. Giesy and J. B. Smith arc-
two of the best writers you have. I also
like Octavus Roy Cohen's stories.

  I don’t believe your Heart to Heart
Talks are genuine, and bet five dollars with
a Cavalier reader that you would not print
this.

                    Al A. Williams.
  165 East Congress Street,

  Detroit, Michigan.

HURRAH AND THREE CHEERS

To the Editor:

 Hurrah! Three cheers for the All-
Story Weekly ! Beyond all doubt this is
the best magazine on the market to-day.

  I have read The Caz'alicr since the ap-
pearance of “ The Changing Lights.” To
name my favorite authors would be best
said in “ I love to read from them all.”
Of course all stories appearing in the All-
Story Weekly do not interest me. and
when I find one that does not I simply do
not fead it and—do not complain, for I
know it interests many hundreds of other
readers.

  By all means do not give up our Heart
to Heart Talks, for 1 just love this part.
I read it the first thing each week. I only
wish there was more of it.

  1 just finished “ The Web of Destiny.”
Say. it was great. All of T. U. Giesy’s and
J. B. Smith’s works are great. I would
love to meet Semi Dual and Gordon Glace.

  I see Hulbert Footner will appear next
week with “ The Fur Bringers.” I am glad
to hear this. But why not in a sequel to
“The Sealed Valley”? I am reading for
the first time from Maurice Drake in
“ Austin Yoogdt, Sherlock of the Sea,”
It's a crackin’ good ’en ’o. “ The Mucker ’’
ought to have a sequel. “ Sand ” was cer-
tainly full of pep.
HEART TO HEART TALKS.

723

Your short stories are fine. “ Winner
Take All ” was a dandjt I certainly did
laugh at the conclusion.

Your poems deserve praise. I read them
all. Gladys Hall suits me best in this line.

I wish the All-Story Weekly a long-
life. a heart full of congratulations to the
editor for his good taste in choosing sto-
ries for publication, sympathies for his
many cares and troubles, and a " hello ”
for every All-Story reader.

Lloyd Franklin.

Seelyville, Indiana.

   THE PLEASURE'S ALL MINE

To the Editor:

I wish, Mr. Editor, I could shake hands
with you and tell you how glad I am to
know you, because it's grand to know a
man like you who cannot only pick au-
thors, but such dandy stories, too.

Signed by one who knows.

Mrs. Mame Wolf.

   “ LONE STAR RANGER” LEADS

To the Editor :

I have noticed in the Heart to Heart
Talks that many readers write you their
opinion with regard to this magazine, and
so trust that my letter will not be consid-
ered an intrusion.

About the first All-Story T purchased
was the November, 1909, number. Since
then I have been a constant reader, nearly
six years.

   It would be wrong for me to say that
every story suits me, although a very large
majority have my vote.

The stories of adventure and mystery
are good, and as I think back, for Western
fiction, “ The Lone Star Ranger " and “ To
the Victor” come to my mind as about the
best yet, while “ Doc,*' which ends in this
week's number, is not to be placed behind
but alongside the two first named. How-
ever, if a leader must be picked, let it be
“ The Lone Star Ranger.”

   Hoping the good work may continue,
   John O. Riggs.
   Somerville, Massachusetts.

   A READER REGARDLESS OF PRICE

To the: Editor:

• If the price of the All-Story is raised
to five jitneys I will continue to have it
every week.

   Keep up your good work. I am always
for the All-Story Weekly.

L. C. Bacon,

    Concrete, Colorado.

HARD TO BEAT THIS RECORD

To the Editor:

  Just finished reading the issue of May
8 of the All-Story Cavalier. and was very
much disappointed in you for announcing
the proposed abolition of the word “ Cava-
lier/ from the title of this, the best of the
all-fiction magazines.

  I take about fifteen different publica-
tions every month, but prefer the com-
bined-title magazine to all the rest, not
only because I can get it every week, but
because it contains, in my opinion, just the
right proportion of comedy, tragedy, and
pathos to appeal to almost any reader.

  I will not sajr I prefer any one, two, or
three authors more than I do others, be-
cause if I do not like the title of a story I
do not read it. This does not mean that
the story is no good, because other mem-
bers of my family probably do like it, and
I have quite a large family, consisting as
it does of ten people, eight of whom are
weekly readers of The Cavalier.

  I really do not wish to bore you, Mr.
Editor, as I know you surely are a very
busy man. However. I was reading in the
Heart to Heart Talks some time ago of
some people who claim that they arc the
oldest readers of this magazine. Unless
I am wholly wrong in my contention. I am
about as old a reader, not subscriber, as
the magazine has. I thought I would
write and ask if the following is, or is not,
correct:

  Ts not the present day AU-Story Cava-
lier the lineal descendent of The Ocean
Magazine, and is not the following the di-
rect line of magazines from that old-timer?

  First The Ocean; then The Live Wire;
third The Scrap Book; then you brought
out The Cavalier, which was eventually
combined with The Scrap Book under the
title Cavalicr-Scrap Book: then the word
Scrap-Book was dropped from the title,
leaving Cavalier, which stood until the
present combination was consummated.
Now the name will be the plain All-Story
just as The AlhStory was before the com-
bination.

  Well. Mr. Editor, I will not tire you any
longer with this rigmarole except to say
I do not believe that I have missed a dozen
issues since the first Ocean came out. and
although I haven't a copy of any of the
above list, I well remember them all.

  Wishing the magazine all kinds of sue-
cess

  An ardent admirer of the All-Story
Weekly,

Hugh L. Shannon.

  1501^ Harrison Street,

  Davenport, Iowa.
      BU,

   / JVlaW .1

7 ferleu Fbore Sheehan

Author of " The Woman of the Pyramid,” ** The Loat Hearthstone,”

"Judith of Babylon,'* “We Are French I'* etc,

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS

ABU, a slave of white extraction on the East Coast of Africa, is goaded to fury by
the theft of a Double-Eye talisman he has found, and kills Al-Marwazi, his mas-
ter. recovering it. Kula, the old, black witch-doctor, hails Abu as the Dawn-Maker,

the Messiah of the slaves, who revolt. Abu takes an oath against possessions, wine, and
women, and resists the blandishments of Khadija, Al-Marwazi’s newest bride. He
takes Zena, a fair-sized city, despite the treachery of Razi. Al-Marwazi’s chamberlain.
An old woman comes, begging the prophet to raise her dead—and as Abu looks into

the painted log coffin, there is a movement in it.

    The “corpse*' proves to be Khadija, and her "coming to life” is hailed as a mira-
cle by the populace. He resists her advances again, and after a council with his gen-
erals, goes to the Sacred Grove to be initiated by the priests. But he scoffs at their
mummery, declaring that vital things are toward, and with a whip he beats his follow-
ers from an orgy they had started. His own oath he administers to them, and they start
for Zemballa, meeting some horsemen on the way.

    Reaching Zemballa, Abu and his party are welcomed by the sultan. Sayd Bin
Sayf. who invites them to a feast, meaning to poison them and steal Khadija. But
Sefu manages to learn of the plans, kills Razi and the sultan, and is made sultan by
Abu. who goes on toward Mamangno, Mother of the World. The caravan stops by the
seashore on the way at night, and Abu sits to meditate. Khadija comes up behind
him, and the wind, called the Breath of Allah, blows her hair across his face. He is
sorely tempted to break his oath and take her in his arms.

    But Abu finds strength to stick to his purpose. Khadija helping him. They reach
Mamangno, where he is eagerly welcomed as the prophet. In the night Abu’s longing
drives him to Khadija’s tent. She is delighted. But again he resists her. Kula sees
them and tries to poison her. but Abu drinks the fermented milk, breaking part of his
oath and all but dying. They pull him through, and Khadija goes away, feeling it her
duty Abu is hailed as one who has come back from death. All is going well, but the
English have taken cognizance !

CHAPTER XXXVII.
The First Thunder-Clap.

TT happened that at that time,
as afterward, England and

Portugal had a working
agreement as to the man-
agement of certain affairs
connected with their neigh-
boring colonies in Africa.

Tn many respects, their interests
were mutual and inseparable, such, for

example, as in the good conduct of
the native hordes, the suppression of
piracy, the maintenance of the status
quo.

  On the day that Abu made that
great speech of his. H. M. cruiser
Vanity came floating tranquilly into
the harbor of Zanzibar, and no sooner
was her anchor down than Captain
Berwind was over her side and off in
a sparkling launch to call on his old
friend, the agent.

Thi» •lory began in The All-Story Cavalier Weekly for May 3.

7*4
ABU, THE DAWN-MAKER.

725

  The Agency was one of the pleas-
antest places on the coast—large,
light and airy, in the midst of a
charming garden, verandas that were
alike famous for their view and their
hospitality.

  And Captain Berwind sighed as he
bade his host good-by with a hearty
handclasp and a slap on the shoulder.

  “ It makes me quite ill to leave you
so soon/' said the captain, who was
the picture of pink health and jollity
as he said it; “but really, we shall
have to look in on the beggars. Back
again in a fortnight, you know.”

  The agent smiled.

  “ I fancy it’s nothing serious.
Deuced pity you have to toddle off like
this!”

  The sparkling launch once more
trailed her wake across the harbor.
In a little while there came the silver
trill of a bo’s’n’s pipe and up from
the mud and water came the Vanity’s
anchor.

  It was a beautiful day, calm and
transparently clear.

  While the mosques and towers and
the long white walls of the town were
still as distinct and colorful as a pic-
ture by Gerorne, there lifted above the
horizon the dim contour of the main-
land, almost thirty miles away.

  “ They say the fellow, sir, is some-
thing of a religious fanatic," Lieu-
tenant Gordon remarked to his chief.

  “ Religion and murder usually go
hand-in-hand in these latitudes,” said
the captain.

  “ As in dear old Glasgow, sir, some
time back.”

  “ You may have a chance to lead a
shore-party,” the captain remarked.

  “ Oh, sir, I shall be the proudest
man in the fleet! ”

  " Tut, tut,” said the captain be-
nignantly. “ There'll be little enough
glory; a few niggers more or a few
niggers less! ”

  The Vanity steered south, not going
very fast, burning no more coal than
she had to. There was no occasion
for reckless haste—not so far as any-

one knew. She would take her time,
give a look round on the way.

  Besides, there was the time of the
day she would prefer to pay her re-
spects ^ to Zemballa, that being the
more important of the two towns that
she had in mind.

  She was keeping well out, but along
toward sundown she managed to pick
up a dhow, with a villainous-looking
crew aboard, under the captaincy of
one Msenna, who was as much a fol-
lower of the Prophet as he was a fol-
lower of anything—excepting the
shore; for to hug the coast was his
only science of navigation.

  Captain Berwind invited Msenna
into his cabin, and Msenna came,
where they discussed the weather and
the local gossip, with the greatest pos-
sible cordialty.

  It was a pleasant place, in spite of
the breeches of a couple of big guns
that obtruded their presence on the un-
initiated visitor. There was an elec-
tric fan, a fernery, a couple of ger-
aniums that had come out from Eng-
land, a lively canary in a cage, a table
with a red cloth.

  “ It is even as I tell you,” said
Msenna, with his eyes now on a lit-
tle stack of sovereigns which lay to
the left on the captain’s table, and
again on the service-revolver, which
lay to his right. “ Sultan Sayd Bin
Sayf was killed four days ago. and
now his throne in the palace is oc-
cupied by Sultan Sefu, surnamed the
Giver of Gifts, surnamed the People’s
Friend, surnamed the Dawn-Makers
Elder Son. He is— ”

 “ Where is this Dawn-Maker
now?” asked the captain.

  “ Lo, they say he is ascended in a
cloud, even as— ”

  The captain scowled at his revolver,
looked Msenna over.

  “Where is the Dawn-Maker now? ”
“ Lo, even as I said, and he has
come to earth again at the hill called
the Maniangno.”

  The captain started. The place was
indicated on all marine-charts as one
726

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

of the ancient coast-marks of import-
ance.

  ** Msenna,” he said. “ I hate to do
it: hut I am going to give you and
your men a free ride and your boat

a tow.”

  Msenna began a protest.

  “ You had no papers. I suspect you
of piracy/' snapped the captain. “If

I	find that I am mistaken, and a
mighty short time will permit me to
find out. I’ll pay you this gold.”

  The captain raised his hand an inch
or two, and the marines who had been
Msenna’s honorary escort, hustled
him to the upper deck, where the ven-
tilation was better.

  The Vanity, belying her name, had
the ragged dhow in tow as she circled
out and up the coast in the direction
of Zena. and while she was still a
good eight miles off her destination,
another dhow was reported, dipping
to the breeze, doing her best, ap-
parently. to head the cruiser off.

  Ten minutes later, the officer of the
deck reported that the dhow had run
up the Portuguese flag, that there was
a man who appeared to be a Portu-
guese officer aboard.

  In another ten minutes, the captain
of the Vanity was receiving the second
visitor in his cabin—a small man.
wiry, efficient.

  “ Braga! ”

  “ Berwind! ”

  “ You’ll excuse me.” said the Por-
tuguese captain with a laugh, “ for
appearing without shirt and collar,
with slippers instead of shoes—"

  He had pulled on a suit of linen—
jacket and trousers—and nothing
else, except the Moorish slippers he
wore.

  “ —but you see I was an Arab
when I left the shore. I left my rags
in the dhow, and you can thank God
for that, Berwind.”

  They looked at each other with
smiling seriousness.

  The flag-officer who had accom-
panied Braga to Captain Berwind’s
quarters saluted and withdrew.

  “ You have arrived just in time,”
said Captain Braga, when they were
alone. “ I knew you would. Oh you
British! The thing was getting ser-
ious! ”

  “ I smelled it at Zanzibar.” said Ber-
wind. “ I didn’t like the way the fel-
lows in the dhows looked up at me.
the way the niggers on the water-front
strutted and bunched together.”

  “ They’re all in it.” said Braga;
“ Swahili and Kafirs, Amatonga.
Mombasah, bushmen from the back-
country—all! ”

  “ By the Lord Harry! ”

  “ You know about Zemballa. No
regrets! Sayd Bin Sayf is well out of
the way. This fellow Sefu, who, ac-
cording to my secret agents, has taken
Sayd’s place, appears to be not a bad
sort—‘ people's friend.’—easy to man-
age if we show him that we are the
people’s hope. It is like that with
Saadi, now on the top of the heap at
Zena— ”

  “So they hold Zena. too?”

  “ They’ve done me that favor," said
Braga. “ They’ve performed a real
service—cleaned out Al-Marwazi and
his friends—you know, those fellows
who have been plotting another Arab
conquest? Saadi will make the best
of allies for us if we treat him right.
But— ”

  “ But this chap they call the Day-
Breaker. or the Dawn-Maker. or— ”
“ Him.” said Braga, slowly, “ we
shall have to get! ”

  “Another mad mullah?”

  “ Another Mohammed! ”

  “ No! ”

  “ Precisely! Berwind. you and I
have grown gray in this part of the
world, haven’t we? We’ve seen some
pretty ticklish situations, bv and large,
haven’t we? Well, my friend, this is
nnc of them—the beginning of one of
them, at any rate. They had a chauri
on the Mamangno to-day. They’ve
decided that their next step will be the
capture of—Zanzibar!”

 “My word!”

  “ They say the natives there, nig-
ABU, THE DAWN-MAKER.

727

ger and Arab, afloat and ashore, are
ready for the word. And, you know,
‘ if you play the flute in Zanzibar '— ”
“ What’s he like, this prophet—a
swash-buckler, a blood-drinker? ”

  11	Worse! The swine’s a poet! ”
“Curse it! I’ll get the beggar and
take that out of him."

  “ The sooner the better for all of
us. I’ve made my arrangements.
Over in Zemballa I can have Sefu
seized at any time. I can also have
a certain mullah who has been help-
ing him, knifed by an enthusiast.
That done, all that remains is diplo-
macy.

  “ Here in Zena, my men and the
Arabs of the back country, who are
ready, can clean up the town the mo-
ment that this d—d Dawn-Maker is
out of the wTay, and—sure—not—to
—come back”

  “ He won’t come back.”

  “ I suggest that we get him to-mor-
row at daybreak. He’ll be on his hill.
We can pen him up for the night. I'm
afraid there’ll be a hot ten minutes or
so. He won’t surrender. He’s not
that kind.”

  The captain rubbed his nose. He
touched a bell.

  “ A nip before dinner, Braga? No,
it will scarcely be worth while to ask
him to surrender—not until— "

  In the meantime, the Vanity was
pawing the smooth green water like
an impatient horse on the turf. Her
smoke curled upward, then slanted
toward the shore in response to the
variable breeze.

  She was barely moving, but getting
closer and closer to the coast.

  The shore, from where she lay, was
a picture of perfect peace—a flaming
sky over a tropic waterfront; jungle-
covered, except where Zena lay, a
streak of saffron and pinkish white
a little to the north; flat, except where
the headland called the Mamangno
thrust out its dark-green cliff almost
to the water’s edge a little further
south.

Lieutenant Gordon, on the bridge.

studied the scene passionately through
his binoculars. The light was bad,
with the shore in the shadow and the
sea as brilliant as the sky. But he saw
enough to keep him interested.

  “ There appear to be enough of the
rascals scampering about,” he said;
“ more than enough for any good.”

  “ There’ll perhaps be fewer of them
when the Old Man gets through with
them,” said Lieutenant Smith, his par-
ticular friend, who was there at his
side. “ Why. what— ”

  From the black top of the Ma-
mangno there had come a spark of
light in the deepening twilight, a puff
of smoke, then, long afterward, the
thud of a cannon.

  “ A salute,” said Smith.

  “ No,” said Gordon; “ by the Great
Horn Spoon, it’s'a challenge!”

  A spurt of water marked where a
shot had struck the oily, rocking sur-
face of the sea.

     CHAPTER XXXVIII.
     Night Before the Dawn.

THERE was a tremor of panic
among most of the natives as-
sembled on the Mamangno and
around it.

  A good many of them had never
seen a warship before, but they had
all heard about such a thing. It had
always been one of the chief instru-
ments of the white man’s magic.

  There was a tradition concerning it
that was more potent even than the
tradition of the Dawn-Maker.

  Abu sought to alia}’ this panic. He
was all the more keen in lifs efforts
to do so because he recognized that
there was a trace of it, perhaps, in his
own heart.

  Not that he was afraid. He had
passed beyond fear of any kind, long
ago. He was a man who had cast off
definitely all claim to life and to those
things that render life dear.

  It was ne who ordered the cannon
Jired, although he was not fool enough
728

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

to imagine that it could have any pos-
sible effect on that great steel mystery
floating out there in the offing, It was
the effect on his followers that he was
after, for he glimpsed the great trag-
edy that was already drawing near.

  He called his counselors about him.
talked to them about the reconstitu-
tion of the old Zenj empire to the
north, of Chaka’s old empire to the
south.

  lie commanded the drummer to
send out the call for all the fighting
men of all the tribes of Africa; and
this time the sound of the drum
tumbled and rolled like thunder—
something wholly different from the
calls that had gone out to the wise
men.

  It was to such an accompaniment
as this that he talked of achieving em-
pire through sacrifice—ten thousand,
or a hundred thousand Dawn-Mak-
ers, not one; and each of them, like
him. the bridegroom of a new day.

  But in the midst of all this there
came a new excitement. It was panic
mixed with exaltation, this time.

  Around a point of land to the south
there had suddenly appeared a dhow
with the flag of the Dawn-Maker
flapping at the masthead.

  There was scarcely any breeze, but
the crew of the dhow, evidently num-
erous. had the sweeps out and were
rowing.

  The first dhow was followed by an-
other, then another and another, until
there was a full score of them. It
was the fleet of Abdallah.

  The sails were red and yellow, or
striped blue and dirty white. The
hulls were crowded.

  While these were fanning out and
away from the shore, evidently in
keeping with some prearranged plan,
there appeared from the same quar-
ter a small iron steamship that had
long been familiar to every native liv-
ing on the shore.

  It was the Portuguese gunboat Di-
ogo Cam.

  She was shaggy from neglect. She

was belching blue wood-smoke. But
she also floated the flag of the Double

Eye.

And, a good deal as a terrier would
bolt for a bull, she headed straight

for the cruiser.

  All this in the flare and shimmer
of the setting sun, with the Indian
Ocean rocking lazily, with stupendous
Africa looking on.

  It was the cruiser that spoke first.
There was a puff of smoke, followed
by an inadequate but spiteful bark. It
was a blank cartridge, more likely
than not.

  The Diogo Cam kept her course.
She seemed to l>e picking up a little
speed, although her progress seemed
slow enough to those who watched her
from the shore.

  There ruffled up the first breath of
a breeze that sent her flag to writh-
ing, and which was seized upon im-
mediately. moreover, by the quick sail-
ors in the dhows.

  One or two of them, the first to
catch the breeze, heeled over and
raced in the direction of the cruiser
like gulls intent on a feed.

  The cruiser barked again, and this
time there was a jump of white water
near the Diogo Cam’s stem. At the
same time a little trail of signal-flags
shook out over the cruiser, as foolish-
looking as a line of washing.

  But to neither of these things did
the Diogo Cam pay any more atten-
tion than she had paid to that pre-
vious shot. She kept right on.

  Then, suddenly, the Diogo Cam
herself boomed out a challenge. She
had two small cannon mounted in bar-
bettes to port and starboard, and a
quick-fire mounted on her bridge.

  She must have fired all of these
simultaneously; only the quick-fire
was still rippling out its blasphemies
after the cannon had already coughed
their say.

  At the same time there was desul-
tory firing from several of the dhows.

  This much happened in one of those
breathless, eternal seconds which are
ABU, THE DAWN-MAKER.

729

long enough for the destruction or the
creation of a universe. Then the
cruiser fired twice, and it was seen
that something had happened to the
Diogo Cam and likewise to one of the
dhows.

  The gunboat had grown smaller by
her top-hamper. Her bridge and her
smoke-stack had jumped below as if
they had been pulled by strings.

  The stricken dhow was fluttering
over on its side like a winged bird,
and some of her people were over-
board.

  Another one of those surcharged
seconds, shattered by a double puff
and a double, snapping bark from the
cruiser, and the Diogo Cam answered
instantly with a puff of steam, a faint,
rumbling roar.

  She pawed the air for a second or
two. She disappeared.

  All this on the rocking ocean, in
the last red flare of the sunset, in the
midst of a sort of magnificent cyn-
icism in which even the cruiser shared
—as if the cruiser were a part of that
superworld which has no regard what-
soever for the affairs of men.

  And then panic had broken out
again on the Mamangno and in the
vicinity of it, and there was a swirl-
ing movement of the people in the
first distracted, aimless rush of an in-
cipient stampede.

  As if it had seen enough, the sun
plopped down, and it was almost in-
stantly night—just enough light left
out at sea to show how other dhows
were being crippled by the leisurely,
occasional sniff of the great steel beast
out there.

  “Brothers, brothers!” cried Abu.

  But he could scarcely make his
voice heard. His heart was filled with
anguish at the thought that thus Ab-
dallah had sacrificed himself in some
wild hope that he would be protected
by the Double Eye, and the parallel
thought that all these men who had as-
sembled here to do him honor, to share
his dream of the Dawn, might sim-
ilarly be annihilated.

  He had been looking forward to
some sort of a miracle, and this was
the answer to it.

  “ Brothers, brothers,” he shouted,
nevertheless; “ nothing can happen to
you—nothing but death! And what
is death, if we die for the Dawn? "

  Darkness closed in, sudden and
tight, almost like an act of imprison-
ment. But some one fired the pile of
brushwood that had been prepared in
front of his tent, and the flames roared
up showing the throne-chair there and
the piled-up treasure on the elephant-
skin.

  Abu rushed into the tent in search
of Rennyvo, in search of Kula. The
lamps were lighted, but the place was
deserted. •

  A moment, and he was listening to
the huge sough of a rising storm, re-
moter and greater than the shouting
and movement of the camp outside
the tent. Before he could make a
move to learn the meaning of this
new tumult, Kula and several other
of the witch-doctors burst in upon
him.

  It was Kula who spoke, even as he
came slanting forward and knelt in
front of him.

  “ Something has happened at Zena,
also,” cried Kula. “ They are storm-
ing here in this direction. We are
afraid that they mean no good. Save
yourself! "

  “Save myself?" Abu exclaimed,
tensely. He laughed. “ Save my-
self, when I’m meant to save the
world ? ”

  Kula looked up at him with the
mute appeal of a tame animal. The
other witch-doctors cried out to Abu
and among themselves that there was
a time to fight and a time to flee.

  Abu cursed.

  “ Where’s Rennyvo ? Where is Ma-
tanda? Oh, by Allah, I'll go alone—”

  “ Come away with us to the Sa-
cred Grove,” cried Kula.

   “ Have you still faith in the Sacred
Grove? ”

  “ Yes! The world changes, and the
730

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

men in it. but the Sacred Grove never

changes! ”

  •* Then hurry to it—you and all the
old men.” Abu answered. “ Pray to
your gods, and pray to Mecca, and
pray to the Father of All Gods, black
and white. But we younger men shall
stay here to fight. The white men can
beat us on the ocean, but on the land
we're equal, we re— ”

  What he was saying was inter-
rupted by a fusillade at the foot of the
Mamangno. a surge of cheering and
shrieks.

  Just outside the tent, in the midst of
the general clamor there. Abu heard a
voice he recognized. He started to
spring forward, but before he could
lake a step. Matanda staggered in—
gasping, naked, wounded.

  “ Bwatia! *’ he cried.

  Abu caught him. lowered him to the
carpet.

  “ The Arabs—they have taken Zena
by surprise—an army of them gath-
ered from the hills—aided by the Por-
tuguese—who have left their fort— ”
“ Kula. quick! Matanda is wound-
ed.” cried Abu. apparently indifferent
to anything else. “ Linen—water—
brown powder— ”

  Matanda smiled up at Abu.

  “ Dawn-Maker! Dawn-Maker! ”
The smile remained as his life slip-
ped out

  The old men lifted Matanda and
started off with him across the tent,
but it was doubtful where they hoped
to carry him. The human storm,
which, at its height, is always more
terrible than thunder and lightning
can ever be. was growing momentarily
more violent, more pressing.

  There were shots at the very door
of the tent, the voice of Rennyvo in
command, a howl of savage laughter.

  It was a strange contrast—first that
^roup of old men carrying off the
body of Matanda. staggering a little
under the weight; then that other
group that staggered in under Ren-
nyvo’s command, for they were young
and excited and they were tugging at

the elephant-hide with its piled-up

treasure.

CHAPTER XXXIX.
While Hope Flickered.

‘‘IQ! the mob from Zena,” cried
1 ^ Rennyvo, “ came like a pack of
famished hyenas! Traitors had
spread word that the treasure was
here for the taking. They—”

  “ The Arabs? '* Abu asked.

  “ It was the opportunity the Arabs
and the Portuguese were waiting for.
Saadi has been seized and taken to the
fort. The Portuguese control the
town. The Arabs aTe -scattering
through the brush. I came to save
this.”

  He indicated the treasure.

“ I came to save you. I shall cut a
path for you, get you to a place of

safety.”

  “I flee? ' cried Abu, fiercely. “I
am in the arms of my mother. Here
I remain! ”

  “ You could return here later.”

  “ I could, Rennyvo. I. Abu! The
Dawn-Maker could never return! v
“Spoken like a king!M cried Ren-
nyvo. “ Spoken like a Hova! ”

He knelt and kissed Abu's hand.
But the immediate danger was evi-
dently not from either Arabs or Por-
tuguese. but from the mob that had
come out from Zena.

  There was a swirl of cries and fight-
ing at the door of the tent, and the
first of the mob appeared, overwhelm-
ing the warriors whom Rennyvo had
left on guard while he tried to make
the treasure safe.

  They fought their way in with
famished cries, eager, indifferent to
blows, their eyes, their faces, their
every movement indicating that they
were tihe human wolf-pack that has
scented loot.

  They were worse than they had been
that night at Al-Marwazi’s house,
worse even than they had been after-
ward at Zena, for now they had tasted
ABU, THE DAWN-MAKER.

731

the sort of blood the)' wanted, had be-
come insatiable.

  A dozen men fell as they scrambled
at the glittering horde on the elephant
hide.

  Rennyvo shrieked something that
was both order and curse, and sprang
forward. He was unarmed. He
kicked and struck. It was as though
he kicked and struck a waterfall.

  Abu seized the copper incense-urn.
He swung it up. He advanced with it
poised.

  Not Samson with his jaw-bone of
an ass could have slain more Philis-
tines than Abu could have slain with
a club like that.

  But he stayed his hand.

  A hollow-eyed beach-comber whom
he recognized, and who must have
been cheated out of the good things of
Zena, for he was still gaunt and still
in rags, was sprawled there, just in
front of him, and had turned and
looked up at him as he clutched at gold
and gems.

  The mob was like a swarm of rats
in a granary.

  Abu staggered back, cast his weapon
from him. He caught the furious
Rennyvo by the arm and drew him
away.

  “ Let them do as they wish,” he said.
“ Call off your men.”

  But even tlhose warriors of Ren-
nyvo’s wer? not exempt from the same
passion that consumed the mob. They
had guessed the order before it reached
them, were themselves dipping into
the treasure.

  In its scrambling haste the mob was
making poor progress. Many of the
men who composed it were almost
naked, or, at best, clad in mere rags.
They tried to gather the treasure into
their arms. It slipped from their
grasp.

  They tried again.

  Sometimes one would get as far as
the opening in the rear of the tent,
would be jostled or toppled over,
would have to begin all over again.

  But a huge Kafir made a sack of

his loin-cloth and scraped it full,
started to stagger away into the con-
cealing night.

   Others were wildly following his ex-
ample—mauling, grabbing, scratching,
disappearing with all they could carry.
The treasure melted fast. Soon there
were those who crawled about on
hands and knees in the dim, light
shrieking with joy over a single nug-
get. a single gem, a single minted coin.

  Kula was there again, telling Abu
that he had had a sign and that he
was going out to meet his own death
in a fitting way—a way that would do
good, perhaps, for the cause. There
was a sacred serpent he knew about
on the flanks of the Mamangno itself.

  “ You are the Dawn-Maker, the son
of the world,’’ said Kula. “ There re-
mains to me a little fire, a little strength.
I place it, O Abu, on your altar with
the sacred serpent as my priest.”
“Don’t do it,” said Abu. “Don't!
What’s the use? It’s in vain.”

   “ No act like that, or yours, is ever
in vain, O Abu. Farewell! ”

  “Live while I live! O Kula. we
were slaves together. You were a
father to me. Leave me not. Don’t
you remember when I was little, and
Razi had beaten me, and I had crawled
into the stables to weep alone, and you
came to me— ”

  “ That night I read your destiny on
your brow. The time has come— ”

  “ And then, when I lay fettered, it
was you who went to Al-Marwazi, on
your knees, to beg— "

  “ Son, son. there is another Master

—the Compassionate-one I need

not fear.” Kula glanced about him,
looked back at Abu. “Nor you.” he
said. “ We both belong to Him.”
Kula put a hand to his ear. He
seemed to listen.

  “ The red night,” he whispered.
“ The angel calls. I go! ”

  Like a shadow he went, but like a
shadow that had left something of it-
self on Abu’s spirit. He dropped his
head in his hands. There were still
a few naked mongrels pawing about,
ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

732

but they did not notice him, nor did
he notice them.

  In a moment, in a breath, the whole
fabric of his empire had come tum-
bling down. A giant hand had reached
out and shaken him from his dream.
He was engulfed in an atmosphere of
nightmare.

  A little while ago he had debated
the conquest of the earth. He had
looked out upon a world that was new.
Now it was all as it had been. He
had no power except the power of his
body, his brain, and his spirit. Panic
had swept his people away.

  Old greeds, old lusts, old fears, had
them in their grip again—the real mas-
ters of the world!

  And the world had changed for him.
as well. He knew it. Deception fell
away from him. Clear sight came to
him now. with the roar of battle and
confusion all about him—came to him
as it h^d come often before, in theold
slave days, when the elements of his
life and circumstances fused like the
metals in a crucible into a single flash
of blinding truth.

  He had seen the faith and courage
of Abdallah snuffed out like the light
of a candle, by a breach out of the in-
finite.

  Snuffed out also was the flame that
had blinded him for these past few
days—his dream of empire, his dream
of world-deliverance. He had felt it
when panic first fell upon the people
who had assembled about him—that
they were on a foolish quest.

  That the great world would roll on
in its appointed way he saw clearly
now. whatever the aspirations and
prayers of men. But to compensate
this void that overwhelmed him there
rushed in the thought of Khadija—
her love for him. his renunciation, his
desire for her!

  This desire had become the one tre-
mendous fact of the universe. He
laughed. He shuddered. And he had
sent her away from him!

  All this in a small group of seconds
—such seconds as a man might live

when he is being hanged, or going

over the brink of Eternity in any other
way. It sent him rushing into her
part of the tent.

  The place was still instinct with her
presence. Xo bloodhound could have
been more sensitive to the atmosphere
that still lingered there despite all those
who had passed since she had gone.

  He caught up a cushion she had
used, he smelled it while his breast
heaved.

  “ Khadija.” he whispered.

  His brooding was ended by a fresh
outburst of heavy firing from the di-
rection of the shore.

  It aroused him to energy.

  He sprang up, looked about him,
saw what he wanted in the hippopo-
tamus-hide whip that hung against the
wall of the tent. It brought a smile
to his lips even now to recall that Kha-
dija had filched it from him for the
sake of some girlish whim.

  He seized it. 6\vung it in the air.

  The remaining grubbers about the
elephant-hide squealed and chattered
and scrambled out into the night.

  He tore away the linen tunic until
this arms and breast were bare and his
movements unhampered. The medal-
lion of the Double-Eye was still hang-
ing there. He pressed it to his lips,
lifted it above hrs head, looked up at it.

  “ You, Eye of Omnipotence. Eye
that looked brightly forth at the Dawn
of Creation,*’ he said. “ look into the
night and tell me—where is—Kha-
dija? ”

CHAPTER XL.
What the Double-Eye Saw.

AS Abu came out of his tent, armed
with his whip and the strength
of almost superhuman exalta-
tion. he paused for a moment or two
to look around him.

  The wide lire still blazed, sending
its quavering red light to the jungle all
around and up among the huge, far-
reaching branches of the calabash tree,
ABU. THE DAWN-MAKER.

making a small red light, like the one
to which Kula had referred, in the
midst of the greater night—the night
of stars and eternity.

  He saw a slinking crowd of people
—who they were he could not tell—
off to one side, and lie started toward
them. But they fled from him, al-
though he shouted after them:

  “ Ye are free. What do ye fear? ”

  He turned.

  The camp was deserted, although
there were sounds of war in several
directions, now vague and small, now
clear and complex.

  Yet, strangely enough, these did not
interest ihim immediately so much as
did the sight of the animals that had
been left there, the cattle and the wild
beasts that had been brought to him
that morning as gifts.

  He was touched, whether by the
irony of it, which was enough to make
him pity himself, or by pity for the
beasts, he could not have told.

  He noticed the young elephant,
tethered by its leg to a tree, and per-
iodically making mighty efforts to tear
itself free; the lion, which had looked
into his eyes that morning from its
wooden cage and which was clawing
and biting now at its bars with the
pitiful patience of all dumb creatures.

  For the time being Abu forgot
everything else. Then he laughed, not
mirthfully.

  “ Am I not the liberator? ” he cried
softly.

  He ran toward the elephant. It
swung at him with its trunk, but Abu
showed no fear. He spoke aloud.

  “ Behold, even as I freed myself! "

  The thongs that bound the elephant’s
leg were held by a toggle. Abu
knocked this free, and the elephant
slowly lifted its foot from the loop. It
essayed a step. It swung its huge bulk
forward at a trot.

  Before it had plunged into the jun-
gle, Abu was already working loose
the pegs that held the bars of the lion's
cage in place. The lion sparred at
him, kept up a purring growl. Abu

scarcely noticed. He jerked loose two
of the bars at once.

  There was a yellow flash, and the
lion was crouched on the earth in fr.ont
of him.

  It looked up at him, complaining,
lifted an armed paw.

  “ Fly to your mate, and let naught
hinder you,” said Abu, as he swung
'his whip.

  The lion was gone.

  He freed the tame leopard with the
collar about its neck. He liberated a
cage of apes. He addressed the fright-
ened cattle, telling them to remain near
the fire until their enemies were safe
away.

  Then he thought again of the quest
that had brought him out, and he
plunged into the nearest path that led
down the Mamangno’s side.

  He came plunging into a horde of
struggling men, and he could not tell
whether they were enemies or friends;
but he struck about him with his whip
and shouted that peace had come and
that there should be no more fighting.

  He was in a din of shouting, some
of which he understood.

   “ It is a genie! ”

   “It is the Sasabonsitm ! ”

   In the midst of the tumult, he struck
something with his foot. He reached
down and found a cloth twisted around
a jangling weight, and he knew that
he had recovered a portion of the
wealth that had been taken from the
tent. Without thought, he clung to it.
He still had it when lie emerged on
the beach.

   The night was starlit.

  The breath that came into him from
the blue-black sea brought with it a
surge of feeling that was almost joy.

   Far out he saw the lights of a ship,
and knew instinctively that this was
the warship that had been there earlier
in the night—quiet now, as if in wait-
ing—for what?

  “ I have a greater power than
yours,” he said, addressing it. “ Have
you a heart? Have you a soul? Have
you a hope? ”
734

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

   He might have said more, but he
saw, emerging from the nearer dark-
ness1 die ghostly shape of one of the
Arab dhows. At the same moment he
caught the thud of hoofs, and. by some
peculiarity he had noticed subcon-
sciously on the ride from Zemballa, he
knew that it was the horse that Ren-
nyvo had ridden then.

   Rennyvo he intercepted, hailed, and
the Hova slipped from his horse and
embraced him.

   “ The road to Zemballa/* he panted,
“ is cut at the marsh, held by a force
from the warship. Zemballa is be-
trayed; Setu a prisoner. O Dawn-
Maker, you are still my master, but let
me command! Our dream is ended.
Flee with me to Madagascar! ”

   There was a splash and they both
turned to look in the direction of the
dhow. Some one had jumped over-
board.

   Rennyvo leaped forward before Abu
could detain him, drew a revolver,
cried a challenge.

   “ I seek the Dawn-Maker/' cried the
•man in the water. “ I come from my
lord Abdallah.”

   He floundered ashore, Rennyvo giv-
ing him a helping hand.

   “ What is the word from my Abdal-
lah?” asked Abu.

   The man peered at him through the
darkness, would have fallen on his
face, but Rennyvo and Abu both held
him up.

  “You are the Dawn-Maker?”
  “Yes, and Abdallah?”

   “ We were up the coast, above Zena,
when we heard the news, and as fast
as the breeze would bring us we hast-
ened to your aid. The wind died out.
Abdallah towed us with his ship of
iron. Afterward we rowed. His only
thought was to keep the enemy’s war-
ship from attacking you—his only
thought has been of you—and now, to
think—”

   ‘Quick, my Abdallah!” cried Abu.
“ We picked him up from the water,
after his ship was blown to pieces—**
“ Was he hurt ? ”

  “ He was dying—he is dead.”

  “ O Abdallah ! ”

  “ JI is last words were of you. He
charged me to come and save you.
When 1 promised, he said that he died
happy, for he knew you would forgive
him, fmd some one to take his place.”

  “ Sweet Abdallah! You’ll be my
captain when I cruise the stars. Ren-
nyvo, you and this brave comrade sail
away while yet there’s time. Here—
oh, here—-is enough 4o enrich both him
and you— ”

  Hg thrust the cloth with the treasure
in it into Rennyvo’s hand, but both the
Hova and the man of the sea cried out
that they would never leave him.

  44 I command you! ” said Abu. “Am
I not the Dawn-Maker? My escape is
planned. I prepare a mystery. Go!
Go with my blessing! ”

  “They will kill vou/’ said the sailor.

  “ I shall live.”

  “You will appear again?” cried
Rennyvo, wonderingly.

  “ Yea. each time you dream.”

  Abu laughed. Then he kissed each
of these two murderous, devoted ideal-
ists on the forehead, thrust them
toward the water, sprang toward Ren-
nyvo’s horse, and, in a moment w'as on
its back.

  The horse plunged into the darkness
of the beach in the direction of Zena.

  They passed several figures who
fired after them.

  Two hundred yards past the last
slope of the Mamangno they charged
into a sudden sheet of flame, and it
was as if the horse had taken wings,
.it was leaping so high and far.

  But Abu understood, and was ready
when it fell.

  Dismounting he charged into the
company that had lired, slashing with
his whip, fighting as he had fought
that other night when he freed himself
forever—as much as any man can be
free. Before the enemy could recover
themselves from his onslaught, almost
before they had realized what had hap-
pened, he was well off into the dark-
ness along the beach again.
ABU. THE DAWN-MAKER.

735

  He paused.

  He had started out for Al-Mar-
wazi’s -house as the most likely place
for Khadija to have sought a retreat,
acting as she had done, no doubt, with
the cognizance and aid of Kula. But,
suddenly, he knew that she was no
longer there.

  Where was she?

  He lifted the Double - Eye once
more above his head, and looked up.

  “ I asked you,” he averred.

  Over toward the back of the Ma-
mangno, across the marsh}- jungle,
there came the sound of scattered
firing.

  “Your answer?” he asked.

  The Double-Eye seemed to twist
his arm, while a spasm of fierce joy
swept into his heart. The Double-Eye
had answered him!

  He plunged into a path he had
known ever since his boyhood. He
was running as swiftly and securely
as that young lion he had released a
little while ago must be running now.

  He ran into an Arab patrol, there
to head the Dawn-Maker off if he at-
tempted to escape. In the midst of
them, as dim as a wraith of vapor in
a cave, he saw her for whom he
sought.

  Without a word, with scarcely a
sound, he charged.

      CHAPTER XLI.
      “ So Endeth Empire!

NOT until he had struck once,
twice, thrice, with such brutal
force that the terrible whip
might as well have been a simitar, did
he utter a word, and then it was to
Khadija:

  “Run! Run! I shall follow you!”

  But, instead of running, Khadija
snatched a rifle from one of the reel-
ing men and fired it twice without
lifting it at two rearing shadows to
the left.

  A moment later she was swept
from her feet, swooning, weak, and

Abu was leaping forward with her in
his arms.

  He crouched and was off the path
as a ripping^fusillar1 came hurtling
after them. *He made his way care-
fully along a fallen log in darkness
that would have made the road im-
possible to one bred to a different
school; again found solid ground.

  He went along for a while as
stealthily as a man-eating tiger ap-
proaches a village. Not even a dog
could have heard him. There was no
dashing recklessness now. He had
Khadija to protect.

  He held her close. She reached up
and put her arms about his neck. He
knelt with her for a moment, pressed
his lips to hers, while his heart
pounded.

  “ Let me walk,” she whispered.
“O Abu, I have found thee! ”

  Not more than ten yards away was
the report of another rifle. The line
was drawing close. They were within
that line.

  There was no outlet by the beach.
To escape through the jungly swamp
on either side of the Mamangno ex-
cept by the paths would have been
well-nigh impossible, even had Abu
been alone. With Khadija it was
altogether impossible.

  It was increasingly clear that the
cordon had been tightly drawn across
the back of the old fortress. There
also he could have fought his way
through had he only himself to look
out for.

  He got away from the danger-zone
as rapidly as possible, and was well
up the slope of the Mamangno before
he paused again.

  There he knelt again to rest, to
catch his breath, to think, to speak.
They were on a path that only he
could see. Khadija crouched on the
ground, and huddled close into his
arms like a frightened child.

  “ I came to find thee,” she whis-
pered. “Now we are together!”

  “ I must give you up,” said Abu;
then held his breath for her answer.
736

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  W» answer came. His hand stole
softly to her face. It was as he sus-
pected. There were tears.

  He pressed her to him tenderly.

He would have kissed 'her again, but
he did not dare. He wanted to keep
his head cool. He was trying to think,
trying to see clearly, as he had done
so often before in his life.

  It wasn’t death that frightened
him, not in the least. He would have
charged his enemies again as gladly
as he had a little while ago, and
broken through the lines.

  What frightened him was the mem-
ory of what he had seen back there
on the path through the swamp, Kha-
dija an East-Coast prisoner. It made
him sick.

  What if he hadn't found her? What
if the Double-Eye had not led him to
the place where she was? What if he
had been killed too soon?

  Khadija was whispering to him,
but his thought had been so intense
that at first he did not get the purport
of what she was saying.

  “—because life without thee would
not be life. So I left Al-Marwazi’s
house and crept out along the beach;
but saw other armed men who talked
of slaying thee, and then I took the
path to the right — and there -saw
other men. I sought to pass them. I
ran. They fired. Still other men ap-
peared in front of me—”

  “My Khadi}a! ”

  “ My heart cried out to thee. 'Twas
all I asked—thou and death! And
now thou sayest thou must give me
up! ”

  “ It was on your account! ’’

  “ Abu!”

  “ Say on.”

  “ What saidst thou about the Door
of Death? Abu, thy Khadija sought
to pray. She asked that she lie not
leit in darkness when thou passest
through; that she grope not for thy
hand in vain; that she call thee not
in loneliness anil silence. Abu. the
night waneth. Perchance our door
shall open with the dawn.”

  Abu kissed her again, and he was
llooded with such mad joy as he had
never known before.

  He arose and gathered her up in
his arms again. He stood there, peer-
ing for a moment straight ahead.

  He saw a dim shape, the sheen of
two eyes, heard the breathing of a
lion. Silently he said:

  “ You are hungry, but I am he who
set you free.”

  As silently as it had appeared, the
lion was gone again.

  Abu went slowly now, as one who
performs some sacred rite.

  It was a rite.

  He was bringing back his bride to
his mother's house. So his heart
sang, for his heart was unburdened
as it had not been since the night that
the breath of Allah blew Khadija’s
hair against his face.

  He had asked the Mother of the
World for peace. His prayer was
answered!

  They came to the top of the hill, to
the edge of the cleared space, and
there Abu put Khadija down. She
stood at his side with her arm around
him. She looked up at him.

  “ Oh, Abu,” she thrilled softly,
“ we are home! ”

 Home!

  The word smote his heart, brought
a lump to his throat, and filled him
with such intense joy that there was
a pain,in his chest.

  The place was deserted as when he
left it. Only the cattle were still
there, and they mooed and moaned a
welcome, for they knew that the lion
was lurking about; and they were
glad to see this man and woman who.
for them, were as gods no doubt.

  But the gold tent of the Dawn-
Maker was still there under the cala-
bash-tree, and the lesser tent at its
side. The. fire was dying down, but
it still cast a red glow over every-
thing-

  ft cast a red glow over the deserted
throne-chair that had been brought
tip from Al-Marwazi’s house.
ABU. THE DAWN-MAKER.

737

  Abu pressed Khadija to his side.

  “ Throne.” he said, “ you have em-
 braced how many men? Were they
 happier for that? Was the world
 gladder? You have led a harlot life! ”

  He smiled down at Khadija. He
was pleased with his fancy. So was
she.

  “ Burn it,” she said. “ We'll offer
 it up as a sacrifice.”

  “ O - ho! ” cried Abu; “ that all
 thrones could be burned as a sacri-
 fice!”

  He seized it and dragged it for-
 ward. It must have weighed two hun-
 dred pounds, but he picked it up and
 cast it to the center of the fiery heap.

  There was a curl of yellow’ smoke
 that instantly grew in volume; the
 liames caught, and the throne began
 to blaze.

  They watched it, fascinated.

  “ See how the flames leap upward,”
 said Khadija; “ as if they were glad! ’

  “ TheV are glad because they go
 upward,” said Abu.

  “ We are flames,” said Khadija.

  “Of the one fire,''^said Abu.

  “ So also shall we be glad.”

  She smiled up at him, weirdly and
 tenderly, with the firelight on her face.

  “Yea!” whispered Abu; “so ends
empire, so begins life.”

  They passed through the door of
 die tent.

CHAPTER XLII.

On the Mamangno’s Bosom.

THERE was but little change ap-
parent in the interior of the tent.
The lamps that had been lighted
earlier in the night were still burning.
The curtains hung in place. Through
the raised partition walls wras Kha-
dija's divan with its tumbled cushions.

  Inanimate objects have a way of
 speaking their indifference to human
 change.

  Khadija and Abu paused just in-
 side the door and looked about them.

  “I thirst,” said Abu; “and you?”

  “Thou art my husband!” cried
Khadija, like a child who proposes a
game; ‘ and thou hast just returned
from thy work; and I—I am thy wife
who hasteneth to prepare thy sup-
per! ”

  “Nay!” cried Abu. “You are the
bride, and I am the bridegroom; and
you command the wedding-feast.”

  He kissed her, and she ran away.

  He looked back through the door
of the tent. It was almost dawn.

  On the floor of the tent he found
two things that had been overlooked
by the looters in their haste and ex-
citement. One of tiiese was an an-
tique ring. The other was a bracelet,
likewise of antique workmanship.

  He looked at them curiously, and
was about to toss them to one side,
when Khadija returned.

  She carried an earthenware jug
and a painted cup.

  “ Fami hid this—palm-wine of the
best — to quench thy thirst and to
bring thee back thy strength. What
hast thou there? Rest, sweet Abu.
Sit down besjjde me here 011 the divan.”

  “ Your wedding present, my Kha-
di ja. See, the ring of some long-dead
princess; the bracelet of some old
king.”

  They were seated side by side on
the edge of the low divan. Abu took
Khadija’s hand and kissed it, and
slipped the ring on her thumb.

  “Poor little princess!” Khadija
sighed. “ Even if thou wert a prin-
cess thou must have loved and suf-
fered and wept, and had thine hour
of almost killing, maddening happi-
ness, even as I! Nay, nay! Not the
bracelet. That was the king’s. Give
it to me, Abu. Now, it is mine? ”

  She had taken the bracelet, and
was pressing his arm against her
breast, as if she asked a gift that he
might refuse.

  “All yours, my goddess - bride! ”
said Abu.

  “ Then see! ” She began to fasten
it about his wrist. “ Then I give it
to thee. Say that thou wilt never part
738	ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

with it; that it is thine; that it is a
gift from thy Khadija!”

  *• I say all of that, and also that 1
love you as no man ever loved woman;
as Allah loved A Mat and thus brought
love into Jhe world.”

  “ Oh, Abu, 1 let thee thirst! ”

  “You are my life-giver.”

  “ I love thee so! "

  “ Love gives life! ”

  “ More than vows—”

  “ Love is the universal vow,"
thrilled Abu. “ Keep that, and all
other vows are vain. Give me the
cup. Nay, hold it to my lips.”

  Into the silence that fell upon them
there came the sound of a bird-song.
They looked into each other’s eyes.
They recognized it. They had heard
it together on the shore. It announced
the coming of the day.

  “ Yea. Khadija,” Abu whispered,
“ thus begins life."

 “ Thou art the Maker of the
Dawn,” Khadija answered.

  He put his arms about her.

  The bird sang again. There came
the chirp and twitter of other birds.
The cattle lowed, for they were
thirsty, and soon they could go down
from the hill to drink.

  “ Hast thou not made the dawn
for me and thee?” Khadija whis-
pered tenderly, her breath on his face.
“ O Abu, is not this the Dawn of
Creation, with a new paradise swim-
ming out of the darkness, and only
one man and one woman in it?”

  “ You are the Dawn-Maker. not
I," Abu answered with a straining
heart. “ See. for thirty years I exist-
ed. For these thirty minutes have I
lived. Oh, now I know why they call
Allah the Compassionate!”

  For a period the earth seemed to
have been engulfed in an atmosphere
so fine that it vibrated and sang to the
music of the universe, responded to
no other sound. Time stood still, or
sped over centuries and eons.

  It was the Dawn in Cosmos to
which they had each referred. De-
struction and sudden death beset

them on every side, and yet they were

as unconscious of these things as if
they had been moats dancing in a
sunbeam—as perhaps they were.

  Yet the night was fading. The
Mamangno, as if regretfully, was
getting up from a bed of mist.

  The Arabs, Portuguese, and British
—the latter l>eing the eternal law-giv-
ers in these regions—had drawn their
cordon tighter and tighter around the
Mother of the World. All of her
children who would had been permit-
ted to escape—all save this last one,
who was there now with this bride of
his. Clever Arab scouts, as stealthy
as tigers and as cogent as hate, had
made themselves as certain of this as
they could be.

  But when Captain Berwind of the
Vanity learned that the camp w'as
still standing he decided to try the
place out with a shell or two before
undertaking the final charge*

  “ I thought of you." Abu whis-
pered. “ when I told them that the
other word for Dawn was Love.”

  There came a shaking detonation
from the east, an eery roar, the thun-
derous shock of an exploding shell.

  Khadija let out a quavering little
cry.

  “ They kill thee!"

  “ They cannot kill me.” Abu an-
swered. “ Like this wre’ll live for-
ever.”

  He strained her to his breast, and
lifted his head.

  The stampeding cattle were rushing
past. A second shell fell and exploded
closer than the first. The war - ship
was getting the range.

  “Shall we flee, Khadija?”

  He asked it. although he knew
there was little hope.

  “Nay, nay!" she answered with
joy. “ We stand together at the
door.”

  The second shell, or the third, must
have found the fire and sent its em-
bers again>t the front of the tent, for
it began to burn. It flamed up eager-
ABU, THE DAWN-MAKER.

739

ly, as if it also were through with
earth, glad to go. Abu staggered to
his feet, and still held Khadija close.

  There was a cessation of the bom-
bardment, while the fire burned
brightly and more brightly still, and
they could look out through the drop-
ping curtains to the jungle-fringe, to
the red - and - purple sea, the rising
glory of the sun, and, in the midst of
it all. man's instrument of destruc-
tion, the dim, gray cruiser.

  The sun sent its light in upon them,
and clothed them with its warmth.

  “ Our dawn,” said Khadija.

  “ The eternal dawn! ”

  He pressed his lips to hers.

  Time ceased to exist for them.
They seemed to be on the threshold
of infinity at last.

  Then with one accord they were
speeding together down the flank of
the Mamangno. It was as if the sun
had brought them another sort of
light than that which it brought to
the rest of the world. It was as if in
response to their supreme prayers and
their supreme faith they had been
granted a vision.

  Somewhere near the foot of the
hill they encountered a squad of Brit-
ish marines, immaculate and white, in
charge of a young lieutenant. And
the lieutenant stared at them curious-
ly, murmured the one magical word,
u White,” and let them pass.

  They came out on the golden beach
in the almost blinding light of the
rising sun. Dawn indeed!

(The

   T hey were hailed by a voice they
recognized, and they saw Rennyvo
rushing upon them.

  “The dhow awaits you!” cried
Rennyvo. “ We couldn’t go away
without you. Glory to the Name of
the Most High! Glory to the Maker
of the Dawn and to his chosen bride!”
They steered to the east, with the
whole visible world above and about
them “ enameled in fire.” Abu and
Khadija were in the bow of the boat,
their arms about each other.

  “Yea, God!’' whispered Abu.
“ This is empire. Thou hast given
me liberty. Thou hast given me love.
Thou hast given me sorrow. Brother,
you also will see it—the Dawn of
Dawns—the Sunrise of the Soul! ”

   There are stories on the East Coast,
 stories current among the people that
 will be handed down for generations,
 perhaps to pave the way for some
 new prophet in ages to come. They
 tell of Abu, the Dawn-Maker, of his
 humble origin, his conquests, his say-
 ings, his miracles.

   And greatest of all the miracles that
 are recounted of him is that of how
 Abu, surrounded by his enemies, fired
 upon by the white men's war-ship,
 was snatched bodily to paradise from
 Mamangno, Mother of the World,
 together with the woman who clung
 to him in the face of death.

  And Abu, in his wonderful new
world with Khadija beside him, would
perhaps admit its truth.

end.)

V

u

SAFETY FIRST

BY WALTER G. DOTY

     WHEN babies start to cry,

     The women standing by
     With one accord begin
     A still hunt for the pin.

It seems, at such outburst,

The motto's: Safety First.
5&d fpood
and jW

ue

<h Fletcher Chen&ult

Y	partner had heartlessly de-
serted me to consort with a
sallow - complected youth,
and I had paused in a door-
way to watch the dancers
whirl by and listen to the
music.

 It was then that I looked up sudden-
ly, to behold old Dr. Bertrand tread-
ing his way toward me and to fear the
worst.

 Sure enough, the old sawbones
hove to alongside and buttonholed me,
to resume an argument that I supposed
had been settled—if not to his satisfac-
tion. at least to mine.

 “ But, sir,” he wheezed with pom-
pous dignity, “blood will tell. I say!
It this conceited upstart — this un-
couth farmer—dares show his face
here to-night he will be ruined, world
without end, politically. And bless
your sweet life, he knows it! ”

 “ Dare is hardly the word, doctor,”
I objected, shaking my head. “ Re-
member that I have seen Sheriff Boyd
put to the test. If he fails to show up
here to-night it will not be because of
Rupert nor Major Ware. All that can
keep him back will be respect for the
occasion.”

  i flung my arm out in a gesture that
included the dancers in the hall, the
senile gossipers in the big room across
the hall — even the dusky musicians
screened behind palms.

  “ Times have changed.” I reminded
the old aristocrat. He had singled me
out as a target for his wrath, it seemed
—no doubt because he knew that Sher-
iff Boyd was my old schoolmate and
boyhood friend. “ A great moral
wave is sweeping the country. But
that is not the point, doctor. The
point is that a sheriff—any sheriff—
who fails to enforce the law as he
finds it is not a capable official.”

  “ But poker-playing!” Dr. Bertrand
exclaimed — one might have supposed
that he had mentioned the most honor-
able occupation in the world. “ Who-
ever heard of a man being arrested in
this county for playing poker?”

  “ Poker-playing has descended to a
lower level since the days of the ‘ gen-
tleman's game,’ ” I argued. “ But
poker - playing, forgery, or horse-
racing—it’s ail one to the majesty of
law. A sheriff—”

  I had other sound and reasonable
arguments in mind, but was not given
an opportunity to present them. A
commotion near the front door arrest-
ed my attention.

  Those who stood nearest the en-
trance were greeting a newcomer, a
man whose broad-brimmed black hat
floated above the swaying dancers like
the head-dress of a giant Jesuit.

  Our question was answered: the
sheriff had come!

  I turned on Dr. Bertrand with a

740
BAD BLOOD AND BLUE.	741

cynical smile—a smile, however, that
escaped his attention. He, too, had
seen the big felt hat with the wide
brim, and the pale, serious face of
Jerry Boyd beneath it.

  For a moment my old friend—for
Dr. Bertrand was an old friend, too—
was swept off his feet, so to speak, by
the turn of events.

  “Well, I'll be — jiggered!” he
wheezed in a tone almost as emphatic
as profanity.

  Down the long dance-hall came
Jerry Boyd, keeping well out of the
circle of waltzers and glancing about
sharply.

  I supposed he was seeking young
Rupert Ware, but found that I was
mistaken.

  As Boyd came down the hall he in-
quired for Major Ware; and having
found and addressed the major, the
two of them came toward the door of
the smoking-room where we were
standing, Major Ware in the lead.

  Trouble of some kind was brewing-
on Riverside Plantation.

  I knew it. and old Dr. Bertrand
knew it, and the tall young sheriff
knew it better than either of us, al-
though to my mind he was more tran-
quil than any of our bidden guests.
But he knew the Wares, an excitable,
quick-tempered * breed — men and
women.

  If he didn't know them, he was to
learn something of their fiery nature
when he came face to face with Helen
.Ware on the edge of the circle of
merry-makers.

  Short, hot words passed between
them, the rapid speech of ruffled tem-
per; and as I moved a step nearer I
caught a fragment of the girl’s mono-
tone, which reminded me of the buzz-
ing of an angry bee.

  “—And if you humiliate me here
before my guests,” I heard her warn
him. “ I shall never—”

  “ Never speak to you again,” no
doubt, but of that I cannot be sure.
The sheriff was making a futile effort
to explain.

   “ I’m not to blame, Helen.” he whis-
pered—every word, I fancied, falling
on unheeding ears. “ If only you
will—”

  A sudden, discordant squawk of the
bass violin drowned his words, and
before the heavy notes had ebbed
Helen was moving majestically down
the hall.

  Boyd checked himself when he real-
ized that by the simple expedient of
leaving him the girl had contrived to
avoid an argument.

  His face was a flaming red as he
shouldered his way through the door
and halted expectantly in the center of
the smoking-room. Certainly he could
not have been highly pleased with the
way events were shaping up, for the
good opinion of this one girl meant
more to him, as I happened to know,
than the good opinion of all the other
W'ares combined.

  I followed behind the sheriff and
saw Major Ware circle the table, for
which I was thankful, and turn de-
fiantly to face the intruder.

  One or two of the loungers, under-
standing that the interview was of a
private nature, rose languidly from
their seats and edged toward the door.
But Major Ware halted all of us with
upraised hand.

   “ And now. sir,” he said, turning to
Boyd again, “ what can I do for you?
I understand you come in an — ah —
official capacity.”

  “ My business is with your son—
with Rupert Ware," Boyd rejoined
briskly. ** I thought it best—that is,
as a matter of courtesy, Major Ware,

I have come to you first. No doubt
you have been advised that I have a
warrant for Rupert."

  “Good Heavens, sir!" the major
exploded. “ You're all-fired civil. I
must say—breaking in on a dance to
serve a warrant! You thought my son
would run away. I suppose—like a
thief in the night? "

   “ I will admit that I had reasons to
believe your son might try to escape,”
said Boyd gravely. “ In fact, he sent
742

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

me word that he intends to leave the
county and that 1 had better not inter-
fere. I had to take him at his word,
major. I did not intend to interrupt

the dance.”

  “ The-you didn't! ” roared the

major, who was casting about for a
chance to shift the burden of fault.
“ You came here to be in the lime-
light, didn’t you — to advertise this
thing from one end of the county to
the other?

  “ I call on you to witness, gentle-
men ”— he indicated our little group
by a sweep of his hand — “I call on
you to witness how this man has gone
out of his way to insult me. I want
you to observe and to bear in mind
what I have to say. I pledge you my
word this man will never again be
sheriff of Sheridan County! "

  The major flung this defiance not at
the silent and abashed sheriff, who
stood twirling his hat on his fore-
finger. but at the half dozen of us
strung about the room in awkward
poses.

  I supposed all of us realized its sig-
nificance. For Major Ware, when he
was pleased to take a hand, could
make himself a power in Sheridan
County politics.

  We watched the two men as they
stood and surveyed each other like
cocks in a pit, the major glaring fierce-
ly, and Boyd returning the stare with
a calmness that I was forced to ad-
mire. Then the door to the rear porch
flew open, admitting a draft of fresh
air, and with it young Rupert Ware
himself, red-faced and perspiring.

  I for one noticed that the boy had
been drinking. All of us observed the
pistol in his hand.

  Behind us the rollicking strains of
music rose and fell without a pause.
The door stood ajar, but the dancers
were as if in a world apart from the
little by-play in the smoking-room.
Only two of the young j»eople—Helen
and Natalie Ware-—knew why Sheriff
Boyd had come to the Riverside dance.

  Rupert held his pose too long for the

startling effect he had planned, but
finally lie spoke.

  “Here 1 am, Jerry Boyd — why
don't you take me?" he blazed out
sneeringly. “ You say you have a war-
rant for me; why don’t you serve it? ”
The sheriff met Rupert’s defiant
stare without flinching—a cynical,
tolerant smile masking any anger he
may have felt.

  “ You have the advantage, I be-
lieve," he admitted. “ I supposed you
would go peaceably, Rupert. You are
a man of good family. I—well, the
fact is I haven’t a gun.”

  He made this announcement apolo-
getically, certainly without the faintest
trace of anger; yet his veiled sarcasm
stung the pampered youth to the quick.

  “You lie!” Rupert cried, his thin,
high-pitched voice rising almost to a
shriek. “ You’re afraid to shoot it out
with me—that’s what! You haven’t
the nerve of a—a calf! ”

  Boyd shrugged his shoulders and
made a sudden conciliatory gesture
with outstretched palms.

  “ Any man in the room want to
search me?” he suggested. “I
came on duty— ”

  “ Don’t give me that hang-dog
spiel! Clear out of here, Terry Bovd
—and don't ever come back'.”

  Boyd glanced at the major for con-
firmation of this sullen command.

  The stern old planter stared back
frigidly.

  I saw there was no sympathy for
my tall friend in that quarter, and I
found myself sighing as it came home
to me that the major was taking a
stand for the first time in his life
against law and order.

  Boyd also sighed.

    I’ll go,” he said. “ but before I
go I want to warn you that we are
going to serve this warrant if it takes
a month. I’ll bring my gun next
time, if you’re spoiling for a fight.”
He lifted his wide black hat from
the table and placcd it gently on his
head. Seeming to reconsider, he re-
moved the hat and stepped back a
BAD BLOOD AND BLUE.

743

pace, still facing the major and the
Jatters irate son.

  “ Major Ware,” lie began, clearing
his throat in an embarrassed manner,
“ You are a citizen of some standing
in the community. You ought to use
your influence to— ”

  “ There’s the door! ” the major
thundered. " Good-night, sir ! ”

  Boyd smiled grimly, clapped his hat
back on his head, bowed profoundly,
and left the room.

  In the hall he met Helen Ware on
the arm of a perspiring youth, who
begged to be represented on her pro-
gram card and seemed loathe to ac-
cept no for an answer.

  Boyd removed his hat again and
faced the major’s elder daughter.

  “ I just wanted to tell you— ’’ he
began briskly, and paused.

  Without deigning to notice him in
the least, Helen swept down the hall
on the arm of her escort, leaving the
sheriff staring after her in some con-
fusion.

  We were to take the boat for New
Orleans the next afternoon—Major
Ware, his two daughters, Dr. Bert-
rand, and myself; and the five of us
were grouped at the Ware landing
when the Nancy Lee paused at the
bank with throbbing engines to take
us on board.

  The Ware landing was an adjunct
to the Ware plantation, a private
landing seldom used, and a few boxes
of freight were piled up for down-
river points.

  Within five minutes the last of
these boxes had been hoisted on board
and the captain gave the signal to
cast off.

  The roustabouts darted down the
stage planks, but a voice from high
above us halted them at the stakes.

  “Hold up!” the pilot yelled in a
deep-toned river accent.

  1 glanced aloft and beheld the vet-
eran riverman framed like a giant
spider behind his wheel. He was
staring across the fields at something

screened from our sight by the sandy
bluff.

  Two minutes later a horseman
dashed up and dismounted, passed his
reins to a negro, ran down the bank
and flung himself on board.

   I recognized our belated passenger
the moment he came into view. I
recognized him by his tall, well knit
frame and the broad-brimmed black
hat he wore; but why Sheriff Boyd
had decided at the last minute to fol-
low our party was beyond my com-
prehension.

   “ You’re an unexpected guest,” was
my greeting when he had trudged up
the boiler deck stairs and joined me—
“ an unwelcome guest, I might add.
If you're looking for Rupert Ware
you’re on a cold trail.”

• Boyd glanced over his broad shoul-
der toward the ladies’ cabin, and I
could almost read his thoughts.
Helen Ware, who had been standing
at my side, had retreated in that
direction the moment she recognized
her whilom lover—had flown. I am
tempted to say.

  Some one was thrumming on the
piano in the cabin, but it was not
Helen. I knew whose sly fingers
were toying with the ivory keys, and
matching them with a perfect white-
ness. No musical instrument could
remain at peace while Natalie Ware
was around.

  Boyd sighed as he turned back and
watched the crew cast off.

   “ Not so cold, perhaps, as you im-
agine,” he mused, after a little.
“ Your brother-in-law-to-be is on the
boat.”

   “ Foiled again ! ” I chuckled. “ I
saw every man who stepped on board
and Rupert was not among those
present. You'd better back up and
take a fresh start."

  “ Do you know who boarded the
Nancy Lee at Ellis Island .J ”

  “Oh, that’s it!” I gasped. “He
caught the boat at Ellis Island!”

  “ And brought along his body-
guard—Joe Hardin and Ad Morris.
744

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

I'm going to take the three of them
off at Bodfish Landing. Herbert. I
shall try them single-handed, but I
may have to call to you for a little
help before it's over.”

  “ Count on me,” I boasted. “ I've
never had a chance to put my com-
mission as a deputy to any practical
use. I believe you appointed me just
because I voted for you. I’d have
taken a hand last night if you had
once chirped.”

  “Last night?’’ Boyd laughed, and
instantly became serious again. “ I
don’t like for that boy to make a mon-
key out of me as he did last night."

  “ It’s the first time I have ever seen
you back down from a business prop-
osition Jerrv. But, of course, I un-
derstand why. You couldn’t have
done otherwise.”	*

  Boyd smiled, a grave, mirthless
smile.

  “ You don’t understand at all," he
assured me. “I’m a changed man.
Herbert. I picked up a novel at a
circulating library the other day—
you know I’ve never had much edu-
cation and I’ve been reading a little.
Well, this book taught me a lesson.
It’s called ‘ The Virginian ’—per-
haps you’ve read it. That Virginian
was true blue; he was metal of the
right sort.

  “ There’s no great honor or glory
in going around with a chip on your
shoulder. The bravest man is not al-
ways a loud talker—like that man
Tram pas, for example.’’

  “ Better tell Dr. Bertrand and
Major Ware that. They’ve never
given you credit for much nerve, I
fancy.”

  “ They may be nearer right than
you imagine. I was a little like Ru-
pert myself once, but I’m older now'
—much older. Nerve is not to be
measured by the length of a six-
shooter. I like that Virginian. Tie
went about his business in a quiet
way; no fuss and feathers, but when
it came to the scratch he was Jolmny-
on-the-spot.”

  I saw Natalie Ware come out of
the ladies' cabin. She paused a mo-
ment on her way to the texas deck
and made a wry grimace at Boyd’s
back.

  I smiled and turned again to the

sheriff.

  “ You’d better be careful how you
go at Rupert," I warned him.

  “ I know it. What that boy needs
is a good .spanking, and he’ll get it'
some day. But there’ll be no shoot-
ing. I’ll not have a man’s blood—
any man’s blood—on my hands.”

  He paused and stared again toward
the cabin. Major Ware and Dr.
Bertrand were approaching arm in
arm. Each swung a heavy cane in
his free hand, and the grayness of
the doctor’s heavy mustache reflected
the major’s grizzly goatee.

  I was satisfied the old cronies knew
that Sheriff Boyd was on board, and
that Rupert was on board, too—cir-
cumstances that did not augur well
for a pleasant voyage. But it was
obvious that they had determined to
ignore the sheriff altogether, for they
veered toward a pair of cane chairs
by the guard rail and did not even so
much as glance in our direction.

  When I looked around again Boyd
was edging away.

  “Where to?” I asked.

  “ The card room.” he shot back at
me in a brisk undertone. “ I think
my men are there."

  I stared after him until he ducked
his head to enter the main cabin door.
As he passed out of sight, Natalie
Ware came tripping down from the
upper deck, her face a wonderful
flush of pink.

  “ What is that man doing on board
this boat?” she demanded of me.

  “ He came aboard to arrest Ru-
pert," T said. “ and I think he’ll do
it. too.”

  “And you patronize him!” she
protested, with feminine lack of logic.
“ You’re not playing fair with us,
Herbert. You know he is our en-
emy.”
BAD BLOOD AND BLUE.

745

  “ In the first place, lie is not vour
enemy,” I replied. “ In the second
place, he is your friend and mine.
Furthermore, the only enemy in the
world Rupert has is himself and the
men he associates with. Isn't Rupert
amenable to the law the same as the
rest of us? ”

  Dangerous ground this, you will
perceive. But I was determined to
have done with beating about the
bush and to speak my mind.

  “ Not to a trumped-up charge, a
frame-up— ”

  “Well, if there’s a frame-up he
has a good case in court and should
stand his trial. At any rate, Jerry is
but an agent of the court. The grand
jury indicted Rupert for poker play-
ing—for being a common gambler.”

  “ Now you’re trying to pick a quar-
rel,” she exclaimed, pouting. More
feminine logic, you will see.

  “Not at all. I’m trying to show
you where Boyd is right and the rest
of 3?ou are wrong. I would— ”

  The provoking creature stopped
her ears with the ends of her fore-
fingers and began waltzing back-
ward. I started toward her in pur-
suit, whereupon she wheeled and ran.

  Just as she flitted by the cabin sky-
lights on the larboard I caught her
around the waist and kissed her.

  It was child’s play, of course, but
we were both rather young and
rather foolish.

  We strolled forward again, hand
in hand. The major and the doctor
had deserted their post by the guard
rail, and as we reached the edge of
the cabin the coarse whistle overhead
signaled for Bodfish Landing, re-
minding me sharply of Boyd’s visit to
the card room.

  I began wondering what had been
the outcome of that visit. There had
been no pistol shots, no unusual noise.
Who had been victor in that quiet
contest of nerve and will power?

  Sheriff Boyd’s position was anom-
alous, whatever the outcome of his
visit to the Nancy Lee.

  If lie permitted Rupert to brow-
beat him from the line of his duty
he was a coward in the eyes of Helen
Ware. If he took Rupert prisoner
by force, he would be considered a
bully, inconsiderate of her feelings.
If he should shoot Rupert in self de-
fense. he would be a murderer.

  Because of this peculiar style of
reasoning, my friend was doomed at
the outset to lose the lady’s favor.

  I knew what Boyd would do. He
would arrest Rupert Ware, even
though Helen should never speak to
him again. Yet he would have to
make quick work of it for Bodfish
Landing was only a mile inside the
county line.

  The cabin door flew open almost
in our faces, and out trotted Boyd
with his prisoners, Rupert and the
two disreputable gamblers, the two
men who were to blame for the boy’s
dissipations.

  The prisoners walked across the
deck abreast, Rupert in the center,
and Boyd followed close at their
heels.

  Behind Boyd came Major Ware,
who was calling 011 high Heaven to
witness that there would be a sequel
to the day’s events.

  I had a feeling of pity for the old
fire-eater. He Avas approaching sev-
enty. I remembered, and growing
more childish every day.

  But it was plain that Helen Ware
neither asked nor received pitv as she
stepped out on deck, her cheeks scar-
let and her eyes flashing, a silent wit-
ness of her brother’s degradation. I
knew her well enough to know that
she would not have interceded with
Boyd at that moment at any price,
not even if she had known that a
word from her would have brought
about the boy’s release.

  A princess of the house of Haps-
burg could not have been more
sulkily proud.

  The sheriff went about his task
with calm precision. I fancied that
he could almost feel the looks that
746

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

were as daggers aimed at his broad

back.

  But if he realized that the Wares
were marking him down in their
books for slaughter, both in love and
in politics, nothing in his manner in-
dicated that he cared very much one
way or the other, and I admired his
firmness in that.

  The lx>at was within fifty yards of
the shore by this time, circling down
slowly, like a swooping hawk, on the
half submerged barge that was used
for a landing.

  Boyd marched his men down the
boiler-deck stairs, ignoring the black
looks and muttered imprecations be-
hind him—not the least being those
of old Dr. Bertrand—and lined his
men on the port, freight deck.

  None of us followed the quartet
downstairs. We stood in a row by
the guard rail on the upper deck and
looked on without a word.

  I kept my eyes on Rupert Ware,
for I knew that the sulky youth’s
spirit of resistance was not broken
completely. As the boat neared the
landing barge I saw Rupert creeping
nearer to the edge of the deck, and
T began to wonder if already he had
conceived some plan of escape.

  He had sworn that Jerry Boyd
would never take him prisoner, and
nothing would be too bold for him to
attempt.

  He had planned a means of escape,
for when the engines stopped and the
boat continued plowing the water bv
the force of its own momentum. I
could see Rupert measuring the dis-
tance that separated him from the
landing barge.

  When not more than six feet of
turbid water lay between the two
hulls, he crouched to half his height
and leaped into the air across the in-
tervening .space.

  By less than six inches ho fell short
of the mark. As his feet went down
into the water he reached out with
both hands and grasped the edge of
the landing barge.

  The river beneath him was ten feet

deep—and the boy could not swim a
stroke! But more to be dreaded
than that, all of us realized that when
the hulls crashed together Rupert
would Ije ground into a shapeless
mass.

  There was one chance—a slim one.
If the pilot overhead had seen the
lad’s attempt to escape, and had time,
lie might port his helm and keep the
crafts apart.

  That chance went by m a flash.
High above the scene on the freight
deck the pilot had observed Rupert's
predicament and was spinning his
wheel with all his might—uselessly.

  Nothing but a miracle could pre-
vent the boat, with the momentum it
had gained, from crashing ,into the
barge!

  We, who stood on the boiler deck,
were helpless. I shot a swift glance
down the rail, and for many a day
I shall remember the picture I saw.

  Major Ware stood with one hand
on the guard rail, the other clutching
his half-raised cane, his mouth open,
his breath coming in short, quick
gasps. Helen Ware, still in an atti-
tude of stiff disdain, stood with
blanched cheeks.

  Natalie’s actions were quicker.
She had sunk into a chair and cov-
ered her face with her hands to shut
out the horrible sight we expected to
see.

  Sheriff Boyd alone retained a per-
fect presence of mind. Rupert him-
self was paralyzed with fear, other-
wise he might have saved himself by
putting forth a superhuman effort
and scrambling on board the barge.

  This was his one chance, but his
mind was too slow of action to
seize it.

  The current swept the boat toward
the barge with incredible swiftness.
The ribbon of murky water between
the two hulls narrowed.

  Five feet—four feet—three feet!

   “ Brother! ”

  The word leaped in a shrill appeal
BAD BLOOD AND BLUE.

747

from Helen's white lips—an appeal
to Rupert not to suffer himself to be
crushed to death. It might have
been considered an appeal to Boyd
too, for the sheriff instantly flung
himself headlong from the deck.

  I held my breath in anxious sus-
pense. Would there be two deaths in-
stead of one—two men crushed be-
tween the timbers?

  Boyd seized Rupert around the
waist, but Rupert clung to the barge
in a frenzy of fear. A foolish no-
tion seemed to have possessed him
that safety lay in holding on, but the
sheriff’s weight tore his fingers loose
one by one.

  Rupert’s head and the sheriff’s feet
went out of sight at the same mo-
ment. The next instant the heavy
timbers of the water-soaked hulls
came together in a shock that caused
the Nancy Lee to quiver like a leaf
in the wind.

  The boat was headed up-stream,
but it drifted slowly with the current.
The water above the submerged men
was covered by the two dark hulls.

  All the boat's officers could do was
to let the Nancy Lee drift.

  We floated three feet or more away
from the barge, all of us with our
eyes glued to the place where the men
wrent down. It did not occur to us,
so panic-stricken were we, that they
might come to the surface elsewhere.

  Twenty feet forward of the boat
two heads bobbed up as one, and

Boyd began spouting water and air
spasmodically from his mouth and
nose. Breathless, almost lifeless, he
was barely able to keep his half
strangled prisoner afloat.

  But as they drifted down-stream,
the roustabouts ran forward, at a sig-
nal from the captain, and hoisted
them on deck, where they lay panting
on a pile of cordage.

  Twenty minutes later the captain
bustled forward.

  “ Well, what are you going to do? ”
he shouted at our group. " I can’t
be kept waiting here all day.”

  Old Dr. Bertrand primed himself
at once for a farew'ell speech.

  “ Sir," he said, addressing Boyd,
“ I am happy to say that you have
proved your mettle. I am told your
grandfather was a hero of the Mexi-
can War: and as I have always said,
sir, blood will tell— "

    Thank you very kindly, doctor,”
Boyd said, laughing, and cutting short
the threatened speech. “ And now
we must be going—”

  He motioned for his prisoners to
go * ashore. The)' went along as
obediently as lambs, and Boyd turned
to shake hands with us one by one.

  Last in line stood Helen Ware,
blushing and smiling—far from de-
fiant.

  “ Good-by—God bless you ! ” was
her fervent prayer. “ I’ll write when
I get to New Orleans 1”

v ' rr	tr

THE COLLEGE FURNACE

BY N. PARKER JONES

     THE freshman arrived in September afire
     With plans to improve and develop his brain;
     Soon followed by equally ardent desire
     For honors athletic, his muscles to train.

      Dramatics then fired him with thoughts ot his looks,
        And tennis and golf warmed his heart, but alas!

     So cool grew his ardor ere long toward his books
        That in June he was fired for the good of his class!
o\irse o

I i Ui\c\MvkI.soi\

T was after Miss Henrietta
Tripp quit boarding and be-
gan to keep house that she
acquired the habit of asking
her nieces to visit her. This,
they strongly suspected, was
because Miss Henrietta
could neither cook herself nor keep a
maid beyond her first pay-day.

   Miss Henrietta was a forceful per-
son of an exacting nature, and even
the nieces found it necessary to come
in relays, three months for each.

  Eileen's turn came just before
Thanksgiving. The family, en masse,
went with her to the station and saw
her depart, with many misgivings.

  For Eileen was a gentle incompe-
tent person, not at all like her bustling,
capable sisters, and they were firmly
of the opinion that while Eileen might
be able to stand Miss Henrietta, yet
Miss Henrietta could not possibly
stand Eileen.

   The day after Eileen’s arrival Miss
Henrietta, according to her usual cus-
tom, handed her a roll of bills.

    1 hat’s the housekeeping money
for three months/’ she said. " You
will do all the ordering and pay all the
bills. 1 dislike petty housekeeping de-
tails. and do not wish to be bothered
^with them.”

   She left the gasping Eileen standing
in the middle of the kitchen floor and

went out to feed the dozen chickens
that she insisted upon keeping to her
own inconvenience and the exaspera-
tion of her neighbors, who objected to
being wakened before daylight by the
noisy crowing of a rooster.

  Eileen, mechanically clutching the
money and dazedly repeating " House-
keeping money for three months,” had
not moved when a shrill scream from
the back yard jarred her into action.

  She ran out to find that Miss Hen-
rietta had slipped on a bit of ice
treacherously concealed under the
newly fallen snow and lay in a crum-
pled heap with one leg twisted under
her. She groaned with pain when
Eileen attempted to help her to her
feet.

  " Go next door,” she said. “ and get
some one to help carry me in. I’ve
broken something, I guess.'”

  Miss Henrietta’s surmise proved to
be entirely correct, the “something”
being her hip.

  14 You'll be laid up for three
months.” the doctor told her—and said
something about a hospital.

  But Miss Henrietta very decidedly
negatived the suggestion.

  “ Your bill,” she snapped at the doc-
tor, " will probably he all 77/ want to
pay. I’ll stay where I am. And you
nceden’t bring any nurse here either.
My niece wilj look after me.”

748
A COURSE OF SPROUTS.

749

  The doctor turned a doubtful eye in
Eileen’s direction, but he knew Miss
Henrietta and recognized the useless-
ness of attempting to argue with her.
So he put her in a plaster cast, gave
Eileen the necessary instructions for
her care, and went away.

  It was the next morning that Eileen,
tidying her aunt’s room, put a hesita-
ting question.

  “ The money that you gave me yes-
terday,” she said, “ is it to pay for
everything for three months?”

  “ Yes,” said Miss Henrietta very
firmly.

  Eileen sighed.

  “ I don’t see,” she said, “ how it can
possibly be made to do that.”

  “ It's what I gave Rose and Marga-
ret and Barbara when they were here.”
Miss Henrietta told her. “ xA.nd it’s
plenty/’

  Eileen would have attempted a fur-
ther protest, but she dared not, for
Miss Henrietta, it was plain to see,
was rapidly growing belligerent; and
the doctor had said that above all
things she must be kept quiet and
un worried.

  Eileen carried her aunt’s breakfast-
tray down-stairs and began thought-
fully to wash the dishes.

  “ I suppose,” she told herself mourn-
fully, “ it’s just as they’ve always said
at home—I’m not capable like the
other girls, and can’t do things the way
they can. But how they ever managed
to keep house for three months on that
little bit of money 1 do not see.”

  She wiped a plate and set it on the
table, and her soft mouth set suddenly
in a firm straight line.

  “If they did it,” she said, “ so can

I.	I can and I will. I’ll show Aunt
Henrietta! ”

  The little bell she had left with Miss
Henrietta to summon her if she was
wanted rang decidedly and she went
back up-stairs.

  “ Eileen,” directed her aunt, “ don't
forget to feed the chickens. Give them
the breakfast scraps and—”

  “ There aren’t any scraps,” Eileen

objected promptly. “ I knew what
you wanted to eat and I knew what I
wanted to eat, and I cooked just that.
There was nothing left.”

  “ Then feed them out of the bag of
chicken-feed that’s on the back porch,”
said Miss Henrietta. “ No scraps,”
she was thinking after Eileen went
out. “ Rose and Margaret and Bar-
bara always had scraps.” Then she
laughed. “ Eileen has more sense than
they think,” she said.

  Eileen let the chickens out of their
tight little house and watched them eat
the grain she scattered for them.

  They were a hungry lot, and it was
plain that what was left of the bag of
corn would not last long. Eileen eyed
them speculatively.

  “ They’d make a lot of broth,” she
decided. The doctor had ordered
broth for Miss Henrietta.

  Three days later, Miss Henrietta,
dining with difficulty because she had
not yet accustomed herself to taking
her food while in a recumbent position,
remarked casually that she had not
heard the rooster crowing that morn-
ing.

   Eileen flushed guiltily. '

  “ He—he froze his feet," she ex-
plained after a moment’s hesitation.

  “ I was not aware,” said Miss Hen-
rietta dryly, “ that he crowed with his
feet.”

  “ I couldn’t do anything for his
feet.” said Eileen nervously, “ and so
I—that is—”

  She paused, her eyes fastened on
Miss Henrietta’s soup bowl.

  Miss Henrietta followed the direc-
tion of her niece’s glance. “ Oh ! ”
she said. And took another spoonful
of soup. “Well.” she pronounced.
“ he made good soup at any rate. I
suppose,” she went on probingly,
“ none of the others show signs of
frozen feet?"

  Eileen quaked.

  All her life she had followed the
path of least resistance, letting other
people choose her opinions for her just
as they did her clothes. She had never
750

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

thought for herselfbecau.se no one had
ever expected her to. and it had not
been necessary. Now she had been
suddenly forced out of her accustomed
groove and no one could possibly un-
derstand how terrified she was.

  “ That big Plymouth Rock hen,”
she said in a voice that shook in spite
of her effort to control it, “ seems to
—to be limping a little.”

  The Plymouth Rock had been select-
ed by Eileen fur the next victim be-
cause she had the largest appetite.

  “ It’s very strange about their feet,”
said Miss Henrietta. “They went
through all last winter without any-
thing happening to them, and—”

  “ If you want to see their feet—”
flashed Eileen almost too quickly.

  “ I’ve already told you,” Miss Hen-
rietta came back also with suspicious
readiness, “ that I do not wish to be
bothered with tiresome details. Of
course, I understand you’ll do the best
you can with the chickens; but if any
more of them do freeze their feet, why
it’s better to make soup out of them
than to let them go about suffering."

  She tilted her bowl and took the last
spoonful. “ You make very good
soup,” she complimented. “ Who
taught you ? ”

  “ No one,” said Eileen. “ I never
made soup until I came here. At
home mother makes it. or Barbara.
But I know how it ought to taste when
it's done, and if yon know how a thing
ought to be when it’s finished, all you
have to do is to keep at it until it is
that way.”

  “Humph!” said Miss Henrietta.
“ You never got that recipe out of a
book?”

  “No,” said Eileen seriously; “out
of my head.”

II.

  A month later Mrs. Carrington
Keith came.

  Mrs. Keith was Eileen’s married sis-
ter. She was a large lady crosswise
with an earnest manner and a tendency
toward minding other people’s busi-

ness. She had been away at the time
of Miss Henrietta’s accident, and she
was profuse in her regrets and apolo-
gies.

  “ And, of course.” she wound up,
“ now that I am back, I shall take
charge here, dear Aunt Henrietta, and
sec that you have every care and at-
tention.”

  “ It isn't necessary." said Miss Hen-
rietta with sharp promptness. “ Eileen
is giving me all the care and attention
I require.”

  “ But Eileen is so young,” objected
Mrs. Keith, “and, therefore, not very
capable. I am sure, dear Aunt Hen-
rietta—”

  “ And you needn't." wrent on the un-
moved Miss Henrietta with a glance
at the glass jar and the covered bowl
Mrs. Keith had placed on the table be-
side the bed, “ bring me anything more
to eat. I have money of my own to
buy the raw material, and the way
Eileen cooks it suits me very well.”

  Mrs. Keith gasped. She had not
supposed that Eileen could cook. She
made a few more suggestions, all of
which were promptly set aside by Miss
Henrietta, and finally she took her re-
luctant leave.

  But two da}-s later she came back.
She stopped in the living-room below
stairs, sat down heavily, and folded
her hands over her hand-bag.

  “ It has come to me,” she said to
Eileen, “ from a source that I cannot
but consider entirely reliable that you
are not getting on very well.”

  A cold chill wavered up Eileen’s
spine. She was in a hard position,
and nothing she was doing, she very
well knew, would meet with her
sister's approval, did she know” of it.
And Hortense was such a difficult
person to combat! But Eileen faced
her defiantly.

  “ I don't know what you mean,”
she said shortly.

  “ Eileen," Mrs. Keith said impres-
sively, “ I know that your gas has been
turned off/’

  “ Well," said Eileen, “ and what if
A COURSE OF SPROUTS.

751

it has? There’s no sense in having it
on when it’s not needed."

   “ But it is needed,” insisted Mrs.
Keith. “ The gas-range—”

  “ I prefer to cook on the water
heater,” said Eileen. “ That’s run by
coal.”

  “But your lights?” insisted Mrs.
Keith.

  “ Aunt Henrietta always uses a
lamp in her room anyway.” said
Eileen. “ She likes it better than gas
light.”

  “But the rest of the house?”

  “Do you suppose?” said Eileen,
“ we have only one lamp ? ”

  “We were told,” said Mrs. Keith,
“ that the gas was turned off because
Aunt Henrietta could not pay her bill.
So I have come to offer help.”

   Eileen's face flushed.

  “ We do not need help,” she said.
“ Aunt Henrietta can pay that bill, and
she will—when she gets good and
ready.”

   Mrs. Keith got to her feet.

   “ I think.” she said, “ I shall have
to see Aunt Henrietta about the mat-
ter.”

  She went into the hall, but Eileen
was quicker than she and at the loot
of the stairs barred the way.

   “ The doctor,” she stated positively.
 “ has said that Aunt Henrietta must
 not be worried. It makes her temper-
 ature rise. You can't see her to-day,
 Hortense, and I think you’d better go
 home.”

  Mrs. Keith tried argument and ex-
postulation, but finding both alike use-
less she finally went. Eileen carefully
locked the door after her and went up-
stairs to her aunt.

   “ I thought,” Miss Henrietta greet-
ed her, “ I heard Hortense’s voice in
the hall.”

   “ Probably you did.” Eileen admit-
ted, “ and mine, too,” she added.

  “ What were you doing? ” demand-
ed Miss Henrietta.

  “ Putting her out." said Eileen.

“ She was butting in."

  “Humph!” said Miss Henrietta.

“ She wouldn't be Plortense if she was
not doing that. Can you keep her
out?”

  “\es,” said Eileen determinedly,
“lean.”

   Miss Plenrietta chuckled.

   “ Then do it.” she said.

   That night Eileen, returning just at
dusk from the grocery store on the
corner, saw a man and a woman get-
ting out of an auto that had been
stopped before her aunt’s house.

  Recognizing them, she was devout-
ly thankful that the front door was
securely locked on the inside and that
the back door key was safe in her coat-
pocket. She intercepted them at the
front of the porch steps.

  “Well, what do you want non'?”
was her chilly greeting.

   “ W e want to come inside, for one
thing," Mrs. Keith told her.

   “ Well, you can't," Eileen said de-
cidedly. “If you have anything to
say to me I'll listen to it right here."

  To let them in would have been to
reveal the fact that there really was
only one lamp in the house. Miss
Henrietta had that one.

   Eileen for the most part went about
in the dark. But she had a carefully
hoarded end of tallow candle that
could be pressed into service when
absolutely required. She did not, how-
ever. propose to waste it on Mr. and
Mrs. Carrington Keith.

   They looked at her somberly.

  “ We want,” they said in unison,
“ to help you.”

   “ I’ve already told you." said the
harassed Eileen, “ that I don’t want
any help.”

   “ That’s just your pride," said her
sister. “ I’m sure you need help."

  “ If my gas had been turned off."
said Mr. Carrington Keith. “ I’d think
I wanted help. We have decided.
Eileen, lo pay Aunt Henrietta’s gas
bill.”

   “ If you’re bound to pay it.” flared
Eileen, “ I suppose I can’t stop you.
But I can tell you one thing—I won’t
let them in to turn on the gas again.”
752

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Of course/’ conceded Mr. Keith,

  if you won’t use the gas there’d be

no sense in my paying the bill. But I
think, Eileen, we are entitled to an
explanation. For either Aunt Hen-
rietta is short of money and cannot
pay the bill, or she can pay and won't.
And it is not honest to refuse to pay
your bills when they are due," he
stated virtuously.

  “ Aunt Henrietta," affirmed Eileen,
“ has just as much money as ever she
had and she’s just as honest as you
are.

    But our gas bill,” she announced
defiantly, “ is our own affair and
you’ve no right to come asking ques-
tions about it. And I’ve no time to
stand here any longer talking to you,”
she ended.

  She crossed the snowy yard, but at
the corner of the house she turned.

    It's not a matter of pride with
me,” she flung at them. “ It’s one of
decent self-respect. And you needn’t
come back again, for if you do I won’t
let you in.”

  She disappeared round the house
and they heard the slam of the back
door as it closed after her.

   I suppose." said Mrs. Keith to
her husband, “ there's no use in fol-
lowing her?”

  “ Xone whatever I should say,” he
told her. “ We’ve done all we could.”
And he piloted his wife to their wait-
ing car and helped her in.

  Eileen heard them drive off.

  Then her overstrained nerves gave
way and she began to cry. Her eyes
were still red when a little later she
carried Miss Henrietta’s dinner tray
up-stairs.

  “ You’ve been crying,” her sharp-
eyed aunt accused her. “ What’s the
matter? ”

  “ Hortense brought Carrington
here,” Eileen explained. “ And 1 told
them if they came back again I
wouldn’t let them in.”

“Humph!” said Miss Henrietta.
“ And now you’re sorry you did it? ”
” No,” said Eileen with a gulp.

*' But it makes me mad to think of
all the other things I might have said
and didn’t.”

Ill

  The next morning the gas collector

called for the second time. On the
occasion of his first visit Eileen nerv-
ously, almost tearfully, apologetic be-
cause of her inability to pay, had fair-
ly cringed before him.

Now her attitude had changed.

  “ That old gas company,” she
stated distinctly, “ made more than a
million dollars net last year. I know
because I read it in the paper. If
they have all that money they can get
along without the little we owe them
a whole lot better than I can get along
without the gas.

  “ I’m turning black and blue from
hitting myself against the furniture in
the dark; and I have to do all the
cooking on the water heater, and it
never in this world was built for a
cook stove.”

  She paused a moment for breath
then hurried on.

  " We’re not ready to pay yet,” she
said, “ and I don't know when we will
be. But when we are we’ll pay at
the office. There’s no use at all in
your coming here; you're just wast-
ing your time.”

  Eileen was angry because in the
gas collector she recognized the “ re-
liable source ” from whom the Keiths
had learned of Miss Henrietta’s
turned-off gas and unpaid gas bill.

  By the simple expedient of muf-
fling the door-bell every evening
Eileen had managed to keep people
out after dark, and no one, not even
Miss Henrietta, knew that the gas had
been turned off.

  But the gas collector knew, and
Eileen remembered that Hortense had
once said with a laugh that she knew
which of her friends kept their gas
bills paid up and which didn’t, for
Carrington’s friend, the gas collector,
told them.

  Circumstantial evidence was all
A COURSE OF SPROUTS.

763

against the gas collector, and Eileen
having finished her defiant speech
stood glaring at him and waited to
see what he had to say.

  But he merely remarked mildly
that it sometimes did happen that peo-
ple could not pay their bills arid* he
guessed the gas company would have
to wait for this one. Then he grinned,
remembering Eileen’s statement con-
cerning the net earnings of the gas
company.

  “ I guess you’re right,” he said,
“ it won't break 'em to wait." And
he mounted his wheel and rode off.

  At their first meeting the gas col-
lector had given considerable more
thought to the bill he was trying to
collect than he had tQ Eileen. Now
he remembered her snapping eyes and
flushed cheeks.

  “Gee!” he said to himself, “I
didn’t think she had it in her. I like
’em spunky like that.”

  The next week when he called he
began to talk almost before Eileen
had fairly got the door open.

  “ I’m sorry to keep coming here
and bothering you like this,” he apol-
ogized, “ but they keep pretty close
track of the unpaid bills at the office,
and they expect me to report on them
about every so often.

  “ I’m a new broom,” he explained
with a laugh. “ and I have to sweep
clean or lose my job. Maybe wThen
I’ve worked for ’em longer— ”

  “ Oh.” interrupted Eileen. “ aren’t
you the collector they’ve had for the
last two years?”

  He shook his head.

  “No,” he told her; “that man
blatted about who paid their bills and
who did not, and they found it out
and fired him. I’ve only had this job
two weeks. This was the first place
they sent me to.”

  Eileen stared at him, her mind
working rapidly.

  Just as she had thought, the gas
collector had told Carrington. But it
was not this collector; and she had
misjudged him and been rude to him.

She began to cast about for a way
of making amends.

  Her eye fell on his wheel leaning
against the curb.

  “ Isn’t it.” she ventured. “ rather
cold going about on a wheel in the
winter? ”

  “ Sometimes it is,” he admitted.
“ But,” lie added with his ready laugh,
“ the gas company doesn't provide its
collector with an auto.”

  “ Perhaps,” suggested Eileen shyly.
“ you’d like to- come in long enough
to get warm.”

  The gas collector would and did.
He followed Eileen to the kitchen, for
that, she explained, was the most com-
fortable room, and he pulled off his
thick gloves and stood beside the
water-heater warming his hands.

  “ So yon cook on this? ” he said.

  “ In it,” Eileen corrected. “ You
see.” she explained. “ the top of it is
so far above the fire that you can’t
possibly get it hot enough to cook any-
thing. So what I want to cook I put
in a small covered bucket and hang it
on a poker inside the water-heater.”
“ Gee! ” said the gas collector.
“ How’d you ever happen to think of
that?”

  “ I had to think of something.” said
Eileen, “ for. of course, we couldn’t
stop eating just because the gas was
turned off and I couldn’t go on cook-
ing on the gas range. When you
have to think of things,” she added.
“ you can.”

  “ Well,” admitted the gas collector.
“ I never thought of it in just that
way. but I suppose you’re right.”

  He stood for a moment in silence,
eying Eileen reflectively. Then:

  “ If you think I’m being nosy.” he
burst out. “you can say so and shut
me up. but I wish you’d put me on to
the combination—tell me what sort of
a circus in three rings you’re running,
anyway. They told me at the office
that I ought to have no trouble at all
in collecting this bill; the old lady had
loads of money, they said. But that
doesn’t somehow jibe with cooking in-
754

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

side a water-heater. I can't figure it

out”

  “ No one could.” said Eileen.
“ That’s why I can’t let any one know."
She sighed. “ Do you know how much
things ought to cost?” she questioned
abruptly.

“ That depends,” said the gas col-
lector. “ Some I do and some I don't.”

  “ I mean,” said Eileen, “ things to
eat. and coal aud—”

  “ Oh. living expenses! ” the gas col-
lector helped her out. “ Well, I pay
six dollars a week for my room and
board. It’s not the best board, and the
room—”

  u I don’t mean quite that.” Eileen
interrupted. " I mean things before
they’re cooked and coal by the ton
and— W hat I want to know,” she
added desperately, “ is how much
money two people really ought to have
to live on for three months.

  “ You see, my sisters have been com-
ing to stay with Aunt Henrietta, turn
about, three months for each of them.
Then I came, and she gave me the
housekeeping money for three months.

  “ She said it was just what she had
given each of the others, and every-
thing must be paid out of it. But it
didn't seem enough to me, and I tried
to tell her so, but that was after her
accident; and talking about it made
her temperature rise, and the doctor
had said she must not be worried; so
I had to give it up and make the money
do. whether it was enough or not.”

  The gas collector looked deeply in-
terested.

  “ How much did she give you ? ” he
questioned in a businesslike way.

  Eileen told him.

  “Gee,” he said, “and then some!
I’d say that was scarcely enough to
buy even the plainest food for two peo-
ple for three months.”

  A relieved look came over Eileen’s
face.

  " That was what T thought.” she
said. “ And that’s why 1 didn’t pay
the gas bill. I thought I needed the
money for food.”

  “ Well, I guess you did, all right,”
the gas collector conceded. “ Why
don’t you,” he suggested, “ speak to
your aunt about it again? There must

be a mistake somewhere.”

  Eileen shook her head.

    I'm afraid there’s no mistake,” she
said. “ Aunt Henrietta surely knows
what she gave to the girls and what
they bought with it. It's just, I sup-
pose, that I’m not capable like they are
and don't know how to manage. But
I'll do the best I can, and that’s all I
can do. I can feed us. but I can’t pay
gas bills."

  “What do you have to eat?" de-
manded the gas collector sharply.

  “ Aunt Henrietta—" Eileen was be-
ginning, but he cut her short.

  “ I didn’t ask about her/’ he said.
“You don’t need to tell me that you
somehow squeeze out every last thing
she wants or thinks she wants. I want
to know what you have? ”

  Eileen flushed.

  “ Mostly cabbage and potatoes,”
she reluctantly confessed. “ They’re
cheaper than anything else.”

  “ I hate ’em both! ” the gas collector
exploded viciously.

  He pulled on his gloves with a jerk
and took an abrupt departure. Eileen,
wondering at his sudden change of
manner, hoped she had not offended
him.

  In half an hour he was back. He
came to the back door, and he strode
in and placed on the kitchen table a
large, bulky paper sack.

  “Look here!” he said. “I hope
you won’t think I’m being fresh, but
the etiquette books all say a gentleman
may present a lady with fruit and
candy if he wants to. I know you’re
a lady, and I hope I’m a gentleman,
and I’ve stayed within the limits, and
I thought—that is, I hoped—well, you
know cabbage and potatoes all the
time—”

  Eileen pulled the sack toward her
and slipped off the string.

  “ I’d be sorry to think.” she said,
“ that 1 couldn’t understand and ap-
A COURSE OF SPROUTS.

755

preciate real kindness when it's shown
me. And those apples and oranges
and bananas look better to me than
anything I ever saw. Thank you so
much."

  The gas collector beamed with pleas-
ure at her receipt of his gift and took
an oblong box from his pocket.

  “ I was forgetting the candy," he
said.

  Eileen put out her hand and took the
box from him.

  “ But it’s sixty-cent candy,” she re-
proached him.

   “ Sure it is," he said. “ All the girls
I know think a fellow a cheap skate if
he pays less than that for candy.”

  “ It’s too much,” said Eileen decided-
ly. “ There’s twenty-five-cent candy
in this town that’s good enough for
any girl; and forty cents is always
enough to pay.”

  The gas collector stared. Then he
recovered with a jerk.

  “ Say," he said with startling frank-
ness, “ you’re my kind, all right. I’d
like to get better acquainted with you.
What do you do evenings? ”

  Eileen giggled.

  “ Muffle the door-bell,” she told him,
“so no one can get in and find I have
no light.”

  “ But if I came to the back door,”
the gas collector insisted, “ and brought
a tailow candle with me? ”

  “ Tallow candles,” said Eileen de-
murely, “ are three for a nickel, and
three will last a whole evening.”

IV.

  “ Aunt Henrietta,” said Eileen,
“ my three months will not be up for
another week; but to-morrow you're
coming down-stairs, and you'll find
there’s a bill to be paid. It seemed bet-
ter to tell you to-night.”

  Miss Henrietta looked at her sharply.

  “ Only one? ” she said.

  “ Yes,” said Eileen. “ The gas bill,”
she explained. “ And we ought to or-
der coal.”

  “ Then order it,” instructed Miss

Henrietta, “ and pay for it. Pay the
gas bill, too. 1 gave you housekeeping
money for three months,” she re-
minded.

   “ \es,” said Eileen slowly, “ I know
you did; but in no way, shape, or man-
ner could I make it enough to meet all
the expenses. I can buy us food for
the one remaining week, but I cannot
pay the gas bill or get coal.”

  “ Um," said Miss Henrietta. Then
•she began to laugh. “ I’m not really
surprised that you can’t,” she said.
“ Eileen, I suppose you’re not aware
that you’ve been keeping house on one-
tenth the money Rose and Margaret
and Barbara had? ”

   Eileen stared at her.
te One-tenth the money they had ! ”
she gasped. “ But I thought—you
know you said—”

  “Yes," Miss Henrietta cut in, “I
know I did, and I thought I was tell-
ing tfie truth; but. Eileen, I made a
mistake. There were two rolls of bills
in my money-box, one of them tens and
the other ones.

  “ I meant to give you the tens, but
I gave you the ones, and never knew
it until this morning, when I looked in
my box for the first time since I broke
my hip. Why, child, what’s the mat-
ter? ”

  For Eileen had turned suddenly and,
burying her face in the curve of her
arm. was sobbing violently.

  Miss Henrietta readied across and
patted her niece's shoulder.

  “ Why, there—” she said in a voice
curiously unlike her usually sharp one.

   Eileen lifted her head and achieved
a watery smile.

   “ I guess it's nerves,” she said. “ I
wasn't expecting such a let-up. Some
of it's been pretty awful. Aunt Hen-
rietta.”

   “All of it, I should say." corrected
her aunt grimly. “ Child, how did you
do it, and why? ”

   “ I began.” said Eileen. “ because I
thought I had to, but I kept on. Aunt
Henrietta, because I wanted to.”

  Her aunt nodded thoughtfully.
756

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ I always thought, Eileen.” she
said. “ that there was good stuff in you,
but something out of the ordinary was
required to bring it out. And how did
you do it ? ”

  “ I could buy us food,” said Eileen.
“ but nothing else. That gas bill that
we owe is the first one they sent in.”

   She smiled a little.

   “ It’s also the last.’’ she said, “ for I
couldn’t pay it, and they turned off the
gas.”

  ‘‘I never suspected it,” said Miss
Henrietta.

  “ No,” said Eileen. “ You had your
lamp, so of course you wouldn't
know.”

  “ But you had light of some sort? ”
insisted Miss Henrietta.

  " Just a tallow candle,” said Eileen.

  But I only lighted that when I was
fixing your tray and had to see.”

  “ But you were always afraid of the
dark,” objected Miss Henrietta.

  “Yes.” said Eileen; "I thought J
couldn't even sleep without a light.”

  She clasped her hands about her
knees and gazed reflectively into the
glowing coals of Miss Henrietta's open
fire.

  “ I’m not afraid now.” she said.
“ And I guess when you are afraid of
a thing, the only way to get over it is
to keep going up against it until you're
not afraid any more.”

  £‘ Most of us haven’t the nerve to do
that.” said Miss Henrietta.

  “ But if you have to,” said Eileen.
“ you can. It was because of the gas
being turned off,” she went on. ” that
I had to fight Hortense. She found it
out and was determined to interfere.

  “ Of course,” she conceded, “ it was
all right for her to ask if I needed help
—I’m sure she meant to be kind—but
when I said * No,’ she should have
stopped there, but she wouldn’t. So,”
she ended simply, “ I made her stay
out.”

  “Why wouldn’t you let her help?”
demanded Miss Henrietta abruptly.

  “ Hortense doesn’t help” said Ei-
leen. “ She insists always on running

things her way, and her way is not my

way. It was my job.

  “ You’d given me what you said was
three months' housekeeping money and
told me what you expected of me.
That made me responsible. But be-
cause you were hurt and helpless, and
could not see to anything yourself, I
was doubly responsible. So 1 just did
the best I could.”

  “ 1 think.” said Miss Henrietta, “ no
one could have done better.”

  Praise from Miss Henrietta was so
rare that it was praise indeed. Eileen
flushed with surprise and pleasure.

  “ At first,” she went on, glad to talk
it all over with Miss Henrietta. “ I was
angry that Hortense had found out
about the gas. Then I began to see it
really didn’t matter, for if I hadn't
fought her about the gas I'd have had
to about the fires.

  “ She said the first time she was here
that I wasn’t keeping the house warm
enough. And of course,” Eileen cheer-
fully admitted, “ I wasn’t, for I wasn’t
running the furnace at all — just the
water-heater in the kitchen and your
grate up here.”

  “ I never knew,” said Miss Hen-
rietta. “ But surely you bought some
coal, Eileen? ”

  Eileen shook her head.

  “ Why, I couldn'tshe said. “ But
there was already a great deal in the
cellar, and I used it as carefully as I
could. Then when I saw it wasn't
going to last through. I kept it for just
stormy days and other days I—”

  She stopped flushing.

  “ You what? ” questioned her aunt.
“ Go on, Eileen.”

  “ I said more than I meant to.” said
Eileen. “ I hadn’t intended to tell.
But. if you want to know, I picked up
coal in the alleys.”

  “ You—” began Miss Henrietta,
and stopped, for words failed her.

  “ You wouldn't think any one would
get much that way." said Eileen. “ but
you can. It’s spilt when they’re shov-
eling it from the wagons into the coal-
houses and down coal-chutes, and lots
A COURSE OE SPROUTS.

757

of people just let it lie and never trou-
ble to pick it up. I guess, Aunt Hen-
rietta, there’s more waste in the world
than any one imagines.”

  “ Yes,” Miss Henrietta agreed ab-
sently, “ I suppose there is.”

  But it was not of that she was think-
ing. Rather she was wondering of
what stern stuff was this girl made
that she had done a thing like that.
She had not been actuated by the in-
stinct for self-preservation.

  That would have sent her hurrying
to the nearest coal-dealer where Miss
Henrietta’s name would easily enough
have secured her credit.

  Rather was there in her something .
better and higher and nobler—that
something that causes men—and wom-
en, too—to die for a principle or at the
post of duty, and lifts them nearer
God.

  “ I don’t know,” said Miss Henri-
etta slowly, “ if any one of your sis-
ters could have done what you have,
but I do know that not one of them
would”

  “ But I had to,” said Eileen.

  Miss Henrietta looked at her and a
slow twinkle dawned in her eye.

  “ You’ve done your part, that’s cer-
tain,” she said. “ Now I'll begin to do
mine. Bring me a pencil and a piece
of paper, I want to figure what your
wages will amount to.”

  “My wages!” gasped Eileen. “I
did not know I was to have any.”

  “ Your sisters had,” said Miss Hen-
rietta. “ The housekeeping allowance
I made them was no miserly one, and
I told them that from it I expected
nothing beyond a fairly good table and
the payment of such necessary bills as
came in. Whatever they could save
they could keep. And, since a dollar
saved is two dollars earned, at the end
of her three months I doubled for each
girl what she had saved.”

  “ But—” objected Eileen.

  “ Not so fast,” warned Miss Hen-
rietta. “ A cipher remains always a
cipher whether you multiply it by two
or by twenty-two. But though they

saved nothing, Eileen, yet they had
their wages.

  “ That they preferred chocolates
and matinee-tickets and a new hat or
gown rather than a sum of money
saved was their affair and not mine.
Their wages I figured in my head, but
yours I cannot.

  “If Barbara had been with me when
I broke my hip I'd have gone to the
hospital, for flat on my back I could
never have stood Barbara. So I con-
sider that you saved me hospital ex-
penses.

  “ Had Margaret been here I’d have
stayed at home with a trained nurse to
look after me. So, you've saved me
what I would have paid a nurse. Rose
could have cared for me, and she
would; but she’d have had in a woman
to do the housework. You’ve saved
me her wages. And as you spent only
one-tenth of the money allowed for
household expenses, the other nine-
tenths you saved.”

  As she talked. Miss Henrietta had
set down figures. Now she added
them up, and Eileen, looking over her
shoulder, gave a gasp of wonder.

  “ It’s a thousand dollars! ” she said
in an awed voice.

  “ Two thousand." corrected Miss
Henrietta. “ For each dollar of that
thousand is a dollar saved, and a dol-
lar saved is tzi'o dollars earned/*

  “ But—” expostulated the amazed
Eileen.

  “ Some people," said Miss Henri-
etta crisply, “ leave their money for
their relatives to fight over after
they’re dead. I prefer to see mine
earned and pay it while I'm still here.
Bring me my check-book, child. It’s
in my money-box."

  Eileen stood by silently watching
her aunt fill in the check. She went
from red to white and back to red
again when the slip of paper was put
in her hand.

  “ There aren't words to thank you,”
she said earnestly.

  For that money meant more to her
than her aunt guessed or imagined.
758

ALL-STORY WEEKLY

And zvhy it meant so much was as yet
a secret between Eileen and the im-
provident gas-collector who could have
saved his money but hadn't until he
met Eileen, and so now had enough to
furnish a house or even a little flat;
though he could, he earnestly assured
Eileen, support a wife if the wife were
herself and he had a place to put her.

  Miss Henrietta put her check-book
back in the money-box and took out a
roll of bills.

  “ Eileen.” she said, “ this is the
housekeeping money I meant to give
you and didn’t. Will you take it now
and stay on for another three
months? ”

  The girl’s sensitive face quivered
and flushed.

  “ Oh.” she cried. “ I’ll be glad to.
And I think. Aunt Henrietta, it's be-
cause I’ve found myself here. 1 can
do things at last—not big things or
great things, of course, but—”

  " Child.” interrupted her aunt. “ the
big things and the great ones don't al-
ways show so on the surface. And
which are big and which are little I
sometimes thing only God Himself
can rightly judge.”

  From the direction of the back door
came the sound of one knocking, and
Eileen started to her feet.

  “ It’s — the gas-collector,” she fal-
tered.

  “ The nerve of him.” flared Miss
Henrietta. “ coming at this time of
night! But you’ve the money now,

XJ	U

Eileen. Pay him and send him about

his business.”

  “ But he doesn't come officially any
more. Aunt Henrietta.” Eileen ex-
plained in some confusion. “He
comes to see me. and his name is
Jones.”

  “ Humph,” said Miss Henrietta.
Not much of a name, according to
my thinking.”

  “ He has another,” defended Eileen.
“ It’s Fordham-”

  “ Well,” conceded Miss .Henrietta,
“ his mother evidently tried to do
what she could to improve mat-
ters, but I can't say I think she
altogether succeeded. Plain John
or Henry would have been much
better. However,” she handsomely
admitted, “ he's not to blame for either
Jones or Fordham. Go and let him in.
Eileen, and bring him up. I'll look
him over.”

  Eileen went down-stairs, but before
ever she reached the kitchen the listen-
ing Miss Henrietta heard the back
door open and close again.

  Evidently the gas-collector. whose
name was Jones, was well accustomed
to that place and very sure of his wel-
come. Miss Henrietta thought she
understood, and like the sensible wom-
an she was. she accepted the inevitable.

  “ If I like his looks," she decided.
“ half as well as I do Eileen’s house-
keeping, I’ll ask them to live here, for
I guess if we both tried, he and I could
get used to each other in time.”

v rr

THE CONTRADICTION

 BY AMANDA BENJAMIN HALL

      THE women he had loved before
      Had made him promise o’er and o’er
      He would be true till both were dead:

          Then love had fled!

       But when one came with rainbow smile
       Who kissed him, saying all the while.
       “’Tis sweet because it cannot last,”

          Love staved steadfast!
By Paul West

T\ EFORE I tell this story I
want one thing thoroughly
^ understood. I’m not look-
JLdrJ ing for sympathy. I don’t
ffigaL want, and I don’t expect,
anybody to say: “Poor fel-
low, it was a shame! ”

  It wasn't a shame. All that I got
was coming to me, plainly directed
and prepaid. I deserved it. Maybe
more. Now that I look back I think
I got off pretty lightly. At all events,
I’m not complaining.

  This being settled, en avont! as we
say in France.

  I must have been the most uncon-
scionably fresh thing that ever needed
salting. Of course I didn’t think I
was at the time, being spoiled by my
last two years in college, where they
had made a sort of idol of me ever
since the day I won the middle-weight
championship by whipping all comers.

  After that they began to puff me up,
and like an idiot I allowed the adula-
tion to turn my head.

  I was husky—very; and, if I do say
it, I could box. I liked the sport, and
1 was always at it. Pat Donoghue,
our boxing instructor, said he had
never seen a college man anywhere
near my class.

He used to bring some of the best

•759

professionals down to put on the
gloves with me. I’m not bragging
when I say there wasn't one of them
who could do much to me. They all
had to admit that, and they all agreed
with Pat that in going in for the law
I was absolutely ruining what couldn’t
have helped being a great career in the
ring.

  But, while all this praise made me
horribly conceited, I wasn't quite fool
enough to consider seriously any
proposition to become a prize-fighter;
so when I graduated I left poor, old
Pat and his plug-ugly friends mourn-
ing my loss to the ring.

  The family all thought I had
worked so hard to get my degree that
I ought to have a good, long rest that
summer. I thought so myself. So
when Garravan, Haddaway, and about
twenty others who were going into
camp in the Adirondacks asked me to
come along, I gladly accepted.

  They were overjoyed. My presence
—the presence of the intercollegiate
middle - weight champion boxer —
would add tone to any camp, fliey
thought. I guess maybe I thought so,
too.

  From the very start, as I can see
now, I began to cook up my fate. It
was entirely unintentional on my part-
760

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

I didn't mean to be conceited or over-
bearing.

  I suppose it was my great strength
that made me always squaring off to
other fellows, hitting them playful lit-
tle taps—not so soft, I’m afraid, the
way the weaker ones used to wince
under them—and generally showing
my companions what a big. muscular
person I was.

  And I was always posing around in
a short-sleeved shirt—or it must have
seemed posing to the others—getting
tanned up till my muscular frame
looked- like a piece of modeling in
bronze.

  But nobody called me down for it,
all being a little afraid of me, I sup-
pose: though I know now, of course,
that they noticed it and poked fun at
me behind my back. It was more than
fun. too; some of the boys began to
get a little jealous at the way I at-
tracted the girls.

  This is not conceit, please under-
stand me. I was a good-looking chap,
and it didn’t take me long to find that
masculine strength made an awful hit
with the other sex; so. of course, I
worked it for all it was worth.

  How I doted on showing those
bulging biceps of mine as I wielded a
paddle before the admiring eyes of
some pretty girl from one of the cot-
tages near our camp. And how well
I knew that, as I stood poised on the
spring-board for a dive into the lake,
more than one smitten maiden was ob-
serving my herculean proportions
from the piazza of the lodge.

  For this camp of ours was not in the
wilderness, but on the edge of one of
those fashionable summer settlements
in which the Adirondacks abound, and
there were plenty of people to nurture
the admiration in which I was begin-
ning to hold myself so highly.

  Poor fool that I was! Ah, well!
“ Those whom the gods would de-
stroy.” and so on!

  Along came Vickery. The first
morning I saw him I failed to size
him up for what lie was. I looked 011

him only as an unusually fresh boun-
der for daring to take Millicent Peters
canoeing when it was generally known
along the lake that she was one of my
particular conquests, if not the one.

  Almost ever)' morning about this
hour for a week 1 had been hopping
into my canoe—in white flannels with
a sleeveless silk shirt that showed my
arm-and-shoulder muscles to the best
advantage—and running up the shore
to the landing in front of the lodge
to take Millicent for a ride.

  Why, at the very moment when
Vickery’s canoe hove in sight, with
Vickery doing the paddling and Milli-
cent propped against the cushions in
the stern. I was just about to get into
my own to go after her!

  I stepped back on the dock, scarce-
ly believing my eyes, as Vickery pad-
died the canoe alongside at Millicent’s
request.

  “ Hello, Mr. Kneeland,” she called.
“ I’ve brought somebody down you
ought to know. Mr. Vickery, Mr.
Kneeland. Mr. Vickery’s just come
up to the lodge for the summer.
You’ve heard me speak of Mr. Knee-
land—he’s the college champion boxer,
you know! ”

  “ Glad to meet you,’’ said Vickery,
reaching up to the float.

  I stooped down to grasp his hand
after holding Millicent’s a moment.
I would have liked to yank him out of
the canoe and dump him in the lake in
his dark-blue serge suit; but I thought
I could attend to all that later.

  Vickery didn’t look as if he would
be much trouble, giving no great ap-
pearance of unusual huskiness. I
rather put him aside and addressed
myself to Millicent after a formal
greeting to him. He sat quietly in the
canoe as she and 1 chatted.

  Even when they went back to the
lodge, after inviting me up to play
tennis in the afternoon. 1 somewhat
pitied Vickery, as I thought I noticed
an admiring light in his eyes when he
looked in Millicent’s direction.

  Poor fellow! So he had already
A SCRAP IN THE DARK.

761

lost his heart to her. Oh. well, another
fly for me to brush aside!

  That afternoon I went up to the
lodge, and as Vickery came down to
the court ready for a set of doubles—
he and some other girl were going to
play Millicent and me—I had a slight
shock.

  He, like me, wore a silk shirt,
sleeveless, and for the first time I saw
that he was about as husky an indi-
vidual as myself! His muscles were
big and developed, and his shoulders
were wonders, while his neck was
short and corded.

  His face, too, bore all the marks of
a man in good training, and his gen-
eral action as he got into the game
told me that I was up against an ath-
lete like myself. I wondered if he
were a boxer, and at the first chance I
asked him.

  “ Oh, a little,” he said. “ I’ve done
quite a little at college, but I wouldn't
care to call myself much of a terror
with the gloves, especially when
you're around.”

  " I’m not so sure about that,” said

I,	laughing, but thinking to myself:

  “ I’m on to this boy. He’s some-
body, and he’s trying to lead me on! ”

  That night I found out more about
Vickery. I learned that I was right
in my estimate of his prowess. Tt was
Haddaway who tipped me off as we
lay around the camp-fire waiting to go
to sleep.

  “ Vickery? ” he said. “If it’s Tom
Vickery, he’s one of the crack West-
ern college middle-weights; Michigan,
I think.”

  Then I remembered an M on Vick-
ery’s tennis-cap and knew that this
was the man. Ah, well! Maybe it
would be a little more work to teach
him his place than I had at first ex-
pected; but I guessed I was equal to
the emergency!

  I didn’t want to pick any trouble
with him though; not that I was
afraid of him, for I give you my word
I was not. I had whipped many men
who looked a good deal tougher than

he was, and when it came to the ques-
tion of skill. I hadnt any doubt that
any advantage on that score was on
my side.

  But almost from the first I could
see that trouble was coming. Vickery
began to establish a proprietorship
over Millicent Peters that was galling
to me, and when I stepped in and put
a stop to it you could see he didn’t
like it a bit. And one day when a
canoe-trip was organized by a crowd
along the lake and I kidnaped Milli-
cent for my canoe-mate just when I
could see he thought he had it all
fixed, I imagined for a moment that
Vickery was going to start the row
right then and there and have it out
with me. Well, I’d have been willing,
I think.

  Anyway, from that time on I kept
my eye peeled for war, and in no
half-measured way I showed Mr.
Vickery, from day to day, that I
wasn’t going to stand any fooling.
I’ll even admit that the chip which
each of us carried around on his shoul-
der became apparent to the rest of the
crowd.

II.

Note by George Garravan, Camp

  Carefree. Mirror Lake, Adiron-
  dack^.

  My friend, Ted Kneeland, one of
the finest fellows yon ever knew, has
turned his “ Confession.” as he calls
this story, over to me to continue at
this point.

  “George.” he said, “you'll see
what I’ve written, and you’ll notice
the place where I’m stuck. I could
write it all right, but you know some
of the details better than I do; and be-
sides I’ve some sense of shame left.

  “ Put in the part up to the fight.
Don’t tell too much, but make it plain
why you and the bunch finally had to
step in and teach us two big hulks a
much-needed lesson. Don’t spare
either of us, but have a little pity.
Ceorge, just a little pity!”
762

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  So here goes:

  It was just as Kneeland said; every-
body soon discovered that he and
Vickery had a chip on the shoulder
and were looking for trouble. At
first we looked on the whole matter as
;< joke, but alter a while it got tedious
and bothersome, because we couldn’t
go anywhere without the enmity of the
two spoiling things.

  Our crowd and the lodge crowd
began to grow rather chummy during
the summer—nice fellows tip at the
lodge and a lot of bully girls. So we
had them over at Camp Carefree for
little picnics and dances and things,
and they returned the compliment.

  But instead of these little games be-
ing good fun, as they should have
been, they commenced to be the bane
of our young lives, because Vickery
and Kneeland spoiled them.

  It wasn't only over the Peters girl,
though goodness knows every time the
two came within three feet of each
other and she was anywhere around,
we all thought we’d soon have to
throw red pepper in their eyes to pry
them apart.

  No; the two clashed everywhere;
and at last it came to a point where
we either had to be on the watch all
the time or there'd have been murder.

  “Look here. Garrv!” said Had-
dawav to me one day. “ There's go-
ing to be murder up in these diggings
pretty soon.”

  “Over wRat?” I asked.

  “ Vickery and Kneeland. We can’t
keep 'em apart much longer. Honestly,
every time they're on the same side of
the lake I look for a battle to the
death. Just now. for instance, Vickery
came up to the float in his canoe and
Kneeland was standing there and
wouldn't move an inch.

  “ I saw Vickery push his way back
of Kneeland. and I give you my word
if he had brushed the tip of the nap
on Kneeland’s sweater he’d have gone
overboard. Kneeland’s fist wras dou-
bled up like a ham at the end of a
catapult.”

  “ And Vickery, I suppose, wasn’t

looking for anything? '*

  " Oh, not at all! He was not only
looking, but begging for it! I tell
you. they’re spoiling the whole sum-
mer. Millicent Peters says she won't
go up the lake with the party we’re
getting up next Saturday if either
Vickery or Kneeland goes along. She
thinks there 11 be a tragedy before
they get back, and she doesn't want
her name in the papers as the bone of
contention.”

  “It’s a darned shame!” said I.
“ But T don’t see what I can do un-
less—”

  “Unless what? Talking to either
of them won't do any good.”

  “ Unless,” I said, an idea flashing
through my head, “ they get together
before Saturday and fight it out.”

  “ They wouldn't do it," said Had-
daway. “ It's my candid opinion that
Kneeland, for all his record and fine
opinion he has of himself, is a little
afraid of Vickery. And I don’t im-
agine Vickery is dying to try Knee-
land out either.

   “ They're like a couple of dogs that
growl at each other across a fence.
If the gate were opened they'd prob-
ably both run."

  “ I doubt that,” said I. “ I think
Kneeland could kill Vickery. He’s
considerably heavier."

  “ But Vick's like a bundle of whip-
cords. I'd like to see them together.
I f we could only fix it somehow.”

  We mentioned our idea to Millicent
Peters, who we ran across that eve-
ning. She w’as hiding from both
Vickery and Kneeland, who were
looking for her to take her canoeing
in the moonlight.

  “ Oh, I think any such plan is per-
fectly brutal!” she exclaimed in hor-
ror. “You are all dreadful!”

  “ But it’s the only way,” said Had-
daway. “ You can’t have two cocks
of the walk; one's got to whip the
other and have it over with, so the
question of mastery’s decided once and
«for all.”
A SCRAP IN THE DARK.

763

  “ Yes,” said Millicent. “And which-
ever one was whipped would pack up
and go home and leave the other, and
that wouldn't do, because they’re both
such charming fellows! And charm-
ing fellows are very scarce up here! ”
“ Oh! ” said we, understanding her,
and went away.

  But five minutes later wre decided
that our plan must be followed out.
after all. It was just as we were leav-
ing the lodge. Suddenly, down on the
lawn near the lake, there broke out a
noise like the falling of a sky-scraper,
and we got there just in time to keep
Kneeland, who had bumped into Vick-
ery. from chucking Vickery clear
across the lake—or vice versa.

  We dragged Kneeland down to our
camp and sent Vickery up to the
lodge under a strong escort. And that
night we planned it all out.

  We put it to Vickery and Kneeland
next morning—that is, we put part of
it to them—not all. There was one
little portion we reserved for our-
selves—the secret part.

  “ You and Vickery are spoiling
everybody’s summer,” we told Knee-
land. “ You’re on the verge of a bat-
tle all the time. Everybody’s afraid
to go anywhere because they think it’s
liable to break out any moment.

  “ Now, the only way to get this
thing over is for you two fellows to
fight it out. Vickery thinks he can
put it all over you; he’s been around
bragging that you’re afraid of him.
You feel a little the same way about
him, and we hope and believe thor-
oughly you're right.

  “ But it’s got to be settled, and
here's our arrangement: You and he
are to fight a duel, but a different sort
of a duel from most of them. You’re
going to fight blindfolded.”

  “Blindfolded?” shouted Kneeland.
“ Not on your li fe! ”

  “ Oh, yes; you are.” said we. “ It’s
Millicent Peters’s idea. We think we
know why. She’s a little afraid you
can lick Vickery too easily, anti she
doesn’t want him marked up too much.

I\ot that she really cares more for him
than she does for you; but she’s sym-
pathetic, and favors the under dog.
She thinks that if you’re blindfolded
you won’t be able to hit him so hard
and so often, and—”

    Once will be enough,” grunted
Kneeland. “ When's the duel coming:
off?”

  We told practically the same things
to Vickery, and he also fell for our
plan when we mentioned why Milli-
cent wanted the blindfolds on "her two
heroes.

  He said he could lick Kneeland
blindfolded, and if it would please
Millicent at all we would tie one of
his hands behind his back. But we
said no; we only wanted the blind-
folds on, and the duel would take
place in B Camp, which was a good,
big room, that night.

  And promptly at eight o'clock Vick-
ery landed at our float with his canoe
and two seconds, Charley Deane and
Jack Peters, Millicent’s brother. He
was introduced to Kneeland, who had
Haddaway and me to look after him,
and then the arrangements were laid
before them.

  I will now surrender as narrator in
favor of Mr. Kneeland himself.

III.

Narrative Continued by Edward

  Kneeland, Former Intercolle-
  giate Middle-Weight Champion.

  “ Gentlemen,” said Garry, who
did most of the talking, “ it is unnec-
essary to rehearse the reasons for the
coming combat or why it is to be
fought as we have arranged. Further
details are few. B Camp has been
stripped for the fray—all the furniture
taken out, as you will see when you
are admitted.

  “ You will be taken in there, the
gloves — two ounces — adjusted, and
the blindfolds put over your eyes.
Mr. Kneeland’s seconds will put Mr.
Vickery’s on. and Mr. Vickery’s
764

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

friends will perform a similar duty

for Mr. Kneeland.

  “ You w ill then be left to fight it
out behind locked doors. At the end
of ten minutes the doors will be un-
locked, the blindfolds removed from
your eyes, and the winner declared.

  "That there will be a winner we
sincerely trust and believe. That the
fight will be fair we have no doubt,
relying on each combatant’s honor to
strike no foul blows or to remove his
blindfold.

  “Gentlemen, are you ready?”

  “ We are.” we said.

  Then Garry and the other three
seconds took us inside of B Camp,
which, as he had said, was stripped
clean—not a chair or a table or a
hammock left inside; no hiding-place.

  We stripped, and. though it wasn't
the first time I had seen Vickery in
the buff, I was seized with strong ad-
miration for his appearance; but I
wasn't a bit scared of him. Then they
put on the gloves—pretty nearly skin-
gloves, too—as you know two ounces
isn't much.

  Then Peters and Deane put on my
blindfold, doing a thorough job, all
right.

  First they slipped a baglike thing
of black silk down over my head and
tied it securely under my chin. And
then over that they put another strip
across my eyes, tying that tightly at
the back of my head.

  See? I couldn’t see the inside of
my own eyelids !

  Garravan and Haddaway were at-
tending to Vickery at the same time—
doing a thorough job, too, for I
heard him exclaim in a muffled way:

  “ Ouch ! Not so tight over the right
eye there! I'm a little tender—boxing
a bit this morning! "

  “ You’ll be tenderer! ” thought I to
myself.

  Finally they had us both ready.
Deane and Peters stepped away from
me.

  “ All-fixed? ” I heard Garravan ask.

  “ All fixed,” replied Millicent’s

brother. “ Do you care to examine

his blindfold?”

  “ Not unless you want to look over

V	ickerv’s,” said Haddaway. There
was a moment’s silence, while I stood
there like a dummy, wondering what
was coming next.

  “ Everything being arranged,” said
Garravan, “ I suppose we may as well
let them start. How about the lamp?
Do we need to leave it in here?

  “ I don't see how a light can be of
any advantage to them under the cir-
cumstances,” said Deane, “ And they
might knock it over.”

  "All right,” said Garravan. “I
guess we’d better take it out with us.

  “ Now, gentlemen,” he added, “ let's
get down to business. Your hand,
Kneeland! ”

  He took my right, and I felt him
place it in Vickery's, holding them to-
gether with both of his.

  “ You understand the rules of this
—er—affair of honor,” he said. “ Ten
minutes it’s to last. You can arrange
the rounds to suit your convenience.
At the end of ten minutes we will un-
lock the doors and present ourselves
to you. Till then matters are in your
hands. Are you ready ? ”

  “ I am,” said I.

  “ I am,” said Vickery.

  “ Then,” said Garravan, “ when
you receive the signal you will begin;
but not till then. Gentlemen—Deane,
Haddaway, Peters! Are you ready?”
4 Yes.” answered Haddaway from
the direction I remembered the door
to lie in. “ Come 011, Garravan! Got
the lamp. Deane?”

  “ Got everything.”

  “ Wait for the signal,” said Garra-
van. pressing my hand into Vickery's
and releasing his grasp on our wrists.

  Then he walked rapidly toward the
door.

  " Wait! ’’ he said.

  There was a scuffling of feet. The
door slammed to and was locked, and
from outside came Garravan’s voice:
“ Go!”

  We were alone! The battle was on!
A SCRAP IN THE DARK.

  Not till that moment did I realize
the peculiar conditions of the light.
Not till we were left alone in that big
room, facing- each other in the dark,
did I entirely comprehend what I had
agreed to. Somehow, while Garravan
remained holding our hands, I could
see—or at least could sense—my sur-
roundings; but with his withdrawal
and the withdrawal of the other three
seconds from the room there came a
feeling of helplessness that I can't
describe.

  I felt lost, like a ship without a rud-
der. I almost forgot that facing me,
in precisely the same predicament,
was Vickery, and that he and I were
there to fight each other.

  Then suddenly I heard a slight sound,
like that of a foot being moved ten-
tatively on the bare floor. It brought
me to my senses. It was Vickery,
setting himself for the first punch,
which he meant to make a good one.
before I should have any chance to
elude him in the Stygian darkness.

  “Two can play at that game!”
flashed through my mind.

  I drew back, my mind’s eye, if not
my physical optic, fixed on the point
of Vickery’s chin, which must be
within striking distance. I let fly—a
straight, full - forced, right - arm jab,
with all the weight of my body be-
hind it.

  It landed—on the air!

  But at that same instant Vickery’s
blow, which must have l>een a coun-
terpart of my own, was launched, and
I felt the heel of his hand come crash-
ing against my left cheek. It was a
glancing blow, and that was all that
saved me, for it was a crusher, deliv-
ered with all the force he could put
into it—I could tell that by the grunt
with which he accompanied it—and if

V	ickery’s punch had landed fair on
my jaw it might have finished me then
and there.

  So! T had been none too quick for
my foxy opponent.

  Almost before the thud of his fist
had lost its force I side-stepped quick-

765

ly, so as to forestall a second jab of
the same sort should he try it. As I
side-stepped I took a step forward and
let go at him with my right again;
but this time in a swing, to catch him
on the side of the face if he were still
there.

  This time I landed — landed good
and hard — and I heard him grunt.
But before I could follow it with an
uppercut from my left, somehow he
crossed me. It was wonderfully
quick, wonderfully well measured, and
it took me flush on the mouth.

  Oh, what a crusher! Behind my
impenetrable blindfold I saw stars —
all the stars in the world—and, what’s
more, they were red stars, for now I
was mad clear through.

  I let fly at Vickery. I missed. I
followed up and drove again at him
— wide swings first with my left,
then my right.

  They swished through the air, but
they met nothing. I began to think I
was fighting away from him, when
whack! it was my left ear this time
that got it — got it with a ringing,
palm-open slap that made my brains
ring and buzz!

  I was maddened, not so much with
the force of the blows already landed
on me as at the thought that Vickery
could get me almost at will, while I
could not find him.

  I stopped, crouching, nursing my
smarts, listening.

  Then I heard him behind me, creep-
ing stealthily, mouselike. I turned on
my toes and let fly where I could hear
his sharp, quick breathing. Before
my blow had finished the arc in which
I swung my fist, crash! Again that
smash on the month; and swash!
Again that echo - awakening slap on
my ear—my right ear this time.

  I swung wildly, leaping forward.
Once or twice, as I rained a shower
of blows in all directions, I landed,
though not effectually. But neither
did Vickery. I was making him cover
and give ground, anyway, which was
some satisfaction.
766

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  I pressed on. with a wilder swing
than ever; but I hit nothing more. A
sound like a quick tread to one side
gave me a hint that he had side-
stepped me, I leaped away, fearing a
flank attack: but I was too late.

 Bang! Bang! Not one, but two
staggering blows landed on my neck
just below the ear—a trifle higher and
I should have been a goner.

  I followed their direction. I fought
into them—and suddenly I landed.

  Oh. yes; I landed—hard! I thought
ray hand was broken, for it was the
wall I had struck, sending my knuckles
crashing against the rough pine! And
as if that were not enough, from fully
ten feet away I heard a mocking
laugh.

  "Is that so?” I roared, now fairly
beside myself with rage. “ Look out
now! You’ll get it good and plenty
this time! ”

 Smack! Something landed on my
eye! Smash! Something else met my
nose with terrific impact.

  And then for the first time I knew
what it was to actually fear an adver-
sary. His uncanny success in hitting
me and getting away again made me
drop to the floor, holding my breath,
coming nearer than ever before in my
life to wishing the fight were over.

  Sut almost before I had crouched
down to my utmost my budding ter-
ror gave way to a desire for revenge.
It was utterly impossible that Vick-
ery, blindfolded as I was—and of the
tightness of his bandage I had no
doubts — could see any better than I
could.

  It must have been luck, or a skilful
way of fighting—waiting for me, lis-
tening to my footsteps, and locating
me by the sound. I would do the
same thing; I, too, would be cautious.

  I rose slowly to my feet, listening,
scarcely daring to breathe lest I should
shut out the sound of his slightest
movement.

  All was still. Nothing but the beat-
ing of my heart alarmed the night.
Yet T listened, until at last 1 thought

I could hear the slightest sort of noise
—perhaps breathing, perhaps move-
ment—to my left.

  Slowly, cautiously, hardly daring to
move a foot for fear it would be
heard, I began to creep in that direc-
tion.

  Crash! This time it was another of
those glancing blows on the side of
my face. Crash! Another on the
opposite cheek. With the second one
I turned one loose with everything I
had behind it. Nothing suffered but
the air!

  I stood still, gasping, not from loss
of breath, but in astonishment. How
could he do it? Where was he? Well,
let him come on now! If he had me
located he could not be far away.
Next time I. too, would—

  Crack! My left ear rang. I leaped
fully five feet to the right. Stnack!
On the side of my nose — the right
side. I danced backward, bringing up
my guard.

  Blam! An uppercut from under-
neath my guard, jarring my teeth, but
jarring a thousand times more my
state of mind. Where was Vickery'?
How did he do it? How—

  Crash! Full in the space between
my eyes. I went down. I won’t ad-
mit it was entirely from the blow. I
dropped willingly, and I stayed down!

  Afraid to get up? Well, yes; I’ll
admit it. and if you laugh at me and
call me a quitter all I have to say is.
let them put you in a dark room with
another man. both blindfolded, and let
him hit you as often and as hard as
he pleases when you can’t find him to
save your life. And see if you aren't
afraid, too!

  Yes, I was afraid. I lay crouching
there, gasping, my hands resting on
the floor ready to spring if that fist
should find me again, but not knowing
which way to jump.

  It was very .still. Not a breath
could be heard but my own, and 1 took
scarcely enough into 'my lungs to keep
them bellowsed, lest the sound of it
should tell Vickery where I was.
A SCRAP IN THE DARK.

767

  I even crawled along the floor like
a whipped dog. He must not find me
—not unless 1 could find him, too.

  Then I realized what a coward I
was. I rose slowly and began feeling
along the wall till I came to the locked
door. It was almost in my mind to
draw the bolt and leap outside to get
away from this uncanny adversary,
but I shook off the desire and stepped
out into the center of the room.

  If he were there I had another plan
now. I would let him strike me, and
would wait. But when the second one
came I would clinch, and then—

  Oh, I didn’t care if it was against
the rules or not! Once I got hold of
him there would be no rules, no any-
thing but revenge! With teeth
clenched I waited. I waited, but not
long!

  Crash! I took the blow and got
ready, my hands half lifted, not for
a blow, but to grab the arm next time
it came at me.

  Blam! Back of my ear!

  I whirled with gritting teeth and
pawed at the air to clutch him by
throat or arm—by anything.

  Crash! Behind my ear again, but
now from the other direction! Now
I wildly, madly covered and sank to
the floor—whipped !

  And then suddenly I heard the bolts
of the door being drawn and the
sound of voices—

  “Ten minutes up!”

  With the horrid thought that they
would find me cowering—punished—
licked!—I leaped to my feet and stood
in a fighting position. There came
the rush of feet, my blindfold was
torn off, and there, two feet from
me. in the same position as that which
I was holding, stood Vickery.

  I was ashamed to look at him—T,
with my lips puffed; my eyes, one
completely closed, the other only a
slit through which 1 could see but
dimly; my nose swollen, my chin and
cheeks scraped and bulging! While
he, I knew, was practically unscathed.

  Then suddenly through my half-

closed eye I saw what I did not be-
lieve.

  Vickery was a sight! If my eyes
were bad his were shocking. His up-
per lip was puffed out so that you
could have hung a towel on it; his
nose was twice its natural size, his
whole countenance seemed so dis-
torted that I hardly knew him. But
through his bloated features he was
staring at me as I would have stared
at a superman, awe, admiration, com-
plete worship in his maudlin glance!

  I looked from this sight, the mean-
ing of which I could not fathom, to
our seconds for an explanation.

  I looked in vain. I thought I saw
the retreating form of Garravan go-
ing through the door, and so did
Vickery. But we were too slow for
the little rabbit, and all we could do
was look out after the scurrying
quartet into the dark of the woods,
and curse them—for what, we did
not know exactly!

  Then we turned back into the big
room and looked at each other, stand-
ing under the lamp, which they had
had the decency to replace before mak-
ing their exit.

  “My Lord. Kneeland!” gasped he.
“What's happened to you? You’re
a sight! ”

  “What's happened to me!" I
flashed back. “ What’s happened!
You ask that after what you did to
me! ”

  “ I! ” he gasped. “ I! What are
you talking about? I never landed
on you once! While you simply had
me whanging all over the place! Look
what you’ve done to mv face! ”

   “ I! ”

  It was my turn to gasp.

  “ I! Why, Vick. I never laid a
glove on you through the whole
thing! ”

  “You didn’t! Then who—”

  I think it came to us simultaneously.

I know that Vickery was no quicker
than I in spying those four pairs of
two-ounce gloves that somebody had
hurriedly thrown on the floor! I

J
768

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

know he saw no sooner than I did
what it all had meant! And I know
we both looked pretty well ashamed
as we shook hands.

  “ And there were four of them in
the room all the time, whanging us
any way they wanted to! said he.
“Four of them! Just think of it!

xj XS

And 1 thought it was you. Will we
kill them for it?”

“ We ought to,” said I, “ But
somehow. Vick, I think we'd do bet-
ter to forget it. Don’t you think
maybe we brought it on ourselves?
Come, let’s shake hands!”

And we did again!

XJ	V

THE MASTER—DEAD

     BY DJUNA CHAPPELL BARNES

        HIS sighs were sonnets out of school.

        He made replies
             Like any wise, artistic fool
             With gabled eyes.

         lie told his truths as men have done
          Since men knew lies.

         He was alone the master grain
          In all the crowd.

        A thousand hammers on his heart
          Beat high and loud.

         Aye. it's a wasted field indeed.

         Untilled, unplowed.

         His sense of tolerance was marred
          By inborn leers.

         His eyes, the fountain-springs of life,
           Half warped with tears.

        Some said that he had wept too much
          Throughout the years.

         And so he gambled at life’s hoard
          (.Breath has its price ) ;

         A prison’s built with iron bars,

        A man with dice.

         A kitten is a king because
         It knows its mice.

         And so he died, yet lying dead
          Was incomplete;

         For though his head laughed loud in hell.
           The shudd’ring wheat

         In God’s stern granaries was stirred
           By his great feet.

         Though half of him. irreverence,

         And half retrieves.

         His chest he left beneath our sod
           And leaves;

        And in the dawn, when God is still—

            It heaves.
7hi B.V.D. Cm fair.

“You Rascal, It’s B.V.D. That Keeps You Cool!”

“V^ou’ve been strutting around the house, bragging: ‘How
  JL Cool I Am’—now I know the reason—caught with die
  goods. You can’t get ahead of your Dad, though—ha! ha!
  I'm wearing B.V. D., too. I’ve got it on right now.

“Mother got mine for me the other day at Brown’s.

You bet, she knows how to buy. Always gets what
she asks for, and, Boy, 1 haven’t felt so cool and com-
fortable in all my life. Doesn’t hind or chafe—lets
the air in—seems to keep your pores open—launders
as white and soft as a handkerchief—simply great.’'	I i I

On every B.V. D. Undergarment is sewed'

This Red JI oven Lobe/

MADE FOR THE

B.V D.

BEST RETAIL TRADE

 (Tradt Mart Rr[. I/. S. Pal. Off. & Furrign I*■«(.]

 Firmly insist upon seeing the B.V. D. KrJ Woven
 label, and firmly refuse to take any Athletic
 Unde wear without it. Then you’ll get properly
 cut, correctly made, long-service underwear.

 II.V.D. Union Salts (Pat. U. S. A. +-J0-07) 51,00. 51.50. S’.00.
 S3.00and S5.00 the Suit. B.V.D. Coat Cut Undershirts and
 Knee Length Drawer*. 50c. 75c. 51.00 and 51.Su tlie Garment.

The B.V. D. Company, NewYork.

                London Selling Agency: 66, Alderminbury, E. C.
V A C A T I O N I) A Y S

To the pleasures
of vacation days
a Pi emo adds
the further pleas-
ure of making
pictures of all
the persons and
things that make
the v a e a t i on
worth while.

Your vacation will
be much pleasanter
with a

PREMO

Light, compact, efficient and dependable in the fullest sense of the word, a
Premo is the ideal vacationist "s camera. Prices range from $1.50 to $130.

I’remo catalogue free at nil dealers*, or gladly mailed on request.

Rochester Optical Division, Eastman Kodak Co., Rochester, N. Y.

THE MtTNKET PREH0. NEW TORK

ITT '	-*