
If you want the truth, go to a child

J EPSON had a spectacular record as a salesman. They
used to call him “Crash-’em-down” Jepson. And
the bigger they were, the harder they fell.

  Lately, though, Jepson felt himself slipping. He
couldn’t seem to land the big orders; and he was too
proud to go after the little ones. He was discouraged
and mystified. Finally, one evening, he got the real
truth from his little boy. You can always depend on a
child to be outspoken on subjects that older people avoid.
* *

  You, yourself, rarely know when you have halitosis
(unpleasant breath). That’s the insidious thing about it.

And even your closest friends won’t tell you. Maybe
not even your wife.

  But usually—and fortunately—halitosis is onlya local con-
dition that yields to the regular use of Listerine as a mouth
wash and gargle. For Listerine halts food fermentation
in the mouth and leaves the breath sweet, fresh and clean.

  By using this really remarkable, safe antiseptic system-
atically, you know your breath is right and that you are
on the safe and polite side.

  Your druggist sells Listerine in the original brown
package only—four sizes: 14 ounce, 7 ounce, 3 ounce
and 1)4 ounce. Buy the large size for economy.-—Lambert
Pharmacal Company, Saint Louis, U. S. A.

LISTERINE Throat Tablets are nozv available.
Please do not make the mistake of expecting them to
correct bad breath. Rely on the liquid, Listerine.
Containing all of the antiseptic essential oils of
Listerine, however, they are very valuable as a relief
for throat irritations—25 cents.

 ........... ' " ......
ADVENTURE

i

Every time you pull
the emergency brake,
think of

There is a really interesting book on brakes
called “Braking Safe.” Write for it.

Department AF-7
MULTIBESTOS COMPANY, Walpole, Mass., U. S. A.

1^ IdealSummerVacations A

KermudA

Only 2 Days from NewYork JL
8 Day Tours—$90 and up

Including all Expenses. Longer Tours in Proportion
Bermuda is Cool in Summer

Average Summer Temperature 77 degrees

All Outdoor Sports

Sailing, Bathing, Golf, Tennis. Crystal Caves, Sea Cardens, etc.

No Passports Required

SAILINGS TWICE WEEKLY

Via Palatial, Twin-Screw, Oil-Burning Transatlantic Liners

S. S. “Fort Victoria” and
S. S. “Fort St. George”

Canadian ft? Days

m	W N EW YORK

 Vuis c s a&tffcg

4 Delightful Yachting Cruises (No Freight)

Leaving New York July 11-25, Aug. 8-22

Via Palatial, Twin-Screw

S. S. “FORT HAMILTON”

Stopping One Day (each way) at Halifax and Two Days at
Quebec. Magnificent Scenery, Smooth Water, Cool Weather,
Orchestra for Dancing

For Illustrated Booklets on Bermuda or Canadian Cruise write

FURNESS BERMUDA LINE

34 Whitehall St., N. Y., or any Local Tourist Agent

“O EE that man at the receiving teller’s window? That’s
‘Billy’ King, Sales Manage- for The Browning Com-
pany. Every month he comes in and deposits $500.
“Three years ago he started at Browning’s at $25 a
week. Married, had one child, couldn’t save a cent. One
day he came in here desperate—wanted to borrow a hun-
dred dollars — wife was sick.

  “I said, ‘Billy, I’m going to give you something worth
more than a loan — some good advice—and if you’ll
follow it I’ll let you have the hundred too. Take up a
course with the International Correspondence Schools and
put in some of your evenings getting special training. The
schools will do wonders for you, I know. We’ve got
several I. C. S. men here in the bank.’

  “That very night Billy wrote to Scranton, and a few
days later he had started studying at home. Why, in a
few months he had doubled his salary! Next thing I
knew he was put in charge of his department and two
months ago they made him Sales Manager. It just shows
what a man can do in a little spare time.”

* * * *

   Employers are begging for men with ambition-—men who really
want to get ahead in the world and are willing to prove It by
training themselves in spare time to do some one thing well.

   Prove that you are that kind of man! The International Corre-
spondence Schools are ready and anxious to help you prepare for
something better if you will only make the start. Do it now!
At least find out what the I. C. S. can do for you.

Mail the coupon for Free Booklet

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

Box 2014-E, Scranton. Penna.

Without cost or obligation, please tell me how I can qualify for
the position or in the subject before which I have marked an X:
BUSINESS TRAINING COURSES

  □	Business Management

  □	Industrial Management

  □	Personnel Organization

  □	Traffic Management

  □	Business Law

  □	Banking and Banking Law

  □	Accountancy (including C.P.A.)

  □	Nicholson Cost Accounting

  □	Bookkeeping

  □	Private Secretary

 □	Spanish	O French

      TECHNICAL AND
 Electrical Engineering

  _ Electric Lighting

  □	Mechanical Engineer

  □	Mechanical Draftsman

  □	Machine Shop Practice
  Railroad Positions
  Gas Engine Operating
  Civil Engineer
  Surveying and Mapping
  Metallurgy

  □	Steam Engineering

  □	Radio

Name..

Salesmanship
Advertising
Better Letters
Show Card Lettering
_ Stenography and Typing

 □	Business English
   Civil Service
   Railway Mail Clerk
   Common School Subjects

_ High School Subjects

□	Illustrating □ Cartooning
INDUSTRIAL COURSES

Architect

   Architects' Blueprints
   Contractor and Builder
   Architectural Draftsman
   Concrete Builder
   Structural Engineer
   Chemistry □ Pharmacy
   Automobile Work
   Airplane Engines
   Navigation

   Agriculture and Poultry
   Mathematics	*

 Street

 Address..

 3-6-24

City....................................................State..

Occupation ...................................................................................

Persons residing in Canada should send this coupon to the Interna-
tional Correspondence Schools Canadian, Limited, Montreal, Canada.

  “He deposits $500
       a month”

ADVENTURE	Published three times a month by The Rideway Company at Spring and Macdougal Sts., New York.	Volume 53

T.	m e	N. Y. Yearly subscription $6.00 in advance; single copy 25 cents. Entered as second-class	_ , e

July 20th, 19^5	matter Oct. 1. 1910. at the post-office at New York, N. Y.. under the act of March 3, 1879,	Number 5
2

ADVENTURE

Genuine Diamond Ring

      v A A. I >l.T.r

Marvelous Value

^	Brilliant Blue White Diamond

$3750

Cash or Credit

$10.65

No. 72 — White Gold filled Wrist Watches, cushion C •% .OO
or octagon shapes, 16 jewels, guaranteed 25 years.	A

Only $10.65. Delivered on payment of $1.00, theo	Month

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED Canf| fn|4

OR MONEY REFUNDED OdlH lOf LaiafOf/

 THE OLD RELIABLE ORIG-
 INAL CREDIT JEWELERS

DEPT. B224

Listen in on W. H. T. every
"Friday night from 9 to 10.
Loftis Bros. & Co.’s hour of music.

RADIO FANS-

YOU TOO CAN PLAY THE <£

HAWAIIAN GUITA

 JO ST AS THE HAWAIIAN S DO,

 PLAY ALL Til E LATEST HITS

 ONLY 4 ft*
 MOTIONS

  used in playing
  the fascinating
  Hawaiian Gui-
  tar. Our native
  Hawaiian instruc-
  tors teach you to master them
  quickly. Pictures show how.
  Everything explained clearly.
  PLAT IN HALF HOUR
  After you get the 4 easy mo-
  tions, you can play harmonious
  chords with very little practice.
  40,000 students have learned to
  play in this easy.pleasant way.
  £ AS Y LESSONS

  The 52 printed lessons with a great
  many pictures make it easy to learn
  quickly. You don't have to know
  how to read notes. No previous mus-
  ical knowledge necessary. You
  learn to play any kind of music, and
  pay as you play.

FREE GUITAR

  As a special oPer to new students
  we give this full Bize, high grade in-
  strument free of charge. It is sent
  at once without red tape or delay.

WRITE AT ONCE

  Send your name at once and let us
  tell you all about the 52 easy lesson*
  and the free guitar. You have every-
  thing to gain. Don't put it otf. A
  post card will do. Ask for new spe-
  cial offer and easy terms.

First Hawaiian Conservatory
of Music, Inc.

233 Broadway (Woolworth Bldg.,
Dept. 84, New York. N Y.

    AUTO RUNS
    57 MILES ON
    GAL. of “GAS”

   A new automatic and self-regulating device
 has been invented by John A. Stransky, 534
 Fourth St., Pukwana, South Dakota, with
 which automobiles have made from 35 to 57
 miles on a gallon of gasoline. It removes
 carbon and reduces spark plug trouble and over-
 heating; It can be installed by any one in five
 minutes. Mr. Stransky wants distributors and
 is willing to send a sample at his own risk.
 Write him today.

Sonc Writers/i

 will be paid on songs found suitable for publication.
 Submit your manuscripts for immediate examination.

     EQUITABLE MUSIC CORPORATION
1658T Broadway	New York City

write FOR.	BOOK0* Song Writing

  Greatest Ywoh ,

 Sver Offered j

  •Rtt B*W l»«*»OWU»

INK0GRAPI

 SEXF $150
 FiLLEH H —

 SEN^N^^WHt^am^n^^cT

  MONEY dress plainly. Pay
  ^£ostrran^f]^ji()^|u8^ostagei______

 IO DAYS FREE TRIAL - MONEY BACK IF NOT SATISFIED

                           ________Writes with ink,

                      ee and easy as a lead pencil, actually improves hand-
                      writing. Won’t ekip, blot, scratch, leak or soil hand.

^^^Makes 3 carbon copies with original in ink.

 Il4	style of writing or pressure can bend,

 IrniH	injure or distort it’s gold

I Automatic	h«rd*™hfi£rd<

 IPrevents clogging, no	c hard rubber,

 ■plicated parts to get out of	workman-

  Jorder. Years guarantee certificate

 , assures aj«sfaction _u __	A hard round 14 kt.gold

INKOGRAPH CO., Inc.	point which glides 01

169-2S Center St.. WewYork Ste °	*he coarsest paper.

nsyjagsi

 it.gold I
 s overI

 per- |

 Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.

Corns

  In one minute—or less
  — the pain is gone. The
  soothing medication in
  Dr. Scholl’s Zino-pads
  produces this magic re-
  sult, and at same time
  starts to heal the deeper
  tissues. This thin, anti-
  septic pad removes the
  cause of corns — friction
  and pressure — by pre-
  venting the shoefrom rub-
  bing and irritating the
  sore spot.

  The very idea is scientific. Simple to apply — unfailing in
  their action—cost but a trifle. Get them at your druggist’s
  or shoe dealer's. For Free Sample, address The Scholl Mfg.
  Co., 213 W. Schiller St., Chicago.

For Bunions and

                        Zino-pads come in special
                        sizes for Bunions,Callouses
                        and Tender Spots. Quickly
                        relieves pain, soreness and
                        irritation. Safe, sure, heal-
                        ing. Prevent infection.

  Dl Scholls

'Zino-pads

Put one on—the pain is gone
Published Three Times a Month by The Ridgway Company

J. H. GANNON, President	C. H. HOLMES, Secretary and Treasurer

Spring and Macdougal Streets - - New York, N.Y.

6, Henrietta St., Covent Garden, London, W. C., England

Entered as Second-Class Matter. October 1. 1910, at the	abthitk siti i IV\M r WOFFMA1M RHl.or

Post-Office at New York, N. Y., under the Act of March 3. 1879	ARTHUR SULLIVANT HOFFMAN, Editor

  Yearly Subscription, $6.00 in advance	Single Copy, Twenty-Five Cents

Foreign postage. $3.00 additional. Canadian postage, 90 cents.

    Trade-Mark Registered; Copyright, 1925, by The Ridgway Company in the United States and Great Britain. Entered at

Stationers’ Hall, London. England.

    The editor assumes no risk for manuscripts and illustrations submitted to this magazine, but he will use all due care while

they are in his hands.

Contents for July 20th, 1925, Issue

Lucky Moon A Complete Novelette ...... Everett Saunders	1

      Cow Country—Blake turned Idaho upside down.

Five Pounds per Ton Bonus.......Ralph R. Perry	42

      Sea—Angus MacDermat was a canny engineer.

Cliff Dwellings Verse	S. Omar Barker	49

Dogie ........... Chester T. Crowell	50

      Texas—his horses loved to race.

The Three Traders A Complete Novelette .	. ..	j. Allan Dunn	58

      South Seas—the natives couldn’t bully them.

Boon of the Wilderness.......Michael J. Phillip*	82

      Lumber Camps—the lost man followed the sun.

Yu Duck, Sea Lawyer	Captain Mansfield	93

      San Francisco Bay—not even the captain could understand the Chinese cook.

Slants on Life Looking Back......Bill Adams	100

The Bold Dragoon A Four-Part Story Part II	Leonard H. Nason	101

      France, 1743—“Are you a soldier?” asked the viscount.

 *Occasionally one of our stories will be called an “Off-the-Trail" story, a warning that it is in some way different from the
 usual magazine stories, perhaps a little different, perhaps a good deal. It mav violate a canon of literature or a custom of maga-
 zines, or merely be different from the type usually found in this magazine. The difference may lie in unusual theme, material,
 ending, or manner of telling. No Question of relative merit is involved.

(Continued on next page)

3
(Continued from preceding p .ge)

A Man’s Dog................Alan son Skinner	125

      Indian Country—he was an honored warrior.

Adventure Verse........Harold Willard Gleason	129

A Fifteen-Cent Meal........Raymond S. Spears	130

      West—ten years of hard labor for an appetite.

The Treasure of Mulai El-Hassan A Complete Novelette . George E. Holt	137

      Morocco—Mohamed Ali 'turns beggar.

The Camp-Fire A free-to-all meeting-place for readers, writers and adventurers ....	175

Camp-Fire Stations..............i8i

Old Songs That Men Have Sung............183

Various Practical Services Free to Any Reader.........183

Ask Adventure...........................184

      A free question and answer service bureau of information on outdoor life and activities every-
      where. Comprising seventy geographical sub-divisions, with special sections on Radio,
      Mining and Prospecting, Weapons, Fishing, Forestry, Aviation, Army Matters, North American
      Anthropology, Health on the Trail, Railroading, Herpetology and Entomology.

Lost Trails..................191

The Trail Ahead...............192

Headings	.	..........John R. Neill

Cover Design........................H. L. Murphy

   One Complete Novel and One
   Complete Novelette

WHEN Slim Evans found a telegram from Malcolm
Cary in his letter-box he took a little airplane trip
to Hastings to give the gushers the once-over. The
gushers were the same as ever, but his old-time enemies were
not., “WELLS, WELLS, WELLS!” is a complete novelette
of the oil fields, by Thomson Burtis, in the next issue.

THE youthful spirit of revolt brought Edmond Chaplel to
prison. Then came military service in Algeria and the
opportunity to clear his name. But Fate is not kind to ex-
convicts, and the grim shadow of the prison fell on him once
again. “KNAVES OF SPADES,” a complete novel by
Thomson burtis	Georges Surdez, is in the next issue.

Other stories in the next issue are forecast on the last page of this one

Adventure is out on the 10th, 20th and 30th of each month

4
ADVENTURE

Revolutionary plan
to save money

  for every motorist in America

You can now buy a genuine
Prest-O-Lite Battery for your
car at an actual saving of 25%.

This sweeping reduction is a
real victory over costly cus-
toms of distribution. Prest-O-
Lite has definitely proved that
extra profits in selling high-
quality storage batteries can
be eliminated.

Instead of distributing bat-
teries from our factories —
first to jobbers—then jobbers
to distributors—then distribu-
tors to dealers — and finally
dealers to you, we are now
selling Prest-O-Lite Batteries
through retailers directly to
you. The price is based on
only one step between the
factory and the car owner.

Battery production costs are
no lower. This saving is
effected without the slightest
reduction in quality or

without affecting, in Save

any way, the guaran-	EfOf

tee or service that is

 back of every Prest-O-Lite
 Battery.

  This means that you can
buy today one of our most
popular types for $15.50. This
is a reduction of 25%, as this
very same standard Prest-O-
Lite Battery under the old
plan cost $20.50. Other types
can be purchased at similar
reductions.

   Prest - O - Lite now gives
 everyone the opportunity to
 have the best battery and ser-
 vice at a remarkably low price.

   There is a Prest-O-Lite Ser-
 vice Station near you. Take
 advantage of its “Friendly
 Service,” no matter what make
 of battery you may have. And
 when you do need a new bat-
 tery, save at least 25% and get
 real quality, long life and ser-
 vice by buying a Prest-O-Lite.
 The Prest-O-Lite Co., Inc.

                 INDIANAPOLIS, IND.

New York	San Francisco

              In Canada: Prest-O-Lite Co. of
              Canada, Ltd., Toronto, Ontario

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer
6

ADVENTURE

For a Real pai
nothing is e
a good B

   m

 Send for
 Illustrated
 Literature

Regardless of the claims

made for paint spraying de-
vices, Brushes are still the tools
of Better Painting.

Wherever long life! fine appear-
ance and lasting protection
are more desirable than a pos-
sible small saving in first cost,
Brushes must be used.

And remember this—•

Whiting’s Celebrated Brushes
Adams Superior Brushes
have been preferred by Master
Painters for more than one hun-
dred years.

  WHITING -ADAMS

     BOSTON

 Brush Manufacturers for over 117 years and the largest in the World

Ka railway

TRAFFIC INSPECTOR

Earn Up to $250

Fascinating profession demands more trained men. Pleas-
ant. easy work; good chances for advancement. Travel or
remain near home; report to high railway officials.

We Secure Position For You

 upon graduation, paying at least SI 10 per month and ex-
 penses, or refund your money. You can easily prepare
 in 3 months’ spare time home study. Send coupon today.

6---MAIL TODAY----

 / Standard Business Training Inst.,

Buffalo. N. Y.

 Send me, entirely free. Booklet No.

 D-89 givinqr full na-t*culars about
 course in Railway Traffic Inspection.

A (7 mr

SONG POEM WRITERS

Send for my proposition now
RAY HIBBELER, D36, 4040 Dickens Ave„ CHICAGO

RIO MflNFY AND FAST SALES. Every
IVlWllEi 1 Owner Buys Gold Initials for
his auto. You charge $1.50, make $1.35. Ten orders daily easy.
Write for particulars and free samples.

AMERICAN MONOGRAM CO., Dept. 85, East Orange, N. I.

Could He Marry?

  Time and time again he had almost
popped the question, but each time
something held him back. He dared
not tell her the real reason that kept
them from being married.

  Ever since his first job, he had never
had enough money. Those little lux-
uries that make life worth while, had
never been his. Now at twenty-eight
he was engaged. How long would it
be before he could marry, he didn’t
know. Not for at least three years
anyway.

  And then he heard of the Extra-
Money Club. In three months he
was married and his money problem
was a thing of the past.

  Let us tell you of this wonderful
money-making plan. No experience
or expense is involved. Simply clip the
coupon below and mail it to us to-day.
Let us solve your money problem.

Extra-Money Club,

Staff Agencies Division,

Box 5016, Butterick Bldg.,

New York City, N. Y.

  Please tell me how I can solve my money problem.

Name............................................................................

Street ............................................................................

City......................................... State...........................

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
ADVENTURE

7

 For Vacation

and All-around Summer Use
an

FRECKLES

Sun and Wind Bring Out Ugly Spots.

How to Remove Easily

Here’s a chance, Miss Freckleface, to try a remedy
for freckles with the guarantee of a reliable concern
that it will not cost you a penny unless it removes the
freckles; while if it does give you a clear complexion
the expense is trifling.

Simply get an ounce of Othine—double strength —
from any drug or department store and a few applica-
tions should show you how easy it is to rid yourself of
the homely freckles and get a beautiful complexion.
Rarely is more than one ounce needed for the worst case.

Be sure to ask for the double strength Othine, as this
strength is sold under guarantee of money back if it
fails to remove your freckles.

We recommend Othine Complexion Soap for use
with Othine, also as a shampoo—it’s wonderful for
bobbed hair—25c a cake at all drug or department stores
or by mail. Othine Laboratories, Inc., Buffalo, N. Y.

Present Position .
Address..............

A Profitable Business
of Your Own!

               Be independent. Make and sell this
               new candy novelty. Goes like hot
               cakes. Everybody wants it. Big
               quick profits! Many make $100 a
               day. (Letters prove this. Our files are
               full of amazing testimonials.) Noth-
               ing: like it. Sells everywhere. Small
               investment. No help needed. Work
               dignified, easy and clean. Get all
               information. Send name, address to
               *. T. DIETZ, 71 Sayso Bldg., Toledo, O.

     AN Ingersoll costs little
   and keeps dependa-
   ble time. Why risk your
   expensive watch?

n-75 to m-00

Flint Lock Pistols

for use or deco-
ration. Brass
rimmed, in
working order, with
flint, $6.85 each. Large stock antique pistols,
guns, swords, spears, armor, navy lamps, etc.
New Catalog-, 1925, 60th Anniversary Issue. 372 pages,
fully illustrated, contains pictures and historical information of all
American muskets and pistols, including Colts, since 1775, with
all World War guns. Mailed 50 cents. Established 1865.

FRANCIS BANNERMAN SONS SOI Broadway, New York City

Doubles Salary

His Profits—5000%!

Why Accountancy Training Pays

“I say without boasting, and simply as a statement of
fact,” writes E. G. Wilhelm, a Pennsylvania man, “that I
have earned more than fifty times the cost of my LaSalle
training, in special accounting work, since taking it up; and
in addition, my regular income, or salary, has increased
approximately 125 per cent.’* —Not an unusual report from
a LaSalle-trained man. During only three months’ time, as
many as 1,193 LaSalle members reported definite salary-in-
creases totalling $1,248,526, an average increase per man of
89 per cent. Promotion is the rule—not the exception.

Are you—like Wilhelm—pursuing a well-organized plan to
double—triple—quadruple your salary? Or are you relying
for advancement upon business knowledge picked up thru
day-to-day experience—casual reading—haphazard methods
of study? If a successful career is worth a 2c stamp and two
minutes of your time, check the field of advancement that
appeals to you, fill in your name and address, and place the
coupon in the mail TODAY.

LaSALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY

The World's Largest Business Training Institution
Dept. 7367-HR	Chicago, Illinois

Pleasetellme about your salary-doubling plan as applied
to my advancement in the business field checked below. Send
also copy of “Ten Years’ Promotion in One,” all without
obligation.	DHigher Accountancy

□	Business Management □ Modern Business Corre-
ct Modern Salesmanship	spondence and Practice

□	Traffic Management	□ Modern Foremanship

□	Railway Station Manage- “nd Production Method.

   t	□ Personnel and Employ-
n> „ ... „ ment Management

□	Law-Degree of LL.B.	n	Bookkeeping

□	Commercial Law	QBusinea. English

□	Industr.al Management	DCommercial Spani.h

Eff.c.ency	□ Effective Speaking

□	Banking and Finance Qc p A Coaching

Name........................................................1.........—

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
8

ADVENTURE

What can soap do for your skin?

The scientific basis
for the use of
SOAP

 The following set of prin-
 ciples has been endorsed
 by 1169 physicians of high-
 est standing and is offered
 as an authoritative guide to
 women in their use of soap
 for the skin:

 1	The function of soap for
  the skin is to cleanse, not
  to cure or transform.

 2	Soap performs a very
 useful function for nor-
 mal skins by keeping the
 skin clean.

 3	If there is any disease of
  the skin which soap irri-
  tates, a physician should
  be seen.

 4	To be suitable forgeneral
  daily use, a soap should
  bepure, mild ana neutral.

 5	If the medicinal content
  of a soap is sufficient to
  have an effect upon the
  skin, the soap should be
  usea only upon the ad-
  vice of a physician.

 6	In all cases of real trou-
  ble, a physician’s advice
  should be obtained be-
  fore treatment is at-
  tempted.

NEW!- g

 The specialist’s answer is simple

TPHE scientist — the derma-
tologist, the reputable
physician, the chemist—is the
only authority worth listening
to on the care of your skin,
whether he is talking about
cosmetics or treatments

or

soap.

   Soap, for instance, is an ex-
ceedingly important factor in
the care of your skin. Medical
authorities say you can’t get
hygienically clean without it.

  On the other hand, these
same authorities will tell you
that soap cannot cure your
skin, nor “nourish" it, nor

render it beautiful except as it
makes it clean—choose your
soap, not to achieve miracles,
but to cleanse your skin safely.

 When you buy soap for
your complexion, buy a pure,
mild, neutral soap. If you
choose Ivory, you have as fine
a soap as can be made, regard-
less of price. Ivory is pure,
gentle, safe. It contains no
medicaments or coloring
matter or strong perfume. It
renders with fine distinction
every service you can get from
any soap.

Procter & Gamble

IVORY SOAP

 99 iVo % Pure

 It Floats

Quest IVORY 5?

 Copyright 1925 Procter* Gamble, Cincinnati

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
“How did he ever get the money to buy a car

       Perhaps he doesn't make as much as you do—but he took
       advantage of this quick, easy, sure way to own an automobile

                   More than 165,000 families — in all walks of
                   life—have taken advantage of “The Ford Plan”
                   to own an automobile. Let us tell you about it.

  Every family—with even the most modest in-
  come, can now afford a car of their own. This
  Ford Plan makes it possible.

  You accomplish something when you own an
  automobile—give yourself more earning power
  —economize your time—travel more, see more,
  do more, enjoy more—get more out of life for
  yourself and family—bring pleasure to others.
  Buying a Ford means making a sound invest-
  ment. An investment that yields increased earn-
  ings and pleasures, broadens your vision—moves
  you just that much farther on the road to success.
  Our new book “The Ford Plan” tells you exactly
  what you want to know—“How to own an auto-
  mobile—how to make your income do more for
  you—how to enjoy life more.”

  Every family should have their own car. Why
  be pushed and jammed in crowded conveyances

IT IS EASY TO OWN A CAR BY USING THIS PLAN

when you can easily and economically go and
come in your own automobile? Why stay home
on pleasant afternoons when you and the family
should be enjoying nature’s beauty outdoors?
You live but once and the years roll by quickly.
Why wait for tomorrow for things
that you rightfully should enjoy
today? Get our book N OW. Don’t
wish for a car any longer. We’ll
show you how easy it is to own
your own car. Mail the Coupon
Today. This book will be sent
by return mail.

COUPON

  FORD MOTOR COMPANY
  Dept. F-2., Detroit, Michigan

   Please send me your book, “The Ford Plan*’ which
   fully explains your easy plan lor owning an automobile.

Name---——

R. F. D. Box or St. & No---- —-

T own_State--
       <tHiin..c\ rispy.. sugar shells “stujt
       with pure..luscious fruit-Jams..
       ..nuts anc{ Marmalades!......

^HESE are the original “Stuft” confections. Crispy, tempting
            Diana “Stuft” Confections have gained millions of admirers and
            — _ an imitator or two. Each sugar shell is stuffed full of our own
            fruit-jams, marmalades and imported nuts. For almost 50 years we have
            made the 1200 Bunte candies according to the Bunte Golden Quality
            Creed—always remembering that they are something to eat
            The better stores everywhere carry Diana “Stuft.” Be sure. Look for
            the Bunte trademark name on the 2/4-, 4-, 9- and 16-ounce purity jar, or
            the tidy tin holding 2, 3 or 5 pounds. Each package contains twenty-
            one varieties of candy. Keep some on hand at home. The packages are
            air-tight. The candy remains fresh indefinitely.

          BUNTE BROTHERS, Est. 1876, World-Famous Candies, Chicago

DIANA “STUFT’'

 Confections
J®1« 2o

4^23

'Vbltm

Author of “The Way of a Horse and a Man," “News from God’s Country.”

WiHEN the sun was about a hand’s
span above the Seven Devils in
the west, Blake Moody and Hank
—i. ii. .mi Fairless rode down to Tom Mc-
Alister’s Skull Creek ranch. Their horses,
Blake’s blaze-faced, stocking-legged bay
and Hank’s gray, were lean and hard from
the weeks on a trail that stretched with
many devious turnings from New Mexico
to Idaho. Hank was returning to his old
“stomping ground.” Blake, who had never
before ridden so far north, had come over
the mountains like the classical bear to see
what he could see.

  There was mild activity at the ranch. A
band of loose horses, palpably unbroken
ones, were bunched at the far side of a cor-
ral. There were saddle horses with trailing
reins and a few men by the corral gate.

  “So that’s the kind of mustang you breed
in Idaho?” Blake observed. It was sig-
nificant that in his swift glance over the
scene, which had taken in horses, men and
the plan of buildings and corrals, the fact

   “Lucky Moon” copyright, 1925, by Everett Saunders.

that the horses were young Percherons
should have impressed him. Always he in-
stinctively appraised animals from gen-
eral and individual characteristics to marks
and brands.

  “I suppose them colts is Israel Brown’s,”
Hank said. “Yes, there he is talkin’ to
Tom McAlister. He owns the I-S outfit on
Squaw Crick. Wonder what the ol’ duf-
fer’s doin’ with his colts up here.

  “Before I left here he had brung in some
mares an’ a stallion or two. He said he was
tired of seein’ ten dollar fuzz-tails eat up all
the bunch grass. If a man is goin’ to raise
horses, Is says, he might as well raise
horses. He’s a purty long-headed, ol’
Israel. Let him look at a bunch uh steers
with the latest quotations in his head an’
he’ll tell you in three cents uh what they’re
worth.”

  “And yet,” said Blake, “if some sticky-fin-
gered hombre was to run ’em off the range,
it’s a safe bet he’d pick a bullet-headed,
snake-eyed cross between bob wire and
wildcat to ride after ’em. And the fuzz-tail
would cover four miles of trail to their two.”

  Hank manipulated a latch with a boot toe

Copyright, 1925, by The Ridgway Company in the United States and Great Britain. All rights reserved.

1
Adventure

and kicked open a swinging gate. He was
greeted loudly as they approached the group
by the corral.

  “Well, if it ain’t Hank Fairless back
again!” exclaimed a youth in bespangled
chaps. “Must have found some tough
country in your travels to come back
here. What’d you see that was new,
anyhow?”

“Well,” said Fairless slowly, “right in the
middle uh December, when the snow should
uh been neck deep to a tall Indian, I seen the
ground so hot the sand swifts was stoppin’
ever’ three yards to spit on their feet. An’
1 seen-”

  “That’ll do, Hank.” McAlister, the
owner, came forward. “That’s about all
we can stand to oncet. Sorry they wasn’t
able to change you some fer the better down
there. But I’m right glad to see you, any-
how.”

  It was as though Fairless had been gone
only seven days. He knew them all: Rob
White, the youth who had first spoken;
Israel Brown of the IS ranch, middle aged,
red faced, with an air of solid prosperity
that was not misleading—he owned much
land and many cattle.

  There was Dick Young, handsome, lean
faced and self-assured, who had inherited a
comfortable fortune in land and not a few
cattle wearing the Bar Y brand. His man-
ner indicated that he had clean forgotten
that another man than himself had accu-
mulated the wealth. He rode a black
leather saddle heavy with silver mounting
on a proud dappled gray horse. His spade
bit was of massive silver as were the con-
chas on his chaps.

  There were Harry Satory and Carl Mo-
dell, McAlister’s year-round men, who were
top cow hands.

  Brown, on a deal with Young for some
young Shorthorn bulls, had been looking
over the Bar Y cattle which were ranged
south of Skull Creek. There he had un-
expectedly run across a band of his Per-
cherons. They had corraled the horses at
the Skull Creek ranch, and McAlister had
agreed to send them back to their range
next day. Rob White had been riding
for Young.

  “This man with me, fellers,” said Hank
by way of introduction, “calls himself
Blake Moody. He’s a cowpuncher, an’
when I say cowpuncher, I mean just that.
He’s Texas, Arizony an’ New Mexico breed.

You notice he rides a double-rig saddle with
a hard twist rope tied fast—which last I
don’t care to imitate, not on this rough
range.

  “If you’ve got any doubts about this
hombre bein’ a puncher, just bring out any
limber-backed, head-fightin’, man-eatin’,
buckin’, strikin’, kickin’, can’t-be-rode mus-
tang you got an’ watch Blake top him off.
Things like them in there,” he contemptu-
ously indicated the young pure-breds in the
corral, “just strap a big piece uh plate glass
flat on their backs an’ stand him up on it
with a pair uh skates.”

  “Ye-a!” Brown roused in defense of his
stock. “That’s all you horse-killers think
about. ‘Whoop-pe! Ride ’em an’ scratch
’em both ways from the cinch!’ Them colts
ain’t saddle horses, if I’ve got to tell you.
Inside a year they’ll fetch me two hundred
apiece.”

  “That is,” Hank interposed, “if they
don’t fetch somebody else a hundred an’
fifty in the meantime.”

  “Which proves I ain’t the only one they
look good to. As I was tellin’ Tom jest
now, it’s danged funny to me the way they
ramble around. Six days ago they was on
their Squaw Crick range. Today I find ’em
up towards the head uh Skull Crick. If
ever I ketch anybody chasin’ them colts
around, an’ I happen to be packin’ a gun,
that feller’s goin’ to think he’s been teasin’
a nest of bald hornets!”

        “WELL, anyhow,” said Hank,
“it’s a sagebrush cinch I ain’t as
i much of a horse-killer as I might
be. 01’ Deuteronomy ain’t dead
yet, an’ he’s just finished a trip from close
to the Border. Besides, we chased cows off
an’ on up the line an’ run mustangs awhile
in Nevada.”

  “When Hank talks for me,” said Blake
with serious mien, “it ain’t any sign he’s
got my permission. Knowing him, you
won’t expect me to live up to any reputa-
tion he might give me. I did ride for a one-
horse outfit for a couple weeks once and sort
of liked the work. Now I’m looking for a
job. Hank said maybe there’d be one
here.”

  McAlister assured them there would be
shortly. The Fall roundup was to begin in
a few days. Meanwhile they could stick
round and start a few broncs or something
till the work began.
Lucky Moon

3

  At the supper table the irrepressible
 Hank went on talking.

 “Since me an’ this sidekick uh mine may
 be around here for some time, it’s only fair
 for you to be warned about him so you can
 pertect yourselves. He’s square, but he’s

*°\

  .«i,

 Cf# \ Hitchcock basin

•t ft Miam

K5?» 0

M'ALlSTCftS

TEq_^ RAMCH
TAYLOR'S
f(AHCH

 fiW £1a Y°yN<3’s

 afflicted with misbecomin’ convictions about
 new moons. When Blake gits his lamps on
 the new moon across his right shoulder he
 swears that for the next thirty days he can’t
 be outrun, throwed down or bucked off. On
 a bronc he scratches with both feet, an’
 his low hands in poker is full houses an’ four
 of a kind.

   “You may think I’m kiddin’ you, but I
ain’t.” Hank had his knife, loaded to the
hilt, poised halfway between his plate and
his mouth. “It was called to my notice
one evenin’ just after we had crossed the
Nevada line. The sun had went down an’
the sky was dusky. Our general direction
was north, mind you. If the trail hadn’t
bent south around the point of a ridge,
we’d uh been ruined, because just then
Blake happened to look across his right
shoulder an’ seen the new moon over by
Calif orny.

   “I shiver yet to think what’d happened
if ol’ Nib’s nose had been pointed north.
After that we always et when we was hun-
gry, if we had any place to mooch or buy
grub or any jack-”

   “Try the sword-swallowing act with that
 knife, Hank,” Blake interrupted with utter
 lack of appreciation of the monologue.
 “The cargo of grub on it is getting
 cold.”

   “I’ve noticed,” he went on to the others,
 “that the only times anybody would mistake
 Hank for anything but an escaped inmate
 of a ’sane assylum is when he’s got his

 mouth crammed so full of grub or the
 neck of a whisky bottle he can’t make a
 sound.”

   “Yes, go on an’ finish your supper,
 Hank,” said Satory. “We ’predate the
 warnin’, but I figger we can take a chance
 with a run of luck thirty days long. I don’t
 believe there is any such animal.”

   “You’ll see,” Hank said. “I ain’t kiddin’
 you, that’s a sagebrush cinch.”

   “I reckon there’s nobody but what knows
 there’s something in luck,” said Blake. “I
 ain’t superstitious, though you might think
 so if you didn’t know Hank and the freedom
 he takes with the truth. But I’ve got this to
 say: The most glaring example of luck on
 earth is this same Hank Fairless. If I talked
 as much as he does, all the new moons in
 the sky—and there may be a pile of ’em off
 among the stars from what I hear—couldn’t
 keep me from getting stitched from my
 Adam’s apple to my belt inside six days.”

   “Ain’t that the truth!” said Modell.
 “When he left here for the south that time,
 I’d have bet my new chaps ag’in the hole in
 a doughnut he’d never survive his first
 meetin’ with a gang of strangers.”

   Hank had made a jest of something in
 which Blake was more than three-fourths
 serious. According to his own statement,
 he wasn’t in the least superstitious. He
 didn’t believe in ghosts that prowled around
 dragging clanking chains; but he did have
 a feeling that could hardly be called a belief,
 a feeling rooted deeper than reason, judg-
 ment or any conscious thought-process,
 that when he got his first glimpse of the
 new moon over his right shoulder, then for
 the next twenty-eight days all things were
 essentially right for Blake Moody.

  To his own undoing he had once in
 an unguarded moment mentioned this to
 Hank.

   Three months back, when the remuda had
 been turned loose at the Diamond outfit in
 New Mexico and he and Hank confronted
 by the necessity of seeking other employ-
 ment, he had let a flipped coin decide for
 him whether he should go to Idaho with
 Hank or accept a flattering offer from a
 man high in the employ of a big cattle out-
 fit operating in South America to go to
 Argentina. Hank didn’t want any South
 America in his. The old U. S. A. was
 plenty good enough for him. Blake spun
 the coin, heads north, tails south, and heads
 came up.
4

Adventure

           II

THE cook shack at Skull Creek
ranch was set on the north side
of a driveway. The bunkhouse
was directly opposite it on the
south. A beaten path lay between the two
buildings. The boys finished the meal and
filed along the path by ones and twos.

  The sun had just set. There had been a
magnificent play of color in the sky, crossing
the zenith and spraying clouds with crimson
down to the very horizon in the east. Now
it was darkling, the brilliance going out
swiftly.

  Blake, who had not looked into an
almanac in months, who never made an
effort to remember the dates of the moon’s
changes, was looking into the gorgeous west.
Out of the sky, as if conjured by magic, where
it had swum concealed by light, appeared
the moon in its first quarter, juvenescent,
riding downward on the heels of the sun. It
was a thin curved sliver of veritable silver
above the silhouette of the saw-toothed
Seven Devils.

  Oblivious to his surroundings, uplifted
by the beauty of the sky, Blake looked
across the quarter million miles of space
and read a promise of good luck in the
omen. He was jerked rudely back to
reality.

  “What’d I tell you!” Hank yelled tri-
umphantly. “01’ Blake’s goin’ true to
form. You’ll find out I wasn’t kiddin’ you
before you’re a week older.

  “But you’ll have to pull luck for both of
us, Blake. Just after I come out the door
I was weavin’ around watchin’ that dad
blamed bull bat swoop hither an’ yon an’
cut his monkey shines up there, an’ I seen
the moon straight down my left shoulder.”

  They assembled in the bunkhouse. Hank
threw himself, groaning luxuriously upon a
bunk.

  “I only hope the cornin’ hard luck don’t
hit me soon enough to keep me from tearin’
off forty or fifty good winks tonight. I’m
sure weary.”

  “There’s all kinds of chances for you
to cash in on this moon, Blake.” Satory
laughed as he rummaged among the tobacco
cans on a shelf for a deck of cards. “The
annual rodeo is bein’ pulled off at Maverick
before long. They’s big prizes offered for
the bronc ridin’, bulldoggin’, ropin’ an’ bull
ridin’ contests, a swell silver-mounted saddle

an’ lots of good hard coin. If it’s a fact you
go in for forkin’ mean broncs, an’ luck is
with you, it might pay you to ride over
there.

  “But I don’t suppose Hank was doin’
nothin’ but run off at the face. For my part
I never could see as it payed to go up ag’in
the perfessional riders that foller the rodeos,
the fixed judges an’ so forth. The local
boys has sure got to do the fancy cowboyin’
to stand a chance for the money.”

  “Say!” Hank roared, rolling out of the
bunk. “I’ve took about enough disrespect
from you imitation cow hands. Runnin’ off
at the face! I never told a thing in my
life that a preacher wouldn’t back up with
his hand on a stack uh Bibles a mile high.

  “But I’ve bragged on that unappreciatin’
Blake Moody for the last time. I’ll never
say nothin’ in his favor ag’in if I five six
hundred years, except this: he’s the niftiest
little rider that ever dumb over a saddlin’
chute to git aboard a locoed bronc. An’ if
you don’t believe it, just wait till I’ve earn’t
a little money to gamble with an’ I’ll take
all your wages away from you.”

  “Don’t go back to bed yet,” Satory said.
“It’s a long time till mornin’. Pull up
that chair an’ I’ll shoot you a little game of
seven-up.”

  “Be sociable and make it penny ante,”
Rob White suggested. He was a handsome
youth who affected a manner of studied
nonchalance. He was wide between the
eyes, and his mouth and jaws suggested the
possibility of hardening into strength of
character.

  “Gimme them cards!” Hank scooped
them up and began shuffling. “Draw or
stud? I vote for stud an’ hereby deal the
first hand,” he said without waiting for an
answer.

  “I like stud. It’s fast. I can lose my few
pennies quicker an’ git back to my much-
needed rest.”

  “Yes, you must get a good long rest to-
night,” Rob drawled. “You’ll want to go
to Jim Taylor’s barn dance tomorrow night.
We know how you love to dance.”

  “Ye-a!” Hank snarled. “Love to dance!
The last time I tried to dance I got myself
blame nigh laid up for a week. Them other
dancers wasn’t satisfied just to step on my
toes. They even walked on my knees.”
The game had been going on for half an
hour when McAlister with Brown and
Young came in. McAlister outlined the
Lucky Moon

5

next day’s work. Blake and Hank were to
ride to the Clear Creek shed and bring over
some horses for the cawy. Satory and
Modell were to help White put Brown’s
horses back on their Squaw Creek range.

  Brown and Young were ready to start
home, but Israel’s eyes were caught by the
movement of cards and chips. Poker was
his one weakness. The bent of mind that
so dfcew him to the game, turned in another
direction had been one of the factors in his
success. In his business he had always been
willing to take a long chance, expand his
holdings on a shoestring, in the face of des-
perate odds bluff with nothing in the hole.
His wisdom had been sufficient to prevent
over-indulgence in literal poker games.

“IF THIS ain’t too steep, I’d
like to git in fer a few minutes,”
he said. “Want to let my sup-
per di-gest a little before I start,
anyhow.”

  “Purty steep, Is,” Hank told him. “The
whites are one cent. The reds are one cent.
The blues are one red cent per each. Can
you stand it?”

  “I’ll try it a whirl. Hate to take a chance
on cripplin’ myself, though. A man ortent
to resk losin’ more’n he can afford to.”

  He pulled out a long leather sack, emptied
a handful of coins on the table and bought a
stack with a quarter. Young followed suit.

  The character of the game changed
swiftly. The original players immediately
felt the weight of money. They had tacitly
accepted a low limit in the betting; but
Young began backing his cards more
heavily. Hank allowed himself to be bluffed
out of a pot. He pushed back his chair.

  “Can’t play ag’inst money with chicken-
feed. I’ll just let Blake hold up my end.”
Blake kept his chair. He and Israel
Brown, allowing for the difference thirty
years of living always make, had character-
istics in common. Once in a game, be the
stakes high or low, his urge was to go all the
way through. As the betting stiffened, his
concentration intensified. He ceased bandy-
ing jokes. He tilted his hat forward until
the brim shaded his eyes. His money low,
in the beginning he played with extreme
caution, waiting for high cards on the first
turns. Time after time, refusing to ante,
he pushed his first two cards to the center of
the table.

  Rob White, playing like the callow youth

he was, quickly ran his money out in drib-
lets while the betting between Young and
Brown went higher and higher.

  The deal had come to Rob. He turned
all his pockets inside out elaborately, laid
tobacco, cigaret papers, matches, pocket
knife and handkerchief before him. Then
he set his last few counters and small coins
in the center and began shuffling.

  “This is my last one,” he explained un-
necessarily, “unless I drew something
higher’n a pair of deuces. Anyhow, I don’t
see the good in playing ’em all against my
belly.” His reference was palpably to
Blake. “Might as well get it over with, if
I can’t have any luck. Looks like the new
moon Hank was telling us about is taking a
vacation.”

  Blake raised a pair of disconcerting eyes.

  “You heard Hank talking. When you
hear me talk about luck you’ll be told that
pure luck is two-thirds brains. Some people
just naturally can’t have any luck.”

  “If you was awful careful to spend all
your time in good company, Rob,” Hank
put in, “you might develop enough brains to
recognize a good poker player when you see
one.”

  “I’ll stay out of your company then, all I
can,” the youth retaliated, half angry.

  He was not succeeding in dealing himself
anything worth while; but a pair of sevens
back to back had fallen to Blake, and he
was moving in. He continued to stay,
paying heavily for the privilege. When the
last card was turned, all his money was
in the pot. He had two pairs, eights and
sevens, in sight and a third seven in the hole.
Brown had three kings and Young two large
pairs. Each had had Blake beaten up to
the last turn, and each had backed his hand.

  “AhJ” Hank breathed, as Blake drew in
the fat pot. “Now we’re startin’ to go!”

  With a wider margin to play in, Blake
loosened up. The pile of bills and coins
before him grew steadily.

  “Did you say this friend o’ your’n was a
cow hand or a tinhorn?” Brown asked of
Hank as he fished a check book from an
inside pocket. The few minutes he had
allowed himself in the beginning were now
long past. He had wholly forgotten such
things as di-gesting suppers. He was
thralled by the game, losing money, half
angry and enjoying himself.

  “I said cowpuncher,” Hank exulted.
“You’re now gittin’ the experience uh
6

Adventure

playin’ poker with an amachure what’s in
luck. Did somebody try to kid me about
the new moon a while ago or no? Huh?”

  “Luck! Blatherashun. Have you got
a new deck o’ cards around here? These
have got grease spots an’ finger prints all
over ’em.”

  Blake’s head came up with a snap.'

  “The boys was playing with these paste-
boards,” he drawled. “I was invited in the
game. Without going into details, I’d say
you’ve got as good a chance to read these
marks as I have. You put on as many as
I did.”

  “I didn’t mean that,” Brown growled.
“But look at the dog ears on that ace o’
hearts.”

  “I seen it. You noticed I didn’t bet it
the two times I had it buried.”

  Satory had dragged a suit case from un-
der a bunk. From a tangle consisting of
a loud and wrinkled silk shirt, a blue silk
muffler, and a pair of cotton drawers, he
brought out a new deck with the seal un-
broken. He thumped it down upon the
table.

  “You can have real service in Carly
Monto, gents,” he told them.

  The new deck made no change in Blake’s
spectacular drawing. All that counted on
that evening were the numbers of hearts,
clubs, spades or diamonds printed on the
faces of the cards. At the end of three hours
Brown and Young had each drawn several
sizable checks.

  Blake had won the price of several good
young Percherons and Shorthorn bulls, the
equivalent of the earnings of many months
at fifty dollars.

Ill

         THE sun had not yet risen from
behind the shoulder of Mt. Mini-
doka when Blake and Hank
swung into their saddles. They
helped Satory, Modell and White start
Brown’s Percheron colts northward along
the road to the I-S; then they turned toward
the mountain, crossed the low divide be-
tween Skull and Clear Creeks and took a
steep, rutty, dim and crooked road up the
creek bottom.

  The thorn and service-berry bushes were
full of ripe fruit in purple clusters. Where
the canon broke from the higher hills lay a
small down-at-heel ranch.

  There was a jumble of dilapidated log
shacks, small barns, sheds, and chicken
coops with leaky roofs and wide cracks,
unchinked, between the logs. There were
corrals with staggering fences and a hun-
dred acres of gently sloping, alluvial delta
that was cultivated after a haphazard
fashion. Except for a thin thread of smoke
from the chimney, the place seemed de-
serted.

  “Who tends bar up here?” asked Blake.

  “Tom Harris. 01’ Tom’s a bum house-
keeper. He’s a bum rancher, too, as you
may notice; but it used to be a sight to
see him jackknife his old carkiss in a chair,
hook his chin on a fiddle an’ scrape out
‘Buffalo Gals,’ meanwhile poundin’ the floor
with his right heel. He’s a artist with a fid-
dle or at callin’ a quadrille.

  “Israel Brown says if Tom’d took half
as much interest tendin’ to his business as
he done scrapin’ a fiddle, he would uh been
a millionaire. Like as not he’s right. A
man gits good at the thing he likes. But
it’s sure tough for the old feller to live way
up here all alone by himself, with only a
two-gallon jug uh snake-bite remedy he gen-
erally keeps for company. If we wasn’t so
conscientious about earnin’ our wages, we’d
go in an’ chew the fat with him awhile.

  “Come to think of it, I bel’eve it’s our
duty.”

  They rode down to the log cabin. There
was a crumbling stick-and-mud chimney in
the rear and a lean-to shed on one side.
Harris himself met them at the door.

  To use his own phrase, Harris had
growed most of his growin’ endways. He
was six feet one inch tall and very narrow.
His vest swung open over a flannel shirt
that had several buttons missing. His over-
alls hung in folds. He had to “git his
pants a mite too big around to git the right
len’th.”

  His leathery face wrinkled into a grin at
sight of Hank.

  “Didn’t never expect to see you ag’in,”
he said.

  “How’re you, Tom, anyhow!” Hank
cried, wringing his hand. “How’s ever’
little thing? Suppose you’re goin’ to take
in Taylor’s barn dance tonight?”

  “I aimed to,” said Harris sadly, “but my
hosses dumb out through the fence day
afore yistidy, an’ the cussed rheumatics has
got my laigs jimmed up so I can’t scarcely
walk. Can’t go after ’em handy. I’d shore
Lucky Moon

7

like to, but I reckon I won’t be able to git
down thar.”

  “You’re talkin’ like an old man,” Hank
reproved. “Never heard you cussin’ rheu-
matics before, an’ I never knowed you to
miss a dance in forty miles.”

  “I am an old man,” said Tom. “I ain’t
good fer nothin’ no more. Rheumatics has
been cornin’ on me gradual fer years. Here
lately they’re gittin’ the best of me. A
danged dentist that pulled a tooth fer me
five year ago said my teeth was the cause
of it. He wanted to pull ’em all an’ make a
set of false ones. After my money!

  “First chance I git, I’m goin’ to sell out
the ranch an’ move down to Riggin. I want
a little seegar store to keep up expenses an’
give me a chance to take it easy.

  “Come in an’ set down. You might as
well chaw the rag with me awhile.”

  They entered the cabin. Bags hung from
smoky rafters. Unwashed tin dishes and
pound tobacco tins littered the table. Dust
was deep on the floor, and one glimpse of
the grimy stove would have sent a woman
into hysterical tears. The only cared-for
articles in sight were two well-oiled rifles
resting across the prongs of a set of five-
point antlers nailed to the wall.

  “Find cheers,” Tom told them, lowering
himself with solicitude for stiff joints into
the nearest.

  “Nope. I ain’t good fer nothin’ no more,”
he repeated. “Can’t ranch to do any good.
A cow seldom brings me in more’n one calf
a year. Better let me sell out to you. Young
fellers like you could shore make things hum.
I’ve got a good layout here.”

  “Fat chance uh me buyin’ a ranch,”
Hank laughed. “I didn’t have much
more’n enough to buy a pair uh wrasslin’
trunks for a grasshopper when I hit the
Skull Crick ranch last night. I played
poker with Is Brown an’ Dick Young for a
few minutes, an’ now it’d plumb break me
to pay the first instalment on a free lunch.”
“I didn’t much expect you to be flush
enough to buy a ranch, even if they were
givin’ ’em away,” Tom said. “But if you
run acrost anybody in the market fer one,
you can boost the sale fer me. I’m offerin’
good terms. Won’t take much money to
swing the deal. Is Brown has got a plaster
on it, not very big. If somebody’ll pay off
that mortgage an’ show me he means to
try, he can pay off the rest as he makes it.”
“All right, I’ll buy it, if nothin’ else’ll

do you. I’ll give a note with my horse an
saddle for s’curity.

  “An’ I might be able to pay spot cash
with a little help from Blake. I forgot to
tell you, Tom, that I’m ridin’ with a ranny
to who money ain’t no object. It would
uh done your ol’ rheumatic heart good to
see him cleanin’ Is Brown an’ Dick Young
in that stud game last night. Fastest game
you ever seen, in a bunk house, too. Blake
stays on the right side uh the moon—or the
moon stay, on his right side, I forgit which.
He was earnin’ money at the rate of half
million or so a year for two or three hours.”
“Wouldn’t be no wiser thing that you
could do, if you did make a cleanin’ at
cards, than to sink it into a good ranch,”
Harris told Blake with the manner of wise
age to youth. “If you don’t salt it down,
it’ll run right out through a hole in your
pocket an’ you’ll never know where it
went to.”

  “I know it,” said Blake. “I’m figgering
on setting up all night and put sheet iron
patches on all of my pockets, so this jack
won’t spill till I get to Argentina next
winter. They told Hank it’d be summer
there then, but he didn’t believe it. And
they tell me a few thousand of American
money there will buy a ranch half as big
as Idaho.”

  “Some ranch!” said Tom.

  “But that ain’t what’s worryin’ me,”
Hank interposed. “I’ve been settin’ here
all this time waitin’ for you to insult me by
offerin’ me a drink. But you ain’t said a
word.”	a

  “I hain’t been to the city fer so long the
ol’ jug’s about empty. There may be a few
swallers left in it.”

  “That’s enough, if they’re good big
swallers,” said Hank.

  Tom hauled a stone jug from under the
bunk and handed it to Blake, who tilted
it to his lips with, “Here’s how,” to his
host.

  “Aw, Blake,” Hank protested. “You just
plain waste it. You take just enough to
wet your neck, never enough to git down
to where it’ll do some good. You’re like
a feller with a reservoir for irrigation, lettin’
out the water in driblets that wets the ditch
but never runs out on the field. Purty soon
the reservoir is empty an’ still the grass
ain’t growin’— Dog-gone!” he broke off.
“I’m glad you didn’t take much. There
ain’t much in here.”
8

Adventure

  But he gurgled five times before offering
the jug to Tom, who shook his head.

  “Kill it,” he invited. “You will before
you git away, anyhow.”

  Hank did so, gratefully, then set it down.
“Tom,” he said, “now I know durn well
you’re really gittin’ old. When a man gits
so careless as to let his stock uh snake-bite
remedy run down to nothin’, he’s bound to
come to grief. Once I seen a Basco sheep-
herder that’s been bit by a rattler. The
camp tender was packin’ him out. He was
all swole up. Big sore where the fangs had
struck. Blood poisonin’ developin’. Tum-
ble. I’d uh been all broke up if it’d been
a human bein’ instid of a sheepherder.”

  “I wouldn’t have no trouble keepin’ medi-
cine fer myself,” Tom said. “But I’ve got
too many friends that come by in need of
perventative treatments.”

  “I hate to see you miss that dance,”
Hank worried. “I mean I hate to see that
dance miss you. Did you say your horses
had got away?”

  “Yes. Bunch of range stuff come pawin’
around the fence. They got to fightin’ back
an’ forth an’ knocked off some rails. My
plugs follered the wild ones off. They’re
right up thar in the canon a piece. But I
ain’t got nothin’ to chase ’em on.”

  “We’ll git ’em for you,” Hank stated,
rising to his feet. “A barn dance wouldn’t
be nothin’ without ol’ Tom Harris to call
quadrilles. Besides, Blake, Tom wants us
to leave. He’s been as good as blamin’ us
for lappin’ up the last of his likker.”

  “I knowed you’d go as soon as the jug
was empty,” said Tom. “That’s why I
didn’t offer you a drink no sooner.”

ABOVE the ranch they climbed
out of the canon. They rode
along the elevation scanning each
hollow and tributary gulch for
signs of the horses. At last they located
them.

  The wild horses broke away as the riders
approached. Hank pointed out the two
belonging to Harris. After a sharp run
Blake got his rope on the slower of the two,
a string-halted old roan mare. The other
was able to keep up with the band; and
Hank, galloping recklessly, swinging his
lariet, got a nasty fall when his horse stepped
into a badger hole.

  Blake led his poor prize to where Hank
was picking himself up, swearing softly and

feeling for broken bones. His face was a
mask of blood and dust where he had
barked it as he slid upon the ground.

  “One horse is all Tom can ride at once,”
Hank said. “I’didn’t want the other’n,
anyhow.

  “That’s what a man always gits when he
tries to help the other feller,” he com-
plained, daubing at his face with a blue
bandanna. “I’m goin’ to quit it. After
this, Hank Fairless is the hombre I’m goin’
to look out for. What’d I care whether
Tom gits to Taylor’s dance or not? I can’t
dance. Here I’ve went to all this trouble
for a gang that like as not won’t appreci-
ate it.”

  “That was sure a dirty fall,” Blake said
sympathetically. “But if you feel like rid-
ing at all we’d better not kill any more
time. We’re not going to get any cayuses
to Skull Creek if we don’t pound ’em on
the tail.”

  “It’s that new moon workin’ already,”
Hank said. “I wasn’t su’prized when my
horse went down. You see it down your
right shoulder, an’ almost break ol’ Is
Brown. I look at it down my left, an’ al-
most break my own neck the first time I
ride out of a trot.”

  They led the horse back to Harris’ place.
The old man invited them to stay for din-
ner. Since it was nearly noon and a long
time since breakfast, they accepted. They
helped him cook, and took it upon them-
selves to sweep the floor and wash the
dishes.

  It was late afternoon by the time they
had collected several scattered bunches of
horses and had driven them into the Clear
Creek corrals.

  “We’ll just leave ’em here tonight,” said
Hank. “No time now to git ’em to Skull
Crick. We’ll go straight down to Taylor’s.
If we stay up all night at the dance, it won’t
be necessary to strain our will power gittin’
out of the blankets early in the mornin’.”

  “McAlister won’t gather much of an
opinion of our speed,” Blake said. “Here
we’ve killed the whole day riding a few
miles and driving some ponies into a corral.”

  “Leave it to me, I won’t have to he
much. One look at my map an’ Tom’ll
know we must uh been busy at something.”

  “Yes. Busy stopping a band saw with
your face. I don’t care much about that
dance, anyhow,” Blake demurred. “These
clothes ain’t fit to go to a party in.”
Lucky Moon

9

  “Clothes!” Hank exclaimed. “Don’t you
know that the Constitution uh the United
States pervides that any cowpuncher goin’
to a dance wearin’ anything but his boots
with a pair uh good ol’ Levi Strauses stuffed
into ’em is to be took out an’ hung to a
cottonwood? Or if they ain’t any cotton-
wood handy, to a wagon-tongue propped
up on a neck-yolk? Ain’t you learn’t that
yet?”

  “No. I didn’t get a good education like
you did, Hank. But we can’t drive these
horses in the dark, so we might as well go.
I wouldn’t mind looking on for awhile.”

IV

FROM the number of wagons
and buckboards parked on the
roomy barn lot, from the horses
of all shapes, colors, and sizes
under harness and saddle hitched all about,
it appeared that the whole countryside had
turned out for Jim Taylor’s barn dance.
A glance at the interior of the big log barn
was confirmation of the impression.

  The barn was fragrant with hay. Lan-
terns swung over a brightly lighted space
where they danced, and shadows leaped
and swayed against the dusky recesses, mys-
terious areas of gloom outside the range of
light.

  When Blake and Hank entered, the crowd
was already warmed up. An organ had
been brought in. A girl with a dwarfish,
malformed body and a pair of beautiful and
uncannily intelligent eyes in an ill-favored
face was at the instrument. Hank labeled
her as Jane Compton.

  “Her folks lives up toward Riggin. Nice
folks. She’s been sick most of her life.
She’s spent several years in the East, New-
brasky, Ioway, or some place, with relations.
She’s smart as a whip, but stuck-up, an’
she don’t care a whoop how hard she shoots
it into a feller. I wouldn’t live in the same
house with her a week for nineteen million
pesos, bad as I need money.

  “But, say, if you want to see a classy
dame, take a look at Rob White’s sister,
Betty. There she is cornin’ out on the
floor with Dick Young now. Don’t she
look like seven hundred dollars? She’s a
great friend uh Jane’s, though I don’t
reck’lect she ever was far from this neck uh
the woods. She thinks she’s purty dog-gone
wise, too.”

Blake located the individuals indicated
by Hank. But when his eyes found Betty
White he quested no further. The girl was
the embodiment of his dream of fair

woman.

At that moment the thin frame of Tom
Harris was most prominent. He was call-
ing for two more couples to complete
the set.

“Two more couples!” he shouted. “Need
jest two more!” An uncourtly young man
led out a bashful girl. “Jest one more!
Come on, children!” He ran to the wall and
seized upon the middle aged Jim Taylor
and his wife.

“Been ten year since I tried to dance,”
Taylor protested as Tom dragged them out,
disregarding protests, and thrust them into
place.

“Now!” he said, balancing himself on
one leg.

         “All to your places
         An’ straighten up your faces,

        Hook up your traces

         An’ go hog wild. Ever’body dance i”

From the organ came the quick-beating,
harum-scarum strains of “The Irish Washer-
woman.”

          First lady out,

         Lady on the right;

         Swing the guy that’s got the cash,

        Now the one with the black mustache,

         Now the one that wears fine clothes,

         Now the one with the big plug nose.

        Meet your pardner,

         Make a little bow,

        Turn right back

         An’ you’re all right now.

The two sets swung into the impetuous
rhythm of the dance, tapping time with feet,
swinging in their turns. Blake contrasted
Betty White with the other women. She
was merry but restrained, animated but
graceful. She made a classic of the rude
quadrille.

         First gent out;

         Swing the gal with the purty hair,

         Now the one that puts on airs,

         Now the one that dresses so neat,

         Now the one with the great big feet.
         Swing waist swing!

         Up the road an’ down the lane,

         Right an’ left through
         An’ the center couple swing.

        Move, children, move!

Faster and faster whirled the dancers.
Old Tom, palpably free of rheumatic pains,
was a dynamo of enthusiastic energy, clap-
ping his hands, stamping out the beat of the
IO

Adventure

music, darting in to straighten out confused
couples, bawling:

       “Swing your pard like swingin’ on the gate,
       Swing your honey an’ don’t be late.

      Home you go an’ turn ’em all around.

      Heep a-hookin’ on:”

  Hank’s eyes shone.

  “Ain’t he a humdinger! I claim ol’ Tom
is sure a artist when it comes to callin’ a
square dance. I’m sure glad you got a
string on that ol’ roan before I got my spill.

  “Wonder if Jim forgot to lay in a little
kag uh wet lunch.”

  But Blake was not concerned with wet
lunches, nor though he had had no supper,
with the fat steer that was roasting in a pit
and filling the air with appetizing odors.
Now he really regretted the poor clothes
he wore, but his solicitude was largely un-
called for. With the exception of Dick
Young, who was really well-dressed .none
of the men more than faintly approached
conventional attire. Young alone deserved
the death sentence according to Hank’s con-
stitutional provisions. The punchers wore
new and crinkly overalls, high heeled boots,
with bright handkerchiefs around their necks.

  Blake’s attention was all for one model of
artistry. He had resolved not to dance.
Now he resolved to break that resolve. As
the dancers were leaving the floor, he turned
upon his friend..

  “Say, Hank, do you love me?”

  “It’s a sagebrush cinch I do, cowboy.
You’re the only sweetheart I got. An’ I
never trifle on you, though you’re dad
blamed mean to me at times.”

  “Then prove it by giving me an introduc-
tion to that girl. I look like a tramp, but
there’s a lot more rigged out just as bad.”

  “If I know anything about you, that’s
just what you are. I’ll do it, ol’ hoss, but
the lord knows you’d have a better send-off
if somebody more pop’lar with the ladies
interduced you. Tell you what, I’ll git Rob
to do it.”

AND he did. Rob, with the air
of somnolent disdain introduced
Blake to his sister as a cattleman
from New Mexico.

  “I met him at McAlister’s last night,
Betty. He acted like he was thinkin’ of
taking over the I-S outfit or the Bar Y. I
don’t know much about him, but I guess
he’s as fit to dance with as me or Dick
Young.”

  The melting strains of a waltz floated
from the organ and they glided out upon the
floor. She raised her eyes to his.

  “I believe Rob said you are a cattle man.
You look awfully young to be managing a
lot of money. Are you really thinking of
locating here?”

  “Yes,” he said. “For the last five min-
utes I’ve been thinking strong about it.”
Then, at her puzzled expression, he laughed.
“When Rob said I am a cattleman, he must
have meant that I am of the stuff that some
cattlemen are made of. I’m a cowpuncher.;
A puncher that owns some cattle might be
rated as a stockman. So as soon as I get a'
ranch and some cattle I’ll be one. If Rob
is truthful, that must be what he meant.”

  “Rob isn’t always strictly truthful,” she
smiled.

  They talked as they danced. Some of
their utterances bore sense, some were com-
monplace, many were banalities. But
Blake was enraptured, and to the best of
his judgment the music of the waltz was
only ten seconds from start to finish.

  He asked for the next waltz and it was
granted him.

  The hours, sped by the music and laugh-
ter, ran away. Blake had a wonderful time.
At intervals he danced with Betty White.
He danced with no one else. Between those
infrequent waltzes he stood in an obscure
place near the wall and watched her.

  His sensations were not untroubled joy.
Dick Young, suave and well-dressed, a nota-
ble figure in the crowd, danced with Betty
two times to Blake’s one. Blake would have
indignantly denied being touched with in-
cipient jealousy.

  Nevertheless he wondered acutely why
the girl should smile with such evident
pleasure into the young rancher’s eyes. He
racked his brain to imagine the sparkling
wit that must be flowing from Young’s
tongue. Altogether, the owner of the Bar Y
injected enough of the spice of uncertainty
into the occasion to keep Blake keyed to
the highest pitch.

  But he had a good time until he began
to note that Hank was drinking heavily
from some unknown source and was well
on the way to bring further disgrace upon
himself.

  Blake wondered at his own sensitiveness
to Hank’s extravagances and noisy appreci-
ation of trivial things. He had often seen
Hank drinking, but it had been in more
Lucky Moon

ii

fitting circumstances. Hank’s proclivity on
this occasion seemed a monstrous incon-
gruity.

  He had not heard that there was any
broached keg. He investigated the source
of supply and found that Rob White had
a flask, or rather a supply of flasks. Rob
and Hank principally were attending to the
consumption.

  The effect upon the two was not the same.
Hank uttered idiocies and laughed with im-
becile joy about nothing. He weaved as he
walked and stared owlishly about. Rob grew
morose and sullen and walked very straight
and deliberately. He was a dangerous type
of drinker.

  Hank never came much farther than the
door. He stayed there among a group of
stags and laughed and laughed.

  Rob ceased dancing for a time; then he
began again. He met curious eyes with
dignified belligerency and uttered pompous
periods with tangled grammar and sadly
mixed metaphors.

  Between the two they quickly spoiled
the dance for Blake. The first effect came
indirectly through Betty. She followed her
brother with worried eyes. All the laughter
went out of her.

  Blake was dancing with Betty. Rob was
also on the floor. Blake’s attempts at con-
versation fell flat. At last he gave up trying
to talk and followed the direction of her
gaze.

  At that moment two couples, in one of
which was Rob, collided. Rob’s unstable
balance was lost and he fell, dragging his
partner down.

  Hank in his position near the door roared
out his mirth, his voice soaring far above
all other sounds in the room. He tilted
back his head, he rocked on his heels, lost
his balance and staggered. He bent double
and slapped his knees.

  Rob rose from the floor. Couples around
him were smiling, some laughing outright.
Blake saw the boy’s face grow suddenly
white and murderous. He made no effort
to assist his partner. He started swiftly
toward the group at the door.

  “Oh!” Betty gasped.

  Blake sensed what was coming and ran
after him. Rob went straight toward
Hank. At the last moment his right hand
brushed back the skirt of his coat and came
up with a gun. He raised it over his head,
the blue steel glinting, and started to strike.

  Hank under the swift metamorphosis of
drunkenness was transformed by the threat
from a laughing imbecile to a demon. But
it is unlikely he would have escaped a stun-
ning blow had Blake not reached his
assailant.

  As the gun came up Blake seized it. He
twisted it from Rob’s hand, thrust him
sprawling to one side, tossed the gun
through the door and met Hank’s bellowing
rush.

  “Lemme at ’im!” Hank roared. “Uggggg!”
his voice suddenly ceased in a strangling
gurgle as Blake ducked under his flailing
arms and grasped his shirt collar from be-
hind. He jerked Hank off his balance and
dragged him out the door and twenty yards
from the building before releasing him.

  “Whatchu think!” Hank began, then
paused as he sensed Blake’s cold ferocity.

  That was the end of the dance for Blake.
He had his hands full with Hank. Fairless
alternately stormed and wept. Blake
dragged him from the vicinity of the barn,
found a straw stack and dumped him
bodily upon it. When Hank had grown
quiet, Blake rustled a horse blanket and
threw it over him.

  Lying near the sleeper, he heard the faint
music and laughter going on and on. He
grew drowsy at last. He didn’t know when
the dance broke up.

  He was awakened shortly after daybreak
by Taylor doing the chores. Leaving Hank
asleep he followed the rancher into the barn.

  “Well,” said Taylor, “I reckon you young
folks had a good time. Hope so. But I’m
gittin’ too old really to enjoy a dance. I
pay the next day for losin’ a night’s sleep.
Didn’t use to mind it.”

  “I was going fine,” Blake said, “till them
fools Hank and Rob, went and spoiled it all.”

  Taylor laughed indulgently.

  “Hank is hair-brained, but he don’t mean
bad. I don’t know about Rob, though. I’ve
been noticin’ his gun play here lately. If
that boy don’t git a-holt of hisself, he’s liable
to wake up some fine morning in serious
trouble. I’d hate to see it, on account of his
folks. There ain’t no finer people than the
Whites.”

  Hank appeared not long after. He was
carrying the horse blanket on his arm. He
had straw in his hair, a bleary look in his
eyes and cuts and abrasions on his face from
his fall of the previous day. He was a sorry
spectacle.
12

Adventure

  “I want to use all the cold water in your
spring, Jim,” he said, combing at his tousled
hair with his fingers. “Some party, wasn’t
it? From what little I remember, we all
sure had a fine time. I did. Ever’body did.
But how the dickens I ever mistook that
straw stack for a roomin’ house is what I
can’t figger!”

V

AFTER breakfast at Taylor’s
the two rode up Clear Creek to
finish their previous day’s work.
The corrals were a series of log
inclosures at the confluence of two gulches.

  They were flanked by two lines of fence
converging at the gate. The corrals were
used by stockmen in common for cutting out
and branding cattle and for corraling wild
horses.

  As they came abreast of the corrals they
saw two other riders working among the
horses.

  “Look who’s here!” said Hank. “My ol’
friends Jeff an’ Pete, sure as shoo tin’.
Heavy on the word friend. If I’d knowed
they wanted their mustangs rounded up, by
grab, I’d uh worked till midnight cuttin’ out
all the J-J stuff an’ pushin’ ’em clean to the
top uh Minidoka. Dad blame me if I
wouldn’t. Think uh me roundin’ up cay-
uses free uh charge for Jeff Jamison!”

  “Who are they?”

  “Jeff an’ Pete Jamison. J-A-M-I-S-O-N,
Jamison. Me an’ Jeff an’ Pete likes each
other just like buck deers an’ rattlesnakes is
in love. You just watch me! One uh these
days Jeff is goin’ to git me riled just right an’
we’ll go together like a cranky buck sheep
an’ a winder pane. An’ it’s a sagebrush
cinch yours truly won’t be the winder pane.
He’s wise. He don’t give me scarcely no
chance to call him.”

  What was the origin and cause of the mu-
tual antipathy Hank did not reveal. Blake
learned afterward that the Jamisons owned
a section of land a few miles above Brown’s
holdings on Squaw Creek. Hence they
were ranchers of sorts. They had a brand
registered for both horses and cattle, but
owned not many of either.

  Ranching was not their sole and settled
occupation. They preferred money that
was made in more diverting ways than mere
labor. They were first class judges of stock
and were dangerous opponents in a horse
trade. Just now they were picking from

their horses some of the most vicious to take
to Maverick to the Fall rodeo on the chance
of selling them for buckers. Soft from the
Summer on the range, the animals needed
a few week’s diet of hay and oats to condi-
tion them.

  “Are they still any Quarter Circle S stuff
in there?” Hank asked in business-like tone
as he reached the corral gate.

  “Yes,” said Jeff Jamison briefly. He was
a saturnine individual whose lanky frame
suggested strength.

  “They’s some J-J horses, too,” added Pete.
“That line-back buckskin mare is one of
’em. She’s goin’ to Maverick. When you
see the name Sally Patica headlined in the
papers you won’t tje readin’ about the Queen
uh the Gypsies or no patent medicine
neither. It’ll be referrin’ to that mare.
She can wampoo. If you doubt it, we’ll
stick your hull on her an’ you can crawl on
an’ see for yourself—that is, if you have any
time for lookin’ after she starts.”

  “Huh!” said Hank cynically. “I noticed
her yesterday. Had a notion to ride ’er
bareback to Taylor’s dance. Wouldn’t
waste time monkeyin’ with a imitation like
her. If I wanted to see her buck, I’d just
put my understudy here on her, an’ let him
claw her awhile.”

  “I’m tellin’ you she ain’t nothin’ for boys
an’ understudies to practice on. Take’s a
he-man; an’ no he-man better be tryin’ to
ride her to a dance bareback. When a un-
derstudy gits on, he’ll crave all the leather
in the State to pull.”

  “Oh, he ain’t so bad,” said Hank. In
fact he can ride most anything that wears
hair. I brung him up from New Mexico
with me to put the finishin’ touches to his
eddication.”

  “Well,” Pete put on his best horse trading
manner, “I’ve seen good punchers that come
from places all the way from Texas to Mon-
tana. I’ve seen horses that was raised in
Oregon that was snaky buckers. This mare
was raised right here. She’s a Idaho bucker;
an’ I’m willin’ to bet the fifty bucks I got
from Dick Young for a saddle horse—a
durned good one too—the other day that
there ain’t a man in the crowd can ride ’er
straight up an’ scratch ’er.”

  “I wouldn’t risk any money bettin’ you
could do it.” With difficulty Hank re-
strained himself from revealing his joy.
Like a sick coyote, Pete had walked right
into the trap. “I’d do the mountin’, but
Lucky Moon

13

don’t feel like it’s necessary in this case. I’ll
let Blake do it. Good practice for him.”
He drew out his purse and examined the
meager contents.

  “It’s- to be pore, as the old savin’

goes. A man notices it when he gits a
chancet to double his money or a place to
buy good likker priced fair. I’ve got eight-
een — nineteen — nineteen forty-five. If
Blake’ll take the rest, we’ll sure relieve you
uh that troublesome fifty.”

  Pete went in and put a rope on the mare
and led her into an adjoining corral. She
was easy to handle, offering little opposition
to halter or saddle. Hank snubbed her and
Blake mounted.

  When the blinder and snubbing halter
were pulled off, she merely stood with flat-
tened ears, legs spread wide and a hump in
her back that tilted saddle and rider far
forward.

  Blake touched her with the spurs and
swept his hat across her ears. She moved
slowly, stepping stiffly as though her legs
were made of sticks. She took three of
these short, stiff-legged steps, then sud-
denly, with the speed and snap of a tripped
catapult, she went at him. She leaped high
and far and fast with tremendous rocking,
twisting bounds.

  Blake, as was his unvarying custom, went
to work with both feet. He rode with an
appearance of looseness, maintaining his
place by lightning, unerring adjustments of
balance rather than by strength of his legs.
He scratched from the points of her shoul-
ders to the skirts of his saddle and fanned
her with his sombrero. That was his style.
He always scratched as long as he stayed in
the saddle. If bucked off, he was bucked
off scratching.

  Hank rode near, beating a tattoo on his
horse’s flank with his crumpled hat, yell-
ing:

  “Attaboy, Blake! Fan ’er, boy! Scratch
’er!”

  As though plunging against a cliff, she
stopped, her hoofs plowing the ground; then
around she went, spinning in a short circle
like a huge top, head low, mouth open, bawl-
ing and squealing. Like a fragment thrown
from a whirling disk by centrifugal force,
she leaped straight out at a tangent to her
circle, thumped the ground on rigid legs,
crouched, all in one swift continuous move-
ment, and hitched back with a terrific
wrenching jerk. Then forward she went,

sunfishing again, her lithe, taut body twist-
ing and rolling dizzily in the air.

  Suddenly Pete Jamison leaped from the

fence where he had been seated, hurled his
hat to the ground and yelled joyously—
“You’re bucked off, cowboy!”

  And so he was. Blake was still scratch-
ing from the mare’s tawny mane to the
square skirts of his double rig, but he was
palpably off step with her and couldn’t
catch up. At the next vicious back-hitch
he left the saddle, sailing cleanly over her
head.

  He landed on hands and feet. Cool in
the crisis, his first thought was to throw
himself from the path of the squealing de-
mon behind him. The mare leaped by him
like a streak and kicked viciously in passing.
They saw the hoof strike his head, heard the
impact. He was knocked backward into a
tumbled heap.

  Blake had an instantaneous impression
of a crashing blow, a blinding stroke of pain
that dissolved into a million scintillating
points of light which went out quickly in a
rush of blackness.

VI

     jfc* WHEN he awoke, his first sensa-
  ■	tion was of a vast rhythmic

         swinging through space, borne
«L1La down by a leaden weight that
dragged on every cell in his body—then he
remembered and tried to complete the con-
vulsive effort he had begun—but he seemed
to be trammeled in the coils of a lariat. A
locked spur seemed hanging in a cinch. He
struggled to free himself. In the face of
deadly danger he was impotent.

  He came nearer the borderland of con-
sciousness. He realized that a pair of hands
were pressing firmly upon his shoulders. A
voice, a woman’s voice, was speaking. He
opened his eyes. His body was tense, pain-
fully strained. His hands were gripped in
a white coverlet.

  A girl with a mass of dark hair, with dark
eyes and the reddest of lips, was bending
over him. She was strangely familiar. It
was night. An oil lamp burned on a table
beside the bed.

  “You must be quiet,” she was saying.
“You’ll start the blood again.”

  Blake relaxed wonderingly.

  “Who are you? Where am I at?” he
asked weakly.
14

Adventure

  “I am Betty White,” she told him.
“Don’t you remember me? They brought
you here after you were hurt. Do you feel
better?”	«

  “Don’t know.” He tried to grin. “Head
aches a little more than it did a few minutes
ago—or, anyhow, I notice it more. But my
eyes are working so I can see you. Yes, take
it all around, I guess I’m better.” But it
took too great an effort to be cheerful. His
head throbbed with deadening misery.

  “I’m glad,” she said. “We were afraid
you were dead when they brought you
here.”

  His curiosity in things was gone. The
light stabbed his eyes. He closed them and
dozed in a state between sleeping and wak-
ing. The pain in his head visited his sub-
consciousness in weird and horrible dreams.
He heard people speaking, men and women.
Hands touched him and there came the urge
to force himself awake. But his will was
heavily encumbered.

  He received their ministrations passively.
He dreamed that his mother, who had been
taken when he was barely past his infancy,
had laid a caressing hand upon his head
and from it radiated peace. In the strange
semi-consciousness he caught fragments of
sentences.

  “How is he, Doc? The voice associated
itself with the rumble of racing wild horses—
the smoke of a camp-fire.

  “Can’t tell—fractured—slight concussion

—tomorrow-” Blake sank into a deep

slumber.

  He opened his eyes to the essential light
of day filtering through crisp muslin cur-
tains. In a dream he had been floating in
a sea of melody. Harmony like a tangible
thing surrounded and permeated him. Con-
sciousness revealed that some one was
playing a piano, something yearning, and
sweet.

  Blake, whose durable skull had resisted
the blow, and who was recuperating like a
tough wild animal, closed his eyes and
yielded to the spell of the music. It was
simple enough to be comprehensible to him,
but its beauty baffled analysis.

  It conjured visions of heroic deeds and
places, of wild brave men, their roughness
justified and sublimated; sunsets flaunting
prodigal color over a wide half world of
sand; soft deep blue of desert twilight. He
felt himself unscathed. Life with all its
possibilities stretched before him—action,

achievement, concrete realizations of vague
ambitions.

  His mind reveled; then the fire began de-
parting from his dreams. Images and im-
pulses grew indistinct. Something had
gone out of him as color fades from the sky.
He realized that the music had ceased.

  A clock on the table, where also stood
medicine bottles and a partly used roll of
gauze, told him it was ten in the morning.
It was a rather bare room, but immacu-
lately clean. A rag rug was on the floor,
a few lithographs and framed mottos in
bold letters bordered with flower designs
on the wall.

  When Blake suggested that he felt quite
well enough to return to work, he was op-
posed decisively by the Whites. They were
backed by the authority of the doctor whom
Hank after Blake’s injury had ridden a
horse almost to death to bring. So he
entered upon ten days of new and vital
experience.

  Mrs. White was a gray-haired, sweet-faced
woman to whom Rob bore a striking resem-
blance. Mark White wore a flowing full
beard, black, streaked wtih gray. He was
benign of face, possessed of a grave dig-
nity, scrupulously courteous and hospitable.
Betty, to Blake by far the most interesting
member of the family, was a feminine rep-
lica of what Mark White must have been
in his youth.

  Bob represented a vast disparity in the
family. Rebellious at the restraints of
his father, who had sharply drawn and
somewhat Puritanical standards of con-
duct, with his first taste of the freedom of
manhood he was drifting toward the other
extreme. *

  During childhood his father had relieved
him of the necessity of inhibiting impulses
to misbehavior. Now he was sampling
with the keen relish of a boy for green apples
some of the fruits of wildness. He fre-
quently with callow bravado overstepped
even the liberal standards of the rough com-
munity.

  He would have preferred to be the scion
of a cattle-king instead of heir to a one-
horse outfit which his father, being little
greedy of possessions beyond the comfort-
able necessities, was at little pains to ex-
pand. His help was not indispensable at
home, and it was little help he gave. He
worked for brief periods for widely scat-
tered outfits, or he loafed and wasted his
Lucky Moon

15

money in any convenient place. He came
home when it was advantageous to get his
feet under his mother’s table.

  At times he was too busy being ambitious,
with little direction and no persistence to
his efforts. At other times, and these most
frequent, he was trying with varying de-
grees of success to be tough.

  During Blake’s convalescence, Rob was
at home for a few days before taking a job
with the L-F outfit located south of Riggin,
helping in the Fall roundup. At the family
board he bowed his head mechanically when
his father thanked the Almighty for the
food before them and besought Him for fur-
ther blessings. Then Rob raised his head
and told Blake just how far Nibs fell short
of being the ideal saddle horse.

  “Good plug, that stockin’-legged bay of
yours, but too big, away too big. Must
weigh round ’leven hundred, don’t he? Too
heavy on his feet. If he was two hundred
pounds lighter he’d be just right.”

  Blake, turbaned with gauze, his eyes
stealing glances toward Rob’s altogether
adorable sister, tried to answer with a dis-
interested half of his mind, while with the
other and interested half he contrasted her
voice and maimer with those of other girls
he had known.

  “Just as good for his inches as a nine-
hundred-pound horse. Therefore, he’s two
hundred pounds better.”

  “Too big,” Rob insisted. “Pushes down
too hard on his feet. A light horse can get
over the hills like a jack-rabbit. He’ll stove
his shoulders up.”

  “He ain’t stiff in the shoulders yet, and
he’s done as much hard work as any horse of
his age in the State,” said Blake, defending
his horse automatically while he noted the
bewitching irregularities of Betty’s profile.
“If he pushes down harder on his feet, at the
same time he’s got the legs to hold up extra
weight. He can carry a man as easy as a
horsefly. I like that.”

  When Hank rode down to see how he was
progressing, the talk was likewise carried to
horses.

  “If that man-killer uh Jamison’s had been
two-foot farther from you when she let drive,
there wouldn’t uh been nothin’ left uh you
but the tombstone I’d been able to buy with
three cents less than nothin’.

  “You was doin’ some oily ridin’, boy, the
ten or twelve jumps you stayed with her.
Gettin’ bucked off that she-don’t spell

nothin’. I never seen such dizzy steppin’
as she done. She’s—she’s a raggin’ fool,
that’s all.”

  But Blake’s interest in wild horses was in
abeyance, and he was glad when the single-
minded Hank rode away. Betty White and
her piano constituted his new mental set.

  The instrument had been freighted-in sev-
eral years before at considerable expense,
and Betty had studied music under her
mother since her earliest recollection. Blake
could not determine whether music was the
refining influence that had wrought the dif-
ference he saw in her, or whether it was
merely an expression of more essential de-
partures from the usual type of frontier
daughters.

        VII

BLAKE, with a long scar under
his hair where the mare’s hoof had
split his scalp and seven stitches
had been taken, had rejoined
McAlister’s outfit on the range.

  He had never got so little joy out of work.
The range conditions in this north country
were new to him. McAlister was bossing
the round-up in person. He was a stickler
for easy handling of cattle and he laid down
hard and fast rules against unnecessary rop-
ing and all other forms of rough treatment.

  There was little excitement. The cutting-
out and branding was all done in corrals so
that one or two ropers did nearly all the
lariat work. Blake, who prided himself on
his ability with the riata—and who had
long ago won Hank’s profound admiration—•
found himself barred. Satory and Modell,
who McAlister knew could be depended
upon to obey instructions, did the roping.

  It was just work, and dirty work and long
hours at that. They tailed down bellowing
calves, wielded the red-hot irons, breathed
the pungent smoke of the scorching hair and
flesh, ripped McAlister’s half-crop in the
left ear, underbit in the right, and his jug-
handle dewlap under the neck. When they
got through ripping ear-marks and dewlaps
and burning the great Quarter Circle S
cattle brand on the side of a four-months-old
calf, that baby steer looked like the pitiful
relic of a catastrophe.

  And after a man had been closely con-
cerned with the wreckage of many score of
them in the course of a day, he himself was
apt to be black from end to end with blood
and dirt and ashes.
l6

Adventure

  The only ameliorative circumstance to
Blake was the fact that he had drawn a
rough string in the cawy. He had three
snake-eyed, Roman-nosed cayuses who
could be depended upon to put up a credit-
able buck any time after a night’s rest, and
two more that bore watching every hour of
the day.

  The restless Blake was prone to encourage
rather than to discourage their bucking pro-
clivities. He was never rough with the
spurs. In his most reckless scratching he
almost never drew blood and seldom ruffled
the hair. He was satisfied to go through the
motions. But a touchy bronc hates dread-
fully to be tickled on the shoulder on a chill
morning with the toe of a boot, or to suffer
the ignominy of having a rider’s foot taken
from the stirrup where it belongs and set be-
tween his ears.

  McAlister objected to that, also.

  “A keen spell of buckin’ in the mornin’
tires a horse as much as three hours ordi-
nary ridin’,’’ he was wont to say. He reit-
erated at every opportunity: “Now look
at Harry Satory there. I ain<t seen a bronc
really git down an’ buck with him a dozen
times in the last year. He’s easy with ’em.
He coaxes the meanness out of ’em.”

  Which was true. Satory was a top cow
hand, a model. Blake would have admit-
ted this without an instant’s hesitation. He
would, if pressed, have defined a model as
a small specimen of the real thing. He
readily understood why Harry had no am-
bition to compete for the prizes in the Ma-
verick rodeos. Even if he had ever had
been a good rider, he wasn’t now getting
enough practice on bucking horses to fit
himself for hard competition.

  Blake was deliberately preparing himself
for the coming show. There was much talk
of it around the camp-fire at night, and
his ambitions were stirred more and more.
Though none of the other boys were going
to compete, the event loomed big in their
eyes.

  McAlister had generously promised to
let most of them off for a few days, to ride
over and see, at least, the finals bucked out.
Blake intended to quit outright in time to
get to Maverick and enter for his chosen
events.

  In the face of his employer’s displeasure
he was getting all the practice he needed to
meet the buckers. But he was getting al-
most none with the rope and bulldogging

was clean out of the question. Even so,
aided and abetted by Hank who stayed on a
ridge to watch off approaching riders, he
grappled with a few of McAlister’s peaceful
steers and rolled them upon their fat sides.

  In one such scuffle he got his shirt ripped
from collar to belt and a long scratch down
his back. He had to frame a pretty story
about an unruly horse and a stiff dead tree
limb projecting downward to spring at sup-
per that night.

  Altogether, the character of Blake’s work
was not lifting hin to any pinnacles of glory
in McAlister’s eyes. Tom would readily
have admitted that Blake was willing, that
he didn’t have a lazy bone in his body, but
he was “just simply too-reckless.”

  And Blake wasn’t caring what McAlister
thought about him. He was in funds, very
much so, thanks to Israel Brown’s and Dick
Young’s propensity to poker. Besides that
there was a fine show coming up at Maver-
ick, a town he had never seen, where he had
a chance, though a slender one, to earn sev-
eral months’ wages in three days, and where
he had an absolute certainty of having his
share of all the fun.

  On top of that there was a big dance
coming up at Riggin, which he planned to
take in despite high water and any and all
other obstacles. His interest in the Riggin
dance was distinctly private and was not re-
vealed at the camp-fire. It had to do with
a certain discovery he had made at Taylor’s
barn dance during his convalescence at the
White ranch.

  As regards his connection with Tom Mc-
Alister, things were moving toward a climax.

         ON THE afternoon before the
dance they were trailing a herd
(IlSS*! toward the corral. A rangy mon-
Ugrel steer with the legs of an elk
and curving horns twice the length of a
Hereford’s, gave vent to his native con-
trariness. He whirled from the herd and
broke back, tearing down the point of a
ridge into a brushy gulch.

  Blake and Modell pursued and after a
quarter mile run headed him and brought
him back. But the sprint only whetted his
appetite for trouble. He kept seeking an-
other opportunity to dodge back. The last
vestige of Blake’s patience vanished. He
would teach that steer his A B Cs if he never
did another thing in his life. He gathered
his rope and shook out a noose.
Lucky Moon

17

  When the steer again broke away, Blake
wheeled his horse and from the steer’s left
side snapped a loop over its horns. Racing
abreast, he flipped the rope across the steer’s
back and drew it tight across the hind legs.
Then he checked his horse.

  The big animal’s legs were swept from
under him by the taut rope and he struck
ihe ground as though he had fallen from a
cliff. Blake had busted steers in this man-
ner before. The process never failed to ex-
tinguish their desire for mischief. In this
case he did more than he had intended. In
the fall one of the steer’s long horns struck
the ground first, received the major portion
of the shock and was broken from its head.

   Blake leaped to the ground, tied the ani-
mal and cut away the hide that still held
the broken horn. Then he prodded the
stunned beast to its feet. It went back to
the herd, the model of docility, shaking its
bloody head.

   McAlister came riding over and sat look-
ing at Blake as he- coiled his rope. Then
Tom opened up all his verbal batteries. He,
too, had passed the limit of patience.

  “Blake,” he began, “You’ve heered me
say nine hundred an’ eighty-two times that
that ain’t my way of handlin’ cattle. It

may be your way, but I don’t give a-

what your style—-!” He stopped suddenly
as Blake hurled his rope to the ground and
faced him with blazing eyes.

   “Tom,” he said, struggling for composure
and deliberation, “cut it out before you get
spersonal and start something we might both

be sorry for. I don’t give a-what your

style of handling stock may be. I’ll save
you the trouble of tying a can to me. Write
it out, pronto!”

  With hands that shook with anger McAl-
ister got out a check book and scrawled an
order on his bank to pay Blake Moody the
small sum due him. Before he had finished
Hank was at his side.

   “Figger mine, too, Tom,” he said cheer-
‘ully. “I’ve got to stay with Blake. He’s
young an’ ignerent an’ ain’t noway capable
uh takin’ care of himself among strangers.

   McAlister exploded.

   “Quit at one second’s notice an’ leave me

-	hort-handed, huh! Hank, this is about the
:hirty-fourth time I’ve hired you, but it’s
he last time!” He went on at some length
relieving his internal congestion.

   Hank heard him out, grinning blithely.

   “It’s too bad, Tom, but it’s your mistake.

Since you was turnin’ loose the best cow
hand that ever tried to pull a pair uh chaps
over spurs with two an’ a half inch shanks,
I figgered you seen fit to prune down your
force.”

  “You know why I was lettin’ Blake go!”

  “Yes,” Blake said coldly. “Because I
quit.” .

  “Well, Tom, thankee kindly, an’ fare-
well,” Hank said as he received his check.
“Sorry, but you can’t expect me to let my
young son ride off without me to look after
him.”

  Hank proposed that they start to Maver-
ick forthwith. But Blake opposed him. He
was determined to go to the dance at Riggin,
and at last Hank yielded under protest.

  The two rode down to Riggin.

VIII

RIGGIN consisted of a couple of
saloons, a store in the second
Wl&vi&w story of which was the hall where
they danced, a feed stable, and a
few shacks of rough lumber and tar-paper
straggling over an abbreviated flat.

  Blake and Hank turned their horses over
to a stable-man, kicked off their chaps, ad-
justed their mufflers and climbed the stairs
to the hall. The room was crowded with
what seemed to Blake very ordinary men
and singularly unattractive, giggling girls
and blowsy matrons.

  “Not much class here,” he commented
after searching every nook and corner of the
room with his eyes.

  “Oh, I don’t know,” said Hank. “ ’Bout
as much as usual. Anyhow, I don’t care.
It hurts me as bad to have a good lookin’
dame tromp on my toes as a hard lookin’
one; so I steer clear of ’em all. Le’s go
down to the Elkhorn an’ see what’s goin’
on.”

  Blake followed him down-stairs. He had
the feeling that he had ridden down to Rig-
gin for nothing.

  “Don’t the people from down Clear Creek
way take in these dances?” he asked with
admirable nonchalance. “I didn’t see any-
thing of Jane—what’s her name, who played
the organ?—or—or any of them girls that
was down at Taylor’s.”

  “So!” Hank stopped dead in his tracks.
“I might uh knowed, if I hadn’t been dead
from my shoulders up. If you’d asked me,
I could uh told you that you won’t never
i8

Adventure

find Betty White at these roughneck parties.
At house-warmin’s an’ barn-raisin’s in the
neighborhood, maybe, but not these hops
at Riggin.

   “Her folks is pertickler—an’ she’s per-
tickler—who she ’sociates with. I ain’t in
her class, as you noticed. You wouldn’t
be, neither, if she knowed as well as I do
about your carryin’-ons. You say there
ain’t nobody here that was at Taylor’s.
That shows you didn’t see nobody in that
barn but her. They’s several here that was
at Taylor’s, average good lookin’ dames, too.

   “If you’d feast your eyes on her, you just
go to the Clear Crick school house any Sun-
day when Sunday school is keepin’, an’
there she’ll be. Next time,” he admonished
with feeling, “tell me what’s on your mind,
trust your oP sidekick what ain’t never laid
down on you, an’ maybe he can save you a
long hard ride. We might just as well as
not uh been way along on the trail to Mav-
erick by this time. If we miss gittin’ there
in time for you to enter, blame yourself, not
me.”

   “I didn’t notice anything stuck-up about
her or her folks,” Blake said. “They struck
me as dog-gone nice people. Sure treated
me fine.”

  “I ain’t runnin’ the Whites down. They
are nice people, even if they don’t ’predate
the sterlin’ worth uh my char’ter the way
they ought to. Mark White is a prince.
Word as good as gold. He draws his social
fines on moral grounds, or tries to.”

   “Didn’t work any too good in the case of
his son,” Blake observed.

   “Oh, that’s the result of a little too much
Sunday school in the tender years. ’Nother
case of a preacher’s son goin’ to the bad.
But ol’ Rob sure come in handy to the dance
the other night. He had a pack horse load
uh bonded goods stuffed in the pockets of
his chaps an’ coat. Jim Taylor’s a good
hombre in some ways, but he’d just nacher-
ally let his company die uh thirst without
battin’ an eye.”

  “I never asked you, Hank, but did you
come from a long line of ministers?”

   “I never dumb my family tree to find out
what kinds uh limbs it had. But I wouldn’t
be su’prized to find most any kind—preach-
ers, bartenders, dooks, pearl-divers, any-
thing but horse thieves. Wouldn’t acknowl-
edge them.

  “Mark White don’t know nothin’ about
Rob’s carryin’ on. Nobody tells him. He

don’t hang around where it’s pulled off. His
mind don’t run that way. He sort uh gives
a man the benefit uh the doubt till it’s
proved otherwise, instid uh turnin’ that
system end for end like I do. If you’d start
goin’ to Sunday school, you might even get
away with it.”

  “I’m going to do that very thing as soon
as I get back from Maverick with my new
saddle.”

  “It’d be just like you! But if you don’t
want to dance tonight, le’s sample the likker
an’ hit the hay some place. We’ve got to
git an early start in the mornin’. I wish I
was poundin’ my ear right now.”

  At the Elkhorn, Hank did not stop with
one sample, nor with two. A gang from the
L-F, among whom was Rob White, and all
of whom he knew, had just arrived. By the
time each of them had bought a drink for
himself and the rest, they were getting noisy
and Hank had changed his mind about the
desirability of sleep.

  Blake drank meagerly and soberly, un-
willing to enter into the spirit of the festivity.

  “Let’s go and find some place to flop,
Hank,” he suggested for the third time.

  “Say,” Hank addressed the bartender
loudly, “got any 01’ Squirrel whisky?”

  “01’ Squirrel? No. Got plenty of 01’
Crow.”

  “I want 01’ Squirrel. This frost has got
me down here instid uh hittin’ the trail for
Maverick like I exhorted him to. Now I
want him to wake up an’ jump around a
little. But I don’t want him to fly.”

  Rob White went out to where his horse
stood and leaped into the saddle. A mo-
ment later, with rolling eyes and loud
breathing, the horse came through the open
door, Rob atop of him plying spurs and
quirt and singing in a loud voice—

              “My foot in the stirrup,

             My hand on the horn,

Best-cowpuncher

          Ever was born-”

  His companions’ glasses rang upon the bar
as they took up the refrain,

          “With a long Id yippi yippi-a yippi-a
          With a long ki yippi yippi-a.”

  The bartender’s poker face showed con-
cern. It augered a wild night which before
the end might be strewn with wreckage of
almost every kind. Rob wore his gun in a
holster on this night. On one or two occa-
sions he had done some practice shooting at
Lucky Moon

19

lamps. His handsome face was sullen and
reckless and he was lingering the butt of his
revolver as he began another verse of the
ancient song—

         “Went down to Chicago-”

  Then another voice, more powerful, more
sonorous and compelling lifted a totally dif-
ferent air. Blake, leaning near the end of
the bar with thumbs hooked in his belt, was
singing—

       “I’ll take you home again, Kathleen,

       Across the ocean wild and wide,

To where your heart has ever been-”

  Blake was grinning sardonically as he be-
gan, but the grin went away as he swept into
the spirit of the song. There might have
been times when he would have yipped with
the wildest of the L-F boys, but on this night
he was in a totally different mood. The
mood had been bom when he first heard
Betty White at her piano, and it had grown.
He had come down to Riggin in the hope
of dancing with her. He put the warmth
and tumult of his own heart into the song.
And he took hold of his audience.

  They broke short off in the middle of a
line listening. They were maudlin and he
almost brought them to tears. Long before
the end of the first verse there was not a
sound in the saloon except the restless
stamping of Rob’s horse and Blake’s clear
voice.

        HE SANG through to the end.
        Some of the boys cleared their
        throats. The bartender broke

mm he deep silence.

  ‘Take your horse outdoors, won’t you,
Rob? He makes so much noise we can’t
hear good. Then we’ll have one on the
house.

  “By gum, pardner,” he told Blake, as the
horseman complied with his request, “if I
could sing like you can, I wouldn’t be
tendin’ bar, nor punchin’ cows, neither. I’d
have a good soft job singin’ in a vawdy-
ville show, rakin\in gobs uh dough ever’
night.”

“Thasso,” agreed the L-F boys humbly.

  “Say, Blake,” said Rob with deep respect,
“do you know, ‘Oh, bury me not on the lone
prairie’? I’d sure like to hear you get that
off.”

  “Me, too!” chorused the L-F boys.

  “He knows it,” said Hank pridefully.
“Fellers, if you can jump up any purty song

that Blake don’t know, then I want to put
in with you. He’s the niftiest vocal singer
you’ll find in a month’s hard ridin’.”

  Blake sang it. They had another drink.
He sang again. And again they drank.
The saloon filled up from the street. All
patronage deserted the competitive place
of business. Blake in his present tender
mood was a jewel without price to the Elk-
horn. Those present vied with each other
in spending their money. They destroyed
no furniture and they swore under their
breath.

  Blake tired at last of singing. Quietly
at the end of a song he slipped out and re-
turned to the dance hall where he stood in
a corner near the door looking on.

  His deserted companions raised their
glasses and toasted the empty corner. They
set them down and debated the title of the
next selection. Then they discovered his
absence.

  Shortly after came Hank and the gang in
search of him. They tramped up the stairs
with a great swishing of chaps and rattling
of spur rowels. They located the object
of their search, surrounded him and expos-
tulated with him for his desertion in loud
and earnest voices.

  They made a great deal of noise and
things began to happen. A floor-manager
came demanding order. He was tactless
and the manner he assumed most unfor-
tunate.

  “If you fellers didn’t come here to dance,”
he said, “anyhow, you’ve got to act decent
an’ keep your traps shut. You’re makin’
too much noise.”

  Rob White, now free of the spell of Blake’s
“vocal” singing, turned and faced him
squarely.

  “Thasso? Do you like to see folks dance?”
he asked mildly.

  “I ain’t pertickler,” the burly floor-man-
ager blustered, “but I do like silence an’
lots of it.”

  “Well,” Rob drawled, “s’funny how many
different kinds of tastes there is. Now, take
me, I jus’ love dancing. So!” he suddenly
barked, “-you, dance!”

  As he spoke a gun appeared in his right
hand. It roared, a staggering sound within
the four walls. A bullet smashed through
the floor shockingly near the man’s left foot.
There was an uproar of frightened female
voices and a sudden thundering stampede
from the store below into the street.
20

Adventure

  The floor-manager began the execution
of a series of energetic steps totally lacking
in rhythm. He seemed bent only on keep-
ing both feet off the floor at the same time.

  Hank and the others had exploded into
laughter. Rob had fired twice more through
the floor. A determined voice behind them
suddenly rasped:

  “Reach for the ceiling! All of you! An’
keep your mugs that way. This is a decent
dance. They’s ladies here. Nobody ain’t
goin’ to git away with none of this rough
stuff.”

  The voice belonged to a deputy sheriff
who had appeared at the head of the stairs.
He was a surly, square-faced man, and he
had a gun in each hand, the holes in the bar-
rels of which, Hank afterward swore, were
big as stove pipes.

  They reached for the ceiling as com-
manded. There was nothing else to do.
The officer was at their backs with guns
on them, and he was entirely within his
rights and duty.

  They were disarmed, marched down-
stairs and up the street. They were halted
before a small building with one barred
window. The door was unlocked and they
were shoved in.

THE imprisoned rioters easily
agreed that this was an unprece-
dented outrage. They howled and
3 kicked the walls. They found the
cot and demolished it. They fought over the
blankets and finally went to sleep on the floor.
They began to awaken with the dawn.
“Blake,” said Hank, “we ought to uh
been hittin’ the trail to Maverick by day-
light.”

  “I’ve been thinking of that a long time,”
Blake grinned. “It ain’t any news to me.”
“Looks like this deputy has slep’ in. Who
is this hombre, anyhow? If ol’ Sheriff Lamb
himself’d been here, he wouldn’t uh pulled
off nothing like this. He’s strychnine an’
carbolic acid in a fracas, but he’s got some
judgment.”

  “Lamb is off swappin’ lead with some un-
lucky cuss, I reckon,” said one of the L-F
boys. “He must uh found this plug-ugly
deputy in Jackson’s Hole, or some other
desperado hang-out, an’ brung him here to
reform him. But he ain’t succeedin’.”

  “By cracky, Blake, we got to git out uh
here, that’s all they is to it. We’ll be missin’
that show. Anyhow, it’s plumb awful bein’

jailed with a gang uh despurt criminals like
these. It’s plumb awful.”

  This sally raised a violent protest from
the maligned ones, and three of them
stretched the fastidious Hank upon the
floor and sat upon him.

  They waited for the deputy with the pa-
tience of trapped coyotes. One of them
tugged at the bars. They were set rigidly.
Another kicked the door. It was nail-
studded and firm. Hank looked around,
down and up. He took hold of a rafter of
the ceilingless room, swung his body up-
ward and kicked the roof. The sheeting
bent encouragingly from the blow, so he
kicked again and again. The crackling of
loosened nails grew into the rending of
broken shingles and boards. A board came
loose, then another. They all scrambled
through the rent and slid to the ground.

  The town was just awakening as they
filed down the street. The sheriff’s office
was locked. They sought the deputy at
the restaurant and found him at breakfast.

  He kicked his chair backward precipi-
tately as he rose, reaching for his holsters.
“You’re supposed to be in the coop!”
“Right is right,” Hank said, holding up
his empty hands. “You needn’t go smokin’
up the room. We’re law-abidin’ citizens
an’ believe in abidin’ by the law. When
we’re in jail, we’re in the calaboose. But
we ain’t done nothin’ to be kep’ in the hoose-
gow all Summer for. We’ve got to git to
Maverick, or the show’ll be helt up an’ the
crowd kep’ waitin’. If you don’t let us out
—we’re givin’ you fair warnin’—we’re goin’
to bust out!”

  The deputy was not altogether devoid of
a sense of humor.

  “Well, since you’re here, you might as
well eat breakfast. Save me packin’ it to
you. Then we’ll go down an’ see the judge.”

IX

THEY were on the way to Mav-
erick at last, riding Nibs and
Deuteronomy toward the Clear
Creek pass. Many long miles
of rough trail were before them, and their
time was getting short. They approached
Tom Harris’ run-down ranch.

  “Wonder how ol’ Tom is feelin’ after the
dance,” said Hank. “We ought to stop
an’ say hello to the ol’ feller. He might be
lonesome.”
Lucky Moon

21

  "There’s no tiling doing,” Blake said
flatly. “It’s a fact Tom may have got his
old jug filled up again, but we ain’t got time
for you to get tanked up this morning. To-
morrow’s the last day to enter for the con-
tests. We’ve got a horse-killing trip at the
best. I only wish we had a relay strung
along with Nibs on the last short lap.

  “I know all that,” said Hank. “I don’t
want only one drink. I had too much last
night. Feel like the dickens today. It
wouldn’t take long to hit the jug just oncet.”
“If you get off your horse,” Blake threat-
ened, “I’ll hop off on top of you and rake
you full length. Do you get that?”

  “You’ll git the worst shakin’-up you ever
got in your life, cowboy, if you ever fork me.
Besides that, you’ll git bucked off an’
jumped on with all four feet. Git that?”
“That’s a good hand,” Blake laughed,
“but I’ve still got something to call with.
If you stop at Tom’s, I’ll ride on and leave
you. How do you like that?”

  “That beats me,” Hank admitted mourn-
fully. “But I would sure like to have about
four fingers of that jug under my belt. It
would make the world lots rosier. They’ve
got the hardest likker in the saloons an’ the
hardest floors in the jail at Riggin of any
town I ever seen.”

  But cruel fate defeated Blake’s best ef-
forts. As they were skirting Harris’ ranch
in silence, a figure came to the door of the
cabin and beckoned to them with frantic
insistence. Swearing with exasperation,
Blake followed Hank downward.

  Tom’s right jaw, bristling with a two
weeks’ growth of beard, looked as though
he were trying at one chew to masticate a
whole plug of tobacco. He barely recog-
nized Hank’s extravagantly jovial greeting.

  “What’s the matter, Tom?” Hank asked.
“Rattlesnake been workin’ on that jaw?
Maybe you didn’t heed my warnin’.”

  “Rattlesnake,-•!” Tom rasped. “I’ve

got a tooth that’s been achin’ fer two days,
till it’s developin’ into big-jaw an’ givin’ me
hydrophoby. Ain’t slep’ a wink fer two
nights. Want it pulled out.”

  “Pulled out!” exclaimed Hank. “Tryin’
to put us to work as soon as we show up! We
ain’t got time only to take one drink with
you. Why ain’t you went down to Riggin
to the doctor? It’s a sagebrush cinch we
ain’t dentists packin’ around a kit uh tools.”
“I ain’t got time to argy. I want it out!
I ain’t had no way to git to the city. Cussed

range stallion come an’ pawed my fence
down agin an’ led my hosses away. Rheu-
matics is worse’n ever.”

  “What can we pull a tooth with? That’s
a new one on me.”

  “How’d I know!” Tom shouted, losing
all patience. “Blacksmith tongs, wire pli-
ers, a hammer an’ cold chisel! What’d I
care! It’s got to come out or I’m due in
the Happy Huntin’— Ow!” He broke off,
clasping his jaw.

  He dived into the cabin, hauled the stone
jug from under the bunk and tilted it to his
lips.

  “This danged stuff ain’t got no more kick
than sody pop,” he said bitterly. “I could
drink a barrel of it in thirty minutes an’
never know I had a drop, less’n I could
smell my breath.”

  “Let me see,” said Hank. “You may be
lyin’ to save your likker. Anyhow, I’m
strong for sody pop an’ such truck, ’specially
if it’s got a wee bit uh body to it.” He
raised the jug and drank deeply.

  “Your ailments has put you out uh con-
dition to judge likker, Tom,” he said kindly,
passing the vessel to Blake.

  Blake shook his head irritably.

  “Let’s see what we can do with that
tooth,” he said, “or rope a horse for him,
or something. Then I’m going to get to
Maverick in time to enter for them con-
tests if I have to sprout wings and fly.”
“Yes!” Tom broke in savagely. “I want
action on this tooth!”

  Hank seized the jug and took three hur-
ried swallows.^

  “All right. Quit cussin’ an’ find some-
thing to pull it with. I’m feelin’ stronger,
now. Bet two thousand eight hundred dol-
lars I can pull the left lower fang of a five-
year-ol’ timber wolf with two fingers. Like
to see the tooth that can git me down!”

' Harris had hobbled desperately into a
lean-to shed. They followed. There was
a disorderly work bench, a primitive forge
and a jumble of rusty tools. They exam-
ined tongs, pliers and wrenches with their
proposed novel use in mind and discarded
them. At last Blake found an ancient bul-
let mold which more than any other instru-
ment at hand resembled forceps.

“Here,” he told Hank. “These are the
best we can do. Wash ’em off and try ’em.”
“Try ’em yourself. You found ’em. I’ll
hold the victim, bein’ stronger’n what you
are.”
22

Adventure

  “He won’t need no holdin’,” Tom said.
“He’s the interested party.”

  Back into the cabin they went. Harris
seated himself on a stool, tilted back his
head and opened his mouth as far as the
swelling permitted.

  “Now which is the one?” asked Blake.

  “Right thar.” Harris thrust a grimy fore-
finger into his mouth, indicating the general
direction of the right jaw.

  Blake with the implement of torture and
former molder of leaden slugs in his hand
peered into the orifice. He struck a match
to light the dark recesses, and Harris dodged
precipitately to avoid a blistered nose.

  Finally, after trying various positions,
Harris was turned toward the door, clutch-
ing the edges of the stool with both hands,
Hank supporting his head. Blake settled
upon the yellow snag of a molar and inserted
the improvised forceps.

  “Ugh—gug—gurgle!” Tom moaned as
Blake gave a tentative tug with the twelve
inch handles for leverage. The senile tooth
gave way and was lifted out.

  “Oh, lardy!” said Tom feelingly with his
face in his hands.

  “That don’t sound like he’s cussin’,” said
Hank. “I know he ain’t prayin’. I reckon
he’s just givin’ mild expression to what he
thinks is awful pain. Shows Tom is losin’
his nerve in his old days.

  “Here, take some uh this ginger ale,
Tom,” he said more sympathetically.
“How’s she feelin’ now? Better? Guess
we’ll have to hand it to ol’ Blake. It’s a
sagebrush cinch the world lost a good den-
tist when he took to punchin’ cows.”

  “Fine,” said Tom without enthusiasm.
“Wall, I don’t know. She still pains.” He
inspected the tooth which Blake had laid
on the table, and addressed it, “01’ boy, you
stood by me noble fer fifty or sixty year,
tearin’ up beef, buffaler steaks an’ venison,
crackin’ nuts an’ grippin’ good seegars. But
you’ve shore been raisin’ the mischief the
last two days.”

  “Now, Blake,” said Hank, “as soon as I
swaller another little sample uh Tom’s good
sody pop we can be on our way. We’ve
lost a little time, but we’ve done Tom
an’ Hank a lot uh good, that’s a sagebrush
cinch.”

  Blake strode desperately to the door
where he was arrested by a loud groan from
Tom.

  “Ugghhh!” Tom prospected again with

his finger. “Why you—’you-! That

ain’t the tooth a-tall!” Words failed him.
He glared wildly.

  “Well, by the looks of it, it’s a sagebrush
cinch it was ready to come, anyhow,” Hank
said. “You ain’t lost nothin’ valuable.
But we’ll git the real villain if we have to
yank ’em all out.”

  “Now you wipe that grin off’n your face
an’ be keerful, young feller,” Tom told
Blake as he picked up the molds again. “If
you jerk out any more sound teeth fer me
you’ll never git to Maverick.”

  “If you don’t keep your mouth open,”
Blake warned, “there’s no tellin’ what I’m
liable to get a-hold of. I’m just as anxious
to get this over with and ride off before
Hank gets laid out as you are.”

  “Sound teeth!” said Hank. “Tom, you
ain’t had a sound one in your head since
you shed your colt teeth.”

  Blake exercised care and made sure of the
offending member. As he put the mold
over it, Tom flinched so violently that he
overturned the stool and went backward to
the floor with an awful crash.

  “Hold on!” Blake knelt upon him. “For
the first time we’ve really got in shape for
action. Lay right there.”

  As he started to pull, Harris began to rise.
Hank heartlessly pressed him back upon the
floor and with laudable presence of mind set
one foot upon his forehead and one upon his
wildly waving right arm, holding him prone
and helpless.

  “Now go,” he told Blake.

  And to an accompaniment of smothered
imprecations and inarticulate blasphemies,
Blake went. And the tooth went with him.

THE drafted practitioners of
dental surgery watched Harris
rise slowly, balefully from the
floor. He spat a mouthful of
blood as he started toward the antlers
where his rifle rested. Hank seized and
thrust him into a chair, holding him until
the homicidal impulse had passed.

  “It shore feels better,” he said, relaxing.
“Glad you got it. Le’s see that jug now,
if it ain’t empty.”

  Danger averted, Hank collapsed. He
roared, strangled and coughed. He sank
helplessly to the floor where he rolled and
howled with his arms clasped over his abdo-
men.

  Tom eyed him with profound disgust.
Lucky Moon

23

  “You must think it’s danged funny,
young feller. I’ve got my private opinions
of a man that laffs at the tortures of his fel-
ler humans.”

  Hank’s paroxysm of mirth gradually sub-
sided and he rose to his feet wiping his eyes.

  “For-’s sake, let’s go, Hank,” said

Blake from the door.

  “All right. But first I’ve got to have one
more little shot uh this nerve tonic. That
was tryin’ labor.”

  “I’m shore glad you boys come by,” Tom
said gratefully. “You done me the world
of good. When it comes right down to it,
without no more practice than you’ve had,
you know more about pullin’ teeth than
nine out of ten of these new-fangled mouth-
doctors. An’ that ain’t sayin’ much fer
you,” he added as an afterthought. “Did
I ever tell you about that danged dentist
that wanted to pull all my teeth, good ones
along with the rest? After my money!

  “If you have a lot of luck over to the ro-
deo an’ happen to git aholt of a gob of easy
money, don’t fergit what I told you about
the wisdom of investin’ in some good prop-
erty. It can’t git away from you if you do
that. Of course, there’d be a little fixin’-up
fer you to do around the buildin’s an’ corrals
and so forth, but I’ve got a hundred acres of
as good land as ever laid out of doors, an’
worlds of range jest off the back yard.”

  “A little fixin'!” said Hank. “You mean
a lot uh fixin’. Do you think we want our
wife to be sooin’ for divorce the first day?
But we’ll like as not buy the ranch when
we git back, twine string-an’ toothpick-
fences an’ all. I’ve talked to Blake like a
father about the evils uh matrimony with
tears in my eyes big as baseballs, time an’
time ag’in. But it don’t do no good.

  “Here lately he’s aimin’ to git married.
He rode ah the way to Riggin to dance with
one dame. She wasn’t there, an’ he got so
blue I had to git the deputy sheriff to take
his gun off him an’ lock him up to keep him
from commitin’ sideways.”

  “I don’t doubt it,” said Tom. “When a
young feller dances with one gal all night,
don’t notice none of the other young ladies,
it’s nigh time he was fixin’ up a place to
raise his family in.”

  “Good bye, Hank,” Blake called from the
yard. “I’ll tell you how Maverick looked
when I get back.”

  “I’m cornin’,” Hank yelled as he seized
the jug hurriedly. “Just three seconds,

Blake, for a taste uh this ice cream sody, an’
I’ll be with you.”

  Hank weaved to his horse, swung into the
saddle and gripped his knees under the swell
of the fork. Then he defied all the laws of
gravity.

  “Blake,” he said, “I love you like a broth-
er. I love you like four brother an’ three
sisters. I want you to git to Maverick in
time to win that silver mounted rig more’n
you do. Therefore, I’m goin’ to do some-
thing for you. You ain’t afraid of a rough
trail, are you?”

  “No!” Blake had tumbled from the rag-
ged edge of his patience. “Hank, in the

name of-’s bald-headed bartender, shut

up and lead out! I could ride to Maverick
by way of Kansas City before you’d get
through talking.”

  “All right, cowboy. We’ll go north instid
of east for a ways. I’m goin’ to Maverick
the way a crow would fly, if he had any
brains—the shortest way.

  “I’ll lead you over a trail that’ll make
your eyes bug out till you could knock ’em
off with a pitchfork handle, where if ol’ Nibs
steps six inches too far to one side he’ll
roll a mile down a hill so steep a magpie has
got to put on britchin’ before he can fly
down.”

  They followed stock trails northward
around Mt. Minidoka to Blue River and
turned up the canyon. As they advanced
it grew steeper and steeper, the walls more
abrupt, the stream more precipitate, tum-
bling, boiling down an unending series of
rapids. Soon they approached the mouth
of a black gorge which the water had
slashed through the granite buttresses of
the range like a wound. Here it is swirled
among and over giant boulders, falling
against a cliff on one side, recoiling to a
wall of black rock on the other.

  Hank, leading, turned in his saddle grin-
ning with sardonic glee and shouted some-
thing, but his voice was drowned in the
thunder of falling water. He turned from
the stream and pushed his horse up a
treacherous shell rock slide, then followed
a ledge around the cliff so narrow that a
horse had almost to walk on air, with jag-
ged rocks and white water a hundred feet
below. Whenever possible to take his eyes
from the trail, he looked back grinning.

  Blake shut his teeth and followed without
visible hesitation. He stayed on his horse,
though on the narrowest parts of the shelf
24

Adventure

he had to take his feet from the stirrup on
the inside and draw up his leg while Nibs,
trembling, rubbed his side along the rock,
utilizing every inch of space.

  They passed the point and found a breath-
ing space. Here the cliffs bent back form-
ing a tiny, almost circular valley where
the stream flowed smoothly through quiet
pools and for a hundred yards the going
was easy.

  “What’d you think of it?” Hank asked.
“That was just a starter.”

  “I thought you said you was going to
show me a rough trail, and here you go lead-
ing off down a reg’lar bowlyvard.”

  “You ain’t kiddin’ me. I could see the
ol’ eyes buggin’ out. This trail, cowboy, is
the Hank Fairless trail. Nobody, as I
know of, don’t know nothin’ about it—
don’t even know its name. You ask Jim
Taylor, or Tom McAlister, or Satory or any
of ’em an’ they’ll tell you Blue Canyon ain’t
passable for cow, steer, bull or cayuse—•
ain’t passable for nothin’ except cougars an’
bob cats.

  “But ol’ Hank Fairless don’t bel’eve all
he hears, or even much of what he sees. He

tried this trail oncet when he was in a-

of a hurry to git to Maverick. An’ he’s
just as much alive as ever—though it’s a
fact he ain’t growed much since. This way,
it’s only ’bout thirty five miles from White’s
ranch to Hitchcock’s Basin, ag’inst seventy
around by Clear Crick.”

  At the upper end of the little valley they
left the creek bed, zigzagged up the right
hand wall and went onward along the
almost perpendicular mountain side. Their
trail was at the upper rims of sheer walls of
rock, cliffs above, fearsome depths below
from which came the subdued thunder of
cataracts. The broken deer trails they
followed dropped or climbed abruptly past
fallen trees and impassable points of rock.

  It was late afternoon when they emerged
from the canyon into a high basin, green
with lush wild grass in a setting of giant
peaks. Blue River headed there, leaving
the basin on the west in a sheer drop of a
hundred feet. The streams following the
canyons between the peaks on the north and
east also found their sources in the springs
fed by the rotting drifts in the clefts of
the naked peaks.

  They camped that night in the meadow
and at sundown next afternoon were in
Maverick.

     X

IT WAS a cow town of two thou-
sand inhabitants normally, the
population now enormously in-
increased by the show. Stock-
men and punchers had gathered in some
hundreds of horses who harbored inveterate
antipathy to anything on their backs.

  Many fleet horses were there to be ridden
in races by cowgirls and squaws, cowboys
and Nez Perce braves. There were long-
horned, long-legged, wild and nimble steers
to be turned loose in the arena for ropers
to perform on, and bulls that were deemed
unridable.

  It was a goodly place and goodly time,
several days given over to festivity while
sober business was laid aside and people
swarmed in for the fun. The streets were
full of horses bearing Indians in ancestral
paint and feathers and cowboys gorgeously
appareled.

  “A lot of them couldn’t ride a ringboned,
knock-kneed, spavined jackrabbit,” said
Hank with a disapproving eye on the bril-
liant silk shirts and mufflers, “but they
think they look like seven hundred dollars
on a gentle horse.”

  Blake turned his jaded horse over to a
stable-man with brief and decisive instruc-
tions about oats, blanket, and, above all,
special care at the watering trough until
Nibs had cooled off. He dropped a dollar
tip into the man’s hand and hurried to the
Rodeo headquarters. There he signed up
and paid his entrance fees for the bucking,
bulldogging and roping contests. Then, for
the first time in two days, his mind was free
of anxiety.

  They had two days to kill before the show
opened. On the night of the second day,
Blake and Hank, seeking diversion ^ in
different lines, were separated. Near mid-
night, somewhat the worse for many drinks,
Hank found Blake at a table in a crowded
back room. He was bucking a blackjack
game against a worried dealer. A great
pile of counters, coins and bills were before
him. Rob White was playing at the table,
also, but his visible supply of wealth was
not large.

  As Hank shouldered his way to Blake’s
side he saw Jeff and Pete Jamison and two
or three of the L-F boys in the crowd.

  “Your pardner’s goin’ strong,” one of the
L-F hands told Hank. “He’s blame nigh
Lucky Moon

25

made a porper out uh that twenty-one
dealer. If they’s enough money bade uh
the game, an’ his luck holds, he can buy the
house before mornin’.”

  “Oh, boy!” Hank whispered ecstatically.
“Enough kale to buy all the likker in the
world!”

  He watched Blake, betting the limit, draw
two face cards. The dealer turned over
nineteen. Rob had also bet the limit, and
his cards counted seventeen.

  Hank had no time to sympathize with
Rob.

  “Pay us!” he shouted, smiting Blake
between the shoulders. “Oh, whiteface
steers an’ bunch grass! What’s the use uh
workin’!”

  The cards were dealt again. This time
Blake drew an ace and a king. Rob had
drawn to a face card and four spot. He
drew a jack, which made him too many.

  “Twenty-one!” bellowed Hank. “That’s
the name uh the game! Pay us oncet an’ a
hah!”

  The dealer drew in the last of Rob’s
money, added more to it and paid Blake.

  Rob looked on for a few minutes and saw
Blake win time after time with a marvelous
run of luck. Then he walked over to Jeff
Jamison.

  “I’ve been in town three hours, Jeff.
Now I’m broke. I’ve got to have some jack
or I might as well leave. Lend me fifty.”

  “Not to buck no games with,” the satur-
nine Jeff told him bluntly. “You can’t
play cards for sour owl grease.”

  “I don’t want to gamble any more.”

  “Well, sure. But no poker or blackjack,
mind you.”

  “Much ’bliged, Jeff. If I never pay you,
you’ll always have it coming, so you’ll never
be without resources.”

  “Oh, I ain’t afraid about gettin’ paid.
If you have trouble savin’ up that much
coin, you can do some work for me, help me
out some way. We’ll figure out some way
so it won’t be too hard for you to pay it
back.”

  “-of a note for Mark White’s son to

be suffering for want of spendin’ money.
The old man’s a good Injun, but he ain’t the
fastest money-maker in the world by a long
shot. He hit this country a long, long time
ago. He had just as good a chance to pick
up a quarter of a million as that stiff-necked
old grouch of an Is Brown. But he didn’t
do it, and the result is I can’t pay my way in

a fast game more’n thirty minutes at a
time.”

  Rob had drunk three stiff highballs be-
fore sitting into the blackjack game.

  “I’ve got a picture of Mark White finan-
cin’ any gamblin’ for you if he had three
quarters of a million.” Jeff grinned sourly.
“Not unless you frisked his pockets.”

  Blake was still winning, and Hank was at
his side, gesticulating and uttering loud,
profane ejaculations of joy. But a thing
as good as that couldn’t last forever. The
dealer, grinning gamely, paid a final bet
and announced the game broke.

  “Aw, that’s luck for you!” Hank wailed.
“Just when we git to cashin’ in, the mint
breaks down!”

  But his eyes shone as Blake scooped his
small fortune into his hat, filling it to the
rim, and counted the money over to the bar-
tender to be put into the saloon safe.

  The house drank on him twice, from
wealthy cattlemen to mooching stew-bums.

  “What’s the use uh workin’!” reiterated
Hank as he tossed down the second drink.
“I travel with a ranny what rides with the
new moon shinin’ on his right shoulder.”
“Seems to be a lot better playin’ cards
than bustin’ broncs,” observed the satur-
nine Jeff Jamison.

  “Huh!” Hank whirled upon him. “He
can play cards, that’s a sagebrush cinch,
but the way he plays cards ain’t nothin’ to
the way he can claw a high-steppin’ mus-
tang. I’ve got—le’s see how much I got
that says he wins the saddle. I’m backin’
ol’ Blake Moody even ag’inst the field.”

  He dug to the bottoms of his pockets and
found thirty-two dollars and a few cents.
He slammed the coins upon the bar.

  “Now back up your talk. Cover that
thirty-two bones an’ two bits. Put up or
shut up!”

  “You seem to be forgettin’ that Sally
Patica ain’t dead yet,” Jamison said as he
placed the equivalent of Hank’s total
wealth in the bartender’s hands.

  “Huh!” Hank had forgotten, but he came
back bravely. “What’d I care for that
line-back crowbait! Blake can ride ’er
bareback with slick heels. He’s onto her
style now.”

  “I see him git off her style once in short
order.” And for the benefit of the crowd,
Jeff briefly sketched the incident in the
Clear Creek corral and emphasized Hank’s
loss of his last dollar.
26

Adventure

  The laugh that Jeff’s recital provoked led
Hank off the subject for effective repartee.

“WHAT’S the matter with you,
Jeff, is you’ve got a ringbone in
your brain. Your thinker, when-
ever you try to use it—which,

-knows, ain’t often—cripples along like

a stove-up stage horse.”

  “You’ll have a ringbone in your jaw, if
you keep on runnin’ off at the mouth much
longer,” Jamison threatened angrily.

  “You ain’t man enough to put it there,”
Hank stated belligerently, thrusting out
his face. Trouble started immediately.

  Jamison swung, going clear to Missouri
for the wallop. It was a powerful blow but
badly directed. The fist missed the jaw
and damaged itself on Hank’s adamantine
skull.

  Almost instantly the fighters were in a
circle a scant two paces wide, walled by a
close-packed mass of men. A six foot ring
was room enough for Fairless and Jamison.
They fought without science, standing toe
to toe, and launched awkward blows, driv-
ing them with all the weight of their
strength and enmity into unprotected heads
and bodies. Eyes puffed, noses and lips
bled. All their genuis was for offense, none
for defense. Ultimate victory was purely
a question of which could longer endure the
punishment.

  Five minutes of whirlwind action and
they both were nearing exhaustion. They
moved closer, glaring, snarling, smote each
other, clutched and swayed, straining from
side to side, each bent on getting the other
nethermost upon the floor.

  Pete Jamison edged around to where
Blake stood in the inner circle.

  “It’s even ain’t it?” said Pete.

  “Looks like it.”

  “What say we stop it? No use to let
the danged fools beat each other to death.
The crowd’s gettin’ a danged sight more fun
out of it than they are.”

  “Suits me. Get ready to grab your man.”

  He waited until Pete wrapped his arms
around his brother; then he shot out an
arm, seized Hank by the shirt collar and
jerked. Hank was torn from his adver-
sary’s clinch and overbalanced. Blake ran
backward through the crowd and out the
door. Hank could not regain his equilib-
rium and could only wave his arms wildly,
sputtering and strangling.

  “You’re a fine friend!” he stormed when
Blake released him. “Just when I’m gittin’
him where I want him, you drag me off uh
him! Why didn’t you let me beat that
guy to death! Main reason I come back
to this--forsaken country!”

   “I felt sorry for him!” Blake said, inspect-
ing Hank’s beefy face. “Besides, I want
you to herd the buckers for me tomorrow.
Now let’s find a restaurant and get a
good thick steak, raw, for that map of
yours.”

   “I’ll herd the buckers for you, all right.
But some uh these days when you’re drag-
gin’ me off uh somebody you’re goin’ to
make a miss lick an’ choke me plumb to
death.” Hank felt of his throat. “Then
you’ll feel dog-gone sorry whenever you
ride by my grave.”

  “The biggest danger comes when I’m
draggin’ you from under somebody,” Blake
said.

XI

BLAKE rode two hard and showy
buckers the first day, scratching
even more recklessly than any
reasonable judge would have re-
quired. Between whiles he dived from the
galloping Nibs and grasped the horns of
speeding steers. He brought them up
standing, then hurled them from their feet
while judges held stop-watches on him, and
lay in the wide hollow of horns holding them
with teeth clenched on bovine lips, his arms
extended. He roped and tied steers against
time.

  The second day was a repetition of the
first, except that the contestants against
whom he rode were fewer in number and
more skilful than had been the average of
the day before.

  On the first day Jamison’s buckskin mare
eliminated three of his competitors for the
saddle by rolling them ingloriously in the
dust; and on the second, two more. She
unloaded them, good riders though most of
them were, so quickly and with such small
expenditure of energy that the management
used her again and again.

  She was a wise outlaw who never strug-
gled against rope, halter, or saddle, but
conserved all her wind and strength to use
against the rider.

  On the third day with the semi-finals
bucked out, the contest narrowed down to
the final three, Blake and Hank were at the
Lucky Moon

27

rear side of the arena where the corrals and
stables were located.

  Hank was sober and more palpably nerv-
ous than Blake. His anxiety was touching.
They heard a rider and horse announced.

  “Strychnined Heely Monsters!” said
Hank. “Wish that broom straw of a Slim
Doke could uh drawed that line-back streak
uh greased lightnin’. She’d boost him into
the bleachers. By golly, Blake, they was
two chances in three ag’inst you gittin’ her.
Accordin’ to the luck you been playin’ in so
far, you surely won’t draw her. I want you
to git a good horse, a horse that jumps so
hard an’ crooked an’ high that only ’bout
two men in the world can stay in the saddle
three jumps; but I don’t crave to see you
mount a horse that no man can ride! It’s
good night nurse for the hombre they put up
ag’in them Jamison’s Epsom Salts.”

  They saw the outlaw, one Shoestrings by
name, led into the arena, head high, ears
twitching, mane tossing. They watched
Slim Doke mount. And they saw him make
a beautiful ride on the lean black horse, who
with his lightning, crooked leaps had had his
share of the conquests in the past two days.

  “Listen at the danged fools yell!” Hank
snarled as the grandstand and bleachers
rocked with cheers of approval. “A sick
Chinyman could ride that rockin’ horse
sideways.”

  The vanquished outlaw was led away.
Doke stood before the grandstand and
bowed sweepingly to the applause.

  “Listen!” The megaphones began bawling
that the next rider up would be Blake
Moody on Sally Patica. “Oh, my pore
orphant children!” Hank groaned. “Who
said little Hank an’ Blake could ever have
any luck!”

  “I’ve knew it ever since last night,” was
Blake’s astounding statement, “when I
pulled her name out of a hat. I’m tickled
to death. The bird that rides that mare
will win the saddle whether he’s the best
rider or not.”

  A mighty cheer had come from the
crowd. Both names had become very fa-
miliar during the past two days, Blake as a
graceful daring rider, the mare as an un-
ridable bundle of erratic steel springs bound
in pale yellow hide. Blake and the wild
mare were stars in the barbaric show.

  Hank did not share the pleasurable thrill
of the crowd.

  “Boy,” he said glumly, “the ol’ moon’s

sure failed us. If I had a moon that
brought me luck by gittin’ my dome caved
in, got me jailed an’ my char’ter an’ pocket-
book damaged without no cause, led me up
till I could touch the horn of a five-hundred-
dollar silver-mounted saddle with the tips
uh my finger nails, an’ then wouldn’t let me
walk off with it, boy, I’d lay off uh that
moon.”

  “Don’t you think I’m going to ride the
buckskin?”

  “No. Do you?”

  “Watch me.”

  “You mean to have my rope ready to
drag you out from under her after you

hit the ground. That she--’s a female

steamboat. I know you can ride, Blake,
ride with the best of ’em; but I’ve got my
doubts about any ranny stickin’ her out
without lockin’ his spurs, hobblin’ his stir-
rups, an’ pullin’ leather with both hands.
She—she ain’t human, that’s all. An’ the
man she bucks off ain’t goin’ to win no
saddle.”

  “You’re about as cheerful as a starving
buzzard, today,” Blake told him. “You
don’t scare me, but you sure do give me a
pain.”

  “Hank carried Blake’s saddle in one hand
as he rode down before the crowd. Blake
in scarred chaps and drab flannel shirt
walked beside him. The mass of human-
ity in grandstand and bleachers shouted
and waved to the gladiators.

  Then silence settled down as they waited
for hope to be realized or blasted. For all,
from the purest tenderfeet to the critical
judges, knew that this ride if successful de-
termined the championship. The mare had
seemed unconquerable. Already she had
eliminated riders, two at least among the
five, championship caliber. If Blake stayed
with her, the decision was foreordained.

  Hank took the halter rope and drew the
mare’s nose up the horn of his saddle. An
attendant cinched on the rig while Blake
watched carefully. Then, to all appear-
ance perfectly cool, he swung into the saddle,
settled his feet in the stirrups and grasped
the single rope rein.

  “Good luck, cowboy,” said Hank tragi-
cally as he unsnapped the snubbing halter
to draw it off.

  “Quit crying, turn her loose and watch
us go,” Blake said grimly.

  Hank jerked off halter and blinder and
swung his horse away.
28

Adventure

  The mare went instantly into action.
With a deep-throated bawl she leaped, high
and far, twisted in the air like a great cat
and struck the ground at right angles to the
direction she had started. Gathering her-
self without an instant’s loss of time, the
second leap began as the first ended, and
again and again, twisting, snapping, striking
the ground with her forefeet at such an
angle that her shoulders were almost on the
ground. Only her unbelievable strength
and agility enabled her to hold her feet at
all.

  Few men in the crowd—though many had
spent their lives on the range—had seen
such bucking.

  And Blake—? As Hank watched, fear
for his friend went away and frenzied delight
took its place. Blake was staying in the
saddle, swaying easily to the brain-addling
twisting of the horse. His sombrero was
brushing the mare’s ears and hips; and each
time she left the ground his boots described
a long arc between her neck and the skirts
of his saddle.

  She had bucked him off once fairly; but
in that and in a half dozen succeeding ex-
hibitions she had revealed her style to him.
On this day before the frantic crowd he rode,
fanned and scratched her to a finish, out-
guessing her through all her sunfishing,
pivoting, back-hitching, and crooked plung-
ing until she was beginning to slow up from
exhaustion, and Hank, at a sign from the
judges, galloped alongside and lifted him
from the saddle.

WHEN they left Maverick, Blake
was riding the silver-mounted
saddle. He had received the cash
which was part of the prize in the
bucking contest. He had second prize in
the bull-dogging and first in the steer-
roping. Altogether, with those prizes and
his winnings in the blackjack game, he was
heavy with wealth and local fame.

  “Now what do you aim to do with all the
money an’ notoriety you got in this man’s
country?” Hank asked as they rode away.
“I’m beginnin’ to git worried about you.
I’ll never say nothin’ ag’in the moon no
more.”

  “I’m going to leave the jack in the bank
for the time being and enter for first money
in the Clear Creek Sunday school.”

  “I suppose you’re just tryin’ to kid me,”
Hank said. “But I can’t tell, you might be

just that foolish. And with that moon
backin’ you, I ain!t got a doubt you could be
the biggest preacher in the world in thirty
days, if you tried, an’ married to the Queen
uh Spain in the bargain.”

  “I wish I’d never said nothin’ about
Sunday school to you. I didn’t mean no
harm. It just sort of slipped out when I
said it. Still, if you do go wrong, my con-
science will always hurt me.”

XII

             THE Sunday following his re-
.	turn from Maverick, Blake dressed

           himself carefully in the thoroughly
presentable suit he had bought in
the rodeo town and rode to the Clear Creek
school house on Nibs and his new saddle.

   Before he reached it the frontier temple
bell was tonguing the call to worship. With
more trepidition than facing the redoubtable
outlaw had evoked, he entered the school
room, and striving to be inconspicuous,
took a seat far in the rear, where-in his
isolation he loomed like an unskilfully
blotched brand.

   His eyes swept the little congregation and
located her. Betty was in virginal white.

   Blake was not allowed to remain long in
isolation. He was made welcome and intro-
duced into the Young People’s class, vyhich
consisted principally of young women. He
tried his best to bear himself with dignity
and poise, and the effort made him a very
quiet young man.

  After the meeting the folks crowded
around him, to his unmitigated discomfort,
insisting that he promise to come again.

  Mark White did more than that. He
came down the aisle with his wife and
daughter. Betty greeted him shyly. Mrs.
White in motherly manner inquiring par-
ticularly after all the details of his health.
Mr. White shook Blake’s hand warmly and
said he was glad to see him lending other
young fellows a good example. And ac-
tually' invited him home with them to dine.

  Of such luck Blake had not dreamed. It
was nothing short of a miracle—or moon-
magic.

  There were other guests, two neighbor
families. Blake learned that the Whites
always kept an open house on Sunday.

   There were at first no other men except
the husbands and fathers of the two families,
among whom was Jane Compton’s father.
Lucky Moon

29

But a little later in the afternoon, to Blake’s
downright annoyance, appeared Dick
Young.

  He came into the house smiling with
what seemed to Blake a proprietary air.
His expression changed somewhat at sight
of Blake.

  “Hello, Young.”

  “How’re you, Moody. I hear you packed
off about everything that was loose around
Maverick.”

  “I left the recreation park,” Blake said,
“so somebody else would have a place to
work next year. How’s things around the
Bar Y?”

  “Not the best in the world. Lost a year-
lin’ with blackleg the other day. Sent to
the outside for a veterinary. If I was a
good poker player and bronco-buster, be-
lieve I’d just quit ranching.”

  That was something of an underhanded
thrust, since anything in the nature of
gambling was taboo in the White home.

  “Well,” said Blake, his eyes level and un-
smiling, “I don’t claim to be extra good at
either one; but if you decide to make the
change, I’ll do all I can to find somebody fit
to give you lessons.”

  Between the two young men there was no
apparent difference in station. No longer
did Young eclipse Blake in the matter of
apparel. He had paid a tailor at Maverick
a sum running into three figures for a per-
fectly fitting suit. If anything, his clothes
were in better taste than the rancher’s, fully
as rich, and less pretentious.

  Dick’s arrival brought temporary re-
straint upon the younger members of the
party. Jane strove to dispel it.

  She commanded Betty to sing. And
Betty sang a simple love song to her ac-
companiment. She commanded Young,
who had listened entranced, to sing.

  “Lord, Jane,” he said. “You know I
don’t know anything that’s fit to sing.
And you know I couldn’t sing it if I did.
I’d rather just listen.”

  “So should we. We like to be entertained
as well as you. Haven’t you learned that
in this life the piper must be paid? Surely
you are willing to pay your share.”

  “That ain’t fair, Jane,” Young said,
flushing. And with secret joy Blake re-
membered Hank’s characterization of the
afflicted and highly endowed girl.

  “She don’t care a whoop how hard she
shoots it into a feller,” Hank had said.

  “Darn it, Jane,” Young weht on. “No-
body ever saw me try to squirm out of pay-
ing my way when I had anything to pay
with. But I don’t propose to stand up be-
side that pie-ano and beller for your amuse-
ment.”

  “Isn’t it dreadful, Dick,” said Jane, “to
be summoned to a path of glory and then be
found wanting?”

  In Young’s flushed face was unqualified
exasperation.

  “Now, Blake,” Jane said, “if you fail me

—I don’t care how poor your effort may be,
so it’s honest—if you fail me outright, I’m
going to scream and tear my hair. What
will you sing?” She smiled at him impishly.

“Don’t know.” Blake rose to his feet.
“Play it.”

  Her. slim fingers fluttered over the keys
and there came forth the first bars of a
hymn.

FOR THE descendants of the pio-
neers who builded these United
States, bankers, butchers, brokers
and cowpunchers, the ringing old
hymns are part of their heritage. No one
would ever have committed the error of
ranking Blake as a churchman. Perhaps
choirs had sent their voices to him through
open windows as he passed. It may be that
Salvation Army lassies had sung the hymn
into his memory—and Blake’s memory had
been peculiarly fashioned for the retention
of songs and airs—from before saloons in
cow towns.

  Jane looked over her shoulder with the
mischievious smile as she began, but as
Blake launched into the song her smile gave
way to a look of wonder.

“When we walk with the Lord, in the light of His
      Word,

   What a glory It sheds on our way.

When we do His good will, He abides with us Still,

   And with all who will trust and obey.”

  She played one verse and the chorus,
then paused and, by a coincidence that to
Blake seemed too striking to be accidental,
struck into the prelude of “I’ll take you
home again, Kathleen.” He saw in it an
omen of the goddess. Fortune, who had
been smiling so persistently upon him,
and all his self-assurance rushed back
to him.

  If he had sung well at the Elkhorn, he
was a scintillating artist in Mark White’s
30

Adventure

parlor. His voice was a baritone of sur-
prizingly good quality and range, and he
sang with feeling. As he finished, Jane
turned on her stool.

  “You can sing. You can sing. You are
quite the most wonderfully versatile cow-
boy I have ever known—not even excepting
Richard Young. But then Dick is a ranch-
er, anyway.

  “However, I have no doubt you well
know how wonderful you are.” She turned
back to the keyboard.

  Then fate, which seemed dogging Young’s
footsteps that day, smote him. One of his
men came galloping on a sweaty horse with
news that the looked-for veterinary had
arrived at the Bar Y with a proposal for
wholesale and indiscriminate injection of
blackleg serum into all the numerous indi-
viduals of the herd. Dick’s immediate
presence was urgently required.

  He made his adieus without the best
grace in the world and rode away.

  Blake tried his utmost to feel sorry that
the deadly malady was threatening the
cattle of that section, but the best he could
do was to feel profound relief that Young
had gone.

  The old folks came in to listen and to
give unstinted and sincere praise. The
afternoon was briefer than an hour in the
saddle at the tail of a bawling herd.

  Blake with Betty and Jane walked along
the road beside the river. The sun was
dropping down to the jagged crest of the
Seven Devils. The color that was rising
in the sky was mirrored in the stream, the
coral and amethyst, the jade and royal
purple. There was magic in the time and
place, and the witchery was stealing into
Blake’s soul.

  They were three young of the species,
with youth’s understanding of the moods of
youth. Jane voiced Blake’s restlessness.
She hummed a sentimental air, Then—

  "I wish we had the piano out here beside
the water. I’d like to hear Blake sing un-
der the sky. The acoustics of that little
room aren’t right for his voice. You must
serenade me some moonlight night, Blake,
and sing ‘Juanita.’ Bring with you some-
one who can strum a guitar. You don’t
need really to mean it. Just sing as though
you do. That’s all I ask. Imagine me
Betty, if you wish.

  “Isn’t the world just achingly beautiful?
I wish I were a great poet, or a lovely and

talented actress with a voice sweet as a
silver bell. How do you like this?” And
she declaimed:

   “—And like the baseless fabric of this vision,

  The cloud-capped towers, the gorgeous palaces,
  The solemn temples, the great globe itself,

   Yea, all which it is inherit, shall disolve,

   And, like this insubstantial pageant faded,

  Leave not a rack behind. We are such stuff
  As dreams are made of; and our little life
  Is rounded with a sleep.”

  Blake had never read “The Tempest,”
but he knew that the bard had spoken
truly. He felt poignantly the transiency
of all things, colored days that passed
never to come again, opportunities that
would not be repeated before the day
of doom.

  The rattle of Mr. Compton’s two-seated
carriage sounded behind them mingled with
the quick hoof-beats of his light driving
team. Blake handed Jane into the vehicle
while the spirited horses champed their
bits and pranced; goodbys were said; the
bays were given rein. Blake and Betty
were alone in the magic twilight.

  “Isn’t she a wonderful girl?” Betty said,
looking after the departing carriage.

  Blake did not answer, but the intensity of
his gaze drew her eyes to his.

  “A penny for you thoughts,” she said.
“Do you know,” he said with fine irrele-
vance, “I’m beginning to like your Sunday
school. I never knew before that Sunday
school was so darn interesting.”

  “You must have begun to change very
recently.” She smiled. “I heard of your
luck at Maverick. If Sunday school and
the chance to ride a wild horse conflict,
which will you choose?”

  “Not the horse. I’ve reformed. I’m
going to buy a ranch, save my money and
be rich and stingy and good the rest of my
life.”

  “This wonderful reformation doesn’t
seem to have worked much change in your
appearance. I suppose it’s still all below
the surface. You look no better—I mean,
no different.”

  “But I am, just the same. I’m a dif-
ferent man. Say, do you like poets better
than bronco-busters?”

  “I never knew one. Please don’t ask me
to believe that you are out to win a saddle
writing poetry.”

  “I ain’t got that far. In fact, I’m just
beginning to feel the need of poetry. The
Lucky Moon

3i

thoughts in my head are quite a bit like a
band of Nevada mustangs that’s just been
hazed oil the desert, down a canon and into
a willow corral they hadn’t known was
there. Here they are, milling, snorting,
circling the fence, looking for a way out.
You’ve got to get a good rope on said mus-
tang and jerk a few kinks out of him before
he’s any good.

  “That’s where poetry comes in. When
thoughts like I’ve been having the last few
weeks get corraled in my head, ordinary
words are no better than binding twine—•
can’t hold ’em. Poetry is the good riata
that hauls the front legs out from under ’em
and holds ’em down for the saddle. When
you’ve got something to say that’s way
way above the average, ordinary words
don’t turn the trick.

“WILL you let me tell you some
poetry? It’s almost as good as
what Jane was saying.”

  “Surely,” she said. “Naturally
I’m terribly interested in these mustang-
thoughts of yours.”

  Blake’s eyes were unsmiling.

  “I suppose you think I didn’t mean what
I said about your Sunday school. I do,
though. Till just lately I never thought
much about immortality; but I like the idea.
This life is a good show—hills, winds, des-
erts, people having fun and trouble, and
good horses. But it’s too short. No soon-
er do we start to live than we get old and
ready to die. Immortality—I like it. May-
be we can get another whirl at the game in
another life.”

  “Why, of course,” she said seriously. “I
supposed everybody believed in a future
life. I don’t want to die. I want to live
forever. And I want the things I love to
live forever, Jane and—and I like my piano
better than a harp.”

  “But don’t you like to live just the way
things are on this old world? Can’t you
have a cracking good time, no matter how
far we may be living from Heaven?”

  “Why, yes, surely. I’m happy—that is,
most always.”

  “Now in regard to this poem—I ain’t
claiming I wrote it. I’m using somebody
else’s riata to rope my ideas. He’s got
a better rope than mine. He can get hold of
the thoughts, say what I mean, better than
I can. But it’s mine now. It says ex-
actly what I want to say.”

 His voice, flexible and colorful, gave good

 expression to the poem.

 “A Norseman’s ship on a Norseman’s sea,

 And the grim, gray northern sky;

 A straining sail and a line of shields
 As the freezing waves fling by.

 I was the Norseman and prayed to Thor
 In the seas of the berg and floe;

 And you were a maid on the homeward shore
 In the days so long ago.”

 A flush stole into her face. “This is just
 a poem, isn’t it?”

 “Yes. A poem that’s got my thought
 in a noose.

 “A breathless sea and a setting sun
 And the end of a losing fight.

 Just a sinking ship and a Norseman’s death.

 Then a silent northern night.

 I was the Norseman. With many more
 I answered the call below;

 And you were a maid on the homeward shore
 In the days so long ago.”

 “You are choosing less picturesque ways
 to die in your reincarnation.” She tried to
 break him from his seriousness. “An
 outlaw horse doesn’t compare in romance
 with a Norseman’s galley.”

 “Listen:

 “In other lives, in other times,

 I have loved you and wooed and won.

 We have lived and loved with the old, old love
 Till each short life was done.

 Through endless life, through endless time,

 While the deep tides ebb and flow,

 We shall love and meet on the homeward shore
 As we did so long ago.”

 She could summon no light repartee
 with which to meet him. Her eyes had
 fallen, color played in her cheeks.

 The light had dimmed to deep twilight. .
 There was silence except for the murmur of
 the stream and the whisper of a scented
 breeze.

 “That’s you and me, Betty,” Blake’s
 vibrant voice had grown husky. “When I
 first seen you, I knew you. I’ve loved you
 for a million years.”

 The red lips for which he had hungered
 met his. Then she struggled from his
 arms.

 “Blake, I won’t be swept away like this!

 I won’t! I won’t! I hardly know you. I
 don’t know who you are, nor where you’re
 from, nor what you plan to do with your
 life.”

 “You know me as well as you’ll ever
 know anybody, Betty. I’m just what I
 look and sound like. My past life is a
32

Adventure

dream, good and bad. I’ve just found why
I was ever put on earth—to love you. That
is my business from here on out.

  “If you’re bound to be practical—I told
the truth about buying that ranch. I can
make as much money as your father makes.
You can do anything you’ve been in the
habit of doing. And, if you say so, I’ll even
join the church.”

  “I don’t want to be practical, I want—
Come back next Sunday—no, tomorrow. I
want you to go now.”

  “Tell me first if you love me.”

  “Yes,” she whispered breathlessly, “but
I’m not at all sure that I should. Now let
me run home and cry.”

  But she was persuaded to weep in his
arms instead. Then she raised her wet
face and admitted tremulously that she was
glad and happy.

  Late stars were rising when they parted
lingeringly at the gate.

  Prowling night beasts heard Blake’s
clear voice ringing as he rode slowly along
the rough dirt road with his reins loose on
his horse’s neck. Nibs had eaten his fill of
hay in Mark White’s barn, and Blake was
full of the music of the spheres.

  If the gang at the Elkhom had heard him
sing “Juanita” that night, surely he would
have touched them all to tears.

XIII

MMinMK BLAKE was at Tom Harris’
place shortly after sunrise next
morning. He roped the string-
aiafetja halted roan from the range and
rode with Tom to Riggin. There they had
the papers fixed up.

  Blake cleared the mortgage held by
Brown and paid in cash to Harris a greater
sum than the old man had owned in many
moons.

  “You’ll find this is the wisest move you
ever made,” Harris said quaveringly. “I
like to see a young feller savin’ his money
an’ investin’ in good sound property. There
ain’t no reason why you can’t be as rich as
Is Brown inside twenty years, maybe richer.
It’s the right kind of a move. Your coin
can’t run out through holes in your pockets
now.”

  “It’s the right kind of a move for you,
anyhow, Tom,” Blake laughed. He well
understood that Tom’s tremulous joy was
largely for his own sake. “Now if you’ll take

an old man’s advice, you’ll fit up that cigar
store before the money gets away from you.”

  “Well, I have made my mistakes,” Tom
admitted. “I reckon it don’t look exactly
right fer me to be givin’ too much good
advice. But I’m goin’ to foller my preachin’
this time fer a fact. I’m sure goin’ to salt
this down.”

  And he did. Within a month Blake on
his visits to Riggin purchased his tobacco
at Tom’s “seegar store,” in a new twelve-by-
twelve rickety wooden shack. Tom found
ready to his hand a clientele of old-timers
who sat on boxes, smoked and chewed to-
bacco, talked of the glories of the good old
days and lamented the forward march of
time. Tom heard all the news by word of
mouth, nursed his rheumatism, cussed the
rapacious dentists, and took it easy with a
vengeance.

   Blake refrained for obvious reasons to im-
part news of his happiness to Hank; but
Hank was not long in learning of it. He
had gone to work for Jim Taylor. They
met in the road. Blake, despite all his reso-
lution, could feel the hot blood mounting to
his face as Hank stared at him cynically.

  “ ’Nother good man dead,” Hank said.

  Blake took up his ranching with the same
dynamic energy with which he followed any
line of endeavor in which his heart was en-
gaged. He hired two good woodsmen and a
carpenter and bought a team and wagon.
Within three days the orderless jumble of
shacks and cabins at the Harris place looked
to have been smitten by a cyclone. They
were torn piece from piece.

  He remodeled the barn and built a new
cabin in a more picturesque location—a
beautiful cabin of hewn logs, plastered with-
in, snugly ceiled and roofed, in a setting of
bright evergreens with a green lawn shelving
down to the creek.

  He continued to attend Sunday school,
and read lessons in immortality from a pair
of dark eyes. His visits to the White home
became more and more frequent, the trail
skirting the foothills from the Harris ranch
to White’s, well worn.

  The staid, conventional life he proposed
to lead was a striking contrast to his past.
No more gambling, no more wild riding.
Cows as his stock in trade, a few to begin
with, obeying the command of Nature to
bring forth young in their season. Slow
months, Spring, Summer, Autumn and
Winter for growth, then an increased herd
Lucky Moon

33

of females and the fattening and selling of
the steers.

  He had little capital. His start would be
slow; but on this he did not let his mind
dwell. Only one phase of the life was in his
vision. As Hank observed, Blake was “sure
knocked cuckoo when he could take it into
his head to be a pillar in the church.” In-
deed, the wild Blake Moody was mad as a
mad March hare.

  The weeks sped quickly away. Summer
was past, and Fall came in with an Indian
Summer haze that made dream mountains
out of distant ranges. Green birches, wil-
lows, cottonwoods, and aspens along the
lower creeks, frost-touched, blazed in crim-
son and gold.

  Blake labored as never before. He kept
a hired man always, partly for help, largely
because he could not bear the loneliness of
“batching.” Tom Harris’ staggering fences
were pulled down. Strong posts were deep-
ly, rigidly set and slack wires restretched.
The rail fences and stockades of the corrals
were rebuilt.

  Blake sang as he worked, some unprint-
able cowboy ballads, but, in the main those
songs that Betty White and Jane Compton
played. At last he surveyed his handiwork
and his critical eyes told him it was good.

  It was mid-morning of a da}' that threat-
ened rain. Rank after rank of thin clouds
with silver corrugations marched across the
sky. There was a strange breathless hush in
the air. The Seven Devils were dim with
an impalpable haze and even Minidoka was
indistinct. Blake felt strangely restless.
He saddled his horse.

  “I want to see McAlister about them
heifers,” he told Jack Day, the hired hand.
“You can go on with that pasture fence, if
it don’t rain you out. I’ll be back early.”

  As he rode toward Skull Creek the thin
clouds became denser. Up over the Seven
Devils came a tumbling black mass, huge
as a million Zeppelins rolled into one.
Pushed by a strong wind and heavily
freighted, it came staggering along its
aerial roadway.

  Blake raced with the storm for McAlis-
ter’s ranch. The first huge drops were fall-
ing as he tied his horse in the stable and ran
into the house.

  While he stood by the hearth safe and dry
without a foreboding of evil, the black cloud
went before the wind like a rudderless,
storm-driven ship and struck on the apical

cliffs of Minidoka. It broke and dropped
a hundred million tons of water into the shed
of Clear Creek.	/

  A black torrent, a hurtling wall, thunder-
ing down the gorge, pushing huge boulders
and logs like marbles and straws.

  McAlister was not at home, and as soon
as the storm was past, Blake started back.
The trail was spongy and slippery and pools
of water stood in all the hollows.

  It was when he reached Clear Creek that
boding of the evil that had fallen first came
upon him. The rush of the torrent had
passed, sweeping away bordering trees, pil-
ing great masses of wreckage along the banks.
The stream was still a rumbling spate, rush-
ing bank full, red under the bright sun.

  Nibs feared to enter the water, rearing
back snorting from the margin; and Blake,
trusting his instinct implicitly, did not urge
him. He followed the right-hand bank to-
ward the ranch.

  While still three miles below he met Jack
Day. He was coatless, hatless and drenched
as though he had been plunged into a lake.

 “There’s sure been - a-poppin’,

Blake,” Day said. “I was cookin’ dinner
when the rain commenced. D’rectly I
heered it cornin’, like an express train it was,
roarin’ over a trestle. I legged it fer high
land without stoppin’ fer hat or coat.
Wasn’t none too soon, neither. An’ how
it did rain! It come down in bucketfuls.

  “You ain’t got any ranch left, Blake. It

sure is-after all the work we done. It

took cabin, barns, corrals—ever’thing; an’
it piled boulders forty foot high in places, an’
logs all tangled up like toothpicks. It makes
a man sick to see it.”

BLAKE had no desire to see it.
He had seen the work of cloud-
bursts. He knew the devasta-
tion they wrought. His ranch
had lain in the path of one. Nature after
building with studied care through the cen-
turies the alluvial delta at the canyon
mouth, rooting it with trees, carpeting it
with grass, had defaced it at one stroke, like
a peevish child at play. Blake had been
an ant unwarily trafficking on the scene of
play. The inexorable storm had worked
him bane.

  “Well, Jack,” he said, “glad it didn’t
come in the night and catch us asleep.
Lucky you got out as it was. Let’s see, I
owe you for these last two weeks. Might
34

Adventure

as well settle up. I ain’t canning you, un-
derstand.” The grin he summoned was
wan. “But when all the work is done,
we’re through.”

  “No!” Day protested as Blake proffered
the money. “You’ve lost it all. I can af-
ford two week’s work. When you start in
ag’in, let me know. I like to work for you.
Hope you’re luckier next time.”

  Blake watched him go splashing down the
trail. The creek had fallen sensibly. He
waited half an hour, then Nibs was willing
to take the ford.

XIV

ACROSS the creek, he thrust his
hands into his chaps pockets and
turned his horse loose. Nibs, wise
horse, took the trail he had traveled
so often of late at a swift running walk.

  Blake’s brain felt numb. The catastrophe
on him had not the saddening effect as on
one who had put many of his best years into
the accumulation of a property to have it
wiped out in a breath by fire or flood. After
all, Blake hadn’t had much in the ranch. It
had cost him only a trifle, when all was said
—some dollars won quickly by chance and
skill, a few weeks of diverting labor. He
wasn’t sorrowful.

  But his plans were wrecked. Like a coura-
geous airman who had undertaken to fly at
one swoop from side to side of a wide conti-
nent, he stood afoot, unhurt, soon after the
beginning of his flight beside a shattered
plane. The way before him was long and
tedious. It was much nearer to where he
had taken off.

  Halfway along the trail he met Hank on
a sweating cayuse riding hard toward his
place.

  “Blake,” he began excitedly, “I want you
to help me. Just come down from Riggin.
Sheriff Lamb pulled out with a posse awhile
ago after a gang uh rustlers. Dangdest
steal you ever heard of! Somebody’s cleaned
out Israel Brown’s Perchuns—ever’ hoof,
slick as a ribbon, an’ maybe a few cayuses
throwed in.

  “Nobody knows where they went. Israel
went west, lookin’ for tracks. Fat chance
he’ll have pickin’ up a trail after this rain.
I think Lamb went east around the range.
I don’t know where the colts went, but I
know how to beat Lamb to Hitchcock’s
Basin with five hours the start of me.

They’s two-fifty a piece for us if we git the
horses—that’s a hard winter’s work. Are
you on?”

  “Might as well,” Blake said. “I ain’t got
any ranch to bother me now. That rain
rubbed it out—just like that.” He swept
his arm in an eloquent gesture.

  “Oh, the dickens!” Hank said sympa-
thetically. “I knowed they was a cloud-
burst, but, somehow, I never seem to think
of you as a rancher. That it might hit you,
never entered my bean. If I’d thought, I’d
uh flagged my heels up there with a shovel
an’ dug a canal to lead the water around
your meadow an’ a lake to ketch the dee-
bris. So it cleaned you out!”

  Blake grinned.

  “Well, I ain’t a rancher now. But, by
golly, it’s kind of tough, at that. The way
I’ve been driving nails and steeples and
making the chips fly the last few weeks is a
sin. Look at the callouses on my hands.”
He held up his palms.

  “And the rainstorm comes along— Puff!
An’ there goes all the chips off your logs, an’
all you’ve been buyin’ with your poker an’
blackjack chips to boot, an’ prizes for ridin’,
bulldoggin’ an’ ropin’ throwed along with
the rest. Oh, well, come easy, go easy, as
the sheepherder says. That worked six
months for a Winter’s stake an’ blowed it in
in twenty nine minutes. But whisperin’
rattlesnakes! Here we are talkin’ about
busted clouds an’ gutted ranches with
Brown’s colts gittin’ farther away ever’
minute.

   “I got to go to Taylor’s for 01’ Deuteron-
omy. Wouldn’t try to chase a sheep on
this eight hundred pounds uh jelly. Meet
you at the mouth uh Blue Canyon in one
hour an’ a half.” He was gone with lash-
ing quirt.

  Blake thanked Hank from his heart for
the promised ride. It gave him an immedi-
ate purpose, promised some fervent action
for a day or two from whence he hoped to
gain the inspiration that would enable him
to form some plans.

BETTY, when he arrived at
White’s, was in the yard, wear-
ing a pair of muddy gloves, trans-
ferring with a small spade Sum-
mer plants from outdoor beds to pots. She
met him smiling and, though he strove to
appear natural, her smile passed as she
looked closely at his face.
Lucky Moon

35

  “Why, Blake, you look as if you’d lost
  our last friend.”

  “But I haven’t though, have I? You
>till love me.”

  “Did you think I didn’t?”

  “Betty,” he said, seating himself on the
cobblestone wall of a flower bed, “do you
know what that cloudburst has done? It
has washed our ranch into Snake River—
that is, I suppose it’s to the Snake by
this time if it kept up the speed it started
with.”

  “Are you joking?” Her face was tragic.
“I never felt so little like cracking jokes
in my life.”

  “Oh, well”—she smiled bravely—“what
does a ranch amount to? There are lots of
others.”

  “You’re all right, little girl,” he said with
a sudden uprush of feeling. “You’re all
right. You’d put life into a wooden man.
That old rainstorm can’t keep us down.
We’ll do it again—and just as dog-gone
quick as before. I’m going out right
now and grab off two-fifty toward an-
other one.”

  Some of the color left her face. She
touched her tongue to her lips.

  “Blake,” she said earnestly, coming close
to him. “I don’t want you to get it quickly.
I—I— Blake, neither Mother nor Father
knows where you got all that money. They
take it for granted you brought it here, sav-
ings—all except the prizes you won at Mav-
erick, which, of course, are all right. But I
heard—naturally, because everybody beside
them, it seems, know it.

  “I could forgive that. It was before—
before— But I don’t want you to get any
more that way. I’d much rather you’d—
well, earn it. I know you are good, Blake.
I know Daddy hasn’t made any mistake in
his high opinion of you.”

  He was looking down as she was speak-
ing, rolling a spur rowell abstractedly with
his boot toe.

  “I mean to earn it. But if anybody
thinks I’m going to drag along for years
saving a fortune from stray nickles and
dimes—well, I can’t, that’s all. I aint cut
out that way. I don’t know how I’m going
to earn our next start. My head hasn’t
started working since Jack Day told me
what the rain had done. But that start
had got to come fast. I’m not playing
cards for this two-fifty. I’m going to help
Hank Fairless run down a horse thief or two

that walked off with Brown’s horses. That’ll
be earning it—doing the world a good
turn.”

  He saw horror dawn in her face.

 “No! No! That’s worse yet! Guns—
shooting, maybe! I don’t want you to,
Blake.”

  Always accustomed to make decisions for
himself, he had not given a thought to the
possibility of opposition from her.

  “Why,” he said surprized, “it’s good work
to get a horse thief—if you can. And it
ain’t often you can.”

  “Yes. But there are officers hired to get
them.”

  “I guess that’s so. Maybe that’s the
right way to look at it. I’ll think it over.
Maybe next time, if they ain’t my horses, I
can see my way clear to stay out, reward or
no reward. But I’ve got to go this time—
promised Hank I would. Besides, Betty, I
want to go. It would do me good to get
shot at. Might start the wheels turning in
my head again.”

 “You say you want to go. And you
promised Hank Fairless.” Her face had
grown strained and utterly white. “Some-
times I can’t understand you at all,
Blake. You— Can’t you just help be-
ing wild?”

  Looking at her, near as she stood, it
seemed that she had drawn far away, that
a great gulf suddenly riven by an invisible
force yawned between them.

  “Wild? Oh, Betty, what’s the use? I
never gave a thought as to whether I was
wild or tame. I never tried to make myself
over for you. I was just myself. You
seemed to like me that way. Maybe it was
because you didn’t know me. Anyhow, I’ve
got to get away and think. That rain simply

raised - with me. Three hours ago I

would have told the world I was a rancher.
Now, I ain’t got any more business than an
Australian bushman.” He rose slowly to
his feet.

  “Please don’t swear like that. So you
are going?”

  “Yes. Promised Hank I would. He’s af-
ter his horse now.”

  “Do you realize that in going you are
making a choice between my earnest wishes
and—and doing what Hank Fairless wants
you to?”

  “I don’t think so. It ain’t because I’ve
got no regard for your wishes. But—well,
if you want to put it that way let it go. For
36

Adventure

the last couple months I’ve been dreaming
about dragging in the world and piling it at
your feet. That looks like a wild dream
now. If I don’t do some tall thinking and
get into action, I’ve got nothing, not a
thing, for you. Except my hands. And
heart.”

  He waited for her to speak, but she was
silent, her eyes upon the ground, the same
strained expression in her face.

  “I’ve got to meet Hank and be on the
way— Guess our doll house is flat, Betty.
But it was pretty before the wind blew it
down. Will you say good-by?”

  She raised her eyes with pain in them and
reproach, but did not speak.

  He turned on his heel, went through the
gate and swung into the saddle. The big
bay had started to move away.

  “Blake!” The cry wrenched from her
throat literally turned him in the saddle.
The ice in her face had melted. She ran
toward him.

  “I can’t bear to have you go like that/
You’ll be careful, won’t you? Promise me
you will!”

  “I will,” he said unsteadily, his own stern-
ness turning to water, “as careful as I can.
And Betty— Oh, we’ll talk it over when I
get back. I tell you, I can’t think. I know
you’re mine, that’s all I know, now. I wish
we was living ten thousand years ago, when
a fighting man didn’t need a ranch and was
entitled to all he could take and hold. I’d
just lift you up behind me on old Nibs and
ride away.”

  “D-don’t worry about the ranch, Blake.
Your—your hands and h-heart are enough.”

XV

gsagjggsa THE two riders entered the can-
l&^jigjl yon and were immediately in
rfjf shadow. They had daylight with
SsSlil® the sun behind the canyon wall
for two hours. Night was upon them as
they zigzagged upward from the little circu-
lar valley. A half moon, early-risen, shed
a pale deceptive light.

  They rode single file, Hank leading the
way. Their talk was little, Blake barely
grunting in reply to his companion’s occa-
sional sallies as the horses rested. Hank
was in a prodigious hurry, pushing forward
with all possible speed—which was little—as
though life itself was the issue.

“Question of when they started and how

good they know the country,” he said.
“Them colts will do pore travelin’ after the
first few hours. The rain’ll wipe out all the

tracks they made up till after the storm. I
want a look at the Basin before daylight to-
morrow.”

  They reached in their assent the broken
deer trail, and Hank without pausing turned
up the canyon. Blake stopped his panting
horse. Below him unseen rumbled the
rushing stream. Above in a rain-cleared
sky, very near and bright, hung the moon.
Night and solitude, and silence except for
the diminishing hoof-beats of Hank’s horse
and the never-ending cadence of the stream.
The confusion in Blake’s mind was changing
into order. A thought shaped itself.

  “I ought to have lived ten thousand years
ago— Money— Money— Can’t get along
without it— And get it by hard work, and
slow— Sin to gamble—• She was raised
to think different— They’re right, at
that-”

  He heard a call, faint with distance, and
rode onward. He met Hank coming back,
the gray picking his way gingerly along the
dangerous trail, loosing rocks at intervals
that leaped down the precipices starting
small avalanches that thundered to the bot-
tom of the canyon far below. Fairless
reined up snarling:

  “Blake, you love-sick scum uh creation,
what’s eatin’ you! Thought Nibs rolled
into the canyon. Here you’ve lost us ten
good minutes when we ain’t got ten seconds
to spare. You-!” He became inartic-
ulate with wrath.

  On and on they went, the labor of the
journey increased tenfold by the darkness.
The moon rode swiftly across the narrow
slit of the sky, and then they had only pale
stars. Where they doubted the evidence of
their own eyes, they trusted to the instinct
of their horses.

  The sure-footed, powerful beasts carried
them through. The first light of day was
clearing the eastern sky as they scrambled
panting up the last almost vertical rise at
the entrance of the basin.

  The light grew rapidly as they rode to-
ward the open. Above them towered the
craggy peaks, giant pinnacles, now white,
majestically beautiful with the first snow,
but cold, cold. The whole great scene was
silent as a primordial world. Sunlight
blazed in splendor on the white heads. The
basin was still in shadow.
Lucky Moon

37

  They rode carefully, speaking in whispers,
until through a rift in the firs the meadow
opened before them. They saw a straggling
herd of loose horses.

  “There’s the caballos,” Blake said. “Won-
der where the men are. We ain’t got any
time to spare.”

  “No. We’ve already spared too much.
They’ve prob’ly lamped us before now.”

  As he spoke there came the echoing crash
of a gun, then another, and another, repeat-
ing rifles fired rapidly. The shots were not
from near at hand, but in the great ampi-
theater the echos beat back and forth and
the silence was shattered into a tumult of
sound.

  As they looked at each other, startled,
there came the rumble of galloping horses.
They saw the loose herd breaking away in
a panic. Guns in hand, they headed swiftly
toward the edge of the timber. On reach-
ing the open, one swift look revealed the
situation.

  Three horsemen were speeding toward
the rim of the basin where the canyon
opened at the north. To the south, far
distant, four others stood on a low rise. Dim
smoke rose over them as the guns barked.
Above the thunder of running horses, they
heard the bullets, relentless messengers of
death, go whining across the valley.

  “There’s Jeff Jamison, or I’m a horned
toad!” yelled Hank setting spurs to his gray.
“Wish to-1 had a rifle!”

  Just then they saw the rearmost of the
fleeing horses go down in a terrible fall. Life
smitten from him while in full career, the
animal was transformed into an inert mass
of flesh bearing all the momentum of flight.
It crumpled, touched nose and rolled. The
rider was hurled heels over head. The other
two without pausing swept on and were soon
out of sight.

  As Blake and Hank galloped in pursuit,
the fallen man rose slowly dazedly to his feet
and like one in a dream searched for and
found his hat. It was Rob White!

  Hank went by him without slackening
pace, bent on preventing the escape of the
others. He held his revolver in readiness
and rode with all his skill, urging the gray to
the top of its speed.

  The sheriff’s party had ceased firing and
on tired horses were galloping into the basin.

  Abreast of Rob, Blake reined up, and
Nibs, inimitable cow horse, broke his head-
long career in two short leaps.

“Get on!” Blake commanded, free-
ing a stirrup Rob sprang up be-
hind him. The big horse, running
powerfully under his double bur-
den, rushed straight at the basin rim.

  Then the guns behind them opened up
again. A bullet shrieked past, so near that
they could feel its breath. White shrank
instinctively far to one side.

  “Sit still!” Blake roared. “You’ll have
this horse down!”

  “Ain’t that Lamb the-shot!” Rob’s

affectation of nonchalance was gone utterly.
He was almost weeping. “He’s a half mile
away if he’s an inch. When he unlimbers
that old 32-40 he can shoot at you today and
kill you tomorrow!”

  During a few seconds while bullets droned
around them like hornets, they were in view
of the posse; then Nibs with the long leaps
of a cougar was plunging down a sharp in-
cline into a timbered canyon mouth.

  A half dozen loose horses were running
wildly before them, and Nibs was overhaul-
ing them.

  “Any of them broke?” Blake demanded.

  “That old p-p-pinto of Brown’s is,” Rob
chattered.

  Eight seconds later Blake had a loop over
her shaggy head and had brought her up
strangling. He leaped to the ground, at-
tacking like a beast of prey, while wise old
Nibs kept tight the choking noose. He
seized her ears and twisting them cruelly
threw all his weight upon her head.

  “Bring my saddle!”

  He seized the tip of an ear in his teeth and
bore her head almost to the ground, hold-
ing her helpless. Rob ran with the saddle
and cinched it upon her back. They
worked like relay riders racing against
time. In the beginning of a minute the
mare was running free. Before the end of
the sixty second interval she was saddled,
with a swimming halter made from Blake’s
riata on her head, and Blake was in the
saddle.

  She bucked five jumps, then raised her
head and ran. Rob followed on Nibs bare-
back.

  They overtook Hank a few moments later
where the canyon broke into two prongs.
He was wildly angry.

  “Watchu think you’re pullin’ off!” he
roared. “If we’re goin’ to stop ’em, we’ve
got to show speed an’ system. Wish Lamb’d
git here!”
38

Adventure

  “I don’t!” said Rob. “I’m going.”

  “Not on my horse,” Blake said.

  “Oh,-•!” Hank exploded. “Fine help.

you are! Le’s git action. I think they
went down this right hand prong.”

  They galloped for half a mile and came to
where the flinty canyon bed held not a trace
of any fugitive. Hank circled like an eager
hound.

“Let’s go,” Rob said desperately. “I
don’t want to see Lamb—not ever again.”
“What are we goin’ to do with Rob, any-
how?” Hank asked, as though he had just
noted the boy’s presence.

  “We don’t want him, do we?”

  “No. But after what I seen up there in
the basin, I sure want to git the deadwood
on a pair uh Jamisons. That was Jeff an’
Pete, wasn’t it?” He demanded of Rob.

  “Yes. And Jeff saw my horse go down.
I saw him turn his head when the bullet
smashed. They run off and left me.”

  “Sure they would. Save their own hides
—to thunder with your’n.”

  “Let’s go,” Rob said, looking fearfully
up the canyon.

  “Yes, let’s go,” Blake agreed. “We’re
killing time.” He started at a quick trot.

  “What’s the big idea!” Hank protested.
“I want a pair uh Jamisons, an’ I want ’em
bad.”

  “Might as well look for a pair of needles
in a stack of hay. They’ve got the world
to hide in, and fresh horses to ride. You
don’t want to take Rob back to Lamb, do
you?”

  “No. But what’s that got to do with
slammin’ the hooks into Jeff Jamison?”
“Quite a bit to do with it. The posse
seen me ride off with the man they’d downed
and emptied a dozen cannons at me. They
could tell my horse as far as they could see
him. I figure we might have a hard time
explaining things. We ain’t got a chance
in a million of getting a Jamison.”

  “Don’t try to kid me,” Hank said. “We
can prove our reasons for bein’ here, easy.”
He was following Blake reluctantly. Young
White was leading out rapidly.

  “Maybe we could—-if we turned Rob in.
But he ain’t going to show up in this mess.
I didn’t have an idea in the world of finding

him in this kind of a layout. Looks-

bad. But this will cure him. He’ll be a
good dog from here on out.”

  Hank whistled softly. They had alto-
gether lost the trail of the other rustlers who

on fresh horses were doubtless making far
better time than they could hope to achieve.
They left the canyon, climbed a steep tribu-
tary gulch and entered a secluded hollow.
Their horses were very tired.

  “We can let the horses eat here,” Blake
said, “and watch for Lamb from that ridge
up there.”

  “This is sure a nice mess!” Hank said
bitterly. He had come to a full realization
of the radical change in their status. “We’ve
turned this into a fine layout! See what I
told you! Them little times lost stallin’ in
the canyon last night done for us. Three
minutes earlier an’ I’d uh been in range uh
that sneakin’ Jeff Jamison. 01’ Deuter-
onomy had one good half mile left in him.
That lanky string uh jerked sheep carion
ain’t got judgment enough to steal a horse
that can make Deuteronomy eat dust for
half a mile.

  “I don’t git you a-tall.” He had grown
more calm. “What’re you figgerin’ on
doin’? Just let Lamb think you was in with
’em an’ let it go at that? Lamb’ll figger he’s
got enough evidence to send us to the pen,
actin’ this way. ■> I ain’t with you there. I
might steal the pennies out of a blind beg-
gar’s hat an’ grab candy away from a kid,
but I ain’t no-horse thief!”

  “I’ll just let him figger awhile,” Blake
said. “It’s this way— Rob is caught red-
handed. He deserves the pen. Ain’t that
right, Rob?”

  Rob was silent. He lowered his eyes in
shame and dug in the ground with his toe.

  “But,” Blake went on, “I believe a judge
would hand him the lightest possible sen-
tence—that’d be two years. He’d throw
the book at the Jamisons if he had ’em; but
he’d be lenient as he could with Rob, con-
siderin’ his family an’ the fact he ain’t done
anything very bad before. But two years
in the pen makes a man an ex-convict for
life. Looks to me like Rob has had his les-
son. I’m willing, since it’s sort of up to us,
to be more lenient than the judge.

  “How about it, Rob? Think you can
show some respect for yourself—and your
folks—and go straight?”

  “God knows I can,” the boy said fervent-
ly. “If I get out of this, never again. I—I
don’t know why I went in. By gosh, I don’t
know! I owed Jeff a little money. I al-
ways had a deuce of a time savin' up enough
to pay him. He had treated me pretty
good. Once in Grangeville he paid a fine
Lucky Moon

39

for me and got me out of the coop. I payed
that back. I offered to work for him, and
he sprung this deal on me. It looked awful
easy—just shove the colts to the Montana
line. I never did like old Is Brown. But I
ain’t got any excuse. I must have been
stark, ravin’ crazy. And think of them
Jamisons running off and leavin’ me!”

  “That’s what you get when you pick Jeff
Jamisons for friends,” Hank observed.

  “All right, kid, you can have another
chance.” Blake spoke like a benevolent
czar. “I believe you’re worth it. If you’ve
got any of you father’s blood in you at all,
I know you are. You can make a sur-
cingle out of a piece of my rope and ride the
pinto back to her range. When you get
close to home, turn her loose and walk in.
Keep out of sight till you get there, then
there’ll be no evidence unless you squawk.
Brown can round up his horses. The Jami-
sons have probably skipped clean out of the
country. Nobody’s hurt—much.”

XVI

fWfefj' CONVERSATION lagged as the
"jpii three lay cold and hungry behind
JsfeAsjg.-. a clump of brush on a ridge, from
?™’V whence they could keep an eye on
all the approaches while the horses fed in the
hollow.

  As the day advanced, the sky grew lower-
ing and overcast. After the first magnifi-
cent play of light on the snow peaks they
had hardly seen the sun. A wind, sad-
voiced, desolate, hinting of frost and ice and
bleak winter, soughed through the trees.
The clouds thickened imperceptibly and
snow began to fall. Toes and fingers ached
and grew numb where they lay.

  Hank rose to his feet swearing violently.

  “I’m the coldest horse thief that ever laid
out behind a bush tryin’ to see a cold-
blooded sheriff a mile away through a snow-
storm so thick I couldn’t see a warm four-
story saloon fifty yards. Le’s git under a
tree. Let Lamb sneak up on me if he wants
his left eye blacked good an’ plenty!”

  They found a fir with dense branches
sloping from trunk earthward. In this
primitive shelter they brushed the snow
from their clothing and stamped and swung
their arms.

f “Blake, if I was you,” said Hank through
chattering teeth, “I’d fergit about the new
moon over my right shoulder spellin’ good

luck. Judgin’ from your dee-falcations
sence we hit this neck uh the woods, I’d say
you’re about the unluckiest hombre that ever
came down the pike. You got kicked an’
jailed. You got into a couple lucky games
an’ won a saddle an’ some jack at the show.
Then along comes the water-spout—an’
all you’ve got left of the whole kiboodle is
the saddle. An’ to top it all off beautiful,
you go to sleep in Blue Canyon an’ we miss
gittin’ in range uh two uh my worst horse
thief friends by six inches.

  “I’ve seen hombres that didn’t know they
is any moon win big at cards. I bel’eve you
could still ride an’ throw a rope if somebody
was to hang a curtain over the moon. Don’t
talk to me about luck no more!”

  “The trouble with you, Hank, is you’re
too much like a lot of others—you’ve got
a Poland China’s idea of luck. Getting
hold of something good, like money, and
hanging onto it like a leech to a drownded
nigger—that ain’t luck.

  “I’ve had all the luck in the world since
we hit this section. I had the fun of draw-
ing full houses in poker and naturals in
blackjack, and walking out loaded down
with dinero. I had the crowd at Maverick
howling my name for three days till they
was hoarse. And even when the mare
stepped on me, instead of packing me some
place else, you took me where there was a
piano and—and a family of fine folks. I
had a barrel of fun spending that money,
besides helping poor old Tom Harris out.

  “Luck! What do you call luck? When
you go to a show all you expect is a good
time, ain’t it? You don’t figger on walking
off with the gate receipts.”

  Hank shook his head hopelessly, set his
knocking teeth and swung his arms harder.

  “But it takes real two-o’clock-in-the-
morning kind of guts for a man to believe
there’s anything worth going after in life
when he’s as cold as I am. I’ll admit that,”
Blake added.

  “You said it!” Hank agreed savagely.
“Le’s git out uh these mountains before
we’re snowed in. What’d I care if we meet
the whole state militia!”

  They saddled the horses, Blake smoothing
with inordinate care the Navaho blanket on
Nibs’ back. Rob, chastened, shamed and
miserable, cut Blake’s riata and cinched a
surcingle on the pinto to cling to in case she
bucked.

  “Turn her loose when you get close to
4o

Adventure

home and walk in,” Blake repeated to Rob,
“And the next time you drive any horses, be
sure they’re your own or you’ve got the
owner’s permission. Now, adios and good
luck.”

  “Ain’t you—ain’t you going, too?”

  “If I do, I’ve got a hunch Lamb will come
looking for me, and I’ll have to kick in with
all I know to save my own hide. So I’m
going to Argentina, starting right now,
pronto."

  Rob’s face was aghast.

  “You—you needn’t think I’m that cali-
ber, Blake, to let you ride out of the country
packing the blame that belongs to me—not

after you’ve tried to skelp. I’m no --

Jamison. You go on back. I’ll take my
medicine.”

  “That’s white man’s talk,” Blake com-
mended, “but you’re not the only one to
think of. You couldn’t swallow all the
medicine if you tried. Your folks would
get the biggest share. No. The way I’ve
said is best. If Hank wants to go back,
maybe he can prove an alibi without drag-
ging anybody else in.”

  Hank had brightened wonderfully.

  “I guess not go back! 01’ Argentine
looks good to me, too. I think, maybe, Jeff
Jamison’s run that way. If I can ever git
one good whack at that disgrace uh human-
ity without nobody havin’ a death grip
on my shirt collar, he’ll think a band
uh stampedin’ long horns is walkin’ on
his face.

  “I didn’t know what Blake had in that
keen brain uh his’n or I wouldn’t uh done all
this worryin’. His ol’ head is workin’ true
to form, that’s a sagebrush cinch. If he was
to stay around here another two months,
Blake’d be married, sure as squawfish can’t
walk, sewed up dead to rights.”

  “Married!” cried Rob indignantly. “Ain’t
that all right! I’m tellin’ you, Hank Fair-
less, you’d better not be saying my sis-
ter-!”

  “Cut it out, you two!” Blake growled.
  Rob drew Blake aside.

  “This is plain-,” he said miserably.

“What’ll I tell Betty?”

  “Maybe you’re taking too much for
granted in thinking she ain’t got wiser ideas
about this than you.”

  “I know her better than you do. She’s
serious about things. She’ll never forgive
me.”

  “It’s a good thing I have to go,” Blake

  said. “I know that. Thought about it all
the way up Blue Canyon. If I could, with-
out raising seven degrees of old Nick, of
course I’d go back. It may look funny for
me to run away, but not near as funny as
you would look in steel bracelets.

  “But don’t feel sore at yourself about
that. Hank said once I’m not in her class.
He may be right. Anyhow, I doubt if I’m
the stuff good husbands are made of—too
curious about what the world looks like
from the top of the next ridge. But the
worst is, where yesterday I had a neat little
stake from gambling, today I’m broke. She
wouldn’t let me gamble any more, and ten
to one I’d never make anything at it
if I did. I never was very lucky at poker
before.

   “I won’t have her face the years of pov-
erty. I’ve seen too many fellows try to
head a family when they couldn’t make a
living for themselves. I’ve seen too much
of it. She’s a mighty fine girl, and she’s
worth ten times more than I can give. I
can do her more good by going than stay-
ing, in more ways than one.

  “Now be good to yourself, Rob. If I
ever hit this country again, I’m expecting
to find you a decent citizen.”

   Blake and Hank rode eastward.

   “Bur-r-r-r,” Blake shivered. “I ain’t got
on half enough clothes. If a man gets
snowed on once, that’s probably the fault
of the weather. If he gets snowed on twice,
he’s got no one to blame but himself.
Hank, I’m headed for the yucca country
as fast as old Nibs can travel.”

  They had ridden in silence for miles.
Hank suddenly reined up his horse.

   “I’ve got it!” he exclaimed jubilantly.
“I’ve think it out. You was right, that’s a
sagebrush cinch. Lucky moons—I’ll tell
the cock-eyed world! This last one was
Rob’s an’ Betty’s. You pulled Rob back
on his feet just as he was hittin’ the skids.
That’s lucky for him, not to mention his
folks. Now you’re headin’ for South Ameri-
ca. That’s lucky for Betty White, whether
she believes it or not. Also lucky for you—•
saves you from a life-term uh matrimony at
hard labor.

  “You’re right. They’s luck in the moon
if you git on the right side of it. An’ not
only for you, but for ever’body around
you. I’m with you now, cowboy; so keep
right on a-lookin’ for it down the ol’ right
shoulder.”
WHAT’S IN A NAME?

 by Berton Braley

     J^EGINALD, Algernon, Archie and Percy
           Wandered along down the street.

      Bill, Jake and Peter and Hank chuckled, “Mercy!

      Ain’t they too perfectly sweet?”

      “Itabble like these are a blight and a curse,”

      Said Reggie and Algy to Archie and Perce.

      Jakey hit Percy and Peter hit Archie,

       Bill picked out Reggie for his,

      Hank jumped on Algy and crumpled his starchy
      Collar all over his phiz.

      “It seems we must fight, though to rows we’re averse,”
      Said Algy to Reggie and Archie to Perce.

      Now back of a monocle often there dances
      A sportive and dangerous zest;

      And under a boutonniere sometimes it chances
      There’s hidden a fifty-inch chest.

      And presently things went exceedingly ill
      For Peter and Henry and Jakey and Bill.

      A cop came along as the battle was finished
      And, after some gazing around,

      Discovered, their pride and their swagger diminished,
      Pete, Jake, Hank and Bill on the ground.

      “Yer names?” the cop queried in manner most terse
      Of Algy and Archie and Reggie and Perce.

      Then “Reginald Dooley” and “Archibald Hooley”

      And “Algernon Kelly” said they,

      “And mine,” said the other, “is Percy Gilhooley!”
      Pete, Jake, Hank and Bill swooned away.

      And on up the street, for their scrap none the worse,

  Went Algy and Archie and Reggie and Perce!

  4i
FIVE POUNDS
PER TON BONUS

1»*5- &A1LPH a,. PEURT

Author of "The Proving of Old Man Lindquist,” “ Stowed Away,” etc.

 HOT? Decades in a ship’s engine
room had inured Chief Angus
MacDermut to ordinary heat,
but the vertical sun of a Meso-
potamian August had driven him away
from his harbor tuning-up of the Sedalia’s
engines and sent him panting to the scanty
shade the bridge cast on the forward well-
deck. He sat on a camp stool in his dun-
garees and undershirt, perspiration standing
in globules on his bald head and running
down the hollow of his chest, and cursed the
sun that sent the dancing heat waves rising
as though the Sedalia’s deck was the lid of
Tophet, cursed Mesopotamia, the Shat-el-
Arab Rivef, where the ship lay, and the port
of Basra ten miles up-stream, whence, even-
tually, a cargo would come.

  It was a thorough and workmanlike piece
of profanity. It made the engineer feel
better; with the result that when the skip-
per popped over the rail, his homely face
glowing with enthusiasm, and slapped Mac-
Dermut heartily on the back, the Scot only
grinned.

  “Aweel, Captain Prescott, I’m thinkin’
ye’ve got a cargo,” MacDermut chuckled.

  With arms akimbo “Long Andy” Prescott
grinned down at the little engineer. Then
of a sudden every sign of humor was erased
from his face save the twinkle in his light
gray eyes.

  “Mac,” the great American public is
clamoring for dates,” he declared solemnly.

  “Aye, na dout,” MacDermut grunted,
visibly unimpressed. “Though I didna

hear them when we left New York. An’
gi’n they’re clamoring, why should that set
ye dancin’ like a monkey on a stick in this
ash-pit o’ a country?”

  “Mac, you don’t understand me. The
American public is clamoring for dates,”
Prescott insisted. “And they ain’t got
any. The dates they’re clamoring for—
four thousand tons of them—are here at
Basra.”

  “An’ the Sedalia carries them home.
Ye’re inf errin’ we’ve a cargo. Is that all
your excuse for tryin’ to knock a mon off his
chair?”

  Prescott shook his head. His eyes were
still dancing, but his tone was deadly
serious.

  “No, Mac, the American public really
must be clamoring,” he explained. “Be-
cause—being a Scotchman, you better take
a good grip on that chair—because on the
understanding that we make an extra quick
passage the shipping agent has offered us a
bonus of five pounds sterling per ton. Five
pounds is twenty-five dollars, and there are
four thousand tons, Mac. One hundred
thousand—and the freight.”

  “Losh!” murmured the engineer.

  He pulled out a blue bandanna and slowly
wiped his bald head while a smile mirrored
his delight at this colossal windfall. Then,
by degrees, his expression became gloomy.
Even in the first flush of enthusiasm Mac-
Dermut realized that it would be he, the
chief engineer, and not the skipper who
would have to earn that bonus.

42
Five Pounds Per Ton Bonus

43

  “An’ how fast a passage did ye promise,
Captain Prescott,” he asked quietly.

  “We must dock in New York October
fifteenth, Mac. I figured out the run in
the agent’s office. It means we must
average twelve and one-half knots all the
way. You’ve turned the Sedalia up as fast
as that.”

 “Losh!” repeated MacDermut very
thoughtfully. “As ye say, we’ve logged as
much as that—for a half-day, an’ then a
week to rest the firemen and ease the en-
gines. But this run is a quarter way round
the world, Captain. Ye know our standard
speed is eleven knots. Fifty-six revolu-
tions per minute; an’ ye’re askin’ for twelve
and a half, and sixty-five.”

  MacDermut shook his head, frowning.

  “Still, five pounds per ton,” he went on,
and drummed on his knee with his fingers.
“Ye’ll get the owners to give me a two
weeks’ overhaul in New York? Yer engines
are liable to be scrap,” he asked plaintively.

  “You can do it, Mac,” the captain en-
couraged.

  “Do it? Of course we can do it!” growled
MacDermut. “Drive, drive, drive for
weeks on end; swill the bearin’s wi’ oil and
trust she’ll stand it. Steam an’ steel will
stand lots o’ abuse. It’s the men I’m
worryin’ for. It’s like asking yer watch
offices to steam six thousand miles in noth-
ing but thick fog, Captain! That’s what
forced draught means to the black gang.
An’ summer, too. She’ll be a hot ship
below.” grimly prophesied MacDermut.

SLINGLOADS of dates in square
wooden cases about eighteen
inches by twelve began to swing
over the Sedalia's rail that after-
noon, and Andy Prescott and his mates
drove the stevedores with oaths and back-
sheesh at a pace that left MacDermut with
all too little time for preparation. The en-
gines were as ready as skill and painstaking
care could make them, but two days earlier
a hook on a chain hoist had slipped and a
falling cylinder head had sent the third
engineer and the oiler helping him on the
job into the hospital.

  In addition, more firemen had to be
signed on, and good sailors on the beach
are scarce at Basra. MacDermut combed
every consul’s office and cafe in the sun-
baked town. He returned aboard with a
sour face. For oiler and firemen he could

obtain nothing but Arabs. The only en-
gineer had produced a French ticket, though
he gave his name as Bourchard.

  His squat, broad-shouldered figure and
the black beard which clung to his face in a
tightly curled mat like Astrachan lamb’s
wool convinced MacDermut of his nation-
ality, though it made him suspect the worst
of Bourchard’s professional skill.

  Prescott had warned his engineer not to
pick a foreigner, and even protested stren-
uously before he consented to sign the man
on; but as MacDermut pointed out, it was
a case of Bourchard or no one. Time
pressed, for Prescott had decided to put
to sea only partially loaded.

  There are only nineteen feet of water over
the bar which lies well off the mouth of the
combined Tigris and Euphrates Rivers, and
as soon as the Sedalia was loaded to that
draft Prescott clapped on the hatches and
put to sea. He might have gotten five hun-
dred additional tons of dates if he had dared
to anchor off the bar until they , could be
lightered out; but, as he explained to
MacDermut, there was too much at stake,
even more than a hundred-thousand-dollar
bonus. In the last days ashore gossip had
been busy with his ship and cargo. On the
efficiency of MacDermut’s engines rested
the reputation of American shipping in that
quarter of the world.

  Ever since the war the dates had gone out
in German bottoms. Even now a new,
oil-burning Bremen-built freighter, rated in
Lloyd’s as making thirteen knots, lay an-
chored in the stream, empty, for the cargo
for which she had called was under the
Sedalia’s hatches. The American concern
to which the dates were consigned had sud-
denly decided to support its own national
merchant marine; but if the Sedalia were
late, and the American public began to
clamor for dates too loudly, no one could
hope that next year patriotism would stand
again in the way of business.

  All this Prescott confided to MacDermut
while the Sedalia was pointing her nose
down-stream.

  “I nearly had to take a swing at that
Dutchman, too,” he reflected. “Sore?
Mac, he was fit to be tied! I know if I’d ’a’
understood German I’d ’a’ had to hang one
on his ear. What he said in English was
bad enough. Why, he called the Sedalia a
lump of rust and coal dust that would fall
apart before we got to Suez. My ship,
44

Adventure

Mac! He said he’d follow and trans-ship
the cargo when our propellers dropped off—-
you can see how mad he was.

   “Of course, the loser’s got a right to rave,”
Prescott continued slowly. “For two days
he stalked around town sour and gloomy as
a sailor ashore when all the bars are closed.
I don’t mind that. Rather enjoyed it; but
on the third day he seemed to get over the
shock a bit. When I met him he just
grinned at me in a nasty way, and laughed,
sarcastic, as if the joke was on me. You
know, MacDermut, it’s fair wonderful how
offensive a fat red-headed Dutchman gets
when he puts his mind on it.”

  “The whole black gang was ashore the
second night,” MacDermut ruminated.
“That Heinie might have been thinking
how he’d bribed one of them to throw
emery into the main bearings.”

  “I’ll bash in the man’s head that tries it,”
Prescott promised, his lean jaw setting
ominously.

  For a moment he turned the thought over
in his mind. Far dirtier tricks have been
done before in the shipping game with a big
charter at stake. At length Prescott’s
Yankee features cleared; he even grinned.

  “Well, happy days, MacDermut. Any
dirty work will be in the black gang, any-
how, so it’s up to you. Hop to it, Chief.”

  Through torrid days when men fainted in
the engine room from the sheer, breathless
heat, days when the stokehold watches
were shortened and the firemen drank two
quarts of oatmeal water in every watch,
through the Red Sea, Suez, Alexandria, and
into the Mediterranean, where it was a little
cooler, MacDermut hopped to it. Day and
night he was in and out of the engine room.
He blarneyed and cursed till his voice was so
hoarse he could scarcely speak above a
whisper. Hour after hour he prowled over
his engines with a flash-light calling for the
oiler here, making an adjustment there,
getting spare parts ready for the minor ac-
cidents and breakdown which are almost
inevitable when machinery is overdriven.
With him worked Shane, Poulson and Bour-
chard, the engineers, and the reward of their
labor showed in the trickle of steam which
kept the .Sedalia’s safety valve popping,
and a log which averaged 12.8 knots day
after day.

  Prescott rubbed his hands, claimed they’d
sight Liberty by October twelfth at this
rate, and greeted MacDermut with a hearty,

“Good work, Mac,” every morning. To
this the little Scott would respond with a
brief nod of his bald head. Even on deck
his ear was cocked to catch the beat of his
engines. So far he had done well, yet
ahead of the Sedalia was still five thousand
miles of blue water, and her engines were
twenty-odd years old.

  The first trouble came about five o’clock
in the morning, in Dennis Shane’s watch.
The freckled, red-headed first engineer, who
had been with the Sedalia nearly as long as
MacDermut reported, anxiously that all
through the engines the bearings were warm.
Shane’s first thought was to curse Selim, his
Arab assistant, for using too little oil or for
omitting his half-hourly round; but the
Arab, his liquid brown eyes big and glassy,
shook his head and stubbornly offered his
half-empty oil can as proof of assiduousness
—proof which Shane naturally brushed
aside. Any one can waste oil.

  Nevertheless, for most of his watch he
was forced to slow down, and the three
hours at reduced speed lowered the Sedalia’s
average to 12.2 knots for the twenty-four
hours. In itself the few miles lost were
nothing. The ship was slightly ahead of
schedule, but Shane was irritable and
MacDermut worried.

  Ordinarily bearings get hot one at a time,
hot enough to burn the engineer’s fingers.
One bearing will frequently start to melt
out its babbitt while every other remains
cool; but in this case all the bearings were
warm. Still, ten revolutions above stand-
ard speed kept up day after day might be
expected to have that effect eventually, and
so MacDermut decided that the untrained
Selim had gotten careless enough to slop the
oil on the engine frames instead of shooting
it properly into the bearing. Once the
bearings were flushed, the trouble disap-
peared, which bore out this theory.

SPEED was maintained in
Shane’s watch that afternoon,
but the following morning, at
five a.m., the bearings got warm
again. The Sedalia slowed down. The
next afternoon, for the third time, in Shane’s
watch, it was necessary to cool bearings.
Mac himself stood the engineer’s watch
that night while Shane went the rounds
with the oiler. Everything was running
perfectly at four, when Bourchard went off
watch.
Five Pounds Per Ton Bonus

45

  Shane saw the cups filled with oil, peered,
listened, and tested bearings with the back
of his hand, where the skin is thinner and
more sensitive to heat. At five o’clock,
with a wild Irish yell, he hurled his oil-
sodden cap madly down onto the deck be-
low, at MacDermut’s feet.

  “The bearin’s are hot again,” he shouted.
“They’re hot,” he repeated in a falsetto,
stamping on the grating, far too angry to
swear.

  MacDermut rubbed his chin with a
clenched right fist and raised cold gray
eyes.

  “Then it’s no an accident, Shane. Dirty
money’s been paid, and is bein’ earned.”

  “Ye ain’t accusin’ me?”

  Shane’s voice cracked. He was so pale
his freckles stood out like paint blotches
on his checks; his lips began to lift away
from his teeth as he gathered himself to
jump down on the little Scotchman.

  “Na, na,” MacDermut denied testily,
“I eentimated no such thing. Let me see
your oil can, oiler,” he snapped.

  Wondering, the Arab produced the little
can with the spout, and the big gallon con-
tainer which was filled with oil from the
tank at the start of each watch. MacDer-
mut moved over to the bench and took out a
square of fine cloth, placing it over the top
of a clean bucket. Into this filter he poured
the oil from the cans, examined their in-
teriors minutely and settled down to wait.
Shane was plainly puzzled by this action,
and MacDermut explained.

  “Ye’ll hear strange tales whiles ye’re
sipping a dram o’ liquor, Shane. I’ve
studied more to run yon machines than
wreck them, but there was a young lad at
Antofagasta—fourth engineer on a liner,
kicked off his ship he was, for cause I’ve na
dout. He was bragging in the bar how he’d
got square with the chief. A handful of
ashes flung in the oil, he said, and the bear-
ings’ll get hot. I’m wondering. Emery or
sand would have melted the friction metal,
ye ken, and something’s bein’ done every
day at the same time.”

  As he finished, MacDermut lifted up the
square of cloth, holding it against the fight.
Shane peered closely over his shoulder, then
each turned to the other and saw his disap-
pointment reflected in the face opposite.

  Except for a yellow oil stain, the cloth
was perfectly clean.

  “Your hunch was wrong, Chief,” said

Shane, so low that his sympathy was barely
audible above the noise of the engines.

  “I wonder?” said MacDermut.

  He thrust his hands in the pockets of his
dungarees and teetered back and forth on
his heels for ten revolutions of the screw.
Then without a word, he walked from the
engine room and stayed in his room for ten
hours. If it was going to be necessary to
lift the bearings twice a day for the re-
mainder of the voyage, the Sedalia would
be paid no bonus.

  MacDermut was desperate, and it must
have been an unconscious grimness in his
attitude when he reentered the engine room
in the middle of Bourchard’s watch which
made the Frenchman hurry forward, ner-
vously wiping his hands with a wad of waste.
The beat of the engines informed MacDer-
mut’s trained ears that everything was go-
ing well, and he simply shrugged his shoul-
ders at Bourchard’s voluble assurances.
Let M’sieur MacDermu’ look at his log, let
him-

  “I’ve blamed ye for naething, Mr. Bour-
chard,” MacDermut cut into the flow of
talk irritably.

  “Yus, nothing happens in our watch,”
boasted the oiler.

  There was a nasty implication in the
man’s tone that angered MacDermut thor-
oughly, for he had never liked Greathitt.
There is seldom love lost between a reserved
Glasgow engineer and an impudent cockney
oiler, and Greathitt’s sallow face was al-
ways either smirking or fawning, both of
which MacDermut detested. He had often
wished Greathitt would leave the ship, but
it was against the engineer’s principles to
haze any one, tired as he had become of
seeing Greathitt’s sleek black head and big
ears moving around the engine room for the
past two years.

  “Bring me yer oil can,” MacDermut
growled, mostly to punish the oiler for his
impudence.

  Greathitt blinked with surprize, but he
brought the big can without noticeable
hesitation. MacDermut glanced into it
idly, was handing back the can, when, on
the surface where the oil touched the metal,
he saw a fleck of scum.

  “There’s ashes in it, you thief!” he
shouted.

  “Don’t hit me, sir!” Greathitt cringed
back against the bulkhead. “I don’t know
nothing about no ashes, s’help me. I never
46

Adventure

put them there,” he shrilled, frightened and
vicious as a rat in a corner.

  “Bourchard!” MacDermut snapped.

  “I know nozzing,” the bearded man de-
nied, his big head wagging slowly.

  His wandering eye fell on Greathitt,
who had moved forward to face Mac-
Dermut as soon as the risk of a blow had
passed.

  “Cochon. Pig!” the Frenchman snarled.

   Barely in time to stop his leap at the oil-
er’s throat, MacDermut rammed his hand
against Bourchard’s chest.

  “Not sae hasty,” MacDermut counter-
manded. “ ’Tis easy to prove yer inno-
cence by knocking a mon down, Bourchard.
I’m na sae confident it wasna’ yersel’, ye
know. ’Tis in cold blood we’ll find out.
Why, mon, Shane wud kill ye.”

  The answer was the red sheen that glared
in Bourchard’s eyes; the bristling of his
beard. Both men were short. They stood
breast to breast and eye to eye, neither
quailing an inch. To Greathitt’s whines
and recriminations they were deaf. Mac-
Dermut’s face had gone white; Bourchard’s
beard writhed as he chewed at his lips.
Now, without turning his head, he spat
aside on the deck.

  “That is in your face,” he whispered be-
tween his teeth.

  In MacDermut’s neck the muscles jerked
into relief and relaxed.

  “I’d like to kill ye,” he panted, “but
’twud delay the ship. Go to yer cabin.
Ye’re relieved o’ duty.”

  Bourchard shrugged and turned his back
deliberately; while MacDermut, his chest
heaving as he panted for breath in the
heavy engine room air, slumped on to a
stool.

  “Mr. MacDermut, he—” Greathitt yam-
mered.

  “You, too. Git forward,” the engineer
snarled so fiercely that the oiler jumped,
dodged behind the machinery, and ten sec-
onds later had snatched up a jumper he had
dropped near the throttle and disappeared
up the ladder on the run.

  Bourchard watched him go with a sneer,
then followed slowly. At the foot of the
ladder he paused and turned toward
MacDermut.

  “J have worked hard for you,” he said.

  It was a reproach and an apology,
despite the defiant pride which still rang
in his voice. He waited for a reply, but

MacDermut did not move or speak. His
feet slow and heavy on the iron ladder,
Bourchard climbed upward out of sight.

IT WAS perhaps ten minutes
later that Shane ran into the
engine room.

  “Bourchard called me and said
you wanted me to go on duty. It’s only
two o’clock. What’s the matter with him?
What’s wrong,” he cried.

  MacDermut was still sitting bowed on the
camp stool, his head in his hands. He
straightened his back wearily, lifting a face
haggard with worry and fatigue, and ex-
plained in a dozen blunt sentences, while
Shane paced up and down before him, grind-
ing his heel savagely into the steel deck at
every stride.

  “The swine,” he growled as MacDermut
finished and rose to go.

  “Aye, but it’s well to ken it must be two
o’ them,” MacDermut answered.

  “Two? One, ye mean.”

  “Aye, one. But which? I’ll be back,
Shane. I’m tired. Seein’ red tires ye.”

  “Which? That’s no riddle,” Shane called
after the retreating engineer.

  For some time the red-headed first officer
was far too angry to take up the routine
duties of his watch. He looked angrily at
the steam gage, rather in the hope that
steam would be low, for his mood craved
the relief of storming into the fire room and
hazing the stokers to their task. But the
pressure was high, and while the Arab oiler
went sulkily about his half-hourly rounds,
keenly resentful because he had been driven
to work hours too soon, Shane continued his
pacing up and down, up and down, his mind
busy with the schemes of violent punish-
ment he itched to inflict on Bourchard—if
MacDermut’s plaguey sense of justice didn’t
interfere.

  Six bells had just been struck when Shane
halted, ejaculating a barking, ironical
“Ha!” as a final expression of contempt at
the whole mess. Next he began to stretch,
but while his lean arms were extended far
above his head he became conscious of the
beat and clack of the engines for the first
time since he came on watch. His arms
dropped. He leaned forward, eyes half
shut, his head on one side, listening intently.
Again he glanced at the steam gage. It
was still high, and his frown deepened.
With the memory of the last engine trouble
Five Pounds Per Ton Bonus

47

in mind he laid a hand on the nearest bear-
ing. It was perfectly cool—and yet the
Sedalia had slowed down. With steam
enough to drive her at seventy revolutions,
with the throttle wide open, and the engine
functioning perfectly, she was making less
than twelve knots. Again Shane listened,
counting the revolutions. The cadence was
just over a second. As near as he could
judge, fifty-five odd turns to the minute.

  Shane’s indrawn breath hissed between
his teeth as his figure stiffened with a de-
cision suddenly made. Knowing that his
efforts would be fruitless, he swiftly tested
the oil, inspected the steam lines and veri-
fied the steam pressure by a hurried trip to
the fire room. There was nothing wrong.
Once more the ship’s speed was being
checked by sly, deliberate sabotage, and
Shane was of no mind to waste time in a
laborious effort to discover the cause by the
exercise of professional skill. There was
another remedy; speedier, more direct and
more permanent.

  Thoughtfully his eye roved over the en-
gines and came to rest on the high-pressure
cylinder and the thick steam pipe that
curved from it toward the boilers, through
which the hot steam was led to the engines.
From the tool-rack he picked up an eight-
inch spanner and stuck it into his hip
pocket; then picked up a bar and walked
swiftly up to the steam pipe, where he laid
the tool carefully on the grating. With a
jerk of his head, he summoned the Arab
oiler, Selim.

  “I go out. You watch,” he ordered.

  On second thought he picked a double
handful of waste out of the can and twisted
a sweat rag around it to make a triangular
bandage with a roll of wadding in its center
about as thick as his wrist. After leaving
the engine room he walked quietly to his
own quarters, where he fumbled in the
drawer under his berth till he found a rusty
pair of handcuffs. He tested the locks with
a grin, then tiptoed into the corridor.

  The night was hot. All the sleeping men
had hooked back their doors, so that Shane
had only to push aside the green curtain
that hung across the door opposite his. One
stride brought him to the bunk. Holding the
handcuffs ready in his right hand, he threw
aside the sheet that covered the sleeper with
his left, and leaped upon the man, pinioning
his arms beneath his knees. There came
the thump of struggling bodies against the

partition, a click as the handcuffs snapped
fast, a French oath that was smothered half-
spoken. Shane knotted the gag at the back
of Bourchard’s neck with a violent jerk and
touched his back lightly with the spanner.

  “Git up before I blow you in two,” the
captor whispered. “We want you in the
engine room. Make a sound and I’ll
knock you on the head and heave you over
the side.”

  Barefooted, clad in only a pair of light
cotton drawers, Bourchard walked below,
his hands chained behind him. When he
had reached the space of open deck in
front of the throttle he paused, but Shane
kicked at his bare heels and pushed him up
the engine staging to the high-pressure
cylinder. Selim had come running up,
chattering questions in pidgin English, but
one look at Shane’s face silenced him. The
Arab’s eyes narrowed and flashed, and a
thin, cruel smile shaped his lips.

 “Hold him,” snapped Shane. Selim
caught the Frenchman by the elbow eagerly.

  “You can’t speak, but you c’n listen, you
double-crossing hound,” Shane began. He
was quivering from head to foot in a cold
rage that made it difficult for him to speak
clearly. He licked his lips, and went on.
“The engines have slowed down. You can
hear ’em. I dunno why. I dunno for how
long. Ever since you left, likely. But
I’m goin’ to know, an’ you’re goin’ to tell
me what you’ve done, see? When you get
ready, nod, an’ I’ll loosen the gag.”

BOURCHARD’S black eyes
flickered as he glanced at Selim,
at the door, and back to Shane.
No mercy in either face, no likeli-
hood of any one coming below at half past
three in the morning. He gathered himself
together for a bull-like rush in the hope of
knocking Shane off the staging, but Selim
threw a choking forearm across his throat,
and Shane pulled the spanner out of his
pocket.

  “I won’t hit you over the head. I’ll
slam you in the face,” he threatened. “I’m
just as dirty as you are, you bribe-tak-
ing -. Come through.”

  Bourchard shook his head. The denial
was abrupt, decisive.

  In reply Shane picked up the pinch bar
and with three swift strokes stripped the
asbestos lagging -from the steam intake, un-
covering the iron pipe for a distance of about
48

Adventure

eighteen inches. Glancing at Bourchard,
he ostentatiously spat on the bare iron.
There was a hiss, a puff of steam, and the
moisture had vanished.

  “I ain’t bluffin’ you, Bourchard. You
can talk now, or I’ll push you on to that
and hold you there. What, did you do to
the engines?”

  Bourchard nodded to signify his willing-
ness to talk.

  “I do nozzing. W’at—” he spluttered
the instant the gag was loosened, but before
he could say more Shane pulled the knots
tight and shoved the squat Frenchman back-
ward. Bourchard hurled himself forward at
the same instant, but Selim tripped him, and
as he staggered Shane and the Arab threw
him on to the steam pipe. His tortured leap
sent all three men against the low iron rail
where they struggled a second with the
smell of scorched flesh in their nostrils.

  Bourchard was helpless with his arms
bound, and recognizing the fact, he sud-
denly relaxed. Shane stepped back, pant-
ing, and a little sick. The smell in the air
was horrible to him.

  “What did ye do to the engines?” he
gasped out.

  Bracing himself for the next assault,
Bourchard shook his head in denial and
rage. Selim’s arm tightened about his
throat. Shane set his teeth grimly as he
prepared to hurl the other back, and hold
him this time, but before he could do so
Bourchard gave a muffled sob, his chin
strained into the air and his eyes fastened
on the engine room door. Shane looked up
and saw MacDermut, standing with mouth
agape, peering downward.

  As Shane looked up the engineer suddenly
realized the significance of those locked,
struggling figures. He had caught a glimpse
of Bourchard’s handcuffs, and without
pausing to shout MacDermut jumped from
the doorway ten feet down the narrow steel
ladder and thrust the figures apart.

  “You—you—” he shouted into Shane’s
face, too excited to think of a word.

  “Git out of here, Mac. I’ll find out how
he’s wrecking our engines if you’ll let me
alone,” Shane pleaded. “Hear them. He’s
cut ’em down to fifty-five turns.” 4

  “Aye, an’ if he has, do ye think I’d use
yon,” MacDermut blurted, with a gesture
at the smoking steam pipe. “D’ye think
to get fact with a man gagged? I’ll hae no
torture, Shane. Take it aff him.”

  Before the other could move MacDermut
whipped out a knife and cut loose the gag
himself.

  “Weel, speak for yersel’, Bourchard,” he
ordered imperiously.

  Bourchard freed his mouth of wisps of
waste, glaring malevolently at Shane.

  “I have nozzing to say—nozzing,” he
rasped. “I have worked my best always,
and he jump me when I sleep and put on
handcuffs. You have seen me, Mister
MacDermut. Am I a man despicable,
who would stab in the back?”

  “Ye haven’t acted like it,” MacDermut
grunted. “Shane, you’ve done everything
for us ye can, and I’m going to log ye the
limit for it. Gie me that handcuff key.
Now get out—get to yer room, while I talk
to Bourchard. And you, ye Arab scut, oil
those engines.

  “Awell, the engines are running slow
Bourchard,” MacDermut went on when the
two men stood alone. “Ye can fight Shane
later. He’s young, ye ken, and he’s had
provocation, ye’ll admit—though I’m apolo-
gizing for what he did. But, as ye eenti-
mate, yer’re a bit too much of a man to
double-cross yer own mates, an I been
thinking Greathitt’s a sneak. But it’s one
of the two of ye. Steam’s high. Engines
running sweet. What’s wrang, then?”

  “If I should tell you you would say I was
scared of a burn,” Bourchard growled.

  “Not wi’ one markin’ yer legs. An’ am
I a man or a child?” MacDermut urged.
“Speak out, mon.”

  “When you come into a dock—in a fog
when the bridge rings for reduced speed,
what you do?” Bourchard asked slowly.

  “Gie her less throttle,” replied MacDer-
mut impatiently.

  “And if they want to slow down more, a
little.”

  “Less throttle.”

  “It is not done so in French ships. And
the English, often they do not touch the
throttle,” Bourchard explained. “I was
angry when you threw me from the engine
room without justice. I saw the oiler pre-
tend to pick up his jumper, and stoop near
the throttle. In French ships, when we
want less speed, we take one turn with the
reversing wheel.”

  “Losh,” MacDermut ejaculated. “One
turn o’ the reversing gear. Aye, it wud cut
down the steam expansion. Aye, it would
have that effect.”
Cliff Dwellings'

49

 He peered over the rail at the circular steel	“D’ye know any wrinkles for increasin’ a

wheel with which the engines are reversed,	ship’s speed,” he inquired, and as Bour-

“I canna see fra’ here, but yer,recht,	chard shrugged, went on, “not that it mat-

Bourchard, I’ll wager. But mon! Why	ters. For all we’re still two weeks of steam-

did ye no tell me—or Shane?”	in’, we’ll be puttin’ Greathitt in jail in New

 Bourchard’s eyes flashed and he squared	York before the fifteenth of October.”

his shoulders proudly.	They did. Despite delays and minor

“You called me a thief. He treated me	breakdown, the Sedalia averaged 12.7 knots

like a coward. What did I care for your	across the Western Ocean, and delivered

’undred t’ousand dollar bonus?”	the dates for which the American public

MacDermut nodded his approval of the	was clamoring on October fourteenth, just

sentiment, and began to chuckle.	at sundown.

CLIFF DWELLINGS

            by S. Omar Barker

                  CJMOKE-BLACKED, empty and still with years.

                            Are the little cliff-walled rooms.

                     White, white as death the ghost-moon leers
                     Through the cleft where a lone owl glooms.

                  Wind and Sun and Storm and Time,

                   Death and Drouth and Whims of Fate;

                     These are careless gods whose rime
                     Ends in silence desolate.

                     Symbol of Sun on a kiva wall;

                    Koay’s smooth-worn grinding stone;

                    Broken arrows—are these all?

                     Is it strange the wind should mourn?

                    This was a valley of living men—

                    Ask the cliffs how they danced at night—

                      Do their red fires burn again,

                    Sometimes when the moon is white?

                     Smoke-stained, empty, dead and still,

                     Desolate the cliff-carved rooms—

                     O	white ghost-moon o’er the hill,

                    Can you glimpse the dancers’ plumes?

                    Down dim trails through a thousand years,

                    Phantom footsteps come and go.

                      Mitsha listens and still hears

                    Throoming chants she used to know.

                    Gods of ruin, doom and death,

                     Careless gods of days long gone,

                    Think you dancing dies with breath?

                    Listen! Ghost-drums greet the dawn!
Author sf “Something’s Doing in Mexico,” “Uncle Dudley Kinda Scouts 'Round," etc.

B

OB and I had spent the afternoon
at the racetrack. HC comes East
from Texas annually and plways
wants to see the ponies go round-
At dinner that evening he said—

  “I knew the greatest jockey in the world.”
Well, nearly every racing fan has an
opinion on that subject, so I passed.

  “He was the only jockey I ever heard of
who never lost a race,” Bob continued.

  When any one begins talking like that you
might as well lay down your hand. I
played with a salt cellar for a few seconds
and then asked—

  “What was his name?”

  Bob answered at considerable length:

HIS name was “Dogie.” Any-
way that was what they called
him at home. In school the boys
called him “Wart.” You re-
member a dogie is the cow-country word for
a runt, a calf of stunted growth.

  This boy had eight brothers. Every one
of them was six feet tall or over, but Dogie
stopped growing at five foot one. The folks
around home thought he was sickly at first.
Even his mother was afraid there might be
something the matter with him. But there
wasn’t anything wrong. He was just a
dogie. At that time people didn’t know
much about what causes dwarfs. It is
something wrong with the pituitary gland,
whatever that is. Sometimes it causes
giants, too. I read this in a book. The
giants are often dumb-bells and they don’t

usually live long, but the dwarfs are bright.
They generally live long and enjoy good
health. You can look it up for yourself if
the subject interests you.

. Anyway this kid was regarded as sickly,
although he had muscles like piano wires.
He spent the first eight years of his life
dodging around, Crying to keep out from un-
der the feet of his cithers and father.
They were so big, and Dogjfi- was so little
that life for him was one continuous danger.

  Out on the ranch where they lived the
work called for weight as well as strength.^
You take breaking a colt, for instance, and
a midget is at a disadvantage. It is the
same way with handling yearlings; you’ve
got to have some weight as well as strength.

  About the only thing this kid was good
for around the place was to grease the wind-
mills. He was the best in the world at that
job because he was so short it didn’t make
any difference how the thing flapped around
in the breeze it wouldn’t knock him off the
platform. He was under it.

  But when Dogie’s big brothers played, he
had to stay out of the way. There just simply
wasn’t a safe place for that kid on the ranch
after he got ouf of his mother’s lap, unless he
took to the brush. So he took to the brush.

  Now I’m not going to try to feed you any
sentimental slush about him talking to the
birds and animals, because I want to tell you
just what he did. He would sit for hours
watching them. If you have got the pa-
tience to go and do the same thing, why,
after a while, they’ll get used to you.

5°
Dogie

51

Animals haven’t such sharp eyes as people
say; they take notice of a motion a lot more
quickly than of anything standing still.
But, after they get used to a person standing
still, if he moves slowly and doesn’t scare
them, they’ll go on about their business
without paying much attention.

  That’s what Dogie used to do. It’s
simple, if you understand it, but very few
persons do. What I’m leading up to is that
Dogie got animal wise. He got so he could
watch their eyes and know just what they
were going to do next, like a prize fighter
watches his opponent. He was queer that
way. Whenever you see any one who
knows animals like Dogie knew them you
never forget him. It shows in his eyes.

  Horses especially were like people to
Dogie. He would sit on a corral fence or
out in the pasture and look at them all day.
If one made a mistake about something, got
hold of the wrong weed or made a clumsy
movement, Dogie would laugh. I’ve seen a
horse look up, when the kid was laughing,
as much as to say—

  “Well, that’s one on me.”

  Horses are a queer kind of animal, any-
way. I have always suspected that they
are not entirely devoid of a sense of humor.
And I’ll tell you why. There was a colt out
on the ranch that seemed to be just chock
full of mischief. He’d pick up an empty
oat sack in his teeth and then parade
around, offering the other end of it to any
horse that would like to play. Usually an-
other colt would catch hold and then they’d
tug and pull for the sack while the whole
corral looked on. If the other horses didn’t
enjoy the show then they certainly fooled
me—and I know a few things about horses
my own self. I saw this colt, one day,
march up to Dogie and offer him the sack.
Dogie took it and then had the merriest kind
of a romp.

  We didn’t have any moving-picture shows
in those days or much of any other kind of
entertainment out in the country, so the
boys used to get up races, and turkey shoots
and things like that. We’d measure off a
mile and send the horses over it, owners
riding; yes, and betting, too. It wasn’t
against the law then.

  The first time I ever saw Dogie at one of
these races he was about eleven years old.
He had sneaked down into the pasture and
run off with the funniest old bag of bones
that ever wore horsehide. It was the only

horse he dared to take without danger of it
being missed.

  Dogie arrived with twenty-five cents and
the gambling fever, so we let him in. It
seemed like a shame to take his money, but
the poor kid was always being crowded out
of everything on account of his size, and I
thought it would be kinder to let him run and
lose his two bits than to hurt his feelings. I
said so and the boys agreed to let him run.
Poor old Dogie didn’t even have a saddle.
We cow hands thought a fancy saddle was
essential to a race. Dogie had done his best
when he swiped the horse; he didn’t dare
go near the barn to get a saddle because
that would have been a dead give-away.

  I offered to let him have mine for one race
but he wouldn’t take it. He had a buck-
skin thong with two little eye holes in it tied
around his horse and he stuck his big toes
into the holes. That was his saddle. His
bridle was a halter made out of rope and he
carried a willow switch that he had cut on
the way. Well, the entries lined up and I
fired my pistol.

AWAY they went, Dogie in the
lead from the first jump. Some-
how that boy could always get
his mount off in the lead; I think
it was because he simply became part of
the horse. He was used to riding bareback
and knew every muscle in the animal. He
had a way of clamping down with his knees
just at the proper second. Dogie’s old bag
of bones looked awful funny out there in the
lead, humping itself up at every jump and
bringing all four feet together in midair
so that they almost interfered with each
other.

  The picture suggested a drunken goat.
And the funniest thing of all was that the
horse ran with his head down. Darned if
it didn’t look to me like he was going kind
of sidewise and scouring the whole road as
he moved along.

  All of us laughed and some of the boys in
the race said afterward that they nearly fell
out of their saddles, but just the same that
old nag was moving. Dogie rode with a
sort of swaying motion, like a sailboat when
the waves are coming against it from one
side. He was holding a tight rein if you can
call a halter a rein, and had evidently hypno-
tized that old horse into thinking they were
just breezing along. He always knew how
to kid an animal.
52

, Adventure

  I thought his nag would wear out about
two-thirds of the way home and finish last,
but when they came into the stretch Dogie
was still a length in the lead. That’s when
the other boys in the race cut loose with
whip and spur. Three of them came abreast
and then two went ahead of him. They
were the two we thought would win, so no
one was surprized.

  About half-way down the stretch Dogie
sort of lengthened out as if he was going to
stand up in the saddle, and then he laid
himself out along his horse’s neck. You
would have thought he was afraid the poor
old brute might run right out from under
him. It sure was a funny sight. But kind
of graceful, in a way, too.

  Dogie reached back and used his switch a
couple of times, and right then and there
business picked up. He had kidded that old
bag of bones into thinking it was a two year
old. The response wasn’t beautiful, but it
sure was effective.

  When a horse lets himself out with all he’s
got it always looks as if he turns into india
rubber and becomes two feet longer and a
lot thinner. Dogie’s nag couldn’t get much
thinner, but he shot in between the two
leaders and thundered under the tape a
neck in the lead.

  The spectators stood there blinking with
their mouths open while Dogie hopped off
his mount and made a bee-line to where I
was standing to collect four bits. We al-
ways bet even money. The horse instantly
forgot all about the race and began eating
grass. He was probably the lowest-down
beast that ever came under a wire first.

  It took a long time for us boys to realize
that Dogie’s riding had anything to do with
his unfailing good luck at the races. We
let him run every time he wanted to, but
after a while we barred him from riding for
any one else. That was done on the ground
of his weight. There wasn’t a hundred
pounds of him even when you included his
shirt, pants and pocket knife. Moreover,
he didn’t use a saddle.

  We would have imposed a handicap on
him, but he generally rode such a sorry
beast that he had already handicapped him-
self beyond anything we could do. Also
we didn’t like to admit that he was the best
rider in three counties; that went too strong
against our pride. Dogie’s regular price for
winning a horse race for some one else was
ten cents. There was an additional under-

standing that if he lost, the owner didn’t
owe him anything. But he always col-
lected.

  After a while it occurred to us boys that
we might be able to recover some of the
money Dogie had taken away from us by
backing him against cowhands farther
away. The standard wage on ranches in
those days was fifteen dollars a month, con-
sequently we didn’t have to lose over five
dollars to be crippled.

  So we picked out some of our best ponies
and stirred up races in five adjoining
counties. Dogie redeemed himself by put-
ting us back on'our feet, financially. Then
we became ambitious; nothing less than the
county fairs would satisfy us. In the course
of these local races we had got a pretty good
line on our horses; in fact, we settled upon
one as the fastest horse in the world, which
was fair enough since none of us had stop
watches. This horse’s name was Persim-
mon, a big stallion with a disposition so sour
that no other name would fit him.

THE business of getting that
*brute to a county fair turned out
to be rather complicated. First
of all we had to form a syndicate of
twenty partners to pay the expense. Then
Dogie went hog wild and demanded a dollar
for riding him. Next we had to give up a
couple of the nearest fairs in order to wait
until all members of the syndicate had
enough money to make bets.

  During this delay a new complication
arose that threatened to leave us without a
jockey. There was an old horse on the
ranch that no one but Dogie could catch.
This beast had to be harnessed for work
every day, so Dogie’s father objected to the
kid’s going away. He had been playing
hide-and-go-seek with this horse every
morning for several years and was therefore
accountable for its bad habits.

  This horse was a dark bay about ten
years old—he’d go down among the trees in
the lower pasture and stand right still; that
made it hard to see him. You can’t tell me
he didn’t know it, either. Dogie’s father
would send the boy down into the pasture
after him and then the game would start.

  Now, nearly every one else would have
run his legs off, but Dogie had too much
animal sense. He’d pick out a spot where
he could see a lot of the pasture and wait
until his eyes were well adjusted to the light
Dogie t

53

under the trees; then he’d put his fingers in
his mouth and whistle very sharply. That
would make the horse’s ears turn in the di-
rection ct the sound.

  If just one ear was visible Dogie would
spot him. The horse always stood so that
he could peek around a tree. If his eyes
met Dogie’s he’d trot up and take the bridle,
but if Dogie had missed him he’d go on
standing still. That was their game. No
one else knew how to play it, so the syndi-
cate had to put up two more hard-earned
dollars to pay for oats so the horse could be
kept in the corral while Dogie was away.

  However, we finally got Persimmon to the
post with Dogie on him. Every member of
the syndicate was draped over the fence
around the racetrack clutching the evidence
of his fifteen-dollar bet. One month’s
wages.

  A shot was fired and they were off, nine of
them, Dogie in the lead as usual. All of us
syndicate members were feeling very com-
fortable when we saw Persimmon round the
first turn a length ahead, but on the far side
of the track he fell back gradually until he
was seven.

  I want to tell you that was terrible. The
same thought occurred to all of us: Dogie
was riding one of those little trick saddles
that they insist upon at fancy races and we
were afraid he was handicapped. He was
used to a regular saddle or none at all. We
were worried. Three horses dropped out
of the running as they came into the stretch,
leaving the three leaders well bunched and
Persimmon trailing them by two lengths.
I never had seen horses go quite that fast
before, so the outlook was far from satis-
factory.

  Just to keep our courage up we began
yelling—■

  “Come on, Dogie!”

  And then the kid went through that funny
straightening-out process of his. I think
he always did more steering with his knees
than with the reins; he was strong as a
gorilla. Persimmons got the message and
closed in like a streak. I saw him disappear
behind a black horse that was leading and
then I saw his nose come out on the far side.

  Just at that moment a policeman pulled
me off the fence. Tom Badley was also
arrested. They fined him ten dollars for
firing his pistol in the air. But we collected
our bets five for one and spent the whole
evening riding the hobby horses and drink-

ing soda pop. I don’t know why it is, but a
cowboy never can stay off those wooden
horses at a county fair.

  That evening I said to Dogie:

  “Boy, you come mighty nigh to killing
twenty of the best friends you’ve got in the
world. Why didn’t you keep Persimmon in
the lead all the way?”

  Dogie looked at me with pity for my
ignorance.

  “Persimmon don’t like to run that way,”
he said. “He wants to chase after the others
and then go ahead of them. Otherwise he
don’t enjoy the race.”

  Imagine a kid saying anything like that!
You’d think he had been talking to the
horse.

  After this race we cowhands saw wealth
coming our way. All we had to do was en-
ter Persimmon and Dogie in every race we
could find. But a new obstacle presented
itself. Dogie had also made a fifteen dollar
bet; consequently he was now rich and ready
to retire.

  For a year he had been planning a start in
the business of raising hogs and I learned
afterward that every cent he had ever
earned was stowed away in a sugar bowl
guarded by his mother. He was a wistful
little fellow; always wanting to show off
for his mother. His brothers were all such
big fellows, and every one spoke so well of
them, that Dogie was afraid his mother
wouldn’t be proud of him. He knew she
loved him like a baby, but he wanted to be
regarded as a man.

  He used to tell her that when he grew up
he would buy her something real pretty
with the money in the old sugar bowl. Poor
kid, he did his best to swagger but he simply
couldn’t get away with it in that family.
Just about the time he thought he was going
good one of his brothers would come in and
announce that a banker had offered to lend
him five thousand dollars on his own note to
buy a herd of yearlings.

  That was the kind of a family he lived in.
It was-for a dwarf.

—	SO HE plunged into the hog

S|g||j|j business. Three months later he
had half a dozen pens full of pigs,
but the ranch missed several rains
and his corn crop burned to a beautiful,
golden brown. In other words, Dogie had
the choice of buying feed or putting the
whole family on a steady diet of young
54

Adventure

pork. Every cent he had, except one hun-
dred dollars, was tied up. He had held out
that much for emergencies. I remember
the morning he set out for town to buy
grain. You’d have thought he was going to
his own funeral.

  In town he met a man named Smith and a
horse named Geyser. Both of them were
fugitives from justice and neither had very
good prospects for his next meal. This fel-
low Smith was a crook and the horse was a
lunatic. Lots of race horses are crazy, but
there never was a crazier one than Geyser.

  His latest outburst had just got Smith
into serious trouble. A jockey used his
whip on Geyser when they were coming
down the stretch and he jumped clear over
the railing. Several persons were hurt.
As a result Smith dodged a sheriff and man-
aged to get away with Geyser, but a court
order tied up most of his money and two
other horses he owned.

  I don’t know how he happened to come
to our town; probably he didn’t have much
choice of trains. Anyway, there he was,
trying to sell Geyser, and at the same time
keep a string tied to him. His offer was one
hundred dollars for the horse with an
option to buy him back for two hundred
dollars within a month. He needed the
hundred to reach friends and get money.
But no one wanted his horse. They could
look at Geyser and tell that he was a wild
one.

  Dogie heard the talk around town and
then went to see the cause of it. He was
already headed for bankruptcy so he de-
cided to take a gamble. An additional
hundred dollars within a month would just
about pull him out of the hole.

  Dogie bought Geyser and rode him home.
Smith protested and so did almost every one
else in town, but Dogie never had the slight-
east uneasiness on the subject of his ability
to reach a friendly understanding with a
horse. He and Geyser looked at each other
for about an hour before they set out for
the ranch, and after that they seemed to
speak each other’s language. There were
no apples or carrots or sugar or anything
like that in the process of getting ac-
quainted. They had just made up to each
other in their own way. That’s all there
was to it.

  Dogie and his speculation had a pretty
hard time for two weeks. If any one else
on the ranch went into the corral where

Geyser was penned, one or the other of them
would pretty soon try to climb out—usually
both. Dogie’s father and brothers made up
a purse of twenty-five dollars and bought
some feed for the hogs, but they had more
than twenty-five dollars worth of fun at
Dogie’s expense.

  They used to tell the kid there were only
two ways for him to escape the poorhouse;
either feed the hogs to Geyser or Geyser to
the hogs. This joke had a two-edged mean-
ing. Hogs will eat flesh, of course, but the
boys were insinuating that Geyser also
would take to a diet of raw meat.

  Dogie used to say to his mother:

  “Mr. Smith will come back. Don’t you
think so, mama?”

  He was so loaded down with business
cares that his mother had to come to the
rescue with moral support, so she usually ex-
pressed faith in Smith.

  Except at meal times Dogie kept out of
the way. He’d saddle Geyser every day and
give him a run for exercise. He told me
afterward that Geyser was the first and only
horse he ever handled that really had racing
instinct. Geyser was a thoroughbred all
right, but he was six years old and never had
settled down. Six years is old for a race
horse. He was a gray-beard and still wild.

  I looked up his record and found that he
had won some wonderful races, but he had
also come in last several times. In other
words, Geyser was one of those crazy animals
with a yard of pedigree that will run or not
just as he pleases. What tickled Dogie,
though, was his eagerness to run ahead of
Spot, the dog. Spot liked to race. I think
most dogs do, especially if they have gone
over the track a few times.

  Well, one day Smith came back, and he
brought the promised two hundred dollars,
so business was looking up for Dogie. Our
rural telephone was out of commission that
day, so Smith had to come out to the ranch
in person. When he heard that Dogie had
been racing Geyser against Spot every
morning he nearly fainted.

  “It’s an eighth wonder you aren’t dead,”
he said.

  And then he told us about Geyser’s play-
ful habits. I gathered that no one was safe
when Geyser took the bit in his teeth.
Likely as not he’d climb up into the judge’s
stand and bite one of the officials. While
Smith talked, the rest of us sort of peeped at
Dogie’s mother to see what impression all
Dogie

55

this was making. We were uneasy because
she worried some about the kid. Natur-
ally he wasn’t much different from a baby
to her, because all of the other boys grew so
tall. But she wasn’t scared at all. She
laughed.

  “Do you think I am joking?” Smith asked
her.

  “I know you are not joking,” she said,
“but you and Geyser just never happened to
meet any one who can ride like Dogie.”

  I think that conversation was what put
the idea into Smith’s head to take Dogie
with him. The kid was afraid he wouldn’t
get permission, so he went without asking
and telegraphed after they were over the
Louisiana State line. He probably thought
the state line protected him in some way.
None of us worried about his going, because
Dogie always had a lot of common sense.
We knew he could ride and we had heard
that a good jockey was better paid than a
cow hand. The only uncertain element
was Smith. He didn’t measure up very
high in our estimation.

THE next we heard from Dogie
he was at a hotel in New Orleans
and scheduled for a race one week
later. He was going to ride Gey-
ser and he said the odds would be twelve to
one. He was wishing he had some money
to bet and some one to bet it for him, be-
cause he didn’t understand just how it was
done at a regular race track. Also he didn’t
believe they’d let him bet. Smith, he
wrote, wouldn’t let him have any money
for fear he might take a notion to go home.

  I didn’t have much work on hand at the
time, so I went to New Orleans for the
races. Dogie was tickled pink to be so im-
portant. He showed me around the town
as if he owned it. I told him I was going to
bet ten dollars, nine on him and one on
Geyser. In our set that was pretty heavy
gambling, so the kid was impressed. How-
ever, it looked to me like a good bet on a
purely gambling basis. I don’t usually bet,
as you know, but they had been clocking the
horses and plain figures showed that Geyser
was the fastest. The question was whether
he’d run on the track or all over the neigh-
boring counties. People said that some
days he wouldn’t run at all. Geyser was a
prima donna with an ingrowing disposition,
so he went on the score board as a twelve-to-
one shot.

  On the opening day of the winter race-
meet I received a letter from Dogie’s mother
inclosing five twenty-dollar bills. She
wanted me to place a bet on Dogie. None
of us ever mentioned Geyser; you’d have
thought the boy was entered as a horse in-
stead of a jockey. The letter said I was to
tell Dogie about the bet only after he won
and then turn the money over to him for
further instructions. That’s like a woman;
they never think of the possibility of losing.

  But I happened to know where she got the
hundred dollars and my conscience was un-
easy; that hundred dollars was chicken and
egg money, the accumulation of a good
many months. So I wired her:

  “Has it occurred to you that he might
lose? Answer.”

  She wired back:

  “Sure he might lose. But he is my baby.”
  So I bet the hundred dollars. *

  Some people don’t get much kick out of
a horse race unless they have a bet posted,
but if I bet I get so much kick I don’t enjoy
the sport. Money, out our way, doesn’t
come easy. We work for it. Turning loose
one hundred dollars that afternoon for a
bookmaker’s slip of paper was just about as
hard a job as I ever undertook. A mental
picture of Dogie’s mother feeding his hogs
and wishing him luck haunted me until the
horses left the post.

  There were ten starters, rather a large list,
so the men in red jackets had to work
pretty hard getting them lined up. And
Geyser gave them more trouble than any
other three. I don’t know just how Dogie
managed it, but whenever he brought a
horse to the post the animal was already
crouching for a spring. Dogie seemed to
know how to give him news of the situation
and put him on edge for the getaway. I
think it must have been the way he sat, or
some special sort of knee pressure. He
could get a horse crouched for a spring even
when riding him for the first time. That
boy simply spoke horse language with his
legs.

  Well, finally they got away, Geyser in the
lead and cutting across for a place next to
the rail. Dogie was always afraid of being
jostled in the first turn of the track. He
would either have got away in the lead or
kept them there all day. After the first
turn he let Geyser breeze along until four
horses were ahead of him and two others
gaining.
56

Adventure

  I was watching their heads and tails bob
up and down on the far side of the track
when Smith came up beside me and began
to groan. It looked to him like Geyser
wouldn’t run. I didn’t know whether he
would or wouldn’t, but I felt mighty uneasy
about that hundred dollars when I listened
to the groans. I told Smith that it looked
to me like Dogie was keeping clear for the
inside position and dodging trouble at the
second turn but Smith just sputtered.
He sounded like a leaking steam valve.
He said they were going to pocket Geyser
on the turn and sure enough they did.

  It was Dogie’s first experience against
real track generalship. I don’t know much
about such things, but I could see that they
had worked him away from the rail on the
turn and at the same time crowded the track
in front of him. Evidently they judged
Geyser was going to run if he got a chance.
This maneuver brought seven horses into
the stretch pretty well bunched, four ahead
of Geyser, two behind.

  And then Dogie lengthened out in that
funny way of his, falling forward along the
horse’s neck. Well, sir, you would have
thought a bee had stung old Geyser. His
belly drew in and his whole body lengthened
out; it actually looked like his neck got
longer. The only question after that was
whether he could overcome a lead of nearly
two lengths in such a short distance. If he
could, Dogie’s mother was certainly going to
collect twelve hundred dollars.

  Just at that time it would have helped my
nerves a lot if Dogie had been using a whip,
but he didn’t. Geyser was too temper-
amental. The whole job was being done by
power of suggestion. Geyser shot through
a space between two horses just in front of
him and then went after the favorite, a
slender, light bay, as pretty a horse as
I have ever seen, and running like a
deer.

  Geyser ran more like a ——■. He was a
mean scoundrel and just as crazy as any-
thing in an asylum, but tireless. Dogie had
kidded the old idiot into thinking he had the
bit in his teeth and was cutting up. Dust
and clods of dirt began to shoot out behind
him and the space between him and that
light bay just closed up like some one shut-
ting a door. Personally, though, I think
the finest thing about that race was that it
didn’t last long because I couldn’t have
stood much more. Geyser thundered un-

der the wire half a length ahead and then
danced all over the track when Dogie tried
to stop him. He didn’t seem to be the least
bit tired or winded.

  Smith said to me—

  “He got loose and ran away.”

     tea THAT evening at the table Dogie
     Sr . said to me:

            “I can win with this horse any
time I start unless they show me
the docker’s report on a faster one. He’s
the easiest horse to fool that I ever struck.
He just simply hasn’t got any sense at all.
The only thing I have to do is jump him into
the lead and get his racing fever up, then we
breeze along until some of them pass us.
A horse doesn’t think as fast as a man; it
takes more time for him to get mad. If the
jockey gets worried first and tries to hurry
Geyser he goes crazy, but just play like you
haven’t noticed that there is a race going on
and he takes the bit in his teeth and runs
away.”

  “Did he run away with you?” I asked.

  “Sure,” Dogie answered. “But the sweet
part of it is that I can make the poor old
idiot run away every time. He’s crazy I
tell you. I could kid that horse out of his
eye teeth. I wish I had a thousand dollars
to bet on him tomorrow.”

  That was the psychological moment, so
I hauled out the twelve hundred dollars and
laid it on the table. Dogie nearly fell into
his soup. It was the first time in his life
that he had seen more than two hundred
cash. He counted it until I thought the
figures would wear off before he came to
and asked me where I got it.

  When I told him he had to struggle to
choke back the tears. The only living
thing he was maudlin about was his mother.
The Presidency wouldn’t have meant half so
much to him as her bet. By some fortunate
accident I had sense enough to show him
his mother’s letter and not display the tele-
gram in which she referrred to him as her
baby. Later in the evening I burned the
telegram as insurance against possible
accidents.

  “I’ll tell you what we’ll do,” he said.
“We’ll hold out the two hundred. Then
mama is bound to double her money. To-
morrow you bet the thousand on Dogie to
win. Don’t bother with place or show.
That lunatic either comes in ahead or bites
himself and dies of hydrophobia.”
Dogie

57

  I bet the thousand as directed, but the
odds had gone down to six to one. There
were several persons who thought Geyser
had at last found his master and quite a few
bets were being placed. That forced down
the odds. No one disputed the horse’s
speed.

  Well, Dogie repeated. Racing people
are quick on the trigger when they make up
their minds and five men were hunting for
Dogie that night. They said he looked to
them just like what I told you he was, the
greatest jockey in the world. They wanted
him.

  He and I talked over the situation before
we went to bed. I said—

  “Dogie, you’ve got a career ahead of you
in this game if you want it.”

  “I don’t want it, Bob,” Dogie said.
“These are the funniest looking people I
ever met in my life. A lot of those fellows
that mill around under the grandstand look
to me like crooks. Smith looks like a crook,
too. If you have my six thousand tucked
away close to your hide I think we’ll cut
out of here while the going is good. It must

be pretty hard on mama, having to feed
those hogs every day.”

  I said:

  “Dogie, no man could quit with a cleaner
record than yours. You have won every
race you ever started in and never had a
first-class mount in your life.”

  So Dogie and I lit out for Texas. He’s
done right well in the hog business, but he
still loves horse races. He’s got a track of
his own now. And the races are conducted
according to his own idea. Dogie trots out
a couple of colts, lines them up, and starts
them—no jockeys. The one that comes
under the wire first gets an apple or a lump
of sugar. That may sound slow to you, but
Dogie nearly goes cuckoo with excitement.
One day he fell off the fence and broke his
arm, rooting for Geyser’s grandson.

“BOB,” I said to him afterward,
“you never did tell me his name.
Dogie and Wart are just nick-
names. What’s his last name?”
“It’s the same as mine,” Bob replied.
“He’s my kid brother.”
THE THREE TRADERS

Author of “Thieves’ Honor,” “Black Ivory,'’’ etc.

r

I

HERE were three traders on
Jijilap. One was the Scotchman,
Duncan Macintosh, a capable
man but a dour one, whose wrath
flamed when they insulted his clan—as they
often did—by addressing him as Mack-
intosh, or even McIntosh; showing thereby
their ignorance and disregard of Gaelic
customs. Macintosh was inclined to drink
too much trade gin for the good of his liver,
but his head was adamant to alcoholic at-
tack. He was long and lean when he first
came to the South Pacific and years of
tropic sun had reduced him to what was
little better than a working skeleton. It
had not so affected Henry Harrison from
Sydney.

  Unlike Macintosh, Harrison abused his
own patronymic. He cheerily styled him-
self ’Ennery ’Arrison and considered that he
was speaking the king’s English. Not that,
being Australian, he cared much about the
king, merely a person who, in Harrison’s
opinion “ ’ad been born with a golden crown
in ’is mouth, the lucky stiff,” and was really
no whit better than himself, who had sever-
al gold crowns in his own mouth, born of
youthful carelessness, parental indulgence,
cheap candy and chalky teeth.

  ’Ennery was strong for the “Hempire.”
He was not as efficient in many ways
as Macintosh but the natives would do
more for him. He was an amiable drunk-
ard and a fine pool-player before he went
into trading for the Starlight Soap Com-
pany. But even if he could have imported

58

a pool table to Jijilap the cockroaches would
have eaten the cloth inside a week.

  Harrison had the complexion of a new
brick, a paunch that nothing could dimin-
ish, blue eyes that twinkled and a yellow-
ish, sun-bleached mustache of which he was
inordinately proud, though it would have
suited the makeup of a trooper in a crack
cavalry regiment better than ’ Ennery’s
round moon of a face.

  Macintosh worked for another com-
pany their stations several miles apart.
There was lots of copra available on Jijilap,
which was natively ruled over by three
chiefs, who were brothers, and who divided
the island into three sections, each starting
at the tiptop of the volcanic mountain
crest, that still emitted vapor and some-
times growled in its sleep as if with indi-
gestion, down through grassy uplands,
thick bush, across beach and lagoon to the
outer reef; three great slices of island pie.

  A pie full enough of plums for all of
them; fish from the reef, lagoon and beach;
coconuts and fruit from the lowlands, be-
sides the products of the cultivated fields;
wild pig from the grasslands and crags;
birds from the forest, whose plumage was
used for adornment, and the bodies of
the wood pigeons for food. A goodly
heritage divided between them by Matesei,
the king, on his deathbed.

  Vetesi and Puhoteke, second and third
sons respectively, were well satisfied; but
Haiti, the eldest son, who had dreamed
that all the kingdom should be his, was
The Three Traders

59

discontented, and the more he brooded over
the matter, the more his injury grew. He
had a wife, Minea, the daughter of the
high chief of the island of Kasilak, who
fostered his dissatisfaction and embittered
it for the sake of her son.

   With clever words she sowed the seed of
ambition in the minds of Kaiti’s followers,
watering it with the suggestion of greater
i possessions and the pick of the women of
Puhoteke and Vetesi, telling them that
Kaiti was the rightful ruler and that they
were Kaiti’s men. But it was only seed
that had not yet germinated and, so far,
there was no hatred between the three
clans, save in the hearts of Kaiti and Minea,
his wife.

  Even on Jijilap blood was thicker than
water and kinship still prevailed. Only
Kaiti grew more and more sour as the
ferment of thwarted aspirations worked
within him and Minea kneaded the mass
subtly. Kaiti drank more and more kawa
and toddy made from the inflorescence of
the coco-palm and the liquor slowly changed
the chemistry of his spirit to gall.

  Since he could not arouse enthusiasm
among his followers to rise and massacre
their kin, he spent the hours brewing hatred
against all the world and the three white
men in particular, restrained from murder-
ing the latter because he was afraid of their
superior mana or supernatural power; and
of their guns.

   Macintosh was in the territory of Puho-
teke, Harrison in that of Vetesi. The third
white man had his place on the beach, in the
land of Kaiti. There was no open enmity
among the three brothers. Their people
visited with each other and feasts were held
together in full friendship, gifts interchanged
and there was intermarriage, with no lines
drawn for trespass. Puhoteke and Vetesi
were friendly to the whites, who brought
them trade of tobacco, salmon, cloth and
other matters in exchange for coconuts,
candle and ivory nuts,and labor at copra time.

  Sometimes Kaiti traded with them also,
first with one and then with the other, trying
to establish ill-feeling between the two, since
he could cause either one to show more
profit than the other, if Kaiti favored him.
Also he tried to get more in trade by playing
one against the other; these schemes being
the schemes of Minea, his wife, who was a
clever, handsome, jealous, ambitious, vin-
dictive and unscrupulous female.

§THE third white man was also a
trader, but he worked for no firm
and he did not bother about
copra or any kinds of nuts, about
sharks’ fins or beche-de-mer or turtle shell.
The natives knew him for a Merikani—
American—said that his nose was shaped
like a canoe and marveled at his everlasting
energy. Macintosh and Harrison gener-
ally referred to him as the “Yank.”

  They did not exactly dislike him but there
was a certain racial antipathy between
them that had started about the year 1775
and had never entirely died down. The
World War had done something to restore
matters, but Macintosh, who was fifty-four,
had been too old to recruit and Harrison,
who had an irregular heart, had not been
permitted to. Whereas Jim Clinton had
done his bit and had a couple of decorations
stowed away somewhere that he never
showed and never looked at. The war was
over and he had gone back to the South
Seas, determined, at thirty, to make his
pile quickly in the pearl-shell lottery.

  He was leaner, longer and browner than
Macintosh and his eyes were gray. He was
as hard as nails and he kept himself in shape,
living on Jijilap only during the diving sea-
son, leaving it, when the rains started, for
Suva, where he lived simply and took in the
moving pictures, the restaurants, the band
concerts and the radio programs. Mac-
intosh and Harrison stayed on their jobs;
the Scot, because he could save money; the
Australian, because he was always in debt
to the Starlight people since the price of
squareface had advanced and his salary had
not. His employers were not philanthro-
pists, any more than Macintosh’s.

  A certain amount of friction was kept
alive on sundry occasions when Clinton
hoisted on the pole that stood outside his
shack the Stars and Stripes. On these
occasions, Macintosh flaunted the scarlet
cross of Saint Andrew on its white ground
and Harrison the blue ensign with its one
big star and five smaller ones of the Austra-
lian Commonwealth.

  On their own national holidays they flew
the Union Jack and Clinton came back with
the American ensign once again. On the
whole, they were several grades above
friendly enemies. At fairly regular inter-
vals they visited with each other, grogged
together, smoked together and wished each
other good luck. Clinton knew they called
6o

Adventure

him Yank, and realized there was an
assumption of superiority therein that did
not bother him. For they were both work-
ing on salary and a slim, a very slim, com-
mission and he was getting along very
nicely with his pearl shell.

  Not pearls. They were too much like
angels’ visits, few and far between, but
first-class, black-edged pearl shell, top qual-
ity, heavy weight, without wormholes.
Shell in great demand for buttons, for the
handles of fancy cutlery, for inlay work in
Oriental lacquer and European papier-
mache, and for various forms of ornamen-
tation and cheaper jewelry.

  He was the working partner under a lease
that he would have had trouble in getting for
himself, being an American, from the Aus-
tralian Commonwealth, that, since the war,
reckoned Jijilap as its lawful possession, and
to whom the three chiefs were only titular
owners. The sleeping partner had made the
original discovery, garnered the shell within
the twelve-fathom depth and gone back to
Sydney where he married a wife who dis-
approved severely of any husband of hers—
she was a widow—going away overnight,
much less sojourning in the South Seas
which she mentally peopled with lascivious
and much too attractive sirens, whose cop-
pery skin was likely to be much too lavishly
displayed. She disapproved strongly of
Clinton despite the fact that he was an-
nually giving* them an increasing income
that bade fair to become in time a tidy for-
tune.

  The sleeping partner put up the lease,
his discovery of the shell and the necessary
capital. And Clinton, who was not called
a Yank without reason, put in his brains
and labor on a sliding scale that gave him
fifty per cent, up to a certain yield, and,
after that, an increasing amount as the net
profits grew larger. Since the original
lessee considered the field on Jijilap fairly
well exhausted, he had signed the sublease
contract thinking he had all the best of it.

  Clinton imported six men from the
Tuamotus, members of the fearless but
friendly tribes of those Dangerous Isles.
He brought three diving-suits, two iof the
pick of his men, one for himself. And, find-
ing banks of the fine shell at a depth where
even modern diving was close to its limit, he
utilized the ingenuity of Yankeedom and
devised many contrivances.

  Sometimes he went under himself and

made survey of the ledges, later on placing
dynamite where whole sections could be
displaced without much loss of shell, to be
later brought up by dredges and tongs.
Every season his schooner was well filled
with the precious freight which he sold
sometimes in Singapore and sometimes in
Suva.

  His blasting kept his section of the lagoon
fishless and, for this, he paid tribute to
Kaiti, to compensate him for loss of natural
revenue. Otherwise he was independent of
him, too much so for the greed of the chief
who did not recognize the fact that he was,
after, all, only a chief by courtesy of the
commonwealth.

  So the remote isle of Jijilap on the Fourth
of July in the year nineteen hundred and
twenty-odd, with the Stars and Stripes snap-
ping in the trade and, further along the coast,
the banners of Macintosh and Harrison
paradoxically celebrating—or perhaps de-
fying—the birth of American Independence.

  Clinton made it a holiday but they did
not. In his bush capita/ Kaiti grouched and
drank kawa, which affects bodily but not
mental coordination, and listened to the
counsel of Minea, his wife, who told him
that he was a fool not to make all the white
men pay him tribute instead of demanding
labor, and to make Kalinitoni pay double
what he did now. Otherwise, to make
trouble

  “You say it is your island,” she pressed
him. “Did you not say so when you came
to my father for me? Perhaps you lied to
me. Or you have drowned your manhood
in kawa.”

  Then, as Kaiti glowered at her with eyes
reddened by indulgence in the potent stuff,
she called to a girl to make a fresh supply.
After all, the kawa made him more respon-
sive and she was careful not to cross him,
knowing that when he broke loose he was
more fiend than man. Besides, the liquor
kept him chained. It paralysed his limbs
while he could still listen to her insinuating
talk. She was a very clever woman,
Minea, with far more brains that Kaiti, who
had the mind of a child, the brawn of a
Samson and the disposition of a spoiled, a
badly spoiled, and mischievous boy.

  Also Minea had her own private hatreds—
againstf Mesi, the head wife of Puhoteke,
who had borne him five male children and
was always displaying them or talking
about them—against Tuni, the favorite
The Three Traders

61

of Vetesi who was much better looking and
younger than Minea, and knew it.

  “If it is your island,” she said, “why do
you let them fly those war cloths? Lo,
there are three white men and each has a
different cloth. It is true that Arisoni and
Makinitosi sometimes fly the same one, but
it is different from that of Kalinitoni, who
yesterday refused me twenty sticks of to-
bacco. Set those two against the one,
Kaiti, and, if there be any left, kill him.
For, if you make them fight with each
other, then the men of your brothers will
fight also for them and perhaps your
brothers may be killed.

  “At least they will be weakened. Are
you not the oldest of them all? Is not my
son and your son to rule here, and not the
misshapen children of that lazy Mesi—”
this was a double lie—“and the sons of
Tuni, who pretends that she is with child so
that Vetesi will give her yet more gifts.

Does not-?”

  “Your tongue clacks like the wind in the
palms,” said Kaiti. “Be silent. Bring me
the fresh bowl of kawa and begone.”

  She went, but she saw his reddened eyes
regarding the cloth with the white stars on
the blue ground and the red bars against
die white, rippling audaciously; and there
was a smile on her face as'she left the terrace.

AFTER Clinton had set the flag
flying he took his swim while
Upolu, his Paumotuan jack-of-
all-trades, cooked breakfast. He
stroked out to the anchored raft from which
he dredged and hauled out on it, much like
a seal, basking in the early sunlight and
watching the flag flapping; whistling Yan-
kee Doodle half unconsciously and shifting
into a more modern rendition of the theme
in a voice that was somewhat nasal but still
musical.

        “I’m a Yankee-Doodle dandy
        I’m a Yankee-Doodle boy.”

  His thoughts clicked off in retrospect.
George Cohan with his eccentric dance and
his eccentric hair—really born on the
Fourth of July—then later shows he had
seen, a vision of Broadway glittering with
colored lights and packed, sidewalk to side-
walk, with footfolk and motorfolk, herded
by autocratic traffic cops. It all seemed a
long way and a long, long time from
Jijilap.

  The last of the mist was trailing from the
crags. Soon there would be only the wisp
of vapor from the somnolent crater. A
flock of sooty terns slid croaking from the
forest, flapping out to sea. The sun, high
enough now to bathe the beach in golden
glow, had dissolved the gloomy shadows
of the woods and the island was draped in a
mantle of emerald and jade. The pigeons
crooned and the green and vermilion para-
keets squawked and screamed. Back of
him the reef boiled and hissed on the flood
tide and every little while the overflow sent
a long wave seething gently shoreward,
lifting the big raft.

  “It sure is beautiful,” said Clinton aloud,
“but I’d swap it all for five minutes in a
taxicab on Fifth Avenue. If the luck holds,
I’ll be there this time next year and we’ll cel-
ebrate. Prohibition or no prohibition!

  “I’ll clean my guns and overhaul my
tackle this morning,” he told himself, “and,
as soon as the sun gets off the lagoon, we’ll
go and try that pool Upolu talks so much
about. I’ll have the boys row me over to
Harrison’s after supper. Even if it is the
Fourth of July. Mac’ll be there and I’ll
get him to give us Cutty Sark. That ’11 put
him in a good humor and ‘Ennery’ can tell
me all about the time he won the snooker-
pool championship of Sydney, or whatever
it was. We’ll smoke the pipe of peace, bury
the hatchet and forget Lexington and
Bunker Hill. Come home by moonlight.
Regular Hands-Across-the-Sea program.
I’m hanged if I’m not as lonesome as a lost
purp in a snowstorm.

  “Gee, I’d give a ton of shell to go on a
snowshoe hike. Snow! I’ve forgotten what
it looks like.”

  Upolu appeared and called, and he slid
into the water to stalk out, lean and muscu-
lar, to breakfast.

  The shadow of the mountain crept down
its flanks and out across the glassy surface
of the lagoon. There was plenty of day-
light, or twilight. Back of the crags the
sun was blazing, slowly gathering to itself
the glory of sunset. The booming of the
mountain pigeons came from the forest;
the sooty terns came flapping back. From
the bush streaks of pale-blue smoke rose
like slender columns skyward, for the sea-
wind had gone and the landwind not yet
risen.

  Scarlet footed boatswain birds, white as
snow, sank like flakes among the palms and
62

Adventure

 breadfruits, croaking fretfully. The chat-
 tering parrakeets discussed the day. Shoals
 of fish darted away beneath the hull of the
 dingey as they paddled leisurely for Upolu’s
 pool of abundance. They had taken part
 of their supper with them, and a flat stone
 on which to make fire and broil the catch,
 native fashion.

   Upolu spoke in soft tones as they made
 for the shallows and at last softly lowered
 the anchor two fathoms, to rest on the edge
 of the swiftly shelving sides of the pool as
 the boat swung head on to the current.

   Upolu produced his treasures, hooks that
 were self-baiting, beautifully made of two
 pieces of lustrous shell, united with sennit
 so fashioned that they twisted like a hurt
 minnow as they were raised and lowered
 near the bottom. The fish bit avidly, pink
 and silver groupers and blue-backed sea
 salmon, a burnished treasury that gleamed
 in the twilight while the faint phosphor-
 escence streaked from the taut lines as they
 hauled them in.

   Upolu turned chef and they ate lux-
 uriously before they started smoking.
 Back of the mountain the sky had turned to
 olive, grading through aquamarine to prim-
 rose, slowly fading. Soon the stars would
 come out with a rush. The boat was deep
 with their catch.

   “We’ll be getting along,” said Clinton.
 “Going to Harrison’s tonight.”

   There was a gleam of teeth. The Paumo-
 tuans had friends also. There would be
 singing, dancing on the beach.

    “Maiti, Kalinitoni,” said Upolu, steward,
 chef, foreman and boatsteerer. “Maiti no.
 It is well.”

   Then he clucked a warning. A canoe
 was coming out of a creek in the mangroves
 half a mile away; a double-outrigger with
 the paddlers seated abreast, twenty of
 them. The beautifully shaped craft had a
 high prow and stern in which pearl inlay
 winked faintly as it came on fast. It was
 Kaiti’s own canoe and he sat on a little plat-
 form by the stern.

 f “I wonder what the old cadger wants
 now,” said Clinton and quietly hitched his
 automatic toward the front.

    He had been carrying it with him of late.
 Kaiti had been getting a little out of hand
 in his demands. His followers were amiable
 enough, but Kaiti’s was beginning to ask for
 gifts as if they were his by right. Clinton
 vdid not intend to see it that way.

  There were spears in the canoe, but that
was usual when a chief made a trip. And
there was a musket between Kaiti’s knees,
an old Springfield, fifty-eight caliber,
changed from its Civil War percussion lock
to flint, the nipple removed and a vent
opened up for priming, flashpan and spring
added; remade for trading and decorative
purposes, more authoritative than harmful,
a badge of authority, Kaiti’s scepter and his
father’s before him.

Vk THE canoe came up with a back
vBfyX wash of the paddles, stopped
alongside. Clinton had checked
the inhaul of his anchor and
showed no surprise.

  “I want tabaki, samani,” grunted Kaiti.

 He was half drunk. The odor of palm
toddy tainted the sweet air of the evening.

  “Store closed up, Kaiti’s. You too late
anyway. This day no walk along work.
Besides you’ve had all that’s coming to you,
you old pirate. Plenty too much you
catch long time,” he added in beach ver-
nacular.

  Kaiti scowled, reached out and picked
up one of the pearl hooks, muttering in
Jijilap, too swiftly for Clinton, with his
limited vocabulary, to follow. He asked
Upolu to translate.

  “He say that belong along him. He say
you stealum all shell belong along him. He
say you give big fellow pay along that shell.
You no pay he make too much trouble
along of you.”

  Kaiti was in a nasty humor. Minea had
turned counsel into nagging and he was
minded to show her that he could handle
things his own way. Already he had been
to Harrison’s demanding salmon and to-
bacco, from Macintosh he had asked gin.
Twin curt refusals had got under his choc-
olate-hued hide. Clinton was an interloper.
His mind worked like a child’s, incapable of
planning a move ahead. He was ugly,
dangerous.

 Clinton’s eyes narrowed. He was not
worried. His gun was a Luger, chosen for
its long-range possibilities, and he had no
question of his being able to put the canoe
out of commission if it was necessary. He
was not looking for trouble, but a clean-up
of the profitable shell. And he had no quar-
rel with the tribesmen.

  It would be simpler to demonstrate a
problem in geometry to Kaiti than to make
The Three Traders

63

him recognize the fact that his island be-
longed to the Australian Commonwealth.
No commissioner had formally taken over
Jijilap, no cruiser had ever visited it, it had
known no reprisals for outbreak. Kaiti’s
father had been friendly with the whites,
proud of having them on his island, appre-
ciating the trade goods.

  “Let me look along that hook,” he said
and took it from Kaiti before the latter’s
drink-dulled, low-grade brain understood
the move, his pride rather prompting
him to believe that the trader’s soft tone
meant that he was willing to discuss the
matter.

  Then his face grew black with a'rush of
angry blood as Clinton dropped it into his
pocket. To have relinquished it would
have meant loss of prestige with Kaiti’s
men and with his own.

  The lagoon was beginning to reflect the
afterglow. Rosy vapor seemed to be rising
from its depths. Bream commenced to
leap, their broad sides flashing.

  “That shell, mine. That puloa—hook—•
mine,” growled Kaiti, his big fist clenched
about his musket. “You catch plenty big
fellow fish. You give me half.” He used
the native word, illustrating it with a swift
stroke down and one across the imaginary
line.

  “Those my fish, Kaiti. Suppose you
want one, all right.”

  A bream slid out of the glowing water,
curved in the air, taking the fly it had fan-
cied, broadside to the right. Clinton
pulled his gun and fired. It was not a hard
target as it hung for a moment in midleap,
£.5 if suspended, but the effect of the shot
wag stclfthng. The fish flopped on the sur-
face, struggling to swim downwards, its
bladder pierced, Its back broken.

  Upolu reached out 5 blade and brought it
in, handing it to one of t'15 men in Kaiti’s
canoe. Impressed but furious, Kaiti or-
dered it flung overboard. He snanCii an
order and the canoe swung ahead, the quick,
strong paddles sending it forward at full
speed. It made a wide curve and swept on
toward the mangroves, into them, vanished

  “Too much he mad, I think,” said Upolu,
commencing to haul in the anchor. “Now
we go along Arrisoni, boss?”

  Clinton nodded, wondering if he had not
been more showy than diplomatic.

  “He’ll have to stay mad then,” he said.
“I’m not going to stand for blackmail.”

KAITI was, to all intents and
purposes, mad. Just that. Be-
yond the little reason he possessed.
He had been made to look small
in the eyes of his paddlers, he had been
insulted in the worst fashion. His dignity
had been flouted.

  To offer a high chief overripe fruit, a fish
that was not, save for the slight prick of the
barbless hook inside its mouth, as perfect as
when it swam; even to present a dead bird
with ruffled feathers, was an offence not to
be condoned, as criminal as crossing the
royal shadow or breaking a royal tabu. It
was unwitting on the part of Clinton.

  His men guessed at the trouble, but dis-
missed it, elated at the return of the hook,
the good shot of Clinton. It was a small
thing, but it was the last straw upon the
camel that carried the dignity of Kaiti.
For one of his own the penalty was death—
and not a swift one. Only by death could
it be forgotten or condoned. I

  The breaking water, the leaping bream,
the quick shot and the crash of the dying
fish—only those had held his hand, re-
strained his voice from ordering instant
battle. His big frame shook with rage. He
knew his paddlers, avoiding his gaze, were
wondering what ailed their chief. He
ground his teeth in a fury as the canoe
grounded and he leaped ashore to the trail
that led to his village.

  Makinitosi, Arrisoni and then Kalinitoni,
all had refused him tribute. All had treated
him, a chief, as if he were dirt.

  He would show them. He would spit
upon their war cloths and he would kill them
and drink the broth of their hearts, seated
upon three coconuts, to avoid evil. But he
would not tell Minea. She would scold, the
story would pass among the women, among
the tribes. Kaiti had been made to look
small, had been offered unfit food.

  “He who speaks of this thing,” he said to
his followers, “feeds sharks. But the head
pf this white man I will hang upon the ridge-
poJf- of rny house. And on either side shall
be the heads of Arrisoni and Makinitosi. I
have spoken.11

  The men rolled their eyeballs in the gloom
and trailed him mutely „UP the narrow path
where the dense bush rose Llke a wall on
either side, wondering if this was Jo be war
and how the brothers of Kaiti, who
friendly to Arrisoni and Makinitosi, would
take it. >
64

Adventure

  It was cool on the mountain height. The
fresh air and the climb sobered Kaiti some-
what, but did not abate the smart to his
pride. There was only one salve for that.
He must strike. Yet, in the swirling fog
of desire for revenge that gathered in his
mind, he saw one clear vision. The white
man, unafraid, pocketing the, hook, then the
gleaming fish, the flash and bark of the gun
that came from nowhere, the dying bream,
all in the winking of an eye.

  “Aiel They shoot swift and straight,
those white men!”

  And he had but a musket, without much
powder. And it would not hit a tree at
twenty paces.

  He swilled kawa that night until his wives
lifted him, helpless, and put him on his
mats.

MACINTOSH never recited
Burns—he pronounced it with at
least three R’s rolling in the midst
of the revered name—until he
was mellow with Hollands and, as this
was not a holiday with him, he was quite
sober when he arrived at Harrison’s, far
soberer than Harrison, who invariably com-
menced his potations at suppertime and was
well into a bottle when the other ar-
rived.

  “I see,” said the Scot, “that the Yank is
fleein’ his gaudy banner. ’Tis na doot the
bir-r-thday o’ Lincoln, or Washington or
Br-r-r-yan. I ne’er saw sic’ a countree for
celebrations. They’ll be havin’ a day set
apar-r-t for Volstead, the next theeng ye
ken.”

  “O’o in-is Volstead? I never ’eard

of ’im.”

  “None ye wad respec’, Henr-r-y. A puir
misguided mor-r-tal that Noah wad never
ha’ let aboar-r-d the Ar-r-k. A fir-r-st
cousin to Pussyfoot Johnson, I’m thinkin’.
Ye’ll have heard o’ him? If they had their
ain way, my lad, the warld wad be a dry an’
dreary place. I wish that Bur-r-r-ns could
ha’ met this Volstead. He’d ha’ written a
piece aboot him.”

  “Did he ever run for President?” asked
Harrison, affecting to remember the name,
refusing Macintosh stfperior information on
any subject.

  “ ’Tis likely, on the Prohibition ticket.
I dinna ken the Yank voted for him.
Ah-h-h!”

  He achieved a combination of Hollands,

a young coconut containing a pint of cool,
sweet liquid, and a dash of bitters.

  “I’ll be able to spare ye but one case,
Henr-r-y,” he said as he wiped off the
ragged ends of his grizzled mustache by the
simple process of drawing the hairs into his
mouth by an almost prehensile lower lip.
“My last shipment was shor-r-t six cases.
I r-r-efused Kaiti any this mor-rnin’. He
wanted a case an’ came doon to a bottle,
but I wad gie him none.

  “He told me he was thir-r-sty an’ I told
him he c’ud refresh himsel’ wi’ some o’ the
water he soaked his copr-r-a in the last time
he br-r-ought me some, the sweendler. I
ken he got my meanin’. I had a bottle wi’
aboot twa guid dreenks left in it on the
table an’ he spotted it. I made a point o’
drinkin’ it a’ mysel’. He didna like it, but
I’m no earin’, for I’m fair sick o’ his cadgin’.
He’s been tryin’ to set you an’ me at log-
gerheids to force the trade up for his own
advantage an’ I dinna care to be fashed wi’
him langer.”

  Harrison chuckled.

  “ ’E came ’ere between three and four
o’clock, looking for terbaccy and salmon.
’E didn’t say anything to me about booze.
I’ve turned him down before. Let ’im stick
to ’is kawa and palm toddy. ’E did me a
dirty trick by promising me twenty ’ands to
split nuts an’ then, wanting to double the
price at the larst minnit, when ’e knew I
’ad to ’ave ’em to keep me try-pot goin’,
Blarst ’im! An’ then ’e ’as the blightin’
cheek to arsk me for a case of salmon an’ a
’undred sticks of terbaccy. Didn’t want to
take no. I told ’im to get to — orf my
veranda—an’ to stay orf. ’E didn’t ’arf
like it. I’ll bet ’e went round to the Yank’s.
That’s ’is territory, annyw’y.”

  “He’s a sour •-, youn’ Kaiti. No like

his feyther. You didnsa ken him, Henr-r-y.
Vetesi takes after him. I’m no so sure o’
Puhoteke. An’ I’ve an idea ’tis Minea is
the worst of the lot an’ Tuni the best.”

  ‘"She’s a cute little trick,” agreed Harri-
son. “I can ’ear the Yank’s launch c’min’.
’E aint such a bad sort, but they didn’t
ought to allow Yanks any concessions on
islands belongin’ to the Hempire. If they
want to go pearlin’ or gettin’ copra, let ’em
do it on their own territory.”

  “They’ve no’ much. Save Hawaii an’
that’s a wee north for aught but sugar
cane.”

  “They’ve got Guam, they’ve got Tutuila,
The Three Traders

65

Tau and Rosel in Samoa and they’ve got
the whole bloomin’ Philippines. But ’e ’as
to come buttin’ in ’ere.”

  “He’s wor-r-kin’ under an Australian con-
cession.”

  “What’s the hodds? ’E’s liftin’ the shell,
ain’t ’e? ’E’s gettin’ the big end of the
profits, ain’t ’e? ’E ain’t done much crowin’
’imself but most of them Yanks make me
sick, tellin’ ’ow they won the war. Yah!
Like a man sent in the larst bloomin’ ten
minnits of a Rugby game an’ runnin’ fresh
through a stale field that’s been scrappin’
all afternoon. ’Is wind is good an’ ’e ain’t
scrum-drunk an’ tired out. So ’e canters
through an’ makes the touehdown. ’Ooray
for the ’ero! W’ot?”

  “Your remar-r-k has a cer-r-tain amount
of reason but it’s no verya judeecious.
Forby, we had oor backs against the wa’,
at that, an’, if you’ll no allow they won it,
you’ll be har-r-d put to it to deny we were
close to losin’ it.”

  “Harrison grunted.

  “If you’re siding with a --Yank agen’

me—” he began.

  “We’re three white men wi’ a common
ancestry an’ its fit we should a’ stand to-
gether in case of trouble wi’ Kaiti.”
“Trouble wi’ Kaiti? ’Ow?”

  “I’ve been here langer than you, Henr-
r-y. Kaiti wants to tun the whole island
an’ Minea has got br-rains. I’m sorry we
baith had to tur-r-n him doon i’ the ane
day. If he c’ud per-r-suade Puhoteke an’
Vetesi to make common cause wi’ him
against us, we’d be sair put to’t.”

  “Why should either of them tie in with
’im? They’d lose by it an’ gain nothing.”
“Because Puhoteke is a fool, for ane
thing. An’ you dinna want to for-r-get that
maist o’ the raids on white traders ha’ been
because o’ the thought o’ their stores.
Kaiti’s always wanted to get a’ he c’ud for
nothin’. Noo we’ve refused him he’ll git
to thinkin’ he’ll take what he wants. Or
Minea will think for him. Though she’s
sma’ use for either o’ the brothers. There’s
the launch, wi’ the American flag flauntin’
at the ster-r-n.”

  Clinton presented fresh fish for the com-
missaries of the two traders and explained
that he had been celebrating his holiday in
the sport of angling. Incidentally he told
of his affair with Kaiti. Harrison guff&Wed
but Macintosh looked grave.

  “The three o’ tis ha' made him lose face
  5	—

the same day,” he said. “There’ll be trou-
ble, o’ sorts, br-r-ewin’.”

  “Let ’er brew,” said Harrison. “I never
trouble trouble till trouble troubles me.
’Ave a drink, Clinton? I see your flag’s hup.
What’s the hoccasion? ’Ere’s to it, any-
w’y.”

  “Just an anniversary,” Clinton answered
diplomatically. “We have lots of ’em.”
Where the ignorance of his British neigh-
bors remained bliss it was sheer folly to
make them wise.”

  “We ’ave one or two,” said Harrison.
“One on the ninth of this month. I’m
arskin’ you two over to supper — ’ow
about it?”

  Macintosh supplied the question that
Clinton had in mind.

  “What happened on the ninth of July?”
he asked. “No’ that I’m lookin’ askance
at a geeft supper. I’ll be on hand.”

  “What ’appened? The ninth of July,
hin the year Nineteen ’Undred, is the date
of the Colonial Draft Bill, mykin’ New
South Wyles, Victoria South Haustrylia,
Queensland, Tasmania, hand Western Haus-
trylia a Commonweath; that’s hall.”

AS THE evening passed Harrison
became first boastful, then bois-
terous over his skill at pool, la-
menting the fact there was no
table on which he could exhibit. And then
Macintosh, through the spiritual medium
of Mr. Hollands, became the impersonator
of R-r-r-ober-r-r-t Bur-r-r-ns.

  At eleven o’clock, grasping the hand,
alternately, first of Clinton and then of
Harrison so as not to make a trio out of
Burns’ immortal ’twa’, he half sang and
half declaimed:

      “We twa hae paidl’d i’ the bur-r-n,

      F-r-r-e mor-r-ning sun till dine;

      But seas between us br-raid ha’ r-r-r-oar-red
      Sin auld lang syne.”

  At half past, when Clinton left, the Scot
was declaiming with fervor:

“O, wer-re we as young as we ance hae been,

  We sud hae been gallopin’ down on yon green,
  And linking it ower the lily-whit lea,

  But wer-re na my hear-r-rt light I wad dee.”

  “On the twenty-feeth o’ Januar-ry, the
bir-r-thday o’ the immor-rtal Bur-r-rns, I’ll
brew ye baith a Willie Waught, aye an’

mak’ ye a haggis, gin ye’ll soop wi’ me.”
66

Adventure

  “ ’Aggis? ’Ow’ll you make ’aggis with no
sheep on the hisland. ’Ow’ll you get your
sheepshead?” demanded Harrison argu-
mentatively.

  Macintosh surveyed him with a full mea-
sure of scorn.

  “A Macintosh was never-r yet unable to
pr-rovide for-r his guests. Mon, I’ll mak’
h-hic-haggis, gin I hae to use your ain heid.
I’m thinkin’ there’s slight differ-r-rence.”

  Clinton made his exit.

  In the launch he knew that the threat-
ened spat had been averted. Over the
waters came the sounds of amity, however
misappropriate the words. It was the senti-
ment that counted, though the suggestion
of Harrison running over a sidehill and pick-
ing daisies in company with Macintosh
struck Clinton as humorous. He had had
just enough liquor to accentuate the ridicu-
lous and stimulate imagination. He could
visualize the two, one thin, the other stout,
both in kilts, flitting about the daisied slope;
as the song grew fainter in the distance:

    “We twa hae run about the br-raes
    And pu’d the go wans fine;

    But we’ve wandered mony a wear-r-ry foot,
    Sin auld lang syne.”

IT WAS late afternoon in the vil-
lage of Kaiti. The moist heat
was sweltering, for the place was
closely hemmed in by the thick
and matted bush and little or no wind crept
into it. It was practically deserted save
for the snapping, snarling dogs and razor-
backed, slate-colored pigs, rooting in the offal
and filth with their long, upturned snouts.

  Most of the men had spent the hot day
in the little houses they had built in their
garden clearings, tabu for the women. A
few of them had cleared a little bush, cut
a little timber, worked on a few garden
fences, a few had gone hunting or fishing.

  The women had labored hard, tilling,
planting and cultivating. Now they were
digging and gathering vegetables and fruit,
collecting firewood, beginning to drift back
to the triage in groups of two, three and
four. They wei£ all heavily burdened with
their yams, their firewood and whatnot in
netted bags that hung ofl tll^r backs from
loops slung over the tops of trioiT heads.
Sometimes children were atop the load Qr
carried in smaller bags shaped like ham-
mocks. Some rode astride their mothers’
shoulders or straddled their hips.

  A few men began to appear on the plat-
form of the big clubhouse with its floor
raised on high stilts from the ground, a
clumsy, irregular ladder of -poles leading to
a sort of porch over which the roof pole was
extended, thatch-grass pendent in long
fringes from it, long strips of bark cloth,
painted with totem signs, hanging down.
The men yawned and stretched themselves,
taking no notice of the women. A young
buck-dandy, shining with oily red paint,
his black frizzy hair beautifully combed, a
necklace of beads dangling, bands of perfo-
rated shell on his upper arms and below the
knees, into which he had tucked colored
leaves of the dracena shrub; a belt of bark
tight-corseted, painfully indrawn about his
empty stomach, a new clout of barkcloth for
perineal band; proclaimed to all the village
that he was courting a girl.

  Probably the girl herself saw him. No
one else paid any attention to him. The
men on the clubhouse balcony hunkered,
scratching their hair with short sticks, say-
ing nothing, not noticing the women any
more than they did the grubbing pigs and
slinking dogs.

  The light was fading, the sun already be-
low the top tangle of the forest, through the
gaps of which came shafts of hot and angry
red light. Now more men showed, coming
in idly, their toilet bags on their arms from
which they extracted betel-nut and lime. A
few carried pigeons or kangaroo rats. Two
brought in a wild pig on a pole.

  The most curious thing of all was the way
in which they came on to the scene and
moved about it, exactly like extras in some
savage drama, who could not be entrusted
with lines and who had been instructed only
to keep moving. Few words were spoken
at all, few glances interchanged and yet
there was something in the atmosphere that
charged it with purpose—something out of
the ordinary, sinister.

  The women passed to their household
duties. They cooked for the men, but they
did not eat with them. All the bachelors,
and a great many of the married men ate
on the clubhouse platform, others on the
porches of their own houses while the wo-
men and girls, after the food was cooked,
devoured it squatting on the ground or in-
side their homes from earthen plates and
boiling pot** using shell and bamboo knives,
coconut spoons, prCSged forks of bone.

  And every woman, aS SiiC came into the
The Three Traders

67

village, as she made her fire and baked the
yams or stewed the meat, turned furtive
looks toward the piles on which the club-
house was supported. There was something
living under there, lost in the shadows, a
dark mass from which there issued the stink
of human sweat, the sweat of fear as much
as of natural exudation.

  There were twenty men there, jammed
into a bamboo cage so that movement was
almost impossible. They were packed as
close as apples in a shipment barrel, wedged
in since they were seized at dawn by order
of Kaiti. All day the flies and the mosquitos
had stung and bitten them, the dogs sniffed
and snarled at them and the heat sapped
them of vitality. They had not been fed,
been given no water, and all the time the
hope of living had slowly leached out of
them and the growing fear of a horrible
death had gnawed at their manhood. They
knew that above their heads Kaiti was de-
vising the method of their passing, if they
were found guilty; that the wizard was at
his incantations and would smell out the
culprits at top moonheight.

  There was only one among them who
should really suffer for having broken the
command of Kaiti. He had told his wife
what had happened between the chief and
Kalinitoni the white man. Rather, she had
got it out of him, little by little, sensing he
was keeping something from her. So the
story had gone through the tribe like the
savor of a succulent morsel in the cooking
pots. It would not stop there; it would
spread through the island; there would be
laughing in the villages of Vetesi and Puho-
teke; Kaiti would be mocked. Nothing,
not even the wizard Puriti, could stop the
arrow of gossip, any more than one might
stay a shooting star.

  The guilty one kept his own counsel, the
others perforce accepted their fate. There
was no use talking about it. Some one
would be lulled, perhaps all of them. There
would be no more laughing and talking, no
more smacking of lips over good food, no
more lust or zest of life. Whoever the
wizard pointed out would be dispatched to
the uttermost darkness.

  They were numb with pressure, faint, re-
laxed. Only the constriction of their quar-
ters kept them erect. The man who had
talked still cursed the folly that had made
him yield to a woman’s nagging, but he did
it in silence, automatically as the petition

of a prayer-wheel, the curse fluttering in his
shallow brain.

  Maybe the wizard Puriti would smell him
out. He was afraid of the wizard, a man
who talked with the dead, who did magic
things with stones, who could kill a man by
merely telling him he was going to die. But
he was going to hope for tie best. Perhaps
Puriti would want to use the occasion to
kill some one else against whom he had a
grudge. Such things had been done, for
Toteo knew times when the guilty had been
passed over. If only he had smashed in his
wife’s head when she kept him awake with
her worrying questions—as he had been
minded to—instead of answering her.

  It. must not be surmised because Kaiti
had a brain that could never have ranked
beyond third grade, that he was a fool.
Such things are matters of comparison.
Even Minea was not really smarter than he
was. He let her get away with things be-
cause he was too lazy to oppose her. He let
her more or less drug him with kawa because
he liked the effect of the fermented ginger-
root.

  But now he was stirred from all lethargy
by a constant spur. He had lost face, he
was a subject of jest and he knew that the
chief who is laughed at is neither respected
or feared. In the present situation he began
to see his chance to get rid of the white men
and hold supremacy of the island for him-
self. He had been insulted by all three of
them and he would turn that to advantage
by the assumption that a slight upon him
was a slight upon all the tribesmen.

  The first thing was to punish those who
had gossiped, to devise something that
would redound to his own credit, set the
tribes talking so that if the wretched inci-
dent of the damaged fish or the refused trade
goods and liquor ever came up it would be
eclipsed by the vengeance of Kaiti. If it
came to fighting, his prestige as a warrior
made him the true leader. He was fat,
but he was strong. He might be a great
eater, but he was also a mighty fighter. He
sent for Puriti the wizard.

  Wizardry is a fine art. As practised by
savage sorcerers it is a business that is
roughly divided into three branches—reli-
gion, medicine and politics. Priesthood and
healing ever go together where men are
primitive. Kaiti was superstitious and it
seemed as if Puriti was able to do things
with ghosts to help him, but Kaiti was not
68

Adventure

much afraid of him. He knew he had his
bag of tricks, knew how some of them were
worked.

  To have a great wizard was a great attri-
bute to an overlord and in this he outranked
his brothers who had tahunas of only medi-
ocre accomplishments. Puriti could dress
up his ceremonials wonderfully and he was
quick-witted. But Kaiti never forgot that
he, and not Puriti, was the real ruler of the
tribe. Puriti was only mortal, like himself
and he was not infallible. Minea was
cleverer in many ways though she did not
have the ancient knowledge, the art of mum-
mery, the apparatus, handed down in the
sorcerer’s cult.

PURITI looked the part. He
had a lean and hungry look and
his face was the face of a bronze
devil. Few ever saw him in day-
light or without his trappings. When he
came in to Kaiti he jangled with human
teeth and knuckle bones, his body was harle-
quined with paint and save for his orna-
ments, and a G string of bark cloth, he was
naked.

  His familiar was with him, a cur that he
had dyed so that one side of it was black and
the other yellow, trimming its ears and
staining its teeth as scarlet as his own with
betel-nut. He had taught it all sorts of tricks
with infinite patience and he vowed that
it held the spirit of Tai greatest of all
sorcerers.

  It sat on its haunches beside him like a
goblin at the end of the clubhouse where a
wickerwork fetish stood, a hideous fantasy
tricked out with feathers and fur, with
sharks’ teeth and a long nose tube of wicker
that made it seem a combination of sea and
land and sky, part cassowary, part squid,
part kangaroo, which may have been the in-
tent. On either side were mummies, the
skins of dead men drawn over clay models,
clay caricatures of their faces sculptured
over dried heads where the hair was re-
tained, the eye sockets filled with scrolls of
rolled palmleaf, neatly coiled, hands and
feet of phalanging roots, like mandrakes.
Between these stood racks filled with skulls.

  In the ordinary course of village life
Puriti was a practitioner in sickness and
witchcraft, he gave love spells and he told
fortunes. He discovered stolen things. He
took charge of deaths, which always came
from evil influences, and fixed the responsi-

bilities. He was ballet-master of the mystic
dances. He had many neophytes of his own
and he presided over the ceremonials where-
by boys entered manhood. And for all of
these things he collected his perquisites and
fees.

   But where Kaiti’s person was concerned,
his safety, his dignity; Puriti was the poli-
tician pure and simple. The diplomat. The
grand vizier, his own interests subordinate
to those of Kaiti. He knew, of course, for
what he was wanted, but he was not sure of
all that was in Kaiti’s mind.

  He had small doubt of discovering the
guilty man. The actual means he would
employ were based upon detective princi-
ples. He had his spies and stool pigeons and
he was depending a good deal upon Minea.
Like the French crime investigators Puriti
believed in seeking the woman in the case.
He knew how to handle women. They be-
lieved that he could cause them to bear male
or female children, cripples or stillborn, as he
pleased; that he was arbiter over their souls
before life and after death; that, if he willed
it they might see their dead babies again
after their own death.

   Once he found out who was guilty, or who
Kaiti wanted found guilty, he would go
ahead with the ceremonial, with the tricks
in which he delighted, while the people
gasped in awe at his wisdom and power.

   Kaiti’s face was like a thundercloud. His
stomach was sour and his head ached but he
was not drinking. He did not intend to
drink again until the white men’s liquor was
his. Then-

   The two sat in silence for a while. Kaiti
chewing betel-nut and lime paste, spitting
copiously into a calabash whose contents
would be carefully guarded and destroyed
lest some one possess himself of them and
bewitch the chief. Even Puriti could not
prevent such a spell.

  “What is in your mind concerning this
matter, Puriti?”

   The wizard felt his way, watching Kaiti’s
face.

   “It is better to punish one or two than
to destroy twenty who are good paddlers
and fighters. This comes in my mind.

  “The twenty all deny this thing though
they believe they will be thrown to the
sharks. Such was the threat of Kaiti.”

  “I have changed my mind about the
sharks. I have a better thought. One
would not be missed where twenty would.
The Three Traders

69

It is true. Perhaps only the one knows who
is guilty.”

  “The others would not tell if they knew.
The fool talked with his wife. All gossip
comes from the women. Let Minea talk
with the wives of these men as I shall in-
struct her. Let them be brought in one at
a time. She will ask them who has started
this idle talk about the king.”

  This was sheer flattery, but Kaiti’s eyes
gleamed and Puriti lowered his own lids to
hide the light in his own. Kaiti meant to
use this affair for the fulfilment of his ambi-
tion. It marched with Puriti’s. The greater
the might of Kaiti, the greater his own, the
fatter his fees.

  “You think the women will tell?”

  “I think that nineteen of them will give
the same name and that the twentieth will
give another—or none at all. For Minea will
tell them that if the truth is not told they
will all surely die. They and their men.
Men like to live, but they do not fear death
as women do. They will tell or, if they do
not, Tai will smell them out.”

  The goblin hound whined, hearing its
name. Kaiti looked at it half fearfully. If
Tai could find out why question the women?
But he did not ask that. He could never
come quite to the point of testing Puriti.
He might be able to talk with ghosts.

  “So be it,” he said. “I will speak with
Minea.”

  “Let her tell each woman that if she
speaks of the matter to another her tongue
will be fed to the pigs. As for the woman
who gives no name or gives one 'different
from the rest—which she may do, having
spite against some other—she is not to be
held but to go free with the rest. The
drums will sound at moonrise. When the
moon is over the village we will find the
ones who have flouted the king’s wish.”

  “So be it. You are wise about women,
Puriti.”

  “I have many wives.”

  “So have I. Sometimes I think too
many.”

  Kaiti sat glowering. Puriti wrapped his
lean arms about his bony knees and hugged
his thought. If Kaiti made away with
Minea he would not mind it. She was too
clever. If Kaiti’s mood was worked upon
he might smell out Minea some day when
the chief was sick from overeating. With-
out Kaiti’s private sanction it would be too
risky. Even as Kaiti the warrior, was a

little afraid of Puriti the thinker, so the
sorcerer was a little afraid of the fighter and
hL moods of anger. A man’s skin was so
little a thing to hold his blood; so easily
pierced, so hardly mended.

IT GREW cooler as it became
dark. The cooking fires burned
low, but others were appearing,
many under the houses and some
on the platforms, to keep at bay the mos-
quitos. The tribesfolk began to sit around
these in groups, still comparatively silent
compared to the usual chattering, the chant-
ing of songs and the inevitable beating of
individual drums. There was a good deal of
smoking, sharing the smoke-filled cavity of
a bamboo pipe that was charged with coarse
native tobacco made into a cartridge with
a leaf wrapper. . One sucked out the air and
let the pipe fill with fumes, a little of which
he inhaled, passing the tube around until
it had to be recharged.

  There was expectancy in the air. All
waited to see the moon show from behind
the jagged peaks to the east. There was
glow there already, the planet would be
high when it topped the range.

  Aside from the first passion of lovers, the
suckling time of children, the half super-
stitious regard for babes who died before
they were able to talk and walk, there was
little true affection among them, none that
was not completely offset by the prospect
of Puriti’s dramatic spectacle, the excite-
ment of their own participation in it, the
smelling out of a victim and the spilling
of human blood. Friendship ceased with
clan protection in time of mutual danger.
The immediate family of the victim would
mourn long and loudly, but wailing was a
mechanical action that took place upon all
kinds of occasions: Birth, marriage, death.

  They were all creatures of the moment,
reactionaries to primitive instincts. Kaiti
and Puriti dominated them because of their
ambitions, their pride of race, the fact that
their ancestors had been chiefs for many
generations and had actually lived on better
food. Minea, too, was chiefly bred.

  A brush charged with silver seemed sud-
denly swept across the top of the forest with
its dense undergrowth and great half-
smothered trees. The moon wheeled up re-
vealing the outlines of the houses more
plainly, the circles of nearly naked, crouch-
ing savages, the groves of gigantic palms
70

Adventure

about the village borders and in the central
open space.

  It revealed the hard-trodden level of the
sing-sing ground where a dim fire burned
between great hollowed-log fetishes in front
of a mammoth banyan tree whose but-
tressed boughs showed cavernous, with here
and there the moving glint of a torch be-
tween the columns that upheld the big
branches and sent down roots to anchor.

  Here were the dressing-rooms, the green
room, the wings of Puriti and his assistants.
One of these came out to a drum, carved
into the semblance of an elongated face with
a tongue hanging out of the grotesque
mouth and a black bird with outstretched
wings perched upon the top of the skull.
He swung a mallet against the cylinder with
all his might.

  Wham-m-m! The sound was dull at first,
close to. There was a long slit, a soundhole
in the log. With the succeeding strokes, the
high vibrations renewed by the powerful
blows before the first series had subsided,
the concussions seemed to explode in mighty
booms, like the firing of a big gun. The
drummer seemed to warm up, to attune his
instrument until it trembled, sensitively
vibrant. Then he began to send in code.

  In the village they listened to the an-
nouncement while their pulses beat in rhy-
thm, so that they were creatures of the drum,
without volition, timed to its beats, swayed
by its momentum, controlled by its mes-
sages.

 Boom-boom-booml BOOM! BOOM-
boom-boom-boom! BOOM! BOOM!

  The savage phonetics, the wild wireless
of the tribes, pounded on. It began with
the clan call, told briefly of the nature of
the entertainment and its purpose and ex-
tended a hearty invitation to Puhoteke and
Vetesi. It suggested that the occasion con-
cerned all of them, as Kaiti was minded to
have it considered. He meant to have a
talk with his brothers afterwards, to heat
the iron and strike while it was pliable.

  The women would not come at nightfall,
nor would the warriors, if it had not been
moonlight, for fear of evil spirits lurking in
the narrow bush trails to seize them. Few
of them would try to return that night and,
as the island was fraternally owned and
there was no real friction between the three
divisions, this could be done without danger
of a raid.

  So the villages of Vetesi and Puhoteke

read the message and, as it ended, roared
back their acceptance. Clinton heard the
drums and so did Macintosh and Harrison,
the two last together on Harrison’s veranda.
All three knew it for code-sending though
none of them could read it. In the light of
recent events, they wondered whether or
not it should be considered ominous. They
could distinguish it from the monotonous
tom-tom of the dance tympans, from the
raucous bellow of the devil-devil drums that
proclaimed war.

  The twenty prisoners heard it in their
cage, the sweat drying on them with the
night air that was not low enough in tem-
perature to discourage black clouds of mos-
quitos that attacked them. There was no
smudge fire for them. Overhead they could
hear the shuffling feet of their fellows who
presently would see them go through their
ordeal. Now their vitality was low from
the exhaustion of the pressure and lack of
food. They were ready to die, to welcome
any sort of delivery from the cage.

  None was allowed near them, their wo-
men least of all. Nineteen of these, knowing
that they had given the true name of the
gossip, were hopeful of escape from trouble.
The twentieth, half deceived by Minea’s
imperturbability, made yet more dull her
childish brain by chewing a narcotic root.
She went with the rest of the village to the
sing-sing ground when the moon stood over
the village palms, taking a little comfort
from her seeming immunity.

  To have taken her prisoner would have
belittled Puriti’s ceremonies. She did not
realize that she was watched by the nine-
teen who considered her hostage for the
safety of their own men. The condition of
a widow was not a pleasant one and they
were not minded to enter upon it unneces-
sarily.

  The voice of the drums changed after the
messages had been acknowledged. As the
moon lifted they seemed to attain a fiercer,
more insistent note, droning at times and
then blaring like great organ pipes.

  The villagers moved toward the sing-sing
ground, men and women smeared according
to their individual fancies with red, yellow
and black paint, with lime mixed with pig-
fat, tricked out with feathers, with armlets
and anklets, with necklaces and disks of
pearl distending their earlobes, with strips
of bone thrust through the septa of their
flat noses.
The Three Traders

71

  The men carried their spears and some of
them took skulls from their personal racks
in the clubhouse. The women had peeled
wands, carved and painted. There was to
be a preliminary dance in which all would
join before Puriti took the stage. Each
dressed for the part much as a boy might
deck himself with odds and ends for playing
pirates or Indians. This was play to the
tribesmen, the killing that would come at
the end of it merely incidental, unless—and
their mouths watered at this thought—un-
less the victims were Uj famish their own
funeral meats, and fong-pig be baked in the
ovens. Tb© Jast was doubtful, no orders
had beeii given to fire the pits.

  Through the corridors of the bush there
came in single file Vetesi and his warriors,
Puhoteke and his men, the files converging
as they threaded the maze of trails—-
Melanesians all, of medium stature, their
skins plum-black where the paint showed
them, their hair bleached fawn and ocher,
ornaments jingling and twinkling under the
moon. Their bodies were powerful, but
their faces asymmetrical, primitive types.

  Between the root pillars of the banyan
Puriti crouched, knees drawn up, his hands
clasped about them. His costume was not
yet donned and he squatted motionless,
unmindful of the thrumming of the great
tympani, the people coming into the en-
closure. Such matters were handled by his
subordinates. He waited his cue, star per-
former of the evening.

TIME had rolled back its scroll
twice ten thousand years. It was
the Stone Age.

  The moon, serene, that had
seen so many things, smiled with its dead
face, soaring high above the sing-sing
ground, where the soil was beaten flat, hard
as cement by generations of dancing feet.
The place was walled in by the bush, held
back but ever moving, growing in all direc-
tions save where the tribesmen hacked and
burned it; giant trees fought by strangling
vines, thorny underbrush, a fury of vege-
tation. Only the great banyan stood out
from the forest. The firelight blazed high
and the shining bodies of the dancers, drip-
ping with sweat from the flames and their
exertions, reflected the crimson blaze and
were touched by the moon rays as with a
calcium.

  The men pranced to the thunder of the

drums where Kaiti sat throned on a carved
log. They advanced in rushes of rnocl^ war*
shaking their spears and shouting. They
killed imaginary enemies and gloated over
them, showing their heads on the lance-
points, the white skulls bobbing. They
formed in ft phalanx, bent double, knees
high as they stepped, chanting, exploding
in a final roar of triumph and upflung arms.

  All the time the women shuffled, shuffled
to the tempo, leaning on the peeled wands.
Their faces bereft of visible emotion, mere
masks of stupidity; thir gaze, fixed, held
in the hypnosis of rhythm.

  With the warriors it was different. Their
emotions were roused and lusts loosed, lusts
of fight, of murder, of blood, summoned by
the drums. Quicken that rhythm a little
and the men would wheel and rush to seize
the women. Quicken it yet more and they
would go wholly mad, their little reason
breaking like glass vibrating at too high a
pitch.

  Now they were more brutes than men.
Manlike beasts, hairless apes, excited to
cruelties that jungle law would never brook.

  'Now and then the women broke into the
chant with two whining measures given
flatly, automatically. Then came the bass
of the men, howled with full strength of their
lungs as they brandished their spears and
held their trunks curiously stiff on the pranc-
ing legs—going like pistons. The bull-roar-
ing bellow of the drums; the shrill note of
panpipes.

  Suddenly silence!

  The neophytes of Puriti came out, masked
like birds, with long cloaks of grass set in
rows, like thatch, on barkcloth. They
cleared the enclosure before the log-fetishes
of the dancers, gave instructions here and
there, marshaled the women in a crescent
and made them hunker down on one side,
the men on the other.

  Kaiti, still as a statue on his long throne,
his musket-scepter in his hand, now leaned
forward a little and spoke briefly to Vetesi
and Puhoteke, seated to right and left of
him. His heavily jowled face was bestial,
his eyes glowed in the firelight like car-
buncles.

  Though the pounding of the drums had
ceased, the air seemed still full of humming
vibrations. The women were coming slowly
out of their semi-trance. Among them were
the twenty who were the wives of the pad-
dlers. These last were hustled on, roughed
72

Adventure

  by their escort, stood up in a faltering line
  whei^ they stared straight forward, their

    rrs twi'.V’hing, striving for control over
their numbed £?*s. Anything but an up-
right, immobile poSi'^U miSht provoke the
' wrath of Kaiti.

    After the little confusion of their entrance,
  silence held again that, after all the cii.>n^r
  of the drums, was more impressive. As it
  lasted even Kaiti became uneasy. He set
  down his musket and fingered nervously a
  javelin of hard wood, heavy almost as iron.
  The butt was carved and barbs had been
  filed at the point with pumice friction. The
  tip itself was of obsidian. It was a beauti-
  fully balanced thing, a king’s weapon, and
  the polished shaft had been soaked in hot
  blood scores and scores of times.

    There came a flutter of sound, the swift
  patter of hands upon conjurers’ drums,
  shaped like golf-bags, of light wood hollowed
  by hand and fire, funneling-in slightly from
  both ends toward the middle, the mouth
  covered with lizardskin, with a handle that
  was part of the main drum. Panpipes and
  flutes shrilled a minor strain, over and over
  again, weaving through the sound-fabric
  of the fluttering drums. The big drums had
  left the air palpitating, stirred in a mael-
  strom.

   This music seemed to come from nowhere
 and from everywhere at once. It mur-
 mured in the trees, from ground level and
 from the high branches, it made the blood
 creep and jump, the eyes to strain into the
 shadows that moon and fires could not dis-
 solve, black, mysterious patches that looked
 as if they might be the gaping mouths of
 pits, entrances to the underworld.

   Then, in a space that had been blank a
 pulsebeat before, an eerie creature appeared.
 It looked a good deal like the fetish-god in
 the clubhouse come to life. Beyond doubt,
 many thought it was. There was the squat
 shape of wicker covered with cassowary
 feathers, with wallaby fur topped by the
 head and the tubular snout, or tentacle.
 The wizard’s arms were bound with flexible
 wings, extended as he skimmed silently
 here and there, soundless, to the plaint of
 the crepitating drums and the shrilling reeds.

    The eyes were disks of shell fastened into
  the wicker frame of the mask, the nacre
  curiously lifelike, holes bored in the center
  through which Puriti surveyed possible
  victims. Lifelike too, the pliant trunk that
  seemed to be smelling out the guilty.

  The figure disappeared at last between
two drum-logs to the left of Kaiti and his
brothers. Almost immediately Puriti made
entrance to the right, panting a little from
the dance and the quick change, for which
he had been underdressed. Now, as when
he had talked with Kaiti, he was practically
naked, harlequined with paint, strung with
teeth of sharks and dogs and men, with
kny'sWe-bones; a girdle of old men’s beards
about hi'.middle. His face was the face of
a devil. No ^5^ could have discounted
that fiendish cotmi2Pance- He carried a
small bag of netting and dog-goblin Tao
trailed behind him. He stalKtrf down the
line of prisoners twice, his malevolent eyes
peering into theirs.

  “Who,” he cried in a shrill voice, “who
has spread abroad slanders concerning
Kaiti? Who has dared to lie about Kaiti?
All men deny it yet the words were spoken
of man.”

  When he paused the dog, watching his
master narrowly, its ears cocked, consider-
ing every intonation, threw up its head and
let out an ululating howl. A shudder went
through the onlookers. Tao had spoken.

  “It is easy to smell out a liar,” went on
Puriti, “for in his mouth is corruption.
Let us find this man that Kaiti may decide
his punishment.”

  He stooped and seemed to talk to the
dog who listened and gave two barks before
he trotted to one end of the line of men,
staring down at it with eyeballs that pro-
jected, with slack jaws, each giving a deep
sign of relief when Tao, after one look into
each face, one back at Puriti, passed on.

  Opposite the eleventh man the dog came
to a direct halt, sat down on its haunches
and uttered the long-drawn howl. What
signal he may have caught from the wizard
was not noticeable.

  “Is this the man, O Tao?”

  The howl was repeated.

  “So, Tikipo, what have you to say in the
matter?”

  Tikipo knew that no word of his could
avert his doom. He read that in the sneer-
ing eyes of Puriti.

  “I have spoken no lies about Kaiti,” he
said stoutly.

  Puriti grinned at him. Tikipo was to
die for telling the truth, but that was not to
be acknowledged.

  “The dog dislikes me,” said Tikipo. “He
stole meat from my house and, not knowing
The Three Traders

73

it was Puriti’s dog, I threw burning wood at
him.”

  “Is that true, O Tao?” asked Puriti
solemnly and all the audience looked at the
fantastic hound which turned its back on
Tikipo and, yawning, walked away. There
were nervous laughs at this yet none
doubted that Tao lived again in the dog.

  “So. We will make another trial,” said
the wizard.

  He passed to each man round objects
that he took from his bag, passing swiftly
along the file, dropping one after another
into their outstretched palms.

  They were tuti nuts, candlenuts, almost
as hard as ivory, but they had been painted
red and the twenty paddlers were under his
spell, the spell of their own position from
which they were not yet definitely delivered,
for it was likely as not, to their thinking,
that Kaiti would order them all killed and
eatS> They listened and obeyed as men

do in hyjS5^?^Si' .

  “Let us see how'Sftong you are,” said the
mocking voice of the	u^Ie w^o is

guilty will not be able to crQs’l ^h^-the holds
in his hand for his spirit is alreaaj'’ made
weak by the spirit of Tao, which has sp6£C£*
Hold out your hands at arm’s length.
Squeeze!”

iHrtif j COULD see, and Kaiti could
|1f|pfl see with his brothers, and those
JmL closest could also see, the sudden,
ryv iT< strenuous efforts that made the
muscles swell in the forearms of the pad-
dlers, muscles made big and stronger than
the ordinary by their calling. Beads of
sweat, wrung hardly from those over-
wrought bodies, stood out on their faces as
they strove to crush the nuts. Strove and
turned gray with despair.

  One man’s eyes lighted for a moment.
Tikipo. The thing had crumpled in his
palm. Its contents suddenly oozed out be-
tween his fingers and Puriti laughed while
Tikipo looked with dismay at the white
stuff with which the wizard had filled the
nut he had palmed off on Tikipo after he had
extracted its contents and before he cement-
ed the edges of the shell again. There were
no other nuts so filled. He laughed again
and the dog barked and Tikipo knew he was
trapped.

  “Lo,” said Puriti, “the liar strove the
hardest, as I knew he would, and his guilt
is plain.”

  He caught Tikipo’s arm and thrust it up
wards with the white mess smeared all over
his palm. A great exhalation went up from
the crowd.

  “Take him,” said Puriti “and hold him
before the chief.”

  He did not call Kaiti king before his
brothers. He guessed what was afoot, the
destruction of the white men, and he was
glad, for once Arisoni had laughed at him
and Makinatosi had ordered him off the
place one time when he found him talking
with his laborers. Kalinitoni was the chief
offender against Kaiti.

  “Now,” said Puriti, “Tao has told me
that the wife of this man has gossiped—
therefore is she the more guilty since
Tikipo spoke but to her and it was she who
has spread the lies. Let Tao speak to us.”
He called to the dog with some quick
gesture that made it stand up on its hind
legs, man wise, proof of the metempsychosis
to all present.

  “Speak, Tao,” demanded the wizard.
“Was it Tutila who spread these lies?”

  The woman named, wife of one of the
paddlers, gasped. The dog sat back on its
haunches, forepaws hanging but made no
s'^JUjd. One after another Puriti named
the	until he came to the name of

Tikipo’s woi^Or The dog howled and
leaped into the air. puriti called it, cover-
ed its muzzle for a moment with his palm,
in which was a scrap of the	s mti-

mate garment, taken from her house.

  “Go—smell her out,” he ordered and tht
brute raced towards the shrinking women,
snuffing at them as they cowered, barking at
last in front of Matiti, wife of Tikipo.

  The ordeal was ended, the punishment
about to begin. Both were taken before
Kaiti who rose from his seat, his javelin in
his hand. He gave a brusk command and
the men held Tikipo and the woman,
Matiti, while another forced open their jaws
with a hardwood wedge and still another
cut out their tongues and flung the reeking
morsels to Tao who leaped and caught them
in midair, bolting them avidly.

  “So is Tao fed, upon the tongues of those
who speak falsely,” said Puriti.

  Now the man, maimed and tottering, was
left standing alone. There was a sound of
indrawn breath, a craning, a sigh of satisfied
brutality as Kaiti drew back his arm, the
javelin poised in his clutch and then, with
all the force of his mighty arm, hurled it.
74

Adventure

  “Eyah!”

  It was a mighty stroke. The smooth tip
entered. The barb, set backwards, bit into
the flesh as the shaft passed on—through—
and the spear fell clear to the ground be-
yond the toppling body of the paddler.

  Then-a thing happened that only the mind
of a fiend could have conceived. A stout
length of wood was brought, two feet long,
tapering like a marlinspike, a long lanyard of
sennit reeved through an eye in the thick
end. The woman’s wrist was bound to the
lanyard and the spike was thrust through the
wound made by the spear, enlarging it to
a passage through which Matiti’s left arm
was hauled, emerging smeared with the
smoking gore of her mate, who still breathed,
crimson froth filling his tongueless mouth.
Her wrists were lashed together, the living
embraced the dying.

  “Set them on the platform of their house,”
said Kaiti. “And let the house be tabu.”

         IT WAS the evening of the ninth
of July, the anniversary of the
dating of the Colonial Draft Bill,
the inception of the Common-
wealth of Australia. Macintosh and Clin-
ton were the guests of Harrison. So far tjje
affair had not been a success. Tliere Were
many reasons for that.	^

  The night was hot, muggy, exhausting.
The land wind had failed to materialize at
sunset. The barometer was jumpy and the
air surcharged with electric fluid. It
Crackled in their hair, in the frizzy mops of
the houseboys. It upset their physical
equilibrium and emphasized the uneasy feel-
ing of danger that was shared by all of
them, engendered by four practically sleep-
less nights.

  For four nights the great drums had
boomed up in the bush, not dance-drums,
nor code-drums, but deep bellowings of the
biggest logs, the devil-devil drums that
meant mischief. Nor had these waited for
moonrise, but had throbbed from first
darkness until an hour or so before dawn.
They meant dances indeed, but only those
calculated to work up tribesmen into a
frenzy of bloodlust, they meant propitiatory
sacrifices and blood-rites before the war-
idols and the evil spirits so that warriors
might adventure at nightfall and know the
demons were on their side, lulled by the
prospect of later votive offerings.

  Vetesi had sent a messenger to Harrison,

warning him of the threat of Kaiti to wipe
out the white men. He had said that Kaiti
had wanted him to join in the raid, but that
he had refused because he was friendly to
Harrison and also—though he did not
specify this—because Tuni, his wife, had
advised him against this thing.

  Moreover, Puhoteke had come in person
to Macintosh and, in veiled but meaning
talk, had said much the same thing. The
canny Scot had sent him away with gifts.
Clinton had not been warned. So far Har-
rison and Macintosh had not brought up
the subject.

  Racial traits held them back from being
the first to show alarm, but the thing
brooded. Since twilight all of them had
listened for the drums and silence had not
been reassuring.

  The dinner had been almost spoiled by
the frightened cook. There was no chant-
ing from the quarters where the boys oi all
three were gathered. Clinton Joad only a
few helpers—divers and cleaners of shell—
and he had brought all of them along.
Macintosh had fetched a boatload and the
rest had Come over of their own accord in
caa&es, proof of their fearfulness.

  Harrison was pretty well ginned-up
when his guests arrived and he had proffered
drinks freely and hospitably ever since.
There was a bottle for each man, and a
houseboy brought young coconuts as they
were needed. Clinton’s bottle was barely
touched. Macintosh indulged sparingly—
for him—and the host himself drank inter-
mittently and gloomily. There was no ice;
the coconuts were none too cool. The stimu-
lation from each swallow of liquor brought a
reaction that was too much like a swift
touch of fever to be pleasant, and induced
perspiration, which was copious enough
without urge. Their whites were patched
with sweat.

  After the meal, out on the broad veranda,
Macintosh and Harrison peeled coats and
shirts to their singlets and lay back in long
deck-chairs, smoking, drowsy for a while
after the heavy food and the toasts they had
drunk. Clinton was touched with the same
sleepiness of digestion but something
warned him of the necessity of keeping
awake. He had taken off his coat before
dinner. Somehow or other the decidedly
undress costume of the others annoyed him
unreasonably.

  Macintosh, long and skinny, scratched
The Three Traders

75

himself. Harrison, with his singlet open,
showed a hairy chest, with bright blue silk
suspenders that he called “braces,” em-
broidered in wild roses, tugged at his mus-
tache. Some girl had worked them for him,
he had told them more than once. Clinton
believed that a falsehood; that Harrison
had bought them for himself. Blue—baby-
blue and pink roses—for Harrison! The
sight of them irritated Clinton almost be-
yond control and he refilled his pipe, trying
to soothe his nerves. He had never known
he possessed any, but now they were jumpy.
Tobacco lacked solace; it burned his tongue,
the pipe was foul. The best thing was to
clear out, go home, but that would be de-
liberately rude and, even if he didn’t like
Harrison, he had accepted his invitation.
Besides-

  He caught himself listening for the drums.
There was only the sound of the surf crash-
ing on the reef, muffled by the heavy air. It
was the rotten weather that put them all
out of sorts.

  The veranda was screened against mos-
quitos, but careless houseboys, holding doors
open, had allowed in some of the pests, and
there were a lot of fat green houseflies who
made persistent sallies, buzzing and biting.
Harrison, slapping at one, began to tell
again, for the fiftieth time, the story of his
winning of the pool championship, with in-
finite details.

  “So I chalked my cue an’ took my time
about it.”

  Macintosh lay with his eyes looking up
at the porch ceiling, motionless as if Har-
rison’s windy yarn was a lullaby. Clinton
watched a hairy, fat fly swing down and
light in the middle of a sticky flypaper
where several of his fellows had already
given up the struggle against the stuff that
held them fast in its viscid leashes, wings,
legs, bodies. The fly had been bothering
him and he saw its doom with a grim satis-
faction. He imagined Harrison in some
such mess and his sense of humor returned
at the imaginary picture, chasing away his
grievances, much of his irritation. He
grinned, and Harrison, coming to the end of
his story, took it for friendly endorsement
and grinned back.

  “Reg’lar scorcher, ain’t it. Brewin’ up
for something or other, I’m betting. Eh,

Mac? -, it’s ’ot! Too ’ot to play

cards, too ’ot to run the bloomin’ phony-
graph. Too ’ot to drink.”

  He swatted viciously at a fly and missed
it, bawled for a houseboy.

  “You bring more those paper-catchum-
fly,” he ordered. “Savvy? Plenty bring.”
The boy went away, Harrison laughing as
he disappeared.

  “I—he savvies all right. You know

what-fools they are. First day I broke

’em out of stock, the flies ’ad been drivin’ me
balmy. I ’ad ’im lay ’em out. ’E got all
stuck up with ’em. Both ’ands. ‘E tried
to git one orf with ’is teeth an’ it got glued
to ’is map. Came out to me, failin’ over
everything. Thought ’e was bewitched for
fair. They’re the only things that’ll keep
the flies down. Yankee invention, too,
Clinton. Give you credit. You can’t
chase the beggars out. Come up through the
cracks in the floor, I wouldn’t wonder.”
“Got many of them?” asked Clinton.
“The papers I mean, not the flies. I wish I
had some at my place.”

  “You can. I’ve got plenty. Ordered a

dozen an’ some -fool clerk sent me a

gross. Charged me for ’em, too. Personal
account. If it ’ad been anything I wanted
special ’ed ’ave left it out altogether.”
Clinton noticed the houseboy as he
brought back the package of fly papers and
unpeeled two of them. His skin, usually
sooty black, had lightened beyond imagina-
tion. It was actually gray, the pigmentary
cells had undergone some actual change,
like a chameleon’s. It stood for fear. Of
what? A storm—or the drums—Kaiti?

  Clinton did not have much respect for
Kaiti, but he realised that, unintentionally,
he had made him lose face, had offended
him more than Mac or his host. Kaiti and
his tribesmen could make things very un-
pleasant to say the least of it. The three of
them, with their guns, might hold off a rush,
kill enough of them to turn it into a retreat.
But an attack en masse would be no joke.
The Commonwealth of Australia might own
the island but Kaiti did not know that; the
three whites were, after all, only there on
tolerance, through friendship with the na-
tives, plus the natives’ fear of the white
man’s superiority—his guns, the quality of
his mana, his spirit.

  They couldn’t fight the whole island.
Fighting at all would mean atdeast the halt-
ing of business. One could not, for instance
dive for shell and rot it out along a beach
that backed up to an impenetrable wall of
jungle used as an ambush by the tribesmen
76

Adventure

who alone knew the secrets of the trails.

  Brains must fix up the trouble. If he had
got them into it it was up to him to get them
out, to use his wits. Idly he watched the
fat fly giving up the struggle as Harrison
jawed on:

  “A chap told me the flies in the trenches
was orful, ’orrible. Worse than bullets, ’e
said. Way ’e told it, you c’ud fairly see it.
Buzzin’. Day an’ night, so they wished
winter ’ud come back. Spoilin’ the grub.
Buzzin’ in the dugouts so you cudn’t sleep.
Stingin’ an’ drawin’ blood. Bold as ’orn-
ets. Lightin’ on the dead men before they
were cold. Clouds of ’em. ’Ummin’ an’
feedin’. Layin’ eggs!”

 There it was, the war again. And
neither of them had been in it. Clinton
had, and he wanted no second-hand de-
scriptions. Besides, he knew what that
topic of conversation would lead to. Har-
rison would boast of the Australians and
their prowess and Mac would brag of the
doings of the ‘Ladies out of Hell.’ Fair
enough, if it didn’t lead up to disparage-
ment of the Americans, the inevitable in-
troduction of the phrase “too proud to
fight.” the suggestion that America had
carpet-bagged the misfortunes of Europe,
prospered on the spoils of war.

  Clinton felt he couldn’t stand anything of
this sort tonight. Sooner or later Mac al-
ways got sarcastic about prohibition and
profiteering. There was a lot of it that
rankled under Clinton’s hide; he resented
criticism from outsiders. He knew the
two regarded him more or less as an inter-
loper, that, if he had been after copra in-
stead of pearl shell, their friendship, such
as it was, would be turned to open en-
mity.

  They figured him as an intruder upon
British territory though they had never
actually said so. But, after all, he was ex-
ploiting the shell that an Australian partner
had uncovered. Pearls and pearl shell
were like gold—where you found them.
Nothing to do with national boundaries.

  But he wasn’t going to get into a row.
No sense in that. Only it was a farce, the
three of them pretending to like each
other’s company. It was just the inevitable
chumming of ..white men in the savage
islands.

  “If it ’adn’t been for Wilson and ’is Four-
teen Points,” said Harrison, “we’d ’ave
chased the-krauts clean to Berlin. As

it is they don’t know they’re licked. Why

  Clinton fought down the emotion that
urged him to slap Harrison’s face, to
challenge him to a fight, to lick the stuffing
out of him. It wasn’t just Wilson; they

were running down America again and-

  Boo-oo-oool Boo-oo-ooo! Boo-o-o-o-oo!

         THE night was instantly hideous
with the discordant, mocking
*7 blare that seemed to rip the hot
' air apart, to penetrate their skulls
and strike their very brains with harsh
notes like hammers. It was more than just
sound, somehow; there was a savage, com-
pelling challenge there that stripped the
peel of civilization from them and made
them primitive, hairy, naked men with
stone axes in their fists, standing on the
brink of a windblown cliff where their
women and children were lodged in caves;
waiting for the assault of their tribal ene-
mies who so insolently announced their
coming. The three white men looked at
each other, clear-eyed, linked in the emer-
gency that was going to be thrust upon
them. Blood-brothers in peril.

  “Conch shells,” said Macintosh. “They’ll
no use those if they dinna mean business.
’T is Kaiti. Two hundred warriors back of
him. Twa to one against his cornin’ here
first. I’m thinkin’ he’ll be visitin’ you,
Clinton, maist likely.”

  “They’ll not find much. I buried my
shell yesterday. And most of my stores.
I had a hunch something might come off
when those drums started, five nights ago.
My men felt the same way and they’ve had
experience in these islands. They’re good
men—come from the Tuamotus—they’ll
fight.”

  “That’s more than some of my lot ’11 do,”
said Harrison. “They’ll funk it. So will
Mac’s outfit. Scared stiff already. That
beggar Puriti, Kaiti’s wizard, ’as got them
goin’. They know this bush crowd are
cannibals an’ the idea of bein’ stuffed an’
baked in the ovens don’t appeal to ’em.
You say you’ve buried your stuff, Clinton.
Just the same they’ll burn your shacks.
’Ear them conches go again? They’re way
up the mountain yet. You say so an’ we’ll
go over to your place an’ give ’em a ’and-
some reception when they show. What
price that, Mac?”

  Macintosh nodded and got up.
The Three Traders

77

  “We’ll hae to teach them a lesson,” he
said. “Micht as weel do it there as here.”
Clinton shook his head. They meant it.
Gin-drinking Harrison and canny Macin-
tosh stood ready to take the chance of leav-
ing their own places unprotected to save his
shacks. He warmed suddenly to them.

  “Good men,” he said, “but I haven’t got
much to lose. If they came here to
Mac’s place and found it unprotected they’d
burn up your groves as well as loot the stores.
Coco-palms take seven years to get to bear-
ing. You can build a new shack overnight.
They won’t get my shell. I buried it after
dark, below tide-reach. Nothing to show
the place.

  “You are the nearest to me, Harrison.
They’ll come on here next. It’s my fault.
I pulled a grandstand stunt on Kaiti and a
worse one when I offered him that damaged
fish. Ignorance of law and custom’s is no
excuse wherever you may be. I’ve got you
into this and I wish I could get you out.
It’s not going to do any good to fight, the
way I look at it. You can’t kill them all
off and you’re bound to leave them sore if
you win the scrap. If you lose, there’s no
argument. I don’t begin to know as much
about islanders as you fellows, of course.”

  He turned to Macintosh. The Scot nod-
ded again.

  “Ye’re largely richt. We got Kaiti sore
by refusin’ him what he asked for, but he’d
ha’ got ower that. Mebbe he’d ha’ got
ower your offerin’ him the feesh an’
takin’ back the shell-hook, but I’m no sure.
Ye ken he lost face on’t. An o’ his men
talked aboot it tae his wife an’ she spread
the gossip. I got this frae Puhoteke.

Kaiti, an’ that-Puriti, wi’ his headwife

Minea, who’s the worst o’ the three, killed
the man an’ his wife. Just hoo, Puhoteke
wouldna’ say, but ye’ll ken it was no a
quick death. Then he tries to get Puhoteke
an’ Vetesi to join wi’ him in killin’ us three
an’ loootin’ our stores.

  “Just why they wouldna join him I’ll no
pretend to elucidate. But I’ll guess at it.
Island politics. Kaiti wants to be king.
As it is Vetesi an’ Puhoteki ha’ an equal
share. Wi’out doubt they ken his inten-
tions. In fact I’m sure they do, forby
I’ve talked wi’ them about it, an’ so has
Harrison.”

  The Australian assented.

  “Tuni, that’s Vetesi’s top wife, told me.”
  “So. If they wad help Kaiti to get rid

o’ Harrison an’ mysel’, who are friendly wi’
Puhoteke an’ Vetesi, it wad be that much
easier for Kaiti to get rid o’ his brithers
later on. They can see that. So can their
wives. But ye’ll tak’ note that, whiles they
said they were not wi’ Kaiti and warned
us there micht be trouble, they didna say
they’ would tak’ sides wi’ us against Kaiti.

  “If we sh’ud kill Kaiti or any number o’
his men, I hae my doots, an verra strong
anes, whether the friendship o’ Vetesi an’
Puhoteke wad be able to protect us from
raids even if they wanted tae. Ye ken the
whole isle’s related an’ bluid’s thicker ’n
water.”

  “’E’s right,” said Harrison.” “You never
can tell when they’ll round on you. That’s
the whole ’istory of the islands. You can
pal up with a chief for a year or two an’, all
of a sudden, something ’11 ’appen that ’e’ll
blame on you—or ’is wizard will—an’ then,
if you don’t step lively, there’s another
prize ’ead in the clubhouse. Mine ’ud make
a fine exhibit, on account of my gold teeth.

  “I’ve seen Puriti lookin’ at them a
dozen times. ‘E’d like to string ’em round
’is neck, ’e would. Mac’s right. Lick
Kaiti an’ you’d ’ave to lick the lot of ’em
sooner or later. A row now ’11 spill the
beans, if there’s any killin’ to amount to
anything. And I reckon there will be be-
fore the night’s over. Just the samey, you
can’t knuckle under to Kaiti an’ ’and ’im
everything ’e asks for on a gold plate.”

  “I didn’t think it wad materialize as soon
as it has,” said Macintosh. “Usually
they’ll beat drums for twa weeks, but those
conches mean business. They blaw them
to keep the kelpies an’ demons off the trails.
We meant to warn ye, tonight, Clinton.
We talked it ower an’ decided we’d ask ye to
stay wi’ ane o’ us till the thing’s worked
oot. As it is, they’ve happened to catch
the three o’ us in ane place, thanks to Har-
rison an’ the Ninth o’ July. It’s here
they’ll be cornin’ next but they’ll no be
here for a few hoors. We’ll ha’ time to pre-
pare for them. I brought plenty of am-
muneetion wi’ me in case we might need it.
We’ve guns enough an’ if Harrison’s got
any dynamite, we can fix up some short-
fuse bombs an’ mak it verra interestin’,
verra interestin’ indeed.”

  “I’ll get the dynamite an’ we’ll over’aul
the guns,” said Harrison. “What about
the boys, Mac? Clinton, you say your’s
can fight. ’Ow about shooting?’ If they
78

Adventure

can’t aim a gun it’s no use chuckin’ away
ammunition. We may need it all before
we’re through, this time an’ the next.”

  “We’ll bring the boys in,” said Macin-
tosh. “They’d slaughter them i’ the quart-
ers. But I’d na bring them richt awa.
’Twil just scare them the more. We’ll hear
them cornin’. They be booin’ wi’ the con-
ches, frichtenin’ the bush demons an’ hopin’
to frichten us at the same time.”

  There was a flicker of lightning, a ragged
levin of fire that licked about the ramparts
of a great mass of cloud it partly revealed,
out of whose bulk came a low muttering of
thunder.

  “If the storm comes i’ time it’ may stop
the raid ” said Macintosh. “But that’ll
hae to come sooner or later. There’d be na
sense in tryin’ to deal wi’ Kaiti. He’d just
think we were afraid o’ him.”

  They went into consultation of war.
Harrison’s house was two storied, built
against the slope of the mountain, one big
room on the ground floor with a porch out-
side, unscreened, which was the floor for
the veranda above. On the second floor
the earth had been excavated for founda-
tions and there were several rooms.

  Stairs from the upper veranda, practically
a living-room, led down at either end to a
flat terrace and garden. The rooms were
well shuttered.

  Assault would in all probability be made
simultaneously from below, where the porch
roof, that was also the veranda roof, would
shelter attackers from a downfire of the
white men’s weapons; and up the two
flights of outside steps. They would sound
their conches until they gathered in the palm
grove and then they would come with a
rush that would have to be stopped. Dyna-
mite at too close quarters would wreck the
house, but they had to chance that. There
was the danger of fire, and buckets were
filled against that risk which Macintosh
did not seem to think much of.

  “It’s us they’ll be wantin’ ” he said. “Wi’
oor bodies as pairfect as possible. ’Gin
they get us they’ll mak’ a feast o’ us. They
conseeder the hear-r-rt o’ a white man a
verra str-r-rengthenin’ thing, to say naught
o’ other selective por-r-rtions o’ his anatomy.
An’ there’s oor heids for their mur-r-ral
decor-r-ations. Harrison’s bonny teeth.
They’ll na want to r-reesk spoilin’ thejr
spoils wi’ fire.”

  He spoke with a grim sort of jesting.

The excitement of the situation had affected
the burring of his R’s just as liquor did.
But Clinton’s viewpoint of these two sud-
denly clarified. He had been irritated with
them all evening, had always despised them
a little when they talked of the war in which
they had been non-combatants. Now he
knew that they must have been out of it
for no will of their own. Soon they were
to face a savage horde of maneaters with
such tremendous odds that it did not seem
possible they could win through. Much
of the affair could be blamed to him and
they made nothing of it as they discussed
the best defense and coolly went about
preparations.

  He was well aware that he was an out-
sider so far as Puhoteke and Macintosh,
Vetesi and Harrison were concerned. Neith-
er of the chiefs cared anything about him,
had anything to do with him. He was out
of their jurisdiction and they had had no
dealing together. They did not consider
him any protection against Kaiti’s schemes
for their downfall. They might be well
contented enough to let him be killed and
looted, and he saw that Kaiti would recog-
nize this, would know why his brothers had
not joined in with him.

  It was not impossible to imagine a peace
made with Kaiti in which Clinton would be
the scapegoat. These two white men,
Saxon and Celt, of his own race, would never
consider such a contingent. He was one
of them, and they held no rancor because
he had been the primary cause of Kaiti’s
declaration of war told by the conches they
no longer heard. Doubtless the raiders had
gone to his place where, as he had said, they
could do no damage that could not be re-
placed with comparative ease.

  The lightning was now showing more
frequently, but the glares, like the great
wall of cloud they revealed, seemed still far
off, without much strength of illumination
on the island. And there was no wind,
might not be any until after the thunder
storm had broken. Then, perhaps with
rain, a gale might relieve the sweltering
conditions.

  Harrison came from downstairs, a few
sticks of low explosive in his hands, a dis-
gusted look on his face.

  “I was afraid I was low,” he said. “I
ordered enough, to come this larst trip.
Told ’em I wanted it special for planting an’
widenin’ up the reef gap. Do they send
The Three Traders

79

it? They don’t. Send me a gross of ——■
packets of flypaper but no dynamite. Five
sticks of low grade is all we’ve got.”

  He cut the greasy rolls in half, short-
fused them, capped them, split the fuses
and inserted matchheads. There were car-
tridges on the table and now they ^over-
hauled their rifles.

  Three of the Tuamotu divers were fair
shots and they planned to bring them on
the veranda. If possible the rush must be
stopped before they made the head of the
steps or battered in the door below. There
was only a limit to the time in which they
could fire. And an empty gun was an in-
different weapon against the clubs wielded
by savages. The gravity of the situation
was not to be underestimated.

  A houseboy came in with his face twitch-
ing with the news he brought. A crimson
flare in the sky to the south, that they could
not see from the veranda. Clinton’s shacks
burning, what trade he had left unhidden
being looted.

  “It means they’re just that many miles
away,” he said with a shrug. “Can’t get
here for three hours, anyway.”

  “But they’ll come,” said Macintosh.
“The nicht’s young yet.”

IT WAS not a pleasant vigil after
all had been done that seemed
necessary. The news of the fire
had spread to the quarters and
the men were brought into the protection
of the house. Outside they could put up
but a feeble defense against the blood-mad
bushmen, fresh from the firing and loot of
Clinton’s place, wild with finding them-
selves balked of murder. The white men
must protect them, except for the last
assault, the last desperate rally that might
be staged. The odds were not a thing to
be discussed, even thought about.

  Harrison ordered more gin brought in,
but Macintosh refused.

  “I’ve been drunk a few times i’ my life,”
he said, “but should I gang oot this trip I’ll
prefer to go sober. You’ll shoot better for
not takin’ too much, Henry.”

  “You may be right, Duncan, my lad, but,
if we pull through, I’m going on one-or-
ful bender. ’Ow about you, Jim? Or will
you ’ave a little snifter now. What’s the
idea of bein’ so serious?”

  “I was wondering,” said Clinton, “if
there was no other way out of this but shoot-

ing and bloodshed. At the best we’ll only
turn ’em back and,- in the long run, we’ll be
lucky to get away to sea and leave your
plantations.”

  “Looks like it,” admitted Macintosh.
“What would ye suggest? You come from
a nation o’ inventors. Ye’ve Edison an
For-rd. Necessity is the mither o’ inven-
tion, they say. Yankee Jim, noo’s the time
to prove American genius.”

  It was not said sneeringly. There were
no sneers between them now, but a common
understanding, welded on the forge of
trouble.

  Clinton sat smoking, idly watching a fly
that had lighted on the border of the sticky
paper. Five feet were clear, the sixth had
got caught in the viscous stuff with which
the paper was smeared. It tugged and
buzzed, but the sticky mess held it too
firmly. At last it lifted a foreleg in the
effort, lost balance, set the foot down beside
the other, tried to free that, fell over enough
to entangle a gauzy wing.

  They were pretty well trapped them-
selves, he reflected. The only sure safety
would be in flight, abandoning everything.
None of them was of the stuff to do that
lightly, and there was no wind for Har-
rison’s schooner. The floodtide was run-
ning. They could not get away if they
wanted to. The fly collapsed, held more
securely than in a spider’s web. Its strug-
gles had only sealed its fate.

  “There is ane way ye micht get the best o’
Kaiti,” said Macintosh, “and only ane.
And I dinna see a chance o’ accomplishin’
that. Aside frae oor refusin’ him what he
asked—and it’s no the first time he’s been
refused, for every time ye gie him aught he
wants more—the trouble has come aboot
because Jim Clinton made him lose face i’
front o’ his paddlers.

  “Now, if something could be done to him
in front o’ his whole tribe, or more o’ them
than he could punish, ye ken, something
that would mak’ him rideeculous; why that
’ud settle it. Laugh at a leader an’ he’s a
leader no langer. If it could be fixed to in-
clude Puriti, we’d have no more tr-rouble
wi’ Kaiti or his outfit. Puhoteke an’
Vetsi get alang well enough wi’ each other
and us. Aye, i’ Kaiti could be laughed oot
o’ court, so to speak.”

  “As it is the bloomin’ joke’s on us,” said
Harrison. ^1

  “I’m not so sure. I’ve got an idea,” said
8o

Adventure

Clinton. “I think it ’11 work. If it doesn’t
we’re no worse off than before. It’s bound
to have some effect, if the storm doesn’t
break. If the storm does come hard enough
it may stop the raid anyway, as Mac says.
But we’ll try this dodge. Listen.”

  They listened, half incredulous at first
then with increasing attention. Finally
Mac slapped his bony knee and Harrison
guffawed out loud.

  “Jim, ye’re a Yankee genius,” said the
Scot. “Ye’vegotaguidheidonye.”

  The sound of conchs booed faintly in the
distd«iic6

  “We’ll ’ave to ’urry,” said Harrison. “I
think the storm ’11 ’ang over for a bit. Ow
’11 we tackle it, Jim?”

  “You take one flight of steps and Mac
the other while I get to work downstairs.
Let’s go.”

THEY turned out all the lights
as the conchs came closer, then
ceased; and sat in the darkness,
their weapons set handy, know-
ing the tribesmen were gathering in the
coconut groves, getting ready for a
rush. The heavy cloud wall had come in
closer, as the intermittent lightning showed.
Thunder muttered and growled, but the
mass of vapor seemed a barrier holding
back the storm that presently must break
through.

  The heat was terrific, but they did not
mind it. It conduced to the efficiency of
Clinton’s scheme to make a laughing stock
of Kaiti and turn his attack into failure.

  It was a nerve-tingling job, waiting for
the assault to materialize. It seemed for a
while as if the attack must have been
abandoned, and all the time the lightning
flared faster and more vividly, the thunder
sounded like great guns battering at the
black citadel. A moaning sound seemed
mingled with the pounding of the reef, but
there was no wind.

  Breath was hard to manage, as if they
had been in a vacuum. Every little while
the trembling lightning flashes would wink-
ingly reveal the scene, weirdly tinted, as if
they gazed at it through purple glass or as
if it was a stage setting under purple cal-
ciums. The weird light held just long
enough for the eyes barely to adjust them-
selves and begin to take in details, before all
was black again, impenetrable.

  Harrison was the first to see them, break-

ing out from the palms just as a flash came.

  “’Ere they come,” he whispered. “If
your scheme don’t work, Jim, we’ve got to
stop ’em before they get to the ’ead of the
stairs.”

  “It ’11 work. Better take stations.”

  Clinton was suddenly confident, cool, cer-
tain of his plan. The next flash showed
the savages running towards the house,
bounding along, their painted faces fiendish
in the brief glare, their weapons shaken as,
from brazen throats, there suddenly issued
a blood curdling yell, calculated to stop the
very heartbeats of the men they supposed
were sleeping, unawares.

  Kaiti was at the head of one bunch that
made for the right hand stairway. Puriti
led for the left. Others rushed for the space
below the veranda. They bore with them
logs for battering rams.

  Kaiti leaped for the steps, his men close
behind him. His feet landed in something
that slid slickly under him, that clung to
his soles. He lost his balance, fell asprawl,
his followers in a momentary confusion that
rapidly increased to panic. Kaiti’s hands
were glued now to squares of stuff that he
could not shake off. There was one of them
on his face, dinging there, flapping a little as
if alive, persistent as a vampire bat. More
on the side of his body where he had slipped.
He pawed to get rid of them and accumu-
lated more. It was some white man’s
magic.

  All about him his men were struggling,
sliding, shouting in alarm at this silent at-
tack that had materialised with such ap-
palling swiftness. Their weapons were thick
with the glue, their fingers stuck together,
it was in their hair, their eyes; clinging,
hampering, blinding.

  On the other stairs the same calamity had
come to pass. Under the veranda, men
squirmed in confusion, catching at each
other, dropping the battering logs, patched
all over their arms when they sought to re-
trieve them, pulling each other down, mad
with the knowledge that some frightful
sorcery had laid hands upon them.

  A livid gash of flame appeared in the very
center of the storm cloud that now seemed
just beyond the reef. A shattering blast of
thunder seemed to pour through the gap
with a sulfurous taint on the wind that
rushed into and passed the breach. Simul-
taneously came the roar of broken vapor-
vacuums, a second fierce glare of levin as
The Three Traders

81

the gale leaped to the land, bowing the
palms and rushing up the mountain.

  It did more than that. In the glow of
the lightning it set all the loose ends of the
flypapers fluttering where they were not
cemented to the bodies of Kaiti, Puriti and
all the warriors, now changed into frightened
children, what few wits they had utterly
flown, knowing only they were bewitched by
these things that had suddenly flown at
them, magic things that were sapping them
of all the strength and courage.

  They were bewitched! Puriti with the
rest. And Kaiti. Doubtless there was
poison in the glue.

 They bolted headlong. Men fell and
were trampled upon, scaled with the awful
things, rolled in them. Wherever one man
clutched at another or strove to beat off
these demons—surely they were demons—•
they found themselves in greater dis-
tress.

  Again the lightning came and the thunder
crashed and the wind blew, fluttering the
papers. The terrible gods of the white men
had risen in their wrath. Puriti and Kaiti
led the flight, if it could be dignified by such
a name, towards the grove, flypapers stick-
ing to every part of their anatomy while
their men came flopping and flapping and
floundering behind them.

  The three traders stood in their grand-
stand, shaken with laughter as the electric
fluid flamed and showed the ignominious
defeat and flight. They rocked with mirth
and were powerless. If weapons had been
needed they could not have used them.
Clinton had a fleeting idea to fire a volley
above their heads and then realized it was
far better as it was.

  There had been no personal sign from the
white men at all, only the enveloping fly-
papers strewn thickly on the steps and under
the porch, thanks to the gross of packages
shipped in error. Then the timely bursting
of the storm, the coming of the wind; all
supernatural; all plainly the work of the
gods.

THERE was no laughter in
Kaiti’s broken ranks, but when
they reached the village the spec-
tacle they would present at day-
break would be sufficiently ludicrous. The
women would have to scrape off the sticky
mixture and all that had adhered to it. It
would take days to get it out of their hair.

Kaiti nor Puriti could never reinvest them-
selves with dignity. They were utterly
finished.

  Now the rain came, crashing down, flood-
ing the trails up which the crestfallen
tribesmen made their way amid the fury of
the storm that thrashed the great boughs of
the forest and broke them off and flung them
at the miserable creatures that crawled like
ants in a flood, discredited, defeated.

  The rain clattered on the roof of Harri-
son’s house, but the three traders did not
heed it.

  As dawn slowly sifted in through the
slanting lines of rain they stood in a triangle
with arms folded, the right hand of Clinton
clasping the left hand of Harrison and his
left the right of Macintosh; who were
similarly interlinked in mystic fashion that
the houseboys, staring through the doors,
knew for magic ritual.

  They saw the white men lift their folded
arms together then lower them with a sud-
den jerk to the rhythm of the strange chant
they sung, in words that beach English did
not furnish. Surely it was a great charm
that they practised. What a fool Puriti
had been, Kaiti had been, to think they
could prevail against wizards like these.

  “Now,” said Macintosh, “ance more and
a’ together-r-r.

      “Should auld acquaintance be for-r-got,

       An’ never-r br-rought to min’?

       We’ll tak a cup o’ kindness yet
       For the days o’ auld lang syne.”

  “Ye ken,” he said when the charm was
ended and he filled the glasses, “I’m the
auldest o’ the three o’ us which gies me the
richt to speak fir-r-st. Lang syne oor fore-
bear-r-rs were a’ leevin’ on the same bonny
isle, forebye there’s par-r-ts o’ it far-r
super-rior-r to ithers. But let that gang.
We’re o’ ane kin yet. Let’s dreenk to the
race.”

  They drank.

  “One good drink deserves another,” said
Harrison. “ ’Ere’s to Jim Clinton, Yankee,
inventor and genius. Jim I’m proud of
you. Next Fourth of July, I’m ’anged if I
don’t fly the Stars and Stripes from my
flagpole. And the ninth, too, to celebrate
what ’appened to night.”

  “I’m wi ye in that,” said Macintosh.
“Noo, Jim, ’tis your turn.”

  “To the three of us,” said Clinton.
“The three traders of Jijilap.”
BCD

WILDERNESS.

     Yltch a ol J. PliillipS'

Author of “A Freudian Feudist,” “The Stage Goes By," etc.

         INKY!” Buck Cadger’s voice
         rose in a roar. “Dinky!”

Dick Farrell, rechristened

_ “Dinky” by the foreman, came

hurriedly from the kitchen. He wiped his
hands nervously on his apron. Cadger
leaned back from the slab table to glare at
him. The half dozen men of the crew,
gathered at leisurely Sunday breakfast,
grinned.

  “What the-kinda flapjacks do you

call them?”

  Cadger poked at the pile of cakes on his
plate. Under his huge thumb the skin of
the top one scuffed, showing the sticky bat-
ter beneath. The cook answered with just
a flash of spirit.

  “Well, you couldn’t wait. You kept
riding me to hurry.”

  Cadger threw the cakes into his face.
They struck with a slushing sound and left
a streak of batter along his jaw. Young
Farrell recoiled a step or two. His fists
doubled.

  The foreman pushed back his chair.
“Don’t you like it?” he asked with a
mean grin. “You can settle it, you know, in
a holy minute. Outside or inside. Well?”
Dick’s eyes wavered from the pale blue
orbs of the muscle-ridged foreman. They
were fierce and pig-little. He could not
meet them long. His look traveled about
the walls of the log house and dropped to
the floor. His fists loosed themselves.

“Afraid, hey?” jeered Cadger. “Trouble
with you is, Dinky, you’re yellah. If you

was a man you’d ’a’ fought long ago or
got out.”

Young Farrell winced at the words. •
“You don’t like to think of gettin’ out,
hey?” went on his burly tormentor. “Well,

I	guess you’d starve if you did. You was
about the sickliest-lookin’ bum I ever see
when you came here beggin’ for a job.
Looked as if you hadn’t eat for a month.

  “Goin’ to stand there all day?” His
voice changed to a terrifying bellow. “Go
cook me some cakes. And if they ain’t done
you take that lickin’ anyway.”

  Dick shuffled to the kitchen.

  The foreman glared about the table.
Some kept their eyes on their plates. The
others gave him truckling grins. They
knew and feared his unreasonable anger.

  “Sloppiest cook I ever seen,” he snarled.
“If I could find a better one I’d cuff this
thing into the lake.”

  They ate in silence until Dick came back
with the platter. Cadger pulled one of the
cakes apart and looked at the smoking
edges. He grunted as much in disappoint-
ment as in approval and dumped three-
fourths of the stack on his plate. Then he
poured on hot bacon grease and molasses.
The man at his left, first making sure the
czar required no more, took the rest.

  Breakfast finished, the gang, getting out
fenceposts and railroad ties on the John
Garland tract along Clearwater Lake in the
jackpine country of Michigan, drew forth
pipes and cigarets. The first match still
flickered when the front door burst open.
Boon of the Wilderness

83

A fat young man with a soft face gasped and
stammered before them.

 “Why—why—” he began.

  “Say it!” barked the foreman.

  “The old man—Mr. Garland’s gone!”
“Gone?” With uncouth quickness the
foreman got to his feet. “What do yuh
mean, Webb?”

  “He’s gone, I tell you. Lost. I don’t
know where or how long. Maybe a couple
hours.”

  With a wicked oath Cadger hurled him-
self at Webb. His fist came over in a round-
house swing and the other went down on his
back, his head in a corner. He struggled
and sat up, his mouth cut and bleeding.

  “You’re a swell nurse, you big, fat, lazy
slob!” roared Cadger. “Nuthin’ to do but
watch a crazy man, and you let him get
away from you. Where’d he go?”

  “I told you I don’t know.” The fright-
ened Webb wiped his mouth with the palm
of his hand. “I heard him about daylight.
But he didn’t make much noise and I
dropped off to sleep again.”

  “You’re always sleepin’!”

  “I supposed he was all right. He’s been
wild to get out these four-five days, but it’s
been so cloudy. He hates the dark. I
guess he was tickled it was fair. You know,
the only word he can say is sun.”

  “Come on with it!”

  “Well, when he saw the sun, I guess
he just dressed himself and went, to be out
in it.”

  Cadger wheeled to the table.

  “What you sittin’ around like a lot o’
dummies for?” he demanded. “Tumble out
and get to lookin’. He ain’t got no more
mind than a baby. If we don’t find him
he’s through. We’re on the edge of forty
miles o’ bad lands. Hitch up the horses.
No, pile inta the truck. I’ll take the
flivver.”

 “Hadn’t you better find out where
to go?”

  The question came from the cook, stand-
ing in the doorway of the kitchen, a plate
and wiping cloth in his hands.

  “Sa-ay!” The foreman stepped threaten-
ingly in his direction. “Ask fool questions,
will yuh? Have I got to stop and knock yer
teeth out?”

  “It isn’t a fool question,” the slender Dick
answered, placatingly. “But we don’t
know which way he went. He could get an
awful start in two hours. Let me call cen-

tral and spread the word. Maybe some-
body has seen him.”

  He turned to the telephone screwed to the
logs beside the window and turned the
crank.

  “Oh, hello,” he said, soon. “Is that you,
Carrie? * Say, Carrie, this is Dick Farrell,
the cook over at Swede Landing. Mr.
Garland, the lumberman, is lost. Anyway,
we think he is. Yes. He left his shack a
couple of hours ago. What? Wandered
off. You know, his mind is a blank. Will
you ask everybody, downtown and all, if
they’ve seen him? Yes, please. I’ll wait.”
He stood by the phone, the receiver at
his ear.

  “I’m foreman around here, you -!”

growled Cadger. “If there’s any more
telephonin’ to do, I’ll do it. You get gay
and I’ll sock yuh one yet. Get busy!”

  This last he roared at his men, and they
hurried out. Webb returned to the Gar-
land cabin a few yards away, patting his
injured mouth with a handkerchief.

  “Hello,” Dick resumed. “Yes, Carrie.
Hank Prouty, over by the Three Sisters—
pretty early this morning. Uh-huh. Got
a drink of water. Prouty didn’t see which
way he went? Thank you. Don’t you be-
lieve we better call the sheriff and rout out
the settlers? That’s fine, Carrie. Thanks,
a lot. We’ll go right ov6r to Hank’s.”

  As the cook turned from the telephone
Buck Cadger’s hands closed on his throat.
The foreman squeezed cruelly, until the
younger man’s breath died in his windpipe.
As tall as Cadger, he lacked weight and
muscle, and he struggled uselessly. Just
this side of suffocation Cadger flung him
against the wall.

  “Once and for all,” gritted the venemous
foreman, “am I boss, or ain’t I? You keep
yer lip out o’ this, or I’ll just about kill yuh!”

|jjP|gSp BUCK CADGER rode to the foot
Three Sisters ridge in the
Ny camp errand car. The other
•5	men except Dick went over in the

truck, two draft horses clumping unwill-
ingly along behind. The cook rode Nancy,
a fairly good saddler. The winding two
miles of sand road were soon covered.

  Already the settlers streamed into
Prouty’s yard. They knew, although the
warm sunshine caressed them and the sky
beamed a friendly blue, that caprice ruled
late autumn in this northern latitude. Rain
S4

Adventure

or snow might start in a few hours with a
killing drop in temperature. They must
act quickly before exposure and hunger did
their work on the lost man.

  Some came in two-horse wagons, others in
single buggies, the rest on horseback. A
number carried rifles and wore filled car-
tridge-belts. In the pine barrens, shots are
invaluable for signaling. The newcomers
exchanged sober greetings with the men al-
ready arrived, and fell into low-toned con-
versation.

  The cook from Swede Landing dismount-
ed, tied his horse to a corner of Prouty’s
log barn, nodded diffidently to those near-
est, and slipped away into the underbrush
at the foot of the ridge. He climbed the
steep path, veined with roots and slippery
with fallen leaves, to the summit. He
came out on the crest of the easternmost
hill and stood kneedeep in the brown-tipped
vegetation that rippled in the gentle breeze.

  A splendid sight met his eyes. The
ridge is higher than it looks, and dominates
the country. Dick had taken a telescope
from the Garland cottage before starting.
Now he swept the horizon, searching for a
moving red dot in a vast expanse of brown
and green. John Garland wore habitually
a crimson stocking-cap. It would stand
out clearly enough against this background.

  To the north Clearwater Lake sparkled
and dimpled in the sunlight. To the south
rolled an uninterrupted ocean of emerald,
olive and reseda, with a rare frost-turned
small maple like a pillar of flame on its
bosom.

  The Manistee hills guarded the south-
west. On their side a great yellow scar
showed where a forest fire swept bare the
earth. To the west another green sea of
vegetation flowed at last between parallel
ranges in the far distance.

  East was the smudge of the town of
Rainbow, with the screened dome of a
sawdust burner, two church spires and
formless blotches which were houses.
Southeast, a tiny streak crawled northward,
the morning passenger train from Chicago
heading for the Straits of Mackinac.

  Over all lay a blue haze like much-thinned
smoke. Dick covered the land inch by inch
with the glass until his eyes smarted. But
he saw no moving red dot. He folded the
glass and went down the ridge. As he
reached Prouty’s yard, a stout young man
with a small black mustache rode up in his

car. It was Mel Houghton, deputy, and
son of the sheriff.

  “Where’s your dad?” brusquely de-
manded Buck Cadger.

  “Away up in the north end of the county,
other side of the big swamp,” replied
Houghton. “He’s running down that kill-
ing at Mound Clearing. Worst of it is, he
has the dogs. And he can’t get back to-
day. Maybe not tomorrow.”

  The foreman laughed offensively.

  “Dogs? Say, Houghton, them blood-
hounds ever find anything or anybody?”

  Houghton smiled.

  “Buck, those dogs know more than
you do.”

  He went to where Hank Prouty stood in
the center of a group of his neighbors. The
cook from Swede Landing unobtrusively
followed.

  “Yes, I saw him,” Prouty, a little man
with a much-wrinkled face was saying.
“Early, it was, right after sun-up. He had
one o’ these knitted red caps on and a
Mackinaw. I went out to feed the team
and noticed him on top o’ the hill, lookin’
off to the east. Came down after awhile.
Got a drink of water from the well and
sorta wandered off. Didn’t say anything
when I spoke to him. Seemed friendly
enough.”

  “Which way did he go?” asked the
deputy.

  “I don’t rightly know,” confessed the
settler. “The old woman called me in to
breakfast and I didn’t see. I asked him if
he wouldn’t have a bite, but he smiled and
strolled out. It seems to me he went
around the other end there and headed back
toward Clearwater.”

  The lake road divides on the north side of
the Three Sisters. One branch goes south-
east to skirt the buttes, the other turns
west to a settlement lying a mile away be-
hind a jackpine grove.

  Dick Farrell edged off in the direction the
settler pointed. He scrutinized the sandy
track. After several minutes he returned
to the main group. It had been joined by
Cadger. The foreman, at home in a shirt-
sleeved crowd, where he achieved a sort of
popularity, dominated the talk.

  “Believe me, I handed that slob of a Webb
somethin’,” he declared. “If that bird
hadn’t been lazy as an Injun’, this’d never
happened. He knew better than to lay
abed.”
Boon of the Wilderness

85

  The cook plucked timidly at his sleeve.
“Say Buck, Mr. Garland had on those
shoes you bought for him, didn’t he?”

  The foreman turned with a scowl.

  “Don’t bother me.”

  “Didn’t he?” persisted Dick.

  Cadger drew a long and baleful breath
as his eyebrows came together.

  “Have I got to bump yah yet?” he de-
manded.

  “Can’t you answer his question?” coolly
asked the deputy sheriff.

  Cadger looked from the cook, who seemed
to grow small and insignificant under his
stare, to Mel Houghton and back again.

  “Well, what if he did?” he grunted,
noting that the others by their attitude,
seemed to demand an answer.

  “What was on the heels?”

  “Say, who do you think you are? There
was a half-moon of steel and about four
brass-headed nails on each side of it.”
“Come on over here,” urged Dick to
Houghton.

  He led the way to the west fork of the
road. There, outside the wagon track in
the sand a line of footprints showed. The
heel mark, a semicircle at the back with
dimples on either side, clearly revealed it-
self. Houghton followed it until the tracks
lost themselves in the wilderness.

  He stared over the rusty green plain.
“He’ll veer to the left,” he said, thinking
aloud. “Lost people always do. They
take a longer step with the right leg. He’ll
come on around a circle. But we don’t
know how big it will be. Maybe five miles
or ten or twelve. If he lies down, that
stuff’ll hide him.” He nodded to the sweet
fern and bracken, which grew tall and
thick. “If he gets hurt or tires out, we
couldn’t see him till we fell over him.” He
returned to the Prouty yard.

  “Mr. Garland started west from the upper
end of the ridge,” he began, raising his
voice. “Any of you see him?”

  They did not answer, and he went on:
“He’s out of his head, you know. Not
crazy, but just lost his memory. Can’t
think. Just like a two year old lad, except
that he’s strong and all right in body. Or
was. But he’ll veer to the south. We’ll
have to cover every inch of that out
there—” he waved his hand to the wilder-
ness—“to make sure he hasn’t hurt him-
self and can’t get up. He wouldn’t know
enough to yell.”

  “Looks to me we’ll have to do some
skirmishing. Suppose we line up about
twenty feet apart. Those with horses, I
mean. We’ll form a line with the left rest-
ing on the road. We’ll go south for a mile,
say, wheel around with the right as a pivot
and come back across. See what I mean?”

       SOME murmured assent. Nearly
every man under thirty present
had been in the world war. They
understood. He addressed him-
self to the older men.

  “Plgw a mile-long furrow, thirty horses
or about six hundred feet wide. We keep
on plowing back and forth until we find him,
or until dark. The -cars can chase around
wherever there’s a road, and search all the
empty shacks. You fellows afoot can tele-
phone away off to the west and south. And
make sandwiches and coffee at the cottages
and bring ’em over. Guess we can spare a
team for that.”

  “If we don’t find him before night, how
about a bonfire on the Three Sisters?” sug-
gested Dick. “And that other hill off to the

southwest? If he came to.his senses-”

  “Good stuff,” agreed the deputy. “Four
of you fellows look out for that. You stick
with me, Farrell. I want a horse. Who’s
going to let me have one?”

  Immediately a settler brought a big bay
forward. From the brisk movements of
the men, it was apparent they approved of
his plan and were anxious to get to work.
Many of them had learned on deer-stalking
trips or in searching for strayed cattle how
deceiving were the barrens, how many
folds and valleys cut those tricky plains.
Some had taken part in manhunts be-
fore. They knew how vital was haste.

 “Just a minute,” commanded Buck
Cadger importantly. “Guess you people
know this ain’t no pauper’s job. Mr. Gar-
land’s a rich man. When he comes to his
senses—doctor says that’ll be before very
long now—he’ll see the finder’s well paid.
Whether he does or not, his wife’ll take care
of it. She’d be here now, only she’s sick in
a hospital downstate.”

  “Let’s go,” said Houghton.

  They formed the long line. At the end
of the first mile swath they talked it over.
All felt the space between horses could be
increased by half. They could see farther
than the deputy had anticipated. Taking
the new distance, they patrolled back and
86

Adventure

forth, farther into the wilderness. Without
result until just before dark. Then a shout
from the upper end of the line brought them
galloping recklessly through bramble patch-
es and over fallen trees.

  Against the side of an abandoned railroad
grade Hank Prouty’s eyes caught the tassel
of the lost man’s cap. It was all but buried
by fingers which patted it in with the nicety
of a child who plays alone. All about were
finger marks and tramplings.

  “Stayed here for an hour, I’d say,” re-
marked Prouty, as Houghton dismounted.
“Wasn’t scared or worried. Laid .down
there—” he pointed to a scooped-out place
in the sand—“and had a little sleep.
Wasn’t hurt. Wasn’t' hungry or thirsty.
Just havin’ a good time. Buried his cap
like a kid and went off an’ forgot it.”

  The settler looked about, studying the
grade, the broken ferns, marks which were
as print to his experience and went on.

  “Came here a little after noon. When
he started off again, he went quick and
strong, as if he knew where he was goin’.
That way.”

  He pointed to the southwest where the
setting sun touched the horizon between the
twin ranges of hills. He turned to his col-
leagues.

  “Ain’t that right?”

  “You bet, Hank!’;

  “You’ve figgered it out.”

  “That’s just the dope.”

  They agreed with hearty promptness.
“Well, come on!” It was Buck Cadger,
blustering as usual, who spoke. “Let’s go
find him. We’re losin’ time.”

  Prouty shook his head.

  “No use. Can’t do anything more"1 to-
night. If he went straight, and we knew it,

we might foller him-”

 “With the bloodhounds,” broke in
Houghton.

  “Well, yes, with the bloodhounds,” agreed
the settler, in spite of Cadger’s sneer. “But
if he started to wander again, no chance.
Got to wait till daylight. Sun’s gone/’

  As he spoke the great shield, turned crim-
son, vanished except for a fragment. Dusk
and the chill of the north came down.
Prouty followed the footmarks. But soon
he gave up. Grassy turf formed above the
mold of a fallen pine. All signs were lost.

  “Tomorrow, boys,” said the deputy.
“Right here. Early.”

  Disregarding his own slow and bulky

mount, Buck took the reins of the Garland
saddler from Dick, and put his foot in the '
stirrup.

  “Here, what you doing?” remonstrated

the cook. “I’ve been riding him.”

  “I ride him now.”

  Cadger halted in the act of mounting, in-
vitation in his manner. The others ex-
pectantly waited. But after a moment
Dick dropped his eyes, shambled to the
broad-backed sorrel and climbed aboard.
Somebody laughed. Physical cowardice is
not condoned in the barrens. Then the
group broke up, each riding his separate
way. As he plodded toward Swede Land-
ing, successive prickly waves oftehame swept
over Farrell’s thin body.

  Beacons burned on the hills during the
night. All the searchers were back early
next morning, all and more. Other volun-
teers came as news of Mr. Garland’s plight
spread by telegraph over the state. Again
they wheeled back and forth across the
barrens, working to the south and west.
But they found nothing.

          THE search did not absolve Dick
Farrell from his duties as cook,
refill When the Swede Landing men
rode into camp in thick darkness,
they had nothing to do except wash up and
smoke and grumble over their delayed sup-
per. Dick cooked it, urged on by the con-
stant pelting of oaths and filth from the
foreman. It was eight before the last
voracious appetite was satisfied. It was
nine and most of the gang were snoring
in the bunkhouse before Dick finished the
dishes and made preparations for break-
fast. He sat down then in the comforting
heat of the kitchen stove. Outside, a fine
rain had begun to fall.

  He felt gloomy and depressed. He knew
they regarded him with contempt because
he had not stood up to Cadger. Besides,
Mr. Garland’s fate preyed on him. He had
never seen the lumberman before drifting
here; had never heard him speak. Yet
Garland’s face was likable, even under the
blur of the aphasia. It was too bad. There
wasn’t much hope now, after two days.
This rain was pretty sure to finish him.

  A hurried knock sounded on the door.
Dick threw it open. There stood young
Houghton, raincoated, bracing himself
against the uneasy tugging of two heavy-
shouldered beasts, the bloodhounds.
Boon of the Wilderness

87

  “Get me something the chief wore—his
gloves,” directed the deputy, eagerness vi-
brating in his voice. “Wrap ’em in paper
so they’ll hold the scent.”

  “The dogs! You going tonight?” breath-
lessly inquired the cook.

  “Sure am. Dad’s just back, dead to the
world. I borrowed me a horse over at
Pryde’s. Where’s Cadger?”

  “Here. What’s wanted?”

  The foreman in his stocking feet entered
from the bunkhouse wing. He slipped his
suspenders over his flannel shirt as he came.

  “Get your horse, Buck. You and I are
going out after Garland.”

  Cadger scowled.

  “In all this rain?”

  “You bet you!” There was grimness in
the deputy’s tone. “This kind of a rain
keeps the scent. But the wet makes it hard
to handle the dogs.”

  “Let’s split it three ways then,” cut in
Dick, swiftly. “I’m in on this.”

  “Fine!” agreed Houghton.

  Dick ran to Mr. Garland’s cabin and came
back soon with a pair of gloves, well
wrapped in a newspaper. Also he brought
two thermos bottles in a leather case. The
parley at the door still went on.

  “I don’t see the use,” the foreman was
grumbling. “Them dogs can’t track him
after forty hours. There ain’t a show in
the world! And in all this rain. We’ll
ketch our death of cold. He’s done for long
ago.”

  “Do you want me to say you refused to
go?” The plump jaw of the young deputy,
thrust out at Cadger, seemed hard as stone.
His little mustache lost its air of foppishness.
“This fellow’s a man,” thought Dick, to
himself.

  The foreman cursed over his shoulder as
he turned to the bunkhouse.

  “Oh, I’m cornin’!” he snarled.

  “I’ll drive your flivver over,” Houghton
told Dick. “You saddle up. Cadger can
ride my horse. We’ll start from that place
we found the cap. I think I’ve got the
dope.”

  “With you in a minute,” promised the
eager cook. “I’ll make some coffee and
sandwiches. If we find him he’ll need ’em.”
Soon they were off. The car twisted along
the sandy track under the expert hands of
Houghton. The dogs rode in the tonneau.
The horses jogged along after.

  “All - foolishness,” growled the ill-

tempered foreman. “Needle in a haystack
is a snap alongside o’ this. What show we
got? Why, there ain’t more’n one chance
in a million of stumblin’ on him.”

  “But there is that one chance,” Dick
pointed out, as mildly as possible.

  Buck’s reply was to curse him.

  “It’s this way,” began Houghton, step-
ping out of the car. It stood beside the
road in the shadow of the Three Sisters.
“I’ve been thinking what this nurse told
me about Garland gives us the clew. The
chief was crazy about the sunshine. Wanted
to be out in it all the time. While the sun
shone, he was happy. The only word he's
learned to say, since this aphasia took
him.”

  “Was sun. Well, what of it?” inter-
rupted Cadger. He shrugged his shoulders,
partly to fight the chill which struck through
his Mackinaw.

  “Everything,” returned the deputy.
“He’s been following the sun.”

  “Say, how do you get that way?” sneered
the foreman.

  “Well, he was fond of the sun. Prouty
saw him first looking toward the east, early
in the morning.”

  “What was he doing all forenoon, then?”
“He forgot it in playing around. But
when he started, after he’d lain down to
rest, he thought of it again.”

  “You’re nuttier than he is,” jeered
Cadger.

  “We had a man at Camp Sevier during
the war who escaped from the hospital. He
was delirious after an accident. He did that
very thing. Headed right toward the sun
and kept traveling. He didn’t travel in a
circle. Garland hasn’t either.”

“How do you know?” broke in Cadger.
“We’d have found him long ago. No he’s
traveled right away from us. So I think

it’s a good bet that-”

  The foreman cackled disagreeably.
  “Dream on!”

“Everything else has failed,” replied the
deputy. “All right, boys, shake ’em up.”
He spoke to the impatient dogs who
lunged into the dripping growth of the bar-
rens. He guided them to the west.

  “Here we are,” presently he announced.
His flashlight threw its beams on three
burned pine stubs forming a triangle close to
a weed-grown railway grade. They recog-
nized the place. Here the lost man buried
his cap in the sand.
88

Adventure

  Houghton took from under his coat the
package Dick had given him and unrolled
the newspaper. He held the gloves to the
noses of the dogs until they ceased sniffing.
Then, of their own will, they began to cast
about. Seeing they were hampered, Hough-
ton separated the leashes. He handed -one
to Dick who had dismounted.

  The animals grew intent. They worked
in circles, nose down, coming back baffled to
the patch of raw sand which was the start-
ing point. Twice more Houghton permitted
them to sniff the gloves, which they did with
a grave air.

  “Them overgrown pugs is bluffin’,” ob-
served Buck Cadger. “Pretty nearly ready
to go back and get dried out?”

  Houghton did not answer.

  The dogs went farther afield, raising their
heads to point into the thin rain, or to lunge
through the sodden undergrowth. It was
Jerry, handled by the deputy, who at last
found the scent. Whining excitedly, he
started off to the southwest at a rolling trot.
Tom, his companion, dragged Dick after
him.

  “He’s on it!” cried Mel Houghton.

  They went unhesitatingly for some dis-
tance. Cadger led the spare horse.

  Young Houghton brought his impatient
dogs to a halt.

  “We’re on our way,” he announced.
“And they’re showing my theory is right.
Here, Farrell, you get on that horse. I’ll
buckle ’em together. It’s easy now. Con-
ditions are just right.”

  “Can you handle the two of them?”
“Sure. When they pull my arms loose
I’ll call on you fellows. All right, boys,
shake ’em up!”

  They moved briskly in single file through
scattered jackpine groves. Then came a
valley of wild cherry. The hardy little
trees lashed them with winter-bared limbs.
The dogs did not falter or turn aside. They
trotted steadily to the southwest, noses
down, straining at the leash. The men
took turns, two riding, while the third en-
deavored to keep up with the tireless
hounds.

  Cadger grumbled loudly as he dis-
mounted for his first trick.

“Them mutts don’t know what they’re
doin’,” he complained. “They’ll take us off
into the bad lands a hundred miles from no-
where and lose us, too, if we ain’t careful.”
He jerked the leash from Dick’s hands,

and contrived to step on his toes as he did so.

When they had been on the way for three
hours, Houghton called a halt for lunch.

In the poor shelter of jackpines, while the
soft rain beat insistently on them, they ate
a few sandwiches and swallowed steaming
coffee.

  As they went on again they heard a
mighty Whoosh-whoosh and a crashing in
the brush.

  “Old buck deer,” observed the deputy.

  The dogs gave tongue. The hollow,
bell-like tones echoed across the barrens.
They challenged in angry voices some time
later at a distant bark.

  “Wolves!” cried Cadger, almost tri-
umphantly. “Now what chance has he
got?”

  “Bunk!” Houghton spat the word out
contemptuously. “A wolf is the biggest
coward that ever lived. They’d run faster
from him that he would from them. Wolves
never thought of jumping a man unless it
was winter and they were wild with
hunger.”

  The scent led across a slashing, recently
burned over. Here lay the skeletons of
logs, which caused dogs and horses to
stumble. The darkness slowly became
luminous, though thick as ever. They
could see in a ghostly sort of way where
they were going in the sodden barrens.
Evidently a dull moon rose behind the
cloudbanks.

  Next the interminable sweet fern again,
slowing the dogs with its tangles. And
then Houghton exclaimed, as water splashed
under his feet—

  “A cedar swamp, and they’re going right
into it!”

  They stopped in dismay. The dogs whim-
pered. Houghton cast the beam of his flash-
light about. It revealed a trap of gaunt
trunks with short, spiky branches, standing
and lying in every conceivable position. The
down trees were dark above from the rain
and white underneath with a livid, un-
healthy color. In places they lay four deep
with dangerous spaces between, spaces that
ended in moss and muck and stagnant black
water. There were tufts of coarse grass on
little hillocks that promised a firm footing,
and lied in their promise. As far as the
flash showed the dreary waste extended.

  “Now will you listen to me?” demanded
Cadger. “He went in there and drowned
himself. That’s all there is to that. We
Boon of the Wilderness

89

can come back here tomorrow and fish for

the body. It’s in there-”

  “I don’t think so,” Hough tonkin terjected.
“Seems to me this nurse told me he was
afraid of the water. Isn’t that so, Farrell?”
“He did say that,” replied Dick.

  “Let’s try something.”

  The deputy turned the bloodhounds to
the south and dragged them along the edge
of the swamp by main strength. They
were reluctant to leave the scent. But
within a dozen paces they sniffed, whined
eagerly and were off at a steady pace.

  Duck Cadger’s smouldering dislike of the
expedition burst into open rebellion. The
going grew harder. The rain found crevices
in their clothing and chilled them. Their
legs ached. A man scarce settled himself
in the cold comfort of the saddle before
decency urged him to offer himself again.
Except Cadger. Always he waited until
Dick, in a voice flat with fatigue, called to
him. Then he responded reluctantly and
with oaths.

  When, the swamp at last behind, the cook
halted and said, “Come on, Buck,”, he re-
plied violently, “I won’t do it, yuh yellah
four-flusher. You ain’t walked ten rod.”
“Yes, he has,” snapped Houghton, who
noted how the slim figure swayed ineffec-
tively against the tugging of the dogs,
“He does a longer hitch than you.”

  “Well, he’ll double it this time. You
ain’t goin’ to make the goat out o’ me.”
“You won’t get down?”

  “No. Not till he’s walked a ways farther.
There’s a blister on my heel.”

  “You big quitter!” Houghton gritted his
teeth.

  He slid from his horse and took the leash
from Dick. The cook struggled feebly.
“No, no, Houghton, it isn’t your turn.”
“We must go on,” returned the deputy
shortly. “Get up on that horse.”

   Aj THE contempt of the deputy acted
        as a spur to Buck. Little distance
        was covered until he called for the
        leash.

  The soaked and weary procession went
on. The rain purred and slithered upon
them. The dogs no longer fought the re-
straining hand, though they kept up a good
pace. The scent remained strong, they
showed no hesitancy.

Dick slept, bowed in the saddle until his
head almost touched the pommel. He

rolled from side to side with the plodding
step of the horse. His bones ached to their
marrow. His muscles seemed to have
shredded away, leaving the rawttierves bare

to the pitiless storm.

j, Cadger jerked back the dogs and stopped.
  “Come on, Dinky,” he commanded.
  There was no answer.

  “Say, tryin’ to keep me walkin’ all night?”
  The cook stirred, but did not waken.

  The man dropped the leash, seized Dick
by the heel and threw him from the saddle.
Houghton turned his horse and reached out
a hand to prevent, but too late.

  “What’s the matter with you, Cadger?”
he growled. “The kid was asleep.”

  “Well, that waked him,” laughed the fore-
man.

  Dick crawled from the bush into which he
had fallen, Without protest he took charge
of the dogs.

  Some time later, he rode with the deputy
again while Cadger trudged ahead. Hough-
ton turned to him.

  “This guy seems to have your goat, Far-
rell,” he said, ijot unkindly, but with some-
thing of contempt in his tone.

  Dick shivered.

 “He has,” he muttered. “He isn’t
human.”

  He spoke in low tones and glanced fear-
fully at the foreman’s bowed and bridgelike
shoulders, swinging forward in the gloom
above the dogs.

  “That’s foolishness.”

  “It’s so. He isn’t afraid of anything.
He’s strong as an ox. Why, he’ll fight any
thing or anybody. I saw him whip four
men at Rainbow one night.”

  “Still, bullies have been beaten before
now.”

  Dick shook his head.

  “Not this one. He doesn’t know what
fear is. If he did, I might take a chance
with him. But there’s no way of stopping
him.”

  “Sure there is,” asserted Houghton.
“Every man’s afraid of something. He’s
got you buffaloed because you don’t know

what it is. But if you did know-”

  “It doesn’t exist, I tell you.”

  There was hopelessness in the cook’s tone,
and Houghton did not press the subject.

  The character of the country changed.
The soil became firmer, clay mixed with the
sand. They were in the hardwood country
now, open plains dotted with clumps of
go

Adventure

oak trees. Beside the trail a good sized
stream gurgled.

  Houghton got down to take the dogs from
Cadger. The stream bank sloped at the
place. He swung his flashlight, peered, and
then with an exclamation, went to the
water’s edge to stoop over footprints. The
others, infected by his excitement, did like-
wise.	'

  The marks were deeply graven in the
mire. Most of them were filled with water.
But one, aslant and clear cut, proved their
search prospered. There were the fa-
miliar signs, the half moon, flanked with
bosses, at the heel.

  “See!” cried Houghton. “That’s Gar-
land’s. I could swear to it. Here’s where
he went up the bank again.”

  “Get out o’ the way and let a man look,”
growled the foreman, and thrust Dick aside.

  Taken unawares he staggered backward,
toppling toward the water. One of his out-
flung hands caught Cadger’s arm. With a
barking laugh the foreman shook himself
loose. Still precariously on his feet Dick
splashed kneedeep into the stream.

  Cadger’s mirth stopped in a gulp. The
bare and greasy earth, set atilt, offered no
footing. It shd him also, upright but
floundering, into the water. At once he
tried to lift his feet, to take a step to land.
The stream bed, as unstable as water, sifted
away from his laced boots as if he stood on
masses of very soft rubber.

  Then the cozy particles closed over his
instep, clutching with a thousand tiny
fingers, yielding to his struggles, but drag-
ging and sucking with a power as silky and
as ruthless as a tiger’s.

  “Quicksand!” he shouted. “Oh, my
God, get me out! Get me out quick!”
Shriek after shriek, high-pitched, woman-
ish cries of pure terror, followed. He threw
himself forward, his elbows on the edge of
the stream, his fingers burrowing fruitlessly
into the mud. He writhed and thrashed as
if in a convulsion.

  It happened so suddenly that Mel stood
motionless, shocked and startled. A cool
voice brought him to himself.

  “Roll that log under his arms,” directed
Dick. The trunk of a young tree, over-
grown and half embedded, lay almost at his
feet. He tugged and freed it, and thrust it
into the fingers of the frantic Buck.

  The screams gave way to sobs and gasps
as the man clawed wildly at the log. He

got it under his elbows, raised himself,
crushed it downward until it rested below
his short ribs. Houghton caught him by
the arms from above.

  “Don’t kick,” he commanded sharply.
“It only gets you in deeper. Dig your
elbows in. Right straight ahead now.
Keep your legs still, I tell you. Heave,
now. That’s it.”

  The foreman was weeping in abject fear as
he seized Mel by the legs.

  Meanwhile Dick sank gently forward.
The roots of a tree thrust themselves from
the bank just in front of him. The gnarls
offered good handholds. He gripped them,
gathered his strength and drew with a
steady, increasing effort that all but frayed
his tendons. The quicksand sucked thirstly
at his legs. It seemed that he must tear
himself in two. He could feel no progress.
Yet, before he paused for breath, he was
able to shift his grasp a few inches higher.

  He rested. Tried again, sweat bursting
from every pore, the air whistling in his
throat, eyeballs starting, blood pounding in
his ears like a stormy surf. The gain was
less. He rested again, utterly spent, his
chin in the water, the icy wavelets threat-
ening to cut off his breath.

  On the third attempt desperation nerved
him. He saw he could get no outside help,
for Houghton was fighting, not only to
draw the insane Buck to freedom, but to
save himself from being dragged into the
trap. So Dick drew a breath far down into
his lungs and put everything into the try.
The fingers of this slimy death grudgingly
slipped from his ankles, and he crawled onto
the bank. At the same moment Houghton
hauled Buck, who had gone limp and pulpy
as he came free, to safety.

  Dick was the first to recover. He sat up,
and even grinned a little, if pallidly, as Mtl
played the flashlight upon him. “Let’s
go,” he said, his voice shaky. The chief’s
worse off than we are.”

  “Good boy!” ejaculated the deputy, be-
tween panting breaths. “That’s the stuff.”
He stirred the huddled Buck with his
foot.

  “How you coming, Cadger?”

  The foreman’s answer was a groan.
“Next time maybe you won’t pull so much
rough stuff,” went on Houghton, a thread
of malice in his voice. “If you hadn’t
pushed Farrell, you wouldn’t have had to
bleat for help like a baby. Come on, let’s
Boon of the Wilderness

91

travel. There's a mighty good chance to
save Garland, now that we’re all done
saving you.”

  “Funny, but I never felt better in my
life,” Dick confided to Houghton, when
next they rode together. “Tired, of course.
But that quicksand is just what I
needed.”

  “How’s that?” asked Mel in surprize.
“It’s given me my nerve back,” explained
the cook, simply. “I’ve been a lot afraid of
just two things the past few years, T. B. and
starvation. Lungs have been weak since I
got a touch of gas in France. Came up
north here to help ’em.”

  “Did it?”

  “Yes. But I didn’t feel much like work-
ing. My money slipped away, and first
thing I knew I was hungry.”

 “You don’t mean-”

  “Yes, I do. Actually hungry. Without
a nickel to buy anything to eat. Foolish, I
know, but I couldn’t bring myself to beg.
When you get hungry, you get scared. I
guess that was the reason I was so afraid of
Cadger, And of losing my job. You saw
what I stood for.”

  Mel nodded soberly.

  “But when I felt that quicksand at my
legs—why, I wasn’t scared! I knew I could
get out. And the thought came to me, ‘If I
can beat this, I can beat the starvation
game.’ I had been worrying about noth-
ing.”

  He gave a laugh of joyous relief.

  The dogs led through a broken rail fence
into a field which had once been cultivated.
They halted under a wide-spreading oak
tree. The flashlight showed a farm wagon,
its tires eaten by rust. The wagon box,
wrong side up, lay near by, one end
propped by a stone.

  “There’s where he slept last night,” an-
nounced Houghton, throwing the light under
the shelter. “And he ate acorns, see?” He
broke away the shell of one of the many
pellets scattered about, and crunched.
“Sweet acorns. Not bad at all.”

  A trying two hours followed. Evidently
the lost man had forgotten his drive of the
day before. The scent led crazily about
wide spaces, doubling and knotting upon
itself to the puzzlement of the dogs. Fre-
quently he stopped to rest. Farther up the
trail led to the stream. Garland had lain
down to drink. The imprint of his hands
was plain.

  Suddenly the aimlessness ceased. The
dogs struck a course and followed it.

  “He’s going somewhere,” muttered Hough-
ton, nerves tense.

  He led them toward civilization. Neat
piles of stovewood stood among the trees.
The dogs padded into a grassy lane, their
heads up, following easily the scent. Mel
and Dick strained their eyes to pierce the
darkness ahead. The thrill of anticipated
success warned them. Buck Cadger, walk-
ing or riding, spoke no word. Fatigue, per-
haps shame at his weakness, quenched his
coarse spirit.

  The procession splashed through never-
ending puddles. The woods gave way to
half-grown saplings, grown up since logging
operations of years before. The lane be-
came a road. At last it turned to the right
and crossed the stream by a rumbling wood-
en bridge.

  They approached splotches in the gloom,
a deserted house and barn. The dogs
bayed loudly, sweeping past the barn and
to the door of a lean-to which joined the
house. The men threw themselves from
their horses and crowded in.

  Mr. Garland sat in a corner asleep, his
arms clasping his knees, his whole attitude
that of a man making himself as small as
possible against the deadly chill. As the
light flashed on him, he woke and raised his
head. His eyes showed intelligence. They
saw that his brain was functioning again.

  “Found me, eh?” he asked, in a voice
husky with disuse.

DAYLIGHT. The rain had
ceased when they came out at a
settler’s log house not far from
Kalkaska. They had crossed the
vast area of bad lands which stretches like
a blot through the upper part of the penin-
sula.

  The settler and his wife were up. Soon
the kitchen stove glowed through its rust
and the iron teakettle sang, for breakfast
was in the making. Mr. Garland, ap-
parently none the worse for his adventure,
sat comfortably behind the stove. With a
motion of his head Dick called Mel Hough-
ton outside. The sky was cloudless. The
air tingled electrically. The red rim of the
sun peered above the horizon.

  “I want you to stick around. I’m going
to lick Buck Cadger.”

  “You going to fight him?”
92

Adventure

 “Here and now. When I think of the
 way that guy walked on me——”

 Dick stopped and clenched his fists.

 “But you’re all tired out!” remonstrated
 the deputy. “Wait till you’re rested. After
 breakfast—tomorrow. ’ ’

 Dick shook his head.

 “Not another minute.”

 “But he’s bigger than you, stronger.
 Why, kid, he’ll murder you.”

 The cook straightened himself. His chest
 arched, his figure seemed to fill out.

 “I can trim him. He’s nothing but a
 rough-and-tumble scrapper. No science.
 I’ve always boxed, that is, always till I lost
 my nerve. But I’m not afraid of going
 hungry any more. I’m not afraid of him.
 I’m not afraid of anything! Since back
 there in the quicksand.”

 He opened the door, a challenge in his
 voice.

 “Cadger!”

 The foreman came out, bulking huge as
 a grizzly in the morning light. He rubbed
 his eyes.

 “Well, Dinky, what you want?”

 “I’m going to fight you.”

 The foreman looked at him in amazement.
 “I don’t want to fight now. I’m hungry.
 I’m tired.”

 “You’ve got to fight! You’ve been
 bully of Rainbow too long. Come on down
 here, if you aren’t afraid.”

  Buck threw off his vest and descended
from the rough-board porch.

  “All right, Dinky,” he sneered. “If you’ve
got to have it.”

  It was a beautiful fight. Too bad more
people couldn’t have seen it, Mel Houghton
said afterward. Buck Cadger’s gang at
Swede Landing, for instance. However, he
told them about it so vividly that Buck’s
tenure as foreman ended next day. A boss
so completely licked by a mere stripling
doesn’t remain a boss very long. In the
jackpine country a man who elects to rule
by his fists must rule.

  The deputy sheriff was so busy enjoying
the battle that he failed to notice, early, the
door of the house swing open. It stayed
open while Dick went down, and bounced up
at once like a tumbler. While Buck, be-
wildered by the cook’s footwork and his
rapid fire of cutting, blinding smashes, went
down again and again. And finally stayed
down.

  Then came a voice from the doorway.
It was the voice of John Garland, woods-
man, who had seen many a good bare-
knuckle fight.

  “Some scrapper,” he said in his halting,
husky tones. “I can use a chap like you.
Who are you working for?”

  Dick, panting, wiped the blood from his
chopped mouth and grinned.

  “You,” he said.
LAWYER/	1$ Captain Manslield

                 Author of “Bung Up and Bilge Free.'”

| HEN San Francisco was young
and fair, and rigor mortis had not
set in on American shipping, tall
ships of many nations passed in
and out through the Golden Gate.

  During the summer trade winds the skip-
pers with local knowledge would take ad-
vantage of a flood tide and a fair wind and
sail to an anchorage in the bay, thereby
saving their owners a bill for towage.

  This was a high-handed proceeding from
the tow-boat peoples’ point of view, but it
quite met the approval of the sailors’ board-
ing-house keepers and their runners. For
as the tall ships neared the lofty cliffs of the
Marin County shore the westerly winds
would let go. The sails would flap idly as
she rose and fell on the ground swell rolling
in through the Heads. The ships would slow
down in this calm, but keep steerage way
until Lime Point or Point Caballo was abeam,
where the wind would take hold again.

  During this short spell of calm the
boarding-house runners, who had gone out
to the Heads in their small, Whitehall
boats, would hook on to the ships’ sides and
swarm aboard. They would inveigle the
sailors to board at the house they repre-
sented. If it was a ship flying a foreign flag,
the men would be importuned to desert, leav-
ing their accrued, small pay, and reship out of
San Francisco at big wages. Three months’
advance pay in a lump sum was the bait.

Captain Carlin, the skipper of one tall

   “Yu Duck, Sea Lawyer,” copyright, 1925. by Captain
Mansfield.

ship, the Pegasus, was saving his owners a
bill for towage. This was the young cap-
tain’s first command, and it behooved him
to be economical. He stroked a glossy,
blond, Van Dyke beard, to which he had
not yet become accustomed, and regarded
the flapping sails as his ship came under the
lee of Marin’s tall cliffs.

  He had been many times in and out of
San Francisco, but never as master, and
never in the ship he now commanded. All
was going well, so he had no cause to worry
until the ship slowed up in the calm. Then,
seeing the boarding-house runners making
for the vessel, he fixed the pilot with a stare
from angry blue eyes, and said:

  “-those crimps! I’ve a good mind to

keep them off the ship. They’ll steal every
man jack aboard of her.”

  “Don’t do it, Captain,” warned the pilot.
“They’ll hold you up for a crew when you
are ready to leave.”

  So the skipper held his peace and looked
at the “Chicken” in earnest conversation
with Mr. Sinnett, the mate.

  He knew the Chicken to be the most
notorious crimp on the waterfront, and that
he was then in the height of his success in
his business of supplying men, or whole
crews, for ships.

  “Well! Blast my tarry toplights! If it
isn’t Brother Sinnett,” was the Chicken’s
greeting to the mate, as he tumbled in-
board over the rail. “What’s the trouble,
Old Fatsides?” the Chicken continued, in
his oily, insinuating way. “I sure expected

03
94

Adventure

to see you skipper of the old water wagon
this voyage! What’s happened?”

  Mr. Sinnett, cursing with extreme vigor,
grasped the Chicken’s arm and led him over
to the deck house near the galley.

  “Come over here,” he said, his voice un-
steady with passion, “where we got the
deck to ourselves, and that swab on the
poop deck there—” jerking his thumb at
the captain— “can’t hear us. I’ve got
something to tell you.”

  Mr. Sinnett’s tale caused even the case-
hardened Chicken’s eyes to grow big as he
listened. Quickened interest showed in his
face as he slapped the mate heartily on the
back.

  “I’ll go you, me bucko mate. I’ll go you
even if I lose!” he said.

  Then with a warning wink, as the boat-
swain was approaching, the mate continued
in a loud, grumbling tone:

  “That was a-uva lot of lubbers you

put aboard the ship last voyage!”

  The Chicken chortled with glee.

  “I remember,” said he, “part of a thresh-
ing-machine crew. The dead one I shipped
on the bark Cassandra Adams. I got a
bunch of real men for you this time though,
if you need ’em.” He lowered his voice.
“But wot’s in it fer me if I turn this trick of
yours you was talkin’ about?”

  “In it fer you?” repeated Mr. Sinnett
with much heat. “Don’t you git his three
months’ advance? Don’t you git the blood
money? Wot more do you want? I’m no
bloomin’ millionaire.”

  “Too cheap fer a job like that. You
know how I can get mine. Run the whole
crew off the ship. Work ’em till they will
be glad to run away and leave their pay.
Then I puts the new crew aboard. Sabe?”
Mr. Sinnett had just time to wink a fishy
eye, when an order from Captain Carlin on
the poop deck terminated this delectable
talk and sent the mate’s watch to the fore
braces, and to stand by the anchor.

THEN Yu Duck, the ship’s Can-
tonese cook, withdrew a listening
ear from an open port in the gal-
ley, near which the mate and the
Chicken had been talking. He lighted a
pinch of Chinese tobacco in the brass bowl of
his long, bamboo-stemmed pipe, the stench
of which would have betrayed his presence
earlier, and with stoical features walked
to the opposite bulkhead of the galley,

stopping before a calendar that hung there.

. The one deep inhalation that he drew into
his lungs he now blew on the calendar,
causing the cockroaches to scatter and thus
give him a chance to peruse it.

  This calendar of Yu Ducks was a work of
wonder to him. He consulted it with rev-
erence even on trivial matters. On each
well-thumbed page was printed the day of
the Chinese moon and our Gregorian cal-
endar in English. Also a quotation from
the analects in Chinese and in English. It
also extolled certain wonderful medicines
that would cure all the ills that Chinese
flesh is heir to, and it gave lucky days and
omens.

  “Him mate-flool,” offered Yu Duck

softly to the wildly fleeing cockroaches.

  He turned up each page from the bottom
with slightly trembling fingers, until he
came to the page of that day. His black,
bead-like eyes glittered as he held the page
steady and read:

   Three errors there be into which they who wait
upon their superiors may fall:

   I.	To speak before the opportunity comes to
them to speak, which I call heedless haste.

   II.	Refraining from speaking when the oppor-
tunity has come, which I call concealment, and

   III.	Speaking regardless of the mood he is in,
which I call blindness.

  For some little time Yu Duck studied the
lesson for the day, until his sphinx-like, yel-
low countenance formed an expression. The
countless, small wrinkles in his face ran to-
gether, making creases. His eyelids blinked
once. This was as near to a smile as he
could make it. As he smiled he stated to
the cockroaches what was evidently his
summing up of this lesson in philosophy.

  “Him-good book.”

  Then as the rattle of smooth-running
blocks came to his ears, the cook, from long
experience, knew that the foresail was being
hauled up. He left the galley, and hobbled
to his station at the foresheet to lend a hand.

  When the anchor was down, and the cap-
tain busy in the cabin with the custom
house people, eight bells were struck. At
the sound, Yu Duck, atomically, as if
he were performing a ritual, looked at the
clock, changed a pot of coffee from the stove
to the locker top, and stuck his head out
the galley door. He saw no sign of the
steward whose duty it was to carry the
coffee to the captain’s cabin.

  “Whashee, malla?” asked Yu Duck,
Yu Duck, Sea Lawyer

95

possibly addressing the cockroaches, and
speaking for the third time that day.

  To Yu Duck custom was as the laws of
the Medes and Persians. The skipper had
to have his coffee at four o’clock, though the
heavens fell, though the ship were sinking.

  So one rheumatic old leg followed the
other over the high door sill of the galley.
One old, heedless slipper after the other
went flap-flap along the deck, as Yu Duck
carried the coffee pot aft.

  “What do you want, you old Canton
River pirate?” said the captain with pre-
tended gruffness. “Don’t you see I’m
busy? Get forward where you belong.”

  “Error number one?” chanted Yu Duck
softly but emphatically, as his black eyes
glittered.

  He placed the coffee pot on deck and
shuffled back to his galley. On the way
his eyes blinked once.

  That was his second smile that day.

  When inside the galley the old cook con-
sulted his calendar at once.

   Three errors there be. . . .

  I. To speak before the opportunity comes to
speak, which I call heedless haste.

  “You bettee!” exclaimed Yu Duck, nod-
ding his head sagely when he had read that
far. “Me no can speakee. Hlim book
-good joss.”

  Captain Carlin took the desertion of his
crew with increasing indignation, until he
was ready to fight his own shadow. He
rowed with Mr. Sinnett for overworking his
men, but all to no purpose. Each morning
the crew grew smaller in number.

  The mate answered with truth that the
work was imperative, and the fewer the
men the harder those who were there must
work. He asked the skipper with ill-con-
cealed mirth, to engage new men at har-
bor wages until they were ready to ship a
crew for sea.

  The skipper turned on his heel at this and
Mr. Sinnett’s fat belly shook with silent
laughter.

  “Curse the luck!” ground out the skipper
as he turned his back on the mate. “If I
knew that blubber-bound lubber was run-
ning the men off the ship I’d-”

  There were scarcely men enough left to
handle the mooring lines when the ship was
towed down from Port Costa, and docked at
Mission Rock to finish loading.

  The captain paced the deck anxiously.

How was he to explain to his owners why he
could not hold his crew? Why he had to
ship men and pay them three times the
wages of a home crew. And the blood
money he would have to pay for the men.
How much would the Chicken hold him up
for? he wondered.

  Then the thought came to him that he
was not the only ship master in San Fran-
cisco harbor who would be hauled on the
carpet to explain on their arrival home.
Older men, friends of his, who had com-
manded ships for a longer time than he had
years to his age, were made to suffer from
the same system.

  This thought was comforting, and, after
all, ship owners had reasoning faculties.
They would know that it was through no
fault of his that his crew had deserted.

  In this somewhat cheered frame of mind
he started to go ashore to keep a dinner
engagement at the home of a friend in the
Western Addition.

  As he neared the gangway he saw Yu
Duck come out of the galley, and shuffle
toward him as fast as his stiff, old legs could
carry him. The captain stopped and
waited for him at the head of the gangway.

  “Me likee catchee flive dollar. Can do?”
began Yu Duck when he stood in front of
the skipper.

  “Five dollars!” repeated the captain in
well-simulated surprize. “What would an
old highbinder like you do with all that
money? You are not going to leave the
ship, too, are you?”

  Yu Duck’s eyes blinked and became
lack-luster. His skeleton figure seemed to
shrink inside his baggy, dungaree clothing,
as he chanted:

  “No leavee ship. Buy Swatow tobacco.
Mebbe pe-lay little fantan.”

  The captain’s heart smote him.
“Certainly, Cook! I’ll give you the
money. More if you want it. I was only
joking. I’m thinking you’re the only friend
I have left on the ship.”

  As the captain passed him a ten dollar
gold piece, Yu Duck blinked rapidly again.
He clasped his two clawlike hands, and
worked them up and down.

  “Him Che-licken—him mate—” he began
in his singsong voice.

  But the skipper, thinking that he was
starting a paean of praise for the extra five
dollars, interrupted him by a cheerful:

  “It’s all right, old bag o’ bones. Keep
96

Adventure

your weather eye lifting for these Frisco
Chinamen, or they’ll skin you at fan tan.”

  He looked at his watch and hurried down
the gangway.

  Yu Duck gazed blankly at the broad back
of the retreating skipper for a moment, and
then returned to his galley to consult his
infallible calendar. Turning up the page
for that day he read:

  Not to speak to a man to whom you ought to
speak is to lose your man; to speak to one to whom
you ought not to speak is to lose your words.
Those who are wise will not lose their man nor
yet their words.

  He read it again, possibly to make sure
that there had been no mistake in the first
perusal.

 Then Yu Duck commenced to swear
fluently in English. He called down curses
on the mate and on the Chicken. He
cursed the mate’s ancestors back to the be-
ginning of time. He cursed the Chicken’s
ancestors—if he had any, which he very
much doubted—back to the same era.

  Then the old cook with a deep sigh that
sounded somewhat satisfied, quieted down.
He stuck a few Chinese punks upright in a
small box of sand that he kept for that pur-
pose and lighted them. Next he arranged
the largest pots and pans on the galley
deck, and grasping the iron poker, beat them
in a very business-like manner.

  “That fat, obscene, turtle’s son of a
mate,” would not allow him to use fire
crackers to drive the evil spirits off the
ship, so he had to use other means.

  When Mr. Sinnett, that same fat mate,
and what was left of the crew, rushed to the
galley door at the sound of the terrific din,
the cook was calmly wiping the pots and
pans, and stowing them in their lockers.

THE ship Pegasus was being
towed to sea, loaded to her Plim-
soll’s marks with California wheat.
She buried her clipper bows deeply
into the westerly swells that were running
on the bar.

  Her new captain, the erstwhile Mr. Sin-
nett, strutted proudly on the weather side
of the poop deck. His dream had come
true, and he was enjoying it to the utmost.

  For Captain Carlin had disappeared.
Late of an afternoon two days before he had
left the ship to visit a friend in the Western
Addition. He never reached his friend’s

house. The police did their best, but in the
short time before the ship was ready for sea,
he could not be located.

  Then Mr. Sinnett cabled the ship’s own-
ers, explaining the captain’s disappearance
and asking for orders. The cablegram was
promptly answered:

Send ship home by Sinnett.

  So Mister Sinnett was now Captain Sin-
nett, and he halted his proud step at the
break of the poop and called blusteringly
for the new mate that he had shipped to fill
his former position.

  “Aye, aye, sir!” responded the new mate
from the main deck a few feet below him.

  “Have all those drunken swine that were
put aboard turned to yet?”

  “All but one, sir,” answered the mate.
“He’s some kind of a dago—still sleepin’
it off. I can’t wake him. But I’ll try
again.”

  “To - with him. Loose the tops’ls.

We got to get sail on the ship before the tow
boat lets go of us.”

  The mate with another “aye, aye, sir,”
ran forward, bawling his orders, and as he
shouted, close to the forecastle door, a
man lying in a lower bunk, inside the fore-
castle, opened his eyes at the sound of the
hoarse voice bawling his orders. With
great effort and groaning the while, he
worked his legs over the side of the bunk
and sat up. In this position he grasped his
head with both hands and stared into the
semi-gloom of the forecastle.

  As his eyes grew accustomed to the light,
or lack of it, the blank expression of him
changed to amazement. Sea chests and
canvas clothes bags were piled indiscrimi-
nately about. Sea boots and oilskins kept
company with pretentious shore clothes in
bunks where their owners had thrown them.
Empty bottles were scattered about, and in
the bunk opposite him, peeping out from
under a brand new sou’wester, was a bottle
half full of whisky and a pound plug of
tobacco. It all spoke eloquently of a new
crew being turned to, as soon as they ar-
rived on board.

  The wind, whistling and droning through
the ship’s cordage, and the crash of the seas
on her bows as she dived into them, told
him that she was under way.

  He suddenly became conscious of an-
other presence near him, when from a form
that had been as stationary as one of the
Yu Duck, Sea Lawyer

97

inanimate sea chests came a familiar voice:
“You de-link littee coffee? You eatee
one piece toast?”

  Then Yu Duck, the Chinese cook, shuffled
out of the shadows toward him. In one
hand Yu Duck held a sailor’s hook pot, filled
with coffee. He hooked the pot on the edge
of the bunk by the sick man’s side, and
offered him a piece of toast from a tin plate.

  “Yu Duck,” said the invalid, weakly,
“what am I doing in the forecastle?
What’s going on?”

  Tin plate and toast clattered to the deck
as the aged cook jumped at the sound of a
voice he had heard before. He recovered,
and peered into the stranger’s eyes.

  “-!” Yu Duck swore fervently.

  Then, the English language not being ex-
pressive enough in extreme cases, he con-
muned with himself in Cantonese.

  The stranger brought him out of it with a
stern:

  “Belay that, you old hatchet man! I
asked you a question.”

  But Yu Duck hesitated. He would tem-
porize with this madman, until he could
consult his good joss, his calendar.

  “You no sawe Yu Duck name. What
ship you belong where Yu Duck cook?”
The stranger took a drink of the hot,
black coffee, got to his feet, and held on to
the bunk.

  “Cook,” he said, “you haven’t got the
sense of one of your own galley cockroaches.
Who gave you a ten-dollar gold piece the
other day if it wasn’t I?”

  “-” began Yu Duck as he started for

the door and the omniscient calendar.

  “Stop! Come back here and tell me
what you know about this,” was the stern
command.

  Yu Duck shuffled reluctantly back, took
a small mirror that was hung, swaying to
the roll of the ship, on the wall, and held it
up before the stranger’s face.

  “You no belong skipper! You no belong
01’ Man! You no belong Clapta Clarlin!
Who you belong? I te-link you belong one
dago.”

  Captain Carlin looked at his reflection in
the mirror and understood. Gone was his
reddish, Van Dyke beard, always trimmed
to a nicety. His yellow hair was cut short,
and dyed a glistening blue-black. To the
lobe of one ear there hung, coyly, a small,
gold earring. His skin was stained a light,
mahogany color. His mustache, also dyed

   7

black, was curled up at the ends, and held
by wax on each side of his high Roman nose.
To add piquancy, and to crown this look of
ferocity, there was a ridge, bristling with
black hair that began at the top of his fore-
head and extended back out of sight. It
was where a lead pipe in the hands of the
Chicken or one of his henchmen had formed
itself to the,contour of his skull and knocked
him out. He had been shanghaied as a sea-
man aboard his own ship.

  While Yu Duck held the mirror, he
watched keenly each expression on the
captain’s face, expressions varying from
different degrees of astonishment and pure,
unadulterated anger to grim determination.
The ancient cook read them as he would
his calendar, and a great light dawned.

  “Me much savvy have got! You Clapta!
Him mate— Him Chelicken makee one
piece talkee. Me catchee one piece talkee
in galley. Him Chelicken makee shanghai
Claptan other ship. Then him mate belong
claptan.”

  “What?” grated the captain. “What’s
all this gibberish? Say it again, slow.”

  So the cook repeated what he had been
longing to tell the captain for days, and in
the repetition twisted his English more than
ever. But the captain got his meaning and
sent him for the mate.

  “Tell him to come here at once.”

  “Him mate no mate now!” objected Yu
Duck, shaking his head. “Him belong
claptan now.”

  “Go!” thundered the captain, doubling
his fist and striding toward the cook.

        YU DUCK went—with astonish-
ing agility for one of his alleged
'^§lll|p» years—but not to Mr. Sinnett,
'<ariim«& the whilom captain. Instead he
made a straight wake for the galley and the
calendar so dear to his Cantonese heart.

  While he consulted it with surprizing
eagerness, Captain Carlin in the forecastle
awaited his return with the mate with what
patience he could muster. His head ached.
He felt faint and dizzy, so he sat on a sea
chest and drank the remaining coffee that
was in the hook pot. He felt drowsy and
would have slept, but the loud slatting of
the head sails as they were being hoisted
brought him to his feet.

  With a muttered curse he strode to the
door, and nearly collided with Yu Duck,
hurrying in.
98

Adventure

  “Him number one piece error. No can
do. Number two piece error can do but no
can do. Number three piece error can do
chop chop!”

 “Shut up,-you! Where’s the mate—

Sinnett?” rasped the captain. Then, push-
ing the startled cook out of his way, he
strode to the forecastle doorway and
looked along the busy, main deck, at the
crew setting sails.

  “I’ll get to the bottom of this business
now,” he muttered, as he stepped on deck.

  Nor did his bearing, for the moment, be-
speak one who would shun a scrap in the
getting. Eut he miscalculated his strength
and would have fallen from dizziness as he
staggered aft had not the heaving deck sent
him against the rail. He held to a friendly
belaying pin and glared savagely at a
strange mate.

  The strange mate returned the glare with
interest, cursed him roundly and ordered
him to tail on to the halyards of the main
top gallant sail that he was setting.

  “Jump to it you spaghetti-eatin’ blacka-
moorl” bellowed the strange mate quickly.
“I’ll have no malingerin’ dagos aboard this
ship.”

  He rushed with clenched fist at the cap-
tain, who had made no move to pull on the
rot>e, as ordered, but stood with a grim
smile, grasping the belaying pin and sum-
moning all his energy to meet the onrushing
mate.

  The mate at close quarters swung for the
captain’s jaw. The latter ducked, jerked
the belaying pin out of the rail and brought
the end of it down on the mate’s head as he
spun half way round from the force of the
punch that missed its objective.

  The new mate dropped to the deck like a
plummet, and the skipper, still grasping his
weapon of defense, made a second wobbly
start for his own end of the ship.

  “Back—you!” he ground out at the boat-
swain, who had hurried to the mate’s aid.
“Lay your hand on me and I’ll brain you!”

  At the sound of the captain’s voice the
boatswain halted abruptly, eyed him with
looks of astonishment, then grinned sheep-
ishly.

  “—•—your lap-streaked hide, Joe,” he blus-
tered, “look wot you done to the mate. Go
turn in again an’ sleep it off,” he coaxed. “The
captain’ll have you in irons for that job.”

  The captain ignored the boatswain’s
importunities.

  “Carry that man to his room,” he ordered,
pointing to the fallen mate, and addressing
the mate’s watch that stopped work and
gathered round him.

  “Good for you, Dago,” offered one old
salt to the captain.

  “Bully boy, Joe! He sure got wot was
cornin’ to him,” said another, swearing
lustily and jerking his thumb at the mate.

  “Shut up! You swabs!” roared the cap-
tain, calling both men by their names, which
brought a laugh from the others of the
watch, and caused the two enthusiastic ones
to look at the Dago in wonder.

  Then came a throaty voice from the poop
deck that made the skipper grind his teeth.

  “Wot’s the matter with you men forrad
there? Stop your fightin’ and get that to’
gallant yard mast headed before I come
down to you.”

  The watch paid no attention to this
order and threat, but followed the tall form
of Captain Carlin aft, keeping a respectful
distance from those flashing blue eyes and
the iron belaying pin.

  “Who’s the Dago? Who’s the bloomin’
Eyetalian?” were the questions passed from
man to man of the watch on their way aft.
But none could answer save that he was one
of the new crew.

  Looking down at the captain as he
neared the break of the poop deck, Mr.
Sinnett, his mate—his chief officer, who had
sailed from Liverpool with him, and now
was usurping his command.

  The man was plainly nervous. His new
responsibilities—the fight on the main
deck—the sight of his mate being carried
below—and no doubt a guilty conscience, all
told on him.

  “Wot do you want aft, here, my man?”
he asked thickly, as the captain ran up the
steps to the poop deck and faced him. “Go
forrad where you be-”

  “What do I want, you cursed crook, you?
I want you, first.”

  With that, and while Sinnett’s look of
annoyance changed to one of surprize at the
sound of a familiar voice, the skipper again
wielded his deadly belaying pin.

  Sinnett jerked his head aside, so there was
a bit of his ear left on his fat head as the
iron pin caromed to his shoulder. He
staggered, then, bellowing vengeance, made
for the cabin entrance.

  But the skipper beat him in the sprint to
the companionway—and his gun. Sinnett
Yu Duck, Sea Lawyer

99

backed handsomely, till he fetched up
against the weather rail, quivering like a
jellyfish as the skipper followed him with
deadly pertinacity.

  Sinnett was cornered, his retreat cut off,
except by the way of the Main Ship Chan-
nel—overboard. Like the cornered rat he
was he squealed—

  “Help! youmea! Grab this crazy man!”

  The men appealed to were the second
mate and his watch, who were on the poop
deck setting sail on the mizzen. They had
stopped their work to gaze spellbound at
this exhibition of cyclonic wrath from one
of their own shipmates—a Dago at that—
whom none of them knew.

  At Sinnett’s cry for help they came out
of their daze to obey his order, but halted as
the second mate reeled back among them
from a blow of the captain’s fist; halted, and
gazed with increasing excitement at one of
their watch in the mizzen rigging just over
the captain’s head. The man had been
aloft loosing sails, and now was descending
stealthily as a cat, making signs for them to
stand back.

  Then the man in the rigging directly over
the captain’s head swung inboard, hanging
by his hands, and let go.

  The skipper, following Sinnett’s exultant
glance aloft, had barely time to spring aside
as the man came hurtling down.

  The foolish look on the sailor’s face when
he missed his quarry changed to chagrin as
the starboard watch hooted him for his
clumsiness. He was reaching for his sheath
knife when the captain rapped him with his
iron pin. Down he went, and the ship,
taking a weather roll, carried him to the
ashen-faced Sinnett’s feet.

  Sinnett jumped over the unconscious man
and bolted, narrowly missing another blow
from the swift-working belaying pin. He
found refuge with the port watch that,
headed by the boatswain, was swarming on
the poop to see the fun. As he ran he yelled
lustily to the second mate and boatswain to
grab the crazy man.

  “Grab him yourself!” advised the second
mate, who was nursing a rapidly closing eye.

  But the boatswain, long accustomed to
the slogan, “Obey orders if you break
owners,” did the best he could.

  “Nab him, bullies!” he roared in stento-
rian tones to the port watch. “Nab the
guinea before he massacrees the new cap-
tain!”

  So saying, and followed by the port
watch, he started to round up what was to
him a hostile Greek sailor on the war path.

  At that moment the fat Mr. Sinnett came
through the companionway to the poop,
like a porpoise broaching, and breathing
like one. Close behind him was Yu Duck,
the ancient cook.

  Sinnett, after mingling with the men of
the port watch, had rushed into the cabin,
by way of the main deck, for his revolver.
He met Yu Duck coming out. Yu Duck
had a gun, an old, long-barreled, 45 caliber
Peacemaker revolver. He waved Sinnett
up the companionway. Sinnett climbed the
stairs, the gun muzzle poking him in the back.

  “The ship’s a madhouse!” he yelled.
“Here’s the bloomin’ cook gone off his
head, too. Take that gun away from him.”

  Yu Duck grinned, glanced at the men who
were about to rush the captain and hurried
to the latter’s side to give him the gun.
Then he extracted from under his shirt a
razor-edged hatchet and balanced it with
affectionate precision.

        THE fresh breeze played with
A Yu Duck’s baggy clothing. It
fjAyy streamed the stray, gray hairs on
’ his brow, and his long queue to
leeward, and as he shook the keen-bladed
weapon at the crew, with the light of battle
in his snapping, black eyes, he seemed the
personification of a hatchet man out for a
rival tong.

  The skipper took the proffered revolver,
and to Yu Duck’s whispered words, “Him
no catchee bullet,” laughed joyously.

 “Now, you men who think I am not
master of this ship, step up and prove your
arguments,” he said, looking at Sinnett.
“The cook has more sense than all the rest of
you put together.”

  “Him belong clapta now,” quoth the cook
as he balanced his hatchet.

  “Wot do you know about it, Cookie?”
asked the boatswain with an evident desire
to parley. “Pay out your cable. Let’s
hear from you.”	„

  “Him book in galley good joss,” shrieked
Yu Duck. “Him book plenty savvy. Me
look see.”

  “Book, is it?” came back the boatswain
with fine scorn. “Shiver me timbers! He
knows the Old Man be the book. It’s the
bell, book and candle he means. Blow me,
if he ain’t a heathen padre.”
100

Adventure

  “Me plenty savvy,” answered the cook.
“Me sawy him Sinnett, him Chicken
makee one piece talkee—me catchee in
galley. Him Chicken shanghai clapta on
other ship—then Sinnett belong clapta this
ship. But him Chicken double closs Sin-
nett—shanghai clapta this ship—makee
Sinnett one piecee —— fool.”

  “Haw! Haw! Haw!” roared the boat-
swain, slapping his leg and looking
at the other men who were also laugh-
ing. “That’s a horse on our bucko
mate,” he croaked, when he recovered
his breath.

  The spell of ill feeling was broken. Even
the second mate forgot his bruised eye for a
moment, and joined in the laugh.

  “Three cheers for Captain Carlin, the
skipper wot came back!” yelled the boat-
swain, throwing his cap in the air.

  “An’ to Yu Duck, the pagan priest of the

Pegasus!” cut in Sails, the sailmaker above
the din.

  “Belay that noise, you toggle-join ted
swabs!” shouted the captain, trying to make
himself heard.

  He looked around for Sinnett, but the
erstwhile mate had sneaked off to his room.

  “The tow line! The tow line!” the
skipper shouted again. “Let go that tow
line, Bosun! Don’t you hear the tow
boat whistling?”

  “Keep her sou’west, Mr. Second Mate!”
he said to that officer. “Get the kites on
her, and the anchors on the fo’castle head.
And call me before we leave the light ship!”
He stalked to the companionway, leading
to the cabin—and to Mr. Sinnett.

  Yu Duck’s old, heelless slippers went
flap-Jiap along the deck as he hastened to
his galley to bum a punk of praise in front
of his beloved joss, his calendar.

2'gZ^^onIIFE

Looking Back

be J5Hl.Jid.aztw

I—S WILL remember it all; all the
whole forty and more years of
it—every day that we can and
w—_J every night—and be glad it was
me, Billy, that was with me—you and me,
Billy, we’re a whole lot ourselves all wrapped
up in one another. One thing was to teach
one of me something and another thing was
to teach another of me something—you
can’t learn all of life’s lessons just in one
way or just in one day—you’ve got to be
patient. Some day you’ll develop into just
One Bill, and that’ll be at the end, when
the road grows shadowy. Then, Billy, we’ll
not be afraid of the shadows, or the branch
glooms overhead; we’ll just plug along a little
way farther till the end of the road comes—
and go round the bend with a laugh.

 Remember the Tusitala—the ship that
Morley bought? Well, I hope that some-
times at night-time they’ll all go fast to
sleep and leave her alone under the stars
with only her mate, look-out, and man at
the wheel—as she was in the good old days
when her sisters were so many. For there’ll
be times when she’ll be wanting to remem-
ber her sisters, and the days that once were.
I do hope that the people who own her will
remember that maybe she’s got a bit of a

spirit all to herself. It sounds crazy maybe;
yet I think often that things that are so
lovely have spirits. I’ve met her at sea
years and years ago.

  In the middle of the street where I live
there stands an old, old oak-tree that was
here long, long before the city grew to be
even a village. Birds have nested in it,
have courted in its leafy branches. Chil-
dren have woven poppy garlands under it.
Teamsters and mules have rested under it
at noon. It’s an old-timer. It was here
when ships came to and went from Frisco
in great fleets, bearing awav, when they
sailed, the cargoes of grain from this one-
time wheat plain.

  Now, now that the old days are over, that
the ships no longer come, that the grain is
no more grown, that the town is growing
fast, they’re chopping the old tree down—
because they say it will be in the way of the
pavement.

  They prefer concrete to a tree—an old
oak-tree whose every windy murmur is
romance. It will be dead by tonight. I
tried to save it, but that wasn’t any good.
The women of the town tried to save it—
but that was all in vain. It is dead—by
tonight.
 THE

 BOLD *'■

DRAGOON

y _ PATtiM' J,

asoM1

Author of “Rockets at Daybreak,” “A Sergeant of Cavalry,” etc.
The first part of the story briefly retold in story form

TT WAS in June, 1743, that we routed the’French
at Dettingen, in Bavaria. We had been without
food or fodder for many a day, and as soon as the
French broke, leaving open the road to Hanau, the
army forgot the enemy in its eagerness to reach its
base of supplies.

  My nag was in such a plight that I was left be-
hind, and in the night came upon a French officer
and killed him after a long-drawn fight. I relieved
him of a fine sword, rings, gold buttons and other
booty. Then Austrian marauders, our allies, set
upon me. Badly wounded, I lay out in the marshes
until a party of our own men found me and carted
me to Hanau.

  A physician named Gulf took me into his house
and cared for me in exchange for one of the rings I
had taken from the Frenchman. When the army
marched out of Hanau I was left behind, for I was
still very weak. Some days later I was discharged
although I was in no state to travel, and the doctor
would have robbed me of my last gold button had I
given him the chance.

  At a near-by tavern I met a youth, Viscount Barnet,

       1HEN it was broad day and we
had stopped a moment at an
inn, or rather a pot-house, to
have a mouthful to warm our
bones, the viscount began to swear. After
a time he stopped and appeared to be cheer-
ful once more. There was a choking fire
there, a mean, tiny blaze that would
scarce light a pipe, and before this we stood,
to attempt to dry our garments.

  There were no guests at this time of the
day, except a drunken grenadier that lay
in a corner, so we had the place to ourselves.
This country had all been laid waste the
winter before by the Austrian irregulars,

who had deserted his post because he wished to
reach England in a great hurry. An estate awaited
him there, but he was without funds and in debt.
He suggested that I let him exchange my booty for
money, lend half the sum to him, and that we travel
together to the coast. This I agreed to do, although
Gulf cursed me for a fool, and went so far as to offer
me a commission in the army of the Pretender,
Charles Stuart, but I cursed him back and left his
house.

  We started, the viscount and I, in the Frankfort
diligence, but were held up by a scouting party
which tried to slaughter us, for the officer knew that
Barnet was a deserter. We were almost beaten
when a party of horsemen that I had seen at Gulf’s
house, came to our rescue. They cut down the
scouting party and rode away. No sign could I find
of Barnet until I reentered the diligence and found
him hiding beneath a bale of goods.

  “Do you owe those men money?” I asked.

  “Well, not money, but something of the sort,”
said he, and then would speak no more, but held his
peace, chewing upon his fingers.

the inns were poor, the farmers had but
little stock, and there was hardly any travel.

  “I am sore perplexed,” said the viscount.
“I fear we have begun an ill-starred jour-
ney. The army can not be very far ahead
of us, since there are patrols and drunken
soldiers so thick, and I am running my head
into a hempen gorget. I think I will aban-
don this project entirely. The weather is
too wet and the country rough.”

  “You would be a fool to throw away an
estate for a little rain. Be thankful we
have this journey to make in summer and
not in midwinter.”

  “Umm!” he muttered, “and when the

“The Bold Dragoon,’’ copyright, 192s, by Leonard]H. Nason. I<-|I
102

Adventure

bodies of that patrol are found there will
be as fine a hue and cry raised as ever was
heard by fox on an autumn morning. And
if our fine diligence drivers peach upon

  He tugged at his neck and dropped his
head upon one side with goggling eyes and
lolling tongue, to imitate a man who had
been hanged.

  “If you had been watching what was go-
ing on, instead of cowering under your hides
like a child under a coverlet in a storm of
thunder, you would have seen one of those
strange horsemen dropping a French cap,
one of those things they wear about the
camp, near the body of the officer. So, then,
who finds the bodies immediately cries out
that French raiders have done it.”

  “Now was that so?” he cried, clapping
his hands. “Was it so, indeed! That
was a clever thought, that man had discre-
tion, by the teeth of Paul! And I did
cower, indeed, for I warrant you that those
three men had more swordsmanship in the
back of their necks than most men have in
their ten fingers.”

  Here the drivers called to us and we
went out to the diligence once more. We
had no further discussion, but sat dripping
in our wet clothes, until we came into
Frankfort. It was plain that we were
catching up with the army, for we kept
passing bodies of horse, and now and then
saw them spurring across the fields, after
some of the many stragglers that peeped
at us from every bush and covert as we
went by.

  We came upon many broken wagons and
dead horses, left behind as the army ad-
vanced. As we came into the city the dili-
gence was halted, the goods inspected, and
all the rolls and bundles prodded with bayo-
nets to be sure there was no one concealed
therein. The viscount and I showed our
papers and were allowed to pass without
hindrance.

  The viscount was apprehensive and kept
his eyes going from right to left, and his
sword ever ready to hand, until we came
to the inn, where we got down and went
into the common room. Here there was
so much smoke, and such a concourse of
people, soldiers of all armies, citizens,
thieves, camp followers, sutlers, and I
know not what else, that the viscount felt
secure and indeed none would have recog-
nized him except by a searching look

perhaps, for a man looks very differennt in
civil attire than he does in uniform.

  “Let us have some meat and something
to drink and get ourselves good and warm
and dry,” began the viscount, “and then
let us see what we can do to make further
plans. I fear we must go horseback after
all, for the northern reaches of the Rhine
are too wild for us. I have had enough of
fighting, I promise you. And harky! Keep
your eye peeled for a sight of any of our
six friends. If they_see us we are as good
as dead.”

  We ate and listened to the talk. It was
all of the army having crossed above Ma-
yence and the probabilities of its going to
Worms, and of the French spies that were
reported loose in the army, and that patrols
had been searching for since the day pre-
vious, and of how poor the forage was, and
that the Duke was very likely to be made
lieutenant general for his work at Dettin-
gen, though if truth were told I think it was
my Lord Stair that did the disposing of the
troops.

  After we had eaten we went about seeing
what we could do for a boat to take us down
to the Rhine, and then the rest of the way
to the sea, wandering about the muddy
streets, and in peril of our lives, either from
the horsemen galloping about, or the rum-
bling carts that crowded one to the wall and
then showered him with mud.

  No one knew of a boat that could be had
nor of any one who did boating, for it was
low water, and the most of the boating and
rafting of timber was done in the spring.
Moreover, the viscount was averse to spend-
ing the great amount of time that would be
necessary.

  Neither of us had much idea of how long
it was to go by water to the sea, but we
knew that the Netherlands were the next
country to Flanders, which was not far off,
and so it could not be at a great distance,
but it seemed from our talk with these
people that we would be lucky to reach the
coast before the setting in of winter.

  “That settles that matter,” said the vis-
count. “That settles it properly. There
is nothing for it but to go by horse, for your
diligence is too slow, and they are forever
getting mired. Also, we on horseback will
have more chance against any one that has
evil intent toward us. I have no stomach
for doing any fighting from a cart, nor from
the ground.”
The Bold Dragoon

103

  “No, that’s true enough,” I agreed, “once
at that is enough.”

  So we applied to the host of the inn, get-
ting a seller of cattle to speak for us, and tell
us what the landlord said, for we had no Ger-
man. We found that horses were for hire,
they being rented for the stage, that is to the
next town or so, whence they would be re-
turned, and we could get others. Thereupon
we went to bed in very deep feathers, and
were sore bitten by fleas, so that we were glad
enough to be up in the dawn and to horse.

WE RODE for the next fort-
night, making easy stages on
account of the burning heat and
because I was unable to stand
the longer ones, and so got well into Flan-
ders. We were intending to make for
Ostend, where we would have the best
chance of getting into England. There
were few travelers for pleasure, because
of the troubled times, but there were great
numbers of soldiers, either messengers, or
convoys for supplies, or officers going on fur-
lough, trotting by with a servant or two at
their backs. We passed from time to time,
drafts of green, raw, open-mouthed recruits,
their ill-fitting uniforms still creased, so new
were they from the magazines, and the men’s
faces still white from the shop,or healthily
browned from working in the fields, and too
clear eyed for soldiers.

  We kept from the routes that led toward
the army when we could, lest the viscount
meet with some one that knew him, but
we could not always avoid the soldiery,
since there were not many passable roads,
and it took all of these to keep the army
supplied.

  We had come, at the end of a baking day,
to a small town near Brussels, which city
we hoped to make the following day. We
turned our horses into the yard, had them
watered, and went into the inn to see about
lodging and supper, and the hire of horses
for the morrow.

  There was a great sound of singing and
shouting from the common room, and we
should have known enough to stay out, but
we did not, and went in and found the place
filled with officers, young men for the most
part who had just had commissions bought
for them and were going out to join their
regiments. They were little more than boys,
though there were some older men among
them, probably returning from furlough or

army business at home. The viscount and
I looked at each other and came to a stand.

   “We had best go in now,” said I, “for they
have seen us and if we duck out, it will look
more suspicious than if we go in.”

  “Well, let’s stay in a corner then, and
take no part in the drinking, for as sure as
I shall burn in-7, some one of these ban-
tams will know me, and our journey is at
an end.”

  “Your journey,” I reminded him.

  “Aye,” said he, sourly enough, “I said

my journey. Be-to you.”

  With that we went in and sat down in the
darkest corner.

  For all it was summer and the heat of the
day terrible, the nights were chill and so a
good fire was built up and these men sat
about it, smoothing their new lace and wag-
ging their shoulders to let the light glance
on their epaulets, and swearing and drink-
ing prodigiously to show their manliness
and acquaintanceship with the world.

  They were singing songs in turn and con-
tinued to do so while the viscount and I
broke our fast miserably on tough mutton
kidney and watery wine. Some of the
officers sang sentimental songs and others
songs that were not sentimental, but which
were applauded to the echo nevertheless,
and then one got up and, waving his mug,
sang a new one, written about our battle,
that I thought was well done enough.

   “Then up rode Billy the Bold,

   And made his horse to prance.

   He showed that he came of a mold,

   That could fight as well as dance.

   Ten thousand of France he slew
   While he fought by his father’s side,

   When his leg with a ball was pierced through
   ‘Smart money, my boys,’ he cried.”

The roar after that ended shook down the
dust from the rafters and such was the gust
from the cheering that the chimney smoked.

  There was one young man that sat near
us and his round, chubby face was as inno-
cent as that of a babe. He could not have
been above fifteen, if he was that old, but
he howled with the rest and waved his mug
in air, and discreetly poured its contents
into the sand of the floor when he was un-
observed.

  “How long have you been with the
army?” I asked him.

  “A matter of a month or more,” replied
chubby-face, noting [my citizens’ cloth with
disdain, and putting up his nose at me.
104

Adventure

  “So you are all for beating the French,”
said the viscount, “and full of eagerness to
meet the monseers.”

  “Eager I am,” said chubby-face, “and
when I have met the enemy, I shall beat
him and I can.”

  “Do you know what the war is about?”
I asked.

  “Faith, that I do not,” said he, “save
that it is about some —— queen or other.”

  Here the viscount and I laughed so
hearily at this young man’s innocence that
we were quite breathless. When we were
finished, we found that we were like to
laugh from the other side of our mouths
before the evening was done. An officer
had been singing a very heartbreaking song
about the maiden fair that he had left be-
hind and he would see her no more alas, for
his bed was on the cold moor, and his knap-
sack his pillow, though I have never seen an
ensign with a knapsack yet.

  Be that as it may, we had laughed at the
very most heartbreaking part, and the offi-
cer in question was regarding us very wrath-
fully, as were the rest of the company. We
were both sober enough then, I promise you.
However, seeing from our looks and our con-
fused faces that it was not at the song that
we had laughed, the young fellow would
have doubtless gone on, but that a fire-eater,
an officer of horse, an older man who had
undoubtedly been telling them all, ever
since they had left England, what a blood
drinker he was, got staggeringly to his feet
and vowed that he would sweat us.

  Now ever since our encounter with the
patrol between Hanau and Frankfort, I
had been accustomed to taking the Picinino
from my belt and hiding it in the hay or
under a hedge or somewhere outside the inn,
and thus escaping a good deal of pointing
and peering and loose talk about it, for it
was a French sword and there was no dis-
guising the fact. So on this night I had
slipped the sword into the stable thatch
and gone in to supper without it, and hence
when this brawl seemed to be breaking on
us, I had no weapon and was like to be in
sorry case. The blood drinker moved on
us a little staggeringly, but very sternly
withal, and came to our table.

  “Ha!” said he, thrusting his face into
mine, “our song makes you laugh, does it?
It is for such as you that we die and are
eaten by the ravens and you find something
to laugh at in our songs! I see you wear no

sword! What are you, huckster, sutler, or
hedge priest, that you follow the army
weaponless? Ha, I would kick you out of
doors, only I am over cautious of my boots!”

  I said nothing in reply, but looked him
steadily in the face, and he thinking to have
done me down, turned to the viscount.

  I had had little opinion of the viscount’s
courage. He was such a trembly, finger
chewing sort of a man. He was a gambler,
a deserter, doubtless a rogue when he could
muster the courage, and his actions during
the fight with the patrol had not certainly
been those of a bold man. He had indeed
killed one of the troopers, but he had broken
off the fight afterward and run and hid
under the hides. So then, when the fire-
eater turned his burning gaze on the vis-
count, I expected some signs of dismay.
Instead the viscount looked the other very
steadily in the face and curled his lip in a
sneer.

  “Do you find something to laugh at in a
soldier’s song?” roared the fire-eater.

  “Are you a soldier?” asked the viscount
very innocently.

  The fire-eater was quite upset by this
question and could only wag his jaw. Fi-
nally he found breath and opened his mouth
to roar. At that instant the viscount swung
his mug and the wine that it contained shot
down the fire-eater’s throat, and near
strangled him. He coughed and gasped
and choked and stamped about.

  Meanwhile the company of officers began
to murmur among themselves and began
to leave their tables and gather around us.
I looked about me for a weapon and re-
solved that if I was so lucky as to escape
from this broil with my life, I would
never so much as let the Picinino out of my
hand again.

  The fire-eater had cleared his throat and
dashed the tears and wine from his eyes, the
while he bent a very fierce gaze upon the
viscount.

  “Your life for this!” he roared, and tugged
out his sword

yf	THE viscount’s bench clattered

x® ♦M against the table leg and fell
thudding into the sand, while his
sword flashed into the firelight
like a tongue of lightning. Instead of put-
ting it in guard, however, he rested the
point on his toe, and folded his hands. The
fire-eater seemed no less thunderstruck by
The Bold Dragoon

105

such conduct than the rest of us, for he
came to a dead halt and the most laughable
expression of surprize and wonder came
over his face. His eyes wandered from the
viscount’s face to the roof, then about the
company, and then fluttered a little.

  Then the fire-eater seemed to melt in-
side, and went slumping down on the sand
like a candle before a hot fire. There was a
shout of surprize or rage, I could not tell,
and every one pressed forward to help the
fire-eater to his feet.

  I shoved with the rest to see what had
caused this strange occurrence, but when I
had come near enough to see, it needed no
second look to tell me that the officer of
horse would ruffle and bully and rant no
more. He had been thrust through the
heart, but so quickly and so dexterously
had the viscount done it, and the room be-
ing a little murky from the smoke and in-
sufficient fight, that none of us had seen the
stroke.

  It was an awful thing, a mysterious thing,
to see this man die so quickly and suddenly,
and I could see that many of the wide-eyed,
smooth-faced youths were a little sick and
beginning to wish they had stayed at home.
At this time some one shouted, “Treach-
ery!” and the company blazed like a dry rick.

  The first one that came to hand I knocked
out of the scene with as shrewd a blow as
ever the great Broughton delivered. I had
up a stool and swept some more from the
scene with it, but they were all barking and
clamoring with more noise than a pack of
hounds at the kill, and reaching over each
other to prick me with their swords.

  I grabbed a brad-awl out of one young-
ster’s hand, but it was a cheap blade such as
the costumers sell to these springalds, and
it broke under my hand. I beat down with
the stool again, and it shivered into bits, the
leg breaking and the rest of it flying off into
the crowd.

  Thereupon I mounted nimbly upon a
a table and unhooking a mug from the row
that hung on the beam, broke it upon the
head of the first cherub that I saw. As fast
as they came to the table to lay hold of me,
I put my foot into their faces, and unhooked
another mug or two and broke it as before,
and even began to laugh and enjoy it, for
it seemed that I was going to make the table
good against them all.

  Now the people of the inn, who had taken
to their holes when the brawl had first

begun, seeing that their store of mugs was
likely to be laid waste, began to bestir
themselves. First a large, fat woman, per-
haps the innkeeper’s wife, began to cast
boiling water about, and the cherubs on
the skirts of the crowd gave tongue im-
mediately and took to their heels, clutch-
ing themselves.

  The innkeeper and a maid or two set
themselves to drag away all they could lay
hand on, but the press was so thick, and
the room so dark by now with the dust that
was raised, that they did not make much
headway. I broke a jug on the head of the
innkeeper and he went out of sight with
little desire to return.

  This was an act of folly on my part, but I
was so shaken by the fight and the excite-
ment and the thought that I was beating
them all, that I forgot all wisdom and so
hove the mug at him with a will, where his
bald head shone against the dark. His
wife, perceiving this, raised a howl that
rang above all the rest, but I gave it
little heed.

  The more fool I, for just as I was stand-
ing on one leg, with the other outstretched
to kick an enemy under the nose, a flitch of
bacon sailed through the air, like an ill-
omened bat, and catching me where the neck
joins the head, and unbalanced as I was,
swept me from the table and into the crowd.
Then they had their revenge upon me, I
promise you, and the last I remember was
being cast bodily from the door into the
stable midden, and glad enough I was to fie
there.

  It seemed but a minute before I came to
myself, but it was late in the night, and the
moon up, and the viscount pouring water
from his hat into my face.

  “You great simple ass!” said he, as soon
as he saw my eyes open, and knew that I had
my sense back. “What a goose you are!
Haven’t you brains enough to know that
the time to be going is when they are all
goggling at the slain man? It is a wonder
you were not killed.”

  “What became of you?” I gasped, amid
my groans as I attempted to rise.

  “Why, when I had killed that ruffler so
so neatly that it took him some time to find
it out himself, I just went out the door, while
they were all looking at him, and so I went
into the stable, and having put saddles on
our horses, prepared to go and then I heard
the play starting, so I waited to see what
io6

Adventure

would come of it, and sure enough, a great
booby of a dragoon comes flying out the
door, and after him all the fledglings. Well,
they were put out of the inn and the door
shut, so we have no more to fear from them,
for they have taken themselves off and gone
elsewhere to do their howling. Come, on
your fpet! We must put ground between
us and this cursed inn. Up, now, stir your
pegs!”

  “You rave,” said I. “I am in fifty parts '
by the feel, and can not stir a foot to save
myself from the gallows!”

  “That is just what we are fleeing!” urged
the viscount. “We have let steel into a
man and that is not a hght offense for a citi-
zen to do to a soldier outside of England.

There are no civil courts here, by the-’s

tail! Up, now, here are the horses! Give
me your foot.”

  My head was spinning and I was exceed-
ing sick at the stomach, but I managed to
get into the saddle, where I lay down upon
the horse’s mane, letting my hands fall on
either side. The viscount took hold of the
rein and was for leading out the hores, but I
remembered my sword.

  “Hold!” I cried, as loudly as I could.
“Hold! I have forgotten my sword!”

  “Be-to it!” said the viscount, spur-
ring his horse.

  “I shall not stir a foot without it!” I

shouted. “Ho! You-! Halt! By-,

I’ll have the place by the ears! Halt, I say!

You runagate! Ho, there! You-white-

livered cadger!”

  “Oh, -,” groaned the viscount, “this

cursed, lubberly dragoon will be the hanging
of me yet! Stop that howling! Peace, for
the love of Andrew with his heels in air! Oh,
-be the day I ever set out in your com-
pany! Don’t get down, or I’ll never be
able to hoist you up again. Where is your
sword? I’ll get it for you; where is it, only
stop this roaring!”

  I directed him to the thatch where I had
thrust the sword and he found it easily
enough. I belted it with trembling fingers
and away we went, the viscount spurring
and cursing, and looking over his shoulder.
The inn was closed and dark and the people
probably within it under the bed, for an
officer had been killed in their house and
they expected to find the roof afire over
their heads.

  “Ride!” cried the viscount. “Ride, ride,
we must get away!”

P, WE TROTTED as fast as our
tired horses would go and that
was too fast for me and we came
shortly to a crossroads, one of
which, so the viscount told me, went to
Brussels, one to Louvain, and one north to
the Low Countries. He dismounted and
walked about in the dark, feeling in the
road with his hands, and at last he came to
the side of my horse, looking up at me,
where I lay with my head hanging.

  “We cannot go farther to Ostend,” said
he. “We can not take ship from the base
for it is running our heads into a noose. We
must go north and cross from thence. This

is a-of a mess we are in!”

  “We!” I cried. “We! You are the man
that slew the officer! We! If you had not
been so lively with your steel, we had not
had all this trouble and I would not have
every bone in me broken.”

  He answered never a word, but got to his
horse and away we went. The pain of the
horse’s motion and the sickness I had, and
the weakness that was still on me from my
wound, wracked me most to death. I
pleaded with the viscount to walk a while,
and even tried to pull down my horse, but
the viscount had him by the rein and so I
could make no headway in that manner.

  After a time I began to curse and yell, and
tax the viscount with torturing me pur-
posely. I was in a sad condition because
these fledglings, these chubby-faced boys,
had all had big feet and they had marched
and countermarched up and down my bones
with the precision of a regiment of grena-
diers, to say nothing of ringing all the hours
of the clock upon me with stools, mugs and
trenchers.

  Finally I could stand the pace no longer,
but simply let go and the motion of the
horse soon tumbled me into the road, where
I lay and hoped that I would soon die.

  The viscount rounded to without a word
and dismounted.

  “Is this the end of you?” he asked.

  “I do not care the half of a clipped far-
thing,” said I. “This is a soft road and a
not overly cold night, so leave me to die in
peace, and not to be cloven on that cursed
beast. I tell you I would rather ride the
wooden horse with a round dozen of muskets
tied to either ankle, than spend another in-
stant on that one there. Leave me! Begone!”
Now though he had half of my money, I
had a wadset against his estate for five
The Bold Dragoon

107

times the sum, so that I cared not the
slightest whether he stayed or went. In-
deed I hoped he would go, for he had
brought me nothing but ill luck and trouble
since we had left Hanau.

  The viscount straightened and looked all
around the country. We were crossing one
of those great lonely moors that there are
in this country , all sand and desolation, and
black night. There was no house nor hay-
rick nor any place to cover a man’s head,
but I had little care regarding it. The
ground was soft and I had my sword, and a
man does no t die of exposure at that season
of the year.

  “Listen,” said the viscount; “it is really I
that am in danger, and not you. Oh, curse
the day that «ver I first girted on sword! He
should" not have tried to make sport of me,

though, for I am a fearsome man! Oh !--

I should have but pinked him! Well, let’s
not waste time putting broken jugs to-
gether! Again, listen. We will go to Rot-
terdam and from thence take ship. I will
go ahead for I am the one they will seek; it
was I that slew him.

  “I will wait in Williamstadt for you. Go
to the sign of the Gaper in Kipstraat. It is
found easily enough, a Turk’s head, and in-
quire for me. I will wait, I promise you.
We will find time and trouble enough get-
ting a ship. Sleep here. You will be bet-
ter in the morning, I warrant you. You
will be much better in the morning.”

  This last he said as he was walking over
to his horse and then he mounted and was
gone. I dragged myself across the road and
into the sand, which was soft, and even
warm. Then I put my sword out of the
way, pillowed my head on my dragoon’s
valise, and thought to sleep. Now having
my ear to the ground, I could hear more
clearly than before, if any one should ap-
proach on horseback. So it was that I
heard the thumping of hoofs, many of them,
and I took hold of my sword, though I had
scarce strength to draw it.

  I thought then that these men, if they
pursued us, would press on after the vis-
count, and not see me, and so I decided
that I would* not make any move to show
them where I was, for I was a little weary of
bearing all the knocks while the viscount
got off with a whole skin. Therefore, I
stayed where I was and in a short time a
party of horsemen went by, black against
the black sky, shuffling the dust in clouds.

  It was quite dark, but having them
against the sky as I did, I could see that they
were not soldiers, both from their headdress
and their cloaks. They went clopping by,
six of them, three ahead and three following,
riding hard and steadily, though I could see
from the way their horses hung their heads,
and from the sound of their spurring, that
the beasts were tired.

  So they went by and paid me no heed,
which was not strange, seeing that they
would have no way of knowing I was there,
though plainly enough to be seen had they
thought to look. And after they were gone
I tried to think what was remarkable about
them, and where I had seen men like that
before.

  This manner of thought took my mind
from my bruises, and the soreness of them,
so I followed it for some time and it was
not until I was very near asleep that I re-
membered where I had seen those horse-
men. They were the six that had rescued
us from the patrol at Hanau. Of this I was
as sure as I was of my own name. I was
quite awake after that and could not get to
sleep for some time.

  Those men had said something about be-
ing eager to see my friend, by which I knew
they meant the viscount, and if they came
up on him they would get their chance.
However, I supposed that he would ride as
hard as they, and having both horses now,
could change from one to the other. If
they came up on him, let him look to his
neck, for he would no longer have me to be
his shield.

  When it was day and the sun shining in
my face, I got up, though I was so stiff that
I could barely stand. However, I must be
gone from this wild moor, for there was no
shade from the sun, nor any water, which I
lacked sorely, nor did I see anything in the
form of food. I set forth hobbling, but
after a time my bruises seemed to be less
painful and I could move with more dis-
patch.

  I expected that when I had come to the
far end of the moor that I would come in
sight of houses, ora town, or at least a farm,
but the far end receded, and the more 1
walked, the farther away it seemed. At
last it penetrated to my dull mind that the
edge of the moor did not recede, but that
the farther I walked, the more of the waste
I could see, and that the dismal solitude
might be a day’s journey in extent.
io8

(Adventure

  With this sad thought in mind I sat
down, and fanned myself with my hat, for it
was coming on to be hot. Now sitting down
stiffened me, so that when I started out
again, I was in as sorry case as before, and I
began to make up my mind that I was
going to die in the desolate waste and some-
thing in the back of my mind told me that
the viscount had known it when he had left
me there and taken my horse.

  Finally, when I was indeed ready to give
up and to lay down and die, I perceived a
high road in the distance and this, cheering
me, I pressed forward and at last came out
on it. Then I sat down by the roadside
until some conveyance should come along
that would take me to an inn. There went
by very soon a great wain, laden with hogs-
heads of spirits, and upon this I climbed, the
driver, who walked at his horses’ heads,
grinning at me the while. After a time he
dropped back and tried to converse with
me, but upon my shaking my head as a
sign that I had no understanding of his
language, he grinned once more and said
nothing after that, "but whistled to his
horses, and flung stones for his dog to chase.

wmnim AT SUNSET we came to the
walls of a city of considerable
jjjfPjK size. I have since learned that
wil this was Mechlin, although I did
not know it at the time. We went in and at
the first inn we went by, I jumped down,
waved my hand to the wagoner and went
in. There was a very heiferish maiden with
her hands full of mugs that bounced at me,
and I indicated by pointing my thumb down
my throat that I wanted something to
drink and by resting my cheek on my hands
that I wanted a bed. She nodded her head
and very shortly the man of the house ap-
peared and looked very darkly at me.

  “What’s the matter with you?” I de-
manded. “All that I wish is a bed and a
little supper and a mug of ale or beer or
what you have. There is no need for this
glaring.”

  Thereupon the man of the house ad-
dressed a few words to me that I understood,
of course, as well as he had understood
mine. He perceived after a while that I did
not know what he said, for he stopped and
looked helplessly about.

  “Look!” said I, and I went through the
motions of drinking, eating, and going to
sleep with my head on my hand.

  The man of the house nodded with un-
derstanding, then he took some copper coins
from his pocket and clinked them together.
Then he spun one on the table and putting
it in his eye, winked at me with the other.
From this I understood that he wished to
see the color of my money.

  “Oh, is that the trouble?” said I. “Well,
because a man is a little dusty and travel
worn, and his clothes a bit torn, is no sign
that he has no money. Here, how much do
you want?”

  I put my hand into the pocket of my coat
where I carried my money in a leather
pouch. The pocket was empty. The other
pocket was also. At this I took off my hat
and looked into it very foolishly. The hat
was broken and bent, where the cherubic
officers had beaten it about my ears, but
there was no money in it. After that I took
up my valise, which I wore about my should-
ers by a strap, and opened it. My two
shirts and other things were there safe
enough, but no money, and I knew very well
there was none there when I undid the
buckles.

  “Ha ha!” laughed the man of the house
and slapping his hand upon the board, he
turned his back upon me and went away.

  It is to be supposed that I walked out to
the street, but I do not remember doing so,
simply that one minute I sat in the inn, and
the next I found myself on the pavement,
wandering up the street. Here I was,
lame and sore, night coming on, in a strange
city, where I could not understand a word
of the language, and knew not a single soul,
and above and beyond and, moreover,
penniless.

  I had no doubt that I had been robbed.
The pockets of my coat buttoned with three
buttons and there was not the slightest
chance that the pouch had fallen out. There
was no hole in the pocket so that it had not
fallen through. No, I had been robbed, and
by some one who had had plenty of time
to do it, for he had buttoned the pocket
again. When had it been done. The day
before I had paid for our noon meal, so
that it must have been done between that
time and this. Either while 1 lay in the
midden, or while I lay on the moor.

  “Mmm,” thinks I, “my merry viscount
hath done this! The doctor said he was a
thief and a liar and so he is. I will wager
that he had my purse and trotted my horse
to make me ill and ready to fall off and stay
The Bold Dragoon

109

by the wayside, while he went on with both
horse and money."

  This was a disaster indeed, for I knew not
how far I was from the coast, and even if I
should win to it, and be able to get passage
to England on the strength of my discharge,
I would have no money when I landed, and
would starve to death while I was finding a
means of livelihood.

  “Some day,” thought I, “I will be upon
the track of this fine viscount, and if the
men that passed me on the moor have left
anything of him worth killing, I shall finish
him.”

  The first and most pressing need was for
me to find a place of refuge for the night. I
came after a time to a narrow court, with a
pile of casks under a shed, and I turned into
it to he down under the little cover that the
shed gave. However, as I went in, I per-
ceived an old woman regarding me very
angrily from a window in the building op-
posite, so I went on, for if I stayed in the
shed she might set the watch on me, for an
idler and a loiterer.

  This night, I think, was quite the saddest
one that I had spent for a long time, for I
was all alone and sick and sore, and very
bruised in spirit as well as body, to think
that a man whom I had trusted should do
me such a scurvy trick.

  After a time I found that my walking had
carried me into the central part of the city,
to the great square, off which were the
markets and in back of the markets a
great number of wains and carts. The
carters were sitting about and though some
of them looked curiously at me, the dark-
ness hid my tom and dusty clothes, and I
kept my sword under the skirt of my coat
and so they saw nothing strange about me.

  I would have lain down under any of the
carts, but there was so much mud that I
could not, so I climbed into one after awhile
and lay in the bottom and if the owner
objected, then let him try his luck at throw-
ing me out.

  “Thank Heaven,” said I, “I can sleep
this night, and then tomorrow will be an-
other day.”

  I breakfasted the next day on some tur-
nips that I managed to extract from a
basket and then I set out. By inquiring
of passersby, simply saying the word Wil-
liamstadt, which city was the one the vis-
count was to meet me at, I finally discovered
a man who had the sense to know what I

wanted. He pointed me out the road I was
to follow, which I did, and after crossing
the rest of the town, I came to a gate, and
set out upon the road that went north.

CHAPTER TV

OF AN UNCERTAIN VOYAGE

I WAS seven days upon the road. Some
of the time I rode, but most of the time
walked. The heat was the most horrible
that I have ever known, and at midday it
was so intense that a man must he down and
let its worst fury pass before he could go on
again. The first part of me journey was over
the same wild desolate moorland that I had
crossed the day after I had been robbed.
After a time, however, the country road
came into woods and then I made faster
progress, both because it was cooler and
because my hurts were healing.

  While I was upon the road I had much
leisure to think of my situation and I re-
membered that I had the viscount’s wadset
in my valise and I made up my mind that
when I came to Williamstadt I would sell it.
As for meeting the viscount there, I had as
much hope of that as a sutler of heaven.

  I came within sight of the city at sun-
down one day, but I had not the strength to
go on, so I lay down under a tree and put off
going forward until the next day. After I had
spent the night—and an unpleasant one it
was, for it was coming on to be cold—I shaved
and freshened my clothing as much as I could
and cleaned a spot or two of rust from the
Picinino in case I should have need of it.

  Then I set out, very hopeful to see the sea
at last, though I found out later that it was
yet some way off. I was more than passing
thin, for between what I could steal and
what I could beg, and what I had been able
to buy with a few pieces of money that I
had found in my fobs, I had had little
enough to eat.

  I was sore bewildered by the great amount
of water they have in that country, for the
latter part of the journey I had done noth-
ing but cross rivers, or arms of the sea, for
they smelled very salt, and there was yet
another one to get over before I could come
to Williamstadt. However, I passed it
over, giving my last coin to the ferryman,
who bit upon it, and turned up his nose,
but finally took it and so at last I was come
to Williamstadt and at the end as I hoped,
of my journey by land.
no

Adventure

    ,J I HAD devised, while I was
Sla^'lnfei trudging across the moors, that I
would go down to the docks when
I had come to Williamstadt and
find out some British skipper, and from him
get directions where the Kipstraat was, and
where I might find a money-changer that
would buy the wadset. To this skipper,
when he should be found, I also meant to
apply for passage to England, offering to
work my way and help in the handling of
the ship if it were necessary, though I knew
rather less of ships business than a cow of
musketry. However, let him find it out
when we were at sea, and I doubted not that
I could learn anyway.

  There were a great many boats and ships
and all manner of sailing craft tied to the
wharfs and lying in the river. I could tell
fairly well what country they were from by
their names. Those that bore saints’ names
I knew were not English and others had
jumbles of letters that were unintelligible
to me. I saw one named Martha and John,
but there was no one aboard her save a boy,
who replied with ribaldry when I asked
when the master would return.

  I came to the end of that part of the
wharfs and turned back again toward the
city, up what I thought was a way along a
river bank, I found, however, that this was
another arm of the harbor and that it
shortly turned again and there was a very
quiet basin, quite large, and reaching as far
as I could see.

  I halted to look about and saw just below
me a fat, strong looking craft, a fishing boat,
perhaps, for there was a great tangle of
nets in the bottom of her. The middle was
all open, but in the back part was a deck,
and the roof of a cabin, where the company
lived. There was a red-faced, hearty look-
ing man sitting on the cabin roof, smoking
a pipe, and looking up at the sky.

  He had every look to me of an English-
man and I was about to cry out to him, when
my eye lighted on the boat’s name, painted
on the bow. She was called the Wd Tev-
reden. I was singularly disappointed by
this, although I did not know why, and I
was turning away with a very heavy heart,
when the ruddy-faced man cried out to me.

  “Halloa!” he cried, “this be ship youm
lookin’ for!”

  “Is it though?” said I, astonished to hear
this man cry out in good old English tones.

  “Aye,” said he, nodding his head violently.

“I knowed un as soon as I see un with bun-
dle and great sword. Peter, lad, here’s one
come a reddy.”

  A shock head came out of a hole behind
the roof and a great flat face like a moon
looked at me.

  “I am looking for a passage to England,”
said I, doubtfully. “Do you think I could
get one on your ship?’

  “Aye,” they said, both laughing heartily.
“Come aboard.”

  I thereupon jumped down onto the deck
and shook the red-faced man by the hand.
It appeared that his name was Giles, and
that he owned the ship and that he had been
awaiting me for some time.

  “That can hardly be,” said I. “How do
you know I am the one you have been wait-
ing for?”

  At this question there was great grinning
and guffawing, and when the red-faced man
was able, he straightened up and then
touched the hilt of the Picinino. Thereat
he leered at me very wisely. Well, if he
felt that way, it was no business of mine,
and since he seemed to know what he was
about, I did not show him my discharge,
but inquired where there might be some one
who would give me some money for good
security.

  “I know un,” said Captain Giles. “Peter,
lad, show gentleman to Master Reddle-
field’s house.”

  Master Reddlefield lived hard by, for his
business was mostly among the seamen, I
judged, and when we were come into his
house which was all one place, half bed and
half counting chamber, he appeared in per-
son and asked me my pleasure.

  “I have here a note of hand, secured by a
wadset,” said I, “upon a Scottish estate.
Now I would like to know if some money
might be raised upon it.”

  “Let me see,” said Mr. Reddlefield.

  I thereupon tendered him the wadset.

  “I perceive,” said he, after a great deal of
squinting and pursing his lips, “that this is a
wadset upon the castle and lands of Drum-
cleaugh, for the sum of five hundred pound
Scots.* How did ye come by this?”

  “I loaned some money to a man and this
was his security.”

  “I doubt if ye can raise a penny on it this
side Channel,” said the man, pursing his
lips. “No, I know ye canna. Do ye know

   * The pound Scots was only worth a shilling of English
money.
The Bold Dragoon

hi

anything of this gentleman’s family, or
name, or his whereabouts now?”

  ‘No,” said I, “that I don’t. His name is
the Viscount of Barnet, and he told me that
he would meet me at the sign of the Gaper
in the Kipstrasse of Williamstadt, but I do
not know where it is.”

  Here the man Jem roared aloud, and
even the sour-faced Reddlefield cracked a
smile.

  “Man, yer two feet stand in the middle of
the place ye are looking for,” said he, and
taking me to the street, he showed me a
great Turk’s head aver the door.

  “Do you know anything of this man?”
“Something,” said he, going in again.
“He sailed for England this day week.”

After that I began to curse and to swear
and finally the sour-faced man called a halt.
“Hoots, toots,” said he, “ye’ll ha’ the

-amongst us if ye do not leave off such

awfu’ talk. What gars ye curse like that?”
“Because I have been fooled and cheated
and have walked all these weary miles and
have not a penny to my name.”

  “How is that?” asked he, putting his head
on one side.

  “Why, you said the wadset was worth-
less.”

  “On this side of the water. On this side
of the water. But now if ye wad like to
part with one of those bit jewels on your
finger, I might be your man.”

  But jewels on my finger! Ah, what a
fool! Here I had the two rings and had for-
gotten them entirely. Well, I had them off,
and after a deal of haggling, got ten pounds
for the two of them, and a little enough it
was. Then the sour-faced man, overjoyed
at his good fortune, I suppose, at getting
my rings so cheaply, sent a boy out for water
and fire, and brewed us some tea.

  When I exclaimed at that, Mr. Reddlefield
informed me that fire, that is to say red-
hot turf, and water, are sold in shops for
tea brewing, and that they can be bought
cheaper than “keeping a great red fire
blazing a’ through the hot weather.”

  When the tea was drunk, Mr. Reddle-
field began to rub his hands and mutter
about its being his busy day, so we took our
leave and went back again to the boat. I
ate a dinner of fish and then, feeling secure
and happy for the first time since I had dis-
covered my loss that I had been robbed,
and having upon me a most delicious lan-
guor, I asked Giles where I might lodge.

  “Why, here on deck, or on nets,” said he.
And when I exclaimed, he informed me
that there were no cabins aboard, the
voyage being so short, and that any passen-
ger who felt the need of sleep might he on
the nets, which were soft enough. So I
clambered down into the mid part of the ship
and lay down, and putting my old broken
hat over my face, went to sleep.

I MUST have been more weary
than I thought, for when I
awakened, the boat was heaving
under me and the fresh cold wind
from the sea blowing down into the boat.
On opening my eyes I perceived that the
great sail had been set and the wind blowing
against it was deflected into the bottom
part of the boat where I lay, and so strongly
as to near tear the hair from my head. I
got up, and with some difficulty clambered
up to the deck.

   It was quite dark, but there was a kind of
light from the sea and upon looking about
I could see that we were sailing out of the
river mouth and the shores were stretching
away on either hand.

  I turned from watching the low shc'e and
perceived that there were three men seated
on the roof of the cabin. I had thought
them to be Giles and his son, when I had
come up, but seeing three of them, and
closer at hand, I made out that they were
different persons. One of them rose and
came over to me.

   “Good evening, sir,” said he, very civilly.
“A pleasant night, though a little chill.”
“It is indeed,” said I, “for this season of
the year.”

  “There are some of us will be colder than
this before this business is dispatched.”
“Aye,” I muttered, not knowing in the
least what he meant.

  “But that is a small enough sacrifice,”
went on the other man, “if we can only
bring the wronged into their own again.”
Now as he talked, something of this man’s
tone struck a familiar note in my ear and I
was so diligently searching my brain to think
where I had heard it before that I lost Lrack
of what he was saying and could cnly
mutter, “That is true.”

  He must have perceived this, for he came
very close to me and looking me intently in
the face, said—

  “You understand me, of course?”

  “No, sir,” said I, “I do not—not a word.”
112

Adventure

  And at that moment I remembered him.
It was he who had spoken to me in the
doctor’s house and had been the leader of
the band that had fought with the patrol
before Frankfort. It seemed to me that he
recognized me also, for he fell back a step.

  “Ha! the dragoon!” said he. “William-
stadt hath become as popular a port of de-
parture as Ostend. First the viscount, and
now the dragoon.”

  The other two men now came and ranged
behind him and I, noticing them making
slight motions of their hands, bucked
forward my Picinino, so that it clanked very
loudly on the deck. At once their swords
whistled and I warrant you that mine was
out as soon as any.

  I perceived, though, that I was at a dis-
advantage, for I had nothing to my back
but the open well of the mid part of the
ship, which protected it well enough, for
they could not come at me by that way, but
if I so much as set back a foot to balance
myself, or to draw beyond reach of an eager
thrust, I would be overset and fall off the
deck, and so come to my end with a broken
neck. Nevertheless, I would let the blood
of one or two of them at least. Unfortu-
nately, at this moment, the man who had
been speaking stepped between us, his sword
still undrawn and his hands held palm
upward.

  “Gentleman,” said he very sternly, “let
no one forget his position here! It is I who
commands that swords be drawn and when
they shall be put away. There is no cause
for quarrel here. Put up, I say!”

  “What was she doing ratthng steel here
for?” muttered one of the men. “Hersel’
would rattle a few.”

  Now this man was a Highlander, I knew
by his speech and immediately I guessed
that these three were Jacobites and I was
considerably cast down, for the best I could
see out of it was a cut throat.

  “My good man,” began the leader, “put
up your sword. We are all friends here, I
trust, and there is not the slightest occasion
for naked steel. We are, as you perceive,
three, and I assure you we are not poor
swordsmen. Your name is Hugh Bancroft,
is it not, of Ligoniers?”

  I answered that it was.

“That, I believe, is the Seventh, and I
understand that that regiment belongs to
the Scottish establishment? Is that not so?”
“I do not know,” said I. “If there was

any such thing it must have been before I
was born.”

  “Umph!” said he. “Well, I was leading
up to ask you if you were not Scotch by
birth.”

  “Well, and what then?” I asked.

  “Simply this, that having been tossed out
of the army hke an old sack, and still being
young and full of life, and doubtless thirst-
ing for a career of arms, and being Scotch,
after all d’ye see, I know of an occupation
that would fit a man of your kidney.”

  Then he put his head upon one side like
a bird, and though it was too dark for me
to be sure, I was certain that he smiled
upon me.

  “Come,” said he, “why not?”

  “Well, I will tell you,” I replied. “First
off, I have been tossed out like an old sack,
as you have said. And having gotten well
out of one army, I am not like to get into
another one easily. I have seen that in my
short life that would sicken me of armies
all the rest of it, though I lived to be Me-
thuselah’s grandsire. Cursed and-and

maltreated at home by the very people we
protect, and robbed and starved abroad, and
our own officers stealing the clothes from our
back and the pay from our pockets.

  “So for a career of arms, I have had my
fill of it. And as for being Scotch, I was
born in Chillingham, and have little enough
of liking for anything Scotch. They are
rick burners and cattle lifters all, for all their
high sounding names.” So I went on, for
my blood was up and the other two grind-
ing their teeth. “And I will have none of
them. And as for this career that you
would tempt me with, I am a true subject of
King George, and were I not, I would
rather be the slave of a man that leads his
troops in battle and fights by his son’s side
in the van, than be the friend and com-
panion of one that hath not the heart of a
hare, but that skulks in Italy, like a dog
under a shed.”

  There was a space of silence then, in which
I could hear breath whistling. Then for-
ward steps a man.

  “My name,” said he, very painfully and
panting, as if he tore out each word by the
roots from his very heart, “is MacDonald, of
Clanranald. I give you the he in your
teeth.”

Thereupon the Highlander stepped up.
“Her name,” he began very calmly, “is
Dugald Vich—” something or other, what
The Bold Dragoon

113

it was I did not know, but something out-
landish, and sounding like a smith rasping a
hoof—“called Dugald of the Axe. Her
blood for the red-soldiers.”

  “You are spies and listeners and creepers
about,” said I, “and three to one, but I have

the right on my side. Be-to you and

all your beggarly kind.”

THE Highlander made such a
sweep at me then that he near
knocked my sword from my
hand, and as I parried a thrust
from the Ma’cDonald man, tried to run
under my sword and dirk me, so that I was
obliged to kick him in the face. Here the
third man began beating down our swords
and crying on us to stop, and Giles and his
son appearing with lanthorns and great
horse pistols, I began to despair of a suc-
cessful outcome of the fight.

  “Put up!” cried the third man. “Said I
not that there would be no fighting with this
man? Put up! Are ye all gone mad?
You, Dugald, a chief, would you peril your
cause on the chancy outcome of a brawl
with a common soldier? MacDonald, have
you no sight of the value of your hfe that
you throw it away on such a cast? And
you, my loyal booby of a dragoon, you
should have a better sense than to be insult-
ing the men that are taking you to England,
and that have more than once saved the hfe
of you. Put away your swords, I say; you
will have your belly full of fighting ere ever
we see Corry Arrack again. Now will ye
put up, or must I have Giles pistol the lot
of you?”

  They fell back sullenly enough, their
swords resting on the deck, and the High-
lander muttering in his own tongue.

  “I have had enough of Englishmen,” said
MacDonald sourly. “The viscount that
we thought would join us hath stolen our
papers, and this dragoon will probably be
the death of us if his throat is not cut.”
“That we will see about,” said the leader,
very bitterly. “Do you and Dugald Axe
go apart a way. A word with you, sir.”
And he led me to the opposite side of the
deck. Giles and his son, seeing us peace-
able, went off, being busy with the ship,
and the leader of the three men began to
whisper in my ear."

  “Before I say any more,” he began, “tell
me where you left your companion.”

  “Outside Brussels,” said I, “and I have

   8

not seen him since, though I would like
passing well to get my hands about his
throat.”

  “Ah,” said the other, rubbing his hands,
and looking at me very close, “and why
should that be?”

  “Because he hath robbed me, as I have
good reason to believe.”

  “Robbed you, say you? Tell us about it!
How did he do it? By stealth, I’ll promise
you, for your viscount is a stealthy
creature.”

  “Well, I am not sure that he did it, but
things point that way.”

  I then told him of the fight in the inn, and
of how I had discovered that I had been
robbed and of the weary way I had dragged
myself across the dunes, with money enough
in the jewel on my finger to have brought
me in a coach and six.

  “I doubt it,” said he; “there was no place
inland where you could have sold those
things. But your viscount, have you no
notion of where he went?”

  “No,” said I, “except that he took ship a
week ago and Mr. Reddlefield is the man
that speeded him.”

  “I knew that,” said the other man.

“Reddlefield would sell the-passage to

England, if he were paid enough.”

  “Does he own this vessel?”

  “No. This boat is owned by honest or
dishonest Giles, who doth business by
carrying the friends of the right party from
shore to shore, along with a bit of tobacco
and lace and a pipe or two of wine that
never sees the King’s Gagers. And Master
Reddlefield hath a hand in that, too, you
may be certain. He hath a good Scot’s
tongue and can speak French and Flemish,
and draws many a fat fish into his net.”
“When I came aboard,” said I, “the man
Giles said that he had been expecting me.
Do you know anything of that?”

  “None,” he replied, “except that Giles
had knowledge of us and saw you with a
Highland sword on your hip, and looking
very like the chief of a powerful clan or the
head of an ancient house, so ragged were you
and forlorn and fatigued withal. There
is many a poor man wanders about that
might have been sitting in his own hall, but
for that he danced a dance with the Earl of
Mar in the Fifteen.

  “But we coming upon the scene, Giles
perceived his error and pointing you out to
us, was for throwing you overboard, all
ii4

Adventure

sleeping as you were. But I objected for I
recognized you at once, both by your frame
and by your sword. ‘He is the man will
lead us to the viscount/ thought I, ‘and if
not, then a lusty recruit for the good cause,
a happy acquisition, for your fame has
been widespread in the army.”

  Now here the good man stubbed his toe,
for my fame had gone no farther than the
provost’s officers, with whom I have had
glory enough. Neither had he recognized
me before, as I well knew. However, he
could not see me laugh in the darkness.

  “How do you know,” said I, “that I will
not denounce you to the first king’s officer
we see after we land?”

  “Mark me,” said he, laying his head on
one side again. “It were peril of your
neck. For then, I should feel it my duty
to point out the man who slew an officer of
His Majesty’s horse in Bavaria, and another
one in Flanders. Aha! I pricked you
there, did I? And if I pointed out that the
man you did to death in the inn before
Brussels was cousin to my Lord Stair, what
would you give for your chances before a
court?”

  “It was not I that slew him, it was the
viscount!” I cried desperately.

  Thereat the Jacobite gave a dry chuckle.
“Who is to know that?” said he. “Can
it be proven?”

  My silence said that it could not and I
must own I was considerably cast down,
more so than I like to think upon, for I saw
that this sorry thing would overshadow me
all my life, that the officer of the patrol had
been slain and after him the captain of
horse in the inn in Flanders, and though I
had not struck a blow at either, I had been
present, and who was to know that I had
not done the killing?

  “Come,” said the man, “referring again
to the matter of a military career, “I must
tell you that I am for England, to go about
amongst men of some standing and see how
they lean toward a rising in favor of the old
party. What with the king’s espousing the
Hanoverian cause so roundly and the
cursed troops being quartered on every hon-
est man, and press gangs going about like
ravening wolves, I think we can get up a
little feeling.

 “Now I have here a wild Highland
cateran, fit more for the driving of cattle
than the accompaniment of a gentleman on
a delicate errand, and a hot-headed officer

of the Scots Brigade, who has not a thing in
his head but military terms and fighting,
and a reeking Scotch burr to his speech.
We have left our servants behind and you
and I, who speak good English of either
king, could go about together, and these
other two be our servants, and so have no
need of opening their mouths in public.”

  “I will have none of it,” said I. “I am
done with soldiering and as for your king,
I would not spit on him.”

  The Jacobite leaped halfway across the
deck and then leaped back again to my side.

  “I am a man of few words, my buck,” he
hissed. “You join us or you hang. I am
out two pound ten for your passage to En-
gland and I promise you that I will see you
lain by the heels, or else a Jacobite this time
tomorrow night!”

  Then with no further word he turned his
back on me and went to where his com-
panions sat on the cabin roof.

NOW here was a sorry coil. Un-
less I threw in my lot with these
Jacobites, they would have me
arrested and I might find myself
put to it to come free again. True, I
could come back at them by denouncing
them as spies, but that would be little help,
for there were many Jacobite sympathizers
in England then, and much more open about
it and brazen, too, than they were a year or
two later, after their cause had been lost.

  By this time we were coming out into the
open sea, where the strength of the waves
began to be felt, and the boat beginning to
heave and roll and wallow in the waves like
a sow, I fell ill, and went down and lay on
the nets, and was soon weary of my life.

  I comforted myself with the thought that
the voyage would not be long, and that my
sufferings would not endure after the morn-
ing, but in this I was wrong. There was
considerable force of wind blowing against
the boat, so that it was necessary to sail
now this way and now that, in order to beat
against it. The moon-faced man and Giles
sweated at the great sail and a third man
of the crew that I had not seen before called
out to them from the rear part of the boat
where he held the rudder, and between
times they ran back and forth across the
nets and trampled me grievously.

  Day came in a squall of rain, sweeping
across the hills of water like pikemen at a
charge with their pikes held straight up.
The Bold Dragoon^

115

The ocean came into the boat over the sides
and Giles set us all to bailing, throwing it
out again with pails and piggins, but we
were of little help, for the Jacobites, High-
land chief and all, were as sick as I was, and
could but lean against the boat’s side and
groan, and sometimes throw over a bucket
of water.

  I thought to see the boat’s company ap-
prehensive and afraid of the raging sea, but
they seemed to take it calmly enough and
smoked horrid, stinking pipes and swung
their legs from the deck when they were not
setting or taking in the sail.

  “Giles,” cried the leader of the Jacobites
at last, “will we ever come to land? Is[there
much danger? Tell me, for I am for taking
to my prayers if there is. I have much to
answer for and it will take me a little time.”

  Giles, however, being at sea, and master
of the ship, only laughed uproariously in
the man’s face and informed him finally
that there was a slight head wind, a mere
breeze, that would delay them only a little
while, and that they would come under the
land at sunset.

  So we spent a weary day, wet to the hide
with rain and salt water, and at last, as it
was falling dark, we perceived the coast
close at hand and in a short time drew into
a bay, or inlet, where the sail was let go,
and the boat allowed to drift. The rain
had stopped some time before, but it was
very dark by the time we came into the bay.

  Giles went into the forward part of the
boat, bearing with him a lantern in a cloak,
and this he uncovered twice in the direc-
tion of the shore, as I could see by the light
falling on the water and then disappearing.
At length, when he had done this several
times, far up the beach another light blinked
twice. Then the light went down along the
water side, like a falling star, only much
slower, as the man that carried it walked
down a path.

  When the light had gotten to the water’s
edge, it went out, but in a little while we
heard the beat of oars and there were two
boats under the side. There was some de-
bate between the leader of the Jacobites
and Giles as to whether the cargo should be
landed first, or the passengers, and there
was great argument. In the midst of this,
Jem, the moon-faced man, who was in the
after part of the boat, on the cabin roof,
gave a great cry.

  The bay ran up under the shore to a

river mouth, and we could see, some way
inland, a great fire, new kindled, that
blazed and leaped and swelled brighter and
brighter. Giles gave a cry and ran to the
other side of the boat. Ere he had reached
it, a second fire twinkled, farther up the
coast. Thereat Jem and Giles and the third
man at once began to hoist up the sail and
the men in the boat were shoving off, but
the leader of the spies called to them.

  “Hold!” he roared. “Put us ashore!
We have paid for a safe landing and ashore
we shall go, though all the beacons between
here and the Forth were ablaze.”

  “Jump down, then,” cried those in the
boat, and this we did, and each seized an oar.

  I was encumbered with my sword, but I
would not leave it behind, and though it
cracked my shins as I got into the boat, I
hung to it stoutly. All four of us were in
one boat and the other, being lighter, drew
ahead of us and got in to the shore first.
They ran in, and the wind being toward us,
we heard them leap out to lighten the boat
and splash ashore, and then, without sound
or cry, at once came a great clashing of
steel, and the crash of firearms.

  Sitting with our backs to the shore, we
could not see what was going forward, but
the men in our boat began to row the harder
and it turned slightly, as I saw by the mo-
tion of the man who steered, so as to come at
some other part of the beach. We bent to
it with a will, the oarsmen making no sound
but saving their breath for the work.

  Now a little of that labor went a long way
with me, for I was still weak from my
wound, and the wanderings in Flanders on
an empty stomach had not helped me any,
so that the sweat stood out on me and I for-
got my wet clothes in the pain of my arms
and back and when I was ready to give in
and could not even sit upright, the boat
seemed to leap in air and go forward with
tremendous speed.

  The man at the stern worked madly and
to my surprize the rowers backed water
with their oars, as if to check the speed.
Again the boat shot forward, there was a
great cry from ashore and a musket crack
very close at hand. The man who stood in
the stern fell down among all the rowers, the
boat leaped again, but this time the stern,
having no steering oar to hold it true, swung
about and the great sea that was carrying us
turned the boat around, there was a shout,
and we were all tumbled into the water.
Ii6

Adventure

  I went down once, drinking more water
than a fish would in a fortnight, and getting
a sad rap from an oar in the meantime. As
I floundered among oars and cloaks and bits
of gear, and tangled with my sword, and my
valise near to choking me, my hand fell upon
hard ground and I found that I was only in
knee-deep water. I got to my feet and had
scarce done so, when a great wave rushed in
and knocked me down again, but when it
had passed and I had drunk my fill again, I
found that I could stagger ashore beyond
reach of the water.

  There was a great hullabaloo up the
beach, of steel and shots, and men shouting
and as I lay panting I could hear men run-
ning through the water and pounding up
the beach toward the fight. When I had
got my breath, I got to my feet and put my
sword where I could get at it.

  “This is none of my fight,” thinks I,
“but a snarl of gagers and coast guards and
smugglers. But here I am in England
again and my troubles at an end.”

  The fight was working away from me and
it did not appear to me that I should engage
in it. I remembered that there was a path
through the marsh here, where the man
with the lanthorn had come down, and I set
out to find it, the water squelching in my
boots, and running from me in streams. I
would never have found the path, but that
some men ran by me and I heard their feet
over the stones, and then going farther and
farther away from me, so I turned about
and going over that way, found the path
and followed it very carefully through a
marsh to dry land.

WHEN I had come out upon the
moor, I was astonished to see
beacons blazing all along the sky,
four or five of them, and more
that could not be seen, though their light
burned against the clouds. The wind
brought to me a clamor of bells, ringing and
ringing, such as would hardly be if the
French had invaded us.

  I began to be afraid at this, for if the
country were up at our landing it was only a
matter of time before we should be laid by
the heels, but I comforted myself with the
thought that I was an honest soldier, that I
had my discharge in my pocket, if it were
not ruined with sea water, and that my con-
science was clear.

  While I was thinking this I came to a

crossroad and, as I thought which to follow,
a crowd of people came around a turn, and
seeing me standing there, seized my arm
and dragged me along with them. They
were armed with guns and swords and
scythes, and hedge bills, and a kind of pike,
made of a sickle on a long pole, and as they
hurried along they brandished these in air,
and the bells clamored and the fire from the
distant beacons glinted on the gun barrels
and showed me their set faces.

  “Come with us,” cried those who held
me. “We’ll show ’e the way Peter Stiles
has been pressed! Got un in Justice Daw-

ley’s house! We’ll show they-lobster-

backs! Peter Stiles, that keeps the Danes-
Head and draws better ale than any man in
Norfolk! We’ll show un!”

  We hurried along and coming down a little
slope, saw below us a dense mass of black-
ness that wiggled and moved and showed
itself to be a crowd of men.

  “Soldiers!” cried a man with us, and the
men below us raised a deep shout and
opened fire.

  “If those be soldiers,” thinks I, “they

are - poorly drilled, for their fire was

as ragged as my coat.”

  The party that I was with fell back into
the fields again and were at a loss what to
do. Some cried to go around the other
way by the Newmarket road, and others
shouted to go across the fields and cross the
stream lower down, by which I gathered
that the soldiers held a bridge. There
came up at this moment a man and plucked
me by the sleeve.

  “Are you a citizen of these parts?” asked
he.

  “No, I am not,” I answered. “I was go-
ing by about my business and these good
people prevailed upon me to accompany
them in this folly, though I have not the
slightest idea of what it is about.”

  “I thought by your look that you were
perhaps a stranger, and by your wet clothes
I perceive you have been lately upon the
beach. Have no fear, I am a man that
minds his own affairs. But a word in your
ear: These yokels, these chaw-bacons, these
apple-shakers, are like to put themselves in
a fair way to be all hanged.”

  “How so?”

  “Why, marry, in this manner: An officer
and a corporal in the town, being sorely
tried that they could find no recruits, and
wishing themselves well away, proceeded
The Bold Dragoon

117

to get good Peter Stiles, who keeps the
Danes-Head Inn, most very high gravel,
well-deep drunk, and on his own ale.
Thereat he was taken before Justice
Dawley and enlisted as a private. His
wife, wailing and crying, rushed about the
town and squawled that her man had been
stolen, and in a short time people having
run out to the farms and outlying villages,
the beacons were kindled and half the
county up to rescue Peter.”

  “Well, this is no chestnut for me to burn
myself dragging out of the fire,” said I,
“and at the first opportunity I must take
French leave of them and be on my own way
as fast as may be.”

  “Softly,” said the other man, “softly. I
am the squire and hold some measure of
authority under the king here. It becomes
my duty to put down this mob. Now if I
were to address them here, it would prob-
ably result in a cut throat for me, and the
riot go on just the same. But if I had a man
to assist me, though he were a deserter from
the army, a French spy, or a Jacobite rogue,
and newly landed, I would give him such
a safe conduct as would take him into the
very court of the king without let or hin-
drance.”

  “And if he did not—” said I.

  “Ah! England is a small country and I
promise you that the soldiers will be here
shortly from Languard Fort, only too eager
to hang a man such as I have described. In-
deed, I have sent for them this hour agone.”
“Do you have any idea what regiment the
recruiters are from?”

  “None, save that they are dragoons and
lately from Germany.”

  “Well, if they are dragoons,” said I, “I am
with you heart and hand to give these boys
a chance out of their predicament. How-
ever, there doth not seem to be much need
of us, if there are soldiers at the bridge be-
low us.”

  “They are not,” said the man contemptu-
ously. “They are another party of drunken
yokels like these about us.”

  Here some hothead cried out that we
should charge the men about the bridge, who
having fired at us again, would have their
pieces empty and at that the whole crowd
of them rush down the hill, the squire and
I well behind them, you may be sure. The
two parties met on the bridge and there was
a wild howl and a brave rapping of skulls,
and very soon howls of a different note.

  The party on the bridge seemed to flee,
and ours was pushed ahead after a few exult-
ant cries, and crossed the bridge. They
climbed up the other side and my com-
panion and I were on the bridge, when
there was another shout and a view halloo,
and cries of “hark away!” and back rushed
upon us the men who had crossed the bridge,
pursued by the hostile party.

  The railing of the bridge gave way, such
was the press upon it, and I, being caught
on the bridge, and having my arm around
the neck of a man who had been trying to
reap my head from my shoulders with a
hedge bill, went over into the water, where
he let go soon enough.

  The water was shallow, being only a
brook, but so many fell in, and pawed about
in the blackness and splashed, and shouted,
and got up and fell down, that they were
soon all as wet as I. By this time the bacon-
chawers had begun to discover their mis-
take and that they were fighting not sol-
diers, but each other. This seemed to spur
them to redoubled efforts. “I be as good a
man as you, Joe Cobbles!” panted one near
me that wrestled and fell from brook to
shore and back again.

  “You be too brash for a Yarmouth man!”
cried another, and smote his antagonist in
the midst of his face. I got out of the brook
and back on the road again, and looked
about for the squire or justice or whatever
he was, but saw no sign of him, so I pro-
ceeded up the hill and across the next field
toward the cluster of houses that were out-
lines against a fire and from whence came a
clamor of bells and much shouting.

IN THE village there was a shift-
ing mob drawn up about a fire
kindled in the street. Men kept
coming in continually from the
country armed in the same fashion as those
I had met earlier in the evening. Women
were standing on the outskirts, or tugging
at some man’s arm, and the small boys of
the place swarmed about, shrieking.

  I gathered from the talk that the officers
had defended themselves in a house that
was a little apart, and that the people were
waiting for reinforcements from the sur-
rounding towns ere they made their attack.
I went down the street a short distance to a
corner, where eight or ten men, all armed
with guns, stood guard, and was shown the
house.
n8

Adventure

  It was a little larger than the rest and the
windows all shuttered. There was a.dark
lump in the road before it that looked like a
man’s body, and from the looks and speech
of the men on guard, I could see that they
had little stomach for making the attack.
As for me, I wondered who was making the
house good, and if they were soldiers that I
knew, and what regiment they were from.
It was ill that former comrades of mine
should be run to earth by such poor things
as these countrymen, but unless more
troops arrived, or help came from some
other quarter, I could not see how they
would come free.

  As I went sadly back I perceived my
squire standing just outside the first light,
and so I went over to him.

  “This is worse than ever,” said he, per-
ceiving me. “They have gotten the man’s
wife out, and she is to harangue the crowd,
and broach a cask of ale, and when they
have all gotten drunk, they will attack the
house. What folly is it that made these
soldiers do such a thing? Do they set a
recruit above their lives?”

  “No,” I replied, “but the cost of raising
these recruits is so high and they run away
so fast after they are raised, that many a
man has been ruined by being sent on re-
cruiting duty. He must pay the parish
officer for the recruit’s feeding, although the
parish is given money for that purpose by
the state, and he must get him to his regi-
ment, and what with this and that, a re-
cruit is sometimes worth nine or ten pounds
by the time he joins.

  “Supposing that an officer has gotten
three or four recruits and paid their sub-
sistence money, and given them their shill-
ing, and dragged them about with him and
they have run away in the end, he is very
like to be desperate, and driven to any end
to get others, even to getting the landlord
of the inn where he lodges drunk and en-
listing him.”

  “He is like to pay dearer for that re-
cruit than for any other,” observed the
squire. “Look there.”

  Some men had rolled out a cask into the
square and unheaded it with a mattock.
Thereat the company eagerly pressed for-
ward, so that each might have a drink at
the expense of the man they were going to
save. A woman, who I judged was his
wife, handed it out in jack and can and
harangued them bitterly the while. They

jostled and shoved and spilled the ale on
each other and I began to see that this was
like to fall into a drunken carouse.

  “Yell, and shout, and get drunk, I sup-
pose,” said I, “and when they have got
their courage up, attack the house. There
is always some thirsty soul at times like this
that suggests liquor be brought out.”

  “It was my thought,” said the squire. “I
was the man who suggested it.”

  “You?”

  “Indeed me. For when they get drunk
they will attack and if a friend of the officers
has already been in and told them of the
plan, they may then escape, and mingle
with the crowd and, so get safely away.
The country people will be drunk and the
night dark and the fight they began at the
bridge will be continued here. There is
already considerable bad blood on account
of it and each side accuses the other of hav-
ing begun it. Look now! Here comes the
picket they posted at the street end. Now
is the time.”

  The men who had been watching the
house hurried by. They had left one of
their number on watch, but he kept casting
longing looks at the crowd about the cask
and paid little heed to the house. So then,
by going a roundabout way, through the
fields, I was able to come into the yard,
where I fell over some hen-bawks, and so to
the door of the house, where a very stern
voice ordered me to halt.

  “Friend,” said I. “A dragoon of Ligo-
niers.”

  “Come in,” said the man cheerily enough,
and I heard him unchaining the door. I
went in, into a house as dark as a pocket,
and had a pistol shoved into my face while
I was questioned on the army a bit. When
I was done answering, the other man gave
a great laugh and clapped me on the shoul-
der.

  “ ’Tis Hugh Bancroft!” he cried. “Ha-ha,
I heard you were dead and gone! And so
you will help us make the house good against
the mob? Hark to their howling!”

  He peered out of the back window and
then returned to me.

  “Come in to the citadel,” he exclaimed,
and going to the fireplace, took a candle out
from under a bucket and led me into the
front part of the house.

  Then he turned and I recognized my old
comrade, Dashbaugh.

  “Enough!” cried some one, “slay no
The Bold Dragoon

119

fatted calves here! There is sober work.
To your post, corporal!”

  “My old comrade, Hugh Bancroft, the
hero of Dettingen, Lieutenant Napier,”
said Dashbaugh. “Have a pistol, Hugh.
I must to my watch again.”

  He pointed to the table, where were laid
out a sword, a fowling piece and a brace of
dueling pistols. Both he and the lieuten-
ant had a brace of horse pistols and there
was a little store of powder and bullets at
hand. Then Dashbaugh was gone.

  When my eyes became yet more accus-
tomed to the darkness, I saw a man sitting
by the table, his head in his hands. At first I
thought this was the landlord, but I per-
ceived another man on the floor, smelling
most outrageously of strong waters, and
breathing heavily, and I changed my mind.
The man at the table was probably the
owner of the house in a great fright.

  “Lieutenant,” I began, “I was sent in by
the squire here and he hath done his best to
get the mob drunk, so that when they at-
tack, they will most likely make a sorry
mess of it and in the confusion you and
Dashbaugh may get safely away.”

  “I would rather stay and make the house
good,” said he.

  “I think it doubtful if it can be done. I
perceive that the ammunition is low here
and there are a great many outside, and
more coming in all the time. Troops have
been sent for and they may possibly get here
before the mob attacks.”

  “I doubt it much,” said he. “They must
come from either the Languard Fort or
from Yarmouth, both of which places are
somewhat far distant. Moreover, we have
this recruit who is more than stiff drunk and
I like not to have to carry him. Hark!

•-, they come on! Look to the window!”

  The faint hurly-burly of cries about the
keg had ceased and instead was a low, angry
muttering, unpleasant to hear, and worse to
think upon. Light began to glimmer
through the shutters and on peering out, I
could see the crowd turning the corner,
bearing torches and crying to each other to
come on.

  My friend, the squire, must have mis-
judged the temper of the mob, for they had
not waited very long by the keg. I caught
up a pistol from the table and took my stand
at the window. We heard no word from
Dashbaugh and so decided that his part of
the house was unassailed. The mob came

on, a man in front with a gun cheering them,
and as they came up to the door, without
preliminary, the lieutenant discharged his
pistol and the man in front fell down into
the dust. Those in front halted in con-
fusion, but were pushed along by their
friends in rear, so turned very nimbly in
among the houses on the opposite side of
the street.

        AT THAT minute up blazed up
a very great light and we heard
the crash of Dashbaugh’s pistols.
^ . I skipped out to the back and
found that a hay rick in the yard had been
fired and that we were taken in rear by a
party who had come across the fields and
who were firing very heavily by the light of
the rick. The shutters were not overstrong
and balls came through them, so that it was
very dangerous to be there in that part of
the house.

  There came now another howl from the
men in front of the house, which we paid no
attention to unless the lieutenant should
call for aid, but continued to fire at any
that showed themselves on our side. The
attackers now began to howl in good earnest
and their fowling pieces and muskets banged
away in grand style.

  “Hold a minute!” shouted Dashbaugh in
my ear. “There is some one trying to pry
the shutter on the dark side of the house.”

  We stepped that way and sure enough
there was a rapping and a prying at the
shutter.

  “Dup,” said Dashbaugh, meaning open
it, “while I stave in his brains.”

  I cautiously undid the fastenings and of
a sudden threw open the shutter. There
was a man there and I was just in time to
prevent Dashbaugh from putting steel into
him.

  “Here! The man is a friend!” I cried, for
I could tell that it was my squire. “What

now?”

 “Unhand me!” bellowed Dashbaugh,
“Let me split him! Unhand me or else get
to the window yourself!”

  “Let me in!” pleaded the squire, so I gave
him a hand and he vaulted over the low sill.
“I did my best,” said he, “but they would

brook no delay. The woman is a-. She

gave them enough to make them ugly and
then urged them on, but they would have
more ale first, whereat she overset the keg
and so it was all at an end. They have
120

Adventure

come down in two parties, one to take you
in the rear and the other in front.”

  “We know that already,” said I. “Hear
the shooting? We are neither deaf nor
blind.”

  “Ha-ha!” he cried, “this is the richest yet.
The fools that came first fired mightily and
those coming up in the rear of the house per-
force received some of the bullets. Then
certain of them, remembering the fight at
the bridge and having but ill will toward
those who live up Yarmouth way, returned
the fire, calling out treachery, so that they
now fight each other across the house. Do
your companions take off their uniforms and
wait until the rick dies out and then run and
all will yet be well.”

  “I say, Corporal,” cried the lieutenant,
coming out from the front part of the house,
“they are fighting amongst themselves! Here
is a chance for a sally!”

  “That is just what the squire has said,”
I told them. “There is a press there and
if you can find coats to cover your uniforms,
then now is the time to be gone, for the
rick will burn out and all will be dark in a
minute or two and no one know who is
friend or foe.”

  “But our recruit is drunk as David’s
sow,” said the officer, “and without a re-
cruit I will not stir a foot.”

  This was a sad state of affairs and we
could think of no way out. Dashbaugh
peeked from his window again and reported
the enemy still out of sight across the yard.
The officer went to the front part of the
house and then returned.

  “Now is the time surely!” said he, “the
fire is dying out. If only we had not got
the good landlord so drunk!”

  At this the squire stepped forward and
whispered in the officer’s ear.

  “Good!” cried the lieutenant. “Good!
A candle here, Corporal.”

  A candle was brought and by its light the
two explored the press that stood against
the wall. They had out of it two great-
coats, and I, who was very wet and also
cold, despite the excitement, helped myself
to a dry coat and a hat that would replace
the one I had lost in coming ashore, and
both fitted me tolerably well.

The officer and Dashbaugh, calling out to
me to have an eye to the window, went into
the front part, where I could hear them con-
versing with the man who sat by the table.
“I would ask you to remember,” said the

squire softly to me, and looking over his
shoulder, “that when you come among your
friends of the right party, that you will re-
member that it was I who sent off the coast
guard to get the troops, and so your land-
ing was not opposed by more than a handful.
They have been awaiting it this last week.
And the traitor that betrayed the time and
the place and the fact of your coming was a
beggarly Scotch viscount, I should not say
beggarly for he had money enough, but he
gave the information. Barnet is his name
and I would ask you to give news of the mat-
ter wherever you go. We are not. as strong
in these parts as I would wish, else I would
have had his throat cut.”

  “So he has been here, has he? I would
like to get hands on him. I have a word or
two to say to that viscount myself. Where
did he go? Have you any idea?”

  “None whatever. He went away very
secretly by night.”

  Crash! The house shook.

  “They are at the door!” gasped the squire.
The fire had died down quicker than we
thought and I had been so interested in
what the squire was saying that I had paid
no heed to the window. Another crash.
Dashbaugh and the officer began to fire
again. The front of the house was being
attacked too. Then every shutter was as-
sailed, there was a tremendous lot of noise,
and seeing the door giving way, I drew my
sword and upsetting the table across the
way that they would come, prepared to give
them some real hospitality. The two from
the front of the house ceased firing and there
was great scuttling about. A hand seized
my sword arm.

  “Put up that thing,” cried the squire.
“Fooll Into the press. Do you think you
are Horatius? Into the press!”

  Now his words having some sense—in
truth I was not very eager to have those
misguided people make chaff of me—I
turned and nipped into the press, where we
had no sooner got and shut the door, than
the door of the house broke in with a great
clatter, and the shouting mob poured in.

  They dashed through the room and run-
ning to the front of the house found the
landlord upon the floor and lifted him up
and made great noise, and more coming in
through both door and window, the press
was nearly crushed in by the throng. The
other party entering by the front door,
which had been unbarred, they all began to
The Bold Dragoon

121

shout and crowd to the front part of the
house, and the squire pinching my arm, we
made shift to quietly open the door and go
out.

  The crowd flowing back into the rear part
of the house, a cry was raised to find out the
lobsters, the bloody-minded soldiery, and
worse, so that they might be killed out of
hand. Tables and chairs were overset, the
press cast down, and men shouted them-
selves hoarse, but the soldiers were not to be
found. I was carried apart from the squire
and did not see him for a minute or two,
when I beheld, by the light of a smoking
torch, four men in a group by the window,
and the next instant gone, so I believed
them all to have got safe away.

  “To the garret!” I called, thinking to
raise a diversion. “We have not looked in
the garret!”

  “To the garret!” they all roared, and
straightway leaped upon the ladder, but
there were so many and the weight so great,
that the ladder broke and cast them all to
earth again. Then some of the wilder
spirits raised a cry to smoke them out and
going out into the street, began to throw
torches on the roof.

  Thereupon we all poured into the street
again and this being a good time for me to
depart, I did so, and was not hindered by
any one, save a man on the ouskirts of the
crowd who reached to stop me, but I smote
him among his teeth and while he made
moan, was gone.

          I WAS forced to walk in the fields
and to skulk under the hedgerows
from time to time, for people were
mmmmaU hurrying in the direction of the
tumult and the fire, but they did not see me,
so careful was I, and thinking that I could
do no better than to put as much distance
between myself and that ill-omened place as
I could, I walked the greater part of the night
at a good round pace and when the morning
began to appear, graying along the moors,
and the birds to twitter and the cocks crow
lustily, I crept under a rick, and putting my
valise under my head, proceeded to sleep,
which I did until late in the day.

  When I awakened it was well into the
afternoon. I thought best then to call a
council of war with myself and to see what
should be done now that I was in England.
Firstly, I drew the Picinino, and scrubbed
it well with sand and a bit of stone, and so

cleaned the rust from the blade. My
breeches were in a sad condition, but they
must do and at least covered me. The coat
and hat that I had come by out of the press
were not new, but they were better than
those I had left and if I were not hunted for
the theft of them, I might do very well with
them.

  The fight on the beach had given me the
chance to get away from the spies and to
need have little apprehension at coming
upon them again. The riot had been a
means of aid to us, for the coast guard being
sent after troops, had not responded to the
firing of the beacon and perhaps that had
been the saving of all our lives, for the vis-
count having given news of our coming,
they had probably mustered in force.

  Well, then, having arrived safely, and hav-
ing my small store of money yet untouched,
what should I do? Go home to my own
country in the north, or go down to Lon-
don and see what fortune awaited me there?

  After a great deal of thought I decided
that I would go to London. I had no trade,
but a great willingness to learn one, and if
worse came to worse, then I might take ship
for the colonies in America. I had thought
of going up toward the north country, and
seeing what I might do by way of selling
the wadset, but I found upon examination
that it was quite destroyed.

  My discharge and a letter or two I had
in my valise, wrapped in my extra shirts and
the whole bound securely to my shoulder by
the straps that had suspended it from my
saddle, but the wadset I had put in my
pocket after leaving Mr. Reddlefield’s, and
so the sea water had utterly ruined it. This
was not a great loss, for I had begun to have
little faith in its value.

  So then, I would go to London, and there-
upon I set out and walking sturdily, came
at last to a town and an inn, where I lodged
for the night. The talk in the common
room was all of the mob and of the ill feeling
that had arisen between the two counties
of Norfolk and Suffolk on account of the riot,
each county claiming that the other had
taken sides against it.

  They also talked of the great amount of
shooting done by the besieged officers, by
which I understood that perhaps after all
the mob did not know that when it had its
two parties attack the front and rear of
the house, that each party had been firing
on the other.
122

Adventure

  I set out again the next day, sometimes
walking, sometimes riding in a farmer’s cart,
and passing the time of day with every one.
They were all very eager for news, talking
with the good old Suffolk whine, but not of
the riot, that rumor not having reached this
far, but of French agents that had been
landed a day or two before, that had escaped
into the Broads beyond Yarmouth and that
expresses had been through the country
warning the people about it.

  I was much alarmed at this. If the three
Jacobites had gotten away scotfree, it boded
no good luck for me, and if it were found
that I had come to England in their com-
pany, I might have a hard time to pass such
a thing off.

  On the afternoon of the fourth day ashore,
when I had been by way of Tivetshall,
Haughley, and Bury St. Edmunds, I came
out upon the highroad to London, and as I
sat down to breathe, the coach from the
north country came toiling along, it being
up-hill at that point. On the back of this
coach was a great shelf, with a sail cloth over
it, filled with bales and barrels, and called
from the sound it made on the way, the
‘ ‘rumble-tumble. ’ ’

  A man might ride on this for a small price,
and so as the coach passed, I went out and
climbed in, thinking to make my peace with
the coachman at the next stage. It was a
cool day., the weather drawing on into the
autumn, but the back of the coach was hot,
being in the sun as it was, and I something
fatigued with my hard walking, having done
upward of seventy miles since I had come
ashore. So pillowing my head upon a bale
of woolens going down to some London
merchant, I fell asleep.

CHAPTER V

OF A HIGHWAYMAN AND HIS VICTIMS

I WAS awakened by the stopping of the
coach. The jar of the halt, and the ex-
cited stamping of the horses put an end
to what little sleep there was about me and
I prepared to get down and shake the stiff-
ness from my legs. When I descended, I
found not the hurry and bustle of the inn-
yard, rushing stable boys, the glare of links,
and a cheery fight from the hospitably
opened door, but the quiet of a forbidding
dingle, already dark, from which the road
squirmed out across the heath, like a snake
from its hole, reddened by the setting sun.

  In astonishment I turned my face the
other way, toward the front end of the
coach and there beheld the cause of our
stoppage. Just visible in the gloom, and
crosswise of the leaders’ heads, was a silent
horseman, so placed across the road that it
was impossible to pass him.

  “Ha!” thinks I, “here is no place for me.”
So I nipped into the ditch and sat me
down in the brush, where I could see all
that took place and yet not discover myself.
To my disgust I had left my sword in the
rumble-tumble, having unhung it when I
essayed to sleep, but I still had a pistol
which I had taken from the house about me
in case of need.

  There was a long moment of silence, dur-
ing which the horses shied and stamped and
the harness clanked, and the coachman
cried—

  “Wo-ho! Dang ’e, wo-ho!”

  The silent horseman sat unmoved, nor
did he say aught even after the coach horses
were quiet. Mayhap he waited to bolster
up his courage a bit.

  “Weel?” cried the coachman at last.
“Well,” replied the horseman. “You
know what I am after well enough, and
what I shall have, too.”

  “Aye,” replied the coachman. “I know.
A rope aboot thy dirty neck.”

  This spurred the horseman both to action
and speech, for he began to curse and swear,
but it was easy to see that he was not accus-
tomed to the art, for his words tripped on
themselves and he repeated them overmuch.

  “Light down! Light down!” he cried,
waving a great dragoon’s pistol at those on
the coach roof and then he tried to make his
horse come up to the coach.

  The coachman pounded lustily with his
feet upon the boot.

  “Cam oot, cam oot,” he bawled. “ ’Ere’s
summun to speak to ’e.”

  There was a deal of sleepy stirring from
the interior, then a head popped from a
window directly into the face of the horse-
man’s nervous steed.

  “Robbers!” cried the head, with a lung-
top voice, the horse shied violently and the
rider’s pistol was discharged in air with a
tremendous bang.

  “At him!” roared a voice from the in-
terior of the coach. “At him, while his
pistol is empty!”

  At the same time the coach door flew open
and a man leaped out and flung himself at
The Bold Dragoon

123

the horseman. Too late. The horseman
had gotten his steed in hand again and
shouting blasphemy at the height of his
lungs, he smote down with his pistol barrel
on his attacker’s head and struck him to
earth. Then he plucked another pistol
from his saddle pocket, dismounted, thrust
his arm through the reins and threatened
the next that waggled eyebrow with in-
stant death.

  “Now then?” he cried, “deliver purse or
life. I care not which!” And then he had
another peg of lewd oaths to steady his
nerves.

  Here was no knight of the road, no Dick
Turpin or Jack Sheppard, but some poor
wretch seeking to retrieve his losses in
trade or at the gaming table, by robbing
travelers, and a very sorry job he was
making of it.

 j^ THERE were lined against the
coach body two poor countrymen,
who had ridden on the roof, a
man who looked to be a merchant
and who was the man who had shrieked
through the window. This last and the
man who had been felled by the highway-
man had ridden inside.

  A slim enough bag, indeed, but these
were parlous times in England. The roads
were poor, coaches were slow, and the roads
infested with thieves and robbers. More-
over, I had begun to hear that the High-
lands were up again on behalf of the young
Stuart, and there was talk on every hand
of an invasion by the French who, since the
battle of Dettingen, had borne us no good
will. Consequently few stirred from their
homes except in dire necessity and then
they went with their lives in their hands
and their hearts at their teeth.

  The two countrymen, being on the end
of the line, had first attention.

  “Horn snuff boxes!” cried the highway-
man, “and a few farthings. Come, -

boots, you have more than this about you,

-your eyes. Crush me for a worm, but

I’ll have your-heart out of you! What

was to pay the night’s shot? Out with it!”

  The poor farmer produced at this out-
burst the little store that he had brought to
defray the expenses of the journey, hardly
more than a crown or two, and the highway-
man pouched it with more empty swearing.
The second man had none, being a depen-
dent of the other countryman. The third

man was the merchant and I could hear his
panting breath as the horseman stood be-
fore him.

  “Take heed what you do,” cried the mer-
chant, “for I would have you know that I
am a magistrate and can give you in ward.
Ho there,” he panted. “I call upon all
loyal subjects of King George, God bless
him, to gather and give aid, that this male-
factor may be apprehended.”

  Here the merchant stopped for want of
breath and the robber, who had been rant-
ing and raging all this time, was silent for
the same reason. None of the loyal sub-
jects within hearing seemed inclined to
give aid and the robber proceeded to jerk
the merchant’s watch from his fob, the pin
from his ruffle, and the wig from his head.

  “Where is thy gold, old hides and wool?”
he demanded, nudging the merchant in the
ribs with his pistol.

  “Indeed I am a poor man,” gasped the
merchant. “I have no money upon me.
I was to meet an express at the next inn—
you have all that I own. Ho! all loyal

subjects-”

  Here the highwayman thrust forth his
foot and very dexterously swept his victim’s
feet from under him and so laid him upon
the flat of his back.

  “A hand here,” said the robber, motioning
to the two bumpkins. “Have off the worthy
magistrate’s boots. I doubt me not that
they are full ofi gold, [blast them and con-
demn them and-his lights and liver.”

  The two, nothing loath, probably, to
assist in plucking a rich man and to see one
of their betters brought low, stepped for-
ward and dragged off the merchants’s
boots, the while he cried aloud in a most
awful maimer, like a pig being stuck.

  “Aha,” cried the robber. “I thought so.
Why, that trick is as old as Adam!” And
I heard the soft chink of gold. “Now
then,” he continued, “be off. Pack! Move!
Remember Lot’s wife and look not back,
blast your limbs.”

  The countrymen scrambled hastily upon
the roof and the merchant as rapidly got
himself up the steps and into the coach,
where his boots were cast about his ears by
the robber.

  “Be off, coachie,” cried the horseman.
“D’y hear? Be off!”

  “Aye,” cried the coachman. “I hear ’e.
Let’s know when youm goa to be hanged
and we’ll ahl coom an’ gie ’e a hond.”
124

Adventure

  Then he shouted to his horses and the
coach creaked off into the gathering night.

  A fine job indeed; one that a child with a
wooden gun could have done better. No
attention to what the interior of the coach
or the fore or hind boot contained. Just
a hurried search of the three passengers,
amid a stream of curses, and the thing
was over.

  The man that had been felled by the robber
at the beginning of the affair still lay un-
noticed in the road and apparently the
robber had forgotten him. This was cer-
tainly a piece of folly, for he was probably
the fattest bird of the lot.

  Several times I was on the point of rising
from where I crouched in the ditch and
putting an end to all, but the robber still
had a pistol and was without doubt very
nervous upon the trigger thereof, so I
deemed it best to bide my time. The man
was beside himself with fear and a frightened
roan is not one to trifle with.

  When the coach had disappeared, but
could still be heard groaning and creaking
down the road, the highwayman drew what
appeared to be a small sack from his pocket
and began putting away his booty. There
was a clash as the watch and seals went in
and then the chink, chink, chink of dropping
gold and the man’s whispering as he told the
pieces.

  Still holding the bag, he drew up on his
reins and brought his horse near, so that he
might mount again. He thrust his pistol
into the saddle pocket, seized a lock of the
mane and was about to mount, when I
arose silently from my place and stepping
into the road, dragged the muzzle of my
pistol up and down his ribs.

  “How now!” said I in his ear. “How
now?”

  He fell very sickly against his horse and I
thought the man would swoon, but he re-
covered himself and asked me chatteringly
what I wanted.

  “A watch,” said I, “to know the hour by
and a piece or two of gold to drink the
King’s health.”.

  At that he had heart again, for he thought
I had but newly come upon the scene.

  “I am a poor man,” he replied, “but here
is all I have about me,” and he drew out
a horn snuff box — one of the farmers’ no
doubt—and two crown pieces.

  When I bellowed with laughter in his
face, he fell back against the horse again.

  “Ass!” I roared. “I saw all. Give over
now, or better still, I will take it.”

  Then I reached into his pocket and drew
out the bag. Here the jelly-backed robber
began to clamor and whine and tell me that
he was but a poor shopkeeper, ruined by the
new taxes, and that he had a wife and chil-
dren to keep.

  “Curse a bit,” I advised, “ ’twill cheer you
mightily.”

  I prodded him a few more times with the
pistol barrel while I thought what I should
do and finally I ordered him to mount.

  “Up,” said I, helping him into the saddle
with the toe of my boot, “and in future
think not to mend your fortune by taking
to the road. A man that knows no words

but-and-and ——, and must needs

repeat them over and over like a child
saying his rote, has no place on the heath
after nightfall with robbery in his heart.
Air is a poor thing to dance upon.”

  I slapped his horse with my open palm
and the beast leaped so that the rider was
near unseated and then tore off up the road,
where the sound of his hoofbeats was soon
lost.

TO BE CONTINUED
Author of “The Honor of the Sioux," “The Quest of Red Elk" etc.

  I W *| jHE great Ponca camp on the
I Niobrara was in sore distress.
Children wailed for food, and
the stomachs of the warriors
clung to their back bones for want of fill-
ing. Not a buffalo had been seen on the
prairie within a radius of four days’ travel
on horseback for many months, and the
seed corn, stored in the caches under the
platforms that encircled the inner walls of
the earth lodges for next year’s planting,
had nearly all been pounded up to make
mush or soup to fill hungry little mouths.

  Shunga-sabe, the Black Horse, sat on
the roof of his earth lodge, smoking his
long-stemmed pipe with the red stone
bowl and watching the door of the teepee
where the Soldier’s Lodge, composed of the
chief and his braves, was in council. It
must be nearly time, he thought, for the
council to end, and for their decision as to
what was to be done announced to the
people. Even as he gazed, an elderly man
came out alone, mounted his horse and be-
gan to ride about the village, stopping here
and there before the various lodges to make
an announcement in a sing-song voice.
Presently the old herald halted before the
home of Black Horse.

  “O Shunga-sabe,” he cried, “the people
are in great distress, they say! Famine is
in the midst of us, they say! Four brave
men, four men distinguished in battle, are
to go out and search for the buffalo in the
light of their experiencee, they say! You
are to be one of them, they say!”

  “Haul” ejaculated Black Horse, hur-
riedly descending from his perch and making
for the door of his lodge to lay away his
pipe, while the messenger, his task com-
pleted, kicked his pony’s sides with his
moccasined heels, and returned to the Sol-
dier’s Lodge.

•	The way into the earth house occupied
by Shunga-sabe led through a long covered
passageway into a dimly lighted interior.
Within, a few rays of the afternoon sun dis-
persed the gloom sufficiently to make clear
the platform that ran round the interior
wall of the building, cut off here and there
by curtained bunks. Before the smolder-
ing logs of a dying fire lay a litter of earthen
pots, and among them, sleeping fitfully,
was sprawled a huge wolf-like dog. As
Black Horse brushed by to stow the pipe in
his bedding in the rear of the lodge, the dog
got up, shook himself, stretched, and ran
forward to nuzzle his master; then, as the
Indian turned to go out, he fell to heel and
trotted after him out into the village and
over to the Soldier’s Lodge.

  Once outside in the clear light,a strange
thing could be noticed. To the grizzled
tail of the animal was tied a single eagle
feather, painted red, and standing upright.
It told the world at large that its wearer
was no ordinary animal, for its color and
position meant two things—its owner had
been wounded in battle and had counted
first coup on an enemy.

  Yes, Gray Hawk, the dog, was a per-
sonage of note in his community. His

125
126

Adventure

master’s inseparable companion at home or
on the war-path, he had stood over Black
Horse’s body on the field of battle, and
though pierced through with a Dakota ar-
row, he had pulled down and killed a rash
warrior who had ventured forward to scalp
the wounded Ponca. Therefore he was
welcome to enter even the Soldier’s Lodge,
and no cur in all the Ponca nation that did
not slink away as he approached.

  Before the Soldier’s Lodge, Black Horse
and his dog halted, and here they were
presently joined by three other men of ex-
perience, while the people at large formed
a great circle about them, wondering why
these braves had been called. Presently
the chief and his attendant came out, bear-
ing a lighted pipe, which was handed to the
four warriors in turn, and as they smoked,
the chief addressed them.

  “O warriors, you who have achieved
renown both in battle and in council! Our
people are in danger of starvation. Because
of your reputation it has been decided to
elect you as scouts for the buffalo hunt. Go
forth, each to a different point of the com-
pass, and return not until you bring us tid-
ings that will make our hearts strong
again!”

  In one voice the four men cried assent
and with a ceremonial offering of the pipe
to the four directions, to the sky and the
earth, our mother, they quickly left the
Soldier’s Lodge and returned to their own
homes, tarrying only long enough to catch
their ponies and picket them close to their
houses that they might be ready to start
before dawn on the following morning.

  It was bitter cold, and the chilly sky
was no more than pale the next day when
Black Horse emerged from his lodge with
Gray Hawk at his heels. As soon as he
had crossed the threshold of his abode,
Black Horse turned to the east and, facing
where the sun would presently arise, he
held up his hands in silent prayer. Then
he released his horse, sprang on its back,
and turned to the westward, the direction
upon which the scouts had agreed the night
before as his quarter in which to search.

  Gray Hawk, whose stomach, like his
master’s, was empty, ran ahead, alert to
every sound and smell. He sensed his
own dignity and importance and did not
leap and bark like some common dog. To
his keen nose the morning breezes brought
a bulletin of the occurences of the night be-

fore. Here a kit-fox had passed, and there
a coyote. A jack rabbit, squatting be-
hind a ball of tumbleweed, saw the dog
and the horseman go by and was conceited
enough to think that he had escaped detec-
tion because he had mastered the art of
freezing so supremely well. As a matter
of fact, Gray Hawk, the veteran, knew both
by smell and sight exactly where the rab-
bit lay, but what was a jack rabbit to a
warrior who had slain a Sioux? Had he
been alone, no doubt Gray Hawk would
have stalked and pounced on the rabbit,
and made a morning meal, but he was ac-
companying his master on important busi-
ness and meals could wait.

  As they crossed a swell of the prairie
Gray Hawk bristled from nose to tail tip.
His nose! .told him that enemies had passed
but a moment before. In the darkness
that still clung to the ground he could not
see the shadowy forms flit away, but the
scent told him as plainly as sight that a
pair of wolves had crossed the trail.

  With the rising of the sun and the flood-
ing of the open plains with light, the wild
peoples sought their lairs and the scents be-
came less distinct. Traveling ever west-
ward man and dog passed over undulation
after undulation of the prairie, now yellow
from the fall frosts and dry and barren as
any desert. When the sun was mid-sky
high, they halted, and the pony browsed
on the sere grasses while the man smoked.
Gray Hawk, unfed and weary, lolled at his
master’s feet.

  “Alas, my brother Gray Hawk,” said
Black Horse, “it makes my heart sad that

I	have no food to offer you. Had I ever
so little, the half of it should be yours. It
is a pity that you can not smoke. How-
ever, you, too, are of the nature of a warrior;
you do not wear an eagle feather for nothing!
Courage, my brother! If we can only find
the buffalo, I shall have my woman cook
ribs and back fat for you and serve them to
you in your own wooden bowl, and they
will proclaim your name as a successful
scout with mine from the Soldier’s teepee!”

  Gray Hawk, lying there, raised his head
and thumped his heavy tail until the eagle
feather danced. He understood the word
for buffalo and sensed that his master spoke
of hunting them, and he knew that after a
buffalo hunt there were many marrow
bones. Moreover, his master spoke kindly,
and in a tone that gave him courage. So
A Man’s Dog

127

he had faith and slept, content until Black
Horse roused him; and they took up their
journey once more.

AT NIGHT they rested in a hol-
low, both sharing the same robe.
The Indian being exhausted, slept
heavily, but both pony and dog
were restless. Again and again the wind
brought the odor of wolves to their nostrils
—sometimes a lone dog-wolf passing along
the ridge, sometimes a small pack. All go-
ing westward. Toward morning the wind
shifted, and with it came not only the smell
of wolves, but a heavy scent, the smell of
dense bodies of animals, and a distant roll-
ing noise like far-off thunder.

  Gray Hawk was alert, and fully awake on
the instant, barking and pulling at his mas-
ter’s hand.

  “Hey, Brother! What is it? Have the
enemy found us?” cried Black Horse throw-
ing back his coverings and sitting up.

  The pony was still cropping the dried
grass stalks to the full length of his picket
rope, and the half light of the dawn lit up
the hills. Still Gray Hawk barked and
pulled and Black Horse, aware that the
dog had something to show him, sprang up
and followed the animal who now, satisfied
that his master was doing the right thing,
trotted on ahead.

  They topped the first rise and gazed out
over a vast expanse of prairie that sloped
away from them.

  It was still too dark to see the objects at
any great distance, but Black Hawk knew
the sounds that floated to him. The bawl-
ing of calves, the bellowing of bulls, the
howl of the white buffalo wolves. Some-
where in the thickness before him there
were buffalol

  Slowly the round, red sun peeped over
the horizon behind him, and with the com-
ing of the dawn a dense black mass loomed
up to the westward. As it grew lighter he
saw plainly, and it seemed as if all the whole
buffalo nation were gathered there! Old
bulls with curved and battered horns, two-
year-olds, with straight black spikes, fat
cows, and reddish calves! A great herd,
blackening the prairie as far as his eyes
could see.

  “Hau, brother Gray Hawk! You have
again achieved honor!” cried Black Horse.
“Now let us return and report to the chiefs.”

  In the Ponca village the scouts who had

gone to the south, the east and the north,
had returned dejected and without tidings.

  The sun was already low on the second
day when keen eyes discovered the western
scout, Black Horse, returning, head erect,
at full gallop, with Gray Hawk dashing in
the lead.

  In front of the Soldier’s Lodge attendants
gathered hastily a pile of dry buffalo chips,
for by the manner of the scout’s return, it
was plain that buffalo had been sighted, and
the scout who has tidings of buffalo takes
oath as to the truth of what he is about to
tell by kicking over a pile of buffalo chips
and seizing a lance, thrust upright in the
ground behind, with both hands.

  Flinging himself from his horse, Black
Horse sent the chips flying, and, with Gray
Hawk at his heels, ran up to the spear and
catching hold of it, stooped and whispered
into the ear of the old herald who was in the
act of lighting a pipe for him.

  “Gray Hawk and I have seen many buf-
falo! It was morning and they were com-
mencing to graze!”

  “Hau,it is very good!” cried the elder, offer-
ing the pipe to Gray Hawk and then handing
it to his master. Black Horse smoked a mo-
ment, making the usual ceremonial offering,
and then, at a nod from the herald, man and
dog followed the old warrior into the Sol-
dier’s Lodge while a great crowd of people
closed in on the teepee, eager to hear the pub-
lic announcement of the find made by the
scouts. A moment later, when the news had
been communicated to the chief and his
councilors, the old man reappeared and ad-
dressed the multitude:

  “O people! Gray Hawk and his master,
Black Horse, have seen many buffalo! It is
the order of the chief that we strike camp
in the morning and start for the herd. All
of you remember to be as silent as possible!
Hunters must not go out ahead! If any one
disobeys the orders of the chief while on the
hunt, the soldiers will come out of their
lodge at night and beat him, kill his horses
and dogs, and tear his tent to ribbons!”

         THE sun had not travelled far
on daily journey, next morn-
ing, before the Ponca were on
&X I \ their way. Of all the people only
the aged, the sick or the very young with
a small guard of warriors remained at the
village of earth lodges.

  Women bestrode ponies with all their
128

Adventure

household goods and often the babies, too,
dragged behind on netted platforms at-
tached to poles. Families that were too
poor to own horses harnessed dogs in the
same manner. Naturally, their progress
was slow, and a full day’s journey found
them still twenty miles away from the herd
when they went into camp.

  The next day the warriors gathered on
horseback, fully equipped with bows and
arrows. The chief divided them into two
groups of equal numbers and, held in check
by the Soldiers or Indian police, the two
parties approached until close to the herd.
Then they spread out and, at a given signal,
each band charged down on the buffalo,
striking on opposite sides of the herd at the
same time.

  As the men dashed in among the bison,
they beat on their taut bow-strings with
their arrows, and the drumming noise
frightened the buffalo who spread out so
that the trained horses might pass among
them. Had the herd been smaller, the
Ponca would have endeavored to make them
mill about in a circle, but it was too great a
body of animals to handle in this manner.
It required a running hunt.

  Pell-mell over the prairie dashed pursued
and pursuers. Little the Indians recked for
prairie dog or badger burrows. A man
must risk his neck for food always, and now
there was no time for caution. Soon the
prairie was covered with huddled heaps,
each marking a fallen bison. How long the
chase might have lasted, no man may say, for
suddenly the sun was obscured by dull
clouds, and from the north came the first
cutting blasts, filled with icy particles that
herald a prairie blizzard. One by one the
hunters gave over the chase, hastily cut out
tongues and hump meat and raced back to
their waiting camp.

  But there was no retreat for Black Horse
and Gray Hawk. The Indian’s favorite
pony had met with a mishap. In a badger
hole his forefoot had sunk knee deep,
throwing both horse and rider, and the
Indian, rising, shaken but unhurt, found the
pony’s leg was broken and mercifully drew
his hunting knife across the animal’s throat.

  With the coming of the unexpected storm,
Black Horse, on foot and alone, was too far
in advance to catch up with the retreating
riders, and the thickening snow found him
and his dog deserted on the prairie.

  “Eh, brother Gray Hawk! Again do we

find ourselves in trouble! But we be men,
you and I,” exclaimed Black Horse, “and
not at all unused to the ways of the prairie!
Yonder lies a great bull, a chief among buf-
falos! Let us go to him for protection.”

  With these words Black Horse ap-
proached the huge carcass, yet warm and
unfrozen. With a few deft slashes of his
knife he opened up the great belly of the
animal, and pulled out the offal. Again
with his knife he hastily hacked off great
bunches of grass with which he lined the
cavity and then, calling Gray Hawk to fol-
low, he crawled into the dark interior of the
animal and there the two, dog and master,
curled up together, safe from freezing, to
await the end of the storm.

  By the end of the second day the snow
had ceased falling, the winds had died down
and the sun was out smiling once more. The
Ponca camp was again moved to bring the
lodges nearer the slain buffalo, in order that
the women who had the task of butchering
the great animals, might not have so far to
carry their packs of meat.

  Black Horse and Gray Hawk, the dog,
were missing, and the chief himself with his
attendant warriors were among the many
who made up the searching party.

  Half the day had passed without a sign
of the missing ones when the advance guard
of the warriors noticed a commotion in the
snow ahead of them. Pressing forward,
they saw a circle of half a hundred white
wolves, moving warily about some object.
At the approach of the Indians the wolves
slunk off, some limping and, as they left the
the scene, the approaching Ponca saw a
sight which is still spoken of around the
camp fires of an evening.

  Gray Hawk, the dog, covered with blood
from a score of wounds, still snarled defi-
ance beside a huge buffalo carcass while,
before him lay six dead and dying wolves,
slain by his terrible jaws.

  As the Ponca ran forward towards him
through the knee deep snow, he barked a
little, and managed to raise himself on his
tottering, lacerated legs, and wave the eagle
feather on his drooping tail. But, as they
stretched out their hands to him, the end
came, with a quiver and a sigh, the great
dog collapsed, and his breath passed,
whistling from his body.

  Eager warriors hacked with their knives,
and in a moment Black Horse, stiff, numb,
and scarcely alive, was dragged from his
Adventure

129

refuge in the bison’s belly. A fire was
made and, rubbed by friendly hands un-
til circulation had returned, he could
speak. With a broken voice, choking from
time to time, Black Horse addressed his
rescuers.

  “Warriors of ray people, the Ponca na-
tion! Gray Hawk and I were overtaken
alone by the storm, and we cut open a buf-
falo and crawled into his belly to escape
freezing as has often been done by hunters
before. But I, fool that I was, forgot to
take in my knife! The carcass froze so
that I could not escape. Gray Hawk man-
aged to gnaw his way out, and would have
made the hole larger for me to crawl out by,
but his ancient enemies, the enemies of his
nation, the wolves, attacked him to get at

the carcass. He gave his life for mine, he
who had often risked it for me before!
Yes, Gray Hawk even saved me from the
Sioux in battle, and thus earned the right
to wear an eagle feather and sit in the Sol-
dier’s Lodge! Now he is dead. It is in my
heart that we bury him like a man with a
warrior’s honors!”

  So it happened that a few days later a
new scaffold was erected in the burial
ground near the Ponca village on the Nio-
brara, and on it, wrapped in the finest
blankets and buffalo robes, with a buffalo
hide shield bearing two eagle feathers, was
laid the body of Gray Hawk, the warrior
dog, whose passing left so great a hole in
the heart of his master that all other sor-
rows passed through unheeded.

ADVENTURE

 by Harold Willard Gleason

HIS desk is by a window; just a streaky patch of sky
That frames the smoke of ferry-boats and squat tugs drudging by.
But now and then his dim eyes glimpse a gray gull poised on high.

Forgotten then the ledgers dull, the cobwebbed desk, the strain
Of deathly daily drudgery; and through his eager brain
Sweep images of whitecapped blue; free breezes’ wild refrain;

The magic of a deck a-slant; the sting of salty spray;

The witchery of moonlight’s gleam across a palm-fringed bay;

The tinkle of a temple bell in languorous Mandalay;

The flash of knives in narrow streets; the buzz of thronged bazaars;

The rhythmic swing of chanteys roared by bronzed and carefree tars;
And then—the creaking office-door restores his dungeon bars.

All day he chips malignant rust from anchor-fluke and chain,

Obeys the will of hazing mates, nerves dulled with drink and pain.

And ever-luring visions pass across his aching brain:

A cottage with a rose-framed door; a buxom, red-cheeked wife;

A patch of ground to putter with; a sheltered job “for life,”

A haven from dread sun, chill rain, from Tryant Ocean’s strife;

A corner in a quiet inn; cool drink; old friends, to stare
Wide-eyed at tales of brawl or storm; clean sheets; grain-scented air;
The glamour of a city’s streets; the market-place; the fair;

The lowing herds at evensong; the twittering lark at dawn—

And then a coarse voice hurls him back, and bids him labor on . . .

And thus Adventure calls to man—Fate’s puppet and Life’s pawn.
A FIFTEEN-CENT MEAL

Author of “Fines and Fees," “Willie Alias Bill," etc.

         THERE!”

  U A voice checked the gait of

  II	several men shuffling forth in

        " the early morning.

  “No. 11-408, drop out!”

  “Yes, sir!” a chunky, bow-legged, flat-
faced man nodded, answering as he slipped
from the rambling group.

  “You’re going back today, y’know!”
  “Yes, sir!”

  The numbered man stood with his back to
a cluster of weatherbeaten tents along a new
roadway, looking across at a precipice oppo-
site against the face of which was a miles-
long descending line like a scratch. The
mark was a cutbank highway which led into
the enormous notch, the canon entrance
miles distant and some four thousand feet
below, beyond which was a wide, placid
breadth of sunny, green sageland of wide,
rolling knolls.

  The side-mountain tents were on either
hand of a comparatively shallow gulch
exit, up which grew quaking aspens amid
broken stone. A galvanized two-inch pipe
on X-top plank frames brought a jet of
limpid water gurgling and thrusting into a
concrete tank. A wheel catching the stream
threw a pleasant fountain which rainbowed
the air with its mist, a pulley and grind-
stone indicating the service of the surpriz-
ing power which it had amused and en-
grossed some handy man to construct.

  Apparently ignored for the time, the man
stood twisting his old hat in his stubby,
fretted hands, his gaze following the course
of the dugway from the far-away canon foot,
curving around points and turning back
into the ravines, always climbing against
the enormous slope until around the head of
the canon it crept up past the camp where
he stood, his steel blue eyes squinting.
Five hundred feet higher up, it swung to the
right into Top Pass.

  The boys were going out this morning to
clean things, put some finishing touches
here and there and make it look pretty. A
few had been working there ever since
spring. No. 11-408 had started work on
that road away back around the cape down
in the valley years before, when the peni-
tentiary warden sent a few men out to
patch the old double rut climb. He had
laid his pick or shovel into every foot of that
miles on miles of terrific stone. That was
his road because one day, some ten years
before, he had fifteen cents.

  Exactly that. In those days he was
Libra Cruvan, and quite a man in his way.
He could ride anything from a bicycle to a
wild, blue roan. It just happened that he
walked into Cloudburst Valley, carrying
his saddle and other equipment. He was
footsore, for his horse had died under him,
suffering from thirst, hunger and over-exer-
cise. Cruvan’s eyes were bloodshot, his

130
A Fifteen-Cent Meal

131

gait stumbling, his hat drawn down over
one of the hardest faces west of the Mis-
souri, which is giving a man a considerable
of an eminence at that.

  He could see some horses down ahead of
him. If they were right wild, his case was
apparently hopeless. However, he wouldn’t
admit that. He stooped, dodged, crept and
hunted among the juniper cedars, among
the frost-shattered and water-rounded
stones, and found a blessed trickle of sweet
water to prove he had crossed some three
desert ranges and three salt playas since
this last time he started.

  He drank, dozed, drank again, slept and
awakened at last, astonishingly recuperated,
considering how long he had scuffled along
on his nerve. The sun of some day or other
was setting. He sat up, looked around and
then held out his rope, a good one for a fact,
soft yet little worn.

  He went down into the mouth of the
gulch where he found the alluvial fan well
grown to aspens, and below them, junipers.
He worked rapidly along with astonishing
quiet considering the boots he wore and the
shape of his legs, their stubbiness and size.
He was fairly creeping at the side of the
oozing water in its course, passing the limpid
pools, his eyes squinting, his brows drawn
bushily over the hungry sunken pits. He
froze suddenly, for on his left he heard a
stone, a small cobble, rattling and bumping
on a slope.

   On the instant there was a wild rush of a
dozen horses through the scattering cedars.
He had been working into the breeze, and
the animals had caught his scent. They
were baffled by the eddying of the zephyrs,
however, and came dashing by him in the
part-gloom of first star-light. Cruvan
bounded, rope in hand, to a flat-topped rock.

  In a moment a ghost of a horse cut past
him at top speed, but scratching gravel,
running low like a clawing cat. With a
twitch of his wrists he drove his noose with
one hand and tossed the coil of his rope with
the other, setting himself, a hundred and
eighty pounds, against eleven hundred
weight.

  The rope came taught like a banjo string,
humming, and the short legs of the man
plowed two furrows on the gravel slope.
The snared horse plunged and pitched,
turned and dashed like a furious black bass
in green waters. Sport of game fish landing?
Cruvan had more activity in seven minutes

than a trout catcher would endure in seven
years!

  When he was through, he had a Cali-
fornia sorrel hog-tied and gasping for breath,
while he went back to find and shake the
sand out of his hat. He went up after his
saddle, blanket and bridle, bringing them
down the valley, drinking at about every
pool, and finding juniper nuts in the pale
night, eating them with some impatience,
sometimes shucks and all.

  By morning he had quite a full stomach,
a saddle horse and quite a job before him.
True, he considered himself lucky, picking
up a maverick like that. Having prepared
to his notion, he released his captive, rose
with it and was glad the animal chose to
travel as well as to buck. He made more
miles in the general direction he wanted to
go during the next three or four hours than
he had during the previous week.

  So he arrived in Curtain, a disturbance
on the sweep of the alkali, beside the rail-
road. Curtain consisted of some seven-
teen newly painted houses, a yellow, red-
trimmed station and the other features of
a contract-built, company-owned, picked-
employe town.

  Libra Cruvan rode along the street. He
could see the mountains out on the horizon,
forty miles distant, and no house along the
railroad or the transcontinental highway
beside it. He wouldn’t have come to Cur-
tain in the first place if he had known ex-
actly where he was. Not that he was lost;
he was merely sixty miles farther west than
he had figured, not having seen any reliable
landmark to judge by.

   Hungry, thirsty, dusty, dead tired, he saw
a pretty building with large glass windows.
On a sign was the word “Cafe,” so he headed
toward it. The place had six tables, five
occupied, for the hour was noon. He took
his seat among strangers. He was par-
ticipating in the function of a number of
white-collared people, and probably three
fair ladies who kept the books and con-
ducted the mechanical details of corres-
pondence for the mine now being worked on
an Eastern capital basis.

  Cruvan, dashed, put his hands into his
pocket and found, all told, two nickles and
five pennies. A terrible, erect young lady
in black dress as if she was mourning some-
thing, and white collar and cuffs for orna-
ment, came to glare at him.

  “Lady,” Cruvan sighed, spreading the
132

Adventure

coins from his palm and finger tips on that
polished surface. “Lady, bring the best,
the most grub yo’ got for these here seven
coins of the realms.”

  “Our cheapest dish,” she snipped, “is
twenty cents. Sixty cents for regular din-
ner.”

  Cruvan was blue-lipped, pale-cheeked,
and kindly eyes would have noticed he was
emaciated, that his flanks were caved in,
despite the significant odor of cedar which
the tiny seeds of juniper had given him.

  “Nothing for fifteen cents?” he inquired,
looking at the coins.

  He glanced up and around, embarrassed,
his chin quivering. He saw on all sides the
quiet smiles of culture and importance. The
fat girl behind the cash register crinkled her
cheeks, her eyes bright blue and com-
placent.

  Cruvan’s joints creaked as he lifted him-
self out of the chair, turning to the door.
Had one rancher, one fellow rider, a gambler
or a desert rat been among the spectators,
the man would have been yelled at as an old
friend or at least the friend of somebody
known to this more fortunate person. As
it was they allowed Cruvan to take his de-
parture. He rode the buckskin down the
street to the Tunnel Road corner where the
trucks went up to the mine, ran into the
bank and robbed it on the indignant im-
pulse of the moment.

HE JUST walked in and found a
smirking fellow waiting for the
next higher up to come and spell
him for dinner, or rather for the
business men’s lunch. Instead of a meal
release he looked into the awful muzzle of a
famous model of revolver. The young man
did as ordered, filling a stout pair of money
bags with wads of certificates and some
coins. Then Curvan tied the young gentle-
man up swiftly, gagged him, went out to the
street and, as he could ride anything, select-
ed a nice bright red roadster to roll away at
fifty miles an hour.

 Nobody stopped him. He was even
sorry he hadn’t gone back after that regu-
lar dinner. In the whole town of Curtain,
he figured, there wasn’t a decent man or
charitable woman. He enjoyed thinking
what this town of white collars would do
with his California buckskin, now that they
had him? If he could have had his say, he
would have hung around a while, waiting to

see how they would handle the animal, or
rather the animal handle them. As a mat-
ter of fact, they scared it, and two days
later a cowboy on the Pipebrand ranch
caught the horse, still properly saddled
where it had come to drink at the waterhole,
forty miles from Curtain.

  Cruvan found some nice clothes in suit-
cases in the car. He found quite a fine lot
of canned goods, a self-cooling hamper and
other interesting things. An hour later,
forty miles distant, he ate at his leisure and
wished he’d thought to bring his saddle with
him. Anyhow, he had lots of money but
nowhere to spend it.

  He left the railroad at the first left-hand
turn. He left the car with an empty tank a
hundred and eighty miles distant that night.
He dined at his leisure in Ely, having
changed his clothes from boots to hat, and
then pulled on a one-piece mechanic’s suit,
so no one would see what he had on under it.

  The Ely paper said that a desperado with
terrible features and awful demeanor had
terrorized Curtain, held it up, devastated
the nervous system of the men of the town,
and rode away in Mr. Debeau’s automo-
bile. Cruvan grinned. He wasn’t much
for looks, his face was hard, but only hunger
had made him desperate, hunger and fifteen
cents.

  He picked out and bought a pair of
pants, then a nice shirt with the collar
hitched to it, and, in the quiet of the Ameri-
can Hotel, changed into reasonable clothes.
He shifted into his pockets and two horse-
hide money belts, the cash he had acquired.
He took a train from those parts, and in
Los Angeles settled down to the opportuni-
ties there to be had.

  Oh, he was bad, all right. He had done
considerable mischief in a careless sort of
way. At the same time, what made him
mad was having fifteen cents and being un-
able to buy anything to eat with it. In the
hectic days, eating on Central Main Street,
gambling upstairs here and there, running
down to Tia Juana and circling around,
Cruvan was still sore to think he had been
obliged to rob a bank when he hadn’t in-
tended to do such a thing. Really, he
hadn’t been in a bank-robbing mood, but
merely hungry.

  One day, when he put his hands into his
pockets and drew forth only some two
and four bit pieces, and two or three crinkly
silver certificates he knew his months of
A Fifteen-Cent Meal

133

ease had reached an end. He had been
pretty lucky, playing cards. Otherwise,
long since he must have come to empty
pockets. He walked doubtfully along the
street. He eyed a number of banks and
their branches with speculative interest.

  “Hello, Libra!” a voice remarked in his
ear, while he felt a familiar grasp on his
shoulder, and found his gun taking its de-
parture from under his coat, over his right
hip. “Been lookin’ for you!”

  The buckskin had been noticed and re-
membered. Nobody knew that particular
horse, of course. But the saddle on it
meant something. Lots of people knew that
saddle, cowmen, riders, liverymen and so on.
The descriptions given of Cruvan by the citi-
zens of Curtain were of no use at all. They
might just as well have said he was nine feet
tall, as what they did say about him. But
the saddle betrayed the fact that Libra
Cruvan had had it made to order over in
Denver in a flush and extravagant pride,
some time previous. That was foolish, of
course; but every human has a foolish streak
in him. The saddler put his mark on the
leather and even on the tree and stirrups.
That mark was famous, naturally. After
the capture of the saddled horse it was only
a question of time when they would pick up
Libra Cruvan, asking explanations.

  So they took Cruvan back, and con-
fronted him with the bank teller, the fat
girl from behind the cafe cash register, the
thin, spindly waitress, two of the mine com-
pany stenographers and lots of others.
Then they put on the stand a cowboy who
had picked up the horse with the saddle, and
they mentioned the roadster which was
found outside of Ely, with proof that Cur-
van had come there, abandoning some short
pants and long nightshirts which had be-
longed in the automobile. The proof was a
bit absent here and there, but Libra Cru-
van’s attorney let this go, for he had hopes
of being the mine company’s attorney and
the bank’s legal adviser. At that, substan-
tial justice was done, according to the law.

  Now in the mountain canon Libra Cruvan
had expiated his hunger and his thirst, his
recklessness and his fifteen cents, his seven
months jubilee in Los Angeles and Tia
Juana. He stood looking at the road his
work had built, more than any other man’s.
The cut-bank was his contribution to auto-
mobile tourists. They would ascend it,
stop at the summit and stare at the sign,

exclaiming to think that they had actually
climbed more than two and a half miles
above the level of the sea. Some of them
would appreciate the fifteen cent origin of
this contribution to their safety.

  The road opened, too, a beautiful back
country to the coming of trucks and set-
tlers, families and ranchers, all kinds of
occupiers of the land. Libra Cruvan had
plugged steadily. He had hooked out some
thousands of tons of sparkling granite,
porphyry, sandstone and loose stuff. If
that road belonged to any man under
heaven, it did to him.

  Now and again he had glanced up to
where the peaks were silhouetted against
the sky. Sometimes he had glanced over
his left into the depths, down the slope of
which the angular chunks of broken stone
sometimes bumped and clattered, smoking
where they scraped or struck, exploding
where they hit fairly.

  He had seen the brilliance of morning
whiten into the glare of crystaline midday
and, toward the late afternoon, had felt the
sting of foreboding wind, while heretofore in-
visible clouds appeared as pale, rose crystal,
deepening to pigeon-blood ruby, speckled
with stars of many gem hues, blue, yellow,
red, green and the like. He had fed by the
thousand meals in the mess tents. He
knew the names of each spring where they
had pitched the tents of the convict crews,
Bide-a-Wee, Don’t Hurry, Hang Fast, Pink
Posies, Cling Fast and so on up to the
We’re Here. The water bursting down
into the tanks tinkled loudly like bird notes.

  Now and again one of the boys couldn’t
stand the music, and would go daffy. But
Deaf Hank would cup his hands over his
ears and sit awhile each evening, close up
and listening to the sweet sound. That was
funny, too, for Deaf was the “blow ’em
boy,” handling the explosives with a reck-
less efficiency that seemed to show he hoped
an accident would happen, seeing that he
was a lifer.

  All this experience and show for fifteen
cents! No matter what else No. x 1-408
thought about, noticed, did or lived
through, he would never forget the two
nickels and five copper cents. How come
he had saved the pennies he couldn’t recall.
The nickels were bad enough. Probably as
his money got slack, his grip tightened.
The memory of the fat girl behind the cafe
cash regi ter was dimmed to a lumpy mess,
134

Adventure

with a pink and white puff on the top; he
would probably recognize the bank cashier,
if he happened to see him. The waitress in
her gaunt thinness remained a black widow
with white collar and cuffs and a crinkly,
yellowish, rawhidy neck ascending into an
indistinct face.

- But even with his eyed open, he could
remember exactly how those coins looked
sliding down from his finger tips, three pen-
nies with their faces up, the nickels showing
their buffaloes, and the reflections of the
edges shining on the polished table surface.
Fifteen cents,-!

    5=3 HE NEVER did know just how
y much he carried away from the
concrete and plate glass bank,
l<r*^ with its new paint smell and
shiny brass cage, marble counter and floor.
He just hadn’t counted the loot, come to
think about it. He had enjoyed the money
while it lasted. They couldn’t take away
the good time he had had with it. He lived
right well on it. The sons of guns never
did get a cent back. That was some satis-
faction, considering the fifteen cents scoun-
drels who’d have a town where they’d let a
man go away hungry because he had fifteen
cents. Huh!

  Nothing to eat for fifteen cents! No.
11-408 was now going down to check out.
Good time, among other things, had favored
him. Obediently, he clambered into the big
supply truck, and went with it up to the
summit, where the captain had a word to
leave with the road gang. Then they
started back down the cut-bank road. The
prisoner thrilled as he rolled down over his
work, that miles on miles of seven per cent,
grade, as specified, surveyed and now an
accomplished dugway. He saw, thrilling
to every inch of the whole distance.

  “All for fifteen cents,” the convict said to
himself. “All for fifteen cents. I was
hungry. All I wanted was a snack to eat.
There wa’n’t no place to pay fifteen cents for
grub. Huh! ’Twant right.”

  He knew, though, while he was digging
the rocks out, leveling off the dugway, pick-
ing, shoveling, rolling and scraping, his work
was making it right. He was there to
straighten it all out, that matter of fifteen
cents. The idea had been growing on him
for years, at first a resentful helplessness as
they told him the first time to take a pick
and go to it; and then more and more

wonderingly and puzzling till now he knew
he hadn’t quite finished the job. Oh, the
dugway was done! The big part of it, his
own task was finished, and the others were
smoothing it up, prettying it. And yet
there was that plaguey fifteen cents, with
the cheapest thing to eat at twenty cents!

  He was thinking so much about this mat-
ter that when they checked him out, took
away his No. 11-408 and restored his Libra
Cruvan name, he hardly noticed the proc-
ess at all. He went along the concreted
way, saw the gates of heavy bars opening
before him. Just so they had opened to let
him in. The trusty who threw the lever
to clang them shut, separating him from the
open roads and the freedom of spirit, now
let them swing softly to behind him. Far
behind him echoed for the last time the re-
verberations of that first banging and slam-
ming of ringing metal which celebrated his
conversion from Libra Cruvan into No.
xi-408. He whispered his name, Libra
Cruvan, a personal possession again.

  He was alone. He was responsible for
himself. No honor code, no state criminal
statutes, no sheriff or detective agency or
anybody was his boss now, except himself.
He had nothing else to think about but the
fifteen cents, fifteen cents, two nickels and
five pennies which now was his sole incen-
tive. It had become an ambition, a hope
and a necessity with him. Around it, he
had built up an odd edifice, an imaginary
castle so strange that had he mentioned it,
any listener must have laughed aloud.

  What he needed was the center of the uni-
verse. Casting back through his memories,
which ranged from Milk River, Montana, to
Alma, New Mexico, and from Los Angeles
to St. Louis, he reckoned the heart of the
world was Red Desert. He headed for that
town on the backbone of the United States.

  A beautiful place to a free man’s eye.
Some scores of business places, houses,
cabins, shacks and bungalows rested in a
saucer-like basin with ridges and ranges
fretworking the horizon on every side. Cor-
rals for beef and sheep, horses and auto-
mobile tourists were there. Highways came
meandering down out of the mountains to
this common center. A railroad led straight
through, out of the due east into the due
west, its telegraph poles standing black,
somehow, against the skyline as one ap-
proached from north or south, since it fol-
lowed a kind of natural fill.
A Fifteen-Cent Meal

135

  Libra Cruvan entered Red Desert. He
had a bag with some duffle in it. He wore a
hat which had been rolled up more than ten
years. He was in clothes difficult to
classify. He followed Sage Brush Street up
from the railroad to the corner of Concrete
Boulevard and cut across to the big bank on
the corner.

  As he entered, the man in the cage on the
lopped off corner glanced at him, blinked
and wet his lips nervously.

  “Where’s Packy?” Cruvan asked, ignor-
ing the evidences of recognition.

  “In there!” The teller jerked his head
toward the president’s office.

  Cruvan found the door ajar and walked
in. Three men were sitting in discussion.
They all glanced at the intruder, and one
sprang back, throwing up his hands, ex-
claiming—

  “My God!”

  “Why, howdy, Cruvan!” another cried,
springing up. “Darn glad to see you.
How’s things?”

  “All right,” Cruvan replied, rolling his
eyes at the excited man.

  “Old friend of mine!” the bank president
introduced. “Darbing of the Curtain State
Bank.”

  “Yuh, I know!” Cruvan grunted, one
corner of his lip lifting at sight of a man so
afraid.

  “That’s right, you do!” Packy chuckled.
“Well, old boy, what you going to do now?
What can I do to help? Want a job on my
ranch?”

  “I want to open a caf£,” Cruvan replied.
“Right here in Red Desert.”

  “Yes? Good idea. We’ve a swell restau-
rant. No lunch room, though we need one.
Around the corner behind the bank’s a good

tight building. You can have that-”

  “Why, Mr. Delvane he’s just out of—”
Darbing interrupted.

  “Look here,” Packy turned on him angrily.
“I’ve known Libra Cruvan twenty-five
years. Rode range with him.”

  “But he held up our bank.”

  “What made you do it, Cruvan?” Packy
turned to the grim visitor.

  “Hungry.”

  “I thought so. Come on out, and I’ll
introduce you to Mr. Cresker.”

  Cresker was the man behind the wicker
fence, who knew Cruvan well enough, but
not in the way he now was made acquainted
with him.

  “Make out a book for one thousand dol-
lars for him,” Packy ordered, drawing a
counter check on his own account to cover
the loan to ex-No. 11-408, alias Libra
Cruvan.

  Cruvan for a while stood silent, blinking
at the floor. He reached his hand then to
shake the hand of his friend, turning and
plunging out into the street immediately
afterwards. He walked five miles into the
open sage, returning after a time to ransack
Red Desert for things he needed, hardware,
drygoods, grocery and junk dealers.

FOR years he had listed and re-
vised his estimates and ideas.
He knew what he must have.
He sought nothing else. He
worked all that night. The following
morning but one, a sign in black, red and
white thrust out over the sidewalk on Sage
Brush Street, just behind the bank.

Good Cafe Grub

  Three small tables, a high lunch counter
with chairs and stools to match, set off cop-
per boilers, a fine range, shelves full of
dishes and sundries as table ware and a large
refrigerator.

  A burly, white-aproned, hard-faced man
gave a look around as he stood with his big,
stubby-fingered hands on the counter. He
sniffed the aroma of coffee ready and the
stove hot. Then he went to the front door,
unlocked it and unhooked the copper screen
door beyond. He backed away as his eyes
turned to one side, toward the floor. High
hopes were in this enterprise. Libra Cru-
van had not always realized his most modest
anticipations. Now he wondered with sink-
ing heart.

  But the next instant a cowboy drifted
around the corner, came in and ordered a
cup of coffee with a piece of apple pie. A
minute later another man, a taxi chauffeur,
came in. Then two strangers sat at a table,
and the face of Libra Cruvan began to glow
and sweat.

  A two-handed worker, able to pick and
shovel right or left, he was a bit awkward.
He had the knack, though. In his day he
had cooked, waited and done many camp-
fire and kitchen range kinds of professional
things. Besides, his heart was in it.
Steaks, beans, roasts, sandwiches, hamburg-
ers and sausages were called for. He
136

Adventure

handled them all. He did not know, when
Packy came sauntering in, that the banker
had sent an edict up and down Concrete
Boulevard that he expected his friends to
do their duty by the new enterprise around
the corner, until the business was estab-
lished. Then having seen the cook well
engaged, he himself sauntered in after the
casual manner of a preoccupied man.

  The bill of fare was simple. At the head
was printed—

            Beef Soup 15c
“I’ll start with the soup,” Packy ordered
absently.

  Cruvan dropped his hands on the counter,
staring. It happened the banker was the
first man to order this most conspicuous
dish. For only a moment the cafe keeper
lost the thread of his occupation, and then
he reached under the counter and drew out
a new sixteen inch tray. He pulled a loaf of
dry Vienna bread out of a large basket.
He put a two-quart bowl on the tray beside
the loaf and turned to a sizzling kettle at
the back of the range by the pipe. With a
ladle he nearly filled the bowl with cut-up
vegetables, two-inch cubes of meat and
thick broth. He carried the tray around to
the table, with a glass of water, soup spoon,
knife and fork. And thus he served the
visitor, with no sign of recognition.

  The banker leaned back, the better to
survey the size of this outlay. He glanced
at the instantly retreating shoulders of the
man he was backing, made as if to say some-
thing, but didn’t. Instead he ate. A
large, hungry, large-capacity man, Packy
Delvan was just able to find the bottom of
the bowl, though he left over some of the
crusty bread.

  He paid the fifteen cents, remarking:

  “I believe I said I’d begin on the soup,
Cruvan.”

  “Reckon that’s so,” Cruvan replied.
  “Well, I ended on it, too.”

  Cruvan blinked, grinned and then jerked
about to—well, tend to something.

  In a way, this ended the matter. In an-
other aspect, the new era of Libra Cruvan
had begun. One day the soup was beef,
another mutton* and again it was a Mulli-
gan, an Irish, or a Fill Up stew or the like.
Yet every day the head of Cruvan’s Good

'X&	■ 1

Cafe Grub menu read to the music of that
old refrain, a fifteen cent meal.

  Even though down the list of entrees
after a time, one found lamb chops, T-bones,
porterhouse and tenderloins of sundry meat
animals, and when the cafe was serving all
the fancy relishes, fruits and sundries, its
fame carried east and west by tourists,
when the little old store was replaced by a
regular full-size restaurant, with music and
even Saturday night dances up and down
the wide aisles, the first dish, if one called
for it, would also be one’s last, unless he
specifically demanded a “plate” course.

  One other thing about this particular bid
for the patronage of a customer. Some-
times a dusty youth would come slinking in,
even through the back door appealing to the
help. Or a cowman would seek a secluded
place, and places out of sight were always
ready even in the big noon hour for the en-
tertainment of these nervous, diffident
patrons. If they had fifteen cents, that was
all right. But if, as occasionally happened,
some one came and asked a whispering,
shamed question, “What have you for seven
or ’leven cents,” these inquirers found the
menu price list deceiving. The fifteen-cent
soup on bid of a nickel and two pennies
came just the same, and the slim young
woman behind the cash register would push
back the two cents as change. She even
did that one day for Packy himself, when he
found he didn’t have his pocketbook in the
clothes he was wearing.

   Notice, though, the cash register girl was
slim. Cruvan could stand a lot, for he
came of an enduring school, only he could
never forget that lumpy, dumpling girl who
had laughed at him at Curtain those years
before. He tried not to have too thin
waitresses, either. They never were dressed
in mourning.

  Also, only one dish on the list sold for
fifteen cents. Cruvan had to print it there
once. True, it hurt him. As a memory,
nothing else was bitter like that figure. Not
but what he was glad to have the wonderful
privilege of giving a full to overflowing meal
thus to whoever came; only he could never
forget—was in a measure proud to re-
member—he had built a dug-way road for
fifteen cents.
THE TREASURE °'MULM EL-HASSAN

Author of “The Hand of Allah," “Chuckling Gold,” etc.

fCHAPTER I

‘what ALLAH SHALL SEND-

A

FULL year had passed since
Mohamed Ah had been forced
to exchange the dignified exis-

____ tence of a Moroccan basha for

the adventurous life of an outlaw with
prices upon his head; since he had fled from
the city of Tangier, of which he had been
governor, to seek safety for himself and his
family and his followers among the wild
foothills of the Atlas. The turn of the
same political wheel which had raised him
to the bashaship had, in due course, torn
him from it, even as it had made a fugitive
of his venerable friend and sponsor, the
Vizier Baghdadi.

  It had been an active year for Mohamed
Ali. Allah had been kind and had sent him
many opportunities to annoy his enemies
and to defeat their attempts to place his
head above the Fez gate. He had tricked
the new basha of Tangier, and tied his
hands against any further real activity
against him. He had brought ridicule upon
the leaders of the Sultan’s troops which had
been sent against him; had played two
enemies against each other, with the result
that their heads both graced the city gates.

  And having been captured through a foul
trick by the basha of the insignificant village
of Ain Dalia, had escaped his prison, locked
the basha up in his stead and summoned
the Sultan’s officials with the result that the
tricky basha abruptly ceased to breathe.

  “The Treasure of Midai El-Hassan” copyright, 1925, by
George E. Holt.

  There had been various other breaks in
the monotony of outlaw life, such as the
rescue of the British Envoy’s daughter and
the securing of much arms and ammuni-
tion through the unwitting services of an
enemy. So that Mohamed Ali should have
found no reason for complaint. Yet now
for more than a month he had lain idle in a
little village in the foothills of the Atlas,
with nothing to do but play with the
children, listen to the troubles of the adults,
and wonder dismally if anything would
ever happen again. Almost always things
began to happen when he felt this way.

  Now he lay upon a native carpet beneath
a great gnarled fig tree, and while Habiba,
the little daughter of his host, Mustapha,
played with his jeweled kumiah, frowned
thoughtfully towards the west where lay
that Tangier of which he had been basha.
A year ago, and he had ridden forth from
his house, clad in the flowing white ’ksa
of dignity, mounted upon a horse capari-
soned in silk and velvet, with four great
guards to clear the way for him with shouts
of “Balak! Balakl Make way for the
master!” Then the hurried flight by night,
the battle between the Sultan’s troops and
the followers of himself and his friend, the
Vizier, the rescue of the Vizier and his own
retreat into the secure Riff.

  “Allah kerim!” he exploded. “A year!
That is time enough for a dozen revolutions
of the Wheel. Yet the Sultan sits beneath
the White Umbrella and offers another re-
ward for my head whenever he thinks of it;
the basha of Tangier is still Sid Omar ibn

137
138

Adventure

Malek; the British government again presses
both the Sultan and the basha towards
my capture and the French and Germans
plan how the country shall be divided be-
fore they have yet seized it.”

  He felt a tug at the silken shoulder-cord
of the kumiah, and his moody eyes fell upon
Habiba. A smile softened his bearded face.

  “Ah, little one,” he said, “what would
you do if you were Mohamed Ali and were
restless? Would you go forth and seek
action, or would you sit quiet and repeat
the verses of the Book, and wait for what
Allah shall send?”

  The little girl looked into his face with a
smile. She was yet too young to under-
stand his words, but, with the quick sym-
pathy of childhood she touched his big
brown hand and repeated solemnly—
“Allah shall send!”

  “Oh-ho!” Mohamed Ali laughed. “Our
little Habiba-child becomes a prophet.”
He seized her by her arms and raised her
high in the air. “And, as Allah is great, I
believe in such prophets. Another once
said ‘A little child shall lead them’ and I
have observed ere this that the wisdom of
childhood is the greatest of all wisdom.

Therefore-”

  He set down the child, who ran away
laughing.

  “Therefore, O little prophetess, Mo-
hamed Ali will have faith and will await
what Allah shall send.”

  He stretched out, pulled the hood of his
sulham over his face and shortly was sound
asleep.

  An hour later he was awakened. An
elegantly clothed man of middle age, whose
dark face wrinkled with fun, tickled the
soles of the sleeping outlaw’s feet until
Mohamed Ali’s great voice bade Habiba
to cease lest he eat her up in one mouthful.

  “Oh-ho! Valiant eater of children—and
girl children at that!”

  So jibed the newcomer, and Mohamed
Ali sat up with a jerk, flinging the covering
from his face and squinting at the light.
Another movement brought him to his feet
to grasp the hands of his laughing visitor in
the triple hand-clasp of Islam.

  “Kaid Dukali, by the name of the
Prophet! Why, what are you about among
these hills! Your place, offspring of idle-
ness and luxury, is in the perfumed court
at Fez, among the tinkling fountains and
peaceful gardens and odorous intrigue.”

  “True enough,” agreed Sid Dukali.
“No doubt I would acquire more merit
did I spend my days sleeping under fig
trees. My sulham—” He fingered Mo-
hamed Ali’s garment—“is of less costly
material than yours. And as for smelling
intrigue, I think I now sit at the feet, poeti-
cally speaking of course, of the master of
intrigue. At any rate, if there were more
than one Mohamed Ali, my royal master,
the Sultan, would assuredly abdicate in
favor of his brother whom he does not
like.”

  “And how knew you where to find me?”

  Kaid Dukali chuckled.

  “Oh, when it became necessary to find
you, the matter was somewhat simple after
all. You have friends who are also my
friends. But it is true that in order to be
no deceiver of my master, I have been care-
ful for a long time not to ask where Mo-
hamed Ah was to be found. Or to permit
one to tell me.”

  He selected, with care for his sheer spot-
less sulham, a seat upon the carpet, cross-
legged. Mohamed Ali flung himself down
beside him. It was good for good friends
to come together thus, and his ears were
open for the news of the outside world which
he knew would soon be poured into them,
and not dryly.

  Kaid Dukali was known for wit, clever-
ness and sophistication. Perhaps no one
was more intimate than he with the Moroc-
can Sultan, the Commander of the Faith-
ful, one of the few absolute monarchs left
upon the face of the earth. Wherefore wit
and cleverness and sophistication were a
mantle of protection which he wrapped
about him. Few men knew what Kaid
Dukali thought; none knew what he be-
lieved except, perhaps, this big, brown out-
law who now lay at his feet. One vital
hour, years before, when their two lives
were not worth a grain of sand, had made
a bond between them which nothing yet
had broken.

  “I wonder—” began Mohamed Ali, but
from a little distance came the voice of
Habiba.

  “Allah shall send,” she called, and laughed
at her own memory of the new phrase.
Whereat Kaid Dukali asked a question and
Mohamed Ali explained.

  Kaid Dukali was silent for a space, and
his face grew serious. Then:

  “It is somewhat strange, Mohamed Ali,”
The Treasure of Mulai El-Hassan

139

he said. “Because I think that her proph-
ecy has come true, that Allah has sent.”

  “I listen,” replied Mohamed Ah shortly,
and a little tingle crept along the back of
his neck.

  Kaid Dukali reflected a moment before
speaking again.

   Then he smiled briefly, reminiscently, and
said—

  “You remember the affair of Kaids Aisa
and Brahim?”

        MOHAMED ALI grinned.

         “Does one forget the occasions
       when one has touched hands with
       death?” he asked.

  “Well, the matter in hand begins there.

I was among those who stood near His
Majesty when Brahim took from his sack
the head of Mohamed Ah.”

  “I heard and saw His Majesty rock with
un-royal mirth.

  “‘We have here a letter from Mohamed
Ah,’ said His Majesty. ‘Mohamed Ah will
never write another,’ said Brahim. ‘But,
fool!’ said the Sultan, ‘how could Mo-
hamed Ah write us a letter if his head is
in that sack?’

  “ ‘Allah only knows that,’ answered Bra-
him. At which—yes, laugh, Mohamed Ali!
That is just as my master laugh d also.
But—and here comes a thing of impor-
tance—but when His Majesty had some-
what ceased laughing, ‘Allah kerim!’ he
cried, ‘And if I could only catch Mohamed
Ah I vow by Mulai Hassan, my father, I
should make him a Vizier!’ ”

  “The Sultan was merry,” rephed Mo-
hamed Ah, “and the Vizier who is chosen
because he makes the Sultan laugh, ceases
to beVizierwhen the Sultan stops laughing.”
“True, so far as it goes. But the Sultan
has said much the same thing to me pri-
vately since then.”

  “But,” offered Mohamed Ah, “he has no
doubt said it in this form—‘If Mohamed Ah
were not Mohamed Ali, he could be of as-
sistance to me if I were to make him a
Vizier.’ ”

  Kaid Dukali grinned.

  “You are something of a sage, Mohamed,”
he said. “There was indeed a time when
he put it that way. But later, as I was able
to drop a word here and a word there, he
began to think that perhaps Mohamed Ali
as Vizier would be preferable to Mohamed
Ah as outlaw.”

  “But,” again objected Mohamed Ali,
“that he could not possibly accomphsh
England demands my punishment. Many
others demand my punishment. The Sul-
tan needs my punishment. It is a question
of the Sultan’s prestige. But come to the
meat of the matter, let us have all the
facts before us.”

  “Good!” agreed Kaid Dukali. “In short
then, leaving out of the case the various
steps leading to the present situation, His
Majesty beheves that you, even as an out-
law, can render him a service, a very great,
service.

  “If you succeed he will make you a
Vizier. He can then do so because your
success will eliminate those reasons which
you perceive now prevent him from doing
so.”

   “And the nature of this service?”

“ANOTHER matter first. With
France and Germany almost at
war with each other for control
of Morocco; with France and
Germany and England, all intriguing and
plotting and maneuvering for more Mo-
roccan interests, and the agents of a dozen
other nations sticking their fingers into the
pie, what my master needs is a political
intelligence service with Mohamed Ali at
its head. And that, I think, is a compli-
ment to Mohamed Ali. I think it is
a very great compliment to Mohamed
Ah.”

  “Hmph!” grunted the potential Vizier.
And again, “PImph!” But, after a little
while:

   “That is not a foolish thought,” he ob-
served. “Nor did it ever come from the
head of Mulai Abd-el-Aziz.”

   “He thinks it did.”

   “Naturally. But it has too much merit.”
“And yet—I have no especial love for
His Majesty, nor he for me, I suspect.”
“And for the nasrene, the foreigner?
Has Mohamed Ali love for them?”

   “No! By the name of Allah, no!” growled
Mohamed.

  “And, could he prevent it, Mohamed Ali
would see his country become a colony of
France or Germany?”

“As soon as I, myself, would become a
Christian,” answered the outlaw. “You
argue well, Dukali, but what can I do?”
“This,” returned Kaid Dukali swiftly.
“This, and it may make you the saviour of
140

Adventure

Morocco as well as of the throne of Mulai-
Abd-el-Aziz. The Sultan needs money,
much money. France on one hand, Ger-
many on the other, with England encourag-
ing whichever best suits her own
selfish purposes, has put my master into a
corner from which there is apparently no
escape except by the making of a loan from
either France or Germany. Such a loan
would terminate Moroccan independence.
If it were made from France, she would
control our finances, and through our finan-
ces, all our affairs. We would become a
French colony in a year or two. Germany
would be no better. Our Lord and Master
would become only a puppet in the hands of
the country which made the loan, a beggar

upon a throne, and we-”

  He paused to light a cigaret.

  “We would be French or German sub-
jects,” concluded Mohamed Ali for him.
“And much I like the thought! But why
make the loan? What is the need?”

  “His Majesty obligated himself long ago
to do certain things. If he fails to do them,
France will interfere, will use his failure as
an excuse to secure from Europe a mandate
to manage our affairs for us. You and
many others have looked with scowls upon
my young master’s extravagance for the
past few years, failing to see that it was all
a plot and a successful one on the part of
Europe to bankrupt him, and thereby—”
he leaned forward and laid a stressing hand
upon Mohamed Ali’s knee—“and thereby
to prevent him from carrying out his agree-
ments. Mulai Abd-el-Aziz is young and
not very wise, and the political agents of
France and Germany and England have
deceived him and blinded him and taken
advantage of his youth and power and pas-
sions, and it has not been well for us. But
it was a plot. Now, having made it im-
possible for him to keep his agreements,
they prepare to insist upon it or upon the
control of Morocco. And that —”

  “Means sunset, the final sunset in sunset
land,” offered Mohamed Ali. “Allah kerim!
But what is then to be done except to
fight? I myself will guarantee to take care
of all the foreigners in the Gharb and as
many more as may come.”

  “It is not to be done that way, friend of
my heart,” said Kaid Dukali. “It would
be like the story of your ancient kinsman,
Sid Hercules, who found that for every head
of the dragon he cut off two new ones grew.

No, we are too weak to fight, and Europe
knows it, having weakened us. There is
but one way out. The Sultan must keep
his agreements. And that will take a mil-
lion pounds sterling.”

  “A million! Hmph! And when did the
Sultan ever have a million pounds in his
treasury? Not in my day, at least!”

  “True,” agreed Kaid Dukali. “But it
must be secured.”

  “I know a certain black magician in
Tangier,” said Mohamed Ali ironically,
“who calls himself Master of the Djinnoon.
Perhaps—perhaps his djinnoon could find
a million sterling in the air!”

  “No. It is Mohamed Ali who shall supply
the money.”

CHAPTER II
“trust not the sea, the sultan, nor the

FUTURE.”

MOHAMED ALI blinked blankly in
Kaid Dukali’s face.

  “I! ” he exclaimed. “I, Mohamed Ali,
secure a million pounds for the Sultan!
You joke! If it were a thousand or maybe
even ten thousand, I might find it. But a
hundred times that! You amuse yourself
with me!”

  “You are wrong,” corrected Kaid Dukali
seriously. “As you shall see. Now here is
a thing which is not talked about in the
market-places nor along the highways.
It is known to the Sultan and to me and to
one other—and to no one else, until I tell
it to Mohamed Ah, trusting him whether
he serves us or no. The Sultan Mulai el-
Hassan, father of our present Lord and
Master, died suddenly at Rabat, as you
know, upon his return from a long journey
through the south to punish certain rebel-
lious tribes, to collect tribute from them,
and, further, to secure what was due him
from certain great kaids who had not made
an accounting to him for several years.

  “Mulai Hassan’s sudden death made the
boy Abd-el-Aziz Sultan, and it also made
Bou Hamed regent. But here is the meat
of the matter. Not one real of the treasure
that Mulai Hassan collected in Sus was ever
seen again. Memoranda found after his
death showed it to be nearer two millions
of pounds than one million. It was in gold
and jewels, and that gold and those jewels
disappeared. But it was not stolen. Mulai
Hassan placed it in a safe place and died.”
The Treasure of Mulai El-Hassan

141

  “Hmph!” grunted Mohamed Ali. “An
interesting tale. But it appears that in
order to ascertain where Mulai Hassan hid
the gold, one would needs die and go to
Paradise to ask him.”

  “Almost but not quite. There is a cer-
tain note among the memoranda of Mulai
Hassan which we think is a clue to the
hiding place.”

  “Why, then, do you not go and seek?”

   “It is not a matter to be published to the
world. His Majesty can not go upon the
search, that should be clear. And I, I am
no warrior, and I fear death. And so I
have come to Mohamed Ah.”

  Mohamed Ah smiled grimly.

   “It is true,” he agreed, “that I enjoy bat-
tle and that I am no more afraid of death
than is Kaid Dukali. But I am interested
now. Why does warfare and death he
between His Majesty and the treasure?”
“Because I have said that one other per-
son knows this secret; yes, more, knows
where the treasure is hidden, which we
do not know. And that man is your old
enemy, Abd-es-Selam.”

  “Abd-es-Selam!” echoed Mohamed Ah.
And again, more gently—

  “Abd-es-Selam.”

  And, after a moment:

  “The matter becomes more plain. He
was Vizier of the Treasury for Mulai Has-
san, I remember. And opposed both the
naming of the boy Abd-el-Aziz as Mulai
Hassan’s successor and the appointing by
the ulema of Bou Hamed as Regent.”

  “Such was the case,” agreed Kaid Dukali.
“And, being shorn of power, therefore he
kept the secret of the dead Sultan’s
treasure.”

  “And now he plots against the Sultan
and his country,” added Mohamed Ah, and
his companion nodded.

  “But,” went on Mohamed, “why do you
think that Abd-es-Selam has not secured
the treasure long ago for his own use?”
“There are two reasons. One is, that we
have watched Abd-es-Selam, and we know
he is not rich. The other, the treasure must
have been hidden in or near Rabat and no
treasure has ever been taken from there.
For the good reason that upon the death
of Mulai Hassan, the people of that dis-
trict who had been punished by him became
unfriendly with the new Sultan and, as you
know, have guarded their land jealously
against visitors who might be spies. Only

within a month have they again become
friends. And still another reason is that
we beheve Abd-es-Selam is even now pre-
paring to seek the treasure. We know his
movements and they point to this. Where-
fore it is time for us to act, also.”

  “Allah! Yes,” growled Mohamed Ali.
“I should have acted before this, had I
been Sultan. I should have had Abd-es-
Selam stretched out between four ropes in
the palace courtyard with a slow fire burn-
ing beneath him. Then, I suspect, he would
have told me what he knew.”

  “No doubt! No doubt, fire-eater!” agreed
Kaid Dukali. “And the following day a
French warship would have been in Tan-
gier harbor demanding that such a cruel
tyrant be deposed, and at once.”

  “But the matter could be done secretly,”
objected Mohamed Ah.

  “There are few secrets in the court in
these days. If my master blows his royal
nose, the matter is reported in detail to the
French and German and English foreign
offices—even as to the number of blasts
blown and the sort of handkerchief used.
No! This thing must be accomphshed in
another way and that way Mohamed Ah
will no doubt discover in due season.”

  “And, of course, Mohamed Ah must re-
main outlaw in name at least,” offered
Mohamed Ah. “That I can see.”

  “Of course. But for only the time it will
require for you to perform this task. You
will have more strength in that way. The
Sultan will not be responsible—” he grinned
cheerfully—“for your actions. Nor will
you be impeded in any way. The means
you use do not concern us. Nor will you
have to account for them. One thing only
is desired. That you find the hidden
gold. Bring that to His Majesty and a
new career opens to you. Such a career
as, I think, will appeal strongly to Mo-
hamed Ali. And power such as few men
have had.”

  “As to the Viziership and the political
intelligence work, yes,” agreed the outlaw.
“But the matter of this task requires
thought.”

  “But I must return to Fez tonight.
What word shall I carry to my royal

master?”

  “Teh His Majesty that Mohamed Ah
will consider the matter.”

  “And your decision?”

  “I will communicate it to the Sultan as
142

Adventure

soon as I have decided. That will be
quickly. Tomorrow, perhaps.”

  Kaid Dukali rose, and Mohamed Ali
with him. The former tightened his belt
and offered his hand in farewell.

  At that moment there entered the head
of Mohamed Ali an idea—hazy, vague, but
the possible seed of a future action.

  “It may be,” he said, still holding Kaid
Dukali’s hand, “that I shall desire to send
an emissary to—to you or even to the
Sultan.”

  “He shall be accorded courteous treat-
ment,” Kaid Dukali assured him quickly.

  “He could deal, as my representative,
directly with His Majesty? That you
could arrange?”

  “Assuredly.”

  For a moment Mohamed Ali reflected,
his eyes watching Habiba chasing an elusive
but friendly dog.

  “In that case it may be that I shall send
one whom I think you know. A distant
cousin of mine who is blind of one eye and
a beggar to boot. Aisa, the One-Eyed, he
is called.”

  “I recall him because of his resemblance
to you—except for the inevitable bandage
over the blind eye.”

  “That resemblance,” said Mohamed Ali
with a smile, “used to get him into difficul-
ties before he became blind. And I think
that he now affects the bandage in order that
he may not be mistaken for his cousin.
He has reason, I grant. So then, it is he
whom I shall send. And furthermore, he
will wear upon the first finger of his right
hand the ring which I now wear, the one
which was a gift from Kaid Dukali upon
a certain occasion.”

  He twisted the hand that held the Kaid’s
so that a broad silver ring, deeply chased
with the conventionalized wild roses which
mark Marraksli workmanship, was re-
vealed.

  “It is well,” agreed Dukali. “Thus may
we be doubly certain that nothing goes
wrong. Good-by then—selaama. And may
Allah guide your decision.”

  “It is He who shall decide,” made answer
Mohamed Ali simply, and sped his guest
upon the road.

  As Kaid Dukali’s horse stirred up a trail
of yellow dust down the hillside, Mohamed
Ali walked slowly toward his house. Habi-
ba dashed from behind a giant cactus and
grasped his hand, running beside him.

  “Allah shall send,” she repeated. “But,
Mohamed Ali, what shall he send?”

 “Aha!” laughed Mohamed Ali. “You
have asked your father the meaning of the

new words. What shall he send? Well,
now—I think, perhaps, he shall send Mo-
hamed Ali into strange places. Run back
now, little one, and perhaps later we shall
play again.”

g*»gJl NOW, Mohamed Ali was far from
■Fpll being a fool. He trusted Kaid
Dukali farther than he trusted any
other man. But he trusted no man
wholly. Who can know the heart of a man?
What man is today the same as he was
yesterday? What man will be the same to-
morrow as today? Mohamed Ali knew that
the Mohamed Ali of yesterday was not the
Mohamed Ali of today, and that another day
—every day—would see a new man in the
other form of Mohamed Ali.

  This being true, other men must be the
same. And as it was beyond his ability
to know what changes would take place
overnight in the inner person of Mohamed
Ali, was it not still more impossible to antici-
pate what changes would take place be-
tween sunrise and sunset in another person?
Wherefore Mohamed Ali trusted almost
wholly, but not quite. Only as wholly as
he trusted himself, which sometimes was a
great deal, and sometimes not at all. Which
is wisdom.

  Now, Kaid Dukali he trusted more than
most men, but the matter needed consider-
ation nevertheless. Even if Kaid Dukali
were trustworthy, even not excepting that
hair’s breadth of doubt which wisdom keeps
in mind, was there not the chance that he
was being deceived? That Dukali knowing-
ly would lead him into a trap was incon-
ceivable. That Dukali might be the un-
suspecting bait in a trap which others had
built, there was a possibility.

  “It has been wisely' said,” he reflected,
“ ‘Trust not the sea, the Sultan nor the
future!’ We must have proper-safeguards.
Now in the past I have always found it the
course of wisdom to risk my head in order
to protect it. If one only waits long enough
in the same place, in due course the execu-
tioner will arrive with his sword. It is
much better to risk it knowingly than un-
knowingly. Wherefore I think that Mo-
hamed Ali must most quickly ascertain the
truth of present matters and so bind the
The Treasure of Mulai El-Hassan

143

 future that there may be no undue tricks
 played with Mohamed Ah’s head. And
 that unquestionably involves that I subject
 it to a very real risk without further delay.”

CHAPTER III

“what my eyes see, my head believes.”

 THE quarters of Kaid Dukali were in
 the Sultan’s own palace in Fez, as
 befitted one who was His Majesty’s most
 intimate friend. But each domicile in the
 royal home—and there were many—was
 independent of all the others. More so, in
 fact, than in an American apartment house,
 for while there were common avenues of
 ingress and egress, each domicile had its
 own private and secret modes of entry and
 exit. And, as family life is much more pri-
 vate in the orient than in the Occident, there
 did not exist the usual opportunities to ob-
 serve what was taking place in the homes of
 one’s neighbors. Which has both advan-
 tages and disadvantages, as has the more
 pubhc manner of living to which a less
 sensitive people is accustomed.

   Kaid Dukali was taking his ease in a
 crimson velvet house-gown, lying upon
 great silken cushions and inhaling the
 pungent Persian tobacco smoke from a
 silver-mounted hookah, when his serving
 man, Mustapha, announced to him that he
 who was known as Aisa, the One-Eyed,
 waited upon him.

   There was that in Mustapha’s voice
 which clearly advised his master to let
 Aisa, the One-Eyed, wait until he should
 become tired of waiting and should go away,
 and patent disapproval when Kaid Dukali
 ordered that Aisa be brought into his pres-
 ence. He leaned forward and moved the
 two tall brass candlesticks, Which stood on
 either side of him before the couch.

    “But he did not also tell me to say that
 he is a beggar, and not an overly clean one
 at that, which he manifestly is. If my
 master desires to send him a few reales, I
 will carry them to him and send him upon
 his way.”

    “Keeping, of course, half of the alms for
 yourself.”

   The shot went home, and Mustapha
 shuffled uneasily.

   “No. Bring him here as I have ordered.
 And let us not be interrupted. He is a
 Sanussiyah as you probably do not know,

    and I would discuss with him a question of
 a sum I wish to give to the Brotherhood.”
 Now as beggars are of an honorable pro-
 fession throughout the orient, frequently
 being accredited representatives of great
 religious brotherhoods such as the Sanus-
 siyah, there was nothing extraordinary in
 the fact that the Sultan’s friend should re-
 ceive one of them in his own house.

   “Very well, sidi,” said Mustapha, with
the privilege of ah old servants. “But
nevertheless, even a Sanussiyah beggar
need not smell like a fandak. But I shall
bring him at once,” and he withdrew, to
return in a moment with the beggar.

   There was no doubt that Aisa, the One-
Eyed, smelled hke a fandak, even as Musta-
pha had said. From his patched and an-
cient brown djellaba emanated the odor
of the caravanserai-—that medley of smells
of horses and camels and mules, of kerosene
and bad tobacco and burning dung. It
hung about him, preceded him into the
room, fought for a moment with the power-
ful Persian tobacco and overcame it quite.
The nose of Kaid Dukali, attuned to the
dehcate perfumes of the court, wrinkled in
derision, but his eyes were friendly as he
bravely motioned the beggar to the cushion
beside him.

   “Your pardon, sidi,” answered the beg-
gar. “But if you permit, I will sit here
at a httle distance. I have been ill of a
cold—” he touched his breast—“and for
two days have lain in the fandak of Achmed
el-Larbi, near the north gate. I fear my
clothing—” an almost imperceptible smile
brushed the corners of his mouth—“might
contaminate the sweet perfumes of your
own.”

   He squatted down upon the floor, per-
haps four paces from the Kaid.

  “Hmph!” grunted Mustapha, waiting
out of curiosity near the door. “It would
contaminate a corpse I think.”

   Kaid Dukali’s curt voice sent him mut-
tering away, to close the door irritably
behind him, and to gibe with his fellow
servants at the habits and customs of
Sanussiyah beggars.

   “And besides,” continued Aisa when the
door had closed, “it is quite true that I
have a cold—” he coughed harshly, and
went on in a hoarser voice—“and I have
heard that colds are contagious.”

   “And I have heard,” said Kaid Dukali,
“that one called Aisa, the One-Eyed, once
144

Adventure

graduated from the madrissah at Fez, and
therefore is qualified to speak with wisdom
concerning colds and many other matters.
Such, for example, as-”

  He paused, and dragged at the amber
mouthpiece of his hookah.

  “Such as matters connected with our
cousin, Mohamed Ah.” The beggar com-
pleted his sentence. “Yes. Assuredly I
did not come at this time of night to ask
alms. Wherefore-”

  He stretched out a dirty hand, upon the
first finger of which gleamed the ring of
Mohamed Ah.

  “That was to be the guarantee, I was
told.”

  “All is in order,” agreed the Kaid.
“You bring a message from Mohamed Ah?”

  Aisa, the One-Eyed, adjusted shghtly the
filthy bandage which concealed one eye,
scratched a little in the brown beard which
covered his face.

  “It was told to me that an arrangement
would be made whereby I should speak
directly to the Sultan.”

  Now it was Kaid Dukali’s turn to scratch
his head. To promise Mohamed Ah that
his emissary should be respected and
granted an audience with the Commander
of the Faithful, was one thing. To find that
emissary to be a ragged beggar, smelhng
unto heaven, left him in some embarrass-
ment. It occurred to him that he might
array the mendicant in some of his own
clothes after giving him a bath or two, but
immediately thereafter it occurred to him
that with this particular beggar he could
do nothing of the sort. He looked up from
his short reverie to catch a mocking smile
upon the face of the One-Eyed. Being a
man of wit, he returned it without em-
barrassment.

  “Your difficulty is understood,” said
Aisa. “But have you not forgotten that
the Sidna—” he used the native term for
His Majesty—“has proclaimed that all
men of learning are welcome to audience
with him? And, being a f’kee of the
madrissah of Fez, can not I justly account
myself a man of learning? That in case
any one should see us and be inchned to
wonder.”

  “Yes, that story will do for those who
may be inquisitive as to the matter. As for
the Sidna, well, he will know you for what
you are.”

  “At least in part,” agreed the One-Eyed.

“And as for the rest, I am the representa-
tive of Mohamed Ah.”

  “That is what I meant.”

  “But to speak plainly with you,” said
Aisa, now more seriously, “Mohamed Ah
has told me all that he knows about this
matter, of course, and I do not like it. I
have not Mohamed Ah’s head nor heart,
but I am afraid of this business. Not only
must he risk his hfe a dozen times if he
undertakes this task but, after it is done,
he must then risk his head upon the Sultan’s
approval. He has but one head—and Sul-
tans are Sultans, as you no doubt know.”
“I know well,” agreed Kaid Dukali.
“But also I know well this particular Sidna.
And who better? Beheve me when I say
to you that he is sincere in this; that he
needs what only Mohamed Ali can ac-
complish. He will reward, as I have said.
As for the risk that Mohamed Ali takes in
the doing of this thing, Mohamed Ah said
naught to you of the dangers he would run.”
“True. True. Nevertheless, I have thought
of them somewhat. But the greatest dan-
ger, as I see it, is that, once the work is
done, His Majesty may be forgetful. And
his loss of memory will mean the loss of
Mohamed Ah’s head.”

  “I will place my own as hostage,” an-
swered Kaid Dukali, and rose to walk
swiftly up and down the room. “Allah
keriml” he exploded, striding up to the
figure squatting upon the floor. “You
talk as if I were trying to trick Mohamed
Ali, while I love him more than a brother.
Mohamed Ali has but to ask me for my hfe
and it is his. Does he not know this?
Does he think I trick him? That I lead
him into a trap? That I—that I—Allah!”
“No,” answered the beggar, “he does not
think as you have said. That I know. But
let us talk with the Sidna if the time is ripe.”
“Yes, let us talk with the Sidna,” an-
swered Kaid Dukali, picking up a white
sulham and donning it. “Let us see
whether you, f’kee of the university, think
that Mulai Abd-el-Aziz, boy as he is, needs
aid, or is trying to trick your cousin and
my friend. Come!”

  He threw back a heavy curtain, revealing
a small doorway, through which they
passed into a long dim corridor. At the
far end Kaid Dukali held up a detaining
hand.

  “These are the Sidna’s apartments,” he
explained, “Wait here until I return.”
The Treasure of Mulai El-Hassan

145

THE One-Eyed squatted obedi-
ently upon the tessellated floor
in the posture of the beggar the
world over. He had not long to
wait. The door was opened discreetly and
Kaid Dukali beckoned him to enter. He
followed his guide through another short
corridor, shuffled past a heavy velvet cur-
tain which Dukali held back for him, and
realized that he was in a small room, un-
furnished save for a splendid rug and a
divan, realized rather than observed, be-
cause upon the divan sat a figure swathed in
white, sat with legs folded beneath him like
the Buddha, his hands folded in his lap.
His roundish, pale face was shadowed by
the sparse, short, black beard of adolescence,
and his eyes were either deep-set or sunken,
as of one who bears burdens of state or low
vitality.

  The beggar observed these things in the
time it required for the four paces which
took him to the divan, there to kneel swiftly
and to kiss the effeminate white hand which
His Majesty, Mulai-el-Aziz, Prince of Islam,
Commander of the Faithful and Sultan of
Morocco, extended in the supreme earthly
blessing of Islam.

  “A boy in truth,” thought the beggar
even as his lips felt the contact of the
royal skin. “And in no wise qualified to
be absolute monarch over such a people
as we are. Now his father, Mulai el-Has-

  He rose at the Sultan’s command and,
again at the royal word, squatted upon
the carpet before the divan. And Kaid
Dukali, at a motion from his master, seated
himself upon the carpet, but at the very
edge of the divan. Thus he was placed
between the Sultan and Mohamed Ali’s
emissary.

  “What reply does our cousin send us?”
asked the Sultan of Dukali instead of the
beggar.

  His acknowledgment of relationship was
not a mere courtesy. Mohamed Ali came
in as direct a hne from the Prophet, was as
pute-blooded a shareef as His Majesty him-
self, and consequently cousin to ah other
Descendants of the Prophet.

  Dukali shook his head.

  “His emissary has not told me, but re-
quested that Mohamed Ali’s decision be
given directly to Your Majesty. But I
fear that Mohamed Ah is not fully assured

of our sincerity in this matter.”

   10

  The heavy, white eyelids of Mulai Abd-el-
Aziz fell wearily over the dark eyes.

  “We can not find it in our heart to blame
him,” said the young prince. “In ah the
empire, yes, and in all Europe, there is
nothing but doubt or distrust of us. And
there is reason, there is reason.”

  His voice held the bitterness of disil-
lusioned youth.

  “But in the name of Allah the Merciful,
from whom we plead for mercy, where can
we find those we can trust? Disappoint-
ment after disappointment, betrayal upon
betrayal, treason upon treason! With the
result—” he drew a hand across his eyes
as if to rub away a mist—“with the re-
sult that all expect trickery and deceit from
one whom they have endlessly tricked and
deceived. Surely Allah has not set our
feet in a good road. As for our cousin,
Mohamed Ah, he has aided our enemies
by making trouble in our empire. Never-
theless, he is a man in a country where
men have become few, and he is no traitor
to his own land, of that we are well assured.
Wherefore—wherefore we had it in mind
that he might aid us.”

He paused wearily gazing at the carpet.
“Your Majesty,” began the beggar, with-
out the permission he should have sought,
“arc tliere not still men of wit in Ai Mogh-

reb? Is the empire so poor in minds-”

  “There are men of wit serving the in-
terests of Europe. There are good minds
filled with treason. There are able men
plotting against us. But we stand alone
except for our good and wise friend Duk-
ali—” he laid a hand upon the Kaid’s shoul-
der—“and needing a man of strength, of
cleverness and daring, but above all, one
who would not sell our empire and his coun-
try for a tarboosh full of silver—yes. And
because, also, our friend Dukali has love
for Mohamed Ah as well as a vast belief
in his ability which—” he smiled wryly, as
remembrance of some of Mohamed Ali’s
exploits passed through his mind—“which
we also believe to be considerable. But
now inform us of our cousin’s decision.”
“Your Majesty believes that Mohamed
Ali can do this thing that you desire, and
that, in the doing of it, he will not become
as the others?”

  There was no hesitation in the young
Sultan’s reply, and that small fact kept him
upon his throne.

  “Were Mohamed Ah hke the others he
146

Adventure

would not have defied us openly as he
has, but would have sought our smiles
while his mind plotted against us. No.
Our cousin is not only daring and able,
but I am assured that he also loves his
country if not his Sultan. Wherefore
we would trust him with our throne.”
“Then, Your Majesty,” said the beggar,
rising suddenly and straight and tearing
the bandage from a perfectly healthy and
glowing eye, “Mohamed Ali will serve you.”

CHAPTER IV

“TRUTH?—AND WHAT IS TRUTH?’'

f I 'HE bent back was gone, the face was
no longer the face of the professional
beggar, the mouth was parted in a smile,
and it was the clear voice of Mohamed All
which boomed the words. And then, before
the amazed eyes of the Sultan and Kaid
Dukali had contracted to normal, Mohamed
Ali knelt swiftly again at the divan of Mulai
Abd-el-Aziz.

  Upon the Sultan’s face amusement and
something else slowly replaced surprize.
His eyes sought Dukali’s, and found them
glowing. Dukali nodded his head as a man
nods who thinks that he should have known.
His master nodded likewise, and extended
his hand to the man who for a year had
defied him and his troops.

  “Rise, cousin,” he said.

  And with a flash of insight, as Mohamed
Ali obeyed the command—

  “You are now satisfied of our sincerity?”
  “I am satisfied, Your Majesty.”

  “And you have no fear that now—now
that Mohamed Ah, outlaw, is within our

palace walls-”

  There was no need for him to complete
the question. Mohamed Ali’s laugh filled
the little room.

  “Had I feared, oh Sidna, I would still
be Aisa, the beggar.”

  “You are a man such as our father, Mulai
el-Hassan was. May Allah bestow blessings
upon him!”

  “I served him/’ replied Mohamed Ali
swiftly. “And loved him. Now I shall
serve his son as best I may.”

  “And the son of Mulai el-Hassan will
serve Mohamed Ali also to the extent of

granting full pardon for his—-his-”

  The royal tongue stumbled in search for
the proper word.

  “Indiscretions?” suggested Mohamed Ah
smiling.

  “It will do. Indiscretions. Although that
does not seem to be precisely the word.”
The Sultan’s expressive lips twitched.

  “But that, Your Majesty, Mohamed Ali
can not accept.”

  “Can not accept? You do not wish
pardon for your crimes?”

  This time the word came forth.

  “No,” answered Mohamed AH. His bold
eyes held those of the young Shareef. “No.
Not until my mission is accomplished.”
“Ah-h,” breathed the Sultan, his face
clearing again.

  “Such was the offer,” continued Mo-
hamed Ah. “Was it not so, Dukali? That
pardon was to depend upon my success!”

  “It was so, Mohamed,” agreed Dukali.
“And such being the bargain,” went on
Mohamed Ali, “it is best that it remain so.
I ask no favors, Your Majesty, even from
the Sultan. I think Your Majesty under-
stands.”

  The Commander of the Faithful nodded.
“We understand, Mohamed Ah, and we
do not think we would have had you do
otherwise. But you have daring!”

  “Independence might be a better word,
Your Majesty.”

  “We accept that word also,” replied the
Sultan. “So be it. And thus you remain
outlaw for a space. Somehow—somehow
we feel the need of you, Mohamed Ali.”

  “It were better so, Sidna. For reasons
which do not concern me, as well as for
reasons which do. Outlaw still, the Throne
will not be responsible for my acts. But
of still greater importance is the fact that
thus wih dust be thrown in the eyes of your
enemies and mine.”

  “It is a point well made,” agreed His
Majesty.

  “There is nothing further to be known by
me concerning this treasure?” asked Mo-
hamed Ali.

  “I have told him,” explained Dukali, “all
that we know.”

  “There is nothing else then,” said the
Sultan. “We know that somewhere in
Rabat the treasure is hidden. That Abd-es-
Selam knows where it lies, and is planning
to get it to use in his efforts to wreck our
empire. He is a traitor! He is a traitor!
But as yet we can not prove it. All we
could do was to bring him. to the palace,
as a Chamberlain, where we could watch
The Treasure of Mulai El-Hassan

147

him somewhat. But that is no protection.
He plots with both French and German,
hoping to become governor when the empire
shaU die. No, we can teU you nothing more.
But we are assured that Abd-es-Selam is
now endeavoring to secure the treasure.”
“The matter is in our hands,” assented
Mohamed Ali. “It may be—it may be that
in the course of this business certain ones
will have to be removed. For that I should
like the approval of Your Majesty in ad-
vance of the need.”

  “It is granted. Leave us safe—” he
smiled tiredly— “Leave us safe our friend
Dukali, and you may remove without much
danger of working injustice or in bringing
regret to our heart.”

  “That is good,” commended Mohamed
Ali. “When the security of thrones and
nations is concerned one can not be squeam-
ish. Not to mention my own head.”

  “And so—” he rose—“and so I begin
my work. There is need of haste, I think.”
“Great need,” acquiesced the Sultan.
“There is but a month left in which to cut
the rope which Europe has placed about our
neck.”

  “The rope shall be cut, Sidna, or Mo-
hamed Ah will not be here to see it drawn
taut. With your permission I go. But wait,
I have just remembered. As I waited at the
door, a certain Kaid Andus, whom I tricked
once by this same blind beggar’s costume,
saw me. And I think—I think he remem-
bered. In fact, I am quite sure he remem-
bered. But Dukali opened the door just
then and bade me enter. Perhaps—and
your Majesty desires—it would be well to
inquire if he has—hm—-done anything.”
“Inquire, Dukali,” requested the Sultan.
Dukali parted the wall hangings and
clapped his hands. The captain of the
palace guards appeared almost instantly.
Dukah, standing so as to conceal those with-
in the room, asked if there were news con-
nected with Kaid Andus. The captain
grunted.

  “He is a fool, sidi. Half an hour ago he
had the palace in a turmoil looking for a
certain blind beggar whom he vowed was
Mohamed Ah, the outlaw. As if Mohamed
Ali would dare come here as a blind beggar

or otherwise! Moreover—moreover-”

  The captain hesitated. Dukah voiced his
thought.

  “Moreover, he told that he saw this beg-
gar with me. Is it not true?”

  “Yes, sidi. That is what he said. How-
ever, he found his beggar sitting at the
entrance to your quarters, sidi. Haled him
up and investigated most thoroughly an
indecently filthy eye-bandage, and a ragged
djellaba, and Allah remembers what else.
With the sole result that he found the beggar
to be one Aisa, the One-Eyed, and not Mo-
hamed Ali at all. After which the beggar
disappeared, I know not where.”

  Dukah dismissed him, and turned a puz-
zled face upon Mohamed Ah, who was
chuckling, and thence upon the Sultan,
whose bewilderment was manifest.

  “Oh,” explained Mohamed Ah. “That
was just a little precaution of mine. It was
Aisa, the One-Eyed, you see. I had him
come and wait quietly at your door, my
thought being that if anything should arise,
he might be useful. I hope it teaches Kaid
Andus a lesson. He should not form the
habit of seizing innocent beggars under the
behef that they are outlaws.”

  “Allah, what a man!” exploded the
Sultan.

  But Dukali only shook his head, as one
who should never be surprized, and both he
and Mohamed Ah bowed low as His Majes-
ty lifted a hand in blessing and farewell, and
dropped the curtains behind him.

  On their way back to the apartments of
Dukali, Kaid Andus with two companions
approached. At sight of the beggar, the
Kaid’s companions turned upon him faces
of mirth, and voiced words that stung. But
Mohamed Ah, the bandage again in place,
glared at him with one eye as he passed and
called down a generous curse upon him.
To which Kaid Andus made no reply save
a black scowl and half-mouthed epithet
which brought from Mohamed Ali’s hps a
cracked laugh of mirth.

  “Thus it is with all this little world,
Dukali,” he said. “We hold error and think
it is truth, and when truth faces us, we think
it falsehood.”

CHAPTER V

“ALLAH GIVES ME MY FATHER, BUT I MAY
CHOOSE MY OWN MASTER.”

OW UP to the moment that Mohamed
Ah came face to face with Kaid Andus
in the corridor leading to the Sultan’s quar-
ters, his mind was vacant of plans. He had
left his feet to the direction of Allah. But
148

Adventure

the incident of the seizure of the real Aisa,
the One-Eyed, by Kaid Andus, and the
meeting between the Kaid and the pseudo-
Aisa, gave Mohamed Ah a plan which he
thought would serve him for the present at
least. As Aisa the beggar whose identity
had been established to the full satisfaction
and chagrin of Kaid Andus and others, he,
Mohamed Ah, would remain about the pal-
ace for a few day, seeing and hearing what
he might see and hear.

  Alms-giving plays an important part in
the practical religion of Islam. “Be con-
stant in prayer, and give alms,” was one of
the commands of the Prophet. Wherefore
there is much purchasing of merit by alms-
giving and the feeding and care of beggars.

  Mohamed Ah knew that his begging bowl
would bring him sustenance wherever he
might be, and that no man in the palace,
great or humble, would turn away the poor
and the stranger as represented by the sup-
posed mendicant. Thus he would be at the
very core of things to observe and to be
guided by his observations. And moreover,
he would be in immediate touch with Kaid
Dukali should emergencies arise.

  The Kaid balked at the plan when Mo-
hamed Ali submitted it to him, but after a
little reflection, was mastered by the child-
like simplicity and impudence of it. Where-
fore:

  “If Allah has you not in His keeping,” he
said, “He assuredly has no sense of humor.”

  And watched his shuffle from the room
to seek food and a place to sleep.

  The royal palace is a big structure, each
part connected with the others by corridors.
Mohamed Ah chose one at random, and
started down it, carrying in one hand a worn
black begging bowl. It mattered little to
him at the moment whither he went. He
desired to think, and for that purpose one
corridor was as good as another.

  Now the burden of Mohamed Ali’s
thoughts rested upon Abd-es-Selam, the
Chamberlain. Abd-es-Selam, and apparent-
ly no one else, knew where the treasure was
hidden. He reviewed in his mind the events
connected with the sudden death of Mulai
el-Hassan, such as were known.

  That active Sultan had died, as Dukali
had said, outside the high walls of Rabat
city. Bou Hamed, his chief Vizier, desiring
to make the boy Abd-el-Aziz Sultan, instead
of permitting one of el-Hassan’s brothers to
seize the throne, had concealed the fact of

the death except from some of his own
slaves, had cut a hole through the fifty feet
thickness of the city wall and in dead of
night carried the body of el-Hassan to a
hiding-place in the city. The next day he
had summoned the ulema, or city fathers,
into the mosque, had then placed his own
troops at the door and had given the fathers
their choice of proclaiming Abd-el-Aziz Sul-
tan of Morocco, or of being shot down as
they went out.

  Abd-es-Selam had been with Mulai el-
Hassan on this last expedition and had pos-
session of the treasure collected by the
monarch from friends and enemies.

  What, pondered Mohamed Ah, could be
guessed from these facts? Only, it seemed,
that Abd-es-Selam had known of the Sul-
tan’s death at once, despite Bou Hamed’s
efforts to keep it a state secret. Wherefore
at the time Bou Hamed was forcing the
naming of a new Sultan, Abd-es-Selam was
secreting the treasure of which he was cus-
todian. Mohamed Ali wondered why Bou
Hamed, as regent, had not wrung the truth
from Abd-es-Selam, not knowing that the
attempt had been made, and had failed.
Abd-es-Selam had wit. But from the known
facts-

  Suddenly there flashed through Mohamed
Ali’s head the recollection that the great
city wall of Rabat—seventy feet high and
fifty thick—was honey-combed with rooms
and passages, most of them long ago sealed
up and forgotten.

  “HmphI” observed Mohamed Ali to him-
self. “If Bou Hamed cut a hole through
the wall, Abd-se-Selam probably followed
that hole till he found a place to hide the
treasure. But that is only saying that the
gold is in the city wall. As there must be
five miles of walls, the treasure is not yet
found. And now it grows late. Let us seek
a patron who will give us a httle food and
a spot in which to sleep. Which way shall
I go? Down this way? Very good.” He
shuffled along. “Yes, also we must net a
few plotters along the road. Notably Abd-
es-Selam, Abd-es-Selam, Abd-es— Allah
keriml”

  He beat his forehead impatiently with his
knuckles.

  “My head grows fit for nothing save to
put over a city gate! Or to eat with! Abd-
es-Selam of course! It is he who shah give
me food and a place to sleep for a few days!”

  And, feeling better, he strode ahead in
The Treasure of Mulai El-Hassan

149

search of the lodgings of the man he was
pitted against.

  Thus it came about that Abd-se-Selam,
returning somewhat late to his apartment,
found squatting at his door a beggar who
at once began a husky petition for food and
permission to sleep in the hall. Abd-es-
Selam ignored his pleas, but a little later
one of the servants, more charitable than
the master, led him off to the servants’
quarters, fed him abundantly, and granted
permission for him to spend the night wher-
ever he wished. Mohamed Ah invoked the
blessing of Allah upon him, disposed of the
food, sought a corner of the room and, wrap-
ping himself in his djellaba, apparently com-
posed himself to sleep.

  But although his bones were at rest, his
brain was not. This suddenly conceived
plan to walk in the very shadow of Abd-se-
Selam, and its success, thus far at least, gave
him food for thought. He had gained a cer-
tain advantage, and the situation amused
him. But while one might pick the lock to
the tiger’s cage, and enter, it was not well
to overlook the fact that it might be ex-
tremely difficult to get out.

  And that it • was a tiger’s cage he was
in, Mohamed Ah had no doubt. He knew
Abd-es-Selam and Abd-es-Selam’s reputa-
tion quite well enough to realize acutely that
if his present host had the slightest suspi-
cion that the body of Mohamed Ah lay be-
neath the patched djellaba of the beggar,
Mohamed Ah’s life was not worth a grain
of dust. And Mohamed Ah rarely, if ever,
made that mistake which has been fatal to
so many brilhant minds. He never under-
estimated the ability or strength of his ene-
my. To a striking degree he possessed the
power to judge that ability and that strength,
and this power was both his shield and
sword.

  Time passed, and sleep pressed lightly
upon the eyes of Mohamed Ah. His ego
sank slowly into the dark sea of uncon-
sciousness and then rose again swiftly, as
a diver who sees danger. Two black slaves
had entered the room and oblivious to the
figure which lay in the shadows beyond the
light of the solitary candle-lantern, began
to talk in hushed voices.

  “—-—and, if you were not my brother,
I should not tell you these things.”

  Mohamed Ah caught the incomplete sen-
tence.

  “As it is, your life is as my own and, by

Allah! I know that shortly neither of them
may be worth a copper coin. I, at least,
prefer to seek safety in flight, and immediate
flight at that.”

  “There is no doubt in your mind-”

  The voice was slow, as of a man think-
ing deeply.

  “Doubt? How can there be doubt when,
as I told you, I chanced to overhear a cer-
tain thing, and so crept up behind the cur-
tains so that I might hear all. Aye, and see,
too. There were our master and that Ger-
man medico whose name I do not remem-
ber-”

  “Langmann.”

  His brother’s voice held scorn, for Herr
Langmann was known for his services in
securing European virgins for the young
Sultan’s harem.

  “Langmann, yes. The name comes badly
to my tongue. And so I overheard the plot
to poison the Sidna and to elevate in his
place that half-brother of his who loves the
Germans. Now the plot may succeed al-
though I, for one, do not desire it so to do.
In that case we are safe. But if it fails
and if our master be detected, he and all
his household including ourselves, will

quickly cease to be. Wherefore-”

  “Wherefore I am of your opinion. Let
us seek safety. We can go whence we came,
and none can find us. And how will they
try to take the life of the Sidna?”

  “That I do not know. Lan, the German,
spoke of a certain machine with which to
make pictures. I was forced to go away
before I heard. But what I know is suf-
ficient. Let us go and make ready.”

  “Yes, let us go speedily. And the journey
that our master planned—to Rabat—is that
abandoned?”

  “No, we are making ready-”

  The words ceased to reach the ears of
Mohamed Ah as the two slaves left the
room. But he had heard enough to cause
him to forget that he had had no sleep.
Here was news for him to chew on. Allah
had rewarded his temerity abundantly, in
truth.

  “And,” he muttered, “if my head was
worth little more than nothing before, what,
by the beard of the Prophet, is it worth
now? This thing of getting the money for
Abd-el-Aziz begins to take on another color.
Now let us try to think what Mohamed Ah
can do in the present matter.”

  The djellabaed figure stirred restlessly,
Adventure

rolled over and suddenly sat upright, staring
round-eyed at the distant candle light.

  “Now,” said Mohamed Ali to himself
audibly, “a while ago I said that my head
grows fit only to nail over a city gate.
Again I say it. For a quarter of an hour
I have been only thinking that I thought.”

  He rose quietly, and slipped out of the
room. Then through the corridors, deserted
save for sleepy guards who had no interest
in a restless beggar so long as he kept to the
passage-ways, he found his way to the palace
yard, and to the stables of Kaid Dukali.

   “Filial!”

  He whispered the name into the darkness,
and waited.

   “Filial!”

   A little leuder this time.

  “The servant sleeps while the master
labors,” he grumbled.

  Then from the blackness came a cough,
the sound of straw disturbed and another
voice whispered the name “Aisa” as the
unseen speaker approached.

  “Now,” when they were in the court-
yard, “these are the things you are to do,
and the precise manner in which you are to
do them.”

  He spoke slowly for a httle space while
Filial, the negro, nodded his head or grunted
in token of understanding.

  “Good,” said Mohamed AH at last. “Now
go, and remember that your life answers to
me for your failure.”

  “I have never failed Mohamed Ah.

  There was pride and a httle childish
resentment in the voice.

  “That is true,” agreed Mohamed Ali.
“But go speedily.”

  And he returned to the lodgings of Abd-
es-Selam to sleep a little and to think much
before the early sun called the palace folk
to another day.

CHAPTER VI

“he WHO USES MY NAME, PLAYS WITH MY
DESTINY.”

MOHAMED ALI found little welcome
from Dukali’s servant, Mustapha,
but by reminding him with some force of
his master’s words on the previous day, at
last succeeded in sending word to the Kaid.
Again the beggar entered the luxurious quar-
ters of the Sultan’s intimate, and found him
disposing lazily of breakfast.

  “Although I might as well declare my
true self as to be seen in the house of Kaid
Dukah,” said Mohamed Ah, “the matter
is of sufficient importance to take the risk.”
And he told in a few words the story of
the preceding night. Dukali’s laziness fled.

  “A machine for making pictures, a
camera. Hmph! They take advantage of
my master’s interest in photography, that
same interest which has set hah the religious
fanatics of the country to charging him with
breaking the laws of Islam!”

  He referred to that prohibition of the
Prophet against the making of an image of
any hving thing, which accounts for there
being none of the graphic form of art among
the Moslems.

  “And this machine is designed to commit
murder. Very well, I shall see that it does
not reach the Sultan. Abd-es-Selam grows
brave and the Germans desperate. No, I
am wrong. Abd-es-Selam will see to it that
his skirts are clear. The blame will fall on

Langmann, that is assured. But-”

  “I have thought the same,” agreed Mo-
hamed Ah. “And the manner seems clear.
He will present the machine in his capacity
of Chamberlain.”

  “You are right,” Dukali interrupted him.
“And, if it fails in its purpose or if that
purpose is thwarted, rather, Abd-es-Selam
will be only an innocent Chamberlain who
has been tricked by Herr Langmann.”
“Precisely,” agreed Mohamed Ali.

  “But Abd-es-Selam’s slaves? The one
who overheard?”

  “Gone,” said Mohamed Ali. Could I
stop him? I am only Aisa, the beggar.

  “True again. And that seems to be the
end of that string. Now, let us see. Even
though we can not catch Abd-es-Selam in
this case, there is the German to be thought
of. Assuredly we should be able to cause
this matter to dispose of at least one
plotter.”

  “So I had thought.”

  “No doubt. I cannot imagine your fail-
ing to do so. And your plan!”

  “As Allah is my witness, I have none,”
protested Mohamed Ah. “Such things are
not for me. Clean, open intrigue is one
thing, but this business of plotting and mur-
der and Allah knows what else, finds me
unprepared. It is your meat, Dukah, and
you must eat it. As for me, I have business
to attend to elsewhere.”

  He arose.
The Treasure of Mulai El-Hassan	151

  “Allah go with thee,” said Dukali. “And
as for this other matter, I think I can
manage it.”

  “No doubt, no doubt, as a rider manages
his favorite horse,” replied Mohamed Ah
dryly, and shuffled out, leaving the Kaid
to his problem.

 Now Mohamed Ah had noted what
seemed to him an unusual stirring about in
the house of Abd-es-Selam, and suspected
that it was due to preparations for the de-
parture of the master to Rabat. Wherefore
be returned to the house and took up a posi-
tion near the kitchen where he could ob-
serve what was going on. He had sat but
a little while when Abd-es-Selam, followed
by several servants, entered. Catching
sight of the beggar Abd-es-Selam ap-
proached him.

  “Who are you and what do you here?”
he asked.

  The beggar fingered his begging bowl
nervously, looking timidly at his questioner.

  “I—I—manifestly the sidi has forgotten
that—that last night he found me at his
door and generously instructed one of his
slaves to give me food and shelter.”

  This was an untruth, but the beggar knew
his man.

  “It is good to give food and shelter to the
poor and to the stranger. So says the Book.

And it also says-”

  “Perhaps—” Abd-es-Selam’s voice chopped
off his words bluntly— “Perhaps the Book
is as well known to me as to you. I asked
who you are?”

  Now did the heart of Mohamed Ali turn
sick for a swift moment. But he mastered
his alarm.

  “I—I am he they call Aisa, the One-Eyed.
A Sanussiyah pilgrim, master, making pil-
grimage to the shrine of Mulai Idrees at
Meknez. Yes, yes. Aisa, the One-Eyed.
Yesterday, or was it longer ago, they mis-
took me for Mohamed Ah. Ha-ha!” His
laugh was hke a hen’s cackle. “Mistook
me, Aisa, the beggar, who has but one eye.
Only one eye, sidi. Do you wish to see
where the other was?”

  One filthy paw touched the bandage.

  “No, in the name of Allah! Let it be!
I have just breakfasted. Mohamed Ah—”
He broke into laughter, long and loud—
“Mohamed Ah! He would feel compli-
mented, could he but know. Ha-ha-ha!”
“Yes, it is very amusing,” agreed the
beggar, and cackled again. “Because I re-

member seeing Mohamed Ali once, and I do
not think he is so very handsome.”

  “Allah keriml” Abd-es-Selam stared at
the beggar. “It is in all men, as I suspected.
But eat well then today, for tomorrow my
house will be closed. I go upon a jour-
ney.”

  “Perhaps — perhaps the sidi would let
me accompany his caravan. As far as
Meknez?”

  “Impossible,” replied Abd-es-Selam short-
ly. “I travel speedily. So eat and go. -else-
where.”

  He proceeded on his way, leaving the
beggar throwing blessings and quotations
from the Book after him. But as soon as
he was out of sight, Mohamed Ah rose and
shuffled swiftly away. Abd-es-Selam was
to take the road for Rabat in the morning,
wherefore it was time that Mohamed Ah
arranged certain matters he had in mind.
These occupied him till late in the after-
noon—his contact with those whom he had
summoned from various places had to be
most discreet—and, having finished them,
he was shuffling along a little street near the
Meknez gate. As he reached a little green,
iron-studded door set in the blank, white
wall, the door opened a hand’s breadth and
a whisper came forth.

  A whisper, but it beat upon Mohamed
Ali’s ears hke a clap of thunder, for it formed
his name. His start of alarm and surprize
caused his begging bowl to clatter upon the
cobbles and, in stooping to regain it, he had
time to think and to cast a quick look at the
door. It told him nothing, but from behind
it again came the whisper, louder this time—

  “Mohamed Ah.”

  At the same instant the door opened a
hand’s breadth farther and a black, pudgy
hand reached out.

  “Enter, beggar,” now said a voice. “I
wish to give alms.”

  “This is far from good,” thought Mo-
hamed Ah. “But if I do not go in, I shall
not know who this is that summons beggars
in the name of Mohamed Ah. And if I do
not know, I am helpless against it.”

  Aloud, he began the recitation of a verse
from the Koran, and haltingly approached
the door. It swung open at his touch, but
no one was to be seen; only a voice that
urged him to enter and be not afraid.

  Mohamed Ah entered—his hand upon the
knife concealed in his belt—and closed the
door behind him. Then dark curtains which
152

Adventure

apparently divided one large room into two
smaller ones, were drawn back, and a big
negro, dressed in voluminous garments of
black satin, held the curtains in either hand
and exposed white teeth in a grin of amuse-
ment.

  But Mohamed Ah had now completely
recovered from his shock, and again was
Aisa, the beggar.

  “You summoned me to give alms!”' he
whined, and held forth the begging bowl.
The negro let loose of the curtains and
strode forward, his satin djellaba whispering
like a thousand spirits.

  “You play the part well,” he said, and the
smile still flickered in his full round face.
“Quite well enough to—to deceive Abd-es-
Selamor even your friend Dukah. But not
well enough to deceive the Master of the
Djinnoon.”

  Mohamed Ah suppressed a curse, and a
httle wave of panic swept through him.
This man talked of hidden matters and,
what then? He was no stranger to Mo-
hamed Ah. He had visited him once in
Tangier, this negro who called himself Mas-
ter of the Djinnoon and who was also known
as the Black Magician, and had witnessed
some extraordinary things. Yet, afterwards
he had found more or less reasonable ex-
planations for them. But now he decided
to cling to his impersonation as long as he
could.

  “Did I not tell you in Tangier, that when
I desired to see you again, I would send my
spirits to bring you to me? I desired to see
you. I sent them. And here you are. Now,
in order that we may give proper attention
to matters of some importance, in order
that you may lay aside the burden of deceit
for a moment, let me tell you that I not only
know you to be Mohamed Ali, but that you
have been staying in the house of Abd-es-
Selam; that Abd-es-Selam goes on the
morrow to Rabat; that his purpose is to
secure that which you wish to secure for
His Maj-”

  “Enough! Name of Allah, enough!” The
words were wrenched from the beggar’s lips
and, in a changed voice:

  “Then I am Mohamed Ali, and there are
many things to be adjusted before you or
I leave this room alive.”

  His hand sought the knife handle, and he
took a step toward the Black Magician.
Put that strange person held out a hand of
friendship.

CHAPTER VII

  “the WISE MAN AVOIDS THE UNKNOWN.”

“'T'HAT is better, Mohamed Ali.” The
■*- Master of the Djinnoon was still
smihng. “Excellent as you are as a beggar,
I much prefer you as Mohamed Ali, lately
outlaw, now servant of the Sultan and
Vizier-to-be.”

  “You play with death, Habib.” There
was no fear in Mohamed Ah’s voice, but a
tone of great amazement. “These things
are not matters talked of in the streets and
market-places. How came you by them,
then? By Allah! There is treason some-
where. Rank treason. And it lies be-
tween the Sultan, Kaid Dukah and my-
self.”

  “You wrong ah three. Have you for-
gotten that I may learn all things through
my djinnoon? Has the matter of Hadj
Hosein, and a certain letter which Mohamed
Ali desired—and which I secured for him—
passed so quickly from your memory?”
“Hmph!” grunted Mohamed Ah. “You
rendered me a service, and for that I thank
you. But I am not to be fooled by this talk
of djinnoon and magic. Everything has a
cause, and I have spent much of my hfe
ascertaining the causes of things.”

  “Good enough,” said Habib. WI prefer
to deal with a sage than with a fool. But
be seated, and let us talk more at ease.”
Mohamed Ah reluctantly squatted upon
the cushions.

  “How do you know these things?” he
asked bluntly. “And, if it is agreeable to
you, I should like a direct answer.”

  For a long moment the Black Magician
gazed thoughtfully into the unabashed eyes
of Mohamed Ah. Then his own eyes closed
slowly and he began to speak, but his lips
were almost motionless. The voice seemed
to come from deep within him.

  “In the chambers of Kaid Dukah there sit,
at the present moment, four men. There is
Dukali, there is Abd-es-Selam, there is the
French consul and the German who calls
himself Langmann.”

  Mohamed Ah shivered. He felt little
chills along his back, as of a cold finger
drawn upon the skin.

  “Kaid Dukali holds in his hands a little
machine. I have never seen one. It is for
the making of pictures upon paper. Kaid
Dukali speaks.

  “ ‘My Master, the Sultan, as you know,
The Treasure of Mulai El-Hassan

153

is much interested in the art of making pic-
tures,’ he says. ‘And friends who know this
often send him gifts, such as this.’ He pats
the machine. ‘This one came today through
the office of His Majesty’s Chamberlain,
Abd-es-Selam. Abd-es-Selam at the mo-
ment, does not know the name of the giver.
But my master, being otherwise occupied,
has permitted me to use it and so to dis-
cover accurately the manner of its opera-
tion. But alas, I am inexperienced with
such things. Can you—’ He addresses the
Frenchman— ‘Can you operate it, per-
chance? So that you could take our photo-
graph?’ The Frenchman shakes his head.

   “ ‘I have never used one,’ he says. ‘But
Herr Langmann, as I know, is very pro-
ficient in their use.’

   “ ‘Good,’ cried Dukali, and passes the
machine to the German, whose hands trem-
ble as he receives it. ‘Will you, then, Herr
Langmann, explain how it operates?’ Dukali
requests.

  “Now Herr Langmann grows very white
and his words tremble, and Abd-es-Selam’s
eyes are hah closed. The German touches
the machine, opens and closes it and opens
it again, and swallows frequently.

  “This—this kind of machine I do not
know,” he at last manages to say.

   “ ‘Nevertheless,’ says Dukali, ‘the princi-
ple is the same in all of them, is it not? I
observe readily how the plates are carried,
and how the camera opens; but, how is the
lens uncovered to make the picture? There
is that little golden tube, at the end of a
rubber one, with what seems to be a plunger
in it. Is that, by any chance, the arrange-
ment which makes the picture?’

   “ ‘You—you have not tried?’ asked the
German.

   “ ‘Oh no,’ answers Dukali. ‘I waited for
you. And now, you say you press the
plunger?’

  “ ‘Yes—no—yes.’ The German is sweat-
ing.”

   So was Mohamed Ah, but he was not now
afraid, only tense as a fiddle-string. The
monotone of the Master of the Djinnoon
continued, inflectionless.

   “ ‘Do so, then, and take my portrait,’
commands Dukali. ‘Or, better still, let us
take that of the French consul.’ He moves
to the side of the German, and points at the
consul the machine in the German’s hands.

   “ ‘Now, let us see. You put your finger
upon the httle plunger and——’

  “ ‘No—no—no!’ cries the German. All
look at him, but only the French Consul
with amazement.

  “Now Dukah laughs and seizes the hand
of the German, and forces one finger to-
wards the machine. The German struggles.
Dukah still laughs. He presses the Ger-
man’s finger upon the plunger. Langmann
cries loudly, jerks his hand away, runs from
the room.”

  “Allah!” exclaimed Mohamed Ah be-
neath his breath. “And I thought Dukali
had grown soft!”

   The voice of the Magician droned on.

  “ ‘What—what is all this?’ asks the
French consul. ‘Herr Langmann, has he
suddenly lost his reason?’

  “ ‘No, but he has lost something even
greater, I fear,’ replies Dukah, looking keen-
ly at Abd-es-Selam, who returns his look
without a tremor. ‘Look you at this. I
invited you to come here that you might
see something that would interest you.
Also, I desired a witness of your standing.’
“He carries the machine to the French
consul, and carefully presses the plunger,
touching only the very edge. A httle needle
comes out.

   “ ‘Now observe, also,’ says Dukali, and
twists the top of the plunger. It comes off,
and shows a httle inner tube in which the
needle hes. It is filled with a dark liquid
which smells like almonds!’

  “ ‘Mon dieul’ exclaims the Frenchman,
his eyes wide. ‘That—that is prussic acid.
And the needle, you say that camera was
sent to His Majesty?’

  “Yes,’ rephes Dukah. ‘By-’

He pauses a httle, and looks through half
closed eyes at Abd-es-Selam. ‘By Herr
Langmann himself. Is that not manifest?’
“ ‘Sufficiently so. It would assuredly
have killed the Sultan,’ says the Frenchman.

   “ ‘Precisely as it will shortly kill Herr
Langmann,’ assents Dukah.”

  “He is dead already,” growled Mohamed
Ah, but the black clairvoyant did not hear
him.

  “ ‘I had forgotten that you forced the
needle into his finger. He will surely die.
And the German government? Will it not
make inquiries?’ Thus asks the Frenchman.

   “ ‘Not so long as the affair was witnessed
by the French consul,’ answers Dukali. He
laughs. ‘I think you will know how to
make use of the incident—and I am sure
that Abd-es-Selam will be able to prevent
154

Adventure

any unpleasant inquiries. For that matter,
I doubt whether any but us three will know
what killed Herr Langmann. And it is good
that he dies. He was a man utterly without
virtue. Is it not so—Abd-es-Selam?’

  “And Abd-es-Selam rephes, ‘I know little
of him, but I believe you speak the truth.’ ”
A deep exhalation came from the lungs
of the Black Magician. He straightened
out of the sunken position his great hulk of
flesh had taken, he opened his eyes as though
pulling the eyelids apart with a physical
effort, and his dull eyes with their pupils
narrowed to the size of pinheads, sought
those of Mohamed Ah.

  “Clairvoyance,” Mohamed Ah answered
the question in the eyes. “It is marvellous,
but not new. I have seen it done before.
And I have some learning. But it was well
done, and I do not doubt the truth of your
sayings. However, it may or it may not
explain other matters of greater importance
to me. We will let those matters pass for
the present.”

  The head of Mohamed Ah had been work-
ing swiftly. If this Master of the Djinnoon
was only a distractingly efficient practicioner
of the occult or if he was something that he
pretended not to be, the results were about
the same. Whether his djinnoon told him
state secrets, or whether he was in the confi-
dence of those in high places, the Sultan,
Dukah, Abd-es-Selam.

 Mohamed Ah rejected the djinnoon
theory, which left him the impossibility
of choice between friends and enemies. Ob-
viously Habib was going to stick to his
spirits, and obviously he, Mohamed Ah,
could not kill him out of hand without run-
ning a very grave risk of destroying one who
was on the right side. But—but there were
other things to be thought of as well.

  “It would have been much more to the
point,” he said, “could you have told me
something of the thing I seek.”

  He watched the black man closely.

  “The treasure of Mulai Hassan,” said
Habib with a voice as matter-of-fact and
tremorless as if he spoke of commonly
known matters.

  “Allah keriml” Mohamed Ah shouted
noiselessly to himself.

  And aloud:

  “Yes, the treasure of Mulai el-Hassan.
Where does it he?”

  “That I do not know, can not know.
What men do and say I may learn, but my

djinnoon do not tell me that any besides
Abd-es-Selam knows that which you ask,
as he has told no one. If my djinnoon could
tell me of hidden gold—the world is full of
it—I should own the world.”

  This seemed reasonable to Mohamed Ah,
although just why he could not say. How-
ever, this was not the time for discussions
of the occult. A matter he had been re-
solving in his head came out now. Better
to know what side this Master of the
Djinnoon stood upon.

  “Do you know Abd-es-Selam?”

  “I know him. He—he comes sometimes
to consult my djinnoon.”

  “Hmph! And can you send your djinnoon
for him as you say you did for me?”
“Assuredly.”

  “Then—” Mohamed Ah paused a little
before casting his dice— “then send for
him, as you are friendly to me, and tell him
anything which will cause him to take a
certain one-eyed beggar with his caravan
to Rabat.”

  The Black Magician pondered a moment.
Then:

  “It is a simple matter, and I shah do as
you ask. I shall tell him yes, that if he can
take a one-eyed beggar with him, he will
bring him good fortune.”

  “Which will be lies.”

  “Which will be lies,” echoed Habib. “But
he will do it, nevertheless. Assuredly he
will do it, for he believes greatly in luck
and in my djinnoon.”

 “Good, then.” Mohamed Ah rose.
“Now, I shall go and ascertain the truth
of your vision.”

  “Go with Allah,” said Habib to his back,
and added, “You will encounter the body
of Herr Langmann being carried to the
German Consulate.”

  “That,” mumbled Mohamed Ah to him-
self, “is quite probable if the rest of it is
true. And ah the rest of it is very probable.
Yes, knowing one single fact, many things
may be judged.”

CHAPTER VIII

  “he who has one eye is not blind”

OHAMED ALI, the beggar, went
forth from the house of the Black
Magician with many things to think about.
Wherefore he did not at once take up the
road which led to the palace but, instead,
The Treasure of Mulai El-Hassan

155

squatted in a shady spot beside an archway,
composed the folds of his old djettaba about
him, put his well-worn begging bowl in his
lap and proceeded to chew upon the facts
which faced him. Also he proceeded to
try to ascertain just what he, Mohamed
Ah, thought of himself, his abilities, his
judgment, and his wisdom. Which, at the
moment, was not a vast amount.

  “Hmph!”

  He addressed his begging bowl, and such
few travelers as passed him by no doubt
supposed him to be acquiring merit by rep-
etition of the Koranic blessing.

  “Very like I am a fool. I have traded
the safety of my hills and the comparative
security of open, direct warfare, which is
ah that is fit for a man, for the dangers of
the city and its unguessed undercurrents.
Every step I take shows me not only that
I am in another trap, but that I have just
escaped from one which I did not recognize
as a trap. This is not well. Even though
Allah—praise be to His Name!—has thus
far in my life smiled upon me, it is manifest
that if one man demands so much of His at-
tentions that it interferes with His care of
others, that man shall presently find him-
self in deep trouble. And I—but who
comes here? Abd-es-Selam! Abd-es-Selam
of a certainty!”

  He held out his begging bowl a httle way
and set up the wail:

  “All'arbiI All’arbil Alms in the name of
Allah!”

  Abd-es-Selam, clad in a flowing white
sidham and riding a sleek, white mule,
glanced at the source of the cries, and his
eyes showed recognition of the beggar. His
hand sought his shakarah, and tossed a small
silver coin into the air. Although the dis-
tance between them was a dozen feet, the
coin struck fairly against the bottom of the
bowl. The well-to-do Moor, unless he is a
miser, confers many alms in such manner
each time he rides forth.

  “Your bowl will be better filled here than
in my house,” said Abd-es-Selam. “Here
it is best you remain.”

  The beggar, unlike those of occidental
races, paid no attention to the coin, did not
even glance at it, but mumbled what the
alms-giver, if he heard at ah, would have
supposed to be the usual blessing, which it
was not.

  “Hmph!” growled the beggar, as the
white mule whisked around a corner. “I

am not so sure that such is the case. How-
ever, I wonder whither the mule carries
Abd-es-Selam. Is it not perfectly possible
that the Black Magician knew that Abd-es-
Selam was coming to see him? Asssuredly,

assuredly. But that in no way explains-”

  He rose and shuffled along in the direction
taken by Abd-es-Selam, until a turn in the
road brought the Magician’s door into view.
The white mule was tied to the door knocker.

  “But that in no way explains a very con-
siderable number of other things,” he com-
mented as he returned to his former seat.
“One thing is certain. And the certain
thing is that the Master or King or Sultan
of the Djinnoon is a devil, and one to be
watched with both eyes and both ears and
with ah the intelligence that Allah has be-
stowed upon me. When next I see Kaid
Dukah I shah assuredly make some direct
inquiries.

  “Now, the immediate question is, do I or
do I not trust my head to the word of the
Black Magician? It seems to me that for
the last few days I have done little but de-
cide who should be the next to hold my hfe
in his hands. Go to Rabat I must. Pref-
erably in the caravan of Abd-es-Selam,
where information assuredly is to be gained.
But if the Magician reveals me to Abd-es-
Selam, I shah shortly be dead and covered
by a httle pile of stones beside the road.
However, the Magician knew me, and could
have denounced me anyhow. Therefore,
having to take the chance, willy-nilly, it
were best that I play for the highest pos-
sible stakes. If Abd-es-Selam-”

  The white mule turned the corner. The
beggar, after one quick glance, turned his
gaze in the other direction. The white mule
clattered up and stopped.

  “Yesterday,” said Abd-es-Selam, “you
desired to accompany my caravan to
Meknez. Do you still so desire?”

  “Yes, sidi, yes. I go to the shrine of
Mulai Idrees at Meknez, inshallah.”

  “Very well, then. If you wish to go with
the caravan, you will have food, and a
mule to ride. But you must go with us be-
yond Meknez—to Rabat. On your return
you may stop in Meknez.”

  Slowly the averted eyes of the beggar
came around to look upon the rider.

  “To Meknez, sidi?” whined the beggar.
“To Meknez. To the shrine of Mulai
Idrees. And I shah ride?”

  “You shall ride, as I have said.”
156

Adventure

  “But—but why does the sidi wish-”

  “It is a whim of mine,” replied Abd-es-
Selam. “Perhaps I desire to acquire merit.
But the reason is of no importance.”

  The beggar shook his head slowly.

  “The sidi has said it is best I remain
here. That here my begging bowl will be
better filled than in his house!”

  “But that—that was before I saw that I
had a chance to perform a good deed. Now
I say it is not true.”

  “There are alms to be gained here,” the
beggar pointed out. “Only this morning

there have been many-”

  “I will put money in your bowl.”
  Abd-es-Selam grew impatient.

  “Much money, sidi?” whined the beggar.
“Allah! Yes. Much money. Here!” He
took a handful of silver coins from his sha-
karah and, leaning over, dropped them into
the bowl. The one eye of the beggar looked
at them without expression for a moment,
then expectantly at the hand from which
they had come.

 “For another handful, O generous
one-”

  Again Abd-es-Selam dipped into his sha-
karah and drew forth a handful of silver.
But then he paused and returned the coins
to the bag.

  “Come to my house at sunset,” he com-
manded. “There I will give you the other
handful. And—and if I have good fortune
upon my journey, there will be yet another
handful for you.”

  “I will come, sidi. I will come,” prom-
ised the wailing voice of the beggar and for
luck, threw a blessing after the rider as he
spurred his mule.

  Thus it came about that in the early
morning the one-eyed beggar with two
handfuls of silver in the greasy shakarah
under his ancient djellaba, rode a flea-bitten,
steel-jawed mule in the caravan of Abd-es-
Selam, en route to Rabat the Red.

  And, although as he rode the One-Eyed
tried to think upon pleasant matters, he felt
very profoundly that both the activities of
a certain Mohamed Ah and the proposed
coup d'etat of His Majesty the Sultan, per-
haps the fate of the Shareefian Empire it-
self, depended upon one very small matter.
Did Abd-es-Selam know the beggar was not
blind in one eye? Had the Black Magician
betrayed him?

  Mohamed Ah would have given his black
beard to know.

CHAPTER IX

“he WHO RIDES THROUGH A GATE AT LEAST
FINDS HIMSELF ON THE OTHER SIDE THE
WALL”

"DETWEEN Fez, among the hills, and
Rabat, upon the coast, lies a hundred
miles or more of wild and rough country.
A score of miles west of Fez is Meknez, the
old capital of the empire, and then are no
more cities, no more towns, few villages un-
til the mouth of the Bu Regreg River, the
trail leads to the twin towns of Rabat-Sallee.

  The road—and it can scarcely be called
that most of the time—runs almost entirely
in the great province of Zemmur, and this is
a restless province. Running up almost to
the city gates of Fez, more than one Sultan
has found it a harsh task to control its tur-
bulent, independent people. And more than
one monarch, too,' has found it impossible.
Rabat and Sallee have always excluded the
foreigner, knowing that inevitably trouble
followed in the footsteps of the Christian.

  Sallee, the home and last defense of the
far-famed Sallee Pirates, has never been
more antagonistic to the “nasrene” than has
Rabat, its sister city lying upon the south
bank of the Bu Regreg. And both have
fought incessantly the modern ideas and
modern methods, knowing that all things
modern come from other lands, and quoting
eternally to themselves, “What is, is best.”
As a consequence, there was to be found
in Rabat a Moroccan life unveneered by
foreign thought-and customs, untarnished
by contact with such infidel cities as Tan-
gier and Fez, where the people bore most
lightly the yoke of voluntary allegiance to
the Sultan, not because he was their king,
but because he was their religious head,
ready to throw it off in a moment of resent-
ment and close their provinces and their city
gates to the whole world, even as they had
closed them after Mulai el-Hassan had died.

  The caravan of Abd-es-Selam did not take
the road until long after sunrise, and dark-
ness found it established for the night in a
fandak at Meknez. From the rate of prog-
ress thus established it was manifest that
at least four days would pass ere Abd-es-
Selam slept in Rabat.

  The caravan was not a big one. Abd-es-
Selam rode at its head. Near to him, two
of his personal servants, then the chief mule-
teer, followed by half a dozen pack ani-
mals, lightly laden, and serving as mounts
The Treasure of Mulai El-Hassan

157

for the servants of Abd-es-Selam. And
last of all, squatting hke all the others in a
big, red-cloth saddle upon a mule, Abd-es-
Selam’s invited guest, the one-eyed beggar.

  Now came four days of disappointment to
Mohamed Ah. For four days he kept his
eyes and ears open and saw and heard
nothing of importance. For three nights
he squatted with the servants about their
camp fires and hstened to interminable talk,
but heard no word which might aid him.
As a result of which he rode through the
Fez Gate of Rabat knowing no more than
he had known when he left the capital,
except, perhaps, that Abd-es-Selam did not
suspect him to be aught save the one-eyed
mendicant who was to bring him luck.

  So Mohamed Ah rode into Rabat in the
golden glow of a summer sunset, knowing
just what he had known four days before.
And highly dissatisfied with that knowledge.

  “But,” he consoled himself with a prov-
erb, “he who rides through a gate at least
finds himself on the other side the wall.”
And added for good measure the one which
runs, “Expect not the results of a journey
until the journey is ended.”

  And as it was ordained, various equations
in the scheme of things were awaiting Mo-
hamed Ali’s arrival in Rabat.

  But for the next hour he squatted in a
corner of the big fandak, watching the camp-
fires spring into life, following with his eyes
the passage of candle-lanterns hither and
thither, listening to the innumerable noises
of the caravanserai, and sniffing, with the
real criticism of hunger, the odors which
arose from the bubbling cooking pots.

  Eventually he rose and took a position
near one of the camp-fires, and to him
shortly came a servant bearing a big bowl
of kesk’soo and baked chicken, into which
he plunged his hand with the universal
grace of Islam.

  “Bismillah, in the name of Allah.”

  After a little while, having cleaned the
bowl and hcked each finger in the order pre-
scribed by Moslem convention, he arose,
adjusted the bandage over his eye a trifle,
and shuffled through the fandak gate and
into a star-studded velvet darkness.

  He had gone but a dozen paces beyond
the gate when a dark shadow detached it-
self from the darker shadow of the fandak
wall and followed him silently. The faint
hght of the stars revealed that the figure
wore a dirty white bandage over one eye,

precisely the same as that worn by Mo-
hamed Ah. And the glint upon a shiny
begging bowl marked him also as a mendi-
cant.

  To him Mohamed Ah paid no attention
for a space, seemed not to hear him. But,
having gotten well away from the fandak
lights, he stopped and whirled suddenly, an
automatic pistol in his hand. But he put it
away quickly and somewhat sheepishly
when he saw the bandaged head of his
pursuer.

  “Aisa,” he said softly.

  “Go on! Go on!” commanded Aisa the
One-Eyed. “I follow. We are yet too
near.”

  Mohamed Ah led on around a corner, and
came to a row of closed dark stores on an
almost deserted street. There he stopped
and squatted down against a wall and placed
his begging bowl in his lap. Aisa, coming
up a moment later, did likewise.

  “And now,” said Mohamed Ali, “let us
talk. Or rather, as I have nothing to say,
let me listen to what you can tell me.”
“What I know is not much, but it may
have a value, nevertheless.”

  Aisa hitched his djellaba closer about him.
The night air grew chilly.

  “I followed your instructions, of course.
There are now here in Rabat the twelve good
men you desired should be prepared. They
are ah from your own villages in Anjerah,
and Mustapha is in command of them.”
“That is well,” observed Mohamed Ah.
“There may be need for them, although so
far the game has been played with wits in-
stead of guns. And they he where?”
“Mustapha may always be found in the
coffee-house of Achmed Larbi, opposite the
great mosque. Now, this, I have learned,
and this only: Abd-es-Selam has recently,
within a month, begun a business here, that
of buying and selling dates, figs, nuts, grain
and other products of the south. His two
brothers are in charge of this business, and
they are said to be not only brave men, but
loyal to Abd-es-Selam, which is a strange
thing for brothers.

  “Now I come to the meat of the matter,
I think. Abd-es-Selam and his brothers
have caused to be built against the city wall,
and perhaps two hundred paces south of the
Fassi Gate, a big storehouse, a storehouse
twice as big as any other in Rabat. To
this have been coming, for some weeks,
many caravans with grain and dates and
158

Adventure

other things. The story is abroad that they
send a great caravan of goods to some north-
ern port for shipment to Europe. The bar
at the river mouth here, as you are aware,
makes it always dangerous and expensive
and most times impossible to ship by sea
from here. And that is ah I know,” he con-
cluded simply.

^J, MOHAMED ALI was silent for
       a space; then:

          (<That storehouse against the city
wall is a matter of interest to
me. As is also the great caravan going
north. To say nothing of the two loyal
brothers! Hmph! You have done well,
Aisa. I think I begin to see the plan if,
as may be the case, Abd-es-Selam would
follow somewhat the hnes which I would
follow in similar circumstances. And have
you ascertained where the hole was cut
through the wall by Bou Hamed?”

  “Ah yes. That I had fogotten. It was
near the southeastern corner of the wall.”
“Near Abd-es-Selam’s new building?”
“No, Mohamed. Not near. Perhaps two
hundred yards away.”

  “Near enough! Near enough! If the
wall is hollow. Yes, I begin to see. And
now there is one other with whom I would
talk. Know you of a maker of sacks of the
sort that grain is carried in?”

  “There is one not far away, the only one
in Rabat, it is said. And I beheve he works
tonight. At least, he was still working by
candle-light as I came toward the fandak.”
He leaned forward and wrinkled up his face
in a squint. “Yes, you can see the light in
his shop, I think, at the far end of this same
street. I think that must be his light.”

  “I go,” said Mohamed Ah. “But stop,
there is one other thing. There must not
be two one-eyed beggars in Rabat just now.
At least not two who resemble each other in
several ways. Therefore do you bandage
both your eyes. It will not interfere with
your sight. The trick is bent with age.”
Swiftly Aisa pulled the bandage around
his head so that both eyes seemed to be
covered.

  “Good,” approved Mohamed Ah. “And
now, watch my comings and goings as best
you may and be as often near the storehouse
of Abd-es-Selam as you can arrange. Do
that which is the obvious thing to do in
case I can not give an order. Selaama!”
He shuffled swiftly toward the light in

the distance, and soon came to a tiny shop
wherein sat a gray-beard busily engaged in
sewing sacks. Beside him stood a steaming
pot of tea. At the sound of slippers, the
worker looked up and saw the beggar look-
ing with his unbandaged eye at the tea-pot.

  “The grace of Allah upon you,” invoked
the beggar.

  “And upon you also,” rephed the bag-
maker. And being a man of generous heart,
he added:

  “Sit you down here upon my doorway and
drink a cup of tea. It is lonely here, but I
have work which must be done.”

  Mohamed Ah sat down in the doorway
and sipped slowly at the tea.

  “Ah-h,” he breathed. “That is good tea.
It is good for a beggar’s heart. May Allah
bless thee again. But why is it necessary to
work two days in one!”

  “There is work to do, and I need the
money. The khalifa has increased the tax
on this httle shop until the sun no longer
gives light enough to pay it with. And so,
as Sid Abd-es-Selam— Drink your tea
quickly, it will warm you and your hands
will not shake— As Sid Abd-es-Selam, the
merchant, desired two hundred bags by

daybreak-”

  A shrug completed the sentence.

  “Two hundred! That is a great many, is
it not?”

  “Yes. To be made in a day and a night.
Especially as they are not to be ah of the
same size. One hundred and fifty of them
are grain sacks of the usual size. The
others are to be of canvas for dried dates.
Now, as ah the world knows—” the gray-
beard grew loquacious and sipped his tea
slowly, despite the piles of material awaiting
the cutting and sewing— “now, as all the
world knows, dates are always transported
in sacks of a certain size.

  “I had a hundred such sacks already
made. But they would not serve. No.
The sacks had to be four inches longer than
the usual size. Wealth, I think, makes
people queer. Abd-es-Selam could have
saved a handful of silver if he had bought
the bags which were already made. But
no. Four inches longer they must be. And
in that four inches he can get not more than
a kilo of dates. It is foolishness.”

  “No doubt! No doubt!” agreed Mohamed
Ah. “But there is no accounting for the
madness of the rich, as you say.”

  “See here!”
The Treasure of Mulai El-Hassan

159

  The bag-maker hipped a canvas sack upon
the ground at his feet and stretched another
beside it. Four inches only. One could
never tell the difference.”

  “That is true,” responded Mohamed Ah,
slowly. “That is very true. One could
never tell the difference.”

  He drained his cup, smacked his lips,
belched generously in the oriental-* mode of
expressing appreciation of food and drink
and, leaving graybeard sewing and grum-
bling, shuffled back to the fandak to sleep.

CHAPTER X
“though the ups are silent, the head

MAY LABOR”

AYLIGHT brought the fandak to its
feet to make loud and multitudinous
noises in the business of breaking fast of
man and beast. The beggar who slept in a
corner of the wall was awake with the fore-
most, but continued to he quiet in the hope
of overhearing something which might give
him a clue to Abd-es-Selam’s plans. Al-
though, in truth, he believed that he
already knew enough of them to act
upon.

  This behef was strengthened when he
caught snatches of a talk between the chief
muleteer and one of his men.

  “Abd-es-Selam desires only the swiftest
animals, remember,” the muleteer was say-
ing. “And of those we brought, there are
not more than half a dozen which are good
enough.”

  He pointed out a number of the animals,
and moved off to inspect them.

  Now this speech had considerable sig-
nificance. Beasts of burden were not ordi-
narily selected for their speed. Therefore,
some one was going somewhere in haste,
the beasts laden somewhat more
lightly than usual. And the meat of this
was that, inasmuch as one does not rush
madly with a cargo of grain or dates or
other such stuff, these swift mules must be
going somewhere with a burden which might
well bear investigation.

  Wherefore, having warmed his belly with
a/lassful of very black and very thick and
^ery powerful coffee, the beggar went shuf-
fling forth from the fandak to seek the store-
house of Abd-es-Selam and his brothers.
Near the storehouse he saw a beggar squat-
ting in the morning sun, a bandage con-

cealing both eyes. Mohamed Ah passed
him with a greeting.

  “And upon you be the peace of Allah,
also,” replied the sightless one. “There is
much activity over yonder. Alms, in the
name of Allah the Compassionate.”

  “Watch well today.” The one-eyed
threw this over his shoulder. “And remain
near by.”

  At the storehouse there was great action,
even as Aisa had said. All about were
horses and mules and even a dozen hulking
camels lying in military formation, grum-
bling and baring their teeth and biting at
bare brown legs in expression of their dis-
satisfaction with the business of being laden.

  “Camels!” growled Mohamed Ah to him-
self. “Swift mules and camels, they do not
hang together. Hmph! Obviously some one
goes slowly with the camels while some one
else goes speedily with swift mules. Hmph!
The clouds begin to lift somewhat. Alms!
Alms in the name of the Compassionate
One!” He thrust his begging bowl into the
belly of a hastening muleteer.

  “Is the day so short you must beg before
dawn?” the man growled as he thrust the
bowl aside.

  “No,” retorted the beggar. “The day is
long enough. It is the stinginess of man
which causes me to begin early.”

  “Beg from those who have more time
than I.”

  The muleteer strode off, and the beggar
shuffled slowly about among the noisy ac-
tivities, lifting his voice occasionally in the
wail for alms. Some beasts he found al-
ready laden, and beside them he paused
long enough to examine the bags of mer-
chandise, grain apparently. But these bags
were not what he sought.

  Now, Mohamed Ali knew that these
early morning activities did not mean an
early morning start. No Moroccan cara-
van can get under way without a full day,
almost, of talk and argument and quarrels
and fights, of bickerings which begin with
the loading of the first beast, and continue
until the caravan has reached its destina-
tion. For this reason, the first lap of a
journey is invariably short, and Mohamed
Ah knew that the caravan would bivouac
that night not many miles from Rabat.
Also that the next morning would see it on
the road at sunrise.

  A gray-bearded ancient paused near him
to wipe the sweat from his face and to curse
i6o

Adventure

all camels ever created by Allah. Mo-
hamed Ah condoled with him and asked a
question

  “You load for where?”

  “Fez,” responded the sweating one brief-
ly. “With a hundred beasts. And, if
t hey were my camels, I should assuredly cut
the throat of that big, gray brute at the
end.”

  He pointed with a grimy, gnarled finger,
and went back to his work.

  “Fez,” thought Mohamed Ali. “The big,
slow caravan goes to Fez. Hmph! And the
swift one? I wonder.”

  He continued his wanderings slowly,
speaking to some one now and then, but
learning nothing further. Noontide came,
and with it a little time for rest and food.
Mohamed Ah, seeing that the storehouse
was almost deserted, entered, begging bowl
in hand, but with silent lips. The two or
three laborers in the big building were
smoking or eating, and paid no attention to
the beggar.

  Now, Mohamed Ali’s feet were led by a
purpose. Somewhere in that storehouse, he
thought, were certain bags which were not
of standard size. He wished to see them.
And so he made his way quietly to the rear
of the building, his one eye alert. He was
about to give up his quest when, in one cor-
ner, he saw a big bulk covered closely by a
canvas. Going to it, he lifted one corner. A
pile of canvas bags. He stretched his thumb
and httle finger to measure them, and a
hand fell heavily upon his shoulder. He
turned to look into the face of Abd-es-Selam,
who stared at him with narrowed eyes.

 “Alms! sidi. In the name-”

  He got no further. Abd-es-Selam, with
a disconcertingly swift motion, jerked the
bandage from the beggar’s head. Then,
with a cry, flung himself upon the mendi-
cant.

  “Mohamed Ah!” he cried.

  And again as if even as he fought, the
surprize crowded to the surface.

  Mohamed Ah was his equal in strength,
and more, but two others came swiftly to
the aid of Abd-es-Selam, and very shortly
the outlaw lay trussed with a corner of his
sulham filling his mouth. But no word did
Abd-es-Selam say in revelation of the iden-
tity of his captive. In fact, he recovered one
of Mohmead Ali’s eyes with the bandage.

  Now this situation was highly unpleasant
to Mohamed Ah. And Abd-es-Selam added

to his disgust when he taunted him with his

helplessness.

  “I shall take you to Fez with me, Mo-
hamed Ah,” he jibed, sitting on a pile of
sacks near the bound outlaw. “Yes, to
Fez, to the Sultan. It is inconvenient, that
is true. Or rather, I mean it would be
much easier to take your head in one of
these bags in which you were so interested.
But as His Majesty has changed his offer,
making it for Mohamed Ah ahve—” This
was news to Mohamed Ah, but was far from
disagreeable—“I shall have to take you to
him complete.”

  “I suppose he himself desires the pleasure
of witnessing your death so that there may
be no mistake as in the case of Kaids Aisa
and Brahim. Besides-”

  He broke off to laugh. Most unpleas-
antly, in Mohamed Ali’s opinion.

  “Besides, I suspect that His Majesty will
be most embarrassed when I do take you
to him.”

  A note of anger crept into his voice, and
he included the two others in his speech,
so that Mohamed Ah knew them for his
brothers.

  “I begin to see why he changed the form
of payment for you and your head. But do
not think that it will be in his power to
release you. He would not dare. I shall
demand punishment for you, which will also
be punishment for the young fool who sits
upon the throne. And I shah get it, even
though I must appeal to the people of Fez.
If I do so appeal, not only do you die, but
Abd-el-Aziz assuredly will cease to be Sul-
tan. Truly Habib, the Black Magician told
truth when he said a one-eyed beggar should
bring me good fortune. Oh-ho! I have both
you and your master safely in my hands
now!”

  Mohamed Ah was inclined to agree with
him. Did Abd-es-Selam take him to the
Sultan and demand punishment, no power
on earth could save him his head or the Sul-
tan his throne. The city would rise and
demand punishment. Mohamed Ah had
no misconceptions concerning popular judg-
ment. The people would first have him ex-
ecuted and then would make of him a
national hero. And the young Sultan hen
his throne too insecurely to aid him. Truly,
Abd-es-Selam held all the winning cards.
Wherefore Mohamed Ah grew philosophic,
closed his eyes and pretended to sleep, so
that eventually Abd-es-Selam rose to go
The Treasure of Mulai El-Hassan

161

away. But he left one parting thought
with his captive.

  “And also, Mohamed Ali,” he said, grin-
ning, “I shall not take you to the Sultan as
Mohamed Ah. No, no! You will go as the
one-eyed, as the filthy-beggar with the
bandage over one eye so that the people may
laugh at you and also so that His Majesty
may be further embarrassed. His Majesty.
Bah! His Fool! Who tried to trick Abd-
es-Selam!”

  He called two guards to watch, and went
away.

  For an hour Mohamed Ali lay uncom-
fortably, and then Abd-es-Selam returned
with his two brothers. They paid no fur-
ther attention to him, but ordered the can-
vas sacks of dates carried out. As the last
one went—and Mohamed Ali knew that as
he lay there like a trussed fowl, the treasure
of Mulai-el-Hassan was being carried off
before his eyes—Abd-es-Selam spoke to his
brothers.

  “You can get away within the hour. It
grows late. And I shall ride at once. Re-
member my instructions. Now go. And
brothers though we are, your lives are for-
feit to me if you fail. Send me two men
here.”

  “We shall not fail. The matter is a
simple one after all,” replied one of the
brothers, and they went out. Almost im-
mediately two husky servants of Abd-es-
Selam appeared.

  “Tie that man upon a mule,” he ordered.
“And tie him well if you value your breath.
If any ask why you do so, say that he has
stolen from me and that I take him to Fez
for punishment.”

  With grunts of understanding, the ser-
vants hauled Mohamed Ali to his feet.
Five minutes later he was securely tied upon
a flea-bitten mule, while many people un-
known to him commented openly concern-
ing his appearance and his morals.

  And in five minutes more, the great cara-
van started to move. Two men rode close
to the bound beggar. They valued their
breath. And Mohamed Ali saw another
smaller caravan, made up of swift mules,
preparing also for departure.

  “Hmph! There goes the treasure of
Mulai Hassan,” he reflected. “And here
go I. Surely Allah makes a jest of me.”

  But at the city gate there was a pause
and confusion, resulting from certain cam-
els disputing as to which should be first

   11

through the gate, and here a brother beggar,
with both eyes bandaged, blindly became
entangled in the caravan and was nearly
knocked down by the mule upon which Mo-
hamed Ali was tied. There was opportunity
for five words. Mohamed Ali said them.

CHAPTER XI.

“that which is truth today, tomorrow

IS FALSEHOOD.”

*	I 'HE big caravan traveled slowly, but not
so slowly as time to Mohamed Ah.
Those who had bound him had done their
work well, with no thought of the physi-
cal comfort of the captive. Wherefore his
ankles hurt from the rope which tied them
together beneath the mule’s belly, and his
wrists were raw from the thongs that held
them, crossed before him. And to add to
his discomfort, the mule he rode was a little
lame, and jolted every other step, so that
the prisoner’s backbone began to hurt in
many places.

  But his physical pain and discomfort
were as nothing in comparison with his
mental distress. In fact, he tried to keep
his thoughts upon his bodily hurts, even
though that must necessarily double them
in order to escape from the pains of mind.
Not for himself, these distressing thoughts,
except as he was a factor in the great prob-
lem. So far as he himself, Mohamed Ali,
the individual, was concerned, he was not
at all worried. He was not afraid of ad-
verse fortune nor of death itself, if it came to
that. But as the man entrusted by the
Sultan to save his throne and country, he
was very grieved for Mohamed Ah.

  He was not at all assured that his dis-
covery by Abd-es-Selam was an accident.
It seemed equally plausible that the Master
of the Djinnoon had spoken a word to Abd-
es-Selam, who thereafter had played with
him, letting him believe himself unrecog-
nized and safe until the moment of depart-
ure of the caravans. And yet, the surprize
of Abd-es-Selam had not seemed to be pre-
tense when he had snatched the bandage
from the head of the beggar. However,
one may simulate many emotions well,
with proper warning.

  But although the manner of his downfall
could not be determined at the moment, the
important thing was that he had fallen, and
with him the hopes and plans of His Majesty
Adventure

and Dukali, as well as his own future ac-
tivities as head of the Sultan’s secret intelli-
gence service. He could see no way out of
it, no way to recover the ground he had lost.
While the caravan of Abd-es-Selam made
its slow way eastward towards Fez, ex-
pecting, desiring to be seized by the Sultan’s
forces and searched for possible treasure, the
treasure, on the backs of picked mules, was
going swiftly northward. Even could he
manage to escape, the treasure would be
beyond pursuit, and in this country were no
means of electric communication whereby
word might be sent ahead to Tangier to
seize the caravan. By the time he reached
Fez, Abd-es-Selam’s brothers and the things
they carried would be entirely safe.

  But at last Mohamed Ah forced his men-
tal stream into new channels.

  “Between darkness and dawn,” he quoted
from the Book, “Allah may put an end to
many trials.”

  He began to count the paces of the beast
he rode. But the miles had gone by, al-
though doubly long, and the sun feh low
before the caravan came to a noisy halt near
a fandak or, more accurately, a great corral
where once a week a cattle market was
held. His two guards untied the ropes
from one ankle, pushed him inside the cor-
ral, re-tied the shin and joined in the busi-
ness of preparing for the night. Shortly
Abd-es-Selam came to examine his bonds
and to repeat his warning to the two
guards. Before going away, he stopped to
grin down upon Mohamed Ah and to taunt
him a little.

  “Ho, beggar! Know you where the trea-
sure of Mulai-el-Hassan is now?” he gibed.
“In the hands of traitors and dogs.”

  The answer was not to the liking of Abd-
es-Selam, and he kicked the prostrate man
with a slippered foot. The blow hurt not at
ah. The insult did.

  “Perhaps. Perhaps,” growled Abd-es-
Selam. “Nevertheless, it is now without
doubt nearing the fandak of Achmed Zawi,
a good twenty-five miles northward. To-
morrow at this hour it will be— But no
doubt you have estimated it yourself. Sleep
well. The treasure is safe.”

  “Your head will pay some day,” ob-
served Mohamed Ah.

  “That day when you shall tell His Maj-
esty of the things you have seen, no doubt.
And when he wih dare take the word of
Mohamed Ah, outlaw, against that of Abd-

es-Selam, his chamberlain. And, also, there
is the small matter of proof. Ho! Ho!
You dream-beggar.”

  And he strode off, satisfied.

  Now the cooking pots were on the fires
and the stews were bubbling, and the smell
of meat and vegetables and coffee and
pungent wood smoke were in the air. Dark-
ness had fallen hke a dropped curtain,
and with it had come a cold wind from off
the sea, which made the fires a comfort to
man and beast. Shortly one of the guards
went away, to return with food for himself
and his fellow guard and Mohamed Ah as
well.

  He was not a brute, and, although it was
manifest that he intended to take no
chances on the escape of his charge, he
seemed to consider that even a thieving,
one-eyed and ancient beggar has a belly
which needs be filled occasionally. Where-
fore he set beside the captive a generous
bowl of kesk’soo, several slabs of bread like
pieces of huge pancake and a glass of coffee.

  Quickly ah the bowls were emptied and
fingers licked despite the captive’s roped
wrists. Then one guard brought forth a
package of Algerian cigarets, made of
black, strong tobacco treated with salt-
peter to insure combustion. One he offered
to Mohammed Ah, who smoked it, and then
stretched out, drew the hood of his djellaba
over his face, and bade them good night.
For an hour they smoked and talked of the
incidents of the day. Then they, too, lay
down to sleep. And in another hour there-
after the fandak was quiet save for certain
snorings, the fires died to great heaps of
glowing coals, and only shadows moved a
little now and then. Time passed, and even
the most restless sank deep into the oblivion
of sleep.

  Suddenly the crash of rifle shots shattered'
the silence. Another volley, and a con-
tinued crashing and wild shouts. Bedlam
broke loose. The fandak sought lights, and
in so doing, feh over each other, and each
thought the other to be an enemy. The red
spurt of guns whipped the air, and these
guns were in the fandak, not outside. A
bullet struck a heap of embers, and the heap
exploded hke a volcano.

  Mules and horses snorted and broke loose,
trailing their picket ropes, to trip those
who frantically sought lights. Here and
there a match flared in unsteady hands, and
a lantern glowed. A bullet struck one,
The Treasure of Mulai El-Hassan

and the scattered oil ignited. For a httle
space the fandak was lighted, but nothing
was to be seen save a maelstrom of fright-
ened or bewildered men and beasts.

  And as suddenly as it had begun, the
firing and the shouting ceased. There was
the sound of horses’ hoofs pounding away
in the distance, and Abd-es-Selam, lantern
in one hand and pistol in the other, shouted
savage commands while he made his way to
the spot where the beggar had lain.

  His sigh of relief was audible even in the
hubbub, when he saw a bound figure squat-
ting upon the ground between the two
guards, who looked about dazedly and
squinted at the light. The storm had
arisen, raged and passed so swiftly that
they, like most of their slow-witted fellows,
were scarcely fully awake.

  For a httle while Abd-es-Salem gazed at
the bound beggar, who returned the stare
and raised his hands awkwardly to adjust
the hood of his djellaba, and to scratch be-
neath the bandage about his head. Then
his attention was demanded by one of the
guards.

  “What—what was it?” asked the fellow.

  “Ask some one who knows,” growled Abd-
es-Selam, and bestowed another kick upon
the captive. “I thought—but never mind
what I thought. Continue to guard this
fellow well or misfortune will descend upon
you swiftly.”

  He turned back to the middle of the
fandak and began throwing commands here
and there.

  “Abd-es-Selam grows to be like an old
woman,” growled one of the guards. “A
man does not run away whose feet are tied.
I should like to know what all this business
meant, but I am still sleepy and it is Abd-
es-Selam’s caravan, after all.”

  He composed himself again, following the
example already set by the captive, and was
soon imitated by his fellow guard. And
eventually silence came once more to the
fandak, to be broken this time only by
dawn and the shouts of the caravan master
announcing another day. Within an hour,
the caravan had broken fast and was upon
the road.

  “Allah!” complained one of the guards
who rode beside the one-eyed beggar upon
a lame and flea-infested mule. “Allah! I am
still sleepy. And I do not know yet what it
was all about.”

  “Perhaps we shall find out later,” offered

the beggar. “It is not always possible to
know the true meaning of a thing until a
certain time has passed.”

CHAPTEP XII

“RAGS OR SILK—AND WHAT IS BENEATH?”

A BD-ES-SELAM pushed his caravan
along, as one hurries who knows that
at the end of the journey waits reward or
love or revenge. But he who can hurry
camels can hurry time itself, and so it was
ten o’clock of the fourth day before the
gates of Fez were reached.

  Small attention had Abd-es-Selam paid
to the beggar on the way. Nothing more
than to assure himself each night that the
captive’s bonds were well tied, to repeat his
commands to the guards and each morning,
to satisfy his own eyes that the beggar was
still there. But each time his eyes met the
single orb of the mendicant, ’they glowed
with hatred and victory. Once only, when
they chanced to be out of hearing of others,
did Abd-es-Selam taunt his prisoner.

  “It seems to me that the formidable Mo-
hamed Ali has been greatly overrated,” he
said. “And that I always suspected. Now
he rides like a beaten child, in silence and
obedience. Why does he not proclaim him-
self to my men? Perhaps there is one
among them who might aid himto
escape!”

  “One does not seek lions in a kennel,”
answered the captive.

  “Nor Mohamed Ali in beggar’s rags,”
Abd-es-Selam’s retort was quick.

  “That also is true,” the mendicant smiled
a httle. “Yet, who can tell what is beneath
a garment or a face? A patched djellaba
may cover a beggar or Mohamed Ah. A
white sulham may cover an honest man—or
Abd-es-Selam.”

  The man so taunted raised his whip as if
to strike, but lowered it slowly.

  “I can afford to wait,” he growled, and
with a curse rode off.

  But with entrance into the crowded
streets of the capital, Abd-es-Selam in-
creased his watchfulness. Upon the great
plains there was httle chance for the escape
of a fugitive, mounted upon a lame mule.
In the throngs of the city, it were best to be
on guard. Wherefore as they passed
through the gate he took position beside
the beggar. Just inside the gate was a
164

Adventure

small garrison of city guards. Upon their
captain Abd-es-Selam called.

  “I, His Majesty’s chamberlain, desire
two soldiers to ride with me to the palace.
At once.”

  The captain gave a guttural order, and
two red-coated, yellow-trousered, crimson-
fezzed guards stepped forth and saluted
Abd-es-Selam.

  “Walk you one on each side of this beg-
gar,” ordered the chamberlain. “He is a
thief whom I take to the Sultan.”

  The guards fell into place, and Abd-es-
Selam turned to his caravan-master.

  “I ride to the palace. Take you the cara-
van to my fandak and await my orders
there.”

  Then, with a guard hanging to each stir-
rup of the captive’s mule, the chamberlain
rode swiftly toward the palace, and his
triumph. A quarter of an hour was suf-
ficient to see him in his own quarters. The
beggar, bound, and now gagged again, lay
upon the cushion whither the servants of
Abd-es-Selam had carried and thrown him.

  The chamberlain removed the dust of
travel, donned clean clothing and made his
way to the captain of the Sultan’s body-
guard.

  “Tell His Majesty that I desire audience
with him,” he said, and followed the cap-
tain to the threshold of the Sultan’s house.

  The captain opened a great door and
swung it behind him. Abd-es-Selam waited
impatiently. But even a chamberlain must
be announced before entering the Presence.
He heard the faint sound of a phonograph,
and smiled grimly. “The boy amuses him-
self,” he thought. “Presently he shah
have a new sort of entertainment.”

  It was a short wait, however. The music
stopped abruptly, and the captain again
swung open the door and stood aside for
Abd-es-Selam to pass. The chamberlain,
with hatred and victory thrilling like an
electric current in his blood, threw his
sulham back over both shoulders, as they
must who enter the Presence. He entered,
took a dozen steps into the great room and
bowed low to Mulai Abd-el-Aziz and again
to Kaid Dukah, who sat beside him upon
the cushions. He looked smilingly but
keenly into each face. In that of the Sultan
he found a puzzled chagrin, disappointment.
In that of Kaid Dukah he fancied he saw
fear. In which he may have seen truly, for
Dukah, a quick reader of faces himself, had

noted the triumph in Abd-es-Selam’s eyes,
and feared for Mohamed Ali.

  “Approach,” commanded the Sultan,
“and make your business known.”

  The chamberlain strode forward, knelt
swiftly in obeisance and then straightened.

  “I bring a gift for Your Majesty,” he said.
“Will you order me to have the captain of
the guards bring it hither?”

  The eyes of the young monarch sought
those of Dukah, but found there no sug-
gestion.

  “It is an order,” he said then.

  “And—and, Your Majesty, I would es-
teem it a boon could I be permitted to have
the Vizier Saidi present. It is a matter
which concerns him somewhat.”

  Now, the Vizier Saidi was suspected of
being a friend to Abd-es-Selam, and of not
being one of the Sultan’s most ardent sup-
porters. But he was a man of considerable
wealth and power, and perhaps the foremost
authority in the country upon Mohamme-
dan law. The anxiety in Dukah’s heart
deepened.

  “It is an unusual request,” said the
Sultan.

  “And an unusual gift, Sidna,” replied
Abd-es-Selam, quickly. “Wherefore, as a

favor-”

  “Granted.” His Majesty’s tone was
short. “Let us hope the gift is unusual
enough to warrant the preparation made to
present it. You have our leave to retire.”
Swiftly—once out of the room where con-
vention ruled that he must make his exist
backing and bowing—Abd-es-Selam found
the captain of the guards and had him send
for the Vizier Saidi. Then he himself went
to his own quarters and returned propelling
the one-eyed beggar by the arm. At the en-
trance he found Saidi awaiting him. To
him he whispered two words, a name, which
brought a grunt of surprize and a swift look
of question at the bandaged face.

  Again the doors were opened by the cap-
tain. Again Abd-es-Selam stood before
His Majesty, the beggar at his right, the
Vizier Saidi at his left, and made obeisance.
But there was no humbleness in the glance
which he threw at the now pale Dukah, nor
in the hah sneer with which he noted the
trembling hands of the Sultan. The cap-
tain of the guards took up a position behind
them.

  “Your Majesty,” Abd-es-Selam spoke
slowly. “It has ever been my aim to serve
The Treasure of Mulai El-Hassan

Your Majesty to the best of my ability.
But I have not always been convinced that
Your Majesty has felt in me the confidence,
and for me the friendliness which it has been
my wish to inspire.”

  The Sultan moved a hand restlessly.
There was insult in the motion, slight as it
was; a repudiation of Abd-es-Selam and all
his works. But the monarch’s eyes, like
those of Dukah, were fixed upon the beggar
who stood with bent head before them.
Mohamed Ali, beyond a doubt, was caught
by the one he had set a trap for. The dirt of
the fandaks clung to face and beard, and the
bandage had shpped down a httle so that it
almost concealed both eyes. Dukali, seek-
ing another evidence, leaned over until he
could see the bound hands of the prisoner,
who turned slightly as if consciously to help
him. Upon a finger of the right hand was
Mohamed Ali’s ring, and Dukali’s heart fell.

  “Assuredly,” he grieved, “there can be
no mistake this time. Abd-es-Selam has
had him captive and therefore has made
certain.”

  As if in answer to his unvoiced words, the
Chamberlain spoke.

  “There is no doubt, no doubt at all, Your
Majesty—•” his eyes flickered with malice
and his lips curled in a httle grin—“that
Your Majesty is aware that I am a faithful
servant. For a long time I have desired to
prove it to Your Majesty by some signal
service. At last fortune smiled upon me.
Allah thrust into my hands the person
of-”

  He paused, poised on the pinnacle of his
triumph.

  Kaid Dukali had been thinking swiftly.
He perceived the things Abd-es-Selam had
in mind. The Vizier Saidi had been desired
as a witness because he was no friend of the
Sultan, and because he was the country’s
chief exponent of the Koranic law. Truly
Abd-es-Selam had won the game. Once
the bandage was torn from the head of
Mohamed Ali, the Sultan could not save
him.

  The Vizier knew The Law—and would teU
it to the city. And the law was above even
the Sultan. His failure to punish the out-
law for whom he had so long offered rewards,
this in the hands of those who knew how to
use it to the utmost, would be more than
enough excuse for the city to rise and de-
throne him, to set the country in that last
flame which demands the fall of its ruler.

The Kaid forgot the mission of Mohamed
Ali, forgot that loss of the treasure meant
national ruin, forgot all save that now two
words hung between his friend and death.
And as Abd-es-Selam paused and raised his
hand toward the beggar’s head, Dukali
spoke:

  “A moment.” The upraised hand halted
the action of the Chamberlain. “I, Kaid
Dukali, formally charge the, chamberlain,
Abd-es-Selam, with conspiring against the
life of the Sultan. My own head—” he
turned toward the Sultan, and his eyes
flashed— “my own head answers for the
charge, Your Majesty.”

  “But we do not——”

  “I have not told you, my master. But
it is true. I repeat the charge.”

  “It is an empty one, as Allah is my wit-
ness,” answered Abd-es-Selam. “Nay,
more. It is a trick, only. This—there is a
certain man who is friend, great friend to
Kaid Dukali. It is for his sake that he lies.”
The hand of Dukali flashed to the dagger
at his belt as the word left the lips of the
chamberlain.

  “Your Majesty, my master-” he be-
gan, but the Sultan gave the signal for
silence.

  “And from you, Abd-es-Selam, silence
for the moment, also,” he commanded.

  He closed his eyes as though weary.
Then suddenly he opened them, rose swiftly
and, with one hand stretched menacingly
towards his Chamberlain, spoke with a voice
which Kaid Dukah had never heard before,
which brought him to his feet with a new
hope.

  “Abd-es-Selam.” The monarch, sud-
denly strong, formed his words carefully.
“We think you make a jest of us. You
spoke of your desire to serve. You have
never served us. You spoke of your loyalty.
You have never been loyal. You spoke of
your desire to share our confidence, but our
confidence is not for our enemies. And at
last you say you bring us a gift to be
presented with much formality and in the
presence of—of your friend, Saidi.”

  The Vizier winced at the Sultan’s little
hesitation, and at the slight emphasis he put
upon the last three words.

  “Now—‘now—*” The voice deepened,
menaced. “You bring us our gift, a filthy
beggar! Think you that such a jest may be
borne by us? Have we become so common,
so low, so httle to be respected, that a dog
Adventure

whom we have raised to our household may
insult us with such a jest?”

  Abd-es-Selam, attacked from an unex-
pected quarter, was startled, but his
thoughts were swift. Dukah, seeing the
manner in which this royal youth had risen
to a seemingly hopeless situation, under-
standing the royal bluff his master was play-
ing, trembled with admiration and hope.

  “Go!” ordered the Sultan, and the word
boomed through the room. “Go! Before
I send you with my captain.”

  The captain of the guards stepped for-
ward to the side of the chamberlain. But
Abd-es-Selam’s quick brain had reassured
him. He saw that the Sultan was bluffing,
but he saw also that, unless he had temerity
to face the potentate’s anger, his own head
would pay the price. He bowed low.

  “Very well, Your Majesty. I hear and

obey. But first-”

  With a motion so quick that the eyes
could scarcely follow, he whipped the ban-
dage from the beggar’s head and stepped
back, his face distorted with anger and
mahce.

  “Observe my gift, Your Majesty.” He
bowed again. “Mohamed Ah.”

  Again he looked at the Sultan and then
swiftly at the beggar.

  “Allah!” he shouted. “Allah!”

  A white vacant eye-socket stared at him
out of a face which grinned cheerfully.

CHAPTER XIII

“no PATH OF EVIL WITHOUT ITS QUICK-
SANDS.”

npHE effect of the beggar’s face upon
those who stared at it, was ludicrous,
even though the situation bulged with
tragedy.

  “Now, perhaps, I may ask why I am tied
up like a sack of meal by this man and
carried here? Always insisting that I am
Mohamed Ah, and not Aisa, the One-
Eyed.”

  It was the voice of the beggar, and it cut
the cord of formahty. As he spoke he re-
stored the bandage to its place. Human
nature asserted itself. The relief of the
Sultan and Dukah was so huge, the bewil-
derment of Vizier Saidi so evident, that
even the amazement and terror of the
chamberlain could not command gravity.
“Mohamed Ah!”

  The Sultan’s voice cracked, and reseating
himself, he rocked with mirth.

  “Mohamed Ah,” echoed Dukali, his eyes
seeking his master’s. “Ho! Ho! Ho! A
royal gift, Your Majesty. Royal indeed.
A one-eyed beggar, a ragged djellaba, and
Allah alone knows how many lice. Ho!
Ho! Ho! Abd-es-Selam sets a new style
in gifts from a chamberlain.”

  “Allah is my witness,” cried Abd-es-
Selam whom anger now consumed. “Allah
is my witness, Your Majesty, that this man
was Mohamed Ah.”

  “And a miracle no doubt changed him,”
the Sultan said dryly. His eyes gleamed,
but not with friendship for his chamberlain.

  “I meant—I mean that in Rabat I laid
hands upon Mohamed Ah. Knowing that
his capture was a thing dear to Your Majes-
ty’s heart, I bound him securely and started
at once for Fez.”

  “Hoping to serve us?” offered the Sultan.
“Hoping to serve Your Majesty. But—
but there was no opportunity. Allah!
Perhaps I am not in my right mind. I
myself watched. There was no chance of
escape.”

  “But if Mohamed Ah escaped, what is the
purpose of bringing this poor beggar in his
stead?”

  “He could not have escaped. And whence
came this poor fool, I know not. Allah!
And I have been guarding this beggar while

Mohamed Ah-”

  He stopped, and panic entered his heart.
What had Mohamed Ali been doing while
he, Abd-es-Selam, had been carrying the
beggar to Fez? And how, in the name of
Allah, had Mohamed Ah tricked him thus?

  “At any rate, Your Majesty,” he con-
tinued after a moment. “At any rate, you
observe that my intentions were to serve
you, even though something has occurred
which I can not explain and which has taken
my gift from us both. Assuredly Your
Majesty will not punish one of his followers
for—for such a misfortune.”

  The Sultan, his face composed and
thoughtful again, looked at Kaid Dukah,
and Dukali looked at him. The minds of
both were busy with the same question.
That Abd-es-Selam had held the person of
Mohamed Ah neither doubted, nor that
Mohamed Ah by a clever stroke, had freed
himself and sent out in his place a hostage
which should confound the plans of the
chamberlain. But where was Mohamed
The Treasure of Mulai El-Hassan

Ali now? Where was the treasure, if he had
discovered it? Why had Abd-es-Selam re-
turned so quickly to Fez?

  The hangings which covered one side of
the room parted shghtly, and a court officer
looked towards the group. Catching Du-
kali’s eye, he made a signal which caused the
Kaid to go to him. After a few words had
been exchanged, Dukah again sought the
Sultan’s side, and murmured a sentence.
His Majesty nodded his head and looked
into his friend’s eyes with a question. But
Dukali’s face showed nothing then, nor
when he shortly commanded the beggar to
follow him. They disappeared through the
curtains, but a moment later reappeared,
Dukali to take his place at the Sultan’s
side, the beggar to stand meekly by.

  “We can not punish you for that, it is
true,” said the Sultan. “But there is an-
other side to the matter which, apparently,
you have not thought of. We mean this:
That you say you had the person of our
enemy, Mohamed Ah, but that he escaped
from you. Now to our mind, you are to
blame for that escape. Assuredly no one
else is. Wherefore—” he turned suddenly
to the Vizier Saidi—“wherefore is it not
justice that for that he should be pun-
ished?”

  Abd-es-Selam also turned upon the Vi-
zier. His lips formed a word, but his teeth
held it back.

  “I—I— It would seem so, Sidna. Ex-
cept that-”

  “Very good,” the Sultan cut him off.
“Very good. You know the law.”

  He smiled a httle. Abd-es-Selam could
at least be justly isolated for a few days, and
in a few days many things may happen.
But here Dukah asked permission to speak.

  “And what about the caravan, Abd-es-
Selam?” he asked.

   “It—it is in my fandak, of course.”

  “Hm! One is, I suppose. And the
other?”

   The face of the chamberlain paled a httle.
“What other? I know of but one. That
which I brought with me from Rabat,
carrying grain for the most part.”

  “For the most part,” repeated Dukali.
“The other part was not, by chance, anything
which—which belongs to His Majesty?”
“Which belongs to His Majesty? I know
not what you mean.” Abd-es-Selam spoke
boldly enough, but the voice of danger
shouted in his heart. “All that I have, the

caravan included, of course, is at His Majes-
ty’s service.”

  “He means the treasure of Mulai el-

Hassan.”

   It was the beggar who spoke, and to each
his words brought a different emotion. The
Sultan stared, the Vizier shook a bewil-
dered head, Dukah smiled as a man smiles
who knows of hidden matters and Abd-es-
Selam’s eyes narrowed as he looked at the
one who spoke. He swallowed with an
effort.

  “The man is insane!” he said at last.
“What is this treasure of Mulai el-Hassan of
which he speaks?”

   “That which your brothers carried north-
ward from Rabat,” answered the beggar.

   “Allah! He dreams,” cried Abd-es-Selam,
but his palms were sweating and his words
had claws which tore his throat. The
Sultan stared alternately at the beggar and
at Abd-es-Selam.

  “No dream,” replied the beggar. “Or
else, perchance, the canvas sacks of dates, a
hand’s breadth longer than the usual size.”
At sight of the spasm which twisted the
face of his chamberlain, the Sultan started
and, for a space his eyes bored into those of
Abd-es-Selam. Then:

   “So! So you have tried to rob us of that
which is ours, even as I suspected.”

  “This is madness, Your Majesty. This
beggar, he either dreams or lies.”

   “And yet he dreams or lies with a strange
semblance to the truth.” The Sultan mo-
tioned to the beggar. “Have you still other
dreams, beggar?”

   The beggar nodded slowly.

  “Yes, Your Majesty. These things I
know to be truth: First, the treasure of
Mulai el-Hassan, your father, upon whom
be peace, was taken from the city wall of
Rabat where this man, Abd-es-Selam, hid
it. It was divided, the gold and jewels,
hidden in sacks especially made, of a httle
greater length, and surrounded by dried
dates which, as you know, are heavy. Two
caravans were formed. One, that which
came hither with Abd-es-Selam, large and
slow-traveling, bearing grain for the most
part. The other bearing the treasure bags,
was composed of swift mules which went
northward. The two brothers of Abd-es-

Selam-”

   “Lies! Lies!”

   “Silence!”

   The Sultan’s voice thundered in anger at
Adventure

Abd-es-Selam, and the Captain of the Guards
laid a warning hand upon his shoulder.

  “The two brothers of Abd-es-Selam were
in charge of the caravan which went north-
ward. They were to carry the treasure to
Tangier where, no doubt, a boat would be
in waiting to take it to France. But the
two brothers died upon the way before going
very far. Mohamed Ali killed them.”
“Mohamed Ah!” exclaimed the Sultan in
surprize, and a swift flash of relief swept his
face.

  He looked at Dukah and smiled. That
smile meant praise for Mohamed Ah, and
was answered in kind. But Abd-es-Selam,
though fear now pinched his features, was
no coward.

  “Do not believe it, Your Majesty,” he
cried. “This is another trick.”

  “Proceed,” ordered the Sultan to the
beggar, eyeing his chamberlain coldly.

  “Yes, Mohamed Ah killed them both
while his men were overpowering the others.
You see, Your Majesty, Mohamed Ali had
a dozen of his own men in Rabat for an
emergency.”

  “But Mohamed Ah was my prisoner in
Rabat.,” cried Abd-es-Selam. “As Allah is
my -witness.”

  “He speaks truth there,” agreed the beg-
gar. “He discovered Mohamed Ali and
bound him and told him, unwisely, many
things, desiring to taunt him. Things
which were useful when Mohamed Ali re-
gained his liberty.”

  “And that was accomphshed in what
manner?”

  The Sultan leaned forward eagerly.

  “Very simply. Mohamed Ali’s men came
upon Abd-es-Selam’s caravan on the first
night, turned the fandak into an uproar and
replaced Mohamed Ali by his double.”

  “Allah kerim!” The exclamation came
from Dukah. “Mohamed Ali escapes and
with the same motion snares his captor in a
pretty trap!”

  The Sultan nodded, his eyes shining.
“And then,” continued the beggar, “Mo-
hamed Ah rode northward with his men
who had rescued him, and overtook the
other caravan of Abd-es-Selam by night of
the following day. Horses are swifter even
than swift mules. And, having overcome
the caravan, Mohamed Ali put the heads
of Abd-es-Selam’s brothers in a sack and
led the caravan back to Fez. It hes now in
one of Your Majesty’s fandaks. But the

bags of dates and what is secreted within
them are elsewhere.”

  He ceased, and the Sultan turned his eyes
upon his chamberlain.

  “What has Abd-es-Selam to say to this?”
he asked sternly.

  Now was the chamberlain convinced that
through some jest of Allah his plans had
been wrecked and revealed, and his head
brought close to the executioner’s sword.
But, summoning ah his strength of will, he
played the only card he had left. Turning
to the Vizier Saidi, he asked:

  “It is the law, I think, that there must be
proof, more proof than the mere word of a
beggar, such as this one, against me.”

  “That is the law,” agreed the Vizier.
“Then I must demand proof, Your
Majesty. This beggar—” he cast a look
of insult at the man—“this beggar has
come by idle gossip and dreamed dreams.
Unless he is a tool of my enemies. How
knows he these things? It is impossible by
his own admissions. He says I brought
him in my own caravan, bound, to Fez.
Assuredly he has not heard these wild tales
here. Speak, miserable one.”

  “That I did not say,” replied the beggar.
“Not that you brought me bound to Fez.”
“See, Your Majesty. Already he contra-
dicts himself.”

  The chamberlain regained courage. Per-
haps after all, this was only a trick to catch
him, a trick carefully planned by the Sultan
and Dukali.

  “He admits having lied to Your Majesty.
He told you first that I brought him here.
Now he denies having said it. Now—”
he turned upon the beggar—“now explain
if you can explain.”

  “As you wish,” answered the beggar.
“You are confused, Abd-es-Selam. It was
Aisa, the One-Eyed, who told you that.
I am—” A quick hand tore aside the
bandage—“Mohamed Ah.”

CHAPTER XIV

“IF ALLAH IS TO JUDGE YOU, BE SURE OF
YOUR CASE.”

ABD-ES-SELAM, facing Mohamed Ah,
closed his eyes as one in pain and
swayed a httle. But not by weakness had
he fought, plotted and suffered his way from
poverty and obscurity to wealth and posi-
tion. Knowing now that he looked into
The Treasure of Mulai El-Hassan

the eyes of that destiny which an inscrut-
able fate had traced upon his forehead at
birth, he regained control of himself with a
mighty effort, an effort which drew his face
into deep-cut lines and which tore at the
eye-balls. And, with an exertion as that of
a man lifting a great burden, he turned his
head until he met the eyes of the Sultan.

  “I have no further defense to make, Your
Majesty.” His voice was harsh. “On this
charge,” he added. “That your father,
Mulai el-Hassan, entrusted me with his
treasure, is true. That, upon his death and
the seizure of power by that upstart, Bou
Hamed, I concealed the treasure, is also
true. Even though Mulai el-Hassan named
Your Majesty as his successor, I did not be-
lieve it was his wish that Bou Hamed should
become the actual sovereign. Wherefore—
wherefore I acted in accord with my opin-
ion. Had I revealed the secret to Bou
Hamed—and Allah knows that he stopped
only at torture to wring it from me—where
would it have gone? With all else that the
Sultan el-Hassan left behind him, into the
hands of those who ever since have preyed
upon Your Majesty and upon our country.”

  Now these were bold words, and for a
moment all who heard them were startled.
And for a space, also, were the waters of
truth made muddy. But only for a little.

  “And that,” growled Mohamed Ali, “is
the reason you attempt to send these treas-
ures to France, where I suspect you were
about to go yourself if your plans failed
here.”

  “And who are you, Abd-es-Salem,” de-
manded the Sultan, flushing, “to decide
what is good and what is evil for our Em-
pire? Am I Sultan, or no?”

  Abd-es-Selam bowed silent affirmative.

  “And therefore,” continued His Majesty,
“it appears to us that your words are noth-
ing more than hes, and that you have tried
to rob us of that which is ours, and have
failed.”

  Again Abd-es-Selam bowed and said
nothing.

  “But, Your Majesty—” It was Dukah
who spoke now. “There is still a more
serious charge against this man. A httle
while ago I made the charge and offered my
own head as hostage.”

  “And that charge I denied.” Abd-es-
Selam turned viciously upon Dukah.
“Think you not that I understood the pur-
pose of your accusation? That I failed to

see it was to protect this, the beggar whom
you also thought to be Mohamed Ali, your
tool?”

  “Let us see what Mohamed Ah can tell
us of the matter,” replied Dukah calmly.

  “Speak, Mohamed,” requested the Sul-
tan.

  “It came about in this wise, Your Majes-
ty. In a beggar’s garments I lay in the
kitchens of Abd-es-Selam. There, at mid-
night, came two slaves, brothers, who were
much afraid. I know not who they were.
One Of them had overheard, spied upon a
meeting between Abd-es-Selam and the
German, Langmann. It concerned the life
of Your Majesty, which was to be taken by
means of a machine for the making of por-
traits. The slaves were much afraid, as I
have said, and decided to seek safety at
once by flight to their native village. I,
being only a beggar, could not detain them
myself. But I informed Dukah of the
affair, and—and he took the necessary steps,
I believe.”

  “The first we have heard of it,” said the
Sultan, looking questioningly at Dukah.
“We knew that Herr Langmann was found
dead upon the street, but the physicians
said that his heart had been weak.”

  “That could not have been the cause of
death,” said Dukah with cynical lips, “for
Your Majesty well knows that Herr Lang-
mann had no heart. But one should not
jest concerning the dead, may he roast in
El Hotamal The matters that happened
were thus: I received the camera, whic.h
had a poisoned needle, and invited Lang-
mann and Abd-es-Selam and the French
consul to tea with me. Then—I showed
the German how to operate the machine
with his own finger. Thereupon he ran
away and died. After which I explained
the poison device to the French consul.
He, I thought, would be a good witness,
should one be needed.”

   A smile flashed across the face of the Sul-
tan, and was gone.

  “And this man Abd-es-Selam?”

   “Oh, naturally he asserted that it was all
the work of the German. Not having the
slaves in our hands, we waited.”

  “This, Your Majesty,” broke in Abd-es-
Selam, “is another lie. The two slaves
who ran away, I had beaten. Besides run-
ning away, they stole from me a consider-
able amount of money which they took
with them. These lies they no doubt
Adventure

devised to protect themselves or for revenge
upon me.”

  “And consequently, whispered them with
fear and trembhng, with hps touching ear at
midnight in a rogm they supposed to be
deserted.”

  Mohamed Ali’s voice had a rough edge.

  “Or, so far as I know, the he was born in
the head of Mohamed Ah himself,” Abd-es-
Selam offered.

  “Allah!” thought Mohamed Ah. “This
man is no coward at any rate. Almost—
almost I could be merciful to him, were I
the Sidna.”

  “At any rate, Your Majesty,” continued
Abd-es-Selam. “This tale is not evidence.
Where are the slaves? It is not the law that
what one claims to have overheard may be
admitted as evidence. Is that not true,
Saidi? Where are the slaves?”

  “Yes, by Allah,” thought Mohamed Ah
further, “were I the Sultan, I should pardon
and use this man. He plays his only card
as though it were unbeatable. Where are
the slaves? Hmph! He has us there.”

  And aloud:

  “They will be brought hither in a short
time.”

  Abd-es-Selam flashed an edged look at
Mohamed Ali and shrugged his shoulders.

  “Then we must wait until they are
found.”

  His hesitation before the last word, as
well as a httle tightening of the hps, showed
that he saw through the reason for the
delay.

  “And in the meantime, I can but deny
this charge. And I do deny it, Allah be my
judge.”

  “Let Allah be his judge,” said Mohamed
Ah quickly. “That is well.”

  He drew nearer the Sultan, and spoke
swiftly in lowered voice. The Sultan re-
flected a moment, smiled and nodded.

  “And in the meantime,” concluded Mo-
hamed Ah, “let him be watched most care-
fully, Your Majesty. He is a clever man
and a brave one. And we do not desire to
lose him.”

  “So be it,” ordered the Sultan, with a
motion to the captain of the guards. “Bind
him.”

  The captain snapped a pair of handcuffs
upon the chamberlain’s wrists.

  “Now take him into the next room.
Never leave him. If he escapes you, it were
better you should die by your own hand.”

  “He shah not escape, Your Majesty,” an-
swered the captain, and led away his captive.

  “And you, Vizier Saidi, embodiment of
the law—” The Sultan’s voice was hard
and tired—“await you in your own quarters
until we shall send for you. Be sure you
understand. In your own quarters. And
let your hps be sealed with the seal of
silence, unless you wish to die.”

  The Vizier bowed low, and departed.
“And I am weary. I must rest,” said the
Sultan. “No doubt you two—” his smile
embraced Mohamed Ah and Dukah—“have
matters to discuss. You are our friends
and we love you both. Concerning recent
matters, we shall speak to you a httle later.”
He withdrew into a private room of which
the doorway was concealed by curtains.

  “And now,” said Dukah, when the cur-
tains fell again into place. “What about
these slaves? Naturally I myself have
sought them, but in vain,”

  “Hmph!” grunted Mohamed Ah. “He
had us there! And whether they shall be
forthcoming or not I am far from certain.
To you I admit that I feel most foolish.
Those slaves, as I said, I could not myself
detain. Nevertheless, I had secreted at
the time in your stables a trustworthy and
intelligent black, Filial, who has often been
of aid to me. Him I found in the darkness
and bade him secure aid and follow and cap-
ture the slaves. He did so, and took them
to a place he knows of. But—and through
no fault of his, for he was almost killed—
they escaped.”

  “And you, of course, know not whither.”
“Naturally. But now this is why I say
I feel most foohsh. Upon my arrival in Fez
this morning and as I passed through the
city gate, a hand was laid upon my shoulder.
Do you know one called the Master of the
Djinnoon?”

  Mohamed Ah shot his question and
watched Dukah with keen eyes. But,
aside from a smile which might have been
caused merely by the naming of such a one,
he observed nothing.

  “Of him I have heard.”

  “Hmph! Do you know him?”

  “I have met him.”

  “Now, by Allah! Between you and me
there must be no curtains henceforth.

Listen-”

  And Mohamed Ah told of the episode in
the house of the Black Magician, at the very
beginning of his task.
The Treasure of Mulai El-Hassan

171

  “And now,” he concluded, “what I desire
to know is, did you tell this dabbler in the
occult anything concerning my mission? Is
he in the confidence of His Majesty or your-
self?”

  Kaid Dukah shook his head slowly.
“Habib, the Magician, is a strange man.
He has served me once. And my master
once also. No more, I think. Things
which are hidden from others are seen by
him sometimes. But not always. I sus-
pect, suspect only, mark you, that he is the
head, in this country, of the Sanyssiyah

secret service. And, if that be the case-”

  “Allah! If that be the case,” broke in
Mohamed Ali, “he has a secret service which
I can never hope to equal.”

  “Assuredly few things occur of which he
does not learn quickly. But I think also,
nay, I am certain, that he has clairvoyant
power to a high degree. That he showed
you.”

  “Now are many things made clearer.”
Relief was in Mohamed Ali’s voice. “Man-
ifestly the Black Magician and I must come
to know each other better in order that we
may watch each other more closely. But I
am relieved. Perhaps he will keep his
promise, but I have not told you. At the
city gate a hand was laid upon my shoulder.
I looked into the Magician’s face. He knew
me. Beyond a doubt he knew me, despite
my rags and bandage and begging

bowl-”

  “What would Abd-es-Selam not have
given for that perception!” commented
Dukali.

  “And he whispered: ‘The missing slaves
of Abd-es-Selam shall be brought to you to-
day in midafternoon.’ Only that, and he
was gone.”

  “It was afternoon now,” observed Dukali.
“But I feel that the slaves will be here. He
is a strange man, and a marvellously wise
one.”

  “You beheve at all in his djinnoon?”

  “I believe in everything,” replied Dukah,
smiling. “Somewhat,” he added, and
laughed aloud at Mohamed Ali’s look of
scorn. “But now you must be weary. Let
us go to my quarters. There you may
rest while I discover what dates is within the
bags of Abd-es-Selam. I hope greatly that
the treasure is there. And that it will
satisfy Europe until we can turn around.”

  “I think it will,” answered Mohamed
Ali. “It is there, assuredly, judging from

the weight of the bags, although I had no
time to examine it.”

  “You have saved the Sultan his throne.”
“Hmph! And a dozen times, nearly, lost
him the head of a faithful servant.”

CHAPTER XV

“NEITHER SHALL YE WEAKEN THE POWER

of allah, so as to escape it.”—Al Koran.

1V/TOHAMED ALI was summoned from
LVA slumber, even as he had been a few
days previously among the Anjerah hills by
Kaid Dukali, whose face now, as then, was a
friendly lamp lighted by smiles. Mo-
hamed Ali sat up yawning, stretching his
great shoulders and blinking his eyes.

  “The slaves are here,” said Dukali.

  All remnants of drowsiness left his friend,
who sprang to his feet and stared into the
eyes of the Kaid.

  “Then—then the Master of the Djin-
noon-”

  “Precisely,” Dukah nodded his head
toward a doorway. “The Black Magician
and the two slaves. They wait in there.”
“Allah! I think now that I did not much
trust his word when he said he would bring
them. To me it sounded much like an idle
boast. His djinnoon, I suppose.”

  Dukah laughed.

  “Of course, to some extent. But when
you told me that he had made such a prom-
ise, I recalled that I had heard that these
two slaves had once belonged to him who
calls himself the Master of the Djinnoon.
Consequently, I argued that it would be
highly probable that he knew of their hur-
ried flight, and equally probable, that he
knew the name of the village which had
mothered them.”

  “And you told him this?”

  “Oh, in a fashion. But I gave his djin-
noon credit, also. There is no need, friend
of mine, to disprove a tale which injures
no one. There is much to be gained by ap-
pearing to beheve even when one knows
that a thing is false. Thereby one makes
friends and opens many mouths which
otherwise would be closed. And I do not
think that all of the Black Magician’s works
can be so easily explained.”

  “Hmph! Perhaps not. No doubt I
shah have plenty of occasion to find out
in the future. Then, without doubt, the
slaves were in his hands even when he told
172

Adventure

me at the city gate that he would bring
them. Why couldn’t he have said so?”
“That I believe to be true. Neverthe-
less, every man has the right to govern his
own actions up to a certain variable point.
If Habit desired to make somewhat of a
mystery of the matter, that was his right, I

think. And as he was serving us-”

  “I am not complaining,” interrupted
Mohamed Ah. “Allah! I am pleased. I
should still be pleased if His Majesty, the
Master of the Djinnoon, should bring the
slaves to us painted in all the colors of the
rainbow, and calling them Princes of Abys-
sinia. What I want is the slaves, and I care
not how why nor where. But as for the
when, the sooner the better. I desire to see
an end of Abd-es-Selam’s works.”

  “Allah permitting,” offered Dukah.
“Now let us go. I have told His Majesty
how things stand. He will come in a httle
while—” he glanced at the watch upon his
wrist—“to sit in judgment upon Abd-es-
Selam, to hear the slaves and to view the
treasure. Which, as you have slept, I have
prepared for his sight. Come. You may
look upon it before he arrives.”

  “Even a beggar, such as I—” his hands
brushed over the tattered djellaba which he
still wore— “may enjoy sight of treasure.”
They went swiftly toward the Sultan’s
audience chamber, which, by Dukali’s or-
ders, was now guarded by half a dozen war-
riors, stalwart and grim. They came to
salute as the Kaid approached, and stared
with curiosity at Dukali’s companion.

  Two great treasure chests of massive oak,
bound with hand-wide iron bands, their hds
thrown back, gaped hungrily at one end
of the room. They were empty, but upon
the floor ah about them, were piles of gold
coin, jewels in little baskets and two score
bars of yellow gold, built up hke a minia-
ture mosque tower.

  “I think that His Majesty has his million
pounds sterling,” said Mohamed Ah.

  “More than that, or I am no judge,” an-
swered Dukah. “See here, and here.”

  He lifted a hand toward Mohamed Ah.
Two necklaces, one of diamonds and the
other of great rubies, hung from his fingers
and flashed hke chains of flame.

  “There will be reward in this for you,” he
said. “And opportunity. You shall be
the Haroun-el-Raschid of Morocco, and the
power behind the throne.”

  “Hmph! And in due course shah die, no

doubt, as Haroun the Great died, by poison.”
“Allah forbid! And you shall be a Vizier

with horsemen always to precede you-”

  “Shouting, ‘Behold, the head of the Sul-
tan’s secret service,’ ” offered Mohamed
Ah, dryly. “That would be most excellent!
No. If His Majesty desires to create a, let
us say, pohtical intelligence service, I am
ready to serve him. But if he desires only
a new Vizier, some one to wear a title grace-
fully and fill an office without labor, he had
better name one Dukah for the post. For
I’ll have none of it. Life’s too short and I’m
too old, Dukah, to play monkey-on-a-

string. Now you-”

  His big laugh cut off his words. Dukah
took the gibe in good spirit, but seized at
once upon what had been said with an air
of well-considered decision.

  “Nevertheless, Mohamed,” he said, “the
matter is important. Be not hasty. Wait
until His Majesty shah take the matter up
with you.”

  “And there is another thing, Dukah. I
think that if I accept the task, it will be nec-
essary for me to talk with His Majesty as
if he were only Mohamed Ah’s brother in-
stead of Sultan of Morocco. His unwise
friendships, his thoughtless extravagance,

his misplaced trusts-”

  “Are things which he will thank Mo-
hamed Ali to correct,” said a calm voice in
which there was just a hint of laughter.

  Both men swung about to face the Sultan.
Both sank to knee, but Abd-el-Aziz bade
them rise.

  “Yesterday I was not what I am today,”
he said. “No, even this afternoon I am
not what I was this morning. And I be-
lieve, I hope-”

  His voice faltered and his head bent.
But quickly he straightened, held a hand
out to each of his companions and, with the
strength of sudden purpose, of a new man-
hood, said, while he looked into their eyes:
“Oh, I am Sultan, I know. Commander
of the Faithful, Prince of Islam. But I am
also young, and I need—I need true friends.
Be them to me. Now, for once, if never
again, I may say that I have been foohsh,
thoughtless, headstrong and worse.”

  “Nay, be not embarrassed, Mohamed
Ah, and let truth be always upon your lips,
for me at least. I speak in all sincerity. I
need your friendship, I need your service,
and if you give me both friendship and
service—” a whimsical smile caressed his
The Treasure of Mulai El-Hassan

173

lips—“part of your reward will be the
privilege of telling the truth, as you see it,
to your ruler.”

  “That is high reward, Your Majesty,” re-
plied Mohamed Ah. “I think—” Mo-
hamed Ah could be as whimsical as the
young Sultan—“but I think perhaps the
novelty of such a thing will be worth it to
Your Majesty.”

  “It is a bargain then?” asked the Sultan.
  “It is a bargain,” assented Mohamed Ah.
  The sovereign turned to Dukali.

  “Still,” he said, “here is one who tells
me the truth, although perhaps not all of it.
But he is my friend and loves me, as I love
him.”

  “Which is the reason,” offered Mohamed
Ah, “that he does not tell you all the truth.”
The eyebrows of the Sultan lifted, but he
laughed.

  “And therefore, Mohamed Ah will not
love me, so that he may always tell me the
entire truth.”

  “Love is blindness, and bhndness is
death,” answered Mohamed Ali gravely.
“Whereupon I shall assuredly try to keep
from being blind.”

  “And this—” the Sultan moved toward
the treasure strewn upon the floor—“the
treasure of Mulai el-Hassan, my father,” he
cried.

  Quick glances encompassed it, estimated
its worth.

  “More than is needed, Your Majesty,”
said Dukah.

  “You have save our throne, Mohamed
Ali. And I think the country. Our grati-
tude is yours, and your reward that which
you may desire.”

  “I ask no reward, Your Majesty.” Mo-
hamed Ah’s tone was blunt. “I served
you—because—because I desired somewhat
to serve my country.”

  “And that is the sort of service which
deserves reward. The other sort is bought
and paid for. Here, your hand.”

  Mohamed Ah held out his right hand.
From his own fingers the Sultan drew a gold
band, carved with the roses of Marraksh,
but without a jewel, and slipped it upon
that of Mohamed Ah.

  “This, Mohamed Ah, has no value except
that it belonged to my father, Mulai el-
Hassan. Will you accept it?”

  Mohamed Ah nodded gravely.

  “It shall bind me to Your Majesty’s
service,” he answered.

  The Sultan drew two papers from his belt.
One he handed to Mohamed Ah, the other
to Dukah. To the former he said:

  “This is the formal pardon for Mohamed
Ah with good and sufficient reasons given,
namely, that he has frustrated a plot against
our life and prevented the robbing of us
by Abd-es-Selam. That paper which you
have, Dukah, is a copy of the proclamation,
duly signed. See that it is posted today.
Mohamed Ah, you are outlaw no longer.”
Mohamed Ali dropped to one knee, then
arose.

  “I thank Your Majesty,” he said.

  “Your Viziership awaits you.”

  “That can not be, Your Majesty,” de-
murred Mohamed Ah, and explained why.
As he spoke the Sultan began to nod his
head thoughtfully.

  “You are right, Mohamed Ah,” he said
when he had finished. “We see that the
honor is an empty one, to you at least.
But, and more important, is the work to
be done. So be it. From this moment
you are the head of our political intelligence
service.” He smile grimly. “You shah
be a busy man, Mohamed Ah, I assure you,
if your task is to defend our country against
foes within and without.”

  “No doubt! No doubt, Your Majesty.
Yet, it is better to work than to pray in such
a situation as now confronts us. And I may
find time for an occasional prayer at that.”
“There remains the matter of Abd-es-
Selam, Your Majesty,” said Dukah now.
“It grows late. The slaves, as I informed
Your Majesty, have been found, and are
now here. They substantiate ah that Mo-
hamed Ah has said concerning them.”
“Send for the Vizier Saidi, then,” com-
manded the Sultan, “so that that light of
the law may see what he may see.”

  Dukah sped upon the errand.

  “And I, Your Majesty, must wait out-
side,” said Mohamed Ah.

  “You have our leave to retire,” said the
Sultan, and Mohamed Ali withdrew.

  Dukah quickly returned, followed by
Saidi, who had obeyed to the letter His
Majesty’s instructions to remain silent in
his own quarters. He had not even thought
of leaving them; had not even wished to
speak. He was thoroughly cowed. Upon
his heels entered the Master of the Djin-
noon, swathed from head to foot in volu-
minous black satin garments, followed by
the two black slaves. They prostrated
174

Adventure

themselves before the Sultan, and then at
his command, rose and waited in silence.

  “Bring Abd-es-Selam,” now ordered the
Sultan, seating himself upon a divan near
the piles of treasure.

  Duakli called, and in a moment the cap-
tain of the guards entered with the cham-
berlain.

  Abd-es-Selam, immediately upon enter-
ing, caught sight of the two slaves. His
footsteps faltered and his face grew pale.
But paler still when he saw the treasure
scattered about in such profusion. This
was the end except for a moment when he
should hear the whistle of the executioner’s
sword above his head. The end, unless
Allah should inexphcably will it otherwise.
With a bow which was scarcely obeisance, he
stood before the Sultan.

  “Abd-es-Selam,” said the monarch, “you
see your fate in the two slaves who stand
there. There have told their stories. Do
you wish to deny them?”

  Abd-es-Selam shook his head.

  “There is no use, Your Majesty.”

  “You are guilty, then, with Herr Lang-
mann, in the attempt upon our hfe?”

  “Guilty.”

  The word came through dry hps.

  “The penalty you know. And you, Saidi,
also.”

  Abd-es-Selam and the Vizier nodded as-
sent.

  “Still—” The Sultan paused a moment,
as though debating. “You yourself re-
quested that Allah be your judge. Is that
not true?”	.

  Abd-es-Selam nodded disinterestedly.

  “Therefore, and at the request of our
friend, Mohamed Ah, who discovered your
plot, and who saved our treasure from your
hands, Allah shall be your judge.”

  At these words the head of Abd-es-Selam
jerked upward and bewilderment, doubt,
suspicion. Each painted its imprint upon
his face. His glance searched the room.

  “He, Mohamed Ah, is not here,” said the
Sultan. “Nevertheless, it is as we said.”

  Abd-es-Selam looked incredulous now,
and a tired and cynical smile twitched his
hps. The Sultan clapped his hands thrice,
the dark curtains at one side of the room
were drawn back by unseen hands, and
there, standing side by side, were two
bandaged beggars, dressed in patched
djellabas, bowls in hand, so alike that each
seemed the reflection of the other.

  “The judgment of Allah awaits you,”
said the Sultan. “One of these beggars is
Mohamed Ali. One you must choose. If
Allah guides your choice, if the one whom
you select proves to be Mohamed Ah, and
you shall remove the bandage yourself, your
life is saved. Otherwise, you die at sunset.
Now choose.”

  For a moment only Abd-es-Selam hesi-
tated, looking at the Sultan. In his sov-
ereign’s face he saw nothing but severe
honesty. There was no trick here. Then
he looked again upon the beggars and smiled
grimly at the situation. Assuredly Mo-
hamed Ali, and not the Sultan, had con-
ceived this form of trial. It had in it all
the sardonic humor, in the face of death, for
which Mohamed Ali was known.

  He drew nearer and nearer to the twin
beggars, who looked at him out of two
unwinking eyes which were so mated they
seemed to belong in one head instead of two.

  He looked at the bandages, and they told
him nothing. At the hands which held the
begging bowl, and he knew not which was
Mohamed Ali’s and which was not. At the
matted beards and full hps and patched
djellabas, and realized that he might as well
choose with eyes closed. Assuredly here
was Mohamed Ali’s vengeance in full, a
greater vengeance than death itself.

  Then something within his head snapped.
He uttered a cry of “Allah akbar!” And
reaching with shackled hands, tore the ban-
dage from the head of the beggar nearest his
right hand.

  The white socket of a dead eye stared at
him.

  “Allah has judged,” boomed the deep
voice of the other beggar, and Mohamed
Ali wrenched the bandage from his own
head. “Allah has judged, as I had faith in
Him.”

  A great silence filled the room. Abd-es-
Selam slowly tore his gaze from the white
eye-socket, looked upon Mohamed Ali,
standing, bandage in hand, turned to face
the Sultan who had risen and now stood like
a figure of white justice.

  “A llah akbar!” Abd-es-Selam’s voice tore
its way through a throat tight with fear and
anger and horrible pain. “Allah-”

  In that signal invented by his father,
Mulai el-Hassan, Mulai Abd-el-Aziz shot
his underjaw forward. The captain of the
guards obeyed the death sign, and led his
prisoner from the Presence.
   Our Camp-Fire came into being May 5, 1912, with our June issue, and since then
its fire has never died down. Many have gathered about it and they are of all classes
and degrees, high and low, rich and poor, adventurers and stay-at-homes, and from all
parts of the earth. Some whose voices we used to know have talien the Long Trail
and are heard no more, but they are still memories among us, and new voices are
heard, and welcomed.

   We are drawn together by a common liking for the strong, clean things of out-of-
doors, for word from the earth’s far places, for man in action instead of caged by cir-
cumstance. The spirit of adventure lives in all men; the rest is chance.

   But something besides a common interest holds us together. Somehow a real com-
radeship has grown up among us. Men can not thus meet and talk together without
growing into friendlier relations; many a time does one of us come to the rest for facts
and guidance; many a close personal friendship has our Camp-Fire built up between
two men who had never met; often has it proved an open sesame between strangers
in a far laud.

    Perhaps our Camp-Fire is even a little more. Perhaps it is a bit of leaven working
gently among those of different station toward the fuller and more human understand-
ing and sympathy that will some day bring to man the real democracy and brotherhood
he seeks. Few indeed are the agencies that bring together on a friendly footing so many
and such great extremes as here. And we are numbered by the hundred thousand now.

    If you are come to our Camp-Fire for the first time and find you like the things we
like, join us and find yourself very welcome. There is no obligation except ordinary
manliness, no forms or ceremonies, no dues, no officers, no anything except men and
women gathered for interest and friendliness. Your desire to join makes you a member.

IF YOU want to know about
something that happened some-
where some time, ask Camp-
Fire. Particularly if it happened
in some out-of-the-way corner of the
world. Quite possibly one of our com-
rades happened to be there, or, as in this
case, several of them:

          U. S. S. Savannah, At Sea Enroute from
                    Balboa, C. Z. to San Diego.

  Will you allow me to say a few words to a comrade
of the Camp-Fire through these columns? The let-
ter appeared in the February 28, 1925, issue sent
from Empalme, Sonora, Mexico and signed A. B. C.
and from what I know of that country I don’t blame
him for not giving his name, but if he was-there in
July and August, 1913, I’ll bet I know his name. I
knew most every American then working in the S. P.
shops in Empalme.

  It may interest him to know that yesterday we
passed Cape San Lucas and at this minute we are
off Turtle Bay, not far from him.

V^HAT A. B. C. says in regard to the bi-
plane attempting to bomb the Guerrero is
true. How well I knowi I was not over 1000
yards, good torpedo range, from the Guerrero at the
line. The rebels who were up in the hills back of

Empalme were using field artillery to fire over the
shops and town, trying to do their part to sink the
gunboat. Needless to say their range was rather
bum, and it kept the ship I was in, the good old U. S.
South Dakota, busy to keep out of the way of their
shells. The captain of the Guerrero, who happened
to be a nervy Englishman, was one wise guy.
Every time we would shift anchorage, he would too,
to keep himself in between us and the shell fire of
the rebels. I saw the four flights the biplane made
and the forced landing he had to make on the tide
flats between Guaymas and Empalme, later on I got
ashore and took pictures of the plane and pilot,
which I now have.

  Perhaps A. B. C. will recall the time the
ball team from the S. D. played the workers
of the shops. September, I think this was.
The writer played shortstop. Can you remem-
ber me, also, the time you lined up alongside
the bar in the corner saloon on the waterfront
in Guaymas with a bunch of sailors from a boat
laying at the landing. Also the time of the
wholesale execution of 36 rebels lined up in front
of the Albin Hotel in Guaymas? Yes, I was
there for seven long months.

  I am sorry I can not tell him what became of the
pilot and mechanic of the plane. That was the last
time I heard of them.

  Hoping A. B. C. gets this letter either through the
mail or the columns of Camp-Fire, I remain—P. L.
Cowgill, C.M.M.

*75
Adventure

SELDOM do I bring to Camp-
Fire any praise of our magazine,
but here is one of our “Ask Ad-
venture” experts, a member of
our writers’ brigade and good comrade at
our Camp-Fire who has done something
that brings credit not only to himself but
to “Ask Adventure,” and here is another
man, also qualified on ah three of the above
counts, who, in the real Camp-Fire spirit, is
so pleased over the other comrade’s ac-
complishment that he takes time to tell us
all about it. Incidentally, it was our first
news of it, the man himself never letting out
a peep about it to us.

  I pass it on because it makes me very
proud of our “Ask Adventure” depart-
ment, through both Mr. Harriman and Mr.
Spears and through its other experts ani-
mated by the same spirit. And because in
various ways it illustrates our Camp-Fire
spirit and feeling—which the world needs
very badly these days.

  The enclosure was two full pages from
the Los Angeles Sunday Times, naming E.
E. Harriman as winner of its thousand dol-
lar prize for the best “friendly letter” in its
“Friendship Contest,” a contest whose pur-
pose was to make friends for Cahfornia.
Over 115,000 letters were written.

 Here is the letter from Raymond S.
Spears:

Inglewood, California.

  My Dear Hoffman : Cast your eyes upon the en-
closed clipping depicting Big Jim Harriman as the
Friendliest Letter Writer in California.

  I’ve preached you these many years you could
not quite know the good “Ask Adventure” is doing
(See me pat my own back) and here the big fellow
comes rambling down the line to show what writing
“Ask Adventure” letters with kindly spirit and sin-
cere desire has done for one of your “Ask Adven-
ture company.

  Probably none of us quite so thoroughly realize
the responsibility that lies in each letter answered
as Big Jim. I doubt not at all that he has written
even more thoroughly from the heart—not knowing
he was doing so well, of course—to some boy or man,
some family who came through Adventure to his
desk, seeking to know.

  This proves, I think, many things. Harriman
did his letters every one the best he knew. Drudg-
ery? Pot-boiling? Odd Jobbing in Literature?
Ephemeral and so-many cents the letter? Well, he
put the same effort into the letter as into his best
of stories. He plodded along, never knowing what
he was doing to himself, thinking only of those
people out yonder who were putting into his hands
part of all their future.

  Even as life rewards the doers of the least things
well (and who knows what is great?) Harriman lets
go the accumulated inspirations and ideas, data
of the years’ gathering, and look what he got!

Imagine what it means—“The Friendliest Letter
Writer of California!” Takes something to top a
grade of more than 100,000 letters. And they
didn’t know him. Here for years he has been
plodding along, unadvertised, plugging, patient
and sincere. And what he has given the hundreds
of “Ask Adventure” inquirers proves to be the real
thing; Adventure gives the best California has to offer.
What do you think of that? Yours—Spears.

THE following was originally the
first chapter of George E. Holt’s
complete novelette in this issue,
but his suggestion that it be used
instead at “Camp-Fire” seemed a good one,
since it is occupied altogether with what
might be called facts antecedent to the story
itself. So here it is:

Ensenada, B. C., Mexico.

  In beginning this story I should much like to set
aside, for a little space, restrictions as to probabil-
ities, and boldly set down what I feel to be the truth
in the matter. But as this course would demand
the reincarnation of two once-prominent men after
they had died rather thoroughly some four or five
thousand years ago, prudence counsels that my
opinions be kept to myself. This, however, does
not preclude me, I think, from setting forth certain
facts, nor you from drawing your own conclusions
therefrom.

     OW, certain of these facts are very, very old,
and as the memory of them has been preserved
through forty or fifty centuries by the minds and
tongues of man, they must also be very, very true.
And it is with these venerable and truthful matters
that this twentieth-century story really begins.

  In any volume of mythology-—which, of course, is
only a modern record of the oldest half-remembered
events of importance in the world’s youth—you will
assuredly find some pages devoted to the exploits
of a certain man, and, most probably, a wood-cut
showing an astonishingly muscled gentleman lean-
ing gracefully upon a war-club of imposing propor-
tions. That will be Hercules, and the book will tell
you that he “was son of Alcmena, wife of Amphyt-
ryon.” His father, the book will also go on to tell
you, regarless of the fair name of the inconstant
Alcmena, was not Mr. Amphytryon, however, but
Jupiter himself, king of all the gods. The city of
Thebes was his birthplace, and between his birth and
his death, in the flaming shirt of Nessus, Hercules no
doubt packed more adventure than any other char-
acter known to man. Wherefore he became almost
a god.

T\^ITH most of these adventures we have no
concern; but one or two of them have a bear-
ing upon our story. Hercules reached manhood and
became the father of three children. But one day
Juno, spouse of Jupiter and consequently jealous of
the illegitimate offspring of the King of the Gods,
made Hercules insane, and in his fit of madness he
threw his children into the fire and so destroyed them.
Regaining his senses then, Hercules journeyed to
Delphi to consult the famous oracle concerning
atonement for his crime. The oracle ordained that
The Camp-Fire

177

he should go to a place called Tiryno, in the Pele-
ponnesus, and there serve King Eurystheus for a
space of twelve years, accomplishing therein twelve
tasks which the king should impose upon him.
Obeying the oracle, Hercules became the servant of
King Eurystheus, and his twelve tasks became
famous enough to rank, among students of the
present day, with the Seven Wise Men, the Ten
Commandments and the Fourteen Points. And
two of them quite directly, through a course of
four or five thousand years, made possible, or in-
evitable, certain other matters.

T N PERFORMING his tenth task—that of bring-
ing from the Isle of Erythea the purple oxen of
Geryon, Hercules, according to the record, “was
come to the extremities of Europe and Africa, and
here he set up two pillars, one on each side of the
strait.” We call one pillar Gibraltar (which the
Moors named Djibel Tarik) and that other peak on
the Moroccan coast, Djibel Musa, or Hill of Moses.

  Back to this same region did Hercules’ eleventh
task take him. He was to fetch to Eurystheus “the
apples of Hesperides, which grew in the country of
the Hyperboreans. There they were guarded by an
enormous serpent and by the Hesperides (Western
Maids), who were the daughters of Atlas. There
apples were of gold, and they had been given by
Earth to Juno on her wedding day.”

  Now, the book will not tell you, what is also
true, that this “country of the Hyperboreans” was
Morocco, wherein the Mountains of Atlas uphold
the heavens; nor that the native name of Morocco is
Moghreb-al-Acksa, which means “Land of the
West,” and that thus the Hesperides, or “Western
Maids,” came by their name; nor that the “golden
apples” still grow in profusion in the orange groves
round about El Arache—sixty miles down the west
Moroccan coast, where the “great serpent” or, as it
is sometimes written, “foaming-mouthed dragon,”
still guards them (or did when I followed in the
tracks of Hercules). This same serpent is the Kus
River, which, after snaking its way through great
stretches of flat country, visible from the hills like a
gigantic silver-scaled Thing, froths viciously at the
bar which the sea has thrown in its teeth.

tJ AVING reached the land wherein the golden
apples grew, many obstacles rose in the road
of our adventurer. He found—and this fact con-
cerns us intimately—he found, according to the
book, that the land was governed by a king named
Antaeus, son of Neptune and Earth. Being chal-
lenged by Antaeus to a wrestling match, Hercules
threw him several times, but each time Antaeus rose
with a vigor renewed through contact with his
mother, Earth. Discovering this, Hercules held
him in his arms and squeezed him to death.

  But again the book omits facts of interest. The
city in which King Antaeus reigned is that we now
know as Tangier, and Hercules so named it—Tan-
jerah, to be exact—after he became successor to
Antaeus. And, although the book is silent on this
point also, Hercules left descendants among the
people of Antaeus; they live today, among those
purple brown hills east of Tangier, in a territory
which is called by them Anjerah—the “T” having f
been dropped—and they call themselves sons of
Hercules. Mohamed Ali, who became known as
“The Eagle of the Anjerahs,” was and is the great-
est of them. I, who lived among them for a while

and by a quip of fate became one of their lesser
chiefs, know them for a brave people, a bold people,
an independent people, as becomes the descendants
of such a one as Hercules.

  Thus, I think, the line is drawn clear connecting
the Master Adventurer of earth’s childhood and
Mohamed Ali, Anjerah chieftain—and, as you may
know, politician, governor and outlaw.

JN THE same manner—but it is unnecessary!—
could I show how through fifty centuries the line
ran from King Eurystheus to a modern monarch,
Abd-el-Aziz, Sultan of Morocco at the time of which
I write. For Hercules secured the golden apples
and carried them to Eurystheus, and they fell into
the hands of one of the king’s sons, who, seeking
more of them, fell in love with one of the Western
Maids, and thus left blood which came down
through the centuries to the veins of the Moorish
Sultan.

  Here I must stop, lest I reach my prohibited con-
clusion. Still I think it a strange coincidence in-
deed that five thousand years ago Hercules per-
formed twelve tasks for King Eurystheus, and that,
in our own day, a lineal descendant of his should be
called upon for another—the thirteenth?—task by a
king descended from Eurystheus.

  But such a thing happened—and the manner of it
you shall see.—George E. Holt.

SOMETHING from L. Paul con-

r_/3»r cerning his story in the last issue.
plgpllH I’m glad Corporal Hawkins got
I	his chance in fiction and here’s

hoping he got it in real hfe and fared
equally well. There are many of him, if
only we look about a bit.

  The central figure of Corporal Hawkins is from
hfe. I met him while taking the Guards Infantry
course at Chelsea Barracks, London—a smartening
up affair where they drilled us a hundred and eighty
paces to the minute. He was a man with the heart
of a pioneer, though, so far as I am aware, his life had
been passed in England until the war. When we
Colonials would tell our little yarns of our respective
homelands he would listen wide-eyed and you could
tell he was longing to be in Canada or Australia as
the case might be, longing till it hurt.

CO I have taken such a man and mixed him up
with an old trapper in Northern Canada, and I
hope the story suits. I have tried as much as pos-
sible to keep away from the hair-raising events so
often grafted on these stories. I feel that where two
men are cooped up together for a winter there is
enough humor—yes, and sometimes enough trag-
edy—found in minutiae without going outside of fact
into fiction. Of course the moose incident is not
included in this category.

  With regard to the stunt of putting cocoa into a
cake after the careless constructor has dropped pipe
ashes therein, it too is from hfe, some such base
slander being chalked against me when four of us
batched it in Ottawa one winter.

  For the rest I have tried to stick to fact and true
description. I hope I have succeeded.—L. Paul.
i78

Adventure

AS A Christmas greeting the
Northern Railway issued a very
effectively ihustrated little book-
let entitled “The Oriental and
Captain Palmer.” Comrade Chet. G.
Wood ran across it and was good enough to
send me a copy. I liked it so well that I
wrote at once for two copies, one to send to
Bill Adams because I knew he’d hke it, and
one to be printed in “Camp-Fire.” Our
thanks are due the Great Northern for their
courtesy.

  Acknowledgement in the brochure is
made to Mrs. Richard Fanning Loper, of
Stonington, Conn., Captain Palmer’s niece,
and to Major-General A. W. Greely, Edwin
S. Balch, William Brown Meloney, Arthur
Hamilton Clark and John R. Spears as
sources of the information in the booklet.

"POR centuries the rich trade goods of India—
gold, ivory and rubies, spices, perfumes, ilks,
light as gossamer, linen and finespun cotton cloths,
the wools of Cashmere—have been sought by the
eager markets of the world. Long caravans of
camels plodded across the plains and deserts and
through the mountain passes of Asia Minor to the
peoples of the Mediterranean. And we see three
mounted wise men carrying the rich tribute of the
Orient to a manager in Bethlehem. As the cities
©f southern Europe grew, the trade with the East
waxed larger and larger. It was carried on by ship
and caravan through the Gulf of Persia, thence over-
land by Bagdad, Damascus and Constantinople.

   While Christopher Columbus was a little boy in
Genoa, something happened that led to revolution-
ary changes in the world, although at the time (1453)
it seemed a great disaster. This was the closing by
the Turks of these immemorial highways of com-
merce across Asia Minor. The mariners of Italy,
Portugal, and Spain were called upon to find other
routes to India. They followed around the east
coast of Africa but their ships were very small, the
sea was unexplored, and reputed to be filled with
“horrid monsters” and strange lands where evil
spirits lurked; so it was long before they touched the
Cape of Good Hope (1487) and ten years later when
they reached India by that route.

   Columbus, having little idea of the earth’s size,
but knowing it was round, reasoned that by sailing
directly west he would find a shorter and perhaps a
more favorable course; he died without learning
that he had discovered a continent which blocked
the way. For the next three hundred years the
dream of navigators was to find a passage north of
America through the Arctic Sea to the Orient.

AS THE outlines of the continents took form on
the marine maps of the world, it was seen that,
to go from the Atlantic to the Pacific, ships must
round Cape Horn or the Cape of Good Hope. The
length of the journey and the growth of commerce in
the new world as well as the old led to the building
of larger and faster vessels. The Santa Maria,
largest of Columbus’s three ships, was of about 100
tons and some 65 feet long. From that time until

the Revolutionary War the size and standard of
ships was not much improved; following the war,
the abundance of timber superior for shipbuilding,
and the opportunities afforded by virtue of their
new born independence combined to encourage the
native genius of American shipbuilders. They
bought out models with new lines, and fitted them
with more and better sails.

QUR maritime prowess won for us the war of
1812 and that victory in turn gave further
stimulus to advancing skill in naval architecture.
From these influences came the clipper ships—so
named because they “clipped it down the wind,”
fast, like a bird in flight. The first true clippers
were the Hoitqua and the Rainbow, launched in New
York Harbor in 1844 and 1845. Hundreds of
American ships following their lines were built to
meet the demand for their unrivaled service.

  Improvements followed and in 1849, in New
York, a clipper ship was built which embodied the
perfection of her type. She was christened Oriental
and was built to bear the precious trade of Asia, the
oldest traffic known to commerce. Her first voy-
ages were between New York and Hongkong, but in
1849 the East India trade with Great Britain was
opened to the ships of other nations; and as this
trade was the most desirable, it went to the finest
and fleetest ships. So in December, 1850, the
Oriental brought to London the first cargo ever
carried there from China in an American ship.
Perhaps she had in her hold many gifts for the ap-
proaching Christmas season. The Oriental already
had made New York from Hongkong in 81 days and
returned to Hongkong in like time. Now, she made
London from Hongkong in 97 days, notwithstand-
ing adverse weather. Her arrival was a sensation.
Crowds thronged to the docks to see the long slender
hull of this earliest of ocean grayhounds, her lofty
masts that towered like spires above the dwarfed
shipping of the yard, the wealth of furled white
canvas that had carried her down the winds with
such unheard of speed. To the editorial writers of
the day she was a wonder, a menace, and a chal-
lenge. “We must run a race with our gigantic and
unshackled rival. A fell necessity constrains us
and we must not be beat.” (London Times.) The
London Illustrated News published a picture of the
Oriental and an article part of which reads as fol-
lows: “Although many British ships have arrived
at New York and Boston from China, since the
alteration in the navigation laws, the first American
ship (the Oriental) arrived in the West India docks
on the 3rd instant, and has made the fastest voyage
on record from China, by a sailing vessel. We
should add that the Oriental brings about 1600 tons
of tea at £6 per ton whilst all the ships loading at
Whampoa (Canton’s seaport) at the same time
only got £3 10s. Correspondents availed them-
selves of the opportunity even at such a high rate of
freight, the Oriental being known for her fast sailing
qualities, which she fully verified.” She was of
average size, although the later tendency was to
build larger vessels. Her length was 185 feet,
breadth 36 feet, and depth 21 feet. William Brown
Meloney in “The Heritage of Tyre” says, “She was
the first out and out clipper London ever saw.
The British admiralty copied her lines while she lay
in dry dock. Afterward the lines of other Yankee
flyers were taken off similarly, but the Oriental was
the first inspiration of British builders.”
The Camp-Fire

179

QHE not only received formal acclaim from the

  generous and sportsmanlike English but was
welcomed also by a group of Americans with the
most precious of all greetings, that of genuine af-
fection. Heading this group was her own designer,
the celebrated Captain Nathaniel Brown Palmer,
leader in the American shipping world.

  Captain Palmer was born in Stonington, Con-
necticut, in 1799. It is needless to speculate upon
the relative importance of inheritance and environ-
ment in molding his character for he enjoyed the
greatest favor in both. His boyhood was spent
playing about his father’s shipyard and listening
to tales of sailors whose very presence for repairs to
battered hulls proved the adventure of the trips
they made. Ship models were his only toys; the
ambitions and dreams of seafaring men took the
place of the usual fairy-tales. Withal, the atmos-
phere of home was one of culture, for his parents
came from the best New England stock and his
father was established in a shipyard of highest repu-
tation. To distinguish him from his father, for
whom he was named, he was called “Nat” in his boy-
hood, a name which clung to him throughout his
career. While Nat was growing up, the young re-
public was developing and expanding on sea as well
as on land. Young Nat could hardly wait to an-
swer the call of the sea, which promised so much of
adventure, fame, and fortune. He did not long re-
sist it, for at fifteen years of age we find him on a
blockade runner dodging the British navy in the
fogs of Long Island and New England. At the close
of the war he continued in the coastwise trade.
The experience thus gained in all conditions of
weather with no landmarks to guide him, and his
proved seamanship, won him a place in 1819 as
mate of a picked crew for a sealing expedition to the
South Shetland Islands; His resourcefulness and
sound judgment, together with downright hard
work, were rewarded in 1820 by his being made cap-
tain of the Hero, a fifty-foot sloop used as a cruiser
with a sealing fleet in the Antarctic.

■y^/HILE thus engaged in 1821 the intrepidity of
Captain Nat took him beyond the limits of
charted waters, among gale-driven ice floes and
treacherous shoals and led to his discovery of part of
the Antarctic continent. The nonchalance with
which unusual feats constantly were performed by
crews of these small sailing ships characterized Cap-
tain Palmer’s conduct, when, to the surprise of the
famous Russian explorer, Bellingshausen, the Hero
was encountered along these shores. Captain Nat
extended the hospitality of the region to the Russian
and offered to show him about. Commander Bel-
lingshausen was most generous with the young
American, although he declared himself abashed at
having spent two years searching for the continent
only to find that a boy in a sloop but httle larger
than the launch of the Russian frigate had not only
beaten him to the place but was able to guide him
safely among the islands. He thereupon gave to
this shore the name “Palmer Land,” which it bears
to this day.

  The power of Captain Palmer’s presence is
forcefully shown in a critical experience on the
island of Juan Fernandez in 1830. As he went
ashore for fresh provisions he was ambushed by
some of the Chilean convicts who had overpowered
the prison guard and taken possession of the island.
They decided to seize his ship, the Annawan, and

proposed first to kill him. As they were blind-fold-
ing him for execution he persuaded them to spare
him so that he might convey them to the Chilean
mainland. Once aboard ship with this cut-throat
mob he asserted his dominance and held them at
bay during ten days of extended calm which pre-
vented an earlier landing.

  Captain Nat was now 31 years old and in the full
flower of manhood. His reputation for daring sea-
manship and diplomacy won him command of an
Atlantic packet. He shortly demonstrated his out-
standing qualities and until 1840 was Commodore of
the Dramatic Line fleet plying between New York
and Liverpool. Now, in the ripeness of his experi-
ence, he came into his own; as designer of these fine
packets, he gained a high reputation. It was his
practise to make the initial journey on each of the
ships when it was launched and thus he put into
service the Garrick, Sheridan, Siddons and Roscius.
In October, 1840, he sailed the Siddons between
Liverpool and New York in fifteen days, the shortest
known westbound record for sailing vessels between
those ports.

JDUT merchant-sailing vessels had not been per-
fected. The need of larger and faster ships
led to the development of the clippers which differed
from former models in that they were longer in pro-
portion to their breadth and carried greater spread
of canvas. The opening of four Chinese ports in
1843 spurred the building. Captain Nat’s answer
to the call was the launching of the Houqua in 1844,
earliest of all the clipper ships. The perfection of
the clipper type was attained in the Oriental; then
followed other notable examples of Captain Palmer’s
skill, the N. B. Palmer, Samuel Russel, Golden State,
David Brown and Contest. As the combination of
capacity with speed resulted in most efficient trans-
portation and as the possibilities of speed seemed to
have been well nigh exhausted, Captain Palmer
dreamed of larger ships. His dream was realized
in the rebuilding of the Great Republic, 335 feet long
with capacity of six thousand tons, the largest sail-
ing vessel ever built of wood. This ship, originally
built by Donald McKay in 1853, burned in New
York Harbor without making a voyage. She was
purchased and rebuilt by Captain Palmer, but
commerce was not ready for so large a ship and she
was sold to the French Government for a transport
in the Crimean War. This ended the most active
period in Captain Palmer’s life. Slowly but surely
the steamship was replacing the sailing vessel.

  Captain Palmer in his later years designed and
sailed many of New York’s most beautiful yachts.
His interest in shipping was kept alive in his associ-
ation with the New York Yacht Club of which he
was one of the founders.

  He died in 1877—one of America’s great men of
action. The list is long and its names are the mile-
posts of our progress. They are men whose imagi-
nation encompasses the present and foresees the
future need and whose vigor of mind creates the
means to fill that need.

  James J. Hill was such a man. Nathaniel Brown
Palmer devised the fastest ships to go around the
continent and James J. Hill built the shortest route
across it. But back of Captain Palmer’s ships and
Mr. Hill’s locomotives was the unerring intuition
that pointed to rapid and effectual transportation as
the very keystone in the great modern arch of
human advancement.
i8o

Adventure

mM

       FROM Ralph R. Perry a few
words concerning the actual facts
back of his story in this issue. It
always adds to our interest in a
story, I think, to have a ghmpse of the
real materials from which it is made. I
wish our writers gave it oftener but there’s
a fear among them that they may seem to
talk too often at Camp-Fire. Yes, but how
about the rest of us? Why not give us a
chance to decide about that?

Hempstead, New York.

  It was a real ship, the British steamer Nigaristan,
that made the voyage related in “Five Pounds Per
Ton Bonus.” The American public was clamoring
for dates, and this tremendous bonus was actually
paid after the ship’s arrival in the Bush Terminal
about the 17th of last October. To earn it she had
to steam from Basra at a knot and a half average
over her standard speed, and there was another com-
pany moving heaven and earth to get the charter.

  The events in the engineroom are of course fic-
titious, though I am indebted to a Mr. Symthe,
third officer of the Nigaristan, for telling me what a
disloyal engineer would actually do under the con-
ditions outlined.—Ralph R. Perry.

YOU may remember my having
presented to Camp-Fire a modern
bowyer and fletcher, because of
the novelty and picturesqueness
of such a trade in these ultra modern days
which are the modemest we’ve had up to
date. To avoid any seeming favoritism in
thus giving free advertisement, I offered
to do as much for any other bowyers and
fletchers who might be among us. Two
more have already apphed and been men-
tioned and here comes a third—H. H.
McChesney, 2414 Portland Avenue, Min-
neapolis, Minn.

  But of the four Mr. Stemmier is the only
one to blazen forth those arresting words
“Bowyer and Fletcher.” All of them,
however, make bows and arrows and pre-
sent pictures of bears, deer, etc. brought
down by same.

TT’S just as well to note these names
carefully. If the fanatics and their
various calculating allies with irons of their
own in the fire succeed in their present anti-
weapon campaign, bows and arrows, canes
and such will be the only means of self-
defense left to us free-born and liberty lov-
ing Americans, with all the modern weapons
in possession of other nations and of the
crooks and thugs in our midst. Of course
they’d soon legislate bows and arrows and
canes and such away from us and proba-

bly, if they follow a logical course, our
right and left hands as well, but we’d
enjoy having ah these things as long as we
were permitted.

  One reason I’m against the anti-weapon
people is that they’re not consistent or logi-
cal or thorough. Their fundamental prin-
cipal is that the proper way to prevent
crime is to legislate against the weapons
or tools of crime. Weh, that principle is
either sound or not sound. If not sound,
it’s no good. If sound, it certainly merits
full, logical development and application.
Why legislate at firearms only? Why make
petty laws against only one kind of weapon
used for hold-ups and killings?

HpO STOP there is shp-shod, amateurish,
careless, illogical and reprehensible
generally. Knives of ah kinds, from butch-
er to pen, must go. All clubs of all kinds,
including table and chair legs and all other
detachable parts of furniture or anything
else. Ah trees of course must be legislated
out of existence—forbidden, destroyed.
A11 stones and bricks should be collected
from the surface of the United States, from
all walls not in A-i condition and from at
least six feet below the surface of the ground
and then placed in the custody of the police
for safe keeping or to be reduced and de-
stroyed by said police.

  Murderous tools like axes, hatchets, picks,
shovels, hoes, rakes, chisels, screw-drivers,
scissors, table forks, large nails, etc., must
of course be legislated beyond the use or
possession of good citizens, though cer-
tain highly certificated workmen could
be granted special police permits to
use said tools on payment of generous
fees and upon bonded agreement to de-
posit said tools each night in custody
of said pohce, paying more fees for
privilege of doing same.

  The use of metal for any purpose what-
ever should be similarly safe-guarded by
pohce supervision and control. Why legis-
late against weapons and leave free to ah
the material from which to make weapons?

T> UT even ah these legislative precautions
can not be sufficient to carry to its
logical development and full application
the principle of preventing crime by legislat-
ing against the weapons and tools of crime.
Of what avail to legislate against the weap-
ons and tools, or even against the materials
The Camp-Fire	181

from which they can be easily made, if we fail
to legislate against the bands that wield the
tools? Where, pray, can you draw a logical
line for stopping legislation short of includ-
ing the hands as well as what they handle?

  Nor will it be enough to cut off and de-
posit with the police, on payment of fee
for same, the right hands of right-handed
people and the left hands of left-handed
people. Both hands must be removed
and deposited where they can no longer
endanger the public safety.

  The foot having often proved a lethal weap-
on, all feet of all Americans must be removed
not later than the twelfth birthday in the
case of males, sixteenth in case of females.

T> UT even then the principle would not be
fully developed or applied with the
logical thoroughness that alone can attain
really practical results. There remain the
brains that inspire and move the hands that
fashion the material into weapons and
wield said weapons to the furtherance of
crime and the endangerment of public
safety and security. Unrestricted and un-
removed by proper legislative action, the
human brain remains a danger and a menace
in our midst. So long as it so remains, our
preliminary legislation against weapons,
materials, hands and feet gets us really
nowhere—merely compels a change in the
ways and means of taking hfe and leaves
still at large and unrestrained the very source
and inspiration of ah crimes of violence.

  Nor is the brain left without its weapons.
How easy, despite the lack of hands and feet,
to roll into a footless victim standing on the
edge of a precipice or house-top or at the edge
of traffic and bump him to his death!

*	I 'HERE must be no half-way measures.

     The human brain must be legislated
into harmlessness. No American must be
ahowed to have a brain without having
first obtained from the pohce a permit to
possess same, on payment of a fee preferably
large enough to discourage indiscriminate
having of brains and to limit, in effect
but unobtrusively, the privilege of having
brains to only the richer part of our popula-
tion. In addition to a permit to possess a
brain, the present New York law might well
be emulated and a second permit required,
with payment of a second fee to the pohce,
for the privilege of carrying said brain when
entitled to possession of same, with a third

permit, this time from the Fire Department,
on payment of a third fee, permitting you
not only to possess and carry but to shoot
off said brain within the city limits.

'VT OR has public safety even yet been
assured by legislation. Knowing the
corruptness of our officialdom, we can not
blink the fact that brain-permits might
in some cases be issued to wrong parties
provided the fee were duly paid. The real
essence of the fundamental principle of
preventing crime by legislation against the
means of committing crime is removal of
said means. Removal means removal.
In this campaign for safety against the
means of crime there can be no logical
stopping-place short of removal of ah
brains. The only practical method where
so great a population is involved is to re-
move the head at the neck. The only
logical, final and safe conclusion of the anti-
weapon campaign, therefore, is the guillo-
tine for all Americans with brains of any
kind. By it most Americans will be re-
moved and the land of the free be left en-
tirely in possession of the anti-weaponers.
None of the beheaded, since they have
brains, will object to being beheaded in-
stead of being left to hve in a country popu-
lated by anti-weaponers with the legislative
complex. Everybody will be happy and
safe, it’s a fine plan logically developed
from a noble and highly practical principle
and I’m for it. What I object to in the
anti-weapon campaign is that it stops
short of this entirely logical conclusion
and is therefore unscientific, careless, in-
efficient and half-baked. The principle
it’s founded on is fine.—A. S. H.

OUR Camp-Fire Stations are spreading
steadily over the map. Help make
them grow._ Any qualified person can start
a Station.

A STATION may be in any shop, home or
other reputable place. The only require-
ments are that a Station shall display the
regular Station sign, provide a box or drawer
for mail to be called for and preserve the
register book.

   No responsibility for mail is assumed by anybody; the
Station merely uses ordinary care. Entries in register to be
confined to name or serial number, route, destination,
permanent address and such other brief notes or remarks as
desired; each Station can impose its own limit on space to
be used. Registers become permanent property of Station;
signs remain property of this magazine, so that if there is
due cause of complaint from members a Station can be
discontinued by withdrawing sign.

   A Station bulletin-board is strongly to be recommended
as almost necessary. On it travelers can leave tips as to
conditions of trails, etc., resident members can post their
Adventure

names and addresses, such hospitality as they care to offer,
calls for any travelers who are familiar with countries these
residents once knew, calls for particular men if they happen
that way, etc., notices or tips about local facilities and con-
ditions. Letters to resident members can be posted on this
bulletin board

Any one who wishes is a member of Camp-Fire and
therefore entitled to the above Station privileges subject to
the Keeper's discretion. Those offering hospitality of any
kind do so on their own responsibility and at their own risk
and can therefore make any discriminations they see fit.
Traveling members will naturally be expected to remember
that they are merely guests and act accordingly.

Keepers answer letters only if they wish. Forjocal
information write “Ask Adventure.”

      A Station may offer only the required register and mail
facilities or enlarge its scope to any degree it pleases. Its
possibilities as headquarters for a local club of resident
Camp-Fire members are excellent.

      The only connection between a Station and this magazine
is that stated above, and a Keeper is in no other way re-
sponsible to this magazine nor representative of it.

Arizona—200—Clifton. C. Hooker.

     209—Quartzite.	Buck Conner, Box 4.

     285—Yuma.	W. P. Kline, 4th Ave. & 8th St.
Arkansas—161—Hot Springs. Tom Manning, Jr., 32a

     Morrison Ave.

California—28—Lost Hills. Mr. and Mrs. M. A. Monson,
     Cottage Inn.

     60—San Bernardino. Charles A. Rouse, Hotel St.
     Augustine.

     73—Galt.	E. M. Cook, Box 256.

     74—Eagle	Rock. John R. Finney, 109 Eddy Ave.

     89—Chico. K. W. Mason, 1428 Park Ave.

     108—Helendale. G. R. Wells, P. O. Box 17.

     113—Vallejo.	Edith G. Engesser, Golden Triangle
     Rabbitry, Highway Homes.

     114—Mill	Valley. L. F. Guedet, Restawhyle Knoll.

     115—Los	Gatos. G. H. Johnson.

     116—Sebastopol.	Mrs. Lucy E. Hicks, 420 S. Main St.

     126—Covelo. Whit H. Ham, Box 388.

     141—Santa Cruz. A. W. Wyatt, Capitola Road and
     Jose Ave.

    149—San Francisco. A. H. Hutchinson, Veteran
    Press, 1264 Valencia St.
    r86—Santa Ysabel. William Strover, Santa Ysabel Inn.

     210—Berkeley.	Dr.Louis C. Mullikin,305AchesonBldg.

     211—Pomona.	Fred G. Sunley, 480 E. Alverado St.

     212—Del	Monte. Alex H. Sokoloff, 3rd Signal Co.
     R. O. T. C.

     231—San Francisco. Earl V. Swift, 24-a Brady St.

     251—Williams.	Joe Lanouette, Opera Pool Hall.

     252—Fresno.	Mrs. Harriet Church, Echo Gardens,
     712 Echo Ave.

     257—San	Francisco. K. F. Richards, 1807 Post St.

     266—Santa	Barbara. E. Chester Roberts, 714 State St.

    273—Los Angeles. Henry M. Harrod, 6615 So.

     Main St.

     286—Sacramento.	Carl W. La Force, 2329 Eye St.

     287—Stockton.	Ivan J. Dill, 520 E. Washington St.

     298—La Mesa. Alan Wanbough, 343 Spring Street.

Colorado—105—Grand Junction, Bart Lynch, 236 Main St,

     267—Sugar	Loaf. Frank Earnest.

     279—Denver. DeForrest Hall, 2531 Bryant St. E.
Connecticut—142—Meriden. Homer H. Brown, 1 Colony
Place.

Delaware—232—Delmar. J. A. Aniba, Stone House Hotel.

D.	C.—167—Washington. Walter A. Sheil, 503 Sixth St.
     N. E.

Florida—87—Miami. A. C. Smith, 49 N. E. First St.

    117—Miami.	Miami Canoe Club, 115 S. W. South
    River Drive.

     128—Titusville. Max von Koppelow, Box 1014.

     138—St. Petersburg. Miss Maude V. Hughson, 2402
     First Ave. So.
     l39~7St. Petersburg. Capt. Lee Whetstone, Hotel
     Poinsettia.

     143—St. Petersburg. J. G. Barnhill, 10 Third St. N.

     158—Crescent City. E. N. Clark, care Call.

     188—Johnson.	Clifford Martin.

     258—Jacksonville.	T. J. Eppes, The Hobby Shop.

     262—Wildwood. E. M. Dilly, L. B. 114.

     285—Tampa. R. Stuart Murray, Mezzanine Floor,
     Hillsboro Hotel.

     288—Orlando.	O. D. Young, 112 Court St.

Georgria—98—Hinesville. R. N. Martin, The Liberty

     County Herald.

     289—Monticello.	O. E. Wells. ^

Idaho—no—Pocatello. C. W. Craig, 223 S. Second Ave.
Illinois—66—Mt. Carmel. W. C. Carter, 1122 Chestnut St.
67—Plainfield. J. P. Glass, The Linshield Co.

     189—Chicago.	Herman A. Schell. 8708 Vincennes Ave.

     213—Chicago.	Pietro Ferraro, 1007 S. Peoria St.

     237—Chicago. Wm. Churchill, 6541 S. State St.

     253—Chicago.	G. C. Huebner, 2608 Magnolia Ave.

     290—Gibson City. J. D. Ashley, 117 Sangamon Ave.
Indiana—18—Connersville. Norba Wm. Guerin, 112 East
Eighteenth St.

     90—Linton. Herschell Isom, 73 Tenth St., N. E.
     180—Warsaw. Homer Lewis.

     287—Vincennes. John C. Maloney, 1004 N. Seventh St.
Iowa—238—Atlantic. George Woodbury, 5 E. Third St.
Kansas—228—Leavenworth. Ben H. Lukenbill, 315

     Shawnee St.

Kentu cky—144—Corbin. Keith M auney.

     190—Louisville. H. S. Summers, 421 W. Jefferson St.
Louisiana—140—New Orleans. J. D. Montgomery, Navy
Recruiting Office.

     228—St.	Rose. C. M. Elfer.

Maine—19—Bangor. Dr. G. E. Hathome, 70 Main St.
     59—Augusta. Robie M. Liscomb, 73 XA Bridge St.
     hi—Lewiston. Howard N. Lary, 714 Main Street,

     243—Winthrop.	O. A. Abbot.

Maryland—55—Baltimore. Henry W. L. Fricke, 1200

      E.	Madison St., at Asquith.

      82—Baltimore. Joseph Patti, Jr., 4014 E. Lombard St.
151—Williamsport. L. J. Schaefer, Frederick St.
Massachusetts—56—Watertown Arsenal. E. Worth Ben-
son, Station Hospital.

     274—Everett.	Aubrey S. McLellan, 4 Marion Place.
Michigan—69—Grand Rapids. Dr. A. B. Muir, 1121

     Turner Ave., N. W.

     79—Lansing. Geo H. Allen, Lansing Industrial Newst
     109^2 N Washington Ave.

     106—Gaylord. Sidney M. Cook.

     131—North Muskegon. James Fort Forsyth, Forsyth
     Publisher’s Service, Phone 5891.

      137—Flint. O'Leary & Livingston, 309 So. Saginaw St.

     192—Pickford.	Dr. J. A. Cameron, The Grand Theater.
     227—Adrian. S. N. Cook, 221 Clinton St.

Minnesota—112—St. Paul. St. Paul Daily News, 92 E.
     Fourth St.

     145—St.	Cloud. F. T. Tracy, 426 Eighth Ave. N.

     299—Minneapolis. Russell Hearne, 411 First Ave. N.

Mississippi—88—Tunica. C. S. Swann, Tunica Plumbing
     & Electric Shop.

     99—Picayune. D. E. Jonson.

     268—Pascagoula.	C. E. Walter, 230 Orange St.
Missouri—5*—St. Louis. W. R. Hoyt, 7921 Van Buren

      St., phone Riverside 250.

      94—St. Louis. C. Carter Lee. M. D., 3819 Olive St.

     127—Salem. Emmet C. Higgins, 100 N. Tenth St.

     289—Nevada.	T. S. Hope, 705 N. Clay St.

Montana—240—Fort Missoula. Company C, 4th Infantry.

     254—Hamilton.	Mrs. Lucy Hyde, 64 N. Second St.

     288—Anaconda. R. T. Newman.

Nebraska—95—Omaha. L. W. Stewart, 119 No. 16th St.

     214—Tecumseh.	Dr. C. F. Roh.

New Mexico—96—Silver City. Edward S. Jackson, Box
     435

     203—Elephant Butte via Engle. Henry Stein.

     229—Santa	F6. N. Howard Thorp, 103 Palace Ave.

     290—Sante	F6. Ralph E. Pierson.

New Jersey—01—Tenafly. Ed Stiles, P. O. Box 254.

      146—Paterson.	Charles S. Gall, 378 Dakota St.

     164—Chatham.	Roy S. Tinney.

     244—East	Orange. Alfred C. Swenson, 77 Lawton St.

     245—Corbin	City. Lee Roberts.

     260—Camden. Benj. P.Thomas. 2791 Constitution Rd.

     269—South	Orange. Eugene Connett, 170 Turrel Ave.

     275—Camden.	Captain Herbert George Sparrow,
     Ship No. 1269 Naval Post, Veterans of Foreign Wars,
     Armory of Second Battalion, Naval Militia of New
     Jersey, Temple Theater Building, 415 Market St.

New York—23—Jamestown. W. E. Jones, 906 Jefferson St.
     34—New York City. St. Mary’s Men’s Club, 142
     Alexander Ave., Bronx, N. Y. C.

     147—Youngsville.	Harry Malowitz, Youngsville House.

     165—Saratoga.	Wm. Marshall. Office No. 9, Chamber
     of Commerce Arcade.

     177—Brooklyn. George Iverson, 306 Macon St.

     185—Brooklyn. J. M. Canavan, 69 Bond St.

     193—Niagara	Falls. Roy Tompkins, 1155 Garret Ave.

     194—Hadley.	Mrs Chas. H. Black.

     205—Newburgh. Jacques Teller, 5 Golden St.

     215—Yonkers.	George’s Sport Shop, 45 Main St.

     226—Red Hook. P. W. E. Hart, The Silver Birch Shop,

     Albany Post Road, Dutchess Co.

     230—New	York City. Fred G. Taylor, 424 Broad-
     way. Dobbs Ferry.

     233—Albany. R. N. Bradley, 84 Livingston Ave.

     239—Valley Stream, Long Island. Arthur Borch-
     mann, Centarlane.

     298—Walton. S. K. Sherman.

North Carolina—92—Biltmore. C. Marshall Gravatt,
     Felstone Co

     133—Pine Bluff. N. Steve Hutchings.

     159—Waynesville. Harry M. Hall, 720 Walnut St.

     255—Tryon.	Howard Shannon.
The Camp-Fire

North Dakota—206—Fairmount. Frank Kitchener; Rich-
     land Hotel.

Ohio—52—Ulrichsville. Anthony Sciarra, 329 W. Fourth
     St.

     58—Cleveland. J. F. Thompson, Community Pharm-
     acy, 950s Denison Ave.

     63—Ulrichsville. Chas. F. Burroway, 312 Water St.

     75—Columbus. Chas. W. Jenkins. 54 S. Burgess Ave.
     113—Buena Vista. Geo. T. Watters.

     166—Toledo. Frank P. Carey, 3267 Maplewood Ave.,
     or wherever his Ford happens to be.

     207—Columbus. Tod S. Raper, 77 Taylor Ave.

     241—Cincinnati.	D. W. Davidson, 1414 Vine St.

     242—Bellefontaine.	Harry E. Edselle, 328 Plum-
     valley St.

     263—Toledo.	F. P. Carey, Box r43, Station A.

     264—Toledo.	S. G. La Plante, 1820 Dunham St.

    291—Ravenna.	McGraw and Eckler.

     292—Oberlin.	E. A. Sherrill, Sherrill Acres, Chicago-
     Buffalo Highway, State Route No. 2.

Oklahoma—57—Haskell. Roy Holt.

     225—Shawnee. A. M. Postlethwaite, 521 N. Beard St.

     234—Blackwell.	H. W. Willis, 204^ N. Main St.
Oregon—4—Salem. D. Wiggins.

     286—Portland. W. C. Chapman, 24 Union Ave.
Pennsylvania—20—Philadelphia. Wm. A. Fulmer, 267 S.
Ninth St.

     21—Braddock. Clarence Jenkins, Union News Co.

     24—Philadelphia. Alfred A. Krombach, 4159 N.
     Eighth Street, and Spring Mills Station, P. & R. Ry.
     Co., Montgomery County.

     78—Pittsburgh. Peter C. Szarmach, 3030 Brereton St.

     100—Philadelphia. Veterans of Foreign Wars, 926
     N. 41st St.

     182—Greensburg.	Don Frederick Wermuth.

     224—Oil City. J. M. Blair, 608 W. Front St.

     247—Pittsburgh.	J. F. Lichtenhaer, 224 Swope St.

     248—Philadelphia.	Carl D. Charles, 214 East St.
     Wissahickon.

     261—Shippensberg. The Chronicle, 12 South Earl St.
South Dakota—179—Fairbum. Jesse K. Fell, Custer
County Press.

     270—Centerville.	C. H. Hombeck, The Centerville

      Journal.

South Carolina—97—Charleston. J. W. Mette, Navy
    Yard.

     217—Charleston.	J. H. Keener, 346 King St.

     293—Florence.	S. B. Stacey.

Tennessee—195—Knoxville. C. G. Pruden, 2024 Rose Ave.
Texas—33—Houston. J. M. Shamblin, 4805 Oakland St.

     123—San Juan. D. L. Carter, Box 436.

     134—Breckenridge. Joe Randel, 226 Baylor Avenue.

     148—Port Arthur. Ralph C. Cornwell, 215 Eighth St.
     174—San Angelo. E. M. Weeks, 24 West Eighth St.

     183—South	San Antonio. J. F. Nicodemus, Box III,
     So San Antonio Transfer.

     218—Fort	Worth. Robert Lentz, R No. 6 Box 73.

     271—Harlingon.	H. C. Jennings, Box 324.

     280—Reese.	L. H. Baker.

     294—Coleman.	Clyde Ransberger.

     300—Pecos. Oram Green, Third and Cedar Sts.

Utah—157—Salt Lake City. Ned Howard, 127 N. St.
Virginia—108—Cape Charles. Lynn Stevenson, P. O.
Box 26.

     219—Richmond.	Wm. Meek, 104 S. 1st St.
Washington—1—lone. Evan Morgan, Albert’s Billiard

      Hall.

     61—Burlington. Judge B. N. Albertson. Fairhaven Ave.
     83—Seattle. Chas. D. Raymer, Raymer’s Old Book-
     Store, 1330 First Ave.

    154—Mt.	Vernon. Miss Beatrice Bell, Western
    Washington Auto Club.

     155—Olympia.	B. F. Hume, Commercial Club Rooms.
     172—Sunnyside. Mark Austin.

     196—Arlington. F. T. Herzinger.

     220—Sultan.	George W. Snyder, Main St., opp. P. O.

    281—Warm	Beach. Paul E. Vollum and Kirkham
    Evans, Evans Bldg.

West Virginia—48—Huntington. John Geiske, 1682 Sixth
     St.

     299—Fairmount. Dr. J. W. Ballard, 314 Main St.
Wisconsin—41—Madison. Frank Weston, 401 Gay Bldg.
Alaska—295—Ketchikan. Thwaites Photo Shop, Ingersoll
Hotel Bldg., Front St.

Australia—39—Melbourne. William H. Turner, “Wol-
    woling” Keen St. Northcote; and Carters’ and
    Drivers’ Union, 46 William St.

    76—Victoria. Chas. M. Healy, 30, The Avenue,
    Windsor Post, Dist. No. 8.

     130—Bnsbane. H. V. Shead, Sutton St., Kangaroo Pt.

     235—Sydney.	Phillip Norman, 842 Military Road,
     Nosman, Newtown.

     278—Belgrave, Victoria. Raymond Paule, Cam Brea,
     Old Monbulk Road.

     282—Melbourne. Thomas L. Winter, 81 William St.
     North Brighton.

Belgium—131—Antwerp. Reuben S. James, Place de
    1’Entrepot 3.

British Columbia—231—Stewart. Jack O’Shea, Ryan
     Bldg.

      236—Vancouver. A. Johnson, 552-3 Hastings St.
 Canada—31—Howe Sound, B. C. C. Plowden, Plowden

     Bay.

     84—White	Rock, B. C. Charles L. Thompson.

     22—Burlington, Ontario. T. M. Waumsly, Jocelyn
     Bookstore.

      4—Dunedin, P. E. Island. J. N. Berrigan.

     29—Deseronto,	Ontario. Harry M. Moore, The Post.
     Weekly.

    45—Norwood, Manitoba. Albert Whyte, 84 La
    Riviere St.

     30—Winnipeg,	Man. Walter Peterson, The Carleton
     Hotel, 216 Notre Dame Avenue.

     62—Woodstock, Ontario. George L. Catton, 94 Met-
     calfe St.

     85—Oshawa,	Ontario. J. Worral, 6% King St. E.

     102—Amherst, Nova Scotia. Lloyd E. MacPherson,

     5 Belmont St.

     124—Hartshorn, Alberta. Leonard Brown, 33-34-17
     W4M.

     178—Moncton, N. B. Chas. H. McCall, 178 St.
     George St.

     221—Montreal East. M. M. Campbell, 95 Broadway.

      249—-Fallowfield,	Ontario. Ernest Armstrong.

     250—Sault	Ste. Marie. James McDonald, 504 Queen
     St. E.

     276—Skyland, Page Co., Va. N. Mackintosh,

 -" 277—Barrie, Ontario. R. F. Smith.

      300—-Halifax, N. S. Audler S. Lee, 551 Gottingen St.
 Canal Zone—37—Cristobal. F. E. Stevens.

     156—Ancon. Arthur Haughton, Box 418.

China—-222—Tientsin. Dr. George W. Twomey, 43 Rue
     de Amiraute.

Cuba—is—Havana. Ricardo N. Farres, Dominquez, 7
     Cerro.

England—296—Longton, Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire.
     William Berry, 19 Weston P ace, off Heathcote
     Road.

Egypt—173—Khartoum, Sudany. W. T. Moffat, Sudan

     Customs.

Germany—283—Dusseldorf. Hans Derrick Hulsmann,
     care R. A. Visser & Co.

 Hawaiian Islands—170—Leilehua, Oahu, Chateau Shanty.

     272—Honolulu, Hawaii. Hubert T. Miller, Room 4,
     Silent Hotel.

Honduras, C. A.—32—Galeras, Olancho. Dr. Wm. C.
     Robertson.

     70—La Ceiba. Jos Buckly Taylor.

India—197—Calcutta. W. Leishman, 46 Wellesley St.
Mexico—68—Guadalajara, Jal. W. C. Money, Hotel
Fenix, Calle Lopez, Cotilla Nos. 269 a 281.

Navy—71—U. S. Arizona. Elmer E. McLean.
Newfoundland—132—St. John’s. P. C. Mars, Small-
wood Bldg.

Nova Scotia—297—Dartmouth. W. E. Sievert, Portland
     St.

Porto Rico—46—Ensenada. M. B. Couch, P. O. Box 5.
Philippine Islands—-198—Manila. W. W. Weston, De
La Rama Bldg.

Virgin Islands—301.—St. Thomas, Joseph Reynolds,
     The Grand Hotel,

   SERVICES TO OUR READERS

Lost Trails, for finding missing
relatives and friends, runs in alter-
nate issues from “Old Songs That
Men Have Sung.”

Old Songs That Men Have
Sung, a section of “Ask Adventure,”
runs in alternate issues from “Lost Trails.”

     Camp-Fire Stations: explanation in the second
and third issues of each month. Full list in second

 issue of each month.

    Various Practical Services to Any Reader:

Free Identification Card in eleven languages
(metal, 25 cents); Mail Address and Forwarding
Service; Back Issues Exchanged; Camp-Fire
Buttons, etc., runs in the last issue of each month.
A Free Question and Answer Service
Bureau of Information on Outdoor Life
and Activities Everywhere and Upon
the Various Commodities Required
Therein. Conducted for Adventure
Magazine by Our Staff of Experts.

QUESTIONS should be sent, not to this office, but direct to the expert in charge of the section in
whose field it falls. So that service may be as prompt as possible, he will answer you by mail direct.
But he will also send to us a copy of each question and answer, and from these we shall select those
of most general interest and publish them each issue in this department, thus making it itself an exceed-
ingly valuable standing source of practical information. Unless otherwise requested inquirer’s name and
town are printed with question; street numbers not given.

  When you ask for general information on a given district or subject the expert may give you some valu-
able general pointers and refer you to books or to local or special sources of information.

  Our experts will in all cases answer to the best of their ability, using their own discretion in all matters
pertaining to their sections, subject only to our general rules for “Ask Adventure,” but neither they nor
the magazine assumes any responsibility beyond the moral one of trying to do the best that is possible.
These experts have been chosen by us not only for their knowledge and experience but with an eye to
their integrity and relia >ility. We have emphatically assure l each of them that his advice or information
is not to be affected in any way by whether a given commodity is or is not advertised in this magazine.

1.	Service free to anybody, provided self-addressed envelop and full postage, not
   attached, are enclosed. (See footnote at bottom of page.) Correspondents writing
   to or from foreign countries will please enclose International Reply Coupons,
   purchasable at any post-office, and exchangeable for stamps of any country in the
   International Postal Union. Be sure that the issuing office stamps the coupon in the
   left-hand circle.

2.	Send each question direct to the expert in eharjre of the particular section whose
   field covers it. He will reply by mail. Do NOT send questions to this magazine.

3.	No reply will be made to requests for partners, for financial backing, or for chances
   to join expeditions. “Ask Adventure" covers business and work opportunities, but
   only if they are outdoor activities, and only in the way of general data and advice. It
   is in no sense an employment bureau.

4.	Make your questions definite and specific. State exactly your wants, qualifications
   and intentions. Explain your case sufficiently to guide the expert you question.

5.	Send no question until you have read very carefully the exact ground covered by
   the particular expert in whose section it seems to belong.

1.	The Sea Part 1 American Waters

Beriah Brown, 1624 Biegelow Ave., Olympia, Wash. Ships,
seamen and shipping; nautical history, seamanship, navi-

?at!on, yachting, small-boat sailing; commercial fisheries of
lorth America; marine bibliography of U. S.; fishine-vessels
of the North Atlantic ind Pacific banks. (See next section )

2.	The Sea Part 2 British Waters

Captain A. E. Dingle, care Adventure. Seamanship,
navigation, old-time sallorizing, ocean-cruising, etc. Ques-
tions on the sea, ships and men local to the British Empire
go to Captain Dingle, not Mr. Brown.

3.	The Sea Part 3 Statistics of American Shipping
Harry E. Rieseberg, Apartment 347-A, Kew Gardens,
Washington. D. C. Historical records, tonnages, names
and former names, dimensions, services, power, class, rig,
builders, present and past ownerships, signals, etc., of all
vessels of the American Merchant Marine and Government
vessels in existence over five gross tons in the United States,
Panama and the Philippines, and the furnishing of infor-
mation and records of vessels under American registry as
far back as 1760.

4.	Islands and Coasts Part 1 Islands of Indian and

      Atlantic Oceans; the Mediterranean; Cape Horn
and Magellan Straits
Captain A. E. Dingle, care Adventure. Ports, trade,
peoples, travel. (See next section.)

5.	Islands Part 2 Haiti, Santo Domingo, Porto Rico,

      Virgin and Jamaica Groups
Charles Bell Emerson, Adventure Cabin, Los Gatos,
Calif. Languages, mining, minerals, fishing, sugar, fruit
and tobacco production.

6.	Islands Part 3 Cuba

Wallace Montgomery, Warner Sugar Co. of Cuba, Mi-
randa Oriente, Cuba. Geography, industries, people, cus-
toms, hunting, fishing, history and government.

7.	★ New Zealand; and the South Sea Islands Part 1

      Cook Islands, Samoa
Tom L. Mills, The Feilainn Star, Fellding, New Zealand.
Travel, history, customs; adventure, exploring, sport.
(Send International Reply Coupon for eleven cents.)

8.	★South Sea Islands Part 2 French Oceania (Tahiti,

      the Society. Paumoto, Marquesas); Islands of
      Western Pacific (Solomons, New Hebrides,
      Fiji, Tonga); of Central Pacific (Guam, Ladrone,
      Pelew, Caroline. Marshall, Gilbert, Ellice): of
      the Detached (Wailis, Penrhyn, Danger, Easter,
      Rotuma, Futuna, Pitcairn).

Charles Brown. Jr.. Boite No. 167, Papeete. Tahiti,
Society Islands, South Pacifio Ocean. Inhabitants, history,
travel, sports, equipment, climate, living conditions, com-
merce. pearling, vanilla and coconut culture. (Send Inter-
national Reply Coupon for eleven cents.)

★	(Enclose addressed envelop with International Reply Coupon for eleven cents.)

184
Ask Adventure

185

9.	★ Australia and Tasmania

Phillip Norman, 842 Military Road, Mosman, Sydney,
N. S. W., Australia. Customs, resources, travel, hunting,
sports, history. {Send International Reply Coupon for eleven
cents.)

10.	Malaysia, Sumatra and Java

Fay-Cooper Cole, Ph. D., Field Museum of Natural His-
tory, Chicago, 111. Hunting and fishing, exploring, com-
merce, inhabitants, history, mstitutions.

11.	★ New Guinea

L. P. B. Armit, Port Moresby, Territory of Papua, via
Sydney, Australia. Hunting and fishing, exploring, com-
merce, Inhabitants, history. Institutions. Questions re-
garding the measures or policy of the Government or
proceedings of Government officers not answered (Send
International Reply Coupon for eleven cents.)

12.	Philippine Islands

Buck Connor, L. B. 4., Quartzsite, Ariz. History, Inhabi-
tants, topography, customs, travel, hunting, fishing, miner-
als, agriculture, commerce.

13.	Hawaiian Islands and China

F.	J. Halton, 1402 Lytton Bldg., Chicago, 111. Customs,
travel, natural history, resources, agriculture, fishing,
hunting.

14.	Japan

Grace P. T. Knudson, Castine, Me. Commerce, politics,
people, customs, history, geography, travel, agriculture,
art, curios.

15.	Asia Part 1 Arabia, Persia, India* Tibet, Burma,

      Western China, Borneo
Captain Beverley Giddings, care Adventure. Hunting,
exploring, traveling, customs.

16.	Asia Part 2 Siam, Andamans, Malay Straits,

      Straits Settlements, Shan States and Yunnan

Gordon MacCreagh, 21 East 14th St., New York. Hunt-
ing, trading, traveling, customs.

17.	Asia Part 3 Coast of Northeastern Siberia, and

      Adjoining Waters
Capt. C. L. Oliver, care Adventure. Natives, language,
mining, trading, customs, climate. Arctic Ocean: Winds,
currents, depths, ice conditions, walrus-hunting.

18.	★ Asia Part 4 North China, Mongolia and Chi-

      nese Turkestan
George W. Twomey, M.D., 60 Rue de l’Amiraut6, Tien-
tsin, China. Natives, languages, trading, customs, climate
and hunting. (Send InternatioTial Reply Coupon for five cents.)

19.	Africa Part 1 Sierra Leone to Old Calabar, West

      Africa, Southern and Northern Nigeria
Robert Simpson, care Adventure. Labor, trade, expenses,
outfitting, living conditions, tribal customs, transporta-
tion.

20.	★ Africa Part 2 Transvaal, N. W. and Southern
  Rhodesia, British East, Uganda and the Upper Congo

Charles Beadle, La Roseraie, Cap d’Ail (Alpes Mari-
times), France. Geography, hunting, equipment, trading,
climate, transport, customs, living conditions, witchcraft,
adventure and sport. (Send International Reply Coupon for
five cents.)

21.	Africa Part 3 Cape Colony, Orange River

      Colony, Natal and Zululand

Captain F. J. Franklin, care Adventurers’ Club of Chi-
cago, 40 South Clark St., Chicago, 111. Climate, shooting
and fishing, imports and exports; health resorts, minerals,
direct shipping routes from U. S., living conditions, travel,
opportunities for employment. Free booklets on: Orange-
growing, apple-growing, sugar-growing, maize-growing; viti-
culture ; sheep and fruit ranching.

22.	*£< AJfrica Part 4 Portuguese East

R. G. Waring, Corunna, Ontario, Canada. Trade, pro-
duce, climate, opportunities, game, wild life, travel, ex-
penses, outfits, health, etc. (Send International Reply Cou~
Pon for three cents )

23.	Africa Part 5 Morocco

George E. Holt, care Adventure. Travel, tribes, customs,
history, topography, trade.

24.	Africa Part 6 Tripoli

Captain Beverley Giddings, care Adventure. Includ-
ing the Sahara Tuaregs and caravan routes. Traveling,
exploring, customs, caravan trade.

25.	Africa Part 7 Egypt, Tunis, Algeria

(Editor to be appointed.) Travel, history, ancient and
modern; monuments, languages, races, customs, commerce.

26.	^ Africa Part 8 Sudan

W. T. Moffat, Opera House, Southport, Lancashire, En-
gland. Climate, prospects, trading, traveling, customs, his-
tory. (Send Inter?iational Reply Coupon for three cents.)

27.	Turkey

J. F. Edwards, David Lane, East Hampton, N. Y. Travel,
history, geography, politics, races, languages, customs, com-
merce, outdoor life, general information.

28.	Asia Minor
(Editor to be appointed.)

29.	Bulgaria, Roumania

(Editor to be appointed.) Travel, history, topography,
languages, customs, trade opportunities.

30.	Albania

Robert S. Townsend, 1447 Irving St., Washington, D.

C. History, politics, customs, languages, inhabitants,
sports, travel, outdoor life.

31.	Jugo-Slavia and Greece

Lieut. William Jenna, Fort Clayton, Panama, C. Z.
History, politics, customs, geography, language, travel, out-
door life.

32.	Scandinavia

Robert S. Townsend, 1447 Irving St., Washington, D.
C. History, politics, customs, languages, inhabitants,
sports, travel, outdoor life.

33.	Germany, Czecho-Slovakia, Austria, Poland
Fred. F. Fleischer, care Adventure. History, politics, cus-
toms, languages, trade opportunities, travel, sports, out-
door life.

34.	*i* Great Britain

Thomas Bowen Partington, Constitutional Club, North-
umberland Ave., W. C. 2, London, England. General in-
formation. (Send International Reply Coupon for three
cents.)

35.	South America Part 1 Colombia, Ecuador, Peru,

      Bolivia and Chile
Edgar Young, care Adventure. Geography, inhabitants,
history, industries, topography, minerals, game, languages,
customs.

36.	South America Part 2 Venezuela, the Guianas

      and Brazil

Paul Vanorden Shaw, 360 W. 122nd St., New York, N. Y.
Travel,history,customs, industries,topography,inhabitants,
languages, hunting and fishing.

37.	South America Part 3 Argentina, Uruguay and

     Paraguay

William R. Barbour, care Adventure. Geography, travel,
agriculture, cattle, timber, inhabitants, camping and ex-
ploration, general information. Questions regarding em-
ployment not answered.

38.	Central America

Charles Bell Emerson, Adventure Cabin, Los Gatos,
Calif. Canal Zone, Panama, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Hon-
duras. British Honduras, Salvador, Guatemala. Travel,
languages, game, conditions, minerals, trading.

39.	Mexico Part 1 Northern

J. W. Whiteaker, 1505 W. 10th St., Austin, Tex. Bor-
der States of old Mexico—Sonora, Chihuahua, Coahuila,
Nuevo Leon and Tamaulipas. Minerals, lumbering, agri-
culture, travel, customs, topography, climate, inhabitants,
hunting, history. Industries.

40.	Mexico Part 2 Southern; and

      Lower California

C.	R. Mahaffey, Box 304, San Jos6, Calif. Lower Cali-
fornia; Mexico south of a line from Tampico to Mazatlan.
Mining, agriculture, topography, travel, nunting, limber-
ing, history, inhabitants, business and general conditions.

41.	Mexico Part 3 Southeastern

W. Russell Sheets, 1121 Columbia Rd., Washington,

D.	C. Federal Territory of Quinta Roo, Yucatan, Cam-
peche. Travel, geography, business conditions, explora-
tion, inhabitants, history and customs.

42.	Canada Part 1 Height of Land, Region of
     Northern Quebec and Northern Ontario (except
     Strip between Minn, and C. P. Ry.); Southeast-
     ern Ungava and Keewatin

S.	E. Sangster (“Canuck”), L. B. 393, Ottawa, Canada.
Sport, canoe routes, big game, fish, fur; equipment; Indian
life and habits; Hudson’s Bay Co. posts; minerals, timber,
customs regulations. No questions answered on trapping
for profit. (Send International Reply Coupon for three cents.)

43.	►£< Canada Part 2 Ottawa Valley and Southeast-

  ern Ontario	^

Harry M. Moore, Deseronto, Ont., Canada. Fishing, hunt-
ing, canoeing, mining, lumbering, agriculture, topography,
travel. (Send International Reply Coupon for three cents.)

44.	Canada Part 3 Georgian Bay and Southern
     Ontario	>4 _

A. D. L. Robinson, 115 Huron St., Walkerville, Ont.,
Canada. Fishing, hunting, trapping, canoeing; farm loca-
tions, wild lands, national parks. (Send International Re-
ply Coupon for three cents.)

45.	Canada Part 4 Hunters Island and English
     River District

T. F. Phillips, Department of Science, Duluth Central
High School. Duluth, Minn. Fishing, camping, hunting,
trapping, canoeing, climate, topography, travel.

46.	Canada Part 5 Yukon, British Columbia and
     Alberta

(Editor to be appointed.) Including Peace River district;
to Great Slave Lake. Outfits and equipment, guides, big
game, minerals, forest, prairie; travel; customs regulations.

★	(Enclose addressed envelop with International Reply Coupon for five cents.)

   (Enclose addressed envelop with International Reply Coupon for three cents.)
Adventure

47.	>{< Canada Part 6 Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Mac*

     kenzie and Northern Keewatin

Reece H. Hague, The Pas, Manitoba, Canada. Home-
steading, mining, hunting, trapping, lumbering and
travel. (Send International Reply Coupon for three cents.)

48.	HE" Canada Part 7 Southeastern Quebec

Jas. F. B. Belford, Codrington, Ont., Canada. Hunting,
fishing, lumbering, camping, trapping, auto and canoe trips,
history, topography, farming, homesteading, mining, paper
industry, water-power. (Send International Reply Coupon
for three cents.)

49.	Canada Part 8 Newfoundland

C.	T James, Bonaventure Ave., St. Johns, Newfoundland.
Hunting, fishing, trapping, auto and canoe trips, topog-
raphy; general information. (Send International Reply
Coupon for five cents.)

50.	Canada Part 9 New Brunswick, Nova Scotia and

      Prince Edward Island

Fred L. Bowden, 312 High Street, Newark, N. J. Lum-
bering, hunting, fishing, trapping, auto and canoe trips, to-
pography, farming and homesteading; general information.

51.	Alaska

Theodore S. Solomons, 6720 Leland Way, Hollywood,
Calif. Arctic life and travel; boats, packing, back-packing,
traction, transport, routes; equipment, clothing, food;
physics, hygiene; mountain work.

52.	Baffinland and Greenland

Victor Shaw, Box 958, Ketchikan, Alaska. Hunting,
expeditions, dog-team work, whaling, geology, ethnology
(Eskimo).

53.	Western U. S. Parti Calif., Ore., Wash., Nev.,

      Utah and Ariz.

E.	E. Harriman, 2303 W. 23rd St., Los Angeles, Calif.
Game, fur, fish; camp, cabin; mines, minerals; mountains.

54.	Western U. S. Part 2 New Mexico

H. F. Robinson, 200-202 Korber Block, Albuquerque,
N. M. Agriculture, automobile routes, Indians, Indian
dances, including the snake dance; oil-fields; hunting, fish-
ing, camping; history, early and modem.

55.	Western U. S. Part 3 Colo, and Wyo.

Frank Middleton, 509 Fremont St., Laramie, Wyo.
Geography, agriculture, stock-raising, mining, hunting,
fishing, trapping, camping and outdoor life in general.

56.	Western U. S. Part 4 Mont. and the Northern

     Rocky Mountains
Fred W. Egleston, 606 West Lamme, Bozeman, Mont.
Agriculture, mining, northwestern oil-fields, hunting, fishing,
camping, automobile tours, guides, early history.

57.	Western U. S. Part 5 Idaho and Surrounding

     Country

R. T. Newman, 1001 Park St., Anaconda, Mont. Camping,
shooting, fishing, equipment, information on expeditions,
history and inhabitants.

58.	Western U. S. Part 6 Tex. and Okla.

J. W. Whiteaker, isos W. 10th St., Austin, Tex. Min-
erals, agriculture, travel, topography, climate, hunting,
history, industries.

59.	Middle Western U. S. Parti The Dakotas, Neb.,

       Ia., Kan.

Joseph Mills Hanson, care Adventure. Hunting, fishing,
travel. Especially, early history of Missouri Valley.

69.	Middle Western U. S. Part 2 Mo. and Ark.
John B. Thompson (“Ozark Ripley”), care of Adventure.
Also the Missouri Valley up to Sioux City, Iowa. Wilder
countries of theOzarks, and swamps; hunting, fishing, trap-
ping, farming, mining and range lands; big-timber sections.

61.	Middle Western U. S. Part 3 Ind., 111., Mich.,

      Wis., Minn, and Lake Michigan
John B. Thompson ("Ozark Ripley”), care of Adventure.
Fishing, clamming, hunting, trapping, lumbering, canoeing,
camping, guides, outfits, motoring, agriculture, minerals,
natural history, early history, legends.

62.	Middle Western U. S. Part 4 Mississippi River
Geo. A. Zerr, Vine and Hill Sts., Crafton P. O., Ingram,
Pa. Routes, connections, itineraries; all phases of river
steamer and power-boat travel; history and idiosyncrasies
of the river and its tributaries. Questions regarding
methods of working one’s way should be addressed to
Mr. Spears. (See section 64.)

63.	Middle Western U. S. Part 5 Great Lakes

H. C. Gardner, 1909 Stout St., Denver, Colo. Seaman-
ship, navigation, courses and distances, reefs and shoals,
lights and landmarks, charts; laws, fines, penalties; river
navigation.

64.	Eastern U. S. Part 1 Adirondack®, New York;

     Lower Miss. (St. Louis down), Atchafalaya
across La. swamps, St. Francis River, Arkansas
Bottoms, North and East Shores of Lake Mich.
Raymond S. Spears, Inglewood, Calif. Transcontinental
and other auto-trail tours (Lincoln, National, Old Sa.nta
Ft, Yellowstone, Red Ball, Old Spanish Trail, Dixie High-
way, Ocean to Ocean, Pike’s Peak); regional conditions,
outfits, suggestions; skiff, outboard, small launch river and
lake tripping and cruising; trapping; fresh water and but-
ton shelling; wildcraft, camping, nature sttidy.

65.	Eastern U. S. Part 2 Motor-Boat and Canoe

      Cruising on Delaware and Chesapeake Bays and
Tributary Rivers
Howard A. Shannon, care of Adventure. Motor-boat
equipment and management. Oystering, crabbing, eeling,
black bass, pike, sea-trout, croakers; general fishing in tidal
waters. Trapping and trucking on Chesapeake Bay. Water
fowl and upland game in Maryland and Virginia. Early
history of Delaware, Virginia and Maryland.

66.	Eastern U. S. Part 3 Marshes and Swamplands

      of the Atlantic Coast from Philadelphia to
      Jacksonville

Howard A. Shannon, care of A dventure. Okefinokee and
Dismal, Okranoke and the Marshes of Glynn; Croatan
Indians of the Carolinas. History, traditions, customs,
hunting, modes of travel, snakes.

67.	Eastern U. S. Part 4 Southern Appalachians
William R. Barbour, care Adventure. Alleghanies, Blue
Ridge, Smokies, Cumberland Plateau, Highland Rim.
Topography, climate, timber, hunting and fishing, auto-
mobiling, national forests, general information.

68.	Eastern U. S. Part 5 Tenn., Ala., Miss., N. and S.

      C„ Fla. and Ga.

Hapsburg Liebe, care of Adventure. Except Tennessee
River and Atlantic seaboard. Hunting, fishing, camping;
logging, lumbering, sawmilling, saws.

69.	Eastern U. S. Part 6. Maine

Dr. G. E. Hathorne, 70 Main Street, Bangor, Me. For
all territory west of the Penobscot river. Fishing, hunting,
canoeing, guides, outfits, supplies.

70.	Eastern U. S. Part 7 Eastern Maine

H.	B. Stanwood, East Sullivan, Me. For all territory
east of the Penobscot River. Hunting, fishing, canoeing,
mountaineering, guides; general information.

71.	Eastern U. S. Part 8 Vt., N. H., Conn., R. I„

      and Mass.

Howard R. Voight, 35 Dawson Ave., West Haven, Conn.
Fishing, hunting, travel, roads; business conditions, history,

72.	Eastern U. S. Part 9 New Jersey

Francis H. Bent, Jr , Farmingdale, N.J. Topography, hunt-
ing, fishing; automobile routes; history; general information.

73.	Eastern U. S. Part 10 Maryland

Lawrence Edmund Allen, 201 Bowery Ave., Frostburg,
Md. Mining, touring, summer resorts, historical places,
general information._

A.—Radio

  Donald McNicol, 132 Union Road, Roselle Park, N. J.
Telegraphy, telephony, history, broadcasting, apparatus,
Invention, receiver construction, portable sets.

           B.—Mining and Prospecting
Victor Shaw, Box 958, Ketchikan, Alaska. Territory
anywhere on the continent of North America. Questions
on mines, mining law, mining, mining methods or practise;
where and how to prospect, how to outfit; how to make
the mine after it is located; how to work it and how to sell
it; general geology necessary for miner or prospector,
including the precious and base metals and economic
minerals such as pitchblende or uranium, gypsum, mica,
cryolite, etc. Questions regarding investment or the
merits of any particular company are excluded.

     C.—Old Songs That Men Have Sung

  A department for collecting hitherto unpublished spec-
imens and for answering questions concerning all songs
of the out-of-doors that have had sufficient virility to out-
last their immediate day; chanteys, “forebitters,” ballads
—songs of outdoor men—sailors, lumberjacks, soldiers,
cowboys, pioneers, rivermen, canal-men, men of the Great
Lakes, voyageurs, railroad men, miners, hoboes, plantation
hands, etc.—R. W. Gordon, 4 Conant Hall, Cambridge,
Mass.	_

D.—Weapons, Past and Present

  Rifles, shotguns, pistols, revolvers, ammunition and edged
weapons. (Any questions on the arms adapted to a par-
ticular locality should not be sent to this department but
to the “Ask Adventure” editor covering the district.)

  1.—All	Shotguns, Including foreign and American
makes; wing shooting. John B. Thompson ("Ozark Rip-
ley”), care of Adventure.

  2.—All	Rifles, Pistols and Revolvers, including for-
eign and American makes. Donegan Wiggins, R. F. D. 3,
Lock Box 75, Salem, Ore.

  3.—Edged	Weapons, and Firearms Prior to 1800.
Swords, pikes, knives, battle-axes, etc., and all firearms of
the flintlock, matchlock, wheel-lock and snaphaunce vari-
eties. Lewis Appleton Barker, 40 University Road,
Brookline, Mass. _

E.—Salt and Fresh Water Fishing

  John B. Thompson ("Ozark Ripley”), care of Adventure.
Fishing-tackle and equipment; fly and bait casting and
bait; camping-outfits; fishing-trips.
Ask Adventure

187

F.—Forestry in the United States

  Ernest W. Shaw, South Carver, Mass. Big-game hunt-
ing, guides and equipment; national forests of the Rocky
Mountain States. Questions on the policy of the Govern-
ment regarding game and wild-animal life in the Forests.

             G.—Tropical Forestry
William R. Barbour, care Adventure. Tropical forest-
and forest products; their economic possibilities; distribsu
tion, exploration, etc.

                H.—Aviation
Lieut.-Col. W. G. Schauffler, Jr., 2940 Newark St.,
N. W., Washington, D. C. Airplanes; airships; aero-
nautical motors; airways and landing fields; contests;
Aero Clubs; Insurance; aeronautical laws; licenses; operat-
ing data; schools: foreign activities; publications. No
questions answered regarding aeronautical stock-promotion
companies.	_

  L—Army Matters, United States and Foreism

  Fred. F. Fleischer, care Adventure. United States:
Military history, military policy. National Defense Act
of 1920. Regulations and matters in general for organ-
ized reserves. Army and uniform regulations, infantry
drill regulations, field service regulations. Tables of organ-
ization. Citizens’ military training camps. Foreign:
Strength and distribution of foreign armies before the war.
Uniforms. Strength of foreign armies up to date. History
of armies of countries covered by Mr. Fleischer in general
“Ask Adventure” section. General: Tactical questions on
the late war. Detailed information on all operations during
the late war from the viewpoint of the German high com-
mand. Questions regarding enlisted personnel and officers,
except such as are published in Officers’ Directory, can
not be answered. _

               J.—Navy Matters
Lieut. Francis V Greene, U. S. N. R., 588 Bergen
Street, Brooklyn, N. Y Regulations, history, customs, drill,
gunnery; tactical and strategic questions, sh:ps, propulsion,
construction, classification; general informat on. Questions
regarding the enlisted personnel and officers such as contained
in the Register of ufficers can not be answered

K.-American Anthropology North of the Panama Canal

  Arthur Woodward, 1244 Leighton Ave., Los Angeles,
Calif. Customs, dress, architecture, pottery and decorative
arts, weapons and implements, fetishism, social divisions.

             L.—First Aid on the Trail
Claude P. Fordyce, M. D., Falls City, Neb. Medical
and surgical emergency care, wounds, injuries, common ill-
nesses, diet, pure water, clothing, insect and snake-bite;
industrial first aid and sanitation for mines, logging camps,
ranches and exploring parties as well as for camping trips
of all kinds. First-aid outfits. Meeting all health hazards
of the outdoor life, arctic, temperate and tropical zones.

Traveling in Jugo-Slavia

POST-WAR Europe seems to be
slowly growing quiet and peaceful
again:

  Request:—“Being interested in Jugo-Slavia, I de-
sire some information about the country and espe-
cially of the portion known as Croatia and Slavonia.
I am a Croatian by the accident of birth and a nurse
by profession. As I am to receive a three month
vacation in the spring, I am seriously thinking of
paying a visit to the land of my fathers. Therefore
the following queries:

  1.	Would the sum of $500 be sufficient for the
entire expenses one may incur on the trip, the above
sum including a third class passage there and back?

  2.	Are any difficulties encountered in the way of
transportation such as train service between the
smaller towns?

  3.	Must one report to the American consul im-
mediately on arrival? If so where? Is there one
in Agram?

M.—Health-Building Outdoors

Claude P. Fordyce, M. D., Falls City, Neb. How to
get well and how to keep well in the open air, where to go
and how to travel. Tropical hygiene. General health-
building, safe exercise, right food and habits, with as much
adaptation as possible to particular cases.

N.—Railroading in the U. S., Mexico and Canada

 R. T. Newman, iooi Park St., Anaconda, Mont. Gen-
 eral-office, especially immigration, work; advertising work,
 duties of station agent, bill clerk, ticket agent, passenger
 brakeman and rate clerk. General information.

O.—Herpetology

 Dr. G. K. Noble, American Museum of Natural History,
 77th St., and Central Park West, New York, N. Y. Gen-
 eral information concerning reptiles (snakes, lizards, tur-
 tles, crocodiles) and amphibians (frogs, toads, sala-
 manders) ; their customs, habits and distribution.

P.—Entomology

 Dr. Frank E. Lutz, Ramsey, N. J. General information
 about insects and spiders; venomous insects, disease-carry-
 ing insects, insects attacking man, etc.; distribution.

O	— STANDING INFORMATION

For Camp-Fire Stations write Laurence Jordan, care

 Adventure.

 For general information on U. S. and its possessions,
 write Supt. of Public Documents, Wash., D. C., fdr catalog
 of all Government publications. For U. S., its posses-
 sions and most foreign countries, the Dept., of Com.,
 Wash., D. C.

 For the Philippines, Porto Rico, and customs receiver-
 ships in Santo Domingo and Haiti, the Bureau of Insular
 Affairs, War Dept., Wash., D. C.

 For Alaska, the Alaska Bureau, Chamber of Commerce,
 Central Bldg., Seattle, Wash.

 For Hawaii, Hawaii Promotion Committee, Chamber of
 Commerce, Honolulu, T. H. Also Dept, of the Interior.
 Wash., D. C.

 For Cuba, Bureau of Information, Dept, of Agri., Com.
 and Labor, Havana, Cuba.

 The Pan-American Union for general information on
 Latin-American matters or for specific data. Address
 L. S. Rowe, Dir. Gen., Wash., D. C.

 For R. C. M. P., Commissioner Royal Canadian Mounted
 Police, Ottawa, Can. Only unmarried British subjects, age
 18 to 40, above 5 ft. 8 in. and under 175 lbs.

 For State Police of any State, Francis H. Bent, Jr.,
 Farmingdale, NT. J.

For Canal Zone, the Panama Canal Com., Wash., D. C.

 National Rifle Association of America, Brig. Gen. Fred H.
 Phillips, Jr., Sec’y, 1108 Woodward Bldg., Wash., D. C.

 United States Revolver Ass’n. W. A. Morrall, Sec'y-
 Treas., Hotel Virginia, Columbus, O.

National Parks, how to get there and what to do
when there. Address National Park Service, Wash., D. C.

 For whereabouts of Navy men, Bureau of Navigation,
 Navy Department, Wash., D. C.

  4.	Would you consider the country ‘safe’ at the
present time for a young woman to travel alone?
Am keeping in mind the possibility of some internal
troubles arising as is often the case in the Balkans.

  I have relatives scattered about Slavonia and
would naturally stay with them thereby cutting
down somewhat my expenses. Any other informa-
tion will be appreciated.”—Louise Coykich,
Youngstown, O.

  Reply, by Lieut. Jenna:—1. I believe that $500
would be sufficient to cover your expenses from your
present home to Agram and back and keep you quite
comfortably while there.

  2.	You will encounter a certain amount of diffi-
culty in going from one small town to another, but
you will have practically none in going between
large towns.

  3.	Upon your arrival in Agram (Zagreb) it would
be advisable to report to the American Consul there
and register. He would give you lots of good advice
concerning your passport and could also give you
lots of information concerning travel conditions and
188

Adventure

I am sure that you would find him very willing to
assist you in any way that he could.

  4.	As far as traveling is concerned, I believe that
you would be perfectly safe going anywhere in Jugo-
slavia. You will find, I believe, no internal troubles
of such an extent that they would make traveling
at all precarious.

  Now that I have specifically answered your ques-
tions, I shall add a few informal remarks concerning
the trip. I believe that there are U. S. Shipping
Board boats plying between the United States and
Europe on which it is possible to travel at a much
reduced rate. I believe that the 1st class rate be-
tween New York and England is something like
$120. Don’t you think it would be a good idea for
you to write to the Chairman of the U. S. Ship-
ping Board in New York and get some information
relative to travel rates on their steamships?

  Also have you decided what route you will take?
If you go through France, landing at some French
port, you have before you an expensive train trip
to Agram. Have you thought of going to some
Adriatic port? If you went to Trieste, you would
have but a short trip to Agram and I believe you
will find boats plying directly between New York
and Trieste. You could probably save a fair amount
of money that way. Once you get there, I believe
that you will find that the living expenses are really
very reasonable. Zagreb, which I believe is the
after-war name for Agram, is quite a railroad center
and you could go anywhere in the Jugo-Slav king-
dom from there without any material difficulty.

  By the way, I neglected to state definitely that
there is an American consul in Zagreb. When I was
over there, the consul was a Mr. Thompson. I con-
sidered him a very nice man and like him im-
mensely.

  When I left Jugo-Slavia in 1921 the country was
very quiet and peaceful. There were no internal
troubles at all and the country was getting on a more
solid footing all the time. I think that you will find
the conditions there now even better than in 1921.
The only thing that I have noticed recently is a
small argument between Jugo-Slavia and Bulgaria
and I believe you will find that that will finally
die a natural death. The Serbs don’t want war.
They want peace and they are, you will find, a very
peaceful and calm people whom I admire greatly.

  I don’t know that there is so much more that I
can tell you which would be of any great value to
you as far as planning your trip is concerned. If
there is anything else, however, which I can tell you,
do not hesitate to ask. I shall be very glad to help
in any way at all.

    The full statement of the depart-
  ments, as given in this issue, is printed
  only in alternate issues.

Death Valley

     THE hottest place on the continent
in summer, and cold as blazes in
winter:

  Request:—“Would you please tell me where I can
obtain some information about “Death Valley?”
What is the nearest railroad point to it, and has it
been explored?”—Ivan J. Dill, Stockton, Calif.

  Reply, by Mr. Harriman:—I can give you pointers
on Death Valley. It lies between the Amargosa
and Panamint Mountains, along the eastern line of
California. It is 276 feet below sea level and about

seventy-five miles long.

  It is the hottest place on this continent in summer,
having a record of 134 degrees above zero. In win-
ter the rawest cold winds imaginable blow through
it. Many people have lost their lives in this valley.

  In summer the air is so dry that a blanket soaked
in water and hung on a line will be totally dry in half
an hour. A man must drink as often as every half
hour to keep alive. At Furnace Creek ranch the
hens wade in the irrigating ditch and squat in the
water. The corral containing cows, mules and
horses has sheet iron nailed on its fence to protect
the animals from hot winds. Only one man has
been able to endure the heat more than three sum-
mers and he did it by sleeping in water at night.

  Shoshone on the Tidewater & Tonopah Ry. is the
nearest station.

  Death Valley has been explored by hundreds of
prospectors, who went there in cool weather in the
fall or early spring.

  One of my personal friends built an ore mill there
and had to tie his shack to two heavy motor trucks
to keep it from being wrecked by a high wind. He

says it is-at any season and only fools go there.

He declares he ought to know, having gone there
himself many times, which proves his contention.
He declares he has never doubted his own folly since
his first trip into the valley.

  Two women went there in cool weather, driving a
big automobile, and wrote a book about the trip.
A young acquaintance of mine flew there in an air-
plane to photograph the valley for The National
Geographic Magazine.

  I know not less than five men right now, who have
been there of late and they all damn the valley to
the limit.

  It is full of chemical salts.

Samoans

WELL set up, athletic and religious:

  Question:—“I would like to ask you a few ques-
tions about the South Sea Islands. I am a United
States Navy man serving on board the U. S. S.
Oklahoma. I would like you to give me all the
general information you can on the Samoan Islands,
Marquesas Islands and all islands either owned or
under the control of the United States. What
chances are there for a white man to make money
honestly in the islands?

  How do the natives live and dress? How do the
Americans live and dress?

  I understand the men of these islands are very
much physically fit. Is that so?

  Are they fond of sports of all kinds? What is
their favorite sport? Are they good boxers?
Wrestlers?

  What kind of dwellings do the natives live in?

  Are there any minerals and oil in these islands?

  What are the customs of the natives?

  What different kinds of agriculture crops are raised
in these islands?

  Are there many American farmers?

  I will appreciate very much any other informa-
tion you can give me on these islands, especially
those either owned or under control of the United
Ask Adventure

189

States.”—Frank Powell, care of Postmaster, San
Francisco, Calif.

  Answer, by Mr. Mills:—Hats off and hands across
the sea to the gob! You have issued a large order,
but thanks be it is not so large as you imagine it
to be. For outside of Hawaii, the Samoas are the
only islands in the South Sea that concern my an-
swer to you, as America has some of the Samoan
group, New Zealand having the mandate over the
rest, which we took from the Germans. You can
get far more and better information than I can give
you regarding American Samoa by writing to the
Superintendent of Public Documents, Washington.,
D. C., or to the Department of Commerce, same
city—with a request for its publications on Samoa.

  Now for your questions. A white man can make
money in the islands just according to the way he
goes about it and on the understanding that money,
plus energy and industry, makes money. The
Samoans dress much more simply than do the white
folks, who dress in whites—silk, duck or linen.

  The Samoans are the finest set-up men physically
on this footstool, and they keep fit with the open
air and life on the sea. Probably in your group of
the islands the Samoans are baseballers. In our
group they became so devoted to cricket that they
knocked off work to play the game, matches be-
tween villages lasting weeks at a time, playing six
out of the seven days—for the Samoans are deeply
religious, Christian at that. So obsessed ware they
with cricket that ordinances had to be passed to
limit the time of playing it. They do not box, but
they wrestle some—catch as catch can.

  The dwellings of the natives are thatch wheres
•r huts. Of the whites, lumber. There are neither
minerals nor oil in Samoa. Wild pigs are abundant.

  What do you mean by customs? They are of
clean habits, mentally and physically, and idolatry
has gone out. They have superstitions, of course
even Americans in Nebraska have those—and they
have native dances.

  The principal crops for export are cocoa, copra—
the dried kernel of the cocoanut—and a little rubber.
If you follow this up by writing to the Commerce
Department in Washington you will get right on to
the ground floor in the way of island information.

             Kia Ora (native for good luck!)!

Big Game in the Arctic

      GOOD hunting off the coast of
      Siberia:

  Request:—“I am interested in Arctic life and
nunting in the North and if you will answer the
questions below, you can help me a lot.

  I am most interested in seals and polar bears.
So will limit my questions to these two species.

  Are there any seals and polar bears in Northern
Siberia? If so, where?

  Are there any laws prohibiting the hunting of said
animals?

  What would you include in your pack for an
expedition lasting four or five months?

  Any other information would be appreciated.”—
Byron Ogle, DeSoto, Mo.

  Reply, by Mr. Oliver:—There are hair seals all
along the north coast of Siberia, skins can be pur-
chased for about twenty-five cents in trade, they

are rather hard to kill, all you have for a target is
the seal’s head above water. Polar bears are always
found on the ice floes and are hard to kill, because
they are so wary. The islands north of Siberia
between Chaun Bay and The Kolyma are reputed to
be so thick with polar bears that it is dangerous for
a man to go there.

  A four or five months trip into the Arctic would
mean in the summer and you would need nothing
outside of ordinary clothes because the sun shines
twenty-four hours a day, so you will be plenty warm.

  Why don’t you take a trip from Nome along the
north coast? You could also include walrus, they
are lots of sport and their tusks would help pay
expenses, it takes a big game rifle to kill them.

  The only law I know against killing any of the
above animals is that you must not kill walrus on
the beach; it is one of the native superstitions, but
is respected and enforced by the authorities.

The Opossum’s Diet

A MARSUPIAL with a taste for
young chicken:

  Request:—“Right here is where I learn something
—or, rather, unlearn something that I thought I had
learned a good many years ago.

  In the December 30th number of Adventure there
is a copy of a letter from you to Mr. Jas. A. Hale, of
El Paso, in which you refer to the opossum as “a
meat-eating animal.”

  A good many years ago my brother and I were, as
all kids are, prone to make a pet of every kind of
animal we could lay hands on. Among these un-
fortunate victims was a young ’possum and that
fellow, all the time we had him, would eat any kind
of vegetable, cooked or raw, also any kind of fruit,
but he wouldn’t touch meat either cooked or raw.

  My “Brittanica” refers to this particular species—
as nearly as I can figure it—as Didelphys marsupialis,
and says that they eat insects. Maybe they do; we
never tried our ’possum on insects.

  Now then, what was the matter with our victim?
I have hunted a good deal in various parts of Texas
and have seen a number of ’possums and they seem
to be the same kind we had in our country as kids;
that is, in eastern Kansas.

  And here is an extra stamp or so to make up for
those some other people fail to enclose.”—H. R.
Laudermilk.

  Reply, by Mr. Whiteaker:—If you had had as
many hen nests, young chickens and hens also de-
stroyed by opossums as I have had you would not
deny the fact that opossums eat flesh. Something
must be left out of your “Brittanica” about the
opossum. Look again or consult some book of
Natural History. You’ll find a great deal more
about the opossum than you mentioned in your
letter to me, The opossum was the first marsupial
animal known.

  These animals abound in the warmer parts of
North America. Its form is robust, its head very
large, its color dull white; its fur long, fine, and
wooly, thickly interspersed with longer coarse white
hairs, except on the head and some of the upper
parts, where the hair is short and close. The tail
is not quite so long as the body. It lives much in
forests and among branches of trees, to which it
usually retreats to devour its prey, twining its tail
around a branch for security.
Adventure

  Many a time have we gone ’possum hunting in the
late fall about the first frost. They are very fond
of persimmons and you can usually find one or more
in one of these trees after a frost. The frost ripens
the persimmons and cause them to fall to the ground.
With a good ’possum dog one can bag as many as
three or four in a night. ’Possum and sweet pota-
toes make a fine dish for some but I am not par-
ticularly fond of it myself.

  Its food consists of small quadrupeds and reptiles,
birds’ eggs, and insects; also fruits and the juicy
parts of plants. It is easily tamed but its odor
makes it an unpleasant pet. It often visits poultry
yards, and is cunning in its quest of prey. It feigns
death under very trying circumstances, often being
kicked and beaten, or shook by a dog without a sign
of life; the true state of the affair can be ascertained
though by throwing it into water.

  The female sometimes produce as many as six-
teen at a birth; the young when born are blind,
naked and shapeless, weighing about a grain each;
they do not leave the pouch until they are about the
size of a mouse. Indian women often weave the
hair of the opossum into garters and girdles and sell
them to tourists.

  Thanks for the extra stamp. It will come in
handy for quite a number of my correspondents
forget to enclose postage. Glad that you wrote and
come again sometime. Always glad to get letters
from readers of Adventure. If there is anything else
that you wish to know about the territory that I
am covering for Adventure do not hesitate to write.

 Automobiling in Colombia

IT CAN’T be done, but the scenery’s
grand:

  Request:—“If I may presume, it seems to me that
we are ‘brothers under our skins.’ Knew a fellow
named John Parr, extra gang-foreman and all round
track man, on the construction of the United Verde
Extension road and Smelter in Arizona, who knew
you on the S. P. construction in Mexico.

  My Old Man had a contract on the same con-
struction from Orendain to Tequila, that is, a por-
tion from this side of Amatitan to the other side.
I’ve been in Guatemala for some three years and
heard of you there, but can’t recollect just who it was.

  I was with the International Railways of Central
America until a few months after the death of Mr.
A. Clark of Mexican National Railways fame. My
father came out of Mexico with the revolution, was
on the Northwestern of Mexico construction in 1910.
Since 1914 he has been Superintendent of the 4-C
Railway at Cananea, Sonora, Mexico, and for three
years prior to the war I was Trainmaster there.

  Both of us are T. T. T.’s. I guess I’m an irre-
concilable. The boss is taking a long rest, and we
have talked each other into making an extended
tour of South America. He’s a veteran automobile
tourist and camper, having made yearly trips to
California and the Northwest; and if it is at all
practicable we’ll take a machine—a Dodge Special,
which is the burro of automotive transportation.
So after having tried to get on your good side, in
true Latin fashion, I’ll attempt to get something out
of you.

  How about the following, if consistent:

Roads in Colombia and Chile? When does the
winter set in down there and is it severe enough to

hamper overland transportation? Somewhere I
have gathered the impression that the summer in
the U. S. is winter down there and that it gets pretty
cold. Up in the highlands, I imagine there must
be a lot of snow. You can set me right on this, if
you please.

  Is there a transcontinental road from Chile to
the Argentine? Would there be much red tape in
getting a transient automobile in and out of the
countries? Between the U. S. and Mexico you
simply drive across. Mexican or American license
is sufficient.

  The roads proposition is what worries me, and
I certainly would appreciate it if you would help us
decide whether the expense involved could be offset
by the trips we would be able to make. Naturally,
we want to cover all points of interest, and expecially
mining camps, and it would be ridiculous to go to the
expense of taking a machine and having to pay rent
for storage somewhere and take to horses to get to
our destination.

  Thank you in advance for your courtssy in this
connection.”—Jno. V. Boyce, Houston, Texas.

  Reply, by Mr. Young:—Thanks for the compli-
ment. I do seem to recognize the brotherhood exist-
ing between you and me. We have quaffed of the
dreamer’s wine, hit the pipe that makes romantic
thoughts bubble in the brain, taken a shot in the
arm from the same needle that makes us see the
joke of existence. Land of the Lotus. Land of
the burning sun; Land of lazy-eyed senoritas,
cheap booze, easy jobs, non-energetic people to
stalk big among. If it wasn’t for the malaria, the
pesky mosquitoes, the dysentery, the fleas and lice—
but why spoil the picture?

  Roads in Colombia you ask me? Non-existent.
No can do with an auto. A hard trail is best. Man,
the mud and grades are terrific when the trail is
any wider than a path. And steep “all same” house
roof. There is hardly enough level road in the whole
republic to burn a gallon of gas on.

  In Chili there are a couple of roads. Much dust—
half a foot deep—on the southern one. The Trans-
andean is very rough. One fellow, the Buick agent
in Buenos Aires, made it across after much hardship.
They had to blast down rocks, rebuild bridges, and
sling the car down with ropes in places. I imagine
it cost him considerable to make the trip but he was,
of course, repaid in the consequent advertising.

  Argentine has plenty of level going and that is
about the only country a man can get around a bit
with a car. Some of the other countries have them
but only for use in the large cities. This is the case
with Brazil.

  It can be done from Texas to Mexico City. Pos-
sibly from there down to Cordoba. A thousand to
one shot of being able to fetch Guatemala City and
thence to Salvador. It can’t be done any farther.
Honduras has one good road but there is nothing
connecting with it from the north. Nicaragua,
Costa Rica, Panama, Colombia, Ecuador, all the
others in fact from there south to Argentine are
absolutely impossible with a car.

  Winter down there in South America is on the
other side of the year. They have some rather
cold Augusts in southern Chili. The best way, and
almost the only one, is to arrive by steamer, ride the
native railroads and travel by mule or on foot, then
take another steamer. You need have no fear of
having them kick when you drive over the border in
Lost Trails

191

the auto. Man there is no actual record of any
white man having walked across from Panama into
Colombia. A few have made it on a hard trail from
Colombia to Ecuador. Two T. T. T.’s made it on
foot from Ecuador to Peru and what they saw almost
set up a war—Peruvian Rubber Slavery Inquiry was
started by them. There is a hundred thousand
square miles of unknown country on the upper Bra-
zilian border most of it covered with water for long
periods during the year. No, sir, sorry, but it’s
hopeless.

      Leper Island
      GOOD place to avoid:

  Request:—“Where can I obtain information of the
Government Leprosy Island?

Where does a person apply for a position as

guard?

What is the term of enlistment, also the salary?
Are guards held until examined for leprosy after
enlistment expires?

What are the requirements or regulations to fill

 the position?

I	have a friend who was a water-tender in the
Navy during the war, has an honorable discharge,
and believes he wants the position. Would thank
you for any information.”—Geo. M. Fisher, Butte,
Mont.

Reply, by Mr. Halton:—There are no guards em-
ployed at Molokai (Leper Island) and you are one
of the many ex-service men who have been hoaxed
regarding the good jobs to be had there. Sorry.

josF Trails

  Note—We offer this department of the “Camp-Fire” free of charge to those
of our readers who wish to get in touch again with old friends or acquaintances
from whom the years have separated them. For the benefit of the friend you
seek, give your own name if possible. All inquiries along this line, unless con-
taining contrary instructions, will be considered as intended for publication in
full with inquirer’s name, in this department, at our discretion. We reserve
the right in case inquirer refuses his name, to substitute any numbers or other
names, to reject any item that seems to us unsuitable, and to use our discre-
tion in all matters pertaining to this department. Give also your owa full ad-
dress. We will, however, forward mail through this office, assuming no respon-
sibility therefor. We have arranged with the Montreal Star to give additional
publication in their “Missing Relative Column,” weekly and daily editions, to
any of our inquiries for persons last heard of in Canada. Except in case of rel-
atives, inquiries from one sex to the other are barred.

UNCLAIMED mall is held by Adventure for the
following persons, who may obtain it by
sending us present address and proof of identity.

ATKINS, E. E. S. Jr.; Allen, Mabel; Ashby, George;
** Bayless, Dorothy; Banks, Jimmie; Bennett, Thomas
T.; Brady, Patrick; Blum, M. A.; Buchanan, James;
Breath, Hastlar Gal.; Bieker, Mrs. Berna; Crafts, H. A.;
Chrisholm, Byron; Cardie, Sinn; Caney, Jack; Cuttriss,
C. A.; Certelli, Fatima; Crafts, L. S.; Currie, Mildred;
Colwell, L. Margaret; Coxey, Willard; Christian, Happy;
Dowson, Edward; JDanziger, Adolphe; Denk, Ernest;
Duncan, D. C.; Duplanti, Izora; Doran, E. Fj Edwards,
Henry A.; Emerson, F. S.; Exner, Donald W.; Edgar,
Paul; Frandsen, R. M.; Ferguson, C. C.; GilgiHan, Ruth;
Gaylord, Alfred; Gene, Frenchie; Gray. Laban; Happy,
H.; Hungerford, G. E.; Hilles, Lieut. Wm.; Huntington,

C.	H.; Hurst, Freda; Holston, S. C.; Horn, Charles; HaH,
Kenneth, Earle; Irvin, T. W.; J. M. C.; King, J. D.: Kelly,

D.;	Kimsey, R. W • King, Homer, B.: Kahele, Edward
Augustine; Kleipe, George Ralph; Lyncn, W.; Livingston,
J. K.; LaGlaire, Peter; Loeck, A. J.; Loschik, S. T.- Lee,
A. W.; Letton-Dow, Ann; Marille, Nelson; Matter, James
H.; Miths, B. Radke; Moran, Edward J.; Mosse, James;
Maclllrath, W. R.; Murphy, Elsbeth; Madison, Artell;
McCravey, E. L.; Mennet, Geo.; Major, Max D.; Merritt,
Florence; Morris, Troy- McGinsey, FVed; Moore, Earl;
McCurdy, J. C.; Meaae, Joseph H.- McBlair, Robert;
Maus, Forrest L.; McDonald, Richard H.; Moore, E. V.;
Noble, George; O’Farrel, Patrick; Ober, Bertha; Oangham,
Rosebud Starr; O’Malion, Roy; Pierce, Samuel S.; Parry,
James; Paterson, Robert G.; Paradis, A. B.: Patten,
Lewis E.; Polowe, David; Presler, Phil; Pryai, Charles
L.; Roe, Charles; Robinson, Jack P.* Roberteon, Mrs.
Chester; Rice, Alex.; Roland, Tom; Rhodes, Carrie L.;
Ringer, Robert Derr- Rhodes, M. Benbow; Reid, Allan;
Stillons, George: Scnmidt, Alex. R.: Sprague, T. R.;
Smalley, Jack G.; Sin^lev, Anton; Saidmore, John C.;
Seabury, Ralph; Spaulding, E. D.; Strauch, Hugo; Trekell,
Mrs. Cynthia; Todd, Homer Eps; Tell, William; Trannack,

C.	V. Warner, J. E^ Weston, Edward; Wittell, Chester;
Wilman, Cynthia; Webber, E. C.; Wetzel, Lewis; Wolfe.
John M.

BOWERS, SARAH. Left The Dalles, Oregon, when a

child in 1880 to go to California with a family named
Neats and Neats’ father-in-law, Adams. Any information
will be greatly appreciated by her brother—O. C. Bowers,
423 West 6 Street, The Dallas, Oregon.

BOWDEN, LAURENCE WARREN. Age sixteen.

Was last heard of at Calgary. Alberta, Canada. Was
with a stacking man there. Believed to have headed toward
British Columbia. His brother would like to hear from
him. Address—Alpiieus J. Bowden, Burke, Idaho.

ATKINSON, F. D. Last heard of in September, 1924,
when he was employed by Childs Cafe. 238 Superior
Ave., Cleveland, Ohio. Blue eyes, red wavy hair, straight
nose, two deep lines across forehead, two deep lines between
eyes, weight about 160 lbs., age 27 years. Any information
will be appreciated by his wife.—Address Mrs. F. D.
Atkinson, Gen. Del., Cincinnati, Ohio.

PATDO ALEJANDRO. Last heard of in San Francisco,
Calif., about 1915. Said to have an American wife,
two children at that time. Native of Bacolar, Pampango
Prov., stout, color brown, good teeth. Left Manila
Transport Thomas, 190a. Age 40 years. Any information
will be appreciated by kis mother.—Address P. Gassman,
Gen. Del. Manila, P. I.

INGLE, HORACE. Bom March 11, 1891, in Knoxville,
* Tenn. Last heard of in Kansas City, Mo., in 1912.
Any information will be appreciated by his brother.—
Address Charles W. Ingle, Livermore, Calif.

SO. L. Will any members of the A. E. F. who were
• initiated into the S. O. L. during 1919. in the Paris
Leave Area, be good enough to communicate with W. H.
van Allen, 28 Brimer St., Boston, Mass.

ZWINGE, HENRY J. Please write to your sister for
important news to yeur advantage.—Address Mrs.

F.	T. Giblin, 24 Hobson St., Brighton, Mass.

  Please notify us at once when you have found
your man.
192

Adventure

ES. J. Formerly with Camp-Fire station No. 96.

•	Please write to J. Cox, care of Adventure.

\/ESPER, PVT. OTTO. U. S. M. A., Ser. Dept., West
y Point, N. Y. Age 25 years, weight 170 lbs., 5 feet 11
inches tall, light blue eyes, light hair. Last heard of in
the State of Washington. Any information will be appre-
ciated.—Address U. O. Cumming, The Old Colony Club,
8 E. 34th St., New York City.

  Please notify us at once when you have found
your man.

/^•LARKE, CORPORAL. Last seen U. S. Marine Bar-
racks, Portsmouth, Virginia, in 1912. Any information
will be appreciated.—Address R. B. Pinchin, Kati Kati,
Bay of Plenty, New Zealand.

W/HITE, DAN. U. S. Marine. Last seen Guantanamo
Bay, Cuba in 1913. Any information will be appre-
ciated.—Address R. B. Pinchin, Kati Kati, Bay of Plenty,
New Zealand.

ANDERSON, HAROLD. Bom in Halifax, N. S.

   Served in war with 5 7th Battalion, Australian Imperial
Forces. Demobed France 1919, and proceeded to Cali-
fornia. Any information will be appreciated.—Address

H.	O. C. Littlechild, Port Moresby, Papua, via Sydney,
Australia.

  Please notify us at once when you have found
your man.

HAPPY DAVIS, JOHNNY LISSE, JACK “SHEIK”
POLLOCK and HARRY BLACKMAN. Old Mobile
pals let's hear from you.—Address Al. Farago, R. M. i—C.
U. S. N.—U. S. Naval Radio Station, Guantanamo Bay,
Cuba.

THE following have been Inquired for In either

*	the June 10 or June 30, 1925 issues of Ad-
venture. They can get the name and address of
the inquirer from this magazine.

D ALDRIDGE, CAPT.; Bell, Harry; Beyersdorfer,
I-* Albert G.; Boston, Charles C.; Bowden, Laurence
Warren; Bowers, Sarah; Brendle, John; Campbell, Robert;
Carkeek, Charles; Carter, Henry B.; Daley, John F.;
Daugherty, John: Duffield, Harry; Flack, Isaac M.;
France, James; Gibbs, Everett; Haas, H.; LaChapelle,
Ensebe; McCalmont, Margaret; McLoughlin, Peter;
McTumal, James; Moore, George W.; Grenak, Tom:
Padgett, Jennings A.; Ranee, Andrews; Renard, Claud ana
Irven; Rhodes, C. D.; Settle, Samuel -.Stafford, J.; Tallman,
George; Tarbell, Elliott; Thompson, W. T.; Tucker, Loren-
zo; Walker, Red; Williams, Thomas R.; Wilson, Oliver;
Worthington, Pvt. Albert Edward; C. F. E.; Ex-Marines
of 7th Co.; Munroe; T. O.; W. C. N.; W. Charles.

THE TRAIL AHEAD

JULY 30TH ISSUE

Besides the complete novel and the complete novelette

mentioned on the second contents page of this issue, the next
Adventure will bring you the following stories:

THE BIRD OF FORTUNE	Rolf Bennett

Alan LeMay

 Albert William Stone

 S. B. H. Hurst

THE BIRD OF FORTUNE

Few knew his value.

TOP HORSE FROM HOGJAW

Horse-training rivals.

THE PARSON AND THE INDIAN

Not many cowboys are humanitarians.

THE MUTINY

What! Bibles on board?

THE KILLER, THE KING AND THE WISE MAN

Old Marcel sought to know the future.	Nevil Hens haw

THE BOLD DRAGOON

A Four-Part Story Part III

The viscount was no soul ef loyalty.

SOUTH OF SARAJEVO

      The Gipsy had an eye for horses.

Leonard H. Nason

 Fred. F. Fleischer

_Q_

_STILL
FART H E
AHEAD

’ The three issues following the next will contain long stories by Farnham Bishop
W. C. Tuttle, J. D. Sweeney, Gordon Young, Talbot Mundy, Gordon MacCreagh,
Charles Victor Fischer, John Webb, W. Townend and H. Bedford-Jones; and short
stories by Bill Adams, Wm. Byron Mowery, E. S. Pladwell, F. St. Mars, Bruce Johns,
Raymond S. Spears, Walter J. Coburn, Fairfax Downey, Leslie MacFarlane, Percy
Charles Chandler, Stanton C. Lapham and others; stories of cowboys on the Western range, filibusters in
Nicaragua, sled dogs in the snow country, skippers on the high seas, gold hunters in California, ancient
Romans in Britain, explorers up the Amazon, gobs with the Pacific, cavalrymen with the A. E. F., Malay
guides in Borneo, bullfighters in Gibraltar, filibusters in Central America, adventurers the world around.
  Kodak as you go

The most precious mementos of any trip are the
Kodak pictures you make. Again and again you’ll
turn to them with ever-increasing pleasure.

All Kodaks are Autographic. You can date and title each
exposure as you make it—an exclusive, Eastman feature.

Autographic Kodaks $6.50 up
Eastman Kodak Company, Rochester, N. Y., The Kodak City
SUCH POPULARITY MUST BE DESERVED
A brilliant race and a colorful crowd to cheer its favorites on !
Much less spectacular perhaps is Chesterfield’s race for sales,
but smokers from coast to coast are backing it by the million.

YALE'HARVARD BOAT RACE— NEW LONDON