3 Complete Novelettes

 Arthur Gilchrist Brodeur
 Georges Surdez
 Charles Victor Fischer
 Alex McLaren
 Hugh Pendexter
 Alan LeMay
 George Bruce Marquis
 F. St. Mars
 Erie D. Hosmer
Look before
you leap!

“Next to
myself
I like

‘B.V.D.’ best”

“B.V.D”
Union Suit

(Patented Features)

Men’s $1.50 the suit
Youths 85c

“B.V.D.”

Shirts and Drawers

85c the garment

Men’s “B.VoD.” Underwear
in Fancy Materials at
Various Prices

The B.V.D. Company, Inc.
New York

Sole Makers of “B.V. D.” Underwear

 “Looking for the label” after you’re
 sorry won’t change it to “B.V.D.”!

 REMEMBER that no underwear without
 _ the red woven “B.V. D.” label is
 “B.V.D.”

 Assure yourself of that Famous Fit, Long
 Wear, and Cool Comfort which have
 kept “B.V.D.” the world’s most popular
 men’s underdress.

 To avoid those underwear “regrets” which
 rise so sharply with the thermometer—

 Get the underwear you ask for!

 Insist upon this red woven label:

MADE FOR THE.

  B.VD.

  BEST RETAIL TRADE

 (Trade Mark Reg USFht Of arid Foreign Gauntries)

849

1925

The B.V. D., Inc.
ADVENTURE

Earn^SO to s200a Week

  in RADIO

PAY INCREASES
OVER $100 A MONTH

I am aver-

course,

(Signed) A. N. Long,

Greensburg, Pa.

DOUBLES SALARY

I can very
easily make
double ths
amount of
money now
than before I
enrolled with
you. Your
course has
benefited me
a p p r o x i -
mately 53000
over and abova what I would
have earned had I not taken
it.

T. WINDER,

Grand Junction, Colo.

   You can! Hundreds of ambitious men are already
 earning thousands of dollars in this wonderful new
 industry—you, too, can get your share. Mail cou-
 pon below for Free Book which describes fully
 the amazing money making opportunities in Radio
 and tells how YOU can earn from $5,000 to over
 $10,000 a year.

The Xational Radio Institute is one of America's Pioneer Radio
Schools—established in 1914. Our course is an absolutely
complete one which qualifies for a government first-class com-
mercial license. It gets you the bigger paying jobs in Radio.

  Send for FREE BOOK

   Learn more about this tremendous new field and its remark-
able opportunities. Learn how you can quickly become a radio
expert and make big money in Radio.

   We have just prepared a new 32-page booklet which gives a
thorough outline of the field of Radio—and describes our
amazing practical training in
detail. This Free Book, “Rich
Rewards in Radio,” will be sent
to you without the slightest obli-
gation. Mail coupon for it ncnv!

   For a short time we are offer-
ing a reduced rate to those who
enroll at once. Act promptly and
save money.

National Radio Institute

Dept. 17 DB Washington, D. C.

  NATIONAL RADIO INSTITUTE
  Dept. 17 DB Washington, D. C.

I Please send me without the slightest obligation your F*-ee
, Book. 'Rich Rewards in Radio.” and full details of your spec ial
Free Employment Service. Please write plainly.

City..............................state .

THE astounding growth of Radio has created thou-
sands of big money opportunities Millions of dol-
lars were spent during the past year 011 Radio, and thou-
sands of young men are needed right now to meet the
ever increasing demand of work.

  Men are needed to build, sell and install Radio sets—
to design, test, repair—as radio engineers and executives
—as operators at land stations and on ships traveling the
world over—as operators at the hundreds of broadcasting
stations. And these are just a few of the wonderful op-
portunities.

 Easy to Learn Radio
 at Home in Spare Time

  No matter if you know nothing about Radio now, you
can quickly become a radio expert, by our marvelous
new method of practical instruction—instruction which
includes all the material for building the latest up-to-date
radio apparatus.

  Scores of young men who have taken our course are already
earning from $75 to $200 a week. Merle Wetzel of Chicago
Heights, 111., advanced from lineman to Radio Engineer, in-
creasing his salary 100% even while taking our course! Emmett
Welch, right after finishing his training started earning $300 a
month and expenses. Another graduate is now an operator of
a broadcasting station PWX of Havana, Cuba, and earns $250
a month. Still another graduate, only 16 years old, is averaging
$70 a week in a radio store.

Wonderful

Opportunities

  Hardly a week goes by
without our receiving ur-
gent calls for our gradu-
ates. “We need the ser-
vices of a competent Radio
Engineer” — “We want
men with executive ability
in addition to radio knowl-
edge to become our local
managers”—“We require
the services of several resi-
dent demonstrators” —
these are just a few small
indications of the great
variety of opportunities
open to our graduates.

  Take advantage of our
practical training and the
unusual conditions in Radio
to step into a big paving
position in this wonderful
new field. Radio offers
you more money than you
probably ever dreamed
possible — fascinating easy
work—a chance to travel
and see the world if you
care to or to take any one
of the many radio posi-
tions all around you at
home. And Radio offers
you a glorious future!

ADVENTURE	Published three times a month by The Ridg-wav Company at Spring: and Macdougal Sts., New York.	Volume

T -2n*U 1QOC	N- Y’ Yearly subscription $6.00 in advance: single copy 25 cents. Entered as second-class

June iUtn, 1VZ!>	matter Oct. 1, 1910, at the post-office at New York, N. Y., under the act of March 3, 1879,	Number 3
ADVENTURE

Stamp out Typhoid!

IF only we had known! ”
Over and over again these
words of helpless self-re-
proach echo in the hearts of
those whose loved ones were
taken from them by diseases
now known to be preventable.

 Perhaps in your own circle some
 one was stricken with typhoid
 fever—that sinister disease
 which comes without warning
 and strikes with deadly force,
 which spares neither rich nor
 poor, high nor low, young nor
 old, which so often leaves its
 victims physically bankrupt and
 subject to other ailments.

DANGER!

 Typhoid fever is a disease of
 filth caused by a germ that is
 taken into the body through the
 mouth. The germ is conveyed
 into the intestines where it rap'
 idly multiplies, sets up inflam'
 mation and creates a poison that
 floods the body. Sewage-con-
 taminated water, unclean milk,
 shell-fish from polluted water,
 uncooked vegetables, house flies
 -—all of these may carry typhoid.

 That is why it is so important
 that rigid supervision of water,

 ■milk and food supplies be main-
 tained in every section of our country. There
 need never be another epidemic of typhoid fever.
 Science has bestowed a wonderful blessing in of-
 fering protection from typhoid. This merciless
 disease can be made as rare as yellow fever. In-

 THIS is the sort of thing that may
 mean typhoid fever for the whole
 family—a satisfying drink of cold,
 sparkling water that came from no*
 one-knows-where !

 It is never safe to drink from any
 wayside streams or strange wells.
 Typhoid inoculation offers immunity
 to most people for two or three years,
 but to be absolutely safe, unknown
 water must be boiled.

 Inoculation also tends to protect you
 from the danger of contracting typhoid
 right in your own home. In many
 cities the Health Department gives
 such inoculations free*

 Household helpers who are ‘‘typhoid
 carriers” have been known to infect
 entire families.

 Inoculation against typhoid has no
 relation to vaccinations for smallpox
 and diphtheria. It is an added health
 protection.

 oculation by means of a simple
 injection of vaccine under the
 skin will in most cases prevent
 typhoid. The injection is re-
 peated at intervals of a week
 until three treatments have been
 given. No scar is left. In the rare
 cases where typhoid is con-
 tracted, even after inoculation,
 this protection makes the siege
 much less severe.

 Campers, hikers, vacationists and
 all persons who are traveling, as
 well as those who regularly eat
 in public places should be the
 first to be inoculated against
 typhoid.

 It is true that at times people
 who are exposed to typhoid do
 not contract it. They are tem-
 porarily immune. But it is never
 safe to take immunity
 for granted. Be inocu- -
 lated and advise others
 to protect them-

                selves. Could you
 ever excuse your-
 self had you ad-
 vised a friend
 against inocula-
 tion who subse-
 quently contracted
 the disease? Make an appointment
 with your doctor for yourself and
 all your family. Avoid danger so
 far as possible regarding what you
 eat and drink.

 Typhoid fever kills one out of every ten persons
 who have it. Those who recover are left in such
 a weakened condition that for three years follow-
 ing, the death rate among such persons is twice
 the normal rate.

 Wherever cities protect their drinking supply
 from sewage or purify the water by chlorination
 the death-rate from typhoid drops. A marked
 reduction also takes place in communities where
 milk and food supplies are carefully protected and
 food handlers thoroughly inspected.

 The value of typhoid inoculation was proved

 during the World War. Inoculation of our four
 million men was compulsory. In France and in
 our training camps at home there was practically
 no typhoid in our ranks.

 Contrast this with the records of the Spanish-
 American War. There one out of every five con-
 tracted the disease.

 The Metropolitan Life Insurance Company will
 be glad to mail its booklet, “The Conquest of
 Typhoid Fever” to all who are interested in
 stamping out this disease.

HALEY FISKE, President.

Published by

METROPOLITAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY-NEW YORK

Biggest in the World, More Assets, More Policyholders, More Insurance in force,More new Insurance eachyear

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
Published Three Times a Month by The Ridgway Company

J. H. GANNON. President	C. H. HOLMES, Secretary and Treasurer

Spring and Macdougal Streets - - New York, N. Y.

6, Henrietta St., Covent Garden, London, W. C., England

 Entered as Second-Class Matter. October 1. 1910. at the	adtuitd citi i ivamt unrruiv P ...__

 Post-Office at Netv York. N. Y.. under the Act of March 3. 1879.	ARTHUR SULLIVANT HOFFMAN, Editor

Yearly Subscription, $6.00 in Advance	Single Copy, Twenty-Five Cents

Foreign Postage, $3.00 additional. Canadian Postage, 90 cents.

 Trade-Mark Registered; Copyright, 1925, by The Ridgway Company in the United States and Great Britain. Entered at

Stationers’ Hall, London, England.

 The editor assumes no risk for manuscripts and illustrations submitted to this magazine, but he will use ail due care while

they are in his hands.

Contents for June 30th, 1925, Issue

The Figurehead A Complete Novelette ..... Georges Surdez	1

      Sudan—he was built for show only, but the blacks liked him.

“How’s She Loggin’?” Verse......Charles Nicholls Webb	48

Terlegaphy and the Bronc.......Alan LeMay	49

      West—only one bullet left and the herd thundering toward him.

A Mystery Man He &.6pt His Sccvct	Eugene Cunningham	56

The Pursuit..................George Bruce Marquis	57

      North Country—never interrupt an Indian policeman’s meal.

The Goodly Company Verse......Ad. B. Schuster	65

The Corruption of Deacon Munden A Complete Novelette	Charles Victor Fischer	66

      Guam—his target was the button.

Ten Minutes.........Erie D. Hosmer	79

      Honduras—something black moved outside the screen.

The Borgias Errors of Legend......F. R. Buckley	82

Pards A Five-Part Story Part IV .....	Hugh Pendexter	83

      Colorado, 1862—Goss meets the man who swore to kill him.

 Occasionally one of our stories will be called an Off-the-Trail" story, a warning that it is in some way different from the
 usual magazine stories, perhaps a little different, perhaps a good deal. It may violate a canon of literature or a custom of maga-
 zines, or merely be different from the type usually found in this magazine. The difference may lie in unusual theme, material,
 ending, or manner of telling. No question of relative merit is involved.

(Continued on next page)

3
(Continued from preceding page)

Steam Piracy Modern Methods ....
Wolves of the Sea.......

Blue Water—even the seals could not swim fast enough.

The Setting of Sunrise......

Gold Country—the greenhorn isn’t always green.

Vengeance A Complete Novelette .....

Gothland—the sons of Volsimg bled for it.

 R. W. Knight
 F. St. Mart

 Alex. McLaren

 Arthur Gilchrist Brodeur

 116

 117

 123

 132

 174

 181

 181

 181

 182

The Camp-Fire A free-to-all meeting-place for readers, writers and adventurers .

Camp-Fire Stations............

Old Songs That Men Have Sung.........

Various Practical Services Free to Any Reader.......

Ask Adventure.............

      A free question and answer service bureau of information on outdoor life and activities every-
      where. Comprising seventy geographical sub-divisions, with special section on Radio, Min-
      ing and Prospecting, Weapons, Fishing, Forestry, Aviation, Army Matters, North American
      Anthropology, Health on the Trail, Railroading, Herpetology and Entomology.

Lost Trails	..............191

The Trail Ahead...............192

Headings...............R. Tandler

Cover Design.............Jl. W. Schlaikjer

A New Serial and Three Complete Novelettes

Photograph by Bachrach

LEONARD H. NASON

T JVGH BANCROFT of Ligoniers needed a horse. Now
/ / getting what he wanted was a habit of Hugh's though
all the Austrian forces should say him nay. Hugh
got his horse, and other things he hadn’t bargained for. The
first instalment of Leonard H. Nason’s new serial, “THE
HOL'D DRAGOON,” dealing with the War of the Austrian
Secession, will be in the next issue.

'\\^HEN Luther Fox set out to get a man he let nothing
' stand in his way, but he made a mistake when he tried
to use Shorty Carroway and Tad Ladd in his underhanded plans.
“PAID OFF,” a complete novelette of the cattle country, by
Walter J. Coburn, is in the next issue.

TfLEPHANT JOE’S mandolin was enough to content the
gang of South Sea beachcombers until the lure of wealth
and Sydney pubs led them into Dutch territory. “THE
KING OF THE BEACHCOMBERS” is a complete novelette
by Frederick Moore in the next issue.

      VOTING Stevens wondered who the strangely dressed youth leading the revolutionists was. He
      ■*- found out, and to his sorrow. “EL CARCEL,” a complete novelette by John Murray Rey-
      nolds, will appear in the next issue.

Other stories in the next issue are forecast on the last page of this one

   Adventure is out on the 10th, 20th and 30th of each month

4
ADVENTURE

5

Your

Million Dollar Face

    /TpHE high-priced faces aren’t all in
    Hollywood. Would you take a
    million dollars for yours?

      Until you start using Mennen Shav-
    ing Cream you won’t be treating that
    face of yours in a manner befitting its
    value. It has taken ten years to per-
    fect Mennen’s, but your skin will know
    the difference in three minutes.

      The razor blade will cut the whisk-
    ers as close as a Scotchman, and your
    face won’t realize it’s being shaved.
    That’s because Mennen dermutation
    (absolute beard softening) takes all the
    fight out of whiskers.

       If you’re addicted to the rub-in habit,
    or a secret slave of hot towels, Men-
    nen’s will emancipate you. If you don’t
    make Mennen’s a life-long friend after
    a week’s use, the price of the tube is on
    me. 50 cents at druggist’s.

11111

    The perfect shave is topped off with
    Mennen Talcum for Men—a real man’s
    talcum in scent and color.
    Blends with he-hide and does
    not show! 4/...

25c buys

 it. (Menne

 <Mennen Salesman)

M^nnsn

SHduin<5

“ There’s One Man
We’re Going to Keep”

   “Ed Wilson, there, is one of the most ambi-
 tious men in the plant. I notice that he never
 fools away his spare time. He studies his
 International Correspondence Schools Course
 every chance he gets.

   “It’s been the making- of him, too. He hasn’t
 been here nearly so long as Tom Downey, who
 was laid off yesterday, but he knows ten times
 as much about this business.

   “I’m going to give him Tom’s job at a raise
 in salary. He’s the kind of man we want
 around here.”

 HOW do you stand in your shop or office? Are you an Ed
     Wilson or a Tom Downey? Are you going up? Or down?

   No matter where you live, the International Correspon-
 dence Schools will come to you. No matter what your handi-
 caps or how small your means, we have a plan to meet your
 circumstances. No matter how limited your previous educa-
 tion, the simply-written, wonderfully-illustrated I. C. S. text-
 books make it easy to learn.

   This is all we ask: Without cost, without obligating your-
 self in any way, put it up to us to prove how we can help
 you. Just mark and mail this coupon.

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS
Box 20J3-E, Scranton, Penna.

    Without cost or obligation, please tell me how I can qualify for
 the position or in the subject before which I have marked an X:

           BUSINESS

  □	Business Management

  □	Industrial Management

   □	Personnel Organization

  □	Traffic Management

  □	Business Law

  □	Banking and Banking Law

   □Accountancy (including C. P. A.)

   □	Nicholson Cost Accounting

  J Bookkeeping

   □Private Secretary

 USpanish	□ French

      TECHNICAL AND
  Electrical Engineering
  Electric Lighting
  Mechanical Engineer
  Mechanical Draftsman
  Machine Shop Practice
  Railroad Positions
  Gas Engine Operating
  Civil Engineer
  Surveying and Mapping
  Metallurgy
  Steam Engineering
  Radio

  TRAINING COURSES

         □	Salesmanship

         □	Advertising

         □	Better Letters

□	Show Card Lettering

         □	Stenography and Typing

   □	Business English

         □	Civil Service

         □	Railway Mail Clerk
         □Common School Subjects

□	High School Subjects

         □	illustrating □ Cartooning
  INDUSTRIAL COURSES

         □	Architect

         □	Architects' Blue Prints

□	Contractor and Builder

         □	Architectural Draftsman

     □	Concrete Builder

□	Structural Engineer

        □	Chemistry □ Pharmacy

    □	Automobile Work

    □	Airplane Engines

         □	Navigation

         □	Agriculture and Poultry

         □	Mathematics

 Street

 Address..

 City..

..State..

Occupation.........................................................................

Persons residing in Canada should send this coupon to the Interna-
tional Correspondence Schools Canadian, Limited, Montreal, Canada.

 Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
6

ADVENTURE

WAIT

!

♦

  — before you eat another mouthful!

       Do you know all about your digestive tract? Are you eating
       the right amount of fruits, vegetables, meat, water, etc.? What
       about sweets—what happens when you eat too many? What
       foods leave the stomach quickly; what foods stay? When you
       know and observe these facts you will enjoy better health than
       you have ever known! Where will you get this information ? In

The New BUTTERICK COOK BOOK

       A very wonderful book in which you find an answer to every
       possible question on food.

Some Well-Balanced
Menus in The New
Butterick Cook Book

-Breakfast-

SLICED PEACHES
HAM OMELET
GRAHAM BISCUITS
COFFEE
MILK

-Luncheon-

SPAGHETTI WITH
TOMATO SAUCE
WALDORF SALAD
BROWN BREAD
SANDWICHES
MILK	TEA

-Dinner-

BROILED STEAK
MASHED POTATOES
ASPARAGUS SALAD
ROLLS BUTTER
GRAPE CONSERVE
CHOCOLATE
PUDDING

The New Butterick Cook Book

Was revised, enlarged and the recipes tested
under the direction of MarthaVan Rensselaer
and Flora Rose, directors of the NewY ork State
College of Home Economics at Cornell Uni-
versity. Miss Van Rensselaer is Editor of the
Home-Making Department of The Delineator.

The New BUTTERICK COOK BOOK
Simple as a primer; complete as an encyclopedia

ON SALE AT ALL BOOKSTORES AND BUTTERICK
PATTERN COUNTERS OR—SEND DIRECT

Clip This Coupon, Mail TO-DAY!

Butterick Publishing Company	Dept. X-I

    Butterick Building, New York

    Please send me a copy of The New Butterick
Cook Book for which I will pay the postman only
$2.50 for the book, plus postage ($2.65 prepaid),
when it is delivered to me. My understanding
is that I may return this book after 5 days and
have my money refunded if I am not fully satisfied.

Name........................................

Street and No.................................

City.....................State................

     In Canada send coupon to Butterick Publishing Co.,

468 Wellington St., W., Toronto, Can.

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting yoi;r dealer.
ADVENTURE

7

     Ideal SummerVacations A

KermudA

Only 2 Days fromNQwYork^L
8 Day Tours—$90 and up

Including all Expenses. Longer Tours in Proportion
Bermuda is Cool in Summer

Average Summer Temperature 77 degrees

All Outdoor Sports

Sailing, Bathing, Golf, Tennis, Crystal Caves, Sea Gardens, etc.
No Passports Required
SAILINGS TWICE WEEKLY

Via Palatial, Twin-Screw, Oil-Burning Transatlantic Liners

S. S. “Fort Victoria” and
S. S. “Fort St. George”

4 Delightful Yachting Cruises (No Freight)

Leaving New York July 11-25, Aug. 8-22

Via Palatial, Twin-Screw

S. S. “FORT HAMILTON”

Stopping One Day (each way) at Halifax and Two Days at
Quebec. Magnificent Scenery, Smooth Water, Cool Weather,
Orchestra for Dancing

For Illustrated Booklets on Bermuda or Canadian Cruise write

FURNESS BERMUDA LINE

34 Whitehall St., N. Y., or any Local Tourist Agent

lour Turn Next

 Men are to-day making more profit-
 able use of their spare time—formerly
 wasted—by acting as local represen-
 tatives of Adventure.

 Would you like an extra $5, $10 or
 $15 a month?

 Clip, sign and mail the coupon be-
 low and we will immediately tell you
 how you can join our happy band of
 Adventure money-makers. Do it now!

 Manager, Staff Agencies,

 Box 5014, Spring and Macdougal Sts.,
 New York City

Name.................................

Street.................................

City.....................State.........

13 Wks

 Be Light, Heat, Power, Automotive Electrical
 Something	Education

 Actual Materia!, Motors, Machinery To Learn With. GetOur
 Great FREE Picture Catalog. Address Room 685.

 School of Engineering of Milwaukee, Milwaukee, Wis.

A

Direct

 from the

Maker

5?WOO

 f Mdown

 America’s greatest
 Watch value sent you
 for only $1.00 down!
 _ The balance in easy
 monthly payments. The famous 21-
 Jewel Studebaker Watch—

Insured For a Lifetime!

  You may choose from 54 new Art Beauty Cases
  and 8 handsome dial designs. 8 adjustments
  —to the second—tor heat, cold, isochronism and
  5 positions. Sold direct from the maker at lowest
  prices ever named for equal quality. Mail
  coupon today for Free Book and Special Offer.

Watch Chain FREE

                  For a limited time, we are offering
                  a beautiful Watch Chain FREE.
                  Write now while this offer lasts.

WRTTF for book

A MmJ Mail the Coupon

   Send at once and get a copy of this book—FREE 1 See
   the newest, beautiful advance styles in Studebaker
   Art Beauty Cases and Dials. Read how you can buy
   a 21-Jewel Studebaker Insured Watch direct from the
   maker—save big money —and pay for it in easy
   monthly payments. Get Free Chain offer while it
   lasts. Mail coupon today.

Studebaker Watch Co.

I Dept. M21 South Bend, Indiana

Canadian Address: Windsor, Ontario

I
I
I

L;

 STUDEBAKER WATCH CO.

  Dept. M21, South Bend, Indiana

  Gentlemen : Please send me your Free Book of
  Advance Watch Styles and particulars of your $1.00
  down offer.

 Name

 City.

 *1
 I
 I

 I

J

 Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
8

ADVENTURE

eAdventures
in

Jfealth

Letters typical of thousands
telling of the amazing power
of one simple fresh food

NOT a “cure-all,” not a medicine in any
sense—Fleischmann’s Yeast is simply
a remarkable fresh food.

   The millions of tiny active yeast plants
in every cake invigorate the whole system.
They aid digestion—clear the skin—banish
the poisons of constipation. Where cathar-
tics give only temporary relief, yeast
strengthens the intestinal muscles and
makes them healthy and active. And day
by day it releases new stores of energy.

   Eat two or three cakes a day before meals:
on crackers—in fruit juices or milk—or just
plain. For constipation especially, dissolve one
cake in hot water (not scalding) night and morning.
Buy several cakes at a time—they will keep
fresh in a cool dry place for two or three days.
All grocers have Fleischmamfs Yeast. Start eat-
ing it today!

   And let us send you a free copy of our latest
booklet on Yeast for Health. Health Research
Dept. Z-17, The Fleischmann Company, 701
Washington Street, New York.

“In March, 1923, I had what I supposed was a nervous
breakdown. I was restless and irritable. I had headaches
and dizzy spells. I began to use Fleischmann’s Yeast. Grad-
ually my ills disappeared—I became regular, and discon-
tinued the use of cathartics. My energy returned—and :n
four or five months I was my former self. Not only have I
regained my health, but my color and my general appear-
ance have been improved.”

Mrs. Margaret Ade Sweeney, Roxbury, Mass.

There are many delicious ways of eating yeast
—dissolved in water, fruit juices or milk, spread
on crackers, or eaten plain.

“I am a hostess at a hotel and not a day passes that someone
doesn’t ask me how I manage to be up late at night and out in
the sun every day and still keep my skin so clear and fair and
my eyes so bright. My answer is Fleischmann’s Yeast. Years
of intestinal indigestion had brought me to the point where I
determined I’d stick at it until I got relief. Three cakes of yeast
dissolved in water became a daily rite. In three months I had
the results I wanted—relief from indigestion, gas and chronic
constipation.” Mrs. Gertrude W. Hood, Mount Lowe, Calif.

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
Author of “Sudanese Trails,” “The Tool of Allah," etc.

of Kita.

kAOUL FAREL passed through
the arched gateway and en-
tered the spacious opening be-
tween the inner and outer walls
Before him, the crowd moved back
respectfully.

  “I sakhoma, m’phal”

  “M’ aharbal” Farel replied. The greet-
ing, the quick answer, seemed as familiar to
him as French.

  Makam Tiaba, who had just spoken,
saluted, stretched his hand in indication.

  “Thou hast come to see the bearers,
Lieutenant?” he asked. “They are here.”
Preceding the sergeant, Farel approached
a group of men, sixty or more, squatting in a
semicircle before smoldering fires. Makam
Tiaba had recruited them personally. They
were not the untrustworthy forced laborers

Copyright, 1925, by The Ridgway Company in the

  of the average expedition, but free men,
  carefully selected, and attracted by Farel’s
  prestige.

  “Wouli!” ordered Tiaba. “Arise!”

  The bearers obeyed. Farel greeted them
  in a few words. They chorused their an-
  swer, and the oldest of the number ex-
  pressed delight at this chance to serve him.
  Farel inspected them from head to foot,
  each in turn. Tiaba had made a good
  choice, not a man could be rejected.

  “Good, Tiaba, good men.”

  “They wish to know when thou wilt
  leave,” the sergeant stated.

  “Tomorrow at dawn. Are the Tirail-
  leurs ready, also?”

  “Yes, Lieutenant. I show thee.”

   Tiaba led the way.

   The soft red glow of the brief sunset fell

Uniled Slates and Great Britain. All rights reserved.	1
2

Adventure

upon the town, the straw-roofed huts
huddled within the white walls of clay and
masonry, walls punctuated every hundred
yards by squat massive watch towers.
Looming over the whole, the glistening tiles
of the central building of the French fort
held the light. On either side the rugged
flanks of rust-colored mountains loomed to
the purplish sky, crisscrossed by a magnifi-
cent patchwork of blue-black shadows.
Raoul Farel was again swept by the stark,
raw beauty of Kita.

  The swarming blacks, in gaudy garments,
moved Mke ants on a disturbed hill; the lithe
women, wrapped in gaily striped boubous,
bulky burdens on their heads and fat babies
astride their hips, unexpected highlights in
their rounded shoulders, shoulders almost
as muscular as those of the men; the stately
strut of a wealthy trader; occasionally, the
broad, blue-clad shoulders of a Tirailleur of
the garrison, pushing his way through the
throng, grinning face under the red chechia
—all these formed many minute pictures,
when the eye, tired of immensity, sought
detail.

  Colors, smells, sounds, an orgy of sensa-
tions assailing at one time all the senses.
The feel of the elastic turf underfoot. The
voices of the crowd swelling into a cataract
of noise, pierced by the shriller wails of the
peddlers, as the roar of the torrent is punc-
tured by the splash of drops.

  The mighty fascination of Africa was still
strong upon Farel, as strong as on the day he
had landed in Dakar, three years before.
The old lure, the longing for the hot and
brilliant sun persisted unabated. Men said
that the air was miasmatic, the climate
debilitating. Air and climate were tonic to
him. The knowledge that tomorrow he
would plunge deeper into the heart of the
Sudan thrilled him anew.

  He glanced at his hands, tanned, hairy.
They appeared too powerful, too capable
to be his. Arriving in the Sudan in his
twenty-third year, he had grown an inch in
height and had gained pounds in weight.
Between Kayes and Kita he had found him-
self. His nebulous ideas had become fixed
into a fanatical love for the country. Farel
loved the Sudan as men love women.

  Dimly he imagined that he had lived in
Africa before, in some bygone age. How
else explain his feeling that he had never
really lived until he had stepped on the soil?
The scenes, the customs, the languages,

never struck him with surprize. Why did
the sonorous syllables of the dialects ring in
his ears with the tantalizing, elusive sound
of tongues once well known and merely for-
gotten?

  His Tirailleurs, their minds unclouded,
perhaps, by the sceptical teachings of civili-
zation, expressed aloud what he had vaguely
believed—

  “Thou art one of us, Lieutenant, though
Allah granted thee a white skin.”

  He did not resent this assimilation by an
inferior race. Aware of his white blood, he
was nevertheless proud of his grip on his
negro followers. He was glad of their loy-
alty and approval.

  He now found his Tirailleurs in line for
inspection, eighty-five picked men. Arms
and equipment were in perfect condition.

  Good men and reliable, recruited from the
same group of villages, all were more or less
related by those complicated ramifications
of relationship fully understood only by the
blacks. Farel had learned that men bom
in the same village could supply more effort
than a heterogeneous aggregation composed
of different races. To distinguish them at
roll call he had been compelled to number
them. Makam Tiaba the sergeant, an-
swered to “Tiaba Number One.” The
seven other Tiabas in the unit bore other
numbers. For practical use this scant
company was worth more than three outfits
of the same size.

  “Everything is well,” declared Farel in
conclusion. “Tomorrow we start for
Boure.”

  Boure, the Land of Gold, the richest
province in the Sudan where, even with the
primitive methods of the natives, Samory
had formerly collected a yearly tribute of
one hundred thousand francs in gold dust
on the yield of the placers. Boure, the
fertile land on the banks of the Niger—
Dialiba, the “Great River” of the Malinkes.

  France was at peace with Samory, Em-
peror of the Ouasoulou, who called himself
almany, chief of the Malinkes, Com-
mander of the Faithful. Farel, no more
than any one else, was deceived by this
temporary truce. The issue must be
settled. Either Samory must be removed
from his throne, or the French must aban-
don their conquest. There was no room
for two masters, and Samory intended to
remain master in fact as well as in name.
Farel knew that the negro leader was but
The Figurehead

biding his time to obtain modern rifles from
Sierra Leone. There, the Rolland Com-
pany, and the West African Coal Com-
pany waxed rich selling him weapons.

  But there was little likelihood that
Samory would be ready for an attack on the
French before Farel’s return to Kita at the
start of the rainy season. Arms and am-
munition must be transported on foot from
the seacoast to Bissandougou, capitol of the
Ouasoulou.

   Officially, Farel’s mission was topograph-
ical. He was to check the map drawn by
Major Delaneau a few years previously, the
chart of the network of trails that pass by
Kita toward the Niger. The lieutenant had
a solid reputation in that line of work.

  Like many officers in the service, Farel
had a hobby, a passion. His special “hug”
was ethnography, the study of races. A
dozen articles had been published under his
name in the Reme Coloniale and had met
with appreciation from the few specialists.
In the Boure Farel expected to learn much.
He was taking several Malinke interpreters,
well-educated men, as education is esteemed
in the region. They knew the traditions,
the legends of the tribes Farel would come in
contact with. Through them the lieuten-
ant hoped to be able to reconstruct the
shadowy history of the blacks.

WHEN he reentered his room to
conclude his packing, his “boy”
handed him two letters.

  “Orderly bring ’em; says they
came today from Kayes.”

   Official envelops from headquarters; Farel
regarded them dubiously. Orders before
departure might mean that his trip was can-
celed, and the prospect of a monotonous stay
in garrison before him. This would not be
the first time an officer was halted at the last
moment. His careful plans, necessitated by
the movement of nearly two hundred men
through a savage land would go for nothing.

  He opened the first envelop.

  “I knew it!” he exclaimed, adding unflat-
tering remarks about the meddlesome fools
responsible for the delay. The paper was
an order to postpone his departure until
further notice.

  Farel passed to the second message, hop-
ing to find a permit to go ahead, a contra-
diction of the first. It was a letter from
Combeau, the colonel commanding the
French forces in the Sudan.

3

My dear Farel:

  You have received an order to remain in Kita.
At the last minute I decided to give you a com-
panion—two months on the trail alone is not good
for any man. You may go ahead as soon as be
reaches Kita.

  “Probably wishing some ass on me,”
Fare! grumbled, and then read on.

   You are probably aware that.your official mission
in the Boure is but one reason for your trip. I
think that the legislators in Paris will soon come to
the conclusion that we must either retire from the
field or go ahead. I do not doubt but that the sec-
ond course will be decided upon. Then our columns
must advance through the very territory you will
cover. I want a careful report of conditions south
of Niagassola. I want to know in advance the atti-
tude of the village chiefs toward us. It will be
valuable to know where our friends are, and where
Samory’s friends remain loyal to him.

  Your knowledge of natives, your ability to speak
the common dialects, the prestige of your military
record in the last campaigns, all assure me that I
could not have made a better choice. A few judi-
cious promises, tactful handling of the leaders, will
pave the way for us, and save lives.

  Your companion has been highly recommended
to me. He seems alert, intelligent. Although your
equal in rank, I have made it perfectly clear to him
that he will be under your orders. Permit me to
tell you that I am prompted by the thought that he
could not have a better mentor than yourself in this
land. The petty bickerings that occasionally arise
between commanders are impossible between you,
as he was a classmate of yours at Saint-Cyr. You
remember him no doubt, Gustave Champdor.

Best of luck. Cordially,

G. Combeau.

  Champdor! He recalled a large, noisy,
blond fellow. Flunked regularly in mathe-
matics at Saint-Cyr, the military academy.
Popular with a certain set, rather dull-
witted on serious matters, Champdor prided
himself on being intellectual. Old military
family, maternal uncle a general, his father
some sort of secretary in the war ministry;
rumor said that Champdor had passed
through school mainly on outside pull. A
nice chap to take along!

  “There goes my enjoyment,” concluded
Farel, tossing the letters on the table.

  He wondered whether Combeau had not
given in under pressure from Champdor’s
high-placed protectors, and assigned the
new man to the Boure Mission to give him a
chance to distinguish himself at Farel’s ex-
pense.

  Farel had a momentary impulse to spring
out, order Tirailleurs and bearers on the
trail, and disappear before Champdor’s
arrival. He might have carried out this
4

Adventure

scheme had he been dealing with any one
but Combeau. Past performance, good
character would weigh nothing in the bal-
ance it Farel went against orders.

  He sat before his table in blank dismay
until he was summoned to the mess-room
for the evening meal. The three officers

composing the staff of the Kita garrison
chaffed him about his downcast appearance,
and he found it difficult to refrain from giv-
ing vent to legitimate indignation.

  “I’m getting a new man,” he announced.
“Recent arrival.”

  The others regarded him in pity.

  “Well, that’s life. We must take the
bad with the good,” was offered as con-
solation.

  He spent a bad night.

SHORTLY before noon Champ-
dor arrived.

  The newcomer’s genuine joy at
being with a former classmate,
his ready smile, for the moment dispelled
Farel’s premonitions. Champdor apolo-
gized for the delay he had occasioned, and
wished to start out immediately. Farel
protested that a day’s rest was necessary so
that he might recover from the long trip
from Kayes.

 “I presume you think I’m a -

nuisance,” Champdor declared. “I don’t
fit in. Green, you know.”

  “Forget it, we all have to start.” Farel
cut him short. “I’m glad it’s you instead of
some one else. But what brought you out
here? I thought you had entered the line
infantry?”

  “I did. Good little hole, too. Regular
comic-opera garrison—major with a funny
wife—but my father demanded my transfer

to the naval infantry. You knowr he
thinks that it’s the place for quick pro-
motion.”

  “Many are under that delusion,” Farel
admitted drily. “You find it pretty dull
out here, eh?”

  “Well,” Champdor pondered, “I can’t
exactly say that. It’s interesting—the
blacks, you know. But a chap soon be-
comes tired of it, don’t you think?”

  “At times,” Farel agreed.

  They walked from the fort to inspect the
Tirailleurs. Farel was curious to see what
impression Champdor would make upon
them.

  “What sort of a hole are we going to?”

  “Boure territory. Natives call it the
‘land of gold.’ ” He smiled. “The right
place for you—suits your name.”

  Champdor, in French, means “gold field.”
Champdor’s sense of humor reacted favor-
ably. He laughed loudly.

  “That’s a good one, Farel, a good one!
Say, I hear you’re getting educated down
here. I saw one of your articles.”

  “Bits of information I pick up here and
there.”

  Champdor rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

  “That’s right,” he said.

  Before the Tiraitteurs, Champdor came to
a halt.

  “That your sergeant?” He indicated
Makam Tiaba, dominating the line. “Looks
strong. Those queer marks on his face
make him seem savage.”

  Makam Tiaba, good Bambara, bore the
tribal marks, the broad scars, three on each
cheek from corner of eye to corner of mouth.
The truth was these scars created a mask
far from reassuring even in repose. Farel
chuckled when he imagined Champdor’s
comment should he ever see Makam in ac-
tion. Also he wondered what the new
white man’s reaction would be when, know-
ing the black better, he would discover the
tenderness of feeling hidden beneath the
fierce front.

  “They all look good,” commented
Champdor.

  “They’ll do,” Farel admitted.

  Champdor, timidly as child handing an
orange to an elephant, circled the big
Bambara. Makam Tiaba, abashed by the
scrutiny, remained as if hewed from black
marble. Finally Champdor addressed him
in his precise French. Tiaba, deeply em-
barrassed by his failure to understand,
The Figurehead

5

looked helplessly at Farel who, taking pity
on both, translated.

  “Use few words, simplify your language,”
he advised Champdor. He gave a few
commonplace expressions in illustration.
“Try them now.”

  Champdor, with a sheepish grin, obeyed.
Makam, relieved, answered. Champdor
passed on to others.

  Farel, who knew every reaction of his
men, was bewildered. One and all, from
Makam Tiaba, sergeant, to Samadin, the
“little elephant,” diminutive private, the
soldiers appeared to like Champdor. Mak-
am removed the last doubt.

  “He good white man.”

  The stamp of approval was placed on
Champdor by the most exacting member of
the company! A thing for which white
men sometimes worked for years without at-
taining it. Farel could not understand.
Stories that had floated about in the class-
rooms at Saint-Cyr came to his mind.
Champdor was the possessor of a weird
charm. Not being subject to it himself,
he had disbelieved. And now came the
proof.

  “Catch nice hair,” went on Makam, sen-
timentally, referring to Champdor.

  “The-if I thought Tiaba inclined to

the appreciation of manly beauty!” thought
Farel.

  Interested in spite of himself he regarded
Champdor with attention. Tall, slim of
waist, broad of shoulder, his behavior was
that of a man in good physical condition.
His body was that of an athlete. Naturally,
to men who associated courage with
strength and size, Champdor, with his great
stature, his tremendous vitality, seemed
heroic.

  “Catch good eyes, too,” Makam, mistak-
ing silence for approval was adding to his
reasons for liking Champdor.

  Nice hair, nice eyes—Farel began to
understand. Champdor was an unusual
type to negroes. His extreme blondness,
his fresh, rosy skin and lilac-blue eyes, fas-
cinated the men. If Farel had not shied at
the word applied to a man, Champdor
might be called beautiful. The lieutenant
realized that his own dusky, tanned face
could not cause the admiration that the
resplendant pigmentation of his friend
occasioned.

  Champdor was returning from the end of
the line, smiling.

  “Queer fellows. I like them, though.
Primitive, of course.” He paused abruptly.
“Say, Farel, what could I do to—to—in a
way—celebrate my arrival? I want them
to like me, you understand?”

  “If you have any spare cash, buy them
some extra food. Two or three lambs, kola
nuts. It’s not necessary, or even cus-
tomary, but if you care to-”

  “Sure, I care to!” Champdor fumbled in
his pockets, drew out a handful of silver,
gave it to Makam Tiaba. “Here, Sergeant,
plenty sheep—eat.”

  Without knowing why, Farel found his
ill humor growing. What a strange devel-
opment! Champdor, the pleasure loving
young man, was quite capable of winning
the affection of the Tirailleurs. Also the
newcomer’s exuberance irked him. He
did not realize that this very exuberance,
the boyish enthusiasm, was the chief cause
of Champdor’s instant leap to popularity.
Childish themselves, given to open mani-
festation of feelings, the Bambaras liked the
lieutenant’s ways.

  In the messroom that night Farel’s won-
der increased.

  Champdor, with his stock of anecdotes
fresh from Paris, his fluent talk of horse
racing, politics and women, his easy wit,
was naturally the center of attention. This
was to be expected. Anything that broke
the monotony was welcome at the post.
But Champdor held more than attention.
He was liked. The sober-faced captain,
who had chronic dysentery and rarely
smiled, now unbent, wrinkled his leathery
cheeks into a grin, and ordered the boys to
bring vintage wine from his private stock.
Yarn followed yarn, laugh followed laugh.

  “You know what Farel tells me?” Champ-
dor announced. “That my name is literally
the name given by the natives to Boure.
Peculiar, eh? A good omen for me.”

  Farel began to wonder why the others
did not resent Champdor’s boisterous
manner.

  Then Champdor reached out his hand,
laid it on Farel’s shoulder, and smiled. His
smile wiped out all trace of resentment in
Farel. He smiled back, frankly.

  “I’m glad that old Farel is the fellow to
help me cut my teeth out here,” Champdor
stated. “He is serious and I’m an ass.
One counterbalances the other.”

  “Not such a bad fellow, Champdor,”
thought Farel.
6

Adventure

SIX weeks later, the two lieuten-
ants arrived in a small village on
the Niger bank.

  Here, as everywhere, they were
received cordially by the dignitaries and the
population. Apparently the presence of
white men in the Boure had lost the shock of
novelty. Chickens, lambs, baskets of fruit
were brought in plenty to the door of the
spacious hut given them as residence by the
elderly loutiguy, village chief. The usual
swarm of children congregated and stared
admiringly from a safe distance.

  Champdor learned to accept this some-
time annoying curiosity as a matter of course.
The big fellow even enjoyed making a spec-
tacle of himself for a juvenile audience, such
as shaving, or brushing his teeth.

  On this day, arriving early in the after-
noon, Farel had said that he would employ
the hours of daylight left him to clear up
his notes, jotted down during the last few
days. He was in high spirits. The mis-
sion was a success. His map would correct
the slight errors made by the preceding
expedition, and he had gathered definite
information on conditions in the Boure.

  Although the last treaty had taken Boure
away from Samory, the chief’s bands still
made trips to the left bank of the Niger to
collect tribute and recruit men for war
service. An occurrence of recent date,
properly handled by the French, would
swing feeling away from the black leader:
Samory had taken several women from a
village for his already crowded harem in
Bissandougou. No doubt feeling secure in
his might, he had neglected to pay for them.
The ethical value of the deed angered no
one, but the financial loss had caused re-
sentment.

  Farel had promised the chief in each of the
villages he had visited that the French
would soon come into the Boure with
Tirailleurs and cannon, and build a fort at
Siguiri, where the best ford across the
Niger was located.

  Having established his work table in the
shade of a convenient tamarind tree, he
watched Champdor disappear, camera in
hand.

  Champdor had shown an artistic taste
that Farel candidly admitted was lacking in
himself. The new lieutenant’s sketches of
native types were not only amusing, but
well executed for an amateur. Farel there-
fore trusted his second with the camera,

hoping thereby to obtain not only valuable
photographic documents but well composed
pictures, a quality not to be scorned. Boy-
ish in this as in other things, Champdor had
gone whole heartedly into his task. On the
journey from Kita to Niagassola across the
red plateau, and from the latter town to the
Niger, Champdor had often taken long ex-
cursions for the sake of a good plate.

  And in this particular village-Farel knew
that Champdor could obtain interesting
views. The picturesque cluster of round
Malinke huts, with the slightly flattened
cones of the roofs, the graceful trees, fig,
tamarind and baobab, the broad expanse
of the Niger visible across the partially
flooded rice plantations, were worth re-
cording.

  For a time Farel worked intently. His
pen traced curves and twists, busily shaded
the hachures indicating altitudes.

  Then, imperceptibly, a sound penetrated
his consciousness, a droning, steady noise,
floating to his ears from far off.

  Tomtoms, he decided. Nothing strange
in tomtoms. They regulated much of
African life, taking the place of church bells
and public criers’ drums. Probably youths
were being initiated into the man-clan in the
forest, or even the news of his arrival was
being transmitted to another town. One-
two, one-two; he found himself absentmind-
edly counting the beats.

  The rhythm assumed a familiar ring,
evoked dim memories. One-two, one-two.
The beat was too monotonous to be a mes-
sage. It was a rallying call. He had
heard the call before—a sharp stroke, space,
two sharp strokes in quick succession.

  From a certain mellow ring in the instru-
ment, the fact that it resounded clearly al-
though evidently at a great distance, Farel
concluded that a very large instrument was
in use. Bigger than the average village
tomtom.

  One-two, a quick beat, space and two
more-

  He should know the call. When the
hordes of Samory had marched on Bamako,
the days and nights were punctuated by
the pulse of the tomtom.

  “Fabou!” he told himself.

  Fabou’s tomtom, with its constant, un-
changing, one-two rythm. A war tomtom
—Fabou’s signal, he could not mistake it.
Fabou was on the right bank of the river,
less than five miles away.
The Figurehead

7

  Not a pleasant neighbor, Fabou, but safe
enough now, when Samory was at peace
with the French. He, Fabou, was prob-
ably gathering his men for an expedition
against some unruly village. Farel breathed
more easily when he reached this con-
clusion.

  An hour went by.

  Then Makam Tiaba, who had been squat-
ting on his heels some yards away, resting
after the morning march, stood up,
stretched, and came forward. He settled
himself again, nearer, and looked at his
chief expectantly. Tiaba evidently wished
to talk, and had thus announced his inten-
tion. He usually ^avoided disturbing Farel
when he worked.

  “What dost thou want, Tiaba?” the
officer questioned, without looking up.

  “Thou dost hear nothing?” demanded
the sergeant cautiously.

  “The tomtom?”

  “Yes. I don’t like tomtoms.”

  Farel looked up. Tiaba was not easily
perturbed, and if he did not like the tom-
toms, he had a valid reason.

  “Why?”

  “Three tomtoms there. Each tomtom
is tomtom of one batiguy—chief of one
thousand men.”

  “I hear only one,” Farel said.

“Fabou’s-”

  “We blacks have ears for tomtoms.
There is one near, two more far. The one
thou dost hear is truly Fabou’s. The next
is Tekouba’s. The last one N’Golo.”
Fabou, Tekouba, N’Golo, three names
known wherever Samory was known. The
first was his brother, the second the leader
of his riders, and the third, N’Golo, was a
former sergeant of Tirailleurs, who had
taken service with Samory after his dis-
charge. In vain Farel tried to catch the
sound of the two tomtoms he had not iden-
tified. But blacks have ears for tomtoms
that no white man can equal.

  “Makam Tiaba, dost thou think that the
tomtoms threaten us?”

  “Yes. Why should there be so many
warriors across the river?”

  “Samory is our friend,” Farel objected.
“Samory is no man’s friend. He made
peace, but what can be done can be undone.
Didst thou not hear that he had punished
his own father for disobeying him? If
Fabou, Malinkamory, Ibrahima, or any
other of his sons and brothers disobeyed

him, would he hesitate to kill him? See,
thou hast come within short reach of him
and he will attack.”

  “We’ll see, Tiaba.”

“I do not speak because I fear,” Tiaba
added, “but I believe you should know that
the Somonos have been summoned with
their canoes to Fabou’s side of the stream.”
“True?”

  Tiaba wordlessly spat in the dust. He
had spoken the truth and scorned to an-
swer an implied doubt.

  This last information meant much to
Farel. The Somonos were the masters of
the Niger. They never paid tribute to any
one, and were left at peace by all to pursue
their trade of fishing, on the sole condition
that they ferry travelers across the river
when required. They would take Fabou
and his men to the left bank as cheerfully
as they would have transported Farel.
They accomplished their work, for the
sake of retaining their immunity in time
of war, regardless of the purpose of their
employers.

  Farel invited Tiaba’s opinion—

  “Will they come tonight?”

  “No. There will not be enough canoes
to take everybody across tonight. All day
tomorrow they will cross. Fabou has
learned perhaps that thou and the other
lieutenant will stay here until tomorrow
noon.”

  For a time Farel was silent. Then he
ordered:

  “Double the sentries tonight, Tiaba.
Give out extra cartridges, one hundred to a
man.” As an afterthought he added,
“Send a man to tell Lieutenant Champdor
I must talk with him.”

  Tiaba left.

  Champdor arrived almost immediately,
and was soon informed of what had oc-
curred.

  “You’d better get some sleep this after-
noon,” Farel suggested. “You’ll be leav-
ing on the trail at eleven.”

  “What’s the idea?” Champdor asked in
surprize. “I understand there’s danger,
but what’s the purpose of my leaving alone?
It would be best for both of us to go. We
could get a good lead by morning.”

  “There’s a little matter of tact in ques-
tion. We’ve announced to the chief that
we would stay until tomorrow noon.”

  “Yes, but I don’t see-”

  “I have promised him protection, if he
8

Adventure

comes out openly for us. And I have or-
ders from Combeau to leave a good impres-
sion. If I leave in a hurry, at the mere
sound of Fabou’s tomtom— Do you
see?”

  “I admit it would look bad.”

  “Fabou will not be here until tomorrow,
well into the day. By that time I will have
left, at my own stated time. A little thing,
of course, but it means a lot to these people,
who are watching me closely.”

  He worked with his pencil for a few sec-
onds, then went on:

  “You’ll take the bearers, all the impedi-
menta, and march five*miles away. There
you’ll wait for me. In case I should be
caught here, I don’t want a lot of useless
men with me. You take one section, I keep
the other.” He handed Champdor the
paper he had just noted. “Here’s a sketch
of the vicinity. It’s crude, but it gives
the necessary indication. You’re to wait
here—” he marked the spot heavily—“until
I join you.”

  Champdor glanced at the map doubt-
fully.

  “Say, Farel, did it ever occur to you that
if he lands here before noon, he may come
straight up the trail and attack me, leaving
you to finish off later?”

  “Forty Tirailleurs are not to be despised.
I’ll join you if I hear firing. In any case, it
is scarcely likely. Fabou will butt the
nearest thing—me. He doesn’t like me.
We’ve met before. In fact, given his choice
between my head and yours, he’d take mine.
I’ve decided, Champdor: I stick here un-
til noon.”

  Champdor, thrusting his thumbs in his
belt, paced up and down rapidly, then
halted bruskly before the table.

  “Say, I think it’s crazy, this petty matter
of pride. Is it compatible with your re-
sponsibility as mission commander to
jeopardize everything like this? My advice
would be to go tonight, together, and gain
Niagassola. We’d be better there behind
walls with the garrison, than out here—and
of more service.”

  Farel, surprized, looked intently at
Champdor. The smile was gone and the
rosy complexion with it. The lieutenant
was quite pale. Farel could not refrain
from asking:

  “Are you sure, Champdor, that your
question of utility to the nation is your
chief concern? Or our—your—fate?”

  “I, I don’t know,” Champdor replied
weakly. “Am I to understand that you

think—that you accuse me of-”

  “I accuse you of nothing, old man,” Farel
declared steadily. “You leap at con-
clusions. I can see you’re nervous, that’s
all. Don’t fret. Fabou’ll attack me first,
and if you hold the place I’ve assigned, I’ll
be all right.”

  Champdor, obviously wishing to retrieve
his unfortunate remark, grew bolder.

  “Look here,” he said warmly. “I’ll obey
your orders, I know my place—but I don’t
see why I shouldn’t share the full risks,
right here with you.”

  “The chief cause of confusion in a hasty
retreat, is never the soldiers, but the bear-
ers. You’ll help me most by keeping them
out of the way.”

  “I won’t be sorry to see a little excite-
ment,” Champdor declared airily. “The
trip was interesting from your view-point
but that’s not what we soldiers were intend-
ed for.”

  “There’ll be plenty of excitement,” as-
sured Farel.

  Champdor wheeled on one heel, with an
attempt at his former exuberance, and
went into the hut presumably to prepare his
belongings. Farel stared after him quiz-
zically, then shrugged.

  “Champdor, my friend,” he concluded.
“You have shrunken a little. Let’s hope
you don’t burst like a bubble.”

ON THE other side of the Niger,
Samory’s men were gathering.

  The huge tomtom, emblematic
of high command, stood at the
side of the trail, on a rise of ground domi-
nating the surrounding fields. Squat,
obese, formidable in spite of the primitive
ornaments of brass and leather, the gaudily
decorated sides vibrated with the blows of
the black in charge, summoning the Faithful
to haste.

  The cohorts of Fabou overflowed the nar-
row road, spilled into the plantations.
Yellow boubous, crossed by the scarlet scarf
supporting the short saber, baggy trousers
of blue fastened around the ankles, red,
black or yellow caps drawn tightly on the
woolly skulls, the warriors streamed by in an
endless flow toward the river bank.

  The murmur of voices, the shuffling of
naked feet in the red dust, were dominated
by sharp words of command, by the peculiar
The Figurehead

9

squeal of the war-horns. Many of the rifles
were new, recently arrived from the coast.
The pouches slung from each man’s shoulder
were crammed with cartridges. Never in
the history of the Sudan had such an in-
spired, well-equipped army taken the field.
Perhaps El Hadj Omar, the Tukuleur, at
the height of his power when the negroes
still believed in him and his voice fired men
to self sacrifice, had brought together more
men. But.they had not been armed with
breach-loading rifles. And these men of
Fabou, of Tekouba, of N’Golo, were merely
an advance guard. Samory was coming
up from Bissandougou with twice as many.

  Behind the pulsing tomtom, well out of
reach of the choking dust, a picturesque
group of riders had halted in the shade of
the trees.

  Astride a black horse, several feet away
from the others, a man looked on the war-
riors, impassively. He wore a snowy-white
boubou, gold embroidered, which draped
over voluminous trousers of dark cloth and
high, leather boots. Against the white
cloth hanging from the turban, the face
stood out, clear as an engraving. A fine-
featured face, light-brown in color. High
forehead, well-shaped nose, firm Ups, a scant
beard lengthening the chin. More than any
of his followers, he revealed the strain of
Berber blood.

  Remaining motionless, a majestic figure,
palm on the hilt of his saber, he seemed a
materialization from the mystical tales of
Sudanese tradition, another Diawara, wield-
ing the magic sword of Mekka.

  He was Fabou, brother of Samory.

  Before the coming of the French, Fabou’s
name had been synonymous with victory.
The Tirailleurs, led by their French officers,
had changed this, had thrown him from the
pedestal of glory. He had been defeated,
by forces not one-tenth as strong as his
own. Once, at Oueyako, he had thought
himself victorious, only to be smashed by
one of the deceptive moves familiar to the
newcomers.

  Fabou felt that his defeat had been due
to inferior armament. What could he hope
to do against rifles and field guns, with noth-
ing save percussion rifles and trade muskets,
but little less dangerous to the men who
handled them than to the enemy? Some
said, even within his hearing, that the fault
was his, that he could not cope with the
French because they were better warriors.

Much depended on his showing in the at-
tack on the morrow. If he failed Samory
would probably remove him from high
command.

  But Fabou was confident that he would
not fail, that he would initiate the next cam-
paign with a success, throw, as a defiance,
the heads of two Frenchmen into Com-
beau’s teeth.

  He had a vision of a triumphant march to
Kita, then to Kayes. Negores who had ac-
cepted French rule through force of circum-
stance would arise and follow him. He
smiled. Perhaps within him lurked the
ambition to take Samory’s place. If he
won over the dreaded invaders, no dream
was too great.

  He turned in the saddle, called N’Golo,
the former Tirailleur, a great black, whose
boubou was decorated with amulets.

  “Who leads the Tirailleurs camped across
the Dialiba?”

  “A chief with two braids, whom thou dost
know—Far-Eli.”

  “Spies inform me there is another white
man with him. Who is he?”

  “No one knows. He was not with the
French when I fought with them. He must
be newly come from the islands.”

   It was the general belief in the Sudan that
the French inhabited a group of islands off
the north coast of Africa. They were also
thought to be few in number, and their
reason for African invasion to obtain blacks
to work for them.

  “I know Far-Eli,” Fabou admitted mus-
ingly. “I have seen him. I am glad it is
he whose head will fall.”

  N’Golo’s teeth flashed in the crimson
mouth.

  “He has not fallen yet, Fabou, my Mas-
ter! Far-Eli is a good warrior. So is
Makam Tiaba, whom I also know. And,
being white, the other chief with two braids
must be brave.”

  Fabou’s lips twitched. Evidently N’Golo
did not please him with his too ready grin.
“Tekouba!” he called.

  Tekouba detached himself from the
group, and drawing near waited respectfully.
A sort of giant, with ebony skin and coarse
face.

   “I have chosen thee to attack first in the
morning,” Fabou informed him. “Pick
good followers.”

  “It will be done, Master.”

  Fabou waved both men back, and re-
*0.

Adventure

sumed his contemplation. The dust rose
higher. From the south, more warriors
were coming. They filled the road as far
as the eye could see in every direction, and
their quick pattering was cadenced by the
tomtoms.

THAT night, the chief of the vil-
lage invited the white men to at-
tend a dance, given by the youth-
ful element, in the central place.
Champdor, who was to leave quietly at
eleven, was requested by Farel to attend,
and not to give signs of impatience, or reveal
in any manner his intended departure.
It was an absolute certainty that among
the inhabitants several spies watched their
every move. And Farel intended Champ-
dor’s maneuver to remain secret.

  Farel and his second sat on the veranda
of the chief’s hut, a rudimentary veranda
formed by the projection of the roof. As in
the average Malinke village, an enormous
cotton tree grew in the center of the open
place. Huge fires had been lighted. Al-
though never quite a fire worshipper, the
African loves light. Due to the quality of
the wood used, the flames assumed a green-
ish hue at the root, swelled redly, and ended
in a marvelous flowering of golden tongues,
twisting against the darkness with beauti-
ful, unforeseen designs.

  What might be termed the orchestra was
installed on the edge of the illuminated
circle. And to Farel, whose ears from long
acquaintance, were attuned to primitive
music, the medley did not sound unpleasant.
Champdor, after listening, admitted his
surprize.

  “It has a weird charm,” he declared.
“Sounds like nothing I have ever heard,
should grate on my nerves, and yet doesn’t.
I don’t even find it ridiculous.”

  There were, of course, tomtoms. There
were two balas, zilophones from which the
musicians coaxed deep mellow notes that
rippled and cascaded with haunting melody.
The native guitar, the cora, was represented.
The Malinke flute, the Foula clarinet, piped
shrill notes. It was not a confused medley,
but a well-ordered performance, with every
instrument filling in its appointed part.

  At times, the tomtoms would dwindle to
a faint drone, and the clear note of the flute
lifted and voiced the soul of the village-
loving black. Farel, half closing his eyes,
could recall the pastures in the hills, where

the stolid Pheul leads his herds to graze
and betrays his loneliness with the sound of
the flute, as have pastoral tribes in other
lands.

  The theme shifted, and the Bambara
horn, made of an elephant tusk, would glint
in the ruddy light, and warlike squeals
would ring, echo, while the young men
greeted the call with loud shouts. Sole
means of expression of a poetic race, this
barbarous music held all the characteristics
that make up the black: The depression,
the sudden hilarity, the drowsy moments,
the fierce rise of fighting lust.

  The married women, in a circle, clapped
their hands, and the girls danced, according
to their interpretation, grotesquely or grace-
fully.

  Champdor, preoccupied, laid his hand on
Farel’s shoulder.

  “Do they know what will happen to-
morrow?”

  “Yes.’’

  “Their village may suffer.”

  “All the more reason why they should
enjoy themselves tonight.” Farel paused.
Then, from his store of recollection, dug up
a tale for Champdor’s distraction. He felt
that the lieutenant was not happy, was
more than a little lonely, and more than
half frightened. “I have seen men cap-
tured the night before, and women, too,
dancing and singing in the fire light. They
did not know where they were being taken,
what their fate would be. All day long
they had carried tremendous burdens, had
seen their friends and relatives knifed for
lagging. Yet the tomtom brought them on
their feet.”

  “Where was that?”

  “Not far from Kita, during the last cam-
paign. I led a reconnoitering party at
night, and watched the scene from the
bushes. And I wondered if these people
would ever understand us, whether we were
really their superiors-”

  “It is not a proof of intelligence to laugh
when in trouble,” grumbled Champdor,
“or at the prospect of death.”

  “I’m not claiming that it is intelligent,”
mildly corrected Farel. “But if the re-
ligions that we white men believe in are not
created to bring us to a cheerful acceptance
of trouble and death, then I am mad.
These negroes have succeeded, we have not.
Queer thing, Champdor, how extremes meet:
The most learned philosophers are those
The Figurehead

II

who can take their own demise as calmly as
that of any other man. All teachings re-
solve, ultimately, in preparation for death
after scorning the worries of life. Philoso-
phers and Malinke negroes react alike.”

  Champdor, nervously, lighted a cigaret.
Farel watched his face in the brief instant
the glow lasted. Still good looking was
Champdor, but singularly drawn of feature.

  Champdor picked up the conversation.

  “I for one can not see the idea of throwing
away my skin light heartedly. A man is
made to live.”

  “You’ve chosen the wrong profession,”
Farel remarked.

  “Possibly.”

  Farel broke the conversation by turning
to the chief and talking to him in dialect. A
calabash shell, filled with a frothy liquid,
was passed from hand to hand in the group
of elders. A special container had been
handed to the two white men. Farel drank,
and passed it on to Champdor.

  “Not bad. In fact quite strong,” the big
man commented.

  “Dolo, millet beer,” Farel classified.
“Another cause why the natives will be
glad to see Samory go.” Then, as Champ-
dor regarded him questioningly, “Originally
Samory was a fetishist. When he rose to
power he accepted Islam, for the same
reason that Henry IV became converted in
our own county—policy. And, being con-
verted, he declared all his subjects Mos-
lems as well as himself. According to the
Koran, dolo is forbidden in his dominions.
The fetishist, being used to dolo, did not
accept the edict with good grace. So, dolo
was made in secret, and absorbed in secret,
even during Samory’s reign here. Now
that he is gone, and we do not object, they
are making up for lost time. Dolo is harm-
less but creates the taste. I tremble to
think what will occur when the sulfuric
trade gin comes into this land in quantities.”

  Champdor lifted the container to his lips
and took a long draught.

  “Thou wilt see good dancing soon,” the
chief promised Farel.

  The central place had been cleared, and
was revealed bare in the firelight. From
the opposite end of the village a procession
appeared, composed of very young girls,
from seven years to ten. Their supple
bodies, dark brown, glinted like so many
bronze statues. They filed gravely with
short shuffling steps, formed graceful figures,

the line dividing, crossing and recrossing in
an intricate pattern.

  Farel had heard of the dancing girls of
Boure, and was delighted, enthusiastic.

Forgetful of the fact that the next day
would be filled with trouble, he applauded,
clapped his hands, to the delight of the
old leader who was immensely happy that
something in his humble village had touched
the white visitor.

  Even Champdor was interested. Strange-
ly, the fact that he could not speak the
native tongue seemed to make him a fa-
vorite with the chief, who attempted often
to draw him into conversation in broken
French, and laughed at the lieutenant’s
attempt to pronounce Malinke words.

  “Joli, jolil” he declared, slapping himself
on naked thighs. “Pretty, pretty!”

  The dance ended. The chief called one
of the girls to him. There was a great deal
of excited comment among the elders, and
finally the loutiguy addressed the child.
For a moment, it was uncertain whether the
dancer would cry or laugh. Optimism con-
quered and she grinned joyously, then
knelt before the bewildered Champdor.
“What the-”

  “The chief gives her to you as a present,”
explained Farel, with a smile. “Don’t re-
fuse. He’d be offended.”

  Champdor scratched his head in deep
embarrassment.

  “What will I do with her?”

  “The authorities will take her off your
hands. There is an orphanage at Saint
Louis on the coast, where the Sisters are al-
ways happy to take in interesting or unin-
teresting pupils.”

Champdor rubbed his chin thoughtfully.
“I have money enough to take care of her.
I’ll trust her to some negro family in Kayes
instead. She wouldn’t be happy uprooted.”
“She’ll soon be off your hands in any case.
At thirteen or fourteen, she’ll marry.”
“What’s her name?” Champdor inquired.
“Kalogue,” said the chief.

  “White Moon, or Moonlight, if you pre-
fer,” translated Farel.

  Presently he glanced at his watch.

  “Ten o’clock,” he announced, in quick
French. “We better make a pretense at
sleep.”

  And so the Frenchmen arose and took
leave of their hosts.

  “What am I to do with the kid?” won-
dered Champdor.
12

Adventure

  “Take her with you, if you want.” Farel
turned to the child and conversed at some
length. “She says she must visit her
family until morning. I’ll bring her to-
morrow.”

  “Good.”

  They gained the hut and sat in darkness,
waiting for the appointed time.

  In. the meantime, Farel went on to ex-
plain :

  “The place where you’ll stop is a sort
of gorge through which the trail runs. You
could hold out there any length of time
with the number of men at your disposal.
That’s one of the reasons I am sending you
there. Whoever holds that spot, holds the
trail to Niagassola. Naturally, you’re a
trifle worried—a man always is before his
first engagement. But I trust there will be
no trouble.”

  “How will I find the spot at night?”

  “Makam Tiaba knows the way. He was
down here before, with the mission that
signed the treaty with Samory.”

  “Makam Tiaba will be with me?” Champ-
dor asked in a relieved tone.

  “It’s time,” Farel announced soberly.

  They went out, found the bearers and
Tirailleurs asleep, save the sentries, kept
alert by the alert sergeant. They had been
kept in ignorance of Farel’s intent, but
those who were to follow Champdor got up
without grumbling. In a low voice Farel
made the last recommendations to Makam
Tiaba. He wished that it were compatible
with his position as a white man to give the
Bambara precise knowledge of what was to
be done. But that would have been an un-
necessary slight of Champdor.

  So, Farel kept to matters of detail such as
were within Makam Tiaba’s duties as a non-
com. and trusted to Fate that Champdor
would execute the more important items of
the plan.

  Down the gentle declivity leading to the
village place, the fires still burned high, the
orchestra played, and shadowy forms leaped
and twisted. A Tirailleur brought Champ-
dor’s horse, and the lieu tenant mounted.
Quietly Tiaba took the lead, and the de-
tachment slowly moved off, Tirailleurs and
bearers silent according to instructions.

  For more than a mile, Farel accom-
panied, his second. He longed for a more
experienced man to trust, and inwardly
cursed the devious ways of fathers in search
of promotion for their sons.

  At last he halted, offered his hand.

 “Tomorrow, at two-”

  “Tomorrow at two,” Champdor repeated.
  “Good luck,” Farel added.

  “Same to you, and bon couragel” replied
Champdor.

  Farel stood still, and stared after him in
the darkness. The darker bulk of the small
troop faded gradually, disappeared. It
was as if they had vanished toward the
dim stars.

  Good courage, Champdor had advised.
Yes, agreed Farel, good courage was needed.
He, himself, had always found sufficient
reserve to meet situations. Good courage,
if Champdor had it tomorrow, might mean
a successful day.

THE sun was turning the morn-
ing mist over the Niger to light
shreds of pink vapor when Farel
arose.

  Absolute peace reigned over the village.
The tomtoms that had throbbed at intervals
the day before were silent now. Yet a
sense of impending events hung over the
countryside. With satisfaction, Farel no-
ticed that the village was emptied of women
and children, also that the majority of the
men had left. The others were even now
filing out in procession, unhurried, as men
who know the amount of time left them to
accomplish what they wish.

  The chief, pipe between his teeth, ap-
proached Farel.

  “We are going away. The rifles will soon
be speaking around here.”

  “Yes—after I leave it is best that Fabou’s
men find the village emptied. Otherwise
they would say that thou didst fight on my
side, and pillage and kill in reprisal. Dost
know if Fabou has crossed the stream?”
The old man glanced to right and left, as
if he feared a possible listener, who might
report to Samory that he had given infor-
mation. Seeing no one, save the white
man and the Tirailleurs he replied frankly
enough.

  “He has crossed.” He stretched out his
long hand with the knotted fingers and
wrinkled gray-black skin. “He is there,
where the river curves.”

  “How many men with him?”

  “As many as leaves in the trees, men say
who have seen them. They speak, as is
their way, rashly. But a good number,
anyway.”
The Figurehead

13

  “Thank thee, chief. I may perhaps
harm some of the huts facing the enemy.
It will be necessary for defense. I will try
to spare thy village as much as possible.
And will go at noon.”

  “Why should I protest for huts when
thou art risking thy body?” reassured the
chief. “I hope all goes well with thee—
farewell.”

  “Farewell!”

  In fifteen minutes the last inhabitant
had departed. Farel immediately set to
work, loopholing the huts that faced in the
direction of Fabou’s warriors. With three
of the most intelligent soldiers, corporals,
he paced the plain which the attackers
would be compelled to cross, estimated the
distance from tree to tree, and gave in-
structions as to the manipulation of back
sights.

  “Aim always at the knees,” he advised.
“At long range men usually shoot too
high.”

  Then he mounted his horse and, alone,
left the village for the main trail which led
north to Champdor’s position. He wished
to see for himself every incident of the
ground, every twist in the path.

  Pride was not his only motive for await-
ing Fabou. He was not being rash. He
had sufficient experience to know exactly
what he was doing. His detachment of
picked men could be depended upon to
excel Fabou’s warriors in marching and
fighting, burdened as was the native lead-
er’s column with inevitable weaklings. It
is a well-known military axiom that the
pace of a unit is that of its slowest man.
There were no slothful marchers among the
Tirailleurs.

  His apparently overbold inaction of the
night and morning had a purpose. Mili-
tary reports are based on facts, not on pre-
sumption. Morally, Farel was certain that
Fabou was hostile and would attack. Ac-
tually he was supposed to believe that
Samory was carrying out the treaty he had
signed. The first shot would have to be
fired before he could inform Combeau in
Kayes that hostilities had broken out.

  In turn, Combeau could inform the Gov-
ernment. Of late the Chamber of Deputies
in Paris had been loath to vote credits for
the Sudan. The more spectacular expedi-
tions in Indo-China held public attention.
The African conquest was reported to be a
waste of life and money, a mad dream.

National pride would force the hand of the
law-makers. If a French unit was attacked,
the credits would be voted. Moreover
Farel wished to estimate the strength of
Fabou’s forces and the ability of the war-
riors, so that he would be able to state with
authority whether the new rifles made a dif-
ference in the efficiency of Samory’s men.
These details, ascertained now, would save
many lives. The greatest loss in colonial
warfare is felt during that uncertain period
when a European army is testing the worth
of its opponents, learning the more familiar
tactics, the reaction under given circum-
stance. Once a white commander has
learned these details he should be able to re-
duce his losses to a minimum.

  When the French campaigned in Indo-
China, the white officers with the advance
guard were invariably shot down from
ambush. Their men, in trying to save
the bodies from mutilation, suffered great
losses. It was several months before the
order was given that the advance guards
should be exclusively native troopers. The
result was immediate. The loss of white
officers fell to a fourth of what it had for-
merly been. In the Sudan the problems were
different, but equally possible of solution.
And today, Farel would know what new
methods Samory had learned.

   At thirty minutes past ten, the lieutenant
saw the first yellow boubous strung out be-
tween the trees. Through field glasses he
rapidly noticed an improvement in march-
ing order, probably the effect of N’golo’s
teaching. More boubous issued from the
shelter of the trees, until they formed a liv-
ing barrier, their left flank resting on the
river bank, their right on the road.

   Farel lifted a whistle to his lips and blew
a signal. The Tirailleurs entered the huts,
and took their posts at the loopholes.

   In front of them the warriors had halted.
It was now nearly eleven o’clock.

  Riders in white rode up and down their
front, gesturing. Then a group detached
itself and came forward several yards,
knelt. Grayish puffs of smoke edged the
muzzles of their rifles, disappeared. The
bullets went too high to be heard. Farel
scribbled in his notebook, after a last glance
at his watch.

Eleven-Two. Fabou opens fire.

  “Eh, thou,” he addressed the nearest
corporal.
14

Adventure

  “Lieutenant?”

  “When the men over there pass that
tree—” he indicated 4he spot—“the men
will fix rifles—so.”

  He picked up the corporal’s piece and
adjusted the sights. The corporal went
from man to man. Then he returned and
saluted:

  “All ready.”

  Farel lighted a cigaret, and cheek resting
on palm, contemplated the enemy. They
were obviously astonished by the complete
silence from the village. But they grad-
ually neared the danger zone. At last the
first warrior passed the imaginary line.
The corporal grunted an order. The sharp
detonations of the Gras rifles crackled from
hut to hut. No visible damage was done.

  “More care,” urged Farel. “Is there any
hurry, thick-heads?”

  He took the rifle from the nearest man,
rested it on the wall, aimed with exaggerated
deliberation.

  “See that tantiguy—chief of ten, equiva-
lent to a corporal—over there?”

  “Yes, lieutenant.”

  “Tell the men to stop firing until I have
shot him,” Farel ordered.

  The tantiguy was mounted and some
yards in the lead of his squad. Farel lined
his sights with the rider’s knee, pressed the
trigger. For a second he doubted his suc-
cess, then the fellow brought both his hands
to his midrift, bent over the neck of his
horse, and fell into the outstretched arms of
his men. Farel returned the rifle to the
owner.

  “See, it’s easy when care is used.”

IN SPITE of this assurance, the
aim of the Tirailleurs did not
improve until a more reasonable
range was attained. Then, the
hail of lead took effect, and huddled war-
riors dotted the path of the advance. N’golo
had attained one result, protection of an
attacking party by supporting fire. But
against the thick walls of clay, field artil-
lery would have been needed. By mere
accident a few bullets entered the loop-holes,
whined through the huts, and struck dully
against the farther wall.

  Stepping to the safe side of the hut Farel
looked out at the shadows—it lacked but a
few minutes of twelve now. The patient
move forward of Fabou’s men had taken
the best part of an hour. They were now

under cover of strangling bushes, and ob-
viously waiting word for the final rush.
Across the field from their starting point
a single horseman galloped, superbly care-
less of the bullets.

  “Tekouba,” some one announced.

  A little thrill, half expectation, half fear,
could be felt among the Tirailleurs. Tekou-
ba, although involved in Fabou’s defeat,
still inspired respect. His courage was un-
doubted, the fury of his attack a byword.
Probably Fabou had held him back until
the crucial moment, so that he would not
fall before he could be of use.

  Farel again placed the whistle against his
teeth, blew four blasts. And with the lieu-
tenant in the lead, the Tirailleurs filed out
into the back street, passed into the trail.
Farel, not wishing his departure to be
known, and not wishing to offer himself as
a target above the bushes, walked, while his
orderly led his horse behind him.

  The firing ceased. Tekouba, he reasoned,
thought the Tirailleurs were reserving their
fire to blast the first wave of attackers. He
hurried, and he could hear the panting of the
soldiers behind him. They understood his
move and grunted approval. By the time
they were discovered only a few of Samory’s
men would be in a position to attack them,
and they could outstrip the others.

  A storm of cheers before the village an-
nounced that Tekouba’s onslaught was un-
der way. The pounding of rifle butts on
walls and doors, the screams of encourage-
ment from the leaders, the discharge of fire-
arms breaking out afresh, made him smile.
It would be several minutes before the brave
Samorians realized that the huts were
empty. In spite of their number, they
would proceed with caution, awed by the
thought of half a hundred soldiers waiting
for them, bayonets ready.

  The Frenchman and his followers had
reached the main trail before the sound of
the shouts changed from fighting lust to
disappointed rage. His trick being dis-
covered, there existed no further need of
concealment. He gained the saddle and
urged his mount forward at a canter. The
Tirailleurs trotted after him.

  So far, all had gone well and there was-
little cause to worry. He would be able to
join Champdor before the pursuers caught
up and, finding his strength doubled, Fabou
would hesitate, giving him time to take the
Niagassola trail. The cavalry of the native
The Figurehead

15

leader could not use any path save the
beaten road, for the soil was bushy and
rocky. At Niagassola his responsibility
ended, he automatically fell under the or-
ders of the fort commander, a captain.
Moreover, he had not lost a man.

  And the information he desired, was ob-
tained. Samory meant war.

  Aware that some one trotted swiftly along
close to his right stirrup, he glanced down.
The scantily clad girl dancer, Kalogue, was
keeping pace with him, a bundle on her
head! In truth it must be said that she was
not over-pleased with the method of travel-
ing adopted by her master’s comrade, and
was on the verge of tears and exhaustion.

  In the excitement of the morning he had
forgotten her, after his first natural con-
clusion that she would ignore her change in
masters, and flee to the woods with her
mother.

  “Where hast thou been, Kalogue?” he
asked.

  “When the poum-poum started, I hid.
I saw thee leave—and came. Where is the
big white man?” she panted.

  “We are going to him now.”

  “It is good.”

  Farel was annoyed by this added respon-
sibility. Reasoning calmly, she was worth
less than a Tirailleur. He was about to lift
her to the saddle when-

  “Lieutenant!” The corporal bringing up
the rear called out.

  “What?”

  “Samory men.”

  Farel heard the ringing hoofs of a
mounted troop not far behind, approaching
swiftly. He had seen no horsemen on the
field as a unit and was bewildered by
Fabou’s prompt pursuit. He gave the
necessary order and the Tirailleurs about-
faced. Around a bend in the road, a hun-
dred and fifty yards away, appeared more
than a score of riders. They did not belong
to the cavalry, but were the various chiefs
of units engaged against him in the storming
of the village.

  Tekouba, sab*r in fist, was conspicuous.

  At the first shots, half the assailants
tumbled. The breach locks slid, rasped shut
again, and more saddles were emptied.

  Outnumbered, fearful of the bayonets,
the horsemen slackened their rush. The
Tirailleurs ran swiftly down the road, bay-
oneting the wounded where they lay, with
a quick side dart of the long blades. Alone,

Tekouba, again miraculously unscathed,
kept on, having eyes only for the white man
whose head he had promised to Fabou.

  Farel, who had reined his horse across the
path, drew his revolver, and broke the
negro’s arm with the first shot. The Tir-
ailleurs, recovering from their first excite-
ment, clusterd about Tekouba, dragging at
his legs, and brought him to the ground
with an impact that shook the giant frame,
and almost caused him to lose conscious-
ness. Several bayonets entered his chest
at the same time and between his teeth
blood gushed.

  The blades came .out red, and were poised
for other blows. Tekouba, eyes wide open
kept his gaze on the red steel needles.

  “Farha nal” Farel called. “Don’t kill!”

  A half dozen startled faces lifted toward
his. Farel himself could not understand
why he had cried out. Probably a remnant
of his early code, which reproved the killing
in cold blood of a brave, helpless foe. Then
Farel realized that with six or seven wounds
letting his blood out Tekouba would soon
die. But the lieutenant did not wish to
change his orders once spoken.

  Tekouba looked up. His lips twisted
with pain, but his eyes were clear.

  “Good,” he accepted. And, seeing the
Tirailleurs about to leave, asked a last
favor, “Tell thy men to place me to die in
the shade, and Allah grant thee a like
finish.”

  Upon Farel’s gesture acquiescence, two
privates lifted him, and placed him in the
shadow of two bushes by the trail. He was
soon lost to sight.

  On either side of the trail rock masses
rose higher. Farel was getting near the ap-
pointed meeting place. Another few min-
utes and with all his men, he would be on
the cleared road to Niagassola.

  “Sound colors,” Farel ordered to the
bugler.

  The stirring call strung out its notes.
Then from ahead came the answer, the same
call.

  “He’s there,” Farel told himself. Then as
an afterthought, “What a foolish thing a
hunch is.”

  He resumed the march.

  When he could see the clump of trees
marking the exact emplacement assigned to
Champdor, he urged his horse, went ahead
of his men, eager to tell his second of his
successful “coup.”
i6

Adventure

  A rifle coughed, a long vibration warned
him that the missile had come very near.
“Champdor! What the-1 Tell your

  A volley answered him. Behind, he
heard grunts, stifled cries. Several of the
Tirailleurs were hit, two of them killed out-
right. What was the matter with Champ-
dor? To a'dd to his agitation a bugle, the
same that had picked up his first signal,
sounded “Open fire.” It must be Champ-
dor. Samory did not have bugles.

  “Cease fire!” he cried. “Cease fire!” He
whirled in the saddle. “Bugler—cease
fire!”

  But the bugler was dead, sprawled in the
trail. The hail of bullets continued. More
than half his men were down. The rest,
having no orders were undecided and
frightened.

  “Back—back out of it!” Farel shouted.

  What was left of his section retraced their
steps down the trail, out of range, behind
bushes.

  Farel’s mouth felt dry, his hands shook.
This was ghastly. And that infernal bugle
was ringing again, halting the fusillade.
What could have happened in Champdor’s
mind to make him act without ascertaining
upon whom he was firing? Had he gone
mad with responsibility and fear?

  He fastened a handkerchief to the scab-
bard of his sword, and was about to go for-
ward again when one of the Tirailleurs
touched his knee.

  “Don’t go. Lieutenant’s not there.
N’Golo!”

  Farel recalled rumors that had been
current in Kayes. N’Golo had organised
his troops like French infantry, gave his
commands in French. Why not the iden-
tical bugle calls? But if N’Golo was hold-
ing the trail, where was Champdor? It was
unlikely that he had surrendered. And had
he been attacked the sound of firing would
have warned Farel.

  Where was Champdor?

/ THE Tirailleur addressed him

          ^“Fabou will come up from be-
          hind-”

  Yes, something had to be done quickly.
In a short time the head of Fabou’s column
would come up the trail and he would be
caught between two fires. He looked about
for a lane of escape, saw only the steep walls

of the rocks. A'sudden desperate hope
sent him in search of the native child, whom
he had last seen keeping pace with the Tir-
ailleurs. She had abandoned her bundle
and was hiding by the side of the trail.

  “Dost thou know a trail up the hills, not
far off?”

  “Yes, I came to cut wood with the women,
often,” the child replied breathlessly.

  “Show us the way.”

  Abandoning his horse and the badly
wounded members of his troop, he followed
the girl. What a strange twist! Every-
thing seemed prearranged to make this
child be of service. If he had allowed
Champdor to refuse the chief’s gift, or if
Champdor had taken her with him-

  Kalogue knew the vicinity of her native
village. Following her, Farel gained the
top of the nearest cliffs, cut across thick
shrubs, over small plateau, in ravines, fol-
lowed brooks and almost obliterated trails.
She was an able guide, the key to their vast
prison of bush and streams. The Tiraill-
eurs took turns in carrying her.

  Fabou’s men had picked up their tracks.
The bootsoles of the white officer were un-
mistakable to the practiced eyes of the
many professional trail-followers in Sam-
ory’s legions. Soon, the yellow boubous
materialized. In spite of their efforts the
followers of Fabou had failed to surround
Farel. They would form a circle close in,
and find their prey gone. It was much like
trying to catch fish by hand in a pool of
murky water. And Kalogue knew the
trails, every nook and corner of the plateau.

  “Seventeen from forty-one, leave twenty-
four,” Farel muttered. “Seventeen from
forty-one, leave twenty-four-”

  At twelve minutes before two o’clock that
afternoon he had had forty-one Tirailleurs.
Now, at a quarter of six, less than four
hours later, he could only count seventeen.
Of these, several showed bandaged arms or
legs, or untended cuts about the face. On
the trail, when N’golo’s men had fired, he
had left fifteen or sixteen men. Therefore
eight had fallen since. If#the wild nature
of the land prevented the weight of numbers
to tell, it also annulled the superior organiza-
tion and skill of the troop led by the white
man. In the short range fusillades, a Tir
ailleur was no better than a warrior. Yes
he might lose more men before nightfall.

  The Tirailleurs had their reserve ration
of food, so that hunger was not felt. Bu
The Figurehead

17

the water soon gave out. Negroes are great
water drinkers. It is not unusual for a
thirsty bearer to drain a bucket containing
the allotment for a horse. This need of
fluid may be the result of excessive loss of
moisture through perspiration. Once the
canteens were dry the brooks were resorted
to. In taking care of the wounded, how-
ever, Farel had unadvisedly used too much
water. And the streams were being watched
now.

  The lieutenant was tempted to order
his men to don the boubous found on the
dead, and to mingle with the pursuers, leav-
ing him to take his chance alone. But he
knew what the answer would be. They
might join Samory after their time of
service with the French expired, but they
would never leave a white man for whom
they felt responsible.

  Although he had exposed himself as
much as his men, he was unwounded. His
greater nervous reserve was telling. The
spirit of a white man will often tire out the
sheer muscular vigor of the blacks.

  “Where do we go now, Kalogue?” he
asked.

  The child counted on her fingers:

  “One trail is closed, two trails—” After
a moment she decided. “Follow, Master.”

  “We must hurry, Kalogue, night is com-
ing.”

  “I hasten.”

  She led the way through the bushes,
stopping occasionally to ponder. After
half an hour, she halted, and pointed at a
clump of shrubs bearing great red flowers.

  “We go under that.”

  Farel did not understand her reason. But
his life was in the tiny black hands of the
dancer and he nodded. The girl crawled
under the branches. Farel followed her,
for twenty-five feet he followed the pink
soles in the semidarkness. Insects, dis-
turbed, skimmed across his fingers. Once
he heard the unmistakable rustling of a
lirge snake. Then, abruptly, Kalogue’s
legs vanished from beneath her body. Slow-
ly she lowered herself into some sort of a
cavity. It was not a hole, properly speak-
ing, but a deep cut in the soil, altogether
sheltered by bushes meeting overhead.

  “When the rains are heavy, water flows
here,” Kalogue informed him. “It is like
this for a long way, then sinks under-
ground.”

  She waited until the last Tirailleur had

joined them, then proceeded swiftly toward
the north, Farel believed.

  “Surely thou didst not come here to cut
wood!” he declared.

  “No. My father, when he lived, was
hunter for the village. He found this
place following a leopard.”*

  “Thy father did not take thee hunting,
did he?”

  “No. But many moons ago, when the
village failed to pay tribute, Samory’s riders
came. And my father took me here, I, my
brothers, my sisters, and our mothers.”

  It was not strange then that Kalogue
took the adventure calmly. This was not
her first hurried flight.

  Abruptly, the big ditch ended against a
wall of rock. A hole opening beneath the
cliff, yawned, a black funnel pitting the
ground for many feet, a hidden water source.

  “What do we do now?” he asked.

  She lifted a stumpy little finger, black
satin on one side, cream on the other.

  “Up!”

  “Can it be done?” he asked in amaze-
ment.

  There was still sufficient daylight to dis-
cern the flank of the cliff, hard of ascension,
but not impossible. There are few things
impossible to a man whose life is in danger.

  Here, however, another problem con-
fronted him. He must abandon two of the
Tirailleurs, wounded too badly to negotiate
the feat. He recommended that they re-
trace their steps, search for bodies, take a
yellow blouse and black bonnet and pre-
tend to be members of the searching par-
ties. The lax inner organization of Fabou’s
bands promised almost certain success.
They could join him in Niagassola when op-
portunity offered. Meanwhile he would
make it known to French authorities that
they were not deserters.

  Farel started up first. Agile as a monkey
Kalogue came immediately behind. The
lieutenant recalled his vacations in the
mountains of Eastern France. What he
had learned there was useful now. Bad
moments followed, when he was forced to
test one hold after another before daring to
trust his weight. Many times he was com-
pelled to halt, clinging to the sharp edges
of the rock, to advise his men. The Tirail-
leurs were heavier than he, and the support
which had served him might give way un-
der repeated strain. Cascades of dirt and
dirt showered toward the hole below.
i8

Adventure

  Three feet to climb, two—one, the top of
the cliff overhung, and Farel searched for
a solid place to execute the move that would
hoist him the final distance.

  Immediately above his head, a black face
appeared, two yellow-clad shoulders be-
neath.

  Farel could neither reach the revolver in
the holster of his belt, move up, down, or to
either side. He was trapped. With one
move the warrior could precipitate him into
space. But Farel was not a pessimist. He
realized that the first normal impulse in
man is to help another in distress. He must
not allow the warrior to recover from his
surprize. In any event, it was his only
chance.

  “Tal” he urged, holding up his right hand.
“Grasp!”

  The negro obeyed. Powerful fingers
closed upon the white man’s. Farel con-
fidently trusted himself to the immense
strength of his helper. In another instant
he stood beside the sentry.

  Once safe, his enforced faith in human-
ity deserted him, as faith sometimes does
when the need for it is past. Without
releasing the hand that had so fortunately
descended to save him, he drew his re-
volver, pressed it against the black’s side.
A quick glance had assured him that the
warrior was alone.

  Then he relaxed his grip on the sentry’s
hand and stepped back.

  “Help the others,” he ordered.

  Kalogue was hoisted to firm ground, and
one after another the fifteen Tirailleurs.

  “Who is thy chief?” Farel asked.

  The native did not have faith in human
nature, did not believe in gratitude. Be-
fore the threatening muzzle he docilely told
all he knew.

  “N’Golo.”

  “Many warriors close by?”

 “No one but me. I was sent up by
N’Golo, who said I could see thee down
below and point thee out to the others.”

  “Where is N’Golo now?”

  The man did not know.

  “Did he kill the other white man?”

  The warrior again shook his head. Badly
frightened as he was Farel felt that he spoke
the truth. For a moment Farel was in-
clined to tie him securely, thinking that his
comrades would find him. But a bound
man in the open at night, is in danger of
never seeing the sun.

  “Marabout?” Farel asked, touching the
warrior’s amulets.

  “Yes,” agreed the sentry, he was a

Moslem.

  Farel gathered several amulets from his
men, which he added to those of the war-
rior, forming a little heap on the ground.

  “I will allow thee to live,” he promised,
“but swear to keep secret our way of
escape.”

  “It would be unwise for me to speak,” re-
plied the negro. “For it was my hand that
allowed you to go.”

  He swore all that was asked of him, by
multiple awesome formulas. Farel, his
natural optimism returning, found time to
notice the similitude between this oath, and
the oath sworn by knights in the middle
ages.

  “I am called Far-Eli,” the white man
concluded. “Seek me when peace comes
again. I will reward thee then. These
men will say that I speak the truth, that my
tongue and my heart talk alike.”

  “It is so,” several voices assured him.

  The warrior touched Farel’s sleeve, then
his own forehead. Looking back, Farel
could dimly perceive him, standing be-
wildered, still shaken by the extraordinary
events.

  “Where is the trail, Kalogue?”

  “I don’t know. I have never been so far
from the village.”

  Farel glanced at the stars and set out.

  For many hours he kept to his course
instinctively. Against the sky he could see
the reflection of N’Golo’s fires, knew when
he passed the farthest outposts, for negroes
never fail to signal their presence by flames.

  At last he knew he was clear. He did
not reason, men like Farel often know with-
out reason. They walk through danger as
a blind man walks through night.

“I BEG your pardon, Lieuten-
ant Champdor, for disturbing
you,” Farel remarked a few hours
later.

  Champdor, who had just concluded a cold
meal, who had evidently eaten heartily, was
holding a lighted cigaret in one hand and a
metal cup filled with wine in the other.

  Having passed quietly through the out-
posts facing Fabou’s bands, Farel had sig-
naled the sentries to remain quiet, and had
reached the chief of the detachment with-
out being noticed. For a moment he stood
The Figurehead

19

still, watching the irritatingly innocent
face, the chiseled profile, the lilac-blue eyes.
No man with a tortured conscience would
have honored the tinned meat product of
the American contractor with such a
splendid appetite.

  Champdor looked up, stared incredu-
lously, then, smiling, arose, hand extended:
“Old Farel! Do you know, I’m glad to
see you!”

   Farel accepted the hand-shake.

  “You seem comfortable, Champdor,” he
said. “Evidently had an easier time than
I did.”

  “Probably,” agreed Champdor, with
superb calm.

  He offered no explanation. Yet Farel
felt that explanation was due him. The
extraordinary unconcern of the officer
swept him from his well-planned inter-
rogation. which would have coaxed the
truth gently.

  “Why the-weren’t you at the pass?”

he demanded, straining to keep his voice
down, for the troopers were casually sprawl-
ing about.

   “I left at two-fifteen. Naturally, when
 you didn’t show up, I thought you’d been
 caught in the village. The firing ceased,
 you know.”

   “You lie. I was there before two, and
you had already gone. I found a bunch of
blacks who shot down half my men.”

   Champdor, without appearing to be of-
fended by the epithet, sympathized.
“Thunder! That’s too bad.”

   Farel wondered who was mad, himself or
Champdor. Certainly, in his opinion, the
discussion called for more interest than
the officer was showing.

   He grasped his arm, shook him, and al-
most shouted in his face.

  “Too bad! Too bad! Do you under-
stand what you did?”

   “Perfectly. Honestly, Farel, I believed
 ^jt to be after two—” He made a gesture
 toward his fob pocket—“let’s compare

watches--”

   “Idiot!”

   Champdor drew himself up with ridicu-
lous dignity.

   “Lieutenant Farel, you are insulting me!”
   “I am,” Farel admitted. “I am—

   The pent-up resentment swelled to his
lips in searing words. All barriers of polite-
ness, all so-called gentlemanly behavior was

wiped away by the immense anger that
flamed in him.

  Champdor listened patiently. He was
still dignified, and did not seem angry.

  “You’re overtired, Farel,” he suggested.
“You better rest, then talk. I will not
brawl with you. I admit I may have been
too hasty in my withdrawl, but my respon-
sibility as detachment commander made it
imperative.”

  “I have a letter from Combeau placing
you under my orders. I gave you the
order to stay at the pass until I came. I
named two o’clock as an approximate
time. You had no order to leave, even
though I failed to come on time. Remem-
ber that.”

  “Possibly, Farel, I should have taken

your suggestions-”

  “In the army one does not take sugges-
tions, one obeys orders. There are twenty-
six lives laid against you, Champdor. You
may sing a different time before a court
martial.”

  “A court martial—” Champdor paled.
“Abandoned your post, didn’t you?
And from the firing, you knew you were
before the enemy.”

  Champdor sank back into the folding
chair he had occupied when Farel arrived.

  Farel, his first anger passing, lowered his
voice—

  “Whatever made you do it, Champdor?”
“I didn’t know. I didn’t want to stay
there and risk—what I thought had hap-
pened <0 you.”

  “Didn’t you find it hard to leave a com-
panion, I might even say a friend, up
against it?”

  Champdor shrugged wearily.

  “Tell me exactly what time you left?”

  “I might as well. Twelve o’clock. I—
I thought—” he floundered helplessly.

  “You had made up your mind that I was
crazy, and would be killed. Is that it?”
“Well-”

  Farel dug his hands in his pockets, strode
up and down in agitation. He stopped,
looking dumbly at Champdor. The big
fellow’s total collapse appalled him. He
had never before seen a man go to pieces so
completely. Cowardice? That must be it.

  “I don’t know what to make of you,
Champdor,” he said. “You don’t behave
like a reasonable being, giving way to the
first impulse, blissfully unconscious of the
harm you’ve done.”
20

Adventure

  Champdor seemed near tears. Farel
laid a hand on his shoulder.

  “I’m not even angry with you. You’re
a kid,” he declared. “Try to tell me what
happened. I have to account for the men
I’ve lost, and I’d like to make it as easy for
you as I can. You can go home—after
everything’s over.”

 “Home,” muttered Champdor. Then,
loudly, “I want to go home. I never want-
ed to come here.” He' arose excitedly,
grasped Farel by the arm, and walked swift-
ly out of the camp. “You’ve got to listen
to me, Farel. You’ll understand. I know
you will.”

  “Try to keep calm, old man,” Farel
urged. “Try to keep calm.”

  He feared an irreparable outburst of
hysteria, in full view of soldiers and bearers.

 “Keep calm! How can I keep calm?
You tell me I’ll be court martialed. I’ll be
kicked out of the army, won’t I? What
will my father say? What will my family
do?”

  “What every one does when anything
happens—grumble, weep, protest, then
accept. If you’ll tell me in detail what
you did, and the reason for your actions,
I may find a way to avoid the court
martial.”

  “You would, Farel?” Champdor quieted.
“I don’t know any reason for my action.
At twelve o’clock, suddenly, something told
me to go, and I went.”

  “Were you afraid?”

  “Yes.”

 “Why? Of what?”

  “You know—death, mutilation.”

  “Do you want a bit of advice, Champdor?”
  “Yes.”

  “Don’t say anything like that to any one
else. I should be the one to accuse you, but
I can’t. Frankly, I pity you. In a soldier,
cowardice is a fatal disease. Better say you
misunderstood. You’ll be blamed and sent
back to your little garrison, and all will be
said.”

  Champdor broke out laughing:

  “All will be said, eh? If I receive a pub-
lic reprimand, my life’s done. My

father-”

  “—has nothing to do with it,” said Farel.
“You stand on your own feet. Tell him it’s
his fault for having had you transferred
here.”

 “Then—no money. I couldn’t live,
pinching every penny on a lieutenant’s pay.

Figure out what I need every two weeks—
two francs fifty centimes for laundry, cuffs
and collars, even turning them around,
dirty side in—I have seen others try it!”
“Some manage,” remarked Farel.

  “Not I.”

  “Marry money, then.”

  “Money marries money. I have no title—
nothing.”

  Farel became impatient.

  “Then chuck the army for good. Go into
business. You wield a neat pencil and write
fairly well. I can easily picture you making
a success in an artistic profession. You’re
miscast, old boy. You’re not a soldier.”

  “I know it. But I’m afraid to-”

  “You remind me of a four-year-old boy,
refusing one thing after another, and not
knowing what he wants. Patently, I can
not help you out if you insist on staying in
the service. My duty is——”

  Champdor’s face flushed. His pupils
dilated.

  “This is a lot of fuss over a handful of
negroes,” he Said. “A hundred can be re-
cruited for each one lost. I’ll accept no
favors from you, and I’ll guarantee that I’ll
not be court martialed.” He drew breath.
“I have influence. We will see. If Com-
beau heckles me—” he swept the air with an
open palm, significant of destruction—
“You smile? You don’t believe me? My
uncle will be cabinet minister again.”
“There’s a limit to what pull can do.”
“There’s no limit—for me.”

  “All right, all right,” Farel humored him.
“Let’s start the men off. N’Golo is only
ten miles away. It’s thirty good miles to
Niagassola.”

  At mention of N’Golo, Champdor’s
bravado left him. He allowed Farel to
give his orders.

  He made no protest when Farel com-
mandeered his horse, explaining that as he
had walked all night he was entitled to the
mount. Champdor took no notice of
Kalogue, who trotted at his heels, looking
up at him with adoration. Soon, he made
his way to the center of the column, im-
mediately behind the bearers, and trailed his
feet in the dust wearily.

  “I told Lieutenant I wanted to go back
and help thee,” Makam Tiaba remarked,
drawing up to Farel’s stirrup. “He said
no—that thou wert dead.”

  “He did rightly,” Farel cut him off
shortly.
The Figurehead

21

  Tiaba, startled, subsided, and allowed the
horse to outdistance him. What was Farel
to do? He could not allow discussion of a
white man’s orders by a native sergeant.
Truly Champdor was placing him in an
awkward position in more ways than one.

  Farel cursed at the indiscriminate placing
of shoulder-straps on a man, and believing
him, thanks to these symbols, able to com-
mand.

  But was Champdor to blame? He could
not help what he was. And Farel could
not very well have placed Makam Tiaba in
charge of the second detachment. The in-
ference would have been obvious. Com-
beau was perhaps to blame. Again, no.
He had acted under orders, or at least under
suggestions from persons he could not af-
ford to displease.

  If traced to its source, yesterday’s dis-
aster was the result of a bad system; the
nation which tolerated it was to blame. Of
course, it was said i‘favoritism is banished
from the Army.” Champdor was a living
example of the contrary. Left to himself,
the heedless officer would have vegetated
in his garrison town, being promoted when
his years of service warranted promotion.
Had a war come he probably would have
done his duty well, surrounded by white
men and familiar scenes. Champdor was
not to blame. Not to blame—that was
quickly stated!

  If one follows the theory of attentuated
responsibility, no one is to blame for any-
thing. Of recent date it was quite usual to
blame heredity, environment, and what
not, for a man’s failings. All very well in
theory, but out of place in a soldier, Farel
decided. Fighting is a world-old business,
and its code is as ancient. A captain does
not leave his ship until the last, an officer
does not abandon his post.

THAT night, Champdor at-
tempted suicide.

  The day, it must be admitted,
had been particularly hard on a
nervous, imaginative fellow like Champdor.

  Twice, when the trails permitted, the
riders of Fabou had flanked the little party,
firing from the saddle. Bullets had whined
through the ranks, men had been hit.
Champdor, his white uniform conspicuous
among the bearers, had several narrow
escapes. Each time, before] he could show
fear, Farel had been at his side with

encouraging words. The warriors hung on
doggedly, still hoping that an unforeseen
twist of fate would reduce the lead taken by
the Boure mission. The distance to Nia-
gassola dwindled gradually. Farel counted
the miles with no little anxiety.

  He reasoned that news of the engagement
must have reached Niagassola. The tom-
tom telegraph had rumbled all day. The
natives knew about the fight by the river
bank, and certainly some of them would
inform the captain, commanding the fort.
Farel knew him well, knew the lieutenants
with him. They were not of the Champdor
type. Personal safety never entered their
heads when a white man was in danger.
They would come out to meet him.

  He admired the endurance of his men,
Tirailleurs as well as bearers. There was
no need of threats or promises to hasten the
latter. The fear of capture gave them
wings. Several times during the day he
had allowed Champdor to ride the horse,
and himself gone to the rear guard, until
the accumulated fatigue made him totter on
his feet.

  When he visualized what this march
would have been had Champdor held his
place, he cursed bitterly. After the severe
shaking up before the village, Fabou’s
forces would have been discouraged by an-
other check at the pass. Instead, the war-
riors had come upon the dead bodies of the
Tirailleurs, Fabou had probably ordered
the heads cut and planted on sticks along
the road. The men in the yellow boubous
were doubtless gloating over these heads
far more than they regretted the two or
three hundred men they had lost while rush-
ing the village walls. The moral effect he
had counted upon was lost. In the light of
developments, his persistence in staying in
the village until the time stated for de-
parture, showed merely stubborn courage
and no skill. A success never has to be ex-
plained, a failure always. Farel had much
to think of on that journey to Niagassola.

  At seven, with darkness deepening, he
ordered a halt of an hour. Then the march
would be resumed, and carried on until the
post was attained, toward dawn.

  Tired, he lay down to snatch a few
minutes’ nap. And lost sight of Champdor.

  A revolver report brought him to his feet,
wearily. Then realizing that no one but
himself and Champdor possessed a revolver,
he ran toward the spot from which the sound
22

Adventure

had come. Makam Tiaba preceded him.

  Twenty yards away, in the bushes bor-
dering the trail, they found the lieutenant,
sprawled out. He held the weapon in his
right hand. Farel rapidly felt his heart,
then his head. His fingers came away
moist, sticky.

  “He’s hurt. Carry him back, Tiaba.”

  Tiaba slipped one arm beneath the knees,
the other under the shoulders, and lifted
the limp body. He brought Champdor
back within the safety zone formed by the
cordon of sentries.

  “Light a lantern, Tiaba.”

  The sergeant obeyed. As soon as the
yellow glow bloomed in the obscurity, the
riflemen fired from the bush. The bullets
whined, landed all about with the peculiar
ff-jlack! as they thudded into the ground.
Farel found the wound, on the side of
Champdor’s head, a graze from temple to
top of skull. The hair was singed. There
was no doubt but that Champdor had tried
to end his life.

  Decidedly, the big officer was not meant
to handle firearms. He had not even been
able to shoot himself. The impact of the
lead had stunned him and that was all.
The bleeding was already slacking.

  “Nothing much, Tiaba,” Farel informed
the sergeant. “Probably one of the blacks
hit him by luck. Put out the light.”

  Tiaba, leaning toward the lantern, his
face illuminated brightly, stared at him, lips
apart. Farel’s necessary lie did not de-
ceive him. But he made no comment and
blew out the flame. The fusillade stopped.

  Farel strove to bring Champdor back to
consciousness. He dashed water in his face,
shook him, called out, beat his palms. This
attempt at self-annihilation was not cour-
age, Farel did not believe that. It was the
same sort of thing that Champdor had
evidenced since danger became manifest.
Nevertheless, Farel was touched. He re-
alized the mental torment that Champdor
must have undergone to make him choose
such a ruthless course, when all his being
cried out for self-preservation. It was a
kind of negative courage.

  Champdor grumbled, coughed.

 “Mother-”

  The lieutenant did not smile. That word
was often heard on the lips of men when
dying or in extreme danger.

   “You’re all right, old man, take it easy,”
he admonished.

  “You—Farel—I—I missed myself, didn’t
I?”

  “Absolutely. Bad style, yours. The
barrel should never be held parallel with the
head. Muzzle against the roof of the
mouth is the best, I have been told. But
it’s over now. I’m glad you failed.”
“What shall I do! What shall I do!”
“Forget it. Fate did not want your end
now. Have a drink.”

  Champdor gulped at the bottle offered
him, filled with cold coffee strengthened
with brandy.

  “I wanted to get it Over with,” he ex-
plained. “It’s this way, Farel: There’s
never been a coward in the family, my
family,” Champdor resumed plaintively.
“My father is a pen-pusher now but he was
in the Cuirassiers, in ’70. You know what
that means. His father, Colonel Champ-
dor, was in Algeria. A friend of de Mon-
tagnac, the hero of Sidi-Brahim. My

great-grandfather, in eighteen-twelve-”

  Farel had no interest in the family history,
but he strove for patience, listened long to
the ramblings of Champdor, who insisted
on unearthing ancestral deeds of valor for
his admiration.

  At the first pause, he interjected:

  “I can see your point. You may have
acted rightly. But I want you to promise
me now that you won’t try again. If not
for your own sake, for mine, and’the men
with us. Suppose you had succeeded, and
then I had been killed tonight? All goes

well as long as there’s a white man, but-”

  “I’m not much good as a white man.”
“You made several mistakes. But they
have faith in you. Faith, my friend, is the
bulwark of old husbands and young sol-
diers.” Farel arose and stretched his
muscles. “Well, you succeeded in keeping
me awake during our rest hour. We’re
going on now.”

  He found Tiaba.

  “Stay with the lieutenant—he is not
well. Understand?”

  “I hear.”

  “Don’t let him stray too far from the
trail.” He hesitated. “See every move
he makes.”

  “I have seen. I know. Fear nothing.”
“If I am hurt, thou—well, help the other
officer.”

  “I hear,” replied Tiaba.

  Farel, when he turned, could see the
southern sky suffused with lights, the fire?
The Figurehead

23

of Fabou’s Army. But the enemy did not
lose contact. Never had Farel seen such
tenacity displayed by natives. Usually
they were more than willing to live and let
live during the sunless hours.

  The bushes were swarming with riflemen
and spearmen. Farel felt no worry con-
cerning the Tirailleurs who, with bayoneted
rifles, were a match for both. But the re-
peated attacks on the bearers burdened
with their head loads was another story.
Several had been wounded. Farel decided
to organize a defense against this harassing
business. Knowing that his white flannel
uniform was dangerous, marking him as a
target, he swiftly changed into a black
tunic, discarding his helmet for a chechia.
In this manner he disguised his silhouete, all
that could be seen in the night. Rifle in
hand he led the counter attack, running on
the side of the bearers. When he joined
the pillage-mad warriors, butts and blades
came into swift play. But for every man
dropped, two appeared.

  Whether through fatigue or nervousness
due to the prolonged strain, he forgot a self-
imposed rule of long standing—never to
speak French when engaged in night patrol
work. A number of Fabou’s men wore
headgear similar in shape to the Tirailleurs’
chechia. Several times he had momentarily
mistaken one of his men for the enemy. A
rapid exchange of words had straightened
out the situation. Farel had become care-
less, scrambling up the embankments of the
road into the bushes. Aware of the folly, and
believing himself closely followed by his
men, he turned, to see near at hand a round
head, skull cap—a blade.

  “We go back to the road,” he said in
French.

  He turned to go.

   A prickling sensation, changing to a burn-
ing intense pain, shot through him. Sud-
denly weak, he fell on his hands and knees.
The pain was repeated. He thought of
Tekouba, left by the roadside, pierced with
bayonet thrusts. This was the end.

  “Help, Tirailleurs—help!”

  He seemed to roll over and over in empti-
ness. His brain reeled. The harsh ground
was against his cheek, his fingers clawed
weakly at the grass. Then a myriad tiny
lights crackled and fused before his eyes, an
intense cold wrapped him, sweeping through
his body like an ice-tide.

   He lost consciousness.

jBjfc/fph THE light was soft, subdued. A
/ strange smell, which he finally
identified as powerful disinfec-
tants, caught his nostrils. The
feel of a cool sheet over his back gradu-
ally made itself clear in his newly
aroused consciousness. He tried to move,
cautiously. He was aware of stiffness in
his back.

  “Sacred thunder!” he muttered. “If I

don’t shake out of this I’ll be late-”

  Late for what? Imprecise ideas rolled
vaguely in his head. Slowly pictures
formed, as if he were witnessing the gradual
lighting of a stage. The village on the
Niger bank, yellow boubous, Tekouba lying
by the roadside, his massive black head in
the meager shadow of the bushes, Champ-
dor— Where in the name of heaven was
Champdor?

  And what was he doing between sheets?

  “I must have been wounded,” he thought.
“And this is certainly not the trail to Nia-
gassola. Neither is it Heaven—I don’t
imagine they disinfect the holy precincts,
nor hell. Therefore, I was brought back.
Hospital. Niagassola. Yes, I’m in Nia-
gassola.”

  He grunted with satisfaction.

  Some one spoke near at hand:

  “Do you hear, Lieutenant?”

  Farel groaned an affirmative. He strove
to speak but could not. He realized, for
the first time, his extreme weakness.

  “The doctor ’11 be glad to hear that,”
went on the voice. “It’s about time. Not
a word from you since you came to Kayes.”
Kayes—he was in Kayes!

  He must ask how long he had been ill,
what his hurt was, what had happened to
Champdor but his brain reeled.

  Immeasurable space—then, he felt hands,
he was roughly turned upon his back.
A sharp burning pain shot through him.
Again, he opened his eyes, saw first the
whitewashed ceiling, then, in a misty cloud,
several faces bent close.

  “Does it hurt? We’re turning you over
to allow the wounds to supurate. You
never noticed before. The orderly told me
you spoke this morning.”

  “Uh-uh,” Farel agreed.

  “It’s all right now. We’ll send you home
by the next steamer. Don’t try to talk too
much now.”

  The voice dwindled. Hands grasped him
again, turned him on his stomach. The
24

Adventure

light drifted away, night came. Occasion-
ally some one spoke. Daylight, night, and
the torture when he was rolled over.

  Once, heavy steps staggered by his bed.
Though he could not speak, his hearing was
keen. He heard the soles thumping down
the length of the room, downstairs, and
then the rasping of wood against iron, fol-
lowed by the clang of iron wheel on a metal
track. True, some men died in the hos-
pitals. That poor fellow! They had him
on the little truck of the Decauville narrow
gage, taking him to the cemetery to be
buried.

  He must talk, he must ask— What had
happened?

  Much, much later, a familiar voice made
him start feebly. Combeau—no one else
but Combeau.

► “You say he spoke? What did he say?”
the colonel asked.

  “Groan— I’m certain he understood.
That was two weeks ago.”

  Two weeks: The shifting of light and
night, so closely following—days.

  “Doesn’t seem to get better at all,
does he?”

  “He’s been a long way, Colonel, he comes
back from far. We’ll bring him through,
I’m now certain. But it will be a long
process.”

  “I’ll try to talk to him, anyway.”

  Came the scraping of a chair, the sound of
a heavy man sitting down. Farel smelled a
strong odor of tobacco. Combeau—he
was certain this was Combeau. The other,
probably the doctor, had called him
“Colonel.”

  “Farel, do you hear?”

  “Uh-uh.”

  “Can’t you speak?”

  Farel tried, made tremendous efforts.
But he could not. His other senses seemed
acute. He was aware even of the slightest
noise. From his bed he could see the
knees of Combeau’s trousers, and the top
of the boots. Why couldn’t he speak
intelligently?

  “I believe he understands,” the doctor
suggested. “Peculiar case. I don’t know
whether the spears were poisoned. It
seems that way. Affected him with a sort
of general paralysis. It won’t last, but
we must give him time. Do you hear,
Farel? You’ll be all right, we’ll send you
to France, soon.”

  “Uh-uh.”

  “You see, Colonel, he hears perfectly.
If you have anything to say you can be sure
he understands.”

  “I wish to speak to him about-”

  “Quite so—quite so——”

  Farel heard the doctor’s steps thumping
along the floor.

  “They say you hear and understand,
Farel,” Combeau said. “I don’t want to
worry you unnecessarily—something hap-
pened after you were wounded which you
will learn in time, when you are stronger.
Don’t worry about it, my boy. I’m leaving
the Sudan for a while. But wherever I
am, when you need me, write me. I’ll
help you out all I can, and I can do much
when I wish to. Just know that I, who
know you better than any one else, believe
in you.”

  What did Combeau refer to? What had
happened? But Combeau was asking him
not to worry. He must not worry.

  Farel felt Combeau’s hand on his head:

  “I won’t tire you. You’ll understand all
this clearly, when you recover.”

  And Combeau was gone.

  Endless hours followed. He was sud-
denly lifted to a stretcher, carried down into
the courtyard, placed in the rear of a
Lefebvre wagon, drawn by a mule.

  In the wagon it was hot, smelly and dark,
and Farel was overjoyed when the stretcher
was taken out by several blacks. He heard
the tread on the gang plank, caught a
glimpse of a white-and-red funnel. River
steamer—he was going home. He noticed
behind him many other stretchers. They
filed endlessly into the deck house. He
knew the boat, the Salamandre; on her he
had come up the river on his first trip to the
Sudan. He already felt nearer home.

  Whistles, the heaving of the boat. He
looked at the mosquito screen two feet above

his head. -shame that he could think—

it made him impatient of inaction. But he
had hope that the doctor was right. He
could move his feet slightly, and occasion-
ally a tremor shook his fingers.

  No one spoke to him during the long
trip, save the orderlies, and the doctor in
charge. They had been informed that he
was a special case and made much of him.
Often the doctor would bare his torso, feel
the flesh, his muscles.

  “Farel, you’re puzzling us. Do you hear
that? You’re fooling the faculty!”

  One morning, the whistles shrilled again,
The Figurehead

25

and the voices of negro laborers resounded
throughout the ship. Saint Louis du Sene-
gal. Farel could smell salt on the wind.

  “Now for the bad part of the voyage,”
he thought. “The trip to Dakar by rail.
Cinders, stinks and shakes.”

  He was pleasantly surprized. The bar
of the Senegal River was fordable, and a
surf boat took him straight to a waiting
steamer, bound for Bordeaux. He had a
disagreeable moment when transferred from
the bobbing boat to the ship’s ladder. But
the muscular fisherboys, with drops of water
dinging to their oily skin as to a waterproof
rubber coat, swung him deftly to safety.
The indefinable smells of the ship, the
smells of all ships, smote him with sweet
familiarity.

  A cabin, with other wounded men on the
bunk above and on the settee across the
way, was his home for more than ten days.
He was becoming used to this peculiar man-
ner of living, and was even finding a certain
comfort. He would have liked to smoke a
cigaret, but the orderly could not, or would
not understand. He heard some one say,
“We’ll get into Bordeaux day after to-
morrow.”

  That was in the afternoon, on the six-
teenth day out. Government crafts did not
make astonishing time between Senegal and
France in those days. It was that afternoon
that a fly, landing upon Farel’s cheek,
caused him to bring up his hand.

  “That’s an improvement,” he told him-
self, and trembled at the sound of his own
voice.

  When the orderly came in he found him
sitting up, counting his fingers.

  “A cigaret!” begged Farel.

  The orderly fled, returning with the
doctor.

  “What happened? Why are you sitting
up?”

  “I don’t know. As for sitting up, I think
I’m entitled to that, after lying on my face
for how many months?”

  “Five.”

  “Have you a cigaret?”

  The doctor had a cigaret, many cigarets,
all neatly lined in a case. He seemed to feel
that Farel had offered a personal insult by
rising so bruskely. But the next day he
did not oppose the lieutenant’s wish to go
out on deck. The wounds in his back no
longer pained him. They had closed and
healed since leaving Kayes.

        FAREL was not overstrong in
        spite of his elation. After his

first walk, he took others. He
soon found himself strong enough
to go to the dining room for his meal. There
he saw an officer, Lieutenant Fleurac, whom
he had once campaigned with near Bamako.

  He rushed to him with open hand—and
was brutally conscious that his enthusiasm
was not shared.

  “When did you get up, Farel?” Fleurac
asked coolly.

  “A few days ago.”

  “Ah! Feeling well?”

  “As well as ever. The-inertia left

me without reason. One minute I was stiff,
the next, all right.”

  The silence lengthened. The steward
approached with various dishes. Several
times, Farel caught Fleurac’s eyes upon him
in an embarrassed stare. While Farel was
sipping his coffee, Fleurac gulped down his
own and made as if to rise.

  Farel laid a hand on his arm.

  “Will you do me a favor, old man?”

  “Yes, yes, of course.”

  “Tell me what’s wrong with me—or with
you. You look twice as serious as a thirsty
monk, and roll your eyes like locomotive
headlights.”

  “Of course, I don’t believe a word”
mumbled Fleurac, “a word—” His voice
trailed off weakly.

  “You and I were once pretty good friends.
I assure you that I don’t know any reason
for your embarrassment. I have heard no
one but doctors and orderlies for heaven
knows how long. I’m just coming to my
senses, just beginning to realize who I am
and where I’m going. I gather there’s
something wrong, somewhere.” He recalled
Combeau’s cautious words at the hospital.
“Come up on deck where we can be alone.”
“Very well,” Fleurac agreed.

  Farel, bundled in overcoat and blankets,
for the vessel was in the Bay of Biscay and
the weather cold, joined the lieutenant on
the promenade deck.

  “How much do you know, Farel?”
“Nothing. I’ve been practically dead.”
“Listen, old man—don’t get angry at any-
thing I say.”

  “Certainly not.”

  Still Fleurac hesitated.

  “Whatever it is, I ought to know,” Farel
begged.
26

Adventure

  “When the garrison at Niagassola heard
that the Boure Mission had been attacked,
the captain in command went out to offer
help, and found what remained of the de-
tachment on the trail only eight hours from
town.”

  “I knew we must have got in because
I—I found myself alive.”

  “Champdor, a bloody rag about his head,
unshaven, riding in the lead of the resolute
group of Tirailleurs was obviously in com-
mand. While you, Farel, on a stretcher,
were as obviously dying. There was no
time to waste in Niagassola. The mission
was sent on to Kita, while the garrison
engaged Fabou’s men. In Kita, Champdor
made the first report of the mission.”

  Fleurac went on to explain what #ft*'in
that report.

  The document was a masterpiece of reti-
cent blame. It detailed in full the con-
troversy that had arisen between the two
lieutenants of the Boure Mission, in the
village by the Niger. Champdor recorded
himself as having warned Farel of the ex-
treme danger arising out of Fabou’s prox-
imity. Farel, engrossed in his speciality,
busy compiling notes for his articles, had
laughed his premonitions away.

  At last, Champdor, though placed under
the orders of Farel, made it clear that his
responsibility did not permit him to remain
longer in the village at the mercy of an at-
tack. Farel had threatened him with a re-
volver. Risking his life for the sake of his
men, Champdor had quieted Farel. After
a long argument, Farel had decided that
he would assume the responsibility of his
own life, while Champdor retreated toward
Niagassola with half the Tirailleurs and the
bearers. The lieutenant gave as a probable
explanation the fact that Farel, for several
days, had been feverish from an overlong
exposure to the sun.

  Champdor, therefore, had made his de-
parture on the eve of attack, progressed
northward swiftly. During the next day
he had heard firing in the general direction
of the village, come to the conclusion that
what he had feared had happened. After
much hesitation, impelled by his friendship
for Farel, he had decided to turn back and
help him. A glance at his men convinced
him that he should give them opportunity
to rest. He had been in camp when Farel
materialized out of the bush with but a
handful of his section..

  Farel had been incoherent, worried to the
point of insanity at the thought of how
his action would be considered in Kayes.
Champdor had been forced to take the brunt
of the work, even allowing Farel to ride his
horse, as Farel’s own mount had been lost
in the retreat. During a short halt Champ-
dor had gone out to inspect the sentries,
and had been struck by a stray bullet, fired
into the camp by the enemy. During his
short unconscious moment, the bearers had
been cut up severely. All night long there
had been fighting. Toward dawn, Farel dis-
appeared. Anxious for his safety, Champ-
dor sought for him, and found him, appar-
ently dying, in the thicket. Farel was clad
in a Tirailleur's uniform, and the natural
conclusion to be drawn, was that he had
been trying to escape alone, fearing that
the mission was doomed.

  Five hours later, the detachment had met
the Niagassola garrison.

  In the closing paragraphs of the report,
Champdor asked leniency for Farel, who,
he said, had been overworked and was ner-
vous, given to elation and quick depression.
The business of mapping, keeping the troops
and bearers in order, combined with the
mental labor of his special work, were re-
sponsible, in Champdor’s opinion, for the
surprizing breakdown of the formerly effi-
cient officer.

  Makam Tiaba, who had shown “great
bravery in combat, and a persistent cheer-
fulness in the face of the gravest danger,”
Champdor recommended for the Legion of
Honor, the black sergeant already possessing
the other decorations within the gift of the
French Republic.

  Fleurac informed Farel that in the begin-
ning, the opinion in Kayes was against
Champdor. Then it developed that the
natives of the mission told the same tale of
the movement before Fabou’s forces. In
any case, the questioning of negro soldiers
and bearers had to be carried on carefully,
for fear of the scandal a white man’s de-
fection in moment of danger, would create
throughout the Sudan.

  It was a question of believing that Farel
had broken under a terriffic strain, or that
Champdor was the most colossal liar of the
age. The latter’s evident concern over the
fate of his friend, his numerous sincere in-
quiries as to his health at the hospital,
precluded the latter thought.

  Farel recalled the night Champdor had
The Figurehead

27

attempted suicide. He himself had realized,
that because of the disaster his decision to
stay in the village would be regarded as
foolhardy. A success never has to be ex-
plained, a failure always.-- And Champdor
had been the one to give the explanation.

   "Then, Fleurac, I presume I’ll face a court
martial when I reach France.”

  “No, it’s this way: Combeau never be-
lieved you guilty. He even called Champ-
dor into private conference. What went on,
no one knows. Combeau shouted angrily,
his voice could be heard. Champdor came
out, shaky, but smiling. And the court
martial talk ended then and there. Fear
of scandal—lack of absolute proof perhaps.
And perhaps, consideration for you because
of your splendid record previous to the
mission.”

  “What’s your opinion, Fleurac?”

  “When I remember you as you were, I
don’t believe a ——• word of the whole busi-
ness. But you were under a mental strain—•
it’s been proved by your paralysis. The
doctors say you had a shock previous to
your wounds.”

  “There was poison on the spears, the
doctor in Kayes believes that! A poison
strong enough to keep me in a state of semi-
catalepsy for months, a poison that slowly
worked out of my system. I know nothing
of medicine, but a good deal about native
poisons. I’ve heard of cases similar to mine
among the blacks.”

  “Possibly, but I’ve met Champdor, be-
fore he went back to France, and he seems
above that sort of thing—'lying. What—
what could be his reason, anyway?”

  “Perhaps to discredit me-■”

  “Your carnet de route (campaign note
book) halted with the statement that Fabou
had opened fire. It said nothing of in-
structions given to Champdor. It is a fact,
that had you been calm, you would have
made some note of the argument.”

  “I had no way of knowing it would be
needed, and I had other things to do.”

  “I am only telling you what appears from
surface evidence. You must realize that
this—this is very embarrassing to me,
Farel.”

  “Yes, I realize that. And I appreciate
your frankness.”

  “I don’t understand,” Fleurac went on,
“and not understanding, I have deferred
judgment.” Fleurac did not seem anxious
to carry the discussion farther. “I have an

engagement to play cards. See you again

soon-”

  With that, he left.

Farel, dazed by what he had heard,
leaned over the rail, and stared at the foamy

crests of the waves.

  Champdor seemed to have covered every
angle of his story. He had thought of
everything except that Farel might live!
An overwhelming rage rose up within him
as he recalled Champdor, smiling, pink-
cheeked, suave.

  It is a police axiom that no man ever
covers his trail completely. There existed
a flaw in this tissue of falsehoods. But
where? And how could he uncover the
proof? Makam Tiaba knew something of
the truth. He knew that permission had
been refused him to go back and help Farel.
But Makam was a negro, a non-com; and
Farel’s conduct would be generally blamed
if he caused a “stink.” That Makam Tiaba
would testify for him, he was certain. But
how would his action be taken by the white
officers in Kayes? The case had never pre-
sented itself before. The man who creates
a precedent is leaping in the dark.

THE medical board in Bordeaux
kept Farel in hospital for a
month. His case had been pecu-
liar, much discussed, and he was
kept “under observation.”

  Then he was sent to the home garrison
of his regiment in Toulon. But before being
assigned to duty, he received an unsolicited
special leave of a year. Being anxious to
return to Africa, he protested that he was
willing to cut his period of rest to six months.
Then, the truth was gently advanced by a
kindly major: He was being given this op-
portunity to gently withdraw from the regi-
ment, to save himself the humiliation of
public reprimand. A man as “nervous” as
he had proved, could not be trusted im-
mediately with another command—any-
where. Perhaps, much later, when things
had settled down, he could apply for service.
In the meanwhile, all wished him the best
of luck.

  Farel understood, bowed, and donned
civilian clothes.

  He wrote to Combeau who, he learned,
was in Indo-China, in charge of a division
operating against the Black Flags.

Faced with a long period of idleness, with
no family save a few distant relatives

m
28

Adventure

scattered throughout France, Farel sought
employment. His excursion into the field
of ethnology had brought him into contact
with various periodicals. He soon found a
position at a fair salary on the staff of a
political weekly well known for its caustic
humor.

  In Paris no one cared about his record in
the Sudan. Africa was but a name to the
majority of people he met. Gradually he
sank into the routine of urban existence, be-
came accustomed to a certain restaurant for
lunch, another for dinner, became a member
of a club. Two to four hours a day he sat
at a desk, distilled sarcastic comment on
colonial subjects, his assigned task, smoked
numerous cigarets, and exchanged impres-
sions on art, women and current events,
with the affable, ironical fellow workers of
the office.

  In a surprizingly short time his recol-
lection of Africa grew dim. One night, on
the boulevards, he met a small party of
Sudanese negroes, under the escort of a
colonial officer. They were talking in a
dialect he should have known, but he could
not understand.

  Combeau’s reply, received seven months
after his own letter had been written, was
encouraging. The colonel advised him that
he intended to return to France soon and
would probably be assigned to the Sudan.
He assured Farel of his complete belief in
him. Farel, searching his emotions for the
elation the letter should have brought, was
amazed at himself. The new life seemed to
have gripped him securely. He doubted the
wisdom of a return to Africa. It were better
to let well enough alone.

  Months later, while reading his morning
paper on the terrace of his favorite cafe, he
came across Combeau’s name. Looking
closer, he started.

  Combeau was dead.

  Somewhere in the bush between Lang-
Son and Bac-Le, a Winchester bullet from
a yellow pirate’s carbine— A brief sketch
of Combeau’s career, adventurous, filled
with exotic names, followed, with an edi-
torial comment regretting the passing of the
picturesque figure, a soldier of legend.

  Farel recalled the massive face, the strong
chin and iron-gray hair, the clear piercing
eyes. Gone, finished, Combeau! With
Combeau, something of himself seemed to
have died; he had been strangely linked to
the stern old fellow, linked by an affection

passing the commonplace respect and ad-
miration of a subaltern for a superior officer.
What was the use of hoping further?

  When his leave expired he asked for a
three year extension, which was granted
without demur. No one cared whether he
came back or not.

  Not even himself.

  Three years. Not a long time when every
minute of the day is filled. Farel grew in
weight; his face had long since lost the sun-
burn. There were times, when he looked in
the mirror while shaving, that he wondered
if this heavy-jowled civilian with the smug
expression were himself.

  He ate heartily, and his knees creaked
often when he walked. The suppleness of
body had long since left him. He found that
he worried over the choice of a hat or the
color of a tie. His greatest thrill was
reached at the races, when he laid cautious
bets on favorites. Occasionally a twinge
of pain between the shoulders reminded him
of the past. And, remembering, he marveled
that he had ever risked his life for anything
as intangible as an ideal.

  He congratulated himself on his lucky
escape. Had not Champdor played his little
trick, he might be lying under a hastily
heaped mound, rotting into nothingness.

  As his extended leave drew to a close, he
decided to resign definitely from the army.
What was the use of remaining officially a
member? What did he care, in any event,
for the opinion of a class of men whose
brains were as pliable as their sword scab-
bards?

HE AWOKE late on a balmy
summer day, his head aching from
wine and assorted liquors ab-
sorbed in the course of the previ-
ous night’s entertainment.

  His evening attire, crumpled in a heap on
a chair, demanded attention. Neat, a sol-
dierly habit never forgotten, Farel folded
the coat and opened a drawer. The wrong
drawer, probably, because he caught sight
of his uniform coat, brass buttons tarnished,
with the gold-striped sleeves folded across
the breast like a dead man’s hands. Ten-
tatively, Farel took out the coat. Then
impelled by some urge, he drew it on
and tried to button it. It fitted fairly
well across the shoulders, but the last
two buttons refused to slip into the ap-
pointed slits.
The Figurehead

29

  He threw the garment into the drawer,
and closed it with a meaning slam.

  He dressed and went out. The morning
was warm, the sun shone on the window
panes. Instead of calling a cab, he decided
to walk. At the end of a quarter mile, he
puffed. But he kept on, doing a bit of
serious thinking. He was far from being
an old man in age. But in body—in point
of view?

  Other men in civilian life kept fit, why
not he? He became aware that the man
who has once tasted action softens quickly
in the ease of city life, disintegrates in
strength more than the chap who has never
lived in the open. A lion tamer, for Farel
had friends in many walks of life now, had
told him that the animals born in captivity
were stronger and healthier than those who
had been captured, after tasting wild
existence.

  “I’ll do a little fencing and riding, and
melt this off,” he thought.

  He found a bundle of notes and clippings
on his desk. Pinned to them a piece of
paper bearing the scrawled note:

Cook up something salty about this. We

need it to fill in. Slam the ruthless method of

the colonial army, lay on the horror stuff thick.

Former nigger-killer yourself, you know how.

  Farel smiled. The colonial policy of the
government was always something to fall
back upon when news of current interest
dwindled.

  Leisurely he scanned the notes and clip-
pings. In the fall the Chambers would be
asked for a new credit for the Sudan. A
railway was to be built from Kayes to
Bamako. At that time, Farel’s periodical
was backing a certain mongol-faced poli-
tician, who systematically opposed colonial
growth and expenditure for that purpose.
Too much money was being spent on the
Sudan, he thought.

  Farel drew out paper and pen.

  Against his will memory assailed him—
and with it, remorse. He recalled officers
who had gone out not properly equipped
for a tremendous task, who had died be-
cause the government seemed to believe that
extra Tirailleurs cost too much money.

  The sun, through plate glass windows,
swamped him in reminiscent warmth. A
ray leaped across the polished surface of the
desk into his eyes, as the light had spilled
into them long ago, on the trails when the
noonday heat shimmered over smooth

rocks. He glanced at the hand holding the
pen; fat, pink, pudgy.

His left hand crumpled the sheets into a
ball, which he swept into the basket. He
flung the pen on the inkstand, and got up.
From the hook behind him, he took his hat.
The “big boss” looked up, surprized.

  “I’m leaving,” Farel announced.

  “I can see you don’t feel well,” the other
admitted. “Ten, tomorrow, if you can. I’d
like to have that,” he pointed to the papers.

  “You don’t understand. I’m leaving for
good.”

  The boss motioned to a chair.

  “Sit down and talk it over. If it’s a mat-
ter of salary, I’ve been thinking for a long
time—well, state any reasonable amount.
You’re more or less alone in your field, and
you can hold me up safely. What’s the
trouble?” ,

  “I’m tired of it here. And I don’t want
to write stuff I don’t believe.”

  “That, little one, doesn’t matter. The
one who reads is the one to believe.”

  “No, I’m through,” Farel insisted.

  “As you will. I have no chains on you.”
He scribbled a few words on a piece of paper
which he handed to Farel. “The cashier
will give you what’s due you, and two
months over. If you decide to come back
it will support you on a much needed vaca-
tion. If not, it’s a sort of bonus. A rest is
all you need, I say, to get such crazy notions
out of your hot head. Do your newly
acquired principles forbid your shaking
hands with me!”

  “No,” laughed Farel. “Thank you!”

  He closed the door, wiped his feet on the
mat, and emerged into the street, a free man.
“Free?” he asked of himself.

  His next visit was to the minister of the
navy. Obviously, his name had been for-
gotten. He was assured that he would be
permitted to reenter the naval infantry soon.

  He was. With true governmental psy-
chology, the authorities placed Farel, eager
for action, fired with enthusiasm, in a
French garrison. It took him a year to
obtain his transfer to the Sudan.

“A FOOL—I was a fool to come
back!”

  A splendid conclusion, Farel
told himself, for a man faced with
a two years’ sojourn.

  But thirty-two is not twenty-seven.
When five years have gone by it is difficult
30

Adventure

to grasp the broken threads and start anew.
When Farel had made his decision to return
he had thought that it would be sufficient
to say, “I am what I was.”

  But he found that he had forgotten a
hundred details of army life. The negro
soldiers who had been pliable in his hands,
appeared to have grown dull, stubborn,
during his absence. The sun was no longer
caressing, but hit his body with a material
impact that dazed him. t He, who had sel-
dom been indisposed in three years of cam-
paigning, went down for several days with
malarial fever soon after reaching Kayes.

  His habits had been shattered. He knew
hours when he would gladly have ex-
changed his present lot for the old desk,
when he would have abandoned the mess-
room for the dining hall of a big hotel, with
music, lights and all the trimmings he had
scorned. His supply of cigarets gave out
quickly. He could not find the same brand
in the canteen. He suffered out of all pro-
portion to this slight privation, he who had
lived on canned beef and boiled rice for
weeks on a stretch.

  And Kayes also had changed.

  Civilization, or rather the outward, ma-
terial evidence of civilization, had crept up
the Senegal River. Buildings, huge when
compared to the flimsy structures that had
sheltered the French advance in Farel’s
time, loomed high above the stream. The
artillery department had erected long sheds
for supplies. The white traders had come.
There existed several cafes. On the rail-
road embankment that cut the town in
halves, locomotives whistled and panted,
car-wheels rattled over fish-joints.

  A subtle change had taken place among
the natives. The wealthier black traders
were arrogant, with an absurd self-esteem
they had never possessed under the iron
grip of their own chiefs. Farel often en-
countered little boys, books in hand, minus
trousers, but already well grounded in the
rights of man and citizen, though less well
grounded in his duties. The problem that
always arises when two races different in
color and texture of soul come together was
beginning to assume importance.

  As for the warlike native chiefs, there had
been several campaigns since Farel left.
Fabou, after his failure to capture the two
isolated white men, had been replaced by
Malinkamory, another brother of Samory.
Malinkamory, in spite of his willingness to

fight, met with no great success. The
columns sent against him cut through his
his forces. Samory, tired of constant de-
feat, demanded peace. For several months
now, he had left the French alone. His
armies were engaged against a native rival,
Fama Tieba, of Sikosso.

ONE afternoon, his work over for
the day, Farel left the Gallieni
Pavilion where he was quartered
for a stroll along the tree-lined
avenues.

  The heat was still intense, but the coming
night brought with it a suggestion of a
breeze. Farel gained the long boulevard,
parallel to the river, which led to the powder
house, the hospital and the cemetery, the
beginning, the middle, and the end, as he
had often remarked.

  A native, passing by, glanced up into his
face, recognized him after five years and
hailed him joyously. Farel shrugged. To
think that he had ever considered negroes
likable, that he had trusted to their in-
stinct! This black, no doubt, would have
admired Champdor.

  He reached the cemetery, passed between
rows of crosses and looked at names. Yes,
so and so had got “his” at last. By the
dates, he computed which of the graves
might have been his, had his military life
gone on uninterrupted. The name on this
cross was that of a captain he had once
served under, a genial chap with a wife
and two children. Farel touched his hel-
met perfunctorily.

  He had an hour to kill before dinner, and
so he kept on walking. He passed through
a group of native huts. Before him, chil-
dren trooped, begging for a coin. He sent
them away gruffly.

  Few white men came here. Probably at
this hour they were gathered about their
absinthe. That was one solution of a
problem—drink. One absinthe would
deepen the gloom. Two would lift the
spirit. And by the fourth or fifth troubles
vanish.

  No white men here—he was mistaken.

  A second lieutenant walked ahead of him,
the single gold stripe scintillating on each
sleeve. Evidently he was not easily af-
fected by the heat, for he wore a dark
broadcloth uniform, and high boots. Farel
was surprized at the man’s bulk and the
stately step. He glanced at the great
The Figurehead

31

hands in white cotton gloves, dress gloves.
Decidedly the fellow went in for show.

  Impelled by a longing for companionship,
Farel hastened his step, reached the white-
helmeted figure.

  “It’s a warm day,” he suggested, for
want of a better remark.

  “Quite warm,” remarked the other, turn-
ing toward him.

  Farel started. The second lieu tenant
was black! One of the few commissioned
officers of his race.

  “I’m glad to see you again, Lieutenant
Farel,” he said gravely.

  “Makam Tiaba!”

  “I did not hope to see you again, Lieu-
tenant. 2^ hey told me you had gone for
good.”

  Farel was surprized at Tiaba’s ease of
expression in French, at his use of the formal
you instead of thou.

  “I compliment you on your promotion,
Makam. And on your French.”

  Tiaba lifted his heavy shoulders wearily,
another French mannerism.

  “I did not desire to become more than a
sergeant, Lieutenant,” he declared. “But
they said I should. I was sent to Dakar,
where I learned French—and something of
reading and writing.”

  “What are you doing now?” Farel asked.
“Say thou, Lieutenant,” Tiaba begged.
“It will seem more like old times.”

  Makam Tiaba did not seem his good-
natured self. He was evidently annoyed.
“Art thou happy, then?”

  “Not as formerly. Things have changed.”
  “How?”

  “I’m an officer. More than other blacks
and less than a white man.”

  “Foolish reasoning, Tiaba,” chid Farel.
  “Why dost thou say that?”

  “I cannot explain. While acquiring this
rank and the knowledge of French, I have
lost much. My men trusted me as a ser-
geant. Now when there is a white man
near-by, even if only a corporal of infantry,
they look to him when in need. My section
seems to feel that it is being discriminated
against, not being commanded by a white
man.”

  Farel knew the truth of this, but he felt
genuinely sorry for Tiaba, who was under-
going his transformation.

  “They’ll get used to it,” he consoled.
“As time goes, more and more will blacks
become officers. And the Tirailleurs will

end by liking warriors of their own color to
lead them.”

  “I doubt that,” Tiaba protested. He
pulled a metal-cased watch from his pocket,
glanced at the dial. Then, noticing Farel’s
amused glance, “Thou seest, Lieutenant,
the sun is not good enough for me any more.
I use a watch instead of the shadows on the
ground. I have installed my home close to
here, and was getting back from the bar-
racks for the evening meal. I am not as
others who live in town when they become
officers.” Farel did not comment, so
Makam went on. “Wilt thou come and see
my place?”

  Together they entered a court-yard,
where thin chickens were cackling. Several
huts, large, clean, occupied an angle.

  “Thou art wealthy, Makam Tiaba.”

  “My pay means more to me than a white
man.”

  He called out and several women in gor-
geous boubous issued from the huts.

  “My wives.” Then Makam indicated
children of varying ages. “My pi’c’kins.”
“Almost enough to form a section!”
“They won’t be soldiers,” Tiaba in-
formed him. “The taste for fighting is not
in them as it was in the boys of my time.
They go to school.”	*'

  Farel thought he discerned a note of re-
gret in his former non-com’s voice..

  Makam Tiaba suddenly left him, disap-
peared into a hut. That was his first de-
parture from white man’s courtesy. Farel
was glad that the big black had preserved at
least one of his customs. A departure is ex-
plained by its purpose and needs no apology.

  The native officer returned soon, followed
by a short woman, younger than the
others, and better looking.

  “Dost thou know her, Lieutenant?”

  Farel shook his head.

  The woman was like other Malinke wo-
men save for rather regular, fine features.
It was possible that he had seen her around
Makam’s quarters, years ago.

  The woman giggled, shrilly.

  “I be Kalogue!” she announced.

  “Allah be praised, thou art grown!”

  In five years Kalogue had become a ma-
tron. Another five years and she would be
aging. Life sped quickly for women in the
tropics.

  “Thou wert almost a warrior once, Ka-
logue,” Farel said. “Dost thou still know
how to climb cliffs?”
32

Adventure

   “I catch pi’c’kin now,” she said proudly,
 and indicated the hut.

   Tiaba dismissed her with a gesture.

   “You were gone,” he explained. “Her
 village was in the region of the fighting.
 I kept her with my women, and married
 her.”

   ‘The—the other lieutenant—did he not
 say what should be done with her?”

   “Lieutenant Champdor left for France,
 and gave no orders. Then—” Tiaba
 paused, hesitated—“I know all. But I
 could not speak.”

   Farel remembered that he had not al-
 lowed Tiaba to speak, to discuss Champdor.
 And he still felt that he had done right at
 the time.

   “What’s past is past,” he declared. He
 called Kalogue, who was volubly speaking
 to the other women, probably retelling her
 exploits in the Boure. “I promised thee a
 woman’s necklace once. It shall be thine
 soon.”

   “There is no need,” Kalogue assured him
 in a dialect. “Makam Tiaba, my huzband,
 has already given it to me—when I spoke of
 thy promise. See!” She held up a string
 of gold pieces for his admiration.

   Tiaba had redeemed his chief’s promise
 as his own—naturally. It was best for
 Farel to accept this added mark of loyalty—
 naturally. And so nothing more was said.

   Again Makam’s watch flashed from his
 pocket.

   “Thou wilt be late for dinner, Lieutenant,
 unless thou dost ride. My horse is here.”

   As Farel rode away, he realized that the
 veil hanging between himself and the past
 was lifting. Makam Tiaba, with his frank
 manly talk, had been refreshing. He had
 brought up a wave of remembrance, not
 „ memories of injustice and bitterness. With
 Tiaba’s testimony he could puncture
 Champdor’s statements to a great extent.
 But was it worth while to rake up the past?
 And, again, the old question faced him,
 unavoidable as ever. True, Tiaba was an
 officer now, his word counted. But he
 was black, and Farel was puzzled over the
 peculiar ethics of the case.

   Before going up to his room he halted in
 front of the bulletin board, an old habit.
 Telegraphic news from France was often
 posted there, beside the notices and orders
 more immediately concerned with the
 military activities in the Sudan.

   He recalled that the list of officers to be

 assigned to the next column had been an-
 nounced for tonight.

  His name was there, heading the lieu-
tenants, followed by Sparbes and Besans.
Besans was an artilleryman, Farel did not
know him well. Sparbes, he had met re-
cently, a young man, not over twenty-five.
Farel’s four years out of the army and his
blurred record had kept him from being
promoted, so that of the men he had known
not one was still of his rank. He was
starting again, at the bottom. The others
had gone up, and he found himself with new
arrivals. Perhaps the captain in com-
mand-

  He looked closer at the paper.

  He had half expected what he saw.

GUSTAVE CHAMPDOR

  He neither started nor cursed. He could
see the name as it had looked in Combeau’s
clear writing on the letter he had received
in Kita. Then it had struck him with a
premonition of evil.

  Why was Champdor returning? Why
had he himself come back? Had he been a
fool?

  Perhaps not.

IT HAD been his custom since
his arrival to ascend to the mason-
ry terrace for his after-dinner
smoke.

  The gun platform, in the dim glow of the
new moon, seemed an islet detached from
the rest of the universe and suspended in
the limpid sky midway between the gleam-
ing river and the stars. The silhouette of a
sentry, vague, could be glimpsed at the far
end. The metal of the Hotchkiss quick-
firers glowed like dull silver in the pools of
shadow cast by the mountings.

  A tall form, in white tunic and trousers,
with the glowing tip of a cigaret growing
and dwindling at each puff, approached.
Farel recognized Sparbes, the lieutenant he
was to aid in the handling of the Tirailleurs
when the column set out. Sparbes was
gaunt, elongated, with an exaggerated
length of arms and legs. A long mustache
split his face in two, causing him to resemble
a hungry cat.

  “Am I disturbing you?” he asked.
“Want to be alone?”

  “No,” Farel held up his cigaret. “Just
finishing this.”
The Figurehead

33

  “You’re queer these days,” offered Spar-
bes, thoughtfully.

 “How—queer?”

 “In turn gloomy and elated. In -

half the time, seeing angels the rest; judg-
ing by your expression.”

  “An observing turn of mind, yours,”
Farel said light.

  “Not as a rule,” retorted Sparbes. “But
when I see a fellow like you fretting, I
wonder if there’s anything I can do to help
him out.”

  Farel was not surprized. For two weeks
he had been almost constantly with Sparbes,
busy clearing up the immense detail work
that accompanied the sending out of a
column. Farel liked Sparbes. Half amused,
half interested, he had perceived Sparbes’
growing friendship after a first period of
doubt. He had “heard” perhaps. All this
without a word spoken of the past. Sparbes
was too young to conceal his inner thoughts.
Farel now put him at ease.

 “You’ve heard things against me,
Sparbes. You were told that I was an un-
trustworthy sort of fool.”

  “Brutally put, that’s it. But I’ll tell you

right now, I don’t give a - for what

any one says!”

  “Experience will teach you that you are
absolutely wrong there. There is never
smoke without fire. I merely inform you of
that general fact, with all due regard for
your youthful impulsiveness and loyalty.”
“I have been in the habit of forming my
own opinions since I was permitted to don
trousers. I have seen more then a little of
you in the last few days, and—well you
know what I mean.”

  “I think I do.”

  “What monstrous juggling of facts went
on, I can not tell,” Sparbes said, hinting for
Farel’s side of the story.

  “I’m in a difficult position. I’d rather
not talk without proof.”

  “Even to me?”

  “Even to you.”

  “That’s what lost you, Farel! First you
couldn’t talk. Then you didn’t.”

  “It was a matter between white men.”
Sparbes seemed about to speak, then,
deferring to Farel’s expressed wish, he re-
mained silent.

  “Champdor is in town, I believe,” Farel
said.

  “Yes. In the building. Had dinner with
the commander-in-chief, tonight. I came

up to tell you. The others are talking, won-
dering what will happen when you meet.”

  “I’m going down now, then-”

  When they entered the room, Farel be-
came aware of a sudden stop in the conver-
sation. Behind him he could hear an ex-
pectant rustle from the men who had fol-
lowed, unwilling to miss the meeting be-
tween the two officers of the Boure Mission.

  Champdor was in the midst of a group of
officers, and perfectly at ease. His figure
still held the suggestion of tremendous
vitality. His new uniform, gold braid at
shoulders and sleeves, the embroidered
regimental number at the coat collar stood
out as conspicuously among the baggy whites,
as did his smooth, pink skin among the
faces tanned by the too strong sun, or yel-
lowed by fever.

  Aware of the sudden silence, Champdor
glanced about him, saw Farel near the
doorway.

  Without a trace of embarrassment or
emotion, he strode across the floor, hand
outstretched.

  “Glad to see you again, Farel.”

  “Good evening, Captain Champdor,”
Farel replied. “Lieutenant Sparbes, mon
capitaine, our comrade.”

  “I have asked for another officer,”
Champdor announced, after acknowledging
Sparbes’ salute, and shaking his hand. “I
have been granted two companies, and
thought it advisable to have a third in-
fantry officer. A native sub-lieutenant,
fresh from Dakar, I hear.”

  While he spoke, heels pounded carelessly
on the threshold, the hum of voices had
lifted again. The long-looked-for meeting
between Champdor and Farel was over.

  “I think you already know him,” Farel
went on. “Makam Tiaba, who was ser-
geant in our days.”

  “Tiaba,” Champdor continued to be
unruffled. “An excellent fellow if I recall
rightly.”

  Farel, for the first time, noticed that
Champdor’s hair at the temples was gray,
almost white. That was the sole change.

  “We will not delay long in Kayes,” the
captain informed his lieutenants. “Know-
ing you, I am certain that everything has
been attended to.”

  Farel bowed his acknowledgement of the
compliment.

  That was all. A few commonplace re-
marks, and Champdor took leave, returned
34

Adventure

to the group he had been talking with when
Farel entered the room.

  “Not at all what I expected,” Sparbes
said, after they had passed through the
outer veranda.

  “What did you expect?”

  “I believed he would be nervous. He—
he seems quite a decent sort.”

  Farel nodded..

  “He seems—” Sparbes rectified.

  So Sparbes had at first been impressed
by Champdor’s genial manner! Farel
was grateful for the subtle correction.
Here at least was a man who went
behind the first effect of Champdor’s mag-
netic charm, admitted that which was
apparent—and reserved judgment on the
character.

  “And he’s to be in command,” Sparbes
resumed. “I think many things will be
clear before this column gets back.”

 The column under Champdor was to
move against Ahmadou Cheikou, King of
the Tukuleurs.

  While the French were engaged against
Samory, Ahmadou had interfered with
the commerce of the newly acquired ter-
ritories. He had permitted his men to
halt both the land caravans and the
canoes that sought to travel down the
Niger to Segou. Repeated demands for
consideration had been laughed at. One
of Ahmadou’s leaders had declared that
the protests of the French concerned him
less than a mosquito buzzing near his
ears. So that, to uphold the nation’s
dignity, Ahmadou Cheikou must be chas-
tised. There was also the incidental fact
to be considered. Ahmadou held land that
France wanted.

  The first part of the route of the column
was identical with that followed by the
Boure Mission, passing from Kayes to
Bafoulade, then through Kita and Niagas-
sola, on to Niafadie, ending at Siguiri, but a
short distance from the village where Farel
had fought Fabou.

  At Siguiri, two eighty-millimeter moun-
tain cannon, under Besans, the sub-lieu-
tenant of artillery, would arrive from Ba-
mako to join the outfit. There, too,
Champdor would find his supplies, and
bearers to transport them. With a full
supply train and the two guns, Champdor
then would follow the left bank of the
Niger toward the territory of Segou, where
Ahmadou had massed his men.

THEY passed the spot where Fa-
rel had been wounded, then where
Champdor had tried to end his life.
The captain had not said a word,
the expression of his face had not changed.

  When the column marched into Siguiri,
Champdor was informed that the expected
bearers had not been gathered. There were
reasons for the failure of the officials to ob-
tain the numerous bearers needed by a
column of Champdor’s importance.

  For nearly ten years, the country had
been devastated by swarms of armed men.
Bearers had been requisitioned in great
numbers during that time. Many had died
at the task. The survivors asked for noth-
ing, except to be allowed to till their land in
quiet. Neither promises of reward, nor
appeals to their loyalty to the French,
stirred them to action. They had learned
that the bearer’s life was not a bed of roses.
A heavy burden which wore the scalp raw,
lash-blows from the overseers when there
were no white men about, the risk of being
slain by the swarming riders of the native
chiefs combatting the French—that was
the bearer’s lot. The money compensa-
tion, although considerable, was not suffi-
ciently tempting.

  Champdor was informed, however, that
between Niagassola and Niafadie he could
find all the bearers he desired. The captain
could well ask why he had not been in-
formed of the fact while passing those
towns. He was forced to accept the situa-
tion as it was, not as it might have been.

  The last expedition against Samory had
freed a horde of captives, toughened to the
head-loads, and not yet attached to homes
by the possession of land. These men
would be glad to resume for pay the work
they had formerly done for nothing.

  Thereupon, Farel and Sparbes were sent
back to recruit them.

  The work was absurdly easy. Not only
were the men willing to go but they would
take their families with them, as they had
done under Samory. For every bearer
engaged, Farel thus obtained several unpaid
substitutes, the men’s wives, who would re-
lieve the lord and master of his head-load
part of the time, thereby keeping the trans-
portation gang fresh. Also the presence
of women and children would prevent de-
sertion should trouble develop. Family
loyalty is a strong instinct in the Suda-
nese negro.
The Figurehead

35

  The trip to Nagassola would have been
eventless, had not Sparbes, while examining a
new sporting gun, lacerated his thumb in
the lever. Farel, knowing how an appar-
ently insignificant hurt could develop if not
attended to, coaxed him to consult the doc-
tor of the outpost.

   The toubib doctor, a good-natured fellow,
thirty-five years old at the most, was the
possessor of a black beard of extraordinary
length, admired by negroes, who measure
distinction by inches of chin ornament.
He had been at the post two years, and
was much interested in Sudanese plant life,
confessing to having published several
papers in a medical magazine. Farel told
him of many popular beliefs concerning the
herbs used by the fetish-men to cure illness
and to poison their enemies.

   During the conversation, the doctor took
the time to open a large book, and write
casually.

  “Are you writing about my thumb?”
Sparbes asked curiously.

  “Yes. And the nature of your wound.
It is herein recorded that Sparbes, Achille,
Lieutenant in the first Sudanese Tirailleurs
and presumed to know a rifle from a pitch-
fork, injured his hand on a carbine. You
can never live that down.”

   Farel looked up.

  “Do you always do that? I mean, is it
just a habit with you, or do all toubibs keep
a record?”

   “All military doctors, yes. With us, out
here, it serves a double purpose. We can
say at a glance, who, among the Tirailleurs
were allowed off duty while sick, and when.
We can compare the result of various treat-
ments on similar cases.”

   “How long have the records at this post
been kept?”

  “I don’t know. Probably ever since the
beginning. They’re left here to help the
next chap.”

   “Is the register for 18— here in Niagas-
sola?”

   “Should be.”

   “Could I have a look at it?”

   “Why?” the doctor asked curiously.
“During that year I was brought into this
post on a stretcher. I’d be curious to see
what the immediate verdict was.”

  The doctor rubbed his palm over his
high forehead.

   “I don’t know whether it’s quite regular
   —how much of a private document it is,”

he objected at first, “but I don’t see the
harm. I guess none of the others are over-
modest concerning their ailments.”

   He got up and went to a closet in a corner
of the white-washed room, fumbled with
several large books, glancing at the dates.

   He handed Farel the requested record.

  While Farel turned the pages, Sparbes
engaged the loquacious doctor in conversa-
tion, asking details on the further treatment
of his “wound.”

Farel, Raoul. Lieutenant, Boure Mission.

  The entry mentioned that Farel had lost
much blood, that the spear thrusts “in-
terested” in all probability vital organs, and
that he had no chance of recovery. In fact
the notation finished with the remark that
the lieutenant could not survive twenty-
four hours.

Champdor, Gustave. Lieutenant, Boure Mission.

   Farel had found what he was looking for.

  He knew that Champdor, with a bloody
bandage around his head, could not have
avoided medical attention. According to
record, Champdor had suffered from a lacer-
ation of the scalp, near the right temple.
The skin was burned, the hair singed. The
missile had evidently been fired de bas en
haut, from below upward.

   Farel closed the book and returned it to
the doctor.

  “The twenty-four hours granted me
threaten to become twenty-four years.”

   “We have a record that beats yours,” the
doctor offered. “About the time of the
Boure Mission, a black was brought in—a
chief. His men had picked him up on the
trail, and knowing there was a doctor here,
surrendered him to save his life. He was
like a sieve, bayonet wounds all over his
chest. They tell me you could cover five
of them with one hand. And he lived.
He’s around somewhere. Settled down, be-
cause he said he couldn’t fight us after
what we’d done for him.”

   “Tekouba?”

    “That’s the fellow! Say, is there any one
you don’t know around here?”

   “I was, at one time, tolerably well ac-
quainted.” Farel then told of his encounter
with the native leader. “I granted Te-
kouba his life. As if to reward me, Who-
ever pulls the strings that makes us dance
like puppets through this existence, allowed
me to live after suffering similar wounds.
36

Adventure

A sort of offering to Fate, the way the fe-
tishists make sacrifices to their wooden
gods. The longer one lives in this land,
the less one scorns the customs.”

  When at last they left the doctor, Sparbes
was the first to speak.

  “You found out something—I saw your
face change. That’s why I kept him in-
terested.”

  Then Farel told Sparbes—everything.

  It was a relief to break the long silence he
had imposed upon himself. He could speak
now, he had a proof, a white man’s proof.

  “If a single lie can be proved, the whole
report falls down, doesn’t it?”

  “Obviously,” Sparbes agreed. “You can
bring things out anytime now. What are
you going to do? Put your case in the
hands of the Major at Siguiri?”

  “With Champdor under suspicion, he
would not be allowed to retain command.
As his accuser, I would be sent back. The
rainy season would be on before new men
could besent down. The blacks would notice
the withdrawal of officers and wonder—then
matters would take an unhealthy turn.”
“And yet, Champdor is not fit to com-
mand.”

  “We will be three white men on his staff,
including Besans. Makam Tiaba will be
there also. Champdor, I believe, thinks
much of his ability. He knows it was
Makam, and not he, who conducted the
mission after I was ‘truffled.’ The four
of us can guide him, make him do the right
thing. You know we are going to employ
auxiliaries, native'allies. He makes a splen-
did figurehead. Better, we must admit,
than either of us. After his usefulness is
over, then—■” He broke off, glanced at
Sparbes. “Cold-blooded, you think? His
treatment of me held nothing of friendly
warmth. I dislike him, speaking mildly.”
“An eye for an eye, eh?”

  “Something of the kind.”

  “You seem to hold the belief that revenge
is a dish to be eaten cold.”

  “I’ve waited five years,” Farel reminded
him.

“HURRY, sacred sons of
camels!” Besans, the artillery
officer, encouraged his men.

The native gunners grinned as
they unhitched the mules from the limbers.
A little friendly cursing set them at ease.
The stumpy mountain-guns were hauled

by hand behind a convenient rise of earth.

  Farel, who had halted his horse nearby,
turned in the saddle, and saw the somber
lines of Tirailleurs, dotted with red chechias,
swinging into position. The colorful, dis-
orderly mass of the native allies, Bambaras
and Bondukes, scrambled forward in turn,
split into brooklets of men, which seeped
into depressions for shelter.

  Before Farel, the mules of the artillery
passed, trotted out of rifle range. The
indistinct rumor of voices swelled, then he
saw Besans leaning over the guns, fumbling
with the controls. A breach swung open,
the gleaming cylinder of a shell caught the
sun, vanished into the gaping tube. With
a metallic clang, the breech snapped shut.
Besans straightened up, gestured to Champ-
dor, who was ten yards away, on his horse.

  The captain nodded.

  “What time is it?” Besans asked of
Farel.

   “Eight-fifteen.”

  “At nine the panorama over there will
be considerably altered.”

  Six hundred yards away, the massive
red and white walls of Besedougou straggled
on the flank of a hill; of different heights,
built on various levels, they added to the
picturesquesness of the scene. The diom-
foutou, a bit of Sudanese fortification that
corresponds well with the castle-keep of feu-
dal days, reared its angular, distorted sides
at the eastern end of the town. A gigantic
cotton-wood tree, a mass of foliage etched
against the blue sky, dominated the town.

  Besedougou was the first of Ahmadou’s
strongholds in the path of the column.
Garrisoned not only by the paid troops of
the Tukuleur King, but serving as a shelter
for numerous raiding bands fled to cover at
the approach of the French, the position
was a powerful one; moreover, it controlled
the trails between Segou and Nioro. Ac-
cording to Champdor’s instructions, Bese-
dougou was the most important objective.
If he destroyed the stronghold, he would
have done his share. A larger column, the
following dry season, would move toward
Segou to effect the actual conquest.

  Farel knew that Ahmadou was not in
Besedougou, but that he had charged Dia-
kate, a warrior of reputation, with the de-
fense. In spite of this, if Besedougou fell,
a great blow would be struck at Ahmadou’s
prestige already somewhat damaged by his
previous defeats.
The Figurehead

37

  “How long will it take you to make a
hole for us?” Farel asked of Besans.

  “By four in the afternoon, I’ll have a
breach.”

  Champdor, field-glasses high, was scan-
ning the soil between his position and the
walls. On a white horse, in a white flannel
uniform as well cut as a full-dress tunic,
epaulettes fringing the shoulders, the gold
anchor of the Naval Infantry shimmering on
the tall helmet like a star, he was, as Farel
had said, a splendid figurehead.

  “Open fire, Besans!” he called.

  “Watch the tree,” Besans said to Farel,
“I’m using it as a landmark.”

  Besans did not know that the cotton-
tree was regarded by the superstitious
natives as the guardian of their dwellings.

  “First piece—fire!” chanted Besans.

  The nearest gun crashed. The servers
promptly dragged it back into place after
the recoil. A dozen yards to the side of
the tree, and as many too short, the shell
landed on the roof of a hut. A yellow puff
of smoke materialized out of nowhere,
flashes winked like concentrated lightning.
The smoke vanished and dust rose from the
pulverized walls.

  “Second piece—fire!”

  A better shot. Branches rained down.
A clamor of astonishment rose from the
town. Rifles were fired from the walls.
The bombardment continued. Besans, af-
ter each discharge, grumbled when his men
were compelled to drag the guns back into
firing position.

  “Five hundred years of artillery!” he said.
“And nothing done to save the recoil.
We call ourselves civilized!”

  Once the range was found, the shells
dropped with mathematical precision on
the point of the wall designated by Champ-
dor as the likeliest spot for access. Besans
varied the performance with an occasional
shrapnel deposited in the reserves of war-
riors in the open places. It was hardly
fair, thought Farel, this artillery prepara-
tion. He would have felt better perhaps,
if the natives had possessed cannon. A
good siege-mortar, squatting on the ram-
parts, would have made the engagement
more interesting.

  “Farel!” Champdor called out, beckoning.

  “Captain?” Farel asked when he had
drawn nearer.

  “I want your opinion, Farel. I received
instructions before leaving Kayes, and I

don’t believe they apply here. But they
have to be tried out.”

  Farel shrugged imperceptibly. Same
Champdor, wanting responsibility shared
when the burden was on him.

  “I have orders to use our allies exclusively
in storming parties. The authorities wish
to save the Tirailleurs. I have been speak-
ing with the chiefs of the auxiliaries, and
they claim their men will not go forward
against the Tukuleurs without a white man
to lead.”

  “That was to be expected.”

  “Makam Tiaba tells me, that without the
Tirailleurs the assault will fail, that the
white man will be abandoned if wounded.
What do you think?”

  “The difference between the Bambaras
under their own chiefs, and our Tirailleurs
is a sense of duty. The Bambaras are
brave—but Tiaba is right. Unless the
soldiers show them the way, they will not
push the assault to a conclusion. And the
white man in charge has a good chance of
being killed, or deserted in midfield. The
natives are still awed by the reputation of
El Hadj Omar, Amadou’s father, and hold
the Tukuleurs in superstitious dread.”
“Nevertheless, I must try to carry out
my orders. I will send Sparbes.”

  “Why Sparbes? Such a choice is usually
made by alphabetical order. F is before
S, it seems to me.”

  Champdor met Farel’s eyes.

  “There are reasons why I can not decently
place you in a dangerous post.”

  “I will relieve you of all remorse, Captain.
I demand to lead the auxiliaries. It’s my
job by rights, and Sparbes should not be
made to suffer for our private—disagree-
ment.”

  “Regardless of any authority I may hold,
I couldn’t send Sparbes forward without
telling you my reason. You realize the—
the position I am in,” Champdor said un-
expectedly. “I wanted you to make the
choice.”

  “It is agreed then.”

  “Agreed.”

  Farel left him, and sought the chiefs of
the auxiliaries. As he talked to them he
realized that they were afraid to storm the
walls without the aid of the Tirailleurs.
The Bambaras were not as reluctant as the
Bondukes. These last, in spite of the
bravery they had shown against Mah-
madou Lamine, at Macadiacounda, were
38

Adventure

extremely nervous. They had been brought
into Segou, far from their homes, and even
Ousman Gassi, their commander, was per-
turbed.

  “We came in the belief that we would
but help the Tirailleurs,'” he declared.
“As for me, I shall take no part in the fight.
I have risked my life for the French enough.
If thou canst make my men fight, do so.”
This was frank, categorical.

  Mourdia, the Bambara leader, did not
refuse to go forward in person. The Tuku-
leurs of Ahmadou were his enemies, and his
men, although disturbed by the failure of
the soldiers to support them, would do their
best.

  At three-thirty in the afternoon, Farel
marshaled the native allies opposite the
steadily widening breach. He would charge
on foot, refusing to make a target of him-
self. Looking at the men behind him, he
knew that they would fail. But Champdor
in this case, was right. Instructions must
be obeyed, before another course could be
tried out.

  Makam Tiaba, blue tunic sparkling with
decorations, high boots shining with a mir-
ror-like polish, a pipe-clayed helmet on his
head, breast criss-crossed with leather
straps supporting revolver and field glasses,
lacking not a single item of his rank’s desig-
nation and privilege, hovered near, scowling.
“Thou’lt be slain,” he repeated. “Is

the captain-”

  Farel cut him short with a gesture.
“Captain Champdor is following orders.”
“I will watch thee, Lieutenant. Surely
he will not have time to prevent my helping
thee, should I be needed.”

  “Until then, there’s nothing to be said.”
  Champdor had come forward.

  “I want to speak to you, Farel.” He
dismissed Tiaba. “This is possibly my
last chance to speak. I have delayed until
now—why, I can not say. I want to tell
you that I—I’m sorry.”

  “A trifle late.”

  “But not too late. One of us may be

killed today-”

 “You and I have a-good idea who

that will be!” Farel pointed out dryly.

  “You never can tell. Don’t make it hard
for me to speak. When we reached Niagas-
sola, the doctors said you would die. You
had no family—nothing. Credit is of no
use to a dead man. It meant everything to
me. I was tempted-•”

  “I realize you didn’t take much of a
chance,” Farel admitted ironically.

  “Don’t think I didn’t feel remorse. This
thing has been on my mind for five years.”
“On mine also.”

  “I was half crazy—wholly crazy.”

  “That’s the most charitable conclusion.”
  “I—I’ll settle it some day.”

“All right,” Farel said impatiently.
“The time to come out and settle things was
when you found out I was alive. Don’t
annoy me now with your belated sorrow.”
“Let me go on.”

  “I won’t waste time listening to your
hypocritical regrets!” Farel almost shouted.

  “I wish I could take your place this after-
noon.”

  “So do I, probably more than you do.”
He turned to go.

  “I have something more to say-”

  “-you!” Farel concluded.

  Champdor’s whining had stirred a deeper
resentment. He hated the captain with
an intense fiery hatred. This last scene
was in keeping with the rest. He had
lacked the courage to give the order for
Farel to lead the assault, but he had had
the courage to ask forgiveness, when he,
Farel, was going—to almost certain death.
Sparbes had come out to bid him luck.
“You know that matter I spoke about
in Niagassola, Sparbes? If I croak out
there, take it up for me.”

  “Don’t worry, I will.”

  Champdor, hovering near for a few mo-
ments, went back to his post of observation.

  “Good luck, eh, and don’t be obstinate,”
Sparbes advised. “If you see you can’t
make it come back for the Tirailleurs.”

  “All right—so long!” I
  Sparbes left.

  Behind Farel, the cannon still resounded,
but the shells were no longer beating the
walls. The diomjoutou was at the receiving
end.

  The lieutenant threw his cigaret away,
drew his sword and placed it under his left
arm.

  “Na! Na!” he cried. “Come on, come on!”
A half-hearted shout answered his cry.
But he started forward, gradually increas-
ing his stride. He half-turned, saw that
he was followed by the swarm of multi-
colored boubous. Both Mourdia, the Bam-
bara chief, and the leader of the Bondukes
assigned by Ousman Gassi, rode magnifi-
cent horses.
The Figurehead

39

  Yet, Farel knew that the real issue rested
on him.

  From the walls, the fusillade opened
furiously. Tremendous cries went up.
The Tukuleurs were rejoicing to have an
opportunity to fight, after the enforced
passivity under the bombardment. The
afternoon sun was behind Farel, sent his
shadow sprawling ahead at each long leap.
The walls of Besedougou were suffused with
a red glow; rifle barrels shone. Through
the thin cloth, the lieutenant felt the glow
on his back, the glow he had craved. He
was strangely content that this should be
his last sensation.

  At almost the same moment, both Mour-
dia and the Bonduke Chief rolled to the
ground with their horses. Mourdia arose,
but the other remained where he had fallen,
a gorgeous blotch of red and white, over
which twinkled the naked legs of the at-
tackers. The Bambara gained his white
chief’s side, the heavy dull tinted blade of
his curved saber jutting from his huge
clenched fist.

  The gaping hole torn by the guns in the
barrier of walls was not far, now. Warriors
knelt in the passage, firing.

  Farel was on the verge of accomplishing
the supposedly impossible; he was bringing
a charge of irregulars to its objective, under
plunging rifle fire, a test of discipline for
trained troops.

  Where a white man led, blacks would ever
follow.

AN IMPACT whirled Farel
about, threw him headlong.

  Attempting to get to his feet,
he fell back heavily. His left
leg was a dead weight now, and a stabbing
pain shot through his bowels. He rolled
on his side, called out to the auxiliaries to
go on—a useless order. The negroes had
turned their backs to the wall the moment
they realized he had fallen.

  The entire party was in headlong flight,
boubous snapping in the wind. The entire
party? He had been unjust. He felt him-
self being lifted. It was Mourdia, the Bam-
bara chief, living up to his title.

  Mourdia had no time for speech. He
hoisted Farel to his shoulder holding him
about the legs, and trotted after his faithless
followers. Farel, who faced the rear, saw
the Tukuleurs firing in his direction. Af-
ter a brief hesitation, a number of them

crossed the debris clogging the breach
and raced into the open. The white
man was a prize worth straining for.
He reached for his revolver, in spite of
his awkward position. But the weapon
had slid from the holster.

  His spirit was well tempered, and did not
fail him. If it was his turn to pass on, it
was his turn. Somehow he regretted his
last words to Sparbes. Facing death, his
own personal problem faded into unim-
portance, compared to the magnitude of the
work to be done.

  Burdened with the white officer, Mourdia
was tiring fast. His step faltered, his
breath came and went in lung-tearing
gasps. In the excitement, the Tukuleur
marksmen failed to find their mark. As
always, they fired too high.

  Abruptly, he found himself among the
Tirailleurs. The well known crackling of
the Gras rifles sounded close by. Mourdia
lowered him to the ground, and dropped
down himself, his body shaking with fatigue
and breathlessness.

  Makam Tiaba, the scowl of battle on his
face, knelt beside the lieutenant.

  “Much sick?” he asked, forgetting his
better French, for the “bush-talk” of the
non-com.

  “Belly—” whispered Farel.

  He had looked down, and seen his trous-
ers and the lower part of his tunic red with
blood. Makam unbuckled the broad belt,
bared Farel’s stomach and thighs. Then,
seeing that the white man had no helmet,
removed his own. The hottest sun could
not injure Makam’s wool-protected cra-
nium.

  He resumed his inspectioit'with cautious
fingers.

  “No be belly,” he announced in a relieved
tone.

  Farel learned that he had been hit in the
groin, a nasty wound, but not necessarily
fatal. Makam Tiaba tore the lieutenant’s
linen shirt, formed a wad which he pressed
over the bleeding hole, and pulled up the
trousers.

  “No bleed no more,” he said, and he in-
formed Farel that he had not waited for
orders but had started out to help as soon
as the white man fell.

  That the captain approved his native
subaltern’s move was soon apparent. An-
other section of Tirailleurs came out to
support Makam. Four Tirailleurs lifted
40

Adventure

Farel and slowly carried him back to the
rear.

  And the three white men came out to
meet him.

IN THE tent shared by Sparbes
and Farel, Besans, who lay
claim to some knowledge of sur-
gery, extracted the bullet. His
unskilled hands probing with the forceps
caused the wounded man intense torture.
But at last the artillery man stood up,
wiped a bullet on a towel.

  “What do you think of that!” he suddenly
exclaimed.

  The missile, identical in shape to the
breach loading ammunition, the side
grooved by rifling, was a bright silver.

  “I should be quite honored,” Farel said.
“Silver bullets are used against fetish-
priests, chiefs reputed to be invulnerable,
and marabouts. The Tukuleurs must hold
us in dread.”

  Besans grinned.

  “On the off chance that more than one
was fired at you, I’ll comb the grounds
after Besedougou is taken. One way of
making a fortune. This one will make a
nice watch charm.”

  “No. I’ll give it to Mourdia for an
amulet—silver bullet dipped in the blood
of a chief. Watch.”

  Mourdia, summoned from the outside
where he had been seated with Makam
Tiaba, entered, and was informed of the
gift. He accepted the bullet with trem-
bling fingers. At that price he would risk
his life every day; a marvelous grisgris and
tobacco—white man’s tobacco!

  “Whal’s the verdict, Besans?” Farel
asked, after the Bambara had left.

  “Bad hole, nasty place. You can’t
walk or ride. You’re due for a stretcher
ride to Kayes and two months on your
back.”

u_

  “If you move your left leg at all, the
wound will open. Think yourself lucky
that you’ll get over it. An inch or so higher
and your bowels would have been per-
forated.”

  “You certainly play in bad luck,” Sparbes
remarked.

  Besans looked askance at this reference
to Farel’s last wounds. Sparbes, realizing
that he had trampled on a dangerous sub-
ject, became embarrassed.

  As for Champdor, he smiled.

  “He’s not as badly off this time,” he
declared. “When he was picked up on the
Niagassola trail he was as good as dead.”
The leisurely tone, the genial smile,
seemed natural enough. Farel contrasted
this self-control in the presence of witnesses,
and the agitated pleading manner before
the charge.

  Besans left soon to attend to the guns,
and Sparbes went out to inspect the new
line, formed when Makam Tiaba had moved
forward.

  “I’m glad you returned alive, Farel.
Without going into any other reason, let
this suffice: Had you been killed, some
would have been found to say I had sent
you to your death.”

  “And why should you wish to do that?”
Farel asked.

  Champdor did not answer the question.
“I have tried to carry out my instructions
and failed,” he said thoughtfully. “You
said once I was not cut out for a soldier—
What should I do now? Send the Tirail-
leurs ahead?”

  “Not this afternoon.”

  “Why not?”

  “They have just seen a charge shattered
and a white man hurt. The auxiliaries
would not support them so soon after
that disastrous first rush.”

  “I counted ninety-five corpses between
here and the breach,” Champdor said,
“I realize that the sight of them rattled
our men. We could drop shrapnel into

the town-”

  “Our ammunition wouldn’t hold out.
Moreover, shrapnel fired against enemies
under cover accomplishes little. The few
casualties that would result would not
lessen the odds against us to any extent.
We’d better save the shrapnel to use during
the attack, when the warriors will come out
into the open to await us,” pointed out
Farel. “The Tukuleurs in Besedougou
are encouraged now and our men are de-
pressed. Let the night pass. With morn-
ing, a new day will come. Negroes forget
quickly. The defeat of today has nothing
to do with tomorrow’s fight. Strange
reasoning, but how else did Samory keep
his warriors in the field?”

  “Knowing me, knowing conditions, would
you advise me to risk Sparbes?”

  “No, frankly. Sparbes is intelligent,
brave, with a world of confidence in his
The Figurehead

4i

own ability. He must not be risked.
Don’t tell him I said so. He’s hot-headed
enough to claim going forward as a right.”
“Besans?”

  “Is a splendid artilleryman, but prob-
ably not capable of handling the column.”

  “I am in command, therefore not at
liberty to—to do as I desire with myself.
There is left—Makam Tiaba. Do you

think-”

  “I do. Try him in the morning.”

  “Thank you, Farel.”

  He was leaving, but Farel spoke up.
“Tomorrow have me carried out to see
the action, will you?”

  “If it won’t be harmful-”

  “It will do me less harm than fretting
in here.”

  “All right.”

  Without another word, Champdor left.
Farel spent a bad night. His wound
pained him. He could not move without
waking. When he did sleep his mind was
filled with dreams, fantastic imaginings,
made up of all the events that had occured
since he left Kita for Boure.

  He led the natives in nightmare charges
against unseen enemies, suddenly discov-
ered himself following a scantily clad Ka-
logue through the Paris streets and into
the office where he had worked. A news-
paper kiosk, sprung up in a deserted Su-
danese plain, with huge placards. He
could discern the headlines: “Champdor
column massacred in Segou.”

  He was transported into the Chambers
where fantom deputies held rambling
speeches. The leader of the opposition to
colonial expansion, bristling mustache and
low brow, was suddenly discovered to be
wearing the gorgeous boubou of the dead
Bonduke leader. The figure moved and,
as it moved, was changed into Combeau,
laughing, juggling with a silver bullet and
pointing to a hole in his forehead. What
Farel had thought to be a silver bullet
turned out to be a bugle, which Combeau
lifted to his lips and blew.

  The wounded man awoke with a start;
the bugles were sounding the morning call.

  The camp was alive with noises. The
cooks were chopping firewood, the uproar
of native voices swelled. On the cot beside
him, Sparbes awoke in his turn, stretched
and yawned. He rubbed his eyes sleepily
and dressed. From some distance away
came the excited cackling of a chicken, the

piercing laughter of Tirailleurs, a fowl
destined to the white officers’ table was
doubtless running for life.

  “One would think oneself in a farm yard,”
grumbled Farel.

  Sparbes turned.

  “Awake? How do you feel?”

  “Rotten.”

  “All in a life time. I presume it will be
my turn today.”

  “I hope not. But if you get hit pick out
a better place than I did. I wouldn’t
recommend the groin to my worst enemy.”
“Don’t worry,” Sparbes went on, lacing
his boots. “Champdor’ll not put himself
in the way of anything unpleasant.”

  The mountain-guns had opened fire.
Champdor, fully equipped, thrust his
head within the tent, inquired how Farel
felt. If he had overheard Sparbes remark,
he was remarkably calm.

  “I’ll send some men for you, Farel,” he
announced. “Makam Tiaba will go for-
ward.”

  When he had withdrawn, Sparbes gave
vent to his feelings:

  “I don’t give a-if he heard me,” he

declared. “A man has no business snoop-
ing about. What is this new thing, Tiaba
being given command of the attack?”
“Probably wishes to feel the ground be-
fore risking you. He’s in a bad fix if he has
no one to depend on.”

  “If he has thought that out by himself,
he has more brains than I gave him credit
for!”

  The men promised by Champdor arrived,
with a stretcher. Farel was taken into the
open, on the platform used by Champdor
as an observation post. The top of the
stretcher was braced against a tree trunk.

  Beside the breach made the day before,
another hole was soon pounded by the
mountain-guns. A few hundred yards away,
the sections of Tirailleurs formed up.
Makam Tiaba was conspicuous, gesturing,
scolding.

  To Farel, the soldiers seemed slothful,
lacking their customary dash. Sparbes
noticed this as well.

  “What ails them?” he wondered.
  “Nervous.”

“They won’t make it,” predicted Sparbes.
“They’ve accomplished harder feats.
The companies here were engaged against
Samory a score of times. The Tukuleurs
don’t frighten them.”
42

Adventure

  “Then they’re giving a good imitation of
fear!”

  Makam Tiaba had at last succeeded in
pushing every man into place. By gestures,
he ordered them to spread out, to fix bay-
onets. The gleaming blades sprouted swift-
ly at the end of the rifles.

  Champdor lifted a whistle to his lips, and
shrilled three calls.

  Makam Tiaba repeated the^ signal, lifted
his hand and the lines made the first move
forward. In a half dozen bounds the first
cover was reached, a line of bushes running
parallel with the walls.

  “Not bad. No one hit,” Sparbes ap-
proved.

  The native officer stood up again and
lifted his hand to his face. The Tirailleurs
advanced swiftly, from cover to cover. The
first man was struck, brought both hands
to his stomach, struggled on a few feet and
fell. The others kept on.

  “The next leap is a bad one,” Farel said.

  The ground there was level with the walls,
and the discharges spread horizontally. As
he had expected, several Tirailleurs dropped
immediately. Some lay where they fell.
Others crawled back toward the rear.
Makam Tiaba, who now scorned to crouch
and stood in full view, was untouched.

  The quick piercing whistle again. This
time the Tirailleurs did not move.

  Tiaba walked back to the nearest man,
lifted his sword and struck with the flat.
The fellow got up and advanced reluc-
tantly, but when Tiaba turned away, he
sank back to the earth.

  “They’re funking!” Sparbes shouted.

  Tiaba was manifestly haranguing the
Tirailleurs to no avail. Not one would
make the move. The native sub-lieuten-
ant drew his revolver.

  “What can we expect of the auxiliaries, if
the regulars quit!” yelled Sparbes.

  The captain brought the whistle to his
lips, but this time he signaled Makam
Tiaba to withdraw, an order that was
obeyed with alacrity.

  From Besedougou came mocking shouts.
The warriors, dancing with joy, could be
plainly discerned.

  “I’m going to see what’s wrong,” Sparbes
sputtered. “Of all the rotten shows—I
can’t understand it! Those fellows are
veterans.”

  He galloped down the hillside, across the
flat stretch toward Makam Tiaba. Farel

saw him halt beside the negro sub-lieutenant.
What he said was evidently not compli-
mentary, for Makam gestured helplessly.
Champdor approached breathlessly.
“They Won’t go forward,” he said.

  “Do you know why?”

  “Afraid?”

  “They want a white man, that’s all.
They don’t trust an officer of their own
color. Strange thing—the troopers will
perform under a non-com. of their race, but
put stripes on the same fellow and they go
to bits!”

L “I never heard of it.”

  “The evidence is there.”

  “Would they follow Sparbes?”

  “They would.” Farel looked Champdor
squarely in the eyes. “They would also
follow you.”

  “You think I should-”

  “What we said yesterday still holds true.
In case anything happens to Sparbes,
neither you nor Besans are capable of
handling the Tirailleurs. I may seem
rough but this is a rough situation.
Sparbes gone, we would find ourselves be-
fore Besedougou, in the heart of an hostile
country, with auxiliaries and regulars de-
pressed by repeated checks.”

  “Which would mean?”

  “Disaster.”

  “But as you say, I don’t know enough to
lead troops. What good will I be—this
time?”

  “There is no need for maneuvering.
What they need is a leader, a figurehead to
look up to. Without unduly flattering you,
I can say you are that. They admire you,
and would follow you more readily than
they would Sparbes—or me.”

  Champdor bit his lips and looked down
at the ground. Again the pallor that
Farel had noticed before at the mention of
danger crept over his face. But when he
turned to the lieutenant again he was calm
enough, even smiling.

  “It’s pretty clear that I’m the one to go,”
he said.

  “Certainly we can not withdraw at this
time and make ourselves a laughing stock
in the Sudan!”

  Champdor sat down beside Farel.

  “That’s what I came out here for, to
prove myself something else than what my

behavior previously has shown me-”

  “Your reputation is sound, Champdor.
Live up to it now.”
The Figurehead

43

“I mean, I wished to prove myself to my-
self—and to you. I have brooded over the
matter so long that the world seems com-
posed of but two individuals—you and I.”
“Unfortunately, it isn’t.”

  “I think I can bluff my way through,
Farel—but I’m—afraid!”

  “Any man would be frightened before
what you will undertake. All you need is a
little more strength of will to conceal the
fact.”

  “I’ll go, Farel. And I’ll be there try-
ing-”

  Farel extended his hand.

  “You have it in you to do anything! The
imagination that caused you to break be-
fore danger can help you to disregard it.”
“Possibly.”

  Champdor arose slowly, and walked to-
ward his horse. Farel called him back.

  “I want to tell you something, Champdor
—I admire you. Now, I’ll tell you more: I
intended to bring up the whole mess, our
mess again. I have witnesses: Kalogue,
Makam Tiaba, Tekouba. Moreover, I
found in Niagassola the written proof that
you lied about your wound. If it will make
you more at ease now, you can tell yourself,
that when you come back from Besedougou,
I’ll forget all that.”

  “It’s inhuman to forget—a thing like
that,” Champdor replied. “I’ll go ahead.
That’s no more than you’ve done uncon-
ditionally.”

  “It isn’t what you’re about to do now,
Champdor. I decided to drop the matter
yesterday—out there.”

 “Why?”

  “I don’t exactly know. I felt how small
I was, how small you were. How tiny all
men are beside the great things that count—
a country, a flag—and harming either, even
to gratify my little ego, would be a crime.”
“Country, flag! Resounding words,”
Champdor commented. “I think I under-
stand.” He broke out laughing, not a

nervous laugh. “By - it works, that

imagination business. I feel in me the soul
of a warrior!”

  Sitting straight in the saddle, for he had
mounted, with a smile of self-derision on
his face, he drew his sword and lifted it to
the salute.

  “Farewell, noble Farel, apostle and sol-
dier par excdlence!”

  He galloped away.

  He’s crazy,” decided the lieutenant. “But

  if it will make him act like a man, why
worry?” He added as an afterthought,

“I suppose I deserved that grandiloquent
leave taking. Country, flag—what an ass
I’m getting to be.” •

  He picked up the field glasses abandoned
by Champdor, and watched the group com-
posed of Makam Tiaba, Sparbes and
Champdor, joined soon by Mourdia and a
Bonduke, who was evidently the successor
of the rider slain the previous afternoon.

  Sparbes was protesting violently. Makam
Tiaba wiped his face with the back of his
hand. Mourdia and the Bonduke left, going
to their respective contingents. Soon four
bulky objects were brought forward, each
carried by more than one man. When
these were deposited on the ground, Farel
recognized tomtoms, war-tomtoms.

  “That big boy is teaching me something in
the handling of auxiliaries!” Farel muttered.

  Champdor then harangued the men, his
speech was translated by interpreters.
Farel looked for the Tirailleurs. A strange
sight met his eyes. Makam Tiaba was un-
dressing. He had discarded helmet and
coat, stood with a chechia on his head, his
torso bare. Tiaba, removing his insignia
of rank, was striving to regain his former
hold over his men!

  The tomtoms rumbled. Sparbes was
coming back.

  The defenders of Besedougou, suspecting
that the genuine effort was to come now,
were silent.

  “What did you feed Champdor?” Sparbes
asked, when he reached Farel’s side. “He’s
changed into a roaring lion.”

  “What’s he doing?”

  “He’s only talked-so far. But if he does
one tenth of what he says he’ll do, Ahma-
dou’s pet town is thrice doomed. The
auxiliaries are so excited he’ll have to hold
them back instead of urging them. This is
what he said:

  “ ‘We brought you here because we be-
lieved you warriors. You men of Bondu,
have you forgotten Macadiacounda? Did
you fail the white men then? You Bamba-
ras, the Tukuleurs are your enemies, they
stole your women, burned your villages! I
was told that if I made a hole with the can-
non, you would go through. There are the
holes and you are here. If I had known
that you resembled women and captives
more than you did warriors, I would have
brought fifty more Tirailleurs to take the
44

Adventure

place of your three thousand. I, myself,
will take you forward now to see what you
are worth.’ ”

  “Not badly put!” Farel was jubilant.
“With a chap like Champdor it’s all or noth-
ing. He’s a play-actor, a born tragedian.
It’s just dawned on me. He wouldn’t muff
a scene like this.”

  “If Allah wills,” Sparbes said piously.
“While the interpreters were translating
his speech, he winked at me and sang.”
“What?”

         “Du Salut de notre patrie
         Depend celui de I’univers;

          Si jamais elle est asservie,

          Tous les peuples sont dans les fers.”

         “On the salvation of our country
         Hangs that of the universe;

          If ever it is made a slave,

         All peoples will be shackled.”

  “That’s irony for you,” commented
Farel. “In keeping with our often re-
peated statement that altruism guides our
conquering armies.”

  “Preserving a sense of humor at this
time is a stunt in will power. I couldn’t do
it, and here I’ve been despising that poor
Champdor.”

  Three blasts from the captain’s whistle
interrupted them.

  “Curtain call,” Farel decided.

  The tomtoms were pounding away sav-
agely. For some minutes now, the auxilia
ries had been swaying, as if drunk on the
sound. The Tirailleurs had formed in line,
Makam Tiaba was at his post.

  Champdor, superb in attitude, rode his
horse to the front, held his sword high.

  “Satan take me!” breathed Sparbes.
“What a man!”

  Champdor went forward, at a moderate
trot. Behind him raced the Tirailleurs,
bayonets low and, not ten yards away, the
horde of auxiliaries.

  The walls of Basedougou were dotted
with puffs of smoke. The first cover was
attained, disregarded. Men were falling,
but the ranks merely split and reformed.
More than once, Champdor turned in the
saddle, called to the men behind him,
pointed at the opening with his sword.

  In an unbelievably short time, the dis-
tance between the original line and the walls
was covered. In another ten seconds, the
attackers would reach the breach.

  A terrific discharge, held in reserve by

Diakate’s men, tore through Tirailleurs and
auxiliaries. The line floated, seemed to be
torn to rags. Champdor’s helmet was
blown from his head. His blond hair
emerged from the confusion.

  The captain detached himself from the
swirling mass and crossed the open space at
a mad gallop. Instead of approaching the
breach where he would have surely fallen
under the bullets, he made for the wall at a
point not more than twelve feet high. Farel
and Sparbes saw him stand on the saddle,
reach both hands for the crest of the mud
barrier, the right still holding the sword.

  In another second, Champdor stood in
full view, outlined against the green of the
trees and the buff of the huts, bareheaded,
and beckoning his followers forward.

  The blue coats of the Tirailleurs mingled
with the colorful swarm of the Tukuleurs,
then the mass of the auxiliaries closed the
breach, poured into the town.

  For a few seconds, the captain remained
on the wall, then he was seen to walk
toward the breach, and disappear.

  “He’s done it,” Farel breathed.

  “The act was a success,” Sparbes added.
“Say, Farel, I hope he comes back. I—

I-”

  “So do I,” Farel finished.

WHEN Diakate had been given
charge of Besedougou to hold
against the French, he had said:
“If Besedougou is taken, never
more will men see me.”

  And Besedougou would soon be taken.
Diakate, at the breach, had seen the ap-
proach of the Tirailleurs, had witnessed his
men helpless to check the advance.

  Yesterday, Far-Eli, once well known in
the region and long disappeared, had sud-
denly loomed before the walls at the head of
the Bambaras and Bondukes. The silver
bullet had dropped him, and with his fall
the onslaught had lost its strength. With
Far-Eli gone, Diakate had feared nothing of
other white men, for if Far-Eli had failed
who could hope to succeed?”

  And then a strange face had materialized,
a tall warrior with hair the color of gold,
riding as no negro could ride, bearing down
sword in hand, untouched by the bullets
aimed at his chest. The white man had
climbed the wall, pointing the road to his
followers. This warrior—-he was even bet-
ter than Far-Eli had been.
The Figurehead

45

  The Tukuleur chief shook his head to
clear his eyes, obscured by the blood flowing
from a cut across his brow. The white
wool on skull and chin alone revealed his
advanced age. The muscles played with
undiminished vigor beneath the wrinkled
skin of his naked forearms emerging from
the folds of the embroidered boubou. There
was still a chance to win out if the white
man were killed. Diakate had seen him
fall, had seen blood on his clothing. That
had been soon after the storming of the
gap in the wall, when the Frenchman had
leaped down into the thick of the fighting.
Diakate hoped that he was dead.

  He retreated step by step before the
threatening bayonets, through the narrow
gorge-like streets, toward the diomfoutou.
His men were fighting well. Even the
women took part in the struggle. Many
of them had come to the front, crouching,
and hacked at the legs of the Tirailleurs
with knives. One by one they were killed.
Diakate saw a big, half-naked soldier, with
a blade sunk in his thigh, seize a woman by
the neck, draw her erect, and plunge his
bayonet between the breasts.

  The Bambaras and Bondukes were every-
where. Diakate had fought them many
years before, when serving El Hadj Omar.
They had not been so brave then. And
yesterday, even, their courage had not stood
the test. What inspired them now if not
this new white man?

  The open place before the diomfoutou was
reached. The doors opened, the Tukuleurs
poured through, while the attackers massed
down below, hesitating. As several of the
men sprang forward to drop the cross-bars
of the portals, a minor chief addressed
Diakate.

  “I saw the white man fall. They will lose
heart.”

  Diakate did not answer, but led the way
through narrow corridors, up dim stair-
ways, to the chambers above where his
harem was gathered. He glanced gloomily
at the frightened women, kneeling, hiding
their faces in terror. Truly, too much ease
spoiled women. The poor men’s wives had
shown better behavior. He spat upon the
floor and left to gain a loophole and in-
spect the situation.

  The doors shook under the hammering
butts. On several long poles, Tirailleurs
were attempting to gain the top of the first
wall. Diakate smiled widely—they had

believed their task over at the rampart and
found the most formidable barrier yet to

be passed.

  He passed a long pistol through the loop-
hole, pressed the trigger. He knew that
he had ended another young life, while he
still lived, he who had been already a
strong man when El Hadj Omar had come
back from Mekka. He recalled the Grand
Salaam in Dienne, where he had first heard
the flaming words of the Prophet. He re-
called other days of battle. He saw the
heaps of dead around Medine, the great
clamor of “Allah! Allah!” as twenty-five
thousand warriors pressed to the attack,
certain that nothing could issue from the
white men’s cannon save water. Flame
and steel had spurted. That had been
war!

  It would have been worthier perhaps had
he fallen with so many others, in the full
faith in his cause. Now, with the years’
wisdom, he felt that the days of black
mastery were gone forever. Frenchmen
could be killed, but for each slain, two more
appeared from the misty coast-line. They
cast a spell over the negroes they came in
contact with. A man who once took their
pay and learned to love their ways, was gone
as a free warrior.

  “He lives!” some one cried out.

  True, the white man had arrived into the
central place. He was upon his horse.
Yet, he seemed strangely indifferent to the
fight. Chin on his chest, he swayed with
the nervous shuffling of his mount. His
coming was the signal for renewed efforts
to burst open the doors. The panels shat-
tered, Diakate heard the trampling of
struggling men below.

He straightened up, discovered that his
pipe was empty, and threw it to the floor.

  He entered the room where the women
cooked. A fire still burned in the center of
the floor, the smoke escaping from a hole in
the roof. He picked up a blazing stick and
walked on. After passing many rooms he
came to a heavy door, before which a young
man was on guard, squatting, rifle across
his knees.

  “Go down to the floor below,” he ordered.
“Thou art no longer needed here.”

  The warrior saw the torch in the firm
hand, and his eyes grew wide. He fled so
swiftly that he forgot his gun. Diakate
kicked it aside with a contemptuous grin
and pushed the door open.
46

Adventure

  He stepped into a spacious room, half
filled with boxes and barrels. On the floor
were small mounds of dark dust.

  He waited until the triumphant shouts of
the white men’s soldiers rang through the
halls, until the wooden stairs creaked under
the feet of hurrying men.

  “I am very old,” he murmured, “and men
must die.”

  His master, the great Omar, had perished
by a powder explosion. He, Diakate, by
the will of Allah, was to imitate the worthy
example.

  “Men must die!” he repeated.

  He threw the torch to the floor.

MWITH a terrific detonation, a
column of flame shot up from the
diomfoutou.

The troops left behind to
cover the French camp and the im-
provised gunpit milled in confusion,
shouting, half in delight, at the tremen-
dous spectacle.

  Besans, his face scarlet, ran up to the two
other officers.

  “Did you hear! Did you hear!”
“Couldn’t very well help it,” Farel com-
mented. “The diomfoutou has blown up.”
“It’s over,” Sparbes said, and ran to his
horse. “I’m going to see.”

  Besans, divided between duty and curi-
osity, at last returned to his guns.

  Farel summoned the four men assigned to
handle his stretcher, and ordered them to
carry him into the town.

  The dead and wounded from the three
attacks lay everywhere. Two-thirds of the
distance to the breach, Farel uttered an ex-
clamation of dismay. Mourdia, face to the
sun, sprawled, arms and legs grotesquely
twisted. His lips were wide apart, and a
thin stream of blood coursed down the
black cheeks to the neck. The silver
bullet had proved but a weak fetish.
A Tirailleur squatted behind a bush,
fondled a broken hand, a brown dog
roamed from one body to another sniff-
ing the fresh blood. Men, struck in full
stride, still appeared to be straining for-
ward. Green flies were already buzzing in
shimmering swarms.

  “Human manure,” Farel thought. “Our
work. To justify this, the harvest must be
immense.”

  Every instant he feared to see Makam
Tiaba’s corpse. The cold rage of the

former non-com. would have led him to risk
his life recklessly. When Makam Tiaba
threw away his rank he. revealed his real
worth, the all powerful sense of duty. The
stretcher bearers named some of the vic-
tims as they passed. They evidenced no
sorrow, rather a speculative, philosophical
wonder that these others and not they had
gone.

  “See Seydou Mousa, there—his head is
wide open.”

  “Kirena was hit in the belly. He curves
bis back and has both hands across his
stomach.”

  “He looks as if he had eaten too much
rice this morning.”

  One of the men turned to Farel.

  “Many die, Lieutenant. By and by all
Tirailleurs die.”

  “Not so,” Farel replied. “Soon there
will be no more fighting.”

  “No more fighting? What men do then?”

  “Work.”

  The black did not insist, but it was plain
that he and his comrades did not relish
the prediction. A world without war,
and existence without the supreme mo-
ments of danger was beyond their under-
standing.

  At the breach, Farel overtook Sparbes,
who, dismounted, walked through the
debris.

  “You can see where our men and the
Tukuleurs came together,” he declared.
“The line of dead is as definite as the fringe
of a wave on sand. If our humanitarians
saw this we’d never get through listening to
their yells. I notice they never shed tears
over those of us who go under.”

  “Fortunately, they’re not in the habit
of frequenting battlefields. They’ll come
later, talk of equality—and install them-
selves as administrators. We kill, ‘they
rob.”

  “Here’s Champdor!” Sparbes said with a
ring in his voice.

  Farel looked up.

  Down the narrow street, Makam Tiaba
appeared, leading a white horse by the
bridle. On the horse was Champdor. He
did not look up. At every stride of the
horse his torso swayed. As the strange
procession drew nearer Farel perceived that
the front of his uniform was soaked red.
His hands hung limply. A bright object
protruded behind his head.

  “He is badly hurt,” Sparbes said.
The Figurehead

47

  Beside the stretcher, Tiaba halted. He
was bloody from head to foot, his cheek
was torn open. Farel looked into Champ-
dor’s face. The features were calm, the
eyes closed. A thin stream of blood
streaked his chin, dripping from the corner
of his lips, as blood had seeped from Mour-
dia’s lips.

  “Dead,” Farel said, dazed.

  “Dead,” agreed Tiaba. “He was hit by
several bullets in the body when he leaped
into the breach from the wall. I knew he
was dying. I wanted to send him back.
He said he would not go. He called for his
horse. I and some others pushed him into
the saddle and tied him as he said to do.
Knowing that he would soon die, knowing
what he wished, I ran his sword inside his
tunic to hold him up. Then he said, ‘Lead
the horse, Tiaba.’ I was afraid you would
blame me, but he said again, ‘Lead
the horse, Tiaba. They want a white
man. I am a white man.’ I then under-
stood why he wished to go on, and I
led him forward. Before the diomfou-
tou, the auxiliaries had become afraid.
When they saw him, they thought he was

alive, and fought-”

 “Take him back, Makam Tiaba.”

  The sub-lieutenant tugged at the bridle.
“He was a good white man,” he con-
cluded.

  Native instinct, unerring touch-stone—
Makam Tiaba had long ago sensed the gold
in the base metal.

AGAIN Farel was in the Kayes
Hospital. Again, the comman-
der in chief was at his bedside.
w"‘ Another like Combeau. The

same ruthlessness in action, the same kind-
ness to a defeated enemy. The French did
not shape the Sudan, the Sudan shaped
Frenchmen.

  “There was something between Champ-
dor and yourself, Farel—” Then as Farel
did not speak. “I will not ask you to say
anything against him. But I may inform
you that Captain Champdor, on his way
through Kayes, left the usual papers to be
sent to his relatives should he die. One of
the envelopes was addressed to me. You
probably know what it contained.”

  “I think I do.” .

  “You are young, can easily make up for
lost time—” the commander smiled—
“with the assistance of a repentant staff. I
have discreetly informed your comrades of
the truth. As is but right, your promotion
will be hastened. That’s about all.”

  Farel did not immediately speak.

  “It seems a pity, Colonel,” he volunteered
at last, “that death should be needed to
place the seal of sincerity on remorse and
atonement. It’s a hard code.”

  “For us, death should mean nothing.
The manner of meeting death is the test.
Champdor stood it well. His death served
France more than his life. It is sad to pass
out of the picture, but, sooner or later, men
must die.”
“HOW’S SHE LOGGIN'?”

       by Charles Nicholls Webb

         FRANK LA DUE and Johnny Kidd,
         Sometimes for six months or more,
         Wouldn’t meet, and when they did,

            Looked like they was kinda sore;

                  Neither not so very glad
                  For to see the other lad.

                   Grinnin’ in a sheepish’ way,

                 Most you’d ever hear ’em say
                 Would be: “How’s she loggin’, John?”
                 “Bully, how you gettin’ on?”

            Raised together was them two,

           Somewheres up ’round Tamarack.

            Both was quiet—I tell you—

            Quiet, but stood back to back

                  More’n once when hell bust loose
                  In the dance hall at Burnt Spruce;

                  When them bohunks, full of gin,

                  ’Lowed they’d try to buck agin
                  Frank and Jack who stood and grinned—
                  When the gang was tamed and thinned.

           When the War broke out they went—

            Didn’t have to, neither one—

                                                                       4 •

              Diff’rent outfits; both was sent

             To the front to strafe the Hun.

                 Chunk of shrapnel nipped La Due;

                  Kidd got gassed but both pulled through;

                  Woke up facin’ crost a bed

                 In a horspital. One said—

                  “Well, Frank, how you gettin’ on?”

                  “Bully, how’s she loggin’, John?”

  48
TerJ e g apKy and
Th e Bronc

                    Author of “Mustang Breed,” “The Three Missing Men,” etc.

“p=a°DDER” WILLIAMS, wander-
ing bronc peeler, had hung his
rope on a close-coupled cayuse in
' -J the Triangle R breaking corral;
he had snubbed the horse’s head short to a
post and put on the saddle blanket. The
horse had stamped on his foot. Fodder,
whose temper was short, had responded
with an oath that smoked, and grabbed the

quirt that dangled from his wrist, when-

  Whack! A hard old fist caught Fodder
Williams back of the ear. It was a stinging
blow, probably accompanied, in Fodder’s
head, by a great flash of light and the sound
of distant thunder. The cowboy took
three gigantic, hasty steps, such as any
man takes when caught off his balance, and
sprawled in the spring mud. He was up
instantly and whirled with ready fists.

  “Now listen,” said “Whiskers” Beck,
backing away with his hands above his
head. “Wait a minute! I didn’t go fer to
cause no bother! Now listen!”

  To be walloped behind the ear without
notice is a surprize to most. But to whirl,
with battle in your eye, to find a white-
bearded attacker backing away with his
hands up, and declaring that he “didn’t
mean nothin’ by it”—that is astonishing.
Fodder paused with fist drawn back for
a shattering haymaker, and his mouth
dropped open.

  “Leave me explain,” urged Whiskers.
“Hold on now!”

  Fodder recovered himself and started
forward.

 “Why you-old-”

  Whiskers lowered his hands and ruefully
braced himself to meet the attack. It
didn’t come. A restraining noose dropped
over Fodder’s shoulders and je.rked his el-
bows against his sides.

  “Now, here!” interposed “Whack-Ear”
Bates, approaching hand over hand along
the rope. “Mebbe you think you’re havin’
a scrap with Whiskers, but sech ain’t the
case! Anyways, not till I’m topped off.
’Smatter with you?”

  Fodder Williams was a man extremely
willing with his fists. But he was only a
medium-sized man, and Whack-Ear’s lean
two hundred pounds towered over him like
a coyote over a prairie dog. Fodder con-
sidered afmoment as he shook loose the
relaxed rope, and his wrath cooled some-
what.

  “This bush-faced pelican went to work
an’ pasted me with a rock!” he declared.

  “I done no sech thing,” protested Whisk-
ers. “I jest kinda patted him with the flat
o’ my hand to ’tract his attention.”

 “Why you -” began Fodder again,

showing signs of action.

  At this point old Ben Rutherford, the
“Old Man,” stepped into the conference.

  “Whup! Pull up!” he put in. “Mostly
my boys takes care o’ thmselves; but
Whiskers is only about a hundred years old,
an’ a likely lad, and I don’t want him all
busted in pieces. You leave him be!”

  “I guess I’m able tuh—” began Whiskers
Beck.

h) Sllan LeMay

4

49
50

Adventure

 Fodder slammed his five-pound hat
 against the ground.

 “You standin’ there an’ tellin’ me I got

 to let every -in the outfit knock me

 down all he wants to?”

 “Leave me explain,”, said Whiskers.
 “Didn’t mean to cause no bother. But
 that bronc there’s jest exactly the hoss I
 been lookin’ fer, fer a sartin partic’lar use.
 It took more’n three years tuh make that
 hoss, an’ I don’t perpose to have him
 spoiled by bein’ hit with no quirt. So
 when Fodder hauls off at him, I had to take
 action sudden.”

 “Lemme get this straight,” said the Old
 Man, shoving his broad hat to the back of
 his head. “You wallops this feller?”

 “Yep.”

 “To stop him hittin’ the hoss?”

 “Yep!”

 Three mouths dropped open as the men
 stared at Whiskers. A blank expression
 erased all signs of intelligence from the Old
 Man’s craggy face. He and Whack-Ear
 looked at each other dumbfounded.

 “Well,” said Old Man Rutherford finally,
 “it’s a plumb mystery to me. But, Wil-
 liams, you’ll have to leave Whiskers be,
 that’s flat. Either you calls off this deal or
 you kin move on!”

 Fodder computed hastily. He knew that
 if he quit the outfit the story would go out
 that he had been whipped and driven off
 by a man old enough to be his great-grand-
 father. Such a story would never do for
 his future reputation on the range. He
 stalled for time.

 “Look at them chaps!” he demanded.

 He pointed to the dirt that smeared the
 silky unclipped goat hair adorning his bowed
 legs.

 “Jest look!”

 “Leave me have that cayuse, an’ I’ll clean
 them chaps up fine,” offered Whiskers.

 “How ’bout the hat?” pursued Fodder,
 picking the article up from where he had
 thrown it himself.

 “All right—hat too,” conceded Whiskers.

 “Take it or leave it lie,” said Old Man
 Rutherford.

 “I’ll call quits,” Fodder decided.

 Whiskers heaved a sigh of relief.

 “Come on, hoss. Le’s you an’ me go
 somewheres where it’s quiet.”

 The three stared after him without com-
 prehension as he led the dancing cayuse
 away.

“HOW yuh cornin’ with the spe-
cially eddicated bronc, Whisk-

. ers?”

  Four days had gone by since
Whiskers had knocked Fodder sprawling;
and Whack-Ear thought the subject should
now be cool enough for mess-shack handling.

  “Fair,” Whiskers reported. “Kettled
somethin’ terr’ble yestidday. Didn’t know
but what I’d bit off more’n I should, me
bein’ stiffer than once. That part’s finished,
though. Won’t do no more than crow-hop
to get warm from now on, I figger.”

   “I wouldn’t give two cents for a horse that
bucked only jest the once,” said “Dixie”
Kane. “Not one cent, even. Gimme a
horse with sperrit, that fights back plenty!”
“This’n’s different,” said Whiskers
through a mouthful of hot potatoes.

   “Get a real sperrited horse,” said “Dixie”
Kane. “Then get on an’ ride—that’s my
way.”

  Whiskers gestured with his fork, gulped
and unlimbered into speech.

  “So I notice,” he replied. “An’ you never
made a top hoss, neither. Some o’ you
rannies think if you can climb on an’ stay
on the top side that you know the whole
works. Nossir. Trouble with you, yer
ridin’ hasn’t been backed up by no readin’.”
“Readin’?” repeated “Doughfoot” Wil-
son, startled into unaccustomed speech.

“What the-!”

  “Squirty” Wallace snickered and choked.
  Whiskers went on unperturbed.

  “Betcha yuh never even heard about
terlegaphy,” he declared.

  “Sure I did,” Dixie Kane contended
hotly. “You sends somethin’ through a
wire, an’ it comes out the other end in the
shape o’ rattles an’ clicks.”

  “This here I got hold of is a new kind,*’
said Whiskers. “I got it out of a news-
paper. You sends a message from one
brain to another, without wires nor nothin’,
jest by concentratin’ the human eye.
Hosses catches on special easy, bein’ they
use it theirself all the time.

   “Now this here little hoss, Ten Spot, he’s
jest the hoss for that. I’m goin’ to fix him
so I kin operate him by terlegaphy, not hol-
lerin’ at him nor nothin’. Trouble with
most cayuses is they’re hard in the head,
peetrified yuh might say. Ten Spot’s dif-
ferent. What I think goes from my eye to
his temper’ment, like a magnet, an’ there
takes effect. Ten Spot, he’s the right kind—
Terlegaphy and the Bronc

5i

hard in the muscle, but not in the head.”
“Kind o’ soft in the bean, huh?” said
Whack-Ear. “Well, there’s others.”
“Mebbe,” said Whiskers, wiping his
brush-like beard with his sleeve. “Wait a
while, an’ we’ll see.”

   He got up and strolled out, fumbling for
 his makings. Just around the corner of the
 mess shack he brought them to light, and
 paused to roll a cigaret. He could hear the
 voices within.

   “He’s goin’ to work an’ spoilin’ a good
 fast horse,” said Dixie Kane. “When a
 horse don’t fight back right, why, some-
 thin’s wrong either in horse or handlin’.”
 “He makes me sick,” said Fodder’s voice.
 “If, now, jest f’r instance, somebody would
 take an’ sling their hat down in front o’ that
 bronc, jest as he was ridin’ him out—I
 ' wonder now if what follered wouldn’t set
 ’em both into righter ways o’ thinkin’!”
 “Yep,” said Whack-Ear. “On’y, any-
 body won’t, or hadn’t better.”

“Well, there’s a whole - of a lot of

 wont’s around this outfit,” answered Fod-
 der. “That’s all I got to say!”

   Whiskers walked to the bunk house and
got his old six-shooter out of his bed roll;
and when Fodder came up, Whiskers was
sitting on a bench outside, cleaning the gun
with care.

  “What’s all that for?” Fodder asked
casually.

   Whiskers looked at him with a slow, bale-
 ful gaze.

   “Well,” he said, “if everythin’ goes jest to
 suit me, I’m goin’ to shoot a yalla praira
 dog someday.”

   He got up, stuck the iron in its open
holster, hooked the slit thong over the ham-
mer and strolled off toward the corrals.
Fodder stared after him.

   “Crazy loco,” he told himself, “an’ li’ble
 to go hurtin’ somebody, like as not. Some-
 thin’ oughter be done ’bout that.” He
 scratched his head. “Mebbe, too, I’m the
 one that oughter do it, come a chance!”

WHISKERS began Ten Spot’s
education when the first green
grass was showing at the edge of
the melting snow. For four weeks
Fodder Williams, Dixie Kane and Charley
Decatur worked in the breaking corral,
peeling the raw broncs that had been hazed
in with the range stock. The winter riders,
together with half-a-dozen punchers who

 had wintered in town and several new hands,
 amused themselves topping off the strings of
 saddle stock that were cut to them. And
 Whiskers worked chiefly on Ten Spot.

  By the time that the wagons pulled out
for the spring round-up Whiskers was more
confident than ever that Ten Spot was the
makin’s of probably the best—and certainly
the most terlegaphic—cow horse in three
remudas.

  From time to time Whiskers would dem-
onstrate to skeptics how terlegaphy worked
in practise. He would walk out to the edge
of the remuda, and pick a point possibly
fifty yards from Ten Spot. Then, without
saying a word, he would fold his arms and
subject Ten Spot to a piercing glare. The
ragging of the other punchers was some-
what diminished by the fact that Ten Spot
actually came. Doughfoot Wilson, at least,
was sufficiently impressed to try it himself;
but as nothing happened, he gave it up and
returned to “talkin’ down a rope.”

  Most, however, thought they perceived a
connection between Whiskers’ terlegaphy
and Ten Spot’s taste for fresh bread, and
said so. Nevertheless the most unim-
pressed were willing to admit that Whiskers’
tutelage was developing Ten Spot into a
willing and brainy little cow horse. .

  Spring breezed past, and the early
round-up was over. Riders rode out singly,
or in little groups of twos and threes, to
hunt out the scattered wild cattle that the
round-up had missed, with a view to deco-
rating calf hides with brands. These were
often gone many weeks at a time, living off
the country when their scant rations were ex-
hausted. And so the summerran its course.

  Then, as the first frosts began to turn the
prairie wool the color of dusty leather, the
cook once more yelled at his six-horse team,
and the chuck wagon rolled. Charley De-
catur, the pilot, rode in the lead, vand the
bed wagon and the wood wagon swung in
behind. Following these came the remuda—
the herd of saddle stock; and sixteen or
seventeen punchers rode where they pleased.
The fall works were on.

  Ten Spot was now rounding into a mighty
neat little cow horse, one that showed an
intelligent interest in his work. Whiskers
was working harder than ever to make Ten
Spot strictly telegraphic, and seemed to be
having some success.

  The test of Whiskers’ terlegaphy theory
came in the fall round-up’s third week.
52

Adventure

WHISKERS had in mind several
fine points in the education of Ten
Spot, which he conceived could
be best taught out of sight and
sound of the herd. He wanted to teach him,
for instance, the uncommon knack of driving
two or three steers in a constant direction
without frequent correction by his rider.
He wanted him to know the vagaries of a
lone steer on the open plain, as differing
from those of a steer near a herd; and other
points leading to the consummation of his
ideal.

  “Whack-Ear,” said Whiskers to the straw
boss, “reckon if I’d ride back north’ard a
ways I might pick up quite a little bunch o’
stray critters.”

  “Take a look,” said Whack-Ear.

  Whiskers Beck, therefore, tied three days’
very scant rations and a couple of blankets
to his saddle; and without further ado rode
north.

  He swung in a wide circle, so planning
that when his chuck gave out he would be
not more than nine hours easy ride from the
main herd. Hunting was for some reason
not so good as he had expected. On the
morning of the fourth day he was not more
than four hours’ jog from the herd, driving
only two hobbled steers. A little after mid-
day he jumped a third steer.

  The animal, evidently a wise old-timer,
had been lying low in a bunch of brush, and
Ten Spot was almost upon the steer before
it broke. The horse leaped in pursuit, over-
taking the steer in easy bounds. Whiskers
tossed his rope over the long horns and
jerked it taut. Ten Spot was fast catching
on to this part of the job. The buckskin
pony swung round the hind quarters of the
steer to the far side and raced ahead. The
steer, his hind legs jerked from under
him, crashed to the ground in a cloud of
dust.

  Ten spot stopped and leaned on the rope.
Whiskers was already off, running to the
steer. Quickly the old puncher hog-tied
one foreleg to the two hind feet. Then he
calmly sat on the steer’s carcass and rolled a
cigaret.

  “Real good, Ten Spot., Make a hoss yet,
if’n you keep tryin’.”

  Leisurely he smoked the cigaret and
rested, watching with pleasure the patience
with which Ten Spot stood to the rope.
Presently he tossed away the fag, loosed the
lariat, coiled it and hung it on the saddle.

Next he tied the steer’s off hind foot to its
near fore with a short piece of rope.

  Whiskers remembered afterward that he
had looked at that bit of rope with sus-
picion. It was pretty old, cut from a worn-
out lariat. But.....

  “If’n it busts, we got more, ’’said Whiskers.

  Now he passed the steer’s tail between its
hind legs, took a firm grip with one hand,
and with the other loosed the “piggin’
string.”

  Twelve hundred pounds of beef struggled
to rise. Whiskers hung on to the tail, pull-
ing upward, and the steer stayed down. In
few moments the big black beast gave it up.

  “Now, c’mere,” said Whiskers to Ten
Spot. Still dimly trying to please, Ten Spot
came three steps closer.

  “Little more,” demanded Whiskers. Ten
Spot advanced one step.

  “More yet!”

  Ten Spot lowered his head and whuffed
at the steer with an air of distrust; then ad-
vanced a very scant foot.

  “Oh, all right,” said Whiskers. “Guess
the old man can make it from here.”

  Whiskers suddenly released the steer’s
tail and bolted for his saddle. He saw Ten
Spot shuffle nervously, and knew the big
black critter was surging to its feet. In
that instant a dog hole caved under Whis-
kers’ foot and he plunged headlong, almost
against his horse’s cannon-bone. Ten
Spot shied in a sidelong leap that took him
yards beyond Whiskers’ reach. The old
man heard the snap of -the breaking hobble,
and a furious thud of hoofs.

  Instantly Whiskers snatched his iron from
its open holster, cocked the pistol with the
same motion that flicked the slit thong off
the hammer, rolled over on his elbow, threw
up the barrel—all in less than a second—
pulled the trigger.

  A dull click responded; then a second, as
he pulled again. Flying hoofs, red eyes,
a tremendous sweep of horns were almost
upon him. Whiskers rolled like a flash
toward the charging beast. Horns and
hoofs passed over.

  The man twisted head and shoulders and
with elbow resting on the ground pulled the
trigger four times as the steer whirled and
returned to the charge. Not one shot an-
swered. A terrible sickening sensation
gripped the old man’s vitals, the sensation
of a weaponless man facing imminent death.

. As the hammer clicked harmlessly upon
Terlegaphy and the Bronc

53

the last chamber Whiskers threw out the
cylinder and snapped the ejector. Six
empty shells fell into the dust. His left
hand shot to a chap pocket. Once more
that great horned head flashed above him.
He rolled toward the trampling hoofs. The
fore hoofs passed over. One sharp, iron-
hard hind hoof spurned his left knee with a
vicious grind.

  In a deep corner of the pocket Whiskers’
fingers found a cartridge. With hand
shaking a little with haste, he popped the
cartridge into the chamber, snapped the
cylinder into place. The steer was charg-
ing again. This time the gun spoke
with a heavy crash, and the steer went
down.

  “Well, gosliamighty,” said Whiskers

peevishly, “It’s pretty-near time!”

  He sat up and examined his numbed knee
ill-humoredly. The pain was just begin-
ing to course into it with the throbbing
return of the blood. A warm trickle along
his thigh told him that the knee was be-
ginning to bleed. He decided to take off
his weather-stiffened chap and see if a band-
age would help. With his hands he ginger-
ly bent the leg.

 “Wowie! Hold on, cowboy!” he ad-
dressed himself. “We jest better let well
enough be. Me, I’m goin’ home!”

  He tried to get to his feet. It was no
use; it simply couldn’t be done. Now, if
ever, was the time to send a few urgent
mental messages to his horse. He rested
painfully on his elbow and concentrated
mind and eye on Ten Spot.

  Ten Spot had discreetly retired from the
scene of action, and was now grazing a
hundred yards away. Whiskers fixed him
with a sincere glare, and sent him a mental
telegram ,that fairly shot sparks. Nothing
happened. Perhaps, after all, terlegaphy
was unable to carry over so great distances.
When several minutes of this brought no
more favorable results, Whiskers tried
other resources.	^

  He whistled sharply to attract the pony’s
attention. Ten Spot looked up and favored
Whiskers with a long, deliberate stare.
Then he returned to his grass.

  “Hey there!” shouted Whiskers. “You
know what I mean! Come over here!
Mind, now!”

No sign of intelligence from Ten Spot.
The old man began to swear. A thin
stream of scorching invective trailed across

the prairie to Ten Spot. The horse grazed
steadily, unimpressed.

  Whiskers changed his tactics.

  “Beans, Ten Spot!” he called persuasive-
ly. “Openin’ up a nice, juicy can o’ beans!
Come an’ get ’em! Don’t you want beans?”

  Ten Spot gave no sign that he had heard.
Possibly he preferred tangible grass to
imaginary canned goods. In any case he
stayed where he was.

  Terlegaphy and the human voice alike
failed to dent Ten Spot’s brazen indiffer-
ence. He had evidently discovered that he
didn’t have to obey.

  When a horse won’t come to you, it is
necessary to go to the horse. Whiskers’ in-
jured knee was now paining him badly.
His left foot was beginning to swell, and
with great difficulty he worked off the loose
boot with the toe of the other. Then,
dragging the boot in one hand, he began to
crawl toward the horse.

££ SLOWLY, painfully, he pulled
IIlWb&s himself across the level ground.

          The sock dragged off of the boot-
less foot; a little trickle of blood
appeared on the ankle, and began to dot his
trail with little dark spots. Every inch of
the way was torture; but inch by inch, foot
by foot he somehow covered the ground.
From time to time Ten Spot moved for-
ward in his grazing, undoing in a moment
five minutes of agonizing toil.

  Whiskers knew that the nearer he ap-
proached Ten Spot without attracting the
animal’s attention the surer was his chance
of success. He paused and rested ten
yards from the mount; then forced himself
to go on. Five yards; Ten Spot was headed
the other way. Just a little farther, he told
himself. Two yards more.

  “C’mere, Ten Spot!”

  His voice sounded strange, a hoarse,
raucous croak.

  Ten Spot started, spun about and gazed
at the grotesque, sprawling figure of the
man. Perhaps a faint scent of blood came
to his nostrils. He whuffed, shook his
head, and started away at a lope. One
forefoot stepped on the trailing reins, jerk-
ing down his head and the horse somer-
saulted. Badly scared, the pony scrambled
to his feet and went into a mad fit of buck-
ing as he plunged away. Then he straight-
ened out and ran.

  Ten Spot was half a mile away when he
54

Adventure

began to graze again. Whiskers’ face be-
came gray and set as he stared at the distant
horse. Without even an oath the old man
gritted his teeth and started the long drag
in pursuit.

  The pain in his leg was now almost un-
bearable, running in hot surges well up into
his back. The blood still trickled slowly,
draining his strength; it left little, blacken-
ing dots in the dust of the plain. Once he
collapsed face down, his laboring breath
drawing little particles of sand between his
dry lips; and when he tried to spit it out he
could not.

  Yet he went on and on, ever so slowly
covering the ground, while the hours passed
and the sun went down; and finally, some-
how, three-quarters of a mile from the car-
cass of the steer, he found himself once more
one hundred yards from his horse. Whisk-
ers regarded with dull eyes the animal that
meant life, hope, the only chance he had to
avoid a slow death on the plain.

  The bleeding had stopped at last, but he
was weak. He had not eaten since sun-up,
and this, with the loss of blood, left him
faint. His head pounded and swam, and
gradually the prairie floor assumed a slow,
hardly perceptible revolving motion that
told him he had not much farther to go.

  The sun was setting now behind the far
Wind River Mountains, spreading over the
softening sky a glory of wine purple and
Aztec gold that Whiskers did not see.
And with the sunset there came a far-off
sound that brought the cold sweat to the
old man’s brow.

  It began in a low, moaning thunder, the
deep-lunged bass of a restless bull. It in-
creased in volume till the great voice broke
into bleating soprano bellows. No per-
sonality in the herd is so subject to malevo-
lent whim as the bull. He can be as docile
and timorous as any calf; or, sometimes, he
can work himself up to prowl and stamp
half the night, with enraged roars, over half
a tin-cupful of spilled blood.

  Not a fearsome sound, this bellowing, to
a man in the saddle or by a fire; but an
ominous thing to a crippled man alone on
the plain, lying at the end of a dotted trail
of blood. Slowly Whiskers twisted his
head and looked back the way he had come.
He could see the cattle, perhaps a dozen of
them, a low black blur three-quarters of a
mile away. The bull he could not make
out, but Whiskers knew that he was prob-

ably sniffing the blood of the fallen steer, and
throwing dirt over his own back with
pawing hoof.

  Whiskers thrust a shaking hand into the
pocket that had yielded the stray car-
tridge, in the desperate hope that another
might be there. The pocket contained to-
bacco crumbs, lint—nothing more. Hastily
the old man began searching the other
pockets in his clothes.

  “Good -!” he whispered fervently.

“Leave me have jest one! For-’s sake be

there! Be there!”

  One was. Shakily Whiskers put the lone
remaining cartridge into his gun. Then,
with clamped teeth and features contorted
with pain, he began the traversing of that
last hundred yards to Ten Spot. Slowly,
very slowly, he made his way, pausing fre-
quently to husband strength. It was like
the nightmare torture of a fever dream.
Nearer, now, sounded the deep, moaning
voice of the bull, “Mwaaaw—Mmm-
waaaaw!” a malevolent, evil thing.

  Twenty minutes passed. The clear light
of evening was dimming into dusk. Whisk-
ers looked back. He could make out the bull
now, a great dark beast in advance of his
little band of staring cattle. He could see
him sniff and paw. Unquestionably he was
following up that crooked, tortured trail.
The man turned his eyes to Ten Spot,
thirty yards away.

  The horse had ceased to graze, and was
half turned, staring back. Perhaps he was
suspiciously regarding the huddled figure
on the ground, perhaps looking at the ap-
proaching cattle beyond. On what the
animal would do next depended Whiskers’
chance for fife.

  The old man gaged the distance. Little
use, the single cartridge, to kill the bull, if
the other cattle followed in a trampling
rush, or if Ten Spot once more cantered be-
yond his reach into the dusk. Whiskers
made a brave decision. Drawing his re-
volver, he staked his life on a single flip of
the cards.

  He braced his elbows and aimed with
both hands at the top of Ten Spot’s neck.
A graze shot could drop the horse, momen-
tarily stunned. A fraction of an inch too
high would miss; an equal margin too low.
would kill. Either error would mean the
end.

  His hands shook, and he dared not shoot.
Three times he closed his eyes and lowered
Terlegaphy and the Bronc

55

the gun to steady his trembling hands. On
the fourth attempt he fired, and Ten Spot
fell.

  Scrambling, regardless now of pain,
Whiskers clawed himself over the ground,
any old way, desperately striving to reach
the p6ny before he should rise, if, indeed,
he were ever to rise again. He reached the
fallen horse, dragged himself over Ten Spot’s
barrel and clutched the horn. A long mo-
ment passed, the horse motionless beneath
him, not seeming to breathe.

  “Mwaaaaw—mmmwaaawl” said the voice
of the bull, very close now, so close that
when he stood and pawed, Whiskers could
hear his hoof tear at the earth. The old
man rested. He was through, his last card
played. It was already decided whether he
had lost—or won.

  Ten Spot stirred, then rolled over on to
his knees and shook his head. With a
mighty effort Whiskers got his sound leg
over the saddle. The pony heaved to his
feet.

  “It’s me, Ten Spot!” Whiskers croaked.
“It’s me! Whoa an’ easy, in the name o’

-!”

  Somehow Whiskers recovered the trailing
reins, and held the pony to a jogging walk
until he could fumblingly strap himself to
the saddle by buckling front and rear coat-
straps through his belt. His released bed
roll slid off, but he didn’t care. He let the
reins fall over the pommel and held on with
both hands. With the battle over his game
old nerve gave out, and the tears ran into
his beard.

  Ten Spot skirted the little herd of cattle,
and headed south for the remuda, far away.

  “Seems like—we’re goin’—the wrong
way,” said Whiskers through the mists of
pain.

  He vainly tried to turn Ten Spot with his
sound leg. Ten Spot went on.

DAWN, and a creeping grayness.
Then two long streaks of burnt
orange came into the buckwheat
sky just above the eastern hori-
zon, like long trailers of bright smoke.

  At the main herd camp of the Triangle-R
one of the motionless rolls of blanket
emitted a preliminary whimper, growled
and disgorged a tousled and bleary-eyed
cook, fully dressed. This abused-looking
husky stumbled over to the next roll of
blanket and nudged it with his boot.

  “Huh,” he said to it in a tone of com-
mand. “’Snother day.”

  A puff-eyed puncher struggled to a sit-
ting position and shook the next man.

  With sleepy but effective movements the
cook was starting his fire. The two wakened
punchers pulled on their boots, picked
up rope and rig and stumbled off toward
the remuda, preparing to relieve the two
motionless statues riding night herd a quar-
ter of a mile away. An encouraging smell
of bitter black coffee began to drift over the
camp, a great mass of potatoes began to
sizzle, the fire cracked and smoked. Blanket
rolls stirred and subsided, the men inside
groping for a last brief cat-nap before the
ordeal of getting into action.

  Whack-Ear, deep within his blankets,
woke slowly, and painfully considered the
necessity of rolling out. Some feeble fum-
bling cleared his head of the blankets; he
yawned—and then listened. The soft
plunk of walking hoofs sounded close, very
close. In another moment a hoof moved
into his range of vision and stopped.
Whack-Ear twisted his neck, and with
sleepy stupidity made his eye trace up a
foreleg to the horse at the end of it. Sud-
denly Whack-Ear burst out of his blankets
with a great yell.

  “For-’s sake, look here!”

  All around him heads thrust sleepily out
of blanket rolls. They stared for a fraction
of a moment; then their owners, like Whack-
Ear, turned out with sudden alacrity. A
cluster of serious-faced punchers quickly
formed about the invading horse.

  In the saddle sat Whiskers, slumped over
the pommel, gripping the horn with white,
stiff hands. One leg, crooked and un-
natural, stuck out stiffly away from the
stirrup. He looked at them uncompre-
hendingly, with haggard, staring eyes that
seemed set in black pits.

  Whack-Ear and Squirty Wallace were
fumbling at the straps that tied the old
puncher to the saddle. Whiskers opened
his mouth and tried to speak, but only a
rasping noise came forth. Then, with a
great effort, he wrenched out a question.

  “Which o’ you boys,” he croaked, “took
the cartridges—out o’—my iron?”

  No one answered. Whiskers slowly
moved his haggard blank eyes over the
group of punchers.

  “I know!” he rasped, fixing his gaze upon
Fodder Williams. "That’s the one!”
56

Adventure

 He let go the horn, and stretched a stiff,
 shaking claw in Fodder’s direction.

 “You — yalla — coyote — I’ll fix — your
 dirty works.”

Whiskers gripped the pommel and gamely
tried to swing himself out of the saddle.
Then suddenly he collapsed into Whack-
Ear’s arms.

“If I was you, Fodder,” said Whack-Ear
presently. “I b’lieve I’d take my horse an’
ride!”

And Fodder, having considered the mat-

ter from all angles, took his horse and
rode.

“TERLEGAPHY?” said Whisk-
~ers a long time after to a not-

-too-cautious questioner. “Terleg-

      ™ aphy? ’Sail right, son, works real
slick an’ inflooential — sometimes. But
when it ain’t workin’—well, you best do like
me. Send that or’nary, obstinate, wooden-
headed crocodile some other sort o’ message
—one that’ll be real pressin’!”

A MYSTERY MAN

 by Eugene Cunningham

IONEER Californians like to rem-
inisce about the cosmopolitan
citizenry of San Francisco in gold
rush times. There were so many
men of various nations and walks of life
that queer characters were myriad. One
must have been markedly different to
attract attention in that heterogeneous
gathering.

  In ’49 a man named William F. Hamilton
was daily pointed out on the streets for his
singular refinement of appearance and man-
ner. Even in that day of long beards, red
shirts and muddy boots, Hamilton managed
to be amazingly dapper. Little was known
of him, save that he was born in Jamaica
and came to California from New York.

  He remained in the city, no man knowing
exactly what his occupation was. As San
Francisco assumed the airs of older places
and uncouthness waned, Hamilton put on
a suit of the finest broadcloth of unim-
peachable style and cut, snowy linen and a
high silk hat shinier than any other seen
on Montgomery Street.

  It was his custom to promenade with
dignity along Montgomery every pleasant
afternoon, bowing formally to acquain-
tances, always attracting much attention
because he seemed to type the perfect
Chesterfield. He was a member of the
Society of California Pioneers; many had
seen him daily since ’49; still his manner of
living was a mystery.

  The passing years seemed to touch all
but Hamilton. Men knew that he must be
growing very old, but he was an institu-

tion, seeming little more changeable than
stone. But upon a sunny afternoon in
1862 he did not appear at his usual hour;
the next day he was missing still, and the
next. Then the papers printed brief no-
tices of his death. Some one, more than
ordinarily curious, had traced the usual
course of the old elegant and finally reached
the building from which he set out daily.

  He lived in a warehouse loft near the
juncture of California and Davis streets.
Here he had lodged and worked for years,
stuffing mattresses, pew and carriage cush-
ions and the like. Each afternoon he had
sallied out to comport himself as he felt a
gentleman should.

  Those who entered the bleak loft, lit-
tered with the material and tools of his
trade, fancied almost that they looked upon
a stranger, so hollow-cheeked, so aged, the
meager figure on the pallet, its newly dyed
black beard seeming artificial as stage
make-up. An ingenious contrivance held
the old man’s coat and trousers in shape;
his shining hat was in its box; a black wig,
carefully combed, was on its block; his
boots were treed and set with heels together
in their corner.

  All his life centered in those promenades
among the fashionables. He was willing,
it seemed, to labor in this gloomy loft if it
gave him means to play the gentleman—
and a thorough gentleman he was, by all
reports—for a little while each day. He
was dead and with him died his secret; if
there were really any secret beyond a
strong, set, independent character.
Hilt Pursuit

   J>y George Bruce, Marquis

Author of “Eunamtuck, the Man,’’ “The Lost Blue Bucket,’’ etc.

        S EUNAMTUCK stooped to re-
move his coffee-pot a bullet came
whirring out of the night, bit
through the crown of his big black
Stetson and buried itself in the tree behind
him. Before the second shot, which came
tripping hard upon the heels of the first,
Eunamtuck had thrown himself sidewise
out of the range of the firelight and, drawing
his heavy revolver, fired three times at the
tongue of flame that had licked at him vi-
ciously out of the darkness.

  With a regretful glance at his coffee-pot,
spewing its amber fluid into the edge of his
camp-fire, Eunamtuck wriggled along the
ground till he reached a clump of service-
berry bushes. Pushing his way into the
protective shadows, he stood erect and,
canting his head toward the quarter from
which the attack had come, listened long
and attentively. But he heard nothing,
save the sounds common to the night in the
mountains a hundred miles removed from
every vestige of civilization.

  Presently he sat down back against the
bole of a tree, still alert and watchful. Two
hours dragged by and at the end of that
time, concluding that his assailants had
withdrawn, he unrolled his blankets and
was soon asleep.

  The big Indian was a fit product of his
time. He had been chief of the Tillayuma
Indian Police for ten years, and in that time
had won a unique position for himself, both
in the estimation of the law abiding and the
lawless. Uncorruptible and just, reputed

   “The Pursuit." copyright, 1925, by George Bruce Marquis. 57

the strongest and quickest man on the
reservation, a peerless shot with either rifle
or pistol, combining dauntless courage with
the cunning and wariness of a fox, yet his
big chest housed the simple heart of an un-
spoiled child. And he had, besides, an un-
failing sense of humor that had stood him
in good stead in many a crisis in his exciting
career.

  Three days before, he had left the Flat
Dog Agency to investigate a reported kill-
ing of elk by a band of Indians on their
summer hunt, and this night found him far
back in the Blue Mountains and, as he had
supposed, many miles from any human be-
ing. Yet out of the solitude had come the
sudden attack, which but for a lucky move
on his part would have been fatal.

  With the first gray tinge of dawn Eunam-
tuck awoke. Determining to investigate
the mysterious assault of the night before,
he slipped out of his blankets and, picking
up his rifle, set out.

  Choosing a circuitous route, he warily ap-
proached the point from which the shots had
been fired. In time he came upon it. A
big pine lay across the trail and behind it he
found the prints left in the soft mold where
the two assailants had knelt down to sight
their rifles over the log barricade. His
camp was a good two hundred yards away,
and the accuracy with which the shots had
been fired in the uncertain light easily dem-
onstrated that he was not dealing with nov-
ices in the use of firearms. Close behind
the logs he picked up two empty shells,
58

Adventure

which he proceeded to examine with care.
The first was one used in a high-power
modern hunting rifle of well-known make,
while the second was an old-fashioned Win-
chester shell.

  The log lay squarely across the trail,
which sloped away quite sharply in the
direction opposite from his camp. The two
men had come and gone down this trail,
their tracks being easily discernible in the
thin layer of dust. As Eunamtuck cau-
tiously followed their back trail, he studied
the parallel tracks with care. From the
exaggerated pigeon-toed style of one of the
men Eunamtuck concluded that he was an
Indian. The tracks of the other, however,
puzzled Eunamtuck for a time. Unless
the man was faking, he was crippled in the
left foot, so much so that only the heel
touched the ground. As Eunamtuck fol-
lowed these irregular tracks his brows knit-
ted in thought. He told himself that some-
where he had seen them before and then in a
flash it came to him. He paused abruptly.

  “ ‘Hip’ Huddle!” he grunted. “Doubt-
less,” he continued in the Nez Perces tongue,
“the other is Takamsin.”

  Hip Huddle had been so named from his
peculiar jerky style of walking, or as old
“Bat” Jennison quaintly phrased it—

  “He just naturally shoulders his hip every
step he takes.”

  He was one of those disreputable whites
often found around an Indian reservation,
who make a precarious living through devi-
ous and unlawful ways. From the milder
forms of iniquity, such as smuggling bad
whisky on to the reservation and defraud-
ing the unsophisticated Indian wards in a
half-dozen different ways, he had by de-
grees graduated into a career of deeper
crime, darkened by deeds of violence and
bloodshed.

  With him had been associated a Tillayu-
ma Indian, Takamsin, a fit companion in
his lawless deeds.

  Six years before, the two men had sud-
denly disappeared from the reservation,
but from time to time news had trickled
back from the Flat Head Reservation in
Montana, which indicated that they had
merely shifted their field of operations. But
if Eunamtuck’s inference was correct, the
two had returned. And that return had
been signalized by his attempted murder.

  Fully aware of the desperate character of
the two men, Eunamtuck redoubled his

caution, for he had no mind to run head-on
into an ambuscade. As it proved in the
end, his caution at this time was so much
wasted effort, for presently he came upon
their night’s camp.

  The dead ashes of their fire were ample
proof that it had been out for hours, and
Eunamtuck concluded that they had in all
probability abandoned it soon after their
unsuccessful attempt to kill him. Every-
thing indicated that the camp had been
deserted in a panic, for he found two or
three small articles which had escaped them
in their haste. Only one thing interested
him, however, a badly crumpled twenty-
dollar bill.

  Painstakingly Eunamtuck smoothed it
out. He could read after a fashion, and he
finally made out that it was a note on the
First National Bank of Tekoa, a town lying
just beyond the limits of the Tillayuma
Reservation, some four miles distant from
the agency at Flat Dog. Now Eunam-
tuck’s sense of smell was as keen as a
hound’s, and applying the bank note to his
big, hooked nose, he sniffed at it a moment,
then threw up his head with a chuckle.

  “Injun,” he declared.

FOR him the identity of the pair
was now settled beyond a shadow
of doubt. He was dealing again
with Hip Huddle and Takamsin.
Pausing only long enough to make sure of
the direction of their flight, he returned to
his own camp, ate breakfast and, saddling
his horse, set out in pursuit of the two out-
laws. He knew that they had a lead of
several hours, for he reasoned that they had
in all likelihood slipped away as soon as the
moon had come up, probably about twelve
o’clock.

  The trail paralleled in rough fashion the
south bank of the Tillayuma River, and now,
giving the pinto his head, the Indian divided
his attention equally between watching the
tracks left by the two horses and keeping a
sharp lookout ahead for the outlaws. When
the signs indicated that the two had pushed
their horses into a gallop, he did the same
but never for a moment did he relax his
vigilance.	i

  He was thoroughly versed in the art of
reading signs and could tell with approxi-
mate certainty the age of a trail. Conning
these things over as he rode hunched
over his saddle, eyes glued to the trail, he
The Pursuit

59

concluded that they were three or four
hours in the lead at the least.

  They seemed to hold the lead all through
the afternoon and well toward evening.
And then something happened that gave
him cause to reflect.

  The trail at this particular point ran up
quite sharply over a tongue of rubble that
had washed down through a little gully to
the very bank of the river. The obstruc-
tion was not high, twenty feet possibly, but
the ascent was so sharp that it would be
impossible to see a dozen feet of the trail
ahead once he was on the ascent.

  Eunamtuck brought his pony to a halt
and considered the situation. The one
thing that threatened the greatest danger to
him was to run head-on into an ambuscade,
and this spot certainly afforded a perfect
setting for such an enterprise on the part of
the outlaws.

  Mentally exchanging places with the two,
Eunamtuck reasoned that they were per-
fectly certain that he would pursue them.
With this established it was only a step to
the conclusion that they would try to elude
him or, failing in that, would undertake to
kill him. What more natural for them than
to lead him to think they were miles away,
when in fact they were lying by the trail
watching patiently for him to ride into a
trap?

  Eunamtuck, the wiliest of men, decided
to investigate first. Riding back a few
yards, he turned his pony aside behind a
clump of alder and, dismounting, returned,
rifle in hand, toward the point that had at-
tracted his attention. As he approached
the foot of the slide, his sharp eyes glimpsed
something that certainly justified his cau-
tion.

  A big rattler was leisurely drawing his
stubby body across the highest point in the
trail, when suddenly he stopped and throw-
ing himself into a great coil, began to send
out his blood-chilling warning. And the
malevolent lidless eyes of the snake were
fixed on some object on the other reach of
the trail and invisible to the Indian.

  Without for a moment shifting his gaze
from the animated danger signal, perched
on the arch of the trail, Eunamtuck backed
stealthily behind a great fir tree, rifle out-
thrust and ready for instant use. How long
the big rattler continued to send out his
challenge Eunamtuck did not know, but
presently the whirring gradually ceased,

slowly the huge coils relaxed and the snake
crawled on across the trail and disappeared
in the underbrush.

  Cautiously Eunamtuck negotiated the
sharp ascent, crossed the divide and within
a dozen yards was in full possession of the
secret of the rattler’s warning. Behind a
rock at the side of the trail the thick grass
had been crushed flat. And so recently,
too, that even while he examined the spot
the blades were straightening up in jerky
fashion, showing that the place had been
deserted within the last few minutes at the
longest.

  For a moment he wondered that he had
heard not a sound as the two men had
slipped away from the shelter of the rock,
but the briefest of inspections of the grass,
ankle high, which bordered the trail ex-
plained the mystery.

  Then as he listened, the rapid drumming
of horses’ hoofs drifted to him from some-
where up the trail, and he knew that the
outlaws were again in flight. Returning to
his pony, he resumed the pursuit.

ffipdjSL NIGHT came quickly, and as the
darkness settled down like a
heavy blanket over the deep
canon he drew aside from the
trail, and made camp. He felt certain that
Huddle and his companion were near, and
he did not propose to furnish them with a
target for rifle practise that night.

  He staked out his horse, ate his supper of
crackers and dried beef and, unrolling his
blankets, lay down close to the trail. Well
toward morning he awoke. A moon in the
last quarter was just showing itself above
the canon rim, and its feeble light illumi-
nated vaguely a considerable stretch of the
trail ahead of him.

  A blurred shapeless object showed at the
farther end of the trail, an object that
moved, but without sound. A moment’s
observation and he had solved it. The two
outlaws on foot and leading their horses
were trying to escape by the back trail.
Another second, and, raising his rifle, he
fired twice just over the heads of their
horses. The sudden flashes of his gun, ad-
ded to the whine of the bullets, threw a
panic into the two horses.

  Snorting with fear, they whirled about,
dragging the lead-ropes through the out-
laws’ fingers, and went crashing up the back
trail. With sudden agility the two outlaws
6o

Adventure

dropped to the ground and laced the elu-
sive darkness with a stream of bullets.

  Eunamtuck, lying prone in the grass a
dozen yards from the spot that had wit-
nessed his attack, chuckled to himself as he
watched their futile efforts to locate him.
He did not fire again. Presently the two
outlaws gave it up and, drawing back in
the shadows, set off in the wake of their
runaway horses.

  As far as Eunamtuck was concerned he
had no intention of shooting one of the
men, unless absolute necessity forced him.
Surely and steadily he was driving them
into a cul-de-sac from which they could not
escape. They were nearing the headwaters
of the Tillayuma and in its pinched-in canon
they would be effectually trapped, for at its
upper end the Tillayuma made a wild plunge
from a sheer wall of basalt down into a nar-
row gorge, flanked on both sides by un-
scalable cliffs. The only way out was along
a narrow shelf-like trail perched high above
the river. And Eunamtuck was on the
open end of that trail.

  The next morning Eunamtuck resumed
his tireless pursuit. The first few hours
were but replicas of those of the preceding
day, but along toward noon another diver-
sion occurred.

  The trail here opened out into a meadow
just as if two huge bows had been placed
together, string to string, only the bows
were constructed of close-set trees backed
by cliffs. The meadow was possibly three
hundred yards across at its widest point,
and the trail of the two horses led straight
into it. Eunamtuck drew up his pony and
studied the situation with care.

  The trees and bushes made it impossible
of approach undetected, except on foot. Not
a sound was to be heard as he sat his horse,
save the gentle soughing of the wind in the
pine trees. It was too peaceful, too idealis-
tic, and the big Indian shook his head at the
thought of riding across the open prairie.

  He turned his pony around and rode back
along the trail for a short distance. Then
he dismounted and, taking his rifle, pushed
into the thicket and began to work his way
through the tangle of trees and bushes
toward the upper end of the tiny meadow.
Moving with the stealth of a cat, in time he
approached the point where he suspected
that the outlaws might be concealed. The
trees grew more sparsely here, and at the
very edge where the meadow began was a

fringe of buck-brush. Eunamtuck dropped
to his knees and crawled warily out to this
hedgelike screen.

  Hardly had he reached its shelter when a
crow, meditating high above in a dead
cottonwood tree, spied him. Canting his
head sidewise the bird studied the intruder
with a beady eye, voted him lacking in
confidence and, rising leisurely from his
perch, gave vent to his disapproval in his
raucous fashion. Inwardly cursing the
feathered detective, Eunamtuck crouched
lower and waited for developments. They
came with amazing celerity and amply
demonstrated that other eyes were alert
that day other than the crow’s.

  A mass of wild rosebushes, growing scarce-
ly fifty yards away, began erupting bullets
at that precise moment, their destination
being the buck-brush which concealed but
did not shelter the chief of the Tillayuma
Police. Ripping through the tiny branches,
the lead hail showered Eunamtuck with
leaves and bits of twigs, but save clipping
a half-circle neatly in the outer rim of his
big Stetson, he escaped unscathed.

  The attack closed as abruptly as it began,
and in a dozen pulse-beats Eunamtuck
heard the sound of galloping horses and
knew that the outlaws were beating a
frenzied retreat. He sat up and removing
his hat looked at the rent just contributed
to his already abused headpiece. A slow
grin overspread his jovial face, as he laid
the tip of a big brown finger in^the crescent-
like depression.

  “Betta bitum yo’ dan me, ol’ hat,” he
mused aloud in his quaint way. “No hur-
tun yo’. Hiyu hurtum me. Yo’ bet yo’
my life.”

  He went back to his horse and continued
the pursuit. The outlaws had gained a
considerable lead, but it did not worry their
pursuer. The time was rapidly approach-
ing when they would be forced into a corner
and Eunamtuck patiently waited for that
time to come.

  And other events were shaping them-
selves in his favor, for about two hours be-
fore sunset, as he rounded an obtruding
shoulder of rock, he saw some distance ahead
a horse standing beside the trail. His first
thought was that it was a trick of some
sort, but a second glance told him a very
different story.

  Grown tender-footed from the unac-
customed traveling on mountain trails, the
The Pursuit

61

horse had stumbled and broken a foreleg,
about half-way between the knee and foot.
He was a magnificent black, and as he stood
there on three legs, with the broken limb
dangling uselessly, the heart of the big
Indian went out to him in his helplessness.

  Dismounting, he approached the aban-
doned saddle horse, calling to him softly in
his way. The injured animal did not move,
even when Eunamtuck reached out and
stroked his forehead. Now a crippled horse
is helpless enough under any circumstances,
but his end in this wild region, where bears
and panthers abounded, would be only a
matter of hours. Yet Eunamtuck did re-
luctantly the thing that the outlaws should
have done, if they had had a grain of mercy
for their faithful ally. Drawing his heavy
revolver, he put the horse out of his misery.
As he stood looking down at the battered
feet of the dead horse, he turned to his own
wise little pony, and after his fashion ad-
dressed him.

  “Chawenam,” he declared, “thy hoofs
of iron were made for trails like these.”

  Again his eyes wandered back to the
other horse, and suddenly a novel idea oc-
curred to him. Acting upon it, he drew his
sheath knife and kneeling down quickly cut
away the wavy black mane, rolled it into a
bundle and stowed it away in his pack.
This done, he swung lithely into his saddle
and set out once more in the wake of the
outlaws.

THE outlaws were in a desperate
plight, for with but one horse be-
tween them and Hip Huddle a
cripple any chance they had had
to escape was now diminished by a good
deal more than half. Besides, another day
would bring them to the end of the trail
where progress ahead was absolutely barred.

  The tracks proved that Huddle was
riding now, with Takamsin trailing behind,
and it was equally evident to Eunamtuck
that he was rapidly closing the gap between
them. When night settled down in the black
gorge, he felt that the pair were very near.

  As on the previous night, Eunamtuck
camped near the trail. Before him was a
dense growth of trees and bushes, possibly
a couple of acres in extent, which, he had
no doubt, sheltered the outlaws. Like him,
they would build no fire, and to attempt to
stalk them in the velvety darkness would
be the work of a madman.

  It was growing quite light when Eunam-
tuck awoke. Sitting up in his blankets, he
stretched his mighty arms above his head,
while every rippling muscle in his great back
laughed with the joy of superb health. To-
day the chase would end he told himself.

  Then to his acute ears there came the
sound of a muffled shot. Gaging its direc-
tion, he concluded that it came from the
matted tangle of timber immediately before
him. He got to his feet and, picking up his
rifle, set out to investigate.

  Progress through the heavy brush and
timber was a slow matter, and the lingering
shadows added to his difficulties. Besides,
he proceeded with great caution, for the
shot might well be a trick to lure him into
their clutches. He had penetrated well to-
ward the heart of the j umble of fallen logs and
great standing trees, when he came upon a
small open space, walled in completely on
every side by a hedge of bushes. Quite on
the farther side he made out the body of a
man lying on his face, his head surrounded
by an irregular blotch that glinted dark
red in the feeble rays of light that straggled
through the obstructing foliage.

  Skirting the open space, Eunamtuck in
another minute had solved the mystery of
the lone shot. He turned over the dead
outlaw, to find himself looking into the dis-
torted face of Hip Huddle. The bullet that
had killed him had been fired from behind
and at so close a range that his hair had
been badly burned by the exploding powder.

  Allowing the dead outlaw to settle back
gently on the grass, Eunamtuck stood erect,
and at that moment to his alert ears there
came the sound of a galloping horse.
Takamsin was making a desperate effort to
escape and along the upper river. The big
Indian smiled grimly to himself as he
thought of the emotions of the fleeing man
when he found in the end that that avenue
was blocked by solid rock walls.

  Before he went back to his own camp
Eunamtuck covered the murdered man with
logs and brush, sufficient to keep prowling
animals away for the time at least. He did
not stop to eat, but, saddling his pony, once
more took up the pursuit. So far there had
been a semblance of a trail, but from this
point on it vanished, completely. All that
day was a succession of wild scrambles over
numberless tongues of rock slides that had
crept down from the heights above to the
very lip of the tumbling river.
62

Adventure

  Not long before sunset Eunamtuck came
upon the outlaw’s remaining horse, standing
with drooping head at the foot of a fan-
shaped rockslide which the tender-footed
horse had been unable to scale. So much
the tracks left in the treacherous shale in-
formed Eunamtuck. Without a moment’s
hesitation Eunamtuck leaped from his pony
and, leaving him to keep company with the
abandoned thoroughbred, scrambled up the
rockslide to solid footing above. Before
him stretched away a level, rock causeway,
hemmed in between the cliffs on his left
hand and the bank of the river on his right.

  Less than half a mile away the causeway
terminated abruptly at the falls of the Tilla-
yuma, where that turbulent stream leaped
down a full hundred feet over a barrier of
basalt into a seething whirlpool below. The
thunder of the falling water drummed in
Eunamtuck’s ears, as his eye swept the
smooth unbroken course before him.

  Two hundred yards away Takamsin was
running desperately toward the falls, as if
he still hoped to find some avenue of escape.
But escape was impossible, and Eunamtuck
chuckled to himself as he watched Takamsin
sprinting madly for safety that did not
exist. Now with a tireless, distance-de-
vouring stride the big Indian leaped in
pursuit. He gained with surprizing rapidity
and when Takamsin reached the edge of
the frothing whirlpool at the foot of the
falls, Eunamtuck was less than a hundred
yards behind him.

  And now for the first time Takamsin
seemed to realize that he was effectually
trapped. He swept the smooth rock walls
with a rapid glance, and then without hesi-
tation leaped over the rim of the boiling
caldron and disappeared. Eunamtuck halt-
ed abruptly, and, edging over to the brink of
the sheer rock wall, watched the river for
any signs of the outlaw. Presently Takam-
sin’s big white hat came bobbing along on
the frothing water, canted over drunkenly
and sank beneath the surface.

  At sight of this Eunamtuck shook his
head and then as if dismissing the whole
thing from his mind, turned about and
slowly retraced his steps to the horses.
Which perhaps after all was a fortunate
thing for him to do, for Takamsin had not
taken the wild plunge into the whirlpool,
but instead had leaped down on to a narrow
ledge, which a few feet below hung like a nar-
row shelf mortised to the blank rock wall.

  Doubling around its upper edge* he
scrambled up quickly behind a shattered
block of basalt which was perched on the
very edge above the frothing bowl of the
whirlpool. He now had a complete view of
Eunamtuck as he stood watching the antics
of Takamsin’s hat as it drifted on the tur-
bulent waters.

   He lay there, eye glued to his rifle barrel,
finger crooked round the trigger, yet so
great was his fear of the redoubtable chief
of police that Takamsin dared not fire at
that distance. To miss from a rest at less
than a hundred yards seemed impossible,
yet while he debated the chances with him-
self, Eunamtuck ended the mental argu-
ment by turning away.

  With some difficulty Eunamtuck man-
aged finally to get the two horses up around
the rock slide and in a few minutes had es-
tablished his camp in a small grove of
stunted black pine in full view of the falls
and the Indian, watching there.

  Behind the little grove was a tiny
meadow, where he staked out the tired
horses to riot in the lush grass. And now,
for the first time in three days, he built a
fire and cooked a meal. A competent eater
at all times, the big Indian this time had
fairly eclipsed his former gastronomic ef-
forts, when with a sigh of complete satis-
faction he stowed away the last scrap of
his Gargantuan repast, loosed his belt and
settled back to rest.

  In the meantime Takamsin from his hid-
ing place watched with greedy eyes the
smoke curling up from Eunamtuck’s fire,
and the evening breeze seemed almost to
carry the odor of the cooking food to his
twitching nostrils. But Takamsin knew
well the philosophy of patience and did not
propose now to imperil his precariously won
safety by a premature move.

  His plan was simple. With Eunamtuck
completely off his guard he proposed to stalk
him under the cover of darkness, kill him
with less compunction than he would have
a wolf, repossess himself of his horse and
make a leisurely and unhampered escape.

  To do this last was sufficient reason in
itself for the exercise now of great caution,
but bulking huge above it even, was the
certainty that he could glut his desire for
revenge in no other adequate way. So
while darkness settled down tardily over
the river gorge, Takamsin watched the
twinkling light of the camp-fire and waited.
The Pursuit

63

THE camp-fire had dwindled to
a mass of glowing embers when
Takamsin paused on the outskirts
of the little grove and from the
shelter of a tree warily inspected the camp
and its surroundings. The fire had been
built in a tiny open spot, and its mild glow
was yet sufficient to light up everything
within a radius of a dozen feet with con-
siderable distinctness.

  Beyond the fire was a stunted pine tree,
and hanging on the end of a broken limb
was Eunamtuck’s big black Stetson. At
the foot of the tree, between it and the
fire, Takamsin made out a form wrapped
in Eunamtuck’s blankets, and Takamsin
grinned evilly as he caught sight of the
mass of black hair just peeping out from
under the gaudy blankets. It offered a
mark impossible for him to miss at that
distance.

  But he would make assurance doubly
sure, so, swinging a pack, not unlike those
carried by Boy Scouts on hiking trips,
noiselessly from his shoulders, he crept still
nearer.

  At a distance of not greater than ten
yards he halted again and, raising his rifle,
drew a bead on that thatch of hair sticking
out from under the blankets. With deliber-
ation he held it under his rifle in the manner
of a gormand lingering over a dainty morsel.
To kill the wily Eunamtuck under any cir-
cumstances would be sheer joy, but to do it
with such ease was adding a hilarious climax
to his elation.

  Immediately at the shot the lower end
of the blankets was thrown into violent
commotion, observing which, Takamsin
dropped his gun and, knife in hand, leaped
eagerly across the intervening space ade-
quately to finish the pleasant task.

  But as he stooped over, with amazing
suddenness something thudded across the
back of his skull, dropping him senseless in
his tracks.

  Consciousness returned slowly to Takam-
sin, and the first sight that met his be-
fuddled gaze was Eunamtuck, very much
alive, smiling at him genially across the re-
juvenated camp-fire. Scowling in a crooked,
ugly way at this unpalatable discovery,
Takamsin turned his attention to things at
hand.

  He was seated on the ground, his back
against the tree at the edge of the camp-
fire, and around his body and the tree were

wound coil after coil of a rawhide lariat.
Had he been confined in a strait-jacket
he could not have been more helpless. And
now to him was revealed the cunning man-
ner in which Eunamtuck had ensnared him.

  Lying just beyond the reach of Takam-
sin’s tattooing heels was a section of log,
half as big around as his body and about
as long. Across its middle was still draped
Eunamtuck’s gaudy blankets, but both
ends were exposed, and as he looked at it
Takamsin ground his teeth in rage. To
one end of the log was attached a rope, now
slack and lying on the ground, its free end
leading behind the tree to which he was
now so securely anchored.

   The sight of the other end of the log drove
him simply mad with impotent rage, for
around it was bound artfully the black mane
which Eunamtuck had clipped from the
outlaw’s dead saddle horse!

  Eunamtuck observed the silent tribute to
his genius with pardonable elation. Pick-
ing up the rope, he jiggled the log so that he
gave a poor imitation of a man kicking
lustily.

  “Hiyu kickum!” He grinned at the dis-
comfited Takamsin. “Hiyu dead now,” he
added, as the log ceased its mad gyrations
and came to rest. “Dat first tam yo’ killum
log?” he inquired whimsically.

  Takamsin made no reply to this question
and after a minute Eunamtuck continued:

  “Dis afternoon me seeum yo’ all a tam at
falls. Me know yo’ no jumpum in rivah.
Yo’ heap fraid do dat. But me no want to
killum yo’. Me tink dis better way gettum
yo’. Now yo’ hang sure. Yo’ bet yo’ my
life.”

  “That is as it may be,” Takamsin said
gutturally in Nez Perces, “but I am not in
Tekoa and doubtless I will escape.”

  “Thou wilt not escape,” Eunamtuck re-
plied positively in the same tongue. “Think
of one who has escaped from me and name
him. There is no one.”

   “I will escape,” Takamsin replied bravely,
though in his evil heart he felt misgivings,
for he knew that Eunamtuck’s calm state-
ment was the exact truth.

  No prisoner had ever come to his free-
dom once the wily chief of police had had
his powerful hands upon him. And yet,
might not he, Takamsin, prove to be the
one exception?

  Leaving the morose outlaw to brood over
his plight, Eunamtuck walked over to the
64

Adventure

spot where he had seen Takamsin drop his
pack. In a moment he returned with it
and laying it upon the ground in the full
light of the crackling camp-fire, he un-
buckled the heavy straps and threw back
the canvas flap. Even he, stolid Indian
that he was, emitted an ejaculation of
astonishment, for the knapsack was liter-
ally jammed full with packages of bank-
notes!

  Eunamtuck with some little awe lifted
out one of the neat, flat packages and
studied it with respect. The notes were
new, and the denomination fifty dollars.
Also he noted that they were bills of the first
National Bank of Tekoa. With that dis-
covery a new light was suddenly thrown
upon the whole perplexing problem of the
last three days.

  He turned upon Takamsin.

  “Yo’ robbum bank Tekoa,” he said accus-
ingly. “Yo’ t’ink me knowum yo’ robbum.
Yo’ try to killum me for dat, hunh? Yo’
killum Huddle so yo’ gettum all dat monish,
hunh? Takamsin yo’ hias cultus mans.”

  To the flat accusation that he was a very
bad man, the outlaw entered no denial, but
instead his manner underwent a sudden
change.

  “Thirty thousand dollars is there,” he
said artfully. “Half of it will make you
rich. Take it and let me go.”

  Eunamtuck raised his big hand threat-
eningly and the trussed-up man shrank from
the expected blow. But Eunamtuck did
not strike him.

  “I have said,” he remarked dispassion-
ately in the Nez Perces language, almost as
if speaking to himself, “that you will hang.
Therefore, I, Eunamtuck, must not kill
you. Nevertheless, I can stop your wag-
ging tongue with this,” and he pointed sig-
nificantly to his silk neck-handkerchief.

  “Thou art a fool,” Takamsin spat out.

  Nevertheless he retired into a discreet
silence, for to be gagged indefinitely offered
no very alluring prospect.

  Whether Eunamtuck slept or not Takam-
sin did not know of a certainty, but at any
rate he found the other awake whenever he
stole a furtive glance in his direction.

  At daybreak they ate breakfast and were
soon on their way. Always the watchful
eye of the chief of police was on his prisoner,
and, though Takamsin revolved ceaselessly
numberless plans of escape, not the slightest
opportunity presented itself. Near evening

they halted at the spot where Takamsin had
murdered Hip Huddle, and now under
Eunamtuck’s urging the reluctant Indian
heaped above his victim stones and brush
till the dead outlaw was effectually shielded
from marauding animals.

  On the fifth day, just past the noon hour,
they rode into Tekoa, and Eunamtuck
promptly delivered his prisoner to the
sheriff. Shaking off that voluble officer,
Eunamtuck took his leisurely way to the
bank and entered it unobtrusively and
passed on to where the president of the
bank, John Kellough, sat, hunched up
gloomily over some correspondence. The
robbery, added to the death of two of his
employees, had been a heavy blow to the
banker, and now, as the big Indian’s shadow
fell across his desk, he looked up with some
show of annoyance.

  “Want to see me, Eunamtuck?” he asked
a little tartly.

  Without replying Eunamtuck stepped in-
side and sat down with the canvas knap-
sack held on his knees.

  “Me t’ink me got somet’ing for yo’,” he
stated calmly.

  Then while the banker waited in
some wonder Eunamtuck methodically
unstrapped the bag and unceremoniously
tumbled its contents out upon the desk.

  “My -—— j” Kellough sputtered, mean-
while pawing at the money with twitching
fingers. “Where did you get it?”

  “Back in mountains,” Eunamtuck an-
swered placidly.

  Forgetful of decorum, Kellough fairly
whooped out his joy which quickly brought
a scurrying crowd of employees to rejoice
with him.

  Eventually their delirium passed suffi-
ciently to enable them to make a tabulated
check of the recovered bills.

  “It’s all there but twenty dollars,” Kel-
lough announced with a sigh of relief at the
close of the check.

  At that, with a chuckle of remembrance,
Eunamuck drew out of his pocket a badly
crumpled twenty-dollar bill and tossed it
over to the banker.

  “Me findum dat bill at dere camp de
first morning,” he exclaimed cheerfully.
“Me smellum. Takamsin carry um all
right. Pullum out him pocket dat night.
Mebbeso lookum for string, me no know.
Me t’ink, now, when dey rob dis bank,
Takamsin stealum dat bill for himself.
The Goodly Company

65

Byembym killum Huddle an’ stealum de
rest of monish. Hias cultus dat mans.
Me no wantum dis bill. Me forget all
’bout it dat’s all. Me no want to steal
um like Takamsin.”

  “It’s yours anyway and a lot more,”
Kellough said happily. “Here—” he held
out a package of bills to the Indian—“take
this. The bank offered a reward of a thou-
sand dollars for the recovery of the money
and you’ve won it.”

But the big Indian only shook his’ head.
“Me chief of police,” he stated without
emotion. “Me findum monish. Me bring-
um back yo’. Dat’s all right. Me no
wantum.”

  “Take it,” the banker still insisted.

“Don’t you understand? It’s yours.”

THE big Indian sat unmoved for
a time, deaf to the other’s words.
At length, however, a smile be-
gan to play over his big genial
face.

  “Injum boys agency,” he intoned, “get-
tum up ball-team. Needum bats, need-
um suits, needum everyt’ing. Lots uv
monish all dem t’ings cost. Hiyu skookum
for dem boys, play ball.”

  He reached out his big hand and took the
proffered money.

 “Me takum,” he announced. “Dem
boys heap havum all dem t’ings now. Yo’
bet yo’ my life.”

THE GOODLY COMPANY

by Ad. B. Shuster

             OME, all of you who have combed the sea
               And are tanned by alien suns;

         Sit you down by my fire with me.

          The sand in the hour glass runs.

        You who have drawn your chairs to board
        In the rat-nest Malay shack;

        Who have faced the heat and the mongrel horde—

         Who have gone to hell and back!

        You who have roamed nor asked the why;

         Who have thrown into life your all—

         Come into port where the old men die.

          The brown leaves slowly fall.

          So, it’s welcome all, and a pledge, forsooth,

         Will you stand for a toast with me?

         Here’s to the roving heart of Youth,

        To the goodly company!
QlfiC’

Corruption of
DeaconMunden

A. Complete.Novelette

         bs> Charles Vfctor JFischer

                             Author of “Frog,” “To the Dogs," etc.

SJi

|0 ONE in his senses would have
taken “Deacon” Munden for a
J fighter. He was [too delicately
■	molded. He was a little above

medium height and well-framed, but slim,
undeveloped, tender looking. Nor had he
the face of a fighter. It was a thin face,
with hollow cheeks, small though finely
made features, and a broad, smooth fore-
head. He had big blue eyes, serious eyes
that seldom smiled and never frowned, and
thick brown hair.

  light! The Deacon abhorred the word.
He loved peace. The son of a minister, he
had been born and reared to revere that
word. So far as any one on that ship could
see, his only reason for enlisting in the Navy
was to carry the love-thy-neighbor doctrine
out upon the high and briny blue, where the
best of men will sometimes forget them-
selves, hark to the call of the brute within,
and fight.

  A pacifist to the roots of him, “Deac.”
He never failed to show up just in time to
stop a fight. Always, the moment an argu-
ment attained that white-hot point where
the two shipmates began smearing mud on
each other’s ancestors, in came the Deacon,
softly, gently, but ever so impressively.
And he never failed to turn an exchange of
blows into a handshake.

  No, he was no sissy. At least none of the
Rolling Lou’s five hundred bluejackets had
ever so dubbed him. There was nothing
effeminate about Deac. He was a lad of
fine sensibilities, and as fine a shipmate as

66

ever donned a flat hat. He didn’t smoke,
chew, drink, swear—but who could hate
him for that? He never changed. Three
and a half years he had been on the big
scout cruiser, ever since leaving the training
station; and he had always been the same—
quiet, retiring, though never haughtily
aloof, conscientious in his duties, which
were those of a yeoman in the pay-office,
always intensely in earnest, and ever glad to
hand over his last nickle to a worthy cause.
A sissy isn’t the tiniest part of that.

  Then, one balmy sunny morning, when the
Lou was bound south to join the fleet at
Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, the winter rendez-
vous, quite by accident a shipmate discov-
ered that the Deacon had a flaw. The
shipmate was Jimmy Forbes, a brawny
machinist’s mate. He chanced to lay hold
of Deac by the ribs from behind, in one of
those affectionate, how’s-the-old-boy ways,
just below the armpits, as Deac leaned over
the rail watching the flying fish rise out of
the dark blue water and go soaring.

  Never had those gobs on the Lou’s top-
side witnessed such antics. The Deacon
leaped four feet, straight up. He came
down spinning, his fists whirling about him
like the propeller blades of an aeroplane.
And in that moment he performed a Jekyll-
Hyde shift of personalities. When he
stopped whirling there was blazing red in
his eyes, and he was snarling like a wolf.

  Big Forbes stood there grinning. The
Deacon charged him. He swung his right
fist as he charged. Such a wallop! Just
The Corruption of Deacon Munden

6 7

alongside of the point of Forbes’ chin, on the
button. The big man dropped like a log.

  That was all. When Forbes came to,
several minutes later, Deac wanted to give
him his bag, hammock and ditty-box. All
humbleness, self-abasement, Deac would
have given Forbes all the money he had on
the books, two years’ pay. Deac rarely
drew money on a pay day; didn’t need any.
Forbes, however, was a good sport. He
grinned, and they shook hands.

  Thus began Deac’s troubles. From that
moment on, his was a rocky road. His
bosom secret was out. Like wildfire the
word flashed about the big scout’s deck’s—
the Deacon had sensitive ribs. Forthwith
every gob on the ship wanted to prod him in
those ribs. Which they did, from that day
on, whenever and wherever they caught
him napping, leaning over the rail, seated
on a chest or ditty-box, asleep in his ham-
mock.

  Not that the Rolling Lou's gobs were
mean, small-natured. They were normal
bluejackets, always ready to go the limit,
take a black eye, a broken nose, a few
broken ribs, anything within reason to stir
up a kick of excitement.

  Deac neither blackened any eyes nor
broke any noses. But more than one man
did he put to sleep with that right swing.
He always planted his fist on the button.
Most times he clipped the wrong man. For
in the few red moments following one of
those proddings, all faces looked alike to
Deac. He got the nearest shipmate, and
nine times out of ten, some innocent.

  Once he came near caving in a shipmate’s
ribs. Mule-fashion, Deac did that; threw
up both heels, when the man crept up be-
hind him at the rail and jabbed him in the
ribs. His would-be tormentor just grunted,
“Unk!” and down he went. But the worst
of that was, Deac went overboard in the
bargain.

  Still they gave him no peace. Day in,
day out they kept it up. The Lou arrived
at Guantanamo Bay and anchored in the
maze of battleships, cruisers, destroyers,
tugs and auxiliaries. Weeks passed. The
Deacon became the talk of the fleet. Gobs
and gobs from other ships came visiting
aboard the Lou, solely for the purpose of
witnessing one of those much talked of
ticklings of Deacon Munden. He came to
be known as the most ticklish man in the
Navy.

  Deac was a much-worried lad. Dark
semicircles appeared below his eyes, and the
hollows in his cheeks grew deeper. He re-
tired into himself, became sullen and glum.
In moody silence he remained close to his
desk in the pay-office. There, with his
back to the bulkhead, he was free from their
ruthless goadings. Also he slept there in

the pay-office. He was seen about decks
only when on his way to meals, and then he
moved swiftly, as the crow flies, and kept
an eye peeled over each shoulder.

  He probably would have thus finished the
remaining two months of his enlistment,
mewed up in the pay-office. But Fate had
decreed otherwise. One afternoon, through
the open portholes in the pay-office Deac
heard voices that caused him to stiffen in his
chair. They were angry, snarling voices.
Deac arose, stepped over to a porthole and
stood listening.

  Yes, it was an argument up on the fore-
castle. The voices he recognized as those of
“Slug” Mathews and “Bull” Wilson. They
were wrangling over the big fight scheduled
for that evening over at Fisherman’s Point
between Mickey Dover, the best welter-
weight in the fleet, and Alonzo Cruz, a fast
Cuban.

  This bout was the biggest event of the
winter. The gobs of the fleet were backing
Mickey Dover down to their socks, and
their money had been finding eager takers.
Fifty thousand dollars of fleet money had
68

Adventure

been pooled and given into the hands of an
American promoter in Havana. Every dol-
lar of it was covered. Then in the last
moment, this very morning, from the battle-
ship on which Mickey Dover was serving,
the Minnie, had come the word that the
fight might have to be called off; that Dover
had injured his right shoulder in working
out. It was this that led up to the argu-
ment between Slug and Bull up on the
forecastle, to which Deac was listening
through the porthole in the pay-office.

“I SAID it an’ I’ll say it again!”
growled the voice of Slug. “Bum
shoulder, me eye! Dover’s got a
case o’ yeller! He’s afraid o’ the
greaser!”

  Now Bull Wilson, Deac knew, was one of
Mickey Dover’s most fanatical admirers.
Therefore he wasn’t surprized at Bull’s
snappy return.

  “An’ I’ll tell you just this once more,
Slug Mathews. An’ yuh better git me!
Do that kind o’ thinkin’ under your lid!
Don’t gas off about Mickey Dover where
I can hear yuh!”

  Slug retorted that he would gas off when,
where and to whom he pleased; and if any
cared not to listen they could stuff their
ears. Bull retaliated with a statement to
the effect that Slug’s great-grandfather
had had a yellow streak.

  It had gone far enough, thought Deac.
It must be repeated that by nature, educa-
tion and habit he was a pacifist. He bolted
out of the pay-office, ran aft, up a ladder,
then galloped forward to the forecastle.

  Arms crooked, fists bunched, heads thrust
forward, Slug and Bull stood glaring at each
other like two mad gorillas. Both were
bull-necked, heavy-jowled, leather-skinned,
and could fight; the outcome was a toss-up.

  Stepping between them Deac placed a
hand against each of their lusty chests and
gently thrust them apart.

  “Fellows, be shipmates,” he said, in
low, earnest tones. “Whatsoever ye would
that thy shipmate should do to you, do you
even so to him.”

  “I’d have ’im blacken me eye, if he’s
able!” snarled Slug.

  “On’y one way to find out,” Bull retorted.
Each tried to clear Deac’s outstretched arm
and get to the other. But with a death
grip at the V of each of their jumpers, Deac
held them apart. And while so doing he

talked in that low, convincing way of his,
quoting fragments of the Sermon on the
Mount, and interspersing these with frag-
ments of his own simple but sound philoso-
phy. They stopped growling, the red left
their eyes; they relaxed and listened. One
had to listen to Deac. He had the gift of
compelling attention. It was partly per-
sonality, the serious, unpretentious attitude
of him, and partly the happy knack he had
of expressing himself.

  Finally he took the right hand of Slug and
placed it within the right hand of Bull.

  “Be shipmates,” he said, and backed out
from between them, a faint smile on his
fine, sensitive face.

  As Deac backed away forward, rubbing
his hands together as if washing them of
pollution, Slug and Bull turned and stood
shoulder to shoulder watching him, grins
on their hard faces. Those grins, however,
were not occasioned by anything funny they
saw in Deac. They were looking beyond
Deac, at another shipmate, one “Slippery”
Sanders, who, with the stealthy silence of a
shadow, was creeping up behind the Dea-
con. The Deacon was about to be jabbed.

  “Watch your step!” Slug grunted in an
aside to Bull.

  “Watch yours,” Bull returned.

  The same warning was being flashed
from nearly every pair of eyes on the fore-
castle. For when Deac was poked in the
ribs no man on that ship cared to be in the
way of his wallop. Besides the Deacon
himself, the only man on the forecastle who
was not on tiptoe in that moment, was En-
sign Woodward, the Rolling Lou's athletic
officer. He had just stepped out of the
break of the superstructure deck and was
walking forward, his eyes on the deck, to-
tally unaware of what was coming off.

  Almost in the snap of a finger it happened.
No one laughed this time. There was
nothing to laugh at. Instead of a comedy
the Lou’s gobs witnessed a tragedy. Just
as Ensign Woodward came up behind Slug
and Bull—these standing shoulder to shoul-
der facing Deacon a dozen feet forward—
Slippery Sanders reached out a long arm and
jabbed Deac in the ribs.

  Deac let out an undignified squawk,
“Urk!”and shot straight up. He landed
sitting down, but bounced right up again.
For a few seconds he spun. When he
stopped his wild eyes were blazing like an
infuriated tiger’s at Slug and Bull, still
The Corruption of Deacon Munden

69

shoulder to shoulder a dozen feet away. A
moment he glared, then he rushed them.
They separated, Bull dodging inboard, Slug
outboard, Deac plunging between them,
straight into Ensign Woodward.

  Ensign Woodward was an all-around
athlete; a bulldog on the gridiron, a whirl-
wind on the diamond and an artist in the
ring—as clever a boxer as Annapolis ever
had. He saw Deac coming just in time to
meet him with a stiff-arm jab. Deac went
under it, driving his right and left to the
officer’s ribs. And he followed that up
with a shower of rights and lefts. Ensign
Woodward backed away, covering up as
best he could.

  With a dozen shipmates crowding up be-
hind him, Deac followed up his man. Eager
hands reached out and tried to grab him,
but as well might they have tried to lay hold
of a squirming wildcat. And no less vain
w6re their lusty efforts to shout reason into
his ears. In those few moments of red the
Deacon was impervious to reason. He was
stark mad. He had his eye on just one
thing—that chin before him. To plant his
fist on that chin was the one maniacal de-
sire that dominated him. He didn’t know
it was an officer’s chin; he didn’t know it
was anybody’s in particular.

  One pair of hands did succeed in clutching
Deac’s arm between shoulder and elbow.
Deac jerked it free, then with a backhand
swipe rapped the well-meaning shipmate
across the mouth with his knuckles. His
mouth full of blood, the well-meaning ship-
mate staggered away backward. Deac
then made another lunge for his man. Bull
Wilson leaped in front of him. Deac’s
right fist flashed in an overheard arc.
Spat. On the button. Bull never knew
what struck him.

  “Stand clear, everybody!” Ensign Wood-
ward shouted. “Let ’im come!”

  It was too one-sided to be called a fight.
Indeed Ensign Woodward was an artist
with his fists; he had that happy combina-
tion of speed and judgment that makes
champions. He outweighed the Deacon
by twenty pounds; he had reach and height
on him. But he was outclassed. With all
his skill he could not touch this whirlwind of
fury. He got no opportunity even to try to
touch Deac. Deac came right in—zip,
spat, thud—and the best the officer could do
was back away and cover up and keep on
covering up.

  It lasted only a minute. Again Deac’s
right fist flashed in a sweeping overhead arc.
It would have been a sturdy jaw that could
have withstood the shock of that terrific
smash. And it was on the button.

THE red was now dimming
away. Quivering like a jelly-fish
Deac stood over the fallen officer.
He saw everything in a blur as
through befogged glasses, and the voices
about him seemed to come from afar. He
felt only half awake, as one coming out of
a hideous nightmare. His shipmates were
jostling him aside. He heard:

  “Come on, let’s get ’em down to the sick
bay! Easy now, easy! Come on! Shake a
leg! Let’s go!”

  And before his swimming vision passed
the two groups bearing Ensign Woodward
and Bull Wilson away toward the forward
hatch which led down to the sick bay.

  Deac knew nausea as he staggered out-
board to the rail. He was trembling to his
hair-ends and finger-tips. In the swirling
haze about him were scores of faces, all
looking at him. Not one of them wore a
grin. Only dark gray sympathy on all
sides. And on his ears fell the somber
words:

  “Great God! Man, oh man! Wallopin’
an officer! Ten years!”

  A powerful hand clutched at his elbow.
Deac turned to face “Catfoot” Snell, the
chief master-at-arms, or ship’s chief of
police. Then Snell’s gruff voice—

  “Awright, you fightin’ sky pilot, just
steam along with your uncle.”

  Aft, down two ladders to the berth deck,
then forward to the brig, or ship’s prison,
Snell marched him. A choking lump rose
to Deac’s throat as Catfoot pushed him
over the threshold into the five by seven
cell. A bang of the door, a click of the key,
and there he was, like a trapped rat, in
a dark and stuffy dungeon with only a ten-
inch porthole, heavily barred to admit air
and daylight.

  Deac paced athwartships, three short
steps each way. It was the darkest hour
of his twenty-three years. Worse, there
were darker hours to come. He was
headed for prison.?) An unprovoked assault
on an officer. Why, in the Navy men were
sentenced to longer prison terms for that
offense than for stealing!

  “Prison!”
70

Adventure

  A chill shook him as he uttered the word.
And it echoed back to him again and again
till his stuffy dungeon seemed to ring with
it. Prison! He groaned as he imaged
the white faces of his mother and father
when this cruel intelligence reached them.

  That choking lump was again in his
throat, as he visioned his faded but still
beautiful little mother, doubt in her big
blue eyes as she spoke the words:

  “Prison? Our boy Richard in prison?”

  And how would his sober, serious-man-
nered father, the pale little small-town
preacher in New England, face his Sunday
morning flock after this?

  “Young Dick Munden is in a naval
prison!” would be in every mouth.

  It would be the talk of the town, how
he had disgraced his mother and father.
And there were those who would sneer:

  “I thought so. He should have gone to
prison long ago, when he all but murdered
Jack Summers! Yes, he’s where he be-
longs.”

  Those were bad moments for Deac. Bit-
ter and rebellious were his feelings as the
unjustness of his plight burrowed in on him.
Abruptly the faith education of his entire
life fell from him. He began questioning.
Where was this God’s justice his father ex-
horted about? In the dealing of the cards,
for instance, one being was birthed to a
throne, another in the gutter. One got a
royal flush on the deal, another a Hoboken
straight. One was born a master mind, an-
other an imbecile. Why? Why!

  He knew how his father would answer
to this.

  “God’s ways, my son, are not for man to
question.”

  Perhaps. But it didn’t look fair to Deac,
down there in his dark little dungeon. He
felt that he hadn’t received a fair deal;
that the cards had been stacked against him.
He had been born thus, with proud ribs.
How could a fellow help what was wrought
in the very textures and fibers of him? He
had striven hard to overcome this weakness.

  Prison! He hadn’t wilfully committed a
crime. What he had done, he had done
because he was so made. Had they left
him alone he wouldn’t have done it. The
shipmate whose thumb had rendered him
red-eyed should be thrown into prison,
not he.

  A black hour passed. Then the key
rattled in the lock and the door opened.

Deac didn’t look around, for he knew it was
Catfoot. He continued leaning against the
outboard bulkhead, gazing through the port-
hole bars at the westering sun.

  “Say, you,” Catfoot growled, “got a knife
on yuh?”

  Without turning his head, Deac fished out
his jackknife and held it out behind him.
Catfoot then reached out and took Deac’s
neckerchief from him.

  “What’s the idea?” queried the Deacon.

  Catfoot only grunted and grinned, and
went out, slamming the door.

  Deac too was grinning now. What
could have given the chief jimmy such a
wild notion, that he, Deac, might cut his
throat, or hang himself with his necker-
chief? What did Catfoot think he was? A
lunatic, no doubt. Then—and with the
thought the grin froze on Deac’s face—then
perhaps, after all, they wouldn’t send him
to prison; indeed his chances looked far
better for the “Red House.”

  Came another thought. And it smote
him like a blow from a sledge hammer.
He had struck an officer. The officer’s
head had crashed on the hard deck. Had
he-

  Sweat broke through Deac’s skin from
head to toes, cold sweat. A moment
longer he clung with his fingers to the rim
of the porthole; then his fingers relaxed their
hold, his knees gave way and he sagged
down to the deck.

  Sunset—then twilight. Still Deac sat
huddled against the outboard bulkhead,
numb in body and brain, and cold. He
wanted to get up and pound on that steel
door, bring some one, any one, and find out.
But fear over-rode the impulse. He wanted
to know, but shrank from the terror of
knowing.

  Murder! The word flooded his conscious-
ness. In his disordered mind he heard it
being shouted at him; he saw it printed in
big red letters across the bulkheads.

  The door opened again. Deac saw two
pairs of shoes. The overhead light was
switched on. Then Catfoot’s voice—

   “I’ll skate aft, sir, an’ bring the mess cook
with his chow.”

  That “sir.” Deac looked up into the
pale but smiling face of Ensign Woodward.
Had some one tickled him, Deac wouldn’t
have straightened up to his feet more
quickly. He shot up. For a moment he
stood there, reeling drunkenly, one hand to
The Corruption of Deacon Munden

71

his forehead, unbelief in his glassy eyes.
Then in a high, thin voice:

  “You’re not dead, sir?”

  Catfoot went out. Ensign Woodward
closed the door, then turned and grinned at
the Deacon. With one hand he was strok-
ing a jaw that was apparently sore. Only
his upper lip moved when he spoke.

  “Munden,” he began slowly and with
great distinctness, * ‘what •— in — the - e —
blazes ever made you come at me?”

  A tough one for poor Deac. He squirmed
and fidgeted a few moments. Then: '
“I was tickled, sir!”

  “Yes, I know. I’ve heard. But-”

  “Things went red, sir,” Deac broke in.
“It’s always'that way, when some one pokes
me in the ribs from behind. I go wild,
don’t know what I’m doing, and sail right
into the first one I see. I’ve always been
that way, sir, from a baby up. You hap-
pened to be in the way. I didn’t know it
was you, sir!”

THE young officer studied Deac’s
wrought-up features. There was
no doubting the sincerity in those
deep-blue eyes. He had always
liked this youngster for his clean, earnest
ways. And despite that terrific wallop on
his formidable jaw, he liked him none the
less now. If anything he liked him more
for that very wallop.

  “Why should I do anything like that,
sir?” Deac. added. “Even if I had reason
to bear you a grudge? It’s a general court-
martial offense to strike an officer.”

  Ensign Woodward nodded soberly.
“That’s why I came to see you,” he said.
“I’m going aft to the captain in a few min-
utes. He’s sent for me. No doubt it’s
concerning this affair he wants to see me.
And I wanted to talk to you first—because
—well, I didn’t think you knew exactly
what you were doing up there. Anyhow,
I’m not going to prefer any charge against
you.”

  Deac thanked him, not profusely, but
earnestly.

  “However,” the officer resumed, “I can’t
promise, I don’t know—” he hesitated,
frowning—“it’s hard telling how the cap-
tain will look at things. You’re acquainted
with his ways. I’ve an idea he’ll hand me

the-balling out an officer ever got for

declining to press the charge. Chances
are the old hooker’ll push things against you

himself anyhow. But we’ll do the best we
can.”

  Deac thanked him again. There was a
queer flicker in Ensign Woodward’s dark
eyes now.

  “By the way,” he broke off, “you seem to
know a lot about throwing those fists of
yours. And you swing a pretty heavy wal-
lop,” feeling of his sore jaw, “for a lad of
your weight. Who taught you all that
stuff?”

  Deac smiled sadly.

  “I never was taught, sir,” he answered.
“I used to do a lot of boxing. I was always
keen for the sport—that is, boxing, not
fighting. I wouldn’t fight a man in the ring
for a million dollars! Nor would I go a hop-
skip-and-jump to see a championship fight.
I don’t call that sport, sir—two men trying
to batter each other into insensibility.
Bestiality, I call it! Along with the Spanish
bull-fight, it belongs in--, sir!”

  Ensign Woodward shook his head and
grinned.

  “You’re just a wee bit bigoted there,
lad,” he said indulgently. “Comparing the
American prize fight to the Spanish bull-
fight. Nay, nay, my son that’s about ninety-
nine per cent, fallacy. I think I could
convince you if I had the time. Anyhow,
we’ll just scud over that. You say you
used to put the mitts on a lot; you liked the
sport?”

  “For the science of it, yes, sir.”

  “Uh-huh. But how is it that in the three
and a half years you’ve been on this ship,
we’ve never seen you put on the gloves
with any one?”

  For a few moments Deac swallowed and
looked down at the deck.

  “That’s only half of the story, sir,” he
said finally. “The rest of it is, you never
will see me put on the gloves with any one.
The last time I had them on was and will be
the last time. That was five years ago,
sir.”

  “Of course, that’s your affair,” Ensign
Woodward said. “No doubt you’ve a good
reason.”

  “I have, sir. And I don’t mind telling
it to you. The last time I had the gloves
on I came within* an ace of causing the
death of the best friend I’ve ever had.”

  “Lose your head?”

  “In a clinch, yes, sir,” Deac replied.
“We were sparring, a fellow named Jack
Summers and I. In a clinch he got his
72

Adventure

arms around me and dug his thumb into
my ribs. I don’t know what happened in
the few moments after that. All I remem-
ber is red. I went mad, sir, just as I did
this afternoon. They told me afterward
that all I did was push Jack clear and swing.
I struck him on the jaw and he fell. His
head struck on a stone.

  “Oh, he came around finally. But there
were days and days, hopeless days when he
lingered between life and death. And me—
well, I don’t like to talk about it.

  “It was a bad turn in the road for me, sir.
I couldn’t describe what my feelings were.
Everything seemed changed; I felt like
some one different. None of my former am-
bitions or desires any longer appealed. I’d
always been a hungry reader. I now de-
tested books. Baseball and football dis-
gusted me and the mere thought of boxing
would drive me into a fit of madness. Com-
panionship! The sound of a human voice
made me hold my ears!

  “What made things worse- was—well,
there was a girl about that time, sir. Also
there were a few long noses in that town,
and they commenced to sniff. Pretty soon
a lot of scandal suckers commenced to lick
their lips. Over their teacups and behind
their fans they proceeded to grind me into
sausage. I’d done the deed on purpose,
they said, because I was jealous of Jack
Summers. If not, then I belonged in a
madhouse.

  “I was only eighteen, had just finished
high school. My people wanted to send
me to college. They had me headed for
the pulpit. You can imagine, sir,” Deac
grinned, “how the long noses must have
sniffed over that. Anyhow, I didn’t go to
college. I couldn’t. I wasn’t in mental
shape for anything. All I could do was
brood about in moody silence. And that’s
all I did, sir, for over a year.

  “That’s how I come to be in the Navy,
sir. This life appealed, seemed to offer what
I needed—excitement, adventure; anyhow
it was a change. Chances are if I hadn’t
enlisted I’d now be in some lunatic asylum.”

  Deac paused a moment, and then added
with a grin:

  “As things look now, sir, I’ve still got a
royal chance for that, the Red House.
Anyhow, that’s why you never see me put
on the gloves with anyone.”

  Catfoot now returned, accompanied by
the mess cook who brought Deac’s supper

on a large tray, sauerkraut ana bow-wows,
prunes, bread, butter and tea.

  “Well—” Ensign Woodward roused him-
self — “that was unfortunate. However,
we’re getting away from the issue. I must
get aft. I’ll see you later, Munden, and
we’ll talk things over.

  The officer backed out. The mess cook
put the tray on deck, and then followed
suit. Catfoot slammed shut the door, and
Deac was alone with his sauerkraut and
bow-wows and prunes.

  Deac ate nothing. He passed another
long and somber hour booking out through
the bars of his porthole. Night was now on,
and thousands of lights shone. The great
fleet looked like a city on the water. Soft
music floated on the cool night breeze.
Boats plied to and fro, tooting their whistles,
some of them close enough to send waves
pelting with a splash against the Lou's side
a few feet below Deac’s barred porthole.

  Now she swung with the tide, so that Deac
could see the majestic flagship anchored out
near the harbor entrance at the head of and
midway between the two columns of dread-
naughts and battleships. She was sending
a message to the fleet by blinker.

  Deac knew the code, which is the same
as used in radio, but he was not quite up to
the speed with which that signalman on the
flagship was ripping it off. He could read
only a word or two here and there. He
made it out to be something about to-
night’s big fight; he got the words “sub-
stitute,” “Mickey Dover,” “nine o’clock,”
“Fisherman’s Point,” and a few other frag-
ments pertaining to landing facilities.

  Then Catfoot brought the mess cook back
for the dishes.

  “Who’s taking Mickey’s place tonight,
chief?” Deac said to Catfoot.

  “How the-do I know!” snarled the

hard-boiled chief. “And what the-do

you care! Figurin’ on goin’, are yuh?”

  “No. But I thought you were.”

  “Yah! Me, hey! Fat chance I got o’
seein’ the fight, with a general court-martial
prisoner on me hands!”

  “What’s a matter, Deac? Ain’t yuh
scoffin’?” put in the mess cook, standing
akimbo, looking down at the tray of un-
touched food.

  “He’s on a hunger strike,” growled Cat-
foot.

  “Just what do you mean, a general court-
martial prisoner?” Deac demanded. “I
The Corruption of Deacon Munden

73

haven’t even been up before the captain
yet.”

  “Y’ain’t, hey?” Catfoot grinned. “Well,
yuh will be in about fifteen minutes. The
old man’s gonna hold special mast for yuh.”
“What, this evening?”

  “You heard me! They’re gonna barbe-
cue you so quick it’ll make yuh dizzy! Be
standin’ by.”

  Bang went the door.

  Mast! This time of the day? Deac won-
dered. He’d never heard of the captain of
a man-o’-war holding mast in the evening.
Mast, you should know, means court.

“BEAR” BLACKSTONE, captain
of the Rolling Lou, was notorious
for his hard-boiled qualities. He
wept tears of joy every time
he awarded a general court-martial. His
executive officer, “Carbolic” Wiltz, was of
the same clay. In the matter of being hard
and mean, in fact, these two were as nearly
alike as two men could be. Slightly harder
than either of them, though in a coarser
way, was Catfoot Snell.

  Little mercy could a poor gob in trouble
expect from that combination. Stepping
up before that high portable desk—the
Bear’s bar of judgment—was like marching
to the gallows. They had the poor culprit
sentenced before the charge against him was
read. Usually, if he did have anything to
say in his defense, he didn’t say it. They
scared it out of him. With the owl-eyed,
florid and gray-whiskered face of the Bear
in front of him, Carbolic’s hawk eyes and
eagle beak to the left, and Catfoot’s bulldog
mug to the right, whatever the unfortunate
gob might have in mind by way of palliation
or vindication, froze there.

  And yet once in a while old Bear Black-
stone showed a twist of humanness. For
one thing he had a colossal sense of humor.
That was the way to the heart of the Bear,
through his risibles. A man who could
make him laugh could have anything. | He
was hard to tickle, but, once tickled, the
thunder gusts of laughter he belched forth
would dim the trumpings of an elephant to
faint whisperings.

  He had two other weaknesses. One was
raw meat. We’ll pass over that. The
other was prize fighters. A good pug was
sure of many favors and rapid promotion on
the Bear’s ship.

  Ensign Woodward took advantage of

those weak spots in the Bear’s make-up that
evening. Five minutes after saluting him
back on the quarter-deck, Ensign Wood-
ward had him chuckling. A few minutes
more and he had him roaring. And as they
paced fore and aft, back on the Bear’s
private section of the quarter-deck, in the
outer verge of the glow from the gangway
lights looking for all the world like Santa
Claus and Beau Brummel, the Bear’s con-
vulsive gusts grew louder and louder.

  Forward about the gangways in the
glare of the lights, crowded gobs and gobs.
Eager expectancy shone on every face.
They were waiting for the word on the big
fight. Who was to take Mickey Dover’s
place against Alonzo Cruz was still unknown.
They had their good dollars on that fight,
those Rolling Lou tars, nearly all of them up
to the skipper, inclusive. Forsooth, the old
Bear himself had a thousand dollars on the
American, but this was a dark secret.

  Seven o’clock. Still nothing definite on
the fight. The waiting gobs began to chafe.
The Bear and Ensign Woodward still had
their heads together, back in the dim light
of the Bear’s sanctum sanctorum.

  Then abruptly that confab broke up.
Ensign Woodward saluted the Bear and
then sauntered away forward. The Bear
bellowed for his orderly. The orderly came
on the gallop.

  “Signal blank! Signal blank!” shouted
the Bear.

  And as the marine went galloping away
after the pad of blanks, his Hirsuteness
roared to the officer of the deck:

  “Inform the executive officer I’m going
to hold mast in twenty minutes! Have the
chief master-at-arms bring the prisoner aft!
Bear a hand!”

  When the orderly came racing aft with
the pad of blanks, the Bear snatched it from
him. He then stepped briskly forward to
the gangway light, and there wrote a mes-
sage to the fleet athletic officer.

  “To the bridge! To the bridge!” he
barked at the orderly, who took the mes-
sage at arm’s length. “Have them send
that to the flagship rush!”

IT WAS twenty minutes passed
seven when Catfoot marched
Deac aft to the guillotine. Deac
knocked his heels before the high
desk which stood on the quarter-deck, a
little abaft of the starboard gangway,
74

Adventure

saluted, took off his hat and stood at atten-
tion facing the Bear who stood behind the
desk, his short, squat figure firmly planted,
his strawberry-like nose shining like a
beacon in the glare of the gangway light, his
gray whiskers glistening, his round goggling
eyes blazing like a cat’s.

  Out of the corner of his left eye Deac saw
a sharp point, or hook, rather—Carbolic’s
nose—and a little above it two glittering
beady eyes. On his right was the scowling
mug of Catfoot. They had him going and
coming. Like a man awaiting the noose
or the ax, he was beyond all succor, human
or providential. His sheet anchor was gone,
so to speak. He was totally at the mercy
of the notorious trio, the father, son and
holy terror.

  A hum of confused mutterings and whis-
perings rose from the Lou's upper deck as
the ship’s writer, a thin little chief yeoman,
read the charge—

  “Assaulting an officer.”

  There was some slight stir. Then a hush,
fraught with ominousness, as the Bear
cleared his throat. It sounded like the
rumble of distant thunder. Ensign Wood-
ward slipped up from the sidelines and
stood looking over Deac’s shoulder at the
Bear. For a moment the Bear glared back
at him over Deac’s shoulder. Then shift-
ing his glare to Deac, he sniffed, as sniffs a
real bear when he scents meat, his whiskers
bristled, and then from up out of the fat of
him came a swinish grunt.

  “Yesh-yesh-yesh-yes,” he prefaced with
his woftted bruskness. “Ah-ah-ah-ah—
have you anything to say?”

  “Sir, I—” Deac began.
“Yesh-yesh-yesh-yes,” the Bear cut him
off. “That’ll do, that’ll do, that will do.”
With which the Bear turned and said to
Carbolic—

  “The cat-o’-nine-tails would be the rem-
edy, eh?”

  Carbolic’s hook went up and down in em-
phatic concurrence and his beady eyes glit-
tered with satanic glee at mention of that
obsolete instrument of persuasion.

  “In the old navy,” the Bear went
on to Deac, “we used to settle cases of
this description—ah—just like that—”
snapping his fingers. “Three, four, five

hundred lashes of the cat-” His voice

broke.

  “I seen ’em git worse ’n that, sir,” Catfoot
oared in.

  “You shut up!” the Bear snapped-side-
wise at him, and then went on:

  “In the American Navy there are just
two things worse than a man who will strike

an officer.”

  He hesitated a moment. Then all in a
breath he shouted:

  “A murderer and a pervert!”

  He paused.

  “Have you anything to say?”

  Deac swallowed and stammered, but
could form no words. Ensign Woodward
spoke up.

  “Captain, may I speak a few words?”
“Certainly you may not!” With which
the Bear burst forth in oration. He
plunged into a ponderous discourse on the
virtues of discipline and the evils of laxity
in dealing with breaches of discipline. As
he warmed up to his subject his voice rose
in pitch and volume. He brought arms and
hands into play; waved grandly, drove fist
into palm, banged on the desk. Time and
again, with tears gushing from his big
glassy eyes and his whole frame shaking
with emotion, he harked back to the
bygone days when the Navy had the
cat-o’-nine-tails. For fifteen minutes he
bellowed. His face was scarlet one min-
ute and white the next. At times he lost
the thread of his argument, and all he em-
itted was an incoherent jumble of snarls
and growls.

  “Cat-o’-nine-tails! Thousand lashes!
Cut off his ears! Hang him to the yard-
arm by the tongue!” He reserved just
breath enough to ask Deac if he had any-
thing to say.

  “Sir, I-” Deac began again.

  ‘ ‘ Y esh-yesh-yesh-y es. That—will—do! ’ ’
But Deac was not of the stuff that can be
scared to death with mere noise.

  “Sir,” he persisted firmly, “when I en-
listed in the United States Navy, I didn’t
cease to be an American. I claim the con-
stitutional right-”

  “Silence!” thundered the Bear, with a
bang of his fist on the desk. What Deac
had said, however, had him stumped for
the moment. He was disconcerted. He
turned to Carbolic.

  “Any suggestion, Mr. Wiltz?”

  “Why — ah — ” Carbolic fidgeted ner-
vously. “Ah-ah—well, it’s a case, sir, that
calls for all possible promptness of action,
brevity. I should suggest that justice be
administered without delay, sir.”
The Corruption of Deacon Munden

75

  “Yesh-yesh-yes. Without delay, to be
sure.”

  Whereupon the Bear heaved a great sigh.
Then leaning over the desk, so that his be-
whiskered face was a foot from Deac’s, he
queried:

  “Did you say something about con-
stitutional right?”

  “Yes, sir.” And Deac’s chin was high
and his shoulders well back, as he went on.
“My ancestry on both sides traces back to
the Puritans, sir! I claim the constitutional
right of an American, the right to state my
case; the right to fight, sir!”

  The Bear stiffened. For a few seconds
his goggling eyes met Deac’s; then they
shifted to the left and came to rest on En-
sign Woodward’s. Conscious looks passed
between these two; silent communication.

  “Yesh-yes,” the Bear said. “The right
to fight—to fight. Oh, I say, Mr. Wood-
ward, he claims the right to fight.”

  And then, with a flash of his eyes, a grin,
and a bang of his fist on the desk—
“Swallowed the hook, by thunder!”

  But if those gobs looking on from the side-
lines expected to hear the Bear say “general
court-martial,” they got fooled. For the
next thing old Bruno did was turn and roar
at the officer of the deck:

  “My bahge! My bahge! My bahge!”
The bugler intercepted the command, and
promptly sounded the call for the captain’s
barge to come alongside the gangway.

  All hands were now on tiptoe. Every
one wondered what the Bear could be pull-
ing off.

  “This mast will adjourn,” boomed old
Santa Claus, “and reconvene at nine o’clock
tomorrow morning if necessary.”

  Then, after a moment’s pause, he turned
and addressed Ensign Woodward.

  “You have your instructions, Mr. Wood-
ward. Take charge of the prisoner and pro-
ceed on duty assigned.”

  “Aye aye, sir,” Ensign Woodward re-
sponded, and then took Deac by the arm
and led him over to the gangway.

  There they waited, while the captain’s
barge swung out from the forward boom,
swerved' round astern and came up along-
side. Ensign Woodward saluted the officer
of the deck and requested permission to
leave the ship on duty.

“Very well,” said the officer of the deck.
Then arm in arm Ensign Woodward and
Deac went down the gangway and stepped

into the waiting barge. A clang of the
gong, a rush of water, and away they raced
across the crowded harbor toward Fisher-
man’s Point.

   It was now beginning to filter through the
heads of the Lou's tars. The word came
down from the signal bridge that the Bear
had sent a rush message to the flagship, a
half hour before, stating that the Rolling
Lou had a man who was desirous of taking
Mickey Dover’s place against Alonzo Cruz,
and urgently recommending approval. The
fleet athletic officer had replied:
“Approved.”

  On top of that, the flagship had signaled
the fleet that the fight would be held as
scheduled with a man from the Rolling Lou
substituting for Dover, the message of
which Deac had read fragments through his
barred porthole. In none of this com-
munication was the name of the man sub-
stituting given; but it looked to the Lou's
tars as if Deacon Munden was the boy.

  They were not kept long speculating.
Five minutes after Ensign Woodward and
Deac had shoved off in the barge, the boat-
swain’s mates were shouting:

  “Now d’yuh hear there? All you men—
who are going—to the-e-fight—at Fisher-
man’s Point tonight—between Deacon
Munden and Alonzo Cruz—muster at the
port gangway at seven forty-five! Uni-
form undress whites!”

  At this there went up from the Rolling
Lou's decks such a roar as never before had
echoed among the mountains of Guantana-
mo Bay.

^'THEAE. that?” Ensign Wood-
ward said to Deac, as they dis-
embarked over on Fisherman’s
Point. “The cat’s out, lad.”
“But I can’t fight, sir!” Deac reiterated.
“It’s against my principles!”

  “Now, lad, listen to common sense.
Those are fine principles. But the point is,
you’re in a bad hole. You heard what the
old man said—‘This mast reconvenes at
nine tomorrow morning, if necessary.’ By
‘if necessary’ he meant ‘if you fail to trim
that Cuban.’ ”

  They walked slowly up from the landing
toward a cluster of bungalows, these the
dwellings of officers of the marine detach-
ment on the Point.

  “Principles!” Ensign Woodward went
on. “There’s a bigger principle involved.
76

Adventure

You’ve a mother and father, haven’t you?”
  “The best in the world, yes, sir.”

  “Well? You don’t want to bring a lot of
worry on them, do you? It won’t be an
easy matter for you to beat a general court-
martial on the charge of assaulting an officer.
You might win out in the end; again, you
might not. At best it’ll be a long-drawn-out
and weary process. And take it from me,
boy, old Bear Blackstone will hand you a
general court tomorrow morning, if you
don’t get in there and fight tonight. He
wanted to hand you one in the worst way.
All that kept him from it was my springing
this gag on him.”

  “But what made you. I don’t under-
stand yet, sir!”

  “Well, you know Bear Blackstone. He
always has been a nut on fighters. For
years he’s been trying to land a fleet cham-
pion on his ship. He’d rather see one of
his men win a fight than be made a rear-
admiral. And that’s the spot in his nature
I played on.”

  “But what chance have I got against a
fighter like Cruz? He’s trained down to
the ounce. I haven’t had the gloves on in
five years! I wouldn’t mind getting in
there and boxing, trying to outpoint him if
I thought I had a chance.”

  “Say, lad, I’ve seen this Cruz in action.
Down in Santiago a month ago. He’s not
fast. Tough, that’s all. He’s got a hay-
maker, but he sends you a postal telling you
when to expect it. Hang it, lad—” he
slapped Deac on the back—“I could lick
him myself, and I couldn’t stand up to you
for two minutes!”

  “But I’m not trained, Mr. Woodward.
This bout, I hear, is to go ten rounds. That’s
a long and heavy pull, even on a man pre-
pared for it.”

  “I know. But it won’t go ten rounds.”
  And Ensign Woodward chuckled.

  “What do you mean, sir?”

  “What could I mean? You’ll flatten him
out long before the tenth round.”

  “I’ll do nothing of the kind, sir!” Deac
shot back with heat and finality. “I said
I’d go in there and box, try to outpoint
him.”

  “But that means staying on your pins
for ten long rounds, lad! And you’re not
trained.”

  “I won’t fight.”

  “All right, then box! Get in and do your
best. Conserve all you can. Take things

easy in the beginning. Don’t let him get
to you. Watch your chances. And bear
in mind, if you win, why, the chances are
old Bear Blackstone will advance you to the
rating of chief yeoman tomorrow morning.”
“And if I lose, he’ll do all he can to send
me to prison,” Deac finished for him. “A
fine pig to be wearing the uniform of a
naval officer, he is.” He laughed. “And
they shot such men as Abraham Lincoln.”
He paused, then sobering, went on:

  “All right, Mr. Woodward. I guess the
only thing for me to do is go in and try.
I’ll do that. I’ll do my best just to save my
own neck, however, not to please Bear
Blackstone. As you say, I don’t want to
bring a lot of worry on my mother and
father. Furthermore, I’ve got two years’
pay on the books, and you know what a
general court would do to that.”

  “Gobble it all up,” replied the officer.
“And send me to prison for, say, two
years, making four years I’ll have worked
and fought for Uncle Sam for nothing.”

  And Deac laughed again.

  “Come to think of it, Mr. Woodward,”
he went on ironically, “this is some demo-
cratic navy we’ve got. Less than two years
ago, sir, we were out there on the wild
waves, trying to make the world safe for
democracy, as they put it. Fine sounding
word that, democracy. Trouble is it doesn’t
mean anything in the Navy. It’s all sound
and no sense. Why, the laws and traditions
governing this navy, sir, belong back in
medieval times! Democracy!”

  Deac probably would have kept on going
indefinitely, for he was now pretty well
warmed up. But just now Ensign Wood-
ward had halted before a well-lighted bun-
galow and was opening the gate. Laughing,
carefree voices issued out.

  “Come on, Munden,” said the ensign.
“This is Lieutenant Johnson’s house, ma-
rine officer. I’m going to leave you here,
while I run out to the flagship and make ar-
rangements with the fleet athletic officer.
I want to get all the dope, also scare up a
few seconds and some fighting togs for you.”
They stamped up onto the front porch
and entered the large living room unan-
nounced. A game of cards was here in
progress between four officers, two naval
and two marine.

  “Hello, Woody,” they greeted in chorus.
“You fellows going to the fighc?” was the
way Woody opened the conversation.
The Corruption of Deacon Munden

77

  “Fight? Why, it’s off,” one replied.

  “Was, you mean. It’s on again,” said
Woody. “You fellows are asleep over
here. By the way, see if you can make this
lad happy for an hour or so, will you, while I
run out to the flagship? I’ll be back.”

  “Sure. But wait, Woody! Who’s tak-
ing Dover’s place?”

  Woody about-faced in the doorway and
pointed to Deac.

  “The fastest boy in the fleet,” he said,
“Deacon Munden. Take care of him.
I’ll be back. And don’t forget, he’s my
find!”

  With that Woody went.

  “Deacon,” said one of the marine officers,
Captain Johnson, “you sit yourself down in
that easy chair. If there’s anything you
want, sing out.”

FROM eight o’clock on, Fisher-
man’s Point looked like a bril-
liantly lighted ant-hill. Came an
endless procession of boats and
strings of boats, disembarking load after
load of white-clad gobs. Also there were
civilian boats, conveying Cuban sportsmen,
mostly from Guantanamo City and San-
tiago.

  At eight forty-five o’clock there were
twenty-five thousand fight fanatics on the
Point, and more still coming. All made
for the baseball field, where thousands of
lights, the moon like a big, white bull’s-eye
helping, spread daylight over the ring, which
had been erected at second base.

  There being only a few hundred seats,
about the ring, for officers, the gobs and
civilians squatted on the grass.

  It was a happy mob. The Cubans were
happy in the assurance of having doubled
their dollars. Their terrible Cruz would
make quick work of this American sailor.
This unknown substitute would have no
chance. Even the/great Dover would have
been no match for the terrible Cruz. The
gobs too were happy. They were disap-
pointed, of course, that their idol, Mickey
Dover was unable to fight. But they were
happy just the same. They’d see a fight
that was the big idea. Of course their
money was lost, the bets couldn’t be official-
ly declared off for the reason that officially
there wasn’t supposed to be any betting.
But what mattered the loss of a few dollars.
Money was good for spending and spending
only.

  The flagship’s band was doing the honors.
They opened with a time-honored number,
“Good-by, Mr. Greenback.” A short, fat
tar, with a silver-tone tenor voice, climbed
into the ring and took up the chorus. That
is, he began. But he had sung not more
than three words when a shower of white
hats buried him.

  The referee, an officer from one of the
destroyers, stepped in the ring and signaled
for silence. The cornet players helped him
by sounding attention. He merely an-
nounced what all hands already knew, that
Mickey Dover had injured his shoulder, and
so forth.

  As he was finishing, Alonzo Cruz, fol-
lowed by his retinue, climbed through the
ropes and sat down in his corner. Deacon
Munden came a moment later, accompanied
by Ensign Woodward, another officer and
two gobs, both fighters well known in the
fleet.

  The mob gave Cruz a tremendous ovation
when the referee introduced him. And
with the whites of his rolling black eyes and
his grinning white teeth the dusky-skinned
Cuban showed that he liked it. Slipping
off his purple bathrobe, Cruz bowed and
bowed. He was a short, powerfully-made
youngster, with a broad sweep of shoulders,
long, muscular arms, a slim, supple body
and stocky legs. Nature had made him for
a fighter. Every inch of him suggested the
sinewy strength and lithe agility of a tiger.
And, if appearances counted for anything,
he had that other requisite—confidence, a
world of it.

  The referee then introduced Deac.

  “The fighting deacon of the Rolling Lout”
he shouted.

  Another thunderous roaring and hand-
clapping. But it broke sharply the instant
Deac took off his bathrobe. There was
dead silence, as the gaping gobs took in
his slim, white-skinned make-up. He ap-
peared to have about as much chance
against the Cuban fighter as a clean-limbed
thoroughbred horse would against a hungry
jaguar. The mob sighed—

  “Oo-oo-oo!”

  Stage fright took hold of Deac’s knees.
The mass of faces rocked and swirled around
him. Faces, faces everywhere—white, yel-
low, brown, black; smooth, mustached,
goateed, bearded. Ripplings of laughter
floated up. In a vague, blurred way Deac
could make out:
78

Adventure

  “That’s the fellow with the weak ribs!”
“What’s the joke, anyway, puttin’ that
bird in?”

  “Why don’t they give us a run for our
money?”

  “Lot’s o’ brains, puttin’ a child like that
against that gorilla!”

  “It’s murder!”

  Then suddenly there rose above the con-
fusion of mutterings and babblings and
yammerings a stentorian guffaw that caused
Deac to look quickly to his left and down-
ward. Sure enough, there he was down at
the ringside—the Bear, convulsively shak-
ing over some joke or other, the while gog-
gling owl-eyed up at him. Beside him sat
Carbolic, his thin, fox-like face twisted into
a forced grin. And in the next instant D§ac
saw Catfoot’s ugly visage, back in the mob
a ways.	•'

  Deac set his teeth and tensed his knees
and walked to his corner.

  They were waiting for the gong. The
mob was silent. Necks were stretching, eyes
straining. The referee stood near the center
of the ring. The seconds of both fighters
were leaving through the ropes, all but En-
sign Woodward, who tarried at Deac’s side
to speak a few final words of advice.

  “Just keep your head now, lad,” he cau-
tioned. “Take it easy. Don’t let him get
to you. Remember, you’ve got a whole lot
to win. Forget Bear Blackstone. You’re
not fighting this fight to please him. The
old admiral has his eye on you, boy. I had
a little chat with him, after leaving you a
while ago. Win this fight, boy, and you’ve
a royal chance of making paymaster.
Straight! More than that. Think of what
the boys of the fleet ’11 dig up for you, if you
win them this fight. Mickey-Dover told
me this evening that he’d figured this fight
to net him three thousand dollars.”

  The mob began to bark:

  “Let’s go!”

  Still Woody tarried at Deac’s side.

  “Get your eye on your man now, Mun-
den,” he continued. “Look him straight
in the eye. Keep looking right at him as
you wade in. That jaw, lad, lamp it, study
it, hold it! It’s yours, that jaw. Keep
your eye on it!”

  It flashed to Deac in that moment,
Woody’s game. But he awoke to it too

late. Simultaneous with the clang of the
gong Woody grabbed hold of Deac at the
ribs and at the same time pushed him
across the ring toward the advancing
Cuban.

  Deac shot out of his corner and came
down spinning in the center of the ring.
When he stopped whirling he was facing
the referee. That officer knew red when he
saw it. He backed away. Deac followed
him, at such speed that Mr. Referee took to
his heels and ran. And how he did run
around that ring! Like a man fleeing from

the-! And Deac hot after him! Round

and round they galloped, faster and faster.

  And what a wild and unearthly screech
the mob now turned loose! The mountains
towering against the star-dotted sky must
have trembled. The fishes in the bay must
have all scudded seaward. It was ear-
splitting! Thanks be, however, it lasted
only a few moments. It broke, as abruptly
as it had burst forth. Silence again.

  Deac had knocked off chasing the referee,
and was now facing Cruz. Facing him!
He was rushing him! The mob gasped.
Such a shower of gloves as Deac threw into
that Cuban’s face and body!

  Zip zap zip zap zip zap.

  “Oo-oo-oo-oo-oo!” moaned the mob.

  And Alonzo Cruz? Ah! The Terrible
One knew not what to make of it. All he
could see was gloves, flying gloves. It was
raining gloves!

  Zip zap zip zap, he got it right and left, on
the snout, in the eyes, ribs, breadbasket.
He retreated, and tried to cover up. But
Deac had too many arms! There was no
escaping his whirlwind of hooks, jabs and
uppercuts. Seemed to Cruz he was fighting
a dozen Deacs!

  “Woof!” grunted the mob, as Cruz stag-
gered backward across the ring from the im-
pact of one the Deacon had planted almost
on the button. Then:

  “Get ’im, Deacon! Get ’im! Get ’im!
Get ’im!” they clamored hilariously.

  But the Deacon needed no coaching now.
He followed his man right up. Just before
the staggering Cruz backed into the ropes,
for the third time in that day Deac’s right
fist cut the air in an overhead arc.

  And for the third time in that day he
planted it—on the button.
^TenMinu ces

& Erie D. Hosmer

HAM! The roaring concussion of
a heavy gun fired in a small room,
a howl and a shout:

“EE-ee-yowh! I got that ’un,
Dan. It was a pink ’un with purple spots!”
In the adjoining room the bed springs
creaked beneath Dan Leslie, the plantation
manager.

“Cut that out, yuh crazy idiot,” he

growled. “You’ll be-”

  A rumbling, cavernous voice interrupted
from the verandah:

  “Ah yam Kher-rist. Petuh, wha hart
thou?”

  Silence. Outside the ghostly rustling
and scraping of interlaced, broad banana
leaves, the thrilling of innumerable insects,
shrilling of tree-frogs, the mournful whis-
tling of night-jars traditionally sadly calling
upon some one to “whip-poor-Will;” and
from a building across the railroad track, a
few yards distant, the thrumming of a gui-
tar jangling the same chord over and over
again and a laborer’s high-pitched, doleful
nasal whining:

   “ Yo pi-enso en ti-i, con amor-oso empen-yo-o-o,

   Y mir-ro siem-pre tu divin-na fa-a-az."

  The song ceased abruptly and was fol-
lowed by the resounding thud of chair
legs and two pairs of bare feet hitting the
floor in unison, and a startled shout—
“Meester Leselees! What eez de matter
over zer?”

  From afar through the soft velvety dark-
ness of the still tropical night a locomotive
wailed sadly—

  “Oo-ah, Oo-oo-ah-ah-a-a-a.”

 “Hi, Dan, here they come again! Ee
 yowh!”

 Wham!

 The frightened voices of the laborers
 rang out—

 “Meester Leselees, what passes?”

 Silence. Then—

 “De day hab come an’ Kher-rist is heah!”
 Dan Leslie lay frozen in his bed staring
 in slack-jawed dumfoundment at a bestial
 black face, framed in a thick bush of blacker
 whiskers, pressed against the screen wire
 of the window by his side. A long, slop-
 ing, wrinkled forehead; heavy, overhanging
 brows; small, close-set, glaring eyes; wide
 flaring nostrils; thick drooling lips; and a
 mass of frizzled black hair.

 “De day hab come an’ Ah is heah.”
 The voice was hollow, ghostly.

 Then from the next room the wild
 babble:

       “Pink or yaller, green or red,

       I gets ’em all from me little bed.”

 “Ee-yhowh!”

 Wham!

 The last concussion was the signal for a
 bedlam of discordant shouts through which
 pierced the locomotive’s endless wail.

 “Meester Leselee, Meester Leselee! What
 eez it?”

 “De day ob de Lawd hab come an’ Kher-
 rist is risen.”

 “Oo-oo-ah, Oo-oo-ah, OO-ah-Oo-oo-ah-a-a.”

       “Purple giraffes and pink ele-phants,

       Yaller crocodiles, shiverin’ hants,

       The dangdest managerie I ever did see,
       Snakes, baboons, and a chim-pan-zee.”

79
8o

Adventure

  “Ee-yhowh!”

  “Oo-oo-ah, Oo-oo-ah-Oo-ah.”

  Wham!

  Dan Leslie rose up on his elbow and
groped for his gun-belt at the foot of his
bed. It should have been hanging there,
but he did not find it.

  “Oo-oo-ah, Oo-oo-ah, Oo-oo-oo-ak,” wailed
the engine, speeding nearer through the-
night.

  “Hi, Dan, corn-mere quick! There’s a
blue tiger sittin’ on the footta ma bed!
Ee-yhowh!”

  Wham!

  “Meester Leselee, O-oh, Meester Leselee!’
“Petuh, de Lawd done called yo’. Come
unto de Son ob Man.”

  “I got ’im Dan! I blowed ’im into th’
middle of next week!”

  Two clusters of claw-like black digits
pressed through the screen wire and ripped.
The demoniacal black head, thrust forward
from wide sloping shoulders atop a squat
body, pushed through the window and
hung slobbering over the bed.

  “Petuh, de Jeggement day hab come.
Does yo’ heah me?”

  Dan Leslie recoiled from the glaring eyes
and drawing his body together drove his
bare feet through the clutching hands into
the apparition’s face. He recoiled again
instantly from the feel of hard frizzly hair
and greasy skin on his soles and sprang out
of bed. The Thing toppled off of the porch.

  “Ger-rr-r,” came an animal-like growl
from the yard, as Leslie crashed heavily
over a chair searching frantically for his
gun.

  “Ee-yhowh!”

  Wham! “Shoot ’um, Dan!”

  Wham!

  “Meester Leselee, what's ze matter?”

  “Oo-oo, Oo-oo-ah-a-a,” wailed the loco-
motive; coming nearer still.

  Dan Leslie picked himself up from the
floor and hurled his body at the black
Thing bursting through the door. He
caught just a glimpse of a broad squat body
with low-hanging hands, flaming eyes and
slavering lips drawn back from huge teeth;
and grappled with it.

  “Ah is gottchu, Petuh! Yo’ time hab
come;” it mouthed in his ear and clutched
him in a bone-cracking hug. Leslie twisted
and squirmed and burying his head in the
bush of hair pushed outward with all his
strength.

  “The debbil done gottchu, Petuh; ’cause
yo’ would no heah de Lawd.”

  “Ee-yhowh!”

  “Ee-yhowh!”

  Wham!

  “Dan, Dan; the devil’s got me!”

  “Al Diablo! Cristo Santo! Mejor vamos
a ver que pas a.”

  Dan Leslie relaxed his futile straining
suddenly, and butted.

  “Gerr-rump!”

  Thump—and he was rolling on the floor
of the porch, straining every muscle to get
on top of the Thing that held him and hold
it down. An acrid animal stench filled
his nostrils and sweat blinded his eyes.

  Bang! His head hit the wall with a
force that jarred him to his heels, a flash of
glaring light shot through his brain, and he
went limp.

  “Ee-ee-yhowh, Dan! I’m in hell ’an
burning up. Come get me out!”

  “Yo’ is mah meat ’an I’se guinna eat yo’
alive,” slobbered the Thing holding Leslie
helpless against the wall, and clamping down
on his thumb ground it between his teeth.

  “Oo-oo-wee,” howled Dan, revived by
the pain; and finding a thick ear against
his Ups he bit on it and chewed.

  “Ger-r-rowh!” growled the Thing and
released the thumb.

“Oo-oo, Oo-oo-ahblew the engine, very
near.

  “Dan! Hi, Dan! There’s a Uon on muh
chest!” Dan braced his feet back against
the wall and heaved. Over and over the
bodies roUed and off of the edge of the porch.

  “Cristo Santo! Que diablos es-”

  Whang, whang-whang-whang! rang a re-
volver four times. Three men were run-
ning up the steps when the strugghng
bodies bumped down. One leaped back-
ward into the yard shooting as he sprang.
Two were knocked sprawUng, and rolled
out on the grass.

  “Hey! Quit that an’ hul-lup me str-
rangle this—gul-lup ger-r-r, ger-rump.”
“Agarr-ralos!” whooped the dancing man
with the gun. One rolled over on to his
hands and feet and catapulted himself
head foremost into the mass. The other
sprang up into the air from a squat and
landed with his feet on top.

  “Sep-parelosI” screeched the man hop-
ping around on the edge of the tumbling
mix-up, looking for an opening to bring
down his gun on a head.
Ten Minutes

81

  “O! Fatha’, what hart thou?”

 “Ouch, leggo you-”

 “-! Sueltame-”

  Grunts, howls, groans, and panting curses.

 “Dan! Hi, Dan! For-’s sake corn-

mere!”

  “Oooo-ooo-oo-oo,” bellowed the engine,
rounding the curve.

  A shaft of white light lighting up the
house and yard in a blinding glare, hung
for a second on the struggle on the ground
and swung off, bringing out the heavy mats
of bananas in bold relief, as if painted on a
black background. The staccato puffing
of the exhaust shut off short and with hiss-
ing steam and grinding brakes the engine
slid past and bumped to a clanking stop.
A white man and a black man dropped off
and came running into the yard. The white
man carried a revolver and a flashlight, the
black man swung a heavy wrench.

  “What tha blue blazes-”

  Cruneh-whangl The jig-dancer’s gun ex-
ploded once and flew from his outflung
hand as he sank into himself under the force
of the blow on his skull and slumped to the
ground.

 “Lawd me God-suh-”

  Crack! the wrench fell, and one body
rolled loose from the mess and subsided.

 “Who tha-”

  Two heavy boots drove into the body of
another, bringing forth a deep gasping
grunt; and that one rolled out on the grass
and lay twitching and groaning.

  The white man flashed on his light and
stooped over the remaining pair, poised to
strike; and the black man drew back his
wrench for another blow. Dan Leslie
showed up on top of a heaving, grunting,
black body with madly glaring eyes and
foaming lips; his legs wrapped around its
middle squeezing it between his knees, his
elbows driven into its ribs under the arm-
pits and squeezing with all his power, his
hand gripping a pair of lobeless ears, and
thumping its head against the hard ground
with all his might.

 The Thing underneath kicked and
strained with its feet, arching and twisting
its body, and thumping its knees harmlessly
into Leslie’s back; its hands clawing at
Leslie’s hands, neck and face, which were
buried in the thick mass of the Thing’s
wiry whiskers. The white man and the
black man stepped around together from
opposite sides of the struggling bodies, and

 crunch, crack! the revolver and wrench came
 down together. The black body under-
 neath arched up on head and heels and
 Leslie rolled off.

 It twitched and quivered a time or two
 and then lay still, breathing in great whis-
 tling gasps. Leslie rolled over once and
 lay on his back, flopping and panting, open-
 ing and shutting his mouth, swallowing air
 in gulps, like a fish out of water.

“Ee-ee-yhowh, Dan!” Thump, thud,
bang, crash!

 “Bose!” came from inside the house.
 The American conductor and the West
 Indian engineer jumped. The Panamanian
 Comandante sat up, rubbing his head, and
 looked dazedly around. The two natified
 negro policemen flopped and twisted and
 came back to life. Dan Leslie squirmed and
 gurgled, making motions and trying to talk.
 The wheezing, slavering black man twitched
 and jerked, but lay prone sprawled out on
 the grass.

“What tha-”

“Lawd hab mussie-”

 “Qe-que, do-done, como-”

 “Hay me pan-za, hay-hay-”

 “OO-ee, mi pobre-za, Oh-oh--”

 Gurgle, gasp, choke.

 “Whee-ee-ee, ger-rr-whee— Kher-rist
 whee-ee-”

 “Oh when I di-ie, do-ant bur-ry me at-ta-all,
 Just pic-kul ma bra-i-nes, in a-al-ka-hall-1,

 Putta bot-tal uh bo-oo-ze, at me head an’ feet
 An’ this body o’ min-i-ne, will al-ways,ke-eep.
 Will...............alway............keep.”

“-, that’s Hutch! He mustta fell

 outta bed.”

 “Misto Hutchison de Timekeeper, suh?”
 “Meester Hootchizon very bolo. What
 heetme?”

 “Que demonios?”

 “Que diablos?”

 “Tie this crazy nigger up ’fore he comes
 back to life—” whee-ee-ze— “He thinks

 he’s Christ, an’ - near killed me—”

whoo-whee-eeze— “Then go get that-

 fool Hutch ’fore he kills himself.” Whoo-
 whee. “He’s got th’ willies an’ he’s got mah
 gun. Lookout ’im.”

 “Ar-right, Dan. Take it easy ’till yuh
 get yer wind back. Not hurt, are you?”
 “No.”

 The Comandante clambered to his feet
 and following his lead the two policemen,
 stood up.
82

Adventure

4<-! but my head do hurt bad.”

 One man went for the rope and the other
 picked up the Comandante’s gun and handed
 it to him.

 “Please, suh, len’ me yo’ light to look fo’
 mah club.”

Leslie got slowly to his feet and stood
swaying weakly, mopping his face with
the torn end of his pajama coat.

“Whew! Good thing yuh got here when
yuh did. I was just about all in. By the
holy jumping cat-fish, say! I’ve been

manador in charge of this razzle-dazzle
banana farm for ten months—and most a
th’ time been kickin’ ’bout things bein’
sa-slow—nothing happenin’ t’break th’

monotony. By-, ’nough’s happened in

th’ last ten minutes to last me for th’ next
ten years.”

“From the looks o’ things when we got
here I’ll say there did, Dan. If what had

been going on for ten minutes-”

“EE-ee-yhowh, Dan!”

Thump, crash, bang!

THE BORGIAS

by F. R.

i	F ALL the names in the vast

| | n rogues’ gallery of history, none
shines with such sinister efful-
^ gence as that of Borgia. The
characteristic of the Borgias—Alexander VI,
Caesare, and Lucrezia—which has made the
greatest appeal to the popular imagination,
is their ability as plotters and poisoners.
They are credited with the most complex
stratagems and with innumerable murders,
committed with a most artistic subtlety and
variety of method. The usual impression
is that an endless procession of cardinals,
dukes and princes dined with, drank the
health of, or accepted rings from the fatal
family, and died weeks later without visible
symptoms of foul play. The legend is so
terrible that it seems almost a pity it is
not true.

  However, the facts are that Lucrezia,
supposedly the blackest figure of the three,
was really nothing more than a rather im-
moral, and certainly very stupid woman
with no provable criminal record at all.
Csesare, her brother, was simply a mediocre
freelance soldier, raised to dukedoms by the
power of his patron, the Pope. His out-
standing murders—those of his brother, his
brother-in-law, and Astore Manfredi—were
rough, vulgar affairs of cold steel in the
hands of servants.

  Alexander VI. seems to have been the
only poisoner in the family; and the poison
he chiefly affected, when diagnosed in the

Buckley

light of contemporary accounts of the deaths
of his victims, is a disappointment; merely
an arsenious solution comparable to modern
rat-poison.

  There is no authentic support for the
fable about his presentation of rings with
small sharp fangs on the inside, which
scratched the victim and caused lingering
death; there is, in any case, no poison suit-
able for administration in just this way ex-
cept curare, which is even today exceedingly
difficult to obtain and which was then
unknown.

  The only really picturesque mode of as-
sassination in vogue anywhere near the
period, in fact, is one mentioned by Ben-
venuto Cellini; poisoning by the administra-
tion of powdered diamond. Crushed glass,
as is now well known, does not deserve the
reputation it once enjoyed; nor, according
to Cellini, do other crushed jewels produce
the genuine diamond effect, their fractures
being comparatively blunt and their ma-
terial soft. The diamond, however, powders
into innumerable needles with points of ex-
treme fineness, which do not blunt, and
which gradually penetrate the walls of the
stomach.

  So	it seems that the long-derided story
about lingering deaths from one dose of
Borgia poison, may have a foundation in
fact. Alexander had plenty of foes to whom
he wished all the agony possible—and plenty
of diamonds.
 Pards

A Five-Part Storys
Part IV

Cy

        HugtfHtndifiter

    Author of “The Homesteader,” “TheBush Lopersetc.

The first part of the story briefly retold in story form:

T?RANK ELLIS woke up one bright morning in

   California Gulch to find himself a total failure.
Through the winter of 1862 he had trailed from one
holding to another until the gold mining season was
at a close. He was penniless, and he had a sister
back east who believed him a great success. There
was nothing left for him to do but take a job over
the lunch counter of the Great Western Hotel,
under the hand of George Skillings, boss.

  As he was serving his first meal to a group of
miners, -traders, and mine employees, he uncon-
sciously burst into a plaintive song.

  “Stop that-racket,” the boss roared.

  From that time on he was the “Singing Pil-
grim.”

  The Pilgrim became a drawing card. Nate Goss,
the gambler; “Rabbit,” the Indian, doomed to dfeatfy
by his tribe on a charge of killing a brother tribes-
man; “Ancient Days,” an old-time placer miner;
“Bones,” a man with a delusion of great prehistoric
beasts in the gulches—all fell into the lure of the
Pilgrim’s voice.

  “Whip King,” reputed to be the best wagon-train
boss between the River and the coast, arrived in the
gulch with a startling crack of his monstrous whip.
He had no special destination, no special enemies,
and he cared little for firearms. But he proved to
be the friend of many restless men who fought
constantly. Many was the time that his long lash
sent men, armed with six-shooters, cowering in the
comer.

  With the season almost ended and too many men
finding almost no gold, things in California Gulch
became a bit thick. Goss had a fight with Charlie
Dodge, the monte gambler, as a result of unfair
play, and finally the Pilgrim fought with his boss.
The fight itself was inconsequential, but a threat
loomed in the background when the Pilgrim swore
vengeance.

  That night Skillings, the boss, was found with a
knife in his heart, and the Singing Pilgrim was
missing from California Gulch.

   "Pardscopyright, 1925, by Hugh Pendexter.

  EXAMINATION of Skillings’ effects brought to
  light counterfeit mqney amounting to twenty
  thousand dollars. The mob, almost in a frenzy,
  shouted—

    “Hang the Pilgrim! Hang the Singing Pilgrim!”

    And added to this they accused Goss of being
  implicated in the counterfeiting gang, giving him a
  chance of leaving town immediately or risking the
  circumstances if he stayed. He left.

    With the aid of Rabbit, the Pilgrim stole away
  in the night, an innocent outcast. For many days
  they wandered, until the Pilgrim lost the Rabbit
  when pursued by the Utes, the tribe of Indians to
  which the Rabbit belonged. Certain death threat-
  ened the Pilgrim. He was saved miraculously by
  the reappearance of Rabbit, whom the tribe worship
  as a god, calling him the “Walking Dead Man.”

    An outcast by the name of Lomson, who has
  affiliated himself with the tribe, also came into the
  camp. Trouble began anew. By mistake the Pil-
  grim and Lomson went into the sacred medicine
  tent to smoke a pipe of tobacco out of the rain.
  The Indians found them there, and in his excitement,
  the Pilgrim put a small idol in his pocket which he
  had in his hand at the time of the Indians’ en-
  trance.

     The discovery of the loss of the idol put the'camp
  in a turmoil, the Pilgrim was again accused and
  threatened with death. Court was held, and Rabbit
  promised that the idol would be restored with the
  release of the Pilgrim. He was unsuccessful, and
  only through great stealth and cunning did the
  Pilgrim finally escape from the camp of his enemies.

  JDUT his escape only threw him into more violent
  hands. Exhausted from travel and want of
  food, the Pilgrim came to the cabin of Jonathan
  Leaper, an outlaw, who offered to keep him over
  night. Bill Waggle, also spending the night there,
  recognized the Pilgrim, and was turned out.

     The reason for this came to light the next morning
  when Leaper robbed the Pilgrim, bound him to a

83
84

Adventure

mule and turned them both loose on the wild, rocky
passes.

  After a long period of intense suffering, the Pil-
grim was rescued by United States Marshal Farn-
ham, and together they went back to the cabin and
captured Leaper.

  During this time, Goss arrived in Denver where
he met Whip King, Waggle.

  Before the Pilgrim reached the city, his sister,
Annie, arrived from the East unexpectedly. When
the Pilgrim arrived, he was sought out by Goss, who
made all arrangements for sister and brother to get
out of town before the Pilgrim should be discovered

CHAPTER VIII

DOWN THE RIVER ROAD

OWN a hog-back, where the up-
turned sandstone had resisted
erosion, Goss rode to Canon City.
The town appeared to be practical
ly deserted as the gambler entered and dis-
mounted in front of Hall’s place. The
proprietor was cleaning out the saloon. He
dropped the broom and warmly greeted:
“Glad to see you alive, mister. Do you
know I was afraid last night you was gun-
ning for those wild men up Grape Creek?
Yes, sir. And you’ve got so much stuff in-
side here you’ll need a mule to pack it along.
Ancient said last night you’d bought the
ranch. Thats where you’re going?”

  Goss was displeased to learn Ancient Days
had told about selling the ranch. He mut-
tered something about an old fool and ad-
mitted he was riding to the ranch. Hall
misunderstood him and insisted:

  “Nothing foolish about buying it. Any
property along the river between here and
Pueblo will double a man’s money in a few
years. That is, if this war ever stops. You
can’t get your stuff down there without a
mule. I’ll lend you one and have one of the
Mexican boys pack it.”

  “That’s kind of you. I’ll make it right.”
“Just fetch or send the mule back some-
time. That’ll make it right, I’ll have the
stuff packed in no time.”

 “Hasty and Ancient quit town? Or
sleeping off their drunk?”

  Hall smiled reminiscently.

  “They did have a high old time and made
enough racket for a hundred returned
miners. Seemed like old times. Joe Hasty
is still as a mouse till he gets waked up.
Ancient always makes the eagle scream.
They put all the boys to bed and half an
hour ago they was wandering about the
streets trying to find somebody to drink

by the deputies. Whip King offered his ranch, sev-
eral miles from the city, and the Pilgrim and his
sister were guided there.

   Goss, following them, strayed from the main trail,
and came to De Longe’s cabin where four men were
playing cards. He was permitted to join in the
game, and soon had most of the winnings. En-
raged by defeat, Burt Damon cheated and was ac-
cused by his pal, “Snap.” Damon stabbed Snap
and started for Goss, who shot him through the
head. Goss collected the money he had won, and
keeping himself covered from De Longe and the
other men, went out into the night.

with. One of the boys said a scar-faced
feller started to enter the north end of the
town where they was dancing around a
bonfire and shooting off guns, but turned
back after taking one look.”

  Goss felt relieved. He had no wish to
meet DeLouge again. Two lives were suf-
ficient as a price for his night’s winnings.
Hall was running on.

  “Instead of sleeping off their liquor those
two old hellions are trying to wake up the
new assayer. Got a hen on, I s’pose.”

  Goss inquired the location of the assay-
er’s office and learned it was in the second
story of the post office building, where Billy
Gamble set up the first, billiard table in
Canon City. He left his horse hitched in
front of the saloon. On reaching the build-
ing he found Gabriel Bowen laboriously cut-
ting a pile of firewood while Ancient Days
and Joe Hasty sat at one side and watched
him.

  “You fellers ought to help with this job,
seeing how you’re interested in my ore,”
said Bowen as he paused to wipe the sweat
from his face.

  “Sell us a share in your worthless mine
and we’ll share in the hard work,” replied
Ancient Days.

  “It’s your ore the feller’s assaying,”
added Hasty lazily. “Ain’t our fault if he
refused to test it unless you cut the wood.

  “Then if it’s my ore what are you two
hanging round for?” warmly demanded
Bowen.

  “If it’s any good we’re going to dog you
and snuggle in as close to your discovery
claim as we can,” frankly informed Hasty.

  Ancient Days observing Goss, let out a
whoop and jumped to his feet and ran for-
ward eager to shake hands with the gambler.

  “You oughter stayed with us last night,”
he earnestly declared. “Never was money
put to such good account. Every son was
b’iling, but Joe’n me held the fort.”
Pards

85

  “Any of the six hundred left?”

  “Well, some. Thought you’d lit out.
Got some stuff to be ’sayed?”

  Goss shook his head and explained—
“Wanted to see you and tell you not to
mention a word about my buying the
ranch.”

  Ancient scratched his head and con-
fessed:

  “Seems to be pretty well known in town.
You oughter warned me at the go-in.”

  “If you meet young Ellis or his sister,
you’re not to mention it. Don’t forget.”
With this belated warning Goss would
have turned back to the saloon if not for the
sudden appearance of a disheveled head at
a second story window, with the owner call-
ing down—

  “How much of that wood’s left?”

  Goss blinked in surprize on beholding
Euclid. Euclid failed to recognize the
gambler. Bowen picked up the ax and
answered:

  “Five minutes will finish it. Well nigh
hogged-out now.”

  “Very good. In six minutes I’ll be ready
to report on your ore.”

  And the eccentric young man banged
down the window and disappeared from
view.

  Goss entered the building and mounted
to the second floor and entered the billiard
hall. Euclid, with back to the door, was
seated and had his heels resting on the table.
He was smoking a big pipe, and without
turning his head he called out:

  “No use snooping. Won’t do at all. The
wood must be finished to the last stick.”
The sound of the ax in the street told him
the chopping was being continued, and he
dropped his feet to the floor and impatiently
swung about to face the intruder. With a
cry of delight he jumped from the chair and
stretched out both hands.

    —! But I’m glad to see you. Goss!
When did you arrive? How long you going
to stay?”

  And he advanced and shook the gambler’s
two hands warmly.

  “Pulling out very soon. Probably shall
go to Pueblo.”

  “Goss’ first thought was to mention Ellis
and his sister, but he changed his mind.
Euclid was a wanderer and might spread in-
formation widely if he heard men inquiring
about the Singing Pilgrim.

  “How long are you staying here?”

   “Just long enough to get a bread-and-
 butter stake. Waiting for the men to come
 in from the winter and hoping they’ll have
 lots of work for me. By the middle of this
 month we’ll have our first snow in the hills.
 That ought to drive them in. I’m getting
 tired of assaying. Trouble is there’s not
 enough surface mines. Not enough rain-
 fall. Little water means only a little wash.
 A slight wash means few surface diggings.
 We have only an inch of rain here while
 they’re having a foot in California. I’ve
 been trying to perfect a rain-making device
 that’ll drench down these mountains more
 thoroughly. Just one little nubbin of an
 obstacle stands between me and success.”

   “I musn’t keep you from your work. Just
 wanted to say howd’y.”

   And the gambler glanced at the black
 specimens on the table.

   “Oh, that’s finished long ago. I’m to get
 three dollars and the wood worked up.”

   “Poor--! Pays and works just to learn

 he hasn’t found anything,” murmured Goss.

   Euclid grinned broadly and picked up a
 piece of the ore and informed:

   “He’s found a mine of argentiferous
 galena. He can’t melt it down and make
 it into bullets because it’s chuck full of
 silver. I haven’t overcharged him.”

   “That’s good. See you again soon if you
 stay on here. I shan’t be down the valley
 long.”

   And with another shake of the hand Goss
, turned to depart. Then he remembered,
and offered—

   “I’ll lend you a hundred if you’re in cap.”
 As his hand reached for his pocket Euclid
 smiled wryly and refused:

   “No more. I’m working in a bit of a
 pinch but I’ll get clear soon. There’s the
 horse you bought for me. I’m still owing
 for that. Sit down. We haven’t talked
 any yet. Wait a minute.”

   “He ran to the window and called down—
 “Don’t come here till I give the word.
 Just at the critical point of my process.”
 Closing the window he confided to Goss:
 “This business is too slow. Another sea-
 son I shall quit assaying and try prospect-
 ing. If I could get in touch with Lomsom
 when he’s away from his Utes I might make
 a dicker with him to work some of his secret
 placers.”

  “Keep away from Lomsom. He’s bad
 medicine,” warned Goss.

   Euclid grinned cheerfully and reminded:
86

Adventure

 “Remember how those red-took on

because I smoked the wrong pipe? Makes
me laugh to think about it. Then you two

fellows had to ride their sacred ponies!-!

But I’ve waked up in the night to laugh
about it! Then came the storm. Listen, it
would take several days to talk ourselves
out.”

“Some other time. I must be going.”
He hastened down to the street as Euclid
called from the window for Bowen to come
and receive the report. He halted Joe

Hasty and Ancient Days in the doorway and
held them while Bowen hurried up the stairs.

  “This is stretching friendship, Goss!”
bawled Ancient.

  “Listen to me,” sternly commanded the
gambler. “Not a word to the assayer or
anyone else about Ellis being on the ranch.
As to that ore, the assayer told me it’s heavy
with silver.”

  “-a’mighty!” exploded Ancient.

  And wresting himself free he ran nimbly
up the stairs after the weary Bowen.

  At the store Goss found the Mexican
finishing his job of packing the mule; the
load all but concealed the animal from
sight. Mounting his horse he started down
the valley to rejoin his friends at the ranch.

        ANNIE ELLIS critically surveyed
the two rooms she had swept and
and scrubbed and then joined her
brother out of doors. The wonder
of the day and the grandeur of the western
skyline caused her to forget worries. Her
first impression of the ranch had been its
restful quiet compared with Denver and the
hurried flight south.

  This miracle of a morning had confirmed
her belief that she was out of the world of
troubles. But as her gaze wandered to her
brother, busy at a pile of logs, her method-
ical mind made a more careful inventory of

the situation. And loneliness and hopeless-
ness assailed her as she was compelled to
admit that their roof was borrowed and that
the few furnishings brought from Canon
City had been provided by a professional
gambler.

  Her brother ceased work and called to
her—

  “Nate ought to be here soon.”

  She slowly advanced to the logs and re-
plied—

  “I’m thinking he ought not to be here at
aU.”

  “Good land! After all he’s done for us?”
he cried, staring at her reprovingly.

  “That’s just it, Frank. We’re indebted
to him too much already. Of course we’ll
pay it back sometime.”

  “But that’s nothing to do with him not
being here at all.”

  “We must pay back what we owe, but as
to his living here, one of us—” She did
not wish to hurt her brother’s feelings.

  Ellis impatiently reminded:

  “You don’t like gambling, Annie. : But
you don’t want him here, the one place
where he can’t gamble.”

  “Oh, I know he’s been kind to us,” she
agreed. “Yet it isn’t for us to make him
over. You know what folks back home'
would say. We weren’t brought up to think
highly of gamblers.”

  “I think highly of this gambler,” stoutly
insisted Ellis. “If he played cards and lost
his money we’d call him a dupe. But be-
cause he plays cards—well, he’s a gambler!
At least he’s a success, and that’s more’n I
can say of myself.”

  “There’s no comparison, Frank,” she
began.

  But he quickly cut in, and almost
roughly:

  “See here, Annie, that man saved my life.
He’s a better man than I am. He stood by
me in California Gulch when I was plumb
discouraged. He helped to save me from
the Utes. If he’s good enough to do that
he ought to be good enough to eat some of
the food his money has bought.”

  Her face went white, then crimson.
“That’s true, Frank. I won’t say an-
other word. But I can’t help my feelings.”
“No one can. But try not to show them
too plainly, Annie.”

  He turned and stared up the road and
added—

  “He’ll be coming any minute now.”
Pards

87

   “I’ll be very nice,” she promised, smiling
with her lips.

  But after she had listlessly entered the
house her young face was tragic with de-
spair.

  Goss arrived shortly before the noon
hour. Ellis’ welcoming shout told his sister
of the gambler’s return several minutes
before he rode up to the ranch with the
heavily laden mule. The girl hurried to the
door and greeted Goss cordially, and was
pained to discover she was resenting him
more in his role of benefactor than in his vo-
cation as a gambler. She/was unsparingly
honest with herself and strongly condemned
this phase of pride even while unable to oust
it. Goss was quite transformed. Ellis had
never seen him wear such a merry counte-
nance.

  “I’ve fetched some seeds and a few odds
and ends, ma’am,” Goss explained, his bear-
ing becoming a bit diffident. “You’ll have
planting weather by March. You can get
some hens and a cow from one of your
neighbors.”

  “March!” she repeated. “But the old
man who owns this place. J’ve been worry-
ing about his coming and not liking to find
us here. I feel very uneasy. Surely, he’ll
want to come here before next March.”
Goss’ buoyant confidence returned as he
heartily assured:

  “He won’t come. I saw him at Canon
City and talked with him about your stay-
ing here. He’s tickled to death. House
will go to rack and ruin if not occupied.
He’s planning a new prospecting trip and
you won’t see him for many months, if at
all. Then again, he’s under obligations to
Frank. Your brother helped him up in the
mountains. He never had any use for this
place. Wouldn’t plant a turnip to keep
himself from starving. He’s a placer man.
Give me a hand with the pack, Frank.”
The two quickly relieved the mule of the
heavy load and Goss filled his arms and ap-
proached the door, explaining:

  “You can get more seeds when you find
just what you want to put in. Butter’s dol-
lar a pound. Eggs dollar’n half a dozen.
Corn’s fetching ten cents a pound. And
everything else in proportion. If the
Plains Indians follow Minnesota’s example
and go on the rampage, everything you can
raise will bring a big price.”

  “A dollar and a half for eggs!” she ex-
claimed, her thoughts darting back to

Martinsville prices. “Why, a farm is the
real gold mine out here!”

  Her brother quickly amended:

“A gold mine for the three of us. If we
can get some stock and put in some crops
we’ll have five-ounce diggings in no time.
And it’s high time you settled down to
something steady, Nate.”

  Goss flashed a glance at the girl and knew
she was not sharing her brother’s enthu-
siasm. He lightly told Ellis:

  “It isn’t my game, Frank. I’ve planned
to go down to Pueblo for a while. Don’t
know how long I shall stay; as long as I like
it.”

  Ellis’ face became wobegone. His sister
urged:

  “You’d better turn farmer, Mr. Goss.
You have as much right here as we have.”
“You have every right here, ma’am,
along of what your brother did for the
owner, Ancient Days. I’m just one of those
fellows who drift by and says howdy.
Ancient never will plow land unless sure he
can turn up ounce nuggets. I’d be out of
place on a ranch. It’s a ranch after you
strike Nebraska, coming from the east, I’ve
been told. I’d disgrace you all by forget-
ting to call a collection of horses a band,
and all cattle owned by you as a herd, and
part of a herd as a bunch. And I’d never
remember that sheep are always in flocks.
Probably take me several years to adjust
those names right.”

  “You’re trying to be funny,”* grumbled
Ellis. “I don’t see why you should pull
out. It would be so much more cheerful if
you stayed. We’d form a partnership. We
have the use of the ranch because Ancient
doesn’t want it and because he feels in-
debted to me. That’s my share. You’ve
brought in a big stake of grub; that’ll be
your share. Annie does the housework;
that’s her share.

  “We’ll keep accounts and raise lots of
vegetables. That leaves the money I owe
you to come out of my share. We’ll make
more than you can make at the tables.
Besides, card playing for a living won’t al-
ways be flush money in Colorado. You’ve
got to turn to something else sometime,
why not now?”

  “Your brother talks like a preacher and a
bang-up lawyer, ma’am,” Goss laughingly
told the Ellis girl. “I’m thinking his talk
will assay top-high at that.”

  “I haven’t any doubt that some other
88

Adventure

occupation would be better for you,” she
slowly replied.

  “And none better than farming,” urged
Ellis.

  “Of course. None better than farming,”
she agreed.

  “It’s good of you to want to snatch me
from the burning even if I keep in the fire,”
Goss gravely told them. “But my plans
are made and I’ll trot along to Pueblo and
look the ground over. Send the mule back
to George Hall in Canon City by some of
your neighbors.” .

  “I feel badly to have you pay for our
supplies,” the girl helplessly insisted.

  “It’s nothing that concerns you. Just a
matter between Frank and me. When
you’re selling cabbages for several dollars
apiece and weighing out corn on gold scales,
I’ll be rapping at the door with my hat in
my hand to ask for some cold victuals.
Now I must see to my horse.”

  Laughing over his prophecy he deposited
his armful of packages inside the door and
hurried to picket his horse.

  The noon meal was eaten with genuine
enjoyment by Ellis and with false gaiety by
Goss. The girl found the gambler’s pres-
ence a constant reminder of her dependence
on him even for food; and the Ellis family
were strangers to donations. All her east-
ern prejudices were aroused. Yet person-
ally there was much about Goss to admire.
He was scarcely her senior, and was very
boyish and genuine as he permitted free
play to his sense of humor. He was gener-
ous. He had been kind to her brother, kind
to her.

  She feared he suspected he was not
wanted and she endeavored her best to make
him feel welcome. But she was the prod-
uct of generations of prim, set ideas of
respectability, and her mind was ever un-
willingly returning the verdict he was out-
side the pale. The more she essayed to be
nice to him the more readily did his keen
mind perceive the truth behind her manner.
In the terminology of his craft he quickly
concluded—

  “She’s over-playing her hand.”

  Only his ability to dissemble covered up
his sense of loss.

  Ellis persisted in urging his friend to stay.
Goss laughingly ignored the invitation.
Ellis warmly repeated his warning that
gambling as a trade could lead to nothing
permanent. When he appealed to his sister

on this point her acquiescence was prompt
and positive. But used to reading inscru-
table men, Goss found her to be transparent.
The inexorable fact remained she did not
relish his presence. His pride was as great
as hers, as was his capacity for being hurt,
for like her he was young.

IMMEDIATELY after dinner he
announced he must ride on. The
girl demurred and her brother ex-
postulated. Goss laughingly con-
tinued his preparations. Ellis followed him
to his horse, still insisting. The gambler
sharply broke in on him with the inquiry—
“Still keep your hand-gun handy?”
“Hanging inside by the door, but I sha’n’t
need it.”

  “Probably not. But queer characters
drift up and down this road. You keep
it loaded and handy. This country is per-
fectly safe for a woman if she has a man to
protect her.”

  “I’ll protect her,” grimly assured Ellis.
“Oh, the chances are you two won’t be
troubled. At the most you’ll only have to
make a show of force. If some bullv should
decide he could scare you off and jump this
place he’d likely try it. I’ll be riding up
later to see how you’re getting along. Get
acquainted with your neighbors. So long,
ma’am. I know you and your brother will
make this place blossom like the rose.
Fruit trees will do well here I’m told.”
Annie left the doorway and joined them,
her face serious and troubled. She stood by
his stirrup and shook hands and said:
“Everything is so mixed up, Mr. Goss.
You ought not to be going away to gamble.
You ought to earn some money in another
way and buy a place and settle down.
Frank and I ought to be making our own
way somewhere instead of living on bor-
rowed property. I’m afraid my worries
have made me appear unmindful for what
you’ve done for Frank and me. But I do
mind it, really. I want you to know
that.”

  “Listen, young lady,” Goss told her.
“Everything will be perfectly all right.
You can remain here as long as you like.
The owner wouldn’t stay here if the place
was covered with hens, all laying eggs of
purest gold. You’ve had all your hard
luck; it’s all behind you. In the spring you
can arrange to buy this place for a small
price if you care to.”
Pards

89

  “I don’t think I could live here. We be-
long back east.”

  Goss stared down at her thoughtfully,
then offered:

  “If you’re mortal keen to go back it can
be fixed. You don’t have to wait. But
you’ll have to go by the Platte route and
start mighty soon.”

  “I won’t go back to Denver to catch a
wagon train,” bluntly spoke up Ellis.
“They’ll still be looking for me there.”

 “We must keep away from Denver,”
agreed the girl. “We’ll get along here till
next spring anyway.”

  “You mustn’t give up too much on ac-
count of Frank,” said Goss. “It isn’t your
fault if he’s drawn a poor hand. He’s a
man. He can shift for himself. The most
important thing in the valley of the Arkan-
sas is to see that you’re outfitted right.
We’ll leave it this way. If you have a sud-
den hankering to go he can get word to me
at Pueblo and I’ll fix it. Maybe you’ll feel
easier in your mind, ma’am, by remember-
ing you can pull out any time for the River.
It’s like being in a room with the door open.
Trouble comes when the door is closed and
locked on the outside.”

  “We’ll stay through the winter,” she said.
“You’ve done too much for us as it is.
What I intended to say was to thank you,
not to complain.”

  “Forget about it,” was his terse advice.
“Your brother and I have had some rare
times together. We owe lots to each. You
just happened along. You don’t get any
cards. You're just looking on. I won’t
quit Pueblo without letting you know.
Send word if anything goes wrong.”

  With a nod and a smile he turned his
horse down the river road. And as they
watched him gallop out of sight both felt
they were very much alone.

  “Nate’s a good fellow,” Ellis aggressively
declared. “Even if he is a gambler he’s a
good fellow. One of the best.”

  “Of course, dear. And all the greater
pity he should be a gambler. We’ll never
forget he’s been a good friend to both of us.
Now while I’m doing the dishes why not
burn the untidy pile of brush near the road?”
She hurried in doors to hide her home-
sickness. Ellis proceeded to light the brush
that represented Ancient Days’ only effort
to improve the ranch after he had built an-
other room on to the house. As Ellis was
moodily watching the crackling flames a

man rode up and slid from the saddle and

greeted:

“How are you, young man? I’m Jesse
Frazer. One of your neighbors. Squatting

on Ancient’s place, I take it.”

  Frazer’s manner was genial and his face
kindly and, although only thirty years old,
he impressed Ellis as being much older and
one who could be confided in. Ellis ex-
plained much of his troubles, omitting only
his fear of the law. Frazer listened and
nodded sympathetically, but rather an-
noyed the young man by kicking the burn-
ing brush apart and stamping out the fire.

  “That’s fine,” said Frazer as the young
man finished his recital of hopes and prob-
lems. “I can outfit you with some hens and
tell you lots I’ve learned by experience. Yes,
I can let you have a cow and by spring you
probably can arrange to pay for the critter.
Maybe I can let you have two so you can
make butter to sell. I’m glad to find a
young man who knows growing gold in the
shape of crops is better than digging it.

  “Caught a glimpse of the little woman
through the window. She moves ’round
like she was a real worker. Colorado needs
workers besides those who dig holes in the
ground and paw over rocks. After the
placer gold’s all been found and gambling
gets to be out of fashion this river country
will be a fruit country. Coal all the way to
Pueblo. Gabriel Bowen has found some
oil wells.

  “Stock raising is beginning to grow.
After the war’s ended and the Injuns sim-
mer down, this will be a likely country.
Young men will be coming back from the war
keen to work. Fine lands for all, between
the Platte and the Cache - a - la - Poudre,
above and below Denver and all along the
Arkansas. Think I’ll step in and speak to
the little woman.”

  Ellis began heaping up the scattered
brush, but Frazer halted him, saying:

  “Don’t think I’d burn that now. Some
Arapahos and Cheyennes a few miles down
stream stopped the settlers from burning
brush a few days ago. They believed the
settlers were signaling to the Utes. Let it
be till spring, or till the Injuns have cleared
out.”

  They entered the ranch-house, and after
a few minutes the girl felt as if she had al-
ways known Frazer. He talked enthu-
siastically of his one place and insisted she
and her brother come over and visit for a
90

Adventure

few days and bring back some hens and a
cow or two.

  “You’ll like my wife. She’s the first
white woman in this part of Colorado.
Robert Middleton’s wife was the first in
Canon City. And Anson Rudd’s child was
the first male child born in Canon City.
But I mustn’t run on.”

  Yet he did for more than an hour and
filled his eager listeners with courage and
ambition. His rambling talk supplied what
they had lacked, vision. He appeared to
notice everything and, on leaving, asked
about the mule, if it did not belong to Hall
at Canon City. Ellis explained and Frazer
promptly offered to return the animal on
his next trip to town.

  After he had departed Annie burst into
tears and told her brother:

  “Thank heaven, he’s human! I’ve been
wanting to cry for a long time. Don’t mind
me, dear. Sign I’m feeling better. Think
of him and his wife coming down here and
making a home when Denver was the near-
est place where he could get supplies! And
his walking to Canon City when he heard a
wagon train was there, and paying eighteen
dollars for a sack of flour and bringing it
home on his shoulder! He says he’ll soon
have a big orchard of two thousand trees,
apples, pears, plums, and all kinds of ber-
ries. Why, Frank, he’s even planning to
keep bees! And two years ago he started in
with a crooked stick for a plow!”

  “If he can do all that we at least can stick
it out till spring,” declared her brother. “We
felt all alone in the world and he popped in.
And if here ain’t more neighbors!”

  He opened the door to greet the horseman
he had glimpsed through the window, and
instead of one man beheld three. His first
glance at the foremost rider told him they
were not farmers. Like Goss, he read reck-
lessness in the scarred face of DeLouge.
The long black hair and heavy gun in the
belt proclaimed him anything except a tiller
of the soil.

  DeLouge rode up to the door and shaking
his hair back removed his ragged slouch hat
and bowed low to the startled girl and in a
soft, musical voice explained:

  “Just riding around and looking for a
man who came down this way. Calls him-
self ‘Nathan Goss, square gambler.’ We’re
keen to meet him.”

  Seth and Snap licked their lips and edged
their mounts forward to hear Ellis reply.

  Ellis, inwardly perturbed by the contrast
between the man’s suave voice and savagery
of his black eyes, was given no opportunity
to answer. His sister, standing at his
shoulder, stepped forward. DeLouge, bare-
headed, bowed again and began —

  “I was asking your husband, madame

  “My brother. I heard you ask for a man
called Goss,” she broke in. “We’ve seen
nothing of the friend you’re seeking.”

  “A new acquaintance. Scarcely a friend
as yet, miss,” murmured DeLouge. “If
Mr. Goss should happen along this way I’d
take it kindly if you’d mention to him that
DeLouge had inquired for him.”

  “But, look here, Cap’n,” called out
Seth.

  DeLouge turned and stared at his com-
panion, who suddenly lost his voice and
backed his horse toward the road. Snap
followed his example. DeLouge swept his
glance about the premises, smiled slightly
as he looked down into the girl’s flushed face,
then with another bow wheeled and rode
after his friends.

  The three galloped down the river road.
Annie Ellis clutched her brother’s arm and
looked after them with a great dread in her
eyes.

  “Frank,” she whispered, “they’re hunt-
ing him!”

  “How do you know that?” he muttered.
“You told them he hadn’t been here.”

  “I lied because I knew they were hunting
him. That horrible man with the pretty
voice! Such a deadly man! How polite he
was to me! But how quickly he would kill,
and smile as he killed.”

  “Good-, Annie! You’re guessing at

this. Goss knows many men of many
types. If I believed what you’re saying I’d
be riding to get word to Nate.”

  “You would never catch up with them.
If you did they wouldn’t let you pass. Goss
is far on his way. They can’t find him till
they reach Pueblo. There’s nothing we can
do. Oh, if only folks out here were all
kindly and neighborly like Mr. Frazer!”

  She abruptly darted into the house and
her brother knew she was shedding tears of
bitterness this time. He believed she wished
to be alone. He waited, and at last she
came to the door, her small face composed.

  “I’m all right now, Frank. I’ve made
myself believe he’ll come to no harm.”

  But he had been thinking. He insisted—
Pards

9i

  “They couldn’t know that Goss had been
here.”

  “The mule told them that much,” she
replied. “I saw the man’s eyes light up
when he saw the mule. They learned at
Canon City he had started down this way
with a mule loaded with provisions. They’re
hunting him.”

  Her brother believed she had the right
of it. He had forgotten about the mule
contentedly grazing near the house. He
groaned—

  “It’s awful not to be able to make a move
to help him.”

  “I’m making myself believe he’ll come to
no harm from them.”

  “Of course he won’t! Nate Goss isn’t the
man to be caught asleep. He can shoot it
out with the best of them. With the
three of them if he has any sort of a
show.”

  “There’s only one of them to be feared—
the one with scar the down his face. He’s
deadly,” she murmured. “He hates Mr.
Goss. They must have met and had trouble.
He tracked your friend to Canon City,
learned about the mule and the supplies.
They didn’t meet him going back to town;
they found the mule here. They know he
went down the river. God give him a
chance!”

  “Why, see, Annie!” Ellis eagerly broke in.
“You have the right of it, and you’ve
proved Scar-face isn’t so deadly as you
think. Sure they have met and had
trouble; but Nate got clear. And he ain’t
one to run from a fight. If he bested them
once he can again. You ought to have seen
him shoot it out with Charley Dodge in
California Gulch!”

  “Shooting! Always violence. What a
country!” she whispered.

         THE day passed slowly for the
two. They retired early, but not
to sleep. Each was listening for
the sound of galloping hoofs com-
ing up the river road and the murderous
crash of gun-fire. At last Ellis slipped from
his bed and crouched by the window, re-
volver in hand. DeLouge knew Annie had
lied. He might not be so courteous when he
came up the road.

  A hand rested on his shoulder, and with a
start he jerked his head about and beheld
the slim, white-clad figure.

  “Go back to bed, Frank,” she urged.

“They haven’t had time to make Pueblo and
return.”

  “If they find him there and get the worst
of it those who come out alive may call
again.”

  “What I said can’t help, nor hurt them,”
she reminded. “When they saw the mule
they knew the truth. I don’t think De-
Louge will think any the worse of us for
trying to help a friend. I’m not worrying
about that. He isn’t that kind of a dead-
ly man. I’m only concerned about Mr.
Goss.”

  In the morning they kept watch of the
river road while pretending not to do so.
And yet a horseman approached the house
and dismounted while they were eating
breakfast, and they did not suspect his
presence until the door flew open. Greatly
startled by the unexpected and rather vio-
lent entrance of the ^newcomer they stared,
dumbfounded for a moment, then gradually
recovered some of their composure on dis-
covering he was not one of yesterday’s trio.

  The scrub-growth of beard could not con-
ceal the viciousness of the man’s counte-
nance. His clothes were of the Mexican
mode and were liberally decorated with
buttons of silver. He stared at them for a
bit, then grunted:

  “Counted on catching that rat of an An-
cient when I see the smoke from your
chimbly. What you squatting in his house
for? Huh? Speak up sharp. I’m in a
hurry.”

  Ellis and his sister rose from the table,
and the former asked—

  “Who are you?”

  The stranger scowled and significantly
replied—

  “I’m Vince Moore. Prob’ly you’ve heard
tell of me.”

Neither had, although Moore was noto-
rious up and down the upper valley. Ellis
simply saw an intruder in him, and said—
“I don’t admire your manners in knocking
a door open like that.”

  Moore’s eyes widened, showing much of
the whites, then half closed as he shifted
his gaze to the pink cheeks of the girl.
Without glancing at Ellis he directed:

  “You go outside. I’ll talk to you after
I’ve talked to your woman. Mebbe your
ears are stuffed up and you didn’t hear me
say that I’m Vince Moore.”

  Ellis’ face went pale and he was swept
with the anger that had prompted him to
92

Adventure

 promise death to Skillings. Moore, with a
 side glance, believed it was fear he was
 seeing in the young man’s strained features,
 and he remarked:

  “Mind seems to be waking up. Guess
 you’ve heard of Vince Moore after all.”
 Annie hurriedly said:

   “The man you came to see isn’t here;
 hasn’t been here. Will you please go?”

   “I will not please go,” he answered, trying
 to mimic her gentle voice.

   Ellis made an inarticulate sound and came
 around the table. Moore dropped a hand
 to his hip and half drew a gun and re-
 minded—

   “I’m Vince Moore. Git!”

   “Go, Frank!” hoarsely begged the girl.
 Ellis stumbled toward the door. Moore
 threw back his head and laughed, and with
 his wide-opened eyes stared at the fright-
 ened girl. He saw her hand steal to take up
 a table-knife, and his amusement was
 doubled. Then Ellis was upon him, leaping
 half across the room and throwing his arms
 about the belted waist. With a furious
 oath Moore struck his fist against the bowed
 / head and attempted to reach his gun. Other
 blows showered on Ellis’ head and face, but
 he did not feel them. He straightened up,
 lifting his man clear of the floor. Kicking
 and clawing and striking, Moore found him-
 self being carried to the door. Then he
 centered all his efforts on attempting to get
 at Ellis’ eyes.

   With a scream of rage Ellis swung him
 violently about and smashed his head
 against the logs. They reeled over the
 threshold and fell to the ground. Moore
 was partly stunned and groped awkwardly
 fqr his gun. With another scream Ellis
 leaped upon him feet first and kicked and
 beat him insensible without hearing his
 sister’s frantic cries for him to secure the
 revolver. And it was she who darted in and
 emptied the gaily embroidered holster.

   Ellis, still mouthing terrible threats,
 picked up the inert figure as if it had been a
 bag of meal and carried it to the road and
 threw it down, a bloody, dirt-covered
 bundle of spoiled finery and bruised flesh.
 Then he stood erect and gasped—

  “There!-you! How does that suit?”

 But Moore remained motionless. Annie
 ran up with the captured revolver in both
 hands. Sobbing loudly she kept repeating:
 “So brave of you, Frank! Oh, that was so
 good!”

  Ellis, the mock of ill fortune, had dis-
covered himself. His shoulders went back
and there was exultation in his soul as he
realized that never again would he be de-
pendent on another for protection against
violence. There was blood on his face and
blood on his hands where Moore’s fingers
had dug into the flesh.

  One eye was commencing to swell and he
could feel a lump on his jaw, and his lips
were puffed. But he gloried in his
hurts.

  After panting for breath a bit he patted
his sister’s shoulder and told her—

  “Annie, we’ve done taking back-talk from
any rotten scum out here.”

  He reached out a foot and ungently
stirred the prostrate man. Moore groaned
and worked himself to a sitting posture and
stared stupidly at his conquerer.

“You well nigh killed me,” he whispered.
“Get up, you dog,” commanded Ellis.
He seized him by the shoulder and ripped
the gay Mexican jacket beyond repair as he
jerked him to his feet.

  “There’s your nag. Mount and ride for
it. I’m keeping your gun as you don’t seem
to know how to use it. If any one thinks
you look queer tell them you tackled the
wrong man.”

  And forthwith he booted the man to his
horse, each kick eliciting a howl.

  Once in the saddle Moore used his spurs
and galloped down the road and never once
looked back.

  With a gesture of disgust Annie passed
over the revolver, but there was no home-
sickness nor sorrow in her face as she tear-
fully praised:

  “Oh, I’m so proud of you, Frank! I’m be-
ginning to think that sometimes the only
way to meet violence is to use violence.”

  “I can lick the whole-rotten scum!”

he boasted between his swollen lips.

  “Hush, dear. You’re wonderful, but you
mustn’t swear. Now come in and let me
wash your poor face.”

  “And I’U hand over the same kind of
medicine to that scar-faced feller if he comes
nosing round here again,” he added, as he
stalked proudly by her side to the house.
This speech brought fear back to her.
“No, no,” she softly restrained. “The
man who calls himself DeLouge is deadly;
more so than a dozen of the beasts you
whipped. But he won’t bring you any
trouble. He isn’t bad in the way that
Pards

93

beast is. A woman or a child would never
need feel afraid of him.”

  “He’s bad enough to kill Nate Goss if he
can,” mumbled Ellis.

  “Yes, he’ll do that. And I pray they
won’t meet. But he won’t kill from be-
hind. He won’t ever look at a woman the
way that beast did.”

  “I wish I’d twisted his head off!” re-
gretted Ellis.

  She bathed his face and mothered him
with caresses. He accepted it all as being
the due of a warrior. Then he confessed:
“Annie, before that row I was afraid of
lots of things. I was afraid of Charley
Dodge, the man Goss drove from the gulch.
Now I’ve learned something. I don’t
have to stand for any abuse unless I want
to. Mr. Frazer never stood for any abuse,
I’ll bet on that. And, Annie, this country
looks lots better to me than it did just be-
fore breakfast. -! I handled that feller

like he was a rag doll. ’ ’ He laughed boister-
ously. “Take their guns and knives from
them and I can lick a dozen of them. At
least, I got that much out of swinging a
pick and lifting boulders.”

  She glanced at Moore’s gun and shud-
dered. That was the trouble with rats.
They had no liking for a man’s fight.

CHAPTER IX

PUEBLO WAKES UP

T3UEBLO, at the mouth of Fontaine qui
Bouille where the old Santa Fe trail to
the Laramie plains crossed the Arkansas,
was laid out by Buell and Boyd of Denver in
the winter of 1859 and i860. The sur-
veyors plotted the streets wide and straight,
and not' being skimped for territory, made
the town a likely one. on paper. There
was ample room on the plot sheet even for
a large municipal park near the mouth of
Dry Creek; and the map represented it to
be filled with tropical flowers and rare
shrubs, with many fountains graciously
sprinkling the earth and tending to cause
the greenhorn to forget the alkali dust on
his ankles.

  But despite its over-night growth on
paper Pueblo was a substantial little settle-
ment and had a historical background years
before gold was discovered in Colorado.
There were the ruins of an adobe fort and
its fence of cottonwood pickets, a reminder

  of the 1854 massacre, when on Christmas
Day the Utes killed seventeen of the gar-
rison. Some of these victims were pursued
far out on the plains where their bones were
found by immigrants during the first gold
rush to the Pike’s Peak region.

  Prior to this the first American families
in Colorado wintered at Pueblo from Sep-
tember, 1846, to the summer of 1847. These
men and women with their children were a
part of the Mormon Battalion. Expelled
from Illinois with bayonets, they had ac-
cepted service with the government so they
might have their families safeguarded to
Utah.

  Those wintering at Pueblo were sent from
the crossing of the Arkansas and from Santa
Fe. They built houses. Children were born
and died, and the survivors rejoined the
Mormon migration to the Great Salt Lake
in 1847. There was a world of misery and
tragedy in that winter, and yet it was only
an incident in the town’s history.

  James Beckwourth, mulatto chief of the
Crows, claimed to have made the first settle-
ment at the mouth of the Fontaine in 1842.
In that year several mountain men, mostly
Americans, were living there, married to
Mexican women, and carrying on a trade
with the Indians. Fremont saw this little,
isolated community in 1843.

  Major Long was there in 1820. Lieu-
tenant Pike camped there in November,
1806, and designated the spot as the Forks.
It was near the site of Pueblo that the Bent
brothers built a stockade before building
Bent’s Fort farther down the Arkansas, to
be in closer touch with the United States
and Taos trade on the mountain branch of
the Sante Fe Trail. Many Cheyennes
moved down to the river after William Bent
married one of their women.

  Nathan Goss was paying his first visit to
the town, and he was disappointed. There
were no buildings close to the river and, with
the exception of Pat Maywood’s blacksmith
shop on the bank, the houses were back from
the bottom. The gambler engaged lodgings
at Uncle Tommy Suttles’ hotel, a one-story
building of logs and situated on Santa Fe
Avenue. Having put up his horse and left
his scanty luggage he walked about the town
to estimate its possibilities in games of
chance.

  A sign announcing that-Roaring Bill

 From Bitter Creek held forth in one cabin
 aroused his interest. But on entering he
94

Adventure

 discovered it was a small eating room and
 that the proprietor was a man of mild
 manners and much inclined to sleep. In
 his waking moments he must have been
 something of a wag, as over the short
 counter was a crudely printed sign that
 read—

    Cold Cuts & pickld Eels feet. 4 bits.

    Jack Allen’s drinking and gaming saloon
 was more promising. Several Mexicans
 were lounging at the bar, descendants of the
 original holders of all the country south of
 the Arkansas. They were consuming Taos
 lightning and listening to a shocked-headed
 and drunken American boast that he would
 kill an Indian before he was a day older.

    Allen scrutinized Goss sharply as the lat-
 ter took his place by the boaster and ordered
 a glass of beer.

    “Gambler?” laconically queried the pro-
 prietor.	%

   “I play cards sometimes if that’s what
 you mean,” Goss replied.

    “Well outfitted?”

   “Both guns and cash.”

   “You don’t need any guns. This is a
 decent town.”

   “Now you just wait a minute, Jack,”
 gravely broke in the drunken man.

   “Shut up, Bowker!” snapped Allen.
 “You’re drunk.”

 Then to Goss he explained:

 “Games start about eight o’clock. They
 keep running as long as the money lasts.”
 “Town seems to be empty,” remarked
 Goss.

 “Don’t you believe it, mister,” warmly
 cried Allen. “See it at night and you’ll
 swear it’s Denver on its hind legs and
 hooting.”

 “Sounds hopeful. If there’s a poker game
 worth while I might be interested.”

 “I know just the kind of an outfit you’re
 hunting for. Black Bill, a Mexican.”

 “I prefer Americans. Understand them
 better,” informed Goss hastily.

 “Oh, you’ll understand Bill. A child can
 understand him. Fair to middling player
 and always well heeled with cash.”

 “Miner? Trader? Freighter?” rapidly
 asked Goss.

 “Why, sort of a general business,” Allen
 began.

 But the drunken man laughed loudly and
 jeered:

 “General business? The kind that takes

 lots of hoss-flesh to carry it on, eh, Jack?
 And a stage coach or two, and a cache of
 gold dust.”

  “Will you shut up, you poor-fool?”

hissed Allen. “You’re talking yourself to
death.”

  The man cast a frightened glance at the
swarthy profiles along the bar and held his
tongue. Allen amiably resumed for the
gambler’s benefit:

  “We have some of the nicest bank games
you can find anywhere, mister. They’re
simon-pure on the square.”

   “They always are,” heartily agreed Goss.
“Maybe I’ll look in later.” He was making
for the door when the drunken man bawled
after him:

  “I can show you the best game of all,
stranger. Just you trail after me and see
me pot an Injun.”

   “Bowker, you git to bed or you’ll never
git another drink in this place,” roared
Allen.

   For the first time in his wanderings Goss
felt lonesome. The sensation was irritating
because it was new. He felt out of sorts and
out of place as he wandered down the street,
and he wished himself nearer the mountains.
He dropped into John Thatcher’s small log
cabin store on Second Street between Santa
Fe and Main to replace a gun he had given
to young Ellis. He selected a thirty-one
caliber Colt, its six-inch barrel making for
precision, well balanced as well as ac-
curate.

   “Doesn’t seem to be much going on here,”
he remarked to the merchant.

   Thatcher, on the road to honors and riches
from small beginnings, quickly inventoried
his customer, and replied:

   “All depends on what one is looking for.
We’re a trade center for a considerable
stretch of the valley. Trade comes down
the Fontaine and up from the St. Charles.
But folks don’t make a lot of noise in grow-
ing crops and selling supplies. There’s more
bustle and excitement over one stage rob-
bery than you’ll find in planting a big
orchard, such as Frazer plans to put in up
near Canon City. From one point of view
there’s lots going on in Missouri; but it’s
guerrilla warfare and doesn’t lead to any-
thing permanent.”

  “I’m not hankering for gun play, or I’d
bought a Colt’s navy model. But this town
seems empty. Many come down this far
from the mines to spend the winter?”
Pards

95

  “Some. Canon City and Denver get the
bulk of them.”

   Thatcher was called away to wait on an-
 other customer, a swarthy-faced man with
 the cheek bones of an Indian. He wore
 much Mexican finery but had a red cloth
 tied around his black hair in place of a hat.
 He walked by Thatcher without heeding his
 greeting and came to where Goss was stand-
 ing and pointed to a Remington forty-four
 handgun, solid frame, and tersely asked—
 “How much?”

   Being told the price he paid from a hand-
 ful of gold and departed. Thatcher looked
 after him and remarked, “I would have
 preferred not to have sold him that revolver.
 But he knows guns, and he smells excite-
 ment, as it makes two he will be carrying.”
 “Breed?”

  “His father was John Smith, government
interpreter; mother a Cheyenne. His white
name is Jack Smith. White men won’t
accept him as one of them and he trails with
the Indians. He’s more bitter against the
whites than if he was a full-blood.”

        GOSS wandered back to Uncle
Tommy’s log house and played
!‘ solitaire in a corner and tried to
^ work out of his depression. He
had rejoiced in escaping from the mountains.
Now the snow-covered peaks were kindly
reminiscent. Undoubtedly he would have
been more contented in Denver. That was
the place for a man of mettle. There were
many gaming places in Denver and many
men who felt lucky. He would have sad-
dled his horse forthwith and started up the
valley if the road had not led by the ranch
once owned by Ancient Days. He smiled
grimly at a new thought and told himself:
“Thatcher would have a better opinion
of me if I’d told him I owned land down this
way. But Canon City is feverish alongside
of this place.”

  That night he remained in his lodgings
and experienced the novelty of retiring
early. That he must have slept soundly
was proven when Uncle Tommy in the
morning garrulously greeted:

  “Did you hear popping last night? -!

But such doings! Parcel of the boys rode
down the river to bust up a meeting of the
Knights of the Golden Circle. Lost their
courage, or something, or else there wasn’t

•	any meeting. Got filled with Taos and
come back here looking for trouble. Got to

 letting off guns in Allen’s place. I thought
 at first that men from Texas had come to
 capture the territory.”

  “Dear me!” sighed Goss as he sat down
to his breakfast. “Some one nearly struck
some one else in anger.”

  “Oh, it didn’t git to real trouble. Sheriff
Hank Way come along and told them to
quit or they’d have a fuss with him. They
quit.”

  This bit of gossip helped Goss to form a
entirely false estimate of the town. It not
only lacked life but it lacked guts. The
would-be reckless were satisfied with making
believe to be bad men. He held it in
contempt.

  As a fact, many desperate characters
drifted into Pueblo from Sante Fe and Taos,
from Missouri and Texas—silent, deadly
men who made no more noise than a man
planting corn. Some passed up the valley
to Canon City, some to Colorado City at the
base of Pike’s Peak, some to Denver. In
the summer season they unobtrusively pene-
trated to the gold camps. And all ultimate-
ly returned, if not killed in their venturing,
back to Pueblo and south, or across the
Plains to the River.

  There was no harm in the blustering
group that rode down the valley in search
of southern sympathizers, but those quiet,
tight-lipped men, who linked up Denver
and the boom camps to New Mexico with
a chain of crime, had great capacity for
evil.

  The Mexican man who drew aside to give
Goss the door when the gambler took to the
street would kill as readily as he would
swallow a glass of Taos lightning did murder
promise him the slightest gain or con-
venience. The undersized American, born
in Illinois, slight of figure and inoffensive
of face, who bowed courteously on recog-
nizing the gambler’s calling, carried two
guns under his black frockcoat and had
earned the notches on each.

  Near noon that day there was a ripple of
excitement when word was passed that Ruel
Bowker had made good his boast of the
evening before by murdering an Arapaho
Indian two miles down the river. Goss
arrived in front of Aaron Simms’ house
shortly after Bowker came in to receive the
praise of his saloon friends. He was proudly
exhibiting a bow and a quiver of arrows
taken from the dead man. A crowd quickly
collected. Bowker, feeling the elation of a
96

Adventure

hero, waved an Allen & Thurber pepper-
box, thirty-one caliber, and loudly pro-
claimed :

  “Here’s the medicine I done it with. I
can kill a whole tribe.”

  Jack Smith, the mixed-blood, rode up
from the east and leaped from his horse and
would have shot Bowker out of the saddle
had not a citizen seized his arm. Several
other men joined in restraining Smith.
Murderous looks and loud threats were cast
at him.

  Bowker renewed his blustering when he
beheld Smith helpless. Allen A. Bradford,
soon to be appointed to the supreme court
bench of the territory, released his grip on
Smith’s arm, and demanded: “What do you
know about this? Did you see it happen?”
Restrained from taking summary ven-
geance Smith sullenly explained:

  “I found the Arapaho man dying. A
speck far up the road was his killer. The
Arapaho man told me the white man was
drunk and began shooting without saying
a word.”

  A trader shook his fist at Bowker and
denounced:

  “It’s fools like you that fetch us trouble.
The Arapahos are friendly. You killed
without any reason.”

  “The Taos in him did the killing,” added
another.

  “Bowker did right. All Injuns oughter

be shot to-!” yelled one of the assassin’s

drinking companions. “Hooray for old
Ruel!”

  “That kind of talk doesn’t do this town
any good,” sternly rebuked Bradford. “By
this man’s own tell he’s committed murder
from pure wantonness. We can’t pass it
over.”

  “Hold court right here!” cried the trader.
“You hear the evidence, Bradford.”

  This suggestion was warmly endorsed by
the law-and-order element. Bradford urged:
“Let’s go to the back room of Boone’s
store and find out just what happened.
Let’s not be hasty in our procedure. We’ll
hold an inquest as to just how the Indian
came to his death.”

  “You folks act peeved,” began Bowker,
taken back by the suggestion his act was
not worthy of unrestrained praise.

  “Bowker, you keep shet,” broke in one of
his friends. “If a fuss is going to be made
about this matter we’ll let t’other side
furnish the proof. And we ain’t taking any

half-breed’s word as to what any dying
Injun told him.”

  The gathering promptly adjourned to
Colonel Boone’s store on lower Santa Fe
Street and borrowed the use of the back
room from Dr. Catters'on, the manager.
Hank Way was sent for to take charge of
the prisoner and to see that Smith remained
peaceful. The sympathy of many was with
the accused, and Bowker, believing himself
safe, refused to heed all admonitions and
with drunken gravity boasted he had fired
the fatal shot at a distance of seventy-five
to a hundred yards. This statement aroused
considerable laughter. As there was no
other witness to the homicide, Smith was
called on to testify, and eager to convict
Bowker, repeated the victim’s ante-mortem
statement and swore the Arapaho told him
the white man began shooting the moment
he came in sight.

  “That pepper box won’t carry that far.
Turn Ruel loose!” some one insisted.

  “We ain’t got any jail. That pepper box
won’t kill at thirty yards except by acci-
dent,” cried another. “Ruel was drunk and
just shooting promiscus. If he hit the Injun
it was a miracle.”

  A third man insisted all present serve as a
jury and called for a vote by a show of
hands. Even those who deplored the crime
knew Bowker could not have shot with
precision even at twenty-five yards. The
gathering grew tumultuous and the trader,
who wanted Bowker punished, in great dis-
gust agreed:

  “All right. Let it be a show of hands.
It was a brutal murder, but the drunken
fool hit by pure luck.”

  “Hands! Hands! All who say Ruel
Bowker is innocent hold up their hands!”
This was repeated in a chorus and Brad-
ford said:

  “I resign. You’ve taken the matter into
your own hands. Unfortunately the evi-
dence is one-sided as to the distance. I
believe the man should be held for a formal
trial.”

  But this suggestion was cried down.
Hands were again called for and Bowker
was overwhelmingly acquitted. On leaving
the room Goss fell in beside the trader who
had wanted justice done, and remarked—
“Well, the man goes free.”

  “Yes, Smith spoiled any chance to punish
him by saying the Rapaho said Bowker
began shooting the second he came in sight.
Pards

.97

Of course we know he was close to the In-
dian when he shot him. Within a few feet.
But we’ll have a jail soon and we’ll get a
tight grip on this town. I’m afraid we’ll
hear from Smith later.”

  They were to hear from him two years
later at Sand Creek where he was killed in
the fight with Chivington’s men.

  Goss walked about the town to kill time
and then returned to his lodgings. In front
of Suttles’ place he encountered Bradford
and spoke of the trial and remarked:

  “The whole business seems to be a mighty
raw deal. Plainsmen, friends of mine, say
the Cheyennes and Sioux are getting un-
easy and want to go the Minnesota Sioux
several better, and will bring us a big fight
another season.”

  “I fear so. After this murder the Arap-
ahos are bound to be more favorable for
a general war. In trade?”

  “No. Gambler.”

  “I’m sorry. Not questioning the morality
of card playing, but I can’t see that it leads
to anything permanent. Simply a matter
of getting on and making the most of op-
portunities. A man at forty should have
an assured income from business or one of
the professions.”

  Goss felt no resentment at this frank
speech, but insisted:

  “I can always look out for myself. When
I can’t I won’t be a burden to a com-
munity.”

  “I was thinking beyond that,” said Brad-
ford. “It’s a man’s bounden duty to look
after more than himself. It’s his civic duty
to marry and support his wife and bring up
several youngsters to be good citizens.”

  Goss inwardly winced, but carelessly
replied:

  “I’ve always drifted and find it hard to
settle down.”

HE CARRIED Bradford’s words
with him into the little hotel. He
had heard much the same in Den-
ver. Frank Ellis and his sister
condemned his occupation. Now he was re-
buked in a town where a cold-blooded mur-
derer was released and treated as a hero.
Yet he was too honest not to realize that
Bradford was a fine type of citizen and
meant him well. And what made him un-
easy was the fear he might come to accept
the same view of gambling as a means of
earning a living. He endeavored to mock

the distinction between gambling occasion-
ally and steadily, but got nowhere. He
played solitaire after the noon meal and
slept for a few hours.

  After supper he went to Allen’s place and
this time found it well filled. Men were
still celebrating Bowker’s acquittal. Cheers
were frequently given the killer, whereat
the latter, leaning against the end of the
bar near the open window, felt called upon
to announce his intention to exterminate all
the red man in Colorado. When Goss
entered Bowker was growing reminiscent in
his boastful talk.

  Pausing with a glass half raised he
grinned cunningly at his admirers and lifted
an unsteady hand for silence, then began:
“If any of you fellers go down to the
Purgatory far enough you’ll find seven
graves in one tree. All men. Ask Ruel
Bowker how they come to be stuck up there
to dry. Mebbe he’ll tell you, mebbe he
won’t.”

  Much praise greeted this intimation that
the speaker had been a wholesale killer.
Bowker continued:

  “Only way to civ’lize this country. Got
to wipe ’em all out. All of ’em. Few miles
from that tree you’ll find, if it ain’t been
knocked down, platform built of Star
cracker boxes where some sort of a Rapaho
chief’s laid out. Ask Ruel how that feller
come to die sort of sudden. Mebbe he’ll
tell, mebbe he won’t.”

  “You keep on, Ruel, and there won’t be
an Injun left ’tween here’n the mountains,”
applauded a bullwhacker. “And there can’t
be too few of ’em to suit my game.”

  “Well, there won’t be enough left to make
trouble by another season,” modestly ad-
mitted Bowker. “And before the end of
next summer you’ll begin to hear of dead
Utes found scattered round up in the
hills.”

  The door opened and Jack Smith entered
and stood with his back to the wall. Bowker
ceased talking. His gaze grew wild and he
fumbled for the pepper box in his belt.
Allen leaned over the bar and yanked his
hand away and warned:

  “None of that, Bowker. No killings in
here.”

  “That breed means mischief!” cried
Bowker.

  Smith folded his arms and told the crowd:
  “That man has the heart of a rabbit.”
  “Rabbit or lion, you’ll be a dead man if
98

Adventure

you start any fuss,” warned the bull-
whacker. “What you mean coming here
amongst white folks for?”

  “I have money,” slowly replied Smith.
“My father was a white man. The white
part of me can drink.”

  And he walked to the lower end of the
bar and tossed a gold piece on the board.

  Business was business to Jack Allen, and
if the interpreter’s son could pay his way
his money was as precious and desirable as
another’s. He pushed forward a bottle and
glass. Smith’s red blood showed when he
refused the glass and drank from the bottle.
Several feet separated him from the other
patrons at the bar, and none showed any
inclination to join him. Bowker craned his
neck and gazed uneasily down the line to
make sure the man was in his place and not
about to attack. Smith gave no heed to his
half brothers and continued drinking slowly
from the bottle. Bowker decided the fellow
was intimidated, and he renewed his
boasting.

  “It made me laff,” he began, “when the
trader wanted me tried right in the street.
As if there was a town or camp in Colorado

that would be ag’in me for killing-”

  A shrill whistle sounded outside in the
darkness. Some did not appear to notice it.
Among these was Smith, the halfbreed, who
had both arms resting on the bar, his hands
clutching the bottle. Bowker was among
those who heard, being nearest the window.
The whistle sounded a second time. Bowker
straightened and staggered from the bar
toward the window, and extended a hand
as if to close it. Then he gave a sharp cry
and reeled back against the bar and slid
down to a sitting posture.

  “Good-! Look!” screamed the bull-

whacker, pointing.

  Smith, with bottle half raised, was the
only one not to surge around the inert
figure. From under Bowker’s left arm pro-
truded a long, feathered shaft.

  “Indian work!” exclaimed Goss. “Shot
through the window.”

  Jack Smith came forward and after one
glance informed—

  “Arapaho arrow.”

  Allen leaped over the bar and led the rush
to the door. Goss remained and saw the
breed’s dark visage crack with a smile as
he more leisurely made for the exit, carrying
what was left of his bottle of liquor. Out-
side the door came exclamations and oaths.

Then a rough voice rose above the others
in angrily demanding—

  “What you mean, running-bent into

a peaceful man?”

  And a powerfully built fellow entered,
followed by Jack Allen who was endeavoring
to explain the precipitate flight from the
room.

  “Quit that yapping and give me a drink,”
impatiently interrupted the newcomer.”
Hunting Injuns in Pueblo is fool’s talk. If
you want to find Injuns—” He halted and
stared at the dead man. “Who done that?”
he hoarsely asked.

“I’ve been trying to tell you, mister,”
Allen replied. “Some Injun sneaked up to the
open winder and shot him with that arrer.”
“I see,” muttered the stranger. “Sure
he’s dead?”

  “Deader’n last year’s flowers.”

  The patrons of the place began returning.
They had no relish for trailing a killer in the
night. As they straggled into the bar room
the stranger announced:

  “I’m Mose Peters, just down from Tarry-
all. Maybe I bumped into some of you
boys when you was hustling through the
door. Or you bumped into me. Thought
the place must be or fire. Close the winder
and licker.”

  Before returning to his post behind the
bar Allen had Bowker’s body removed to a
shed room and sent a man to bring the
sheriff. Then he faced his line of customers.
Goss came from his corner and did what was
unusual for him when he stood beside Peters
and followed the others’ example by taking
whisky.

  Peters puzzled and fascinated him. The
man’s clothing was new. Long black coat,
trousers and hat, all were recently pur-
chased. The boots were new and shiny, and
Peters seemed glad to rest his weight on one
foot to ease the other. Like the gambler,
and unlike the rest of the company, he was
clean shaven. His face was a walnut brown
as if tanned by the elements.

  He was not a gambler but an outdoors
man, much in the sun and winds. The voice
had first attracted Goss’ interest, being
hoarse and reminiscent of one the gambler
had heard. Had Peters not announced
TarryaU as his starting place the gambler
would have put him down as a fresh arrival
from the River, with his face, hands and
wrists baked by the plains sun. The hair,
cut short, also suggested the immigrant.
Pards

99

  But few greenhorns ever carried them-
selves with as much assurance as he was
revealing. With sidelong glances the gam-
bler observed how he shifted his position,
easing first one foot, then the other, which
was reminiscent of Whip King in new foot
gear; and how he twitched his broad shoul-
ders as if finding the coat to be annoying.

  A chorus of voices wished Peters good luck
and health. Allen, at leisure for a minute
took over the situation and told of the
Arapaho’s death and described the killing
of Bowker. The man at the end of the bar,
where Bowker had stood, hastily finished
his drink and shifted his position down the
line. Another, more bold, attempted in pan-
tomime to show just how Bowker walked
to the window, cried out and fell.

  The bullwhacker thumped his fist on the
bar for attention and loudly demanded—
“Where’s that halfbreed? Bet he done

it! -him!”

  Goss spoke up, saying:

  “Smith was drinking at the bar when the
man was shot. He didn’t leave this room
until after Bowker fell to the floor.”

  “Who’n-be you, mister?” truculent-
ly asked the bullwhacker.

  “I’m the man who saw Smith quit this
room after Bowker was killed,” Goss quietly
replied. “He couldn’t be outside the win-
dow, shooting in, and on the inside, about to
go out at the same time.”

  “You’re too - smart,” sneered the

bullwhacker, swinging from the bar and
edging nearer Goss. “You ain’t answered
my question. Who be you?”

  “Oh, that? I’m something of a trouble
doctor. Sometimes folks like you, looking
for trouble, come to me to be cured. Never
had the same patient call on me twice.”

  This piece of braggadocio centered all eyes
upon him as he moved a few steps from the
bar to meet the bullwhacker. The bull-
whacker took careful note of his dandified
appearance and advanced no farther, even
when some one laughed derisively. Allen
shrewdly read danger in the dark, expres-
sionless face and shook his head to the bull-
whacker. The latter met the steady gaze
for a few moments, then decided he pre-
ferred drink to trouble and stepped back
to the bar, mildly agreeing:

  “Of course the breed couldn’t be in two
places at once.”

  Having disconcerted the bullwhacker
Goss swiftly shifted his gaze and stared

squarely into the amazed face of the new-
comer. His own eyes flickered in surprize
for a second; then he was shouldering his
way to a position beside the man, and as he
lifted his glass as though drinking the
stranger’s health he murmured—
“Lomsom.”

  “Outside,” grunted the White Chief of
the Utes. Then he lifted his raucous voice
in an invitation for all to drink hearty.

  Hank Way bustled in and the drinking
was suspended while he investigated the
death of Bowker. Allen briefly described
the tragedy and added, “Jack Smith says
the arrow was an Arapaho arrow. Being
half Injun he ought to know.”

  “It isn’t surprizing,” commented the
sheriff. “A white man can’t always kill a
friendly Indian and not make some of the
tribe mad. Where’s the body?”

  He was conducted to the adjoining shed,
the men crowding in behind him. Goss and
Lomsom remained at the bar. The former
emptied his glass on the floor and hurriedly
asked—

  “You’ve quit your red friends, Lomsom?”
“Come outside. More room,” muttered
Lomsom.

  Once through the door and out of the
light streaming through the windows Lom-
som halted long enough to pull off his boots,
and with a sigh of relief walked in his bare-
feet to the river bank. They sat down near
Maywood’s blacksmith shop. Lomsom was
the first to speak, saying:

  “Beats-we should meet like this.”

SSW&X AS HE spoke he tossed something
over the bank and into the river.
Goss ducked instinctively at the
» gesture. Lomsom reassured:
“Just heaving something away. Some-
thing I don’t dast carry. But one of my
Utes would risk his life before he’d heave it
away. Tail feather of a chaparral cock
hitched to a whistle. Good to carry in your
mouth in a medicine dance.”

  “A whistle! It was a whistle—” began
Goss.

  “I blew it. Met Jack Smith first thing on
coming to town after dark. He knows me.
Told me about the Rapaho’s death. Had to
square myself with him, or kill him to stop
his giving me away. He give me the
Rapaho’s bow and arrers. I blew the
whistle, hoping to git the skunk to step
from the bar so I could git a shot at him.
IOO

Adventure

Skunk oughter been killed even if my Utes
don’t love the Rapahos.

  “Smith’s part white. He’n me have done
some dickering and hoss swapping on the
side. But the Rapahos would give a heap
for my hair. So I had to trade with him.
If I didn’t, and slipped up on killing him
on the spot, the Rapahos would see that I
never got back to the mountains alive.
Them, not white folks, I was skeery about.”
“You killed Bowker!” muttered Goss.
“I’ve said so. And you’ll keep shut.
From what Smith said there’s white men in
this town that wanted to hang the cuss.
Don’t go to making trouble for me and I
won’t send any war pipe to you.”

  “It’s so - cold-blooded. Bowker

needed killing, all right. But to kill him
offhand at some one else’s say.”

  “See here, Goss, are you ag’in me? I
want to know right now.”

  And Lomsom shifted his position.

  “I have a very murderous derringer
covering you,” warned Goss. “However,
I’m no talker. Bowker was no good. It’s
true some of the citizens favored hanging
him. It’s all come out in the wash. That’s
all in the discard. Let go of that knife or
gun and tell me why you quit the Indians.”
Lomsom relaxed and began:

  “Just had to take a little trip alone.

-! But I’ve been so hungry for white

men’s lights and houses, and a white man’s
bar and victuals, I just couldn’t stand it.
Used to git me hard at times, but it was
worse’n ever after you three fellers skun out.
Told my young men I was off to the top of
a mountain to make big medicine and would
be gone some time if the medicine was slow
to work. Got rid of my Injun rig, cleaned
off the paint, and put on some odds and ends
of clothes my boys stole from the whites.
Then I made Tabor’s store at Buckskin and

bought this outfit. But- them boots!

They’ll be the death of me.”

  Goss, still nonplussed by the man’s un-
concern over Bowker’s death, endeavored
to hide his aversion and next inquired—
“Going back to the Utes soon?”

  “Have to winter with ’em. But if I find
what I’m looking for on this trip I’ll quit
’em for good next season.”

“Looking for something?” prompted Goss.
“For that young skunk with the funny
name, Euclid. Cuss him! He knows more
about gold than Gregory does. He busted
all my plans when he skinned out on me.”

  “The Utes would have killed him if he
hadn’t escaped,” reminded Goss.

  “Mebbe. Some one had to be killed after
smoking that medicine-pipe. But if you
had stuck my man’s hide would have been
safe. T’other young feller was the one they
was keen to burn. They’ll burn him yet if
they ever git hold of him. Where’d he
go to?”

  “Denver. On his way to the River by
this time. You came down the valley?”

  “By traveling at night and keeping to the
south side of the river. Some of my Utes
are down near Canon City, looking for
hosses. Didn’t want to run foul of them,”
explained Lomsom. “Yesterday I made a
big smoke that’ll scare them bac& to the
mountains. They’ll think it’s made by
Cheyennes and Rapahos. Know where that
Euclid is?”

  “Haven’t an idea. Probably in Denver,
Central City. Up that way somewheres.”
Lomsom swore under his breath, then
complained:

  “It beat all bad luck that I had to lose
him. I know half a dozen likely gold
placers. Any one of them would make my
everlasting fortune if I knew what he knows
about gold. With a big pile of dust I’d
light out for the River and keep on going till
I struck some big city in the East. Then
I’d settle down and live like a gen’leman.”
“Of course that’s the trick to turn,” the
gambler encouraged. “But just what are
you down here for?”

  “To search the valley for the young feller.
Had to begin at this end as my Utes were
hanging round Canon City. Now the
smoke’s scared them back I’ll look for him
up stream on my way back. Then again,
Goss, I’m lonely. God knows how lonely.
I was born and raised white. I am white.
I knifed a man in Pete Dotson’s wagon
train out of Salt Lake City. He had it
coming to him, but I had to run for it. I
fell in with a small band of Utes, painted
up and become their leader. Younger men
who wouldn’t mind the older leaders. I’ve
been with them ever since. They look on
me as one of them. I’ve tried to be one of
them. Almost fooled myself at times. But
I can’t ever forgit I’m white. And I’m
hungry for white men’s company. I’m sick
of paint and lodges and eating Injun grub
out of a kettle. I’ve seen the time when I’d
almost trade one of my secret placers for
some white cooking, ’specially cake.”
Pards

101

  Goss waited for him to talk himself out,
and then inquired—

  “About the Rabbit? What happened to
him after we escaped?”

  “Nothing. He had the Stone God to
trade. Made the bargain on the pipe. He’s
slick. Utes want to keep him. Nothing
could happen to him even if he hadn’t given
the Stone God back. As the Walking Dead
Man, he’s mighty big medicine. They’d as
quick think of trying to hurt a ghost as him.
He left a couple of days after you did. But
what a fool to go back to the nation to be
stuck up against a cartwheel or tree and
shot!”

  “Odd. But he’s a real man. Nothing
can stop him from doing what he believes
is his duty. Don’t go back to the Utes,
Lomsom. Plenty of room for you. Nevada,
or the rich diggings up north. Or on a ranch
down here.”

  “My medicine tells me to find pay dirt
enough to send me back East before I can
be shut of the Utes. Well, let’s be gitting
back. You keep shut and I’ll keep shut.”
And with a groan he pulled on his boots.
“Just a minute. Only an idea of mine.
I know two men who know as much if not
more about placers than Euclid does. I’m
sort of thinking to do a little prospecting.
Early next season we might make a trade.
You lead a party of us to one of your hidden
placers. If there’s gold in it there’ll be
enough for five of us.”

  Lomsom remained silent for a couple of
minutes, then slowly said:

  “That’s a talk I’ll have to smoke on. I
don’t mind others making a killing if I can
make mine. But I ain’t going to risk un-
covering a rich lode and be robbed of my
share.”

   “It i(Vas only an idea,” carelessly replied
Goss. “You’d be foolish to go into it if you
couldn’t trust me. By spring I’ll probably
be out of the notion. We’ll go back.”

  “I’ll think it over and smoke on it,”
mumbled Lomsom, crawling to his feet.
“Just remember I’m Mose Peters down here.
First time you ever see me. You keep shut
and I’ll keep shut.”

  “I’m no talker,” repeated the gambler.
“But there’s nothing you can say that’ll
hurt me. Going under my own name. Talk
your head off if you want to.”

  They walked slowly back from the river
and toward the lights of the saloon, Lomsom
limping and cursing his new boots. Lomsom

was in the lead as they reached the saloon.
Goss felt a hand on his arm and wheeled
quickly and recognized Jack Smith, the
half-breed.

  “You be careful inside,” muttered the
breed. “Black Bill is in there. He’s been
told you have money. You’ll be asked to
play cards.”

  “Why’d you bother to tell me this?”
murmured Goss.

“You told them I was in the room when
one man tried to pin Bowker’s death on me.”
He vanished abruptly around the corner
of the building. Lomsom held the door part
way open and querulously asked:

  “What’s the matter? Lost something?”
  “Found a friend.”

  The sheriff had concluded his inquiry and
had had the unfortunate Bowker removed.
Some dozen men were in the room. Allen
came forward and informed Goss:

  “Some of the boys are keen for a little
poker. They’d love to have you sit in.
And your friend.”

  The last to Lomsom.

  Goss shook his head and said—

   “I never care for a little poker.”

  Lomsom was in a different mood, and
eagerly urged:

  “Let’s draw a few cards. I’m hungry
to play.”

  Goss glanced about the room to discover
Black Bill and found him sitting with two
men at a side table. He told Allen:

  “I never care for small stakes. I’ll wait
till some one comes in who feels rich.”

  He had spoken so that all in the room
might hear, and the big man, swarthy of
face and with the small eyes of an Indian,
came to his feet and bowed, and in excellent
English called out:

  “The senor need not hesitate because of
the stakes. I will cut the deck with him for
what he has in his clothes.”

  The loungers worked forward to enjoy
the situation. For a few moments Goss was
marveling how so small a voice could come
from so big a man. He had expected to hear
a bull-like roar, and had he not seen the
speaker he would have said a child had
strayed into the place and was prattling.
Black Bill grinned wickedly as he detected
what he believed to be confusion in the
young man. Goss briskly advanced to the
table and replied:

  “All right. That’s man-sized talk. Bring
a sealed deck of cards. I’ll cut you for two
102

Adventure

thousand on the high card. Ace is top-
high.”

Lomsom at his shoulder hoarsely urged:
“Cut him for four thousand. I’ll put up
that much. Medicine tells me you’re lucky.”
Black Bill flashed an ugly glance at the
two, but his voice was a liquid treble as he
shrugged his shoulders and confessed:

  “That is beyond me. The senor is very
rich. I withdraw.”

  “But you’ve got some money, ain’t you?”
growled Lomsom. Then, to Goss, “Oh,
let’s play.” And he impatiently rattled gold
pieces in the capacious pocket of his long
coat. “If these fellers are shy of money I’ve
got enough to make it interesting even for
you, Goss.”

  “All right,” surrendered Goss, slipping
into a chair so his back would be to the wall.
“Anew deck. Table stakes, so every man
has a chance for his money.”

  He produced two thousand dollars in gold
and paper and arranged it before him.

  “Would fifty dollars limit be enough for
the grand senor?” politely piped Black Bill’s
diminutive voice.

  “Excellent.”

  “We like nothing but jackpots down
here,” continued Black Bill. “The ante?
Shall we say two or five dollars?”

  “Five!” barked Lomsom as he stacked
twenty-dollar pieces from the Denver mint.

BLACK BILL sat on Goss’ left,
a nondescript on his right. The
fifth man was between Black Bill
and Lomsom, the latter facing
the wall. Black Bill produced nine hundred
dollars. His two companions each tabled
less. Goss did not play in the first two
hands, and was quick to realize the three
men were playing for a common purse.
That they had some system of signaling was
obvious after the two hands. After the
first bet, which was raised back by the last
of the trio, two would drop out, leaving the
strongest hand to battle against Lomsom.

  The latter lost both times, but played with
much enthusiasm and evidenced his inten-
tion to participate in every pot. Goss sat
in the next two hands until the whip-sawing
commenced, when he dropped out. Lomsom
lost four hundred dollars very quickly, but
continued to smile.

  It came Goss’ deal and he played. The
limit was bet to draw cards and he pushed
in his money. It was raised back by the

man on his right and he patiently saw it.
The man on Black Bill’s left raised again.
Lomsom who had stayed, smiling with much
content, for the first time gave it a boost.
The man on Goss’ right hesitated as if con-
fused and dropped out. Goss saw and
raised. Black Bill’s broad face seemed to
grow even darker. He hesitated for two
seconds, then pushed in a hundred and fifty
dollars. The man on his left was glad to
retire. Lomsom laughed loudly and shoved
his cards into the dead wood, and informed—
“Just having fun trying to bluff.”

  “Between you and me, senor,” shrilly re-
marked Black Bill.

  Goss raised him back. Black Bill saw it
and spent a minute weighing his hand. He
took one card. Goss drew three. Black
Bill cursed softly and dropped when the
limit was bet. Goss stuck his cards in the
deck and stacked his winnings.

  Lomsom gloated:

  “That’s the time he got under your hide,
mister. And at that I’m thinking you had
the best hand.”

  “You talk too much,” lisped Black Bill.

  Lomsom rested one foot on the round of
his chair, incidentally bringing the top of
the boot leg closer to his hand, and picked
up his cards. Despite his Indian training
he betrayed exultation and raised for cards
after Black Bill had opened. The betting
before the draw was fast and furious. Goss
kept out and began pocketing his money.
Black Bill exhausted his pile and borrowed
what remained before his friends, the two
dropping after the second raise.

  Lomsom grunted and chuckled as if much
delighted, and taunted—

  “You’re in for another licking, Pretty
Voice.”

   The spectators gathered close to the table.
Among them was a well built man who
walked with a vigorous step. Goss was the
only person in the room who had seen him
enter. He halted behind Lomsom’s chair
and appeared to be deeply interested in the
outcome of the battle. As Lomsom boasted
and threatened the newcomer tilted his head
as if to hear the better. Goss watched him
idly at first, then more closely as he moved
to one side, as if to get a better view of
Lomsom’s cards, or his profile. Then the
game demanded the. gambler’s attention as
from the corner of his eye he caught a move-
ment of Black Bill’s left hand dropping for
a second below the edge of the table.
Pards

103

  Black Bill sorrowfully announced:

  “I must call. I have no more money.”
Lomsom was disappointed, "and regret-
fully agreed—

  “Then we can only draw and show our
hands.”

  Each drew two cards. Goss thrust the
fingers of his right hand into his left sleeve
and told Lomsom, “The man’s cheating.
He has two cards on his knee if his friend
hasn’t taken them.”

  “You dare!” hissed the accused, darting
his left hand to sash.

  Goss suggestively permitted the handle
of a derringer to show below his cuff and
replied—

  “Yes, I dare.”

  “Hold up!” commanded Lomsom. “Don’t
anybody break up this pot. I know he
cheated. Mighty clumsy done. Man be-
tween us sneaked the cards from his knee
and has them in his left sleeve this minute.”
As he finished speaking he darted out his
right hand and ripped the man’s sleeve to
the elbow and allowed two cards to fall on
the floor.

  “Beat those, Pretty Voice.” And he
threw down four kings. Then he raked in
the pot and with his left hand proceeded to
stuff his pockets. As he was picking up the
last of the money he casually said—

  “I cheated a little when I saw you was
going below the table with cards.”

  Black Bill stared at him in baleful silence.
Then threw down his hand and slowly rose
and stepped behind his chair. Goss fol-
lowed every move and did not see the man
behind Lomsom’s chair suddenly bow his
head and glance into the renegade’s face.
The first he learned that anything aside from
the game was happening was when he heard
the explosive cry:

  “Lomsom! I thought I knew you!”
Lomsom came to his feet with the quick-
ness of a cat and swung his chair violently
against the legs of the speaker and seized
him by the collar and pulled him forward
to sprawl over it. With one jump he was
at the door.

  Allen was screaming—

  “He’s killed Pete Dotson!”

  But Dotson, the former freighter from
Salt Lake City, got his footing as Lomsom
passed into the night and started after him
only to have his path blocked by three men.

  Goss switched his gaze back to Black Bill
and covered him with the derringer just as

the long knife was leaving the sash. Black
Bill yelped and ducked and dodged and
gained the window at the upper end of the
bar, opened it and vaulted through it.

  Goss turned his head in time to see Dot-
son clear the doorway in pursuit of Lomsom.
One of the strangers, who, his back to the
table, was staring after Dotson, now turned
about, revealing a scarred face. Goss gave
one glance, and holding the derringer in his
open hand, greeted:

  “Glad you have shown up, DeLouge. The
game has been slow, and what’s worse,
crooked. Man! Man! Keep your hands
from that belt. This gun is small, but mur-
derous. Send your friends to the bar while
we have a bit of a talk.”

CHAPTER X

THE DUEL

T'VELOUGE slipped into the chair vacat-
ed by Lomsom and stared thought-
fully at the gambler. The two men, ab-
sorbed in each other, were unconscious of
the excitement aroused by the White Chief’s
flight from Pete Dotson, rancher on the
south fork of St. Charles. Without moving
his head, or shifting his gaze from the gam-
bler’s marble face, DeLouge said to Snap
and Seth behind him:

  “Clear out, boys. Get a drink. Keep
away from me. I’ll look you up later.”

  “We come along to lend a hand,” re-
minded Snap.

  “You came along so you wouldn’t get
hurt while riding to Texas. Clear out,” re-
peated DeLouge without raising his voice.

  Those who had trailed after Dotson were
now straggling back, talking loudly, but
ignorant as to the reason of Lomsom’s flight.
They had ventured only a short distance
before realizing it was foolish to trade lights
and drinks for the chance of a bullet in the
darkness. These, and those who had re-
mained in the room, sensed nothing of the
drama developing at the side table.

  De’Louge was the first to speak. He said—
“I’d hoped to catch up with you in
quieter surroundings.”

  “You come, bringing trouble of course,”
replied Goss, his hands clasped before him,
the derringer back in its sleeve holster.

  “I’ve delayed my trip south, risked being

murdered by-Yanks just to pay you

for what you did to my friend.”
104

Adventure

  “A cheat and murderer before I killed
him in self-defense,” said Goss.

  DeLouge winced, and replied:

  “I’m not his judge. The South lost a
good man when you killed him.”

► “Your point of view. I’ll kill the best
man the South has if he tries to murder me
and I’m able to kill him.”

   “I’m not interested in the ethics of it,”
softly remarked DeLouge. “I was simply
answering your question.”

  “That’s ended. But I’m interested to
know how you found me so quickly,” said
Goss.

  “You are undone by kindness,” returned
DeLouge, the corner of his mouth twisting
up in a crooked smile. “You bought a lot
of grub and packed it down the valley on a
mule. I found the mule.”

  Goss’ face slipped from control for an
instant. DeLouge observed it and smiled
the more.

   “A little ranch house. A young lady who
lied nobly. Said you hadn’t been there.
Her brother is rather stupid, I think. But
she seemed to know I was carrying a fight.
She vowed you had not been there the mo-
ment I put the question.”

   “DeLouge, I’d forgive anything before I’d
forgive trouble to the young people at the
ranch,” murmured Goss. “I’m not ducking
a fight any longer. Had I known you’d been
to that ranch you would have met me on the
road, coming to find you.”

   DeLouge’s eyes glowed with feral light.

“Why,-you!” he softly began. “You’re

taking it for granted I don’t know how to
treat quality folks. The young man is slow
to comprehend things, but he is a gentle-
man. The young woman might have been
my sister so far as any word of mine could
ruffle her feelings.”

  Goss believed him. The man could be as
deadly as a cobra, but no woman would ever
have cause to complain of him. The gam-
bler had met the type before, and frankly
apologized:

  “I was too quick to suspect the wrong
thing. You’re not that sort. Perhaps I
won’t fight as well now I know you were
courteous to my friends, but I shall feel
much better.”

  “To - with your feelings. You’ve

charged me with being the worst thing
possible.”

   “And I’m going to give you satisfaction,”
coldly assured Goss. “I don’t like the no-

tion of having folks looking for me and
following at my back. Is it to be a nip and
tuck affair right here or something arranged
and carried out by rule? I see you have
brought two friends with you.”

   “The second insult since I’ve been in this
chair. You’ve seen my friends before. You
know they’d be snagged by some of your
Yankee friends if left alone. If I can’t beat
you on the draw as we sit here I surely can
kill you while you’re killing me. But my
idea is to walk off alone together, one man
coming back.”

  Goss nodded and unclasped his hands,
and approved:

  “That would be much better than shoot-
ing each other up at this table. We’d both
die. There’s a chance for one to live the
other way, and I’m beginning to feel lucky.”
“Good!” softly exclaimed DeLouge. “I’m
carrying one gun. Of course you’re out-
fitted.”

  “A thirty-one Colt and a derringer. I’ll
discard the derringer.”

  “Keep it. It’ll balance my gun, a forty-
four. I want no advantage in this business.
And there’s no time like tonight. I should
be leading my friends toward Texas before
sun-up. The starlight is very bright, and I
suppose there’s plenty of room around here
where we won’t be interrupted.”

  “Down by the ruins of the flour mill will
do nicely,” promptly informed Goss.

  “Then let’s be moving. I’m mortal keen
to be riding south.”

  Goss admiringly told him:

  “I like your optimism. I like to see a man
play his hand just as though he believed it’s
a winner. I’m ready.”

  And he pushed back his chair and cast a
swift glance at DeLouge’s two followers,
who were busy at the bar. DeLouge
quickly assured him:

  “Snap and Seth will wait for me here. If
you come back they’ll strike out down the
valley alone. Have you any arrangements
to make?”

  “What money is in my clothes and a
paper showing I own a ranch, are to be
given to Ellis and his sister, where you
found the mule. If left with John Thatcher,
or Allen Bradford, with those instructions,
either will carry out my wishes.”

   “I’ll see that it’s done, if I have to break
my trip and carry them in person,” promised
DeLouge.

  Goss smiled grimly, and observed:
Pards

105

  “You’re very confident. But you’d better
tell your friends to have their horses ready
and to ride hard and fast once I return, for
I might not be able to save them. Pueblo
men rode down the river last night, hunting
for southern men. Their rum gave out.
They didn’t ride far. Next time they’ll try
hard to make a killing.”

  “An accident might happen,” quietly
agreed DeLouge, coming to his feet. “I’ll
advise them accordingly.”

  He walked to the bar and talked to Seth
and Snap, and while thus engaged a shout
of laughter caused him to wheel. The
gathering was mirthful over the sadly bat-
tered appearance of a man standing in the
doorway.

  “Darned if it ain’t Vince Moore!”
shouted the bullwhacker. “You look like
a thousand steers had trompled on you,
Vince.”

  “In another minute his clothes will drop
off!” cried another.

  Moore’s face was bruised and swollen al-
most beyond recognition. His clothes were
ripped and torn. His belt held no weapons.
He slowly advanced to the bar and poured
out a stiff drink. Then he slowly fastened
his gaze on the laughing men, and there
was something in the half-closed, discolored
eyes that quickly caused the merriment to
subside. Bolting his drink he hoarsely
promised:

  “Those who treated me like this will pay
a mighty high price. And I don’t feel
like gentling any one that takes it as a
joke.”

  “Shucks, Vince, we’re your friends,”
cried the bullwhacker. “We thought you’d
been tossed by your hoss. If any one’s
played you dirt you know who to call
on.”

. Moore cast a glance at his torn clothes
and grimly informed the bullwhacker:

  “All right. I’m calling on you now. Come
outside.”

  With that he limped to the door,
slowly followed by the wondering bull-
whacker.

  DeLouge returned to the table, and Goss
remarked—

  “Other folks seem to be having their
troubles.”

  “That Moore’s a bad customer. Never
saw him before, but I’ve heard of him. His
game is stealing horses. Hope he gets what
he deserves. Must have run into a bad

storm. No gun, clothes nearly ripped off
him, walks as if he was broken into pieces.
He’s been manhandled severely but no gun
fighter did it. I’ve spoken to the boys and

we can get down to business.”

  Goss led the way outdoors and glanced
about for Moore and the bullwhacker. The
two worthies were not to be seen. Without
a word the duelists walked toward what was
left of the first flour mill built in Pueblo.
Erected and equipped for work in seven
days by B. A. Rockafellow it had burned to
the ground before it could turn out a bag
of flour.

  When a short distance from the ruins
Goss halted and impatiently remarked—
“Seems some one is ahead of us. We’U
go down on the river bank.”

  DeLouge suggested:

  “We can wait a bit. They’ll be moving
on soon.”

  He sat down and Gross dropped to the
ground beside him.

  Several figures by the ruins moved toward
the waiting men. They were talking, and
one raised his voice and declared:

  “But we don’t need any army, Vince.
Black Bill’s a plenty. If you round up any
more I’ll be thinking you’re planning to
tackle a fort.”

  “Bill’s the only one Ed will fetch. Told
him to bring me a gun.”

  “Ed’s the bullwhacker,” Goss whispered
to DeLouge.

  “That’ll make six of us,” grumbled the
man who objected to a crowd. “S’pose we
leave Culp and Ben out of it. Four’s
enough.”

  “Not by a jugful!” objected a new voice.
“Any fun going on we’re in it. Ain’t that
your mind, Ben?”

  “All the time,” replied a nasal voice.
“Waggle’s always keen to play a lone hand
if there’s a pretty woman in it.”

  “Pretty -1” snarled Moore. “Look

here, don’t you fellers size this game up
wrong. Her brother left me looking like
this. Got my gun in the bargain. Of course
he jumped me by surprize when I ’lowed he
was wilting. But he got me. Me! Vince
Moore. None of you folks think I’m any
chicken.”

  “You’re no scrub, Vince,” agreed Waggle.
“Feller must bp a natural-born killer to do
what he done with his naked hands.”

  “Worse’n any bad man I ever ran
against,” growled Vince.
io6

Adventure

A LOW whistle sounded below
the ruins. The talking ceased.
The signal was answered, and two
figures came around the east end
of the ruins. Then Moore exclaimed—
“Black Bill and Ed.”

  The four of them turned about and
hastened to join Black Bill and the bull-
whacker.

  Goss clasped his hand around DeLouge’s
wrist and tightened his grip until DeLouge
reminded:

  “You’re forgetting there’s a bone there.
What’s all that talk mean? Making trouble
for some woman, I take it.”

  “Planning trouble for the young woman
who lied to you,” gritted Goss. “Her
brother’s my friend. But I never knew he
could manhandle any one the way Moore’s
been used.”

  “That youngster!” incredulously whis-
pered DeLouge. “He appeared to me to be
a sheep. The girl did all the talking.”

  “He wasn’t a sheep when Moore called on
him,” was the grim reply. “The man they
call Waggle is a bad one. Ought to have
killed him in California Gulch when I ran
his boss, Charley Dodge out of the camp.
Look here, DeLouge, this trouble of ours
must wait. Some fifteen miles down the
river is a ranch where you and your friends
will be welcome. It’s a rendezvous for
southern men making back home to get
into the big fight. I’m riding up the river
road mighty soon. I’ll send word to you,
or come to find you, after I’ve finished my
business and get back to Pueblo.”

  “I always hanker to keep close to the man
I’m planning to shoot. I’ll go with you,”
murmured DeLouge.

  “That’s mighty decent of you. I may
be glad of your gun,” whispered Goss. “But
you’re making it harder for me when we
walk out alone next time. Now we must
get our horses and keep watch to know
when they start up the valley.”

  “I’ll have to get a fresh horse,” said De-
Louge. “Got any friends in town who’ll
keep an eye on them and bring us the word
when they start?”

  Goss rapidly recalled the men he had met
in Pueblo and finally decided:

  “There’s a fellow, a mixed-blood. Jack
Smith, by name. He thinks he’s in my debt.
The sheriff won’t do. He’d stop them and
simply postpone their visit. And we want
the-business settled and not hanging

fire. If I can’t locate Smith we’ll have to do
our own watching. Arrange for a horse and
meet me at Suttles’ hotel on Santa Fe
Avenue.”

  They hurried back to the town and sepa-
rated. Goss glanced through the windows
of Allen’s saloon, but the half-breed was not
there. He went on and entered Thatcher’s
store and announced—

  “Found I’ll need one of those Remington
forty-fours.”

  “I sell guns,” said Thatcher. “But I’d
rather sell hoes and shovels. Don’t get
round-shoulders from carrying too many
weapons, my young friend.”

  “I’ll be careful,” promised Goss, throwing
down the price and gathering up the re-
volver and some ammunition.

  Returning to the street he made straight
for Suttles’, and in front of the place came
upon the man he was looking for, Jack
Smith. The half-breed snarled like a moun-
tain cat as he saw a man rapidly bearing
down on him. Then the gambler entered
the light of a window lamp, and the breed
stood erect, and sullenly advised—

  “Don’t run at a man, even if he’s part
Indian.”

  “I’ve been hunting for you, Smith. I’m
wanting to give you this twenty-dollar gold
piece and to ask a favor.”

  He thrust the coin into the breed’s hand
and rapidly told him the service he required.

  “You don’t have to give me gold,” slowly
said Smith, “but I’ll keep it. I know the

men, all of them,-them! A few miles

down the valley and some of my mother’s
folks would be glad to wipe them out for
me. I’ll be glad to bring you word. But
as it promises to be a big fight let me go
with you.”

  “As a fighting man you’d be welcome,”
said Goss. “But if you’re mixed up in it
it would mean the slaughter of more In-
dians. You keep out of it. I have a rare
man riding with me. He’s to meet me here.
Be off and find them. They were down by
the flour mill. Probably back at Allen’s
by this time.”

  Smith darted away and Goss entered the
hotel and proceeded to load his new gun.
Uncle Tommy watched him anxiously, and
inquired, “Thinking of going to war?”

  “Had in mind to shoot some skunks,”
explained Goss.

  With his weapons ready Goss took a posi-
tion a short distance above the hotel.
Pards

107

Twenty minutes passed, then DeLouge
came up. Goss signaled to him, and the
southerner reported:

  “I arranged with Aaron Simms for the
loan of a horse. Learned anything?”

  The gambler told about Smith and in-
vited his enemy into the hotel. DeLouge
feared the men might steal from town with-
out the mixed-blood discovering their de-
parture. This was sufficient to alarm Goss,
and he suggested:

  “Then one of us must remain here for
Smith, while the other looks for Moore and
his friends. I’ll stay, as Smith wouldn’t
report to you. Better keep close to Allen’s.
They’ll go there for a drink.”

  DeLouge vanished down the street. Goss
shifted his position to one across the street
in the deep shadows across and opposite
the hotel. He waited so long that he began
to fear both Smith and DeLouge had de-
serted him, or had lost the trail. His fears
for the Ellis’s safety became acute. To
leave his post would be to risk missing the
half-breed. He crossed the street, having
decided to enlist Uncle Tommy and to send
him to reconnoiter Allen’s place and report
back on those present. He was at the door
when a furtive figure darted from the
shadows across the street and in a low
voice, hailed him. Goss gave a sigh of relief
on beholding Smith.

  The half-breed informed:

  “They’ve been drinking all this time.
Now they go for their horses.”

  “Did you see a man with a scar on his
face?”

  “He was outside. He said he was scout-
ing for you. He ran away when the men
left the bar to get their horses.”

  “My horse is in the little corral behind the
hotel. Go and saddle him and bring him
here. I’m waiting for the man with the
scar.”

  Smith hurried away. He was soon back
with the gambler’s horse. There followed
a brief period of waiting; then sounded the
welcome clump-clump of hoofs. As Goss
swung into the saddle DeLouge rode into
the light, mounted on a rawbone roan.
“Your man’s reported, I see,” he greeted.

“This beast is an ugly-, but Simms says

he can travel with the best. Shall we make
for the valley road?”

  Goss nodded and led the way. On the
west side of the town they halted, having
discovered no signs of the raiders. From

behind them in the village the singing and
shouting of men. Believing these to be their
quarry they drew back from the highway
and waited. The clamor died down and yet
no horsemen appeared. Goss impatiently
decided:

  “We’ll ride on. If we’re ahead of them
we’ll be there to meet them. If behind we
must arrive on their heels.”

  “I don’t believe they’ve started,” said
DeLouge. Then he cautioned: “Some one
rides from the west. Question him.”

  A rider was approaching at a hand gallop.
The gambler took the middle of the road
and called out—

  “Friend, did you pass five or six men rid-
ing up the valley?”

  “I see two of you, but you’re the one I
have covered,” replied the rider.

  He reined in and dismounted.

  “My name is Goss. My friend and I are
strangers here. We seek six men riding
west.”

  “I’m Pete Dotson, and I’ve been chasing
a cowardly murderer. Your six friends are
tearing up the road, half drunk! Poor com-
pany to be hunting! Both of you pass on
and give me the road.”

  “Much obliged. But they won’t thank
us for overtaking them,” said Goss.

  And, followed by DeLouge he circled
around Dotson, who had his belt gun resting
across the saddle to guard against treachery.

  The two proceeded at a smashing gallop
for the first mile; then DeLouge spurred up
beside his companion and reminded:

  “Not too fast. We have some thirty miles
to cover.”

  “I’m not keen for them to reach the ranch
ahead of us,” answered Goss.

  Yet he pulled down to a more sensible
pace.

  They covered ten miles at a moderate gait

and Goss was again growing fearful they
would be too late when the faint sound of
voices struck them. He was for pressing
forward smartly, but DeLouge drew abreast
and advised:

“Don’t be a fool. They’re taking it easy
and having a bit of a sing. No road fighting
in the dark. We can close in any time. I
want more light when I begin shooting.”
Goss recognized the wisdom of this and
dropped to a walk. DeLouge continued—
“The boys understand that if you come
back alone you’re not to be troubled.”
“Thanks. I never go hunting for trouble,”
io8

Adventure

gruffly replied Goss. “We’ll hope both of us
are lucky on this trip.”

  “And split up our hopes on the next trip.
Exactly,” agreed the musical voice.

  “Of course,” said Goss.

  And he knew that only one of them, at the
best, could survive when they turned against
each other. Yet he admired the southerner.
He admired his courage in riding down
Grape Creek and into Canon City when
there were many men in the valley who
would be glad to use guns in stopping his
journey south. He admired his courage in
abandoning his swift and stealthy flight to
Texas in order to court more trouble by
stretching the hunt to Pueblo. With such
an indomitable man on one’s track there was
but one escape—by killing him.

  The men ahead jogged along smartly but
with no pretense of haste. It was obvious
they felt secure and believed they could
afford to wait until the first morning light
before commencing their evil work. The
hours lagged, but at last the star paled and
a vague light came from the east. Now
there was the danger of the six discovering
the two. When the country afforded it the
pursuers swung away from the road.

  The light increased until they could per-
ceive the horsemen riding in a compact
body. Soon they could make out the in-
dividuals. The riders were taking their
time, but they no longer sang and ghouted.
Their mood would be doubly vicious now
the effects of Allen’s Taos lightning was
wearing off. At last the horizon reddened
before the approach of the sun and the six
men quickened their pace to a hard gallop.

  “Let’s close in and begin,” urged Goss.

  “Just a bit more light,” restrained De-
Louge. “I’d be ashamed to be knocked
over by a chance shot from such trash. I
want light enough to see just where I’m
sending my lead.”

  Another two miles and Goss frantically
exclaimed :

  “We’re there! They’re quitting the
road!”

  Off to the right they soon made out the
small ranch house, and DeLouge swore gent-
ly as he beheld the thin blue smoke lazily
rising from the chimney. He had hoped the
men would arrive before the young people
had unbarred the door. He lifted the big
roan alongside of Goss’ spirited mount and
the two thundered along, stirrup to stirrup.

  Goss was the first to make out a figure

standing in the doorway of the ranch, but
could not tell if it were Ellis or his sister.
As a warning he pulled a gun and fired it in
the air.

  The horseman nearest the cabin glanced
back. The ranch door closed. The raiders
faced about and on discovering there were
but two horsemen leaving the road to attack
them they separated into two bands and,
riding far apart, galloped to meet the in-
truders.

  DeLouge cried:

  “Draw off to the left! We must keep
apart.”

  He turned his horse to meet the three men
approaching on his right.

THE first rays of the new sun
swept the valley and brilliantly
illuminated the scene. Diverging
to the left, with the forty-four in
his hand, Goss saw his three foes consisted
of Vince Moore, Black Bill, and a man he
had never seen before to his knowledge. He
spared a glance for the trio riding to assail
DeLouge and beheld Bill Waggle in the lead.
Next to him came Ed the bullwhacker, and
an unknown. These two unidentified men
he knew must be Ben and Culp.

  The three coming to meet the gambler had
been riding in single file. Now they sepa-
rated widely, Moore taking a wide circle as
if to attack on the flank or in the rear.
Black Bill, coming almost head on, fired the
first shot. He recognized the gambler and
shouted terrible threats. Goss bore steadly
on, reserving his fire. Black Bill fired a
second shot and swung off to his right, tak-
ing the same course pursued by Moore.
Moore was so far off-side that Goss needed
to turn his hjead to watch him. A bullet
sang dangerously close to his head, fired by
the originator of the raid.

  Goss suddenly decided he was being out-
maneuvered. To guard against Moore he
must remove his gaze from Black Bill and
the third man. To reduce the odds he vio-
lently checked his mount and threw him-
self to the ground and crouched low. Dirt
flew up in his face. Bullets flew over his
head from three directions, and had the
men been afoot he doubtless would have
been mortally wounded or killed outright
before he could fire his first shot.

  He centered his attention on Moore long
enough to shoot once. Moore had wheeled
about and was racing toward him from the
Pards

109

left. The horse gave a scream of pain and
reared. Goss could not afford another in-
stant of attention in that direction as swift
hoofs were thundering down on him on his
right.

  At first he thought the horse was rider-
less and then discovered Black Bill was
hanging from the saddle like an Indian.
He brought down the Remington forty-four
and fired.

  The horse came to a plunging halt and
reared and stood so erect it seemed he must
topple over backward, then pivoted and
swung his rider into view. Instantly the
big gun boomed the second time, and Black
Bill’s hands relaxed, loosing the grip on the
saddle and dropping the gun. Goss saw the
man slide headlong to the ground, a foot
twisted in the stirrup, and shifted his atten-
tion to Moore as that worthy was emptying
his revolver and dusting the ground with
his lead. Moore was still mounted, but was
not rushing to close quarters.

  Goss fired at the dancing horse and saw it
give a convulsive jump. Then he jerked his
head about as shots sounded in the direction
of the cabin. The third rider, bending low
in the saddle and riding for life, was pound-
ing for the road to the west. The gambler
had a glimpse of a figure in the doorway of
the ranch firing a revolver, and wheeled to
give further attention to Moore. Behind
him boomed the detonations of several shots
but he could spare no time to learn how De-
Louge was faring.

  He began shooting at Moore who was
wildly snapping an empty gun. Moore
lurched sideways and almost lost his seat.
Then he dropped his weapon and slumped
forward and his frantic mount carried him
to the road and in the direction of Pueblo
at a mad gallop.

  Now the gambler was free to assist De-
Louge. He shifted his position, his big
gun empty, and drew the Colt. % He was in
time to witness the end of the fight. Young
Ellis was running from the house, shooting
after Moore. The girl stood in the doorway.
Waggle was down. The bullwhacker was
down. The third man, barely able to keep
in the saddle, was making back to the
road.

  DeLouge had fought from the saddle.
He slipped to the ground as Goss ran for-
ward. Ellis ceased firing and ran toward
the victors. His sister left the doorway and
slowly walked as far as the end of the house.

Although the danger was past the gambler

shouted to her—

  “Go back!”

  She had halted before he spoke. Now she
came on, her face white, her lips tightly
pressed together. When she came up to the
three silent men she whispered—

  “What have you saved us from?”
“Robbery, ma’am,” replied Goss. “These
men are rascals.”

  “Were rascals, you mean, Nate!” ex-
citedly corrected Ellis.

  DeLouge, with the glitter of battle still
lighting his dark eyes, swept off his hat and
bowed low, and politely added:

  “By good luck, madame, I found in
Pueblo the young man who had not been
here. While we were chatting about various
things we chanced to overhear these bandits
planning this visit. We rode after them.
You behold.”

  “You’ve killed them!” faintly cried the
girl, staring fearfully at the three prostrate
figures.

  DeLouge glanced over the battle field
approvingly and replied:

  “I trust so. No! There’s one who still
lives.”

  He walked toward Ed the bullwhacker.
“In God’s mercy, don’t kill any more!”
screamed the girl.

  DeLouge half turned and held up empty
hands, then kneeled to examine the groaning
man. Suddenly he seized the wretch by the
arm and yanked him to his feet and, in great
disgust, called out:

  “This rat is barely hurt. Creased along
the top of his shoulder.” Then to the ter-
rified bullwhacker. “You unspeakable-!

Catch one of those horses and never let me
see you again.”

  Groaning and yelping, the bullwhacker
managed to secure Waggle’s mount and
climbed into the saddle. The last they saw
of him he was drumming his heels and
galloping down the Pueblo road.

  “Please go into the house, ma’am,” Goss
begged of the girl.

  She wanted to speak but her lips trembled,
and without a word she ran to the house.

  “Now, Nate, what in sin does all this
shooting and killing mean?” demanded
Ellis, not yet recovered from his amaze-
ment. “I saw men riding up to the house
and opened the door. Then came a shot
and I closed the door and jumped for a gun.
From the window I recognized you. Then
110

Adventure

every one began shooting. I thought sure
you was hit when you quit your horse. I
fired at the man nearest the house, the one
who rode toward Canon City. But why did
they come here and what did they want?”
Goss explained the situation fully. Ellis
exclaimed:

  “I can’t expose Armie to danger like that!
I’m no coward, but I can’t run even a
shadow of a chance of harm coming to her.
And Moore’s one of those who got away!”
“He’ll never come back,” assured De-
Louge. “I know the breed. He didn’t dare
come this time without five to back him.
The really dangerous ones are dead. They
won’t try it again. Now let’s have a look.”
He lead the way to Waggle, who had been
shot between the eyes. They passed on to
Black Bill, dragged some distance before
his foot slipped free of the stirrup. He was
shot through the heart.

  “Only two out of six! What will Seth and
Snap think of that? They could have done
as well,” muttered DeLouge.

  “But neither of us is hurt and you creased
the bullwhacker and wounded your third
man. He could barely stick to the saddle
when he rode off. Moore is badly hurt.
I’ll vouch for that. My third man ran for
it without coming to close quarters. I think
we’ve done well,” Goss summed up.

  “Good land! Mr. DeLouge is hurt. His
trousers leg is bloody!” cried Ellis, glaring
at the southerner’s left leg.

  “That was Waggle’s first shot and he was
shooting at random,” explained DeLouge.
“Didn’t do any damage. I can walk.”
“Into the house while we have a look at
it,” ordered Goss.

  DeLouge demurred, not wishing to alarm
the girl. But the two insisted and soon had
him inside with his boot off and the trousers
leg cut away at the knee. • The bullet had
cut a furrow across the side of his leg above
the knee.

  He was ashamed at the fuss made over
it and was very apologetic to the girl, and
would have pulled on his boot and gone out-
side had she not brought a basin of hot
water and clean cloths. Then she motioned
the men away and washed the wound.

  “You mustn’t bother, young lady,” re-
monstrated DeLouge diffidently. “It’s only
a scratch. Amounts to nothing.”

  She said nothing until the wound was
cleansed and dressed. Then she told him:

  “I lied to you. I can’t imagine what ever

made me believe you were an enemy to Mr.
Goss. But I did believe it and I lied. And
you had seen the mule and knew all the time
I had lied. I told my brother you could be

very deadly, but that a woman needn’t ever
fear you. You didn’t even let me know you
had learned the truth by seeing that mule.
I’m so glad to find I was mistaken. To
know that you and Mr. Goss are friends!
They talk about a woman’s instinct. It’s
all foolishness, or just a catty disposition to
suspect strangers. I’m ashamed of myself.”
She turned away and came to a halt on
beholding the silent figures outside. One
moment they had been man-killing ma-
chines, and the next they were indifferent
to all of earth for all time. Her nerves quite
gave way. With a grimace of soul-sickness
she ran into the other room and closed the
door behind her, but she could not keep
them from hearing the sound of her
sobbing.

  “Too-bad we didn’t kill the skunks

out of sight of this house,” muttered De-
Louge. “-! But I can’t stand this. I

must get out. We must load them on
horses. Fetch a shovel, young man. Then
try to quiet your sister. It’s horrible.”
They loaded the dead men on horses,
DeLouge riding and Goss walking as they
moved down the road. For a mile they
packed their victims toward Pueblo and even
then were not satisfied until they had moved
half a mile back from the road. For, as
DeLouge said, it would not do to have re-
minders of the tragedy for the girl to behold
when she went away from the ranch.

    'p? IT WAS midday when they re-
y turned to the ranch house. Din-
(CfSjijk ner was ready but the girl did not
^*~i	sit down. She had recovered from

her spell of weeping and appeared to be com-
posed as she hovered about them, anxious
to anticipate their wants. Nor did young
Ellis have much of an appetite. When they
had finished and the table was cleared Goss
informed:

  “No one will claim that horse out there.
There’s another that’s running loose some-
where. You’re welcome to both of them,
Frank.”

“No,” Ellis sharply replied. “It’s ended.
“We want nothing to remind us of it.”
“We’ll take them back to Pueblo and
turn them over to the sheriff. By rights it
ought to be reported to the sheriff up at
Pards

hi

Canon,” said DeLouge. “And I’m glad to
see you’re yourself again, young lady.”

  She shook her head and told him:

  “It is very horrible. I thought I’d be
contented to stay here quite a while. Now
I feel different.”

  “You an go back to the river just as
soon as you can catch a wagon-train out
from Denver,” spoke up Goss, his dark face
bleak and hopeless. “You’re not shut in
here. The door is open. There’s the wagon
and nags that fetched you down here.”

  But DeLouge insisted:

  “Go when and where you will, Miss Ellis,
but don’t misjudge the country because of
what happened here this morning. There
are just as many brutes east of the Missis-
sippi. It was mighty unfortunate you had
to go through this but it won’t happen
again. The territory is better off without
those men. They had no redeeming quali-
ties whatever. But you won’t be bothered
again if you live here many, many years.”
“That’s true, ma’am,” eagerly agreed
Goss. “Why don’t you pay a visit to some
of your neighbors till you work into a better
frame of mind. Any of them will be mighty
pleased to have you. Feel perfectly free to
stay as long as you like, and no matter how
long you stay they’ll hate to have you leave
them.”

  “There’s Jesse Frazer!” cried Ellis. “He
called on us. Offered every kindness.
Wants to let us have hens and a cow or two.
We can ride over there, Annie. If you don’t
think better of it after talking with him and
his wife we’ll go back East.”

  DeLouge went out to look after his horse.
The girl timidly suggested—

  “Why don’t you stop here for awhile,
Mr. Goss?”

  “I’d like to. Better than anything else.
But you won’t need any protector. Frank
is enough to scare all bad men away. Be-
sides, no more of that breed will call here.
Pueblo is still laughing over the way Frank
handled Vince Moore. Moore will ride out
of the country as fast as horseflesh can carry
him. He’ll never come up this road again.
He didn’t dare come this time until he had
five to ride with him. Don’t get the notion
that every man out here is a ruffian. A
bigger per cent, are honest, decent men than
you’ll find in the East.”

  “I don’t think I’m afraid of anyone com-
ing here again, bringing trouble. I feel up-
set over this morning’s work. But I’m not

afraid. I didn’t mean that. You should

settle down. At least take a vacation from
your business.”

  “Gambling,” he corrected. “I’m already
planning something different. I may take
a whack at mining next season.”

  “Good! I’ll go with you,” cried Ellis.
“Only next season’s a long ways off. Stay
here and grow fat on Annie’s cooking.”

  Goss glanced through the window at De-
Louge who was waiting for him.

  “By and by I’ll come and visit for a few
days. Just now I have an important matter
to settle, one that DeLouge is interested in.
You two visit the Frazers. If I come and
you’re not at home I’ll ride over there and
hunt you up.” *

  The girl said nothing, but her brother was
both curious and a bit envious.

  “Is it mining, Nate. If so I might leave
Annie with the Frazers and try it once
more.”

  “Lead mine,” replied Goss and still star-
ing at DeLouge. “It won’t pay. You’d
be wasting your time. You’ll see me or hear
from me inside of two weeks. And I’d
rather stay here right now than to hold four
aces.”

  He abruptly shook hands with Ellis and
the girl and hurried out and swung into the
saddle.

  Ellis and his sister followed the gambler
and shook hands with DeLouge. He stared
over their heads to the ridgepole of the house
as the girl told him:

  “You, too, are always welcome. Come
and see us. We want you.”

  “You make me feel very proud,” he told
her, dropping his gaze. “I should prize
your hospitality greatly. You are very
brave and I wish you all sorts of good things.
But the chances are you won’t see me again,
as I shall ride south immediately to fight for
the Confederacy if my plans are not vio-
lently interrupted. Good-by.”

  He touched his horse and smartly gal-
loped away. Goss waved his hand and rode
to overtake him. In the road the gambler
looked back and waved his hand again at
the young couple, but DeLouge did not
turn his head. They covered several miles
in silence. Goss was the first to speak,
saying:

  “If I cash in they must never know the
how of it. One of today’s gang got me.
I’ve spoken of my money and the ranch I
own. That’s the ranch I bought. They
112

Adventure

think the former owner is lending it to
them.”

DeLouge threw up his head and his lips
twisted to one side in an ugly smile that dis-
closed some of his white teeth and asked—
“Why shouldn’t they know it’s your
ranch?”

  “Miss Ellis is sensitive. She wouldn’t
want to be beholden to me. Silly, of course,
but she’s lived all her life in an eastern
village among the same type of people.
She’s a bit humiliated as it is. So as long
as I Jive and she stays on the ranch she will
never know.”

  DeLouge’s head sank and for a few min-
utes he seemed lost injiis meditations.
Finally he asked—

  “You think you have a good chance to
get out of that fuss alive?”

  “Excellent,” assured Goss.

 “- your gall!” exploded DeLouge.

“You seem to be honing mighty keen for
that fight.”

  “You brought it to me and I’m ready.
I don’t hunt for trouble, but I can’t afford
to run away and always have it at my heels.
We’ll show down and one of us will take a
new hand, t’other will drop out of the game.”
“Keep your mouth shut, or we’ll settle
it right here in the road,” warned DeLouge
without raising his voice; and he spurred his
horse into a furious gallop.

  Goss maintained his steady pace and saw
his opponent dwindle to a speck down the
road, then disappear around a bend. He
was jogging along, regretting what was be-
fore him when he suddenly found the road
barred by DeLouge. Before he could speak
the southerner reined to one side so that
they were riding abreast and quietly ad-
vised :

  “If you’ve bought a ranch for those two
children, and if you hq.ve some money you
want to give them, tote it to them yourself.

I’m no-errand boy. The young lady

said I was ‘deadly’ to men I don’t happen

to like. I am. Deadly as- Keep that

in the front of your mind and be careful
what you talk.”

  Goss stared at him in perplexity and
finally requested—

  “Be so good as to hint just what subjects
I can safely mention.”

  The twisted face smoothed out and de-
spite the vicious scar, became almost hand-
some as DeLouge replied:

  “Such as—how long it’ll take me to make

Texas, and just where I’m likely to pick up
Seth and Snap.”

  “I don’t get your meaning. I certainly
don’t want to start a row till your leg’s all

right, but-”

  “It’s as plain as your boots,” interrupted
DeLouge. “There’s no fight between us.
We had our duel when we took on three
apiece. I bagged one and wounded two.
One of your men got away unscratched. I
won. You’re licked.”

  And for the first time Goss heard De-
Louge laugh in genuine amusement.

CHAPTER XI

GOSS TRIES A NEW GAME

HAVING once turned his thoughts to
prospecting, Goss discovered he fa-
vored the idea. For two years he had
lived in the gold camps and had felt rather
a pitying contempt for the miners’ rugged
efforts. But now that he was believing his
profession was passing from fashion, self-
respect demanded a shifting of his point of
view. So he came to decide that placer
hunting and developing constituted the
greatest gamble on the continent.

  Many Coloradans were beginning to think
the same. Eastern bankers having seen the
gold pouring in from western mines were
willing to take over mining properties. They
prided themselves that by a mechanical
system of exactness and by working on a
larger scale they could show profits such as
the original owners never dreamed of. The
result of this trend was to make the original
mine owners the most reckless and persistent
of all speculators.

  All the towns were talking shop. In-
numerable stories of fortunes cleaned up
over night by those who ceased to produce
and lived only to trade. Pueblo gossiped
as well as Denver. Goss’ ears were filled
with financial coups that made gambling
gains appear as trifles.

  He continued at the tables, however, al-
though the old zest was gone. He had a
feeling that he was closing out an unim-
portant business preliniinary to sitting in
the one big game on the continent. He
played as shrewdly as ever but with the
underlying thought of the golden adventure
awaiting him in the spring. He made
Pueblo his headquarters. But now that
cards had ceased to be his obsession he
Pards

113

picked his company more carefully. In
Pueblo he won a reputation for being erratic.

  He would drop into Allen’s, or some simi-
lar resort, and after looking about suddenly
announced he was not in the mood. On
the other hand he made a trip to Taos after
being told a man down there was a mighty
gambler. The trip ate into his reserve fund
to the extent of a thousand dollars. On the
whole his luck held good and his poker sense
grew even more astute. After the Taos trip
he ceased plunging plays and steadily in-
creased his winnings to something over five
thousand dollars. All the while he lived
with his old-time generosity.

  It was shortly after the Taos trip that
Jesse Frazer visited Pueblo. Having been
told much about Goss by Frank Ellis he
looked him up. Goss called it home news
and was hungry to listen as long as Frazer
would talk. They used up a long evening
at Tommy Suttle’s in discussing brother and
sister and the prospects for making the
ranch pay.

  “They’re young and they’re smart enough,
especially the girl,” declared Frazer. “But
I take it they have no binding arrangement
as to occupying the ranch. Ancient Days
is shiftless. Means well, but he may show
up any time busted. Then they’d have him
on their hands. If it wasn’t for that I’d say
they could make a mighty fine profit out
of the place once they got crops in and were
outfitted with stock and the like.”

  “Ancient Days will never bother them.
They can have the ranch as long as they like.
But that’s just between you and me until
I say different,” said Goss.

  Frazer gazed at him sharply and slowly
nodded his head, and remarked:

  “Good. Then they' have a fine piece of
property to develope. If they had some
money they could shorten up the time of
waiting. I had to start without even a
house and plow with a stick.”

  “I’m a great believer in short cuts,” said
Goss.

  He excused himself for a moment and
soon returned with a thousand dollars in
gold and gave the bag to Frazer, saying:
“You tell them that as a silent partner
I’m contributing a thousand for seed, imple-
ments, hens and hen house, two or three
cows with a suitable shelter or whatever
your judgment finds they need most.”

  “Why, that’ll fix them up handsome!
You must be mighty fond of them.”

  “I scarcely know Miss Ellis. I’m very
fond of Frank. I also consider it a good in-
vestment. Just so much the tables can’t
ever take away from me,” said Goss.

  In January Goss tired of Pueblo, or the
narrow routine of his vacation. He rode
up to Canon City, and timed his journey
so as to pass the ranchhouse long before sun-
rise. No smoke was rising from the chimney
and the occupants slept on, little dreaming
he was so near. He wanted to stop, at least
long enough to speak to them a bit, but he
put the temptation away and roughly in-
formed his horse:

  “None of that. We were to keep clear of
them. They must have their chance to
make their own play without us looking
over their shoulders. But we’ll drop in and
say howdy when we ride back.”

  On reaching Canon City he put up his
horse and went to bed to make up his sleep.
Late in the afternoon he went forth to hunt
a big game and found it, and played with
smashing success for half the night, then
with the worst of luck until after sunrise.
When he quit, heavy-eyed and weary, he
was but a few dollars ahead for all his te.bor
and shrewdness. At midnight he had been
nearly two thousand ahead.

  In grim derision he told himself—

  “Could have made more by digging post-
holes.”

HE SPENT much of the second
day sleeping and he was surprized
on awakening to find he was not
_ impatient to get back to the table.
This indifference annoyed him. He be-
lieved it augured bad luck. In a moody
frame of mind he went to Hall’s place and
the moment he entered the saloon he was
repaid for making the trip. Whip King,
with whip in hand, was at the bar, enter-
taining several men with more or less truth-
ful narratives.

  On beholding Goss he startled the group
by emitting a loud whoop. Then he rushed
on the gambler, greeting him boisterously
and dragging him to the privacy of a corner.

  “Hall told me you was down Pueblo way.
I was planning to go down and hunt you
up,” he began once they had the table and
drinks between them. “If this ain’t luck
then a circle of a horsehair lariat won’t stop
a snake! But you look a bit thinner or
older—darned if I know which. How’s
luck?”
ii4

Adventure

  “So, so. No kick. But perhaps I need
to lay off the game awhile. Don’t hanker
for cards as I used to. Saw Euclid here
three months ago. Know where he is?”
“Denver, or back East. Place for crazy
folks is where he belongs,” growled Whip
King. “He was in Denver two weeks ago.
That feMer dis’pointed me. Saved him from
a mob after he’d assayed a piece of grind-
stone to run a fortune in gold per ton, and
picked him out for my work as a humdinger.
He seemed to have such a way with him.
Make folks think he was simple and just
the kind to find out things I wanted to
know. Then all he did was to get caught
by Injuns. Promised to meet me in Cali-
fornia Gulch and wandered off to be picked
up by Injuns. He told me all about your
doings among the Utes. As a detective he
ain’t worth a broken-legged steer.”

  “Detective?” gasped Goss, for once
shaken out of his composure.

  Whip King grinned and explained:
“Ordnance Department of the Army of
the Frontier hired me to round up some of
the cusses who was running off lots of stock,
also them who’re passing counterfeit money,
running guns into Texas, and such tricks.
You never knew how close young Ellis came
to being snagged.”

  “You a detective!” repeated Goss.
“Eights and aces! Wonder you didn’t
arrest me. And why didn’t you arrest Ellis
in Denver?”

  “Maybe I should have. But I wasn’t
interested in who killed Skillings. He
oughter been killed long before. And I
didn’t believe the youngster did it. But
if I’d believed he was working with Skillings
in passing counterfeit money I’d a nabbed
him quick enough.”

  “And Euclid was working for you?”

  “I thought he was,” grumbled Whip
King. “He had spells when I’d swear he
was a jim-dandy for my work. That fool
way of his would let him in anywhere. But
he couldn’t keep his eyes on the wagon rut.
Too much dreaming. So he quit, and I’ve
shifted over to work for the quartermaster of
the Denver post. I shouldn’t be breathing a
word of this to you, but sometimes I feel
I’ll bust if I don’t tell some one something.
And I know you’re close-mouthed. Just now
I’m keen to find Vince Moore, Bill Waggle
and Black Bill. They’re wanted for lifting
stock and passing bogus money, running
guns south, and a few other things.”

  “It’s plain you haven’t been asking many
questions here in Canon,” mused Goss.

  “Just been old Whip King, about to take
a wagon train back to the River,” chuckled
Whip King.

  “The affair has been kept mighty quiet,”
continued Goss. “Their friends haven’t
made a yip, and my friends haven’t. Moore
is probably in Old Mexico. He headed for
there. If you trail the two Bills till you find
them you’ll have to ride about eight miles
down the valley and turn in from the road.
With their boots on.”

  Then he satisfied Whip King’s consum-
ing curiosity by recounting the fight at the
ranch.

  “Life and.grief!” exclaimed Whip King,
softly pounding his big fist on the table.
“Why, Nathan, you oughter be hired by the
quartermaster to just go round and kill off
bad characters. Look here, Nathan, you
come with me. We’ll be a team with an
ugly dog under the wagon.”

  “No. It’s good work and must be done,
but I wouldn’t like it,” refused Goss. “Just
now I’m thinking of taking a whack at
placer mining.”

  “Placer-mining? Bah! It’s seen its best
days. If you hanker to git into that, you
should a started two years ago when you
was playing the different camps. Besides,
it ain’t your game. You’ll just cut open a
dog if you try it and end up by waiting on
some one’s grub table like young Ellis
did.”

  “I think I shall try it. If I have bad luck
I can at least say I’m a miner and gambler
when folks ask what’s my business,”

  Whip King slowly swallowed his drink
and conceded:

  “If it takes you out of the gambling busi-
ness it’ll be worth while even if you never
find anything except slate and cactus. Any-
way, your news saves me a trip to Pueblo,
which I don’t hanker to visit. The last
time I was there the postmaster had set a
barrel of mail out in the road to show he had
quit. Only difference between quitting and
holding the job was about ten feet. When
postmaster he dumped the mail on the floor
of his shebang and left it for folks to paw
over and take what they wanted. When he
quit he moved it into the road.”

  “Now what about Frank Ellis? Are they
still looking for him?” asked Goss.

  “Land, no! Some rumpus when he didn’t
show up to testify against that Leaper. Had
Pards

US

to let Leaper go. He went up north.* Now
he’s forgotten.

  He can go back to Denver anytime and
no one will bother him.”

  Goss did not show much elation at this
pi^px>f news. “I’ll tell him when I ride
dcron the valley,” he simply said. “He and
his sister will be glad to pull out, I believe.
As to prospecting, it’s largely a notion. I
mayn’t think well of it when the season
opens. Getting so I’m about sick of every-
thing.”

  “You come along with me,” urged Whip
King. “I can dish up more excitement for
you in a day than you’ll find in a year at the
card table or in hunting for the gold that
ain’t there. Fighting corral all the time,
heads to the center. Since I saw you last
I’ve been in places that’s worse’n the bite
of a Platte mosquito. And one of them can
kill a mule. Game on tonight? I might
sit in. And how long are you stopping
here?”

  “I’m riding early in the morning, Whip
King. If I change my mind and want to
join you I’ll look you up. As to a game, I’m
feeling out of luck just now.”

   Whip King laughed loudly and jeered:

  “Out of luck? Don’t feel like playing?
Why, time it gits dark you’ll refuse a hand
just like the wind will stop whistling over
Pike’s Peak. But for profit and from a busi-
ness point of view it’ll pay you better to rob
stages. I’m inclined to think I’d rather take
my chance at holding up a stage than to
know that sometime I’d be a broken-down
gambler.”

   He rose and Goss got to his feet and with a
nod made for the door.

   “See you tonight,” Whip King called after
him.

  They did not meet that night, however,
as Goss retired early and was in the saddle
at sunrise. He did much sober thinking as
he covered the six miles to the ranch, for he
found he had something of a fight to wage.
The Ellis’s were remaining on the ranch
from fear for Frank’s safety. Goss tried to
persuade himself the young man was better
off where he was than to be returning
penniless to the east. Once the girl knew
her brother stood in no danger she would be
quick to quit the territory.

   •Montana. Hanged for robbing an Indian agent. Rocka-
 fellow's History of Fremont Co., Col.

  The two were at breakfast when he rode
up to the door and cheerily called out. He
barely had time to notice a long hen house,
and a cow hovel beyond the horse corral
before brother and sister were out the door
to greet him.

  “Hullo, partner,” joyously saluted Ellis.
“Come in! Come in! Thanks to you we’ve
made a fine start.”

  The girl gave him her hand and boasted:
“All the fresh eggs you can eat. Not
common eggs, but ranch eggs.”

  She appeared to be genuinely pleased to
see him, and after they had entered the
house she proudly pointed to a blank-book,
neatly made from wrapping paper, and
invited:

  “Accounts of the firm. Open to inspec-
tion. Look It over when you’ve eaten.
Mr. Frazer says this is a good business
proposition and that you’ll get your money
back with good interest. So we accepted it.
We had to accept it as he said he didn’t
know where you were or how the money
could be returned. He did the buying
for us.”

  “That’s fine. It’s the one good invest-
ment I ever made,” heartily declared Goss.

  “Only trouble is the chance that Ancient
may want the place back any time. If we
could lease it for a term of years with the
privilege of buying we’d feel safer,” spoke
up Ellis.

  “I’ll guarantee Ancient won’t bother you.
He hasn’t any use for crops,” assured the
gambler. “We’ll fix it to buy when the
time’s ripe.”

  “You’re to put no more money into the
ranch,” hastily interrupted the girl. “And
no more business talk till you’ve eaten.
Draw up a chair. Coffee is hot. Bacon
and eggs hot. I do the cooking so you must
praise it.”,

  Goss ate with much gusto but had a poor
appetite for a man riding six miles to his
breakfast. After he had finished he sud-
denly informed them:

  “Frank isn’t wanted for anything. Met
his and my friend, called Whip King, at
Canon City yesterday. He’s working for
the government at weeding out rascals from
the territory. He says Frank can go back
to Denver, go anywhere, and that no one
will trouble him. I’m mighty pleased to be
able to bring such good news.”

TO BE CONTINUED
STEAM PIRACY

by R. W. Knight

ERHAPS the most curious, pictur-
esque and only attempt at steam
piracy was made by a Mexican
boat, the Marquis de la Habana,
commanded by a Mexican general. In the
annals of history it is the only case of steam
piracy known.

  A Mexican general, by the name of Mira-
mon, acting as the principal representative
of the Mexican Conservative party, char-
tered at Havanna the former slave ship
Marquis de la Habana.

  The original plan of this Mexican and his
friends was to land at Vera Cruz and bring
about a revolution, a semi-annual affair in
that country.

  Unfortunately for Miramon, when his
steamer appeared off Vera Cruz and de-
clined to show the flag of any recognized
country, the United States fleet, then cruis-
ing in Mexican waters, forbade him to land.
This unforeseen interference placed Mira-
mon in a distressing situation. He had but
little capital and his crew were already
clamoring for the generous wages promised
them.

  However he or some other ingenious per-
son aboard brought forward a plan that
would easily make them wealthy with no
great risk to themselves.

  Their steamship the Marquis de la Ha-
bana was a boat of about six hundred tons
and armed with a modern brass rifled
twenty-four-pound pivot and one or two
old fashioned thirty-two-pounders; a ship
so armed could easily carry out their plans
and make a speedy and successful exit.

  Their plan was to stop and plunder one of
the California “treasure” steamers, carrying

large quantities of gold from California to
New York. This was all before the building
of trans-continental railroads. The gold
was shipped to Panama from San Francisco
by boart; across the Isthmus by rail to Aspin-
wall; from there to New York by one of
Col. Vanderbilt’s side-wheel steamers.
There were few ocean cables in those days
of i860, so that to broadcast the news and
trace the pirates would be a difficult task.

  The crew of the Habana eagerly accepted
the new standard offered them. They
were, at best, the motley riffraff of the
Southern ports.

  But the Fates were against them. In
some way, probably by treachery, Com-
mander Jawis of the U. S. sloop-of-war,
Saratoga, was informed of the plot. He
immediately set forth in search of them.

  On March 6th the Saratoga sighted the
Marquis de la Habana anchored off Point
Anton Lizordo. Miramon attempted to
escape; was overtaken and ordered to sur-
render. He answered by firing twice from
his pivot gun. At this declaration of
hostilities the Saratoga gave them a broad-
side. The contest ended in a short while,
Miramon surrendering. Some twenty Mex-
icans were killed and wounded. Many
escaped ashore in small boats.

  The Saratoga placed a prize crew aboard
the Marquis de la Habana and sent her to
New Orleans, “as being a pirate on the high
seas.”

  It is doubtful if Miramon and his con-
federates were jailed, for General Miramon
was later a staunch supporter of Emperor
Maximilian during his short reign in
Mexico.
Author of “Wild. Gas,” "'Puck's Broken Paroleetc.

         ^RKNESS lay on the face of the
waters still, although far away
down in the east it was quite
bright. At some considerable
distance an unseen ship was still showing
her lights, which twinkled and glimmered
steadily. From time to time a black form,
“like some great uncouth bat,” a cormorant
in point of fact, flapped heavily seaward
over the mighty, steady, breathing heaves
that represented calm to the ocean in that
place. From half a mile away or so, where
the cliffs reared sheer a stupendous black
rampart to the seas and the mountains
tumbled down to the shore, came deep, cav-
ernous, sullen gurglings, moanings, loud
thunders and awful long-drawn sighs, as the
breakers broke in spume and lost them-
selves among the giant caves. Those were
the only sounds upon the face of the waters,
and away from them a mighty silence, the
all-pervading, mysterious, brooding silence
of the sea lay over all.

  Then suddenly, so suddenly that a cormo-
rant passing in carelessly low flight at that
moment coughed out a quick hollow grunt
of terror, the black, glassy surface of the sea
broke in a glimmer of spray, as there rose
and uprose, as it were a column of marble,
a great, tapering, torpedo-shaped, living,
shining body of ghostly white perhaps
twenty, or it may have been twenty-two, or
four or mpre, feet long—but I dp not know,
because no one was ever found who dare
measure it.

  For a moment it hung there, balanced,

poised, with the snarl and seethe of the
water falling from it all around, ere, with
an awful, soulless, yearning, hungry sigh it
curved and, in one superb rolling plunge,
vanished from sight. It was a grampus, or
“killer,” or officially the terrible and dread
Orca Gladiator—wolf of the seas.

  There followed a pause of perhaps five
minutes, and then, going at extraordinary
speed, a form, glistening and wet, like that
of some big fish, but it was a porpoise really,
shot literally from the surface into the air,
curved, hit the water again and vanished.

  Close behind it, seething with the terrific
speed at which it cut the waves, a high,
straight, simitar-like, jet-black vertical fin
shot along the surface and vanished also.
But instantly almost again the porpoise
broke into sight, darted along the surface
with one last flurry and leaped for its life as
a huge, blunt, round, smooth, jet-black and
shining head with wicked, perfectly cruel
little eyes, no visible ears and only a long-
ish oval patch of spotless, flashing white
behind its eyes to relieve its ebon hues, shot
up beneath it with enormous mouth agape.

  There was one single appalling clash as
the great jaws shut;, a spurt of blood; the
mighty, odd-shaped blunt head turned over,
the high, cutting back fin cut a little white
frill of foam upon the dark waves for a sec-
ond or two and—nothing.

Both creatures, both beasts—for they
were animals, or more strictly mammals,
with hot blood in their veins, and breathing
through their noses, same as us, for all their
117

^sVolves of the Sea

          Jy F. St. Ivlars
118	Adventure

fishy appearance—had vanished entirely.

  One of them, the porpoise, had vanished
forever from this world, for at a single snap
the black monster of the deep had eaten
him alive.

  But he was not gone, that monster, for in
a minute he was up again and undulating
with a wonderful long, swift, switch-back
motion along the surface, all twenty-odd
feet of him, and then it was seen that he
was not all black, but only black above
water-line, and below water-line was white
with that wonderful whiteness which only
creatures of the sea know, and with a curious
white fluke mark curving forward and up
behind the large, rounded flippers.

  He was, in fact, the grampus, as indeed
his speed attested, for few there are that
can match the wolf of the sea in speed on
the face of the deep.

  He was heading inshore toward the tow-
ering cliffs and in a very few minutes, as he
swerved and began to work his way along
the foot of them—-only his high knife-like
back fin and the horizontally set, not ver-
tically as in fishes, flukes of his tail showing
above water—one began to guess why. His
purpose was a bad one as the purpose of
the dread kilier always is.

  The light was increasing slightly, and one
or two gulls, specters floating overhead, had
begun to appear and here and there a little
black guillemot, his wings whirring and
the white half-moon on them winking with
alternate exposure and eclipse, was flying
low out to sea to dive and fish. Once a
snowy white fulmar petrel—that big cousin
of the little stormy petrel—poised ghost-
like and in dead silence above the tell-tale
high, sharp back-fin cutting the water as its
owner hunted swiftly along.

  Even a back-fin can give expression; it can
speak, it seemed. That menacing, shark-
like, upright, pointed appendage spoke.
It was evidently looking for something,
hunting up and down like a wolf on a trail,
for something it knew was there. At any
rate, that was the impression it gave, and I
fancy the impression was right.

  Then suddenly it stopped, and the great
rounded blunt head of its owner came up,
with its gleaming white throat, its white
patches behind the eyes. Then, as the swell
lifted him, the little wicked eyes of the
killer got a clear view of what was ahead.

He beheld a big, amphitheater-like inlet
among the cliffs, several wet slabs of rock,

lifted above the swell, shining in the new
light, and upon them, lying lazily, dozing
on their sides, on their backs, anyhow, any

way, except the orthodox one of the picture
books, were perhaps a dozen common seals.
Another seal was in the water, apparently
sound asleep, coming up from and going
down to the bottom like a lemon pip in a^
glass of lemon squash, and another seal was
in the water playing with a bunch of sea-
weed like a kitten.

  In the center of the picture was a great
bloated, whiskered beast—great only if the
killer was not by—straight on end, with
his enormous puffed muzzle pointing to
heaven, bobbing like a bottle. Beside the
common seals he was a giant. Beside the
killer he was—not a giant.

  The books say great gray seals off British
coasts run to six feet long, but this blown
out creature would never see six feet again,
although he must have been a great gray
seal.

  In one swift glance the killer took in the
scene, marked his prey, the great gray seal,
gave his peculiar sidelong roll, and dived—

sounded.

THROUGH the foggy green
depths, still as if petrified, lighted
only by a circle of dazzling gold
above, the terrible killer hurled
his mighty bulk along in the form of a gi-
gantic luminous bubble, a wonderful shad-
owy, shooting, hurtling, shapeless some-
thing, silent as all things under the sea are
silent—as death itself.

  He reached the location under his prey
and curved up like some enormous flash,
undulating always with body and horizon-
tally fluked tail in that method of swim-
ming peculiar to all the whale and dolphin
people. His great rounded muzzle showed
for a moment above the surface, and then,
as he rolled over and darted down, his big
flipper flashed—“finning,” they call this—
in the sun. He had missed. The great
gray seal was not there.

  Ahead, leading straight down to the
black mouth of a mighty cavern in the
cliffs, a train of silver bubbles ran, and they
were the track of his prey, warned ap-
parently in some inexplicable way of his
presence. He could follow him there if he
liked, and he did not like. No pounding
about by breakers in spiky sea grottos for
him. He was too big for that.
Wolves of the Sea

   Without a fraction of a second’s pause he
swerved and, with amazing speed that he
had never checked, in fact, dashed to the
mouth of the inlet, shooting straight across
it. A cod, like a blob of light streaked with
a silver flash as it turned from his path; a
cormorant, diving for breakfast, darted off
at a tangent like a magnified black pearl,
and then a luminous green bottle—at least
it looked like that, but it was a seal—went
down, as a shooting star falls, below him.

   Then it was seen what is the full meaning
of the speed of the killer in the water. The
huge, expressionless animal merely quick-
ened the undulations of his tail and of his
whole body, simply switch-backed the more
violently through the mysterious, still, cold,
green underworld, and he literally flew
along, so that the speed of the seal—and
that same seal had hunted down a salmon,
mark you, in fair chase not an hour before-
seemed pitifully inadequate before him.

  But how can I describe to you how that
poor hunted seal dodged, how flashed, how
turned, how darted, only in the end to be
remorselessly overtaken for the tenth time
and engulfed in one awful chop of the great
jaws. Then there was—well, only the half
of a seal, sinking to the bottom. A second
chop, and there was no seal at all.

  After that the wolf of the seas headed
steadily out to the offing, till, when about a
quarter of a mile out, he was joined, first by
one, then another, then other killers, rising
mysteriously simply from nowhere, and
falling in his wake, spouting and blowing
like jets of vapor in the cold air, as their
great leader, for leader he appeared to be,
taking no more notice of them—horribly
expressionless creatures they are—than if
they had been bits of floating seaweed,
headed steadily Northwest.

  There were eight killers in that herd.
They call it herd but that is an absurd
term, and ‘pack’ would be better; some were
about thirteen, some fifteen, one twenty,
-and the great old leader over twenty feet
long. Apparently they had sent their lead-
er in to beat prey away from the rocks, for
them, apparently, but what was the real
truth I do not pretend to know.

   The pack now traveled swiftly and fairly
straight, either undulating through and
over the waves more or less on view, or else
just below the surface when only their
high, sharp shark-like back-fins showed.
Occasionally the whole pack would sound

and go down still undulating, always undu-
lating, in fact, so far as I could see, so that
it seemed practically their only motion, and
gave them a strange appearance of having
arms imprisoned and of taking part, as it
were, in a perpetual sack race.

  This appearance of being enclosed in a
sack and of ceaselessly struggling to get out
of it is characteristic of these wonderful fish
who are not fish, who with their limbs for-
ever imprisoned in their own skin yet out-
swim the very fish themselves.

  As for the seals, they are quite different,
of course.

  When the pack went down in this way it
scattered, and there invariably followed a
great commotion and silvery flashing and
darting of fish. Each killer then chased
what it could on its own for a minute or two,
snapping up great cod, flounder and halibut
many pounds in weight, as if they were but
a mouthful, which they were, but invariably
returning to the surface again to fall each
into his allotted place in the line of the pack
to continue the steady, swift, northward
journey.

  Once they came into a mighty sound,
booming and thundering over the pathless
deep, as if warships were carrying out big
gun practise there, or as if a gigantic land-
slide were taking place somewhere unseen.
So tremendous were the colossal roaring
sounds that the human ear even, which is
comparatively dull, would have heard them
plainly several miles away, and the killers
apparently heard them farther or quite as
far.

  Naturally one expected them to give the
vicinity of that stupendous booming their
entire room, but, strangely enough, they did
not. On the contrary, in fact, the old lead-
er swung his great round nose round till it
was pointing direct west-northwest, which
is to say, straight toward the din, and he
headed in that direction, followed by the
rest, at speed—if not at full speed, for I
do not know whatever full speed a killer is
capable of putting up.

  Swiftly, therefore, they came up to the
uproar, which at close quarters was deafen-
ing. And no wonder, for there before
them, alone with Nature and stupendous,
was a school of whales, leaping high and
straight, clear out of the water into the air
and falling back with a thunder and up-
heaval that shook the very air, and, well,
those whales did not measure more than
120

Adventure

between sixty and seventy feet long, most
likely.

  It was nothing to them, this hurling of
sixty-five feet of blubber, skin and bone,
weighing heaven alone knows how many
tons, high into the air with the agility and
abandon of a salmon.

  It was nothing to the killers. They saw
that the whales were common rorquals, or
fin-whales, and that there were plenty of
them, so they sheered off and left them
alone, rorquals being mighty active beasts,
not so inclined to surrender to fate and their
enemies as most. But to us the phenom-
enon seems wonderful enough.

ONCE, too, about two hours la-
ter, they came upon four seals—
fall-outs from a big traveling
herd—swimming together. The
seals went straight away, often getting along
over the surface like a thrown pebble play-
ing ducks and drakes, and at really amaz-
ing speed; and twice they dived to an
enormous depth, but they had not such
thick, oily blubber to withstand the great
cold and greater pressure as the relentlessly
pursuing killers had, and were forced to
come up. In the end, therefore, they
scattered, as their last chance, and two of
them, leaping high again and again, like
pursued fish in desperation, were swum
down and tom to pieces by the ravenous
wolves of the sea.

  Once, also, but that was way along
toward the afternoon—for time did not
seem to count with these emotionless beasts
that traveled and traveled like so many
engines, a peculiarity of their tribes, and a
habit they were doomed to from birth to
death—once also, I say, the air began
gradually to get colder. It had not been
anything within reach of warm, anyway,
but now it began to get cruel and nobody
seemed to feel surprized when there opened
up, towering and glistening, white, blue,
tremendous and indescribably mysterious,
an iceberg.

  The old leader of the killers, directly the
cold in air and water warned him, had
altered course toward it, and now he was
taking a hungry view of the wonder from
the top of every swell he crested. It was
some iceberg, too.

  A nearer inspection and a careful scout
round two sides of the dazzling walls—oh,
that bitter water and that knife-like blast—

revealed to him the fact that the berg was
inhabited by three polar bears and a dozen
or two gulls. It had evidently but lately
broken away from pack-ice off a land prom-
ontory, and would soon strand off another,
no doubt, and some of the pack ice lay float-
ing close by, and upon that pack ice were
twenty and one seals.

  At least, there were twenty-and-one seals
when the old killer and his gang—repre-
sented solely by warning high, pointed
back-fins—first appeared out of the depths.
One of the bears, however, essayed a beau-
tiful stalk upon the seals of the pack ice
and, swimming across mostly under water,
captured one neatly. He was returning to
the berg with his prize when things went
wrong and events began to happen some-
how.

  The knowing seals suddenly trailed past
him in mad panic, going like the wind, all
but four who wisely pulled out on to the ice
at once, and he, after one look below the
the surface, swam for that iceberg as he had
seldom swum before.

  He reached the iceberg, all right, moving
at a great rate, with the peculiar round nose
of the old killer a dozen yards behind his
apology for a tail! Also he began to
scramble up, was scrambling up, in fact,
and had, to all intents and purposes, got
beyond possible argument, when the great
black and gleaming nose of the killer shot
up and, heaving his great body on end, with
one ponderous, convulsive spring, grabbed
the bear by one hind leg.

  Now polar bears do not admit suzerainty
where they live and this bear was a big one.
Also the polar bear is about the biggest
proposition in the claw and tooth fine of all
the bears.

  There followed an awful roaring, growling,
wrenching, tearing, splashing inferno, as
the bear, fighting as only a polar bear can,
every inch of the way, came down slowly,
sliding in a small avalanche of ice and snow
and a fog of spray. What he might have
done single handed, or pawed perhaps I
should say, against the grampus, is nothing
but guesswork—a big chunk out of the lat-
ter’s blubber, and two red-hot claw scrapes
seemed to suggest that he would not have
died easily—but it did not matter anyway.

  There was a gleaming flash of white, a
snap, an awful growling howl; another of
equally gleaming black, another snap, an-
other and more awful growling howl. That
Wolves of the Sea

121

represented two more killers rising on end
to help their leader. Then all vanished
together in one fearful, churned-up, froth-
ing, red boil, which lapped at the ice and
dissolved to a smother of pink foam, which
calmed to bottle-green, crimson - flecked.
Then, one after the other, the killers began
to come to the surface, gripping chunks of
polar bear, and diving again—“lob tailing,”
they call it—for more.

  An hour later, the ominous pirate back-
fin of the big killer rose to and cut along
the surface far from the iceberg, and alone.
He was traveling very fast and with sug-
gestive purposefulness. Behind him a pink
streak dyed the jade green waves occasion-
ally. The gap in his great cheeks which
the dying bear’s fangs had torn, although
nothing to worry about to such a beast as
he, was bleeding still somewhat, and there
had been a tendency on the part of the next
largest grampus of the herd, a twenty-foot
male, to lead the others to turn upon him.

  They would not have chanced it them-
selves, at least not with one so strong and so
slightly injured. Only, excited with blood
lust as they were at the moment, this rival
for leadership of the herd—and incidental-
ly, the possession of the pick of the killer
“flappers”—might have induced the rest to
back his attack.

  Wherefore the old grampus, descending
suddenly like a stone to an enormous depth,
had given them the slip in the pit-like black-
ness, tremendous pressure and appalling
still cold down below, and was heading now
northwestward alone, hoping probably that
they were not following the blood trail and
keeping up a speed o’ knots till that same
blood trail should cease.

  Naturally he was not in the best of tem-
pers and, of course, he was hungry. Never,
indeed, have I known him when he was not
hungry, and rarely in a sweet mood.

        FOR one or both of these rea-
sons, perhaps, he turned from his
course half a point to investigate
a small sailing ship that lay, all
sails set, careening gaily away off between
him and the setting sun, but she looked like
a cluster of rosy pearls. A school of about
a dozen common long-beaked dolphins
were careering jovially round the shroud-
purpled bows of the ship—for your com-
mon dolphin is ever a companionable and
light-hearted creature—the largest of them

boasting perhaps seven and a half feet from
beak-tip to fluke tail-tip.

  And it seemed to the killer that one of
these would be an altogether desirable
meal—or course, rather—for though armed
with many teeth, what is a six or seven foot
playful dolphin to the awful hunger fury of
a twenty-and-the-rest-foot killer?

  The killer ceased to exist for a space, till
he reappeared in the shape of that hated,
dreaded, perpendicular fin point—loathed
nearly wherever seas flow—hissing through
the bottle-green waves, straight as a ruled
line toward an outlying, or out-sporting,
dolphin.

  The dolphin, “breaching”—leaping out of
the water—at that moment, saw his doom
coming and promptly let out for the stern
of the ship, sounding—just as a bird pursued
by a falcon towers to a height—to a good
depth as he went.

  The killer followed and was too quick for
him though. The terrific speed of the
killer’s hurtling rush beat even the torpedo-
like velocity of the dolphin and headed him
back to the surface, where he breached again
only just in time to save himself from his
foe’s merciless chopping jaws.

  The grampus was just about to breach
too, when something happened which made
him “round”—roll to go down—with a
suddenness that set the water hissing be-
hind.

  The whining song of a bullet passing close
above his head, and the butting, smacking
clap of a rifle report from the sailing vessel
came almost together.

  Now once, long ago—goodness and him-
self alone know however long ago it must
have been—the old killer had been wound-
ed by a rifle bullet, and he had never forgot-
ten the bang and the excruciating pain that
accompanied that episode. He spun like
a top, therefore, and hurtled away head-
long, only to charge all but full tilt into—!
Great flukes and mighty flippers! What,
in the name of Father Neptune himself, was
this?

  It seemed as if an island or half the sea-
bed or some little trifle of that kind had
chosen that moment to rise very suddenly
and very swiftly right smack under his
round nose. It was not so much a mass, it
was a mountain, dark bluish gray, shining
and alive.	*-

  The killer, going astern and porting his
helm hard, so to speak, watched it come up,
122

Adventure

foot after foot, yard after yard, ten feet after
ten feet. One twelve-foot monster that was
only a flipper of the miracle came up and
over, sending him—him, the big one, mind
you—scuttling out of its way as it struck
the water with a crash that might have
scattered his brains.

  The mighty Greenland whale, giant of
the frozen Arctic, the killer had seen and the
monster sperm, or cachelot, hugest thing
that grows out of the huge Pacific he had
set eyes on, but neither of these, though
they dwarfed all else known, showed tre-
mendous after the fashion of this stupendous
leviathan.

  It was not a whale at all; it was a super-
whale. As a matter of fact, though—what
a poky, every-day little beggar fact is—it
rejoiced in the style and title, full and
official, of Sibbald’s Whale—balcenoptera
Sibbaldi—the sulfur-bottom of the whalers.

  This conveys nothing of what the old
grampus saw rising monstrously above the
lapping swell there before him, except that
whoever Mr. Sibbald may have been, his
discovery must have given him a won-
drous fright, and made him wonder if his
brain was going. In point of truth, that old
grampus beheld, lying there along the
green, lapping water, casting a far-reaching
and terrible shadow in the light of the set-
ting sun, eighty-six and a half feet of whale,
living and alive—eighty-six and one-half
English feet. Got it? Some animal, aye?

  The miracle had been following that ship
for twenty-one days. Goodness knows
what for. Perhaps to capsize her, which
would have been bad, and has been done
by smaller, though great, whales before.
Perhaps to make love to her—which would
have been a good deal worse. I know not;
nor did the captain and crew of the ship.
They did not get nervous, you understand.
Oh, dear me, no. They only longed ardent-
ly for the absence of that living volcano.
They even fired at it with a rifle—as the
old killer knew, nearly to his cost—had
fired at it repeatedly, but to no purpose.
No, of course not. As well shoot a hippo-

potamus with an air gun and very much
more safely.

  And it was at that awkward and precise
moment that the herd or school or pack, or
whatever you please to call it, of the killers,
led by the rival twenty footer, hot on the trail
of our wicked old friend, chose to turn up.

  The runaway old leader had no delusions.
He turned, rounded and went straight at the
white and gleaming belly—but it looked
green and neutral under water—of his foe,
and that foe, that rival,, taken a little by
surprize at the fury of his headlong rush,
was forced to breach.

  It was a pretty shot, and killers are not
beloved, even by sailormen. The moun-
tain named after Mr. Sibbald had made the
owner of the rifle a laughing stock, and he
was only too glad to do some good with a
bullet or two. The little projectile, going
at something over a thousand feet per sec-
cond—that is to say, just ahead of the
sound of the report that went with it—hit
the long, gleaming column of the leaping
grampus fair on the side, with a nasty, thick,
perfectly audible thtt.

  Then that killer heeled over, and went
down in a cloud of spray, just as the biggest
of all the whales began to round and spout
a vapory column as high, it seemed, as the
masts. And the old killer went down with
his rival—down, down, down; past green fog
and cod; past twilight and cuttle-fish; past
pale night and nameless shadows; to black,
black, night, nameless cold and gray-white
slime.

AND when the old killer even-
tually appeared once more upon
the sea’s surface, he was alone.
Gory he was, and fearful to look
upon, but he was alone and fearless.

  The mighty whale had sunk, the herd of
killers were scattered, chasing still more
scattered dolphins, and there was nothing
on the seas, or under the seas, to prevent
the old reprobate of a killer from eloping
shoreward with the brightest hued, and most
shapely of all the flapper killers, which he did.
Qhe Setting’
of S urxrise

by A. lex. McLaren

Author of “A Eimrock Judas," “Scrambled Brainsefc.

UNRISE came into existence du-
ring those hectic days of mining
madness when the mere report of
one rich assay sufficed to mush-
room a town on to the map over night. But
no town, boom or otherwise, can subsist
indefinitely upon a wildcat diet. The rich
assay was never duplicated, people left like
rats forsaking a leaky ship, and Sunrise was
doomed to a place among the ghost towns
of the West.

  A few remained to take pot luck with the
bats, rattlers and other denizens of the
desert in possession of crumbling shacks and
wind-swept streets.' Some remained for
reasons purely sentimental—most certainly
not based upon good judgment; others
lacked the funds to move with; and others,
too lazy to stir out in search of new diggings,
followed the lines of least resistance in the
chairs on Reagan’s saloon porch from morn-
ing till night. All formed a little band of
hope and looked to “Colonel Blevins” for
council and leadership.

  The Colonel was sole owner, editor and
general factotum of The Desert Lyre, a sheet
which had been moved to and from, and had
lied in, half the boom camps of Nevada,
until now its few fonts of type and its clanky
old press fairly shuddered at the sight of a
desert freighter.

  Colonel Blevin’s right to the title was
never fully explained, unless by the gentle-
man’s weakness for blending old bourbon
with the juice of crushed mint, his Southern
accent and, in the absence of old bourbon,

a somewhat truculent nature. The in-
habitants let it go at that and asked no
question. Any man with those characteris-
tics has a perfect right to be addressed as
Colonel. «

  The slump caught him long on printing
supplies and short on cash, too short to
consider moving. He accepted the big
frog in the little puddle philosophy as his
excuse for remaining, and tried to convince
himself and every one he came in contact
with that Sunrise would be brought into the
fold of production, but through the agency of
The Desert Lyre only.

  He kicked “Sleepy” Wilson’s dog out of the
line of march, and paraded his two hundred
and odd pounds of pomposity up and down
the length of Reagan’s saloon porch. As
usual, the Colonel was in an oratorical mood.

  “Gentle—men,” he said to the hopeful
and ever present assembly, “advertising—
the judicious application of printer’s ink
only will allay this civic decay. The proud-
est day of my life will be when I can stand
here and point out countless tall hoisting-
frames dotting the skyline, hear on every
hand stamp mills thundering out their
story of prosperity, and be able to say,
‘Gentle—men, see what The Desert Lyre
has done for Sunrise.’ ”

  He spouted on for half an hour couching
the same sentiment in many phrases. Deep
down in his own mind he did not believe
one-tenth of what he said, but he enjoyed
listening to himself and noting the expres-
sions of awe on the faces of his audience.

“The Setting of Sunrise," copyright, 1925, by Alex. McLaren. *23
124

Adventure

  Perspiration oozed from his forehead,
ran down in a stream and dripped from the
end of a bulbous nose. Feeling the need
of additional moisture he strode inside, fol-
lowed by the crowd, where he disposed of a
brimming glassful of “Reagan’s Best” with
gulping effort and a shudder, and inwardly
cursed the temporary dearth of mint in
Sunrise.

  Bill Trotter, owner of the only remaining
assay office in town, plucked at the Colonel’s
sleeve and noddingly indicated a table and
empty chairs in the corner.

  “That advertising talk made a hit with
me, Colonel,” said Bill after they were seated
with the table between them. “It gave me
a pippin of an idea.”

  The Colonel smiled condescendingly.

  “It is the only method, Mistah Trottah,
by which pur vast unexplored area of min-
eral wealth can be brought to the notice of
moneyed men, sah. Now, with The Desert

Lyre-”

  Bill checked him.

  “Never mind about The Desert Lyre,
Colonel; I’ve heard that old spiel of yours
before. I believe you’d sing it if you had it
set to music. I’m thinking seriously of
placing some advertising with you.”

  If Bill’s rebuff had raised the Colonel’s
ire, the last words certainly allayed it. 'The
Colonel reared back against the wall,
slapped his knee and beamed on the shifty-
eyed Bill.

  “Your ardor, Mistah Trottah, is highly
commendable. Would that we had more
of your kind in our indolent midst, sah.
More public-spirited citizens like yourself,
sah, welded into a unit and—er—backed by
the prestige of The Desert Lyre, sah, and

Sunrise would-”

  Again Bill checked him. This time im-
patiently.

  “Get me right, Colonel; get me right.

I’m not one-bit interested in the future

ofs Sunrise. What interests me is getting
out of here pronto. I’m going to advertise
my place for sale.”

  The Colonel brought his chair down from
a leaning position against the wall with a
bang. He stiffened.

  “It pains me, Mistah Trottah,” came
tinged with indignation, “to discover in you
an apostate, a back-slider, a traitor to our
civic cause, sah.”

  He leaned forward, shaking one pudgy
finger at Bill, and continued:

  “Do you not realize that in the rehabili-
tation of Sunrise, an assay establishment is
a necessity? I will say a necessity second
only to—er—The Desert Lyre.”

  Bill grinned and tapped the old man’s
arm.

  “Keep your shirt on, Colonel. Don’t get
all fussed up now. I’m not like the rest
of these human buzzards in this town. I’ve
got money to pay for my ad, and I don’t
want no ordinary little notice sandwiched
in between patent-medicine ads. I want a
big display that’ll make some sucker sit up
and take notice. I want to sell, and I want
to sell bad is what I mean.”

  He leaned closer to the Colonel, re-
duced his voice to a whisper and con-
tinued:

  “I’ll not only pay you regular rates, but
you help me to put through any deal the ad
stirs and I’ll give you a good cut. We’ll
go in partners.”

  The Colonel’s injured mien softened. He
had a flexible mind; one which circum-
stances could bend in any direction on short
notice. He was mercenary and the sound
of a cash payment was as balm to an in-
jured ear.

  “Well, after all, Mistah Trottah,” he
began with measured effort, “it might be for
the best. Your successah might be more
in accord with the progressive spirit of Sun-
rise. The change would certainly make
matters no worse, sah.”

  After half an hour of low conversation, in
which the Colonel’s pencil and pad figured
largely, they got up and headed for the bar.
Bill slapped the Colonel’s back and whis-
pered—

  “You break the news to them.”

  Bill Trotter was crafty, with conscientious
scruples a minus quantity in his equation.
He did not care so much about the ad in
The Desert Lyre, but he did care about
having the Colonel and the “human buz-
zards” he controlled as help in cinching a
sale when the “sucker” did arrive. He had
a method in his apparent madness.

  The Colonel downed another drink and
faced the loungers.

  “Gentle—men!” he began his announce-
ment. “It is with the deepest regret Mis-
tah Trottah informs me that owing to his
fast failing health, he is forced to offer his
business for sale.”

  The Colonel paused. Some one snick-
ered. No one in the assembly had ever
The Setting of Sunrise

125

known Bill Trotter to be afflicted with any-
thing more than an abnormal appetite for
liquid refreshments.

  “Now, gentle—men, Mistah Trottah has
long been a public benefactor in our midst,
and it behooves us to give him our united
support in the disposal of his place. The
exact manner in which you can aid will be
explained to you more thoroughly later
when—er—a possible purchaser arrives.”

  An hour later Colonel Blevins was busy
down in The Desert Lyre shack setting up
the largest display ad the paper had fea-
tured in many moons. Many of his old
subscription list had left forwarding ad-
dresses, and the Colonel still had hopes.

          IN A San Francisco cellar, in an
alley just off Montgomery Street,
V JL/ dust-covered incandescents made
a feeble attempt at illumination.
The combined fumes of nitric and hydro-
chloric acids and ammonia filled the air.
Chemical apparatus cluttered the shelves
and a hydrocarbon furnace roared in one
corner. Just out of heat range, but close
enough to watch the volatile lead oxide curl-
ing up from cupels in the muffle, sat Lem
Godfrey. His attention was divided be-
tween the furnace and a newspaper spread
out on his knee.

  Lem hailed from somewhere back in the
green New England hills, where he had been
raised in a Puritanic atmosphere, the prin-
ciples of which became with him no less of
a deep-seated religion than they had with
his straight-laced ancestors.

  He had heard some wag say that gold was
so plentiful in the West it was necessary to
build high board fences around the islands
in San Francisco Bay to prevent the nuggets
from rolling into the water and obstructing
navigation.

  Lem never could see a joke. It grew upon
him and eventually led him West where he
landed short on dollars, but long on gullibility,
unsophistication and Puritanic principles.

  One trip across the bay on a ferry running
close to Angel Island sufficed to throw his
dream into the discard, bring him smack
up against cold, cruel fact, and the dire
necessity of rustling a job. He went to
work in the Acme Laboratory where he
drudged, studied and saved his money, and
at the end of three years was a capable
assayer, with a yearning to get away from
the city and its fogs.

  The full page ad in The Desert Lyre,
which some one had brought in wrapped
around an ore sample, intrigued him. An
assay office in a bustling mining district was
just what he wanted, and that night he
wrote to Wm. Trotter, E. M., for more
particulars.

  “It pays to advertise, Mistah Trottah.
It pays to advertise, sah, in The Desert
Lyre,” remarked the Colonel after reading
the second letter in two weeks from Lemuel
Godfrey to Wm. Trotter. He would have
gone on indefinitely in the same vein of en-
thusiasm had not Bill stopped him.

  “Never mind that old line of bunk, Colo-
nel. Our sucker will be in on the stage in
the morning, and we’ve got to get busy at
something else beside singing the praises of
that old scandal sheet of yours.”

  “But, Mistah Trottah,” the Colonel
blustered, “it is due the credit of getting
this man here.”

. “Sure it is! But get on to yourself.
Ain’t we partners in this deal? All right,
then, round up that flock of human scenery
you control and give them their instruc-
tions. And as an incentive, tell them if the
deal goes through I’ll give them a big blow-
out at Lim Sing’s pie foundry tomorrow
night.”

  Bill put in the balance of the day at
cleaning up obsolete laboratory equipment,
while the Colonel perspired on Reagan’s
porch haranguing, and instilling into his
followers salesmanship kinks peculiarly
adapted to the disposal of assay offices in
defunct mining camps.

  When the stage arrived next morning all
of Sunrise was lined up to welcome its one
passenger, and'before an hour passed, Lem
began to think the cow that gave the milk of
human kindness was stabled in that town.
But Bill had no idea of leaving his prospect
to the tender mercies of his fellow towns-
men. No, not for one minute. They all
had axes of their own to grind. Bill knew
it and took no chances. As soon as lunch
was over he led Lem away to the laboratory.

  “You see, Mr. Godfrey,” Bill explained,
“I’m head over heels with work that I’ve
got to finish before you take hold—if you
decide to.”

  That afternoon business picked up amaz-
ingly in the Trotter establishment; its
volume exceeding that of any boom day.
“Sleepy” Wilson, “Baldy” Brooks, “Dutch”
Fred and a dozen others who hadn’t fingered
126

Adventure

a cent of their own in months were flush with
cash to pay for assaying.

  Trotter impressed them several times in
a loud voice with the fact that he had always
done a cash business and refused to break
the rule on his last day in business. Lem
was also duly impressed, as he sat at the
balances weighing and recording results,
while Bill labored over the furnace.

  To Lem the great number of rich ore
samples coming in from adjacent prospects
was amazing, and he worked on through the
afternoon blinded by an impervious veil of
unsophistication.

  Near evening the Colonel came puffing to
the back door and beckoned Bill outside.

  “Mistah Trottah,” he began when they
had walked a short distance from the door,
“do you realize, sah, that I have sacrificed
my priceless collection of rich ore specimens
to insure the desired culmination of this
transaction, sah?”

  “Well, what of it?” Bill asked puzzled.
“We’re partners^ ain’t we? I’m putting
this outfit into the deal.”

  “But I wish to impress upon you, sah, the
extreme necessity of closing the deal to-
night. This—er—phenomenal business can
not be repeated tomorrow. The rich ore is
exhausted, sah.”

  Bill was impatient to get back inside.
“Well, is that all, old timer?” he asked
and turned as if to leave.

  “No, sah, it is not. I find that the money
I advanced to our—er—agents—to lend
the desired atmosphere is not all being used
for that purpose. Messers. Wilson, Brooks
and others are becoming disgustingly in-
toxicated and dangerously talkative.”
“Don’t worry, Colonel. That sucker’s
hooked right now, and you’re sure of your
diwy; I know that’s what’s eating you.
By sundown he’ll have my name on the
dotted fine and I’ll have his money. You
chase back and keep that bunch in Rea-
gan’s. Get them so pickled they can’t hit
the floor with their hats, let alone talk.”

  The Colonel left muttering, and Bill re-
turned to the assay office.

13HH LONG shadows were falling
across the ramshackle buildings
when Bill closed the door, pulled
the blinds and sat down to a table
with pen and ink before him. A little later
Lem folded the signed bill of sale and gave
a long appraising look at his new property.

Bill gave a sigh of relief, counted the roll of
bills over and tucked them away in an in-
side pocket.

  “Now young fellow,” he said icily, “let
me put you on to something in the assay
game that you didn’t learn in the Frisco
joint.”

  Lem’s eyes widened. The tone of voice
seemed to unveil a different Wm. Trotter
than he had known before.

  “Glad to have any advice you can give,”
was the simple answer.

  “When the birds in this town bring you
samples to assay, give them big rich returns
no matter if the ore doesn’t carry a trace of
value. You’ve got to kid them to hold
their trade, and to keep them from getting
mussy.”

  But I—I—I couldn’t do that,” Lem stam-
mered. “That would be dishonest—un-
ethical to say the least.”

  Bill gave vent to a dry, cackling laugh.

  “It might be one or the other of them at

that; I’ve been here too- long to tell

the difference. But take it from one who
knows; it’s - good business in Sun-
rise.”

  Bill didn’t hear Lem’s further protesta-
tions. A knock came at the rear door and
he hurried back to answer it. It was the
Colonel, and in an anxious mood. Again
they walked out of hearing from within.

  “You can quit worrying now, Colonel,
and make out the order for that mint julep
farm back in Kentucky you been figuring
on. I’ve got that sucker sold just as sure
as death and taxes.”

  “Has he paid you yet, sah?”

  “Nope, not yet. Was just getting out his
roll when you interrupted us. You hurry
back and herd your cattle into Lim Sing’s
for the banquet, and I’ll be trailing in with
the fatted calf in a little while.”

  Bill watched the Colonel until out of
sight, then returned to Lem.

  Lem started to renew his protest. Bill
headed him off.

  “That was the Colonel,” he said.
“They’re giving a big feed up at Lim Sing’s
in your honor, and the old man was naturally
anxious when you didn’t show up. We been
so busy today I forgot to tell you about it,
and I told the Colonel so.”

  “Big feed?” queried Lem.

  “Nothing else. Suppose you put on your
coat and hurry up there now so’s not to
keep them waiting,” suggested Bill. “It’ll
The Setting of Sunrise

127

take me a little while to muck the high-
grade off my hands and face and get into a
soup and nuts uniform—oh, yes, a few of the
best of us here wear them—and I’ll be
along in a little while.”

  Lem did as suggested, and walked slowly
toward town wondering what it was all
about. Never before had courtesy been
showered upon him as in the manner of
Sunrise.

  For several reasons, the banquet was not
a success. At the beginning Lem offered
the Colonel an affront by flatly refusing to
partake of punch which the old man had
concocted with pains from hard-rustled in-
gredients. Fully an hour later the Colonel
merged from the peeved to the perspiringly
anxious condition when Trotter failed to ap-
pear. Then, as a fitting climax, over half of
the guests did not get as far as nuts before
they were heads down on the table snoring
drunkenly. The Colonel stamped angrily
out of the door and Lem followed, anxious
to find Trotter.

  Reagan’s was empty as they passed. All
the trace they could find in the assay office
was some of Bill’s old clothes on the floor.
Outside, the Colonel found fresh horse
tracks and wheel marks in the dust in front
of the door. He back-tracked the vehicle to
“Mormon” Joe’s corral on the upper edge of
town, and Lem followed not knowing what
else to do.

  Joe’s boy informed them, after being
hauled out of bed, that his father had started
for the station, nearly twenty miles away,
about an hour before with Trotter as a
passenger.

  “Told dad he just had a message his wife
was dying in Frisco, an’ he wanted to catch
the limited,” the boy told them.

  “Poor man,” said Lem in all sincerity.

  “Poor - lying scoundrel,” said the

Colonel, but to himself.

  He now knew that Trotter had pulled out
with the money and left him to hold the
sack.

  The Colonel faced a dilemma. He could
not give that vent to the anger which nearly
every fiber in him demanded. To do so
would be to reveal his own hand in the af-
fair, pull down ridicule upon him, and kill
his prestige in Sunrise.

  Above all things, his influence over his
followers must be preserved; some day he
might need their weight to back him up in
some vital issue. All those matters were

duly considered as he stood there in the
moonlight with Lem close by wondering
just what ailed the eccentric Colonel.

       IN THE next few days no word
came of Bill Trotter, and Sunrise
dreamed on in its same old tenor
with the Colonel’s oratory its chief
diversion. His dissertations merged from
the old advertising theme to excerpts from a
treatise he said he was preparing on the ef-
fect of incompetent assayers upon strug-
gling mining communities. The mere sight
of Lem on the street was sufficient to launch
the Colonel on one of his tirades. Lem was
an obnoxious reminder; he was like a red rag
to a bull, and the Colonel resolved upon re-
moving him from Sunrise.

  The Colonel’s undisguised attitude didn’t
worry Lem a great deal; he had other mat-
ters to ponder over. Business had fallen
off to next to nothing. What few samples
came in were charged on the book, and
when the results were handed out, never
failed to bring from the recipients such
compliments as, “That’s rich ore an’ you
can’t get anything out of it.” “Who told
you, you could assay anyhow?” “Bill
Trotter was the only man who could treat
our ores,” and many others in like vein.

  Trotter’s unethical advice often recurred,
but Lem’s Puritanic principles overruled all
to the contrary.

 “Gentle—men,” the Colonel began
weightily, “I regret to note that Sunrise
has made no forward strides in the last
month, and it is wholly due to the incompe-
tence of Mistah Lemuel Godfrey the as-
sayer. Self-preservation is the first law of
nature gentle—men, and it pains me to sug-
gest that we impress upon him the advis-
ability of him leaving our community at
once.”

  “Ride the -faker out of town on a

rail!” one man suggested, and similar cries
of violence went up from the crowd.

  “Suppose before we do that,” proposed
Jim Hyde, cautious and still unfired by the
mob attitude, “we run a dummy sample in
on him; something we’re plumb sure ain’t
no good, then if that proves him a four-
flusher give him the run, but let’s be sure
first.”

  It sounded good. Nearly all were in
favor of the plan.

  “But where gentle—men, in this district
can we possibly find valueless rock?” queried
128

Adventure

the Colonel still hoping his original plan
would carry.

  Jim pulled a piece of rock from his pocket
and handed it around for inspection.

  “Why, it’s a whetstone!” exclaimed Baldy
Brooks.

  “It ain’t nothin’ else,” returned Jim.
“When Mormon Joe moved away last week
he left an old grindstone. I broke the darn
thing sharpenin’ my ax, an’ put this piece in
my pocket for a whet rock. What about
tryin’ Mister Assayer out with it? There
ain’t a trace of mineral in a million tons
like it.”

  The suggestion was agreed upon. Sleepy
Wilson reduced the rock to an unrecog-
nizable powder in a mortar, wrapped the
sample in paper and started for Lem God-
frey’s.	x

  “There, mister, see what you can melt out
of that,” said Sleepy with a sneer as he
handed Lem the sample. “I want the
straight goods this time or there’ll be some-
thin’ doing. None of them wild guesses
like I been gettin’ on my ore.”

  “I’d as soon you’d take your work else-
where,” said Lem. “I give you honest re-
sults and seem unable to satisfy.”

  “Mebbe you would as soon I’d take it
elsewhere, but I ain’t a goin’ to. I’ll be in
here tomorrow an’ you’d better have it done
—an’ done right’s what I mean. The
miners of this town has had about enough of
your crooked work. Savvy?”

! Sleepy’s attitude snapped Lem out of his
half-hearted, lethargical mood. He grabbed
the sample up from the counter, dumped it
into a pan and tagged it.

  “It will be ready at two tomorrow Mr.
Wilson,” he said with a hitherto unused
frigidity.

  “I’ll give you a tip,” said Sleepy before
leaving. “It’s from a darn rich ledge an’ I
know pretty near what it’ll run.”

  With that, Sleepy slammed the door.

  That night Lem went to bed weighted
with several problems. His money was
about gone, he had no business worthy of
the name and the people seemed all against
him. He laid the Colonel’s animosity to
having refused to drink the punch at the
banquet. Trotter’s advice came to him.
He tried to crowd it out of mind but it
would pop back in.

  “He may have been right,” he admitted
reluctantly to himself. “The square way’s
broke me. Now I’ll give them—oh, heck!”

and he turned over to lose trouble in sleep.

  Next afternoon Sleepy came for his re-
turns on the sample. Lem handed him the
certificate in an envelope.

  “I hope you’ll be satisfied with that,”
said Lem with an ironical grin.

  Sleepy did not satisfy his curiosity until
on the way over to Reagan’s.

  He handed the paper to the Colonel and
winked at the crowd. The Colonel read
and gave a long drawn whistle of surprize.

 “Gentle—men! My surmise has been
well founded. This proves Mistah Godfrey
to be a base deceiver; a faker of the dirtiest
water.” He waved the certificate. “This
certifies that Mo’mon Joe’s old grindstone
runs one hundred and ten ounces and a frac-
tion in silver to the ton. Quite extr’o’-
dinary, gentle—men.”

  A laugh went up from the crowd; then
came cries of “lynch him,” later modified
to “run him out!”, and the citizens of Sun-
rise went to the assay office in a body
headed by Colonel Blevins. They crowded
through the door behind the Colonel and
filled the space in front of the counter.
Lem met them smiling.

  “What can I do for you, gentlemen?” he
asked.

  “Mistah Godfrey, we have reached the
limits of patience and human endurance,
sah.”

  The Colonel shook the certificate in Lem’s
face, and thundered out.

  “Do you mean to insult our intelligence
by telling us that old piece of a grindstone you
claim to have analyzed runs over one hun-
dred ounces in silver to the ton?”

  In spite of the gravity of the occasion,
Lem felt mildly amused. He resolved to
stand pat.

  “Old grindstone?” he asked.

  “Yes, sah! Sandstone probably quar-
ried back in the East, sah, and barren as a
hound’s tooth, sah.”

  “I gave you the true result of my work.
What else would you have me do?”

  “Get to-out of this town, an’ do it

quick while you’re able,” came from one in
the crowd.

  They poured over the counter, and Lem
backed away menacing them with a pair of
tongs. They jerked the tongs away from
him, and rough hands pulled him through
the door. Jim .Hyde filled a canteen from
the water bucket and hung it over Lem’s
shoulder.
The Setting of Sunrise

129

   “Chances are you’ll need this before you
 get across the desert,” he said grimly to Lem.

   Barely over a month before these same
men had welcomed him and dined him.
Now they escorted him to the edge of town
and warned him never to enter Sunrise
again. He smiled back at them.

   “Did it occur to you, gentlemen, that you
 might some day regret this?” he asked and
 started out on to the desert.

   That night Lem stumbled blindly on in
the dark through sand and cactus.

/zrv__jQ AFTER several months passed
and Lem Godfrey was forgotten,
WEjUfff Colonel Blevins first truly felt his
throne tottering. The Desert Lyre
had failed in producing results, and was now
i openly scoffed at.

   “The best thing about that paper’s its
name,” remarked Sleepy Wilson. “That is
if you just listen ’thout lookin’ at the
spellin’.”

   The offended Colonel would have taken
issue then and there but for the arrival of a
stranger on horseback from the South. He
dismounted in front of Reagan’s.

   “What’s the matter with this town?” he
asked. “Are you all dead, asleep or
crippled?”

   “This town is far from being dead, sah,”
 the Colonel bristled.

   “Well, if you all ain’t dead, asleep or

something, how in - come you let a

bunch of Chinamen locate the biggest bo-
nanza that’s been struck since the Com-
stock? Yes, sir, an’ right here in your
. yards almost!”

  “Rich strike close to Sunrise?” “The
whole country located by a gang of chinks?”
were among the queries shot at the stranger.

   He pointed to a low chain of mountains
jutting like a long black finger into the des-
ert, not over twenty miles to the South.

   “Just came from there, and take it from
 me it’s got old man Midas’ pile lookin’ like

 a dirty deuce in a clean deck, but the-is

a gang of chinks has got the whole -

 geography plastered with location notices.
 Soon’s the news gets out there’ll be some run
 in there. I’m on my way out to rustle a
 saloon outfit to take in.”

   He entered Reagan’s, threw a gold piece
 on to the bar and called the crowd to join
 him, but he had to drink alone for even
 then every man in Sunrise was feverishly
 busy preparing for a trip.

   9

  Four burros that had browsed for months
on juicy tomato-can labels back of Lim
Sing’s were hooked to an old rickety spring-
wagon loaded high with grub, bed rolls,
picks and shovels, and the exodus was on.

  The Colonel was taken along for his le-
gal knowledge, impressive eloquence and
shrewd sophistry. Too fat to make the
long walk, he sat perched high on bed rolls,
the only occupant of the wagon, wielding a
long goad and vituperous tongue—the lat-
ter in masterly manner.

  Lim Sing was given the choice of accom-
panying as an interpreter, with promises of
a restaurant site in the new town If he went,
or a violent death if he remained. He
went.

  “You’ll be the only chink allowed in that
town, Lim,” they said. “This band of
free-born American citizens intends runnin’

them - heathen countrymen of yours

plumb out of the country and takin’ that
which rightly belongs to us through virtue
of havin’ watched over this desert when the
rest of the whites deserted it.”

  Every time the burros stopped to rest,
which was often, the Colonel stood up high
on bed rolls and harangued the crowd along
lines of violence, until every man there was
fully determined to jump those claims; even
though it took killing to accomplish the end.

  Night came as they rounded the point and
started up a long gulch. Blasting from
above told them they were nearing their
destination. Farther up the gulch they
stopped. Sleepy Wilson indicated the ridge
above them and several lights which seemed
to be shining through tent fabric. A long
walk had dampened the ardor they had
started out with.

  “You and the chink go up and recon-
noiter, Colonel,” Sleepy proposed, “the
rest of us is dead tired after the long hike.
We’ll rest till you come back. If you need
help though, just yell and we’ll be there in a
bunch.”

  With reluctance the Colonel made his
way through the dark up a rough hillside,
forcing Lim Sing ahead of him. He
stopped in front of the first tent and halooed
loudly. He nudged Lim Sing in the ribs.

  “Call to them in Chinese, Lim,” he said
in shaky voice. “It may prevent them
from firing on us from ambush.”

  Lim yelled something that sounded like,
“high low,’-’ and followed with other unin-
telligible jargon.
130

Adventure

  The flap of the nearest tent opened and,
instead of a Chinaman, a bearded white man
stood in the entrance. For a moment, the
Colonel was taken aback. It made useless
the speech he had been rehearsing in mind
for Lim’s interpretation.

  “Good evening, sah,” he said instead.

  “Good evening, Colonel,” was the cheery
rejoinder.

  The Colonel rubbed his eyes, brushed
memory and tried in every way to connect
a vague familiarity with some definite per-
son. All efforts were in vain.

  “You have the best of me, sah.”

  The man laughed.

  “Three months beard is somewhat of a
disguise,” he said stroking it. “I left Sun-
rise rather hurriedly and neglected bringing
my razor.”

  Colonel Blevins felt a sinking sensation.
His knees shook, and he turned to see if his
comrades were within easy call. Lim Sing
took advantage of the Colonel’s moment of
discomfiture to slip away.

  “Mistah Lemuel Godfrey,” gasped the
Colonel.

  “No one else,” Lem replied smiling.
“After leaving Sunrise I wandered around
lost on the desert. Two days later I was
picked up unconscious by several China-
men, who were chopping sage brush on con-
tract for the Desert Queen Mill. They
nursed me back to health, and I made one
more hand in their chopping gang.”

  Lem paused to toss an empty box to the
Colonel, who was swaying rather uncer-
tainly.

  “Sit down, Colonel. Take it easy,” he
said, then went on, “One day when com-
plaining about my dull ax, a teamster told
me that Mormon Joe had a grindstone
quarry in the near-by hills, and naturally
I investigated. I found a streak in the de-
posit that ran far higher than that which I
assayed for you. You remember the sam-
ple don’t you, Colonel?”

  The Colonel nodded feebly, but said not
a word.

  “I brought my Chinese friends over here
to work for me and share liberally in my
find. As they are not eligible to locate, it
was all done in my name. I located thirty
claims adjacent to the discovery and now
hold that which I am sure is every foot of
the mineralized area. There is nothing
left for outsiders.”

  The last statement rubbed the Colonel

the wrong way. It raised a slight sem-
blance of his old bravado, and he remem-
bered how he and his crowd had handled
this unsophisticated youth as they liked.

  “And now I presume you think your
hour of triumph has arrived!” said the
Colonel, bolstered by the sight of his friends
moving around a hastily built brush fire in
the gulch below.

  “I do!” Lem replied with a smile and not
a trace of malice.

  “And do you think, sah, that my little
band of pioneers—” the Colonel laid particu-
lar emphasis on the word my—“who have
starved, labored, and suffered trying to
bring this part of the desert to the notice of
capital, sah, are going to sit idly by and see it
usurped by a bunch of heathen Chinese,
sah? You certainly have not forgotten our
concerted determination in one mattah we
at least thought we were right in, sah?”

A ROLLING stone attracted the
Colonel’s attention. He looked
up to see six grinning Chinese
in the rocks*-above. Each was
armed with a pistol, rifle or shotgun.
Lim Sing made a seventh, tightly cling-
ing to an ax.

  Lem waved them back to their tent.

  “Everything’s all right, boys,” he told
them. “I can handle this perfectly myself.”

  The Chinese slipped away, and the Colo-
nel wondered how this man Godfrey thought
he could handle twenty-one determined
men. Lem smiled aggravatingly.

  “No, Colonel, I have not forgotten. The
mere thought of having wandered two days
beneath a relentless sun, my lips parched
and bleeding, my tongue protruding, swollen
from my mouth and all the tortures of a hell
on earth thrust upon me are sufficient to
keep the instance you refer to forever in
mind.”

  The Colonel winced, patting the ground
nervously with one foot. Lem got it and
smiled all the more. He seemed to like
holding the Colonel in the torture chamber
of his own conscience.

  “And the more I’ve revolved the cir-
cumstances in mind lately, the more I’ve
determined to pay every one for their part
in them,” Lem said with a scathing coolness.

  The Colonel rose to his feet.

  “You—er—seem to forget, sah, that I am
the leader of a band of men nearly three
times your strength, sah?”
The Setting of Sunrise

131

  Lem pushed the old man back to his seat
on the box.

  “I know your strength to a man. I’v'e
watched you with a pair of powerful glasses
almost from the moment you left Sunrise,
and hoping to meet you all on my own
ground, I planned and brought about the
trip you made today.”

 “The-you did, sah!”

  “I did. A1 Gracey, the man who brought
the news to you this morning, is a teamster
hauling ore for me. I told him to spread
the glad tidings in Sunrise on his way out
after Bill Trotter.”

  “Mistah Trottah is in San Francisco,
sah!”	>

  The Colonel didn’t know what else to
say, and he just had to say something.

  “Wrong again, Colonel! After bilking
me, and incidentally your shrewd self, he
landed in Sodaville and lost all in a poker
game. I hear he is now there acting as
dishwasher in a restaurant and, of course, it
pains me to learn of his reduced circum-
stances. No doubt you’ll be overjoyed to
greet him tomorrow.”

  “And why all this effort on your part,
sah?”

  “To bring about a reunion of old friends
and to pay them, at least in part, for their
participation in my affairs. Of the thirty
claims in my name six go to the Chinese who
befriended me; five to Mormon Joe; thir-
teen to a company of Sunrise citizens, in
which it will be specifically understood
neither you nor Trotter participate; five to
myself, and one to your good self and Mr.
Trotter with a proviso that you work it
yourselves, otherwise it reverts to me.”

  The night was cool but- the Colonel per-
spired. He started to expostulate. Lem
stopped him.

  “Nothing will give me greater pleasure,
Colonel, than to be instrumental in re-
establishing that association and friendship
which Mr. Trotter’s fast-failing health in-
terrupted; to be able to sit here and see both
of you working harmoniously together.
Now it’s getting late, and you’d better run
down and break the news to the others.
Good night.”

  Without a word the Colonel got up and
worked his way slowly down the hill. Half-
way down he stopped to rest and think
things over. It was a knotty problem.
He decided upon the only plan he thought
left open and continued on to the fire in the
gulch, not knowing that Lem followed curi-
ously a short distance behind. >

  “Gentle—men,” he began in his old man-
ner, “welcome to the new camp of Grind-
stone.”

  “Why Grindstone?” from the crowd.

  He went on to tell them of its discovery.

  “And gentle—men you have The Desert
Lyre to thank for bringing Mistah Godfrey
into the country and making this discovery.
And you have its editor, gentle—men, to
thank for standing up for your rights and
demanding that Mistah Godfrey deed you a
fair share of the new find. I had to sacrifice
both mine and Mistah Trottah’s interests in
your behalf, gentle—men, but I did so un-
flinchingly with the same unselfish spirit
that has characterized all my dealings with
you.”

  Lem listened, smiling, from behind a
near-by bush.

  “The leopard can’t change his spots,” he
muttered and made his way up to the tent.

  Next morning Sleepy rubbed his eyes and
gazed North over the desert.

  “Well I guess Sunrise has set, but we’re
keepin’ on with our nose to Grindstone.”
V

c n

e a n c

  ji

Complect Novele etc

                k)

    Arthur GilchristBroJettr

Author of “The Black Thief" “The Altar of the Legion” etc.

CHAPTER I

THE SWORD COMES

IGMUND THE STRONG leaned
far over the table, his blue eyes
glowing with strange fires. The

____ silver band that circled his mead-

horn snapped in the clutch of his thick
fingers; but, though the rough edge gashed
his thumb deep, he felt it not. Nor did he
stir till his brother Sigvard had nudged him
thrice, with impatient force.

  “You do scant grace to the feast,” Sigvard
reproached him. “Are you drunk so soon?”

  Sigmund laid one arm about his brother’s
broad shoulders, and drew his head close to
his own lips.

  “ ’Tis an ill feast,” he whispered, “that
smells more of blood than of beer. This is
an evil day for the house of Volsung.”

  Sigvard laughed, short and sharp, as a
dog yelps.

  “Now, though you are my elder brother,”
he jeered, “I hold you no better than a fool.
This an ill day—this which united our land
and our strength with the great power of
the Gothic king? Our sister may think her-
self lucky to get such a husband as Siggeir.

  “Any prince in the North would boast of
such an honor as has been paid us, in that so
mighty a folk should consent to make alli-
ance with us. Do the Goths not number
three swords to every two that follow our
banner?”

Sigmund scowled into his mead, as if he

found it bitter; then, raising his eyes, he
glared about him at his father’s boisterous
guests. Of the two hundred hard-fighting,
hard-drinking warriors that made merry
with Volsung’s mead, Sigmund alone sat
silent and cheerless. Who would not have
called him, as Sigvard did, an ill-natured
fool? Yet he knew, himself for no fool; and
the more he gazed at the bearded revellers,
the grimmer grew his mood.

  “Men will see you and think scorn of you
for an ungracious host,” Sigvard urged.
“Drink and be blithe! See how our father
pledges his guests.”

  He pointed to the dais, where Volsung of
the High House sat enthroned with the great
king of the Goths on his right hand. Sig-
mund, following the pointing finger, smiled
a bitter smile.

  “See what cheer our sister makes!” he
retorted. “Little joy has she in this mar-
riage.”

  It was a fair sight for any man, the little
group about the dais. Volsung, king of the
Eastmen of Frakkland, was worthy of his
fame as the greatest champion of the North
and father of the finest sons and the fairest
daughter within many days’ sail.

  In his fiftieth year he was yet as lean, his
great arms were as smoothly muscled, as in
his youth; his broad, firm features bespoke
a matchless strength of will and pride of
heart. To all his children he had given his
might of body, his blond beauty and his
fierce soul

IS

132
Vengeance

133'

  Beside him the Goth Siggeir seemed
dwarfed, though he was in truth no little
man. In his early forties Siggeir was tall
and well-shaped, lithely erect, of a becom-
ing dignity. An empire’s ransom in gold
and rough gems—looted by his sire from
crumbling Rome—gleamed on his sinewy
arms.

  His brow was circled by a golden band,
confining thick, black locks as yet but
lightly touched with gray. His face, though
somewhat too shrewd, was resolute; the scar
that ran from one cheekbone into the
tangles of his swarthy beard added to the
manliness of his presence. His eyes in-
spired confidence—till one looked long into
them.

  King Siggeir smiled at his fair bride, as
she stood before him, helping him to food
and drink. No man could ask a lovelier
wife. Taller than most women, she bore
herself with the stately grace of a Valkyr.
Her golden hair, gathered under a fillet
about her broad white brows, fell in two
thick braids below her waist.

  Her mouth, the firm wide mouth of her
father, was set in a tight fine; her fine nos-
trils dilated as she met her husband’s smile;
her blue eyes, though steady, were not the
eyes of a happy woman. She gave one
glance to the bench where her brother Sig-
mund sat; he frowned again. They were as
like, these two, as man and woman can be.

  Volsung rose with slow majesty, his
massy golden horn upraised. The noise of
drunken revelry was hushed; the guests
sank back on their benches, clasping their
brawny, gold-decked arms. A servant
brought fresh fuel for the fire-pits—though
it was midsummer, an untimely frost made
the night keen—and the warriors cast back
their furred mantles, showing their woolen
shirts.

  “Let the horns be filled with ten-year
mead!” cried Volsung; and the women
waiting at the door thronged in, passing
along the benches with their flagons, till
every cup was full.

  As became her, Signy herself, daughter of
Volsung and new-made wife of Siggeir,
served the two kings and the chief guests.
These sat on a long bench that ran from the
dais athwart the nearest fire-pit; on one side
of it sat the princes of Frakkland, Volsung’s
ten strong sons; opposite them ten Goths,
chiefs of high repute.

  As Signy bent over her eldest brother’s

shoulder, Sigmund whispered, so low that
only she could hear—

  “Trust me, my sister!”

  Signy was a brave woman; yet she trem-
bled a little, and the mead gushed over
Sigmund’s hand and spilled upon the table.
Sigvard noticed, and his eyes met his
brother’s.

        WHEN all horns were brimming,
        Volsung spoke again:

MJ& “Men of Frakkland, chiefs of
my people; and ye noble Goths,
my guests! Drink a pledge with me! By
the gift of my daughter’s hand to Siggeir of
Gothland, foremost of kings, I have bound
together the fates of the two noblest of
peoples. Drink with me to the weal and
glory of our nations and to the wedded joy
of King Siggeir and his queen, Signy of the
House of Volsung!”

  The warriors leaped to their feet, the most
drunken sprawling over the benches in their
haste. The firelight flashed on their golden
armlets; the blackened rafters rang with
their shouts—

  “Siggeir! Siggeir, and the House of
Volsung!”

  Their mead-horns tipped till the curved
ends pointed roofward, poised, and clashed
empty to the deal tables. Still they stood,
roaring their applause till Volsung seated'
himself and Siggeir rose.

  He laughed as he came to his feet; with
swift gestures, he stripped the golden
spirals from his arms, leaving them bare,
broke the precious coils in his strong hands,
and hurled them broadcast into the hall.

  Volsung’s men sat quiet, waiting for their
guests to have first chance at the largess;
but the less disciplined Goths—chiefs and
house-carls alike—sprang for the scattered
strips of gold. Their rush swept the
bronze dishes from the table, knocked the
loose planks spinning from the trestles, and
drenched the floor with spilled mead that
gushed, hissing, into the fire-pits.

  They tumbled about the floor, struggling
together to seize Siggeir’s bounty; then, as
the last glittering fragment was snatched up,
they separated, laughing, The winners
pouched their spoil; the losers ran back for
more drink. There was nothing left for
Volsung’s men, who sat ill-pleased.

  House-carls set up the tables again; long-
kirtled maids mopped up the floor and
bore fresh meat and drink to the sweating
134

Adventure

warriors. In high good humor the guests
settled down to their provender again.

  “Pigs!” muttered Sigvard.

  “Hush—our brother speaks!” Sigmund
admonished him. There was savage irony
in his voice.	rij

  The Gothic king still stood, gazing about
the wide hall, whose splendor had given
Volsung his surname. Higher and greater
than any other dwelling from the Saxon
coast to the polar ice, it was hung with
painted, high-bossed shields and gleaming
weapons. Bands of gold adorned its pillars;
the hides of slain bears and wolves hung
from its smoky rafters.

  And in the midst of it towered the mighty
trunk where its master worshipped—the
Branstock, a huge oak with the majesty of
centuries upon it. The hall had been built
around the tree, the trimmed branches pro-
jected through the roof, and a fringe of
shoots sprouting from its flanks obscured the
opening.

  In summer these shoots were green with
leaves, for the roots were kept watered.
Well back from it, on each side, the fire-pits
ran to within five paces of the bench-rows
that extended along the narrower sides of
the building and all along its rear, save
where a door gave on the. bower and
kitchens.

  From the stately Branstock, Siggeir’s eyes
roved to the bench where the sons of Vol-
sung sat, and met Sigmund’s hostile glare.
Almost too swiftly to be seen, the Goth’s
eyes narrowed and widened again; yet Sig-
mund saw, and smiled his thin-lipped smile.

  Siggeir lifted his horn. His rich, mel-
low voice was lower than Volsung’s and
pleasanter.

  “Kind have the gods been to me,” he
spoke solemnly, “in giving me to wife a
princess of the House of Volsung. The
strength of both our peoples is doubled by
this marriage. More house-carls follow me
to battle, and my shieldwall is greater than
Volsung’s; but no men among my folk can
match with your champions, nor are there
anywhere such warriors as the ten princes,
the glorious sons of Volsung, whose valor is
so like their sire’s that men call them the
Ten Volsungs. Happy am I on this day!
I drink to the eternal friendship of our
peoples!”

  He emptied his horn at a single draft, the
feat of a mighty drinker. The feasters
roared their applause, none louder than the

sons of Volsung. Only Sigmund sat silent,
nursing his anger.

  “Why do you not show him respect?”
Sigvard whispered.

  “It was ill done,” Sigmund muttered, “to
give our sister to a man she does not love!
Didst thou see how she spilled the ale when
she poured for us?”

  “The confusion of a new-wed maid!”
Sigvard scoffed. “I set no store by your
croakings. No man has a stronger arm
than you; but the gods gave you small wit
for soothsaying. Because Signy was born
at one birth with you, you were ever fool-
ishly anxious for her!”

  “Our sister is not the woman to be fright-
ened by a husband!” Sigmund growled.
“There is something under all this which I
like not. Signy is a wise woman, who sees
deeper than most.”

  None heeded him. All men’s faces were
buried in their mead-homs, While they
drank, Volsung, his vast frame comfortably
relaxed in the high seat, spoke the happi-
ness he felt in his new alliance:

  “The gods have been good to me also,”
he said to his son-in-law. “Ever have I
been devoted to them—chiefly to Odin,
whom I have worshipped at yonder oak
all the days of my reign. Never have I
left its trunk thirsty; it has been bathed
in the blood of sacrifice and hung with
the shields of conquered princes. For this
Odin has given me prosperity—never more
richly than in this our compact of kinship,
Siggeir!”

  He had scarce spoken when he stiffened in
his seat, staring in amazement. Siggeir fol-
lowed his glance; and he, too, gaped, and
rubbed his eyes, as one who sees a vision.
Their followers felt the tension; heads
turned over shoulders, till every man in the
hall was gazing, spell-bound, at the great
door. Sigmund, staring like the rest,
turned once to catch his sister’s eye and re-
coiled at the sight of her. She stood with
one hand clutching her breast, her strong,
fine features pale and rigid, Ups parted,
showing set, white teeth.

  A man stood in the doorway—a man none
had seen before. The two house-carls on
guard, strapping veterans in full armor,
sought neither to hold nor to challenge
him; they cringed, with slack jaws and
trembling hands outthrust as if to ward
away some nameless terror. Filling the en-
trance from post to post, shutting out the
Vengeance

135

night with his monstrous bulk, the stranger
waited, speechless.

  Volsung recovered first. Never had he
shown fear of any man; nor would he now.

  “Hail, and welcome, whosoever thou art!”
he cried, his voice ringing through the awed
silence clearer than a trumpet through the
shock of battle. “Enter, and taste our
cheer!”

   The stranger crossed the threshold, stoop-
ing to pass that door through which a tall
man might stride with a hand’s breadth
clearance between its frame and the crest
of his helmet. As he turned edgewise to
avoid striking the posts with his mighty
shoulders, the light from the glowing fire-
pits and the fat pine torches fell full on him;
and in the utter silence all started at the in-
drawn hiss of Signy’s gasping breath.

  The man was enormous, of such a make
as the giants of old wives’ tales. A white
beard tumbled over his vaulted chest and
hid his face to the eyes. Across his deep-
seamed brow fell a lock of white hair, half-
hiding the dead socket of one eye. The eye
that remained was full, piercing, flaming
with a blue fire that seemed to burn where
it rested.

  None could see whether he wore mail or
no, for a long blue mantle spread its folds
from chin to ankles. He wore no sword-
belt, nor carried any weapon in his mighty
hand. Wordless he stood, his one eye
sweeping the hall. One instant it rested on
Siggeir, and the Goth hid his face.

  Then, ignoring the two kings on the dais,
the strange guest advanced in three mighty
strides to the holy oak; the Branstock,
sacred to Odin. He stared upon it long and
earnestly, nodding his head thrice; then he
flung back his cloak, and all saw that a
gleaming sword, unscabbarded, was passed
through his belt. Suddenly, with a motion
the beholders could scarce follow, he thrust
the blade deep into the Branstock’s bole.
He turned then, and, facing the warriors,
spoke for the first time.

  “Whoso can pluck this sword from its
place,” he said—and his voice, though low
and hollow, filled the hall—“shall have it as
a gift from me; and he shall find that he
never lifted a better.”

  He strode toward the door; but on the
very threshold he faced about, his glowing
eye fixed on Sigmund.

  “He who wins the sword shall have need
of it!” he spoke, and was gone.

IT WAS long before the spell-
bound warriors could lift their
eyes from the door through which
he had vanished. When they
did, it was but to stare at the sword, that
still quivered in the oak. Half its length
was buried in the tough wood; the gems
that crusted its guards gleamed like angry
eyes.

  “A strange man, and a strong!” cried
Volsung; and Siggeir, his lips white, made
answer:

  “Stranger, and stronger, than any man
should be! My heart misgives me that this
is some trouble-breeder, sent by enemies to
daunt us!”

  Then Signy spoke, though a woman, and
in the presence of men; nor did any chide
her, for she was reputed wiser than other
folk.

  “No man was that, but a god. It was
Odin’s self, and he comes for no good!”

  The warriors shuddered over their drink.
Only Sigmund, undaunted, gazed with long-
ing eyes at the sword. Thus did each re-
spond to what befell in accordance with the
heart the gods had given him.

  Volsung’s face shone, uplifted by his
daughter’s words.

  “If my house has indeed been visited by
the Father of Gods,” he cried, “then is this
night a night of blessing, and the sword will
prove a treasure to him who wins it. Thou,
Siggeir, shalt try first, both as my guest and
as the husband of my daughter. Such a
hero as thou must surely succeed!”

  Siggeir sat motionless, save for the trem-
bling of his hands. His heart was cold with
superstitious fear. He had not meant his
words concerning the stranger; indeed he
believed Signy right, and that it was Odin
himself who had appeared to them. But
Siggeir always said the reverse of what he
thought, the better to fool men; and in this
he usually succeeded. Yet though his
hands trembled, his eyes glittered with
greed. The firelight played on the im-
prisoned blade, dyeing its blue sheen with
ominous red. Siggeir could scarce keep his
gaze off the jewels and the hilt chased with
gold. The more he looked, the more he
coveted the splendid weapon.

  “I will have it!” he cried; and leaping
from the dais, he ran to the Branstock.

  His right hand grasped the hilt; he set one
foot against the bole. The muscles of arm
and shoulder knotted under his close tunic;
136

Adventure

with all the power of back and body and legs
he strained, till the sweat poured into his
eyes. Then he set his left hand below the
hilt and tried again. But, though he toiled
till his sinews cracked, the sword did not
stir from its bed in the tough wood. De-
feated, his cheeks red with shame, Siggeir
walked back to the dais.

  Volsung signaled to the chief of Siggeir’s
bodyguard; and the men of Frakkland, too
well trained to speak their anger aloud,
glowered at the Goths. Sigvard spoke for
them all when he said, under his breath, to
Sigmund:

  “They must always have first chance!
Would my father but show less courtesy and
more justice!”

  “This is but the beginning!” Sigmund
answered bitterly.

  The Gothic captain swaggered up, a
huge, heavy-set man, with limbs like the
very boughs of the Branstock. A little
gasp went up from every throat as he laid
hold of the hilt. But though he strove
with savage strength, his luck was as ill as
his lord’s.

  One by one the Gothic chieftains took
their turn; and one by one they slunk back
to the benches, sullen, glaring about to see
if any laughed. Such was their mood that
trouble might easily spring up, should Vol-
sung’s Eastmen mock them. But their
lord’s keen eye, and the fear of his hand,
kept these in check.

  When all the guests had failed, Volsung
signed to Sigmund, his heir. But Sigmund,
his eyes gleaming strangely, shook his head.
Sigvard, next of age, rose and set his strong
young hands on the hilt. But though the
least of the sons of Volsung was mightier
than the mightiest among the Goths, neither
Sigvard nor any other of the princes could
so much as stir the blade. Siggeir’s eyes
glittered with a joy he could not hide. If he
could not have the sword, at least no other
should.

  But the joy fled from his face when Vol-
sung flung aside his cloak and advanced to
try his own vast strength. In a land of
champions, the king of Frakkland still bore
the name of the most matchless among
heroes. A confident smile lit his broad,
fierce face as he closed his fingers about the
chased hilt, and set himself for the pull.
The smile vanished when his first powerful
heave failed. Again he tried, and again;
and at the third trial the blade stirred.

  “Ha!” he cried, and set himself for one

last, triumphant wrench.

  With all his might he threw himself back,
his right foot thrusting against the tree,
both hands locked tight, and his arms
swelling till the muscles seemed to rebel
against the skin that prisoned them. In
vain; exhausted, he drew back in disgust,
and signed once more to Sigmund.

  The latter wavered; but Signy met his
glance with a compelling message in her
troubled eyes. He looked about the hall.
All eyes were on him; his countrymen’s with
eager appeal, the Goths’ with ill-disguised
hostility. He walked slowly, seeming in-
different, to the oak. But Signy read the
hope and pride and bitterness in his heart.

  He struck his open palm against the hilt,
as if in scorn, and closed the fingers. He
scorned to tug and wrestle as the others had
done; he would not use both hands, nor
brace his feet against the trunk. One pull
he gave; and the sword, quitting its oaken
sheath with a rending noise, came free in
his grasp.

  The warriors stared, dumfounded; then a
great, glad cry burst from the throats of the
Eastmen. The Goths sat silent, with hands
that itched for their weapons.

  Volsung looked upon his eldest son with a
flush of pride. In the eyes of Signy there
was a light both glad and stormy. As for
Siggeir, it was a full minute before he could
master his emotion; and for that minute his
soul stood unmasked. But he had not dis-
sembled all his life for nothing.

  Astounded at his own success, Sigmund
gazed at the sword in his fingers; then, with
a burst of exultation that he could neither
understand nor control, he swung the blade
in flashing circles about his head.

  Siggeir slunk down from the dais like a
wolf creeping on a dangerous prey. Blanch-
ing a little before the brandished sword, he
laid a hand on Sigmund’s shoulder.

  “I am thy brother now,” he spoke softly,
with the best smile he could command.
“Wilt thou sell me the sword—for thrice its
weight in gold?”

  All Sigmund’s distrust and hate of the
man rose in his gorge.

  “Thou didst try,” he answered bluntly.
“Had it been thy lot to have the sword, thou
wouldst have taken it from the oak. But
since it was my hand that drew it out, thou
shalt never have it—not though thou
wouldst offer me all the gold thou hast!”
Vengeance

137

  Siggeir nodded, and smiled easily; but
his teeth were clenched.

  When the great folk had gone to bed, the
house-carls talked it over among themselves;
Volsung’s men stretched out on their fur-
covered benches in the hall and Siggeir’s in
the guest-rooms. The Goths blamed Sig-
mund for what they deemed a shameful in-
sult to his guest and kinsman by marriage
and bragged of the way in which they would
avenge it, if they were in Siggeir’s place;
the Eastmen were as certain that Siggeir
had done foully in seeking to buy with gold
what a better man had won with his hands.
But Goth and Eastman alike foresaw
trouble over the sword, no matter what
sacred oaths the kinsmen might swear to
each other.

CHAPTER II

THE SWORD GOES

*	I 'HE morning after the wedding-feast all
-*• men slept late, their heads being heavy
with drink. The sun was high when Vol-
sung rose from his bed in the loft; and as he
came down the stair into the court Siggeir
and his wife were just leaving the bower.

  “A fair morning to you, my son!" cried
Volsung.

  “And to you, my father!” the Goth re-
turned heartily. “I pray you, give com-
mand that my ship be made ready, for the
weather is fair for our voyage home.”
Volsung stared at him.

  “Is this kindness?” he asked reproach-
fully. “What have I done to offend you,
that you would leave me so soon? I had
reckoned on a month’s visit at least.”
Siggeir shook his head.

  “Naught have you done amiss; I am well
content with your hospitality. But you
know the sea between this coast and Goth-
land. If we sail not while it is fair, a sud-
den storm may overwhelm us. My bride
is not used to foul weather.”

  Volsung glanced at his daughter. Her
cheeks were flushed, her eyes stony. He
would have spoken to her; but, catching
sight of Sigmund descending from the loft,
she went to meet him.

  “If you could but stay a week—” Vol-
sung began; but Siggeir, smiling, refused.

  “Thou shalt visit us instead, at the end
of three months,” he said, “and I will make
amends for my lack of ceremony now.”

  As he spoke, he glanced at his wife, who

stood some ten paces distant, talking with
her brother. The distance was too great for
him to hear their words. Had he done so,
he would have been ill pleased. He turned
back to the bower, leaving Volsung to join
his children.

  The old king marked his son’s angry
face.

  “Ill-omened are your looks, my son,” he
reproved him, “for the last hour you may
see your sister.”

  Sigmund started and laid a hand on his
father’s arm; but it was Signy who spoke.

  “An ill-omened husband have you given
me, my father!” she cried. “I pray you
take me from him, and send him home with
shame! Well I know that he plots mischief
against you.”

  Volsung frowned.

  “You have said what no woman should
say of her husband. What mean you?”

  Signy glanced over her shoulder; but the
bower door was shut and Siggeir not to be
seen.

  “I could not sleep last night,” she an-
swered, “though I feigned to slumber sound.
He tossed and twisted; ever and anon I
heard him whisper, ‘Give me vengeance,
give me vengeance, ye gods, for this in-
sult!’ ”

  Volsung looked hard at her and turned to
Sigmund.

  “This is because you denied him the
sword. His spirit will not endure being
bested by one so young. But he will forget,
when he is once busy with the cares of his
kingdom.”

  “Nay, he will not forget!” Signy cried.
“He is a snake, that watches its time to
strike. Take me away from him, my
father!”

  Volsung considered deeply and at last
laid his hand gently on her shoulder.

  “If I do as you ask,” he made answer
“Siggeir will have a real grievance against
us, and all men will say that I acted dis-
honorably toward him. Nay, he is your
husband; when he sails today, you must go
with him.”

  Sigmund scowled.

  “It is against all custom for a man to
leave his bride’s folks so soon after the wed-
ding-feast. Signy is right—there is evil in
this!”

  “Go to; ye are but children!” Volsung
chided them; but his heart misgave him,
lest they prove right.
138

Adventure

SO SIGGEIR sailed, with his
wife and following, from Vol-
sung’s port of Ravenswick.
Great was the crowd that flocked
to see them off. The Gothic long-ship lay
under a long headland, beneath which the
river had scooped a channel that gave deep
anchorage close to the bank. The shores
were thronged with folk: Gaping farmers,
with their women in gowns of scarlet, green
and yellow; gold-adorned ladies, and house-
carls in gleaming mail. Volsung and his
sons stood on the pier, with the pick of their
troops about them.

  Siggeir’s oarsmen thrust out their long
blades to shove off; the helmsman thrust his
weight against the steering-oar. As the
ship swayed to the dip of the blades, Siggeir,
standing on the poop, waved a hand.

  “Remember!” he called gaily, “ye must
visit us in three months’ time! Bring your
ten tall sons, Father Volsung, and such fol-
lowing of spears as may do you honor!”

. “We will come!” Volsung promised.

  But his smile died, for behind Siggeir
stood Signy, her face dark with foreboding.
As his eyes met hers, Signy shook her head,
as if to urge her father not to make the
promised visit. He made her a gesture of
farewell and turned away. Amid the
shouts of the sailors and the cheers of the
crowd, the ship moved past the headland,
caught the breeze and stood out with belly-
ing sail. The oars were laid in; the water
creamed beneath her forefoot.

  The last Volsung saw was the still figure
of his daughter, looking back to her old home
and her kin. Heavily he returned to the hall.

  But Sigmund sat on the headland till the
light dimmed and the summer day merged
into the green pallor of the Northern night.
His face was stern, and his fingers caressed
the edges of his strange-won sword. From
the swelling coast-hills, bulking dark in the
half-light, a smell of trampled juniper
wafted to him across the estuary. The
sun, which would not drop below the hori-
zon till nigh midnight, painted a few low
clouds an angry red. They seemed to
pulse, like the mouth of a throbbing wound.

  Sigmund looked from them to his sword.

  “Ay, there will be blood over this!” he
muttered. “Now, if it was indeed Odin who
gave me this sword, and not some malicious
troll, or such a man as never before was
seen, then may Odin grant it may yet split
Siggeir’s heart!”

IN THE last gray before the
llVl|r September dusk, three white
specks took shape upon the sea;
■ ' and the wind falling, there came
to the ears of the listening coastguard the
beat of many oars.

  The three soldiers glanced at each other.
“We had best make sure first,” said one.
“It will go hard with us if we bear Siggeir a
false tale.”

  “And yet harder if we warn him not in
time,” another urged. “It can be none
other than Volsung and his folk; for it is
now three months since we left Frakkland,
and he gave his word to come. What think
you, Radgeir?”

  The third, a sinewy officer with a crafty
face, spoke thoughtfully:

  “Volsung was never known to break word
or appointment. Nor would he come with
but three ships, unless he came in friend-
ship. It is surely he. Let us speed with
the news, that the king may have time to
gather his spears.”

  The three melted into the deepening
dusk, riding south, sparing not whip nor
spur.

  The ships came on, their sails now furled,
oars chocking against the thwarts. As the
dark drew in, their looming sides grew
dim, but as they dimmed they swelled
in bulk. The stroke lessened; plummets
splashed, and the cries of the leadsmen rang
upon the night. The water being deep off
the shelving rocks, the three great craft
were cautiously stroked in. Sailors leaped
from the gunwales to the stony shore; ropes
were tossed, and the galleys made fast to
outcropping knobs of granite.

  By twos and threes the crews sprang
ashore—three hundred men, full-armed,
their mail mantled in short cloaks. When
a scant dozen remained aboard each dragon-
ship, the lashings were cast off and the boats
stroked out into safer water.

  The warriors gathered together, waiting
for orders. Volsung and his ten sons drew
apart, consulting in low tones.

  “It is passing strange,” said the king,
“that there is neither coastguard to chal-
lenge nor escort to receive us. They knew
we would come. ”

  “Perchance Siggeir has called in all his
men, to prepare a mighty feast for us,”
Sigvard suggested.

  “More like,” growled Sigmund, “that he
has called them in for a worse purpose. It
Vengeance

139

were better to go aboard once more, and
wait till day at least.”

  Sigvard laughed scornfully.

  “Had any other said that, I should call it
a coward’s counsel!” he jeered.

  “Nay, lads,” Volsung chided them, “no
need for harsh words! Nor have we any-
thing to fear. Small gain would Siggeir get
from treachery, nor have we cause to expect
aught but friendship from him. March!”

  At his command the house-carls fell into
column and struck inland with the long
strides of men who, though they use the sea,
dislike the confinement of ships. Scab-
bards clanked at their sides; their shields
rang hollow on their mail.

  “We have not made the best landing,”
Volsung observed. “Here is no road, but
the bare rock. Let us get this march over
as soon as we may.”

  The pace quickened, and though here and
there a man stumbled over the rocky
ground, they made good progress. At last
they came to stubble fields, where reaped
grain lay gathered in shocks. As they
moved on, a white figure edged like a ghost
from behind one of the larger shocks and
came out into the open in the very line of
advance.

  Volsung halted, and the front-rank men
started back in fear.

  “A wraith!” one cried; and “A troll!”
echoed another.

  But Volsung, who feared neither man nor
ghost, strode to meet the apparition, loosing
his sword as he went. Sigmund kept pace
with him; but Sigmund laid no hand on his
weapon.

  When they were close to the dim figure,
it ran to meet them, arms outflung.

  “Signy!” cried Sigmund; and his sister
fell into his embrace, sobbing.

  Sigmund stroked her hair with rough
tenderness.

  “Tears are not thy wont, my sister!” he
said. “What ill news dost thou bear us?”

  The girl freed herself from him and seized
her father’s hand.

  “Go back!” she cried, her voice low but
vibrant with fear. “Embark, and sail hence
with all speed! Siggeir gathers his hosts
against you!”

  “What mean you?” Volsung questioned.
“How can my son-in-law plot harm against
me?”

  Signy controlled her excitement, forcing
herself to explain:

  “Two hours ago a detail of the coastguard
came breathless to my husband’s hall, with
word that your ships were seen. Straight-
way Siggeir sent for hi§ captains, ordering
them to call up their men and fall upon you
on the plain north of the court. ‘Slay all,’
was his command, ‘save the ten sons of
Volsung. Them shall ye bring to me, with
all their weapons!”

  “You heard this, yet he let you escape to
warn us?”

  “I heard nothing,” Signy answered. “I
was in the bower with my women. One of
my maids is sister to Siggeir’s standard-
bearer; he told her, and she—who loves me
—bore the news at once to me. I ran from
the bower, through the court, to the stables.
There I well-nigh ran into a company of
spears; but hidden by the dark, I won a way
to the steading of a farmer, who sold me a
horse for a gold bracelet. He waits me
yonder. Now flee ere it be too late, for my
husband has sworn to take your lives!”

  “By the blood of Odin!” Sigmund swore.
“This is treachery of the blackest! Let us
return, my father, to our own land, gather
every sword in Frakkland and fall upon this
dog with fire and steel!”

  “That is my counsel too,” Signy urged.
“And take me with you! I can not bear to
live with this murderer, this betrayer of
kinsfolk, this wolf of the wood!”

  Volsung pondered, while Sigmund twisted
his hands with impatience, and Signy
plucked at her gown. The younger sons of
Volsung growled under their breath, feeling
their weapons the while.

  When Volsung spoke at last, his tones
were those of a man whose purpose is set and
can not be changed.

  “I am old,” he said, “and have never
learned to flee. An hundred battles have I
fought, most of them against hard odds; and
always has the victory been mine. Now
that my life draws to its end, I would fain
have it close as gloriously as it began; nor
would I have the women say that my sons
showed their backs to a foe. Having come
hither, we shall go hence with honor, or not
at all. And you, my daughter, "shall go
home to your husband, and be henceforth a
good wife to him!”

  Signy met his eyes and read in them the
fate of her house. Her breath caught in a
sob. Quickly she seized her brother Sig-
mund’s hands, pressed them to her lips and
ran stumbling into the darkness. Then
140

Adventure

came the sound of her horse’s Jjoofs, close at
first, then dying slowly away.

  “Forward!” cried Volsung. “Shields up!
Swords out!”

  The ranks closed; the sound of many
blades slithering from their scabbards sent
an ominous whisper through the night.

          SIGGEIR’S scouts, too confident,
announced Volsung’s approach
with loud shouts. Swiftly the old
hero brought his men to a halt,
ordered them into wedge-formation and
strode along the ranks to make sure that
shield lapped shield in an unbroken phalanx.
He had still time to take his place at the
point of the wedge, his ten strong sons about
him, ere the first shafts flew from the dark.

  But the time thus given them was for no
kindly purpose, nor from any heedlessness
of their foes. Even as they formed, the
clink of metal all about them revealed that
Gothic lines were encircling them; and the
first arrow-flight burst upon the Frakkland
wedge from all directions. Despite the
dark, the archers could not miss so great a
target; men dropped here and there, the
ranks closing to fill their places.

  Volsung’s reply was what it had ever been
—to meet numbers with strength and cun-
ning with valor.

  “Break through!” he roared; and his
compact ranks sprang to the charge.

  Gaining momentum as they rushed, they
smashed through the Gothic circle as light-
ning tears through rotten wood. Swords
flailing in front, long spears thrusting from
the inner ranks, they took such toll that the
extended Gothic fine dared not stand be-
fore them. Once through—

  “Turn!” cried Volsung. “Back, and
rend them!”

  The apex of the wedge became its rear-
ward angle, each man pivoting where he
stood. Then, swinging half-about to bring
one of the base-angles to the fore, they
charged again. This time it was not Vol-
sung and his ten fierce sons, but the erst-
while rearguard that formed the new point
of his assault. Stout men were these, yet
not so stout as the eleven royal champions;
and the work went more slowly. Nonethe-
less, with savage fury they tore at Siggeir’s
line, which had closed in solid before them.
It stood between them and their ships, and
they meant to win through at any cost.
Their long spears ripped through shield and

mail, till the press grew too great; then,
pikes cast down, they forced the fighting at
close grips, with sword and ax. Back bent
Siggeir’s first line, now thin and faint of
heart; Volsung’s trumpet rang from the
rear, and with renewed fury his house-carls
surged forward. The Goths broke—the red
wedge stumbled through.

  “To the shore!” cried Volsung; and on
the house-carls pressed, teeth bared and
blades dripping.

  But a second line now barred their way,
flanking them with a never-ending stream
of swordsmen and lapping once more about
their rear.

  “They are weakest there!” Sigmund
shouted to his father, pointing over his
shoulder. “Let us turn again, cut through
their rear, make for Siggeir’s walls and take
him as hostage against pursuit!”

  “Thou art rightl” Volsung answered, and
gave the command.

  Twice he had broken through; but he had
lost one man in ten. This time the pivoting
of the wedge again brought the king and his
sons in the forefront. Their terrible blades
bore all before them. Irresistible, they
flung the Goths back, tore their ranks
asunder, opened a gap through which the
whole wedge thundered. But even as they
won clear, a countless mass of men rose up
from the ground before them—Siggeir’s re-
serves, hidden by the blacker darkness in a
little fold of the ground.

  The two forces clashed with an impetus
that sent both reeling, but the more disci-
plined Frakkland men recovered first.
Once more they drove the thin point of the
wedge through their foes and widened it
with the dense ranks behind. A sudden
shock in their rear drove the wedge free
again, but that shock—the massed attack
of the Gothic main host—crumbled one
angle of the wedge and forced them to re-
form. As they did so, the foe they had
just broken closed their way again. Ere
Volsung could utter a command, their flanks
were crushed together by a well-timed
counter-attack from both sides.

  Four times more the dwindling Eastmen
rallied, struggled back to formation and,
with their bloody wedge melting moment
by moment, hacked their way through the
midst of their foes. But the circle of steel
closed about them each time; and Vol-
sung’s men, wearied to exhaustion, close-
pressed by new and fresh masses, were
Vengeance

141

driven to bay as a stag is ringed by the
wolf-pack. The mounting moon showed
them hemmed in by at least two thousand
men.

  The point of the wedge had borne the
brunt of battle, though each man in the
little company had measured steel with
many foes. Four of Volsung’s sons could
scarce lift their shields; all were red with
their own and others’ blood. By strange
good fortune, and through their own sur-
passing strength and the fineness of their
mail, the princes still lived. Yet only
Volsung himself, and Sigmund, seemed un-
daunted. Sigmund fought with a ferocity
that even Volsung could not match; he
could scarce be restrained from leaving his
place in the wedge to leap headlong among
the enemy. His wondrous sword bit
through mail and bone, sending terror
through all that faced him; and, exulting in
its edge and his own hot young strength, he
cut a red road for his kin to follow. But
even his strong arm wearied with ceaseless
striking, and his lungs fought for breath.

  Desperately Volsung rallied his men, so
bruised and weary that they could scarce
stand. Now that the moon rode high, the
Gothic arrows flew faster and found a surer
target. The wedge melted where it stood,
its ranks so torn that the shields no longer
lapped at all.

  “Too late to win!” Volsung shouted above
the tumult. “Now die, and die so that
Gothland may remember you!”

  Heaving up his red sword, he sprang into
the thick of his foes, Sigmund at his side.
Wordless, reeling, the broken wedge stag-
gered forward for its final charge.

  A well-aimed arrow sped through Vol-
sung’s throat; he fell crashing before his
men. Screaming with rage, Sigmund leaped
to avenge him. The wondrous sword
swung in his hand, like the hammer of Thor
with the red god’s might behind it. Blade
could not parry it, shield could not turn it.
Reckoning not whether one or a hundred of
his father’s house-carls followed, Sigmund
ravened along the Gothic line till the hardiest
recoiled before him. None dared face the
madman and his invincible blade till, ringed
about with Gothic dead, Sigmund stumbled
over the heaped corpses of his slain, and
sprawled on his face. The great sword flew
from his hand, and the Goths hurled them-
selves upon him.

  It was the end. Through his more than

berserk might, and the matchless temper of
his blade, he had wrought such terror in the
Goths that they had pulled down all that
was left of the wedge before they mastered
him. Of all who had sailed from Frakkland
with Volsung, not one remained alive, save
only Volsung’s sons. These, pulled down
by sheer weight, were bound with new
ropes and dumped, bleeding, on the farthest
edge of the red field. It was here that
Siggeir came to judge them.

  The Gothic king had not exposed himself
in battle. When all was done, he rode up
on a fresh mount and smiled down upon the
beaten princes. Of all Volsung’s sons,
only Sigmund saw him; the rest lay fainting
with exhaustion and loss of blood.

  Siggeir cocked one knee over his horse’s
neck and jeered. Sigmund, trussed like a
fowl, glared up at him; and, seeing his own
splendid sword in Siggeir’s hand, his eyes
glowed with hate. The Goth spat in his
face.

  “I thank the gods,” Siggeir spoke in
triumph, “that all my brothers-in-law live.
There will still be enough feeling in them to
make it sport to hang them.”

  Sigmund, helpless, spoke no word. Hang-
ing was the most shameful of all deaths; but
he would not disgrace his blood by begging
for a better fate. He bit his lip, resolved
to have no speech with such a dog as
Siggeir.

  He could not see the stricken field, with
its heaps of slain, and the gallant pile of
dead that had been his father’s battered
shield-wall; but he smiled grimly to think of
the lives he and his had taken ere they fell.
It was shame that all the sons of Volsung
had been captured, when they might have
died; but that was fate. They had given a
good account of themselves, and exacted a
fearful price from the foe. He knew not
that Siggeir had commanded them to be
taken alive, wanting them to grace his gal-
lows. Perceiving that he did not know
this, Siggeir told him, with bitter mockery;
but Sigmund paid him no heed.

  The torn Gothic ranks stirred, and a
thousand faces lifted. The sound of hoofs,
behind him, struck on Sigmund’s ears.
Then, ere he guessed what it meant, a hand
caressed his bleeding forehead, and Signy’s
voice rang clear above him:

  “A coward’s- deed hast thou done, my
husband! Yet, because I am a woman, and
thy wife, it may be that thou wilt grant me
142

Adventure

a gift. Thou owest it, having treacher-
ously slain my father. I do not ask my
brothers’ lives, for I know thou fearest to
spare them; I ask only that thou "let them
live a fortnight, that I may take them in
my arms yet a little while, and so dull the
bitter edge of my grief. This I ask for the
sake of the child I shall bear thee.”

  For a moment Siggeir answered not; then
he smiled cruelly.

  “Thy prayer is granted!” he said, “the
more readily since it will grieve them the
more. Ho, fellows! Bind the wounds of
these dogs, give them food and drink, and
set them in the stocks!”

  Signy shrank back in horror. Hanging
was a foul death; but to sit alive in stocks
was yet greater shame. Her eyes turned
imploringly to her husband, but he laughed
and turned away.

CHAPTER III

DEATH FROM THE FOREST

SIGMUND watched the moon climb over
the edge of the wood beyond the Gothic
court; as its yellow disk, full and pulsing,
thrust above the beech-tops, he smiled
grimly. The keen autumn frost bit his
bound arms, and stiffened his wounds; the
pain of them, and of his throbbing wrists
and ankles, was a little dulled by the cold.
His legs, after twenty hours in the stocks,
felt like wood. Yet he smiled; for he was
still alive, still strong, and so still dangerous
to his enemy.

  The moonlight beat down on the slumped
bodies of his brothers, whose gashed and
bloody legs protruded from the stocks in a
long row. Three of them were barely con-
scious, though Siggeir had had their hurts
washed and bound, that they might live to
feel the shame of the halter. The others
hung their heads, and their breath came
hard and whistling as they strove to stir on
the rough log where they sat together.

  Sigvard looked up as the moon flashed in
his face.

  “You were right,” he muttered. “Would
that we had heeded your warning! Now we
shall all die, and wretchedly!”

  Sigmund laughed.

  “Mayhap. But it is in my mind that our
sister did not ask a fortnight’s respite for us
merely that we might make sport for her
weasel of a husband.”

  “What mean you? We are helpless.”

  “I think,” said Sigmund, “Signy will be
here ere the night is done. You may be
sure she means to set us free. Once quit
of these bonds, we may yet hope for ven-
geance!”

  Sigvard’s eyes flashed.

  “If I thought that— But nay; we are
too weak to flee far, and all this land is
Siggeir’s. How may we escape him at all,
let alone for long enough to devise some
plan against him?”

  “Where is your courage?” Sigmund re-
torted fiercely. “I ask but to be free, and
I will make both the time and the means
for vengeance. Henceforth I live but to
wrest from Siggeir full payment for our
father’s murder and our shame. I know
my sister well enough to trust her—she is
Volsung’s daughter, and will wage the
blood-feud against his slayer till Siggeir’s
ghost goes red to meet the ghost of Volsung.
I have watched this moon since its first rays
pierced between yonder trunks. Certain am
I that our sister will come before it sets!”
Sigvard bent his aching head in a gesture
toward the farther end of the stocks.

  “There be three that can not flee, though
we be released,” he objected. “Sigling is
spent with loss of blood; Sigtrygg and Sin-
tregi are cut to ribbons. They are over-
weak to survive the perils of flight, and
mayhap hunger, while their wounds are yet
unhealed.”

  “We will carry them!” Sigmund retorted.
His lips set in a grim line; his eyes sparkled
frostily. “By Odin I swear it, come what
may come, the children of Volsung shall
yet wreak their hate on Volsung’s murderer.

Take heart, then-”

  - Sigvard’s startled cry broke off his speech.
Following his brother’s strained glance,
Sigmund saw, on the edge of the forest, a
dark shape flitting to and fro.

  “That is not Signy,” he muttered.
“Would it but come out into the moon-
light-”

  He frowned anxiously, striving to discern
what manner of thing it was which lurked
among the beech-trunks. All his heart was
set on the rescue he expected, and the ven-
geance to follow; yet this flitting shadow was
not a human form, nor would Signy come
from that direction. That she would come
he was sure.

  The shape was hidden now in the forest
gloom. Long the brothers stared toward
Vengeance

143

the spot where it had melted into the dark;
then, suddenly, Sigvard screamed.

  From the sheer blackness it had sprung—
a long, low streak that leaped toward them
with the swiftness of light. As it shot from
the trees, the quick touch of moonlight
turned it into a gray horror, with flashing
teeth and slavering lips—a great, gaunt
wolf.

  Sigmund tugged at his bonds with all
his mighty strength. The writhing muscles
stood out on his straining shoulders and
thighs; the wood of the stocks groaned with
his savage efforts to break free. Beside him
Sigvard also wrenched and struggled, but
he was weaker far than his brother. As
Sigmund threw himself back and forth in
mad, unavailing efforts, Sigling, his young-
est brother, shrieked once, terribly.

  The youth, bound at that end of the
log nearest the forest, had waked to con-
sciousness with the wolf’s hot breath on
his face; the next instant his throat was
torn out.

  The wolf, with dripping jaws, stood on
braced feet and looked once at the franti-
cally struggling Sigmund; then, as if con-
temptuously sure of his helplessness, it bent
to its ghastly feast. Sigmund, his strength
spent, sat with heaving flanks and face
dropping sweat, while the sound of crunch-
ing jaws and cracking bones filled his soul
with horror.

  Sigvard turned sick; but in Sigmund’s
face, bitter and gaunt, his eyes were living
coals.

  “For this also there shall be vengeance!”
he whispered.

  Morning came in a glory of red sun and
tingling air; and with it came Siggeir, riding
up between two house-carls. He ambled
past the row of his foes, mocking them with
gibes and sneering laughter. Then he set
eyes on the bloody thing that had been
Sigling, and he burst into shouts of evil joy.

  All the brothers were conscious now; they
scowled at him sullenly. - Sigmund met his
eyes fairly, and at sight of the hot fire in
Sigmund’s gaze the Goth shivered. But
the firm bonds on his enemy’s torn wrists
gave him confidence.

  “This is better than hanging them!” he
roared. “We will let them bide here, till,
one by one, they fall to the wolf! But lest
they lose strength and die easily, they shall
be well fed. Ho, Ulf! Speed back for
meat and wine!”

  The house-carl rode off, his lips twisting
in a wry grin.

  Siggeir dismounted in front of Sigmund.
The Goth’s face had lost its assumed frank-
ness and was openly vile. His loose mouth
writhed with mirth; his cunning eyes
danced.

  “A brave death!” he jeered, “and a fine
burial, in the maw of a foul beast! Verily
Signy will rejoice to hear of this! And the
beast will return, lads, till all of you are
done! Ha! Volsung had ten brave sons;
now he has nine. Mayhap his ghost looked
on, last night, and saw his youngest child
torn into raw shreds. So shall it be with
you all—all! Ho! And it was thou, Sig-
mund, that didst deny me a sword! I have
that sword now—” he clapped his palm
against his scabbard— “nor shalt thou live
to win it back. Would it not have been
better hadst thou given it me?”

  Sigmund answered not; his eyes spoke for
him. Siggeir renewed his taunts:

  “Signy would have come to you last
night, but I caught her and dragged her
back. She had a knife to cut your bonds,
balm for your wounds, and food—but ye
will not need it now! Look not for her to-
night, for she will be under guard; but, if ye
look well, ye shall see—the wolf!”

  He ^laughed again and leaped to the
saddle.

  Soon came Ulf with food. He placed the
meat and drink on the upper beam of the
stocks and, going behind the brothers, freed
their wrists one at a time. Sigvard would
have refused food; but Sigmund, disregard-
ing the house-carl, admonished him—
“Take all they will give, that you may
gain strength against the hour of our re-
venge!”

  So they all ate and drank, one at a time,
till all had fed and been bound again. Then
Ulf freed the legs of each, for long enough to
let the blood flow well. Each stretched his
limbs and chafed one on the other, though
their ankles throbbed and stung furiously.
When they were made fast once more, Ulf
stood off and surveyed them sourly.

“Strength to avenge?” he mocked. “Nay,
strength to feel the sharp fangs of the wolf!”
The day passed, fresh and fair, with the
flash of sunlight on the turning leaves; and
night fell again.

  That night the wolf came ere the moon
rose; and Sintregi’s soul went out between
its jaws.
144

Adventure

ON THE tenth night after the
full moon, Sigmund sat alone in
the stocks. The beams were
bloodstained; blood was splashed
on his legs and chest. His young face was
seamed with lines of hate and anguish; his
eyes burned with a fury nigh to madness.
The flesh of his wrists and ankles was
mangled with his struggles; yet each 'day,
when food was brought, he ate with savage
resolution.

  The night before, Sigvard had been
taken. His struggle had been terrible; for
the meat he had eaten every day had
brought back his strength; but strength
availed him nothing. He was gone, and
with him had gone the last of Sigmund’s
hope. With utter desperation he had
fought to break his bonds and save his last
surviving brother. He had failed; tonight
it was his turn.

  But though hope had fled, determination
remained. Well he knew he must die that
night; yet through clenched teeth he spat
his hate of Siggeir.

  “Though I die” he snarled, “though the
wolf wet its teeth in the last of my blood,
yet will I avenge!”

  That day Siggeir had mocked him past
endurance; and he had cried aloud his pas-
sion for vengeance, his centered resolution
that, come what might, he would somehow
slay his enemy before he died himself.
Siggeir, with a harsh laugh, had pointed to
the bones of Sigvard.

  “Ten tall sons had Volsung!” he mocked.
“Now he has one; and tonight they shall all
be with him among the ghosts!”

  Now it was dark. He was alone, and
soon the wolf would come.

  Somewhere a twig cracked, and Sig-
mund’s heart gave an anguished leap. 'But
the sound came not from the forest, where
the wolf lurked; it came from the plain be-
tween him and the court. He turned his
head and stared. Was the beast creeping
up on him from an unwonted direction?

  He heard the scrape of stealthy feet—
human feet—on gravel; and a little pulse of
hope began to hammer in his brain. A mo-
ment more, and a white figure crept toward
him from the night.

  “Signy!” he cried, and with running feet
his sister came to him, her arms, white
against the darkness, clasping his neck.

  She kissed him twice; her tears wet his
cheeks. Then she bent to his bound hands

  and strove to loose them. Her fingers were
strong, for a woman’s; but the knots would
not yield. When she had plucked at them
in vain a while, Sigmund bade her cease.

  “I can feel,” he said, “that the cord is too
tight. Leave me, else the wolf will kill you.
Be mindful of our vengeance, sister; in a
little while thou wilt be left alone, of all the
children of Volsung. It is thou who must
avenge us all.”

  “Avenge you I will!” she answered, with
such a fierce passion that even Sigmund,
who knew his sister, marveled. “But I
will not go till I have done that for which I
came. I drugged my guards and escaped;
but I could not drug all those who sleep in
the hall or the servants in the kitchen.
Therefore I could not get knife or sword for
you. Even your bonds I can not loose;
but I have brought that which may help you
when the wolf comes.”

  She drew something from her kirtle, and,
dipping her fingers in it, began to smear his
face with sticky substance.

  “What is that?” he asked; but as he spoke,
a little of the stuff trickled into his mouth.
It was honey.

  “I have heard,” she explained, “that
wild beasts love honey more than flesh.
Your hands are bound, but your teeth are
free. Do you understand?”

  Sigmund laughed savagely.

  “I do! Would that you might turn Sig-
geir into a wolf!”

  “If you live,” she said, “you will hear
from me again. I must go now, ere the
guards wake and miss me. I would stay to
bide the issue with you; but if you escape, it
must not be known that I have helped you.
I must be unsuspected, if I am to serve you
later.”

  “You speak wisely. You and I were born
at one birth; in soul, as in feature, we are
alike. Remember—each moment of your
life—that there is neither rest nor joy for us
till our father and our brothers are avenged.
Neither poison nor* a knife in the back will
serve our purpose; Siggeir must see the
stroke that fells him, must taste his death
in torture and shame!”

  Signy laid her hands on his head.
“Goods, life, honor,” she spoke solemnly,
“all that I have or am, I will give for our
vengeance!”

  “Thou hast sworn. Now flee, ere the
wolf comes!”

Signy disappeared; and Sigmund waited
Vengeance

145

for fate; nor was his waiting pleasant. So
highly was his spirit strung that the honey
smearing his face irked him more than fear
of the wolf’s fangs. It was with relief that,
more than an hour after Signy’s departure,
he saw the flitting shadow that was the
beast gather for its spring.

  In very mid-crouch it checked, rose
stiff-legged and snuffed the air. Sigmund
waited tense and eager. Slowly, nose up
and yellow eyes questing, the wolf trotted
forward, stopping every few steps to sniff
and glare suspiciously; yet ever it came on
again, as if fascinated. At length it leaped
upon the upper beam of the stocks and
resting its hind feet there, planted its fore-
paws on the doomed man’s shoulders. Its
position was cramped, for it was huge—a
great female with chest and shoulders big-
ger than any dog-wolf Sigmund had ever
seen.

  It bent its head toward him; and as its
tongue. touched his cheek, the evil breath
of it stung his nostrils. Sigmund’s muscles
quivered. The beast began to lick the
honey from his face, and he cursed the fate
that had deprived him of the use of his
hands.

  The wolf’s tongue touched his lips, where
the honey was thickest; and at the touch
Sigmund opened his lips a little. The hot,
foul tongue of the monster rested one
moment on his; then, seeking the source of
the sweet stuff, she thrust her tongue deep
within his mouth.

  Instantly Sigmund closed his powerful
jaws, his teeth clamping down on the warm
tongue with all his strength. Snorting with
pain, the wolf heaved back, her legs braced
hard against the beam of the stocks. As
she reared, Sigmund threw back his mighty
shoulders, lifting up as well as he could with
his imprisoned thighs. His grip on the
beast’s tongue tightened; the wolf, slavering
and whining, struggled with savage fury.
Heaving, even as she heaved, Sigmund
heard the braces of the stocks groan, crack
and burst. The last thrust of the wolf’s
legs, given even as he threw back once
more, wrenched the upper beam aside and
flung it down.

  With a strangled grunt of joy, Sigmund
slid to his feet; but his legs, cramped with
confinement, crumpled under him. Yet his
teeth kept their hold, though he rolled from
the log and fell heavily. The wolf was
jerked down over him, her tongue nearly torn

   10

  from her mouth. Her claws tore at him;
she strove in vain to free her jaws and bury
her fangs in his throat.

  Flat on the earth, Sigmund wrenched his
head to and fro, the wolf hurling herself
backward in frantic attempts to tear free.
At last, her forepaws against his shoulders,
she thrust mightly and broke loose. But
she neither bit nor howled; with drooped
head and tail between her legs, she slunk
into the forest, dripping blood from her
black lips and moaning. Sigmund, un-
clenching his teeth, cast her mangled tongue
aside and struggled to his tingling legs.

  With swollen feet he felt about for a
sharp stone; and, stumbling over a jagged
bit of flint, he lay down against it, rubbing
his raw wrists on its edge. It slipped and
moved, so that he could not find it again.
Rising with an effort, he stumbled about in
the dark till he struck against a great bould-
er; and against this he chafed his bonds till
they fell apart.

  Paying no heed to his hurts, he broke into
a lumbering run that bore him deep into the
forest. He had no knowledge of the coun-
try; again and again, in the night, he fell
heavily over stones, or crashed into tree-
trunks; yet ever he rose and ran on, till the
night was far spent, and he with it. He lay
where he fell the last time, and there morn-
ing found him.

CHAPTER IV

OUTCAST

WITH the first light of day he was
up, his wrists and ankles throbbing
with their untended hurts. All about him
stretched a dense, virgin forest of oak and
beech trees immeasurably old, of mighty
girth, that shut out the sun with their leaves.
The ground was thick with fallen leaves and
mast.

  At last he heard the sound of running
water, and in a little while he splashed into
the bed of a clear stream. He flung him-
self prone in it, drinking till he was sated
and letting the cold water cleanse and
freshen his body. Then, walking up-
stream, he bathed his wounds. This done,
he pressed on again, searching the forest all
about him with quick glances. Siggeir’s
men would be on his track soon, if they were
not already; for Siggeir dared not let him
live.
146

Adventure

  The forest seemed endless. On and on he
hastened, till his feet would scarce bear him
and his head grew hot with fever. Rest he
must have, and that soon; but first he must
find a safe place. The forest seemed utterly
wild. He saw no human soul, nor the least
trace that the foot of man had ever passed
there. About the stream had been beast-
tracks, but no spoor of horses, cattle or even
swine.

  He came to rising ground, thick-strewn
with boulders. Up he pressed, thinking the
rough ground would give him the means
of dodging pursuit. The trackless slope
was almost free from undergrowth, so dense
was the foliage and so greedy the roots
of the great trees. The hill grew ever
steeper, till he was forced to climb on hands
and knees and to lift himself over huge
lumps of granite.

  He brought up at last against a sheer
ledge, down which, a little from him, water
poured with a sound of thunder. He made
for the fall, meaning to refresh himself with
the spray of its edges; and when he came
near, he saw, with a thrill of joy, that the
ledge under it was hollowed out, so that a
man might pass between waterfall and
rock. Slipping between, he found, a little
below the level of his shoulders, a cave.

  With his last strength he hoisted himself
up and into its mouth, to fall panting on
its floor. It was long before he gained
energy enough to rise and search it.

  The cave floor was almost level, slanting
at first a little up, then down. Its height
was somewhat more than a man’s and its
breath a good ten feet. Without light,
Sigmund dared not go deeper in; but he had
no need to for the present. It was well
hidden, and its floor was strewn with stones
that would serve for rough weapons.

  He threw himself down to rest, and to
wait. The pursuit would not be long de-
layed. Siggeir would send men enough to
scour the wood from end to end. Sigmund
hoped they would come soon, for he knew
what he had to do and wished it done.

  One moment his nerves were tight
stretched, listening for hoofbeats and the
the clang of mail; the next, he was asleep.
How long he lay there he knew not; but
when he woke, still feverish, but refreshed,
a jumble of sounds rang in his ears; the
shouts of men, the clatter of weapons, all
dimly confused and muffled by the fall of
the waters.

  Sigmund sprang up, his hands fumbling
for a stone. Finding one both weighty and
sharp, he slipped down from the cave-
mouth and peered from behind the screen
of falling water. A shout rang close at
hand; a mailed warrior leaped into view
pointing with his spear toward the ledge.
The man had approached from the side and
had seen both the space between fall and
rock and the shadowy mouth of the cave.

  Sigmund hurled his stone full into the
house-carl’s face. The Goth fell, his skull
shattered. Swiftly Sigmund ran to him,
stripped him of shield, spear and sword, and
glanced about for the next foe.

  A cry of rage warned him barely in time
to spring aside from the swishing flight of a
spear. Two men—two only—were in sight:
one, an officer, yelled an order at the other,
who raised his elm-bow and fitted shaft to
string. It was pointblank arrow range,
and too far for a spear to carry. Yet Sig-
mund hesitating not, hurled his spear even
as the bowstring twanged. The shaft flew
past his ear; in answer to its hum came the
clangor of his weapon tearing through the
archer’s mail. In his extremity, Sigmund
had made such a cast as men might tell of
for generations to come.

  He hurled himself upon the officer, who
stood manfully to meet him, shouting for
help the while. Their blades met with a
grinding clash; but Sigmund’s strength tore
the weapon from the other’s hand. A
second stroke sheared the Goth’s mail, rent
the shoulder asunder and found his heart.

   Sweeping the forest for signs of fresh foes,
Sigmund found none; but he found what
pleased him more. Through the long aisles
of trees a fresh trail was torn—a trail made
by many horses, leading away from him
deep into the wood. The pursuit had passed;
these who had sighted him were stragglers,
whose horses had foundered, leaving them
to follow afoot.

  Swiftly he bore the bodies, first the two
house-carls, then the officer, to his cave;
and, piling the captured weapons beside
them, he went back to cover the traces of
the fight. He smoothed out the deep scores
made by his and the officer’s feet in their
conflict, covered the blood with earth and
leaves and went once more to his cave.
Here, by its mouth, where a little light
filtered in around the fall, he examined his
spoil. He had three suits of mail, two
shields, two undamaged helmets, three
V engeance

147

swords, a spear and a bow and quiver of
arrows.

  The archer had been a big man; his mail,
though somewhat close in fit, would serve.
So would the cloak and breeches, of good,
stout stuff. In the officer’s pouch he found
flint and steel; and, venturing out, he
brought in dry moss and wood for a fire and
torches. He was without food; but when
his pursuers should have passed again, he
would hunt. He sighed at the thought of
food—he was ravenous as a beast. The ex-
ertion of the fight had sent him into a deep
sweat, with which his fever had vanished.

  The days that followed, with the sweet
woodland air, with rest and food—the
forest abounded in game—brought back
abundant strength to Sigmund’s limbs.
Once sure of his endurance, he struck out,
with set, matured purpose, through the
depths of the wood, to find the sea. Ven-
geance—the settled passion of his life—drove
him on. It was in his heart to make the
coast, whatever hazards lay between; to
steal a boat, and so reach his own land.
Once there, he would proclaim to his people
the fate that had overcome his kinsmen,
raise a host, and return to lay Gothland
waste from end to end.

  The plan was ripe, firm at all points. His
ships would fall on Siggeir’s coast by night,
and pour out their crews in a fierce stream;
they would creep through the dark to Sig-
geir’s court, set the garth on fire, and drive
back into the flames all who, fleeing from
the red death, might run on their points.
Signy alone he would spare; she should yet
find happiness with a better husband. As
for Siggeir—at thought of his name Sig-
mund’s teeth ground and his brain went
hot—Siggeir he would take alive and burn
him, very slowly, that his coward’s soul
might fly shrieking to its doom.

  On his broad back Sigmund bore as much
food as he could carry. He wore the mail
he had captured; but, to lighten his march,
he took no weapon but a sword. With
steady stride he marched all day and far
into the night. He was up at dawn; noon
brought him, on a biting wind, the salt tang
of the sea.

  Reaching a fishing village, he laughed
aloud at sight of a score of tiny sails dancing
on the choppy water. But as he strode
toward the landing-place, a great ship of war
swept out from behind the grim headland
that bounded the tiny port. Red shields

gleamed on her bulwarks; at her masthead
fluttered Siggeir’s pennon. So close she
passed that, to avoid discovery, Sigmund
was forced to dodge behind a salting-shed.

  He almost fell over the knees of an old
fisherman who sat on a barnacled post,
mending his net. Sigmund clutched the
gaping peasant by the arm.

  “What do the king’s ships out at this
season?” he asked sharply. “It is over-
nigh winter for cruising.”

  The old man stared in bewilderment.
“You bear the king’s mail,” he faltered,
“and do not know?”

  “As thou seest,” Sigmund retorted.
“Speak, when I bid thee!”

  “They have come back, good sir, from
the conquest of Frakkland.”

  “Frakkland?” Sigmund echoed, his heart
flooding with dismay. “Frakkland—con-
quered—by Siggeir?”

  The old man dropped his net, and scram-
bled to his feet.

  “Who art thou,” he gasped, “not to know
of this? To what man in all Gothland is it
unknown that our king set forth, but
twelve days since, to bring Frakkland under
his rule? And now his dragon-ships re-
turn, victorious. Had he not destroyed
Volsung and all his sons save one? Was it
not meet that he seize the occasion to finish
what he had begun?”

  Sigmund’s eyes burned on him so fiercely
that the fisherman broke off, affrighted.
The hate in the young man’s face roused
him to comprehension; he ducked under
Sigmund’s arm and ran to the shore, scream-
ing in shrill terror:

  “Help, help, ye Goths! Sigmund is here—
the son of Volsung!”

  Cursing his clumsiness, Sigmund left the
fisherman still shrieking and waving his
lean arms at the long-ship. She was almost
past the tiny bay, but on her poop stood a
knot of spearmen, pointing and shouting.
Sigmund, without waiting for pursuit, sped
inland to gain the shelter of the desolate
forest.

  Well for him that he did so; for so close
was the king’s ship to land that the old
man’s cries had been clearly heard aboard
her. As quickly as the helmsman could bring
her about, she was brought in and made fast
to the rotting piles. Ere the fugitive had
reached the nearest trees, a score of house-
carls were after him; others waited only till
their horses could be brought ashore.
148

Adventure

  The bleak depths of the forest opened to
receive the hunted man; and with the
strength of despair he laid the miles of
woodland behind. At first he fled straight
and far, to place as much sheer distance as
he might between himself and Siggeir’s
spears. Then, when he deemed it safe, he
turned aside, dodging and twisting on a
weaving track, till the early night fell. He
felt no shame in flight, for he had no fear.
Death meant nothing to him, who had
defied fire and steel from childhood, who
had seen his father fall at his side, and his
brothers torn to shreds by the wolf—ay, and
himself had been so close to its hot jaws
that the swift, short agony of ax or spear
seemed but a grim jest. He feared nothing
save that he might lose forever his precious
chance of revenge. To avenge his dead he
must live; to five he must keep out of Sig-
geir’s hands. For this he was ready to flee
when he must, though he longed for the joy
of meeting his foes face to face.

  In the first hours of his flight he heard,
over and over again, the faint, far cries of
his baffled enemies. Now, as they caught
the print of his foot in the half-frozen mud
of a stream-bed, they raised the viewhalloo;
then, having changed his course, he left all
sound of them behind. Dusk fell. He had
lost his bearings in his tortuous flight, and
knew not how to reach his cave. A hollow
tree gave him a hiding-place.

, THE tree, an enormous oak, was
’ so rotted out with age, that he
could stretch his long legs at ease
t within it, his back against the
wood. Long he waited, ears stretched for
the least sound of pursuit; but only the
scurrying of little animals, the prowling pads
of greater beasts, or the scuffle and squeak
of hunted wild things, disturbed him. At
length he fell into a deep sleep.

  Just before dawn he awoke, suddenly,
hand on hilt. A glint of trembling red shone
through the hollow oak; rough voices rum-
bled in his ears.

  “They hunt a wolf, but will stoop to a
weasel/' some one spoke from beyond the
crimson tongue of a camp-fire. “It is not
worth Siggeir’s trouble to hunt us, so long
as we disturb him not; but if his carls stum-
ble into us in their chase for Volsung’s son,
then will they slay us to appease the thirst
of their spears.”

  “Why should we not hunt Volsung’s son

also?” The voice that asked was sharp and
shrill, edged with evil. “If we can deliver
him up to Siggeir, our crimes will be for-
given. Mayhap we shall get gold to boot.”
A moment’s silence; then the third spoke:
“Wise words, Hund! Then there will be
an end of our hard life, and we can five at
ease once more in the pleasant towns.
Siggeir will be glad to give us both gold and
pardon. His house-carls are fools, who can
not find their way in the forest; but we,
who know the wood as well as the very foxes,
can easily track down a stranger like
Sigmund.”

  Sigmund sat mouse-still; but the fingers
about his hilt were clenched hard.

  “Look ye, then,” said the first voice, “we
must lay our plans well, and be secret.
There may be many other lawless folk here-
abouts, who, like ourselves, have sought
refuge in this wood. From them we can
have help, but that would mean dividing
the reward. We must keep this secret be-
tween us, and find Sigmund ourselves.”

  He who was called Hund laughed jeer-
ingly.

  “Wisdom was born with thee, Thorir, and
will die with thee!” he mocked. “Has none
told thee that Volsung’s sons were all
big men, wondrous strong, and Sigmund
the mightiest of them all? It will be hard
for any three men to master him. There-
fore I hold it best to get the help of our fel-
low outlaws.”

  The others broke in on him with curses:
“Nay, misbegotten one! We will have
all the gold for ourselves! If thou fearest,
leave it to to us, who are brave!”

  “Not so!” shrilled Hund. “I will strike
as deep as any of ye! And I will have my
share! But if we must do it alone, then
must we find where he hides, and creep up
on him while he sleeps, and bind him.”
His counsel was shrewd, and the others
praised him.

  “Are we agreed, then?” asked the first.
“When light comes, we will separate, and
each hunt Sigmund by himself. Each
night, till we find his lair, we shall meet here
to give account of the search. When we
know where he is, we shall stalk our quarry
in his slumber, all three together.”

  Sigmund heard them with a grim smile.
He moved, very softly, so that he Could peer
out through the hollow.

  Between the great trunks of the oaks
they sat, those three outlawed men; big of
Vengeance

149

limb, all, and heavy-bearded. Their gar-
ments hung in grimy tatters over rusty mail;
their swords were out at scabbard. The
flickering firelight played over their vile fea-
tures, betraying them for the rogues they
were—peaceless men, who warred on the
defenseless and struck in the dark. They
were the first human souls Sigmund had
seen in the forest; and their hands, like all
men’s, were against him. The baseness of
their plot, and the thought that here, in his
last, desperate refuge, such things as these
hunted him, threatened his vengeance,
filled him with fury. He stood alone on
earth, the homes and ways of men closed to
him, the very scum of mankind baying at
his heels. His lip lifted in a snarl; in that
moment he, who before had but defended
himself, became a pitiless killer.

  Inch by inch he edged, on hands and
knees, from the hollow tree, his sword
clenched in his fingers. He was halfway
out when Hund, having thrown more wood
on the fire, looked up; and in the rising flame
saw a fierce face, bristling with stubble,
glaring at him with hot eyes. With a cry
of fear the outlaw scrambled to his feet.

  His comrades leaped up, snatching at
their weapons; but on the instant of their
rising Sigmund was among them. One,
turning at bay with darting point, was
hurled to earth, his skull split at the first
stroke; Thorir fell as he turned to flee;
Hund, shrieking, heard the pad of ruthless
feet behind him for a hundred yards ere
death ended his terror.

  Sigmund scowled into the gray light of
dawn.

  “So there are more of them in the forest?”
he muttered. “Ay, so they said. Good! I
will hunt them ere they hunt me. By all
the gods of Asgard, I will make my name so
terrible to them that they will fling them-
selves into flood or fire rather than face me!”

  He kept his word.

  But he heard nothing of Signy, though
days and years dragged by.

CHAPTER V

THE FIRST STROKE

“TITTLE need I fear thy brother now!”
1' Signy turned her calm gaze on her
husband, standing with widespread legs be-
tween her and the hall fire; but she said
nothing. What should she say?

  Not one word had she had from Sigmund;
nor had such few timid messengers as she
could trust brought back any news of him.
The forest was great, trackless, swarming
with wild beasts and reputed the abode of
demons. Not many dared brave its perils.
She knew not even whether Sigmund yet
lived; this alone she knew: If he lived, he
would neither give up his cherished ven-
geance nor fail to take the first means that
offered to get word to her.

  “He has been eaten by wolves,” Siggeir
taunted her, “or slain by outlaws. I was
overprudent to take such precautions
against him. His valor and strength were
less than men thought; else he had lived and
sought me out with the sword.”

  Signy went on with her sewing.

  “How should one man, however brave,”
she asked, “get at a foe who never shows his
face outside his walls unless a hundred
house-carls attend him? If thou hast any
wish to meet Sigmund, go alone into the
forest. But, as thou sayest, he is doubtless
dead. A kind husband thou hast been to
me, to bring about the death of all my kin.”

  Though her words were bitter, her tone
was unmoved. She bit off her thread and,
laying her work aside, arose.

  “Since thou no longer hast cause to fear
my brother, wilt thou give me leave to
build me a bower where my father’s sons
were slain by the wolf? It is now ten years
since Sigmund escaped, and in all that time
nothing has been heard of him. I would
fain have a place to mourn my brethren; nor
is there anywhere a fitter place than where
they died.”

  Siggeir regarded her a moment, his eyes
filmed with suspicion. She had been a
docile wife and had borne him two strong
sons; but she was of the Volsung blood, un-
likely to forget an injury. Yet, if Sigmund
still lived, he would surely have struck be-
fore this, even though he cherished scant
hope of success; for the Volsungs were
proud and reckless, prone to give their
passions full course, though they died for it.
All in all, Siggeir saw no reason why the
building of that bower by the stocks at the
forest edge could work him harm. He was
more afraid of his wife’s quiet, unrevealed
resentment than of the flaming spirit of her
brother, dead or no. A woman who en-
dured all things so quietly, neither breaking
nor retaliating, was as strong and deep as
the sea. It would be as well to yield to her
150

Adventure

in small things; it might help her to forget
how cruelly he had injured her.

 “Thou shalt have thy bower,” he an-
swered, his lips framing a twisted smile.
“Give orders how thou wilt have it built,
and I will see it done.”

  She thanked him quietly and passed out
into the kitchens.

  Siggeir stood staring after her. A stately
woman this, unbent by suffering; there was
no thread of gray in her spun-gold hair, nor
a wrinkle marring her face. How could
she bear up thus under the load of grief he
had put upon her? Well he knew she had
not forgotten; well he knew she did not love
him. But he never perceived the full, deep
tide of her hate, that so filled her as to
leave no room for other emotions. Her
hate for Siggeir—unlike Sigmund’s—was
not one that burned the soul and seared the
features, not one that set the weary body
twisting and the nerves throbbing in the
very depth of sleep.

  She was content to live on, doing her
daily task, waiting patiently for the time
ordained of the gods. The revenge for
which she lived was, to her mind, as sure of
fulfilment as the coming of spring after
winter—she looked forward to it as a maid
bethrothed looks forward to marriage. It
was the fixed and certain culmination of
her desires. For this reason hatred, though
coursing through her veins with her blood,
did not age her; nor did grief—lulled by the
constant thought of the revenge to come—
mark her loveliness with the lines of sorrow.
Woman though she was, she was the strong-
est soul of all the House of Volsung.

  For once Siggeir kept his word to her.
That same day he sent laborers with adze
and saw and hammer, to build the bower
where the stocks had been. Oxen hauled
seasoned timber from his yards to the spot
and the work went forward briskly. In
three days the bower was finished. The pun-
gent smell of balsam hung about the wood;
rich webs of tapestry clothed the walls;
vessels of gold and silver adorned table and
chests. The floor was strewn with fresh
rushes, and in the hearth glowed a hot fire.

  The king himself brought his wife to see
the abode he had built for her. With a
strange feeling, half pity, half desire to taunt
her, he had seen himself to the adornment of
the walls and the service of precious metal.
Everything there, from the simplest brooch
to the richly molded flagons, was spoil his

crews had ravished from conquered Frakk-
land—from the very hall of her father.

  Seeing these, she understood; and for the
first time since Sigmund’s flight her hate
touched the springs of passion. Yet, with
cunning strength, she dissembled, after a
single stolen glance at her husband’s girdle,
where hung the sword that Sigmund had
wrenched from the Branstock. When Sig-
geir left her alone with her devoted maid-
servant, she began to weep, thinking of the
happy days of girlhood, of her brothers, and
all the many scenes which these precious
things about her called to memory.

  Her tears fell fast, at first silently, then
with sobs that racked her breast. It was
long ere, weary to exhaustion, she fell asleep.
When she woke, the torches were out; and
she knew it for the dead of night. The fire
had died down to a heap of red coals; the
windless night was bleakly chill. Shivering,
Signy roused her maid.

  “Is it midnight yet, Valrun?” she asked.

  The maid nodded, then, remembering the
dark, she answered aloud.

  “Ay, for the king’s guard has been
changed. I heard their calls from the
garth.”

  “Make up the fire, and light a torch.”

  The maid fetched fresh wood from the
outhouse, and heaped it on the coals. When
the flames filled the room with their gleam,
Valrun saw that the queen had drawn the
thick hangings across those windows which
gave on the clearing and the royal court
beyond.

  “What need of a torch?” asked Valrun.
“Is the firelight not enough?”

  “Not for my need. Nay, do not close the
hangings there; I would breathe the odors
of the forest. What guards have been set
here?”

  “Few,” the maid answered, “this being so
near the garth. Ulfgeir and two house-
carls watch on the forest edge.”

  Signy smiled strangely

  “Go out, and bid Ulfgeir come to me,”
she ordered.

  The maid put on her cloak, and departed.

  Ulfgeir! Signy smiled at the strange fatu-
ity that made her husband, in most things
so shrewd a plotter, so blind where she was
concerned. He had set Ulfgeir to watch
her, as he had given her Valrun for a maid;
the two were brother and sister. Valrun
had loved one of the king’s officers, and
Signy secretly gave the girl a dowry out of
Vengeance

151

her own brideprice. When Valrun’s hus-
band fell in battle with the Danes and the
young wife, overwhelmed with grief, gave
birth to a dead child, Signy’s tenderness to
her won Ulfgeir’s devotion.

  Not three months since he owed her a
greater debt. Six of Siggeir’s long-ships
had sunk in a sudden storm, and the king,
superstitious ever, laid his misfortune to
spells cast by Ulfgeir’s ancient mother,
Gunnhild, who bore the name of a witch.
By Signy’s connivance the old woman had
made her escape from court and now lay
hidden in a distant village. Thus the
brother and sister, set by Siggeir to spy on
his wife, had become devoted to her. Ulf-
geir was a brave man and honorable; he
would do nothing to betray his master; but
it would not occur to him to question too
closely anything Signy might ask.

  Ulfgeir entered behind Valrun, closing the
door at once to shut out the keen winter air.
Signy went to meet him and laid a hand on
his arm.

  “It is cold for you out there,” she said, her
face kindly anxious.

  “We have a fire,” he answered, touched
by her concern.

  “Ye need more, on such a night. Bring
your men within my bower, to comfort
themselves with warmth and wine for an
hour. Ye can protect me here as well as a
spear-cast away; and if the king’s command
keep you on post, ye can go back after ye
are well-warmed.”

  Ulfgeir was a good soldier, whose valor
had earned his rank; but he was slow of wit.

  “It is well said,” he bowed. “For myself
I care little, but my men are cold. We will
bide with you a little while and go back
again.”

  He brought in his two house-carls, rough,
shag-bearded champions, a little awed at
their queen’s graciousness; but the wine
eased their minds and lightened their
tongues. Within the hour they were warm,
filled with good drink and overflowing with
gratitude. Ulfgeir himself was very merry;
he could not hold much drink. His speech
thickened and he was almost maudlin with
the sense of Signy’s kindness to poor
soldiers.

  Watching, Signy urged fresh drink on
him; and when he had lost all caution she
heaped the measure of his devotion full by
the gift of a jeweled mantle-clasp. He rose
to go, bowing awkwardly over her hand.

  “We must to post,” he stammered.
“Would I could repay your kindness, lady!”
“Thou canst,” she told him in a voice low
with confidence. “The king has built me
this bower that I might mourn here for my
brothers, slain by the wolf on this very spot.
Thou rememberest? My grief for them gives
me no rest. I would fain speak with their
ghosts, if they will come to me. It is the
only way to ease my bursting heart.”
Ulfgeir nodded. He would fain have said
something to comfort this gentle lady, whom
he pitied with all his heart; but his wine-
soaked tongue refused its service. It was
some moments before his sodden mind
grasped the full import of what she had said;
when it did, his teeth began to chatter.

  “The ghosts of the Volsungs!” he qua-
vered. “They will come here? Nay, Odin
forbid! We are Siggeir’s men, their foes—
they will tear us to pieces!”

  Signy smiled.

  “It is well known that the ghosts of the
slain come back to destroy their enemies,”
she said, and smiled again to see the valiant
knees of Ulfgeir knock together. “But they
will not harm you, who have ever been kind
to me. Yet since they will come from the
forest, whither their flesh was borne in the
body of the wolf, it were better that ye
leave your post between this bower and the
trees, and bide on the other side of the bower,
with it between you and the wood. Then,
if the ghosts of my brothers visit me, they
will not see you.”

  Ulfgeir assented eagerly; and with all the
speed his legs could compass he drove his
men to fetch brands from their camp-fire
to a safer post on the court side of the bower.
When they were gone, Signy turned to her
maid.

  “Kindle a new torch!” she bade; and the
woman touched a length of fat pine to the
fire.

  Signy reached out a hand to take it, but
Valrun turned to her with anxious eyes.

  “What do you with my brother, mis-
tress?” she questioned. “Having made
him drunk, you send him from his post."
What if the king learn of this?”

  “Trust me!” Signy answered. “I will
save him from all blame, if thou and he but
hold your tongues.”

  Signy advanced to the uncurtained win-
dow that gave on the wood and swung the
torch to and fro till her arm was weary.

  It was her hope that Sigmund, if he still
152

Adventure t

lived, would see her signal. As she had
tried everything open to her to get word to
him, so she still hoped, even against reason,
that he might still watch for some message
from her. Only death could make him for-
get either his revenge or his love for her; if
he lived, he must surely still think of her and
wait for a sign from her. It was with this
in her thoughts that she had asked Siggeir
for the bower.

  But though she stood by the window all
night, lighting torch after torch, resting
only to bid her maid take her place, no
answer came from the forest. With dawn
she gave over and flung herself exhausted
on her bed.

  With dawn, also, Ulfgeir and his men
went back to their first post, very glad to
have seen no Volsung ghosts. Here Siggeir
found them. When he entered the bower,
Signy slept so soundly that he would not
waken her. She roused at last to find him
standing over her.

   He smiled at her heavy eyes.

   “It is plain to see that you mourned last
night,” he said.

  His voice was gentle, but there was a
mocking glint in his eye. He wished to
placate her and yet found it hard to cease
his habitual taunting.

   “And so I shall for many nights to come,”
she answered, “till the load of grief has left
-my heart.”

  “May that time come soon!” he said. “I
like not dull faces about me.”-
The next night also, and the next, Signy
spent like the first; and her heart sank in
her breast. Surely Sigmund must come—
unless he were dead! That she would not
believe. Ulfgeir and his men came each
night, as before, for their drink and a seat by
the warm fire; when they had done, they
stood guard on that side of the bower fur-
thest from the forest. Though no ghosts
came, they still feared.

   On the fourth night Ulfgeir grew bolder.
As he sat drinking in the bower, a thought
took shape in his mind; though he said
nothing of it, it grew to a firm resolve. At
the wonted time he withdrew with his men;
and after an hour at the fire, he stirred.

  “Bide ye here, lads!” he commanded. “I
go to look for ghosts!”

  This was not the truth, for there was
nothing he wished less to see than the ghost
of Volsung, or even the least of Volsung’s
sons. But he was pot-valiant tonight, hav-

ing drunk more than was his wont. He had
never feared mortal man; and, having never
seen a ghost, he thought it unlikely he
should see one now. If the ghosts of Signy’s
kin could walk, why had they not shown
themselves ere this? Three whole nights
she had waited for them. It would be a
brave thing to boast of to his followers, if he
could tell them he had defied the spirits and
walked to the very edge of the forest. Sober,
he would not have dared; drunk, he deemed
the risk slight and the glory great. He
walked unsteadily around the house.

  At the very moment of his rising, Signy
drew back from her window chalk-white
and opened the bower door with trembling
fingers. Ulfgeir turned the corner of the
building just in time to see her run toward
the wood. He followed after, wondering
stupidly and half-afraid. Then, suddenly,
he stopped still, the hair rising on his neck.
A cold wind seemed to ripple up his spine.
With a howl of terror he turned and ran to
his comrades. Smitten with his fright, they
fled for the garth.

  What he had seen was a tall shape in
armour, outlined against the trees by the
stream of light from the one uncurtained
window. The figure was huge, far great-
er than man—or so it seemed to his
wine-glazed, panic-dazzled eyes—majestic,
mighty-limbed, bearded from eyes to waist.
The shape stood motionless, as a god might
stand—or a ghost! And his mind being
filled with ghosts, Ulfgeir was certain that
the vision boded ill.

  Signy, her heart beating high with joy,
ran toward the shape with outstretched
arms. It moved, strode toward her, and
clasped her to its mailed breast.

  “Sigmund—my brother!” she whispered;
and the son of Volsung held her close, strok-
ing her golden hair.

  “Night after night have I watched for
you!” she panted, her voice muffled against
his deep chest.

  “Night after night have I come hither,”
he answered, “to this very spot, waiting for
you. All these ten years have I waited,
missing only those first weeks when I feared
pursuit, and times since when I could not
come. Think you I could forget?”

  “But the last three nights-”

  “I have been in hiding from foes, outlaws
whom I hunted till they banded together,
and turned the hunt against me. They cut
me off from this side of the forest. Last
Vengeance

153

night, thinking me far away, they slept. I
crept upon them and slew them. How
fares it with you?”

   She wasted no words, coming straight to
 what was in her heart.

   “I bide the time for our vengeance. And
 you?”

   Sigmund kissed her.

  “There spoke Volsung’s daughter. I,
too, bide my time. I am alone, like a wolf
driven from the pack. Without help, I
cannot strike against Siggeir, surrounded as
he is by many house-carls. Had I but one
stout comrade of Volsung’s blood, I would
find a way. But there is none—I am the
last man of our line; and none but a child of
Volsung would dare the perils of the ven-
geance I have planned.”

   “You would dare—with but one to help?”
she questioned. “One, of Volsung’s blood?”
“Ay. There is a way. Listen!” He
bent to whisper in her ear.

   She smiled up at him. “Then I can help
you. I have two sons by Siggeir—and
Volsung was grandsire to them both!”
“Thou wouldst give me a child of thine,
to help me slay its own father?”

  “My brother, thou canst not know my
joy if a son of mine should deal the murderer
of our folk his death blow.”

  Sigmund held her off from him, and
looked long into her eyes.

   “Thou art indeed a child of heroes!” he
 cried. “I will take thy gift—may it prove
 "a good one! Thy sons have Volsung’s blood,
 but they have Siggeir’s also. If they are
 men like our father, they will serve; but if
 they be cowards like him who begat them, we
 must find other means. What is their age?”
 “The elder is nine years, the younger
 eight. Thou art content to wait for ven-
 geance till they are of age to help thee?”
 Sigmund smiled bitterly.

  “Look upon me, sister. Thou hast
changed little with the years; but I am an-
other man. Hardship and loneliness have
dealt harshly with me; but so do I feel
toward thy husband, that I could wait till
age bent me double, and turned my strength
to weakness, if waiting could make my
vengeance surer, and the more cruel.

  “What are the passing years? Nothing
in all this earth is sweet to me, save the
thought of Siggeir under my spear, and the
fear of me in his eyes. Send me thy eldest
son; I will make him a man, and when he is
ripe, I will use him for our revenge.”

  Signy nodded. “Do thou come hither
tomorrow night,” she said. “I will have
him for thee. Teach him to hate, as I
hate.”

  “Have no fear—if he be a man!”

  He kissed her, and vanished among the
trees.

ULFGEIR saw him go; for Ulf-
geir was no coward, and, taking
his fear in his hands, he had
crept back, alone, to the very
bower-door. Brother and sister spoke so
softly that he could hear no word; but he
saw them kiss, and felt the ice of terror in
his very marrow. For the great, mailed
form in Signy’s embrace had the carriage
and face of Volsung, whom Ulfgeir had
seen slain years before.

  He never dreamed it was Sigmund—
Sigmund he had last known as a young
man, beardless and handsome; and this
vision was like a man of forty, with cheeks
deep-furrowed, scarred with wounds and
seamed with care.

  Signy found the Goth leaning against her
door-post, sick from fear.

  “What dost thou here?” she chided him.

  “The ghost—the ghost of Volsung!” he
babbled.

  “It has not harmed thee, nor will it.”
She smiled, understanding his delusion, and
bending it to her purpose.

  “He will come again tomorrow night; but
if nothing is said of his visits, he will spare
thee and thy men. If any of ye speak of
it—”

  Ulfgeir raised his trembling hands, and
swore eternal silence.

  “Then go!” she ordered. “Find the
house-carls, and bid them hold their tongues,
if they would live!”

  Ulfgeir, who alone knew what had
frightened him, went straight to seek his
men. He found them cowering in the hall,
surrounded by the night guard, prating of
they knew not what. They had seen no
ghost; it was their officer’s panic which had
sent them scurrying.

  His pallor loosed a flood of questions
from his fellow-officers.

  “A troll appeared to me, riding a wolf,
with a serpent for bridle!” he lied.

  “Then, by the gods, we go not back!”
swore his shivering house-carls.

  “Nay, fear not,” he reassured them—■
himself still in woeful fear—“she rides to
154

A.dventure

Norway, where there is war. She promised
to give us no trouble henceforth.”

  But it took three measures of stinging ale
to give his men the courage to resume their
watch over the bower.

a SIGNY did not trouble to signal
her brother on the following
night. He had promised to come
andknew the way. So she lay
quiet in her bed in the darkened bower, her
maid asleep at her feet, and her elder boy
by her side. No light, no fire burned to be-
tray the midnight visitor. Ulfgeir and his
house-carls, having drunk themselves full to
keep up courage, dozed over their camp-fire.

  Signy lay with eyes closed—that she
might not see; her brother, wise with the
wisdom of adversity, needed no active help
from her. She heard nothing save the
heavy breathing of the maid; saw nothing;
but, a little after midnight, she felt the boy
drawn gently from her arms, and a puff of
cold air from the door. She stretched^out
her arms and felt the warm, empty place
where her son had lain; and she smiled.

  “Odin grant him worthy of his grand-
sire’s blood!” she whispered and fell into a
sound sleep.

  When she awoke, the dawn light was gray
in the bower. Glancing at the sleeping
maid, she sat upright, flung her hair into
wild disorder, and shrieked. Valrun leaped
from her couch, staring wildly from sleep-
weighted eyes—one glance at the queen,
wailing over the child’s empty pillow, and
the girl ran out crying for help.

  Ulfgeir and his guards, heavy with ale,
clanked over the threshold.

  “My son, my son!” sobbed Signy. “My
eldest born, the heir of my lord! He is
gone!”

  The soldiers cast furtive looks at each
other, and at their officer. “How shall it
go with us,” one muttered, “when the king
hears of this?”

  This thought had been uppermost in
Ulfgeir’s mind; but he was a good man, and
felt shame that his own danger troubled
him more than the queen’s grief.

  “Into the forest!” he cried. “This is the
work of some beast—wolf or bear. Search
for tracks!”

  He ran into the wood, the house-carls at
his heels. Not one of the three but shiv-
ered to think that that which had stolen the
boy might be a ghost rather than a beast of

prey. Had not Ulfgeir seen a troll? Had
they not feared Siggeir so much, they would
not have been so swift to venture the perils
of the haunted forest.

  When they were gone, Signy turned to
her maid.

  “Thou lovest me?” she asked.

  “Hast thou not always shown me kind-
ness?” the girl replied. “As my life I love
thee.”

  “Thou wilt not betray me, then, neither
for gold nor from fear?”

  Valrun looked long and steadily into
Signy’s eyes. “If thou hadst not trusted
me,” she said, “thou wouldst have sent me
away before thou didst summon the ghost
from the forest; and now I am sure it was
the ghost that took the boy. I see it was
thy will the child should go. I know not
what this means; but I am content if thou
art. Neither bribes shall buy thy secret
from me, nor torture force it from my lips—
provided no harm comes to my brother!”
“Trust me for that!” Signy agreed. “Now
go to the hall, and say to the king that
wolves have taken his son.”

        ULFGEIR and his men returned
late at night, stumbling with fa-
SgraKjr tigue, faint from hunger, and slow
with their fear. After them strag-
gled others, whom Siggeir had sent by scores
to search for his child. No trace nor track
had they found, either of man or of beast;
for the ground was iron-hard with frost.
They came trembling into Siggeir’s presence.

  The king sat in his high seat, his face
twisted with grief and fury. When Ulf-
geir’s men approached, he rose up and
stormed at them.

  “Curs are ye, that make yourselves fat on
my bounty, and neither bark, nor bite my
foes! Ye shall hang, all three!”

  But Signy cast herself at his feet, her
eyes swollen with tears, her arms clasping
his knees.

  “Slay them not, my lord!” she begged.
“Faithfully have they watched; but in the
dark the gray wolf may go so soft that
neither eyes can see nor ears hear him.
They have served you well before, and will
serve the better if you pardon them.”
“Have you no love for your child?”
Siggeir raged at her. She burst into a
fresh passion of grief; and he could not
doubt her sorrow. But doubts of one thing
he had—doubts that fed his wrath.
Vengeance

155

  “Can a wolf open a door?” he cried.
“This is the deed of men, not of beasts!”
“Had it been men, we should both have
seen and heard,” Ulfgeir ventured.

  “Ye lie!” the king shouted, shaking his
clenched hands at them. “It was men; and
ye slept, or dared not face them!”

  Ulfgeir—who had not slept, and held it
impossible for any man to slip past his vigi-
lance—drew himself up in injured pride.
The recollection that he had been heavy
with drink gnawed at his conscience; but
this made him protest the more vehemently.

  “We were not asleep!” he retorted, “nor,
had we been afraid, would fear have kept us
from sending one man to rouse your guard.
It was either a wolf or—a ghost!”

  Siggeir started as if a blade had pierced
his heart. Old memories that had well nigh
faded, fears he had deemed dead, surged
over his guilty heart.

  “A ghost?” he echoed. “Ay, a ghost in-
deed! It was Volsung’s ghost that hath done
this deed—or—perchance Sigmund lives!”
He stood stiff and still, his brain slow to
cope with this new terror; but in a little
while the color flowed back into his cheeks,
and breath came freer. His eyes fastened
on his wife, still lying at his feet.

  “There has been no proof of Sigmund’s
death,” he spoke slowly, the throbbing of
his heart breaking his speech. “If he lives
—after all these years—if his hand be in
this, then there are those who have helped
him!”

  Stooping, he caught his wife’s arm in iron
fingers.

  “Speak, thou!” he ordered fiercely. “Re-
member thou art more than Sigmund’s
sister—thou art my wife! Hast thou con-
spired with him to rob me of my son?”
Signy met his gaze steadily, no sign of
guilt in her grief-stricken face. She seemed
suddenly old; her eyes showed only truth
and sorrow.

  “Would I give up my own child to one who
hates his father? And if so, thinkest thou
that, if Sigmund lived, thou wouldst still
live too? Could a living man steal past the
guards, or take my child from my arms
without waking me? Say thou, rather, if
it was not the ghost of my father, or of one
of my brethren, whom thou didst slay
treacherously?”

  Siggeir’s glare wavered; his rage was
mastered by wo and fear. Surely a mother
would not willingly lose her child; and Signy

was a most tender mother. He had seen
her with their sons, and knew she loved
them more than she had ever loved him.

  It was truly much more likely that a ghost
had stolen the boy than that Ulfgeir, most
faithful of officers, should let a living foe
slip by him. All men knew that ghosts stole
children; all men knew that the ghosts of
the foully slain come back to avenge them-
selves on their murderer. Would there be
more vengeance yet? The king’s limbs
trembled; he sank into his seat, and covered
his face with his hands.

  “My son, my son!” he mourned. “Why
will the dead not let me be?”

CHAPTER VI

THE SECOND STROKE

f 11HE bower by the forest stood empty.

     Siggeir had decreed that none should
go nigh the haunted spot. Signy bided at
home, perforce, her face masked in sadness,
her heart on fire with hope.

  She knew she was watched; her husband,
convinced though he was that the ghosts of
his foes, and not their living arms, had
stolen his son, yet doubted his wife. She
was Volsung’s daughter; might not her dead
kin work their will through her?

  He kept her ever by him, and at night she
could not stir from his side. He was de-
termined none should speak with her, man
or ghost, without his knowledge. Yet
Signy was not discouraged; there would be
some way to get word to her brother. Sig-
mund was shrewd, and she herself no fool.
She spoke not save when the king addressed
her, but her eyes roved to Valrun’s, when-
ever the maid came to her. And Valrun
understood.

  None thought to restrain Valrun; she was
a Goth born, sister to one of Siggeir’s bravest
officers. Thus it chanced that Valrun—her
pulses hammering with fear of the unknown
—slipped out one night to the forest, ten
days after the child had been taken. For
most of that interval Siggeir’s house-carls
had quartered the forest, searching for any
sign of Sigmund, living or dead; for the
king, who had never taken chances in his
life, meant to take none now. Men they
found—outlaws, wretched things in rags and
shreds of mail; half-starved folk who knew
nothing, and could but whine at their own
hardships.
Adventure

  These, wherever caught, told always the
same tale: They were poor folk, who had
fled to the wood to escape justice, but had
done no great wrong. Nay, they had seen
no man in the forest save other poor folk like
themselves; but there was One that hunted
them, and It they feared above all things,
for It leaped upon them like the thunder-
bolt, slaying, and sparing none.

  “Sigmund!” the king’s men whispered to
one another; but the outlaws shook fright-
ened heads.

  “It is no man, but a fiend—one of the
offspring of Loki the Evil God!” they stam-
mered. “We know! If it were a man, we
could have slain him; but, though ten of us
go against It at once, It slays, and takes no
hurt. No man could do this!”

  “No man indeed!” the soldiers muttered;
and they reported to Siggeir that a devil
haunted the wood.

  To Siggeir that devil assumed the face
and shape of Sigmund; but he was certain
now that it was Sigmund’s ghost. The
searching ceased. It does no good to hunt
the dead; nor would his house-carls any
longer enter the forest. Thus Sigmund owed
his safety to those three rascals who, long
since dead, had plotted to betray him to
Siggeir, and who had succeeded only in
making him a terror to all their kind.

  The search thus ended, Valrun found none
between her and the royal garth to bar her
way. Well she knew what her mistress
wanted. In her own heart she thought the
vision of that first night in the bower a
ghost; but, recalling its seamed and worn
visage, she held it for the ghost of the
queen’s father. Signy wanted her to find
the ghost, and talk to it. She would sooner
have faced pestilence or torture; but, loving
her mistress as a dog loves its master, she
went.

  Once swallowed up by the forest, she fell
a prey to her fears; all the more when the
dense blackness laid its spell on her. Her
feet made eerie rustling noises in the dead
leaves; the forest chill struck to her heart.
Ever and again she blundered into a tree, or
caught her hair in its branches; twigs snap-
ped back in her face, bringing tears to her
eyes. She was in a very panic of terror
when something fell hard on her shoulder.
She shrieked; and a heavy hand clapped
across her mouth.

  But the touch of that hand, the warm
reality of it, brought her courage flooding

back. This was not the wan, chill touch of
a ghost; it was alive like herself. The hand
passed swiftly over her face, her shoulders,
her hair.

  “Thou art too short for Signy!” a voice
rumbled. “Her servant, then?”

  “Her maid, Valrun,” the girl answered
boldly. “She wished me to come, being
close watched herself.”

  “What is her will?”

  It was weird to hear that heavy voice, so
close, yet out of a darkness so black that
not a line t>f face or figure could be seen.

  “That I know not, having had no chance
to speak with her. I know only what her
looks told me; that I must come and speak
with thee. How didst thou find me in this
dark?”

  “Thy feet made noise enough to betray
thee,” the unseen answered. “I have
watched at the forest edge since the house-
qirls gave up the hunt for me. It was easy
to follow thee here, where none could spy
upon us. So I am to speak with thee, not
knowing what my sister wishes?”

“Thy sister? Thou art Sigmund, then?”
After a moment’s silence the man replied:
“Since thou art faithful to my sister, I
may tell thee. Ay, I am Sigmund. Tell
the queen that her son is a coward, of no
use to me or himself.

  “He fears the beasts of the forest, fears
steel, fears the look of my eyes. I have tied
him up in my lair; he whines at the pain of
the cords, though they are loose. Ask
Signy what I shall do with him. Come to-
morrow night with her answer. Now I will
lead thee back, lest thou lose thyself.”

ALL the next day Valrun waited
her time to speak with Signy; and
it came at last. Siggeir was in-
specting his ships of war, seeing
to their condition ere they should be shedded
for the winter; he had left his queen in the
hands of Radgeir—once chief of the coast-
guard, now First Spear of his house-carls.
This was a stern man, devoted to his lord,
distrustful of all others. Signy would have
no commerce with her kin, ghosts or men,
so long as Radgeir lived.

  But Radgeir had no orders to keep Val-
run from her mistress. The two were sew-
ing together, the girl at Signy’s feet; and
ever and anon Valrun would show the queen
her work, as if asking approval. Signy
would nod, and bend again over her task.
Vengeance

157

For some hours Radgeir watched them
closely; for a little longer he watched list-
lessly; then he ceased to heed them at all,
save to see that none came nigh them with-
out his knowledge. When he was turned
away from them, Signy—who had marked
the eager light in her servant’s eyes—bent
over Valrun, holding her sewing as if to
show the girl how the work should be done.

  “Thou hast news!” she whispered; and
Valrun poured out Sigmund’s message as
fast as her mistress could grasp the soft-
uttered words.

  When she understood, her face darkened
with pain; but her eyes were hard.

  “My son a coward!” she murmured. “Ah,
the gods have spared me nothing!”

  A little while she sat so, her hand clutch-
ing her heart, her eyes wet and burning;
then she bent down again, and whispered—
“Say to my brother that I will send my
other son as soon as may be. Mayhap he
will prove his mother’s child. As for the
first—bid my brother look to it that the
blood of Volsung shall not be reproached
with flowing in a coward’s veins!”

  The girl shuddered; but that night she
crept out again, and did as she was told.
Sigmund slew the child in its sleep.

HAVING given up his elder
son for lost, Siggeir kept strictest
watch over the one that was left
him. He would scarce let the
boy out of his sight, day or night; he took
him with him on the hunt, on his royal
progress from town to town, out to the
farms where the king surveyed the winter
care of his herds and his horses. At night
the child slept in a little bed beside the
royal couch; a guard was set without the
chamber, and a strong force posted at each
door. Even Signy was scarce allowed to
see her son alone.

  But Signy was patient. Ten years had
she waited for her revenge; she’would wait
ten more, or twenty, if need were. The
death of her first child had caused her little
pain: he was Siggeir’s son, she thought,
more than hers. She had borne him, but
there was none of her spirit in him. Since
he was a coward, like his father, it was
right that he should die.

  But she hoped better things of the other.
It would be sweet to know that he had his
grandsire Volsung’s fierce, brave heart;
that one day he would avenge his kin.

She never saw him without searching his
innocent eyes for some sign of the high Vol-
sung pride; she scanned his tender limbs for
traces of the mighty Volsung frame that
one day might be his. Those little fingers
would some day swing a sword; those baby
eyes kindle with the hot lust of fight.

  Sigmund was weary of watching and
waiting. Learning from Valrun how close
a watch was kept over his sister’s second
son, he spent his days contriving a way to
get at him. Signy could not help; Valrun
had not the cunning to be more than a tool,
and he could think of no way to use her.
But that much Signy did for him.

  “Thy mother is a witch,” she said one
day to Valrun, none overhearing them.

  “So men say,” the girl answered.

  “She is a good one?”

  “She can foretell the future, and brew
potions; men say she makes spells that
can turn men into beasts, but that is
false.”

  “The king would kill her, if he could find
her,” Signy went on. “Why does she not
turn her witchcraft against him?”

  “For my brother’s sake, and mine,”
Valrun explained. “Ulfgeir has forbidden
her to harm the king; otherwise she would
do so, for she hates him.”

  “Thou knowest her hiding-place?”

  Valrun nodded.

  “Go to her, then, tonight, and tell her
what I bid thee.” Signy whispered in the
girl’s ear; and Valrun, at first frightened,
smiled after a little.

  Sigmund waited long for Valrun that
night; and when at last she came, Gunnhild
the Witch was with her. He could not see
them for the dark; but his forest-trained ear
warned him that two approached the meet-
ing-place. Waiting till they were close, he
drew his sword, and bade them stand.
Valrun’s voice reassured him.

  “I bring thee another who hates Siggeir,”
she said; and told him that Signy had bidden
her bring him the hunted witch.

  It was two nights before the Yule Feast,
when, as men believe, witches and all evil
powers have greater might than at other
times. Having passed ten years in a forest
reputed the haunt of wicked spirits, Sig-
mund was less afraid of the old woman than
another would have been; but he was not
comfortable in her presence.

  “Why dost thou hate Siggeir?” he ques-
tioned her.
158

Adventure

  “Seek not to know what does not concern
thee, Sigmund!” she made answer.

  He was astonished at her voice. It was
clear, like the sound of a flute, with no trace
of age marring it; and she spoke with the
force of one who expects to be listened
to. He took her up sharply; for he was no
man to be cowed by an old woman, witch
or no.

  “How does my name concern thee?” he
asked.

  “Mayhap I seek an ally against my
enemy; mayhap thou canst use my help.
What better ally can I have than one who
seeks blood-vengeance on him who has
harmed me? What better help canst thou
have than mine, when none other is offered
thee?”

  Sigmund did not ask what pledge of good
faith she could offer: her presence there, with
Valrun, and the message from Signy, were
surety enough.

  “How canst thou help me?” he demanded.
“Wilt thou cast a spell on Siggeir, that he
may go mad, and rush into the forest, where
I may seize him?”

  The witch laughed; and the sound of it
was music. Its youthfulness, in one old
enough to be Ulfgeir’s mother, was grislier
than any display of fallen chops, beaked
nose, or hooked chin.

  “Nay, for I have sworn to work no
magic on him. But I can give thee a sleep-
ing potion, and leave the rest to thee.”

  Valrun stood silent, her arm in her weird
mother’s; and to her it was a grim and awful
thing to hear those two voices from the
dark, each edged with hate, each seeming
more than human in the power and daring
of the speaker. They spoke and answered
unseen, like disembodied spirits. When the
girl spoke, it was to calm her own terrors
more than to offer help.

  “Why should not I administer the po-
tion?” she asked. “Being of the court, I
can go about in it unquestioned, whereas
Sigmund risks death.”

  “Because thou art my daughter, bound
by my oath!” the old woman retorted. “If
thou wert caught, it would go hard with
Ulfgeir. This is Sigmund’s affair; let him
manage it.”

  While the old woman spoke, Sigmund’s
plan had been forming. His heart glowed
with renewed hope.

  “Where do they keep their drink?” he
questioned.

  “The ale-casks lie in a shed beyond the
kitchens,” Valrun answered, “far enough
from the fire to freeze.”

SIGMUND understood, for he
knew the custom. The Yule
Feast was the great winter festi-
val to the gods. Since it was not
fit that men should drink ordinary liquor on
such a high occasion, the strongest ale was
chosen, and set where all would freeze save
an inner core, which would take on triple
strength through the absorption of the
water in the frozen rim. Of this thrice-
strengthened core the warriors would drink
their Yule toasts; and few would go to bed
on their own feet.

  He laughed scornfully, thinking how he
would play with Siggeir’s Yule drink.

  “On which side of the garth is the ale-
house?” he asked, “and how near the pali-
sade?”

  “Within ten paces, on the south.”

“Then bid my sister drink sparingly!”
The witch Gunnhild echoed his laugh, and
touched his shoulder with her cold fingers.

  “It is given me to see somewhat into
hidden things,” she said. “I tell thee now,
Sigmund, that in this which thou art about
to undertake thou shalt succeed; and yet
thou shalt fail. Nor will thy vengeance be
fulfilled till thou hast the help of one in
whom Volsung’s blood is untainted by
Siggeir’s!”

  “What mean these riddles?” he asked
angrily. “And what is thy concern in my
vengeance?”

  The witch answered slowly, with a touch
of bitterness:

  “My hate of Siggeir is like thine—it
must be slaked, whatever the cause. Thou
strikest for us both; and it is revealed to me
that in thy success there shall be black
misery for us both. Yet thou must go on to
thy destiny, and I must help thee. Thou
hadst a sword once, which Siggeir now has;
with it thou shalt win vengeance.”

  “No spirit revealed that to thee!”
Sigmund retorted. “All the North knows
of that sword!”

  “More shall be known of it ere the tale be
done!” she answered.

  He snatched at her arm, resolved to
know more; but she darted from him, and
Valrun with her. Though he followed
swiftly, keeping on their track by the sound
of the leaves that crackled under their feet,
                           Vengeance

—

159

they reached the open before him. He
dared not approach closer to the court.

  The witch’s voice drifted back to him as
he halted:

  “Tell the queen, my daughter, what I
have said to her brother!”

KOL, the butler’s knave, slept
lightly, being troubled with thirst
at night. It was his task not
only to watch the casks, to broach
them when fresh ale was wanted, and to
help serve; but also to sample the drink
every day, so that only the strongest and
best might be set aside for the Yule Feast.

  The constant taste of the liquor made
him crave more; he was the driest thrall in
all Gothland. Thrice each night he rose
from his warm couch by the coals of the
kitchen fire, and ventured into the freezing
night, without a hght, to pay unwarranted
visits to the casks.

  The night before Yule, being so afflicted
at the accustomed hour, he rose, and thrust
his nose into a driving snow storm—the first
of the winter, which had been unwontedly
dry and cold. With his accustomed stealth
he crossed the garth and crept toward the
shed. As he pushed the door open—ever so
softly, lest the hinges creak—he was aware
of a light in the windowless building; and,
peering in, he saw a huge man, muffled in a
bearskin, bending over the casks. The
man’s face was half hidden by the bear’s
head, which had been made so cunningly
into a cowl that the teeth leered above the
wearer’s brow, and the hair of the neck
swathed his cheeks and throat. The visitor
held a flaming pine-splinter in his hand, and
had broached a cask. Kol had made marks
on those set aside for the feast, and saw that
the man had chosen one of the marked kegs.

  Only Kol’s face projected into the shed,
and this he withdrew quickly, filling his
lungs for a cry of alarm. But ere he could
scream, the bear-man shot out one great
arm. His iron fingers wrapped themselves
about Kol’s throat. Kol had no time to
struggle; the hand closed, and Kol’s throat
became straightway useless for ale-tasting.

  Lowering the corpse to the rough board
floor, the visitor closed the door again, and
went on with his task. Each marked cask
he broached; into each he dropped some
unseen thing, and plugged the cask again.
At last, extinguishing the torch, he dragged
the lifeless Kol outside, and scanned the

palisade. It was unguarded; on such cold
nights the guards slept indoors, with sen-
tries posted only at the doors of hall and

bower, and in the loft.

  The intruder propped Kol against the
palisade, reached up, and drew himself to
the top; then, hooking his ankles about the
posts, he hung head down and dragged Kol
over.

  The next day, at dawn, Kol was sent for;
but none found him.

AT THE second cock-crow on
the night of the feast, Sigmund
scaled the stockade again. This
time he strode straight to the
main door of the hall. His sword was loose
in its sheath; but he looked for no resistance.
He knew Valrun would have told his sister
of his plan; and Signy would see to it that
all in the court drank deep that Yule. The
sleeping potion would clear a way for him.

  He thrust the door; but it held, and he
knew the bar was down. Setting his great
shoulders against the planks, he heaved,
and heaved thrice before the bar burst from
its socket. Over the threshold he strode,
and over the drunken bodies of the guard.

  The dying coals glowed red in the fire-
pits, casting a ruddy light over tables lit-
tered with empty dishes, fouled platters,
overturned ale cups, gleaming like blood on
the drink-puddled floor. The snoring of
besotted men disturbed the reeking air. At
every step Sigmund passed the sprawl-
ing body of some house-carl, drunk and
drugged, half under the tables. Officer lay
cheek by jowl with spearman, counsellor
with serving-groom. Sneering, Sigmund
made for the bower.

  His hand sought his sword, only to drop
by his side. This was the night of his ven-
geance, the crown of his bleak, bitter life.
The Yule feast had done its work; his enemy
slept, drunk, unguarded by his snoring
house-carls. The son of Volsung meant to
slake, this night, the hate that had burned
his heart so many years. He would not
bury his sword in Siggeir’s drugged body;
that way the Goth would never know who
slew him.

  He would bear away the sleeping Siggeir
as he had done the slain Kol, carry him off
to the depths of the forest, and cherish him
till he woke. Then—Sigmund thought of
his murdered father, of his brothers torn
by the wolf, of Signy, bound in wretched
i6o

Adventure

wedlock to a coward. All this he would
avenge this night—and he would win back
his precious sword, which’Siggeir had shame-
fully stolen.

   The bower lay behind the hall, with direct
access to it in case of attack. Its door also
Sigmund burst in, and found the-room
dimly lighted by a single torch.

  Even as he followed the door inward,.
Sigmund was aware of many forms that
leaped up from couches, benches, and skins
laid on the floor. Steel flashed; men’s
voices cried a confused alarm. Headlong,
bewildered by sleep and surprize, eight
house-carls rushed to meet the intruder.

  Sigmund’s sword flashed. He stood with
braced feet, waiting the onset; and as the
first blade met his, he cried in a mighty
voico^	/.

  “Volsung!”-

   At his shout, the house-carls fell sudden-
ly back, their faces blanched with terror.
Hands went to faces; weapons clattered to
the floor. Sigmund understood: To them
his face, aged and seared by grief and hate,
and by long solitude, was not the face of
Sigmund, but of^Sigmund’s father; and his
cry had sgemed to them the name of the
dead on a dead man’s lips. To them he
was Volsung’s ghost, come from the grave
for'vengeance. He smiled dreadfully, and
stalked across the bower to the royal couch.
None moved to bar his way; those nearest
him drew back as he passed by.

   In the bed lay Siggeir, his wife by his side;
close by, in a little, rough-carved bed, slept
their second child. Siggeir slumbered heav-
ily, with grunts and stertorous snores,
mastered by the drugged ale. Signy lay
with eyes wide open, smiling up at her
brother.

  “Our night, Sigmund!” she whispered;
and he bent to seize his sleeping foe. The
sight of the hated face, the thought of the
vengeance now in his hands, set his heart
throbbing. He thought no more of his god-
given sword; he heeded nothing save his foe.
His hands trembled with the excitement of
his triumph—trembled so that, when he
would have sheathed his blade to free both
hands, he scratched his left wrist with its
point. At the touch of the sharp-ground
steel, blood welled from the cut, red against
his fair skin.

  Unheeding, he dragged Siggeir from the
bed; but as he lifted the Goth, a shout rang
out in the bower—

  “He bleeds! He is no ghost! Only the
living bleed! Slay him!”

  It was the officer of the watch—Radgeir,
First spear of the house-carls.

  Sigmund must needs drop Siggeir to draw
sword again; and as he did so, a Gothic
spearman snatched Siggeir’s feet and drew
him swiftly away. It was neatly done, and
the king was out of immediate danger. No
sooner was the way cleared than the house-
carls charged again, furious that they had
been so nearly befooled.

  Sigmund met them fiercely, mad to think
that he had not foreseen Siggeir would for-
bid a few at least of his guards to drink,
when he knew the rest might be too drunk
to defend him. Siggeir was a fox, that al-
ways kept an earth open.

  Blade clashed with blade, Sigmund in the
corner between the royal couch and the
child’s bed. He must cut his way through
or perish, for the house-carls blocked his way
to the door. There was a window in the
wall above the couch, but it was barred.
Out of the corner of his eye he saw Signy
fling the warm furs from her, and strain at
the window-bar. It flew up, and she threw
the window open.

  Leaping in, Sigmund thrust his point
through a house-carl’s throat; his left hand
seized the corpse, and hurled it full in the
faces of the nearest foes. With the spring
of a mountain-cat he pounced upon the bed,
snatched up the wakened and whimpering
boy, and flung himself through the window.
He had barely dragged the child through
after him, when a cast spear flashed above
his head.

  The baffled guards made some for the
door, some to follow him by the window;
but Signy slammed the shutter to in their
faces. In the moment needed to drag her
away and unbar it, Sigmund had reached
the stockade gate with his prey, run back
the bars, and made his escape.

  The pursuers came back after a little.
Radgeir scowled at Signy, and pointed to
the drugged king.

  “When he awakes,” the officer said dark-
ly, “it will go ill with thee for this.”

  Signy nodded, thinking fast. She feared
not death; but she had no wish to die before
her vengeance'was fulfilled. Yet she could
contrive no plan to save herself. When
Siggeir knew that her brother—a living
man—had broken into the hall, stolen theii
second child, and all but carried off Siggeir
V.r.vc -	.. : -Tv* Xt’Z'Zs*. '	' ' 7 •

Vengeance

161

himself; when Radgeir reported that she
had helped Sigmund escape—then the last
of her days would be numbered.

  FATE, or her gods, saved her.
Ijjji | Hot with the chase, Radgeir went
to hunt drink, and found it in
a half-empty cask in the hall.
Knowing not that his comrades there were
drugged—thinking their stupor but that of
drunken sleep—he drank deep, calling to
his men to share the brew now that the
danger was past. They drank; and when
Signy understood what had happened her
eyes glowed. Waiting only till the drug
had time to take effect, she ran to the hall,
leaving her husband asprawl on the bower
floor.

  The eight house-carls lay in a heap where
they had fallen, save for Radgeir, whose
eyes were just filming with the potion. Be-
fore he lost consciousness, he saw her bend-
ing over him, a grim smile on her lips; and
he strove to focus his eyes to glare at her.
She smiled as he slipped to the floor; smiled
and shuddered, for the task before her
pleased her little.

  Plucking Radgeir’s sword from its scab-
bard, she thrust it through his throat.
Then, having slain the other seven one by
one, she cast the sword on the floor.

  “There are none to betray me now!” she
muttered. “I shall live—till Siggeir dies!”

  She forced a drinking horn from the hand
of one of the slain carls, filled it, and bore it
back to the bower. Then, lying down again
on the couch, and drawing the furs over her,
she drained the drugged liquor.

  “Now even he can not suspect me!” she
smiled, and flung the horn through the open
window.

SIGMUND crouched in his cave
behind the brawling waterfall.
His spirit was black within him:
the dream of his life, having
flaunted its red promise suddenly before
him, had as suddenly ended in illusion. It
was as Gunnhild the Witch had foretold.
He had succeeded—in stealing the boy; in
his one great venture to achieve his revenge
he had failed.

  Siggeir, all but in his hands, drugged,
helpless, had yet been too shrewd for him.
Not only that; having captured the boy,
and borne him all the way through the

forest, Sigmund had found this last hope

   11

also vain. In the lad had lain his one last
chance—the chance that Signy’s son might
inherit the flaming spirit of Volsung, and,
under Sigmund’s nurture, prove the instru-
ment of vengeance. But the boy was a
coward, like his brother.

  Sigmund had endured his whimperings, as
he strode with the child in his arms through
the bleak forest dawn. He knew that even
strong men feared that haunted wood.

  But when he set him down at last in the
cave, the boy shrieked at the dim loom of
Sigmund’s figure, and the gray light filter-
ing through upon his grim face; and when
the son of Volsung drew his sword, to test
the lad’s power to endure steel, the last of
Signy’s sons buried his face in his arms, and
whined for mercy.

  “Thy mother has borne another coward,”
Sigmund spoke in the dull tones of one who
sees his life turn to ashes. “It is an ill trick
of fate that her honest Volsung blood is
weaker in her sons than the base blood of
Siggeir. Now will I remove from the earth
the reproach that thy life casts upon her!”

“SIGGEIR is mad with grief,”
said Valrun; and in the forest
darkness Sigmund smiled bitterly.

  “Little comfort is that to my
sister, who gives birth only to weaklings.”
“Thou hast slain him too?”

  Sigmund felt the horror in the girl’s voice.
“Would Signy have had it otherwise?”
“Nay!” Valrun answered. “Better be
childless than have such sons. She will say
thou hast done well. But what is to be
done now? She has no more sons to give
thee; and if she had, they would surely be
no better.”

  “I know not,” Sigmund answered slowly.
“Last night was the end. Siggeir, too cun-
ning to leave himself wholly unguarded
then, will not be leSs shrewd another time.
It is too great a task for one man; and now
I have no more hope of another to help me.”
“Thou hast not Signy’s high heart,” the
maid reproached him. “She still hopes. I
am to tell thee that she will send thee one of
her women, whom thou canst take to wife,
and by whom thou mayest have a son equal
to thyself in valor.”

  Sigmund started. Outcast that he was,
of necessity alone, friendless, companion-
less, he had never thought of a wife. But
he nodded to himself in the darkness. It
would be best—if it were possible—to beget
162

Adventure

his own son, a man in whom the blood of
Volsung should run strong.

  Perchance this was what the witch had
meant with her riddle: “Nor will thy
vengeance be fulfilled till thou hast the
help of one in whom Volsung’s blood is un-
tainted by Siggeir’s!” Could it be so, then,
when his son grew to manhood, he would be
a worthy comrade! Between them they
would find a way to revenge. He thought
a moment, frowning; then—

  “Bid my sister see to it that she sends me
a woman without fear!”

  Valrun smiled to herself. “The queen
bids me say that it will be the daughter of
noble folk, whose sires have never fled nor
feared. If she give thee a son, thou shalt
have cause to rejoice in him!”

  “My sister has a great heart!”

  “Well mayest thou say so, Son of Vol-
sung! Never has the earth known such a
woman!”

  “When will my bride come?”

  “Tomorrow night. It will be easy; in
the throes of grief for his son, and his new
fears for himself, Siggeir heeds naught else.
He is surrounded by his guards, who are
allowed no drink. Farewell—be here to-
morrow an hour after dusk!”

CHAPTER VII

ONE WITHOUT FEAR

“* | 'HOU hast a well-hid house!”

  **• The woman’s voice was low and
somewhat thick, hard to understand. She
spoke in the broad Gothland tongue, much
like Sigmund’s own, but fuller-throated, and
liarsh.

  Sigmund laid fagots in the cold fire-pit,
and drew out flint and steel; but the woman,
groping for him in the darkness of the cave,
seized his arm.

  “Though I am come to be thy wife, thou
knowest naught of me!” she said. “How
should there be love between us? The
queen has ordered me, and I obey; but thou
shalt not see my face till I have learned to
love thee.”

  Sigmund smiled.

  “When morning comes, I can not fail to
see thee.”

  “Wait till then!”

  “But it is cold without fire—too cold for
a woman!”

  She laughed harshly.

  “What care I for cold?”

  Sigmund’s heart swelled at her words.
The winter air was bitter in the cave, numb-
ing the limbs. If this woman feared not the
chill of winter, there would be little that she
would fear. She should give him brave
sons.

  Ay, why not? Not one son merely, to
help him slay Siggeir; but many—as many
as the sons of Volsung! Why should not
the House of Volsung rise again from its
ruins, in their children? He would be great
in their strength, as his father had been, and
establish himself an empire here in Goth-
land. Ay, he would win back Frakkland,
and set his foot on the necks of kings.

  His eyes sought to pierce the darkness of
the cave. This woman who was to be his
wife was strong, he knew that; she had kept
pace with him through the forest, needing
no help save the touch of his hand to guide
her; and, putting an arm about her shoul-
ders, he found her strongly made. Yet he
longed to see her eyes, that he might read
in them the nature of her heart.

  “Thou art well-born?” he asked, remem-
bering Valrun’s words.

  “As well-born as thyself, and of as brave
folk.”

  “That is saying much. Dost thou fear
steel?”

  Her answer was prompt and certain, with
the quiet confidence of one who does not
boast—

  “Neither steel, nor fire, nor venom—and
least of all the strength of men!”

  “Then thou art a mate for me!” And
groping in the dark-, he put his arm about
her, and kissed her.

  “Wed me by the holy sign of Thor!” she
commanded; and he obeyed, making the
mark of the hammer above her head, and
on his own breast.

SIGMUND was awake with the f
first light, that filtered late be-
hind the waterfall. He rubbed
mmlJb his eyes, turned toward the wo-
man’s place, to see her face. She was
gone.

  Long he called and sought her through the
forest; but never again was he to hear that
low, harsh voice, nor to clasp her in his
arms.

  “A strange wife my sister gives me!” he
muttered, as he made his weary way home-
ward at dusk. He was very sorrowful, for
Vengeance

he loved her high spirit, her utter fearless-
ness, that had neither shrunk from him nor
endured his taming.

  He was very lonely that night, and lone-
lier in the long, long years that passed be-
fore he again saw Signy, or heard the footfall
of Valrun, who came no more to the forest
to bring him tidings of his foe.

  As his loneliness oppressed him, so his
hate—which he had thought as great as a
man might feel and live—rose higher and
hotter against Siggeir. His heart, deceived
in its hope of love, grew bitterer in his
breast. Often he would wake from sound
sleep, to find his hand clenched on his sword-
hilt. With the swelling of his hatred came
not only new dreams of vengeance, but also
a strange, cold patience to wait for it till the
time was ripe.

  Many a night he stood on the verge of
the forest, straining eyes and ears for sight
and sound of Signy, or the maid her mes-
senger—always with the faint hope that he
might find his wife, who had come to him
unseen, and left him unseen; and always
with the hate for Siggeir so strong within
him that it tasted salty on his tongue. None
came to him; no word was sent; all he saw
was the far-off lights of the hall, all he heard,
the faint, shrill echoes of the guard challeng-
ing some late-comer from the gate.

  So passed eleven years; and Sigmund’s
hair and golden beard were touched with
gray; yet nothing broke his loneliness, nor
fed his vengeance-hungry heart. More
mercilessly than ever he hunted the out-
laws in the wood, who would have fled and
left it utterly to him, had they had any
other refuge.

  Only in the hot flurry of fight could he
find relief, or joy in life; and then it was but
the fierce, swift-passing joy of the beast in
its kill. And beneath all, under his lonely
brooding and under the flashing redness of
fight, burned that steady, patient, yet con-
suming flame of hate.

  The life in the forest kept his limbs supple
and his sinews hard, though his youth was
gone. His face was printed deep with the
scores of his bitter thoughts, so that it
seemed old and savage; and the desperate
men that skulked in the thickets fled from
him in terror.

  In the spring of the twelfth year, when
the forest was spongy with the thaw, and
the streams released from the fetters of the
ice rushed frothing between flooded banks,

Sigmund, one soft night, found Valrun
waiting him as she had done so often years
ago. With her was another. There was a
moon that night; and it was only by the
greatest stealth, long after all save the
door-wards slept, that the two had made
their way to him.

  By the pale light, Sigmund saw the maid’s
face for the first time. She was a girl no
longer; her face was lined, and the silver in
her hair was not all from the moon-beams.

  But his eyes dwelt less on her than on the
boy by her side. He was not yet eleven,
but he looked fifteen, so big and sturdy was
he. His arms were full and firm, his legs
thick and planted like twin towers. The
eyes of him glittered in the moonlight, rest-
ing full and steady on Sigmund’s. Fair of
hair he was, with a large, shapely head and
strong jaws.

  “What is this?” asked Sigmund; won-
dering.

  “Thy son!” Valrun answered. “Take
him—he is worthy of thee!”

  Sigmund stared, at first uncomprehend-
ing; then—

  “My son?” he echoed. “And—my wife?”
“She is well; but she will not return to
thee.”

  “She fears me, then?”

  Valrun laughed scornfully. “Look upon
her son and thine, and say if his mother
knew fear! Nay, but she loves thee!”
“Then why does she hide from me—why
steal from my life the one joy it has known?”
Valrun eyed him strangely. “Mayhap
she knew that love would make thee forget
thy vengeance!” And she ran from him
before he could question her further.

  The boy remained, his bright eyes fixed
questioningly on his father’s.

  “Wilt thou take me?” he asked. His
voice was high, as became his age; but there
was no fear nor doubt in it.

  But Sigmund, having been disappointed
twice, was wary.

  “If I take thee,” he answered, “thou
shalt learn to know hunger, cold, and—
fear!”

  The boy put out his arms, his face aglow
with eagerness.

  “Take me then, my father! Much have
I heard of fear, but never have I found it.
Fain would I know what it is like!”

  “This is fear,” said Sigmund; and draw-
ing his sword, he laid its sharp edge on the
boy’s throat. The lad moved not, but
164

Adventure

waited, fascinated. Softly Sigmund drew
the blade a little to one side, so that drops
of blood beaded the white young skin.

  The child laughed. “Is that fear?" he
asked, his voice scornful. “Nay, that is
pain, which I know well. It is not pleasant,
but I have felt worse.”

  Sigmund sheathed his sword.

  “How?” he questioned.

  “My mother. She told me often that I
was destined for brave deeds; and, saying
that I must be hardened to pain if I would
become great, she showed me pain daily.
She burned me with fire, made me sleep
without covering on winter nights, scratched
me with steel.”

  “And in all this thou hast not found fear?”

  The boy gave him back look for look.
“What is fear?” he retorted.

  Sigmund held out his hand.

  “Come!” he said.

  Together they hastened through the for-
est, the boy half-running to keep up with
his father’s long strides; yet never did he
falter, or ask for rest. When they reached
the cave, Sigmund lifted his son to its
mouth, and bade him lie down on his own
bearskin.

  “What is thy name?” he asked.

   “Sinfiotli.”

  “Tomorrow, Sinfiotli, I will show thee
fear!”

  When morning came, Sigmund took him
by the hand, and led him to the brook.
There, among the stones, the father searched
long; and at last he said:

  “Run back to the cave, and fetch me
flour from the bag that hangs on the wall.
Make haste!”

  While Sinfiotli was gone, Sigmund bent
down among the stones of the stream-bed,
and with a motion swift as thought, seized
a viper that was sunning there. His great
fingers held the creature just behind the
head, so that it could not twist to strike.
Forcing its mouth open with his knife, he
tore out its fangs.

  When Sinfiotli came running back, Sig-
mund took the flour from him, wrapped in
birch-bark. Pinning the bark together with
a thorn, so that it made a dish, he stirred
the flour till it was all mixed—acorn meal
with the ground inner bark of the birch—
cupped water into the dish, forced the
writhing viper into the dough, and kneaded
it into a spongy mass. The boy looked on
with eager eyes.

 “Knead thou!” commanded Sigmund,
taking his own hands from the dough.

  Sinfiotli laughed.

  “One does not knead poisonous serpents
with good bread!”

  “Dost thou fear, then?”

  Pain clutched Sigmund’s heart, for he
loved the boy already. His own son, who
feared not steel, fire, nor cold! Was a crawl-
ing viper to prove him a coward? Though
it cost him dear, Sigmund half drew his
sword. If his son was afraid, he must die,
as Siggeir’s sons had died.

  But Sinfiotli thrust his hands into the
dough, and kneaded vigorously, despite the
viper’s struggles. Once its head broke
through the smothering dough, and with
desperation it struck at the boy’s hand.
Laughing, Sinfiotli pushed it back.

  “Enough!” cried Sigmund, beyond him-
self with relief and joy. He tore the dish
from his son’s hands, and caught him in his
arms.

  “Thou art mine indeed, blood of my
blood and heart of my heart! No fear is in
thee. Thou art of the true Volsung stuff
and Volsung spirit!”

  As he kissed the boy, he was overwhelmed
by the swift memories that the eager young
face brought to his mind. The strong, firm
features, the broad, heavy-boned face, the
sparkling eyes—all recalled to him his own
father; and all were Sigmund’s own as he
had been long ago. Sigmund trembled with
pure joy as the two went home together.

  That day began the boy’s training. Al-
ready so inured to pain that he laughed
at it, Sinfiotli quickly learned to live as
his father’s son must live. Daily the two
hunted together, swam together in the cold
woodland streams, together scaled the
rough, tree-clad crags. Armed with bow
and spear, they faced the bear, surly with
its spring hunger; they turned on the wolf-
pack, and beat it back, Sinfiotli striking out
with his light spear with ready hand and
lip curled in defiance. In danger the lad
laughed aloud, and bore his own part, for
all his tender years.

  For hours each day Sigmund taught him
the use of weapons, now and again giving
him slight cuts, that his son might learn to
face steel without wincing; nor did he flinch
once. What he learned he had many an
opportunity to put to use; for Sigmund took
him out often against the outlaws, who now
were driven out of all but the least accessible
Vengeance

165

crags of the wild forest, where they stood
desperately at bay. With the passing
months and years Sinfiotli grew ever more
skilful; and the growing swiftness and
strength of him caused the father to marvel
and rejoice.

  “Truly it is a young champion that I
have begotten!” he cried to his heart; and
he longed with a mighty longing to find and
cherish the wife that had given him such a
child.

        WHEN the youth reached man-
        hood, Sigmund told him of his
        destiny; but Sinfiotli, flexing his
        mighty arms, made answer:

  “All this my mother told me. Now have
I spent nine years with thee, my father; and
ever have I waited for thee to tell me when
we shall go out to slay our enemy. I had
come to think thou hadst forgotten.”
Sigmund stared at him. “Thou knowest
—all? Thou wilt help me kill Siggeir?”
Sinfiotli ground his teeth together, his
young face twisted with rage. “Do I not
know,” he cried, “all the treason of Siggeir?
Have I not thy sufferings, and my grand-
sire’s death to avenge? So soon as I could
talk, my mother told me daily of the wrongs
of my kindred. Wilt thou never take me
to slay that dog of a Goth?”

  The father marvelled how the woman he
had known but for a night should have so
felt his wrongs that she had trained her
child from its cradle to hate his enemies.
How could she, who had not time to love
her husband, and had abandoned him, so
burn with fury against Siggeir? Yet in his
heart he remembered Valrun’s words of her,
“She loves thee!”

  “What is thy mother’s name?” he asked;
nor was this the first time he had put the
question.

  Sinfiotli answered as he had done before—
“She bade me keep it from thee; nor does
one of Volsung’s blood break his word.”
Sigmund bit his lip. He was a hard man,
and liked not to be crossed; but he knew it
was right that his son should keep faith.
When he spoke, it was to answer Sinfiotli’s
earlier question—

  “In courage and in skill thou art ready,
now, to be my comrade. But there is yet
one fault in thee: Thou hast no prudence.
I was once even as thou art—rash, headlong
in fight, heeding not what wounds I took if
I might but destroy my foe. Misfortune

and years taught me caution. Some men
gain it through fear; but thou hast no fear,
and art too young to learn from another’s
lips how to join shrewdness with courage.
Until thou art warier, thou wilt be as
dangerous to friend as to foe. Siggeir is so
cunning that valor alone is not enough to
overcome him. I fear the outcome if I let
thee face him now.”'

  Sinfiotli leaped to his feet, his eyes eager.
“If caution is all I lack, then teach me cau-
tion now!”

  His father smiled. “That thou must
learn through suffering, my son. Come;
we will go out, and see if thou canst learn!”

  They put on their mail, and girded on
their weapons.

  “This birnie is tight for me,” Sinfiotli
grumbled; and Sigmund, looking, saw that
his son had grown bigger of girth and limb
than himself.

  Eastward four hours’ march through the
forest lay a jumbled welter of cliff and
ravine, where streams swollen with spring
thaws had cut a tortuous way through sheer
granite.

  Masses of jagged rock overhung the deep
stream-beds, and trees whose roots found
scant nourishments in the stony soil had
fallen in confusion among the boulders.
There were no trails; dense undergrowth
had sprung up to fill the gaps left by the
fallen forest giants. Here, in caves in the
walls of a wild gorge, dwelt that hardy rem-
nant of the outlaws whom Sigmund had
driven from their lairs in the forest. Sound
wind and strong limbs must he have who
would reach them here; courage and keen
eyes as well, to evade ambush. Hither
Sigmund led his son, that he might learn
caution.

  “Till now we have hunted together,”
Sigmund said as they approached the out-
law fastness. “Now we hunt apart. Each
of us will fight his own battles, unless he
meets more than seven men. I have faced
and slain ten; but I am old in the craft of
war. Thou, reckless as thou art, canst not
stand against so many. So let whichever
of us first meets more than his match give
the wolf-howl, and the other will come to
his help. More than seven I hold to be too
many.”

  Sinfiotli was off like an arrow, dodging
and twisting through the undergrowth.
For a while Sigmund watched the bushes
shake and close behind him; but soon he
Adventure

was lost to sight in the broken ground.
Turning, Sigmund set about his own hunt-
ing.

  He had not far to seek. Half-climbing,
half-crawling to the edge of the ravine, he
gazed down into its depths; and', there, far
down, he saw a fine stag drinking from a
swirling pool. As he gazed, an arrow
feathered in the stag’s flank; and two men
bounded out from a fringe of willows that
edged the stream.

  Casting his cumbrous shield aside, Sig-
mund set about the descent. From ledge
to ledge he crawled, finding precarious foot-
hold on the slippery rocks, helping himself
with one hand whenever a sturdy root or
overhanging branch offered safe grip. He
was safe from arrows, for the gorge was too
high and narrow for a fair shot; but as he
reached the last ledge, and turned to jump
down, one of the hunters launched a savage
spear-thrust.

  Sigmund saved himself by a quick side-
leap that threw him on his face. Instantly
the two flung themselves on him. One he
struck in the face with his upflung foot; as
the man reeled back, Sigmund turned on
one side and launched his own spear. In
that moment the second man drove a knife
at his throat. The blade glanced on Sig-
mund’s mailed arm, and slashed his wrist.
Then he was up, his sword out.

  His spear-thrust had missed; but now he
was on his feet, the two would not face him.
They gave way, leaping into the shallows,
casting quick glances about them for a way
of escape. Sigmund pressed them close—so
close that they grew desperate. One rushed
in, sword flashing; the other whistled
shrilly, twice, and fitted arrow to string,
though the range was too short for safety.

  The rocks rang with answering whistles;
shouts rang from behind and above; stones
pelted down about Sigmund’s ears from
both sides. He paused one instant, threw
back his head, and howled like a wolf; then
he rushed upon the first two. His blade
split one man’s skull even as the other
loosened his shaft, which sped harmless
over Sigmund’s shoulder. Straightway Sig-
mund was on him and beneath his guard.
The death-stroke went home; but before
he could wrench out his sword, Sigmund
crashed down in a rocky pool, flung head-
long by a stone between the shoulders.

  He expected death; for, though he could
not see them, he knew the outlaws were all

about him, Up he staggered, his back
against the wall of the gorge, his legs in
water to the thighs, head sheltered by an
out-jutting ledge; and here Sinfiotli, hasten-
ing to answer his father’s summons, found
him. The young man’s sword was red.

  “Four I slew on the rim of the ravine!” he
boasted proudly. “Art thou hurt?”
Sigmund shook his head.

  “Thou hast done well!” he praised the
lad. “They have fled from thee! Now go
about thy hunting, and call me if thou
needest such help as thou hast given me.”
When Sinfiotli had disappeared once
more, Sigmund, angry and ashamed at his
failure to take care of himself, beat through
the ravine all day long, seeking any who
would face him. But the outlaws had had
enough; no man showed his head. Toward
sunset he clambered to the ridge again.
The exertion of his climb drove the anger
from his brain; he began to wonder why he
had heard nothing more from his son.

  Striking south along the crest, he came
upon the lad’s track. It was easy to follow,
for Sinfiotli had blundered through the
thickets like an angry bull; and Sigmund
was wise in the ways of the forest. For an
hour he tracked his son, till the sky was red
and the dusk settling. At last, descending
into a little clearing, he found him.

SINFIOTLI lay under a great
oak that stood alone in the clear-
ing. He was sound asleep, his
arms flung wide and his mail un-
braced; and both hands were red with blood.
Three burly outlaws sprawled, dead, about
his feet, and others dotted the clearing.
Sigmund counted twelve slain in all. They
had died hard, for Sinfiotli’s shield was
hacked to pieces, his mail rent, the ground
about him stuck with arrows and broken
spear-shafts.

  Sigmund shook him awake.

  “Fool,” he cried, as the exhausted cham-
pion opened heavy eyes. “Fool! When a
man goes forth to learn caution, does he
engage twelve men without calling for help?
And having slain them, would any but a
madman lie down to sleep in their country,
within sight of their friends? Verily it
would be better for us both if thou couldst
feel a little fear!”

  Sinfiotli was angry. “I am as thou didst
make me!” he retorted. “Do thou be cau-
tious for both of us, and I will fight for both!”
Vengeance

167

  For a moment father and son glared at
each other; then Sigmund laughed, though
without much mirth.

  “If I wait for thee to get wisdom, we shall
never slay Siggeir! I will take thee as thou
art, and may Odin help us both! We go
forth to seek our vengeance as soon as thou
art healed of thy wounds!”

CHAPTER VIII

FEAR COMES

I ATE of a hot, moonless night the two
drew near the garth of Siggeir; and
Sinfiotli, reckless with lust for battle, would
have stalked boldly forward to the gate.
His father caught him by the arm.

  “Hast thou not yet learned that one man
cannot slay fifty?” he rebuked him. “We
must do this thing with cunning.”

  Sinfiotli grumbled, but obeyed. Softly,
with infinite stealth, the two crept toward
the stockade. Close they drew and closer;
till, with a sudden run, they reached the
gate-posts, and crouched behind the wall,
one on either side of the gate.

  From where they lurked they heard the
boasting and laughter of the guards.
Picked house-carls were these, as was plain
from their bragging.

  “On such a night,” said one, “we bear the
fate of this kingdom in our hands. When
the moon shines not, foes bestir themselves,
and good guards are needed. Were an
enemy to come, I would slay six with my
own hand, as I did once in Denmark.”
Another laughed, somewhat scornfully.
“Thou art a brave man, Thorleif,” he said,
“but a hireling and a foreigner. Here in
Gothland we have no foes. The whole is-
land is Siggeir’s. Such enemies as he has
must come from afar in ships, and deal with
the coast-guard before they can threaten us.
Were not our king a coward, he would post
no sentries here at his gate, for none of
Gothland dare attack him.”

  Thorleif, a champion new-hired from Den-
mark, grunted at this news.

  “Then why must we bide here?” he asked.
“There is good ale and meat in the kitchen.
Let us go thither; the king will not ask for
us.”

  A low murmur rose at his words; but one
of the house-carls, thirsty with the summer
heat, backed him eagerly.

  “We will leave one man,” he proposed,

“to stand watch while the others go. In
the order determined by the dice, we will
return one by one, relieving the watcher;
and so we will do till all are satisfied.”

  The two lurking in the dark smiled to
themselves; and still more when the guards
fell to dicing by the light cast from the hall,
to settle which should first remain behind.
Quarrels there were, and low curses, ere
the lot fell first to the Dane. With good-
natured mockery the others left him.

  No sooner had they disappeared when
Sinfiotli sprang up, and tapped softly at the
gate.

  “Who comes?” the Dane challenged; and
the young man answered:

  “News for the king! Open swiftly, and
make no noise! It is not for the ears of all
Gothland.”

  Having just been assured that Siggeir had
no enemy in all the kingdom, the Dane did
not hesitate. The bars grated, and the gate
opened. Sinfiotli was inside in a single
bound, his hands locked about the Dane’s
throat so that he could not give the alarm.
The watchfire being between them and the
hall, none saw. The braggart did not slay
his six men that night. He was dead in
an instant.

  “Softly now!” Sigmund whispered, as his
son eased the corpse down. “Thrust him
outside the garth, where they will not see
him. Now creep up to the porch; if any
come, drop to the ground!”

  The hall door was open, for the heat with-
in, where a dozen torches blazed, was too
great for comfort. A path of light lay along
the steps, and over the floor of the four-
square porch with its carven pillars. But
to the left of the door was a space where no
light fell; for here were two great ale-tuns,
empty and thrust out to air. Behind these
the two of Volsung’s kindred hid, watching
their chance, raising their heads from shel-
ter now and again to peer into the hall.

SIGGEIR sat not on his high
seat, but at one of the benches
below the dais, his head cupped
in one hand. Across the table,
on which was bread and ale, Signy was busy
with her needle. Two children—her last-
born—played about the rough pine floor
with a toy that glittered yellow in the torch-
light. It was a pretty golden thing, that
rolled at a touch, and made a merry tinkling
as it moved.
Adventure

  Sigmund touched his son’s shoulder.
“Be wary!” he whispered. “Move not till
I give the word. I have tinder and dry
bark in my pouch; but if they see or hear us

first-”

  Sinfiotli, impatient ever, and chafing at
the implied rebuke, raised his head again to
watch his enemy. Siggeir sat like one over-
burdened with sadness. He was an old
man now, broken with age and sorrow; but
he had lost none of his coward’s love of life.
Now and again he raised his head, and
glanced with a smile at his boys; but when
his eyes fell on Signy, they gleamed frostily.
The last years of their life together had been
still less happy than the first.

  “Five fine sons might I have had,” he
spoke in sudden bitterness, “hadst thou ♦
watched thy children with a mother’s love!”
“Five?” Sigmund whispered. “Two slain,
two here; but the fifth?”

  “Ten brave brothers might I have had,”
Signy retorted quietly, “hadst thou been an
honest man!”

  As she spoke, the elder child gave his toy a
sharp push, which set it rolling swiftly.
Sigmund smothered a curse, for the thing
rolled straight toward the porch where they
lay hid; and after it raced the two lads,
shouting gaily in their shrill young voices.

  Sigmund, poised on hands and toes, would
have slipped out of sight; but Sinfiotli in-
cautiously raised his head higher to see how
close the toy would come. Even as his
helmet rose above the cask, the bauble went
tinkling past him, and down the steps; and
the older boy, following, caught sight of the
steel crest gleaming in the torchlight. He
stepped forward a little to see the better,
and was suddenly aware of two huge men,
grim of face, full-armed. With a scream
the child ran to his father, the younger fol-
lowing after, in uncomprehending fear.

  “There are men outside, with weapons!”
the child cried; and Siggeir leaped to his
feet. Swiftly he snatched a horn from the
wall behind him, and blew a frantic blast.

  Straightway Sigmund and Sinfiotli sprang
through the door, shields up and swords out;
but Sigmund tripped and fell sprawling over
the threshold, and his son paused to raise
him up. Ere they could reach the king, a
flood of house-carls raced down from the
loft and burst into the hall, with a tremen-
dous clanking of steel.

  “Back to back!” Sigmund shouted; and
the two confronted their foes, hopeless of

vengeance now, but set on selling their lives
dearly. As the house-carls rushed them, a
dozen others—the guard, summoned from
the kitchens by the shouting and clangor—
poured in from the porch.

  The two Volsungs struck out manfully,
fighting more to make a good end than to
win; and wheresoever their blades fell, a
man went down. But they were outnum-
bered thirty to one, with ever fresh forces
pouring in to aid their foes. Signy sat in
an agony of fear for her kinsmen, while the
struggling house-carls knocked against her
in their efforts to close.

  Sinfiotli, joying in the give and take of
fight, made his blade play like the hammer
of Thor. His young face was aflame, his
mighty arms seemed never to tire. His
father, as strong, but older, spared his
strength with cunning, dealing more thrusts
than cuts, and slashing from the wrist.
Twelve good men they slew before the sheer
weight of their foes swept them from their
feet, and they were overwhelmed by the
surge of many men piling upon them. When
the heap once more separated itself and rose
from off them, they were disarmed and
bound.

  Signy still sat at her bench—the only seat
in the hall left unbroken by the savage
struggle; and her eyes were bitter. But
Siggeir came forth from the bower where he
had hidden, a grin of triumph on his still pale
face. His legs still trembled under him as
he made his uncertain way to his enemies,
and gazed upon them with mockery mixed
with amazement.

  “The one,” he said slowly, striving to
control the fear in his voice, “the one has
the face of Volsung, only bleaker; the other
is like Sigmund in his youth. But Sigmund
must be old now—ha!

  “Thou art Sigmund!” he cried, pointing
at his life-long foe. “Age cannot hide thee
from me. The gods have dealt unkindly
with thee as with me, Son of Volsung; little
joy hast thou had in life. Ay, and less joy
shalt thou have in death!”

  Turning to Sinfiotli, he stared at the
young man with wonder on his face. “Thou
shouldst be his son, for thou hast the look
of him as he once was. And yet—there is
something about thee that I seem to know.
Who art thou?”

  “Sigmund’s son, and thy worst hater!”
Sinfiotli snarled at him. “Now are the
last of Volsung’s race, in thy hands, thou
Vengeance

169

false coward; but though thou doom us to
fire or rope, we shall yet win free, and slay
thee!”

  Long Siggeir laughed at him, with the
wheezing laugh of age.

  “Such a death have I in mind for you
twain,” he chuckled, “as even a Volsung can-
not escape. Ho, Lofmund! Bid the carls
dig a pit, deep and steep of side, with such
covering as I shall show you how to make!”
All through the night tie condemned men
heard the clinking of mattocks and shovels;
and at dawn they were led to their living
grave. Siggeir had caused to be dug a pit
ten feet deep, with sides shelving out at the
bottom; and into this they were thrust,
their bands unbound that they might at-
tempt the hopeless task of escape, and so
suffer the more.

  Then Siggeir’s house-carls covered them
over with a roof of beams thatched with
straw; and upon this he had earth heaped
high. They were buried alive, in a grave-
mound of the sort fashioned for dead heroes;
nor was this the worst of their torments.
The roof was so contrived that a single nar-
row shaft, faced with square stones bedded in
earth, let in the air and light of day far above
them.

  The captives sat in their gloomy prison;
and after a while Sigmund said to his son:
“I warned thee to be wary, but thou didst
not heed; and from thy rashness comes
death to us both. Death, without that
vengeance for which I have lived through
lonely years and bitter griefs—in vain!”
The shaft above them darkened, and a
thin laugh grated on their ears.

  “Death!” the voice of Siggeir echoed.
“Ay, such a death! There is air enough to
keep you alive, while hunger wastes those
mighty limbs, and the fires of thirst eat
slowly, slowly at your throats. Ye have
plotted, and lurked, and dared—in vain, in
vain! I live, and the kin of Volsung dies—•
dies forever!” He withdrew, leaving them
to their despair.

  The scant light that thrust down to them
left the face of each but a white blur to the
other’s eyes; their voices seemed muffled by
the damp earth walls. Long they sat
silent; then, suddenly, Sinfiotli spoke—•

  “A vile death for a warrior!”

  Sigmund’s ears were quick to catch the
tiny quaver in his son’s voice—the first
he had ever heard there. A grim smile
twitched on his lips.

  “Now,” he answered, “thou hast learned
at last the need of caution. A pity thou
hadst not known it a day sooner. Yet the
fault is mine. I loved thee because thou
didst never know fear; but now I know that
a little fear is a good thing in a man, for it
makes him prudent. Be of good heart, my
son; if we may escape this pit, our chance of
slaying our foe is better than-ever before.”
“There is no escape,” muttered Sinfiotli.
“Who knows? My sister yet lives, and
loves me; and now that Siggeir is sure of our
helplessness, he will relax his guard. Why,
think you, did he keep men at the gate, and
so strong a company of house-carls ever
about him, when there was neither war nor
chance of war against him?

  “Why, when to maintain so great a force
costs much gold—and Siggeir holds his
gold well nigh as dear as his blood? Be-
cause he feared me. Ay, though he thought
me dead, he feared me—because he did not
know me dead. But now he regards us both
as dead indeed, or dying; and he will watch
no more.”

  “Much good we get of that!” the young
man answered hopelessly. “We must lie
here, weaker and weaker with each passing
hour, the moisture dtying in our throats, our
tongues swelling—till we die of feebleness,
or go mad with thirst. By all the gods!
Could I but lay my fingers about that evil
dotard’s neck!”

  “Keep that thought uppermost in thy
mind,” Sigmund said, “and we shall yet
win. Thou canst count on Signy. Once
before she saved my life, when Siggeir
deemed me as good as dead; and it will be
easier for her now that he is reckless with
confidence!”

  Sinfiotli was not cheered. For hours he
sat sullen and silent; nor could Sigmund
rouse him. The patch of blue sky above
them grew dull before he spoke again; but
at last he leaped to his feet.

  “Let us not bide our death like dogs!” he
cried. “Let me stand on thy shoulders, my
father, so that I may work at yonder hole
in the roof!”

  “So thou hast thought of that,” Sigmund
laughed. “Be sure Siggeir thought of it
too, and guarded against it. Nevertheless
I will help thee try!”

  Supported on the older man’s shoulders,
Sinfiotli groped with his fingers at the stone-
faced shaft. He could scarce see at all, for
daylight was dying fast. He was very
170

Adventure

thirsty. Impatiently he fumbled for the
chinks between the stones, prying at them
with all his strength. His nails broke, his
fingers 'were gashed and bleeding; yet no
single stone was the looser for all his toil.
So tight did the squared stones press the
earth between them that his finger-tips
would not enter.

  On and on he worked, little heeding the
pain, his thoughts all on freedom, revenge,
and—water. Most of all he craved water,
to ease the burning in his throat. His
breath came whistling through his mouth,
forced open by the hard toil; and all his
fruitless labor brought him only greater
thirst. In despair he thrust his arm up the
shaft, to learn its depth. What he found
finished his courage and his hope.

  “Let me down!” he gasped. “Here we
must die!”

CHAPTER IX

THE SWORD RETURNS

T_T E WAS no sooner down than something
-*■ fell after him, striking his shoulder.
He looked up; but all was black overhead.
Night had come while he labored. It was
Sigmund whose searching hands found what
had fallen.

  “This is Signy’s work!” he muttered.
“Stand back—there may be more to fol-
low!”

  There was. Some weighty thing fell with
a thud between the desperate men; and once
more Sigmund seized it. But it was the
fighter object that he examined first.

  “Here is food and drink!” he cried.
Sinfiotli sprawled over him in his haste to
drink. Sigmund, casting aside the cloths
that wrapped the bundle, handed him a
small flask and a packet of cold meat. Sin-
fiotli drank with eager gulps, spilling a little
in his lust for the cooling water; but his
father neither ate nor drank till he had
opened the heavier packet. At the touch
of it he gasped.

  “A sword!” he exulted. “Ay—that same
matchless sword that I tore from the Bran-
stock, long ago! I can tell it by the feel
of the hilt. Siggeir must indeed deem
us helpless, if Signy could beguile that
from him!” *

  Calmness returning, he ate, and drank so
much of the water as his son had left. Hav-
ing finished—

  “Now,” he said, “to work! Give me thy
shoulder this time!”

  Sinfiotli made no delay; he was too eager
for deliverance from the ghastly death that
threatened them. Standing on his shoul-
ders, Sigmund supported himself with one
hand against the edge of the shaft, while
with the sword in his other hand he dug,
steadily and with utmost care.

  The good steel bit deep into the earth
between the stones, which no fingers could
penetrate; and soon he felt the lowest stone
settle. Those above held fast, gripped by
the pressure of the earth about them.
Wrenching at the loosened stone, he pulled it
free, dropped it clear of his son, and worked
at the next. Now and again the sword
struck stone, but the fine blade did not
break.

THE work went on slowly, but
ceaselessly. Ever and again Sig-
mund would descend to let his
son rest; but he would never al-
low the impatient youth to take his place,
nor let the precious sword leave his own
hands.

  It was his again; with it his youth seemed
to return to him. Hope and confidence
were his once more, with the noble weapon
which he believed Odin had given him.
With it luck had passed from Siggeir’s hand
to his.

  The night was far spent when, the stone
facing removed block by block, a rush of
dirt through the shaft spattered and blinded
both men. Winking the earth from his eyes,
Sigmund attacked the lighter part of his
task, with a warning to his son:

  “Head down, iad! When I speak, let me
down, and hug the side of the pit!”

  He slashed mightily at the earthen shaft,
wider now; and ever-increasing runlets of
dirt trickled over his shoulders. Suddenly
he leaped down, with a cry of warning, a
small landslide following him. Now, hav-
ing worked out all the filling between two
of the roof-beams, he once more climbed
to Sinfiotli’s shoulders. Feeling the heavy
wood with his finger-tips—for he could
barely reach it—he knew that freedom lay
close at hand.

  “Up—on tiptoe!” he commanded. With
a grunt of effort Sinfiotli obeyed. As he
heaved up, Sigmund left his shoulders with
a leap, and caught at the roof-beams which
he could not see.
Vengeance

171

  Well had his cunning fingers marked their
position; he caught them fairly, and drew
himself up by sheer strength. An effort
that tried his shoulder-muscles, a brace of
kicks at the sliding face of the shaft, and he
was up—free, in the clean air of night.

  He glanced around; no one was near.
Siggeir had indeed relaxed his vigilance of
thirty years. Swiftly Sigmund bent to the
two exposed roof-beams, and with all his
might wrestled to tear them free of the
heaped earth that covered all but that little
of their length above the shaft. In vain.
The weight upon them was too great. How
was he to get his son out?

  Sinfiotli solved that riddle. His words
barely carrying to his father’s ears, the
young man bade him stand aside, and tossed
up the sword through the hole. With it,
Sigmund fell to work to clear the beams, and
at last had one free. Up-ending it, he
thrust it down into the pit. Bracing the
lower end against the earthen wall, Sinfiotli
climbed up, Sigmund helping him as he
struggled to the top.

  “Free!” the father exulted. “And I
have my sword, the gift of All-Father
Odin!”

  “I am weaponless,” Sinfitoli muttered.

  “Bide here, till I fetch thee a blade!”
And Sigmund set off in the night.

  He made straight for the palisade, reck-
ing but little of such guards as might be
posted, sure that he would find few or none.
Had not Siggeir, in his new confidence, been
heedless enough to let the famous sword out
of his keeping? Would he not, then, be
heedless in other things also?

  Sigmund was right. Two men only held
the gate; nor did they hold it long. Having
listened to their talk, and learned how few
they were, he ran along the stockade till he
was out of their hearing, and scaled it
swiftly.

  Crawling upon them from behind, he slew
them with two strokes so close together that
one had scarcely seen the other’s head leap
from his shoulders than he too was dead.
Snatching up the sword of one, Sigmund ran
back where his son waited.

  Once armed, Sinfiotli felt all his hope and
courage revive; but there was no more
recklessness in him. He plucked at his
father’s arm.

  “Lead on!” he urged. “This time I will
not fail thee. I have learned fear, and with
it wisdom!”

THEY made swift progress to-
ward the gate, entered without
resistance, and encountered no
3 man till they reached the hall.
Once more the door was open, as on the
night before. Two more guards were there;
but these slept at their posts. Not only
the king, but all his folk had felt the fear of
a generation roll from them when, as they
thought, Sigmund lay helpless, waiting a
sure death, beneath the earth.

  Slaying the guards, they dragged the
bodies aside, and hastened round the build-
ing to the rear of the bower, where they
waited for dawn. It was soon upon them,
for their escape had taken most of the night.

  As soon as he could see well, Sigmund
took from his pouch a bundle of birch bark,
dry and ragged; and striking flint on steel,
he caught the precious sparks and blew
them in the heart of the papery wood.
When the bark was blazing, he laid it in a
chink of the pine wall, where the moss had
fallen out. Then they stood watching, till
the flame had caught well.

  Running to the outside stair that led
down from the loft, they set its planks
alight, so that there might be no escape for
any within save through the main hall door.
Thither they hurried again, and took their
stand one on each side of the entrance.

  “When they come,” Sigmund ordered,
“strike fast and hard!”

  In ten minutes the tinder-dry building
was aroar with flames on rear and side. The
crackling and the smoke—blown by the
wind through every chink—woke those
within. Shouts of alarm rang out; running
feet pounded in the loft, and scant-clad
figures dashed into the hall to learn their
peril. At sight of those grim figures at the
door, the frightened house-carls howled in
fury.

  The bower-door burst open, giving vent
to a stream of wailing folk. First of all ran
Siggeir, moaning and wringing his hands.
When he beheld the face of Sigmund grin-
ning at him through the smoke-wreaths, he
shrieked aloud in terror. Foam flecked his
Ups; he fell on his knees, entreating pity.

  Close on his heels rushed Valrun, with
the king’s two sons. She was pale, but her
eyes gleamed. The children screamed, and
tearing away their hands from her clasp,
fled for the door. SinfiotU thrust them
roughly back.

  Last of aU, scorning to run, the queen
172

.Adventure

came from the blazing bower with stately
dignity. One glance she gave to her abject
husband; and her lips curled as she turned
her back on him. Her children flung them-
selves upon her, wailing and clutching at her
skirts.

  “Get from me, ye cowards!” she cried,
and snatched her gown from them. “Ye
betrayed my brother to his fOes!”

  Thus far the house-carls, restrained by
discipline, had waited for orders from their
king; but seeing him broken and terrified,
they were on the point of bolting to save
their own lives. Ulfgeir threw himself be-
fore them, armed with an ax.

  “In column—two by two!” he cried. “Ho,
Asbiorn and Asleif! Raise the king, and
help him hence! We will cut a way through
for him!”

  Valrun flung herself on her brother’s
breast.

  “If thou save this worthless nidering,”
she screamed, “thou shalt never see my face
again!”

  He strove to put her aside, but she clung
to him. Torn between his loyalty and his
love for her, the unhappy officer stood for
one moment, the restless house-carls fast
forgetting his orders in their fear for them-
selves. They wavered, broke, and rushed
in a mas'fe for the door. Nor did they take
the wretched king with them.

  Blinded and choked by smoke, scorched
by the tongues of fire that licked in at the
windows and curled round the logs of the
wall, they were in no mood for steadiness.
They poured in a torrent toward the one
way out, where the two avengers waited
with drawn swords. Unarmored—their
mail left behind in their flight from the loft
—armed with such weapons as they could
snatch from the hot walls, the carls charged
in blind panic.

  In their frenzy they heeded not the nar-
rowness of the doorway; by their very mass
as their flanks smashed against the door-
posts, they piled up in a crushed and broken
heap. Into that heap licked the blades of
Sigmund and Sinfiotli, making red work in
the glow of the onsurging flame.

  That narrow door, made to stand siege,
would have enabled the two to beat off
many times their number, even had both
sides been matched in weapons; but now,
their swords ripping through unarmored
sides, the Volsungs cut the milling mass to
pieces, and drove it back, shattered.

  Those who survived re-formed, and came
on again; fewer now, but more deadly, hav-
ing learned their lesson. Their weight
would have borne the avengers back, had
not Sigmund, with a swift shout to his son,
let them through and leapt to one side. As
they poured past, the two terrible assailants
closed in, smiting them down from behind.
Some turned to resist, and fell swiftly; the
greater part, overcome with fear, fled as
fast as they could through the gate of the
stockade.

  The whole back of the hall was now
aflame, fire and smoke rolling forward to
engulf the building. The two Volsungs,
farthest from its onrush, still held their post
untroubled. Siggeir, scarce able to stand,
but driven on by fear of death, tottered
toward the entrance in Ulfgeir’s arms, while
Valrun plucked fiercely at her brother’s
hands.

  “Come out!” called Sigmund. “All shall
live, save Siggeir alone!”

  Siggeir thrust out both his hands. “Spare
me!” he moaned, his bearded chin trem-
bling, his smoke-red eyes dropping tears.
“Spare me, Sigmund! I will heap you with
gold; half the kingdom will I give-”

  Sigmund laughed bitterly. “Wilt thou
give back my father and my brothers?” he
mocked. “Naught will I take at thy hands,
save thy life! I have grown old hating thee,
thou murderer and coward; now vengeance
is in my hands. Thou shalt die—not by
sword, but by fire! And the House of Vol-
sung shall live!”

ULFGEIR, ever faithful, heaved
up his ax to cleave a way for
his master. Valrun would have
stopped him, but he flung her to
the floor. Sigmund’s sword flashed, and
the ax-head dropped, cut away from its
helve. With a cry of despair the brave
officer drew his knife, and plunged it into
his own breast.

  Shrieking, Valrun flung herself upon him,
his blood reddening her robe. Signy bent
above them, striving to drag her maid away.

  “Come out, Signy!” cried Sigmund, “thy
sons with thee!” Signy came, but she
paused not for the two boys. They fol-
lowed, snatching at her, and crying pit-
eously. After them staggered Siggeir, weep-
ing. The flames raced toward them as they
ran; with a roar and a fearful insuck of hot
air and smoke, the roof fell in behind them.
Vengeance

173

  Overcome with fright, the king screamed
aloud, and rushed on the swords of his
foes. Sigmund met him with raised point;
but such was the Goth’s fear of the flames
that he gripped the steel till his hand was
cut to the bone. When Sigmund hurled
him back, the old man’s fingers were almost
severed.

  Signy brushed past him, beating at her
scorched gown. The children followed her
to the porch. She turned, and pointed a
scornful finger at them.

  “Shall the little snakes outlive the old
viper?” she cried. “Slay them, lest I be
called Mother of Cowards!”

  And Sinfiotli, seizing one in each hand,
flung the boys far into the seething fire.

  Out into the court the three retreated
from the fearful heat, leaving Siggeir
crouched by the threshold. Signy caught
her brother’s hand in hers.

  “Well hast thou avenged our father, Sig-
mund!” she cried; and her eyes were bright
and fierce. “Verily I love thee now more
than ever before; and, save for one other,
none have I loved but thee these many
years!”

  She kissed him; and the little flames ran
toward her along the planks of the porch.
She glanced back over her shoulder, and
saw Valrun. The maid still knelt above
her brother, but her face was turned toward
Sigmund and his son. There was a glad,
proud look in her eyes, even while the tears
rolled down her cheeks.

  “The walls will topple soon,” said Signy.
“This is the end.”

  “Bid Valrun come forth!” Sigmund urged.
“Stay—I will go for her!”

  Signy drew him back. “Nay; it is her
wish to die. She has had all that life can
give.”

  He sprang past her. Valrun rose as if to
meet him, her face transfigured; but as he
crossed the threshold, she drove her broth-
er’s knife into her breast and fell lifeless
above Ulfgeir’s corpse. Groaning, Sigmund
went back.

  As he reached his son and sister, the walls
bulged; and Sinfiotli caught the woman
about the waist.

  “Back, mother!” he cried. “The porch
will fall this way!”

  Sigmund turned on his son, staring.

 “ ‘Mother’?” he echoed. “Meanest
thou-•”

  Signy flung her arms round the young

man’s neck. “Nay!” she denied. “He
knows not. Yonder lies thy mother, child!”
She pointed to the bleeding form of Val-
run, almost surrounded by the the raging
flame.

  “It was Valrun who came to thee in the
forest, Sigmund. She loved thee, and for
that reason would not stay with thee, lest
love of her should make thee forget thy
vengeance. Ah, cunningly we contrived it!
Knowing that I bore only cowards, I sent
her to thee. When her time came, we
wrought so prudently that Siggeir believed
us when we said the child was mine. He
was brought up as my son, that he might be
stirred to greater hatred of Siggeir by my
wrongs and thine.

  “This we did that thou mightest have
a worthy comrade, and our kindred be
avenged. Now let me go, for I must die
with my husband. I have hated him all my
life; but I am his wife, and it is fitting I
should perish with him!”

  Sinfiotli held her close, and Sigmund
pleaded with her. But at that moment Sig-
geir rose from the burning threshold, and—
his clothing ablaze—rushed out into the
garth.'

  The madness of fear lent him strength;
ere any could stop him, he was half-way to
the gate. Sigmund snatched at him . as he
flew by, but too late. Whirling, Sinfiotli
loosed Signy’s arms, and caught the Goth
by his flapping robes. Bearing him back to
the porch, he heaved the old king up and
hurled him far into the blazing hall.

  Sigmund cried out suddenly, a terrible
cry of rage and grief. Signy had sped past
them, and run back into the doomed building.

  “Farewell, brother and nephew!” she
called.

  Father and son drew back from the heat,
slowly, their eyes wet with tears that were
not all of the smoke. Long they stood by
the gate, the posts of which were already
smoldering.

  At last Sigmund raised Ids bloody sword
on high.

  “I prayed to thee for vengence, Father
Odin!” he cried with shaking voice. “Be-
hold, thou hast given it me, taking wife and
sister for thy price! A bitter god art thou!”

  Sinfiotli looked on him, and then at the
embers which were the grave of all that they
both held dear.

  “An evil thing,” he muttered, “an evil
thing is vengeance!”
___A Free-to-All Meeting-Place

yfrReaders’, WritersandAavevturew

   Our Camp-Fire came into being May 5, 1912, with our June issue, and since then
its fire has never died down. Many have gathered about it and they are of all classes
and degrees, high and low, rich and poor, adventurers and stay-at-homes, and from all
parts of the earth. Some whose voices we used to know have taken the Long Trail
and are heard no more, but they are still memories among us, and new voices are
heard, and welcomed.

   We are drawn together by a common liking for the strong, clean things of out-of-
doors, for word from the earth’s far places, for man in action instead of caged by cir-
cumstance. The spirit of adventure lives in all men; the rest is chance.

   But something besides a common interest holds us together. Somehow a real com-
radeship has grown up among us. Men can not thus meet and talk together without
growing into friendlier relations; many a time does one of us come to the rest for facts
and guidance; many a close personal friendship has our Camp-Fire built up between
two men who had never met; often has it proved an open sesame between strangers
in a far land.	,

    Perhaps our Camp-Fire is even a little more. Perhaps it is a bit of leaven working
gently among those of different station toward the fuller and more human understand-
ing and sympathy that will some day bring to man the real democracy and brotherhood
he seeks. Few indeed are the agencies that bring together on a friendly footing so many
and such great extremes as here. And we are numbered by the hundred thousand now.

    If you are come to our Camp-Fire for the first time and find you like the things we
like, join us and find yourself very welcome. There is no obligation except ordinary
manliness, no forms or ceremonies, no dues, no officers, no anything except men and
women gathered for interest and friendliness. Your desire to join makes you a member.

YOU will remember that at a
recent Camp-Fire Talbot Mundy
told us his conception of Julius
Caesar—his reasons for portray-
ing Caesar as he does in his stories of Tros
of Samothrace. I upbraided myself for
having meekly accepted the usual estimate
of Caesar without ever having considered
how much of that usual estimate is based
on Caaesar’s own estimate of himself in his
“Commentaries,” without ever having care-
fully studied the other authorities and
data on which that estimate is based and
without ever having tried to reason out a
conclusion of my own from whatever data
I did possess.

  In a word, I was disgusted with myself
for having been a sheep. Whether Caesar’s
character was this or that is of no great
moment to me, but this instance of my

having accepted anybody’s opinion on any-
thing without at least attempting to do
some research and reasoning of my own
was of moment to me. Like most other
people, I far too often do accept opinions
without thinking for myself, but I am
ashamed of it and when in this particular
case Mr. Mundy suddenly presented to me
a different estimate, arrived at by inde-
pendent thinking, it was not only a chal-
lenge but an accusation and I plead guilty
and expressed regret.

  My plea was for an open mind and
independent thinking. I endorsed very
strongly Mr. Mundy’s open-mindedness
and independence, but I stated definitely
and specifically that I did not swallow his
theory whole and that it might be wrong in
whole or part. To me the important point
was not the correctness or incorrectness

174
The Camp-Fire

175

of his theory, but the fact that, right or
wrong, he had refused to accept any-
thing not proven to the satisfaction of his
own reasoning power but had got hold of
available sources and formed his own opin-
ion, whereas I—like most of the rest of you—
hadn’t done any thinking myself but, with-
out questioning, just accepted the usual
estimate without being really able to back-
up that estimate. I have much more re-
spect for Mr. Mundy even if his theory is
all wrong than I have for myself who merely
swallowed what some one else handed me
even if it happened to be right—or for you
if you swallowed it with an equal lack of
independent thinking.

  Having swallowed the usual estimate
without thinking and being ashamed of
having done so, I declined either to swal-
low or to reject Mr. Mundy’s estimate
without thinking and I dragged out the old
estimate and said—

  “Here, maybe you’re right and maybe
you’re wrong, but from now on I neither
swallow or reject you until I’ve really ex-
amined the case and have gathered suffi-
cient evidence with which to form—and
support—an opinion of my own. If people
who have really studied the case endorse
you that is evidence that must be seriously
considered, but it does not in itself consti-
tute proof that you are true unless the evi-
dence can be shown conclusive in itself.”

  I and my mental processes are not very
important, but the letters from some of
you make it necessary to state my case clear-
ly and in detail. The question of Caesar’s
character, though interesting, is not of
vital importance. But the insight into
the American mind and character that this
case has afforded is very decidedly of vital
importance.

  For see what happened. Letters began
coming in. Some of them were from men
who, like Mr. Mundy, had dug into the
facts and records, done independent think-
ing and arrived at conclusions of their own.
Most of them disagreed with him, but,
whether they did or not, they and their
opinions are entitled to respect. But
others came from men who had read much,
swallowed much and thought little. Their
opinions are entitled to very little respect,
for their opinions are not really their own.
And others were from men who had read
only a little, swallowed most of it and
thought none at all. Their opinions are

entitled to no respect whatever, any more
than was my own swallowing of what little
I had read.

  I had asked two or three I knew were
familiar with Roman history to give Camp-
Fire their views, knowing they were pretty
certain to take up the case against Mr.
Mundy and thus ensure a full discussion.
But it is the spontaneous letters that are
most significant as index to American
thought habits. Entirely aside from the
question of whether Caesar was or wasn’t
which, they are depressing. I haven’t
lived all these years without learning that
mankind is generally illogical or at least
unlogical and that it tends to cling blindly
to established opinion whether right or
wrong. But these letters somehow brought
it home with a sickening jolt.

  There was actual resentment, bitter,
hostile resentment that any one should
dare take a new view of Julius Caesar!
You’d think he were a national issue.
These hostile ones didn’t prove the new
view was wrong, except by quoting other
people’s opinions. It was new, therefore
of course it was wrong. One of them was
so shaken to his foundations that he wrote
me anonymously to say he’d read and liked
the magazine for years but after this attack
on Julius Caesar he was through with it for-
ever Yes, and that’s as far as he got to-
ward any proof or reasoning—the other
fellow differed from him and therefore was
not only mistaken but criminal.

  These are the material from which are
builded our bigots and fanatics, and our
ultra-conservatives who fight against all
progress because all progress is a going
from old things to new. Here we have the
intolerance that is one of our national
curses. Here—oh, well, let’s look at the
letters. But in parting I’d like to remark
that if those who completely failed to com-
prehend my attitude haven’t read their
historical references and authorities with
any more exactness and understanding
than they read my statements in the Feb-
ruary 10 “Camp-Fire” their conclusions
and deductions from the former are likely
to be equally baseless and erroneous.

  Here is one from Elmer Davis, formerly
of our staff,1 for some years one of the edi-
tors of the New York Times and author of
various books of fiction. For a long time
the history of the Romans and Greeks has
held particular interest for him, he has
176

Adventure

read widely and is in the habit of digesting
what he reads. I am compelled, however,
to question his digestion of “the editor’s
amplifications” in this case. Said am-
plifications were either queries only or as
stated above—an insistence on open-mind-
edness and a refusal to accept any theory
on Caesar without satisfactory proof.

New York City.

  I think Mundy is a Grade A certified fiction writer
but as an historical philosopher I think he is punk,
nor do I think what he said about Rome and Caesar
justified the editor’s amplifications in the February
10th “Camp-Fire.” Mundy is in good company,
of course, in knocking the Roman Empire. Lots
of people disapprove of it. H. G. Wells disap-
proves of it because it wasn’t Socialist and I take it
Mundy disapproves because it wasn’t Theosophist.
Anyhow, here is the way it seems to me:

TN GENERAL, and for these times, I am as

  hearty an anti-imperialist as anybody. But the
Roman Empire was a long time ago and things were
different. Certainly the Romans conquered and
looted and enslaved. So did everybody, in those
days; the Romans simply happened to be better at
it than anybody else. But, when they had con-
quered and enslaved, when the first excitement
was over, they began trying not only to govern
their subjects decently but to let them in on the
management of the Roman Empire. And, in time,
they gave a better government than our half of the
world had ever seen before, and to more people.
In its way, self-government. From Vespasian on,
for the next four centuries till the Western Empire
ended, the Emperors (and their generals and minis-
ters too) came from Spain, from Africa, from the
Balkans, from Syria, from Gaul and Britain. Very
rarely from Rome. A career was open to talent;
any man who was good could go to the top. A
hundred years after Caesar died probably a fourth
of the inhabitants of the Empire were citizens with
full privileges or the families of citizens; after Cara-
calla (around 215 a.d.) they were all citizens.

  Rome tried, and succeeded, in the job of giving
good government, as other great empires of antiq-
uity did not. Persia made a half-hearted attempt
with some slight success under Darius, and then
slumped. The kingdoms that followed Alexander
did better, as a rule, than the tribes and city states
they superseded. But Rome first did the job on a
big scale. Certainly Rome was not perfect; civil
wars, arising chiefly from a constitutional defect,
finally so weakened the empire that it went to
pieces, and the high overhead cost of government
helped a good deal too. (That is a lesson Congress
might profitably remember, if it had brains enough
to remember anything.) But while it lasted Rome
was better than anything the human race had had
before it.

VKfHAT does Mundy prefer? His Gauls and
Britons? I think he idealizes them as eigh-
teenth-century philosophers used to idealize the
noble savage. Quite permissible, for a fiction
writer; but don’t call it history. Certainly those
noble Germanic ancestors of ours who upset Rome
were nothing to be proud of. They were a lot of

tough gorillas who knew how to fight; and that is
all they knew. They conquered and looted and
enslaved just as the Romans had done five hundred
years before; and that was all they did, all they did
for centuries, till they had intermarried with their
subjects and the blended population began to re-
cover a little of the old culture. They wanted land
and slaves so that they could live high without work
on the loot of a palace they didn’t have brains
enough to build or even to live in. That was as
far as they got.

  If Mundy thinks so much of the Gauls, call in
the Gauls as a witness against him. A hundred and
twenty years after Caesar’s time, in 70 A.D., the
whole Empire was upset by a series of civil wars
and the Army of the Rhine went to Italy to support
one of th£ claimants to the throne. Thereupon
some of the commanders of native regiments
(Germans) who had been left behind got up a rebel-
lion and a few Gauls joined them. They got all
worked up and proclaimed the Empire of Gaul;
Hurrah for liberty, equality and fraternity, free
beer and no taxes; take off your coats, boys (or
togas rather) and come out to dance in the light of
the moon. Thereupon there was held at Rheims
a sort of national convention of all Gaul. A hun-
dred and twenty years after the conquest; they had
had that much experience of Rome. Many of
these men, pure Gauls in blood, were by that time
Roman Senators and all of them must have been
citizens. They talked it over and decided that,
having tried both, they preferred Rome to Gaul.

rp'HESE particular men, of course, hadn’t tried
both; liberty was back in the days of their
great-grandfathers. But they knew their history;
they knew that the Roman army alone kept the
Germans out of Gaul; and even those who wanted
to secede were entangled instantly in a whole string
of insoluble problems. What should be the con-
stitution? Where the capital? Who would run
the country? The Romans had been doing that
and these delegates, the big men of Gaul, had sat
in on it. They decided, quite sensibly, that there
was nothing in secession. To be sure, they may
have been influenced somewhat by the fact that
the civil wars were over and a man named Petilius
Cerialis was coming up from Rome with seven
legions to see about this Empire of Gaul; but the
fact remains that after a fair trial the Roman
conquest had been'ratified, if not by a plebiscite
certainly by a constituent assembly. Two or three
hundred years later Gaul was the backbone of the
Empire.

  All this is in the Histories of Tacitus, Book IV,
chapters 54-69; and in chapters 73 and 74 you will
find a speech of Cerialis to some of the rebels which
pretty well sums up the argument for the Roman
Empire.

'JpHIS of course, was the Empire, a much more
respectable affair than the Republic at least
after it had turned imperialist. Mundy has some
color for his argument in that Rome was at its worst,
politically and morally and from the standpoint
of administrative efficiency, in Caesar’s day. All
the big politicians were pretty tough just then; they
had to be to get anywhere. Caesar was the best
of the lot; the only one who could see ahead, could
try to reform the terrible mess that the Roman Re-
public had become and make it work for the general
The Camp-Fire

177

good. His private morals, no doubt, were not those
of a deacon in the church; but Suetonius, whom
Mundy seems to follow, is a far less reliable authority
in such matters than the Illustrated Daily News.

T DON’T know where Mundy gets his stuff about
the Romans relentlessly stamping out the
Mysteries, nor his belief that they were all inter-
connected and all theosophist. I don’t think you’ll
find much of that in the profane historians, though
his esoteric writers may have played it up. Caesar
was rough on the Druids of Gaul for the same reason
that the English were rough on the Irish priests in
the days of Elizabeth and Cromwell—because the
national religion was the cente rof national resis-
tance. Your opinion of that depends on whether
you are pro-Irish and pro- Gaul.

  As to the Mysteries in general, a reform wave
in Rome a hundred and twenty years before Caesar’s
time tried to suppress one form of orgiastic mystery
religion, but Rome was young and simple then.
Later on there was nothing the Romans ate up so
eagerly as all forms of Oriental religion; the more
mystery the better. The mahatmas and gurus,
if they had ever got so far west, would have found
ancient Rome as much of a gold mine as modern
London and New York.

   That’s all, I guess.—Elmer Davis.

FROM Clements Heaton, deal-
ing chiefly with the civilization
of Gauls and Britons and afford-
ing an example of how accepted
history is subject to enforced revision in
the light of newly discovered facts and of
more searching and independent investiga-
tion:

New York City.

   In your number of February 10th I find the note
in which you ask to hear from any historians in
confirmation or rebuttal of Mr. Mundy’s theories
concerning Roman Government and practise.

KJ OW I happen to remember that Mr. Louis
Courajod of Paris in his lessons at the Louvre
emitted most distinct views concerning the action
of the Romans in Gaul. He was for many years in
the Ecole de Chartes in Paris, that is the official
record office of France where they make it their
business to write reliable information by getting at
the original sources. So much so, that when Courajod
was appointed lecturer at the Louvre, he created
a small revolution by ideas which set things topsy-
turvy in architectural criticism. Now in his pub-
lished lectures (which can be seen at the New York
Public Library) one finds he sternly condemns the
Romans for their rascally treatment of Gaul. I do not
recall the details, but he says in effect that by their
ruthless exactions (through men who farmed the
taxes and got all they could out of the people)
they ruined the Gaulish noble families and when
villages were depleted of men, the remaining in-
habitants had to pay the same amount as before.

   As this went on for centuries, the backbone of the
people was broken and, when the Roman power
fell to pieces, they were no longer able to withstand
the Northerners, so the Franks and Burgundians
came in and took the lead. This was disastrous,
for everything under the Franks went overside, as

   12

Lavisse has shown in his great history. So, for about
nine hundred years there was a steady sagging down
till the depth of the dark ages was reached, when
slowly an upward growth began, this time indepen-
dent of Roman militarism and due to local initiative.

AS THE Gauls and the Britons were doubtless
much the same, it is interesting to know
they were efficient craftsmen and artists. They
had a metal working city near Autun in central
France which, when destroyed by the Romans, was
left in undisturbed ruins and was investigated in the
XlXth Century. This, with the wonderful Gaulish
camp in the C6te d’Or, not far from Autun, which
has been carefully searched by the Government and
its many remains placed in the museum of St.
Germain, enables us to get a pretty close idea of the
Gaulish culture. It certainly was far more refined
than usually supposed.

  The Gaulish coins, of which some of each tribe
have been found, show a distinct relationship with
the Greek coins of Macedonia. There are other
points in their history which show relationship
with Greece, and in Switzerland, formerly part of
Gaul known as Helvetia, objects of Greek origin
have been found. One expert traces back the origin
of the legend of the Holy Grail, so prevalent in
Medieval epoch in Brittany, to the cauldron or Fer,
the center of military life (like the camp kettle)
which was representative on some of these coins
and was also a Greek usage.

   There is nothing surprizing, then, in a relationship
between Samothracian or Pythogorean mysteries
and Druid cults. If Greek art is derived from
Egypt, as Professor Breasted affirms, there may be a
relationship also with the very ancient Egyptian
ideas.

  But the Gauls lived in strongholds separated one
from another by stretches of forests which dangerous
wild bears and wolves infested. There was little
or no political cohesion among them, and it was the
work of the Romans to join up the country by build-
ing a network of fine roads, with military stations
skillfully planned so that armed legions could be
concentrated quickly in any part of the country
which was then permanently held in subjection, to
be systematically exploited. These roads were used
all through the medieval epoch and now become
automobile routes.—Clements Heaton.

ONE from Frank R. Whitzel.
As to my “swallowing Mr. Mun-
dy’s theory whole,” the comrade
is respectfully referred to what
I’ve said above on this point, or to pp. 178-
180 of our February 10 “Camp-Fire,” my
original statements.

Miami, Florida.

  Just a few remarks, since you invite them.

  Theodore Roosevelt is dead, and an author may
now slander him without risk, may call him a liar,
lecherous, cruel, thieving, murderous, anything save
drunken; that happens to have been disproved in
court. But what would be your opinion of an au-
thor who accused Roosevelt of debauching the wives
of all his closest political associates? Would you
swallow it whole? Yet that is apparently what
you have done in regard to Mr. Talbot Mundy’s
stories of Caesar.
i78

Adventure

TPHE licentiousness of Caesar is based upon stories
circulated by his political enemies that he had
violated the wives of Pompey, Crassus, Gabinius
and others of his own party, his closest friends
and supporters. Such calumnies were a common
practise in Roman politics and no one paid them
much attention at the time. Why, Cicero was
accused of intimacy not only with his freedman,
Tiro, but with his beloved daughter, Tullia: The
men whom Caesar was accused of dishonoring paid
no heed whatever to the stories. Pompey married
his daughter. Crassus guaranteed his debts. And
Gabinius followed him with unshaken fidelity until
his own death.

  The same lies by'the same people for the same
reason were told of Caesar’s relations with the wife
of King Bogud; yet that king remained to the end
Caesar’s steadfast friend.

  Only one other name is mentioned in con-
nection with these stories, Cleopatra. It is very
likely that Caesar did form a liaison with Cleo-
patra in Alexandria. But historians say she
was visiting him in Rome at the time of his
murder and fled afterward. There is no basis
for his yarn, not the slightest. On the con-
trary Suetonius says plainly that Cleopatra
visited Rome during Caesar’s ascendency and
that he sent her home laden with gifts. The
story grew out of the fact that Cicero in
his letters obscurely mentions a queen who
was in Rome at the murder but he gives no
name and there is no reason, save the petty
desire to slander a great man, for assuming it
to have been Cleopatra.

(~]/£SAR was probably little better, certainly
no worse, than other Romans of his epoch,
but of his gross licentiousness there is no evi-
dence that a sensible man would consider for
a moment. His history was written by his
political enemies, members of the aristocracy
who hated Caesar first because he was the
champion of the common people, the demo-
crats; and second because he and his family
were raised so far above themselves whom
they considered his equal or superior in birth.

  Is it fair for Mr. Mundy to accept what he finds in
a classic writer that fits his own opinions and rejects
what does not? That is called “working your
evidence,” and you can prove anything if you “cook
your evidence.”

  Mr. Mundy is not the first to find out that
Caesar’s Commentaries were written with an eye
to their political effect. Yet they have stood the
test of time and searching criticism as to their
general accuracy. And we have some pretty fair
evidence of their truth. To mention but one point:
Cicero’s brother, Quintus, was one of Caesar’s
lieutenants. Now both Ciceros were bitter political
opponents of Caesar, and Marcus dipped his pen in
vitriol to oppose the Dictator. Yet never before
or after Caesar’s death does he question the truth
of the Commentaries. On the contrary he speaks of
them with strong praise.

  I could easily refute the other slanders, that of
cruelty for instance—it would be child’s play. But
no doubt Mr. Mundy’s mind is fixed beyond reach
of proof, so I will say no more, save that I for one
will skip the Tros stories. And I am sorry, as Mr.
Mundy has been my favorite of your writers.—
Frank R. Whitzel.

A LETTER from James Hatha-
way. He may, as he says, be
“a more or less half educated

roughneck,” but he thinks for
himself, which is a lot more than most
wholly educated people do for themselves.
Some of his statements will cause some
people to moan with horror at his blunt
frankness and to froth with rage because
they don’t agree with them. How dare
he think contrariwise from themselves?
And, still more, how dare he express his
opinions openly? He writes from Minne-
sota, which is part of the Land of the Free
where free opinion and free speech are said
to be corner-stones of our political structure,
but that won’t help him much if his opinions
venture out of the usual ruts.

  And may I in advance call to the at-
tention of the hastily minded the fact that
I am neither endorsing or attacking his
opinions but merely listening to them?

Excelsior, Minnesota.

   Am not a historian, just a more or less half edu-
cated roughneck who has knocked around the world
for about forty years and who prefers to read history
etc., to reading the latest snappy.

Jy[ Y POINT is that I think Mundy is full of pink
prunes; while he writes a good strong, readable
yam, he is crazy. He has dug up all the old stuff
used to frighten the people and mulled it over till
he has lost sight of bedrock facts.

   The organic law of the Roman Republic is to my
mind the best piece of political law or rule of govern-
ment ever produced and as long as the Roman people
continued to be a nation of small freeholders it was
a very effective rule of government, but after Rome
overcame Carthage and the various Greek city
states, slave labor became so cheap and common,
that free labor could not compete, wealth came into
the hands of a few and the small freeholder was
forced out, leaving the land in the hands of the rich.
This has happened many time3 to many nations
through recorded history and will happen again.

   This was the situation in Julius Caesar’s time.
This forced the freemen into the army. The Roman
Legion was no more hard boiled than any other
body of men would have been under the same con-
ditions. I am an old soldier and I know.

rT'HE oldest military command in the world is
“Breed before you die,” hence our 48 hours to
get married in the last war. Through all history the
women have been part of the spoils of war. Wit-
ness the records of some of the European armies in
the last.war. And the women haven’t minded so
much as long as they were treated half-way decent.
To Caesar and his men the women of Gaul and Ger-
many were just good looking savages to be treated
as such, much as the early white men used Indian
women in this country.

   Any body of men such as the Roman legion has
to have action and plenty of it, but their wants
The Camp-Fire

179

would be the same then as now. In the last war a
soldier on leave from the front wanted first a drink,
then a square meal, then a good looking blonde and
another drink. When he got back to the front, he

got-, so he had his fun while he could. The

Roman legioner took these things as his share of the
loot. We bought and paid for them. Not much
dfoerence.

  As for Julius Caesar I know men of his type to-
day. Brilliant, successful business men of the small,

wiry, alert type, dissipated as-, woman-chasers,

who yet give the world far more than they take.

  As for Rome not keeping faith. What nation
does? Did we, with all our pride, in our word keep
faith with the Indian? We did not, and to the old
Roman the Gaul and Britain were much like our
Indians to us.

  Caesar’s problem was to conquer and hold the
land from the Rhine to the Roman line against the
land hunger of the Germanic tribes. If he could
destroy a whole tribe at once, his problem was just
so much easier. Modem people have done the
same.

  To sum up, Rome gave the world far more than
she took—law, good roads, respect for authority and
the value of citizenship. We got these from her
and these are worth a thousand of Mundy’s stories,
however brilliantly he may tell them.

  To quote Virgil:

     “Others belike with happier grace
     From bronze or stone shall call the face
     Plead doubtful causes, map the skies
     And tell when planets set or rise,

     But Roman, thou—do thou control
     The nations wide and far.

     Be this thy genius, to impose
     The rule of peace on vanished foes,

     Show pity to the humble soul
     And crush the sons of Pride.

  The old Romans were cruel and hard, many
times faithless, but their respect for law and authori-
ty gave them the world.—James Hathaway.

AT OUR next Camp-Fire we’ll hear more
> opinions on C. J. Caesar, deceased.

CONCERNING his novelette in
the May 30th issue something
from William Byron Mowery. At
this writing the fate of the Texas
Rangers is in doubt, but it is to be hoped
that an organization with so splendid a
record will be carried on to further use-
fulness.

Austin, Texas.

  Re “Hard Lines,” a couple words. It is based
upon the incessant trouble experienced by both the
American troopers and the Mounted with Indians
jumping back and forth across the Border. The
character of Inspector Raymond may be a source of
objection, inasmuch as readers do not usually asso-
ciate his like with the Mounted. If I had made him
a typical officer, the objection would be condemn-
ing. I’ve taken pains to imply he decidedly was
not. The Mounted, it seems to me, had and has
less wire-pulling, etc., than any similar organiza-

tion I know of, unless it be the Texas Rangers.
However, it has had its Inspector Raymonds, just as
the Rangers have been imbroiled in political and
labor disputes not typical of their usual activity.

  A minor point: the treaty payments may not have
been made'in American money at the time of this
story. I’m simply unable to find out the fact of the
matter. They were so made seven or eight years
later for certain. The. question is not very vital.—
Wm. Byron Mowery.

FOLLOWING Camp-Fire cus-
dif tom of many years, Erie D.
Hosmer rises to introduce himself
on the occasion of his first story
in our magazine, taking his place as a mem-
ber of our writers’ brigade.

Utilla, Bay Islands,
via La Ceiba, S. Honduras.

  Greetings to the Camp-Fire Circle: Bom in the
last decade of the nineteenth century, in a small
town founded by my maternal grandfather and
named after my mother, in the State of Kansas.

AS A small boy took several long trips throughout
the Middlewest with a cattle-buying uncle
and other relatives and acquired a taste for ram-
bling. Sent to Central America on a visit at the
age of eleven and became incurably infected with
Tropicalitis.

  When twelve years old was sent from New York
to Florida to go to a military school; saw the inside
of the school once, entering through a basement
window to get to the gym and swimming pool.

  Returned to the family home in Tennessee when
the funds got low and went to school for a while but
was never happy. The walls of a schoolroom al-
ways seemed to me to be entirely too constricted.
Had a disagreement with a teacher and was started
off to the Tenn. Military Institute. Went to St.
Louis and took in the Fair. With three others “ho-
boed” back (three weeks on the trip which was
somewhat educational) and then departed to Central
America again.

CET foot in the “Lands of Romance and Glamor
along the Spanish Main” on Xmas day, 1905.
Started out on the career of a “Soldier of Fortune”
but failed wofully and became a T. T. T. instead.
Got well informed about the Canal by walking it,
from Culebra to Colon, toting a straw grip on the
end of a stick over my shoulder. That was an-
other educational trip.

  In time became a “Banana Herder” and have
followed that noble profession with morfe or less suc-
cess ever since. Rejected for service in the war
(weighed ninety-nine lbs. at physical examination,
due to a combination of malaria, dysentery, neu-
ralgia, and a few other kinds of “algias” and
“itises”), but got a small excitement out of it by par-
ticipating in a private war on Germans and pro-
Germans down this way.

  Went home after seventeen years of rambling and
gathering experience, sporting a mustache, a coat of
tan, a few lines in my face and a sour expression, and
taking with me a small boy to present to my folks as
the fruits of my years. Returned South after six
weeks of snappy weather, and that’s about all.
i8o

Adventure

LJAVE hung around in the flickering shadows of
the Camp-Fire glow for a long time, listening
to the talk and a-honin’ to edge up and sit in the
circle but never quite able to overcome my bash-
fulness until just now. Not overly afflicted with
modesty—just bashful.

  Well, I’m sure pleased to meet you-all, apologize
for making you listen to my braying for so long, and
will now sit down and give some one a chance to say
something interesting. Hasla otra ocasidn,—
Erle D. Hosmer.

MANY of you are familiar in one
form or another with the sagas
upon which Arthur Gilchrist
Brodeur has built his complete
novelette in this issue. The following
survey from him will be found interesting:

Berkeley, California.

  I drew my material from the Volsunga Saga, of
which the story forms the first part. This first part
is much older than the rest of the saga: it probably
goes back to the 4th century. It is one of the
earliest and most genuinely Scandinavian of all
legends that have come down to us. In working
out the story, I discarded the supernatural element,
which is strong in the original; inserted a few minor
characters such as Ulfgeir and Valrun; toned down
the more savage aspects of the legend; and furnished
some of the machinery in which the sagas are as a
rule deficient. But I have in no sense altered what
seems to me to be the essential spirit of the original;
the story is truly representative of the point of view
and the manner of life of the Northern peoples at
the time. I have, however, made Valrun, instead of
Signy, the mother of Sinfiotli.

  Precise dates and places are hard to establish for
any really old legend; for the sagas and poems in
wliich the legends are incorporated are much later
than the historic events reflected in the legends.
Thus the date for the events of this story can’t be
given with any greater precision than some time
between 200 and 500 A. d., probably in the third
century.

AT THAT time the Northern peoples had not so
completely coalesced into settled kingdoms as
they did later. Denmark, Norway, and Sweden
were still divided into petty kingdoms acknowledg-
ing no common overlord. As for Frakkland: there
are two theories as to its identity. The older and
still more generally held is that it is the territory
occupied by the Franks on the lower Rhine. That
theory doesn’t fit in with the details of the legend of
Sigmund at all, though it does square perfectly with
the later parts of the Volsungasaga, which deal with
the exploits of Sigurd (the German Sigfried), reputed
to be the third son of Sigmund. The fact is that the
legend of Sigmund is purely Norse, and its setting
must be Norse too; while the German legend of
Sigfried, which must be localized in Frankish Ger-
many, was tacked on to the Sigmund legend later
(probably in the 12th century), to give it greater
popularity. The latest and soundest theory as to
Frakkland is that proposed by the Swedish scholar
Ture Hederstrom. He places it in'73 weden, in the
province of Ostergotland. His proof rests on a host
of details, the most important being his discovery
that there is still a district known as Frakksta in

Ostergotland, and that Frakksta district has sev-
eral farms or villages, originally royal manors, which
bear the name of Volsung (Valsing, Valsinge, Fru-
valsinge, etc.). This evidence has been accepted as
conclusive even by many of the adherents of the
older theory.

TT IS plain, from the legend, that Sigmund’s land
must be one that would naturally come into
rivalry and political contact with Gotland. Got-
land is an island off the southeast coast of Sweden;
It was the original home of the Goths. Ostergot-
land is one of the eastern coast provinces of Sweden,
within an easy sail, east by south, of Gotland. Add
to this the discovery that a district of Ostergotland
is called Frakksta, and that this district still pre-
serves the name of Volsung, and you have a good
case. To clinch the matter, a king’s burial mound
containing richly adorned weapons has been found
in one of these places bearing the name of Valsinge.
Thus the whole action of my story takes place in
what is now the southeastern part of Sweden.

   The belief that Frakkland was Franconia in Ger-
many doubtless owes its existence to the fact that
Norwegian and Icelandic writers of the 12 th and
13th centuries thought Frakkland meant “land of
the Franks,” and to the erroneous attachment of
the legend of Sigfried to that of Sigmund—an at-
tachment made even in Scandinavia.

CIGMUND’S home was thus one of the many
little kingdoms '‘existing in Scandinavia at the
time of the great Teutonic migrations. Gotland
was the most important and richest of these petty
kingdoms, owing to -its advantageous position.
Being an island, it was protected by a stormy sea,
and at the same time got the trade from Germany,
Gaul, Denmark, Esthonia, and Russia. Through
Russia, by the overland trail to Greece, it got the
cream of the Mediterranean trade with the North,
the North swapping furs and amber with Greece and
Rome in exchange for jewels, gold and finely worked
utensils. Frakldand would naturally have trade,
and sometimes war, with Gotland. It is inconceivable
that Franks in Germany should have worked so far
back to the northeast as to get into political rela-
tions with Gotland. Frankish traders would cer-
tainly touch there, but there is no record of hostile
contact, or of political relations, between Frank and
Goth, except as Franks fought with Goths for Spain
and Southern France at a date very much later than
that of the story.—Arthur G. Brodeur.

IN CONNECTION with his story
in this issue, Alex. McLaren writes
that the grindstone incident is
history. Silver Reef, Nevada, was
the camp. I do not publish his letter be-
cause in stating the case to me it necessarily
told too much of the story’s plot in advar ,e.

HERE is a letter printed with-
out its writer’s name. For very
good reasons. He is an Army
man and it isn’t healthy for an
Army man to express an honest opinion or
cite facts on Army matters, even if his mo-
tive is of the best. For example, General

mM
The Camp-Fire

181

Mitchell and his frank statements about the
weakness of the air service that will be
asked to shoulder a vital part of the defense
if this country is attacked.

  I do not know all the facts about the
air service, but I do know of one test that
proved the efficiency of planes against bat-
tleships—and of how the Army bureaucrats
hushed up the results. Looks, on the face
of things, as if General Mitchell had sacri-
ficed himself for his country as really as if
he’d given his fife on the firing-line. And
as if thare might be some bureaucrats in
the Army and War Department who are not
serving this country but their own interests.

  The following letter came in response to
a speculation of mine at Camp-Fire as to
just how many Reds the Bolshevics had
worked into the Army. The Bolshevist
plan for getting a country is to seize it by
force and surprize. The army of that coun-
try is perhaps the most important factor
to be dealt with when a coup is pulled off.
The best way to keep that army from mess-
ing up the coup is to work their own men
into its ranks gradually until, in the emer-
gency, it will become an ally instead of an
enemy.

  Have they begun doing this to our Army?
How far along are they in their plan? To
what extent is the Army already Bolshevist
in enlisted personnel? These queries were
first raised in my mind by an Army officer
closely in touch with the facts. Now here
is a letter from another Army man. Read
it and consider whether this is a serious
matter:

  I should advise any one who has any mistaken
ideas about the foreign element in the U. S. Army to
visit any one of the garrisons around New York:
Forts Wood, Jay, Hamilton, Wadsworth, Totten,
Slocum, or any other post on the Atlantic coast for
that matter. Let him make a note of the foreign
faces he’ll see and he’ll find them nine out of ten!

  Mind you, I don’t say all these are Reds, or would
not fight for the nation if occasion demanded, but to
me there is something wrong when those same nine
men would rather talk among themselves in some
ungodly foreign chatter than the language of the
country they have supposedly adopted.

  Farther west, the Army becomes Americanized,
but even in the Southwest it contains a liberal
sprinkling of—Mexicans! The United States is the
Melting Pot of the world, they say. So is its army!

  Several questions arise:

  (i)	Just who is responsible for the ad-
mission of such a hugely disproportionate
number of foreign-born who still seem more
foreign than American?

  (2)	Do those responsible allow this from
mere lack of common sense, or

  (3)	Are those responsible for it them-
selves in sympathy with, or paid by, the
Bolshevics?

  (4)	Is anything going to be done about

it?

  It is worth knowing about. Who can add
any data as to U. S. Army personnel vs.
Bolshevism? __

IT’S always with a shudder that
I pass a gun letter on to Camp-
Fire. Not that guns aren’t an
interesting subject. Quite the
contrary, and that’s what makes me shud-
der, for from experience I know a gun letter
will bring in a deluge of more gun letters.

Fort Worth Texas.

  I just read Mr. Raymond Bergin’s letter on Colt
.45 automatic pistol and there is no doubt but what
he knows this gun. He takes two paragraphs ex-
plaining the causes of jams and then winds up by
saying that nine out of ten jams are caused by care-
lessness, which admits that said gun might fail ten
times, but suppose we only count the one time not
caused by carelessness, and that should happen to be
the time you needed the gun, and where are you
then?

  Answer is you are dead—that is unless the other
fellow has an automatic that jams at the same time.

  A gun is like a chain. Just as good as its weakest
link. If a gun has any weakness at all, it is not

worth a-^except to bluff with and bluffing may

be all right at some games, but gun bluffing is dan-
gerous in some parts of the country.

  Now take the Colt’s single action .45. It never
jams or fails to function just so long as you feed it
good ammunition. Drive nails with it, throw it
in the water or sand, bust heads with the barrel,
then start firing and she will shoot perfectly. All
you have to do is to load, cock and fire either one
shot or 1000. It’s all the same to Betsie. She is
made for business and never balks.

  I own and have handled both kinds but would
not have an automatic on me in a gun country.
How are you going to keep an automatic clean in a
desert country?—Ira A. Thompson.	\

SERVICES TO OUR READERS

  Lost Trails, for finding missing

relatives and friends, runs in alter-
nate issues from “Old Songs That
Men Have Sung.”

 Old Songs That Men Have
Sung, a section of “Ask Adventure,”
rims in alternate issues from “Lost Trails.”
Camp-Fire Stations: explanation in the second
and third issues of each month. Full list in second
issue of each month.

  Various Practical Services to Any Reader:
Free Identification Card in eleven languages
(metal, 25 cents); Mail Address and Forwarding
Service; Back Issues Exchanged; Camp-Fire
Buttons, etc., runs in the last issue of each month.
VARIOUS PRACTICAL SERVICES
TO ANY READER

These services of Adventure, mostly free, are open to any one.

They involve much time, work and expense on our part, but we ask in return
only that you read and observe the simple rules, thus saving needless
delay and trouble for us. The whole spirit of the magazine is one of friendliness.
No formality between editors and readers. Whenever we can help we’re ready
and willing to try. Remember: Magazines are made up ahead of time.
Allow for two or three months between sending and publication.

Identification Cards

   Free to any reader. Just send us (i) your name and ad-
dress, (2) name and address of party to be notified, (3) a
stamped and self-addressed return envelope.

  Each card bears this Inscription, printed In English,
French, Spanish, German, Portuguese, Dutch, Italian,
Arabic, Chinese, Russian and Japanese:

   “In case of death or serious emergency to bearer, address
serial number of this card, care of Adventure, New York,
stating full particulars, and friends will be notified."

   In our office, under each serial number, will be registered
the name of bearer and of one or two friends, with per-
manent address of each. No name appears on the card.
Letters will be forwarded to friend, unopened by us. Names
and addresses treated as confidential. We assume no other
obligations. Cards not for business Identification. Cards
furnished free provided stamped and addressed envelope ac-
companies application. We reserve the right to use our
own discretion in all matters pertaining to these cards.

  Metal Cards—For twenty-five cents we will send you
post-paid, the same card In aluminum composition, perfo-
rated at each end. Enclose a self-addressed return enve-
lope, but no postage. Twenty-five cents covers every-
thing. Give same data as for pasteboard cards. Holders
of pasteboard cards can be registered under both paste-
board and metal cards if desired, but old numbers can not
be duplicated on metal cards. If you no longer wish your
old card, destroy It carefully and notify us. to avoid con-
fusion and possible false alarms to your friends registered
under that card.

  A moment’s thought will show the value of this system
of card-ldentification for any one, whether In civilization or
out of It. Remember to furnish stamped and addressed
envelope and to give in full the names and addresses of self
and frtend or friends when applying.

  If check or money order Is sent, please make It out to
the Rldgway Company, not to any Individual.

Expeditions and Employment

   While we should like to be of aid In these matters, expe-
rience has shown that it Is not practicable.

Missing Friends or Relatives

(See Lost Trails in next issue.)

Back Issues of Adventure

  The Boston Magazine Exchange, 24 T Wharf,
Boston, Mass., can supply Adventure back through
1918, and occasional copies before that.

WILL BUY: July 30, 1922 issue. State your price.—
Address Frank J. Curran, 16 Pomander Walk, New York
City.

WILL BUY: August 3, 1920 issue. Who can supply it?—
Address H. S. Auerbach, Auerbach Company, Salt Lake
City, Utah.

WILL SELL: Issues from 1918 to 1923. inclusive, except
May 1920. $io—Address Edward F. Mendosch, 4204
33rd St., Cincinnati, Ohio.

WILL SELL: Issues from 1914 to 1925, inclusive, except
for 16 numbers. 240 numbers including Vols. VIII. to L.
with 44 duplicates—Adress Luis A. Barker, 40 University
Place, Brookline, Mass.

Manuscripts

  Glad to look at any manuscripts. We have no "regular
staff" of writers. A welcome for new writers. It is not
necessary to write asking to submit your work.

  When submitting a manuscript, if you write a letter con-
cerning it, enclose it with the manuscript; do not send It
under separate cover. Enclose stamped and addressed
envelope for return. All manuscripts should be type-
written double-spaced, with wide margins, not rolled, name
and address on first page. We assume no risk for manu-
scripts or illustrations submitted, but use all due care while
they are in our hands. Payment on acceptance.

  We want only clean stories. Sex, morbid, “problem,"
psychological and supernatural stories barred. Use almost
no fact-articles. Can not furnish or suggest collaborators.
Use fiction of almost any length; under 3,000 welcomed.

Camp-Fire Stations

  Our Camp-Fire Is extending Its Stations all
over the world. Any one belongs who wishes
to. Any member desiring to meet those who
are still hitting the trails may maintain a
Station In his home or shop where wanderers
may call and receive such hospitality as the
Keeper wishes to offer. The only requirements are that
the Station display the regular sign, provide a box for mail
to be called for and keep the regular register book and
maintain his Station In good repute. Otherwise Keepers
run their Stations to suit themselves and are not responsible
to this magazine or representative of it. List of Stations
and further details are published In the Camp-Fire in the
second Issue of each month. Address letters regarding
stations to J. Cox.

Camp-Fire Buttons

  To be worn on lapel of coat by members of
Camp-Fire—any one belongs who wishes to.
Enameled In dark colors representing earth, sea
and sky, and bears the numeral 71—the sum of
the letters of the word Camp-Fire valued ac-
cording toposltlon In the alphabet. Very small
and Inconspicuous. Designed to Indicate the common
Interest which is the only requisite for membership In
Camp-Fire and to enable members to recognize each other
when they meet in far places or at home. Twenty-five
cents, post-paid, anywhere.

  When sending for the button enclose a strong, self-
addressed, unstamped envelope.

  If check or money order Is sent, please make It out to
the Rldgway Company, not to any Individual.

Mail Address and Forwarding Service

   This office, assuming no •‘^sponslblllty, will be glad to act
as a forwarding address for Its readers or to hold mall tUl
called for, provided necessary postage Is supplied.

Addresses

  Camp-Fire—Any one belongs who wishes to.

Rifle Clubs—Address Nat. Rifle Ass'n of America, 1108

Woodward Bldg.. Washington, D. C.

  (See also under "Standing Information” In "As/e Adven-
ture")
  AcL . A Free Question and Answer Service Bureau of Infor-
y mation on Outdoor Life and Activities Everywhere and
Affybrrti' Upon the Various Commodities Required Therein. Con-
/Y	ducted for Adventure Magazine by Our Staff of Experts.

       UESTIONS should be sent not to this office, but direct to the
expert in charge of the section in whose field it falls. So
that service may be as prompt as possible, he will answer you
by mail direct. But he will also send to us a copy of each question
and answer, and from these we shall select those of most general inter-
est and publish them each issue in this department, thus making it
itself an exceedingly valuable standing source of practical information.
Unless otherwise requested inquirer’s name and town are printed with
question; street numbers not given.

    When you ask for general information on a given district or subject
the expert may give you some valuable general pointers and refer you
to books or to local or special sources of information.

     Our experts will in all cases answer to the best of their ability, using
their own discretion in all matters pertaining to their sections, subject
only to our general rules for “Ask Adventure,” but neither they nor the magazine assumes any responsi-
bility beyond the moral one of trying to do the best that is possible. These experts have been chosen by
us not only for their knowledge and experience but with an eye to their integrity and reliability. We have
emphatically assured each of them that his advice or information is not to be affected in any way by
whether a given commodity is or is not advertised in this magazine.

1.	Service free to anybody, provided self-addressed envelop and full postage, not at-
   tached, are enclosed. (See footnote at bottom of page.) Correspondents writing to
   or from foreign countries will please enclose International Reply Coupons, purchas-
   able at any post-office, and exchangeable for stamps of any country in the Inter-
   national Postal Union. Be sure that the issuing office stamps the coupon in the
   left-hand circle.

2.	Send each question direct to the expert in charge of the particular section whose
   field covers it. He will reply by mail. Do NOT send questions to this magazine.

3.	No reply will be made to requests for partners, for financial backing, or for chances to
   join expeditions. “Ask Adventure” covers business and work opportunities, but only
   if they are outdoor activities, and only in the way of general data and advice. It is in
   no sense an employment bureau.

4.	Make your questions definite and specific. State exactly your wants, qualifications
   and intentions. Explain your case sufficiently to guide the expert you question.

5.	Send no question until you have read very carefully the exact ground covered by
   the^ particular expert in whose section it seems to belong.

1.	The Sea Part 1 American Waters
BeriahBrown, i624BiegelowAve.,Olympia,Wash. Ships,
seamen and shipping; nautical history, seamanship, navl-

fation, yachting, small-boat sailing; commercial fisheries of
forth America; marine bibliography of U. S.; fishing-vessels
of the North Atlantic and Pacific banks. (See next section.)

2.	The Sea Part 2 British Waters

Captain A. E. Dingle, care Adventure. Seamanship,
navigation, old-time sailorizing, ocean-cruising, etc. Ques-
tions on the sea, ships and men local to the British Empire
go to Captain Dingle, not Mr. Brown.

3.	The Sea Part 3 Statistics of American Shipping
Harry E. Rieseberg, Apartment 347-A, Kew Gardens,
Washington, D. C. Historical records, tonnages, names
and former names, dimensions, services, power, class, rig,
builders, present and past ownerships, signals, etc., of all
vessels of the American Merchant Marine and Government
vessels in existence over five gross tons in the U. S., Pana-
ma and the Philippines, and the furnishing of information
and records of vessels under American registry as far back
as 1760.	'

4.	Islands and Coasts Part 1 Islands of Indian and

      Atlantic Oceans; the Mediterranean; Cape Horn
and Magellan Straits
Cai>tain A. E. Dingle, care Adventure. Ports, trade,
peoples, travel. (See next section.)

5.	Islands Part 2 Haiti, Santo Domingo, Porto Rico,

      Virgin and Jamaica Groups

Charles Bell Emerson, Adventure Cabin, Los Gatos,

Calif. Languages, mining, minerals, fishing, sugar, fruit
and tobacco production.

9.	Islands Part 3 Cuba

Wallace Montgomery, Warner Sugar Co. of Cuba, Mi-
randa, Oriente, Cuba. Geography, industries, people, cus-
toms, hunting, fishing, history and government.

7.	★ New Zealand; and the South Sea Islands Part 1

      Cook Islands, Samoa
Tom L. Mills, The Feilding Star, Feilding, New Zealand.
Travel, history, customs; adventure, exploring, aport.
(Send International Reply Coupon for eleven cents.)

8.	★ South Sea Islands Part 2 French Oceania (Tahiti,

      the Society, Paumoto, Marquesas); Islands of
      Western Pacific (Solomons, New Hebrides,
      Fiji, Tonga); of Central Pacific (Guam, Ladrone.
      Pelew, Caroline, Marshall, Gilbert, Ellice); of
      the Detached (Wallis, Penrhyn, Danger, Easter,
      Rotuma, Futuna, Pitcairn).

Charles Brown, Jr., Boite No. 167, Papeete, Tahiti,
Society Islands, South Pacific Ocean. Inhabitants, history,
travel, sports, equipment, climate, living conditions, com-
merce, pearling, vanilla and coconut culture. (Send Inter-
national Reply Coupon for eleven cents.)

9.	★ Australia and Tasmania

Phillip Norman, 842 Military Rd., Mosman, Sydney, N. S.
W., Australia. Customs, resources, travel, hunting, sports,
history. (Send International Reply Coupon for eleven cents.)

10.	Malaysia, Sumatra and Java

Fay-Cooper Cole, Ph. D., Field Museum of Natural His-
tory, Chicago, 111. Hunting and fishing, exploring, com-
merce, inhabitants, history, institutions.

11.	★ New Guinea

L. P. B. Armit, Port Moresby. Territory of Papua,
via Sydney, Australia. Hunting and fishing, exploring,
commerce, Inhabitants, history, institutions. Questions

★	(Enclose addressed envelop with International Reply Coupon for eleven cents.)

183
184

Adventure

regarding the measures or policy of the Government or
proceedings of Government officers not answered. (Send
International Reply Coupon for eleven cents.)

12.	Philippine Islands.

Buck Connor. L. 13. 4, Quartzsite, Ariz. History, inhabi-
tants, topography, customs, travel, hunting, fishing, min-
erals, agriculture, commerce.

13.	Hawaiian Islands and China

P. J. Halton, 1402 Lytton Bldg., Chicago, 111. Customs,
travel,natural history, resources, agriculture, fishing, hunting.

14.	Japan

Grace P. T. Knud son, Castine, Me. Commerce, politics,
people, customs, history, geography, travel, agriculture,
art, curios.

15.	Asia Part 1 Arabia, Persia, India, Tibet, Burma,

     Western China, Borneo
Captain Beverley Giddings, care Adventure. Hunting,
exploring, traveling, customs.

16.	Asia Part 2 Siam, Andamans, Malay Straits,

      Straits Settlements, Shan States and Yunnan

Gordon MacCreagh, 21 East 14th St., New York. Hunt-
ing, trading, traveling, customs.

17.	Asia Part 3 Coast of Northeastern Siberia, and

     Adjoining Waters
Captain C. L. Oliver, care Adventure. Natives, language,
mining, trading, customs, climate. Arctic Ocean: Winds,
currents, depths, ice conditions, walrus-hunting.

18.	★ Asia Part 4 North China, Mongolia and Chinese

      T urkestan

George W. Twomey, M. D., 60 Rue de l’Amirautfi, Tient-
sin, China. Natives, languages, trading, customs, climate
and hunting. (Send International Reply Coupon for five
cents.)

19.	Africa Part 1 Sierra Leone to Old Calabar, West

      Africa, Southern and Northern Nigeria
Robert Simpson, care Adventure. Labor, trade, expenses,
outfitting, living conditions, tribal customs, transportation.

20.	★ Africa Part 2 Transvaal, N. W. and Southern
Rhodesia, British East, Uganda and the Upper Congo

Charles Beadle. La Roseraie, Cap d’Ail (Alpes Mari-
times). Prance. Geography, hunting, equipment, trading,
climate, transport, customs, living conditions, witchcraft,
adventure and sport. (Send International Reply Coupon
for five cents.)

21.	Africa Part 3 Cape Colony, Orange River Col-

      ony, Natal and Zululand
Captain F. J. Franklin, care Adventurers' Club of Chi-
cago, 40 South Clark St., Chicago, 111. Climate, shooting
and fishing, imports and exports; health resorts, minerals,
direct shipping routes from U. S., living conditions, travel,
opportunities for employment. Free booklets on: Orange-
growing, apple-growing, sugar-growing, maize-growing; viti-
culture; sheep and fruit ranching.

22.	41 Africa Part 4 Portuguese East

R. G. Waring, Corunna, Ont., Canada, Trade, produce,
climate, opportunities, game, wild life, travel, expenses,
outfits, health, etc. (Send International Reply Coupon for
three cents.)

23.	Africa Part 5 Morocco

George E. Holt, care Adventure. Travel, tribes, customs,
history, topography, trade.

24.	Africa Part 6 Tripoli

Captain Beveri ky Giddings, care Adventure. Including
the Sahara Tuaregs and caravan routes. Traveling, ex-
ploring, customs, caravan trade.

25.	Africa Part 7 Egypt, Tunis, Algeria

(Editor to be appointed.) Travel, history, ancient and
modem; monuments, languages, races, customs, commerce.

26.	Africa Part 8 Sudan

W. T. Moffat, Opera House, Southport, Lancashire, En-
gland. Climate, prospects, trading, traveling, customs,
history. (Send International Reply Coupon for three
cents.)

27.	Turkey

J. F. Edwards, David Lane. East Hampton, N. Y. Travel,
history, geography, politics, races, languages, customs, com-
merce, outdoor life, general Information.

28.	Asia Minor

(Editor to be appointed.)	_ „ „

29.	Bulgaria, Roumania

(Editor to be appointed.) Travel, history, topography,
languages, customs, trade opportunities.

34.	Albania

Robert S. Townsend, 1447 Irving St., Washington, D. C.
History, politics, customs, languages. Inhabitants, sports,
travel, outdoor life.

31.	Jugo-Slavia and Greece

Lieut. William Jenna, Fort Clayton, Panama. C. Z.
History, politics, customs, geography, language, travel;
outdoor life.

32.	Scandinavia

Robert S. Townsend, 1447 Irving St., Washington, D. C.

History, politics, customs, languages. Inhabitants, sports,
travel, outdoor life.

,*3. Germany, Czecho-Slovakia, Austria, Poland

Fred. F. Fleischer, care Adventure. History, politics, cus-
toms, languages, trade opportunities, travel, sports, out-
door life.

34.	>i< Great Britain

Thomas Bowen Partington. Constitutional Club, North-
umberland Ave., W. C. 2, London, England. General in-
formation. (Send Internalional Reply Coupon for three cents.)

35.	South America Part 1 Colombia, Ecuador, Peru,

      Bolivia and Chile
Edgar Young, care Adventure. Geography, Inhabitants,
history, industries, topography, minerals, game, languages,
customs.

36.	South America Part 2 Venezuela, the Guianas

      and Brazil

Paul Vanorden Shaw, 360 W. 122nd St., New York, N. Y.
Travel, history, customs, industries, topography, inhabi-
tants, languages, hunting and fishing.

37.	South America Part 3 Argentina, Uruguay and

     Paraguay

William R. Barbour, care Adventure. Geography, travel,
agriculture, cattle, timber, inhabitants, camping and ex-
ploration, general information. Question:; regarding em-
ployment not answered.

38.	Central America

Charles Bell Emerson, Adventure Cabin, Los Gatos,
Calif. Canal Zone, Panama, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Hon-
duras, British Honduras, Salvador, Guatemala. Travel,
languages, game, conditions, minerals, trading.

39.	Mexico Part I Northern

J. W. Whiteaker, 1 SOS W. 10th St., Austin, Tex. Bor-
der States of old Mexico—Sonora, Chihuahua, Coahuila,
Nuevo Leon and Tamaulipas. Minerals, lumbering, agri-
culture, travel, customs, topography, climate, inhabitants,
hunting, history, industries.

40.	Mexico Part 2 Southern; and Lower California

C.	R. Mahaffey, care of Roadmaster, S. P. Co., San Jose,
Calif. Lower California- Mexico south of a line from
Tampico to M..zatlan. Mining, agriculture, topography,
travel, hunting, lumbering, history, inhabitants, business
and general conditions.

41.	Mexico Part 3 Southeastern

W. Russell Sheets, 1303 Euclid St., N. W., Washington,

D.	C. Federal Territory of Quinta Roo, Yucatan, Cam-
peche. Travel, geography, business conditions, explora-
tion, inhabitants, history and customs.

42.	>£< Canada Part 1 Height of Land, Region of

      Northern Quebec and Northern Ontario (except
      Strip between Minn, and C. P. Ry.); Southeast-
      ern Ungava and Keewatin

S.	E. Sangster (''Canuck"), L. B. 393, Ottawa, Canada.
Sport, canoe routes, big game, fish, fur; equipment; Indian
life and habits; Hudson’s Bay Co. posts; minerals, timber,
customs regulations. No questions answered on trapping
for profit. (Send International Reply Coupon for three cents!)

43.	>1* Canada Part 2 Ottawa Valley and Southeast-

      ern Ontario

Harry M. Moore, Deseronto. Ont., Canada. Fishing,
hunting, canoeing, mining, lumbering, agriculture, topog-
raphy, travel, camping. (Send International Reply Coupon
for three cents.)

44.	Canada Part S Georgian Bay and Southern
     Ontario

A. D. L. Robinson, 115 Huron St., Walkerville, Ont.,
Canada. Fishing, hunting, trapping, canoeing; farm loca-
tions, wild lands, national parks, (Send International
Reply Coupon for three cents.)

45.	Canada Part 4 Hunters Island and English

      River District
T. F. Phillips, Department of Science, Duluth Central
High School, Duluth, Minn. Fishing, camping, hunting,
trapping, canoeing, climate, topography, travel.

46.	Canada Part 5 Yukon, British Columbia and

      Alberta

(Editor to be appointed.) Including Peace River district;
to Great Slave Lake. Outfits and equipment, guides, big
game, minerals, forest, prairie; travel; customs regulations.

47.	>i< Canada Part 6 Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Mac-

      kenzie and Northern Keewatin
Reece H. Hague, The Pas, Manitoba, Canada. Home-
steading, mining, hunting, trapping, lumbering and travel.
(Send International Reply Coupon for three cents.)

48.	4« Canada Part 7 Southeastern Quebec

Jas. r. B. Belford, Codrington, Ont., Canada. Hunting,
fishing, lumbering, camping, trapping, auto and canoe trips,
history, topography, farming, homesteading, mining, paper
Industry, water-power. (Send International Reply Coupon
for three cents.)

49.	Canada Part 8 Newfoundland

C. T. James, Bonaventure Avenue. St. Johns, Newfound-

ir (Enclose addressed envelop with International Reply Coupon far five cents.)
41 (Enclose addressed envelop with International Reply Coupon for three cents.)
Ask Adventure

185

land. Hunting, fishing, trapping, auto and canoe trips,
topography; general information.

59. Canada Part 9 New Brunswick, Nova Scotia,
     Prince Edward Is.

Fred L. Bowden. 312 High Street, Newark, N. J. Lum-
bering, hunting, fishing, trapping, auto and canoe trips, to-
pography, farming and homesteading; general information.
51* Aliskn

Theodore S. Solomons, 6720 Leland Way. Hollywood,
Calif. Arctic life and travel; boats, packing, back-pack-
ing, traction, transport, routes; equipment, clothing, food;
physics, hygiene; mountain work.

52.	Baffinland and Greenland

Victor Shaw, Box 958, Ketchikan, Alaska. Hunting, ex-
peditions, dog-team work, whaling, geology, ethnology
(Eskimo).

53.	Western U. S. Part 1 Calif.. Ore.. Wash., Nev,

      Utah and Ariz.

E.	E. Harriman, 2303 W. 23rd St., Los Angeles, Calif.
Game, fur, fish; camp, cabin; mines, minerals; mountains.

54.	Western U. S. Part 2 New Mexico

H. F. Robinson, 200-202 Korber Block, Albuquerque, N.
M. Agriculture, automobile routes, Indians, Indian dances,
including the snake dance, oil-fields, hunting, fishing, camp-
ing; history, early and modem.

55.	Western U. S. PartS Colo, and Wyo.

Frank Middleton, 509 Fr6mont St., Laramie, Wyo. Geog-
raphy, agriculture, stock-raising, mining, hunting, fishing,
trapping, camping and outdoor life in general.

56.	Western U. S. Part 4 Mont. and the Northern
   Rocky Mountains.

Fred W. Egleston, 606 West Lamme, Bozeman, Mont.
Agriculture, mining, northwestern oil-fields, hunting, fish-
ing, camping, automobile tours, guides, early history.

57.	Western U. S. Part 5 Idaho and Surrounding

     Country

R. T. Newman, Box 833, Anaconda, Mont. Camping,
shooting, fishing, equipment, information on expeditions,
history and inhabitants.

58.	Western U. S. Part 6 Tex. and Okla.

J. W. Whit BAKER, 1505 W. 10th St.. Austin, Tex. Min-
erals, agriculture, travel, topography, climate, hunting,
history, industries.

59.	Middle Western U. S. Part 1 The Dakotas, Neb.,

       Ia., Kan.

Joseph Mills Hanson, care Adventure. Hunting, fishing,
travel. Especially, early history of Missouri Valley.

60.	Middle Western U. S. Part 2 Mo. and Ark.

John B. Thompson (“Ozark Ripley"), care of Adventure.
Also the Missouri Valley up to Sioux City, Iowa. Wilder
countries of the Ozarks, and swamps; hunting, fishing,
trapping, farming, mining and range lands; big-timber
sections.

61.	Middle Western U. ». Part 3 Ind., III., Mich.,

      Wis., Minn, and Lake Michigan
John B. Thompson (“Ozark Ripley”), care of Adventure.
Fishing, clamming, hunting, trapping, lumbering, canoeing,
camping, guides, outfits, motoring, agriculture, minerals,
natural history, early history, legends.

62.	Middle Western U. S. Part 4 Mississippi River
Geo. A. Zerr, Vine and Hill Sts., Crafton P. O., Ingram,
Pa. Routes, connections, itineraries; all phases of river
steamer and power-boat travel; history and idiosyncrasies
of the river and its tributaries. Questions regarding
methods of working one’s way should be addressed to
Mr. Spears. (See section 64.)

63.	Middle Western U. S, Part 5 Great Lakes

H.	C. Gardner. 1909 Stout St., Denver, Colo. Seaman-
ship. navigation, courses and distances, reefs and shoals,
lights and landmarks, charts; laws, fines, penalties; river
navigation.

64.	Eastern U. S. Part 1 Adirondacks, New York;

      Lower Miss. (St. Louis down), Atchafalaya
      across La. swamps, St. Francis River, Arkansas
      Bottoms. North and East Shores of Lake Mich.

Raymond S. Spears, Inglewood, Calif. Transcontinental
and other auto-trail tours (Lincoln, National, Old Santa
F6, Yellowstone, Red Ball, Old Spanish Trail, Dixie High-
way. Ocean to Ocean, Pike’s Peak); regional conditions,
outfits, suggestions; skiff, outboard, small launch river and.
lake tripping and cruising; trapping; fresh water and but-
ton shelling; wildcraft, camping, nature study.

65.	Eastern U. S. Part 2 Motor-Boat and Canoe

      Cruising on Delaware and Chesapeake Bays and
Tributary Rivers
Howard A. Shannon, care Adventure. Motor-boat equip-
ment and management. Oystering, crabbing, eeling, black
bass, pike, sea-trout, croakers; general fishing in tidal
waters. Trapping and trucking on Chesapeake Bay.
Water fowl and upland game in Maryland and Virginia.
Early history of Delaware, Virginia and Maryland.

66.	Eastern U. S. Part 3 Marshes and Swamplands

      of the Atlantic Coast from Philadelphia to
      Jacksonville

Howard A. Shannon, care Adventure. Okefinokee and

Dismal, Okranoke and the Marshes of Glynn; Croatan
Indians of the Carolinas. History, traditions, customs,
hunting, modes of travel, snakes.

67.	Eastern U. S. Part 4 Southern Appalachians

William R. Barbour, care Adventure. AUeghanies, Blue
Ridge, Smokies, Cumberland Plateau, Highland Rim.
Topography, climate, timber, hunting and fishing, auto-
mobiling, national forests, general information.

68.	Eastern U. S. Part 5 Tenn., Ala. Miss., N. and S.

       C., Fla. and Ga.

Hapsburg Liebe, care of Adventure. Except Tennessee
River and Atlantic seaboard. Hunting, fishing, camping;
logging, lumbering, sawmilling, saws.

69.	Eastern U. S. Part 6 Maine

Dr. G. E. Hathorne. 70 Main St., Bangor, Me. For all
territory west of the Penobscot River. Fishing, hunting,
canoeing, guides, outfits, supplies.

70.	Eastern U. S. Part 7 Eastern Maine

H.	B. Stanwood, East Sullivan, Me. For all territory
east of the Penobscot River. Hunting, fishing, canoeing,
mountaineering, guides; general information.

71.	Eastern U. S. Part 8 Vt., N. H., Conn., R. I.,

      and Mass.

Howard R. Voight, 3s Dawson Aye.. West Haven, Conn.
Fishing, hunting, travel, roads; business conditions; history.

72.	Eastern U. S. Part 9 New Jersey

FrancisH.Bent,Jr.,Farmingdale,N.J. Topography,hunt-
ing, fishing; automobile routes; history; general information.

73.	Eastern U. S. Part 10 Maryland

Lawrence Edmund Allen, 201 Bowery Ave., Frostburg,
Md. Mining, touring, summer resorts, historical places,
general information.

A.—Radio

  Donald McNicol, 132 Union Road, Roselle Park, N. J,
Telegraphy, telephony, history, broadcasting, apparatus,
Invention, receiver construction, portable sets.

         B.—Mining and Prospecting
Victor Shaw, Box 958, Ketchikan, Alaska. Territory
anywhere on the continent of North America. Questions on
mines, mining law, mining, mining methods or practise;
where and how to prospect, how to outfit; how to make
the mine after it is located; how to work it and how to sell
it; general geology necessary for miner or prospector,
including the precious and base metals and economic
minerals such as pitchblende or uranium, gypsum, mica,
cryolite, etc. Questions regarding investment or the
merits of any particular company are excluded.

C.—Old Songs That Men Have Sung

   A department for collecting hitherto unpublished speci-
mens and for answering questions concerning all songs

of the out-of-doors that have had sufficient virility to out-
last their immediate day; chanteys, ‘ 'forebitters.” ballads
—songs of outdoor men—sailors, lumberjacks, soldiers
cowboys, pioneers, rivermen, canal-men, men of the Great
Lakes, voyageurs, railroad men, miners, hoboes, plantation
hands, etc.—R. W. Gordon, 4 Conant Hall, Cambridge.
Mass.

         D.—Weapons, Past and Present

Rifles, shotguns, pistols, revolvers, ammunition and edged
weapons. (Any questions on the arms adapted to a par-
ticular locality should not be sent to this department but
to the “Ask Adventure” editor covering the district.)

  1.—All	Shotguns, including foreign and American
makes; wing shooting. John B. Thompson (“Ozark Rip-
ley”), care of Adventure.

  2.—All	Rifles, Pistols and Revolvers, Including for-
eign and American makes. Donegan Wiggins, R. F. D. 3,
Lock Box 75. Salem, Ore.

  3.—Edged	Weapons, and Firearms Prior to 1800.
Swords, pikes, knives, battle-axes, etc., and all firearms of
the flintlock, matchlock, wheel-lock and snaphaunce vari-
eties. Lewis Appleton Barker, 40 University Road,
Brookline, Mass.

          E.—Salt and Fresh Water Fishing

  John B. Thompson (“Ozark Ripley”), care of Adventure.
Fishing-tackle and equipment; fly and bait casting and
bait; camping-outfits; fishing-trips.

           F.—Forestry in the United States

  Ernest W. Shaw, South Carver, Mass. Big-game hunt-
ing, guides and equipment; national forests of the Rocky
Mountain States. Questions on the policy of the Govern-
ment regarding game and wild-animal life in the forests.

G.—Tropical Forestry

William R. Barbour, care Adventure. Tropical forests
and forest products; their economic possibilities; distribu-
tion, exploration, etc.
Adventure

H.—Aviation

  Lieut.-Col. W. G. Schauffler, Jr., 2940 Newark St.
N. W., Washington, D. C. Airplanes; airships; aeronautical
motors; airways and landing fields; contests; Aero Clubs;
insurance; aeronautical laws; licenses; operating data;
schools; foreign activities; publications. No questions an-
swered regarding aeronautical stock-promotion companies.

  I.—Army Matters, United States and Foreign
Fred. F. Fleischer, care A dventure. United States: Mili-
tary history, Military policy. National Defense Act of 1920.
Regulations and matters in general for organized reserves.
Army and uniform regulations, infantry drill regulations,
field service regulations. Tables of organization. Citizens’
military training camps. Foreign: Strength and distribution
of foreign armies before the war. Uniforms. Strength of for-
eign armies up to date. History of armies of countries covered
by Mr. Fleischer in general, ‘‘Ask Adventure” section.
General: Tactical questions on the late war. Detailed infor-
mation on all operations during the late war from the view-
point of the German high command. Questions regarding
enlisted personnel and officers, except such as are published
in Officers’ Directory, can not be answered.

               J.—Navy Matters
Lieut. Francis V. Greene, U. S. N. R., 588 Bergen
Street, Brooklyn, N. Y. Regulations, history, customs, drill
gunnery; tactical and strategic questions, ships, propulsion,
construction, classification; general information. Questions
regarding the enlisted, personnel and officers except such as
contained in the Register of Officers can not be answered.

K.-American Anthropology North of the Panama Canal
Arthur Woodward, 1244^ Leighton Ave., Los Angeles,
Calif. Customs, dress, architecture, pottery and decorative
arts, weapons and implements, fetishism, social divisions.

             L.—First Aid on the Trail
Claude P. Fordyce, M. D., Falls City, Neb. Medical
and surgical emergency care, wounds, injuries, common ill-
nesses, diet, pure water, clothing, insect and snake-bite;
industrial first aid and sanitation for mines, logging camps,
ranches and exploring parties as well as for camping trips
of all kinds. First-aid outfits. Meeting all health hazards
of the outdoor life, arctic, temperate and tropical zones.

M.—Health-Building Outdoors

  Claude P. Fordyce, M. D„ Falls City, Neb. How to
get well and how to keep well in the open air, where to go
and how to travel. Tropical hygiene. General health-
building, safe exercise, right food and habits, with as much
adaptation as possible to particular cases.

N.—Railroading in the U. S., Mexico and Canada

  R. T. Newman, Box 833, Anaconda, Mont. General-
office, especially immigration, work; advertising work,
duties of station agent, bill clerk, ticket agent, passenger
brakeman and rate clerk. General information.

O.—Herpetology

  Dr. G. K. Noble, American Museum of Natural History,
77th St., and Central Park West, New York, N. Y. Gen-
eral information concerning reptiles (snakes, lizards, turtles,
crocodiles) and amphibians (frogs, toads, salamanders);
their customs, habits and distribution.

         P.—Entomology	«

  Dr. Frank E. Lutz, Ramsey, N. J. General information
about insects and spiders; venomous insects, disease-carry-
ing insects, insects attacking man, etc.; distribution. *

Q.—STANDING INFORMATION

  For Camp-Fire Stations write Laurence Jordon, care
Adventure.

  For general information on U. S. and its possessions
write Supt. of Public Documents, Wash, D. CT, for catalog
of all Government publications. For U. S., its posses-
sions and most foreign countries, the Dept, of Com.,
Wash., D. C.

  For the Philippines, Porto Rico, and customs receiver-
ships in Santo Domingo and Haiti, the Bureau of Insular
Affairs, War Dept., Wash., D. C.

  For Alaska, the Alaska Bureau, Chamber of Commerce,
Central Bldg., Seattle, Wash.

  For Hawaii, Hawaii Promotion Committee, Chamber of
Commerce, Honolulu, T. H. Also, Dept, of the Interior,
Wash., D. C.

  For Cuba, Bureau of Information, Dept, of Agri., Com.
and Labor, Havana, Cuba.

  The Pan-American Union for general information on
Latin-American matters or for specific data. Address
L. S. Rowe, Dir. Gen., Wash., D. C.

  For R. C. M. P., Commissioner Royal Canadian Mounted
Police, Ottawa, Can. Only unmarried British subjects, age
18 to 40, above 5 ft. 8 in. and under 17s lbs.

For Canal Zone, the Panama Canal Com., Wash., D. C.

  National Rifle Association of America, Brig. Gen. Fred H.
Phillips, Jr., Sec’v, 1108 Woodward Bldg., Wash., D. C.

  United States Revolver Ass’n. W. A. Morrall, Sec’y-
Treas., Hotel Virginia, Columbus, O.

  National parks, how to get there and what to do
when there. Address National Park Service, Wash., D. C.

  For whereabouts of Navy men, Bureau of Navigation,
Navy Department, Wash., D. D.

Haiti

     LISTEN to a couple of old-timers
recalling the days when they chased
the wily caco:

  Request:—“Having been an interested reader of
Adventure for the last ten years, and having spent,
endured, or what you will, three years in Haiti as a
member of the Marine Corps, I thought it would be
pleasant to write to you to exchange our views on the
place.

  I know nothing of the mineral resources of Haiti.
I was not in the exact position to learn about that.
I did a little fishing—never catching anything—shot
a few stray chickens, pigs and natives.

  All the fruit I saw grew wild. I learned to like
the Spanish apples, zabokas, figs, quinin oranges and
the W. K. mango. As you probably know, most of
that stuff grows wild, the ‘gooks’ only cultivating
a small garden wherein they raised a few beans,
spuds and stalles of com.

  During 1917-18 the H. P. Davis Company of
New York cultivated quite a few acres of castor-
beans to get the oil for the lubrication of Liberty
motors.

  As to coffee, it grows wild all over the hills. I

have seen, as you have, heap after heap, sacks after
sack of it on the water front in Port au Prince and
Cape Haitien. I knew one merchant in the Cape, a
M. de Catalogne, who had extensive holdings.

  Haiti fascinated me. I’ve heard the throbbing of
the drums for five days and nights, out in the bush.
I have heard the weird call of the conch-homs from
the top of some moon-drenched hill. I have seen
the dull-red glow of the watch-fires of the cocos. I
have heard the gusty-voiced washwomen calling
to each other, and singing as they beat the dirt out
of clothes resting on a rock in the Artibonite.

  While stationed in the Cape I climbed the rough
road to the Citadel of Henri Christophe, saw its
caverns, galleries and courtyards. Heard the drip
of water, the whir of wings, the crawling of hard-
bodied creatures over its flagstones.

  I have stood on the spot where, to impress a
visitor with the rigid discipline enforced, King
Christophe marched a company of soldiers to their
death, two thousand feet below. I have seen the
wondrous view from those mighty towers, rivers,
towns and, dim in the distance, the Cape, Quartier
Morin and historic Petit Anse.

  I hiked from the Cape to Gonaives, passing
through Limhe, Gangcock, where we enjoyed im-
mensely a swim in an icy river; Plaisance, where we
Ask Adventure

187'

found the largest grapefruit I’ve ever seen, and
where we could see the frowning barrier of ‘Pills-
bury.’ Ennery very hot, very stony, entirely sur-
rounded by hills, and so into Gonaives, a town of
wide well-lighted streets and an immaculate civil
prison—and a movie where I saw the ‘Burning of
Rome’ for the fiftieth time more or less. As the sub-
titles were in Spanish an interpreter was used to
read them off in French, which proceeding caused the
three piece orchestra (?) to rest at least forty times.

T SPENT three days there and then left for Port au

  Prince via the U. S. S. Potomac. I explored the
capitol thoroughly in the two months I was there
previous to leaving for Mirehalais in the interior.
From the city gate on the.north to Bizoton, from the
docks to the Mountain House. I rode the fire-
spitting trolley; I drank kola in the Cafe St. Louis; I
endured the odors of the market houses to see what
was there; I spent several hours in the huge cathe-
dral, a truly beautiful place when the last rays of the
sun enter through the stained windows.

  And I’ve entered the one-horse power taxis at the
Caserne Dessalines, gave no directions and was
promptly driven to the Chinese restaurant. Enter-
ing at the restaurant, giving no directions, I have as
promptly been driven back to the Caserne. Fare—
what have you?

  About the patois. I learned it rather well—I
had to. I have tried to learn French at the same
time and failed. I have always noticed that authors
or writers who write of Haiti never use any creole
words in their narratives. Why is it? Creole can be
written.

  I studied French under a very learned black man,
C. Jean-Jacques, in his tiny home on the corner of
13th and J in Cape Haitien. The evenings I spent
there were enjoyable ones although not so profitable.

  In the interior I could stand on the highest moun-
tain and see not a trail I had not hiked over, from
Hinche to Saut d’Eau, from Bout Nfigre to Las
Cahohas.

   I’ve sat all night in the inky blackness of a tropical
night staring down a trail, chills on a rampage on my
back for fear some tafia-crazed caco would slip and
‘couper ma tile.'

  I’ve shivered through the gray dawn on a hill top,
wrapped in a blanket soaked the night before whenl
fought my way through the Artibonite’s flood, out
on a hike after cocos. I have yet to find the quarry
awaiting at the end of those long, tiring tramps.

  I did not drink the rum or wines nor did I have
any affaires d'amour with any of the dusky beauties.

  Now, after all this junk I hope you will write and
tell me some of your experiences in the Black Re-
public. I will await a reply with great anticipation.”
—Leonard E. Thompson, Los Angeles, Calif.

  Reply, by Mr. Emerson:—Glad to have your in-
teresting letter. The mineral resources of Haiti are
tremendous, and as soon as the “French colored
gentlemen” are all safely buried, just so soon will I
go after the said mineral interests, but in the mean
time Central America is very much more interesting
to me.

  The American Chamber of Commerce of Haiti is
trying its best to get a move on the country in min-
ing and timber, etc., but by sitting in an armchair at
Port-au-Prince, I do not think it can be done very
soon.

  The natives out in the country do not wish any

one to dip into their hills in search of anything, and
as you know, some of them are not bluffers.

  Enclosed is a monograph on Haiti which I had
printed so as to answer the general questions that
come in; this you will like to read and file away for
future reference.

  Am acquainted with the fruits you mention, some
of them would sell in New York for large sums, if
the fruit could be made safe, and the customers fully
appreciate the time and trouble of getting such to
New York, Chicago, etc.

  Thirty-two years ago some New York men wanted
me to take charge of putting a twenty-four-inch
gage railway from the north shore in a straight line
as possible to Santo Domingo City on the south
coast, but after some investigation they found out
conditions, and “quit.”

  Did you meet any of the Haitian border police
with their six-foot macanas which they use as an
“inducement” on the heads of the natives, when it is
necessary, which same is quite often.

  I have found a place in Honduras where it isn’t
necessary to use so many .45’s, which cost money,
and time in the distribution, which takes one away
from the surveying instrument.

  You know what I mean, for you mention having
“heard the drums,” etc.

  Creole, although it can be written, isn’t of enough
interest to the readers to pay for going into the
translation; thus the publishers save on the linotype
expense, and the dear public never know the differ-
ence.

  You speak of not catching the native you went
after; your officer ought to have known that the na-
tive telegraph is always just seven jumps ahead of
the soldier sent out to catch any one in that country.

  You were wise to quit before you began on the
subject of the native women, for many of them are
“volcanoes” as some of my men found to their
sorrow and death. A white man’s place is with
white people all the time; it sometimes pays big
dividends to be good.

  I may be in Los Angeles in a few days, and may
drop in and see you.

    The full statement of the sections
  in this department as given in this is-
  sue, is printed only in alternate issues.

  Central American Forests

AN INDUSTRY which awaits de-
velopment:

  Request:—“Will you kindly send me any informa-
tion you may have regarding tropical forestry, par-
ticularly Central America. —C. J. Dyer, Jackson
Heights, L. I.

  Reply, by Mr. Barbour:—It is rather difficult to
answer your letter on tropical forestry, especially
Central America, because you do not ask specific
questions. One could write a volume on the general
subject without adequately covering it.

  If you are especially interested I would suggest
that you secure a copy of the “Timbers of Tropical
America,” just printed by the Yale University Press.
It is the first authoritative book on the subject.

  In general, there are three zones of forest growth
in Central America. One is in the Cordillera, the
188

Adventure

tierra fria, where the growth is pine, fir, etc., merg-
ing at lower altitudes into oaks and other temperate
zone trees.

  On each side of this central zone comes an inter-
mediate zone, the tierra templada, in which the oaks
etc., are found and are gradually replaced by sub-
tropical trees—mahogany, Spanish cedar, cocobolo
(west side only). Balsam of Peru (west side only),
logwood and fustic (principally east side) and many
others.

  These intermediate zones blend into the true
tropical growth near the sea coasts, the tierra cali-
enle, where mahogany, chicle, logwood, Spanish
cedar, mangrove, and a host of other species are
found. The jungles in this zone are tangled with
lianas, dense underbrush, etc. In certain sections
many palms are found.

  Lumbering is confined principally to the regions
near the sea. The centers of the mahogany in-
dustry are at Belize, British Honduras, Puerto
Cortez, Honduras, and Bluefields, Nicaragua. A
great part of the mahogany and Spanish cedar come
to the United States either in the log or squared.
Logwood and fustic, dyewoods, come in short logs.

  No scientific forestry is practiced in any part of
the region, so far, and the forests are not in good
condition.

Big Game in Montana

IF YOU hank*er after elk, deer or bear,
here’s your chance:

  Request:—“I have hunted at various times in
Jackson Hole and on the head of the Yellowstone
in Wyoming, but have never hunted in Montana.
Am considering a trip during the coming hunting
season in that State and would appreciate it if you
will give me your opinion on the advantages of a
hunt on the West Gallatin River near the Park as
against the Yellowstone near Garainer? If the
former, what is the best point at which to leave the
train?

  What are the chances for elk, deer and bear and
what special time, if any, should I plan to arrive
after the opening of the hunting season? Can you
give me the name of a reliable guide for that section
and a line or two regarding the kind of outfit which
he has? Are there any ranches near the Park which
are prepared to take in people for the summer and
through the hunting season, so-called “dude
ranches?”

  Any information which you can give me along the
above lines will be greatly appreciated.

  If this is published, please omit my name and
initials.”---

  Reply, by Mr. E. Shaw:—The game situation in the
two localities you mention varies widely. The West
Gallatin is the more popular hunting country, as elk
are more plentiful there than in the country lying
east from Garainer. The hunting areas in both
sections lie wholly within the National Forests.
The Gallatin Forest covers the West Gallatin area
and the Absareka Forest, of which I was formerly
the Supervisor, and includes the elk country east
from Garainer. I shall try and explain the situa-
tion so that you may understand it and act in ac-
cordance with your own judgement.

  The best of the hunting is found either at the
opening of the season or at the close of it, on Slough
Creek and Hellroaring Creek near the north boun-

dary of the Yellowstone Park and not farther from
it than two or three miles.

  Hellroaring Creek is about twenty-one miles east
of Garainer and Slough Creek is about twenty miles
east of Hellroaring. Between these two is Buffalo
Fork where elk are sometimes found, but it is fair
deer country, black-tail of course.

  The great trouble of this section for elk hunting is
that the country within the Absareka Forest all
slopes in a southerly direction toward the park.
All water runs down into the park. Naturally in
the late fall, including the hunting season, the natu-
ral tendency is for the elk to drift lower down and
therefore into the park where, as you know, they are
permanently protected.

  Toward the close of the hunting season, in Decem-
ber, th^ old bulls often work back into the higher
country within the forest along Hellroaring and
Coyote Creeks. At such time the snow is often
quite deep and more or less of a handicap, particu-
larly in getting out with your outfit.

  The best guide that I know of in that country is
Clarence Ryerson of Garainer. He has a good out-
fit of horses and an excellent camp outfit. He is an
old-timer at the game and has handled parties
through all of the country surrounding the park and
down into the Hole. He would be equally available
for the West Gallatin trip.

  The topographic situation on the Gallatin is en-
tirely different. There the higher summer elk range
lies within the park, and the natural drift in the fall
is down the country and out of the park. However,
all of the country between the Yellowstone River
and the West Gallatin River for a distance of ap-
proximately six miles north of and away from the
park is reserved from hunting and is the Gallatin
Game Preserve.

  Naturally the elk are well acquainted with the
preserve boundaries and hang up in there after
coming from the park. Every year elk are killed
in the country outside but near the preserve early
in the season, but it is usually late after the heavy
snows that the most elk are taken.

  However, the hunting season closes on the Galla-
tin side on November 30, whereas it remains open
in the country east from Garainer until mid Decem-
ber. There have been years when the elk drifted
out of the park in great numbers and were slaugh-
tered within sight of the town of Garainer, but I
judge that such hunting would not appeal to you.

  There are several dude ranches in that country.
Karst’s Ranch on the West Gallatin handles quite a
few people in individual tent-camps about fifteen
miles, as I now recall it, below the elk country, and
the Wilson Ranch somewhat similar, is located at
the boundary of the Game Preserve about five miles
from the park line.

  On the Garainer side of the mountains, James W.
Parker has a ranch well back on the slope above
Garainer and about five miles from it, from which
the Mamouth Hot Springs Terraces can be plainly
seen. He is just starting in at the game. Below
Garainer, about nine miles on Cedar Creek, J. N.
(Dick) Randall has a most attractive and, one might
say, luxurious log ranch-house built expressly for
handling summer guests. House is of twenty-two
rooms, equipped with electric lights and bathrooms
and billiard tables. His rates include saddle ponies
for use at all times without extra charge. His post-
office is Corwin, Montana. The address of the
West Gallatin ranches is Salesville, Montana.
Ask Adventure

  You mentioned bear hunting. Of course, you
probably know that the fall is not the best time to
hunt bruin. Either Randal or Ryerson are quite
successful along all lines of big game hunting. Per-
haps Randall knows the grizzly game better than
most, at least in the Hellroaring country; but it
would be hard to discount Ryerson at that. It de-
pends somewhat on how the spring opens up as to
the best time to start after grizzly. They den up
higher in the mountains and come out later than do
the blacks and browns. Unless conditions have
greatly changed within the last year, you can reason-
ably expect to kill a grizzly in the Hellroaring coun-
try and probably a black bear on a two week’s trip
in the spring. Suggest that you correspond with
Clarence Ryerson as to the best time for either a
spring or fall trip.

  You will have no difficulty in finding my place,
about twelve miles south of Middleboro, and I shall
be glad to see you at any time whenever you care to
rim down. In a personal talk I can give you a more
detailed line on that country. Here’s wishing you
the best of hunting.

 The Scourge of the Pacific

INFLUENZA, most dreaded of dis-
eases in Tahiti:

  Request:—“What is the present total population
of Tahiti and also how many whites and natives?

  What was the date of the influenza epidemic (in
Tahiti) and how many in Tahiti died of it?

  What are the requirements, if any, for gaining
admittance to Tahiti?

  Would also like to have some general information
on the following topics: Clothing, living conditions,
commerce.

  If these answers are printed would like to ask that
my name not be mentioned.”---

  Reply, by Mr. C. Brown, Jr.:—The present total
population of Tahiti is about 12,000. About three
per cent, of this population is white, while from
seven to ten per cent, are Chinese. The rest of the
population are natives of the Polynesian race.

  The influenza epidemic occurred in the latter part
of 1918, carrying away fully 4,000 Tahitians. Hec-
tor MacQuarrie, who was in Tahiti at this period,
describes the whole thing in his “Tahiti Days.”
And if you have access to numbers of Adventure as
far back as 1920, you will find in a September issue
one of my South Sea tales, “The Fourth Boy,”
which has to do, in part, with the terrible plague
that swept Tahiti and the adjacent islands. Since
that time the survivors have never really been the
same people. When the epidemic is mentioned, an
indescribable sadness comes over them.

  An American passport, viseed by a French consul,
and a certificate of vaccination are required of all
Tahiti visitors. Too, there is a tax of fifty francs,
which is paid immediately upon arrival.

  The very best of room and board can be ob-
tained in Papeete for $40.00 a month.

Houseboating On the Mississippi

FOUR THOUSAND miles to go, un-
less you get tangled up with the
ferry cables:

  Request:—“A friend and myself are going to spend
a few months on and about the Mississippi in a

power houseboat, and want some dope concerning
this method of travel.

  We have about two thousand dollars, but natu-
rally wish to get by as cheaply as possible consistent
with a reasonable amount of comfort. We are
going to start from some point in Minnesota or
Iowa, and have a rather vague idea of using tlie
Ford motor as a power plant in the boat; would this
be practical?

  What would be a rough estimate of the cost of a
good safe boat 30x10'.

  Is the White River navigable for a light draft
boat as far as Eureka Springs, Ark.? If not, how far?

  Is there any pearling at the present time along the
White River?

  I have been told there were very few fish caught
in the Mississippi. Is this true? How is fishing in
the smaller streams such as the St. Francis, White
and Arkansas Rivers?

  What is the attitude of the inhabitants along the
river toward shantyboaters? The general character
of the latter? We are strictly out for an interesting
trip and want to miss as few such places as possible,
so if you can suggest any side trips that are worth
while, do so by all means. We have lots of time, and
may stop occasionaly and work if anything shows
up.”—E. P. Moore, Los Angeles, Calif.

  Reply, by Mr. Spears:—I don’t think you would
need a 30xl0-foot boat. I’d suggest 24x7.5, with
30-inch hull, instead. The smaller boat handles
better, costs a lot less, and you don’t need power,
floating down stream. An eighteen-foot skiff with
an outboard, or small motor would handle the
shantyboat, if you worked up eddies. Sweeps—
oars—are a lot cheaper, and cut cost of boat a lot if
you build yourself, or hire built, especially.

  If I were you, I’d start on upper Missouri, at Ft.
Benton, or below, in a twenty-foot by seven-foot, or
even six-foot, with oars. And a fourteen-foot-long
cabin. Build hull of lH-inch clear lumber, well
caulked and framed. 28-30 inches deep, and cabin
floor on the bottom stringers. Plenty big enough.
An outboard motor would handle all way down.
Could run up tributaries. Starting in May—look
out for cables or ferries over the river—you’d have a
great trip, at little cost. Probably work on farms
along the bottoms in Dakotas, Nebraska, Iowa, etc.,
and earn cost of trip.

  Arrive in Lower Mississippi in October-November.
Get maps of Missouri and Mississippi from Missouri
River Commission, Kansas City, Mo. and Missis-
sippi River Commission, St. Louis, Mo. Missouri-
Mississippi would give you 4,000 miles down. It
would hold you a while!

  Cost of 20-foot shantyboat, probably $100 to
$150. Outfit—ropes, oil stove, and cots, blankets,
etc., whatever you are mind to buy.

  Plenty of fishing for table all way down—you’ll
have to learn how.

  “Cabin Boat Primer,” Published by A. R. Hard-
ing, Columbus, O., would give you all info’ you need.

  Don’t bother with a power plant in shantyboat.
Get an outboard for it.

  White River, St. Francis River, all fished out for
shells. Could work up them with outboard, if you
could get up shallow shoals.

  Carry a .25-35 carbine, a shotgun, a .22 rifle for
rabbits, etc. But some hunting forbidden.

  Lower Mississippi not very hospitable for shanty-
boaters. But you’d have a fine country—wild—
190

Adventure

down the Missouri, a long way. Lower river trap-
ping forbidden through a lot of the country.

  Fishing, commercial, is matter of local control.
Might strike good down Missouri. Ask along.

  Lots of fish in Mississippi—have to know how to
get ’em.

  If you don’t want an answer enough to
enclose FULL return postage to carry
it, you don’t want it.

     Motoring Across the Continent

     HERE’S some travel dope from one
of our new “A. A.” men. Mr. Fred W.
Egleston has taken the place of Mr. Ches-
ter Davis as expert for Montana and the
northern Rocky Mountains. We were darn
sorry to lose Mr. Davis, but he had to leave
the territory and he himself suggested his
successor.

  Request:—“A chum and I are going to make a trip
through the West this summer. I have had some
experience touring and camping. I built up an old
Ford to make several trips in the East. The terri-
tory we wish to invade is new to me so I am hoping
to hear from you in regard to the following questions:

  1.	What work can be secured along the way?

  2.	Can you furnish me with an idea of auto laws
I will encounter?

  3.	What equipment would you suggest?

  4.	Is a fishing license needed in the states you
cover?

  The above questions refer only to section you
cover as I have writen to men covering other sec-
tions. We will appreciate any additional informa-
tion you care to give us.”—Clark B. Johnston,
Ingram, Pa.

  Reply, by Mr. Egelston:—Taking up your ques-
tions in numerical order:

  1.	You should be able to pick up considerable
work along the way, although there is nothing doing
right at this time. Would suggest that you could
pick up quite a little money adjusting cars for other
tourists, if you are planning your trip during the
tourist season. Owing to present conditions it is
impossible to give you a more definite answer and
would advise that you write later in regard to this
matter.

  2.	The auto laws need not worry you as long as
your car is equipped with proper lights and brakes.
The legislature now in session is working on a new
set of laws so can not advise you as to definite
provisions.

  3.	This depends upon whether you expect to
camp or not. If so, a light tent, a couple of heavy
blankets each, woolen underwear, flannel shirts, light
woolen socks and riding breeches and boots or
puttees are advisable. As to cooking utensils, there
is an infinite variety available. Personally my
equipment would be a tarp or sleeping-bag, heavy
double blanket, army mess kit, cup and a cofiee pot
and water bucket. It would be advisable, however,
to carry a tent unless you could lie up in a town
during rain storms. You are not likely to encounter
the latter in this state in summer.

  4.	You must have fishing license in this state.

  You can get a tent which will cover your car and

leave room for sleeping as well. This is a good plan.
There are a lot of extras which may be had at the
tourist supply houses, and your own ideas and
pocketbook should guide you in their selection.
Personally would not load myself up with a lot of
unnecessary junk.

  An aluminum set of pails which nest and take up
very little room is a handy thing to have. You can
get a portable gasoline stove which converts the
gasoline into gas before burning. This would be
very nice in the eastern country where summer
storms are frequent but you need a camp-fire here
on summer nights. A portable grill about two or
three feet long to place over camp-fire is as good a
stove as you need for cooking. This resembles a
huge toaster with two legs at each end. These fold
when not in use and are to be pushed a short way
into the ground for cooking.

  It would be well to carry extra brake bands for
your car and don’t forget your chains.

  Hoping that the above will meet your require-
ments.

  “Ask Adventure” service costs you
nothing whatever but reply postage and
self-addressed envelop.

     Salmon-Fishing Off Vancouver

     RIGHT-royal sport:

  Request:—'“I am expecting to do a considerable
amount of fishing during the coming year around the
port of Vancouver, that is, in First Narrows and
English Bay. I have a good, strong rowboat and
would like to try for salmon, and any other fish that
may be had in this district. Kindly advise what
class of tackle is best for salmon trolling, weight of
sinker and general depth of line. What other fish is
to be found in this district and what depth?

  You would also greatly oblige me by giving the
name of a good, reliable fishing tackle co. so that
I may write for their catalog.

   In the past I have fished in the Prairie River and
do not know much of coast fishing.”—Edw. G.
Poole, Vancouver, B. C.

  Reply, by Mr. J. B. Thompson:—The salmon of
the coast waters do not respond well to an ordinary
fly, but they do to most spinners which are used with
stiff-action fly rods or, they respond to the short-
bait casting rod with a stiff action when trolled, as
at present practised.

  Not many years ago, while I was there, I used a
double-propeller-shaped spinner, called the tandem
spinereno, and one of the popular bass feather
minnows. To this I added a 5^-ounce sinker and
had some royal sport. This, without the sinker, on
a fly rod brought good results in streams with
salmon and also with steelheads and all the large
trout of the coast.

  Also while I was there many had great success
with the ordinary wooden plug used in casting for
bass. The groove-headed one with red head a*td
white body seemed by far to do the most business.
They trolled with them and many cast them with
very heavy salmon rods.

  As I continually receive catalogs from American
firms I am sending one in which you will find listed
the articles I mention.

  Here’s wishing you a successful fishing seaso*.
Lost Trails

191

The Santa Maria

“INSIDE” dope about Columbus’
flaghip:

  Request:—“What was the gross or net tonnage of
Columbus’ flagship? Can you give me a rough
description of the interior plan, the length and beam,
the draft and a description of the steering gear?

  What was an astrolabe?

  I don’t want to impose on your good nature too
much, but would also like similar information re-
garding a viking galley. I am interested in both
cases in the layout of cabin, crew space and galleys.

  If this letter is printed please do not use my
name—and many thanks to you for any data you
may send.”--

  Reply, by Mr. B. Brown:—The Santa Maria, the
largest of the three ships of Columbus, had a length
of keel of 60.68 feet; between perpendiculars 74.12
feet, over all, 93 feet; breadth 25.71 feet. She had
a displacement, laden, of 233 tons and the weight
of hull was 90.5 tons. The extensive forecastle over-

hung the stem nearly 12 feet. There was an enor-
mous structure aft, with half and quarter deck above
the main deck. There were three masts and a bow-
sprit, each carrying square sails, except the mizzen
which was lateen rigged.

  An astrolabe was of many different forms the
essential feature being a graduated circle. It was
the precursor of the quadrant and later the sextant.
In the Century encyclopedia dictionary there is a
picture of the astrolabe used by Drake.

  There was a viking ship unearthed in Denmark
about seventy-five years ago, probably a representa-
tive vessel of the class. Her sheer and her lines were
like those of a clipper ship, beautifully designed.
She was clinker built, with the planking secured to
the beams by cords or withes from the roots of
trees. She was calked with hair or moss. Beams
rested on top of the frames and carried the deck
planking. She was steered by a long oar, fixed in
place on the starboard side. Had two masts, with
square sail hoisted on the yard from the deck. She
was pierced for oars below the deck line. There is
no information available to me about the layout
of cabin, crew space and galleys.

LOST TRAILS

 Note—We offer this department of the "Camp-Fire" free of charge
 to those of our readers who wish to get in touch again with old friends

 or acquaintances from whom the years have separated them. For the
 benefit of the friend you seek, give your own name if possible. All
 inquiries along this line, unless containing contrary instructions, will
 be considered as intended for publication in full with inquirer’s name,
 in this department, at our discretion. We reserve the right in case
 inquirer refuses his name, to substitute any numbers or other names,
 to reject any item that seems to us unsuitable, and to use our dis-
 cretion in all matters pertaining to this department. Give also your
 own full address. We will, however, forward mail through this office,
 assuming no responsibility therefor. We have arranged with the
 Montreal Star to give additional publication in their “Missing Rela-
 tive Column," weekly and daily editions, to any of our inquiries for
 persons last heard of in Canada. Except in case of relatives, inquiries
 from one sex to the other are barred.

QEYERSDORFER, ALBERT G. (Sometimes called
D Joe Bush.) Left New Orleans 'during 1921 and was
last heard of working in the car shops in Bilboa, C. Z.
Was headed for the San Bias country to prospect for gold.
Any information will be appreciated.—Address L. B.
St an aland, 2334 Royal St., New Orleans, La.

/'■'AMPBELL, ROBERT. Bom in and raised near AUe-
gheny, Pa. Last heard from in Mexico about thirty
years ago. Height about six feet, weight about 200 lbs.,
dark hair and eyes, dark moustache. Any information will
be appreciated by his daughter-in-law.—Address Mrs.

D.	F. Campbell, R. D. S7, Sharon, Pa.

DRENDLE, JOHN. Lumber man of Twin, Washing-
■*-> ton. Had friends in Everett and Seattle, Wash. Any
information will be appreciated by his niece.—Address
Mrs. Anne Evans, 4062 Sheridam Road, Chicago, 111.

YY7ALKER, RED. Formerly of 19 Boston Ave., Toronto,
” Can. Please write to Bert, same address.

p IBBS, EVERETT. Bom in Hendricks County. In-
'-■* diana. Age S3 years, dark hair and eyes. Any infor-
mation will be appreciated.—Address L. J. King, 1607H
Bellefontaine St., Indianapolis, Ind.

IWJcCALMONT, MARGARET. Was married in 1917.

   Had one daughter. Lived in Hochelaga, Montreal,
when last heard of. Any information will be appreciated
by her old friend.—Address Mamie Donnelly, care of
Adventure.

VV/ILLIAMS, THOMAS R. Formerly 8th Service Co.
” Signal Corps. Write your old pal George. Still
at Independence.

r\ALEY, JOHN F. Resident of Baltimore, Md. Was
first assistant engineer on the S. S. Cranenest in 1919.
This ship was operated by the United Fruit Co., of New
Orleans, La. Any information will be appreciated.—
Address Harry F. Callahan, 814 Lawrence Ave., Chicago,
111.

'"THOMPSON, W. T. Resident of Baltimore, Md.

1 Chief engineer on S. S. Cranenest in 1919. This ship
was operated by the United Fruit Co., of New Orleans, La.
Any information will be appreciated.—Address Harry

F.	Callahan, 814 Lawrence Ave., Chicago, 111.

  Please notify us at once when you have found
your man.

DADGETT, JENNINGS A. Please write to your old

*	buddy of the Philippines.—Address C. H. Paxton,
4457 Oakenwald Ave., Chicago, 111.

DHODES, C. D. Am M. E. on local paper. Also own
136 acres with Happy Hollow Inn on sleepy old Alabama
river. Studio upstairs, 32 by 40, with skylight. Old
friend, it was built for you. The door is kept locked,
waiting. We're getting^jld and gray. Bring M. and come
live with me. It's all halvers, old friend, all halvers.
Will send you money if the world hasn't treated you right.
Poor T. is dead.—Address Tank, Selma, Alabama.
192

Adventure

TO. Please write to me.—Address P. 0. care.of
• National Grocery Co., Glassport, Pa.

DALDRIDGE, CAPT. Was medical officer for the 15th
*-* U. S. Infantry, Tientsin, China in 1919. Any informa-
tion will be appreciated.—Address Thomas W. Slater,
2709 Elm St., Dallas, Texas.

rvUFFIELD, HARRY. Served in the Navy during the
war. Was at one time on the U. S. S. Minnesota.
Any information will be appreciated by his sister.—Address
Mrs. W. C. Way, 1603 N. 23rd St., Lincoln, Nebraska.

fARTER, HENRY B. Left his home in Camanche,
Iowa, May 28th 1895. Brown hair and eyes, height s
feet 6 inches, age 52 years. Any information will be ap-
preciated by his wife.—Address Mary T. Carter, Box 158,
Camanche, Iowa.

LJAAS, H. Please come home or write me. Baby is
very sick.—Address Mrs. G. Haas, 4024 Grand Ave.,
Milwaukee, Wis.

P’RANCE, JAMES. Come home. Everything is
^ settled.—Address Hobart F.

CTAFFORD, J. .Staff rSgt. Please fwrite. Have some-
thing of interest to tell you.—Address Sgt. Franklyn,
nth Ordnance Co., Schofield Barracks, Honolulu.

’T’ARBELL, ELLIOTT. Formerly of Spokane, Wash.

*	Last heard of in Oakland, Calif. Any information will be
appreciated.—Address Anders Tveitmoe, Lake Mills,
Iowa.

THE following have been Inquired for In either
the May 20 or June 10, 1925, Issues of Adven-
ture. They can get the name and address of the
Inquirer from this magazine.

A BBOTT, W. B.; Baldwin, Harry; Bell, Harry; Blystone,

   Vernon; Boston, Charles C.; Bowden, Laurence
Warren; Bowers, Sarah; Brown, Lennox Denham; Carkeek,
Charles; Daughtery; John; Douglas, William-Flack, Isaac
M.; Frake, William; Giffs, Everett; Isaac, Maurice; La-
Chapelle, Ensebe; McLoughlin, Peter; McTumal, James;
Moore, George W.; Nolan, Paul F.; Ranee, Andrew;
Renard, Claud and Irven; Settle, Samuel- Smith, Robert
and Samuel Bums; Steen, Lew (or Stein) jTallman, George;
Theal, Arthur; Trostler, Joseph S.; Tucker, Lorenzo;
Wilson, Oliver; Worthington, Pvt. Albert Edward.

   MISCELLANEOUS—“Batesy” or "Dectsy”; C. F. E.;
Michell; Red Potter, Tommy Warson, Robert Burton or
any of the old crowd from the Glen or Palisade Ave.; Stin-
son; Would like to hear from any of my pals in Pittsburgh,
Pa. (north side); Ex-marines of 7th Co.; Munroe; W. C. N.;
W. Charles.

UNCLAIMED MAIL

BEST, A; Bickley, Robert G; Carleton, Harry; Cates
Richard A; Daniels, H. M: Finn, J. A.; Green, E. H.;
Henderson, Cecil B.; Henson, Miss Josephine; Kelly, Ray;
King, Bruce; Ledvine, Charles, D.; Lymbume, F. C.: Maier,
Fred; Miller, Ernest; Nunes, Roland; Nutt, W. D.; Pavelka,
Joseph; Schored, H. A.; Robertson, Wm. E.; Smith, F. R.;
^Spurgis, George; Tindall, Harold; Wilkins, Lee; Univin,
W. P.; Verin, Oscar; Young, N. C.

                                >

THE TRAIL AHEAD

JULY IOTH ISSUE

Besides the new serial and the three complete novelettes

mentioned on the second contents page of this issue, the next
Adventure will bring you the following stories:

THE GUARDSMAN

A British soldier in the wild, wild woods.

PARDS Conclusion

The Utes have no sympathy for gold-seekers.

CAPN NOAH TAKES COMMAND

Animal life on the rolling wave.

WHAT THEY ATE An Article

No gluttony on the high seas.

GOOD PAY

       The desert has its own laws.

 L. Paul
 Hugh Pendexter
 Fairfax Downey
 Bill Adams
 Royce Brier

N

 /—7	_

STILL	The three issues following the next will contain long stories by Gordon Young,

FARTHER	John Webb, W. Townend, H. Bedford-Jones, Georges Surdez, Thomson Burtis,

C AH FAT) 7 Everett Saunders, George E. Holt and J. Allan Dunn; and short stories by F. St. Mars,

_j j --ZZJ Percy Charles Chandler, Rolf Bennett, S. B. H. Hurst, Nevil Henshaw, Alan LeMay,

Fred F. Fleischer, Alanson Skinner, Captain Mansfield, Ralph R. Perry, Michael J. Phillips, Chester T.
Crowell and others; stories of gold hunters in California, revolutionists in Haiti, explorers in Borneo, French
troopers in Africa, aviators in the oil fields, cowboys on the Western ranges, desert riders in Morocco.
 NO CROSS WORDS

or shaving puzzles

  He uses Razorinel

Happy is the man who has learned about Razorine.

It means the end of dull, “pulling” razors; the death of
slow, torturous shaves. For Razorine will quickly
make the dullest razor keen.

Simply rub Razorine over your strop and strop razor in
the usual way. A few strokes is all it takes to bring back
the sharpest edge and make your razor velvety smooth.

Razorine sharpens safety razor blades, too. Just rub it
on the rollers of the stropping machine and crank away!

One cake of Razorine will last two years. It will not
injure strop or blade in any way.

Ask your druggist for Razorine today. Or send 25c
for full-sized cake postpaid.

MARDAN CORPORATION

40 West 13th Street

New York City
Such popularity mu ft be deserved

 Whoever wins the championship this year
 he will have won it exactly as Chesterfield
 has won its enormous popularityby
 clear proof of superiority over all comers.