116 WEIRD TALES cannot distinguish. They move slowly through angles. They have no bodies, and they move slowly through out- rageous angles." It was then that I became aware of the odor in the room. It was a pungent, in- describable odor, so nauseous that I could scarcely endure it. I stepped quick- ly to the window and threw it open. When I returned to Chalmers and looked into his eyes I nearly fainted. "I think they have scented me!" he shrieked. "They are slowly turning to- ward me." He was trembling horribly. For a mo- ment he clawed at the air with his hands. Then his legs gave way beneath him and he fell forward on his face, slobbering and moaning. I watched him in silence as he dragged himself across the floor. He was no longer a man. His teeth were bared and saliva dripped from the comers of his mouth. "Chalmers," I cried. "Chalmers, stop it! Stop it, do you hear?" As if in reply to my appeal he com- menced to utter hoarse convulsive sounds which resembled nothing so much as the barking of a dog, and began a sort of hideous writhing in a circle about the room. I bent and seized him by the shoulders. Violently, desperately, I shook him. He turned his head and snapped at my wrist. I was sick with horror, but I dared not release him for fear that he would destroy himself in a paroxysm of rage. "Chalmers," I muttered, "you must stop that. There is nothing in this room that can harm you. Do you understand?" I continued to shake and admonish him, and gradually the madness died out of his face. Shivering convulsively, he crumpled into a grotesque heap on the Chinese rug. I CARRIED him to the sofa and depos- ited him upon it. His features were twisted in pain, and I knew that he was still struggling dumbly to escape from abominable memories. "Whisky," he muttered. "You'll find a flask in the cabinet by the window-- upper left-hand drawer." When I handed him the flask his fin- gers tightened about it until the knuckles showed blue. "They nearly got me," he gasped. He drained the stimulant in im- moderate gulps, and gradually the color crept back into his face. "That drug was the very devil!" I murmured. "It wasn't the drug," he moaned. His eyes no longer glared insanely, but he still wore the look of a lost soul. "They scented me in time," he moaned. "I went too far." "What were they like?" I said, to humor him. He leaned forward and gripped my arm. He was shivering horribly. "No words in our language can describe them!" He spoke in a hoarse whisper. "They are symbolized vaguely in the myth of the Fall, and in an obscene form which is occasionally found engraved on ancient tablets. The Greeks had a name for them, which veiled their essential foulness. The tree, the snake and the apple---these are the vague symbols of a most awful mystery. His voice had risen to a scream. "Frank, Frank, a terrible and unspeak- able deed was done in the beginning. Before time, the deed, and from the deed--" He had risen and was hysterically pacing the room. "The seeds of the deed move through angles in dim recesses of time. They are hungry and athirst!" "Chalmers," I pleaded to quiet him. "We are living in the third decade of the Twentieth Century."