126 WEIRD TALES lutely free copies to the first one thousand readers of WEIRD TALES who write and ask for them. Our magazine will be a printed affair with twenty-four pages including a cover with a real weird illustration. All re- quests for these free copies must be mailed to 4522 15th St., N. W., Washington, D. C." The Little Eaglets Gertrude Hemken, of Chicago, writes: "Shux now--I just been a-wonderin' if you couldn't be the eagle and we readers all the funny li'l eaglets--this department being the Eyrie. This sudden brain wave just occur- red to me. . . . Duar the Accursed--Do I detect a slight resemblance to Conan the Barbarian? Mr. Ball is agonna be a pal of mine if he keeps up that type of tale. Aw gorsh--I was figgerin' on the Monster being real and not a nit-wit butcher in The Mark of the Monster. It was exciting up to the unmasking of the Devil-spawned twin brother. . . . (Personal to Editor:--Why don't authors use ordinary names for a change--I'm tired of reading odd names and suddenly realizing I've been reading them wrong. In this issue I find Valyne, Leocadie, Lavinia--ugh! I don't mind odd names when used in odd tales of old for- gotten ages--or of lives on spheres beyond our ken. Course, I'm not expecting anyone to do anything about it, but I like to get it off my chest.) I have not been disappointed in Hazel Heald's story of The Horror in the Burying-Ground. The lady knows how to keep one's interest brimming. Her method of relating the circumstances as told by the general store council has a touch of humor. Any hard-fisted citizen would condemn them for a bunch of crackpots. As for me--I'd listen, git werry uncomfy and when the tale is done, run like heck for home. . . . How strange--how utterly stupefying this Val- lisneria Madness! It was beautiful--one of those times when words fail me again. I only can say, 'Thank you, Mr. Farley.'" The Strange High House H, W. Morlan, of Fort Knox, Tennessee, writes: "Those two comment-provokers, The Last Archer and Guardian of the Book, are indeed different. To me, they are a wel- come reversion to the type of story seen in earlier years. The weird motif is stressed and carried out to a thought-provoking cli- max. Common adventure stories have no place in our magazine. I join Mr. Bloch in calling for more reprints by H. P. Lovecraft. Those stories are jeweled bits of artistry and I would particularly like to request The Strange High House in the Mist. My files fail to show the copy containing the origi- nal." The Past Six Months Charles H. Bert, of Philadelphia, writes: "I would like to speak of the stories that impressed me most favorably during the last six months, and a few things in general. I was indeed surprized to find in the May WEIRD TALES that The Dark Star by G. G. Pendarves didn't receive first place in the March number. It was a remarkable yarn. The translation of the hero into the picture, and his struggles with the evil entity and his subsequent escape, was really weird and shivery. This is the kind of story I always look for, something new and different! Equally as good but in another way, was The Last Archer, by Earl Peirce, Jr. Nothing new about a curse haunting the descendants of a family for generations and killing them off; your authors have used plots like this many times. But The Last Archer was a story in which the curse harmed no one but the one whom it was pronounced against; and it hounded Farquhar through the cen- yuries in his search of 'the greatest archer,' until he finally killed himself on an island! The curse did not kill anyone except Far- uhar, and that was a unique ending for a fine tale. . . . Symphony of the Damned by John Speer is a yarn I will long remember. It is worthy to stand in the company of Satan's Fiddle, published a decade ago. Speer's story was Faustian in character, a man sells his soul to the devil for power and fame. The best story in recent months was The Globe of Memories by Seabury Quinn. Lady Fulvia was so real and likable a char- acter, that owe cannot help sympathizing and loving her, and pitying the fate that over- took her. Quinn's story was one of the best reincarnation stories I have ever read in your fine magazine. I am certainly glad that The Globe of Memories did not end in tragedy as most of your stories do. When I first read the yarn, so powerfully was I affectd by it, that within a few days I read it again! That story is not easily forgotten. . . . An- other story I enjoyed was The Poppy Pearl