112 WEIRD TALES been studying the mathematical formulæ of a celebrated contemporary physicist, and that he had covered many sheets of thin yellow paper with curious geometric designs. "Einstein and John Dee are strange bedfellows," I said as my gaze wandered from his mathematical charts to the sixty or seventy quaint books that comprised his strange little library. Plotinus and Emanuel Moscopulus, St. Thomas Aqui- nas and Frenicle de Bessy stood elbow to elbow in the somber ebony bookcase, and chairs, table and desk were littered with pamphlets about mediaeval sorcery and witchcraft and black magic, and all of the valiant glamorous things that the modern world has repudiated. Chalmers smiled engagingly, and passed me a Russian cigarette on a curi- ously carved tray. "We are just discover- ing now," he said, "that the old alchem- ists and sorcerers were two-thirds right, and that your modern biologist and ma- terialist is nine-tenths wrong." "You have always scoffed at modern science," I said, a little impatiently. "Only at scientific dogmatism," he re- plied. "I have always been a rebel, a champion of originality and lost causes; that is why I have chosen to repudiate the conclusions of contemporary biolo- gists." "And Einstein?" I asked. "A priest of transcendental mathemat- ics!" he murmured reverently. "A pro- found mystic and explorer of the great suspected "Then you do not entirely despise science. "Of course not," he affirmed. "I mere- ly distrust the scientific positivism of the past fifty years, the positivism of Haeckel and Darwin and of Mr. Bertrand Russell. I believe that biology has failed pitifully to explain the mystery of man's origin and destiny." "Give them time," I retorted. Chalmers' eyes glowed. "My friend," he murmured, "your pun is sublime. Give them time. That is precisely what I would do. But your modern biologist scoffs at time. He has the key but he re- fuses to use it. What do we know of time, really? Einstein believes that it is rela- tive, that it can be interpreted in terms of space, of curved space. But must we stop there? When mathematics fails us can we not advance by--insight?" "You are treading on dangerous ground," I replied. "That is a pitfall that your true investigator avoids. That is why modern science has advanced so slowly. It accepts nothing that it cannot demonstrate. But you--" "I would take hashish, opium, all man- ner of drugs. I would emulate the sages of the East. And then perhaps I would apprehend--" "What?" "The fourth dimension." "Theosophical rubbish!" "Perhaps. But I believe that drugs ex- pand human consciousness. William James agreed with me. And I have dis- covered a new one." "A new drug?" "It was used centuries ago by Chinese alchemists, but it is virtually unknown in the West. Its occult properties are amaz- ing. With its aid and the aid of my mathematical knowledge I believe that I can go back through time." "I do not understand." "Time is merely our imperfect percep- tion of a new dimension of space. Time and motion are both illusions. Everything that has existed from the beginning of the world exists now. Events that oc- curred centuries ago on this planet con- tinue to exist in another dimension of space. Events that will occur centuries from now exist already. We cannot per- ceive their existence because we cannot W. T.--7