THE LAST PHARAOH 77 "And best, perhaps, when not thought of. No," she continued as I would have remonstrated; "for the present you must be satisfied with what I have told you." Her firm voice told the folly of insist- ence. "The knowledge of my companions' safety is a pleasant one, and I thank you, Princess, for that consolation. As to the other--I await its answer with patience," and I smiled at my lovely visitor. "It is well. You will know all in good time, I promise. But come, tell me of yourself, of your country--that great land I have so yearned to see." There was a world of longing in her words, and the dark eyes looked search- ingly at me, as though to find in my fea- tures the answer to her curiosity. "I am afraid you would find it very disappointing. It is only its distance that lends enchantment. Black smoke, deaf- ening noises and grimy high buildings would scarce make a pleasant change from the blue skies and peaceful quiet of your own lovely land." The daughter of the ages shook her head in a cheerful negative. "No, I would love it. The new lands, especially America, have fascinated me. I thrill at the stories of its cool, high moun- tains, its great cities and eager, reckless people. I have dreamed through the years of its gilded halls of pleasure, the ex- clusive clubs and racing autos, gigantic liners entering its harbors of a million lights. Tell me of these many wonders." "Of course, if you wish it; yet it seems rather needless. So accurate is your de- scription, it would appear as though you yourself had been there." "Ah, those are only memories of what I have heard. No, I have not yet traveled to the new world, though the day is not distant when that dream will be realized." And so for a long hour I told the Egyptian Princess of the new lands that lived and loved beyond the hot desert; of their struggles for supremacy, the many marvelous inventions of the recent years, as well as a brief outline of the leading figures that governed and worried a harassed people. During my lengthy description Atma had stared at me in wide-eyed fascination. Plainly her heart had deserted the land of the pyramids. "Oh, it is just as I knew it would be!" she exclaimed when I had ended. "Ex- actly like the countless books I have read and memorized through the waiting years." "You read English as well as speak it?" "I read and speak all languages. I learned them to help pass the dreary cen- turies. Alone, of all humans, I can de- cipher the two existing scrolls of the Uzusiki, the original picture language of the first yellow men who came from the moon, eight thousand years ago." I MUST have looked the surprize I felt. "Then it is true! It is really true-- that wild unbelievable tale that was told to us in the throneroom!" "The Prince of Egypt has not lied." "But it's--it's unthinkable! You are so young--so very young; and yet it is said you have known the Pharaohs." Again that bewitching smile. "I have seen many of the famous peo- ple of history," she admitted. "Thothmes III, my own illustrious mother, as well as the wise historian priest, Manetho. The great Alexander has kissed my lips as he pledged his undying vows of love. No Arab ever thirsted for the sweet wells as I yearned for my release and the strong arms of Hannibal. Balkis too--" "Balkis?" "The Queen of Sheba," explained Atma. "Some five hundred years after our horrible imprisonment, whispers of Karamour's great knowledge and won-