22 The Charlatan    in the Tudbury mills, a thrifty immigrant from one of those far lands beyond the central empires of Europe. In the thirty years of his residence in America, he had managed to save from his wages enough money to pay for the little home in which he and his family lived. Of seven children, Anna was the youngest. All the rest were married, and Radizlov Polenka had already been presented with several grandchildren. Anna helped her mother about the house, and worked as stenographer in the office of Mr. Gil- christ, manager of the Tudbury mills.  The girl was beautiful--dark, with large, round eyes in which seemed at times to dwell the mysteries of an un- plumbed soul. Her hair, black and shin- ing, she had tortured into the latest fashionable wave. Her lips, a carnation red, smiled to show an amazingly white set of absolutely perfect teeth. She pos- sessed rich coloring, an almost olive dark- ness of skin, as clear and smooth as satin, with warm tints of pink. Her figure, not yet fully formed, was roundly slen- der, graceful as waving grass, firm as a young sapling of beech.  This vividness of color, the red and olive tints, the black and glossy hair, were not racial; for many of her father's nationality were blond. Like the occa- sional American-bred girl of the dark type, the Slav girl was a throwback to some remote ancestral tribe, a drop of whose swarthy blood had lived down through the generations, at last to burgeon forth in her warm cheek.  Anna was, however, as much an Amer- ican as the other children with whom she had grown up in that small manu- facturing town. Her habits, her speech, her mode of thought had been molded by environment. She knew but few phrases of the native tongue of her parents, and used them seldom. In the public schools she associated with girls and boys whose parents were of all the races that go to make up our polyracial nationality.     The Polenka home was small, common- place, and comfortable; a cheap two- story house, not very well built, but quite like the other houses in the same neigh- borhood. It had been last painted white, with trimmings of giddy yellow, which time had mercifully subdued. The nar- row front piazza sagged somewhat, its supporting posts settling deeper and deep- er into the ground as years went by. At the back, Polenka had a small garden plot, in which he annually raised a variety of kitchen vegetables and a few flowers. Behind some lengths of drooping wire netting, a dozen hens lived their uninter- esting, if useful, lives.  The interior aspect of this dwelling was consistent with its exterior. The furniture was cheap, much worn, unin- spiring. The carpets were faded with age and lacked nap in many spots. On the walls hung pictures lithographed in contrasting colors, framed in oak, some- times dingily ornamented with silver- gilt. At the windows were coarse lace curtains, quite clean and in fair repair. The air of the house was usually per- meated with some odor of homely cook- ing. On Mondays the smell of soapsuds filled the rooms; on Friday the aroma of fried fish impinged upon one's nos- trils.  Not so long ago this house had been full of children; but since the last of Anna's unmarried sisters had been taken to wife by Jim Broom, who kept the meat market half a block up the street, only Polenka, his wife, and Anna re- mained.  "It ain't bad--" Polenka said, remov- ing his heavy boots and curling his tired toes by the kitchen fire--"it ain't bad to have a little peace and quietness, eh?"  "Not so much work," agreed his wife, "but God knows it's lonesome. Often I wish some of 'em was back."  "We gave them a good home long as they stayed with us," said Polenka com- placently. This was true. There had never been a day, even when his family