12 Her Groove   She nodded acquiescence at that.  "Mr. Smith says six, on account of the shade trees an' garden. I've told him to go ahead and rent, for, as I said to John, I'm thinkin' of bein' gone some time. I know there's a groove for me somewhere, an' I'm goin' to find it."  "And your brother has a right to know where you are going." The Family Friend was suddenly dragged back to the consideration of the enormity of Miss Peck's avowed intentions. "You, an un- married woman!"  The ghost of a smile trembled on the virgin lips.  "I'm goin' to fine a friend--a woman friend--an' Mr. Smith is my lawyer, an' if John wants to find out about my health or--or happiness, or anythin' brotherly like that, why, Elisha will be in touch with me 'count of my rents an' such." The bitterness and irony deepened in her voice. "I'm leavin' to night on the eight- thirty, an' thank you for yer visit. Good-by."  She rose, and perforce, he rose also.  "It shall not be said that I allowed you to stray unwarned!" he rumbled.  She glanced at him--was it coquet- tishly? Mr. Paul could hardly believe his eyes.  "Why, if you're thinkin' of comin' over to Providence with me, it wud look better to take the mornin' train."  "What!" exclaimed the outraged shep- herd.  "Well, I don't know what's to hinder." She appeared to consider the situation judicially. "I'm some over twenty-one, and I can pay my own way. An' if John wants a guardeen appointed for me, all I says is, ‘Let him try.' You forget, an' John forgets, that I've been put upon an' kept down in somebody else's groove, an' shoved about all my life, an' now I'm just bulgin'. So, if you care to set in the parlor, why, you're welcome to set, but you'll have to excuse me, for I'm goin' to my own room to finish my packin'." A faint flush had mantled her pale cheeks;     her faded eyes snapped unwonted fire.  Mr. Paul looked helplessly at the hall- way and the shining newel post. It was obviously impossible for him to pursue this recalcitrant maiden to her bedroom, yet to permit such a dismissal was to ac- cept humiliation.  "I hope--I pray," he groaned, "that you will not live to look back upon this hour as the dark turning-point of your life! I have warned you."  "Tell Martha"--Miss Peck's voice readied him from the upper landing-- "that she needn't worry about Thomas. I've bought a cat basket, an' I'm taking him with me."  The hall door slammed.  Miss Elizabeth laughed out loud. The sound shocked her. Instinctively she shot a glance at the doors down the hall --the doors that for so many weary years had opened and closed to the tyrannical orders of the two warped and vampirish women who had drained her youth and sapped her life. The silence was reassur- ance. She was free, with no regrets and no self-reproaches--free!--to indulge herself, to be herself. A neat new suit- case lay on the bed; over the walnut footboard spread her best blue foulard and her black straw hat with the butter- cup clusters, that had been universally criticized as "unsuitable"--even before custom had demanded respectful black. She hated black. It might be a sin, but crape she abominated. She was deter- mined not to put on mourning. The town could call shame to her; she would be too far to hear. Sire meant to wear gay colors and frequent cheerful places. The word "appropriate" should no longer exist in her bright lexicon. Before the mirror she fluffed her faded hair, loosen- ing it from its prim coil.  She would wear silk underwear, she decided. She had seen it advertised, and she loved the caressing touch of silk. She meant, in her orgy of extravagance, to put herself quite beyond the pale of propriety. Wholesale, sinful waste it