Henry Payson Dowst 41    there was a quality in her voice that pleased him strangely. It was to him like some long forgotten time of his boy- hood, coming to life in his conscious- ness. She was apparently studying his hand through the folds of her veil.  "Too bad," he blurted, "when you let a lady read your palm, if you aren't al- lowed to see her face."  "For the present I don't wish you to see me too plainly," said Anna. "It might interfere with the psychic vibrations."  Could it be that Strickland sensed a note of mirth in that voice?  "Well," he demanded, "what you find- ing out about me?"  "Many things. You have been suc- cessful. You have to do with iron, stone, things that are hard and swift and power- ful. Machinery of some kind--no, there are shining bands of steel, two of them, lying- parallel--rails!"  "You mean yon see those things in my hand?"  "No; I'm not looking at your palm. My eyes are closed. And I'm dreaming --dreaming of a little mill town a thou- sand miles away, and a small house on a humble sort of street, a house with a nar- row piazza and vines."  "What--what are you talking about?" The man's voice was low and tense.  "About you, and--a girl--a girl with black hair and dark eyes and an odd, foreign-sounding name -- Pol, Pol -- Polen--Polenta--Polenka!"  "My God!"  "You loved her. didn't you? And she treated you badly?"  "Loved her? I worshiped her. I did then, and I do now. I've never let it die. I've never seen a girl or woman since that I'd cross the street for. I'm that way--stick to things, once my mind's made up. Go on; what's the rest of it? I was going to ask you about what I should do to raise money for my rail- road, but--"  "I was coming to that." said Anna. She picked up her opaline globe.     Strickland leaned forward.  "No, no," she said. "Don't you look. Close your eyes--close them tight"  She stripped off her veil and plunged her eager gaze into the swirl of weaving fluid. And there she saw many things --queer shapes, faces, odd characters as mystic as the hieroglyphs of Rameses. But they were as dear as the words in a child's primer.  Not for a long time had such revela- tions come to Anna Polenka. She had even imagined herself to be losing that psychic insight for which she had of late so often substituted the ordinary shrewd logic of a sagacious mind. Those visions seen by her consultants, conjured up by their own emotions, spurred by a little of Anna's hypnotic will power--they were as nothing to this. She breathed quickly, her heart beating faster and faster.  "Don't look," she said. "Don't open your eyes. Listen. I may forget much of this. You are in an atmosphere of bad influences. You are in danger of great losses. You musn't trust any of the people who want to associate with you, here in New York. You are in need of an enormous sum of money, but if you secure it here, you will pay too dearly. Go back where you came from--back into the West, where people know and understand and sympathize with your ambitions. There are many, many more things that I could tell you. but I--I'd rather not--to-day. Perhaps I can never tell you. But please be guided by what I have said."  She looked up now. her eyes dazed, like those of one who issues from dark- ness into a strong light.  "What was I saying?" she asked vaguely. "Did I tell you what you wished--"  "Anna!" cried the man. "Anna Po- lenka!"  She had forgotten to replace her veil.  "Joe," she said softly. "Joe Strick- land, isn't it? I knew it must be. Now