Cyrus Townsend Brady 127   it only needed. such a beginning to make him wary. And farther, to dis- guise that wariness with an appearance of open reciprocity that promised much. He began to study Longfield, finding him not quite so admirable. =Why, he could not say. There was nothing on which he could put his finger except that sud- den out break of passion, which, to Long- feild's credit, had been so entirely and promptly controlled.  There was, Keene noted, a peculiar nicety of pronunciation of certain words, an elaboration of lip movement, which reminded him of something or some- body; what or whom he could not de- cide. So he watched, and although he found out nothing, his suspicions grew. Longfield, from Keene's point of view, would bear watching, must be watched. On Keene's motion they became more friendly than ever. That was a great satisfaction, indeed, to Longfield. He sent not only a cablegram across the Pacific, but many wires to his superiors on the eastern seaboard, promising suc- cess if he were given time and a free hand.  His love affairs prospered extremely. Barbara LeMoyne had all but consented. It was foolish for a man engaged in his engrossing and very risky pursuit to en- cumber himself with a woman, and love affairs had been tabooed when he re- ceived his appointment, but he was hu- man. She appealed to him as no other woman ever had or could. He took the bit in his teeth at last and offered himself to her. A decision thus forced upon her. she found herself strangely reluctant to make it. Why, she could not tell.  At any rate, she asked for time. She told him that she was giving a dinner to a number ot her friends and at that din- ner she would announce the engagement if she desired or decided to enter into it. With that he had to be content.  It was a large dinner party, and he asked her if he might bring to it a friend. a new acquaintance, indeed, but the most     congenial man be had met in San Fran- cisco.  "Indeed," he said, "if your decision is as I hope and pray it may be, you will see a great deal more of him. I shall re- quire his assistance, perhaps, in case--"  "Bring him by all means," she an- swered quickly, cutting off this approach to claiming her, "and remember that you are to say nothing till I give the word. The announcement, if any, must come from me!"  "I hear and obey." Perhaps it was the old world flavor of these words which made it not inappropriate for him to kiss her hand in an old world way, as he left her.  The fact of the matter was that Long- field was unease when Keene was out of his sight. And Keene felt something the same way.  "You win come, will you not, my friend?" Longfield concluded in a way that Keene felt was odd. Where had he seen those curious lip motions?  "The fact is," continued Longfield smoothly, "I rather expect that Miss Le- Moyne, who gives the dinner, will have an important announcement to make con- cerning herself and me that evening."  His words and manner left no doubt as to the character of the expected an- nouncement. Keene hastened to con- gratulate him, remarking in conclusion:  "But I am not even acquainted with the young lady. Her friends--"  "But you are my friend, is it not so? And I very much wish it."  Keene consented. He thought he would like to observe Longfield in so- ciety, and in the presence of the loved woman. It would give him a new view, and in a multiplicity of views, like coun- selors, was wisdom.  Afterward he would dismiss Longfield from consideration, for he was going north by rail and scour the coast on horseback. He had gotten the latitude and longitude of the point at which he had been picked up by the Cambodia. He