Holly Edwards 61   to be of some active help--to do some good in the world.  Bob You have. You've done me a lot of good already. How did you happen to come here?  Violet They directed me here from the sta- tion.  Bob Well, they sure sent you to the right place.  Violet Yes, of course they did. Everyone seemed to know Mr. Jones. (Shyly.) But, dear--when is the ceremony to be? Have you arranged everything?   Bob (surprised) Ceremony? What ceremony?  Violet (with pretty embarrassment) I mean--our wedding ceremony.  Bob Great Scott, but you do go some, girlie! (Looks down at her uncertainly, then suddenly makes up his mind.) But I believe I like it! I'm game if you are!  Violet Game? What game?  Bob The matrimonial game. Well talk it over and decide just what we want to do, then I'll send Wong for the Rever- end Algernon, and he--  Violet (interrupting) The Reverend Algernon? Algernon what?  Bob Jones, The Reverend Algernon Jones, bless his heart! Shall we--  Violet Why, his name is the same as yours!   Bob (scornfully) What? Do I look as though my name were Algernon?   Violet (in distress) But why--why--you're my Algy, aren't you?  Bob I'm yours, all right, but Algy--my dear girl--     Violet (jumping- up and backing away from him in dismay) Aren't you the Reverend Algernon Jones?  Bob Nit, not, no. In other words, nothing doing! I'm General Bob Jones, Com- mander-in-Chief of the Chinese forces stationed in the city. And I--  Violet Oh! (Her voice rises hysterically.) Oh, you horrid, hateful man! You've deceived me! You--  Bob (interrupting vehemently) I did nothing of the sort! You came here and kissed me and told me you were going to marry me. I didn't deceive you at all. What did you come here for if you didn't like me?  Violet I--I came out here to marry Algy. I --he--   Bob (interrupting again) What made you say you were going to marry me, then?  Violet I--I didn't!  Bob (firmly) You did. And you asked me when, too.  Violet But--but I thought you were Algy.   Bob Thought I was Algy! Don't you know him when you see him?  Violet  No. I haven't seen him since I was a little girl. We've just written to each other.  Bob You mean he proposed to you--made love to you in letters? Is that it?  Violet Yes.  Bob (disgustedly) If that isn't just like Algy! Well, be- lieve me, little girl, I've got the corres- pondence-school method beat by a city block. (Starts toward her.) Just let me show you--