The Charlatan  A NOVELETTE  By Henry Payson Dowst    I  "OF course kickin' doesn't get me anything," said Strickland bit- terly, "but I can't help telling you it's the mistake of your life."  He leaned forward and caught at a hand which the girl snatched away hast- ily.  "No," said Anna Polenka softly. "No, it doesn't help you a bit with me to knock Steve. You ought to be a better loser, Joe."  The porch was narrow and rather close to the street, but screened by a mass of some thickly-leaved, heavy-growing vine that spread fanwise from post to post. The air of the summer night was hot and leaden. Anna could hear the thready notes of a cheap phonograph down the street, grinding ragtime from a defective record.  "I suppose so," agreed Joe. "Still, I hate to see you throw yourself away on a fellow that--that--"  "You better be careful," warned Anna. "Where did you get your license to pan Steve Rivers? He's got five hundred dollars saved up in the bank. That's more than you can say. And he has a good job too."  "Listen, Anna," Joe said. "You can call me a bad loser if you like. I made a game fight and lost out. I wish I could say it was to a better man. There's lots of fellows in this world might make you a better husband than me, and I wouldn't blame you. But Steve Rivers is a--     well, he just ain't fit for you. I know him better'n you do, I guess. There's things about him I wouldn't tell you. All I got to say is, throw me down if you want to, but, for God's sake, don't marry Steve; because if you do, you'll regret it as sure as I'm standing here."  Joe had begun to move toward the porch steps.  "I always liked you, Joe; honestly," said Anna. "I liked you sometimes so much I wasn't sure whether I'd take Steve or you. I hoped we'd part good friends; but we can't if you don't be- have nice. I know it's hard for you; but you'll get over it. I wouldn't won- der if, in time, you'd be glad I decided to marry Steve. You'll see lots of girls nicer than I am--prettier and everything. Then you'll forget about how much you cared for me, or else wonder how you could ever have been so foolish. So be a good boy, and don't spoil it all by knock- ing the man that won out."  "But you don't understand," began Joe argumentatively; then he stopped short and made a hopeless gesture. "Aw, what's the use? A man that would try to argue with a woman's a fool." He turned and clumped heavily down the steps to the sidewalk, and was gone with- out even the formality of a good night Anna stood and watched him through the chinks between the leaves of the screen- ing vine. Then she sighed and went gloomily into the house and up to her room to bed.  Anna Polenka's father was a laborer   21