Holly Edwards 59   Wong Who I tell him?  Violet (with pleasant smile) I'm Miss Violet Hope, the young lady he's going to marry, you know.  Wong (slowly and mystifiedly) Mister Jones marry?  Violet Yes, of course. Hasn't he told you?  Wong (looking around, as if unable to believe his ears) No. No--he no tell Wong.  Violet Well, of course, it doesn't matter. Tell him I'm here, please. (She turns to table, and sits down in chair at left of it. Wong watchcs her interestedly, turns away, and picks up the glass he has set down. He looks from her to the door through which Bob has gone, starts for it, then apparently thinks better of it and sits down in armchair again.) Why, here's my letter! (She picks up letter from table and turns it over in her hands.) And unopened! That must be the reason Algy didn't meet me; he didn't know what time I'd get here. Well, it doesn't matter now; I'm here, and as long as he has me, he won't need the letter. (She tears open the envelope, takes out enclosure, and reads aloud.)  "Dearest Algernon: When you receive this, I shall be on my way to you. For the first time in twelve years, we shall look upon each other's faces. I wonder if you will know your little Violet? I so long to be with you, to stand by your side and help you in your great mission- ary work. It gives me a strange feeling to know that in such a short time we shall be married--that I shall be Mrs. Jones. Be sure to meet me on my ar- rival." (She stops reading, sighs, and looks around.) Of course he didn't know what time I was to arrive. And this is his home! What a pretty room this is! (She turns and sees Wong, who is stand- ing by the armchair.) Why, haven't you gone yet? Hurry, please! (She turns back to table. Wong starts toward door     right.) Dear Algernon, out here all alone, working so hard to raise up the heathen! (Wong catches his foot in a rug and falls to floor with a crash. Violet runs to him.) Oh, are you hurt?  Wong (blinking up at her gravely) No fall. Just sit down to lest.  Violet Oh!  Bob (yelling off-stage) You yellow devil, what are you doing in there? (Violet starts and looks appre- hensively toward door right. Enter Bob, coatless, the collar of his shirt turned in, drying his hands on a towel.) Wong, what, the hel--hello! I beg your par- don; I had no idea anyone was here.  (Wong stumbles to his feet and goes out hurriedly, door right.)  (Violet (going forward timidly) Here--here I am!  Bob (stammering in surprise) Yes--yes, er--so I see. It's very nice and--and all that, you know.  Violet (appealingly) Don't you know me?  Bob (much taken aback) Know you? (Stares at her, then speaks with great cordiality.) Why- why, yes, of course. Know you? Well, I should say I do! (Aside.) I mean I'm going to!  Violet And aren't you glad to see me?  Bob (with enthusiasm) You bet your life I am! (Aside.) And that's no lie! She's a peach--but who the dickens is she, anyhow? I ought to know her, I suppose.  Violet (timidly) You--you don't act as if you were-- so--so very glad.  Bob (getting flustered) Why--why to tell you the truth, I--I don't know how to show you how glad I really am. What would you do in my place?  Violet (very much embarrassed, blush- ing) Why, I--I--I--if you'll please turn