106 "The Play's the Thing"    pers indigestion, and passes up the bis- cuit. So Alfred leaves for London, with Molly promising to wait for him, and with John loving her--in vain, as they say in books.  Four years pass. Alfred, now a great personage, is still in London, while the Carters have become addicted to that famous indoor sport of dodging bill col- lectors. There are bills everywhere, and no money, for with the death of Molly's father, his fortune seems to have taken wings. Judy is still with the family, and while she still bakes, we first see her ridding the house of the collectors with the aid of a broom. Mrs. Carter confides to her old friend, Judge Wade, that some- thing must be done, but she will not let him help her, and she doesn't know what that something is to be. Now she re- grets that Molly didn't marry Alfred Bennett before he went to London, for Alfred has never returned to marry Molly, nor has he sent for her to join him in England; and he has become quite a wealthy man.  "Yes, it would have been better if they had married four years ago," decides Mrs. Carter; "for as Molly is to-day--"  Then Molly appears. Worry and pov- erty have failed to leave their marks on Miss Molly. Nero fiddled while Rome burned, and Molly fattened while the Carters starved. There is no money for the butcher, but Molly appears calmly munching chocolates. Molly is fat!  Her kid sister, Dot, who has been deco- rated of late in Molly's made-over clothes, finds the old wedding gown that Molly got four years ago in which to marry Alfred, and Dot wants it for a dress for herself. But Molly, while fat, is sentimental, and she insists she is sav- ing the old gown for her wedding with Mr. Bennett, though, as practical Dot points out, the garment isn't half big enough for the Molly of to-day.  When Judge Wade suggests a lodger, Mrs Carter promptly faints, but Molly thinks they will take one in, thank you.     The Judge points out that he knows a most excellent young man, a doctor, who, while waiting for his sanitarium to be finished, is anxious to secure home-like accommodations in the neighborhood. Molly says they will take him in, and the Judge departs to find the fellow.  Of course, when he appears, he is none other than Molly's other beau, John Moore, he is now Doctor Moore, and a successful health and beauty specialist, with many interesting patients. But he still loves Molly. Molly says that she didn't know their lodger was to be he, and she is afraid he cannot stay. When John asks if she really dislikes him so much, Molly shakes her head, and the thing is settled, even to the breakfast menu. He pays for a month in advance, so that it begins to look as if the Carters were to be once more on intimate terms with the butcher. Mrs. Carter insists that a lodger, a man in the house, is the very thing they needed--after she hears of John's success, and his continued in- terest in Molly--and everything is lovely, when a bomb is exploded in their midst.  After four years, Alfred Bennett de- cides that he wants to marry Molly. He wants to marry Molly in the little white gown she prepared before he went to London; he speaks of her as his "dainty lily"--but Molly confesses openly she more nearly resembles a cauliflower! As for the little gown, of course it won't half meet. Yet Alfred is coming, in a few short months, to wed the "lily maid" he left behind!  Mother and sister are in despair; John insists that Molly is just right, and that if Bennett really loves her, he won't care a hoot whether she is plump or lean. But the Carters know better--they know Alfred, the exquisite, the ethereal. Even Judy recalls that he wouldn't eat her bis- cuits. and offers Molly some anti-fat pills, with herself as a testimonial. This isn't encouraging, with Judy tipping the scales at two hundred or more, and Molly de- cides she must start in to reduce.