Roger Hartman 101    more energetic men the good things to be gained only at the price of effort, to having for himself only what drifted within his reach. He was exactly the sort of man to attract Laurence Rae- burn's severest contempt--a drone, a non-producer, no less a parasite because he had inherited enough money to main- tain him in sloth. Morally, to be sure, Jessop was not particularly reprehensible, simply because sinning, for the most part, demanded an effort he was not willing to exert. He had no purple history, and yet there were few husbands who would have surveyed with philosophic calm his intimacy in their houses.  Yet Raeburn contemplated without comment the spectacle of a growing friendliness between Lester and Jessop. If he doubted his wife, he contrived to keep the question at bay; his new self- control proved equal to the steadily in- creasing strain Lester put upon it. He went his ways methodically, as always, his even humor untroubled, so far as Lester could see. Slowly she tried him farther, obtruding on his observation evi- dences of interest in Jessop which, a few months before, would have wakened him to instant fury. He was perversely dense, or more perversely complaisant. She could not prod him into even mild objection.  Scarcely realizing that it was only the reflex of her annoyance, she slipped eas- ily into an intimacy with Murray Jessop which had had no place in her plans. The quiet, indolent fellow fitted admira- bly into the fabric of her life. He gave no trouble; he was never exigent, never sulky, never difficult, and, within limits, he was to be counted on for amusement. She began to rely on him heavily--more heavily than she knew--as Raeburn drifted back into absorption in his busi- ness and left her, more and more, to her own concerns.  And yet, through it all, her attitude toward her husband changed steadily to- ward the side of a deeper attachment     than before. Having taken him for granted, from the first, she had been in- clined to hold him cheaply; now, as she became unwillingly aware that her power over him was weakening, her fondness intensified into something very much like love. He was hers; she had a right to his devotion; she wanted it, wanted those glowing recrudescences of the early fires, wanted him as he had been. . . . His seeming inattention to Jessop's intrusions only persuaded her that she had not gone far enough. He might have conquered his besetting vice a little; he had learned how to control those facile rages that had flung him abashed and humbled at her feet when the fun, was spent, but below the surface, waiting his moment, was her ancient ally, ready to spring to her aid when she found the right appeal.  The more she contemplated the new status of her life and its relations, the more certain it seemed to her that she was on the right track in using Jessop as the means of kindling the old fire in Laurence Raeburn. She had not gone far enough along that path; that was all. Very cautiously she went farther, watch- ing Laurence shrewdly for some hint of her success.  "Murray's going to take me out to Northport this afternoon--Lotta Jud- son's you know. You don't mind, do you, dear old boy?"  He shook his head.  "Not a bit. Sorry I can't get away, but--"  "But you don't like Lotta," she cut in, striving to make her eagerness a shade suspicious. "I don't want you to be bored, you know."  He grinned amiably and lapsed into his paper. She was angry--thoroughly an- gry. Was he merely stupid, or didn't he care? What had happened--what could have altered him so radically that he could look on unstirred while his wife pointedly flirted with a man like Murray Jessop?  She meditated soberly on the problem.