An Insider 107    "For you'll never get into the old gown, Molly, unless you melt," says Sister Dot.  "Then I'll melt!" announces Molly, even as you and I.  When he sees that she is in earnest, John says he will take her in hand, and throwing away Judy's medicine, tells Molly to come to his new sanitarium. He promises to get her back in shape, the old shape, in time to meet her elegant lover from London. But . . . she must diet--which makes for an amusing finale to the act, when afternoon tea is brought in, with hot, rich cakes, straight from Judy's kitchen, and John keeps the con- fection from Molly and allows her only tea, minus cream and sugar.  In the next act we visit the famous sanitarium, with a lot of pretty young women in gym togs, the whole resembling a scene from a Keystone film. The ath- letic instructor is played by Miss Vera Roehrn, a striking-looking young woman, who gives an excellent boxing exhibition, and effectively "talks" a song. Here in the sanitarium we find Molly at work, and she has begun to melt, judging from the trim figure she presents in her gym suit. John comes in, as much in love as ever, but Molly remains true to her "memories." To be sure. I'm not a lady, but just the same, I can't understand how Molly's "memories" of Alfred Bennett were so thrilling that one needs must be hugging them always to one's breast. Quite the contrary. And I particularly loathe cold potato!  Judge Wade has provided the neces- sary money for Molly's trousseau and everything, apparently, is going well, when news is brought that Alfred can't get to America, after all, and that he wants Molly to marry him by proxy and come to join him in London.  "Can it be done?" demands Mrs. Car- ter, with visions of Molly being "wished back" on her hands, I suppose.  The Judge assures them gravely that a marriage by proxy is perfectly legal. Poor Molly, who has rolled, starved, and     what not for her wedding, has only one word to say--her husband by proxy must be John. Which, to a mere man's way of thinking, is very hard on John. No wonder he protests. But Molly wants it so, and, after all, he loves Molly, and so he consents.  The last act takes us back again under the trees on the lawn of the Carter house. It is Molly's wedding day, and she has married Alfred--sort o' through John, y' know. Alfred, with his secretary. Miss Chester, has arrived directly after the ceremony, finding at the last moment that he could manage the trip and escort his bride back to England. When Molly ap- pears, you'd expect to find her very happy and everything, with Alfred in America, but the truth must be published--Molly is mad, fighting mad, when she shows her- self to the bosom of her family. She is wearing the little white dress of four years ago, and while it is tight, and she has been warned to be careful in it, she has, thanks to John Moore, melted her- self away to almost her old weight. Though she doesn't act at all, at all, like a "lily maid," a "lily on its straight, slim stem." If Molly is a lily, then she is of that variety known as tiger.  Molly walks in to tell her family just where she, and they, get off at. She will never go back to England with Alfred Bennett. She doesn't care if she is mar- ried to him; she will divorce him! Surely there is some law-- When she thinks of how she has starved herself and worked! All these years she has hugged to her breast sweet memories of her youthful lover, her spirituelle lover! They try to calm her nerves, Mrs. Carter pointing out the value of Bennett's social position, but the rest of them secretly feel that Molly has been handed a raw deal, and gladly leave her to John.  Then Alfred, the ethereal, appears with his secretary, and lo and behold, Alfred is now the size of the baby elephant in the zoo! He must weigh a ton--at least, three hundred pounds. He tells Molly