46 The Charlatan    That's my only salvation. It's a ter- rible thing to have to face. I could give him up to the authorities for the bank robbery; but what good would it do? All the miserable business would come out. I'd only bring the house down around my own ears."  She slumped down in her chair, dropped her head into the crook of her arms, and wept bitterly. At length she sat up, wiped her eyes, and looked about her.  "If I can keep him from disgracing us!" she repeated over and over. "For Stanley's sake, I must--I must!"  Suddenly she arose, and seizing the globe, held it high above her head. At one side of the room was a fireplace, half hidden in the gloom; and this was equipped with a pair of huge wrought- iron tire dogs.  Anna Polenka began to swing the globe up and down, up and down, each time swaying further back.  "I'm through with you," she said. "You never helped me any. I've seen men weep at the things you showed them; I've heard women thank God for you. I've seen you give the world's best gifts to even-one--all but Anna Polenka. Now I'm through."  She hurled the heavy globe across the room. With a jingling crash, it struck one of the great andirons and fell in a thousand scintillant fragments on the floor--fragments that lay and glinted out of the darkness at Anna Polenka with the effect ot a thousand sinister feline eyes. With a shriek, she turned and fled the room.  IX  In the reception room, Anna ran into Joe Strickland.  "Why, honey." he inquired, "what's all the excitement? I thought I'd drop in and see if you'd found someone who would sublease the house. You know     we've got to be starting West pretty soon."  "Joe, Joe, I'm not going. I can't."  "What's that? Not going? What do you mean?"  "Something awful has happened. I tried to 'phone you last night, but they told me at the hotel you were out of the city. Why didn't you let me know? Oh, never mind; it doesn't matter. Joe, our romance is over."  "But, Anna girl--"  "Steve's come back."  "No!"  Anna nodded sadly.  "Where is he? I'll find him and wring his skinny, worthless neck. Then I guess he won't stand in our way."  "Oh, Joe, you know you can't do a thing like that! There's no way out of it. He's coming here to live, and I can't help myself!"  "He is not coming here to live!" roared Joe. "He may be coming here to die; but not to live! Not if I get my hands on him."  Anna smiled sadly at the big man's vehemence.  "There's a messenger boy coming up the steps," said Joe.  "Go and let him in--that's a dear." Joe secured the message and returned to the reception room.  "You know it's no use trying to make me think you're going to stand for that dog," he sputtered. "There are a thou- sand ways we can put a spoke in his wheel. Why, I'll hire seventeen differ- ent lawyers to--"  "Joe, that wouldn't help. He'd do all his harm while you were making your plans."  Anna was fumbling at the envelope Joe had taken from the messenger. When she read the enclosure the man saw the color leave her face.  "Oh!" she said, in a little gasping sob. "Oh! Read it, Joe dear!"  Strickland took the message and read: