Her Groove  By Ethel Watts Mumford    "BUT, my dear, good woman!"  The little old maid, primly seated on the re-covered sofa, looked the Reverend Mr. Paul in the face, with eyes at once weary and stub- born.  "I'm tired of being a ‘good woman'!" she replied in a hushed, sick-room voice.  "Don't, don't!" he ejaculated. "You of all women! Thank God, you couldn't be anything else but a good woman!" Mr. Paul fairly bristled truculent ap- proval of her maiden past.  "Yes," she agreed sadly. "I am afraid I am too old now."  The elderly adviser paled.  "I can only account for your extraor- dinary conduct," he quavered, "on the ground of demoniac possession. I re- fuse to believe that one so exemplary can seriously speak as you are speaking or contemplate such actions."  Miss Peck refolded her long hands precisely, almost as if invisible fingers creased and turned them, like putting old lace carefully away.  "I'm sorry," she said meekly, "that I told John anything about it. I ought to have gone over to the city and writ back, but somehow I felt as if John, bein' my brother an' the head of the family, I shud speak to him. I might have known he'd go to you."  "Of course he came to me." Mr. Paul's withered-apple visage wrinkled in indignation. "Have I not always been the devoted friend of every member of your family--your father, your dear mother; those sainted women, your aunts? He would have neglected his duty if he had not come to me."     Miss Peck set her narrow lips.  "Thank you; but there isn't the slight- est use arguin'. You're not looking at the rights of the case--leastways, not at my rights. I took care of Mother and Aunt Sue and Sister Emma till the Lord took 'em, an' I don't believe the Lord in- tends me to take up John's cross for him, an' nurse his wife and children so's he can let Martha go and only keep one servant.  "All my life I've been in somebody else's groove--I ain't never found my own. Now, I just want to do somethin' it's a human pleasure to do. I've wanted what was live an' pretty, an' all I ever had was a cat. I wanted young people when I was young, an' I never cud have 'em. because there wuz always them as it wuz my plain duty to do for. An' the money I inherited from Grandpa Steele I had to spend on keepin' the household goin'; because they said, bein' an unmar- ried woman, I hadn't but myself to spend it on.  "Oh, I know John's been countin' on gettin' me to housekeep for Eliza, an' my income'll come in handy, an' mebbe with me puttin' in my money on the livin' ex- penses, he cud spare enough of his for an automobile. Well, he's lookin' to betted himself, an' I'm lookin' to better myself. an' them two ain't one!"  "Your brother very properly and very generously offers you the shelter of his home." Mr. Paul looked with an ap- praising eye at the spacious parlor and its old-fashioned but once costly furni- ture. "And you could rent this place to summer folks for three or, maybe, four hundred dollars."   11