Mary Barratt 69    same time into the black and troubled pool of her own soul. A quiver ran through her body, in its incongruous blue dinner gown. She stared fixedly at the river before her, and her spirit grew calmer as her strange courage rose. How quiet, how peaceful, how obliterating, that velvet mass of the river! Very slowly she moved nearer the edge. . . .  A voice above, hallooing--steps--the swinging light of a lantern! For a mo- ment she had the odious vision of Fres- ner searching for her even here! But, no, it was her husband's call.  She had paused too long. He was upon her.  "Oh, there you are, my dear. Such a scare! I was afraid you had gotten lost, or slipped, or something. Dinner's wait- ing, you know. Really, I don't think it's exactly safe to come here after sun- down."  How could she look at him? Why had she never felt the possessing strength of him before? Why had she not thought of him--then? What--what wild and frenzied thing, what selfish bewitchment, had entangled her?  "You are all right, dear?" he asked tearfully, when she did not speak.  "Yes, yes, quite all right." she heard a voice which must be her voice saying evenly.  They went up the path together, his arm about her, strengthening; she was     walking as one newly awakened from an exhausting dream.  At the top of the path, a man's form! Marcia drew closer to her husband.  "Hello! That you, Fresner?"  "Yes. I--I heard you calling, and you frightened me from my frugal bachelor supper." The words came strained for all their attempt at lightness.  "I say, you are a lonely bachelor, aren't you? And bachelors, when they're young, are always hungry, aren't they? Marcia, why don't we ask Fresner to share our dinner with us?"  "I'm afraid I really--"  "Tut, tut!" the older man cut in. "When Marcia insists, you have to come. And you insist, don't you, Marcia?"  "Yes," said Marcia faintly, "of course." Then she added more firmly: "You'd better come, Mr. Fresner, because I think we'll be getting back to town soon. The days are getting cold."  "Why," exclaimed Monning, "the fall is the best time of the year here, my dear!"  "Oh, you'll both stay, I'm sure," Fres- ner put in. "It's we young 'uns--bache- lors, Monning--who fly away. I'm leav- ing myself this week."  They walked on in the darkness, Marcia held close to Monning's strong arm. Down below she could hear the river swirling over the dam. It was swirling and swirling. . . .   THE war is over. Still you've got to admit that, in its way, it was a pretty good war as long as it lasted.   THE peace conference is busy turning swords into plowshares. Experts have discovered that you can hit a much heavier blow with a plowshare than with any standard-sized sword.