74 A Night at Jacqueminot's    borrow fifty dollars. I didn't mention it to your folks, but I thought you ought to know. I let him have it."  "You shouldn't have!" she exclaimed with a flush. "You--you will probably never get it back."  "Probably not. Still, we don't know. He said he needed clothes, and I pre- ferred to believe it. It won't do to let a youngster of his temperament get the idea that he has no friends."  "But, Val," she faltered. "I mailed him twenty dollars only this morning, in re- sponse to an urgent appeal."  "I'm sorry to hear that." He plucked a culm of grass, and after a moment added earnestly: "Allie, you have a stag- gering load to bear."  "Yes." she assented simply. "But I suppose shoulders were made for loads."  "Not a woman's--for that kind of load," he protested. "I might as well speak the rest that's in my mind. Allie, I once asked you to marry me. I loved you. I thought you loved me. But you pleaded something about a career and said no."  "Yes." Her voice was humble. "I had my dream."  "It wasn't your fault that it didn't come true."  "It was nobody's fault, I suppose. I had a year of the best instruction before Father failed. That was enough to have put me on the bottom rung of the ladder if I had had the voice."  "You have a magnificent voice, if I'm a judge," he declared.  She smiled at his valiant champion- ship.  "You are not a judge, Valentine. I have just a practical, workaday voice-- good for the thing I am doing, or for the lyceum and Chautauqua stage."  Again he was silent a moment.  "Was I no judge, either, when I thought you loved me?"  With drooping lashes and a faint suf- fusion of her downy cheeks, she fingered a spray of the waxy, yellow blooms.     "You were warmer then, as we kid- dies used to say in playing hide and seek." She laughed shyly and vouch- safed him a peep into a pair of shining, violet eyes.  "So if no career had stood in the way--" He let her divine the rest.  "I should have settled down to making pancakes for you of a morning? Oh, I might. You can never tell what a girl will do."  "Then, why not do it now, Aline?" he asked. "Let's cut this Gordian knot and be happy together. If we love each other and want each other, why not bend circumstances to our end? I know, of course, that you can't abandon your family. I am simply asking to be al- lowed, as your husband, to get under that burden--if I may speak so without of- fense. You understand? I'd make a settlement upon you. You would have your private income, to take the place of your present earnings. And it would be the sweetest privilege of my life," he added pleadingly.  For a moment she fumbled the flowers with tremulous fingers.  "I believe you, Val. But I couldn't-- oh, I just couldn't!" she exclaimed with emotion. "I have no false sentiment about accepting money from you. That would be rating your money above your love. It's my folks of whom I‘m thinking. Don't you see, my dear one, the position in which it would put them? They can eat my bread cheerfully, but another's, even yours, might choke them."  "They would tell you to marry me." he urged.  "Yes. That's one reason why I can't. I must be as generous, as quick for sacri- fice, as they."  As with the knights of old, an obstacle in Kemp's path usually but heightened his spirit. But here was one against which his lance was of no avail. For an interval he gazed with moody eyes across the shimmering marsh.  "So it means, does it, that you and I