54 Dregs    was blown far and wide. He felt him- self a marked man.  Looking back, he knew now that Rose- mary had never loved him and that she had loved Theron Carpenter. After all, she wasn't much more than a child, and Carpenter was the first attractive man she had ever known. There had been times when he wanted to beg her for- giveness! . . . And there were other times when he could have torn her limb from limb and been glad. . . .  All this had been fifteen years ago. Rosemary was thirty-three now, and more beautiful than she had been then. Strange that in fifteen years one hadn't forgotten. That is a long time to remem- ber--anything.  He bent closer to her, looking into the expressionless white face. The accident that was costing her life had occurred when one of Tomlinson Wayne's drunken chauffeurs had pitched them over a preci- pice. Wayne was a multimillionaire, and the greatest politician of his time, skill- ful, brilliant, unscrupulous. More than once Magnan had heard it whispered that Rosemary was the power behind the throne. Doubtless she was the power behind many thrones. Her record since his acquittal had been one long history of outré triumphs.  Rosemary had indeed come a long way from the grocer's clerk with his Satur- day night pay envelope. The greatest men of the day had been proud to be tied to her chariot wheels. She was another of the du Barrys, Pompadours, with which history is dotted--a woman of many lov- ers, but preserving inviolate her own in- dividuality. She had become cold, ruth- less, powerful; she, his little, soft Rose- mary, the ignorant high-school girl he had married, had developed into a per- son to be reckoned with, lovely but hard and determined, clever enough to wrest from life everything that she desired. Strange that after such a career there should be watching now at its end only the grocer's clerk to whom she had given     herself in the beginning. ... He puzzled over this, somewhat stupidly.  The night crept on. Once he saw Rosemary lift her hand, then it fell back lifelessly on the coverlet. She had won- derful hands, small, smooth, exquisitely molded. So many middle-class women have hands that betray them. But had Rosemary been of the middle class? In station, yes--she couldn't help that; but the soul of a Catherine of Russia had been born in her. He had not under- stood her, but since she had gone out of his life he had read a great deal, and tried gropingly to grasp the meaning of things. She recalled to him now the great, deliberate, agnostic mistresses of kings, who smiled down from a great height on their lowly beginnings. . . . All personal feeling had died out of his heart, all rancors, all old hates. He only remembered.  It must have been one or two o'clock in the morning when suddenly she stirred, moaned, began softly to babble, to toss about on the bed. At first he could make out nothing she said. Then with difficulty he caught the words "Bob" and "home." He was Bob--and presently he knew that Rosemary was whispering incoherently of their first days together. His heart leaped into his throat--stood still. She--this marvelous sinner who had broken every rule, yet who somehow commanded people's ad- miration--was murmuring of the little flat with the window in the air-shaft and the crippled furnace!  "So cold!" she muttered; and he tried to draw the gorgeous rose-wool puff about her. But he knew she was think- ing of those dreary rooms.  "Forgive--" she began once; and he comprehended the reason she had asked him here. She felt that she had wronged him. Well, she had; but perhaps he had wronged her, too. One can't keep an or- chid with the treatment under which a sunflower thrives.  The tears were running frankly down