106 AUNT IDA    never seen one of Ethyl's family, even.  As the days passed, Andrew grew more fascinated, if possible. He con- tinued asking Ethyl to go places with him and she nearly always accepted. Once in a while, "a boy I used to go to school with" or "an old friend" had made a previous engagement. The day after these engagements. Ethyl some- times came to the office wearing a cor- sage of violets. Once, there was even a solitary orchid in the center.  Andrew suggested that he call on Ethyl at her home. She always had an excuse--relatives would be there and would tease them, her father wasn't feeling well, he wouldn't have a good time--why not stay down-town?  One night, after they had dined to- gether, Ethyl suggested that they go to see "There You Go Again," one of the newest musical comedies. Andrew consented readily. At the theater Ethyl looked around, searching for someone.  "There she is," she said at last  "Who?" asked Andrew.  "Mama. She said she'd be here. See, look up there, the second row in the balcony. See, she's waving."  So Andrew got the first view of his future mother-in-law. His heart sank, though it was no worse than he had expected. She was a large woman, with light hair arranged in an elabo- rate coiffure. Her dress was dark but it was rounded at the neck and was tight over an ample bosom. She was with a woman in bright blue and two middle-class men.  "Which is your father?" asked An- drew.  "Oh, neither one of those," Ethyl answered. "Papa hates theaters. You can't drag him inside. That's Mama's cousin, Mrs. Brooks, and her husband and her husband's brother. Mama goes with them quite a lot. Mrs. Brooks has a son just my age--maybe you've heard me speak of cousin Bert?"  It was even worse than Andrew had pictured it--Ethyl a born New Yorker, whose mother undoubtedly peroxided her hair and who went to the theater     with a man other than her husband. Imagine a respectable matron of Pied- mont, the mother of grown children, going to the theater with another man! And yet Ethyl was sweet and soft and fragrant--and, yes, Andrew even ad- mitted it, her wickedness, her urbanity, reinforced her other charms.  Andrew didn't want to get married. He had a comfortable but small apart- ment in Madison Avenue, which he called his "rooms." Before he met Ethyl he had spent pleasant evenings with a few of the men he knew, a sim- ple dinner, a vaudeville or a music show, or just talking in some cafe or in the "rooms" of a member of the group, or he had gone to odd parties. He even knew an artist or two and several people who lived in Greenwich Village. He took a girl or two to din- ner or the theater. He went to queer basement restaurants, calling the dirt and unpleasantness "atmosphere," or to queer, half-furnished "studios," sit- ting around until long past his usual bed time, drinking weak tea or argu- ing over books he hadn't read or things he only half understood, and calling it "Bohemia."  Andrew was well satisfied with him- self. He didn't want to get married. Yet, one night, of his own free will, he proposed marriage to Ethyl Apperson and Ethyl accepted him.  He didn't know exactly what brought on the proposal. It might have been a frequency of engagements Ethyl had had with other men, "A boy I went to school with" or "Mr. Jackson, who was at Helmar Jones &amp; Company with me, an awfully nice fellow" or "a boy who lived in our apartment building when I was a kid, he's a young lawer now and awfully smart."  It might have been because Ethyl was Ethyl, sweet and fragrant and al- luring, with a background of city wickedness and city knowledge. Why, you couldn't tell what kind of a life Ethyl had led or what she might do. Maybe, even now, she was just lead- ing him on--with Ethyl things would be mysterious, attractive, fascinating--