14 WHAT IS ISN'T    Dr. Vanderslice had warned he might, and as she always imagined he would.  CHAPTER V  The more sensational newspapers of Thursday morning printed diagrams of the Holland, Delray &amp; Dallas law offices on the sixteenth floor of one of the taller labyrinthine buildings of lower Broadway. In one respect, at least, they differed from the average offices of their size in possessing but one entrance. And stress was laid up- on this point in order to impress upon readers the fact that whoever was guilty of Mr. Holland's untimely taking off, must have come and gone by that door.  A dotted line had been drawn to in- dicate the course of a caller seeking the senior member of the law firm. It be- gan in the corridor, where he would step from one of the elevators, and con- tinued thence to this single means of access, twenty yards distant. Crossing the sill he would then, it showed, find himself within a small, oblong, railed- off space, and facing a little table at which sat, usually, the office boy whose duty it was to attend to callers.  "Assuming that he has an appoint- ment with Mr. Holland," the news- paper continued, "he passes through a swinging gate at his left and crosses this outer office, given over to clerks, accountants, stenographers, and the telephone operator at her switchboard, and enters through a green baize-cov- ered door, punctured by a glass oval, the office library. It is an oblong room, its right and far walls hidden by serried files of calf-bound law reports in cases reaching to the ceiling. A partition to the left divides its full length from the private offices of the three firm mem- bers, each with its own ground-glass paneled door. The first is that of Mr. Holland, the second of Mr. Delray, and the far one of Mr. Dallas. A green- velvet carpet covers the library floor, and a long directors' table and seven or eight chairs, all of mahogany, consti- tute, in addition to the bookcases, its      furnishing. Above the table a shaded electrolier, always lighted, supplements the scant illumination afforded by the ground glass."  The dotted line of the diagram turned into Mr. Holland's office, and the accompanying letterpress went on to call attention to the fact that, even with the office-door ajar, a person seat- ed at the library table could not see Mr. Holland's desk and chair, which were near the right dividing wall and close to the door connecting with the Delray office.  Lee Calvert, in a Tombs cell, ex- amined the diagrams with an amusedly satiric interest, but read the sensation- ally colored accounts of the tragedy with careful and serious attention. Editorially as well as reportorially the press, he gathered, was non-committal. Guardedly it theorized; more boldly it alluded to the obvious necessity of the arrest, recounting the fact that the vie- tim had been found dead five minutes after the departure of the prisoner and that no one apparently had entered the private office in the interim; but the general tendency of all the newspapers was to "play up" the mystery, since the standing of the accused--a junior member of the old and distinguished banking house of Gardener Brothers-- was so unimpeachable that, in the ab- sence of motive--and as yet no motive had been ascertained--it was almost inconceivable that he should be guilty.  That, at all events, was the view em- bodied, nearly verbatim, in the most conservative morning journal of the metropolis, and it was the editorial key- note of all the others. Moreover, it bore out to a nicety the expressed opinion of Owen Wills, his counsel, with whom he had had a long and most encouraging conference following his apprehension at the club and his ar- raignment at police headquarters.  "There's nothing to it, old chap," Wills had assured him. "It's absurd. Why, in the name of all that's good and bad, should you want to put Elliot Hol- land, of all persons, out of the way?"