REPETITION GENERALE 69    down his abstract conclusions some years ago in the London Saturday Review. But, platitude though it is, it still remains for some professor to offer up the concrete proofs. At least one such proof occurs to me; and this proof is to be found, unless I am great- ly mistaken, in the way life has imi- tated the drama in the matter of wo- man's confession of sin. Fifteen years ago, when a woman confessed the stain on her past to a man, she imitated the maneuvers of the leading woman char- acter in the then already long popular Henry Arthur James drama. There were sniffles a la Rachel Neve, tears a la Mrs. Dane, tremulous allusions to innocence taken off guard, to betrayed trust, to moonlight, Chopin and other such sentimental knock-out drops. . . . "I'd been brought up in a vil- lage. I was a child in knowledge. I knew nothing of life. Nothing of the world. He was very kind to me. He was rich and distinguished and flattered me by his notice. And I--oh, why didn't somebody warn me? Why did they keep me ignorant? I didn't even love him, not in that way--not as I love you. I tell you I knew nothing, nothing! Nothing! Till it was too late." etc., etc. . . .  But today when a woman confesses an indiscretion of her past to a man, does she follow the Henry Arthur Jones model? She does not. She fol- lows the Manchester school model--as typified, for example, by some such dramatist as the late Stanley Houghton. No longer the sniffles, tears and apologies . . . "It was my fault as much as it was his. I was in love with him; he was in love with me; and that's all there is to it!"  So far, so good. But God help us poor men if, some years hence, life in this particular department sees fit to change its latest imitation and proceeds drolly to mimic, instead, the panto- mime!  12  America as Infant.--In practically all discussions of American history,     ideals and character the notion that Americans constitute "the youngest of great peoples" is employed as a rubber- stamp. The phrase, in fact, turns up incessantly; the average editorial writer would be hamstrung if he were deprived of it. What lies behind it is the plain fact that the American re- public, compared to certain other exist- ing governments, is relatively young. But the American republic is surely not identical with the American people; they might overturn it tomorrow and set up a monarchy, and still remain the same American people. The truth is that, as a people, they go back fully three hundred years, and that even their government is older than those of most other nations, e. g., France, Ger- many, England, Italy.  Moreover, it is absurd to say that there is anything properly describable as youthfulness in the American stock. Americans, in the overwhelming main, are not young, but old. They are either worn-out individuals detached from other nations or the descendants of such worn-out individuals, and they show all the signs of senescence; what appears to be youth in them is rather second childhood. One of the main in- dications of that second childhood is their singular timorousness. They do not embrace ideas eagerly, like such young peoples as the Slavs; they dis- trust all ideas instinctively, and have to be brought to accept them by an elabor- ate process of suggestion. Most of what passes for thinking in America is done abroad, and chiefly in England. If the English once ceased telling Americans what to think, about every- thing from politics to literature and from social amenity to jurisprudence, the United States would fall into in- tellectual chaos.  13  More on the Old Subject.--Most alluring to men is that woman whose wickedness has to it a touch of the angelic and whose virtue a touch of the devil.