104 AUNT IDA    was not a social mentor and that, with- out his mother, he could sleep late Sun- day mornings, he stopped going.  Next, he looked up some former Piedmont people but found that they had settled into an uninteresting, de- cently Piedmont routine of living. That was not what he had come to New York in search of. After a little while he found his own circle, gay young blades from Akron, Piqua, Jefferson City and points west, all bent now, as he was, on "making good."  He met girls, too, a musical student from Monticello, Indiana; a teacher from Cascade, Wisconsin, taking a post- graduate course in pedagogy at Colum- bia University; a trained nurse from Livingston, Tennessee. He even met a chorus girl who had gone to school with Fred Millway in Tenaboya, Alabama, and an illustrator from Ashtabula, Ohio. In groups they went to the theater, descending from the topmost row of the gallery as their salaries ad- vanced, substituting for the glass of soda at a Liggett drug store a "bite to eat" at a jazz cabaret. If Andrew at- tended the theater and cafes usually visited by out-of-towners, biennial vaca- tionists, buyers and the like, he didn't realize it. He wouldn't have cared if he had. He felt he was "seeing life." He was a real New Yorker, the best kind.  There were other New Yorkers, of course--wicked ones, the ones that made decent, God-fearing folks shud- der, the sort his mother and father and Sefton and Nellie had warned him against,--the born New Yorkers.  So, from the first, Andrew knew the kind of a girl Ethyl Apperson was. His up-bringing warned him. His Pied- mont principles of decency cried out. She fascinated him--that was it. He should have fought against her. Yet, from the first, the web she wove proved too strong.  II  Andrew never even really "met" Ethyl in approved Piedmont fashion.     No one ever brought her forward, blushing hopefully, and muttered the cabalistic Piedmont formula, "Mr. Hunnywell, meet my friend, Miss Ethyl Apperson," at which Andrew and Ethyl should have completed the ceremony with a pert and respective, "I'm pleased to meet you," and "How dee do."  No. Ethyl came as a stenographer to Bernheim, Orlindorfer and O'Brien, Silks. She came unheralded, one Mon- day in September. She looked wicked, seductive, even at first glance--a tall girl with bright brown eyes and light hair and a way of looking at you that suggested half a wink. The third day there, Ethyl offered Andrew some chocolates and teased him about his tie.  Andrew should have kept away from her from that moment. He knew that. Three days later, Ethyl confided to him that she'd been born in New York and had never been farther away than At- lantic City.  Although the fact seemed unbeliev- able, it immediately placed Ethyl in the "other" class of New Yorkers. He knew she was a girl of no principles and with only a desire to lure men on. She had been graduated from a New York high school, which was about as far, educationally, as most of the girls he knew had gone. She had "com- pleted" her education at a business col- lege. But even the most alluring of city types need not be wholly without learn- ing.  Ethyl wore clothes far beyond her means, Andrew knew, and fresh flow- ers, even. He was accustomed to girls who dressed nicely and had felt that the girls he went with had style--but, well, Ethyl was different. The way she spelled her name for one thing-- so sophisticated. And the way she'd pull her powder puff out of her purse, any time, and apply powder to her al- ways-too-white nose, or, pursing her mouth into a peculiar formation, apply a lip stick conscientiously, asking of anyone who happened to be around. "Did I get it on straight?" and then smoothing her lip with a glitteringly