Aunt Ida  By Thyra Samter Winslow    I  ANDREW HUNNYWELL en- tered into matrimony with a com- plexity of emotions--the usual doubts and misgivings that assail the about-to-be-benedick plus a certain fear and distrust of the bride herself. He knew that marriage was a most serious step, under any circumstance to be pon- dered and weighed.  Usually, too, Andrew considered with a nice thoughtfulness each move that he took. Yet he married Ethyl Apperson, No wonder he felt he didn't understand even himself. No wonder the event thrilled him while it fright- ened--held out delightful possibilities of unknown dangers.  Ethyl Apperson was a New Yorker. Not one of the usual, five-years-out-of- the-West sort, Andrew was that kind himself. Ethyl had been born in New York City. It seemed unbelievable.  Until made aware of that fact, Andrew had taken it for granted that New Yorkers were added to the city by birth only on the East Side. The New York that Andrew knew personally was populated by others like himself; the ambitious, unappreciated, misunder- stood youth of the little towns. There was something to be distrusted, sus- pected, about the native New Yorker.  Andrew had been brought up with a distrust for all city folks. He had read stories and heard stories about "city slickers" and he had believed nearly all of them. The city was a synonym for wickedness. The villain was always a city man. The scarlet woman was al- ways a product and inhabitant of the city. Although he knew that evil wom- en and crime did exist in Piedmont,     Missouri, the town he admitted having honored by his birth, he felt that the crimes of Piedmont were moderate, de- cent, rural ones. Besides, they were always committed by people outside of his immediate social circle.  Andrew had been brought up in a decent Christian home. His father might come to table in his shirt sleeves, ornamented with red-covered rubber sleeve bands, but his mother, clad in a neat and above-suspicion two year old hat always went to church on Sunday morning. He was raised to regard the Saturday night bath as far more of a reality than material for rude humor. He didn't like Sunday-school, but it never occurred to him that he might rebel against it or omit learning his Sunday-school lesson on Saturday night, while the bath water was getting hot in two kettles on the kitchen range.  Andrew's older sister, Nellie, mar- ried Douglas Splicer (whose father was partner in the lumber mill), the year ambition moved Andrew cityward. The year before, his older brother, Sefton, had married Minnie Pelly, who had lived next door to the Hunnywells for ten years. The Hunnywells were solid citizens.  In New York Andrew got a job with a wholesale silk company. He was af- fable and neat. After a few years of metropolitan polish and learning of silk business jargon he became a competent salesman, which carried with it what Andrew thought quite a decent salary.  Socially, too, Andrew was well sat- isfied. On coming to New York, feel- ing the need of a helping hand, he had attended--once or twice--the church that his family had gone to at home. Then, realizing that the city church   103