98 TWO GENTLEMEN OF CARACAS   Perez's visage drew closer; he saw more clearly.  He saw the face of the man with whom he had fought against apparent- ly insuperable odds, with whom he had sat, in the early days, through long hours of the anxious nights, with whom he had been joined in an unbroken confederacy of many successful years.  His recollections flocked into his mind like vivid ghosts returning in a throng. His heart seemed to grow great within his breast, seemed to ex- pand and warm and soften until it pressed against his lungs and made his breath come short. The face of his old friend, of his ancient confederate, grew large before his swimming gaze.  He staggered forward. His arms were outstretched. The tears rushed into his eyes and overflowed upon his dark cheeks. He fell against the table, he fell into the supporting arms of his be- loved friend.     They clasped each other in an em- brace of fraternity and love. They cried upon each other's shoulders; they pressed their moist cheeks together. Their friends drew about them. An- other table was pulled up; the waiter brought fresh drinks. A toast was made to Perez and every man drank it. Another was made to Valdivieso and the glasses were emptied. Someone be- gan an old Italian song of battle. . . .  After midnight, heaped into two au- tomobiles, the party set out for the jail. Someone had remembered Julio, and it was proposed they all go and secure his release. The Gobernador and the Secretary sat in one car with their arms about each other and their heads rest- ing upon their two shoulders. They complained in ineffectual voices that the night was chill, that they did not want to go out. They demanded where they were going; they wanted to know what it was all about. . . .     The Source  By T. F. Mitchell ON a raw, blustery day in December, he clambered aboard a Fifth Avenue 'bus and made his swaying way to the top. Engrossed in the moving panorama below, he neglected to hold onto his hat and suddenly a gust of wind blew it off. He gazed after it with indifference and made no attempt at salvage. Getting another was such a simple matter. He dined in a res- taurant every evening.   ALL men, of course, are fools. But they are reminded of it a good deal less often if they remain single. INTELLIGENCE is a faculty bestowed upon man in order that he may hide his imbecility.