144 EXEUNT OMNES    been married for fifteen years and are the parents of four children. Think of a husband of such experi- ence raving over his wife as if she were a Follies girl glimpsed for the first time, as from some peak in Darien! Think of him eating out his heart with speculations as to just how much she loves him! It seems to me that such frenzies, after so many years, take on a smack of the ludicrous. They are against nature, and hence against sound art. But that is all I venture to say in contempt of the book. It is well planned; it is original; it is full of an unmistakable glow. De- spite everything, the author convinces one that he is in earnest--that he is actually the miraculous husband he pretends to be. I offer it to you as a document of uncommon quality. It is unlike anything else at present on sale in the department-stores.  Among the remaining books the most agreeable, to my taste are "New Rivers of the North," by Hulbert Footner (Doran), and "White Shad- ows in the South Seas," by Frederick O'Brien (Century). Footner is a bad novelist, but here, writing a simple account of a journey to the Alexandra Falls near the mouth of the Hay River in the far northwest of Canada, he manages to make a capital book. Why any sane man should face such multi- plied hardships for the banal satisfac- tion of seeing a second-rate waterfall is beyond my comprehension, but Footner and his companion plainly en- joyed the trip immensely, and he gets some of that joy into his story of it. Let him give over his bad novels and stick to exploring. The volume of O'Brien is even more charming. He went to the Marquesan Islands, the scene of Herman Melville's "Typee" and of Paul Gauguin's celebrated paintings, came to good terms with the natives at once, settled down in their manner of life, and remained a year. An immoral people, but lately given over to cannibalism and even now guilty of gross violations of the     seventh commandment, they neverthe- less turned out to be simple, polit[e] hospitable, intelligent, cleanly and amusing. Very few whites live among them. O'Brien found a few drunken Frenchmen in remote valleys, and on one small island there was a Swiss liv- ing in great state, but in the main the native life is but little corrupted. However, the diseases of Christendom have got in, if Christian Kultur still remains outside. Tuberculosis is rag- ing in all the islands and the popula- tion is rapidly diminishing. The valley of Typee, which swarmed with state- ly savages in Melville's day, is now a desert. O'Brien's account of his ad- ventures is romantic and often almost lyrical. He has made a book worth reading.  " The Science of Eating," by Alfred W. McCann (Doran), runs to more than four hundred pages of flatulent bombast. This McCann, it appears, holds himself out to be an expert in dietetics, and for all I know there may be some ground for his claim. But he burdens his book with the two faults of prolixity and pecksniffery; he always takes a hundred words to say what might be said in eight or ten, and he always announces gravely that the notions he advocates are ordained of God and that flouting them is a sin against the Holy Ghost. Another volume in the same blowsy, chautau- qual manner is "The Sober World," by Randolph W. Smith (Jones), a maudlin plea for Prohibition, in which nearly all the sorrows of the world are laid to the conspiracies of German brewers. Literature of this sort multi- plies in America. Our national think- ing, once merely superficial, now fast approaches the downright idiotic. The English reviewers fall upon every such book with great delight; the temptation to mock the gushing Yankee is too strong to be resisted. What a French, a German or a Scandinavian critic would think of that sort of pishposh it is painful to guess. Fortunately such books seldom get past the Channel.