WHAT IS ISN'T 29    Her cross-examination by Marvin Lilligore served merely to make of her a heroine--a beautiful woman sinned against by an unfeeling and unsympa- etic husband, yet rigidly holding her- lf indeed, if not in inclination, to the letter of her marital covenant.  Counsel for the defence, too, when his turn came, did much to riddle the testimony of the State's corroborating witnesses--the maid who admitted Cal- vert to the Holland home on the after- oon preceding the crime, and who had watched and listened through a keyhole to that scene in the library-boudoir; and Robert Holland, the dead lawyer's Van- dyk-bearded brother.  He showed that the maid was in her master's pay, that to make good she had sometimes invented visits from Calvert, that she depended on her memory, rather than written notes, for her re- port of conversations. And he showed also that, aside from the finding of Mrs. Holland and the accused lunching at Giro's on the day of the crime, Rob- ert Holland knew only what his brother had told him, and that that, almost en- tirely, was a repetition of information furnished by the fallible maid.  The District Attorney, however, had not released Bianca without a reserva- tion. He had foreseen pretty nearly just what had happened, and in letting her go then, when there was the danger which Wills had divined, it was with the idea in view of recalling her later to rebut Lilligore's deductions. For, however meagre the effect of his early efforts, he had at least assured himself of the witness's scrupulous veracity.  If the maid of the keyhole had told more or less of fact, Mrs. Holland must and should give it the proper balance by contributing the exact truth. More- over, in order to gain the most telling effect, he reserved this for his penulti- mate effort.  It was the general opinion up to this time that the State had signally failed in making out a case, and that should nothing more convincing be educed the defense would win hands down. No jury would send a reputable gentleman     to the electric chair simply because he had been alone in an office with a man who was found dead five minutes later, and with no more impelling motive than his being in love with the man's wife and about to be separated from her.  Calvert had heard with a confirming fillip to his confidence the District At- torney announce that he would close his case with the recalling of one wit- ness and the examination of one other. And it was with no lessening of his as- surance that he heard the clerk name Bianca Holland as the former.  She smiled at him as she again took her place on the stand, her composure, as compared with that of the first day, visibly marked.  "Mrs. Holland," the examiner began while she was still settling herself in the chair, "I'm sorry to trouble you again, but there are some points in the testimony of the maid we had here which, as they appear to be in dispute, I wish you to set right for us. I want you to think back to the afternoon prior to the--the decease of your husband, and tell us in your own way as nearly as possible what was said and done dur- ing Calvert's call on you."  After a moment Bianca, in a quiet tone, briefly outlined in general terms that which was asked. She began by saying that there had been an under- standing between them that he should not call at her home. But the occasion was unusual. He had apologized and she had overlooked it. As she had pre- viously testified, he asked her to find some way out of going.  At that point she was interrupted. "Did he tell you he had been in pur- gatory?"  "I think he did use that expression."  "Did he say that the thought of your going was driving him insane?"  "Not that I remember."  "Try to remember."  "He said--I'm not sure just how he used it--but that separation, or the thought of separation, was maddening."  "I merely wished to get those points clear. Will you please go on?"