AUNT IDA 111    ferent, that she was really all he had hoped her, that this was just a pose-- but there were few evidences of it as the days passed.  Ethyl bought her clothes wholesale, though one of her innumerable rela- tives, getting them at splendid bargains, but quite robbing shopping of its charms. She always looked well when she was out with Andrew, well groomed, "citified." But, in the house, to save her clothes, she took to wearing rather dissreputable kimonos and house gowns, cotton things of no particular charm. She did her cooking in these, which were always too long and the hems were always dirty where they swept the floors. Her perfume, too, became more annoying and the one odor, for- merly so fragrant, became cloyingly un- pleasant and Andrew finally had to ask her not to use any perfume at all.  With relatives coming in to dinner or afterwards, "parties" he could not avoid without a quarrel, calls he was forced to make, occasionally attending the theater or having dinner down town, Andrew found himself in the center of a web of thickest middle-class respectability, dull, uninspired. When he was first married, he feared that his mother or Minnie or Nellie would have disapproved of his city wife. He was quite sure that they would disapprove now, not because his wife was the siren he had at first feared her, but because she was untidy, lazy, a poor house- eeper, shiftless.  Sometimes, Andrew would meet some of his old friends. To them he soon learned to give a tinted version of his romance. He did not dare admit the mediocrity into which he had sunk, a "little couple" in the midst of decent, middle-class, stupid, stifling relatives. If, by chance, his friends met Ethyl, well-groomed, flirty, laughing, they were able to believe easily Andrew's tales of excitement, happiness. But An- drew knew that his friends were living far more of a wild "city" life than he was. They had more money for one thing--Ethyl was not economical.  Then, too, Ethyl no longer enjoyed     the things he did. The cafes that were the loudest and fullest of color, that Andrew regarded as "the life," Ethyl began to think rather stupid. She could see nothing in the second-class vaude- ville acts that formed the features of the cabaret. She had been a vaudeville attendant since she was ten and the acts seemed to her, now, to lack inter- est and novelty.  If he had remained single, Andrew thought that he still might have been a part of real city life as he saw it. Gay Bohemian parties might still have been open to him. They were now--if he could go to them. He tried taking Ethyl to a few, but she called the studios "dirty holes" and didn't get on well with the women, saying they were silly and affected and finally refusing to go altogether. With Andrew's Pied- mont principles of how a young hus- band ought to act he did not think of going without her. Andrew knew that the life he was leading--getting up as late as possible to the ringing of an alarm clock, a hurried bath and a shave, a bite of poorly prepared breakfast, a day in the silk district, home to a poorly prepared dinner, with maybe a relative dropping in in the evening-- was exactly the same life he might have led in Piedmont--any place.  Finally Andrew rebelled against one thing. His nerves were beginning to get on edge and he didn't sleep well at night. He wanted quiet, he said, and peace, while he was at home. Ethyl must keep her relatives away!  Ethyl sulked and cried but finally promised to try. A few cousins disap- peared, an aunt or so. But at no time were Ethyl and Andrew free from un- expected visits. Aunt Ida was per- haps the worst one. With only one son to look after, she had a great deal of time to herself. It was only natural she'd drop in to see her favorite niece, bringing a jar of home-made jelly, a home-baked cake--Aunt Ida had more domestic talents than her sisters--and then stay to dinner so as to see Andrew. Then, unless fat, slow-witted Joe called for her, Andrew would be compelled