TWILIGHT OF LOVE 47    embarrassment in this meeting, he had planned a demeanour and a trend of conversation that would accentuate his age and thus make them both at ease. Now he dismissed this purpose without hesitation.  He felt closer to the girl, and grate- ful to her, in that she had perceived and accepted his fundamental youth frank- ly rather than in terms of the exterior given him by the years. His conscious- ness of a barrier between them passed like an unpleasant season; old, tantaliz- ing warmths caressed his spirit. He was suddenly proud, quietly elated, and he believed that in spite of all his dis- illusionments he might still be capable of ardour.  There came a moment of pause in their little conversation; he leaned to- ward the girl and spoke in a low voice.  "The chances of life are curious!" he said. "How unexpectedly I met you!"  "And how luckily!" she answered.  "Do you realty feel that?"  "Yes, really! I wanted to know somebody dreadfully! I was--abso- lutely lonely!"  "I'm sure that we're going to know each other well," he said. "I've felt very much alone myself in these times. One needs some good friend ... an intimate. ..."  "Don't put it in that way!" she inter- rupted him. "It isn't that we're going to know each other. Somehow I feel we've been so frank, so quick to under- stand each other, that already there's an air of old acquaintanceship about us. ..."  She paused; they looked across the space between them; their eyes met.  Both were silent.  A certain necessity, not fully appar- ent, stirred in these moments, like an- other atmosphere, another air to breathe, something in its effect more potent than speech, to which speech was inadequate. Pomeroy found that he was strangely nervous, even a little embarrassed.  He was uncertain and without confi- dence, His gaze wavered, and his eyes     dropped from hers, passing to the smile on her lips, apprehending the faint suggestive droop of her head, the little pulsing rhythm of her breathing visible in a slight filling and contraction of her slender throat. She seemed to wait, to want, to expect.  Almost in fear he put out his hand and his fingers touched hers. She did not push his hand away but urged him with a swift responding pressure. His uncertainty passed; his assurance was given life. He drew her toward him, his arms enclosed her, and he kissed her.  A second later he was whispering his only half-believed fears;  "Dear," he said, "you're so young; you need a young lover. I've come too late and you only imagine that you can care for me. In a few years I'll be an old man--you'll have to forget me!"  She did not answer, but touched his face with languorous fingers and each caress astonished him with its given de- light. Little by little he began to accept the miracle, this recrudesence of old joys, the new youth, the fabulous rena- scence of dreams. His mild spirit found even a certain justification in it; he had been too kind to women and they too clever for him. He recalled, in an in- stant of recollection, the undeserved pain that had come from his former wife. Close to this young girl in the charmed prison of her arms, a mystical understanding seemed to reveal itself, a law of life about to be fulfilled, that- assured him at last a compensation, a weighing in the other side of the scales, earned pleasure for pain.  Presently their conversation was re- newed and they began to confide the in- timacies of their lives. She was very discontented, sometimes she was almost hopeless. Her mother, the woman of strange faiths, lived in another world and was in no sense a companion. She suffered from being alone; she had known moments of profound despair.  "I'll take you away from all this," he said.  But her confessions made her a little melancholy and when he arose to go,