ADVERTISING Diamonds Watches on Credit All the new fancy engraved and pierced Dia-mond Rings are shown in our Catalog. For elegance and artistic beauty, our Diamond Kings are unsurpassed. LOFTIS BROS. &amp; CO. The House of Worth-While Gifts on Credit Every article listed in our large Catalog is specially selected and priced unusu-ally low. Whatever you select will be sent prepaid. You see and examine the article right in your own hands. If satisfied, pay one-fifth of purchaseprice and keep it; bal-ance divided into eight equal amounts, payable monthly. For Christmas Presents Diamond Rings Solitaire.....$25.00 up Loftis Solitaire Diamond Cluster Rings .....100.00 up Diamond La Vallieres..... 10.00 up Diamond pet Cameo La Vallieres..... 12.00 up Diamond Brooches.....7.00 up Diamond Ear Screws..... 25.00 up Diamond Studs..... 10.00 up Signet Rings Diamond-set..... 10.00 up Emblem Rings..... 7.00 up Cameo La Vallieres, Diamond-set ..... 12.00 up We Can Fill Any Requirement Send for Free Jewelry Catalog Make Your Selections and Have as Many Articles as You Wish Charged in One Account LIBERTY BONDS ACCEPTED The easiest, most conven-ient way to make handsome, worth-while presents is to send for our Catalog, make your selections in the quiet of your own home, and have everything charged to one account. By this plan you can make very little ready money supply all your gifts. Our diamonds are distinctive in beauty and of great brilliancy. For Christmas Presents Diamond Scarf Pins, Loftis Solitaire Diamond Clusters.....$100.00 up Diamond Cuff Links..... 5.00 up Diamond Scarf Pins..... 8.00 up Pearl Necklaces, with Diamond-set Clasp..... 8.50 up Wrist Watches, gold filled..... 22.00 up Watches, gold filled..... 10.00 up Bracelet., solid gold..... 12.00 up Cameo Rings, Diamond-set..... 18.00 up Vest Chains, solid gold..... 12.00 up We Can Fill Any Requirement Order Today Don't Delay LOFTIS BROS &amp; CO. estb. 1858 National Credit Jewelers Dept.G 896, 108 N. Stats St, Chicago, Ill. STORES IN LEADING CITIES We Prepay Shipping Charges   SYNCOPATION BY LELAND A BOOK OF INDECORUM BY THE EDITOR OF VERVE CLOTH $2[1] the PUBLISHERS The Poetry-Drama Co Boston   ONE WAY TO BEAUTY It is yours if you will use Dr. Campbell's Safe Arsenic Com- plexion Wafers: are guaranteed to quickly beautify the complextion, clear-ing the skin of pimples, blackheads, wrinkles, readness and sallow skin. You may have used dozens of others without success, and are discouraged. But test Campbell's wonderful beauty building efficacy. Their cost is trifling- they put you in perfect condition, build up the system, removing all impurities from the blood, the real cause of all skin affecting, Act now- send $1.00 for 20 days' treatment. $3.00 for 3 months' treatment. Mailed in plain cover on receipt of price from the RICHARD FINK CO., Dept. 60, 396 Broadway, N. Y.   Statement of the Ownership, Management, Circulation. Etc., Required by the Act of Congress of August 24, 1912, of Smart Set. Published monthly at New York. N. Y., for October 1st. 1919. State of New York, County of New York, ss. Before me, a Notary Public, in and for the State and county afore-said, personally appeared E. F. Warner, who, having been duly sworn according to law, deposes and says that he is the Business Manager of The Smart Set, and that the following is, to the best of his knowledge and belief, a true statement of the ownership, management. etc., of the aforesaid publica- tion for the date shown in the above caption, required by the Act of August 24th, 1912, embodied in section 443. Postal Laws and Regulations, printed on the reverse of this form, to wit: That the names and addresses of the publisher, editor, managing editor, and business managers are: Publisher, Smart Set Company Inc., 25 West 45th St., New York City: Editors, George Jean Nathan and H. L. Mencken, 26 West 45th St., New York City; Managing Editors, George Jean Nathan and H. L. Mencken. 25 West 45th St., New York City; Business Manager. E. F. Warner, 25 West 45th St., New York City. 2. That the owners are: Smart Set Company, Inc., 26 West 45th St., New York City: E. F. Warner, 25 West 45th St., New York City: George Jean Nathan and H. L. Mencken, 25 West 45th St., New York City: E. F. Crowe, 25 West 45th St. New York City. 3. That the known bondholders, mortgagees, and other security holders owning or holding 1 per cent or more of total amount of bonds, mortgages, or other securities are: W.D. Mann, 8 West 45th St., New York City; Mrs. E. Mann-Vynne, 8 West 45th St., New York City; George Jean Nathan, H.L. Mencken, E F. Warner. 25 West 45th St., New York City: E.F. Crowe, 33 West 42d St., New York City. 4 That the two paragraphs next above, giving the names of the owners, stockholders, and security holders, if any, contain not only the list of stockholders and security holders as they appear upon the books of the company but also, in cases where the stockholder or security-holder appears appear on the books of the company as trustee or in any other fiduciary relation, the name of the person or corporation for whom such trustee is acting, is given; also that the said two paragraphs contain statements embracing affiant's full knowledge and belief as to the circumstances and conditions under which stockholders and security holders who do not appear upon the books of the com-pany as trustees, hold stock and securities in a capacity other than that of a bona fide owner: and this affiant has no reason to believe that any other person, association, or corporation has any interest direct or indirect in the said stock, bonds, or other securities than as so stated by him. (Signed) E. F. Warner, Business Manager. Sworn to and subscribed before me, this 29th day of September, 1919. [Seal] A W. Sutton, Notary Public, Westchester County. (My commission expires March 30, 1920.)  In answering advertisements, please mention SMART SET