70 REPETITION GENERALE    14  Still More.--A woman declined by the man she loves and seeking sanctu- ary and solace in the embraces of her second choice is rarely the unhappy creature that common delusion insists she is. It is not the woman, but the second choice, for whom Tragi- comedy, enwrapt in deceptive satins, waits open-armed in the wings.  15  More Still.--It is not the fact that Arthur Schnitzler acutely understands women that makes his plays so un- usually interesting, but the fact that he acutely understands his fellow man's understanding of women. In this dif- ference lies at once the secret of the humour and the secret of the pathos of the very talented doctor's writings.  16  On Music.--Of all forms of the up- lift, perhaps the most futile is that which addresses itself to educating the proletariat in music. The theory be- hind it is that a taste for music is an elevating passion, and that if the great masses of the plain people could be in- noculated with it they would cease to herd into the moving-picture theaters, or to listen to Socialists, or to beat their wives and children. The defect in this theory lies in the fact that such a taste, granting it to be elevating, simply can- not be implanted. Either it is born in a man or it is not born in him. If it is, then he will get gratification for it at whatever cost--he will hear music if hell freezes over. But if it isn't, then no amount of education will ever change him--he will remain stone deaf until the last sad scene on the gallows.  No child who has this congenital taste ever has to be urged or tempted or taught to love music. It takes to tone inevitably and irresistibly; nothing can restrain it. What is more, it always tries to make music, for the delight in sounds is invariably accompanied by a     great desire to produce them. I have never encountered an exception to this rule. All genuine music-lovers try to make music. They may do it badly, and even absurdly, but nevertheless they do it. Any man who pretends to a delight in the tone-art and yet has never learned the scale of C major-- any and every such man is a fraud. The opera-houses of the world are crowded with such liars. You will even find hundreds of them in the con- cert-halls, though here the suffering they have to undergo to keep up their pretense is almost too much for them to bear. Many of them, true enough, de- ceive themselves. They are honest in the sense that they credit their own buncombe. But it is buncombe none the less.  Music, of course, has room for philanthropy. The cost of giving an orchestral concert is so great that ordinary music-lovers could not often pay for it. Here the way is open for rich backers, most of whom have no more ear for music than so many Chinamen. Nearly all the opera of the world is so supported. A few rich and socially ambitious cads pay the bills, their wives posture obscenely in the boxes, and the genuine music-lovers up- stairs and down enjoy the more or less harmonious flow of sound. But this business doesn't make music-lovers. It merely gives pleasure to music-lovers who already exist. In twenty-five years, I am sure, the Metropolitan Opera Company hasn't converted a single music-hater. On the contrary, it has probably disgusted and alienated many thousands of faint-hearted quasi- music-lovers, i.e., persons with no more than the most nebulous taste for music--so nebulous that one or two evenings of tremendous gargling by fat tenors is enough to kill it altogether.  In the United States the number of genuine music-lovers is probably very low. There are whole states, e.g., Alabama, Arkansas and Idaho, in which it would be difficult to muster a hundred. In New York, I venture, not more than one person in every thou-