128 A JEST IN THE HOUSEHOLD    for experiences even so faint with the great laughing forces upon which Aunt Myrtle had set the frown of denial. And Aunt May would tell her, half angered at herself for being drawn so crassly into the manner of secretive- ness, like a youngster, feeling indeed something of shame, even of complic- ity, before the acrid asperity of Myrtle's disapproval of the story, of William, of Carrie and May.  Myrtle would draw away from May, would shun her brother and his wife, to hover about Grandma throughout the evening, manoeuvring for the fav- orable instant.  As Myrtle bent above her, Grandma would say, "Oh, get out!"  For an instant her provoked tone would be corroborated by the bashful- ness of her expression.  Then calmly she would put the mask aside and sit staring above folded hands, and in the far vision of her old opaque eyes was smiling envy but no regret. A wise, amused, and some- what sad gaze that came to her often as she sat beside the cot of Corinne.     On such nights as this little reminiscent chuckles, like hiccoughs, would shake the old woman. They piqued the cu- riosity of the little girl. She would lie as if bound till of a sudden the dutiful pretence of going to sleep would be rent by a giggle.  "Close your peepers, now," Grandma would say, and there was silence till her own chuckle was again answered from the small bed, a ripple of sniggers, evoked by no more than the shadow of mirth, by the suspicion that there was fun afoot, mysteriously, somewhere.  In all the bedrooms there was un- heard response; chuckles filled the house--the coy chuckles of Carrie, the amused chuckles of Aunt May, the mortified cachinnation of Myrtle. Chuckles that pervaded the house like waves of silence, were unheard yet filled it as the sleepy clack of hens fills the roost, spreading out and out, unit- ing the women each in her loneness as William, bluff and unsuspecting, went his challenging rounds of doors and windows.     Fragment  By Sara Haardt LOVE is a wild thing-- It frightens white flowers, It warms cold hearts, Red roses quiver near its fierceness. Love is a gentle thing-- It smooths velvet petals, It softens gray hearts, Pansies remember it in their breath.