AUNT IDA 113    ate. Aunt Ida's son, Joe, went to Den- ver on business and Aunt Ida, all alone, gave up her apartment and moved to the Clifton, where, in two tiny rooms and bath, she was near her many rela- tives and quite comfortable.  Now--if Andrew was only sensible, Aunt Ida could have come in for a meal with them, occasionally, as she did with the rest of the folks. Not often--not more than once a week or so. Living in a hotel is lonely. Of course, Aunt Ida had the rest of the family--but Ethyl disliked being the one member who could not invite her. It made her seem apart, different. So she got into the habit of dropping into the Clifton, when she knew Aunt Ida would be at home, talking to her, spending perhaps an hour. She liked seeing Aunt Ida, partly out of family fondness, partly be- cause she felt that she was doing some- thing Andrew objected to.  Ethyl dropped in to the Clifton to see Aunt Ida one Thursday afternoon on her way home from a bridge party. Her dinner was to be picked up at the deli- catessen store on her way home, so she didn't have to hurry about that--she hated cooking. Aunt Ida was at home and they had a pleasant little talk about the Carlson babies, who were getting over the mumps, about Jennie's engage- ment to a naval lieutenant, about the dinner Mary had given for Birdie Rogers. She kissed Aunt Ida good-bye quite warmly as she left, making no reference to Andrew's taste in the mat- ter of disliking in-laws. Then she tripped out--a very successful little visit.  In the lobby of the hotel, Ethyl met Jack Wilson, who was just coming in. She had known Jack for years and thought him a fine fellow, always jolly and polite. They talked for a few min- utes, standing near the desk as Jack asked for his mail.  "Which way you going?" asked Jack. "I'm going right home. I'm late as anything, now."  "You won't mind if I walk home with you? Too nice to go up to my room, weather like this."     "A block or two, not more than that. I've got some marketing to do and my husband--you don't know that man. If I walked home with a man he didn't know and he saw me--well, it wouldn't be safe, that's all."  So Jack Wilson walked part of the way home with Ethyl and they chatted about people they knew, plays they had seen, a new neighborhood moving pic- ture house.  When she had dismissed Wilson, Ethyl hurried into the nearest delica- tessen shop, bought some cold sliced tongue, some potato salad, baked beans in a little tin--one of the "specialties" of that particular shop--a few pickles and olives, a slice of raisin cake.  Andrew was there, when she got in- to the apartment. She heard him mov- ing about in the living room.  "Hello, dear," she called carelessly.  Andrew didn't answer.  She dropped her packages on the dining room table and hurried in to him.  "What's the matter, dear, not feeling well?"  She looked at his face. It was dark with anger, but there was something else there, too, a sort of triumph.  Ethyl looked at him, amazed.  "Whatever's the matter, Andrew?" she asked.  "You--you," he sputtered, and point- ed a finger at her.  She giggled. He couldn't be as angry as he looked. He must be fooling.  "What has got into you? What are you making faces for? And pointing at me? Cat got your tongue?"  Andrew grew a trifle calmer.  "Where were you, today, Ethyl?" he asked, slowly.  "Me? Where was I? Why, I went to Lucy McGibney's to play bridge. I told you I was going."  "Tell me the truth. It's too late for lies."  "What do you mean? That is the truth."  "Then--you went no place else?"  Ethyl remembered Aunt Ida.  She'd forgotten that. Aunt Ida had   S.S.- Dec.8