72 REPETITION GENERALE    off as before. The American colo- nies, for at least twenty-five years after the Revolution, were act- ually in much worse case than they had been under the English. Their government was more expensive, more inefficient and more tyrannical. It was only the gradual material prog- ress of the new nation that saved the day, and that progress, it is very prob- able, would have been witnessed quite as well under the old system.  The ideal is a government which lets the individual alone. In other words, the ideal is a government which just barely escapes not being a government at all. This ideal, I believe, will be realized about eighty centuries after I have died and escaped to hell.  20  Great Scenes from Rotten Plays, III.--A great scene from the celebrated     "Lost in London," by Watts Phillips:  NELLY. Oh! fool! fool! that I have been to listen to the voice of the tempter, and oh! accursed vanity of woman that gave to that voice such power! (she draws letter from bosom, opens it, and appears to read a few lines--the letter falls from her hands, which she raises for a moment, then presses con- vulsively to her bosom) Leave him! leave him for ever! I cannot! No, I cannot do it! (footsteps are heard outside door, and the latch is moved as by some one about to enter) It is Job! He has returned! Job! Job! my husband! (she rushes up stage to- wards door, but recoils with a cry as it opens, and Gilbert Featherstone appears on the threshold) Gilbert Featherstone!  GILBERT. Nelly! (as he advances towards her, she hastily retreats, her hands extended to repel, her face full of alarm).  NELLY. No, no, not a step further! Not a step! I implore! I entreat! (she staggers as about to swoon; Gilbert springs forward and catches her in his arms.)  GILBERT. Nelly! dear Nelly! (he places her in chair, and kneeling at her feet, presses again and again her hand to his lips, as the scene closes.)      Burning Leaves  By George O'Neil  AUTUMN! the green of Summer gone... Smouldering heaps upon the lawn Where stars of oak and spears of pine Shiver to ash and cease to shine. Autumn! air sharpened by the smell Of leaves that budded, sang and fell... Glow dwindling, dying in the rain... Filling my heart--the smoke of pain!   IT is rare to find a male scandal-monger. Perhaps the reason is that men always talk about themselves.