East and West  By Lord Dunsany    IT was dead of night and mid-winter. A frightful wind was bringing sleet from the East. The long sere grasses were wailing. Two specks of light ap- eared on the desolate plain: a man in a hansom cab was driving alone in North China  Alone with the driver and the de- jected horse. The driver wore a good waterproof cape, and of course an oiled silk hat, but the man in the cab wore nothing but evening dress. He did not have the glass door down because the horse fell so frequently, the sleet had put his cigar out and it was too cold to sleep; the two lamps flared in the wind.  By the uncertain light of a candle lamp that flickered inside the cab a manchu shepherd that saw the vehicle pass, where he watched his sheep on the plain in fear of wolves, for the first time saw evening dress. And though he saw it dimly, and what he saw was wet, it was like a backward glance of a thousand years, for as his civilization is so much older than ours they have presumably passed through all that kind of thing.  He watched it stoically, not wonder- ing at a new thing, if indeed it be new to China, meditated on it awhile in a manner strange to us, and when he had added to his philosophy what little could be derived from the sight of this hansom cab, returned to his contem- plation of that night's chances of wolves and to such occasional thoughts as he drew at times for his comfort out of the legends of China, that have been reserved for such uses. And on such a night their comfort was greatly need- ed.  He thought of the legend of a     dragon-lady, more fair than the flowers are, without an equal amongst daugh- ters of men, humanly lovely to look on although her sire was a dragon, yet one who traced his descent from gods of the elder days, and so it was that she went in all her ways divine, like the earliest ones of her race, who were bolder than the emperor.  She had come down one day out of her little land, a grassy valley hidden amongst the mountains; by the way of the mountain passes she came down, and the rocks of the rugged pass rang like little bells about her, as her bare feet went by, like silver bells to please her: and the sound was like the sound of the dromedaries of a prince when they come home at evening--their sil- ver bells are ringing and the village- folk are glad.  She had come down to pick the en- chanted poppy that grew, and grows to this day--if only men might find it-- in a field at the feet of the mountains, if one should pick it happiness would come to all yellow men, victory with- out fighting, good wages and ceaseless ease. She came down all fair from the mountains: and as the legend pleasant- ly passed through his mind in the bit- terest hour of the night, which comes before dawn, two lights appeared and another hansom went by.  The man in the second cab was dressed the same as the first, he was wetter than the first for the sleet had fallen all night, but evening dress is evening dress all the world over. The driver wore the same oiled hat, the same waterproof cape as the other. And when the cab had passed the darkness swirled back where the two small lamps   41