156 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine toss a coin and take the conse- quences. All joking aside, however, although some people are inclined to look upon the time-honored honey- moon custom as an upsetting ordeal, many young couples feel it is the ideal way to begin married life. Most people feel that there is a rare sweetness and a feeling of ela- tion in going away from the rest of the world, if only for a short time. On the other hand, many young married couples would probably find just as much joy in marriage if they started housekeeping immediately after the wedding ceremony. Responsible jobs, of course, can- not very well be left hanging in mid- air. But don't you think, my dear, that some one else could look after the more important details of your work until you returned? If the responsibility of your job worries you, perhaps you could go away for only two weeks, or start in house- keeping at once and make week-ends your special kind of honeymoon holiday. Dear Mrs. Brown: At nineteen, when I was a telegraph messenger boy, I started going with a girl of sixteen. I worked my- self up until, at twenty-one, I became a commercial telegraph operator. The salary was good, and I thought I was old enough to get married. I proposed to my girl friend, and was accepted. The position I held, however, was a little too heavy for one of my short experience, and the consequences were that I worried about it so much that I was obliged to give it up. This, of course, changed all my plans regarding marriage, and I de- cided to try my luck in a distant State. Through a misunderstanding in our let- ters, my sweetheart and I broke our en- gagement, and we both started going out with other friends. When I returned home a year later, I met her again, and some- how we made up. For a year everything ran smoothly, although I was not working steadily and we couldn't get married. A few weeks ago my fiancee went visit- ing out of town, and having nothing bet- ter to do, I went to a skating rink where I met a girl with whom, I think, I fell in love. Recently, this girl admitted that she cared for me, and has offered to give up all her other boy friends if I would break my engagement. But how can I do that, Mrs. Brown? I know that my fiancee loves me, and I would hate to hurt her. The question is, should I break off with her and take a chance on wrecking our lives, or would that be too selfish? I am still very fond of my fiancée and will always consider her a very fine person. We might marry, and I could try to make her happy, but do you think that it would work out? My new girl friend doesn't care whether I have a job or not. She says that my future prospects make no difference in her affection for me. I have tried to find out how my fiancee would feel if we were to break up again, but she wouldn't even dis- cuss it. Don't you think that she would forget me in time? I feel sure that your opinion will be of great value to me. Steve. As an engaged man, no matter what the circumstances, you are not being fair to your fiancee if you date another girl. If you are very sure that you no longer care for the girl you're en- gaged to, it would be nothing less than sheer folly to go ahead with the marriage. Better to hurt her now, than let her gradually realize that she does not possess your love. It is tragic when, after a five-year courtship, a young couple are nearer a breaking point than the consum- mation of their hopes and dreams. On the other hand, if you take stock and try to analyze your emo- tions, as well as your mental atti- tude, you may find that what seems to be love is merely the kind of mutual attraction that often springs up without the slightest warning between two young people whose tastes are mutual. I suggest that you stop seeing this other girl for a few months before you take any serious steps toward breaking your engagement. 