Cause For Divorce 95 her fingers free. "I- I wasn't think- ing of coats or anything else but how far away trouble seemed and- and-" The car grated to a stop. Put- ting his fingers beneath Kathy s chin, Wade raised her face to his. "And what, Kathy?" he asked. "What else were you thinking? You touched me with your hand. I didn't ask you to do it, and you didn't know you were doing it. For the first time in all these months, you wanted to touch me. I want to know why?" And because, beneath the gaze of his steady eyes, Kathy felt as she had felt beneath his kiss, helpless and spineless and weak, she an- swered him truthfully as a child might have: "I was thinking it was as though you and I were alone in eternity, and how peaceful it was, and how sweet. And I just wanted to touch you, that was all. Just without any reason." And she added, irritable and pettish, too, as a child might have done: "I'm sorry you hated it so. I won't do it again." Listening, Wade's dark eyes were like flames. There were red spots burning high on his thin dark cheeks. He leaned toward her. For an instant, Kathy thought he was going to kiss her again, and fought against that wild something inside her that wished he would. Steeled herself against it, for very shame. But he didn't, and the car was on its way climbing, climbing. Twilight deepened into night. The road rose higher and higher. Climbed to meet the moon and the stars. Turned at last into a graveled driveway, that darted, like a white tongue, from beneath an arched concrete mouth. Kathy climbed to the ground, and while Wade ran the car into a garage, and locked the doors, she stood, staring, wide-eyed, at the little jewel of a house before her. A white jewel of a house, so white and shining that the moon- light seemed to come from it, and not from the moon at all. There was an arched door with a honey- suckle vine over it, and a lock that Wade opened, to let the warm odor of a closed house out to greet her, and, as she followed him over the sill, there were lights popping on, and doors being flung open, and more honeysuckle, filling the whole house with its heady fragrance. At the end of a soft-carpeted hallway, glass doors opened onto a white pillared portico, that held the star-dotted sky as in a frame, and listening, Kathy could hear the swish-swish of water, carrying the thought of beauty with it, like the soft rustle of a woman's skirts. Kathy's voice was a hush of de- light, and her hand caught at her throat for the wonder that filled it. "It's beautiful!" she cried. "It's dream land. It's love land!" She hardly knew she had spoken, until Wade's harsh laugh brought her back to herself with a jerk. "Worth a fur coat, is it?" he jeered, and his face was white be- neath its tan, and Kathy thought suddenly, almost forgetting the hurt of his words, that he looked ill and strange. She noticed how his hands shook, and how wild his eyes were, and shivered in sudden foreboding, as his hands, pulling her toward him, burned through the thin sleeves of her dress. "I didn't mean that, Kathy," he said hoarsely. "I didn't want to say that at all, I've got a rotten head- ache. I've had one all day, and what you said just now hit me on the raw. This house is a dream house. I built it of dreams that never came true. It was meant for 