52 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine But I shrank from taking the risk of shattering his illusions about me. My thoughts flashed to the only other person I knew to ask for help. Oliver! He would have plenty of money. But I dared not go to him. He was still my guardian. He still had the power to stop the wedding. Yet there would be no wedding if the picture was shown at the smoker, I told myself wretchedly. Not only would I be sure to lose Don! But with so many of his col- lege friends there, together with his associates in the consular service, he would undoubtedly be dropped from his career with dishonor for having been engaged to a girl whose picture was featured in the smoker circuit! My heart thumped miserably. Oh, I had to do something! Desperately, I stared at the fur- tive eyes watching me. "There's only one way I can get you the money, only I can't get it to-day. To-morrow I'll be eighteen, and I'll come into what I've inherited from my father. I'll have to give you a note, due to-morrow. You can take it to my guardian then, and he'll have to pay you out of my money. There's only one thing-" I hesi- tated, in a panic of doubt and fear. But it was my only chance. "You'll have to promise not to get in touch with him until to-morrow. It wouldn't do you any good anyway. You wouldn't get your money till then. Besides, I -I'm hiding from him. He mustn't know where I am under any circumstances. I'll have to be sure of that before I give you his name." "Oh, you can trust me, sister," the man vowed solemnly. "I've got no wish to get you in trouble, only these days you can't blame a guy for picking up a little money wher- ever he can. I promise you on any- thing you want to name that I won't go to your guardian till to-morrow. Why, I couldn't leave here before two or three o'clock to-night if I wanted to. The smoker will last that long, and between now and then I've got to rig up a screen and some sort of a projecting booth. No, this is on the level, see?" Then, as I hesitated uncertainly, he added: Here's your film. He took a round flat tin box from his brief case and held it so I could see the sticker on top while he pointed to the printed title: "She Hung Her Clothes On A Hickory Tree." Then, still keeping it tor- mentingly out of my reach, he opened the container and unwound several feet of film, holding it up to the light for me to see. One glance made my face burn with shame and dismay. Frantically, I turned and ran across the room to the desk, snatch- ing up a pen and a sheet of paper. In a frenzy of haste I wrote a note to Oliver, directing him to pay the bearer one thousand dollars, and dating it for the next day. The film peddler stood over me watching closely until he had the note in his greedy hands. Another moment and he was gone, leaving the film coiled on the desk like a viper. Frenziedly, I gathered it up in a blind panic to destroy it at once. Burn it! Burn it! My brain or- dered desperately. I scarcely breathed for fear some one would pass me as I raced down to the base- ment, where after hunting fran- tically, I found some matches in a wall case above the laundry stove. A moment later, the wretched strip of celluloid vanished with a bright flare in the laundry tubs. I was glad Don had to go to the smoker that night. It would give 