Reckless Bride 41 came along. Oh, Don, how did you ever happen to find me?" I stared up at him breathlessly. He laughed grimly. "I was hunt- ing you, darling. I've been doing little else the last three weeks. I was in torture, not knowing what Oliver had done with you, but I couldn't find the least trace of you. I've been back to the inn at least twenty times but the manager swore he hadn't seen either of you since you left that night. The last few days I've had to be in Washington getting final instructions before sail- ing, and I just got back this morn- ing. I stopped at home long enough to learn if there had been any word from you, then I'drove up here again. I was determined to find you before I sailed. I went to the inn once again, but I got the same an- swer as before. I knew Betty Long's camp was closed, but I wasn't leaving any stone unturned to find you. I was on my way there when I saw you run across the road. I couldn't believe it was you, but I had to make sure. I'm sorry if I scared you half to death, dear!" He strained me convulsively against him, pressing his lips tenderly over my face. "I thought you were the police," I murmured, shuddering. He gave a start, his mouth tight- ening. "Say, that's right! There's no telling how soon they'll be after you. But this time they re not go- ing to find you!" There was a ring of triumph in his deep voice as he picked me up in his arms and strode through the bushes and up the bank. His big roadster was standing in the road, and the familiar sight of it was a quick thrill. Nothing could overtake us now! My blood sang in my veins as he lifted me in, then quickly leaped in beside me. With a quick twist of his strong brown hands on the wheel, he whirled the car around and sent it speeding down the pike the way he had come. With a sigh of content I lay back in the deep seat, limp, half be- wildered with the wonderful reality of his nearness after the terrific anx- iety of trying to reach him. Yet in- side I was still tense with apprehen- sion that lay like a cold shadow on my heart. Suppose I would only be the means of bringing him trouble that would ruin his career! "Oh, Don, where can you hide me so Oliver won't find me?" I asked breathlessly against the stiff breeze of our rushing. "That's something I'll have to fig- ure out by the time we reach New York," he said thoughtfully. "But don't you worry about that, dear. You just leave everything to your husband." With a confident little laugh, he cuddled me close against him with one warm arm so that I couldn't see anything but the wall of his big shoulders and the profile of his face above the wheel. A thrill of hot, uprushing joy swept everything else from my mind. It was just as it had been the night of our elopement. Only now, every- thing, every moment was more precious for the weeks of separation that had gone between. The com- plete wonder of our love would only be the more poignant, the more overwhelmingly sweet for the anguish of our waiting. Dusk had deepened into night be- fore we finally reached New York. As we drove through the brightly lighted streets, my heart was beating a wild tattoo of mounting excite- ment. Yet each time we had to stop for traffic I went weak with ter- ror. Every pedestrian that glanced at us in casual interest, every face 