The Friend In Need 157 Any girl seriously interested in a young man would be concerned about his prospects and anxious to see that he got ahead in life. Dear Mrs. Brown: I am fifteen years old, and my parents are very strict with me. They say I am too young to go out with boys, but I am allowed to have the crowd come up to my house. When I am invited to a dance, I always refuse because I haven't a boy friend I could ask to take me. There is a social club my parents want me to join. It' a church organization, and after the meet- ings the boys and girls dance and have a good time together. But all the girls have their boy friends there, and I would feel terribly out of place without one. A few of the boys haven't girl friends, but I'm not allowed to have boy friends. I don't go anywhere, and even though my parents say I can have all my friends over, I know so few. The girls I do know all have boy friends. At times I feel so bad I think I'll never have any friends. My parents told me that I can have dates when I am seventeen, but by that time I probably won't have any friends at all, if I don't get around now. Do you think I should join this club, Mrs. Brown? Perhaps this will sound very silly, but so many girls of my age have boy friends that I feel sort of left out. I could sneak out to make friends with some boys, but my parents would find it out and then they wouldn't let me out at all. Do you think I should go to this club with a girl? Thank you in advance for any advice you give me. Marjorie. By all means join the club, child, especially if your parents want you to. If you feel shy about going alone, why not take a girl friend with you? That will help you to feel less self-conscious. Your parents are quite right. You have plenty of time for boy friends. Girls of your age can find many in- teresting things to do without fol- lowing in the footsteps of much older girls in order to have some fun. Since you have your parents per- mission to invite your friends to your home, you might give a little informal party once in a while and tell the girls you know to bring some of their friends. This will help you to widen your circle of friends. It's natural for girls of your age to want friends and good times, but you should be careful what sort of friends you choose and what kind of good times you go in for. You will never go wrong by obeying your parents. Dear Mrs. Brown: I would like to say a few words to Perplexed, whose letter re- cently appeared in your column. I feel that I have been very lucky, and perhaps my letter will be of help to her. I have been engaged to a boy for three years. He is also crippled, although not so badly that he can't work at any job. His handicap is due to infantile paralysis. When we became engaged he had a job, but didn't have a cent saved. But when he had a nice sum in the bank, he got sick and had a hard time. He wrote me from the hospital and told me that we'd have to part, as he thought I wouldn't care to be tied to a sick man. But I didn't feel that way at all, Mrs. Brown, and I knew how he felt about being crippled. I've stuck by him for three years, and now we expect to be married soon. Here's what I want to say to Perplexed: She and her fiance ought to get together and talk things over. After my fiance spent all his money on doctors bills, his father offered to help him take a course in radio work. Jim went to a school in Chicago, and was told that in our State the gov- ernment offered a course of this kind and others free to the crippled. Jim came back, and upon investigation found this to be true, and that the same thing is done in other States, also, though we don't know if all the States do this. Jim is now taking up printing, and as soon as he is finished he has a job waiting for him in a newspaper-publishing house. If Perplexed will tell her friend to find out what can be done, perhaps he can take a course of some kind that will enable him to work without using his feet all the time, and it will also give him a chance to prove his love for her. I know how you feel about your boy friend, Perplexed, but if you stand by and try to help find a way for both of you, it will bring you closer to each other and you'll be very happy. 