62 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine heart. Six months later, mother died, crushed. I faced the world alone. I had worshiped my dad, and" -the slate gray eyes brooded, bitterly- "I swore I'd have my re- venge, and got that money, my money, back! Oh, I tried the law, but it was no use. The gang had covered the evidence. And they're still at the same old game, robbing whenever they can. Now I've a chance to burn them up! Danger means nothing to me!" Paula felt a swift stab of pity. Young and so desperate! "I've laid my plans well." He was staring unseeingly at the town they were whizzing past. "The gang is operating in Mexico, with blinds in California. I've learned, no mat- ter how, that almost the exact sum they stole from us, will be in this bank in Santa Barbara for a few hours some day soon, until it can be divided. I'm going to get that money -mine- or die for it!" In spite of herself, Paula felt a thrill of excitement. She loved to live daringly, scent danger in the air. And with this handsome bandit- Her head, with its gold-brown hair flying, was up, her delicate nostrils wide. "Where do I come in on this?" she asked swiftly. "You are to be nice to the cashier of that bank, find out which day the money will be there. You are the only girl in the whole world who can do that, because Eric Kendall is in love with you!" Paula almost lost control of the wheel. "No," she cried furiously. "Not Eric Kendall! I won't do it! So that is the bank, and Eric-" "Oh, but you will!" Red broke in masterfully. "A year ago, you visited in Santa Barbara, and Eric fell madly in love with you. You had a wonderful time together. You seemed to care for him. Re- member?" Remember? She could see Eric's blond head and broad shoulders, his well-groomed air of the prosperous young business man. There had been tennis tournaments and horse races at the smart country club, the green strips of sward, sun shining, pennants flying from the grand- stand; herself in a white dress with orange coat, the breeze on Eric's hair. Dances, too, in the open air pavilion, the feel of Eric holding her close, the perfume of thousands of California's sensuous carnations, and Eric making love to her, beg- ging her passionately to stay and marry him. Yes, Eric was attrac- tive, and with his bold, complacent way, would be successful. "You're thinking of him now," said Red, as if he read her mind. "When you see him again, the affair may click. You ran away from him last year, you came home to marry the millionaire, Monty Lewis, to please your uncle. But you don't love Monty; he doesn't stir you! Not exciting enough. you're sec- retly longing for some one else!" Paula gasped. How did he know all this? "I did want to please Uncle Jerry. He has done everything for me!" "Sure." The strange slate-gray eyes looked into hers. "But if you had really loved Eric, as a girl like you is capable of loving, you wouldn't have thought of that! You would have gone straight as a die to your man!" What a strange conversation with a bandit who had kidnaped her! Talking of love! And yet, with his fascinating, compelling eyes, and the lines almost gone from his face, he could have been a lover worthy of any girl, if fate had dealt with him differently. 