34 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine Dell knew that she was not close to hysterics. She hadn't uttered a sound. She told him so. Only she seemed to have to shriek to make herself heard. "I won't go. I can't go. I can't move." He pulled her roughly to her feet, and half dragged her outside. Then they ran. At first Dell stumbled again and again. But gradually, as the blood began to circulate, she could run without stumbling. Her legs grew tired. Her whole body seemed weak, as if her blood had turned to water. She began to drag back, making him pull her. He warned her twice, then stopped and slapped her, a stinging blow on the face. It cleared her head like magic. For an instant they glared at each other, and then Tommy dragged her forward again. In that instant she hated him. Hated him as she had never hated Martin, even when he had been holding her prisoner in the shanty. "Either you run," he told her grimly, "or there'll be more of those." Somehow she knew he meant it, and she ran. But she hated him. After a long while she began to beg him to let her stop. The cold in- side her had abated. It no longer seemed unbearable. But fatigue had taken its place. He let her walk then. But he would not let her stop altogether. And she was afraid of him. She had never seen him like that before. Even in her misery, she thrilled to his mastery. After what seemed to Dell like hours of walking and running, Tommy stopped at the shanty and told Martin to come out. Martin refused, and there was a short fight. Then Tommy dragged him out, and mercilessly forced him to walk with them. After that the grind went on. Twice Dell slumped to the ice in a heap. But each time Tommy dragged her brutally to her feet and made her go on. She welcomed each of Martin's rebellions, because they gave her a chance to rest. Vaguely she realized that Tommy was doing this to save her life, to keep her from freezing. Yet she did not want to live. She did not care. Life was too miserable, too horrible just now, to be borne. All night long they traveled up and down that ice flow. Dell grew gradually more and more sleepy, until it seemed as if she could not hold her eyes open. It seemed in- credible that she should go to sleep on her feet, yet several times she came close to it. Each time, Tommy shook her awake. "You can't go to sleep," he stormed at her. "If you do, you'll never wake up. Get hold of your- self, will you? Try to help me." Dell hated him. She hated him fiendishly for making her run and walk, and for keeping her awake. Once she caught herself thinking that when they came near the edge of the flow, it would be easy to shove him off. Just a tiny push would do it. He was almost tottering. With a little shudder, she realized that she was thinking about murder. The disgust she felt for herself, brought her wide awake for long minutes. She lost track of time. In a way that was blessed. She only knew that the fog did not lift when it was light again, and that again it grew dark. Sometimes they rested, but always Tommy forced them up again. Brutally made them get onto their feet and stumble along. The hunger was worse. They stopped often at the edge of the flow to drink. Dell noticed that now 