Extra Sheer 21 fought with all her will to keep from fainting. Derek! She must remember that she was doing this for Derek! "Like to take a look at the morn- ing paper?" cackled the talkative old bridegroom-elect. Limply, Fran accepted the crum- pled sheet. She held the newspaper for a time, not even looking at it. She was horribly aware of Bill's shoulder against hers. Suddenly she felt Bill stiffen. He made a lunge for the newspaper, but he was too late. Fran's eyes had caught a glimpse of the front page. "Oh!" she gasped. She snatched the paper away from Bill's clutching hand. On the front page was a picture. Derek, in his King Louis costume! "Scion of Wealthy House Jailed," was the heading. Under the picture of an interior shot of the museum, was the text: "Derek van Erp Steals Wax Figure." Beside that was an old snapshot of Derek in his polo costume. Fran's eyes blurred with fury. "So! You sold Derek out any- way! After you'd promised!" "You're the next couple!" cackled the old fellow, coming back with his license in his hand. "Fran, I can explain!" Bill was licking his dry lips. "So can I!" Fran's hand shot out and she slapped Bill resoundingly across the face! A startled gasp went over the room. Fran didn't notice. She was fum- bling her way out of the place. She was crying horribly. She blundered blindly into some one who was run- ning pell-mell down the corridor. "Fran! Fran darling!" Loving arms closed about her. "Fran, I'm not too late? You haven't married that rotter!" Fran blinked back her tears. "Derek!" She whispered his name. She clung to him. "Oh, Derek, I didn't tell about you. I would have died, rather than have anybody find out. I was going to marry Bill to keep him from telling. I-" "So that was it!" Derek's voice was grim. "Darling, I've been tracing-" "No loitering in the halls, if you please!" said a harsh, official voice. Hastily, Derek released Fran. "Come on, dear," he said. "I've a cab waiting outside." "Can can we afford a taxi?" Fran asked doubtfully, as she got in. "Oh, my sweet!" He drew her close. He laid his face against hers. "I've been tracing you, ever since I got out of jail, early this morning. My uncle Laurence's lawyer got me out, the first thing. I paid forty dollars for the dog-goned mandarin. That got me free." "Oh!" sobbed Fran. "All your money! And it was my fault for giving the figure to you. I thought I was helping and-" "Where do you want to go? If anywhere?" asked the taxi driver in a disagreeable tone. "Drive around. Central Park. Anywhere!" Derek was kissing Fran tumultuously. "You were helping me, darling!" he assured her fatuously. "Uncle Laurence thought I was all Van Erp. He's my mother's brother, you see. And he disliked the girl I was going to marry. And he thought I was the sort of man who would sink un- der adverse conditions. And when he saw that article in the newspaper he was delighted! He came and looked me up, right away. Dear, he's giving me a job in his office. A real job, with lots of money. There's only one condition. I have to keep the wax-works museum, and 