50 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine best to call it off, but Jimmie in- formed me that everything's set. A lot of our fraternity brothers are coming out from Philadelphia and New York, and several of the men in the State Department are com- ing up from Washington. So there's no possible way I can get out of go- ing, since I'm the guest of honor. Do you mind very much, dear?" he asked anxiously. "Of course I'll mind," I laughed ruefully. "But as long as it can't be helped, I'll go to bed early and get a beauty sleep." "As though you needed it!" He caught me close in his arms. "You'll be the most beautiful little bride a man ever had, darling! He buried his face in my hair, my throat, kiss- ing me as though he could never kiss me enough. Suddenly, just behind us, there was a step on the terrace. Startled, we drew apart in confusion. Then, with a gasp, I realized we had been off our guard just once too often. For a strange man was outside the window, a swarthy, beetle-browed individual who stood watching us curiously. How long he had been there I didn't know. I darted back of the curtain, trembling in terror as Don whirled on him. "Well, what do you want?" he de- manded shortly. "Why don't you go to the front door and ring the bell?" The man shrugged. "What's the use of bothering? I heard your voices and I came around to see if this is Mr. Rand's place. I'm fur- nishing the entertainment for a smoker he's giving to-night." "It's across the road," Don said briefly. "You go on over. I'll fol- low you in a minute." With a mumbled "Thanks," the stranger went down the steps and across the lawns. Don turned to me and pulled me from my hiding place. "Why, you're trembling like a leaf, dear!" he said anxiously. "Oh, that man saw me!" I panted nervously. "I'm afraid he's a de- tective from Oliver!" Don shook his head. "No, he's exactly what he said. I've seen him before at smokers, and I don't par- ticularly like the type of entertain- ment he supplies, either. But it's Jimmie's party, so I have nothing to say. Well, I promised to show the fellow what's to be done in preparation, so I'll have to go now. I'll be back here after a while, but in the meantime I'm going to finish my packing so I'll be ready to sail to- morrow." He caught me close, his heart leaping in his eager eyes. "To- morrow just think of that, dar- ling!" He kissed me, a swift, hot kiss that throbbed with exultation, a kiss that promised everything in life. After he was gone I stood staring after him, my pulses leaping in pride for the lithe, handsome strength of his magnificent body as he strode across the road and dis- appeared in Jimmie's house. For a long time I stood there lost in dreams of the utter rapture waiting for us only a few hours ahead. Of a sudden I realized I was not alone. With a violent start, I saw that the beetle-browed man had come up onto the terrace again, so softly that I hadn't heard him. He had left off his hat, and his close- clipped hair stood up over his bul- let head like black bristling fur. He carried a bulging tan brief case, over which he was smiling at me. There was something in his furtive, swarthy face that sent a stab of un- reasoning panic through me, in spite of what Don had said about him. 