18 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine Fran's lips trembled. He had called her dear! "I got fired!" she said slowly. "So this is really charity. Giving me a job, you see. I need a job." "And I need you," Derek mur- mured in an odd tone. As Fran sold tickets and made change that night, she thought about Derek and what he had said. She was in love with him! The knowledge came to her with the force of a blow. In love with Derek van Erp and she had never guessed. That was why she had at last realized that the thrill she felt over Bill's dangerous kisses, wasn't really love. This new tide of feel- ing which swept over her was quite different. It was something so won- derful that it took her breath away. "Hello, Fran!" Fran's thoughts stopped short. "Bill!" she gasped. With Bill was a big burly policeman. Fran s heart came up in her throat and stayed there. "Pete!" she said in an urgent un- dertone. "Take the ticket booth for a minute. Will you?" Pete climbed to the booth as she slipped down. She drew Bill a little distance from the museum. "Now," she gasped. "What do you want?" We want your Mr. van Erp! Bill was smiling nastily. Fran caught her breath. "Don't say his name so loud! He calls him- self Mr. Smith out here!" Blandly, the officer said: "What- ever he calls himself, 'tis no concern of ours. But I have a warrant for the arrest of the person who stole a wax figure out of Mr. Sam Krause's storeroom." "Oh!" Everything reeled dizzily about Fran. She clutched at the officer's arm. "But you can't do that! The mandarin was an old fig- ure that just took up space. Mr. Krause offered it to anybody who would cany it away. There was no question of stealing! "Mr. Krause seems to think dif- ferently," put in Bill importantly. Fran turned on Bill like a whirl- wind. "So! This is the way you get even, is it? A low-down contemptible way. You know darned well that Mr. Krause wanted to get rid of that figure!" Bill smiled nastily. Fran went on in a breathless tone: "All right. Have it your way, if you want to! But I was the one who took that wax figure from Mr. Krause's storeroom. Serve your old John Doe warrant on me! Let's have this over with!" Bill stopped smiling and looked annoyed. "Mr. van Erp is the thief!" he snapped. "I was the one who took the fig- ure!" repeated Fran doggedly. Bill said a few words to the po- liceman in an undertone. The offi- cer moved over to the corner and stood there. Bill pulled Fran into a secluded corner. His mouth met Fran's in a kiss that was degrading and frightening. Finally he stopped kissing her. "You've got into my blood! he cried hoarsely. I didn't know how crazy I was about you, till I found out you'd fallen for this high-hat chap. But you'll never get him. See? Not if I have to kill both of you to keep you apart!" Fran struggled to free herself from his hateful embrace. His arms were like bands of steel about her. "I can have him put in jail for the theft of the mandarin. It won't do any good for you to say you took the figure. I'll swear -I saw him taking it from my uncle s shop!" Fran gave a pitiful little groan. "Besides, I know this fellow's real 