Little And Lovely 125 worked just as what I'm doing now will work!" "I hope you know what you're talking about." "Is that all you wanted of me?" "Yes, that s all," Sophia replied quietly, not looking at the girl. "Well" -with an attempt at airiness- "thanks for a nice lunch!" Rhoda stood at the door a moment and waited for a reply. Then when none came she closed it and passed on out into the heat of mid-after- noon. Sophia in the cool dimness of her apartment looked at the clock on the high old mantel. Half past two! They had sat long at lunch and accomplished nothing. She must get back to the office. She was just rising, ready to powder her nose and put on her hat, when the telephone tinkled. Something about the sound breaking into the quiet of that hour startled her, though actually there should be nothing alarming about the ringing of one's telephone. That is what one had it for! She answered it and started a little at the voice that she heard. She listened a moment. "But I can come," she said. "No, don't," Linden said crisply. "I'd rather you wouldn't. I've got- ten wind of something. Don't be alarmed. I can handle it but please don't come to the office." "All right, if you say so." And she knew that Thursby Linden must have heard the tremor of fear in her voice, for his reply came quickly: "I'll be there in as near an hour as I can make it. Meantime, don't let any one in unless you know them." "All right." Sophia's slim white hands were icy as she turned from the tele- phone. Fear clutched at her heart like a strangling hand. And then she tried to laugh at herself. What, after all, had she to fear? She had done nothing. Quite accidentally she had become en- tangled in a crime but she had no part in it. She was even free. Not even out on bail. So what had she to fear! She tried to laugh herself out of the strange mood that had sud- denly possessed her. She scoffed at herself. Why she hadn't even the courage of Rhoda! Rhoda laughed at the whole thing and she was really a part of it! She flayed herself for a craven. But her hands trembled as she washed and put away the dishes and some of the fine china showed nicks as it was put back on the shelf. Sophia turned from it rue- fully. She had loved that set- orchid, and thin as an eggshell. Against her soft green linens it looked like an exquisite garden. She slipped out of her office clothes and into a soft eggshell white with a stunning sash of black. If Thursby Linden was coming to see her, no use of reminding him of the office. And it was nice to dress up for a change- nice, she realized, to dress up for him. But still her hands trembled a little over the fastening of the smart, heavy sash. It was longer than an hour be- fore Linden appeared and when finally he did, Sophia knew a sense of relief. At least with him there nothing could happen. "It was nice of you to let me have the afternoon off. It's so warm," she said, after all her fever of anticipation, falling back into the employee-and-employer attitude. She had wanted just for that once 