Going Primitive 33 dared not drink too much, and the icy water went down only a few sips at a time. After that they walked around to keep warm. They dared not use any more of their pitifully small supply of wood, for fear they might be there another night, or might get fish which would need to be cooked. Martin walked to the edge of the flow and called into the mist, again and again. But there was no answer, so finally he gave it up. He went back to the shack, then, and finished the rest of the liquor in the bottle. When Dell entered the shack a while later, he was drunk, and again tried to kiss her. She eluded him easily, and went outside. Tommy had rigged lines through four holes in the ice, but he was having no luck. The flow had long since left the shallow water of the reef, and there were few smelt in the deeper places. Besides that, his sinkers weren't heavy enough to cut down the angle of his lines. The fog held, and they heard or saw no one. Tommy remained cheerful in spite of everything. He and Dell walked around to keep warm, but they only partially succeeded. The fog pressed in upon them, making everything weird and unreal. The dampness of it accentuated the cold, and chilled them to the very bone. "Ugh," Tommy said disgustedly, "it's like walking around in a dish of oatmeal. You can pretty near feel it. I'll bet our folks are plenty worried right now. Especially yours. Mine never know what fool thing I'll be doing next." Several times they heard air- planes. But they were on the direct New York-Montreal route, so that such a circumstance would not have been strange whether there were searchers out or not. LS-3E Martin had produced another bottle from his pocket, which Tommy stole during the afternoon, and threw away. Dell did not begin to mind the cold or the hunger very much till nightfall. Then it was very bad. They sat huddled up in the shanty, and in spite of Tommy's studied attempts at cheerfulness, the time dragged, and there were long periods of silence. The grim reality of the situation had taken hold of them all. Dell had never been so cold be- fore in her life. It was a cumulative cold. It hadn't seemed bad at first, but there was no relief from it, and there was no food to make body heat. She was miserable from the gnawing hunger which gave her no rest, and the cold found her weakened, unable to combat it. Martin's attitude did not help. When he talked, he told them over and over that no help would come, that they would die out there. He cried in drunken, maudlin despair. Dell knew that if there had been no Tommy to counteract that un- healthy attitude, she would have gone mad. As it was, she wanted to cry, or to laugh recklessly. Some- times she could hardly keep herself from doing one or the other. If only either the hunger or the cold would let up for just one minute. She kept dwelling morbidly on that. If it would only let up for just one minute, she thought she could go back to it cheerfully. But it never did. The hunger grew worse, and the cold more intense with the darkness. For several seconds she was aware that Tommy was watching her in- tently. Suddenly he rose and took her hand. "Come on," he said. "We're going to run. You're close to hysterics." 