Little And Lovely 121 last time she had seen her, was cringing and begging for protection, was suddenly coldly defiant. "Perhaps you think it doesn't," Sophia said after a little silence. "But that isn't all cleared up. If you've read the papers you know that Arnold's in a jam, a bad one, and won't talk." She waited, half expecting Rhoda to speak but when no word came from the other girl: "It's up to you to do something." "I haven't anything to do with- I'm not doing anything!" "You haven't anything to do with it? Rhoda!" Sophia exclaimed, scarcely able to believe that she had heard aright. "Of course not! No one knows that I was even out with Arnold that night! Why should I volun- tarily step into such a mess?" "Because"- the word coming slowly as she tried to understand the other girl's code- "you are the only one who can tell what hap- pened, who can put the seal of truth on Arnold's story that he was at certain places that night with you, drinking, when Maddem was killed. They know how long he had been dead when they found him. If Arnold can prove that he had only reached that spot a few moments before he was found there, he'll be all right. Otherwise-" she paused dreading to say the words that came to her mind. "Don't you see what you can do for him? You can save Arnold from-" "That's ridiculous!" the other girl broke in. "Arnold has money, let him spend it getting out! Why should I risk my position, risk losing Vin just to save him? To spare him a little trouble? It means my whole life. I'm not going to do it; and if that's what you called me here for, you've just wasted a good lunch!" They were at the table and Sophia was pouring tea from the quaint orchid pot. "Oh, no, I haven't," Sophia said. "Suppose I tell what I know? I will, if I have to." "What you know!" Derisively. "What good would that do! What do you know, after all?" "About your coming in here that night as you did." There was a little pause during which the girls eyed each other and seemed to match purpose. It was Rhoda who broke the silence and startlingly: "I'd say you lied." Her words dropped into the silence of the room like particles of ice falling on cold concrete. Their chill seemed to go through to the very bones of Sophia. She shivered as she looked into the opaque eyes of the girl opposite her. She had the feeling of being in some strange and horribly unreal dream. This couldn't be the girl Vincent Nelson had paragonized. He had said she was good. Good! "And who would there be to prove that I wasn't telling the truth?" Rhoda was going on. "People would believe me before they would you. It pays to have a good reputation, you know!" Sophia gasped at the words and stared at the other girl as if she was discovering a new kind of human. "I'm not going to sacrifice my- self for Arnold Cranston!" Rhoda continued. "Why should I?" "You wouldn't be sacrificing your- self. you'd only be helping Arnold, getting him out of a jam, releasing him from all connection with that car in which Maddern was found. It's mad of even the police to link him with Maddern's death, but they've got to pin the thing on some one and Arnold happened to be the 