152 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine two years old, and want to hear from Pals who know the true meaning of friendship. I am very fond of all outdoor sports, and especially fishing. I also en- joy music and reading, but as I'm a man hater, I don't go out much with boys. Won't all you girls from twenty-two up drop a line of cheer my way? Ellesta. Let her letters add interest to your life. Dear Miss Morris: Has a lonesome girl of eighteen a chance to find some Pen Pals? I am interested in all outdoor sports, but my hobbies are dancing, sing- ing, taking snapshots and collecting stickers. I like to travel, but don't seem to do enough of it to satisfy me, and am very fond of the theater. I want to hear from girls all over the world, and espe- cially those who are interested in the stage and radio. Maryland Crystal. You'll want them for your Pals. Dear Miss Morris: We are a young brother and sister longing for Pen Pals. We are in our teens, love swimming, danc- ing, skating, and the movies. We are full of pep and always up to some trick, but the friends we have don't mind. We've never had any Pen Pals; do we stand a chance? We promise to answer all let- ters without delay. Monk and Monkey. Mrs. Twenty's waiting for you. Dear Miss Morris: Hello, everybody! Who wants to write to a peppy young married woman of twenty? I have blue eyes, black hair, a lively disposition, and like plenty of fun. I can't wait to start answering your letters, Pals. I want to hear from girls everywhere, young and old, married and single. I'll be eagerly wait- ing for your letters. So, let's go! Mrs. Twenty. Michigan Bachelor is a writer. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a rather lone- some bachelor of refined tastes, and am eager to hear from Pals who are interested in art, music, and the finer things of life. I'm a writer by profession and have an understanding of the problems most peo- ple have to face. I'm young, brimming with life, and would like to get ac- quainted with young men who are equally anxious to make friends. I shall be a faithful correspondent and a true friend. Michigan Bachelor. These two are air-minded. Dear Miss Morris: We're a brother and sister, sixteen and eighteen years old. I'm interested in nursing, and Buck is go- ing to be an engineer. We are greatly interested in aviation, like travel, music, and appreciate real friendship. We hope to receive lots of letters, so don't dis- appoint us, Pals. We want to start a flourishing correspondence. Who'll be first? Buck and Bucky. She'll be a sympathetic friend. Dear Miss Morris: Does any one care to write to a lonely widow? I'm a pro- fessional nurse of almost middle age. I want to hear from girls and married STREET &amp; SMITH'S SPORT STORY MAGAZINE TWICE A MONTH - AT ALL NEWS STANDS 15c 