Day Of Awakening 103 The man in the black car played an impatient little tune on the horn. Nancy hurried outside and motioned for him to stop. Heather saw her point her smartly-gloved hand up- ward. Doctor Burns's office was directly over the drug store. With a surging mixture of feelings, Heather watched the roadster drive away. Nancy Trenton was a hope- less flirt, and Grant Burns was such a fine chap. Heather knew all about how Nancy had pursued him until finally they had become engaged. She recalled Grant's tired young face as she had seen it a few hours before. And Nancy was two-timing him because he couldn't take her places! For just a moment Heather allowed herself to be lost in a day- dream of how it would seem to be engaged to a man like Grant Burns. Some one dependable, she thought wistfully. Her next customer was old Doctor Addison, his eyes red-rimmed from loss of sleep, his face pinched-looking and drawn. He pulled off his hat and rubbed his forehead wearily. "Dick's drunk again, I suppose," he said in a tired voice. "Wish you were a druggist, Heather. I need these prescriptions right away." "Oh, Dick worked late last night, but I'm expecting him in any minute now," she fibbed loyally. "We'll have the prescriptions delivered be- fore noon." "Hm-m-m!" snorted the old doc- tor. "What do you see in him, Heather? You're the prettiest girl in town, and you're going to marry a scamp like Dick Cross!" He looked at her evenly. She showed him her bare left hand. "But I'm not marrying him," she contradicted. "Which means that I'll be out of a job as soon as the epidemic is over." "Broken with Dick, have you?" Doctor Addison asked with his booming laugh. "Say, that will make life worth living for at least three of my patients!" he said shyly. The door opened and Doctor Burns strode in. "My prescriptions gone out yet, Heather?" he asked worriedly. "I- I'm sorry," she stammered. It wasn't so easy to lie when Grant's blue, piercing eyes were upon her. "Dick worked late last night and he hasn t come in yet." He frowned. "Funny thing, I thought I saw him more than an hour ago. How are things going with you, doc?" "Awful!" Doctor Addison an- swered bluntly. "I haven't had my clothes off in forty-eight hours. I'm going to grab a cup of coffee and then drive over to Turner's. Thad is pretty low." "Run up to my place. I've got an electric plate and a coffeepot in the back room," Grant offered. "Some things I'd like to talk over with you, too, if you don't mind," he added. The door closed on Doctor Addison's dragging heels. Grant smiled provocatively into Heather's dark eyes. "You've been a soldier, and nobody seems to be giving you much credit. But I want you to know I think you're pretty swell," he said proudly. "And about Dick- get him on the job if you have to use dynamite. I've got to have those prescriptions." When he had gone, Heather crossed the store and looked earnestly at her reflection in the mirror behind the soda fountain. Dark eyes set wide apart- hair, pale-gold- a small, pointed face. Nothing spectacular, she thought. Just another pretty girl in a world of pretty girls, even if Doctor Addison had called her the prettiest 