Reckless Bride 47 the situation as gallantly as he was doing. It seemed a perfect solution. Even Don's mother was satisfied. Now that she saw our love need not be denied without endangering Don's future, she entered into the plan enthusiastically. Even in our anxious haste to leave the apart- ment quickly before Oliver could in- terfere again, she took time to hunt through her bags to get me a warm coat for the ride up to Westchester. Long before we reached the lovely country home of Mr. and Mrs. Eng- lish where we were to stay, I knew I was going to love her as my own mother, whom I couldn't remember. And I knew, too, that she was going to take me to her heart as a daugh- ter. For when she introduced me to our elderly host and hostess, who welcomed me with a gracious hospi- tality that made me almost happy, she put her gentle arm around me and said, with a courageous little laugh: "I've almost forgiven Lynore for taking Don away from me. It makes it a little easier since I'm to have the fun of their wedding." I was glad we had arranged things without breaking her heart. Don and I left her talking over hasty plans with her host and hostess who were tremendously thrilled at the prospects. We slipped out to the vestibule a moment before he left. Then an agony of loneliness swept over me like a black tide. As he took me in his arms and kissed me good-by, I thought I couldn't stand it. It was like tearing the heart out of my body to have him leave me again. What if he couldn't postpone his sailing and would have to go without me? Or what if Oliver would trace me in spite of our caution! I couldn't shake off this sense of impending fate. I clung to him frantically, shivering in his warm arms. "Oh, Don, it seems we re doomed to be separated!" I gasped. "If anything happens this time, I'll die." He held me close. "We aren't go- ing to let anything happen, this time, darling," he whispered against my lips. "Isn't it wonderful the way there's an answer to everything if you hunt long enough? It's all turned out so much better than we thought, even better than eloping!" "Oh, how can you say that?" I panted, staring up at him. He held my face between his hands. His blue eyes gazing deep in mine were glowing with utter worship. "Because you're too won- derful for any makeshift marriage, Lynore." His voice was low, rev- erent almost. His arms cradled me as though I were infinitely precious. "My darling, you're the ideal of every dream I've ever had. I love you so much that I'm willing to wait for a wedding that's worthy of you, then there won't be the least chance of any stigma to threaten our hap- piness. Because, dear, our mar- riage is going to be paradise." He kissed me until we both were breathless. Then, with a husky little laugh, he was gone. CHAPTER IV. The days that followed were crowded with bewildering, exciting happiness. At times I even forgot the shadow of danger that hovered over me, threatening constantly to shatter our expectations. Don was with me every possible moment. He had succeeded in ob- taining official permission to post- pone his sailing date until Thurs- day, and he was staying secretly with Jimmie Rand, one of his col- 