44 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine bedroom came the distinct tread of footsteps. My heart stopped in a frenzy of terror. Quick as a flash, Don was on his feet, his breath hot with alarm as he picked me up from the divan. But before he could take a step, there was the sharp click of a door opening. An oblong of yellow light shot across the floor, obliterated in- stantly as the lights were snapped on in the living room and we found ourselves confronted not by Oliver, nor an officer as I dreaded, but by the tall, slender figure of a white- haired woman as startled as we. Don was the first to recover his breath. "Why, mother!" His laugh was shaky with relief. "I thought you had gone hours ago!" There was a moment of uncom- fortable silence. Then: "I was detained unexpectedly," came the low reply. The eyes regarding us were clear blue like Don's, but grave, unsmil- ing as they took us in with one level, understanding glance. My cheeks flamed hotly. Con- fusedly, I put up my hand to my tangled hair. But Don was drawing me forward eagerly, his arm tight about me. "Mother, this is Lynore my wife." There was a ring of triumph in his deep warm voice, and he glanced down at me, his soul in his eyes. The figure in the doorway seemed to hesitate a moment before she came slowly across the room and took my trembling hands in smooth, firm fingers. With a quick, eager smile I looked up at her, and suddenly sobered. For there was no answering smile on her handsome, aristocratic face. Only a stern gravity that sent an odd chill of foreboding over me. Why I felt like that, I didn't know. Nothing in the world mattered, now that I was safe with Don. All I could fathom was that it had prob- ably come as an unpleasant shock to his mother to find him so unex- pectedly with a strange girl in his arms, and I tried not to blame her for being a little angry. Yet I couldn't shake off this un- reasoning panic. I stepped closer to Don, still staring wistfully at his mother. And then I realized, sur- prisingly, that she was not angry. It was, instead, anxiety that drew her fine features so sharply. Her sweet eyes were deeply troubled as she looked at us. "No, Don," she said tremulously, "she is not your wife." I stopped breathing. I just stood there staring at her, braced for what was coming next. Don's face went sober. His hand tightened on my arm. "I don't un- derstand you, mother," he said evenly. "I told you all about our elopement. You knew I went away this morning determined to find Lynore and-" "Yes," his mother interrupted un- steadily. "And you had been gone only a few minutes before a man called to see you on a matter he said was very important. When I explained that you had gone, he left this with me and insisted I give it to you as soon as possible." She had moved over to a secretary-desk in the corner, taking a long, stiff en- velope from the drawer and hand- ing it to Don. "I didn't know how to reach you quickly, so I decided to wait here in the hope that you might change your plans and return after all. The man was a special mes- senger. He said this was a court notice that your marriage has been annulled." 