138 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine And now good night, and for pity's sake don't lie awake losing your beauty sleep, thinking about how to live on fifty dollars a week." But Eloise did lie awake. Hours and hours, and decided if worst came to worst, and he would not accept her money, she would indeed have to learn to figure costs and make budgets. The prospect didn't please her, but she wanted Stephen so badly. Mentally, she tried to budget forty-five or fifty dollars a week to pay rent, food and clothing bills. But it wouldn't come out anywhere near right. Then she'd go over it all again, but forget half of the items, until the whole business was dismally, depressingly discouraging. Exhausted, finally, she went to sleep. The next morning was clear. The sun came out and the sea was a deep, bright blue. A good omen, Eloise thought, as she dressed in her most becoming soft wool dress, a golden-yellow and chestnut-brown combination which did bewitching things to her almost amber-colored eyes and shining bronze hair. Stephen came just after they had finished breakfast, and almost imme- diately they departed for the golf links. They played two holes, and then sat down on a bench in the warm sunshine. "I couldn't sleep," he began, "for thinking of you. It's terribly soon to be saying it, but I love you, Louise. The minute I saw you something wonderful happened that had never happened to me before, nor ever will again. It isn't given to a man to love twice this way. I can't give you up," he cried pas- sionately. "If there's any hope at all for me, please tell me at once, for I can't stand this uncertainty an- other minute." He had firm hold of her hands, as if he were afraid to let go of them. "I loved you from the very mo- ment you stepped into that rickety old bus, and somehow, I felt that you returned my love. Tell me quickly, darling, was I right?" He gazed at her, an excited glitter in his eyes. "Yes, Stephen." she murmured in a soft, tremulous voice, "I love you, too." "You darling!" he cried. Then, after a hasty glance about the course, he snatched her into his arms and kissed her lips, her eyes, her glorious hair. "I haven't much to offer a girl who's had the world for a playground," he whispered against her soft cheek, "but if you'll take the big chance with me, some day, I'm sure, I'll stand at the head of something, instead of at the bot- tom. Are you willing to give up your position, my sweet, and stay and marry me?" And now, suddenly Eloise was fearful. Truly afraid to tell him of her deception and of her immense wealth. He was, just as she had suspected, the kind that wanted to win his own place. There had been pride and ambition in his voice when he said, "Some day I'll stand at the head of something." She turned her face away. She didn't want to see his eyes condemn her. "Yes, I'll stay and marry you Stephen," she whispered softly. "But wait, wait!" she cried wildly, as he was about to take her in his arms again. "I've a confession to make. I'm not a paid companion; I'm that unhappy rich woman's daughter. I'm terribly, disgracefully wealthy, Stephen. I'm Eloise Mer- rill. I hated it, deceiving you, but you do understand, don't you?" she pleaded, lifting her beautiful, be- seeching face to his. "It was the 