Two In Love 133 first time his dark-gray eyes met Eloise's hazel, gold-flecked ones, she experienced a quick, delightful thrill. This in itself was unusual, for she was used to being stared at. Eloise had everything that other girls long for; beauty, health, wealth and a high social position. But she wanted something more, and that particular something was the one thing which seemed hopelessly im- possible to obtain. She longed to love and be loved romantically, ardently, for herself alone, stripped of the allure of great riches. She looked out the window, but scarcely saw the darkening fields or the flaming foliage of autumn. She was lost in thought, wondering about the dark-haired young man dressed so becomingly in a brown tweed suit. Who was he, what was he, and why was he aboard this clat- tering bus bound for the practically deserted beaches? He had a metro- politan, successful air about him. She had glimpsed a leather brief case partly covered by his folded over- coat, which lay on the empty seat beside him. Probably an ambitious bond salesman, or a prominent young lawyer. She wanted terribly to know. She couldn't resist a second glance, and was amazed to find her heart thumping faster when their eyes met. His eyes smiled a friendly greeting, and involuntarily, her warm, sweet mouth curved in a provocative smile; but she turned her head away quickly, and con- tinued to stare blankly out the win- dow. Suddenly the bus left the State highway, and almost immediately, a strong wind came up. Eloise pulled her green béret with its cocky little feather more closely over her cop- per-colored hair, and reached for her green swagger coat. Like a flash, the young man jumped up and held her coat for her. "May I please?" he begged. "Wouldn't you like some of the win- dows closed?" "Yes, thank you," exclaimed Eloise eagerly. Then after the briefest of pauses: "You can tell im- mediately when you reach the coast highway. It always gets so windy." She smiled up at him and he smiled down at her, and at that very mo- ment a lurch of the swaying bus landed the stranger directly into the vacant seat beside her. "We'll soon be running into a fog," she ventured, and hoped that her voice did not betray her delight over the happy accident. "Going far?" His voice was deep and soft. "To De Lake," she replied. "I've friends who always spend a month in the fall at their cottage there. They hate the summer crowds and like to watch the storms. And," she added, with an enchanting smile and a flash of her beautiful white teeth, "so do I. I love to see those tre- mendous waves dash so madly against the rocks and bombard the lonely beaches. It's savage and overwhelming, and it thrills me more than anything I know of." "I know," he declared understand- ingly, "it gets me that way, too. Sort of fills one with strange, wild yearnings for one hardly knows what." "We're pagans, I guess," laughed Eloise. "Or romantics," he smiled down into her eyes. For a few minutes there was si- lence. Then, "How far do you go?" she asked as nonchalantly as pos- sible, while her heart pounded furi- ously as she waited for his reply. She didn't want him to leave, this gallant stranger who already seemed 