118 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine down over the earth- a thing of soft shadows and gentle breezes, of low murmurings. Stepping off the porch of the inn, the faint scent of evergreens sweet in her nostrils, Sophia was held by the sheer beauty of it. City people missed so much, she thought. Never to know the faint sounds of summer evening in the country, the soft sighing of wind in the trees, the vagrant scents of sleeping flowers, the whir of wings in the dusk almost that was never to live! Linden seemed to sense her mood. "Beautiful, isn't it?" And there was that in his voice that made it seem as if his arms had reached out for her and then dared not claim her, and had drawn suddenly back again. Sophia knew a sense of chill and of hurt. A strange aloneness that almost frightened her. And then, with an almost actual physical effort she shook it off. Foolish to miss his caresses when they had never been hers and never had or could mean anything to her! Foolish to let their omission make her feel so deserted and alone! And then she was sitting in the car and Linden was slipping in be- side her and behind the wheel. She wondered if his hands act- ually trembled a little as they took the wheel or if she only imagined that. The light was so uncertain. "I'd like to go the other way in- stead of back to town," Linden said in a low voice as the motor started. Sophia was looking out into the night and echoing his thought a thousandfold, too poignantly to speak, so she merely turned and smiled at him. "Laughing at me, aren't you, lady fair?" And he had broken the spell and was Thursby Linden, the great publisher again. But it wasn't so easy for Sophia. Laughing at him! As if she could when suddenly she knew that her heart ached with a strange empti- ness, because his arms had failed to do what his voice had hinted. "I hope I haven't kept you from some other date to-night," he said after a short silence. "I had to have this out with you, though. I want to know that you're going to be clear of things yourself." "No, I hadn't any other date. I was glad when you asked me." Linden turned to her sharply for a moment. "Were you?" And once more it seemed that something infinitely sweet and close hung in the air, something that Sophia wanted to snatch and hold against her heart and never let it go. But a moment later his attention was on the road again and Sophia was contenting herself with looking at the river which stretched out to- ward the city like a path of silver. As they drove along and the night grew darker the stars overhead were like brittle crystal against the dark- blue velvet of the sky and summer night scents assailed her nostrils. It was all so beautifully dream- like. It didn't seem possible that there was the city to go back to with its heat and duty. Sophia felt the air on her face grow gradually warmer as they ap- proached the city until finally, it seemed to be fanned from huge radiators. It was over all too quickly that glimpse of country in mid-summer. "It's been lovely," she said to Linden as he crossed the sidewalk with her toward the entrance of the group of buildings in which was her tiny apartment. 