Cause For Divorce 99 she say, right ova this hyar phone." And frantic with guilt, Shiela had taken a taxi to Wade's office, to find him gone. Mr. Duncannon was in the mountains for the week-end. He had made no secret of his des- tination, there had been no need. But it was the doorman who told her about Kathy. He had seen them drive away together. That was when, broken, utterly crushed, Shiela had gone to Bob with the truth. "-and Bob was so good! Oh, youve no idea how good!" she cried. All this awful night when we lost our way twice, and thought we'd never get here! When we were so frightfully worried, he never scolded me at all! Never blamed me, but just tried to help me. And now we're here, and everything is all right and-- "We'll pay back every cent, Mr. Duncannon, Bob and I! Every penny, and I'll never run up another bill as long as I live!" Wade's hand was weak as a baby's, but it was strong enough to find Kathy s and cling to it. "Kathy!" he whispered. "Darling! It was your sister you were shield- ing! There wasn't any man in it at all! Oh, Kathy, Kathy, I want to hear you say it. I want to hear you say there wasn't any man!" The question was still trembling on his lips, still unanswered, when another car rolled up the drive, and other footsteps came hurrying through the open door and down the hall, until, filling the bedroom door, blocking it, triumphant, exulting, stood Helen, Wade Duncannon's wife, and her attorney, tall, thin- faced and frosty-eyed. At first, confused a little by the sun outside, Helen had seen only the bed, and Wade lying there, his head against Kathy's shoulder, and she had laughed. "Well done, Wade! couldn't have been better. Guess this will pass as 'cause for divorce' even in New York!" Then, her eyes narrowing a trifle, "Who's the girl? haven't I seen her before? I guess we'll have to have her name." Wade raised himself. Turned, in Kathy's tender arms. His face was grim. "This is Miss Willis, my sec- retary," he said. "And, Helen"- he smiled a little sadly, a little wistfully, but crookedly amused "I would like to have you meet her sister and brother-in-law, Mr. and Mrs. Christie. They are spending the week-end here with me, too. I'm afraid, Helen, my dear I'm afraid your 'cause for divorce' is no good. A man who has had an attack of appendicitis, over a per- fectly chaperoned Saturday night can't-" "But you called my lawyer!" she broke in. "You told him if we'd come up to-day we'd get our evi- dence. You told him that, Wade!" Kathy stumbled to her feet. She pushed her hair back from her tired, white face. Her eyes were shining; not dove's eyes now, but star eyes, misty and love-filled and sweet. And her lips were sweet, too; up- curved and tender, and crimson with the blood from her beating heart: "And you can have it" she cried. "Of course you can! He's trying to shield me, can't you see? We were here alone all night. Bob and Shiela just came. We meant to be alone. We love each other. We're crazy about each other. Go on back and get your divorce! I want you to have it! I can't wait until you get it!" Looking at her, Helen stripped off her gloves and found a chair. "Bet- ter give me the story, some one," 