120 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine spoken her name with emotion weighting his voice! She held the memory of that close against her heart. Whatever else might come, she would always have that. And with all the shadow that hung over her, knowing well that she was the mysterious girl who figured in the newspaper story of the murder, Sophia Ambler slept with a smile curving her colorful lips. The man she loved had betrayed his own emotion in the speaking of her name! Her heart sang at that. New hope filled it. And she loved him. She was finally ready to admit that. Her sleep that night was dream- ridden. Blondes with clear, high, haughty voices passed swiftly through her dreaming in high powered limousines and looked back angrily, men drank too much and then staggered crazily to cars which they smashed into other cars. And Sophia awakened herself from sleep with her own cry of fright at a collision of dreamed automobiles. She went back to sleep only to dream again of hysterical girls cry- ing, begging to be spared the con- sequences of their own folly. Sophia wasn't much rested when she awakened to the light of an- other day. But she dressed with more care than usual. It seemed imperative that she look well. Thursby Lin- den would be at the office, at the desk next to hers. He glanced up but with only a cool good morning, as she took her place near him and she felt as if her heart was sinking untold miles. It was at noon that he seemed to really realize her presence. She was standing at her desk putting on her hat to go to lunch. "You're to take your time to- day," he said in a voice that held a note of gentleness. "Be sure to take care of that matter." "I will. And thanks." She looked down at him, her wide gray eyes grateful. Surely he must care, she thought, what happened to her. She had called Vincent's office and made the date with Rhoda through him. Vincent had not even talked to Rhoda about it so sure was he of her doing what he asked. "Tell her it's important," Sophia had added just before she hung up. And so Rhoda appeared at Sophia's apartment a bit defiantly. "You might have at least asked for me," she said nastily. Something flamed within Sophia at the words. She had intended to be kind to the girl. All her anger at Vin had died out and seemed to leave her with no reason to be any- thing but kind and understanding to a girl who found herself in an unreckoned difficulty. But Rhoda's words swept all her kind intentions before them like so much sun-baked chaff in a strong wind. "Because I knew you wouldn't come if I did," she said coldly. "I knew that with Vin aware of the date you'd have to keep it or ex- plain things to him. And that might be difficult!" "I don't know what you're talking about!" Sophia stared at the girl. "I'm talking about the night be- fore last," she finally said. Rhoda shrugged her shoulder. "That doesn't mean anything to me!" Sophia wondered if she was hear- ing aright or if it was all some strange dream. Rhoda who, the 