The Love Pawn 71 "All right," she said shortly. "let's get going." She had tried. It was no use. She would follow him anywhere! She shut her eyes so she would not see him when he left her to wait near the door. The corner clock struck eight. At eight-thirty, Red had told her, the time lock on the vaults went off. At eight-fifteen, Eric came hurrying around the corner, ready to go on duty. "Good morning!" said Paula, placing herself in his way, smiling her prettiest. "Why in such a hurry?" He stopped short, amazed. "Paula, I didn't expect to see you here." She cast down her lashes. "Well, I got to thinking about last night and-" Eagerly, he drew her through the side door of the as-yet-unopened bank. "Come into my little cage, darling, where we can'talk. You promised to let me know to-day, sweet." Complacently, he took her hands in his. Paula looked wildly about her. The shades of the bank were drawn, the big front door shut. No one was about, except the janitor and another early worker. Outside, she had a glimpse of Red. He was sig- naling her. Her heart flew to her throat when she saw he had not put on the disguise, after all. Ah, the foolish bravado. There he was, dark hair, slate-colored eyes, ready to come in and do this awful thing! If she could only save him, the man she loved! The clock struck eight-thirty. And at the sound of that one stroke, a plan so simple, yet so daring burst full-born into her reeling brain, that she turned to ice at the very thought. It was the sight of Eric's gun that made her think of it. "Eric, darling," she murmured, and slipped into his arms. With one quick gesture, she had the gun in her own hands. She turned on him. "Put them up!" she cried hoarsely. "Quick! And unlock the small vault and hand over that quarter of a million!" "Paula. Quit joking!" "Come one step nearer, and see who's joking! To the vault, I say" Something in her white face and set lips halted Eric. The janitor and the other man came running, only to find themselves lined up, also. Paula almost smiled at Red s sur- prised face at the door. She had taken his play out of his hands and he didn't know what to do. Little did he realize what risk a woman will take for a man when she loves him! Quivering with fear that some- thing would stop her now that she had begun her dangerous game, she drove her prisoners before her, made Eric unlock the vault and give her the canvas bags of money. A flam- ing sense of power thrilled her as she backed to the door, keeping the trembling trio covered. There was no sound except the ticking of the big clock. Outside, on the street, traffic flowed on, undisturbed. At the very threshold, Paula cried in a clear voice, "I'm taking this money, Eric Kendall, to keep the man I love from doing it! By rights, it's really his money. It doesn't belong to you and your thieving gang. But we really don't want the filthy stuff, after all. That telegram you showed me last night can be traced, and Jack Delafield and I will have enough evidence against you to send you to jail so fast it will make your hair curl! 