30 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine traveling north ahead of a south gale. And Dell knew that only a mile or so north of them, where the lake widened, there was open water. Lake Champlain does not freeze like the smaller bodies of water. The south end, which is comparatively narrow, freezes early, the middle part, where they were, freezes next, and often the wide lake does not freeze at all. The shanty was gain- ing momentum every moment, its flat side acting as a sail. Shortly, Dell knew, unless they jumped out onto the ice, they would both drown. Martin, a man who knew nothing about the lake, did not realize this. She tried to tell him. While she fought him, she panted out the in- formation. But he only vaguely listened. And he laughed at her, a hard, chilling laugh that had no mirth in it. He no longer tried to keep her from screaming, but she did not scream because she knew they were too far from the other shanties for any one to hear her. Instead, she tried to fight her way to the door. Her mind worked with startling clearness. She knew about how fast they were going, and about how far they had to go. And she realized that there was little time left. Again and again she tried to break away from him and jump out onto the ice. But always he caught her and held her. Over and over she screamed at him that open water lay ahead of them. That it was in- exorably closer every minute. But it did not good. All his life Martin had lied to get himself out of tight situations. He thought Dell was doing the same thing now. He was no longer trying to kiss her. He knew there would be plenty of time for that later on. He contented himself with keeping her there in the shanty, not letting her escape. Dell grew frantic, almost insane with terror. She broke away from him and went to the tiny window In the gathering dusk she could see the angry black of open water not a hundred yards ahead. Some of her terror must have communicated itself to him, because he came over beside her to look. In the split second of complete quiet, Dell heard the ring of skate runners. Then Martin shrieked and jumped toward the door. As he did so, the shanty's momentum was checked so short that it threw Dell to her knees, and catapulated Martin on past the door, into the wall. They heard a shout outside, and Dell reached the door first. The shanty had stopped moving, and on its south side, his skates dug into the ice as he leaned back on the rope with which it had been anchored, stood Tommy. Martin came out, looking at the black water and trembling violently. Dell kept her eyes turned away from him. "You know," Tommy said grimly, "it was a good thing I tagged along, I guess. I saw your shanty start to go places, so I put on my skates and followed. Why didn't you jump out?" "We didn't know it was moving," Martin lied quickly, before Dell could answer. "I suppose I didn't see you come out and deliberately hack the anchor rope," Tommy snapped. A long silence followed. Finally Tommy broke it. "You two put on your skates and help me anchor this shack again. Then I'll start back. You got an extra spike, French?" Martin had one. They drove it deep into the ice, and fastened the end of the rope to it. "Now I guess I'll be on my way, 