NOTE: No other Physi-cal Instruc-tor in the World has ever DARED make such an offer! Just 7 Days ....that's all I need to PROVE I can make YOU a NEW MAN! by Charles Atlas Holder of the title: "The World's Most Perfectly Developed Man" Won in open competition in the only National and International contests held during the past 15 years ONE WEEK! That's all I need. In 7 days I'll PROVE that I can make you over into a new man of vitality and power. I'll do for you exactly what I did for myself. I was once a 97--pound weakling. I was sickly, only half alive. I had a fabby namby-pamby body. How I changed myself from this "below average" physique into the man who won against all comers the title of "World's Most Perfectly Developed Man" is an absorbing story. It is told in my book. "Everlasting Health and Strength." which I will send you absolutely free if you fill in and mail the coupon below. It's Easy MY WAY Big claims mean nothing! That is why I offer you more than promis[e]s. That is why I offer you a 7 days trial of my famous method. Dynamic-Tension. That lets you see for yourself that I back up every promise I make. That PROVES beyond a flicker of a doubt that I can and will turn you, too, into a vital, powerful NEW MAN. Thousands of fellows all over The world have used my method- and now you can, too. Like them, you can put on firm layers of muscle where you need them most, tone up your whole system, banish consti- pation, poor digestion, bad breath, pimples and other conditions that rob you of the good things and good times of life, and get the "drive" that'll take you to the top of the ladder. I've Got NO USE for Apparatus I haven't any use for tricky weights or pulleys and machines that may strain your heart and other vital or-gans. There's nothing unnatural or artificial about this method of mine. And I don't dose you or doctor you. Dynamic-Tension is all I need. It's the natural, tested method for developing real men inside and out. It distributes added pounds of powerful muscles over your body, gets rid of ailments and surplus fat and gives you the vitality, strength and pep that win you the admiration of every woman and the respect of any man. Send for YOUR Copy of MY FREE BOOK Don't be held back by a below-par body! Now you can easily and quickly make this new man of yourself! Do what my thousands of other pupils did- send for a free copy of my Illustrated book. "Ever-lasting Health and Strength." Learn how I built myself up from a weak, no-muscle, always-tired "runt" to winner of the title. "The World's Most Perfectly Developed Man." Gamble a stamp to mail my coupon to learn how YOU can win the biggest prize in life- a hand- some, healthy, husky body. Address CHARLES ATLAS, Dept. 38-C, 133 K. 23rd St., New York. N. Y. FREE BOOK Gamble a stamp today. Mail coupon for free copy of my new book. "Everlasting Health and Strength." It shows you from actual photos how I have developed my Pupils to my own perfectly balanced pro- portions. Where shall I send your copy? Write your name and address plainly on the coupon. Mail it today to me personally. CHARLES ATLAS Dept. 38-C 133 East 23rd St. New York, N. Y. I want proof that Dy-namic Tension will make a New Man of me give me a healthy, husky body and big muscle development. Send free book, "Everlasting Health and Strength." Name (Please print or write plainly) Address City State © 1931 C. A. Ltd. 