114 Pink Ears trabelin' men sho' has it easy. Dey goes to de shows an' jes' chahges it in d' expense account. Y' bettuh tote out half a pint. Dis gen'leman in three- eighty looks lak he mought be intrusted." The chief bell-hop rose. "Bress Gawd fo' Prohibition," he commented piously. "Ef t'wasn't fo' de law, us hotel-help would hab t' live on ouah tips." He sauntered into a small private closet and a little later stepped briskly up the stairs. It was certainly not more than two minutes from the time the elevator-boy saw Craig unlock the door, humming a little, to the time the bell- hop knocked softly. But where the elevator-boy carried away an impres- sion of carefree contentment and casual cheer, the bell-hop straightened involun- tarily when he heard a voice from within. "Come in!" The voice was a harsh croak, a rasp- ing gasp, metallic and unhuman. The bell-hop pushed open the door cau- tiously and peered in. The room looked as if a whirlwind had struck it. Sheets, rugs, pillow-cases were thrown helter- skelter about the place, and at the moment James Craig was on his knees before a suit-case. Where he had looked carefree and at peace with the world, he now looked ghastly. His face was a pasty, chalky white. His eyes seemed to have sunk into his head, and they stared at the bell-hop with a strange deadness. "I've been robbed!" he croaked harshly. "I've been robbed!" The bell-hop ducked instinctively. "Bress Gawd!" he gasped. "Y' don' mean it!" A choked sob burst from the throat of the chalky-faced man. "I've been robbed!" he repeated in a certain strange calm. Then he sobbed again, his whole body writhing with the sound. "My God! Eighty thousand dollars!" The bell-hop jumped a foot in the air at mention of that sum and de- parted swiftly. The result of his flight was seen a moment later in a pale and worried desk-clerk who came hurriedly into the room. Craig was moving dumbly about, looking hopelessly here, there--everywhere. "You--you've been robbed, sir?" "Eighty thousand dollars!" Craig seemed stunned by the calamity. "I'm ruined! Ruined! Eighty thousand dollars!" He sat down suddenly in a chair and stared before him with lack-lustre eyes. The desk-clerk, alarmed as he was for the reputation of the house, could not but feel sympathy for the man who had changed so absolutely in so few minutes. His very lips were gray. His eyes seemed to have re- treated deep into his skull. His voice was a pitiable parody of a living man's voice. It was dead, harsh, lifeless. "Carrying bonds from New Orleans to New York," he said dully. "Nobody knew I had 'em. Can't sleep on trains, and stopped over here to have a night's rest. I went out for dinner. . . . The bonds are gone." "I'll send- for the police," the desk- clerk assured him. "We've a splendid detective force here. If anybody could find them, Jamison can." Craig's fingers unclenched and he automatically began to look through the articles in his suit-case again, in the utterly forlorn hope that he might yet be mistaken, and might yet find the bonds. "Eighty thousand dollars!" he said apathetically. "I'm ruined! They'll suspect me, even me, of stealing them. And nobody knew I had them!" He groaned. "Nobody knew I had them!" The clerk slipped from the room and telephoned frantically, while he gave 