The Campaign for Vengeance 69 gone for about ten minutes. Then she raised and lowered the shade of a front window; that was Rudie's signal. There were no lights in any other office on the fourth floor. While Rudie was busy manipulating the tumblers to Bradshaw's safe, Rita kept a look-out in the hall. She stood at a point some fifty feet from her office, where the north and the west corridors crossed. The elevators were on the west cor- ridor ; in the event of Bradshaw's unex- pected return, she expected to have plenty of time to run along the north corridor and shoo Rudie away. She had kept her vigil some ten min- utes, when, on turning casually she saw Bradshaw standing before the open door to his office! He must have walked quietly up the stairway in the rear of the north corridor! Bradshaw hesitated only a moment; then he rushed into the room. There came at once a scuffling sound .and the thud-thud of blows. Frightened, but eager to continue ac- tively in this dangerous and unlawful adventure, Rita ran along the corridor and watched the struggle from the doorway. The powerful Bradshaw was having the best of it. The runt Breen was quicker and more skilled with his fists, but the room was too small to permit of scientific boxing. Bradshaw drove a straight right to Rudie's face; the force of the blow hurled Rudie across the room and against the wall. With a snarl of tri- umph, Bradshaw seized a chair, raised it above his head, and rushed at his adversary. Rita choked a cry. Breen stood humped against the wall as though too exhausted to raise a hand to ward off the blow which must surely crush his skull. Then, in the wink of an eye, and just as Bradshaw began the downward swing of the chair, Breen shook off his coma, drew a stiletto from his coat pocket--and struck! The chair clattered to the floor and Bradshaw tottered. But Breen had not yet finished with him. With his left arm he hugged Bradshaw close; with his right hand, he kept twisting the handle of the stiletto. Bradshaw kept emitting low guttural moans. Then finally, Breen drew out the blade and pushed Bradshaw away. In falling, Bradshaw, half turned. Rita saw that his white silk shirt was stained a deep red over the heart; from this stain, thin red lines trickled . . . dripped. . . . At this point she became somewhat dizzy. Rudie Breen pulled her into the room, locked the door, led her to a chair and fetched her a cup of ice-water. "Take it easy, sis. Nothin' more serious than murder. Happens occa- sionally in the very best circles. That's it. Feel better?" "What--will we--?" "There are at least a dozen things we could do. This is nothing to worry about at all. You leave it t'me." He picked up the telephone and when he had made his connection, he said: "Harry? Rudie speaking. I'm in a little mess in the Trinidad Building. Listen. How soon can you make Thirty- ninth Street and Seventh Avenue ? Good. Now get this: southeast corner, red and white, Daly, good evening, cane. Right ?" He hung up. Thereupon he scribbled a note, and handed it to Rita. "When you've delivered this, you're through with this job," he told her. "I'm handling the rest. Here's your end of it: You take a red and white taxi to Thirty-ninth Street and Seventh Avenue. On the southeast corner a man will be waiting for you. Tall, slim, black mous- tache. He'll be holding his cane up against his shoulder. He will address 