The Trap 49 "The loot that your organization collected and which came into my hands when I captured your lieutenant in Ceylon." Sterne's eyes narrowed as he scru- tinized the face of the agent of the Criminal Intelligence Department. He knew that Smith was far removed from a fool and he tried to read the thoughts of the man who smoked his cigarette so calmly in the face of death or dis- honor. "I had hoped to use the jewels," con- tinued Smith, "to bait a very beautiful trap for you in Calcutta." "You have them here ?" Smith's eyelids quivered ever so little. It might have been smoke and it might have been nervousness. He was playing to a subtle audience and the least bit of overacting would be fatal. "Is it a bargain?" he asked. "Will you accept the jewels?" "I have made no promise but I will inspect your dispatch box," replied Sterne, indicating with his pistol a leather-covered box of considerable size which lay upon the floor. "If the jewels are there they are mine without the trouble of making a bargain." "Permit me to open the box," offered Smith, extracting a small key from his pocket and bending forward rather eagerly. "Sit back!" snapped Sterne. "Throw me the key." Smith tossed over the key and shrugged his shoulders resignedly while Sterne glanced from the dispatch box to Higgins and hesitated. "Open the box for the gentleman, Higgins, like a good boy," interposed Smith with what might possibly have been a gleam of hope in his eyes. "Shoot him if he gets off his seat," said Sterne, shoving a spare pistol across to Higgins. "Smith, for some reason, you want anybody but me to open that box and that is just the reason I shall open it myself." "Go to the devil!" growled Smith. Sterne smiled in amusement as he dragged the box in front of his feet upon the floor. He unbuckled the leather cover and threw it back, expos- ing the top of the steel box within. Smith bent forward a trifle as if to watch the opening of the box. In reality it brought him a few inches nearer to Higgins and allowed his body to assume an attitude that would permit a spring. "No false move!" warned Sterne, looking up and feeling the gun beside him on the seat. Higgins stood up as Sterne inserted the key and could not resist glimpsing the operation out of the tail of his eye. Mainly, however, he watched Smith and kept his gun well forward. "Look out for the Jack-in-the-box when you lift the cover," warned Smith with a chuckle. "My trap may be better than yours." It was a subtle speech and a most audacious one. Sterne grunted con- temptuously, turned the key and lifted the steel cover. There was exposed the usual upper tray containing papers, pens, pencils and other odds and ends. "Gra&lt;yous me! The ugly face didn't jump out!" jibed Smith. "Hold your tongue!" snarled Sterne. On either side of the tray were two brass lifters that sank in slots, flush with the tray, when not being used for raising it. Sterne inserted two fingers of each hand under these brass loops and lifted. They rose freely for a good two inches and then came a violent clang from within the box while the loops shot downward, crushing the fingers to the bone and holding them fast against the heavy box. "Shoot!" screamed Sterne. With the clang and the scream Smith's body catapulted toward Higgins while his long right arm sent his B. M.--Apr.--4 