The Extra Dozen Eggs 55 bad. I think that they are the best thing in the world for a man who has just taken a huge dose of corrosive subli- mate." Cumberland literally sprang from his chair. He towered over Mountfort and for an instant I thought he was going to strike my friend. Then he fairly shouted: "What do you mean, you infernal fool!" "I mean, Cumberland," Mountfort answered with a deadly calm, "that when you poisoned Robert Marsh, in order to direct suspicion away from yourself you too drank of the deadly wine. But you had an antidote in the form of the whites of a dozen eggs ready to hand; you lived while Marsh died." Cumberland made a gesture of dis- gust and turned away. "You're mad, man--stark, raving mad," he said contemptuously. "Your plan was very clever," Mount- fort continued, "and had it not been for an accidental word from Tom here and a moment of inspiration that came to me when I needed it most, you would never have been found out. Grayson would have hanged for the murder you committed. "It is probable that you wanted Marsh out of the way because you knew that while he was alive you would never be able to make the changes in the bank that would cover up your irregularities. Ha! You didn't think I knew about the bank? As a matter of fact, I didn't. I merely guessed, but the expression that crossed your face just then showed me that my guess was a good one. "But to continue. You emptied your decanter of all but two glasses of wine and to this wine you added enough cor- rosive sublimate to kill a man. Then you arranged the seating of your guests on the tragic night so that Grayson, who was known to hate Marsh, would be near the wine and therefore the logical person to pour it when you called for it. He did pour it and Marsh died. Then everyone believed that he, Grayson, must have poisoned Marsh's glass, since you yourself had drunk from the same de- canter and suffered no bad effects. That was because no one had seen you rush to your bathroom after your guests had gone and drink down the whites of eggs that saved your life." "But do you think you can make a jury believe that silly yam?" Cumber- land snarled. "Yes. You see, I am able to show them the bottle in which the poison came and bring before them a druggist from a town fifty miles away who will swear that on the 26th of March he sold you a quantity of corrosive sublimate on the excuse that you wanted to kill an ailing dog." At Mountfort's last statement, Cum- berland straightened himself, and wheel- ing, dashed into his bedroom. Before either Mountfort or I could reach the door it was slammed to and bolted. Then as we pounded on its panels, we heard the sharp crack of a pistol shot. Mountfort stepped back and said : "There, Tom, was Cumberland's confession to the murder of Robert Marsh." III Later that night after the authori- ties had taken charge in Cumberland's house and Mountfort and I had made our depositions before the District At- torney, my friend told me how he had discovered Cumberland's guilt. "I deserve no credit, Tom," he said modestly. "When I was in a highly keyed-up state, open to every sort of influence, you gave me a hint. I fol- lowed it--that was all." "I gave you a hint!" I repeated in amazement. Mountfort nodded. 