The Campaign for Vengeance 67 Rudie Breen waiting on her corner. "I missed you last night, Miss Daly," he said. "I--I kind of owe you some- thing for that stunt you pulled. Will you let me take you to supper?" "Where would you--take--?" "Well, personally, I lean to Chinese grub. But you can name the place--" "A chop-suey joint it is," said Miss Daly. "I won't have to change cos- tumes." She had guessed--and correctly-- that Breen would sit in one of the pri- vate booths with her. And it was part of her scheme to encourage his friend- ship. "Where ya hail from, Miss Daly?" asked Breen, after they had been served. "Chicago." After a long pause, Breen leaned across the table. "Now look here--I got more than fat above my ears, and while I ain't perfect, conceit ain't none of my faults. So I ain't believin' you pulled that trick that saved me because you were head over heels in love with sincerely yours." He lowered his voice. "I take it consequently that the dicks got something on you, or, that you were getting square with 'em for something that happened previously. Now which is it?" Then, for the first time was Rudie Breen favored with a smile. "Listen, Mr. Breen, my quarrel with the cops is a private affair. That's that." "I ain't inquisitive, Miss Daly. When you say you got a quarrel with 'em, that's enough for me." Again a pause. Then Rudie, "Where you workin'?" "Stapleton's." "Gettin' much?" "No!" "Can you typewrite and stenogra- phate ?" "Little." "H'm." Breen took a morning edi- tion of a newspaper from his pocket and passed it to Miss Daly. He pointed to a want-ad. "Now here's a job for someone with--brains. Someone like you." Rita Daly read the advertisement. J. Stanley Bradshaw, Trinidad Building, Broadway, wanted a stenographer. "What makes it such a good job?" asked Rita. "Well--I happen to know--never mind how--that this J. Stanley is a tricky customer. He's in the promoting game and he generally promotes thin air. Now a person workin' on the in- side might get the goods on him and--" "Squeeze him a bit, eh?" "You ketch on fast, Miss Daly." "Thank you. But without references, how could I get--" "I'd fix that part--the references. Well?" "Almost anything is better than a department store," said Rita Daly. . . . The next morning, when Rita came out of her house, Rudie Breen handed her a white envelope. On her way downtown in the subway, she took the letter out of the envelope and read it. It was typewritten on paper which bore the letterhead, Hygrade Novelty Jewelry Co., 111 Fifth Avenue. It assured "whomever it may concern" that Miss Rita Daly had worked four years as stenographer for the under- signed and had always given splendid and efficient services. Harold Creighton was the undersigned. Rita smiled rather grimly as she re- placed the letter inside the envelope. She had evidently rendered a great ser- vice to someone when she turned out the lights of the Bird's-Eye and that some- one--or perhaps someones--was repay- ing the favor. J. S. Bradshaw, a tall, white-haired, black-eyed man, theatrically handsome, took on Miss Daly immediately after reading her letter of introduction. After 