30 Appearances Are Deceiving Garbett had the uncomfortable feeling that he hadn't a thing to say, but he wished Mazie would not look as though she was about to cry. . "Have you got--it?" she asked. 'It' meaning Dan's solvent. "Yes, and a quart of something else." And then the announcer wailed his unintelligible and garbled song, which rose high and echoed from the ceiling, a signal that a train going for some- where was soon to depart. III Long lines of apple trees, mostly plucked of their fruit, could be seen from the car windows, Velma was a thriving town, boasting a drug-store, several large stores that kept in stock everything from needles, on through clothing, china, typewriters, tobacco, furniture, up to literature--the works of Harold Bell Wright. It had a garage, and the county jail, as well as that prosperous, at present, financial institution--the First National Bank. Garbett turned in between the stuc- coed Colonial pillars of the bank, and entered the building. Behind a wire wall, beyond the desks and books, in the center of the ground floor, was the modern up-to-date bank safe. "Young man, I'm glad to see you! Just in time for lunch!" said Peter Riddick, coming out from behind the wire wall. To this white-haired, portly, beaming bank president, every male was "Young man." "Sit down, and rest yourself first," he invited, leading the way into his private office, "and then we'll go home for food." In the banker's office Garbett told his carefully prepared story. He was, he said, on his way to Washington, but he had stopped off for an hour or two. He was expected in the Capital on the following morning, so he could not accept Mr. Riddick's instant invitation to spend the night. All the time the crook was remembering the appearance of the inside of the bank; he had a mental picture of its interior now, and he would refresh it later, when they went to lunch. Garbett opened his suitcase and extracted a bottle and a corkscrew. While Peter Riddick waited expec- tantly, the crook sent the steel deep into the cork. "Have you got a glass?" asked Gar- bett, a trace of nervousness in his man- ner. He had made a mistake; he was about to open the bottle of solvent. "I'll get one," the bank president said, and departed with a smile of anticipation. The moment he was out of the room, Garbett tore the corkscrew out, and hastily changed bottles. Almost at once the white-haired man returned with two glasses. He saw Garbett try- ing to force a crumbling corkscrew into place. "Very poor steel. Sorry." The crook laughed at his own futile efforts. As fast as he thrust the corkscrew down it crumbled into bits. Peter Riddick was plainly puzzled; he tapped the corkscrew with a blunt finger. The steel flaked off, and fell to the floor, and he rubbed it with his shoe. Now, the flakes were a fine powder that disappeared into the rug beneath his foot. Finally, the contents of the other bottle were sampled and approved, and then the crook was taken on a tour of the bank. He was shown the safe, and its various burglar-proof features, the workings of the time-lock, and an ex- planation of the way the safe was made fireproof. Garbett professed a total lack of knowledge of bank safes, though such was far from the case. Garbett felt not the slightest twinge of conscience. His profession was, in 