The Light That Lies By Pettersen Marzoni WHIRLING dust devils danced down the sun-baked road. The heat from a brazen sky beat on the head of the man concealed in a clump of summer-dried bushes. The heavy woolen garb of the State prison clung to his bulky shoulders, which seemed to steam under the fierce sun. Eight hours before, he had crawled into the shelter of the brush, and he had at least eight hours to wait. He was afraid to sleep, had sleep been possible in the overpowering heat. He knew that the chase was on. There was reason enough to pursue Convict 1836, now free, aside from the fact that in a house without the prison walls a widow mourned a dead guard. The escape had been planned care- fully, and so far each detail had worked out perfectly. Except the dead guard. That had been one of the con- tingencies considered probable but hoped improbable. However, what was, was, and the man dismissed the thought. He was to be hanged anyway. The road was empty of traffic. It was a short cut through a mountain pass from the main highway. Rarely used, it was chosen by the man's friends. That morning at dawn he had drawn back, eyes gleaming hatred and the defiance of a wolf at bay, as he watched a car of guards drive madly down the road in the direction of Bayfield. The convict had lived there, so it was the first place of search. The man almost laughed at the simplicity of their reasoning. For hours he lay still in his thin cover of brush, fearing to seek the cooler shadows of the scrubby willows he could see in the hollow just below him. The guards might return. He tried to review the details of his fur- ther flight. The car would come for him at eight that night; they would detour around Bayfield to Edgewood. He wondered who would drive the car--they hadn't told him. But it was too hot to think. He had to find shade. The thin mesquite offered no protection from the sun now high overhead. And those willows looked so cool. He decided to try for them. Cautiously he began to work his way down through the scrub growth. He was afraid to leave the bushes and to keep behind them he couldn't rise to his feet. Once he slipped and rolled down a little gully. A sharp flint at the bottom gashed his head. The blood from.the cut mingled with the streaked grime on his face. With oaths he removed the spines of a prickly pear from an incautious hand. The trip of the night before was as nothing to the slow crawl through the all-too- thin fringe of brush. Finally he slipped into the clumps of willows. Luxuriously he buried his face in the rank grass--growth of the recent Spring rains. He stretched him- self at length and reached for his cigarettes. Then he remembered he couldn't risk a smoke. But it was almost cool here anyway. He sat up and looked around. A de- pression hid him from the road if he kept his head down. The leaves hid 35 