Exterior to the Evidence 11 CHAPTER III The Confidential Clerk Had Lucas Etherton come home to dinner, his daughter's naturally healthy appetite would have done justice to the carefully cooked food which always ap- peared on the table at Low Hall. But as things were, Letty could make no more than a pretense of eating, and she was glad to escape and get out into a favorite quiet nook in the garden. That had been an ideal day of spring, full of warmth and brightness, but the events of the last two hours had driven all its color away. What was the secret which Lucas Etherton had evi- dently been keeping to himself ? Why should he take old Sir Cheville into his confidence about it? Why did he not take her into that confidence?--he and she had been inseparable, ever since she had come home from school eighteen months earlier. But, to be sure, there was a reason why her father was taking Sir Cheville into counsel--he owed Sir Cheville five thousand pounds. It galled her to think that money was owing to this proud, arrogant old man. There was a great deal of old-fashioned pride in the Etherton race, and Letty had her full share of it, and it was peculiarly distasteful to her to know that her father owed money to Marston Stanbury's uncle which he could not pay on demand, and about which he spoke with curious uncertainty and vagueness. Moreover, she was utterly puzzled by what she had learned that afternoon. Her father's mill was al- ways running, he was employing four Qr five hundred workpeople, and there must be a lot of money about some- where. Why, then, did he not pay Sir Cheville Stanbury his five thousand pounds and have done with him? And why, having said with emphasis that he wouldn't tell Sir Cheville his plans if he owed him fifty thousand, did he suddenly turn round and say that, after all, he would take him into his confi- dence ? Letty Etherton was one of those peo- ple who become utterly miserable if left alone with a wearing secret. If her father had only come home that eve- ning, she would have made a clean breast to him of her knowledge of what had happened at the mill, and have begged him to tell her what it all meant. But Lucas had not come, was not com- ing; she did not even know where his business had taken him. And there was no mother to turn to--Mrs. Etherton had been dead some years--and no brother and no sister. She needed a confidential ear that could be trusted, and the knowledge of this sent her thoughts instinctively flying to her god- father, Mr. Nicholas Getherfield, an old gentleman who lived, all alone, in a queer old house seven miles higher up the valley. To think of Mr. Getherfield, with his sweet, quiet, old-world manners, his ready sympathy and understanding, was sufficient to make Letty long to go to him, and within a few minutes she had made up her mind; had got out her bicycle and taken the road which led far into the wilder, uninhabited parts of Lithersdale. In half an hour she had left the mills and houses behind, and was following a winding track that ran between the river and the hillside. And there, as she turned the corner of a coppice of stunted oak trees, just then bursting into leaf, she came face to face with her father's clerk, Bradwell Pike, who was busily engaged at the road- side, mending a puncture in the tube of his bicycle. Letty had no reason for sharing the boyish aversion which Marston always manifested whenever Pike crossed his path. She had known Pike ever since she was ten years old. He was as much a feature of the Old Mill as the ancient 