70 The Campaign for Vengeance you, 'Miss Daly, good evening.' You give him this note. That's all. And tell the chauffeur to drive like hell." The girl stumbled out of the office. She went through her performance me- chanically, almost as one in a trance. And after she had delivered the note, she went home--to her own home, the home she had not seen in over a month. But even in her stupor she did not fail to take a circuitous path, lest she be tracked. Alone in her own room she threw herself face down on her bed and wept. But out of no pity for Bradshaw. She knew him to have been thoroughly cor- rupt and remorseless. On his part, he too would have killed and shown no regret. Her feeling was one of pity and sym- pathy for herself. She manipulated that strange psychological absurdity whereby a person can be thoroughly emotional and subjective and yet consider self in an objective way. In her memory flashed the image of a slight, wistful, lovely girl taking a terrible oath of vengeance. "May the soul and flesh of me writhe in agony"--such was her vow--"till my mission be done!" Well . . . the tentacles of the mon- ster Evil had gripped her. There could be no quitting now. When planning the theft with the rat Breen, she had made him promise to come unarmed. He had not kept that promise. She was now chained to him and his kind by the crime in which she had participated. A sardonic Fate seemed intent on forcing upon her an exquisite torture and wringing from her the ultimate in sacrifice, before granting the sweet sat- isfaction she knew must be hers. . . . VII Judging by every standard and pre- cept by which she had hitherto lived, it was clearly Rita's duty to submit to arrest. But emotionally such an act was utterly inconceivable. The fierce hatred and cruelty that had been generated by the killing of her brother Jimmy quite precluded the cessation, at the present time, of her campaign for vengeance. And as the night wore on and her confusion and torment subsided, it be- came apparent to her that to surrender now was an unsound step from a logical point of view. The greater guilt was Rudie Breen's; he had broken his word to her, he had come armed, and he had killed. Why should she suffer alone? She could not be sure that the police would catch him, and even if they did--sup- pose Rudie denied complicity and with the help of his crowd proved an alibi? It would be her word against his. No, clearly the thing to do was to put off action until she had Breen in a position where he, too, could he punished. Before dawn, Rita left her home and went back to her room on Fourth Street. She fell quickly into a dreamless sleep from which she did not waken till eight o'clock. On raising her shade she saw what she expected: Rudie Breen was waiting on her corner. She went down at once. He did not look in the least like a man who had committed a murder on the previous evening. His manner betrayed no ex- citement or anxiety. The inevitable cigarette hung carelessly from his lips. And now, for the first time, Rita became curious about Rudie's actions after she had left the office. This, strangely, had up to this given her no concern; she had been too worried about the enormity of the crime to wonder about the steps Rudie had taken to protect himself. -But now she was all eagerness to ask questions. "What'd you do, Rudie? Haw'd you-- ?" "We'll have breakfast together," he 