Appearances Are Deceiving 29 Bank of Velma, Delaware! The limit- less opportunities here! Opportunities for an honest young man, of course. Garbett shook hands with Peter Rid- dick, and they parted with mutual ex- pressions of esteem. And the crook put the bank president's card carefully away where he could find it in'case of need. The fifty dollars was invested in a present for Mazie. II Needs, unfortunately, have a habit of arising. Two days after Mazie had finished her work the proprietor of the wholesale silk establishment had a new burglar alarm system put in and en- gaged the services of a private detective agency. Therefore when Garbett and his as- sociates began their activities a number of things happened. Bells burst into sound, gray-clad private detectives rushed to the warehouse, and a rapid and undignified retreat was in order. One of the gang, 'Red' Somer, the look- out, did not escape, and he was re- quested to mention the names of his fellow criminals. Garbett heard the call of the far and distant places. Red might not squeal, and then again he might. A bullet had pierced his thigh, he was kept inv a hospital with a policeman stationed at the foot of his bed, and he had always been talkative. If Red made state- ments, Garbett would be visited by blue- coats, and the crook did not care to meet officers of the law in either a social or a business way. Peter Riddick's card was still in his possession, so Garbett decided to visit Velma, Delaware. With his usual care, he made thoughtful and intelligent preparations. First, he traveled to a small suburban town in New Jersey, and went straight to a hardware store on a side street. Dan McKee was a black-haired man in the late fortie who wore a ferocious mustache behind a long black cigar. In the rear of Dan's tiny store was as complete and well-equipped a laboratory as even an instructor in chemistry could desire. It was rumored that Dan had made a discovery that would be of great bene- fit to a certain section of the world's inhabitants. Sfeveral drops of water will soften a lump of sugar; gold will dissolve 'in chlorin and aqua regia, or nitromuriatic acid; and Dan's solvent had a swift and penetrating effect upon even the hardest and most burglar- proof steel. Poured upon a knife- blade, it turned the blade into a paper- like substance. Properly applied to a safe, it would turn the metal into ma- terial of the consistency of cheese. The solvent did not attack aluminum or glass or rubber. After a demonstration of the solvent, Garbett purchased a quart of the neces- sary liquid and returned to New York to say farewell, and 'I'll be back next week' to Mazie. In the Pennsylvania Station, Garbett made his farewell to Mazie. She was small and slender; she had a huge flood of golden brown hair; she wore a tan and deep blue scarf and a swagger coat suit of russet brown. "Goodby," said Mazie bravely, wondering whether Garbett would think of her every moment that he was away. "Bring me back a souvenir--something pretty." "Any particular kind of souvenir?" he asked, glancing up at the enormous clock with its black hands and Roman numerals. "Oh--something--something I can wear in my hair," she suggested. A moment of thoughtful silence. Mazie knew of a hundred things she wanted to say, but she couldn't decide which one was the most important. 