38 The Light That Lies didn't know the road to Edgewood, and Long might turn off the Bayfield when he reached the highway. How could he find out ? Then, too, there was the real car Slim Bates was sending after him. Per- haps that was roaring down the, road behind him even now. Apparently it had been due just when he arrived. He stepped on the accelerator as the car started to climb the last grade where the cutoff joined the main highway. The lights of Edgewood would be in sight then, and he would have to decide quickly whether to try the run for Bay- field. The car reached the top of the grade and shot down the road at a speed that drove the convict against the back of the car. "Slow down, bo, slow down," came the harsh command from the back seat. "Do you want one of these Bayfield speed cops stopping us ? They used to hang around here." Long's question was answered. He had to keep on to Edgewood. The man on the rear seat stirred un- easily. Why was Slim getting so care- ful? And if he couldn't come himself, why did he have to pick an outsider? This one could drive all right, but he didn't like it. He'd tell Slim so when he met him. "Where'd you say Slim was going to meet me?" he asked again. "At the Edgewood Hotel; I will have to go for him"; Long had to stick by his story. The convict didn't like the idea of the hotel. Why didn't Slim pick out one of the regular hangouts. "How you goin' to get me in that hotel? I can't go through the front. Slim must be crazy sending me to a hotel where the bulls could find me with- out lookin'." Why had Slim picked out a hotel? It didn't seem natural. Again Long took a chance. "A hotel is just the place they wouldn't look for you. It's too public. I'll take you up the back way." "And have everybody asking why. No you don't." "No one will see you but the porter, and he knows me. I live there." If he could get the man to his room he might find a way. That menacing tone behind him had driven out any thought of attempting to hail an officer. "Well, see that you keep to the dark streets. I don't like this much," and the convict's tone carried dread. They were in the outskirts of Edge- wood, and the man on the back seat pulled the cap down over his eyes and huddled into a comer. His eyes never left Long's hands as they gripped the steering wheel. He wasn't quite sure of this driver, even though he talked so smoothly. And Long gave up hope of being stopped by a policeman. That first cau- tion about driving had been sufficient. He was going carefully now. Through side streets and up alleys he drove and he twisted and turned by devious ways. Long could not shake off the thought of Slim Bates following close behind. Finally he brought the car to a stop. In an instant the convict was leaning over him, and Long's vision of the re- volver at his back was a reality. "What are you doin'?" he demanded. A nameless iron door showed under the glare of a light. Iron doors meant barred windows to the man who had done murder to escape them. And there was murder in his voice now. "This is the back door of the Edge- wood Hotel," and Long struggled to keep his voice steady. "Wait until I get the porter." "Don't you leave me. Just knock until he comes." So, Long knocked and prayed that no questions would be asked by whoever opened it. Eventually the knock was 