10 Exterior to the Evidence Sir Cheville abruptly. "If you don't pay me my money by ten o'clock to- morrow morning, I'll instruct Birch to serve you with a writ! That's final!" Etherton looked up from his desk, and it seemed to his daughter that a new mood showed itself in his face. "Birch?" he said slowly. "Ah ! Now, do you mind telling me if you ever told Birch that I owe you this money ?" "No, I have not, sir!" retorted Sir Cheville indignantly. "I'm not in the habit of telling my solicitor that I lend anything--as I have done, more than once. But I shall tell him--now!" "Don't!" said Etherton, with a pecu- liar glance. "Don't! If you please." "Why not, sir?" demanded Sir Che- ville. Etherton looked hard at his creditor for several seconds. "Because it would upset certain plans of mine," he answered. "That's all." Sir Cheville pulled himself up and stared back. "Plans! What plans ?" he asked. "Tell me!" "No!" replied Etherton. "Certainly not! Not if I owed you fifty thousand. And I'd like to know why you come upon me suddenly with a demand for five? You're a very rich man, Sir Cheville, and you don't want it." Sir Cheville turned round to the win- dow and for a moment looked out in silence. Suddenly he turned again to the manufacturer. "Do you know what's being said about you, Etherton?" he asked in a low voice. "It's rumoured that you're in Queer Street! Now, if I am in pretty comfortable circumstances my- self--well, even if I am a rich, a very rich man, I'm not going to lose my money. I have other people to consider. Now, it seems to be a fact that you can't lay your hands on five thousand pounds, in spite of your apparently big business, and so on. So--" Etherton suddenly lifted his hand as if to command silence. He pointed to the curtain which shut off his clerk's room, and then called quietly: "Pike! Are you there?" There was no answer, and Etherton turned to his visitor. "I thought I heard a step in that room," he said. "That clerk of mine has a foot like a cat. Well, Sir Cheville, I see I shall have to give you my con- fidence, after all. Come this way, if you please." Etherton rose from his desk, mo- tioned Sir Cheville to follow him, and crossed over to the opposite doorway. He held the curtain aside; the visitor stepped through; he himself followed. And at that Letty turned, went down the private staircase, and crossing the garden and orchard climbed slowly up the hillside to Low Hall. The comfort and pleasantness of the old house struck her painfully as she walked into its great stone porch. Any one entering it for the first time would have said that here was an ideal house filled with all that mortal could desire. And yet, as she now knew, there was something wrong, and some secret, and money owing to Marston Stanbury's uncle which her father could not pay. And--she could only wait. She was waiting at six o'clock when Etherton rang her up on the telephone. "Letty," he said hurriedly, "I shan't be home to dinner, nor tonight, at all; I've got to go away on business. Take care of yourself!" "Oh!" she answered. "Can't you run up for five minutes? Or shall I come down ? Do let me!" "No!" he replied. "Can't manage either. I'm off, just now. See you in the morning. By-by!" He rang off there and then, and the girl turned disconsolately away--to find the parlor-maid at her elbow. Dinner was ready, and she must sit down alone. 