The Campaign for Vengeance 73 moustache. "Since Breen's been so damn careless, I can at least be frank. You're here by The Mogul's invitation. The Mogul, part of whose business it is to know everything the police would like to know, has learned of the courage and quick-wittedness you displayed at the dance hall and in' connection with the Bradshaw business. He suggested that you be brought into our circle. His identity and whereabouts must remain a secret to you until you have gradu- ated from the actors' class to the ranks of those who can also direct. For the present you will be under orders to me. That's all I can say." "I like it here," said Rita, "I think I'll stay." That night, in her comfortable bed- room in Creighton's home, Rita vowed again her terrible vow against The Mogul. She was now in one of the inner circles of his scheme of opera- tions ; she felt that circumstances would inevitably bring her to the circle's centre and face to face with the man who had taken her brother's life. A kindly Fate helped her to win her way quickly into the complete confi- dence of her associates in crime. As Rita suspected, the Creightons first used her as a bait to lure philanderers to their ruin. The first victim offered by Fate was so detestable a specimen that Rita actually enjoyed the part she played in the slaughter. Rinault was his name; he was the florid, flabby, fat type, with a wrinkled, greasy stout neck. We will gloss over the details of his brief courtship. Rinault was not original; he mingled braggadocio with flattery and indulged in all the inanities of his breed. He made two mistakes; he wrote letters to Rita and, in a careless moment some years back, he had married. That made it easy for Creighton. After Rita had ten letters, she was ex- cused from bothering further with Rinault. Creighton handled the dan- gerous work--the negotiations for the purchase of the missives. The deal netted four'thousand dollars. After that first success, Rita became a member in good standing in bad soci- ety. No secrets were withheld from her; she was of the initiate. She got to know the members of the organization and the nature of their work. The ramifications of the organization astounded her; there was no type of crime in which The Motjul did not dabble. He was a systematic gentleman. His followers were divided into cliques, each of which specialized in one particular type of crime. Each clique was bossed by one of The Mogul's personal repre- sentatives--Henry Wortz was head of the counterfeiters, Tony Iglanowas gen- eralissimo of a strong-arm squad, Frank Yost directed the dips, George Geiger, an ex-jeweler, acted as fence, Rudie Breen was the safe expert, and Harry Harker managed the crew that trafficked in drugs. Add the Creightons, experts in the gentle art of blackmail, and your list of The Mogul's lieutenants is com- plete. Naturally Rita was often in a posi- tion where she could have betrayed one or more of her delightful companions to the authorities, but she sat tight till all possible doubt of her trustworthiness was removed. Then finally there was presented to her the chance to lop off --without risking self-betrayal--a most important branch of The Mogul's or- ganization. And once this feat was ac- complished, the incidents of her career led swiftly to a startling and dramatic denouement. IX It was the solicitude of Sergeant Alan Nevins--one time fiance, more re- cently "stranger" to Rita--that made her first triumph possible. Rita had put him on his honor to attempt no 