44 The Trap back upon his pillow and reflected upon the situation. Was his course of action best suited to bring out the man he wanted? Would the head of the or- ganization of thieves attempt a personal blow when so many of his agents con- tinued to fail? Did he lack personal courage or was he, perhaps, known to Smith and feared recognition in the event of a failure to kill? These and similar thoughts occupied the mind of the man upon the carriage seat until he was suddenly interrupted in a most unexpected manner. II Leaping to his feet Smith pressed an ear1 against the thin partition which separated his compartment from the one in the rear. Above the noise of the train he had distinctly heard a feminine shriek. Again, with his ear against the wood, he heard the high-pitched agonized call of a woman. The screams changed quickly to a low groaning which could scarcely be distinguished and then only the rattle of the train remained. For an instant Smith reached for the chain of the emergency alarm but, changing his mind, opened the door and leaned out. It was before the time that the Government did away with the running-boards on account of the number of murders by assassins who crept along the outside of trains and struck through the open windows at those who slept. Smith glanced at the foot-board with a question in his eyes. It was possible --just possible--that the little man had not jumped off the train, after all. With care he could have bent low and crept back along the train. Would he have dared to attack a woman so close to an agent of the Criminal Intelligence Department ? Smith thought not. Was it a trap ? It seemed impossible. No matter what might be the ex- planation, a woman in distress had called--and Smith swung himself out upon the running-board. As he clung to the hand-grips on the outside of the swaying train and worked his way backward the head of Langa Doonh protruded from one of the windows. "Sahib?" the boy whispered en- quiringly. Smith placed a finger upon his lips and motioned his servant back just as he passed the last of his own compart- ment windows. A hurt look spread over the face of the native boy as he withdrew from the window. Sometimes, when his master went upon particularly hazardous ex- peditions, Langa Doonh was left be- hind. The boy grieved over these oc- currences but, above all else, he had to obey. To disobey Smith sahib was so utterly impossible as to be beyond his imagination. There being nothing else to do, Langa Doonh decided to clean the com- partment once more. He was bending over to brush up the dust and cinders that had accumulated when something hard flew through the window upon the opposite side of the train to that upon which Smith had made his exit. Langa Doonh fell senseless to the floor, while a heavy rock lay by his head. Instantly the almost naked body of a native wriggled through the window from whence the stone had come. The intruding native knelt quickly and proceeded to bind the hands and feet of his victim with a stout cord that he took from around his waist. With a strip torn from his loin-cloth he forced a gag into Langa Doonh's mouth and dragged him most un- ceremoniously back into his tiny com- partment, the door of which he bolted before climbing out through the same window through which he had entered. As Smith reached the first window 