The Light That Lies 39 answered, and a negro stuck his head out. The convict settled back in his seat, but Long could still feel in mem- ory the ominous thrust of the revolver muzzle. "Whacha want?" the porter de- manded. "Howdy, Mista Long, I didn't reckugnize you. Is they anythin' the mattah ?" "Nothing, Julius. Just a friend of mine in an accident, and I want to take him upstairs the back way to my room." "Come right on in. It's suttinly too bad. Is you hurt much?" and Julius looked with amazement at the dust- covered, blood-streaked man who ac- companied Long. But the negro went without an answer as he took them up in the freight elevator. The corridors were empty as Long led the way to his room. "Slim said not to telephone, but to come for him," Long said when they were inside. "You wash up, and I'll go get him." "Looka here. I don't like this. Slim ain't actin' right." "He figured it out as the best way. I'm risking my neck helping you now. You will have to fight it out with Slim. I'd take you out, but Slim said he would bring your clothes when I got you here. You can't wear mine." The convict didn't reply as he felt the constriction of the dust coat across his burly shoul- ders. "Make yourself comfortable. I'll bring Slim back with me," Long started for the door. "Well, see't you make it snappy," and the convict threw himself onto the bed. He stretched himself luxuriously. This was something like. He was al- most free now. Slim would have the rest of it all arranged. He burrowed his way down into the softness of the bed. How tired he was. That guy who brought him here wasn't so bad, after all. He would tell him so when he came back. He thought at first he'd made a mistake. But old Slim knew what he was doing, and now Slim was coming. Nothing further to worry about. A knock on the door roused him from a doze. Sleepily he rose to his feet. Slim was here, and soon he could go to bed for a week. He crossed the room hastily and opened the door. With mouth agape he stared into a revolver in the hands of a detective. III Back in the Bayfield cutoff Slim Bates raised the hood of his car, drawn into the bushes at the side of the road, and cursed. Every connection had been tom loose from the fuse-board. 