Appearances Are Deceiving By George B. Jenkins, Jr. I GARBETT squeezed himself out of the East Side subway train, walked through the tunnel, and took a shuttle train that would disgorge its passengers at Times Square. He hung to a strap in complete oblivion of his surroundings, for his mind was busy with the "trick" he was planning. Mazie had been loitering in the vicinity of the wholesale silk house for the last two weeks. On the following evening she would be ready to report. At that time she would give him a com- plete description of the location, to- gether with a floor-plan of the building, showing all entrances and exits. Then, there remained the selection of the men he would use, and hiring the trucks to carry away the loot, and making ar- rangements for selling the silk. Garbett was an executive. He planned crimes as business men plan advertising or selling campaigns, and with equal skill and intelligence. Not once during his long career had he ventured upon an undertaking without first making careful and thorough in- vestigations. Quick to take advantage of every opportunity, he nevertheless had a code of ethics. He preferred to scheme and plan rather than to wait for a lucky chance. And he had the skilled worker's justifiable contempt for blunderings and amateurish crudities. As he stepped from the shuttle train and hurried through the underground tunnel that crawls under Broadway, his mind was busy. Nothing must be left to Fate, every possibility must be an- ticipated. For half of his thirty- four years he had been in active con- flict with law and order. Consequently, even in his moments of concentration he was unconsciously alert. A portly, white-haired gentleman, moving with the dignity demanded by his weight and build, was walking a short distance before Garbett. A thin clerk, spripting for a train, collided with Peter Riddick, and raced on with- out apology. A bobbed, trim stenog- rapher, after completing her toilette with the aid of a pocket mirror, jolted the white-haired gentleman. And Peter Riddick's long, flat, leather wallet, dis- turbed from its repose in his hip pocket, fell to the grimy floor. Temptation reared its tempting head within the crook's mind. Unaware of his loss, Peter Riddick continued upon his peaceful though buffeted way. Garbett stopped and picked up the purse. The thunderous roar of racing sub- way trains, the voices of bellowing sub- way guards as they called the name of the station, the conversations and shuffling feet of hundreds of subway dwellers, mingled and blended, sound- ing like the murmurous roar of angry surf breaking upon a rocky shore. Garbett stared at the purse a second, and then he smiled scornfully at the voice of Temptation. He had not ac- quired this purse and contents in a legitimate and honorable way. Neither had he secured it through his own skill or cunning. Anyone, irrespective of their intelligence or ability, might have found it. Garbett had worked in crowds before when he had been serving under an 27 