The Campaign for Vengeance 71 broke in. "The Chink will fix us up something." When they were once more in a pri- vate booth at the Chink's, Rudie talked. "Mr. J. Stanley Bradshaw has disap- peared," said Rudie. "That's all." "But how--?" "Me and my friend Harry--the gent you slipped my note to, have fixed it. Bradshaw's office is on the fourth floor --his outer room window faces a court- yard. Darker than a coal mine that courtyard--and you can get into it from a nice quiet street. Harry brought me a long rope--then he went down into the yard and I lowered the body. We had a closed car waiting. Me, I cleaned up his office. No sign of anything-- Simple, what?" "Where is the body?" "Well--there's a nice deep river within four blocks of the Trinidad Building." "What do I do?" "Go to work, as usual. Bradshaw won't show up. He has no family. Maybe his housekeeper will ask the cops to find him. They may question you and the rest of the office force. All you know is that you left his office last night while he was still out to supper. They'll think he skipped." "Will they find the records that show he's been doing a fraudulent bus--?" "Nix. I opened the safe and took that letter from the.mine experts." "That's where you pulled a bone, Rudie. You should have left that let- ter. Then the cops would know he's a crook and that would motivate the dis- appearance. "You're a wise little cracker," grinned Rudie. "But it so happens we don't care a rap what the police think about Bradshaw's disappearance, and remem- ber this: it's always a good policy to grab inside information whenever you can; Bradshaw may not have been run- ning this thing alone. See? And if anyone else pops up to continue his scheme--why with the help of that let- ter, we'll be able to squeeze 'em. At any rate, them was my sentiments; and besides, orders from The Mogul is orders and--what's the matter?" The Mogul! Rita had started and fumbled her cup when the words were spoken. With her very first adventure she had stumbled into a scheme in which The Mogul was involved. So The Mogul had given orders that Bradshaw's letter was to be taken in any event! "What's the matter ?" repeated Rudie. He had noticed her astonishment. It was impossible now to feign indiffer- ence. The safest maneuvre, she felt, was to be frankly curious, and also a bit angry because of the meddling of an outsider. Emphasis was called for. She over- came her natural aversion to profanity and asked boldly, "The Mogul? And who in the hell is The Mogul?" "That," replied Rudie pleasantly, "is none of your damn business. ..." It was two weeks before the official investigation into the disappearance of Bradshaw got seriously under way. Meanwhile, the employees (besides Rita, there were but three--a book- keeper, a typist and a file clerk) had hunted up other jobs. Rita was ques- tioned by the police and said that on the evening of Bradshaw's disappear- ance she had left the office at seven- thirty while he was out to supper. The hall man remembered seeing Bradshaw come back from supper, but he couldn't place the time definitely; he guessed it was before eight. The shareholders in Bradshaw's mine formed an organization to inquire into the matter. It took several months be- fore they discovered the details of the fraud. But this investigation, since it 