Exterior to the Evidence (A Detective Novel in Five Parts) By J. S. Fletcher Author of "The Middle Temple Murder," Etc., Etc. Editor's Note. The Black Mask takes pride in presenting herewith what it considers to be not only J. S. Fletcher's masterpiece in mystery writing, but, as well, the best detective novel that has made its appearance since the heyday of Conan Doyle and Sherlock Holmes. Mr. Fletcher, as is well known, is the greatest living winter of mystery fiction. His earlier novel, "The Middle Temple Murder," made a sensation upon its publication in America. We confidently believe that "Exterior to the Evidence'' will duplicate its success. CHAPTER I Youth AT the extreme height of a broken and widespreading moorland a vast mass of dark rock rose abruptly from the heather and ling, and on its table-like crown some man or men had built a high and tapering cairn of stone. A girl sat on a boulder at the foot of the rocks, on a cloudless afternoon in the middle of May, looking fixedly along a narrow sheep-track which ran towards the sharply defined edge of the moor. As a figure suddenly showed itself far off against the sky-line, the girl's quick eyes recognised her lover, and she sprang to her feet and went forward to meet him. "Marston!--you're an hour late!" she called in clear, ringing tones while they were yet thirty yards apart. "I've been up there at the Pike since two o'clock, and it's three now, if it isn't more!" The boy thus hailed came hurrying along, panting and out of breath, flung himself on a cluster of heather, and pulling out a handkerchief began to mop his forehead. "By George, and so would you have been late if you'd been in my shoes!" he exclaimed. "The wonder is that I'm here at all! There's been the very deuce to pay at our place since lunch, and yet, by George, I don't know which I've done most of as I came along--lost my breath with hurrying to get here, or laughed till my sides ached!" The girl stood for a moment looking thoughtfully at him. He was a well- knit, handsome, open-faced lad of no more than twenty or twenty-one in ap- pearance, though in reality he was al- ready twenty-three; fair-haired, blue- eyed, typically English, and bearing all the signs and marks of fresh air and outdoor life. She herself was a dark beauty--the hair that showed under her hat was black and glossy, the colouring of her cheeks almost gipsylike. A smile began to dimple the corners of her full red lips, and she suddenly laughed softly as she sat down on the bank 3 