WRITE THE WORDS FOR A SONG We will compose music, secure copyright, and print. Submit poems on any subject. SETON MUSIC COMPANY 920 S. Michigan Avenue, Room 114, Chicago MAKE MONEY AT HOME YOU can earn from $1 to $2 an hour in your spare time writing show cards. Quickly and easily learned by our new simple method. No canvassing or soliciting. We teach you how and guarantee you steady work at home and pay you cash each week. Full particulars and booklet free. AMERICAN SHOW CARD SCHOOL 217 Ryrie Building Toronto, Canada MUSIC LESSONS FREE You can read music like this quickly IN YOUR HOME. Write today for our FREE booklet. It tells how to learn to play Piano, Organ, Violin, Mandolin, Guitar, Banjo, etc. Beginners or ad-vanced players. Your only expense about 2c per day for music and postage used. AMERICAN SCHOOL of MUSIC, 38 LAKESIDE BLDG., CHICAGO SELL US YOUR SPARE TIME We will train you to write show cards for us. No canvassing or soliciting; we will supply you with steady work; distance no object; will pay you from $15 to $50 a week. Wilson Methods, Limited, Dept. 1P, 64 East Richmond, Toronto, Can. Eyes That Sparkle! SOMETHING NEW! Make your eyes sparkle with that won-derful, natural crystal clearness and tantalizing charm they should have. Use the new preparation, "Sparkle-Eye," guar-anteed harmless. Mail a $1.00 bill in envelope today, with your name and address, for full-size bottle of "Sparkle-Eye," sent postage paid. Satisfaction guaranteed or money refunded. Order today before this offer expires. HARDING IMPORTING CO., Dept. 65, 3104 Michigan Ave., Chicago. Ill. Dress Designing Lessons FREE Women--Girls--15 or over, can easily learn Dress and Costume Designing during their spare moments IN TEN WEEKS. Dress and Costume Design-ers Frequently Earn $45 to $100 a Week Many start parlors in their own homes. Every woman who now does plain sewing should take up Designing. Hundreds learn Millinery by Mail. Mail to FRANKLIN INSTITUTE Dept. S-602 Rochester, N.Y. Send me AT ONCE free sample lessons in the subject here checked □ Dress Designing □ Millinery Name................. Address................. Tabulator Stops Forced Alignment Fork Minimal Stops Platen Release Carriage Return Spacer Ribbon Ribbon Shift Stencil Cutter Tabulator Bay TYPEWRITER SENSATION! Free Trial--Use as You Pay Send us only $5.00 a month until the low total price of $64.85 is paid, and the machine is yours. This is absolutely the most generous typewriter offer ever made. Do not rent a machine when you can pay $5.00 a month and own one. Think of it--Buying a $100.00 Machine for $64.85. Cash price, $59.85, just a little more than half its original price. L. C. SMITH Model No. 5 Perfect machines. Standard size. Keyboard of Standard Universal arrangement. 42 Keys, writing 84 characters-- universally used In teaching the touch system. The entire line of writing completely visible at all times. has the tabulator, the two color ribbon, with auto- matic reverse, the back spacer, ball bearing type bars, ball bearing carrlage action, ball bearing shift action, In fact every late style feature and modern operating convenience. Comes to you with everything complete; tools, cover, operating book and Instructions-- nothing extra to buy. You cannot imagine the perfection of this beautiful reconstructed typewriter until you have seen It. We have sold thousands of these perfect late style mach- ines at this bargain price and every one of these thousands of satisfied customers had this beautiful, strictly up-to- date machine on five days' free trial before deciding to buy It. We will send It to you F. O. B. Chicago for five days' free trial. It will sell Itself, but if you are not satisfied that this is the greatest typewriter you ever saw, you can return It at our expense. You won't want to return It after you try It, for you cannot equal this wonderful value anywhere. SEND NO MONEY Put In Your Order Now $4.85 AFTER When the typewriter arrives deposit with tho express agent 54.S5 and take the machine BH for five days' trial. If you arc convinced that it is the best typewriter you ever saw keep !t and send us S5.00 a month until our bargain price of $14.85 is paid. If you don't want it, return It to the express agent, receive your 54.85 and return the machine. Wo will pay the return express charges. This machine is nuurantecd Just as If you paid $100.00 for it. It Is standard. Over half a million people own and use these typewriters and think them the best ever manufactured. The supply at this price is limited, the price will probably be raised when next advertisement appears, so don't delay. Fill in the coupon to-day--tho typewriter will be shipped promptly. There Is no red tape. We employ no solicitors--no collectors--no chattel mortgage. It. is simply understood that we retain title to the machine until full $64.85 la paid. You cannot lose. It. Is tho greatest typewriter opportunity you will ever have. Do not send us one cent. Got tho coupon In the mails to-day--sure. SMITH TYPEWRITER SALES CO., 218 N. Wells St., Chicago, Ill. SMITH TYPEWRITER SALES CO., 218 N. Wells St., Chicago, Ill. Ship me the L. C. Smith Model No. 5, F. O. D. Chicago, as described In this advertisement. I will pay you $5.00 monthly as rent until the $60.00 balance of the Special 564.85 sale price Is paid. The title to remain In you until fully paid for. It la understood that I have flve days In which to examine and try the typewriter. If I choose not to keep it I will carefully repack It and return It to tho express agent. It Is understood that you give the standard guarantee. Name................................................... Street Address......................................... City....................................State.......... Occupation or Business................................. In answering advertisements, please mention THE FOLLIES TRIO 