94 The Brand of Cain legged at the side of the brazier and bowed his head. Closing his eyes as if in prayer, he mumbled to himself in an unintelligible jargon. I confess to a feeling of nervousness; I could tell from the expression on their faces that the others were the same. The tension was becoming almost un- bearable when the old man slowly raised himself to a standing position and, seizing the vessel of water, sprinkled it on the floor inside the circle, being ex- tremely careful that not a single drop fell outside the mark. "I must protect you from the powers of evil!" he explained. Keeping carefully inside the mark, he made the rounds, touching each of us lightly on the forehead, making on each of us the sign of the cross. "In the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost!" I heard him mumble to himself. Reseating himself on the floor, he again bowed his head and once more his lips moved as if in prayer. Sud- denly he fell over and for several minutes writhed about as if in terrific pain. I leaped to my feet to assist him, but the strong hand of Bram Dwyer held me back. "Remember!" he shouted. "The old man commanded us, regardless of what happened, not to cross the line!" After three or four minutes the spasms ceased and the gypsy seem- ingly none the worse for his experience arose and addressed us: "My friends," he commenced in his halting, broken English, "you have asked me here to use my arts in the de- tection of one who has committed a crime--the crime of murder. I have done my best. Inside this circle have I wrestled with the powers of darkness and the spirits of light. I know not which one of you committed this foul deed. No one knows save God. "Yet He who created all things will not allow the crime of murder to pass unnoticed. Therefore I say unto you this: "If he who committed this crime is in this room there will appear upon his forehead jthe sign of the cross-- the mark that God placed upon Cain! "This alone can I do More than that I am not allowed, for my powers are limited." He signaled for Dwyer to turn on the lights. An instant later we were blinking at the unaccustomed bright- ness. The old man seized the brazier and held it close to the face of each of us, gazing into our eyes as if seeking to read there the secret he was bent upon obtaining. Then came a shriek! A gasp of astonishment--of horror! A cry! I turned my head, my eyes following the gaze of the others. Upon the forehead of Hitchens was the sign of the cross! For a second there was silence--cold, oppressive silence. The secretary gazed from one to another of us mutely, questioningly. Then his eyes sought the mirror above the fireplace. Afterward I recalled that Dwyer had seated him in front of the glass. His face became drawn. The sweat stood out on his forehead in great beads. Slowly, as if stunned, his fingers sought the accursed mark upon his fore- head. He spat upon his hand and rubbed the spittle across the spot as if to erase it. He held the tips of his fingers in front of his eyes, surveying them thoughtfully, dazed. Then, without warning, he dropped to his knees, his arms outstretched towards the swarthy man within the circle. "I did it! I did it!" he shrieked. IV "No, I never met Lipki until yes- terday," Dwyer chuckled to us as, two hours later, Hitchens safely lodged in 