OFF ON A COMET 47 the accumulation of the same hexagonal prisms with which they had now become so familiar. Their exertions were happily rewarded. Behind a huge pyramid rock they found a hole in the mountain-side, like the mouth of a great tunnel. Climbing up to this orifice, which was more than sixty feet above the level of the sea, they ascertained that it opened into a long dark gallery. They entered and groped their way cautiously along the sides. A continuous rumbling, that increased as they ad- vanced, made them aware that they must be ap- proaching the central funnel of the volcano; their only fear was lest some insuperable wall of rock should suddenly bar their further progress. Servadac was some distance ahead. "Come on!" he cried cheerily, his voice ringing through the darkness, "come on! Our fire is lighted! no stint of fuel! Nature provides that! Let us make haste and warm ourselves!" Inspired by his confidence, the count and the lieu- tenant advanced bravely along the unseen and wind- ing path. The temperature was now at least fifteen degrees above zero, and the walls of the gallery were beginning to feel quite warm to the touch, an indi- cation, not to be overlooked, that the substance of which the rock was composed was metallic in its nature, and capable of conducting heat. "Follow me!" shouted Servadac again; "we shall soon find a regular stove!" Onwards they made their way, until at last a sharp turn brought them into a sudden flood of light. The tunnel had opened into a vast cavern, and the gloom was exchanged for an illumination that was perfectly dazzling. Although the tem- perature was high, it was not in any way intoler- able. One glance was sufficient to satisfy the explorers that the grateful light and heat of this huge excava- tion were to be attributed to a torrent of lava that was rolling downwards to the sea, completely sub- tending the aperture of the cave. Not inaptly might the scene be compared to the celebrated Grotto of the Winds at the rear of the central fall of Niagara, only with the exception that here, instead of a cur- tain of rushing water, it was a curtain of roaring flame that hung before the cavern's mouth. "Heaven be praised!" cried Servadac, with glad emotion; "here is all that we hoped for, and more besides!" CHAPTER XXI WINTER QUARTERS The habitation that had now revealed itself, well lighted and thoroughly warm, was indeed marvel- ous. Not only would it afford ample accommodation for Hector Servadac and "his subjects," as Ben Zoof delighted to call them, but it would provide shelter for the two horses, and for a considerable number of domestic animals. This enormous cavern was neither more or less than the common junction of nearly twenty tunnels (similar to that which had been traversed by the explorers), forming ramifications in the solid rock, and the pores, as it were, by which the internal heat exuded from the heart of the mountain. Here, as long as the volcano retained its activity, every iving creature on the new asteroid might brave the most rigorous of climates; and as Count Timascheff justly remarked, since it was the only burning moun- tain they had sighted, it was most probably the sole outlet for Gallia's subterranean fires, and conse- quently the eruption might continue unchanged for ages to come. But not a day, not an hour, was to be lost now. The steam-launch returned to Gourbi Island, and preparations were forthwith taken in hand for con- veying man and beast, corn and fodder, across to the volcanic headland. Loud and hearty were the accla- mations of the little colony, especially of the Spaniards, and great was the relief of Nina, when Servadac announced to them the discovery of their future domicile; and with requickened energies they labored hard at packing, anxious to reach their genial winter quarters without delay. For three successive days the Dobryna, laden to her very gunwale, made a transit to and fro. Ben Zoof was left upon the island to superintend the stowage of the freight, whilst Servadac found abun- dant occupation in overlooking its disposal within the recesses of the mountain. First of all, the large store of corn and fodder, the produce of the recent harvest, was landed and deposited in one of the vaults, then, on the 15th, about fifty head of live cattle--bullocks, cows, sheep, and pigs--were con- veyed to their rocky stalls. These were saved for the sake of preserving the several breeds, the bulk of the island cattle being slaughtered, as the ex- treme severity of the climate insured all meat re- maining fresh for almost an indefinite period. The winter which they were expecting would probably be of unprecedented length; it was quite likely that it would exceed the six months' duration by which many arctic explorers have been tried; but the popu- lation of Gallia had no anxiety in the matter of provisions--their stock was far more than ade- quate ; while as for drink, as long as they were satis- fied with pure water, a frozen sea would afford them an inexhaustible reservoir. The need for haste in forwarding their prepara- tions became more and more manifest; the sea threatened to be unnavigable very soon, as ice was already forming which the noonday sun was unable to melt. And if haste were necessary, so also were care, ingenuity, and forethought. It was indis- pensable that the space at their command should be properly utilized, and yet that the several portions of the store should all be readily accessible. On further investigation an unexpected number of galleries was discovered, so that, in fact, the interior of the mountain was like a vast bee-hive perforated with innumerable cells; and in compli- ment to the little Italian it was unanimously voted by the colony that their new home should be called "Nina's Hive." The first care of Captain Servadac was to ascer- tain how he could make the best possible use of the heat which nature had provided for them so opportunely and with so lavish a hand. By opening fresh vents in the solid rock (which by the action of the heat was here capable of fissure) the stream of burning lava was diverted into several new chan- nels, where it could be available for daily use; and thus Mochel, the Dobryna's cook, was furnished with an admirable kitchen, provided with a perman- ent stove, where he was duly installed with all his culinary apparatus. "What a saving of expense it would be," ex- 