84 AMAZING STORIES He was going to take it. The words were not out of his mouth before his long legs were leaping down the stairway. In the flash of seconds his mind was rushing into clear action. He had had years of dreaming; all his years of study and tutelage under Robold gave him just the training for such a disaster. But he needed time. Time! Time! Why was it so precious? He must get to his own mountain. In six jumps he was in the office. It was empty. The professor had not returned. He thought rather grimly and fleetingly of their conversation a few minutes before; what would Williams think now of science and consciousness? He picked up the telephone receiver. While he waited he saw out of the corner of his eye the car in the driveway. It was-- "Hello. The professor? What? Gone down to town? No! Well, say, this is Charley"--he was watching the car in front of the building. "Say, hello--tell him I have gone home, home! H-o-m-e to Colorado-- to Colorado, yes--to the mountain --the m-o-u-n-t-a-i-n. Oh, never mind--I'll leave a note. He clamped down the receiver. On the desk he scrawled on a piece of paper: Ed: ‘Tjook these up. I'm bound for the mountain. No time to explain. There's a car outside. Stay with the lens. Don't leave it. If the earth goes up you wil1 know that I have not reached the mountain." Beside the note he placed one of the maps that he had in his pocket-with his pencil drew a black cross just above the center. Under the map were a number of computations. It is interesting to note that in the stress of the fereat critical moment he forgot the professor's title. It was a good thing. When Williams read it he recognized the significance. All through their life in crucial moments he had been "Ed." to Charley. But the note was all he was destined to find. A brisk wind was blowing. By a strange balance of fate the same movement that let Huyck out of the building ushered in the wind and upset calculation. It was a little thing, but it was enough to keep all the world in ignorance and despair. The eddy whisking in through the door picked up the pre- cious map, poised it like a tiny plane, and dropped it neatly behind a bookcase. CHAPTER VI A RACE TO SAVE THE WORLD Huyck was working in a straight line. Almost before his last words on the phone were spoken he had requisitioned that automobile outside; whether money or talk, faith or force, he was going to have it. The hum of the motor sounded in his ears as he ran down the steps. He was hatless and in his shirt-sleeves. The driver was just putting some tools in the car. With one jump Charley had him by the collar. "Five thousand dollars if you can get me to Ro- bold Mountain in twenty hours." The very suddenness of the rush caught the man by surprise and lurched him against the car, turn- ing him half around. Charley found himself gazing into dull brown eyes and sardonic laughter: a long, thin nose and lips drooped at the corners, then as suddenly tipping up--a queer creature, half devil, half laughter, and all fun. "Easy, Charley, easy! How much did you say? Whisper it." It was Bob Winters. Bob Winters and his car. And waiting. Surely no twist of fortune could nave been greater. He was a college chum of Huyck's and of the professor's. If there was one man that could make the run in the time allotted, Bob was he. But Huyck was impersonal. With the burden on his mind he thought of naught but his destina- tion. "Ten thousand!" he shouted. The man held back his head. Huyck was far too serious to appreciate mischief. But not the man. "Charley Huyck, of all men. Did young Lochinvar come out of the West? How much did you say? This desert air and the dust, 'tis hard on the hear- ing. She must be a young, fair maiden. Ten thou- sand." "Twenty thousand. Thirty thousand. Damna- tion, man, you can have the mountain. Into the car." By sheer subjective strength he forced the other into the machine. It was not until they were shoot- ing out of the grounds on two wheels that he real- ized that the man was Bob Winters. Still the workings of fate. The madcap and wild Bob of the races! Surely Destiny was on the job. The challenge of speed and the premium. At the opportune moment be- fore disaster the two men were brought together. Minutes weighed up with centuries and hours out- balanced millenniums. The whole world slept; little did it dream that its very life was riding north with these two men into the midnight. Into the midnight! The great car, the pride of Winter's heart, leaped between the pillars. At the very outset, madcap that he was, he sent her into seventy miles an hour; they fairly jumped off the hill into the village. At a full seventy-five he took the curve; she skidded, sheered half around and swept on. For an instant Charley held his breath. But the master hand held her; she steadied, straightened, and shot out into the desert. Above the whir of the motor, flying dust and blurring what-not, Char- ley got the tones of his companion's voice. He had heard the words somewhere in history. "Keep your seat, Mr. Greely. Keep your seat!" The moon was now far up over the mountain, the whole desert was bathed in a mellow twilight; in the distance the mountains brooded like an uncertain slumbering cloud bank. They were headed straight to the northward; though there was a better road round about, Winters had chosen the hard, rocky bee-line to the mountain. 1-Ie knew Huyck and his reputation; when Charley offered thirty thousand for a twenty-hour drive it was not mere byplay. He had happened in at the observatory to drop in on Williams on his way to the coast. They had been classmates; likewise he and Charley. When the excited man out of the observatory had seized him by the collar, Winters merely had laughed. He was the speed king. The three boys who had 