86 AMAZING STORIES Not even Winters, with all his alertness, could avoid it. Perhaps he was weary. The tedious hours, the racking speed had worn him to exhaustion. They had ceased to individualize, their way a blur, a nightmare of speed and distance. It came suddenly, a blind barranca--one of those sunken, useless channels that are death to the un- wary. No warning. It was over just that quickly. A mere flash of consciousness plus a sensation of flying. Two men broken on the sands and the great, beautiful roads- ter a twisted ruin. CHAPTER VII. A RIVEN CONTINENT But back to the world. No one knew about Charley Huyck nor what was occurring on the desert. Even if we had it would have been impos- sible to construe connection. After the news out of Oakland, and the destruc- tion of Mt. Heckla, we were far too appalled. The whole thing was beyond us. Not even the scientists with all their data could find one thing to work on. The wires of the world buzzed with wonder and with panic. We were civilized. It is really strange how quickly, in spite of our boasted powers, we revert to the primitive. Superstition cannot die. Where was no explana- tion must be miracle. The thing had been repeated. When would it strike again. And where? There was not long to wait. But this time the stroke was of far more consequence and of far more terror. The sheer might of the thing shook the earth. Not a man or government that would not resign in the face of such destruction. It was omnipotent. A whole continent had been riven. It would be impossible to give description of such catastrophe; no pen can tell it any more than it could describe the creation. We can only follow in its path. On the morning after the first catastrophe, at eight o'clock, just south of the little city of Santa Cruz, on the north shore of the Bay of Monterey, the same light and the same, though not quite the same, instantaneousness. Those who beheld it re- port a vast ball of azure blue and opalescent fire and motion; a strange sensation of vitalized vibra- tion; of personified living force. In shape like a marble, as round as a full moon in its glory, but of infinitely more beauty. It came from nowhere; neither from above the earth nor below it. Seeming to leap out of nothing, it glided or rather vanished to the eastward. Still the effect of winking, though this time, perhaps from a distanced focus, more vivid. A dot or marble, like a full moon, burning, opal, soaring to the eastward. And instantaneous. Gone as soon as it was come; noiseless and of phantom beauty; like a finger of the Omnipotent tracing across the world, and as ter- rible. The human mind had never conceived a thing so vast. Beginning at the sands of the ocean the whole country had vanished; a chasm twelve miles wide and of unknown depth running straight to the east- ward, Where had been farms and homes was noth- ing; the mountains had been seared like butter. Straight as an arrow. Then the roar of the deluge. The waters of the Pacific breaking through its sands and rolling into the Gulf of Mexico. That there was no heatj was evidenced by the fact that there was no steam. The thing could not be internal. Yet what was it? One can only conceive in figures. From the shores of Santa Cruz to the Atlantic--a few sec- onds; then out into the eastern ocean straight out into the Sea of the Sargasso. A great gulf riven straight across the face of North America. The path seemed to follow the sun; it bore to the eastward with a slight southern deviation. The mountains it cut like cheese. Passing just north of Fresno it seared through the gigantic Sierras halfway between the Yosemite and Mt. Whitney, through the great desert to southern Nevada, thence across northern Arizona, New Mexico, Texas, Ar- kansas, Mississippi, Alabama, and Georgia, entering the Atlantic at a point half-way between Brunswick and Jacksonville. A great canal twelve miles in width linking the oceans. A cataclysmic blessing. Today, with thousands of ships bearing freight over its water, we can bless that part of the dis- aster. But there was more to come. So far the miracle had been sporadic. Whatever had been its force it had been fatal only on point and occasion. In a way it had been local. The deadly atmospheric com- bination of its aftermath was invariable in its re- cession. There was no suffering. The death that it dealt was the death of obliteration. But now it entered on another stage. The world is one vast ball, and, though large, still a very small place to live in. There are few of us, perhaps, who look upon it, or even stop to think of it, as a living being. Yet it is just that. It has its currents, life, pulse, and its fevers; it is coordinate; a million things such as the great streams of the ocean, the swirls of the atmosphere, make it a place to live in. And we are conscious only, or mostly, through disaster. A strange thing happened. The great opal like a mountain of fire had riven across the continent. From the beginning and with each succession the thing was magnified. But it was not until it had struck the waters of the At- lantic that we became aware of its full potency and its fatality. The earth quivered at the shock, and man stood on his toes in terror. In twenty-four hours our civilization was literally falling to pieces. We were powerful with the forces that we understood; but against this that had been literally ripped from the unknown we were insignificant. The whole world was frozen. Let us see. Into the Atlantic! The transition. Hitherto silence. But now the roar of ten thousand million Niagaras, the waters of the ocean rolling, catapult- ing, roaring into the gulf that had been seared in its bosom. The Gulf Stream cut in two, the cur- rents that tempered our civilization sheared in a second. Straight into the Sargasso Sea. The great opal, liquid fire, luminiscent, a ball like the setting sun, lay poised upon the ocean. It was the end of the earth! What was this thing? The whole world knew of 