80 AMAZING STORIES ly--a growl and then a sudden scurry to the heels of his master. Ponto was afraid. It puzzled Pizzozi. But whatever it was that roused his fear, it was on Mt. Heckla. This is one of the strange parts of the story-- the part the dog played, and what came after. Although it is a trivial thing it is one of the most inexplicable. Did the dog sense it? We have no measure for the range of instinct, but we do have it that before the destruction of Pompeii the beasts roared in their cages. Still, knowing what we now know, it is hard to accept the analogy. It may, after all have been coincidence. Nevertheless it decided Pizzozi. The cattle needed salt. He would catch up his pinto and ride over to the salt logs. There is no moment in the cattle industry quite like the salting on the range. It is not the most spectacular perhaps, but surely it is not lacking in intenseness. The way of Pizzozi was musical even if not operatic. He had a long-range call, a rising rhythm that for depth and tone had a peculiar effect on the shattered stillness. It echoed and reverberated, and peeled from the top to the bot- tom of the mountain. The salt call is the talisman of the mountains. Alleewahoo!" Two thousand cattle augmented by a thousand strays held up their heads in answer. The sniff of the welcome salt call! Through the whole range of the man's voice the stock stopped in their leafy pasture and listened. "Alleewahoo!" An old cow bellowed. It was the beginning of bedlam. From the bottom of the mountain to the top and for miles beyond went forth the salt call. Three thousand head bellowed to the delight of salt- ing. Pizzozi rode along. Each lope of his pinto through the tall tangled miserie was accented. "Alleeivahoo! Alleewahoo!" The rending of brush, the confusion, and pandemonium spread to the very bottom of the leafy gulches. It is no place for a pedestrian. Heads and tails erect, the cattle were stampeding toward the logs. A few head had beat him to it. These he quickly drove away and cut the sack open. With haste he poured it upon the logs; then he rode out of the dust that for yards about the place was tramped to the finest powder. The center of a herd of salting range stock is no place for comfort. The man rode away; to the left he ascended a low knob where he would be safe from the stampede; but close enough to distinguish the brands. In no time the place was alive with milling stock. Old cows, heifers, bulls, calves, steers rushed out of the crashing brush into the clearing. There is no moment exactly like it. What before had been a broad clearing of brownish reddish dust was trampled into a vast cloud of bellowing blur, a thou- sand cattle, and still coming. From the farthest height came the echoing call. Pizzozi glanced up at the top of the mountain. And then a strange thing happened. From what we gathered from the excited ac- counts of Pizzozi it was instantaneous; and yet by the same words it was of such a peculiar and beau- tiful effect as never to be forgotten. A bluish azure shot though with a myriad* flecks of crimson, a peculiar vividness of opalescence; the whole world scintillating; the sky, the air, the mountain, a vast flame of color so wide and so intense that there seemed not a thing beside it. And instantaneous-- it was over almost before it was started. No noise or warning, and no subsequent detonation: as silent as winking and much, indeed, like the queer blur of color induced by defective vision. All in the fraction of a second. Pizzozi had been gazing at the mountain. There was no mountain! Neither were there cattle. Where before had been the shade of the towering peak was now the rays of the western sun. Where had been the blur of the milling herd and its deafening pandemonium was now a strange silence. The transparency of the air was unbroken into the distance. Far off lay a peaceful range in the sunset. There was no mountain! Neither were there cattle! For a moment the man had enough to do with his plunging mustang. In the blur of the subse- quent second Pizzozi remembers nothing but a convulsion of fighting horseflesh bucking, twisting, plunging, the gentle pinto suddenly maddened into a demon. It required all'the skill of the cowman to retain his saddle. He did not know that he was riding on the rim of Eternity. In his mind was the dim subconscious realization of a thing that had happened. In spite of all his efforts the horse fought backward. It was some moments before he conquered. Then he looked. It was a slow, hesitant moment. One cannot ac- count for what he will do in the open face of ,a miracle. What the Italian beheld was enough for terror. The sheer immensity of the thing was too much for thinking. At the first sight his simplex mind went numb from sheer impotence; his terror to a degree frozen. The whole of Mt. Heckla had been shorn away; in the place of its darkened shadow the sinking sun was blinking in his face; the whole western sky all golden. There was no vestige of the flat salt-clear- ing at the base of the mountain. Of the two thou- sand cattle milling in the dust not a one remained. The man crossed himself in stupor. Mechanically he put the spurs to the pinto. But the mustang would not. Another struggle with bucking, fighting, maddened horseflesh. The cow-man must needs bring in all the skill of his training; but by the time he had conquered his mind had settled within some scope of comprehen- sion. The pony had good reasons for his terror. This time'though the man's mind reeled it did not go dumb at the clash of immensity. Not only had the whole mountain been torn away, but its roots as well. The whole thing was up-side down; the world torn to its entrails. In place of what had been the height was a gulf so deep that its depths were blackness. He was standing on the brink. He was a cool man, was Pizzozi; but it was hard in the con- fusion of such a miracle to think clearly; much less to reason. The prancing mustang was snorting with terror. The man glanced down. The very dizziness of the gulf, sheer, losing itself into shadows and chaos overpowered him, his mind 