THE MAN WHO SAVED THE EARTH 91 long could the thing keep up; and whence did it come? What was it? He sought for the Ascraaus Lucus. And he be- held a strange sight. At the very spot where should have been the juncture of the canals he caught what at first looked like a pin-point flame, a strange twinkling light with flitting glow of Opalescence. He watched it, and he wondered. It seemed to the professor to grow; and he noticed that the green about it was of different color. It was winking, like a great force, and much as if alive; baneful. It was what Charley Huyck had seen. The pro- fessor thought of Charley. He had hurried to the mountain. What could Huyck, a mere man, do against a thing like this? There was naught to do but sit and watch it drink of our life-blood. And then-- It was the message, the strange assurance that Huyck was flashing over the world. There was no lack of confidence in the words he was speaking. "Celestial Kinetics," so that was the answer! Cer- tainly it must be so with the truth before him. Wil- liams was a doubter no longer. And Charley Huyck could save them. The man he had humored. Eag- erly he waited and stuck by the lens. The whole world waited. It was perhaps the most terrific moment since creation. To describe it would be like describing doomsday. We all of us went through it, and we all of us thought the end had come; that the earth was torn to atoms and to chaos. The State of Colorado was lurid with a red light of terror; for a thousand miles the flame shot above the earth and into space. If ever spirit went out in glory that spirit was Charley Huyck! He had come to the moment and to Archimedes. The whole world rocked to the recoil. Compared to it the mightiest earthquake was but a tender shiver. The conscious- ness of the earth had spoken! The professor was knocked upon the floor. He knew not what had happened. Out of the windows and to the north the flame of Colorado, like the whole world going up. It was the last moment. But he was a scientist to the end. He had sprained his ankle and his face was bleeding; but for all that he struggled, fought his way to the telescope. And he saw: The great planet with its sinister, baleful, wicked light in the center, and another light vastly larger covering up half of Mars. What was it? It was moving. The truth set him almost to shouting. It was the answer of Charley Huyck and of the world. The light grew smaller, smaller, and almost to a pin-point on its way to Mars. The real climax was in silence. And of all the world only Professor Williams beheld it. The two lights coalesced and spread out; what it was on Mars, of course, we do not know. But in a few moments all was gone. Only the green of the Martian Sea winked in the sunlight. The luminous opal was gone from the Sargasso. The ocean lay in peace. It was a terrible three days. Had it not been for the work of Robold and Huyck life would have been destroyed. The pity of it that all of their discov- eries have gone with them. Not even Charley real- ized how terrific the force he was about to loosen. He had carefully locked everything in vaults for a safe delivery to man. He had expected death, but not the cataclysm. The whole of Mount Robold was shorn away; in its place we have a lake fifty miles in diameter. So much for celestial kinetics. And we look to a green and beautiful Mars. We hold no enmity. It was but the law of self-preserva- tion. Let us hope they have enough water; and that their seas will hold. We don't blame them, and we don't blame ourselves, either for that matter. We need what we have, and we hope to keep it. (The End.) The Thing from "Outside" By GEORGE ALLEN ENGLAND (Concluded) That Marr was dead and the girl alive--that much, at all events, was solid. He could hold to that; he could climb back, with that, to the real world again. Jandron climbed back, came back. Time healed him, as it healed the girl. After a long, long while, they had speech together. Cautiously he sounded her wells of memory. He saw that she recalled nothing. So he told her white lies about capsized canoes and the sad death--in realistically-described rapids--of all the party except herself and him. Vivian believed. Fate, Jandron knew, was being very kind to both of them. But Vivian could never understand in the least 5?hy her husband, not very long after marriage, asked her not to wear a wedding-ring or any ring whatever. "Men are so queer!" covers a multitude of psychic agonies. Life, for Jandx-on--life, softened by Vivian--knit itself up into some reasonable semblance of a nor- mal pattern. But when, at lengthening intervals, memories even now awake--memories ci'awlingamid the slime of cosmic mysteries that it is madness to approach--or when at certain times Jandron sees a ring of any sort, his heart chills with a cold that reeks of the horrors of Infinity. And from shadows past the boundaries of our universe seem to beckon Things that, God grant, can never till the end of time be known on earth. (THE END) 