20 AMAZING STORIES ing, and in fact was now reduced to the normal limits which had characterized it before the con- vulsion. Without doing more than note the circumstance, Servadac turned his entire attention to the Dob- ryna, which, now little more than a mile from shore, could not fail to see and understand his signals. Slightly changing her course, she first lowered her mainsail, and, in order to facilitate the movements of her helmsman, soon carried nothing but her two topsails, brigantine and jib. After rounding the peak, she steered direct for the channel to which Servadac by his gestures was pointing her, and was not long in entering the creek. As soon as the anchor, imbedded in the sandy bottom, had made good its hold, a boat was lowered. In a few minutes more Count Timascheff had landed on the island. Captain Servadac hastened towards him. "First of all, count," he exclaimed impetuously, "before we speak one other word, tell me what has happened." The count, whose imperturbable composure pre- sented a singular contrast to the French officer's enthusiastic vivacity, made a stiff bow, and in his Russian accent replied: "First of all, permit me to express my surprise at seeing you here. I left you on a continent, and here I have the honor of finding you on an island." "I assure you, count, I have never left the place." "I am quite aware of it, Captain Servadac, and I now beg to offer you my sincere apologies for failing to keep my appointment with you." "Never mind, now," interposed the captain; "we will talk of that by-and-by. First, tell me what has happened." "The very question I was about to put to you, Captain Servadac." "Do you mean to say you know nothing of the cause, and can tell me nothing of the extent, of the catastrophe which has transformed this part of Africa into an island?" "Nothing more than you know yourself." "But surely, Count Timascheff, you can inform me whether upon the northern shore of the Medi- terranean-" "Are you certain that this is the Mediterranean?" asked the count significantly, and added, "I have discovered no sign of land." The captain stared in silent bewilderment. For some moments he seemed perfectly stupefied; then, recovering himself, he began to overwhelm the count with a torrent of questions. Had he noticed, ever since the 1st of January, that the sun had rfsen in the west? Had he noticed that the days had been only six hours long, and that the weight of the atmosphere was so much diminished? Had he ob- served that the moon had quite disappeared, and that the earth had been in imminent hazard of run- ning foul of the planet Venus? Was he aware, in short, that the entire motions of the terrestrial sphere had undergone a complete modification? To all these inquiries, the count responded in the affirm- ative. He was acquainted with everything that had transpired; but, to Servadac's increasing astonish- ment, he could throw no light upon the cause of any of the phenomena. "On the night of the 31st of December," he said, "I was proceeding by sea to our appointed place of meeting, when my yacht was suddenly caught on the crest of an enormous wave, and carried to a height which it is beyond my power to estimate. Some mysterious force seemed to have brought about a convulsion of the elements. Our engine was damaged, nay disabled, and we drifted entirely at the mercy of the terrible hurricane that raged during the succeeding days. That the Dobryna escaped at all is little less than a miracle, and I can only attribute her safety to the fact that she oc- cupied the center of the vast cyclone, and conse- quently did not experience much change of posi- tion." He paused, and added: "Your island is the first land we have seen." "Then let us put out to sea at once and ascer- tain the extent of the disaster," cried the captain eagerly. "You will take me on board, count, will you not?" "My yacht is at your service, sir, even should you require to make a tour round the world." "A tour round the Mediterranean will suffice for the present, I think," said the captain, smiling. The count shook his head. "I am not sure," said he, "but what the tour of the Mediterranean will prove to be the tour of the world." Servadac made no reply, but for a time remained silent and absorbed in thought. After the silence was broken, they consulted as to what course was best to pursue; and the plan they proposed was, in the first place, to discover how much of the African coast still remained, and to carry on the tidings of their own experiences to Algiers; or, in the event of the southern shore having actually disappeared, they would make their way northwards and put themselves in communica- tion with the population on the southern shores of Europe. Before starting, it was indispensable that the engine of the Dobryna should be repaired: to sail under canvas only would in contrary winds and rough seas be both tedious and difficult. The stock of coal on board was adequate for two months' con- sumption; but as it would at the expiration of that time be exhausted, it was obviously the part of pru- dence to employ it in reaching a port where fuel could be replenished. The damage sustained by the engine proved to be not very serious; and in three days after her arrival the Dobryna was again ready to put to sea. Servadac employed the interval in making the count acquainted with all he knew about his small domain. They made an entire circuit of the island, and both agreed that it must be beyond the limits of that circumscribed territory that they must seek an explanation of what had so strangely transpired. It was on the last day of January that the repairs of the schooner were completed. A slight diminu- tion in the excessively high temperature which had prevailed for the last few weeks, was the only ap- parent change in the general order of things; but whether this was to be attributed to any alteration in the earth's orbit was a question which would still require several days to decide. The weather re- mained fine, and although a few clouds had accumu- lated, and might have caused a trifling fall of the barometer, they were not sufficiently threatening to delay the departure of the Dobryna. Doubts now arose, and some discussion followed, 