They Called Me a "Human Clam" But I Changed Almost Overnight AS I passed the President's office I could not help hearing my name. Instinctively I paused to listen. "That human clam," he was saying, "can't represent us. he's a hard worker, but he seems to have no ability to express himself. I had hoped to make him a branch manager this fall, but he seems to withdraw farther and farther into his shell all the lime. I've given up hopes of making anything out of him." So that was it! That was the reason why I had been passed over time and again when promotions were being made! That was why I was just a plodder -- a truck horse for our firm, capable of doing a lot of heavy work, but of no use where brilliant performance was required. I was a failure unless I could do what seemed impossible -- learn to use words forcefully, effectively and convincingly. In 15 Minutes a Day And then suddenly I discovered a new, easy method which made me a powerful speaker almost overnight. I learned how to bend others to my will, how to dominate one man or an audience of thousands. Soon I had on salary increases, promotion, popularity, power. Today I always have a ready flow of speech at my command. I am able to rise to any occasion, to meet any emergency with just the right words. And I accomplished all this by developing the natural power of speech possessed by everyone, hut cultivated by so few -- by simply spending 15 minutes a day in the privacy of my own home, on this most fascinating subject. There is no magic, no trick, no mystery about becoming a powerful and convincing talker. You, too, can conquer timidity, stage fright, self-consciousness and bashfulness, winning advancement in salary, popularity, social standing, and success. Today business demands for the big, important high-salaried jobs, men who can dominate others -- men who can make others do as they wish. It is the power of forceful, convincing speech that causes one man to jump from obscurity to the presidency of a great corporation ; another from a small, unimportant territory to a sales manager's desk: another from the rank and file of political workers to a post of national importance; a timid, retiring, self-conscious man to change almost overnight into a popular and much applauded after-dinner speaker. Thousands have accomplished just such amazing tilings through this simple, easy, yet effective training. WHAT I5 MINUTES A DAY WILL SHOW YOU · How to talk before your club or lodge · How to address Board Meetings · How to propose and respond to toasts · How to make a political speech · How to tell entertaining stories · How to make after-dinner speeches · How to converse Interestingly · How to write letters · How to sell more goods · How to train your memory · How to enlarge your vocabulary · How to develop self-confidence · How to acquire a winning personality · How to strengthen your will-power and ambition · How to become a clear, accurate thinker · How to develop your power of concentration · How to be the master of any situation Send For This Amazing Book This new method of training is fully described in a very interesting and informative booklet which is now tiring sent to everyone mailing the coupon below. This book is called, How to Work Wonders With Words. In it you are shown how to conquer stage fright, self-consciousness, timidity, bashfulness and fear -- those things that keep you silent while men of lesser ability get what they want by the sheer power of convincing speech. Not only men who have made millions but thousands have sent for this book -- and are unstinting in their praise of it. You are told how to bring out and develop your priceless "hidden knack" -- the natural gift within you -- which will win for you advancement in position and salary, popularity, social standing, power and real success. You can obtain your copy absolutely free by sending the coupon. Now Sent Free NORTH AMERICAN INSTITUTE 3501 Michigan Ave., Dept. 9384, Chicago, Illinois North American Institute, 3601 Michigan Ave., Dept. 9384 Chicago, Illinois. Please send me FREE and without obligation my copy of your famous book, How To Work Wonders With Words. Name.................................... Address................................. City...............State................ 