THE THING FROM--"OUTSIDE" 73 demanded the journalist, holding his gun steadily enough. Jandron, wholly indifferent, watched the muzzle. Vague curiosity possessed him. Just what, he won- dered, did it feel like to be shot? Marr pulled trigger. Snap! The cartridge missed fire. Not even powder would burn. Marr laughed, horribly, and shambled forward. "Serves him right!" he mouthed. "He'd better not come back again!" Jandron understood that Marr had seen him fall. But still he felt himself standing there, alive. He shuffled away from the door. No matter whether he was alive or dead, there was always Vivian to be saved. The journalist came to the door, paused, looked down, grunted and passed into the camp. He shut the door. Jandron heard the rotten wooden bar of the latch drop. From within echoed a laugh, monstrous in its brutality. Then quivering, the geologist felt a touch on his arm. "Why did you desert us like that?" he heard .Vivian's reproach. "Why?" He turned, hardly able to see her at all. "Listen," he said, thickly. "I'll admit anything. It's all right. But just forget it, for now. We've got to get out o' here. The Professor is dead, in there, and Marr's gone mad and barricaded himself in there. So there's no use staying. There's a chance for us yet. Come along!" He took her by the arm and tried to draw her toward the river, but she held back. The hate in her face sickened him. He shook in the grip of a mighty chill. "Go, with--you?" she demanded. "Yes, by God!" he retorted, in a swift blaze of anger, "or I'll kill you where you stand. It shan't get you, anyhow!" Swiftly piercing, a greater cold smote to his inner marrows. A long row of the cup-shaped prints had just appeared in the snow beside the camp. And from these marks wafted a faint, bluish vapor of unthinkable cold. "What are you staring at?" the girl demanded. "Those prints! In the snow, there--see?" He pointed a shaking finger. "How can there be snow at this season ?" He could have wept for the pity of her, the love of her. On her red tam, her tangle of rebel hair, her sweater, the snow came steadily drifting; yet there she stood before him and prated of summer. Jandron heaved himself out of a very slough of down-dragging lassitudes. He whipped himself into action. "Summer, winter--no matter!" he flung at her. "You're coming along with me!" He seized her arm with the brutality of desperation that must hurt, to save. And murder, too, lay in his soul. He knew that he would strangle her with his naked hands, if need were, before he would ever leave her there, for It to work Its horrible will upon. "You come with me," he mouthed, "or by the Almighty--!" Marr's scream in the camp, whirled him toward the door. That scream rose higher, higher, even more and more piercing, just like the screams of the runaway Indian guides in what now appeared the infinitely long ago. It seemed to last hours; and always it rose, rose, as if being wrung out of a human body by some kind of agony not conceivable in this world. Higher, higher-- Then it stopped. Jandron hurled himself against the plank doox*. The bar smashed; the door shivered inward. With a cry, Jandron recoiled. He covered his eyes with a hand that quivered, claw-like. "Go away, Vivian! Don't come here--don't look--" He stumbled away, babbling. Out of the door crept something like a man. A queer, broken, bent over thing; a thing crippled, shrunken and flabby, that whined. This thing--yes, it was still Marr--crouched down at one side, quivering, whimpering. It moved its hands as a crushed ant moves its antennas, jerkily, without significance. All at once Jandron no longer felt afraid. He walked quite steadily to Marr, who was breathing in little gasps. From the camp issued an odor unlike anything terrestrial. A thin, grayish grease covered the sill. Jandron caught hold of the crumpling journalist's arm. Marr's eyes leered, filmed, unseeing. He gave the impression of a creature whose back has been broken, whose whole essence and energy have been wrenched asunder, yet in which life somehow clings, palpitant. A creature vivisected. Away through the snow Jandron dragged him. Marr made no resistance; just let himself be led, whining a little, palsied, rickety, shattered. The girl, her face whitely cold as the snow that fell on it, came after. Thus they reached the landing at the river. "Come, now, let's get away!" Jandron made shift to articulate. Marr said nothing. But when Jan- dron tried to bundle him into a canoe, something in the journalist revived with swift, mad hatefulness. That something lashed him into a spasm of wiry, incredibly venomous resistance. Slavei's of blood and foam streaked Marr's lips. He made horrid noises, like an animal. He howled dismally, and bit, clawed, writhed and grovelled! he tried to sink his teeth into Jandron's leg. He fought appallingly, /as men must have fought in the inconceivably re- mote days even before the Stone Age. And Vivian helped him. Her fury was a tiger-cat's. Between the pair of them, they almost did him in. They almost dragged Jandron down--and them- selves, too--into the black river that ran swiftly sucking under the ice. Not till Jandron had quite flung off all vague notions and restraints of gal- lantry; not until he struck from the shoulder--to kill, if need were--did he best them. He beat the pair of them unconscious, trussed them hand and foot with the painters of the canoes, rolled them into the larger canoe, and shoved off. After that, the blankness of a measureless ob- livion descended. Only from what he was told, weeks after, in the Royal Victoria Hospital at Montreal, did Jandron ever learn how and when a field-squad of Dominion Foresters had found them drifting in Lake Moosa- wamkeag. And that knowledge filtered slowly into his brain during a period inchoate as Iceland fogs. (Continued on page 91) 