24 AMAZING STORIES "What! not bear down upon it at once?" asked the count in surprise. "No, sir; I should much rather lie to and wait till daylight. If we are really near land, I should be afraid to approach it in the dark." The count expressed his approval of the lieu- tenant's caution, and thereupon all sail was short- ened so as to keep the Dobryna from making any considerable progress all through the hours of night. Few as those hours were, they seemed to those on board as if their end would never come. Fearful lest the faint glimmer should at any moment cease to be visible, Hector Servadac did not quit his post upon the deck; but the light continued unchanged. It shone with about the same degree of luster as a star of the second magnitude, and from the fact of its remaining stationary, Procope became more and more convinced that it was on land and did not belong to a passing vessel. At sunrise every telescope was pointed with keenest interest towards the center of attraction. The light, of course, had ceased to be visible, but in the direction where it had been seen, and at a distance of about ten miles, therfe was the distinct outline of a solitary island of very small extent; rather, as the count observed, it had the appearance of being the projecting summit of a mountain all but submerged. Whatever it was, it was agreed that its true character must be ascertained, not only to gratify their own curiosity, but for the benefit of all future navigators. The schooner accordingly was steered directly towards it, and in less than an hour had cast anchor within a few cables' lengths of the shore. The little island proved to be nothing more than an arid rock rising abruptly about forty feet above the water. It had no outlying reefs, a circumstance that seemed to suggest the probability that in the recent convulsion it had sunk gradually, until it had reached its present position of equilibrium. Without removing his eye from his telescope, Ser- vadac exclaimed: "There is a. habitation on the place; I can see an erection of some kind quite dis- tinctly. Who can tell whether we shall not come across a human being?" Lieutenant Procope looked doubtful. The island had all the appearance of being deserted, nor did a cannon-shot fired from the schooner have the effect of bringing any resident to the shore. Neverthe- less, it was undeniable that there was a stone build- ing situated on the top of the rock, and that this building had much the character of an Arabian mosque. The boat was lowered and manned by the four sailors; Servadac, Timascheff and Procope were quickly rowed ashore, and lost no time in commenc- ing their ascent of the steep acclivity. Upon reach- ing the summit, they found their progress arrested by a kind of wall, or rampart of singular construc- tion, its materials consisting mainly of vases, frag- ments of columns, carved bas-reliefs, statues, and portions of broken stelse, all piled promiscuously together without any pretense to artistic arrange- ment. They made their way into the enclosure, and finding an open door, they passed through and soon came to a second door, also open, which ad- mitted them to the interior of the mosque, consist- ing of a single chamber, the walls of which were ornamented in the Arabian style by sculptures of indifferent execution. In the center was a tomb of the very simplest kind, and above the tomb was suspended a large silver lamp with a capacious res- ervoir of oil, in which floated a long lighted wick, the flame of which was evidently the light that had attracted Servadac's attention on the previous night. "Must there not have been a custodian of the shrine?" they mutually asked; but if such there had ever been, he must, they concluded, either have fled or have perished on that eventful night. Not a soul was there in charge, and the sole living occu- pants were a flock of wild cormorants which, star- tled at the entrance of the intruders, rose on wing, and took a rapid flight towards the south. An old French prayer-book was lying on the corner of the tomb; the volume was open, and the page exposed to view was that which contained the office for the celebration of the 25th of August. A sudden revelation dashed across Servadac's mind. The solemn isolation of the island tomb, the open breviary, the ritual of the ancient anniversary, all combined to apprise him of the sanctity of the spot upon which he stood. "The tomb of St. Louis!" he exclaimed, and his companions involuntarily followed his example, and made a reverential obeisance to the venerated monu- ment. It was, in truth, the very spot on which tradition asserts that the canonized monarch came to die, a spot to which for six centuries and more his coun- trymen had paid the homage of a pious regard. The lamp that had been kindled at the memorial shrine of a saint was now in all probability the only beacon that threw a light across the waters of the Mediterranean, and even this ere long must itself expire. There was nothing more to explore. The three together quitted the mosque, and descended the rock to the shore, whence their boat re-conveyed them to the schooner, which was soon again on her south- ward voyage; and it was not long before the tomb of St. Louis, the only spot that had survived the mysterious shock, was lost to view. CHAPTER XII AT THE MERCY OP THE WINDS As the affrighted cormorants had winged their flight towards the south, there sprang up a sanguine hope on board the schooner that land might be dis- covered in that direction. Thither, accordingly, it was determined to proceed, and in a few hours after quitting the island of the tomb, the Dobryna was traversing the shallow waters that now covered the peninsula of Dakhul, which had separated the Bay of Tunis from the Gulf of Hammamet. For two days she continued an undeviating course, and after a futile search for the coast of Tunis, reached the latitude of 34° north. Here, on the 11th of February, there suddenly arose the cry of "Land!" and in the extreme horizon, right ahead, where land had never been before, it was true enough that a shore was distinctly to be seen. What could it be? It could not be the coast of Tripoli; for not only would that low-lying shore be quite invisible at such a distance, but it was certain, moreover, that it lay two degrees at least still further south. It was soon observed that this 