OFF ON A COMET 5 over and clapped down right side up again upon the comet's surface. Even ships pass uninjured through this remarkable somersault. These events all belong to the realm of fairyland. If the situation were reproduced in actuality, if, ever a comet should come into collision with the earth, we can conceive two scientifically possible results. If the comet were of such attenuation, such almost infinitesimal mass as some of these celestial wanderers seem to be, we can imagine our earth self- protective and possibly unharmed. If, on the other hand, the comet had even a hundredth part of the size and solidity and weight which Verne confers upon his monster so as to give his travelers a home-- in that case the collision woidd be unspeakably dis- astrous--especially to the unlucky individuals who occupied the exact point of contact. But once granted the initial and the closing ex- travagance, the departure and return of his charac- ters, the alpha and omega of his tale, hoxo closely the author clings to facts between! How closely he fol- lows, and imparts to his readers, the scientific proba- bilities of the universe beyond our earth, the actual knoivledge so hard won by our astronomers! Other authors who, since Verne, have told of trips through the planetary and stellar universe have given free rein to fancy, to dreams of what might be found. Verne has endeavored to impart only what is known to exist. In the same year with "Off on a Comet," 1877, was published also the tale variously named and trans- lated as "The Black Indies," "The Underground City" and "The Child of the Cavern," This story, like "Round the World in Eighty Days" was first issued in "feuilleton" by the noted Paris newspaper "Le Temps." Its success did not equal that of its predecessor in this style. Some critics indeed have pointed to this work as marking the beginning of a decline in the author's pou'er of awaking interest. Many of his best works were, however, still to follow. Off On a Comet Or Hector Servadac By JULES VERNE Book I CHAPTER I A CHALLENGE NOTHING, sir, can induce me to surrender my claim." "I am sorry, count, but in such a mat- ter your views cannot modify mine." "But allow me to point out that my seniority unquestionably gives me a prior right." "Mere seniority, I assert, in an affair of this kind, cannot possibly entitle you to any prior claim what- ever." "Then, captain, no alternative is left but for me to compel you to yield at the sword's point." "As you please, count; but neither sword nor pistol can force me to forego my pretensions. Here is my card." "And mine." This rapid altercation was thus brought to an end by the formal interchange of the names of the disputants. On one of the cards was inscribed: Captain Hector Servadac, Staff Officer, Mostaganem. On the other was the title: Count Wassili Timascheff, On board the Schooner uDobryna." It did not take long to arrange that seconds should be appointed, who would meet in Mostaga- nem at two o'clock that day; and the captain and the count were on the point of parting from each other, with a salute of punctilious courtesy, when Timascheff, as if struck by a sudden thought, said abruptly: "Perhaps it would be better, captain, not to allow the real cause of this to transpire." "Far better," replied Servadac; "it is undesirable in every way for any names to be mentioned." "In that case, however," continued the count, "it will be necessary to assign an ostensible pretext of some kind. Shall we allege a musical dispute-- a contention in which I feel bound to defend Wag- ner, while you are the zealous champion of Ros- sini?" "I am quite content," answered Servadac, with a smile; and with another low bow they parted. The scene as here depicted, took place upon the extremity of a little cape on the Algerian coast, between Mostaganem and Tenes, about two miles from the mouth of the Shelif. The headland rose more than sixty feet above the sea-level, and the azure waters of the Mediterranean, as they softly kissed the strand, were tinged with the reddish hue of the ferriferous rocks that formed its base. It was the 31st of December. The noontide sun, which usually illuminated tftie various projections of the coast with a dazzling brightness, was hidden by a dense mass of cloud, and the fog, which for some unaccountable cause, had hung for the last two months over nearly every region in the world, caus- ing serious interruption to traffic between continent and continent, spread its dreary veil across land and sea. After taking leave of the staff-officer, Count Wassili Timascheff wended his way down to a small creek, and took his seat in the stern of a light four-oar that had been awaiting his return; this was immediately pushed off from shore, and was soon alongside a pleasure-yacht, that was lying to, not many cable lengths away. At a sign from Servadac, an orderly, who had been standing at a respectful distance, led forward a magnificent Arabian horse; the captain vaulted into the saddle, and followed by his attendant, well mounted as himself, started off towards Mostag- anem. It was half-past twelve when the two riders crossed the bridge that had been recently erected over the Shelif, and a quarter of an hour later their 