THE MAN WHO SAVED THE EARTH 89 work of Charley Huyck and Dr. Robold. They made the landing. Winters, with his na- ture, would be in at the finish; but Charley would not have it. "It is death, Bob," he said. "You have a wife and babies. Go back to the world. Go back with all the speed you can get out of your motors. Get as far away as you can before the end comes." With that he bade them a sad farewell. It was the last spoken word that the outside world had from Charley Huyck. The last seen of him he was running up the steps of his office. As they soared away and looked back they could see men, the employees, scurrying about in frantic haste to their respective posts and sta- tions. What was it all about? Little did the two aviators know. Little did they dream that it was the deciding stroke. CHAPTER IX. THE MOST TERRIFIC MOMENT IN HISTORY Still the great ball of Opalescence brooding over the Sargasso. Europe now was frozen, and though it was midsummer had gone into winter quarters. The Straits of Dover were no more. The waters had receded and one could walk, if careful, dry- shod from the shores of France to the chalk cliffs of England. The Straits of Gibraltar had dried up. The Mediterranean completely land-locked, was cut off forever from the tides of the mother ocean. The whole world going dry; not in ethics, but in reality. The great Vampire, luminous, beautiful beyond all ken and thinking, drinking up our life- blood. The Atlantic a vast whirlpool. A strange frenzy had fallen over mankind: men fought in the streets and died in madness. It was fear of the Great Unknown, and hysteria. At such a moment the veil of civilization was torn to tatters. Man was reverting to the primeval. Then came the word from Charley Huyck; flash- ing and repeating to every clime and nation. In its assurance it was almost as miraculous as the Vam- pire itself. For man had surrendered. To the People of the World : The strange and terrible Opalescence which, for the past seventy hours, has been playing havoc with the world, is not miracle, nor of the supernatural, but a mere manifestation and result of the applica- tion of celestial kinetics. Such a thing always was and always will be possible where there is intelli- gence to control and harness the forces that lie about us. Space is not space exactly, but an infinite cistern of unknown laws and forces. We may con- trol certain laws on earth, but until we reach out farther we are but playthings. Man is the intelligence of the earth. The time will come when he must be the intelligence of a great deal of space as well. At the present time you are merely fortunate and a victim of a kind fate. That I am the instrument of the earth's salvation is merely chance. The real man is Dr. Robold. When he picked me up on the streets I had no idea that the sequence of time would drift to this moment. He took me into his work and taught me. Because he was sensitive and was laughed at, we worked in secret. And since his death, and out of respect to his memory, I have continued in the same manner. But I have written down everything, all the laws, computations, formulas--everything; and I am now willing it to mankind. Robolt had a theory on kinetics. It was strange at first and a thing to laugh at; but he reduced it to laws as potent and as inexorable as the laws of gravitation. The luminous Opalescence that has almost de- stroyed us is but one of its minor manifestations. It is a message of sinister intelligence; for back of it all is an Intelligence. Yet it is not all sinister. It is self-preservation. The time is coming when eons of ages from now our own man will be forced to employ just such a weapon for his own preserva- tion. Either that or we shall die of thirst and agony. Let me ask you to remember now, that whatever you have suffered, you have saved a world. I shall now save you and the earth. In the vaults you will find everything. All the knowledge and discoveries of the great Dr. Robold, plus a few minor findings by myself. And now I bid you farewell. You shall soon be free. Charley Huyck. A strange message. Spoken over the wireless and flashed to every clime, it roused and revived the hope of mankind. Who was this Charley Huyck? Uncounted millions of men had never heard his name; there were but few, very few who had. A message out of nowhere and of very dubious and doubtful explanation. Celestial kinetics! Un- doubtedly. But the words explained nothing. How- ever, man was ready to accept anything, so long as it saved him. For a more lucid explanation we must go back to the Arizona observatory and Professor Ed. Williams. And a strange one it was truly; a certain proof that consciousness is more potent, far more so than mere material; also that many laws of our astron- omers are very apt to be overturned in spite of their mathematics. Charley Huyck was right. You cannot measure intelligence with a yard-stick. Mathematics do not lie; but when applied to consciousness they are very likely to kick backward. That is precisely what had happened. The suddenness of Huyck's departure had puz- zled Professor Williams; that, and the note which he found upon the table. It was not like Charley to go off so in the stress of a moment. He had not even taken the time to get his hat and coat. Surely something was amiss. He read the note carefully, and with a deal of wonder. "Look these up. Keep by the lens. If the world goes up you will know I have not reached the moun- tain." What did he mean? Besides, there was no data for him to work on. He did not know that an errant breeze had plumped the information behind the bookcase. Nevertheless he went into the observa- tory, and for the balance of the night stuck by the lens. Now there are uncounted millions of stars in the sky. Williams had nothing to go by. A needle in the hay-stack were an easy task compared with the one that he was allotted. The flaming mystery, 