12 AMAZING STORIES elastic as the spring-board of an acrobat; they scarcely touched it with their feet, and their only fear was lest the height to which they were pro- pelled would consume the time which they were saving by their short cut across the fields. It was not long before their wild career brought them to the right bank of the Shelif. Here they were compelled to stop, for not only had the bridge completely disappeared, but the river itself no long- er existed. Of the left bank there was not the slightest trace, an&lt;l the right bank, which on the previous evening had bounded the yellow stream, as it murmured peacefully along the fertile plain, had now become the shore of a tumultuous ocean, its azure waters extending westwards far as the eye could reach, and annihilating the tract of country which had hitherto formed the district of Mosta- ganem. The shore coincided exactly with what had been the right bank of the Shelif, and in a slightly curved line ran north and south, whilst the adjacent groves and meadows all retained their previous positions. But the river-bank had become the shore of an unknown sea. Eager to throw some light upon the mystery, Servadac hurriedly made his way through the ole- ander bushes that overhung the shore, took up some water in the hollow of his hand, and carried it to his lips. "Salt as brine!" he exclaimed, as soon as he had tasted it. "The sea has undoubtedly swallowed up all the western part of Algeria." "It will not last long, sir," said Ben Zoof. "It is, probably, only a severe flood." The captain shook his head. "Worse than that, I fear, Ben Zoof," he replied with emotion. "It is a catastrophe that may have very serious conse- quences. What can have become of all my friends and fellow-officers ?" Ben Zoof was silent. Rarely had he seen his mas- ter so much agitated; and though himself inclined to receive these phenomena with philosophic in- difference, his notions of military duty caused his countenance to reflect the captain's expression of amazement. But there was little time for Servadac to exam- ine the changes which a few hours had wrought. The sun had already reached the eastern horizon, and just as though it were crossing the ecliptic under the tropics, it sank like a cannon ball into the sea. Without any warning, day gave place to night, and earth, sea, and sky were immediately wrapped in profound obscurity. CHAPTER VI THE CAPTAIN MAKES AN EXPLORATION Hector Servadac was not the man to remain long unnerved by any untoward event. It was part of his character to discover the why and the wherefore of everything that came under his observation, and he would have faced a cannon ball the more un- flinchingly from understanding the dynamic force by which it was propelled. Such being his tem- perament, it may well be imagined that he was anxious not to remain long in ignorance of the cause of the phenomena which had been so stai't- ling in their consequences. "We must inquire into this to-morrow," he ex- claimed, as darkness fell suddenly upon them. Then, after a pause, he added: "That is to say, if there is to be a to-morrow; for if I were to be put to the torture, I could not tell what has become of the sun." "May I ask, sir, what we are to do now?" put in Ben Zoof. "Stay where we are for the present; and when daylight appears--if it ever does appear--we will explore the coast to the west and south, and return to the gourbi. If we can find out nothing else, we must at least discover where we are." "Meanwhile, sir, may we go to sleep?" "Certainly, if you like, and if you can." Nothing loath to avail himself of his master's permission, Ben Zoof crouched down in an angle of the shore, threw his arras over his eyes, and very soon slept the sleep of the ignorant, which is often sounder than the sleep of the just. Overwhelmed by the questions that crowded up- on his brain, Captain Servadac could only wander up and down the shore. Again and again he asked himself what the catastrophe could portend. Had the towns of Algiers, Oran, and Mostaganem es- caped the inundation? Could he bring himself to believe that all the inhabitants, his friends, and comrades had perished; or was it not more prob- able that the Mediterranean had merely invaded the region of the mouth of the Shelif? But this supposition did not in the least explain the other physical disturbances. Another hypothesis that presented itself to his mind was that,the African coast might have been suddenly transported to the equatorial zone. But although this might get over the difficulty of the altered altitude of the sun and the absence of twilight, yet it would neither ac- count for the sun setting in the east, nor for the length of the day being reduced to six hours. "We must wait till to-morrow," he repeated; add- ing, for he had become distrustful of the future, "that is to say, if to-morrow ever comes." Although not very learned in astronomy, Serva- dac was acquainted with the position of the princi- pal constellations. It was therefore a considerable disappointment to him that, in consequence of the heavy clouds, not a star was visible in the firma- ment. To have ascertained that the pole-star had become displaced would have been an undeniable proof that the earth was revolving on a new axis; but not a rift appeared in the lowering clouds, which seemed to threaten torrents of rain. It happened that the moon was new on that very day; naturally, therefore, it would have set at the same time as the sun. What, then, was the cap- tain's bewilderment when, after he had been walk- ing for about an hour and a half, he noticed on the western horizon a strong glare that penetrated even the masses of the clouds. "The moon in the west!" he cried aloud; but sud- denly bethinking himself, he added: "But no, that cannot be the moon; unless she has shifted very much nearer the earth, she could never give a light as intense as this." As he spoke the screen of vapor was illuminated to such a degree that'the whole country was, as it were, bathed in twilight. "What can this be?" soliloquized the captain. "It cannot be the sun, for the sun set in the east only an hour and a half ago. Would that those clouds would disclose what enor- mous luminary lies behind them! What a fool I was not to have learnt more astronomy! Perhaps, 