THE MAN WHO SAVED THE EARTH 75 CHAPTER I. THE BEGINNING. EVEN the beginning. From the start the whole thing has the precision of ma- chine work. Fate and its working-- and the wonderful Providence which watches over Man and his future. The whole thing unerring: the incident, the work, the calamity, and the martyr. In the retrospect of dis- aster we may all of us grow strong in wisdom. Let us go into history. A hot July day. A sun of scant pity, and a staggering street; panting thousands dragging along, hatless; fans and parasols; the sultry ven- geance of a real day of summer. A day of bursting tires; hot pavements, and wrecked endeavor, heart- aches for the seashore, for leafy bowers beside rip- pling water, a day of broken hopes and listless am- bition. Perhaps Fate chose the day because of its heat and because of its natural benefit on fecundity. We have no way of knowing. But we do know this: the date, the time, the meeting; the boy with the burn- ing glass and the old doctor. So commonplace, so trivial and hidden in obscurity! Who would have guessed it? Yet it is--after the creation--one of the most important dates in the world's history. This is saying a whole lot. Let us go into it and see what it amounts to. Let us trace the thing out in history, weigh it up and balance it with sequence. Of Charley Huyck we know nothing up to this day. It is a thing which, for some reason, he has always kept hidden. Recent investigation as to his previous life and antecedents have availed us noth- ing. Perhaps he could have told us; but as he has gone down as the world's great martyr, there is no hope of gaining from his lips what we would so like to know. After all, it does not matter. We have the day -- the incident, and its purport, and its climax of sequence to the day of the great disaster. Also we have the blasted moun- tains and the lake of blue water which will ever live with his memory. His greatness is not of war- fare, nor personal ambi- tion; but of all mankind. The wreaths that we be- stow upon him have no doubtful color. The man who saved the earth! From such a beginning, Charley Huyck, lean and frail of body, with, even then, the wistfulness of the idealist, and the eyes of a poet. Charley Huyck, the boy, crossing the hot pavement with his pack of papers; the much treasured piece of glass in his pocket, and the sun which only he should master burning down upon him. A moment out of the ages; the turning of a straw destined to out-balance all the previous accumulation of man's history. The sun was hot and burning, and the child--he could not have been more than ten--cast a glance over his shoulder. It was in the way of calcula- tion. In the heyday of childhood he was not dragged down by the heat and weather: he had the enthusi- asm of his half-score of years and the joy of the plaything. We will not presume to call it the spirit of the scientist, though it was, perhaps, the spark of latent investigation that was destined to lead so far. A moment picked out of destiny! A boy and a plaything. Uncounted millions of boys have played with glass and the sun rays. Who cannot remember the little, round-burning dot in the palm of the hand and the subsequent exclamation? Charley Huyck had found a new toy, it was a simple thing and as old as glass. Fate will ever be so in her working. And the doctor? Why should he have been wait- ing? If it was not destiny, it was at least an ac- cumulation of moment. In the heavy eye-glasses, the square, close-cut beard; and his uncompromis- ing fact-seeking expression. Those who knew Dr. Robold are strong in the affirmation that he was the antithesis of all emotion. He was the sternest prod- uct of science: unbending, hardened by experiment, and caustic in his condemnation of the frailness of human nature. It had been his one function to topple over the castles of the foolish; with his hard-seeing wisdom he had spotted sophistry where we thought it not. Even into the castles of science he had gone like a juggernaut. It is hard to have one's theories deri- ded--yea, even for a scientist--and to be called a fool! Dr. Robold knew no middle language;'he was not relished by science. His memory, as we have it, is that of an eccen- tric. A man of slight compassion, abrupt of man- ner and with no tact in speaking. Genius is often so; it is a strange fact that many of the greatest of men have been denied by their fellows. A great man and laughter. He was not accepted. None of us know today what it cost Dr. Robold. He was not the man to tell us. Perhaps Charley Huyck might; but his lips are sealed forever. We only know chat he retired to the mountain, and of the subsequent flood of benefits that rained upon mankind. And we still denied him. The great cynic on the mountain. Of the secrets of the place we know little. He was not the man to accept the investigator; he despised the curious. He had been laughed at -- let be -- he would work alone on the great moment of the future. In the light of the past we may well bend knee to the doctor and his prot6g6, Charley Huyck. Two men and destiny! Whstt would we be without them? One shudders to think. A little thing, and yet one of the greatest mo- ments in the world's history. It must have been Fate. Why was it that this stern man, who hated all emotion, should so have unbended at this mo- WE read of the days when the powers of radium were yet unknown. It is told us that burns were produced by incautiously carrying a tube of radium salts in the pocket. And here in this story we are told of a different power, opalescence, due to an- other clement. It can destroy mountains, excavate cavi- ties of unmeasurable depths and kill human beings and animals in multitude. The story opens with a poor little boy experimenting with a burning glass. Then he be- comes the hero of the story--he studies and eventually finds himself able to destroy the earth. He exceeds Archimedes in his power. And he suddenly finds that he has unlocked a power that threatens this very de- struction. And the story depicts his horror at the Frankenstein which he had unloosed, and tells of his wild efforts to save humanity, and of the loss of the cosmic discoveries of the little newsboy grown up to be a great scientist. 