The mask 15 3 July-August-September 1929 naau_1929-07_01 The mask 15 3 Untitled Image Illustration 1 LOVELY NANCE OLDFIELD AND HER 1 ILLUSTRATIONS 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 FOREWORD J. S cre 3-4 Untitled Image Illustration 3 Untitled Image Illustration 4 ON THE INVENTORY OF AN ACTRESS'S EFFECTS WITH SOME NOTES GORDON CRAIG cre 5-9 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Untitled Image Illustration 9 TWO DEFINITIONS. 9 HANNEN SWAFFER ONE WHO ADMIRES HIM cre Philip Polfreman cre 9-10 Untitled Image Illustration 10 IN 1649 the third volume of a charming Allan Carric cre 11 1649 SOME STAGE SCENES OF 1649 FOR LITTLE THEATRES. Plate 8. Illustration 11 XTow to make the two side pieces change (for Allan Carric cre 13 1649 SOME STAGE SCENES OF 1649 FOR LITTLE THEATRES. Plate 9. Illustration 13 CATALOGUE OF THE SALE OF MLLE. RACHEL'S POSSESSIONS HELD IN PARIS FROM THE 12TH TO THE 29TH OF APRIL 1858 AT PLACE ROYALE No. 9 BY THE ADMINISTRATOR OF ME. HAYAUX DU TILLY, RUE DU BAC, 26, AND RUE DE L'UNIVERSITÉ, 46, PARIS CONTINUED FROM THE LAST NUMBER, SILVER, JEWELS AND DIAMONDS. 15-18 CHEATING THE BRITISH PUBLIC. SHOWMEN OR SHOPKEEPERS. FREDERICK BALSIR CHATTERTON (1855-1866) AND LORD GEORGE SANGER (1827-1911). JOHN SEMAR cre 19-20 Untitled Image Illustration 19 Untitled Image Illustration 20 PANDORA'S BOX X. Y. Z cre 20-22 Untitled Image Illustration 22 FINE FEATHERS. A. C cre 22 Untitled Image Illustration 22 A STAGE SCENE C cre 22 Untitled Image Illustration 22 MISUNDERSTANDING SOME NOTES ON AN ESSAY ON GORDON CRAIG. D. N. L cre 23-24 Untitled Image Illustration 24 COSTUME 24-25 Untitled Image Illustration 25 A BRIEF LIST OF MR. C. W. BEAUMONT'S THEATRE PUBLICATIONS. BEING A ONE-MAN CONTRIBUTION IN WRITING, TRANSLATING AND PUBLISHING, FOR USE OF THEATRE STUDENTS. 26 Untitled Image Illustration 26 Untitled Image Illustration 26 AN OPEN LETTER TO MR. ST. JOHN ERVINE FROM BARRETT H. CLARK. THE FOLLOWING WAS SENT TO SEVERAL NEWSPAPERS, BUT AFTER A WEEK'S DELAY, HAS BEEN NEITHER PRINTED NOR ANSWERED. B. H. C. Barrett H. Clark cre 27-28 Untitled Image Illustration 28 "MYSTIFICATION" AND THE PROBLEM "TOO SIMPLE FOR WORDS" OF LORD AND LADY BYRON. L. C cre 28-30 THE LONDON THEATRE AS. SEEN AN AMERICAN cre D. Nevile Lees cre 31 Untitled Image Illustration 31 BOOK REVIEWS. 32-38 EQUIPMENT FOR STAGE PRODUCTION by Arthur Edwin Krows. D. Appleton &amp; Co. New York and London, Price 5/- net. 32 PART I. A BEGINNER'S POINT OF VIEW. h. c cre 32 Untitled Image Illustration 32 PART 2. THE OTHER POINT OF VIEW. g. c cre 32 ENGLISH COMIC DRAM A 1700-1750, by F. W. Bateson. Oxford, Clarendon Press. Price 7/6 net. C. V cre 32-33 PLAYWRITING FOR PROFIT, by Arthur Edwin Krows. Longman's Green and Co. Price 21/- net. HOW TO WRITE A PLAY, St. John Ervine. George Allen and Unwin. Price 5/-. h. c cre 33 ISADORA DUNCAN' RUSSIAN DAYS by IRMA DUNCAN and ALAN ROSS MACDOUGALL. Victor Gollancz Ltd. Price 15/- net. F. M. Florian cre 33-34 ISADORA DUNCAN; Twenty-four Studiesby Arnold Genthe; with a Foreword by Max Eastman. Mitchell Kennerley. New York 1929. Price not given. l. l cre 34 FOUR PLAYS. 34 AMATEUR AND PROFESSIONAL 34-38 HARLEQUINADE; The Story of My Life. Constance Collier. The Bodley Head. Price 15/- SYBIL THORNDIKE by Russell Thorndike. Thornton Butterworth price 21/- net. n. l cre 34-35 SEVEN MODERN COMEDIES, by Lord Dunsany. Putman's. Price 7/- net. THE CROWN LICE ; THE INVISIBLE DUKE; THE SACRED CAT, by F. Sladen-Smith. Gowans and Gray. Price 1/- each. a. v cre 35 THE EIGHTEEN-SEVENTIES. Essays by Fellows of the Royal Society of Literature. Edited by Harley Granville-Barker. Cambridge University Press. Price 12/6 d. p cre 35 GOETHE by Emil Ludwig. 2 35-36 GOETHE AND FAUST: An 36 THE CASE OF Mr. MOREL. 36 THE LIFE OF SIR PETER PA UL 36 THE MOONSTONE, Wilkie 36 THE BACK WAY; GEORGE PROPOSES; THE PROOF, by James Lonsdale Hodson. Gowans and Gray. 1/- each. a. v cre 36 A LISI OF BOOKS ETC. TO 37 IDOLS OF THE "HALLS" by H. Chance Newton ("Carados" of the "Referee") Heath Cranton. Price 12/6 net. Old Stager cre 37 MUSSOLINI, THE MAN OF 37 AN OUTLINE HISTORY OF 37-38 ENGLISH COMEDY by Ashley 38 Untitled Image Illustration 38 EDITORIAL NOTES JULY: AUGUST: SEPTEMBER 38 A THEATRE MUSEUM 38 Untitled Image Illustration 38 REP RESEN TAT lON 38 THE OPERA HOUSE: PARIS IN 1850. Illustration 39 Untitled Image Illustration 41 LAST WORDS. 43-44 ''THE MASK'' AND 43 Untitled Image Illustration 43 CHICAGO 1933 43-44 Untitled Image Illustration 44 BUTT. I. F cre 44 Untitled Image Illustration 44 MR. HALCOTT GLOVER. 44 Untitled Image Illustration 44 MR. G. K. CHESTERTON. 44 Untitled Image Illustration 44 TIMIDITY. 44 T H F MASK"1 11 J_J IVI KJ I\ VOLUME FIFTEEN. NUMBER THREEJULY - AUGUST - SEPTEMBER19 2 9 ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION DE LUXE EDITIONTEN SHILLINGS TWENTY SHILLINGS(POST FREE) RTF Z/A*-)ll (POSTo OMTCOPYATWO &amp; A HALF DOLLARS FIVE DOLLARSFOR AMERICA FOR AMERICAADDRESS: BOX 44 4. FLORENCE. ITALY. THE MASK. JULY-SEPTEMBER 1929 NOTICE TO CONTRIBUTORS. The Editor is always glad to consider articles and illustrations fromexperts in theatre history and art, which result from special research or personal experience. Where stampedand addressed envelopes are included, every effort will be made to return in due course rejected contributions ;but in no circumstances can he hold himself responsible for safe custody or return. All articles should betypewritten.Address : The Editor : " The Mask Box 444, Florence, Italy. 19 0 8 19 2 9 THE MASK1929 THE MASK1929 All Rights reserved. September 1929.D ireit ore-r esponsabile Antonio Maraini.Uipografia L. Franceschini - Firenze. LOVELY NANCE OLDFIELD AND HER EFFECTS, &amp; THE REVEALING PO- WER OF TRIFLES, By Gordon Craig, MORE OF MLLE. RACHEL'S POSSES- SIONS, Being a further Translation of the Catalogue of the Sale held after her death. HANNEN SWAFFER, " Soundest and most reliable English-writing dramatic critic alive" by rtuhp rolrreman. _ _ IV MYSTIFICATION , AND LORD AND IVI LADY BYRON, by L. C. LORD MELCHETT AND «• THE MASK ". A NOTE. THE NATURAL HISTORY OF THEBALLET GIRL. As studied in 1847 byAlbert Richard Smith. (Concluded).AN •• EXCEEDINGLY CRUEL. UNFAIRAND UNSPORTSMANLIKE" CRI- TIC. An Open Letter to Mr. St. John Ervinefrom Barrett H. Clark.ARTICLES AND NOTES ON CHEA- TING THE BRITISH PUBLIC ; THECINEMA AND THE SILLY-ASS BRIGADE:COSTUME: AN AMERICAN VIEW OFTHE ENGLISH THEATRE: GOETHE. ISA- DORA DUNCAN, and many other subjects. ILLUSTRATIONS A DESIGN BY ANGELO CARBONI FOR A STAGE SCENE. SOME SCENO- GRAPHIC AIDS FOR LITTLE THEATRES: THE ELEVENTH OPERAHOUSE. PARIS. SCENES IN THE LIFE OF THE BALLET GIRL BY HEN- NING, GAVARNI AND GILBERT. A FINE FOLDING PLAN OF VENICE.BY CORONELLI, (CIRCA 1700). LITERARY CONTENTS. FOREWORD J- s page 87ON THE INVENTORY OF AN ACTRESS'S EFFECTS Gordon Craig ..... 89HANNEN SWAFFER Philip Polfreman 93CATALOGUE OF THE SALE OF MLLE. RACHEL'SPOSSESSIONS. Part 2 Translated by D. N. L. . . . 95THE RAH FT GIRL: Concluded Albert Richard Smith 1847. . .100A NOTE UPON CORONELLI'S PLAN OF VENICE J. S 108CHEATING THE BRITISH PUBLIC .... John Semar 109PANDORA'S BOX X. Y. Z. . . . . . .110FINE FEATHERS . . A. C 113A STAGE SCENE C 112MISUNDERSTANDING; Some Notes on an Essay on GordonCraig D. N. L 113COSTUME Anon 114MR. C. W. BEAUMONT'S THEATRE PUBLICATIONS Anon 116AN OPEN LETTER TO MR. ST. JOHN ERVINE . Barrett. H. Clark . . . .117" MYSTIFICATION " and Lord and Lady Byron . . L. C 118THE LONDON THEATRE as seen by an American . D. Nevile Lees. . . . . .12'BOOK REVIEWS. EDITORIAL NOTES. LAST WORDS. ILLUSTRATIONS. A DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE .... Angelo Carboni . . Plate 7. Face 87SOME DESIGNS FOR LITTLE THEATRES . . Un Religieux Plates 8 &amp; 9. follow 94A PLAN OF VENICE, circa 1700 Large folding plate . Coronelli .... Face 130THE ELEVENTH OPERA HOUSE. PARIS . . Anon 129THE BALLET GIRL, Scenes from her Life . . . Henning, Gavarni &amp; Gilbert . 100-108Head and Tail Pieces from old and modern Designs. FOREWORD J. S. ACHEL, Mrs. Oldfield, the Ballet Girl and Lady Byron...all of these ladies have a place in this number.We have often wondered why people collected stamps.Of all trivial pursuits it seemed to us one of the most trivial. Yet you will find it is men as a rule who collect these trifleswhile it is women, who are always accused (and how illogically) ofbeing the trivial sex, who do no such thing.Did Rachel collect such worthless things ?... or Mrs. Oldfield }The catalogues of their sales and effects, which we are reprinting in thesedays, reveal no stamps. The Ballet Girl rarely used a stamp : LadyByron one or two.That very estimable Lady Byron, to whose character our reviewerbarely renders justice, where is the catalogue of the sale or where theinventory of her effects ? What effects had she ? We would be gladto possess a copy of the list, for, since we began to look curiouslyinto these things , we have come to see therein unconscious portraitsof the ladies to whom the effects belonged.A wise psychologist could deduce therefrom a photographic likenessof the lady's soul. That is why we would see a copy of LadyByron's list.We do know that she left a written " Character of Lord Byron "drawn up before their marriage; we know that she left a judicialanalysis of Lord Byron drawn up nearly forty years later and handed over to the Rev. Frederick Robertson of Brighton, full of revelations,judgments and curious attitudes. But, beyond an abundance of lettersand " disclosures we know nothing of her effects.Since Actresses be ever acting it follows that the wisest soul-readerwould be baulked by what they left behind. Effects and " properties "being their stock in trade, all we can deduce from their lists of finelinen and purple, is that they were very effective.The Ballet Girl is equally thwarting.So poor Lady Byron (who never acted) is left over, and a hun- dred eyes will now ferret about to discover what exactly her readingmatter may have been.At her sale was there put up and knocked down perhaps a copy ofSouthey's " Life of Nelson " ? ON THE INVENTORY OFAN ACTRESS'S EFFECTSWITH SOME NOTES BY GORDON CRAIG. f&lt; The English were prompted by no other Principle,in burying Mrs. Oldfield in Westminsten-Abbey, thantheir good Sense. They are far from being so ridiculousas to brand with infamy an Art which has immortalizedan Euripides and a Sophocles A Voltaire.mil \\msKsmssmmsamm LOVELY Nance Oldfield was born ona day unrecorded in the year 1683,at a house in Pall Mall 61, London ; shebecame one of the most famous of Englishactresses and she died, poor Mrs. Oldfield,on Monday October 23 rd of theyear 1730, at No. 60, Lower GrosvenorStreet, Hanover Square, a new-built house,in the same old London in which she hadbeen born.In 1731, Mr. William Egerton (3),brought out his " Faithful Memoirs "of her " LIFE ", and also of her" Amours and Performances " (Price 3s.Stitched ; 3s. 6d. Bound !).He calls her " justly celebrated andthe most eminent of her time " and onthe title of his book adds this pretty piecefrom Rochefoucault : " The great painswhich the LADIES of this age take tocommend VIR TUE, is sometimes a shrewd sign that they take but very little topractice IT. And, the greatest Part ofthose complaints against their Neighbours,are owing to the Want of Reflection uponi lipm cp|\/pcOf all this (and I like it all) I likemost the " 3s. Stitched; 3s. 6d. Bound ".To think that one could get a nice oc- tavo bound in good young calfskin, tool- ed, gilt, and all the rest of it, for six- pence in 1731, makes me unleash asigh for 1731 again.&lt;J Dear Mrs. Oldfield was not a sain- ted lady : no one could make a joke ather expense as they could about QueenElizabeth. Mr. Egerton says that she hadamours on the title page, he says it;but she was dear Mrs. Oldfield and heramours were Nance Oldfield's.I mean she was kind and clever, al- ways tried to please and always tried notto hurt.During her life, the great-great-grand- father of my old friend Drury Pervil actedas property-man in the theatre where shedid perform in that Theatre Royal inDrury Lane. Later he came (at his ownrequest) to act as stage-door keeper.Some historians deny this, but surelyhis descendant should know, and he assertsdefinitely that his great - great - grandfatherwas property master or man at the theatrewhen Mrs. Oldfield acted her many partsthere, and he it is who has left us a care- ful list of those parts.Egerton gives us in his " FaithfulMemoirs " a list of her effects. A si- milar list of the great Rachel's effectsappeared in The Mask• (l) It interestedme and perhaps you.On reading these two lists, Rachel'sand Oldfield's, I felt as I did when look- ing through the effects of Ellen Terry, sold at Christie's. I felt that all thesepretty things, each having a history, shouldhave that history told, their portraits taken,and thus, through word and picture, tellgently more of the tale of Ellen Terry orof Nance Oldfield than we shall ever getin the gusty emotional way.And this catalogue of Mrs. Oldfieid'seffects is almost better than a life ill-told as some vain admirer would tell it, for weare spared the self-portrait of the admirer andwe get the admired. And on each item,if we like to linger, we can suppose manygentle things according to our mind's heartor if the mind be without a heart,we can speculate alone in the frost.That " gold snuff-box, set with Bril- liants and Rubies ", catches my eye.When was it first seen and touched byher ? what was she saying ? and in whatseveral situations, after it was hers, didher mind and hand turn to it ? I won- der, did she at seven o'clock each even- ing, always place her light hand on itand, raising it, carry it from her dressing- table to her boudoir or her theatre? Andwhy ? Did the brilliants always remindher of the same thing or of several things ?Did it inspire her versatile wit or did itbring calm to her noble character ? Whatsize and weight was it ? Did it everfall ? What did she say then ? Andfalling, as she stooped to recover it, didshe not once strike her forehead on theknob of the door, and of this stunning taketo her bed ? Did she there, next morn,turn, put out her hand not find it nearand whisper, " Where is my box ? "And was there a long hunt for it untilthe wretch was found beneath the sofa,where it had slipped, pushed by her heel,as she tried to recover herself at her fall ?And as it came in and her face lightedup, did not my Lord Fitz Geralton (comingin too) take the joyful look as harbinger of his coming and once more growvain ?Tell us then the story of a woman seffects all the lesser details thatwe may learn to see and hear the woman.I had not heard of night jewelry be- fore though most of the world knowsit, I suppose. So that coming upon " APair of Ruby Night-Ear-Rings, set withgold", in the list of effects, had a prettysound. " Pier and chimney glasses "into which she had looked such clearpools of joy where are they now ?" Carpets of the nicest sort " over whichshe passed, and which she saw, and feltbeneath her feet. What has happenednot only to these nicest carpets but totheir " Memoirs " ? Wandering back toPersia, their souls are heard saying to thehundreds of fellow carpets who never tra- vel from Teheran, " I was the carpet ofthat justly celebrated and most eminentactress, Mrs. Nance Oldfield, and no onein London has cared to hear, to inscribe,and to remember the lovely things I knowof her. Her regard for Lord Hxxxx isvaguely known ; her love for me is lostentirely - and we never fell out; neveranything passed between us but was a joy.She admired me spoke of me ofmy expression and colour. She was grievedif 1 was wounded by any clumsy spur, andwhen a dish of tea tipped up and fellon me, she was instantly down on her kneesto put all right again." And what of that look she once gaveme when returning at night alone, afterthe play ? It was the twenty-seventh ofFebruary 1730. She opened her doorand came in with lights. To the wholeroom she spoke little nothings, but fullof love and then departed, crossing light- ly over me to her inner room, closingthe door. Only the moon was left tosprawl over us all as it rose above the straight roof of No. 22, across the way.Ah ! What a Lady ! You have nonesuch in this abominable Persia of yours ".But really carpets talk better than this and Hans Andersen or Valentine Voxcould have given a more Persian accentto its voice.No laces are recorded as having beenin Mrs. Gldfield's sale; yet, " As thenicetye of her Dress was her Delightwhen living, she was nicely dressed afterher Decease, being by Mrs. SaundersDirection thus laid in her coffin : she hadon a very fine Brussels-lace Head, aHolland Shift, with tucker, and a doubleRuffle of the same lace, a pair of newKid-Gloves, and her body wrapped up ina Winding Sheet ", records Egerton.What a number of important factsshould come down to us with the recordof a fine woman's lace ! Endless shouldsuch records be of such a woman —-and never unassociated with some trinket,some book, vase, or wearing apparel. Yetbarely does a biographer tell us of thesethings of things so very near and dearto her.1 have two lovely little silver labelshung on chains, with the words " Whis- ky " " Brandy " cut on them. Withthese two labels are engraven on my mindpicture after picture of a lady quite un- known to you, a Madam Taylerren, butfamous in Vienna some hundred years ago.I have the record of the several times acertain visitor saw these labels whatshe did to them where they camefrom what she said as she opened a- certain black and gold cupboard door. And having the labels and knowing allthis is like having two living things which. speak to me of this lady.Chopin's pencil-case perhaps exists or the watch-chain given him on Monday,. December 21, 1850 in Majorca but where is the little picture, where the tale,of what he did and said when he touchedthese two relics, so that they shall livetheir life and not be deadly mementoesof death ?Here stood Louis XVI on the daywhen the mob burst into the gardens ofVersailles ", the guide of the Palace willtell you. I really can't believe that, forhe doesn't know. And besides, the pic- ture is too big ; neither did the Palacelook like that in 1789, nor were thesounds the same ; the light was not thesame, nor the trees, nor anything. Butshow me the cane he was carrying ; tellme the whole history of that trifle ; and Ishall then come rather nearer to KingLouis maybe even at that memorablemoment in 1 789.And now are you tired with all thistalk of relics ? I am. FROM WILLIAM EGERTON(CURLL'S) BOOK MRS. OLDFIELD having bequeathedher Dwelling-House and Furnitureto her son CHURCHILL, and directed herExecutors to turn and Estateand Effects into readyconvenient Speed,l thought it would notprove unacceptable to my Readers to givethem an Inventory of some of her nicestCuriosities, &amp;c. because it may in a greatmeasure confirm the Delicacy of herTaste, and shew her judgment in a fewparticulars foreign to her Profession, where- in she was truly a Non Pareil. MEDALS, STATUES, PICTURES,JEWELS, &amp; C. Fifty Two Silver Medals.Seventy One Gold Counters. STATUES. Two Marble Bustoes.Her Son Churchill in Marble.The Earl of Strafford, a whole Length,finely carved in Ivory, by Mr. Gibbons.A Dog curiously performed in Marble.The Judgment of Paris, a Basso Relievo,in Ivory.A Venus in Brass.Several fine Heads in Agate Onyx, for Seals.A Parcel of Silver Roman Medals.A Five Guinea Piece of K. GEORGE 11.A TWO GUINEA One with -Six different pieces of Gold.Two Gold Snuff-Boxes ; one set withBrilliants and Rubies. PICTURES. The E. of Essex, by .Bradshaw's Head, by Cooper.A fine History Piece, by Ricci.Several Landscapes and Battle-Pieces.A Sea Triumph, by an Italian Master.Two Dutch Sea Ports, by Brughill.Venus and Adonis, by Luca Jordano.A View of Plymouth by ncres.The Royal Family of STUART, afterV andyke.Anna Bullen's Head.The Holy Family, after Raphael.A Fine Flower-Piece.King George I by Kneller.A Madonna with Angels, by Muratti;with some other very neat small Paintings inOil, and India Pictures.Three Gold Watches, two Repeaters, oneby Hubert, one by Poy, and another finelychased.A Gold Equipage finely chased.A Gold Smelling Bottle.Six Gold Stay-Buckles and Tags.Several very fine Sets of China, Japan'dand Gilt, with a large Quantity of the rich- est old China.Two very fine Antique Vases.Fine India Chests, Cabinets, Etc.Three Gold Medals of Q. Anne andtheir present Majesties.A Roman Wolf, Antique.A Gold Repeating Watch and Chain,enriched with Brilliants, Rubies, and LapisLazuli. Two fine Pieces of after 7e- niers.Tables of Marble, Agate, and Jasper.A Curious French Repeating Clock byDelander.A fine Riding Equipage embroideredwith Silver.A Set of wrought Dressing Plate., JEWELS. A Necklace with 37 Garnets, and aDiamond in each.A Fine large Pearl Necklace.A Seed Pearl Necklace.A Large Brilliant Ring.A Brilliant Weighing 11 'A Grains.A Diamond Necklace, containing 34 Bril- liants.Two Seals set with Brilliants and LapisLazuli.Five Brilliant Crochets.A Pair of Brilliant Ear Rings,, contain- ing 8 large and 12 small Diamonds.A Pair of Brilliant Ear-Rings with Eme- rald . Drops.A Pair of Brilliant Ear-Rings with three"Drops each.A Cross with; exceeding fine Emeralds,set with small Brilliants.Five Diamond Crochets.A Diamond Buckle with Rosen.Another, with 24 Brilliants.A Locket set with Pearl.Thirteen Brilliants unset.A very fine Yellow Brilliant Ring.A small enamelled Brilliant Ring &amp;nrrFour Others. "A Pair of RubyNight-Ear-Ri setwith Gold.A Pair of large Garnet Ear-P ;an(jDrops.A Cross and Couland of the, &lt;§ame&lt;An enamelled Picture of vkp. vm*®. &gt;nl.ry • f v-, illC piCSI Jillisang or trance.Another, of a Nobleman,, Gold.Besides these Curiosities -she had at prel ttyCollection of Books, m French &amp; EkdisFi;a large Quantity of Plate; Beds and Chairsof Damask Chmts and Needle-Work; Fin eapestry ; Pier and Chimney-Glasses* Scon -ces, branches and Lustres; Carpets of thi inicest Sorts; in short the wlhole Ft'irniture of her House was adjusted in the most elegantand fashionable manner.Page 209 to 212." Memoirs of the Life of Mrss OldfieldWilliam Egerton, 1751, London. I think that those who have spoken illof Mr. Curll a hangdog name as- suredly should they ever read this lifeof Mrs. Oldfield, should pause then andconsider carefully whether perhaps the menwhom he damned were not just a bit more" scurrilous " than silly old Curll of whomMr. Thomas Amory could say with gra- titude that "he brought me to the play- houses and gave me a judicious accountof every actor. He understood thesethings well. No man could talk betteron theatrical subjects ".It is much to say of anyone forpeople like Curll, Sarcey, Swaffer, talkingwell on theatrical subjects, are not to bemet with every day. (1) Probably The George Tavern, or one of theadjoining houses.(2) " Friday, October 23 ", writes Egerton, but Imake it out to have been a Monday.(3) Edmund Curll, the famous grub, who had hisbookshop next door to Will's Coffee House, in BowStreet, Covent Garden, who was not liked is notliked yet when he liked could write. (1) It is continued in this number and will be com- pleted in the next. Editorr TWO DEFINITIONS. THE ART OF THE THEATRE. THIS TERM •• ART OF THE THEATRE "IS TAKEN TO MEAN THE PICTORIALPART OF A STAGE PICTURE. THAT ISTHE INCORRECT WAY TO TAKE IT. THETERM MEANS THE WHOLE RESULT ASHEARD AND SEEN ON THE STAGE : PLAY - MUSIC - SCENE - ACTING - DAN- CING - LIGHTING - SINGING - ALL. THEPLAY-MAKING TAKEN ALONE IS A CRAFT :DANCING A CRAFT : EACH PART ISA CRAFT. TAKEN TOGETHER THEY FORMA WHOLE, AND THAT WHOLE TODAY GOESBY THE NAME OF THE THEATRICAL ART. PLAYWRIGHT. PLAYWRIGHT SHIPWRIGHT WHEEL- WRIGHT.A WRIGHT IS PLAIN ENGLISH, AND MEANSA WORKMAN: A WORKMAN WHO ISCRAFTSMAN. HANNEN SWAFFER BY ONE WHO ADMIRES HIM. Philip Polfreman. T was once in London, and, though myi particular occupation is far removed fromthings theatrical (as a matter of fact I'ma farmer), I have a particular liking forthings theatrical and I study them.I have never known how a theatricalcritic could find anything interesting towrite about the London theatre today, andthis is why 1 have such an admiration forHannen Swaffer. He is fairly well hatedby the theatrical profession but no oneknows why. I, who know lots of thea- trical people, do not know why; neitherdo they. I've asked them. All theycan do is to splutter.The first time I heard Swaffer's namesome time about 1920 I think, I tookit to be an assumed name. I read his ar- ticle and saw a portrait of him and stillfelt assured certain in fact that nosuch person ever existed. I had a notion(absurd as it may sound) that it was aname under which Dr. J. M. Bullochoccasionally wrote. I then saw it againand passed it by. Then, as I say, I wasonce in London, and, being amongst thea- trical people and, hearing six or seven allSwaffering around cursing Swaffer sneering at Swaffer by-playing aboutSwaffer I thought for a moment and,at a lull in the commotion, asked, " Whois Swaffer? ". A roar went up. It dazedme, but before long I discovered that Ihad been supposed to have made a smartjoke 1 suppose I said it so naturally." That's knocked him ", thought oneof the roarers. " That's a good 'un ",felt another. " Who's Swaffer ? " Ha,ha, ha ".But I had meant what I had said.I had meant to say, "I do not know Mr. Hannen Swaffer ; I don't even knowif he is an important critic. I have heardhis name, but who is he ?€J 1 was asking, obviously, for infor- mation, but 1 was not enlightened. InLondon that is the last thing one mustlook to be. 1 was merely emotionatedI felt I knew not what.The mere thought of Swaffer stirredthe whole room curiously... but the peo- ple in it all failed to give me his measureor his portrait. They always do. Someone may have even said " Old Swafferthereby showing that at any rate hewas held in a far-off sort of toleration byone of them but I fear that no oneshowed the slightest affection for him some of his fellow journalists were present.I left the house as ignorant as ever whoSwaffer was or might be. No one in London, in that circle, ever makes anythingclear. As an example of this therewas an actor present whose work 1 hadnever seen. I wanted to know about it.No one enlightened me. Yet I Was thereto meet him ! !A year later, i met Swaffer ca- sually and then 1 began to read hispages in The Daily Express. It is farand away the best conception of Londontheatricals that you get on that page. Icannot say exactly why but I guessit is because Swaffer is intelligent neversatisfied with himself always hopefulabout the stage expecting nothing utterly sceptical but distinctly full of hope,else he had died in three years of suchexperience. Swaffer has an unfortunateserious love for the stage unfortunatefor him fortunate for us so what- ever he may purpose to write is to bewritten by him to the noblest ends. YetSwaffer is obliged to witness daily the cun- ning antics of a crowd of professionals allbent on deceiving themselves and one another from meanest motives and thereby degradingthe British Theatre. And these people arethe riff-raff who have the audacity to hateand despise Hannen Swaffer. Even oettermen and women in the theatre indulgetheir blind prejudice against this criticThey don't like his personal touch. Ithink that men like Denis Neilson Terry,Henry Ainley,... to select two representativenames,... understand his worth. Thenthere is Binnie Hale who has drawn hisportrait admirably. And there are a fewothers. It is of course never exactlypleasant, nor does it conduce to an enthu- siastic liking for a critic, to be sharplycriticized by him. But what is a keencritic for, if not to say what he thinks ?What is a clever one for (and a cleverjournalist) but to make his critiques andhis notes readable and entertaining? Swaffer is not only readable and en- tertaining, he is generally correct. Whenhe announces that £ 1 70,000 has beenlost in eighteen theatres in 1928, whenhe tells us that " Journey's End " was,in February last, making a profit of £l5OOa week, we can rely on his information;and, with the exception of George jeanNathan, he is easily the soundest andmost reliable English-writing dramatic criticalive.And it is useful to know these thingsso that, when we are told that certainmanagers never have losses, we can refuteit, and when we are told that managershave not enough to risk anything oh a betterclass of work we know that's not true either. Allan Carric. 1649 SOME STAGE SCENES OF 1649 FOR LITTLE THEATRES. Plate 8. IN 1649 the third volume of a charmingwork on Perspective appeared in Pariswritten by " tin religieux de la Compagniede JesusThis good man dealt with every concei- vable branch of perspective ; and though un- religioux did not when he came to the ques- tion of perspective in Theatres bolt as thoughSatan were after him. He went on andamused himself and amuses us. rT"lHis first platey he tells us represents howto make a scene change thyee times bymeans of triangles.It is quite obvious to us without mot eexplanation how this is done. Each triangleturns on its own central pivot fixed above andbelozv.He put four triangles three feet behindthe cut architectural opening AB and CD(plan a. b. and c. d.J. On the flat side e.f. (repeated) a building is painted. Let.each triangle turn and- let the side e.g. e.g. (repeated) come to the front and lo I agarden : turn once more and lo I there is a land- scape g. fg. f. (repeated). The actors willenter behind the architectural cut piece andthe triangles.Thus the religueux goes on. What easier or nicer. Allan Carric. 1649 SOME STAGE SCENES OF 1649 FOR LITTLE THEATRES. Plate 9. XTow to make the two side pieces change (forthe passage about these back pieces I leaveuntranslated it being unnecessary since vonhave the triangles).He tells us that these side pieces revolveon their pivots E. They can show two effects :houses and trees.Compare these with some notes by Sabbat- tini, reproduced in Miss Campbell' s bookScenes and Machines " and in Dr. NicoW s" Development of the Theatre", so asto see that you make no mistakes, and thereyou are equipt with all the scenes you 7/ everzv ant.And now you''ll no longer annoy the dra- matic authors ; and besides, it will cost ratherless than most scenes. pRESUMABLY the stage is a flat one - yet Fur- tenbach shows us a distinct slope : a slopewhich always has puzzled me.I should use a flat stage if I -were you. CATALOGUE OF THE SALE OFMLLE. RACHEL'S POSSESSIONS HELD IN PARIS FROM THE 12TH TO THE 29TH OFAPRIL 1858 AT PLACE ROYALE No. 9 BY THEADMINISTRATOR OF ME. HAYAUX DU TILLY,RUE DU BAC, 26, AND RUE DE L'UNIVERSITÉ, 46, PARISCONTINUED FROM THE LAST NUMBER, SILVER, JEWELS ANDDIAMONDS. SILVER 1. Two stands for hors-d'oeuvres, withsilver covers, weighing 400 grammes.2. Casserole weighing 253 gr.3. Eight stands for bottles weighing1,615 gr.4. Fish-slice with ivory handle, weighing137 gr.5. Fish-slice, the Boar-hunt, gross weight157 gr.6. Mustard-pot weighing 187 gr.7. Six bouts de table weighing 282 gr.8. Four salt spoons, one for mustard,another for sugar, foreign silver, weighing65 gr.9. Eight salt spoons in, silver-gilt, weigh- ing 67 gr.10. Six knife-rests weighing 106 gr.11. Six skewers weighing 122 gr- -12. Six fruit knives weighing 55 gr.13. Twelve egg-cups in filigree.14. English menagereweighing 970 gr.15. Salad set, gross weight 190 gr.16. Twelve oyster forks, gross weight265 gr.17. Sugar tongs weighing 27 gr.18. Sugar tongs weighing 98 gr.19. Sugar spoon weighing 70 gr.20. Two sugar spoons weighing 147 gr.21. Twelve couverts(l) a dessert weighing1295 gr.22. Twelve couverts a dessert weighing1295 §r'23. Six couverts a dessert weighing 655 gr. 24. Four plates weighing 1925 gr.25. » » » 1895 gr.26. » » » 1898 gr.27. » » » 1875 gr.28. » » » 1917 gr.29. » » » 1878 sr.30. » » » 1938 gr.31. » » » 1878 gr.32. » » » 1922 gr.33. » » » 1917 gr.34. » » » 1912 gr.35. » » » 1940 gr.36. » » » 1905 gr.37. » » » 1885 gr.38. » » » 1935 gr.39. Two soup plates » 982 gr.40. » » ■»» 967 gr.41. » » » •» 971 gr.42. » » » » 993 gr.43. Plate weighing 485 gr.44. Two entree dishes weighing 1452 gr.45. Two entree dishes weighing 1447 gr.46. Two dishes for relevesweighing 1858 gr.47. Two dishes for releves v/ei ghing 1800 gr.48. Oval dish weighing 1860 gr.49. Oval dish weighing 1288 gr.50. Oval dish weighing 3805 gr.51. Turbot dish with its grill weighing7150 gr.52. Punch ladle.53. Bowl with its tray, with monograms,English silver, weighing 268 gr.54. Cup and saucer in silver-gilt weigh- ing 378 gr.55. Cup and its tray, silver, with grape- leaves in relief, weighing 495 &amp;•56. Sugar basin and its tray, twelve cof- fee spoons in foreign gilded silver, weighing745 gr.57. Knife, spoon and fruit scissors, fo- reign gilded silver, weighing 227 gr. 58. Silver snuffers and tray weighing205 gr.59. Four hors-d'oeuvre pieces weighing270 gr.60. Two butter knives weighing 285 gr.61. Four spoons for entremets (side dish- es) weighing 288 gr.62. Two ragout" spoons weighing 455 gr.Two ragout spoons » » »63. Asparagus tongs weighing 279 gr.64. Twelve coffee spoons, gilded silver,weighing 225 gr.65. Soup ladle weighing 233 gr.66. Twelve converts weighing 2115 gr- -67. Twelve converts weighing 2100 gr.68. Six converts weighing 1050 gr.69. Twelve forks weighing 1047 gr.70. Twelve forks weighing 1057 gr.71. Twelve forks weighing 1060 gr.72. Twelve forks weighing 1058 gr.73. Twelve forks weighing 1052 gr.74. Ten forks weighing 880 gr.75. Twelve table knives, silver handles.76. A hundred table knives, silver han- dles.77. Carving set, silver handles.78. Twenty-nine dessert knives, silverhandles.79. Thirty dessert knives, silver bladesand handles.80. Vegetable casserole, weighing 1005.81. Two vegetables casseroles, with dou- ble bottoms, weighing 4010 gr.82. Chestnut dish, weighing 1698 gr.83. Bread basket, fine English work,weighing 1465 gr.84. English sugar bowl, weighing 188 gr.85. English sugar bowl, with handles,weighing 1117 gr.86. Silver candlesticks, panthers and rams- heads, weighing 1145 gr.87. Travelling coffee pot, with monograms,weighing 220 gr.88. Louis XV coffee pot, weighing 185 gr.89. Coffee pot weighing 440 gr.90. Four pieces forming a tea equipage,weighing 400 gr. net.91. Large silver tray weighing 4923 gr.92. Two champagne pails, in engravedsilver, weighing 7800 gr,93. Large basin with water jet and life- sized doves, English silver, weighing 5290 gr.94. Fine tea service, d'Aucoc, gross weight6787 gr. This service is enclosed in its case. 95. Necessaire de toilette in palissandre(violet ebony), d'Aucoc, with silver fittings,weighing 4930 gr. SILVER PLATE 96. Small tray for tea service.97. Two entree dishes, with borders ofengraved silver.98. Two entree dishes with borders ofengraved silver.99. Two dishes for with bordersof engraved silver.100. Two dishes for releves, with bordersof engraved silver.101. Two oval dishes with borders ofengraved silver.102. Large rich tray with border of en- graved silver. ARGENTURE CHRISTOFELE. 103. An incomplete chest. RUSSIAN SILVER 104. Twelve little Russian drinking-cupsof Toula, weighing 378 gr.105. Engraved casserole, Toula silver,weighing 572 gr.106. Necessaire de toilette with fittings ofinlaid silver, weighing 4444 gr. (This neces- saire, a remarkable piece of work, was presen- ted to Mademoiselle Rachel by His Excel- lency Prince Gortschakoff, at Moscow, in 1854).107. Russian drinking-cup, silver boar'shead.108. Russian goblet, tree-trunk.109. Russian goblet, episode of the Cau- casian war, with raised figures.110. Russian salt-cellar, with inscription.111. Russian salt-cellar with inscriptionand engraving.112. Case of Russian silver of Toula,weight 2752 gr.113. Case of Russian silver, of Toula,total weight 9220 gr. A very rich service,with views of Russia. JEWELS AND DIAMONDS. 114. Two bracelets, gilded silver.115. Five triangular brooches, gold andimitation onyx. 116. Gold brooch, (10 gr.) horn of plenty.117. Triangular brooch, gold, on pietra dura.118. Brooch, gold, miniature, portrait ofMarie-Louise.119. Earrings, gold, with pendants offruits ; weight, 10 gr.120. Earrings, gold, medallions of Alex- ander.121. Fifteen buttons and a brooch in mosaic.122. Italian brooch, gold, with a device :Signum Amicitiae; weight, 10 gr.123. Italian brooch, gold, weighing 16 gr.,with theatre mask surrounded by the de- vice : Feliciter.124. Italian brooch, Greek form, gold,weighing 10 gr., with the device: Vitadulcis.125. Italian bracelet, gold, weighing 33 gr.,with these inscriptions, Amo te. Ama me.126. Pencil-case in gold and malachite.127. Bracelet, gold ground, with Egyptianbasreliefs and perfume box, enclosed in anut-shell.128. Bracelet in gilded silver, with ninemedallions.129. Chatelaine with Russian fittings ingilded silver.130. Vade-mecum in gold, mother ofpearl and turquoises.131. Bracelet in jaseron (20 grammes)with nine foreign crosses.132. Oval medallion, gold and blue ena- mel : gross weight 62 gr.133. Oval brooch, onyx and sardonyx,with oriental inscription, surrounded by a goldcircle.134. Gold pencil-case (32 gr.) adornedwith enamel, rose-diamonds, sapphires, rubiesand emeralds.135. Two coral earrings, rams' heads.136. Coral bracelet; Nereide holding ayoung Triton.137. Coral brooch, Neptune and Amphi- trite in the centre of a group of Loves andTritons.138. Coral brooch forming a bracelet;ram s head surrounded by vine-leaves andgrapes.139. Necklet, woven gold, and two ear- rings with corals ; Egyptian style.140. Square necklet, woven gold and pinkcorals ; weight, 90 gr.141. Pin in gold and pink coral, withgarlands of flowers. 142. Brooch, woven gold, weighing 93 gr.143. Bracelet, woven gold, weighing 97 gr.144. Turkish talisman, gold, rose diamondsand rubies on a large triangular turquoise,with chatelaine in chased copper.145. Gold Louis XVI watch, in goodpreservation.146. Brooch on pietra dura set in gold ;Italian workmanship; (Napoleon I, surroundedby various attributes of power and glory).147. Gold medallion (79 gr.) with theinitials L. R.148. Set of twenty-two dress arid sleevebuttons in turquoise.149. Lap is lazuli flagon, mounted in goldand enamel.150. Turkish Tarbouch, gold, rubies andenamel, in three tones.151. Brooch, serpent's head, gold, ena- mel, rose diamonds, pearls and rubies.152. Necklace and two earrings, withpendants in Egyptian form, gold, weighing155. gr.153. Egyptian necklace and earrings, goldand scarabs.154. Set of two earrings, a pair of sleeve- buttons and nineteen dress buttons, in theform of serpents, weighing, with the links,548 gr.155. Two gold bracelets, with large links,forming a girdle, weighing 430 gr.156. Gold bracelet (75 gr.) in the formof a serpent, set with turquoises, rose dia- monds and rubies.157. Pin, eagle, gold and brilliants. Pre- sented by the Polish Society of Paris, afterr\ rnnritv mfo158-159 V') Gold ring, set with a rubyand two brilliants.160. Gold ring, set with a brilliant.161. Gold ring, set with a round sapphireand eleven brilliants.162. Gold ring, set with an oval sapphireand eleven brilliants.163. Gold ring, set with an emerald andtwelve brilliants. (Presented by His Majestythe Emperor of Russia, St. Petersberg, 1854).164. Gold ring mounted with an ovalruby and twelve brilliants.165. Gold ring mounted with a round rubyand twelve brilliants.166. Gold bracelet (93 gr.) set with bril- Hants and rubies, with portrait of Mile. Mars,by Mme. de Michel.167. Gold bracelet (47 gr.) enlaced ser- pents, enamel and brilliants. (Presented byHer Majesty the Queen of England).168. Note-book, in gold and enamel, withminiature, pencil-case and watch.169. Brooch with pendants, uncut eme- ralds and rose diamonds.170. Brooch with five pendants, set withemeralds (one large and other smaller ones),pearls, rubies and brilliants.171. Plaque in brilliants, (twenty-six small,twenty-four larger) and a turquoise.172. Gold and blue enamel brooch, setwith seventeen brilliants.1 73. Brooch with pendants, set with bril- liants, rubies and three pearls.(l) (Presentedby His Majesty Napoleon III).1 74. Gold bracelet in the form of an Ara- bian saddle, set with rubies, sapphires, eme- ralds, pearls and brilliants.175. Earrings with rubies, emeralds andbrilliants. (Presented by His Majesty theEmperor Nicholas. St.. Petersberg, 1854).176. Gold bracelet (98 gr.) with a heartformed of seventeen rubies and forty-sevenbrilliants, medallions of sapphires and bril- liants.177. Diamond brooch with garlands andthree pearls in pendants.178. Necklace of imitation pearls withplaque of uncut emeralds surrounded by thir- teen brilliants.179. Bracelet of sixty-six pearls adornedwith rose diamonds and brilliants.180. Brooch in the form of a snail, setwith rubies, brilliants and pearls. (Presen- ted by His Majesty the Emperor Nicholas atSt. Petersberg, 1854).181. Brooch with pendant in opals, rosediamonds and 54 brilliants. (Presented byHis Majesty the Emperor Nicholas, at Ber- lin, 1854).182. Two earrings with pendants, caho- chons and sixteen brilliants. (Gift of HerImperial Highness the grand-duchess Heleneof Russia, Hambourg).183. Necklace of brilliants and pearls setin pendants.184. Two earrings, rubies and brilliantsset in pendants. 185. Brooch with pendants in rubies andbrilliants.186. Bracelet-bandeau, in the form of awreath (l) adorned with brilliants.187. Bracelet forming a ador- ned with turquoises and brilliants.188. Demi-collier in rubies and brilliants.189. Gold bracelet, weighing 88 gr., setwith about 89 rubies and 352 brilliants.190. Three brooches and aigulets set withbrilliants and forming a richsage.191. Two brooches with brilliants(pear-shaped), mounted in fuchsias.192. Two diamond earrings, mounted inthe form of bees.193. Two pendant earrings, in brilliants.194. Riviere of thirty-two large brilliants.195. Silver filigree bracelet, with littlechain. (36 gr.).196. Two silver curb bracelets, not clo- sed, (135 gr.).197. Bracelet cable (cable bracelet), notclosed, (96 gr.).198. Iwo silver bracelets with roundedpoints, (88 gr.) (The six foregoing brace- lets were brought from Upper Egypt).199. Small filigree coffer.*2OO. Two gold Italian earrings, weighing27 gr.201. Antique gold seal; weight 17 gr.202. Silver gilt seal and amethyst bust.203. Brochetteof foreign decorations, goldand silver, weighing 31 gr.204. Chaplet in silver and garnets.205. Chaplet in silver and agates.206. Chaplet in gold and blue glass.207. Musical harp, gold, enamel and ipse:diamonds, with key.208. Portrait of la (2)209. Gold medallion with portrait..210. Gold and emerald ring.211. Waist-belt clasp, mask, in gold, rosediamonds and rubies, (15 gr.).212. Gold chain and scarabs.213. Gold Egyptian bracelet, with medal- hons in silver and gold : weight 177 gr.214. Seventy-six gold sequins, weighing83 gr.215. Seven gold medallions,(31 gr.). (1) Knife, fork and spoon. (1) No. 158 appears to have been omitted, or withdrawn, asthe list goes from 157 to 159. (I) The pearls are in each case described as " pedes fines" iegenuine or native pearls. Translator. (1) En forme de couronne ' * may have been either in the form°t a wreath or a coronet. Translator(2) Presumably Beatrice Cenci. Translator. CHEATING THEBRITISH PUBLIC. SHOWMEN OR SHOPKEEPERS.FREDERICK BALSIR CHATTERTON (1855-1866)AND LORD GEORGE SANGER (1827-1911). BY JOHN SEMAR. IT is of Lord George Sanger we will notwrite; his book published by the Dentsis sufficient testimony to the glory of the styleof old showmen since the year one and neverto go out of date.But a few words about Mr. Chattertonmay be useful.You never heard of him?., strange, forhe was the manager in London from 1866to 1879 when he failed for £40,000 liabilities,having just produced " The Winter's Tale "" elaborately " but badly.You have heard of Sir Alfred Butt, of Mr.C. B. Cochran : well, Mr. Chatterton wasas celebrated as these in those days. Hewas the author of the notorious saying" Shakespeare spells ruin and Byron bank- ruptcy ".It is the excellent Robert W. Lowewho calls it " notorious ".Today, as yesterday and as tomorrow, thereare people who are ever so proud to echoMr. Chatterton without even knowingwhom they echo.Shakespeare having written plays of ahighbrow kind, every whipper-snapper (in- cluding the big shop keeper who managesTheatres), everyone is proud to be contemp- tuous of him.It is an astounding pose and one whichwe have tolerated too long.Exactly when Chatterton said this is im- portant. It was either precisely during theseason when Henry Irving was in his com- pany, 1869, or it was in September 1873 when Chatterton failed with a spectacularrevival of " Antony and Cleopatra" andByron's " Sardanapalus ".Mr. Chance Newton gives us 1869 as thedate: Mr. Austin Brereton gives us 1873.In 1871 Irving electrified London in" The Bells " two years after Chatterton hadfailed to recognize his genius. In 1874-73and '76 Irving played Hamlet for a run oftwo hundred nights, Macbeth and Othello,and proved that Shakespeare spelt anythingbut ruin except to incompetent egotists likelittle Chatterton.In writing of Irving at this time the Englishcritics showed neither discernment nor pluck,nor did they do the spirit of Dramatic Criticismjustice: but E. R. Russell, Editor of the" Liverpool Daily Post" wrote a pamphletentitled " Irving as Hamlet" which must beread with care by anyone who wishes tounderstand the Irving of that day.The English Critics all stood up boldlyfor little Chatterton for little Chatterton wasmore " important" in 1871 and '79 in theireyes than Irving, the greatest artist on thestage.This attitude of theirs would seem to beas traditional as the more ancient traditionof sucking up to the big boy at school and Chatterton this little Chatterton was the big boy at that time. Today cer- tain London Managers are the big boysof the school, and the press men buzz aroundto get their orders, and then off they go tospread the lie, and thus is the Public oncemore swindled.I mean this and I mean it straight fromthe shoulder.The best work of the best artists of today,be they actors or playwrights or producers,is the only work these critics should callfor and go on calling for till they get itfor us all. This best work is not seen the best artists are lied out of work andby these toadies.This is some of the harm some Londonmanagers are doing.But to return to Chatterton. He did alittle harm too.As a sample of his particularly meanmethod look up a copy of " Diprose's Bookabout the Stage and the Players ", 288 pageswith many woodcuts. No date is on it butit was published in 1876. Irving had just played Hamlet for a two hundred nights runand Macbeth for eighty.Now NOT ONE WORD OF THISIS TO BE FOUND IN THIS BOOK.Not only that, but Irving's name is bannedfrom the book except for a single mentionin Pearl type which couldn't be excluded,it referring to a Complimentary benefit toMr. Benjamin Webster: " Mr. Henry Irving recitedTom Hood's famous poem of Eugene Aram " •••• Th6SC de- ven words only.Now this is obviously the old Theatretrick and a despicable one at that. Chat- terton is lauded to the skies as " the mostsuccessful theatrical manager of the presentday " and a portrait of him is given. Sal- vini, Ellen Terry, Helen Faucit, Mrs. Sterling,Boucicault, Mrs. Keeley, all have their por- traits here or eulogies, or both silenceabout Irving.It is a curiously interesting little bookfor many reasons, whoever prepared it. JohnDiprose is unknown even to the authorsof " The Dictionary of the Drama ", " EnglishTheatrical Literature ", and " The ConciseDictionary of National Biography ". Mr. H.M. Walbrook does not mention him in hisexcellent " Playgoer's Wanderings " andeven Mr. Chance Newton hasn't a word tosay about him. Who was he, this Dip- rose? Chatterton's fag, presumably.Chatterton was lessee of two other thea- tres besides Drury Lane, ...of the Adelphiand of the Princess's Theatre. And it wasfor the latter theatre that Chatterton engagedPhelps at £6O a week ...a very big sumin those days ...and tried to boom him andwith him Fechter in Shakespeare.Chatterton was the acting manager forDillon the actor the same Charles Dillonwho pretended not to know Irving in 1875when Irving was playing Hamlet for the twohundredth time. A story told by ChanceNewton about this meeting is illuminating.We seem to collect one more of the gang,Dillon, Chatterton, and who else ? WHY do we concern ourselves at all withall this today ? because the samesort of thing is going on now, this samedenial by silence of the artists of most va- lue, and the exaggerated adulation of self- seeking men not worth twopence to theTheatre or to England, the pushing of foreign goods, while the best work of thebest men in all branches of stage work isousted from the Theatres of their own land.It is an old profession, the Theatrical onebut that is not sufficient reason to justify it fordeveloping its passion for meanness and forits deft and deadly use of " the silent lie . PANDORA'S BOX X. Y. Z. (') MISS Farjeon has a verse for every letterof the alphabet and all the verses areabout those nice mechanical toys Wireless,Microphones, Jazz, Cinema, ...not that Cinemais mentioned, but who thinking of the Wirelesscould forget the Cinema ?Miss Farjeon, with all a woman's tact,almost succeeds in making us feel that shecares about what she is saying: makes usthink for a moment she is fond of her subject,interested in the tarradiddles she lets drop soneatly and takes them for truth. She almostcovers up every trace of insincerity.What is Cinema what Listening in Radio Talkies and the rest ? They arethose things which Pandora always lets escapefrom a box every time she is curious aboutwhat is in it.When from that store-house the secret ofmoving photography was stolen out camea second swarm.When the secret of telegraphing fromEurope to America without wires was filchedfrom the Gods, out swarmed a hundred illsin the wake of the thing.And the thieves, clever as they are, arenot quick enough over their robbery; whenthey collared the secret of the microphone out poured more pests.It is no new trouble —it is as old aslonging. Mankind seems to benefit by thesediscoveries, but mankind is really being tortured. These Cinemas, Talkies, Radios andthe rest are all toys ; nuisances or great funaccording to your mood, they were no morecontrollable than will be like hordes of newtoys ; a gallant attempt will be made to keepthem in order a good face will be putupon the matter for the sake of the bigsecrets stolen these countless little lies will beendured.But anyone who stops to think about thematter will question very seriously whether itis not time to pass some few universal lawsforbidding under pain of death any furtherorganized larceny.For the final theft is destined to dest-oythe earth and you are all of the Silly-assBrigade and double-dyed plunderers. Youscowl, you gape at me. Mais oui. alors.Every day this simple little truth can betested and found (unfortunately) to be true.You go to the beehive with a spoon, you five- year-old, and you put your hand in to getsome honey, and then..,. You go when youare six years old and ever so much wisernow, to walk on the frozen lake and inyou go. You go at seven years old entirelyexperienced at last and crawl up a ladderinto a tree and the ladder then falls. Yougo at eight .... is it necessary to tell over thethousand mischances which the perfectlyconfident and thoroughly able child, man,woman and old person must encounter, hasencountered, without adding to these andmaking them two thousand ?But you ask " Who would be withoutthe Wireless? ... look how it saved three menlast week ".Who would deny that; and look how itdestroyed three thousand in the same week." But seriously, its value is immense.... "Oh yes, to admit that is easy ; my question ismerely how can you secure wireless keepit from the babies use it to save andprevent it assisting towards our extermination.Electric light is a discovery I am gratefulfor, and it has helped us all; but the know- ledge gained when the secrets of electricitywere stolen from nature has not always beenturned to good has more often been turnedto ill.You and I are serious scientists, let ussay: tomorrow we discover how to controlthe sun: while at work some members ofthe Silly-ass Brigade come sneaking around : as we cannot keep the whole secret to our- selves they discover little bits of it in thewaste-paper basket: they piece these together,make some kind of sense out of it, go crazywith joy, rush out and sell the fragments and the earth blows up.It's these fools who must be stopped fromtrading in the fringes of profound secrets.But can you prevent them?Could Pandora prevent the escape of thetroubles which afflict the world to this day ?But what you can prevent is the stealing ofthe big secrets of Nature.It was primarily the fault of the Poets :they imagined too much. Simple souls, theynever supposed that the Silly-ass Brigadewould attempt to realize what they haddreamed ...and organize !... even organize t6do it.For they knew this that no dream canever be realized and no real thing is like adream. You can take your choice, dreamor reality or both apart, but you cannot carryout a dream and your reality cannot be asyou would dream it.So that this Cinema which fondly believesbelieves hard that it is an ideal cometrue, is utterly deceived.Of the trade 1 know nothing ; like everyother trade it is to be supposed that theright men have hold of it. Tradesmen whodon't deceive themselves that they are poets,or artists, are always sound .... they do notbelong to the Brigade above referred to.So that these three books by Doletti,Jackson and Herring will be of use, whereas" Heraclitus " by Mr. Betts will let everyonedown." They told me Heraclitus, they told meyou were dead ". Poor Mr. Betts is worsethan dead ; he is thoroughly deceived.Betts writes of " the future of Films " ;the future!!! He refers to " films whichare works of art". Mr. Betts, once he isthoroughly self-fooled, is quite sincere; letthat be realized ; and after all, Mr. Betts isas much at liberty to destroy himself inwhatever way he thinks most enjoyable.Mr. Betts writes so well on art that Iwould have him turn his thoughts to an artand write on that. To architecture or tomusic, or any one of the minor arts. He isdelightful when he goes for the fatuousendeavour of the commercial man to turn out something that's good: but it is being delightfulwhile Rome is within five minutes of burstinginto flames: he is heart-rending when hewrites down that " the theatre and the cinemahas each its own excellence and appeal " :each its own idiocy is what we have torealize, Mr. Betts, and that idiocy deliriouslyrampant.I think 1 see Mr. Betts' hope hisargument one could not fail to attend to but his hope is the most forlorn hope everplayed on one string.His little book of 96 interesting andamusing pages should be added to yourlibrary : no study of this appalling catastropheis complete unless you fill in an hour of theinterim with " Heraclitus ". After that, inyou go to the lethal chamber and get it over.The book is one of the series " Todayand Tomorrow " and is bound in black. HERA CLITUS or The Future of Films hy Ernest Betts.Kegan Paul. Price 2{6.WRITING FOR THE SCREEN by Arrar Jackson. A. &amp;C. Black Ltd. Price 51-.FILMS OF THE YEAR, 1927-1928 by Robert Herring.The Studio. Price 5/-.CINEMA TOGRAFO by Mimo Doletti. Bologna. Price9 lire.THE ABC OF THE BBC by Eleanor Farjeon. Collins.Price not given. FINE FEATHERS. A. C. THERE is an increase of fine editions thesedays which as often as not issue, notfrom a printer-publisher, not even from apublishing house, but from some privateindividual who gets a goodish printer toprint him, say, 150 copies of a book whichhe sells.He is a distributor, not a publisher.This distributor then turns to anotherbook, and, sending it to another printer, has250 copies of that printed. These he sellsand starts on book three.All these books are very much of amuchness.I don t like the idea; I am prejudicedagainst it unreasonably.And this is one of the reasons why Ido like the fine editions which Mr. PeterDavies issues from 30 Henrietta Street,Covent Garden.There is an especial favourite of mine,Voltaire's " Letters concerning the EnglishNation . Paper, type, size, weight and allare perfect. It costs fifteen shillings whichis a little expensive, and only 750 copies were printed and that seems to me too fewor too many. But I like the volume as apiece of book making so well that I couldgive you reason after reason for its excellence.If Mr. Davies has prepared many suchvolumes, and if he keeps up to this standardfor long, he will establish himself in a veryfirm position.At least so one supposes. One knowsthat it entails every conceivable hardship todo anything well. But some one must setan example in this matter so that a newsaying about fine feathers become the fashion. A STAGE SCENE C. THE Scene given in our Frontispiece is re- produced by the courteous permission ofMartin Hardie Esq. from the Collection ojthe Victoria and Albert , London. /\T first glance this scene seems to have little* distinctive about it as a construction :ithas nothing very distinctive but appears to bethe usual Italian dodge of the Bibiena familyfor making a Sala grande on the stage.But on looking more curiously at the workand enquiring about the designer, AngeloCarboni, one finds that the nine small dia- grams showing the side wings are somewhatunusual, for those marked B and H show adistinct cut, a perspective slant, whereas wehad always believed that these perspectiveswere merely painted.Now we are led to suppose that wingsB and H were placed, not at right angles withthe footlights, but slantingly up stage.As for the designer, enquiry led to noclue as to his birthplace, his masters or otherwork that he had done. He is of the school of the Bibiena and Galiari families. MISUNDERSTANDINGSOME NOTES ON AN ESSAYON GORDON CRAIG. D. N. L. MR. A. Hyatt Mayor has spent a gooddeal of time over his essay on GordonCraig in " Hound and Horn," a HarvardMiscellany. I think, however, that in aboutfifteen years from now he will regret that hedid not spend a little longer: for he is mis- taken. He does not know Gordon Craigin the least: and yet his article is clever oneof the cleverest that has been written for along time.Like many another writer in this numberof " Hound and Horn ", Mr. A. HyattMayor seems to have studied under T. S.Eliot: they quote him, they review him, andthey advertise his Quarterly which is all tothe good, but its a good long distance fromCraig. If Mr. Mayor had not stopped thereto look through the field - glasses lent him byMr. Eliot, he would have seen more.To begin with, he tells us that Craigbelongs to the generation of the MoscowTheatre, of Duse, of Isadora Duncan, as- serting that this is the Theatre which is theimmediate predecessor of our Theatre ofto-day.Now it is perfectly obvious to anybodywho will look a little closer at Craig andlook through his own eyes, instead of throughfield-glasses at some dummy on a far-off hill- side, that Gordon Craig belongs to theTheatre of the future, until that day when,having his own theatre for a spell of at leastten to fifteen years, he shall be able to demon- strate that he belongs to the generation 1930-1945. But even then it is unlikely you willbe able to confine him to these days, because1 believe it is again obvious that he hasprojected a Theatre of the future I will notagain say the Theatre lest it annoy the un- generous. As for the Theatre of to-day, towhich Mr. Mayor refers what is that, pray ?Mr. Mayor does not tell us, and so wecannot know what is in his mind.While this graduate of Princeton, whohas been a master at Vassar and is nowliving in New York City, admits that " Gor- don Craig's ideas are widely accepted," hecannot " determine just what those ideas are"—which is rather extraordinary in a graduate of Princeton and a master of Vassar settingout to pass judgment on these ideas. Butthere is something so pleasant about hisattempt to confuse his readers, something socharming in the way he tries to make themonce more misunderstand what is obviouslyso simple to follow, that anyone seriouslyinterested in the Theatre of the future oreven in any Theatre of the future shouldwithout delay secure No. 3 of volume 2 of" Hound and Horn." It costs but 50 cents,and is a nicely-printed magazine of more than125 pages.Mr. Mayor is agreable enough to say thatthis article " misrepresents Craig by not con- cerning itself with his destructive criticism "and of course that clearly points to whattroubles Mr. Mayor. It troubles him thatCraig prefers to wait to construct his owntheatre before the eyes and for the ears ofthe world, rather than pessimistically throwup the sponge and say, " Damn it all, there sno more time left let me turn jerry - builderand hurriedly rig it up in a book of constructivecriticism. In order to do that, he had onlyto enlist Mr. Mayor in his service ; to askhim to come and show him how you dowrite a nice piece of constructive criticismwhich is not worth a damn. Not wortha practical damn, because no theatre hasever yet been created by constructing themost perfect critical work, and no theatreever will be so created. Is there anyonewho could suppose for a moment that if thiscould have been done, it would not havebeen done long ago ? The Greek theatrewas not so constructed, the Japanese Notheatre was not so constructed and the Eli- zabethan stage was not constructed in thatway. There would seem to be only oneway of creating a theatre, and that is, on astage.It is plain to many people that what Craighas done has been to fill in the most appallingstage wait that any stage man can experience,and to fill it in so that he entertained thepeople in front, and those in the wings. Hehas, through defects or through qualities,probably through both, refused to do hiswork under the conditions which theatricalmanagers would impose upon him: yet hehas positively kept alive and kept his flagflying mast-high even after being twenty yearsout of his element. His element is the stage not necessarily the stage that Mr. Mayormay have in mind or the stages which youand I have in mind, but the stage since theyear One, the genuine stage at its best.And here we come to a very importantpoint: he trained on a stage that of its kindwas the very best and he is blood and boneof the stage. Mr. Mayor, had he evervisited the Lyceum theatre in London, wouldknow what I mean: and Craig advancedfrom that theatre, forwards. That was hisstarting-point, and it is a point which theatresof to-day have hardly reached; yet it wasdistinctly theatre, though the best part of ithad but little to do with the written play,and he had witnessed scenes played therewhich were every scrap as wonderful examplesof acting —of improvised acting —as anythe 18th century in Venice could show.Yet Mr. Mayor says that England never atany time had so strong an improvised comedyas Venice had, and he seems surprised thatCraig should have stated that the writtenplay is of no deep value to the art of theTheatre. He considers that Craig is dreamingfantastically about these things. Let Mr.Mayor remember that Craig saw these things.This, then, is the fault of the master ofVassar's article: it fails to take into conside- ration the two facts first of his birth and thenof the powerful theatrical school in whichCraig studied. Members of Harvard Uni- versity, especially those who were under Pro- fessor Baker, will not under-estimate this last fact. COSTUME MAN with all his faults is a kind creatureat heart. Unfortunately the heart hasbeen in the past and would be for everdressing itself up. Even a world of undressedbodies would have muffled up their heartscalling it protection.Part through fear, part through fancy, comesthis treatment, and, having clothed the heart,the face is the next thing to undergo operation :.... after the face the form.Where are we then ? where are wenow ?It weighs down on man, it oppresses himtoday, this thought —he troubles about thetangled complication into which he hastwisted himself.His wife doesn't trouble: it doesn'tweigh her down ; it buoys her up, she is soplayful. She sees the folly that her goodman, her great man, her angel briefly hersilly fool has got the whole world intothrough his failure to control his vanity andhis fear and she will dress, drink and bemerry because of tomorrow,Today she still clothes herself in sillinessand gaudiness : whoop-la : her man puts ona black coat.Man has at last slowly come to a reali- zation of what it is he has done this iswhy he has taken to drink in the last sixtyyears or so. This dry business in Americais an unkind (cruel to be kind) pinch part of a hideously cruel plan devised byunsympathetic women to teach man his firstbig lesson. Thus had begins but worseremains behind, said Hamlet. I don't knowexactly what he meant nor did he know but he knows now. I see it by his face....and that black coat.You would think that I was expoundingthe theories which Mr. Hiler gives us,(1) but Iam not; I am only airing my own grievance.For I cannot think of any sound reasonwhy man should have transformed himselfinto a monkey such as one saw on barrelorgans in those days when Queen Victoriaand Louis Napoleon reigned in England andin France. This is the moment when Mr. Hiler,asking us to allow him, offers us his valuablebook with the whole thing made quite plainthat everyone is wrong and no one knows.Yet so infernally silly are we all that onhearing Mr. Hiler's revelation of the truthwe go off and cut out one more patch ofcloth and come back with it pinned onsaying " That's that and so much for youropinion, Mr. Hiler."Briefly we don't know, we won't listen,we will argue, and we are driving Mr. Hilercrazy. We have determined to break Mr.Hiler's heart.For he has devoted at least ten years ofhis life to telling us the truth, solving thistrifling question and so we determine to letHiler go hang.For we know what Mr. Hiler is : he is theunforgiveable thing he is an artist: and ifthere's a thing on earth we mistrust, hateand can not forgive, it is the artist, for weknow he won't hit back for he can't. Whileit is permitted, legal and all quite necessaryfor political leaders, our governors, to shootdown and punish by the extreme punishmentthose who would prevent good coming to themajority and would substitute evil for it, nosuch permission, law or need is found whenan artist wishes to bring good to the majority.Briefly what Hiler seems to be saying inhis book is this: Man dresses as he doesfor no known reason. Sex, climate, religion,commerce and so forth, these and more suchpowers move him, first here, then there, todress so and so, but no good reason has beenfound why he etcetera why he and so forth.The harmless necessary hat is not wornalways nor always is it one and the same hat.All sorts of hats were, have been and willbe .... A book of Hats would help.I love little Pussy her coat is so warm,but why don't she protect her dear little headwith a hat.My cat last month lost one of her lovelyeyes one of his eyes as a matter of factthough all cats are girls to the dark toignorance which will not be illumined everycat is surely a nice girl thing. A torn catis a fact, I know, but an inconceivable one.And I grieve that my dear little cat wentout last month one night and returned sosadly mutilated. Why didn't she wear somehead-gear, some helmet some hat. Not she : she is so brave she'd sooner lose an eyethan that anyone should think she feared, andso vain she'd hate that her rival should losea single flash of green so she came homehurt. Still her coat is so warm she hasher coat still, and mittens.This volume issued by Mr. Hiler is asit were the introduction to a big series ofvolumes on the costume of all the ages. Ihope those next volumes will be all picturesand little text, for that's what is needed.Ten volumes with 2000 designs in eachvolume and one volume to each century.This would then become the standardwork for it seems clear that Mr. Hiler isthe best informed of editors.Carl Kohler's book is after all a verysmall dish though its 464 pages for 18/-is a wonderful achievement of the publishersMessrs G. G. Harrap &amp; Co. (i) Messrs. A. &amp;C. Black have issued (2) " English Costume "by Dion C. Calthrop with four full pageillustrations in colour, thirty-three pages ofblack and white plates, lots of thumb nailsketches. But the prospectus in colour which1 received showed that the rugged strengthin English Costume, and its sharp-faceddelicacy, had been given a far too sweetprettiness by the interpreter. 12/6 is the priceof this volume. The Hiler book is classicthis is sweet. (0 FROM NUDITY TO RAIMENT by Hilaire Hiler, withan Introduction by Sisley Huddleston. Procurable from Foyles, CharingCross Rd. London, 25/- postage inland 9d. (DA HISTORY OF COSTUME by Carl Kohler. Editedand augmented by Emma von Sichart and translated by AlexanderK. Dallas M. A. : G. G. Harrap &amp; Co. Price 18/-.(2) ENGLISH COSTUME by Dion Clayton Calthrop. A. &amp;C. Black. Price 12/6. A BRIEF LIST OFMR. C. W. BEAUMONT'STHEATRE PUBLICATIONS. BEING A ONE-MAN CONTRIBUTION INWRITING, TRANSLATING AND PUBLISHING,FOR USE OF THEATRE STUDENTS. (1) DANCING.BIBLIOGRAPHY.A Bibliography of Dancing.BIOGRAPHY.Enrico Cecchetti: A Memoir .(2)IMPRESSIONS OFBALLET.1. Cleopatra.2. The Good-Humoured Ladies.3. Le Carnaval.4. Scheherazade.5. Petrouchka.6. La Boutique Fantasque.7. L' Oiseau de Feu.8. Children's Tales.9. The Three-Cornered Hat.10. Thamar.11. The Sleeping Princess. Part 1.12. The Sleeping Princess. Part 11.STUDIES.The Art or Lydia Lopokova.The Art of Lubov Tchernicheva.The Art of Stanislas Idzikowski.A Burmese Pive at Wembley.Serge Lifar.TECHNIQUE.A Manual of the Theory and Practice ofClassical Theatrical Dancing : (Methode Cecchetti) ; Written in collaboration with S.Idzikowski.TRANSLATIONS.Orchesography by Thoinot Arbeau.Vaslav Nijinsky by Francois de Meo- mandre.Letters on Dancing and Ballets by JeanGeorges Noverre. (in the press).The Dancing Master by P. Rameau. (inthe press).EDITIONS.Thamar Karsavina by Vaierien Svetlow.New and Curious School of TheatricalDancing by Gregorio Lambranzi.THEATRICAL HISTORY.The History of Harlequin.TRANSLA TION.Constantini(Angelo). The Birth, Lifeand Death of Scaramouch.TECHNICAL.EDITION.The Continental Method of Scene Pain- ting by Vladimir Polunin. (1) 75 Charing Cross Road, London.(2) Published, in Part, in " The Mask #\ Volume XIV, No. 4,December 1928. (1) The name should be spelt Costantini : it is the French whoin 1695 added the letter n. Editor. AN OPEN LETTER TOMR. ST. JOHN ERVINEFROM BARRETT H. CLARK. THE FOLLOWING WAS SENT TO SEVERALNEWSPAPERS, BUT AFTER A WEEK'SDELAY, HAS BEEN NEITHER PRINTED NORANSWERED. B. H. C. Barrett H. Clark. Briarclijf Manor. N. Y.March 10, 1929.MY dear Ervine,When you came to our shores as aguest critic 1 believed that you would bring withyou a fresh viewpoint and give us the benefitof your keen judgment, your honesty, yourhard-hitting and fearless style. I have readyour articles in The World with a sense ofincreasing disappointment, until I am no longerable to sit back and hold my tongue. Thatyou have praised inferior plays and damnedgood ones, that you have made mistakes oftaste and judgment and sometimes distortedfacts in order to turn a pretty phrase, wouldhardly cause me to address you in this fashion.There is something besides.If you were merely a high-priced perso- nality writer brought here to amuse readersat the breakfast table, I would not bothermy head about you ; but you are an artist, awriter of plays that command our respect andadmiration, and at one time you waged battleon behalf of the best standards that could beraised in the world of the theatre. You areyourself the product of an idealistic venturewhich first gave you a chance to try yourhand at playwriting, and for some years youvery ably directed the Abbey Theatre inDublin. Your first success in America wasachieved through the efforts of a small andenthusiastic group of penniless producers (whohave since become our Theatre Guild), whorecognized in John Ferguson a play of rarequality.A few days ago, in reviewing the openingperformance of Virgil Geddes' play,Earth Between, at the Provincetown Playhouse,you revealed yourself as a perfect intellectualsnob, a traitor to your ideals as I conceivethem, and an exceedingly cruel, unfair andunsportsmanlike criticS1) I don't object to your seeing little in Mr. Geddes' play ; it is yourright to knock it to pieces and then adviseMr. Geddes to get a job selling ribbons;though personally I find the play, in spite ofits faults, a beautiful if imperfect thing. Icharge you with gross unfairness for havingpermitted your own discomforts to put youinto a frame of mind at once bitter anddisdainful; with using up thirty-four lines ofyour review in complaining about the rainand the uncomfortable seats ; with makingstatements about the author that a glance atyour programme would have instantly belied ;above all, with the cantankerous attitude youadopt toward a group of disinterested pro- ducers and actors, and toward a new, youngand unknown writer, all of whom were evidentlyin earnest.Can't you realize, or have you forgotten,that the experimental theatres cannot furnishcomfortable seats ? Don't you know that theyhaven't the money to bring their troupes up- town ? I have no doubt that the managementof the Provincetewn Playhouse made everyeffort to prevent the rain, and I am crediblyinformed that on the other occasion of yourvisits to the Village theatres, the weathermen were appealed to in vain.I am not at all interested, my dear Ervine,in hearing the reiterated litanies of your per- sonal discomforts : your endless chants haveconvinced me only that you ought never togo to the theatre except when your mind isserene. What in the name of heaven has allthis to do with dramatic criticism ? Becauselate-comers fell over you in Macdouga! Streetmust you accuse Mr. Geddes, who was bornand brought up on a farm, of " reading aboutagriculturalists in Greenwich Village ?'Must you call the author " simple-minded,"and refer to all his characters as " mentallydeficient," " half-wits," and " semi-insane " ?If you had taken the trouble to inquire orlook at your programme you would have seenthat Mr. Geddes hasn't had much chance tolive in Greenwich Village, and that he hasbeen writing plays for less than three years.Do not imagine that I would ask you orany critic to be easy on a writer just becausehe is young : a play is to be judged on itsown merits (forgive me for saying this, but Ithink it well to make the point), and TheEarth Between is no better for being thework of a beginner. Where you have failed, and failed igno- miniously, is in bringing to bear all the powerof your position and influence to flout, ridiculeand insult an author, of unquestioned sincerityand no mean talent, and a group of playerswhose efforts entitle them to greater respectthan can be properly accorded to any othercompany of its kind in this country.You conclude your review with a gracefulcompliment by saing that there were momentswhen you " devoutly wished " that the theatrecould be restored to its " original purpose—as a stable. This may be consideredcourtesy and fair play by lovers of horses ;it is hardly criticism.1 don't know if you remember the time,some years ago, when you were given achance to see your own plays acted by semi- professionals. and doubtless you have forgottenthe two pleasant conferences you and I hadwhen we discussed new writers and newtheatres and what might be done to encouragethe younger men to write truthfully and pas- sionately about the world they knew ? Youwere poor then (as I still am), but there wasa gleam in your eye and a determinntion tocarry on the fight.This is why I address you thus publicly,with some anger but with more sorrow.Think it over, won't you ? Aren't you justa little ashamed ? But what would you. Mr. Clark ? one would expect " cruel, unfair and unsports- manlike " misrepresentationMr. George Bernard ShJ. (I) The italics are ours. J. S. "MYSTIFICATION"AND THE PROBLEM "TOO SIMPLEFOR WORDS" OF LORD ANDLADY BYRON. L. C. THE Byron affair, which stirred up keen partisanfeeling a century ago , still seems capable ofarousing it today, though a majority claims thatLady Byron was a greatly wronged woman, andthe critic of a popular weekly this booka final and triumphant " vindication of the lady,while a writer in one of London s best month- lies, after reading it, declares poor little Anna- bella " to be " the best intentioned, honestest,most simpleminded little innocent that ever threwherself away upon a cad ", ...a curious wordfor a leading literary journal to countenance re- specting such a man as Byron.Miss Colburn Mayne, who gives us this "Life",is well fitted for her task. She has already writ- ten a book. on Byron : she has had access to thefamily documents, and the cooperation in her workof Lady Lovelace : and, in writing of Miss An- nabella Milbanke, Lady Byron, she certainly veryproperly puts her best foot forward in her desireto present her heroine in a favourable light.We are we must be told of her mag- nanimity, her patience, her affection, her endu- rance, her silence under wrongs, her rectitude,her good deeds, even of her gaiety and her senseof humour ; yet this compound of all the excel- lences somehow leaves us feeling chilly, leavesus feeling, in spite of it all, evening is coming on.Why?... What Was at the root of it all ?Was it lack of love ? and yet we are assuredwe have to be that she loved Byron, washis, only, "to the last ". Was it some spiri- tual blindness ? Perhaps Mrs. Anna Jamesoncame nearest to divining it... she who loved LadyByron dearly, enjoyed such intimacy that theywere described as " almost one being ", and li- terally died of the final rupture, ...punishment forhaving been discovered to be more in the confi- dence of Ada than was her own mother. ForMrs. Jameson summed up her first impression ofLady Byron in one word : '' implacability ''.Miss Colburn Mayne herself admits " the harsh" unyielding temper which did underlie Anna- ' bella s tenderness, devotion, yearning for the" love of chosen fellow-beings " : and recogni- zes her conduct in many instances as showingthe lack of imaginative sympathy '' : and it wasthrough these qualities that, with all her excel- lences, she caused so much misery for others aswell as for herself, did such incalculable harm tothe man she claimed, and doubtless in all since- rity, to love.The whole story of their coming together andbrief married life is given here in detail, and one has to admit that, unfortunate as that marriageproved, Lady Byron herself brought it about.Byron had proposed to her and been refused.The matter was at an end. But Miss Milbanke,having refused the man around whom all thewomen were crazy, soon regretted her refusal,and then the problem arose as to how to get himback.The matter had, even at the time, been givenripe consideration by this precious old lady: she was never young. She had sought to cla- rify her feelings by writing down a " Characterof Lord Byron ", but evidently had, not clarifiedthem enough she was too grown-up. Havingrejected him, she wanted him back, and wassoon sending Lady Melbourne (What mustthat astute and witty lady's secret thoughts abouther niece have been?) ...a document tabulatingthe qualities she desired in a husband. Amongthese were " Consistent principles of Duty " ;"An equal tenor of affection towards me, notviolent attachment ". (Poor Annabella !) and soon and on through a list relating to feelings, for- tune, rank, appearance, manners : and finally " Iwould not enter into a family where there wasa strong tendency to insanity ".Clearly Miss Milbanke knew exactly what shewanted. Her head was all right. Perhaps thatwas what was the matter ...perhaps, all throughlife, while she was analysing and classifying andclarifying, she missed her moment, when at timesone spontaneous impulse or gesture of the heartwould have saved the situation ...one scrap ofyouth !Anyhow, having analysed the character of LordByron and enunciated her requirements in a hus- band, she did not clarify her feelings ...or herinstincts... enough to tell herself that Byron inthat role would never do. She wanted him, andso began ...if one may use so colloquial a phraseof so dignified and correct a lady, to whistle himback. Taking up her pen, she commenced hatamazing series of letters, with their lofty senti- ments, their long involved sentences and many- syllabled words, which were to recall Byron, andset him finally on his knees beside her on thathard cushion in the Milbanke drawingroom wherehe and she were presently to be made man andwife.Did any young girl in the world ever writejust so to the man she wanted as her lover !In her first, and lengthy, letter, we find suchpassages as these :" Early in our acquaintance, when I was far" from supposing myself preferred by you, I" studied your character. I felt for you, and I" often felt with you. You were, as I concei- " ved, in a a desolate situation, surrounded by" admirers who could not value you, and by friends" to whom you were not dear. You were ei- '' ther flattered or persecuted. How often have" I wished that the state of Society would have" allowed me to offer you my sentiments without"restraint!... My regard for your welfare did" not arise from blindness to vour errors ; I was" interested by the strength &amp; generosity of your" feelings, and I honoured you for that pure" sense of moral rectitude which could not be" perverted, though perhaps tried by the practice" of Vice... I intreat you to observe more con- " sistently the principles of unwearied benevo- " lence... I have lately had very little informa- " tion concerning you on which I could depend." On ill reports I never rely, for if I desire to"be a Christian, it is more especially in the" Charity which thinketh no evil "... (Poor An- nabella ! had she always practised the whichthinketh no evil '' how different her life had been).The letter is very long, and very immoral, asyou have already guessed. ,' Fortunately ", ob- serves her biographer, " she wrote a very clearhand ".Byron, surprisingly, seems to have liked andadmired the letter and its many successors, andthe correspondence flourished.Miss Milbanke laid down the lines upon whichit was to run. It was to be of a purely plato- nic and elevating nature, and, to safeguard herown dignity, she invented a hopeless attachmentfor another man ...selecting Hugh Montgomeryfor the purpose... and revealed this to Byron asa proof that their intercourse could never by anychance fall from its lofty elevation to the ordi- nary weaknesses of mankind.Thus did Miss Milbanke, to get her own way,skid off the strict paths of truth... and found itextremely inconvenient at a later date to have toconfess to Byron that the " attachment" hadbeen a fictitious one and that he was free to pro- pose a second time.The correspondence went on at great lengthon either side, till at last Byron had the folly tosee that his suspicions were correct his awfulsuspicions and that all Miss Milbanke wasreally saying in her endess pages of noble sen- timents and solicitude for his moral welfare was" I love you". Thereat he, falling, actuallyproposed again and was accepted, the marriagefollowing in due course.It was a fatal union, and it is not impossibleto understand why. The thing was horribleto last. Oh Miss Milbanke, unfortunate MissMilbanke !Of course one feels all through this " Life "that it's a pity that Lady Byron could not haveweighed and considered a little less, could nothave acted on the impulse of her heart more.Yes, - - one feels that because it's what eve- ryone feels. What one feels further than that isthe horrible sensuality of this lady, Miss Milbanke. That she put it over on to my little lord that was and is the mystery which surrounds thepair and which people pretend they cannot solve.And yet people write of this delightful yet ab- normal woman that " spite of all her virtues onecannot like her. " I should rather think not.The writer of this book tells us of the ago- nies she, loving him, suffered when she left By- ron and refused to see or communicate with him.One can well suppose it. Thank God that lovedid not laugh at lawyers and wise relations anddid not lead her to him to, as who might say,face the issue with him alone. We are toldthat to have, yielded to Byron's entreaties wouldonly have led to fresh miseries but miseriesis hardly the word. •The honeymoon is represented as a kind ofnightmare, yet we find in Mr. Murray's latestvolumes of Byron's letters that, during those sotragic days, he was writing the most normalletters to his friends as if everything were asright as ram. Isn t it sweet ?He writes from Halnaby on the day after thewedding to Lady Melbourne : "You would thinkwe had been married these fifty years. Bell isfast asleep on a corner of the sopha " : and onJanuary 7th : " Bell and I go on extremely wellso far, without any other company than our ownselves as yet ". "1 got a wife and a cold onthe same day ".Then, on January 22nd., back in her home atSeaham, where Annabella is represented as retur- ning in a state of such tragic disillusionment fromher wedding tour : " Yesterday I came here some- " what anent my imperial will. But never mind," you know I am a very good-natured fel- " low, and the more easily governed because I" am not ashamed of being so : and so Bell has" her own way and no doubt means to keep it." 1 am scribbling in my dressing room and" Bell is in bed ".None of this sounds so very terrible unlessyou listen very carefully. So where was thetrouble ? It was not Augusta it was notMedora We shall never know, exactly, whatit was, for it was all too simple for words, asLord Byron wrote later.One of the reasons certainly was that, as herbiographer admits, Lady Byron was an " adeptat self-deception ", an adept in a ceaseless andbadly working mental activity : an adept, onemust also admit, in deceiving others, for howotherwise could even Miss Colburn Mayne befound using of her such phrases as " the sickand wounded deer , " the sick and woundeddeer was learning her lesson " ?Y ears later, in a letter to their daughter, LadyByron writes : "If the Mythic idea generallyentertained of your father affords you satisfac- " tion, do not forget, dearest Ada, how much "of it is owing to my own line of conduct." The partisans of Byron amongst whom you" have lately been living, consider me as having" taken a hostile position towards him. You" must not be infected with an error resultingfrom their ignorance &amp; his mystification. I was" his best friend, not only in feeling but in fact," after the Separation, &amp; saved him from invol- " ving himself in what would have injured his" private character &amp; reputation still further. The" proofs &amp; witnesses are in existenceYes, Lady Byron was always sure to the endthat she loved him: sure that she had beenhis best friend '' ; sure that he did not wanther, ...he who had written " 1 did do andever shall love you '' ; sure always that she wasin the right, and, though she crucified herself...and him also ...in doing it, must hold to herown sense of right, retain her " implacabilityat all costs. Terrible double self-deception •Mrs. Jameson's niece, Geraldme Macpherson,called Lady Byron the " Sphinx Woman . ForByron she had been first his " Bell ", his " Pip~pin to become later his " moral Chtemnestra .Lady Wentworth records : "my mother saidLady Byron was the sweetest gentlest person sheever knew, and Very amusing. " Robertson ofBrighton called her "superhuman ". Amongthem all, what are we to think ? She is credi- ted with endless good deeds ; she is said to havepossessed innumerable virtues : folk believed thatwith some ordinary man she might have been ahappy and devoted wife : her biographer evenwrites, of her later friendship with the Rev. Fre- derick Robertson of Brighton, "Had Robertson" been free, had their ages been less disparate," this was the one other man she could haveloved ; and he could have loved her. But the" gods saw it otherwise ; she was to be Byron's1' to the last''.A wonderful pack of notions.It was an ill-fated impulse of Miss AnnabellaMilbanke, when she took up her pen on thatday in 1813 to incite Byron to reform and virtue(and " to secrecy as to this communication andits contents "!) She asked her boon her" own harm ", and the " wise powers " unkindlygave it to her. Poor girl but what a terror !Still, she paid for it all with suffering to herdying day and others had to pay too.And all because the times were out of jointand she a very abnormal woman a cloud byday and a pillar of fire by night.The awful suffering of that cloud by day try and conceive it. No ! I pity Lord Byron notat all. I pity Lady Byron entirely. I oncehated her but I couldn't understand her. Nowthat I do it seems just one more hideous kickof mother nature which cripples without killing. THE LONDON THEATREAS. SEEN BY AN AMERICAN D. Nevile Lees. (1) MRS. Flanagan is the Director of an Experi- mental Theatre at Vassar College, and re- cently spent a year abroad, as a fellow of theGuggenheim Foundation, in exploring the thea- tres of Europe, studying the'history, problemsand technique of the stage in different countries,and meeting some of the leading figures and per- sonalities of the theatre world.In her Prologue she announces that the cur- tain rises on an impressionistic drama of the Eu- ropean theatre '', her dramatis personae being" certain brilliant personalities who are creatingthat theatre *', and the list of them includesgreat, and less great, workers in the theatre alongall lines : artists, producers, directors, actors,playwrights, critics.Gordon Craig, of whom she writes a chapterof fifteen pages, she met in Copenhagen wherehe had gone on the invitation of the Poulsenbrothers to cooperate with them in their perfor- mance of Ibsen's " Pretenders ". Stanislavskyshe found at work in his Moscow theatre : KarelCapek in Prague ; Lady Gregory at Coole Park ;Pirandello in Rome, and many others here orthere: she saw a puppet theatre in Pragueand the Stenterello theatre in Florence ; heardold Venetian plays in Venice, and visited theArts Theatre in Riga under the direction of J.Muncis, and a play given by villagers in a vil- lage near Moscow, and so on, north and south,east and west.Of London she has little to say save that*' apparently the audience does not mind that thetheatre in London is dead " " Curious to seerows and rows of people politely applauding adead thing ". She finds "The theatre is deadbecause there is no wonder in it and no belief .Her impression was that " the London plays aresymptomatic of a great national weariness" Strangeness has gone from the theatre, and" with it reality. No bells ring in the lines of the" dramatist, nor in the soul of the beholderShe found the English actors condemned to '' beingperpetually charming, well-bred and dull in anendless succession of drawing-rooms . TheOld Vic Shakespearean productions, " robust andhonest as they are, left me with a vague senseof disappointment", and, both there and at theStratford Theatre, she sensed " the lack of themadness mentioned in the Phaedrus ".Well, she reveals in her year's dramatic diarythat she got plenty of pointers as to why theLondon stage is so dead as it is ; why our Bri- tish Isles are so behind the other lands of Eu- rope. One was when she heard Frank Fay,whom she asked " whether he thinks GordonCraig's plan for pillars and screens might not beunobtrusive yet atmospheric", reply: "Screens" are silly, except, of course in such a play asThe School for Scandal.Curtains I hate —" no chance to make a proper entrance or exit." There's a great deal of nonsense about the" theatre written nowadays." I just read a very silly book by Constantine"Stanislavsky all about his " in Art"." The book is tosh. It doesn't get you anywhere." It doesn't show you how. There's more common" sense in old Joe Jefferson's Autobiography" than in fifty such books. Jefferson knew thatacting is the art of getting an effect. He shows" you how to turn the trick ".And another pointer towards the explanationwas this : she found the most eager and intelli- gent men of other lands working their ownlands, — Russians in Russia, Germans in Ger- many, Italians in Italy, Latvians in Latvia, Swedesin Sweden ; but she found Gordon Craig, thegreatest figure of the English theatre, at work,not in London but in Copenhagen.Put two and two together, Mrs. Flanagan, andyou will understand why the English theatre isthe dead thing it is. The minds of too manyof its actors are closed to all ideas or theoriesor practice which do not run along the tram linesto which they are accustomed ; the doors of theLondon theatres are closed against its great artists,its men of wide experience and valuable ideas.St. John Ervine told the author, " — as forknowing London, — there's only one way toknow any place. Go to the theatre ".Well, if that be so, then is the London thea- tre so cruel a give-away that surely a patrio- tic government would close every theatre in theland, that England, in the eyes of the world,should not be put to shame. (1) SHIFTING SCENES of the Modem European Theatreby Halite Flanagan. Coward McCann Inc. New York. PriceDollars 3.50. BOOK REVIEWS. EQUIPMENT FOR STAGEPRODUCTION by Arthur EdwinKrows. D. Appleton &amp; Co. NewYork and London, Price 5/- net. PART I.A BEGINNER'S POINT OF VIEW. h. c. DOOKS on this subject have appearedone after another since the middleof last century but none come up tothe originals for amusing reading andbrilliancy. This book has nothing newto say.What the beginner waits for is this;A cheap edition a shilling or six- pence with one chapter on makingmodel scenery, one chapter on thecarpentry of elementary things, withmeasured drawings reproduced, and aselect glossary of technical terms suchas braces, borders, flies, and so on.Now who's going to do it?... And with an Index ? PART 2.THE OTHER POINT OF VIEW. g. c. JT is only to the old pro that a book* like this can prove valuable. Itreminds him of what he knows sowell that he is in positive danger offorgetting it all.He long also despaired cheerfully ofever seeing a standard work writtenon this subject. How often he neededa book of reference alphabeticallyplanned telling him anyhow as muchabout his house the Theatre as a se- rious reference work for Doctors willtell them all that is needed about theHospital, the home of the doctors.The worst of it is that to producesuch a work we need the combinedbrains of a group of scholars andcraftsmen.Such a scholar as Dr. AllardyceNicoll, given sufficient funds to enlistthe services of the best thirty studentsand craftsmen in Europe, could producesuch a volume but in my opinionit would easily develope into a se- ries ...like the Dictionary of Music. It is certainly over-due, this work.There is no set of serious profes- sional workers, and I am thinking ofthe eight hundred best men, who standmore in need of some practical help,some education and some encourage- ment than do the theatrical workers,be they actors, students, producers,prompters, stage managers or crafts- men. 4If I want to refer to some bookwhich tells me how to make a raisedsolid, light and noiseless structure, overwhich Macbeth and his army canpass, I can discover it nowhere. Imay by searching through ten ortwelve books come across the way tomake a rostrum which is heavy andnoisy, but that is all and that is nouse to us in 1929.If I want to discover the final wordthat is to be said on how to paintthe face, I cannot find it unless Irefer to another eight or ten books,and even then I am at a loss how tomake my own paints. Buy them atthe dear old German firm is all 1 amtold to do.But while I appreciate the servicerendered to the stage by the greatfirms which manufacture grease paints,wigs, costumes and the rest, I think itis time that the craftsmen who workin theatres and who are not in thetrade should do their share of work should waken their slumbering powersand should experiment.How do that when hardly one ofthem can tell you how to make apaint that is good for the face andhow to put it on?The one and only Theatrical Pub- lishing house of 1877, which even tothis day supplies the profession with itsbooks, issued a book called 44 HOWTO MAKE UP ", 44 a practical guideto the art of making up " etc. written by44 Haresfoot and Rouge But in theopening lines of its Introduction we readas follows: 44 In placing this book before the44 public, the author wishes it to be44 understood that it has been written not44 so much with the idea of offering44 advice to Professionals as with that44 of instructing Amateurs ". Rather depressing, isn't it ? ENGLISH COMIC DRAM A 1700-1750,by F. W. Bateson. Oxford,Clarendon Press. Price 7/6 net. C. V. IV/|R. Bateson has written a model* ** critique. Into this " EnglishComic Drama (1700-1750) he haswoven character-studies, criticisms, anda glimpse of eighteenth century life, with grace and skill. As a book, itis amusing and brisk, scholarly andyet 4 alive and kicking ' ; as a criticism,it is sane and competent; and it isnot overburdened with footnotes. Ifthe introduction is rather vague, Mr.Bateson's lively studies of Gay and Cib- ber make ample amends. A temptingselection of extracts from plays anddramatic criticisms has been chosen.Some remarks by William Archer,from The Old Drama and the New,on the * material condition ' of perfor- mances in an eighteenth century theatreare discussed in the closing chapter.44The Elizabethan platform-stage", saysMr. Archer, 44 survived in the shape ofa large 4 apron ' jutting out into theauditorium beyond the curtain line, andactors, in order to be thoroughly wellheard and seen, habitually moved tothe front of this apron, relinquishingall attempt to live as it were withinthe picture . This is dreadful andit is surprising to find that Mr. Batesoncalls it reasonable. So much for thebook, but what of the English ComicDrama itself from 1700-1750 ?I will not ally myself to that groupof quite able nincompoops who, headedby Collier, backed up by Macaulay, andtrumpeted by Mr. Bernard Shaw, putout a tongue at the Restorationists.The propriety of those comic playsdon't matter a fig only the leafcounts and the leaf tells againstShaw, Macaulay, and Collier who canwear it and share it and stamp it withB but keep the damn nonsense fromBaby and me. For what is immoralin the plays is but one thing it isthe sly thieving on the part of theseEnglish Comic Dramatic authors fromthe French but still more from theItalian.Most of the plays came to Lon- don cribbed from Gherardi, Scala,Beolco, Ganassa, Grazzini, Moli£re; andthese too had stolen bits, parts, or thewhole from earlier men. And oncoming to London these bits done intoplays were successful : they were im- portant for their success alone : its im- portant for a play to succeed. Shake- speare would have been successfulin 1700-1750 but he was dead he would be successful today but heis dead. Let him appear in Londonin 1930 and everyone would want togo to see one of his great plays...and everyone would be touched, deligh- ted, and rave about them saying thatthey were far more wonderful thananything that Tchekov had ever done.Well then, since these little playsby Cibber, Steele, Centlivre, and theothers, had success while they were still fresh from the foreign markets,what does it matter whether they beremembered or no ? If recalled, givethem a brief round of applause ; butwhy more ? Don't hiss at them fromyour 4 moral * barracades which you'vethrown up across the excellent oldPiccadilly, and Adelphi.With Cibber's 44Love's Last Shift",acted at Drury Lane, 1695, compareGherardi's 44 Le Banqueroutier ", actedin Paris, 1687, and published in Am- sterdam before 1695 (I have a secondedition dated 1695). Note for exam- ple the passage quoted by Mr. Bate- son on pages 23-24, and compare thiswith the passage from Gherardi quotedin The Mask, Volume 111, pages 171-172.Its just one of the lazzi to fillin but its the same Italian ribbon...very frayed. There is very little ofGherardi in it but there's no Gib- ber.Shakespeare knows how to criblike a cracksman. Cibber and thesecomics of 1 700 didn't: they bungledit so why write so many booksabout them ? If it is to avoid writinganother about the sweet swan of Avon,I'm sympathetic. But these Restora- tion studies show a more positive love;its no mere distaste for something elsethat has driven the present age to fussaround the Restoration drama as itdoes.I ll allow Etherege as on the vergeof being a stunning fine thief and doingus all proud on it but Etheregealways had to be off to political workand playing the great gentleman in Hol- land or France, or where was it ?Anyhow, after a playlet or two, hewas too busy to do much more in thatline.Except for Etherege, I have nouse for any of them. Gay ? Gayand his 44 Beggar's Opera " ? Wellwe' ve had that and we know that itwas not Gay's opera that we liked buta pretty little giggle in the corner...with Playfair to tell us when to gigglein the right places.... that was our joy.But Gay's 4 opera ' had the swing in the 18th century. It had some forceonce. It wasn't pretty then —itwasn't A. A Milne, whose verse, sincenothing is prettier, we, who like prettythings, must admit to be the very posyof all modern prettiness it reducesone to a state of sobbing prettiness.What a pity that Mr. AlexanderPope never wrote his comedies then we should have had a ComicDrama, 1700-1750, worthy of ourIslands. PLAYWRITING FOR PROFIT,by Arthur Edwin Krows. Longman'sGreen and Co. Price 21/- net.HOW TO WRITE A PLAY,St. John Ervine. George Allen andUnwin. Price 5/-. h. c. " IVf EITHER I nor anyone else can* tell the reader how to write aplay ", Mr. Ervine says in his Pre- face. So this rules out Mr. Krowsas well ■— much to his disgust, onefeels. For not only does his book runto five hundred pages, but he proclaimsthat 44 this book has taken fifteen yearsof desultory writing". That is itsfault. It is a large subject, but it canbe treated too largely. Fifteen minutesclear thinking would have been morebeneficial. Or if, like a Japanese me- ditater, he had pondered for fifteenyears on his subject and had suddenlyattained complete understanding, hem'ght then have written a few inspi- red lines deftly. As it is he hascompletely stifled his idea. During thosefifteen years of desultory writing, threequarters of the work has died and lit- ters the path. The reader has to hackhis way through a pile of corpses to thechapter on Production, whence heshould have started with but an easyhundred pages to go. Here we at lastfind something which is important aboutthe theatre and plays are writtenfor the theatre... especially when one isPlaywriting for Profit.After merely hinting at the work- ing of the stage, Mr. Krows assumesthat the reader will write his playwell and he starts to encumber himwith advice as to how to place a playwhere, why, when but the timeis not ripe. No wonder that Mr. Krowsreceived offers to turn his book into acorrespondence course.The book has some interesting fac- similes and on its saffron cover are re- produced some tit-bits of praise fromAmerican reviewers, and I give praisefor the index.I turn with relief to Mr. St. JohnErvine, with his pleasant English andhis realisation of so much that Mr. Krowshas missed. He says quite frankly thathis title is merely catchpenny. Hecannot tell you how to write a play ;he can tell you how to wreck a play,or what is wrong with your play, forMr. Ervine is primarily a critic. Asan essay on dramatic criticism, allow- ing for Mr. Ervine's limited out-look,you may find the book worth the mo- ney, even if the title has duped you.In so far as both writers regardthe Writing of plays as 44 the thing ",rather than the performance, and the playwriter as a visitor to the stage ra- ther than one of the family, their pointof view is limited and their books are out of date already. ISADORA DUNCAN' RUSSIANDAYS by IRMA DUNCAN andALAN ROSS MACDOUGALL.Victor Gollancz Ltd. Price 15/- net. F. M. Florian. J HIS is a touching book of remem- •*' brance by the most faithful pupilany man or woman could wish to have,assisted by as faithful a secretary, forMr. MacDougall was secretary toIsadora Duncan for many a day.It tells something interesting to himwho may chance to have known MissDuncan. It once more bears testimonyto her intense distrust and even hatredfor organization. In the future, a stran- ger, eager to understand why she didas she did, will be able to explain tohimself if not to the world thereason for her seeming egoism, her ap- parent lack of discipline, her supposedhabit of terminating friendships, provi- ded he bears in mind her contempt fororganization. He will have to tracethis hatred for organization to the rightsource before he will arrive at the rea- son behind most of her acts. Thereason Will be found to be quite unrea- sonable, and Isadora Duncan will thencease to be a mystery, without anyonebeing able to explain her.Yes, I doubt whether anybody willever discover the secret, and so her,name will become even more of a le- gend than it is already. They willerect statues, to her, and more statuesto her; and these monuments, unlesssomething happens to stop the tendency,will all by then have something sor- rowful and tragic in them... all veryunlike her. Round her is growing agrave legend thoughts associatedwith death and tears linger where hername is spoken which of all thingsis the most ridiculous, since this sadfigure was but a dummy put up and put up by herself to draw thefire of the enemy. On one statue Iwould like to see the words, 44 Shefooled them to the top of her bent "and under the words, in bas-relief,a copy of her book.I once met Miss Duncan it wasin a train, going to Zurich, and Ihad one of the most interesting con- versations with her that I have hadwith anyone I have ever met* I hadbeen in Paris interviewing PresidentWilson, Mr. Lloyd George, and Cle- menceau, and was going to meet a farmore extraordinary man than any of these,...the then unknown Signor Mussolini, Miss Duncan never hesitated intalk, gesture, or idea, as many girls doand Miss Duncan, you will recall,wa3 always a girl essentially youngand, to use a poor word, 44 idealistic ".It is as though I had called LordReading, 4 4 always a boy " and 44 upin the air * but so he was —sohe is.I listened to this girl then, not asI would listen to a worldly woman this girl whose speech never halted who seldom blushed yet who was allgirl who skipped woman, as it were,and became something more: Ilistened and I heard her utter thingswhich the world calls mad.Some things she said made me aliveto her hatred for organization althoughshe was full of schemes which includeda considerable amount of organizationbut I perceived she hated it.Everything she said after this tookon the most original complexion. Herunconcern that her school had recentlybeen scattered to the four winds an indifference which flowed like adeep undertide, even while she bewail- ed her loss. She bewailed in uncon- vincing tones she was not born tobewail she was only born for joyand the joy in her was evident tome. She told me grievous things I could not grieve with her for underall was Joy.I began to realise I say thatshe it was who broke up her schoolso often; she who prevented Americagiving her a million to establish a schoolthere, and that she knew what she wasdoing when she broke things up she was saving the thing she treasuredmore than the world.As compensation she gave to theworld some performances. Of one ofthese she wrote (but not in a book),44 the Lady what dances, danced all44 over the place.... the yellow dog and44 the gas man liked it and so appa- -44 rently did all the Kings and the44 Queens in the audience it was full44 of Imperial Loges and Kings and44 things like that the lady what dan- -44 ces was in an awful rage and dan- -44 ced horrid at all the people then44 she went to the dressing room and44 fought with the other lady ".Besides performances she gave theworld a book memoirs and hereagain she knew what she was doingand gave it nothing threw dust inits eyes and it has felt really flattered.That is why I call the Miss Duncanwho is known to the world, her dummy.Ihe real being will neyer be known- as for the girl,... who knows } ISADORA DUNCAN; Twenty-fourStudiesby Arnold Genthe; witha Foreword by Max Eastman.Mitchell Kennerley. New York 1929.Price not given. l. l. jV/fR. Mitchell Kennerley has pro- duced a good plain book ofremarkable photographs by Mr. ArnoldGenthe twenty-four studies of Isa- dora Duncan, nine of which I recog- nize. In a brief but able ForewordMr. Max Eastman claims her as anAmerican.Surely when all's said and doneshe was without nationality.Until nations jealously protect andsupport their artists, artists can haveno nation they then belong to theworld.It will not do for a nation to treatwith indifference any artist they wishat death to claim as their child.Isadora Duncan was treated shame- fully by America, and America nolonger has a shred of claim on her.But this book ... a tribute to hergenius by Genthe .... is really well worth getting. FOUR PLAYS. 1. MARIA MARTIN, or theMurder in the Red Barn.2. SWEENEY TODD, the DemonBarber of Fleet Street. QeorgeDibdin Pitt. Qerald Howe. " Barn- stormer Plays " Series. Price2/6 each.3. THE WAY TO KEEP HIM,Arthur Murphy. Oxford Univer- sity Press. Price I /-.4. THE SERVANT OF TWOMASTERS, Carlo Goldoni. Cam- bridge University Press. Price 3/6. A S plays, Goldoni's is the best all** round, ...best for acting and bestwritten; but it*s in translation, andtranslation is what it's always beenheld to be treason.As plays for an English audiencethe Barnstormer Plays, " SweeneyTodd " and 44 Maria Martin " arebest for it's English stuff, notwell written not good for goodacting.I [Murphy's play would be not badif only we had a second Garrick togive it us and a sound repertoryTheatre in which to make the presen- tation.If the Oxford University Press book(No. 3) costing 1/- can be made tocover expenses, ought not the Cam- bridge University Press to have issuedtheir book (No. 4) for less than 3/6? The paper is a little better, in sizeit's rather larger, but one shillingshould be the price for each of thesefour books. AMATEUR ANDPROFESSIONAL HARLEQUINADE; The Story ofMy Life. Constance Collier. TheBodley Head. Price 15/-SYBIL THORNDIKE by RussellThorndike. Thornton Butterworth price21/- net. n. l. HERE are two books about twoEnglish actresses, the one writtenby herself, the other by her brother.Both have made a conspicuous po- sition for themselves, in England andfurther afield ; both have worked hard ;both have been prompted by a keenlove for the theatre, and have given itof their best.But they came from entirely diffe- rent worlds and environments, and thisis one of the most salient points ofdisparity which strikes the reader incomparing the two.Sybil Thorndike came of thatwell-established English class which ismade up of the highly placed andconspicuous dignitaries of the armyand the church. She had an assu- red and dignified background, and, hertastes turning early to the theatre, everyassistance along the perfectly conven- tional lines of the carefully-protecteddramatic student, with an affectionateand provident family in the background.She early entered Ben Greet'scompany and toured America, andmoved onwards progressively, in lateryears with the cooperation of her hus- band, Lewis Casson, towards an ever- extending popularity.Constance Collier, born fouryears earlier, was, on the contrary,what the Italians call a " figliad'Arte . Her forbears were actorsand dancers and wardrobe mistresses;her father and mother were both play- ers, and, being almost always engagedseparately, in small roles in differenttravelling companies, were usually com- pelled to live apart.The little girl wandered aroundwith her mother, who played 44 secondboys and such-like parts in travellingpantomime companies, and knew allthe hardships of the third-rate strollingplayers, the wretched lodgings, thelong Sunday journeys, the irregular life,the abject poverty when gaps betweenengagements were long. She playedin the gutter before cheap lodging houses with the street children, and got noschooling save the few days a week inthe ever-varying round of towns wherethe company travelled, and a fewmonths in a tenth-rate boarding schoolwhere she was half-starved, and tor- mented as the child of play-actors.She tells of the long hungry walksacross London with her mother to thetheatrical agents in search of engage- ments, of their desperate straits as hercharming and courageous little mother,fading into middle age, could no lon- ger get work ; and of how she her- self, at fourteen years old, became thebread-winner and support of the fa- mily. Then of her good fortune twoor three years later in attaining, throughher beauty, to a position among thefavoured 44 Gaiety Girls ", and, after yeta few more years, her advance into HisMajesty s Theatre under the managementof Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree, andher incredible good fortune, as a stillyoung, unknown, actress, in being en- gaged for a leading part in StephenPhillips 44 Ulysses " ; followed, fromthen on, by success after success, inassociation with the leading figures ofthe London stage of that day.She has much that is affectionate,admiring, and genuinely interesting torelate of Beerbohm Tree, and also ofthose who surrounded him, ...painters,critics, playwrights and players; andat times, as in her account of DanLeno's midnight visit, when, the moon- light in the dark room revealing hiswhite distraught face, he poured outall his dream of becoming a greatShakespearean actor, she makes thescene very real for us, produces animpression both touching and tragic.Everyone who has known the Lon- don stage and the London personalitiesof the last thirty years or so will findmuch that is both interesting and enter- taining in these two books and, byjove, much that explains how it isthat the English theatre is so infernally dull, smug and contemptible. SEVEN MODERN COMEDIES,by Lord Dunsany. Putman's. Price7/- net.THE CROWNLICE ; THE INVISIBLE DUKE;THE SACRED CAT, by F. Sladen-Smith.Gowans and Gray. Price1/- each. a. v. HE Seven Modern Comedies couldhardly be performed satisfactorily.It would be difficult, if not impossible,to convey the qualities of Lord Dun- sany s highly individual writing andrestrained humour to a theatre audience, and if these passed almost unnoticed,little would remain of the plays. Eventhe reader, carried away at first bythe amusing naivete of The Journeyof the Soul and The Hopeless Pas- sion of Mr. Bunyan, finds placeswhere the polished surface of stylegives way and lets him go tumblingdown into the author's mind, at spotswhere, alas ! very little is to be found.One does not expect plays like HolyRussia from a writer of Lord Dunsa- ny's intelligence. They are a thingof the past by now. Poor old 1 che- khov ! Still there is much in the bookwhich is extremely amusing and anyonewho doesn't read it will be missingsomething.Although we are aware that as aform of criticism comparisons are ge- nerally to be avoided, yet when twosuch finished exponents of fantasy asLord Dunsany and Mr. Sladen-Smithboth produce a series of comedies atthe same time, we are almost forcedto compare their work. So here goes.Sladen-Smith shows a far morereal sense of the theatre than doesLord Dunsany. Though when readinghim much of his dialogue and hu- mour seem far from subtle, both wouldprobably come to life when spokenand acted on a stage. The plays arenot encumbered with any insistent lite- rary style and they have action. Ofthe three, The Invisible is themost ingenious. The Crown of St Fe- lice is an amusing little piece and is writ- ten with great spirit. Mr. Sladen-Smithknows how to design a plot and how to take his place in a theatre, THE EIGHTEEN-SEVENTIES.Essays by Fellows of the Royal Societyof Literature. Edited by HarleyGranville-Barker. Cambridge University Press. Price 12/6 d. p. jHESE are all charming essays -*• but here I must skip them all tocome to that by Sir Arthur Pinerowhose 44 Theatre in the Seventies "is perfect. Why the word 4 seventies 'should be repeated over and overagain as title to nine of the elevenessays the Editor best knows.Sir Arthur Pinero, once a memberof Henry Irving's Company of come- dians, at the Lyceum Theatre, knowshis subject: and so we are told autho- ritatively of Robertson and Byron (whydid this witty fellow lack wit abouthis name ?), of the Bancrofts and noone knew the delightful couple betterthan Sir Arthur : of W. S. Gilbertand of James Albery. Last of W. G. Wills ; and then he comes toHenry Irving—and to Ellen Terry too.Of these he says just what I wouldlike to have said, and that means hepleases me infinitely. When I firstsaw them acting I had been a scribblerin Fleet Street for at least eight to nineyears: and in eight or nine years there,unless one breaks away, one learns to saynothing: I always marvelled how Cle- ment Scott could say the things hedid in his critiques: but no one tomy knowledge was ever called Clementbefore or after, and that name had amagic in it in the seventies.The name of Irving was hardlyknown at the beginning of those tenyears, but by the end it was known.Sir Arthur refers to Irving as 44 thisextraordinary man" and quotes fromBurke when he comes to Ellen Terry.Mr. Barker also writes on the 1 heatre,on Tennyson, Swinburne and Meredithas would-be dramatists. He says somespirited things, but I always feel that Mr.Barker is self-conscious, aware ofcleverness observed or possessed,aware of defects observed, ratherthanking God he is not .... and so forth.I never can %et away from this inall Mr. Barker's work and I find ithere again. I feel that he is cleverand when I doubt it I hear eve- ryone else telling me that he is, reallyis, clever.That's all to the good but beyondthat ? yes, he is spiritual, but not inthe least theatric, though of course atrifle theatrical. He is even pontificalat times, and, do you know, I don'tlike that.What would Shakespeare have madeof him? what Moliere? what Byron?He is indeed fortunate to live andbelong to the times and in the circle of Bernard Shaw. GOETHE by Emil Ludwig. 2 Vo- lumes. Putnam's. Illustrated. Price£ 2.2.0 (2nd impression). HIS capacity for happiness wasnot dependant upon himself or he had been but a dull or a rabidmaterialist; was not dependant uponothers or he would have been a me- lancholy lunatic : .... it was not a bitterhappiness and it was very like the realthing.And yet he was Director of theCourt Theatre of Weimar.Dr. Luclwig considers him as moreof a level-headed mentor than an in- spiring influence before and behindthe curtain of that Theatre.He was for twenty-six years ma- nager of the Weimar stage and during that time, writes Dr. Ludwig, 44 thedramatist may be said to have proudlywithdrawn his best works from 'hemanager's eye, rather than that themanager was prudent enough to de- cline them," for Goethe the Dra- matist 44 stood haughtily aloof fromGoethe the Manager ".What a wise man and what ahappy one. To be a dramatist, tohave a theatre, and yet only to usethat theatre as a place wherein to enjoyhimself.How this explains the whole man.But such an attitude is so new, sowell-nigh incomprehensible to all modernmen and women that if they willread these two astonishing volumesthey will find themselves in the pre- sence of a man who will always bea hundred years or so ahead of theage.Goetne was a man who could enjoyall things, and this he taught himselfto do. Granted a nature rich enoughto be able to reject (see how herejected the stage) and granted a ca- pacity for adding each day, each mo- ment to the wealth of that nature,and you have a Goethe, a Byronand a hundred out of a million.Ever serious and courteous always gay, powerful yet sweet happy and an observer of finemanners ....what a lucky man, and whatgood luck for Germany to have himas a son. GOETHE AND FAUST: An In- terpretation; by E. M. Stawell andG. Lowes Dickenson. G. Bell &amp;Sons. Price Isj- net, is one of the few menwho knew how to live and, whatis more, could explain all about it.He knew how to work and how tolove, and that is something towardsknowing how to live.The authors of this book do notquite know how to interpret Goethe,but their translations of his 44 Faust "are very interesting, and many willget this volume so as to compare thenew versions with the old ones. THE CASE OF Mr. MOREL.Karen Branson. Philpot. Price 5/-. really exciting story for those** who like being excited.1 have read it once a year ago andnow am reading it again. I had for- gotten it. It s really exciting. THE LIFE OF SIR PETER PA ULRUBENS. Hon. M. A. Cantab, byAnthony Bertram. Peter Davies Ltd. j\/f R. Peter Davies is the fifth En- glish publisher to issue a bookon Rubens, and is to be severelycensured for not having put a clauseinto his contract with Mr. Bertram :44 index essential ".Rubens greatly admired the houses44 in the superb city of Genoa ', acity tourists pass by.Rubens had to press Her SereneHighness some serenity or other for money. Rubens is rather to bepitied the Serenity is to be ... re- cognized. Rubens had to advertisehis existence, his 44 excellence in hisart ", saying he 44 was much esteemedthroughout Europe can add 44 li- terary talent and knowledge of historyetc to his rare merits as a painter ',and begs for an engagement, or for thenotice of Philip fourth King of Spain.Rubens has to claim 44 half thesalary due to him " from some king,duke or prince I am not clear whichone a Gonzaga I think yes. itwas Gonzaga.Rubens in time grew wealthy. Hegathered around him a shoal of colla- borators, assistants and pupils andsimply turned out paintings by thehundred.Rubens did this after he discoveredthat wealthy lords and princes did notpay up. Bully for Rubens ; but col- lectors curse the day he did this.They shouidrA curse Rubens butmight guess again.Rubens was 44 very celebrated andeminent ".One Otto Sperling, a Dane, calledon him in Antwerp.44 We paid a visit to the very ce- -44 lebrated and eminent painter Rubens,44 whom we found at work, and, while44 he went on with his painting, listening45 to a reading trom Tacitus and dictatinga letter. We kept silent for fear of44 disturbing him; but he spoke to us,44 without stopping his work or the rea- -44 ding or the dictation, and answered our44 questions as if to give us proof of his44 powerful faculties. Then he ordered44 a servant to conduct us round his mag- -44 nihcent palace and show us his an-Ci t" "tiques .Rubens was hard in money matters,44 a blemish a banker would call avirtue " writes Mr. Bertram.Rubens was apt 44 to regard artmerely as work " 44 to measure hisgem us at so mucn the day ; to bowto tue 02tiers of interior men of supe- rior rank . He was prepared to furnish picturesat all prices from smali studio worksat fourteen florins eight sous to enor- mous pieces at three to four thousandflorins. Rubins is a bit like Shakes- peare, I'm thinking.Rubens unfortunately had genius:what was he to do with it ? die on it44 my dear doctor, that's the verylast thing I shall do sell it, myboy sell it .He arrived at this excellent pointof view some years after the princesand lords of wealth had failed to payhim his wages. He cut adrift opened a shop had all his assis- tants hard at work and sold by theweight or the height.Rubens is the best model any artistafter forty years of age* with little inhis pocket can take.Altogether a delightful book full of quiet fun and beautifullyprinted, as is the Peter Davies habit. THE MOONSTONE, Wilkie Col- lins. Oxford University Press. TheWorld's Classics Series. Price 2j- net. MR. T. S. Eliot in his Introductionsays 44 The Moonstone is first,the longest, and the best of modernEnglish detective stories"; but headds, 44 it is something more importantthan that; it is the best of all thenovels written by that man who amongthe novelists of the nineteenth centurywas in every way the most closelyassociated with Charles Dickens ".Even leaving Dickens out of it...thoughwho can forget the long friendship, thelong association between the two men,their mutual interest in drama and thestage.... 44 The Moonstone " is a finethrilling tale in which the interest andexcitement never flag, and all who havenot yet read it can count on somehours of enjoyment if they buy a copyof this new and handy edition fromthe Oxford University Press. THE BACK WAY; GEORGEPROPOSES; THE PROOF, byJames Lonsdale Hodson. Gowans andGray. 1/- each. a. v. THE PROOF has some pretensionsA to drama and is written with acertain amount of skill, but it wouldbe difficult to find two more puerilelittle plays than the other two. If theLeeds Dramatic Festival can find no- thing better than this sort of stuff forthe award of its first prizes, it wouldbe more beneficial to drama and moreencouraging to dramatists, not to award prizes at all. A LISI OF BOOKS ETC. TOSER VE AS AN INTRODUCTIONTO THE BIBLIOGRAPHY ANDMETHODS OF ENGLISH LITE- RARY HISTORY, by Torn PeteCross (Fourth Edition) University ofChicago Press. Price 75 cents.fcHil*—l»ll 11*11 I UUMmUIHIII HIIIHI Bill II II IB &gt;| 111 !■ nM WMlMllill HIIHI I nf|ilffrnwnfTiT"t|-ir JUST because by one touch it for- gets that it's a book of referencethis book is to be praised. That touchis that it's interleaved by white paperwhich renders it a proper book of re- ference.Why on earth there isn't a lawpassed insisting that all such booksshould be interleaved passes everyone'scomprehension since everyone wants it.But then we are only in the 1429 thyear of our development; by the timewe reach the year 1929, for example,then we shall have solved all the largerdifficulties which beset us and, thepounds once looked after, we can con- cern ourselves with the pence.That's the theory isn't it ? Well,none of us need worry for we shan'tsee 1929. IDOLS OF THE "HALLS" byH. Chance Newton ("Carados" ofthe "Referee") Heath Cranton.Price 12/6 net. Old Stager. PHIS old buffer this 'ere Chance,as we may call im —God, whatan old daisy he is to be sure.Mark you, I don't mean any dis- respect. I for one need not deflecton his memory : besides, has not mygood old pal and ever to be venee- red chief Oswald Stoll said of himthat 44 Age cannot wither, nor customstale his vision or his pen " : and afterthat I ask you who's saying anymore... or any less.No Sir!! H. Change Newton is in- deed to be compared with Cleopatrawhose infinite variety (though she ne- ver really went on the halls) 44 agecannot wither nor custom stale " (Sha- kespeare).Talking of that, did it ever strikeany of my readers that what Shake- speare wrote was not 44 age cannotwither " because that makes nonsense,but 44 the stage cannot wither ".But to this book.I do urge everyone who cares forwhat44 The Mask " has stood for duringtwenty years to buy this book. Forhere, in Mr. Chance Newton's hand,is written all the testimony we needto prove that all we've ever thought,feared and said about Butt, Stoli,Moss and the others is true?. And here, too, is the fact printedthat it was Mr. Chance Newton whoseopinion was listened to by Butt, Stolland Moss.There is a portrait of Stoll, ofwhom Mr. Chance Newton writes:"TVo man ever deserved k.nightkoodmore " But then Mr. Chance Newtonhas an astounding capacity almostamounting to second nature for mis- statement.For example, where he refers tothat dear old man, the late SignorEspinoza. He tells us that he 44 was formany years producer and stage directorfor everything spectacular presentedby the renowned actor-managers CharlesKean, Sir Henry Irving and Sir Her- bert Tree ".But get this book, you who inAmerica or in Europe are eager toknow of a book which utterly misrepre- sents all that's worth while in thetheatre, and which is ever incorrectabout the wretched and ridiculousthing calling itself 44 Theatre thelow-down money-governed brutality ofLondon Stages.Newton shows the whole thing upas no enemy to that sort of wretched- ness could do, and 1 treasure his book. MUSSOLINI, THE MAN OFDESTINY, Signor de Fiori. Dent,Price 6J- net. I 'HE search-light and the camera donot have it all their own way:they can be checked better than issupposed.The camera may catch an uglyglimpse of truth it will never catchthe truth itself : only art may translatethat. 44 No man has seen God andlived ", and no camera will be quitequick enough to do that and remainin working order.So while ail the snapshots of Mus- solini render to Demos the thingswhich are of Demos, God still keepshis own secrets.Man does after all, and with all hismachinery and understanding, and withdue respect be it said, dawdle in theuptake.This volume by Signor de Fioriis compact and gives you all yourequire : for six shillings you get avivid sketch of the most romantic, themost classic figure of these days.The picture is one of Caesar withouttoga, Napoleon without arrogance,and Cromwell with brilliance ad- ded.Mussolini what is he? you ask before you open the book; and afteryou've read it, ...what is he?It puzzles you to find so much ofthe Holy Ghost strong and bright inanyone for quite so long.Yet to the artist.. and many artistsread 44 The Mask " ...it must seemonly one more powerful manifestationof all they have loved since they firstbegan to plough their particular solitaryfurrows.All artists are not D'Annunzianartists ; some plough on unseen till thedusk neither caring for applause noraware of disapproval 4 simply andalways obedient * ...to quote a phraseof the Duce ; always modest as is theDace with his 44 we have accomplishednothing as yet ". I know a number ofthese artists in Italy.I wonder if the Duce knows of them...knows that this is so ?Only one thing do those artists withideas, big ideas, envy the Duce ; they envy him his right to punishthose cowardly and secret persons whowith impunity lie every idea out of itsexistence.There are some the artist wouldpunish severely and it is only bypunishing these assassins that ideas,good and noble ideas, can flourishunder a good government.Some protection given by such aman armed, like Mussolini, is neededby his Italian artists who face theirenemies unarmed.1 wonder if Mussolini realizes thistoo ! AN OUTLINE HISTORY OFTHE JAPANESE DRAMA by F.A. Lombard. George Allen. Price16/- net. DR LOMBARD has given us a valu- able book full of information thoughoften in manner of writing it seems alittle strange. Why, for instance, doeshe write that the 44 students of inter- national drama are turning more andmore to study of Japanese Drama " anda line further on say 44 its developmentdiffers from the evolution .Why omit the word the in the firstparagraph and put it in the second ?And why does he repeat 44 not onlythree times in twelve lines ? And why44 the inner urge to self expression44 the primal elements of the drama ,44 the essential oneness " and 44 interoperating influences " ? And 44 when refer- ring to the Buddhist priest's courtesy tohim " he writes 44 whose uniform kindnessis worthy of commentIt's stiffly written, but it contains a fund of valuable information, and forthis we must feel grateful to Dr.Lombard.That he seems to value Kahuki* thepeople's play, more than the No, theartist's play, is natural to one who ap- proves of 44 closer contact between au- dience and actor ". I know the moodand it's a good one when the age ischildish, nay 44 still finds us children...The author tells us much about Chi- kamatsu his and plays and their puppets;but there again its Kahuki he prefersto puppet stage, it being, he holds 44 limi- ted in possibilities ".It is an inveterate delusion, an incor- rigible error, this notion that because agrand art limits, defines with strict anddeadly limits in the path of the artist,it is less splendid than a lesser art whichdoesn't care.Dr Lombard for falling into this erroris not so much to be blamed ; I'd pre- fer he did so rather than that he witheldfrom us this able book : but studentsmust take care. Take care to realizethe wonders of Kahuki first : nothingtoo good can be said for it : but neverdeny that the No and its Puppets arethe most worth while. ENGLISH COMEDY by AshleyH. Thomdifae.The Macmillan Company. Neu) York- -1929. F\R THORNDIKE gives us a compactof over 600 pages, a com- panion to his book on Tragedy issuedtwenty years ago,As was to be expected, it is a learnedwork, and of course one alights on theone error at once ; it is the cursed luckof one who spots things now and again :Biancolelli and not Biancoletti (page314) is the name of the family of Italianactors of the 1 7th : and 18th : centuries.This said, one can but admire thisexcellent work, as erudite as it islightly handled. EDITORIAL NOTESJULY: AUGUST: SEPTEMBER A THEATRE MUSEUMo FOR VIENNA o VIENNA in the past was a citywherein the theatre once flourished,enjoying the sunshine of royal enthu- siasm. Artists were summoned fromItaly and other lands to develope? itand it vied with Paris as a centred ofculture.The National Library of Vienna,under the able direction of Dr. JosephGregor, has long had in its possessiona rich collection of works dealing withthe theatre, including large numbers ofworks on dramatic subjects which werebequeathed to it by the famous actorHugo Thimig. It also possesses manu- scripts, portraits, designs, records, al- manacks, and many other records ofincalculable value to students of theatrehistory, costume, and scenography, andall the other arts and crafts which comewithin the theatre worker's province.Reproductions of some of these havealready been issued in a series of splen- did portfolios under the title of t( Monu- menta Scenica " and include manyfinely coloured scenic and costume de- signs of the Bibienas and other artistswho found encouragement and oppor- tunity for their gifts at the VienneseImperial court.Till now, owing to lack of space, theexpansion and adequate arrangementand display of all these theatre trea- sures has been impossible in the Natio- nal Library ; but it has now been de- termined that a special theatre museumshall be arranged, the whole collectionbeing transferred to one of the unusedState Buildings and opened at an earlydate.The intention is that the exhibition,when arranged, should furnish a com- plete survey of the theatre, not of Viennaonly but of the world, as the collectioncovers a wide field, including, for ex- ample, some valuable Chinese log booksrecently acquired, in which theatrescenes are depicted ; also a rare modelot a peasant theatre built in three stages.Special rooms will be reserved forstudents, . . historians, actors, scenogra- phers and all who wish to avail them- selves of the opportunity which access to suchjsources affords, and many willcertainly be drawn to Vienna to profitby the study of this magnificent collec- tion of theatre works. REP RESEN TAT lONVERSUS REPRODUCTION WRITING in the - Daily Mail"of September 10th on "One-Part Actors ", Mr. Alan Parsons, whois always interesting in his point ofview, discusses what Sir Gerald duMaurier has defined as " casting aa dog for a dog " in relation to theselection of Mrs Bugler, a Dorsetshirefarmer's wife, to play the part at aLondon theatre of Tess of the d'Ur- bervilles.In explanation of the fact that thismethod seldom produces satisfactory re- sults, Mr. Parsons writes : " The reasonis that the business of the stage isto represent, rather than reproduce...to hold the mirror up to nature" and all the rest of it. And whenyou get one member of the cast" " reproducing " and all the rest hard44 at their natural job of "representing"" there is an ugly clash ".Which is true enough.But that " ugly clash " is so contin- ually and inevitably present in thetheatre, quite apart from the matter ofthe living figures who "represent" or" reproduce " the parts for which theyare cast.It occurs between the " represen- ting actor and the " reproducing "scenery; between the parts of thescenery which represent and thosewhich reproduce : between the realflowers and the artificial trees; the4 represented * canvas castle and thehorse for a horse " which pawsbeneath it.This clash will never be eliminateduntil scenery, properties, and all 44 re- present instead of reproducing thedramatic scene or idea; or ...to gofurther still and base the material andart of the theatre on an ideal andwholly controllable basis ...until theliving actor himself gives place atleast to the masked actor, if not tothe 44 Über-Marionette THE OPERA HOUSE: PARIS IN 1850. LAST WORDS. ''THE MASK'' ANDo LORD MEL CHETT. o " R~FIHE MASK " congratulates the " Theatre* Arts Monthly " on having at last foundsolid financial support: and The Mask ,looks towards Lord Melchett.I had better say at once whe is writingthis. . . . On second thoughts, I feel it isnot necessary : you will know who is writ- ing it.Now, why do I say " The Mask " lookstowards Lord Melchett ? WTat has LordMelchett done that we should seem to beabout to teaze or importune him ?Nothing.Yes. That is just it. He has donenothing ...for us.Why should Lord Melchett do anythingfor The Mask" ? you ask.I will say why.Lord Melchett is at the head of a veryfine scheme ... I believe the originator of thatscheme ... for providing financial backing andsupport for worthy, valuable and spirited enter- prises which lack capital.It is as fine an idea as one could wish,because it aims to spread encouragement,nourish endeavour, and give opportunity forthe realisation of projects which contributeto the public good.In having originated and organized such ascheme Lord Melchett proved himself bothintelligent and patriotic.Now, at the time when details of thisscheme were being given to the public someeighteen months ago, the largeness of its aims,its readiness to extend support to any worth- while projects whether at home or abroad,was emphasized.We of "The Mask", reading all this,felt that here at last was that large-minded,clear-sighted man with resources, with capital,ready to help an enterprise which had provedits worth and vitality and solidity by fightingon unaided for twenty years,THE following letter was accordingly sent:Florence June 1 1928.To the SecretaryThe Finance Company Ltd.14 CornhillLondon E. C.Dear Sir,We have read with much interest anarticle in " The Daily Mail" of April 13thlast respecting the organization and aims ofthe "Finance Company and ask you tobe so courteous as to send us further infor- mation on the subject.We should like to know whether SirAlfred Mond's plans for the assistance anddevelopment of enterprise Will be availablefor such activities as our own publication ofThe Mask which, founded by anEnglishman in 1908, has been carried on(save for a War interval) ever since, andwithout any capital.This journal has been recognized as havingaccomplished more than any other for thebetterment of the Theatre and its art, andestablishes links of good-fellowship in allparts of the world.It's further development and extensionhas always been limited by lack of capital,and it Would indeed be of value if thepresent scheme accorded facilities by whichWe could develope our work•We hope you will be so klrid as to letus have all possible information ; and also inform us, should our enterprise come withinthe Company's programme of action, whatpreliminary steps We should take.Anticipating your courieous attention,Faithfully yours,THE MASK Publishers.The reply to this was as follows :The Finance Company of Great Britain andAmerica. Ltd.37 Threadneedle StreetLondon E. C. 211th June 1928.The Mask Publishers,P. O. Boxx 444,Florence, Italy.Dear Sirs,With reference to your letter datedIst June, 1928, I am directed to informyou that while thanking you for your pro- posal, this Company regrets that it is notable to avail itself of your kind offer.Yours faithfully,FOR THE FINANCE COMPANY OFGT. BRITAIN AND AMERICA LTD.Signed . . . (1)Secretary..... Which is a pretty definite turn-down.Also a rather incorrect formula, since no" offer " had been made but only a question put.Also a strange repudiation of the definitelystated aims of the Company, since it rejects,without enquiry, an application which hasbehind it the exact qualifications which theCompany ostensibly requires in those enter- prises to which it announces it will extendits help.It is on the strength of the above twoletters that I say that Lord Melchett hasdone nothing for " The Mask ".Now Lord Melchett is not in the leastresponsible for having done nothing for " TheMask", of that I feel confident. But LordMelchett will be, I am equally confident, thevery first, because he knows about the arts,to sympathise with and appreciate what Iam going to say, and it is this : So long as army men, even the very grea- test, are called upon to reply to seriousletters sent to the organizations with which theyare associated by artists or groups of artists,...English artists, and artists who for manyyears have done their very best to stand firmfor all their brother artists... matters aredamnably ill arranged.Lord Melchett will agree with this, I amsure.The machinery of a large undertaking is,I dare say, not so easily managed, nor canits regularity in functioning, " tic-tac ", berelied on to the extent that some of us think;granted, and granted again. But such acase as this, set forth in the two letters whichI have printed here on my own responsibility,...is not one that should be allowed to passwithout being enquired into.I had at first thought to communicate thisprivately through friends, who would approachX, who would call on Y, who would see Z,in case Z felt that it came within his pro- vince to permit the matter to go forward,and so on and so on.But I am not good at that sort of methodof moving to the point I have in view, andas * * The Mask " really circulates only amongfriends, I felt that I would like them as wellas Lord Melchett to know of this interestingsituation.Because I am going to try and make of this a case that shall be helpful to the artists,and not, I hope, unhelpful to this immenseorganization, this company which, with LordMelchett at its head, has set out to stand bythose —»— artist or not who stick totheir guns and continue to make an effort,having nothing behind them of support, andnothing of encounagement in front.Such an organization should do itself justicefirst of all, ...and next be very careful that itdoes no injustice by repulsing just those whomits programme ssts out to help-New The Mask " from the beginninghas been what some would call a crazy affair.The original project for it in 1907 havtngbeen turned down by various publishers, whopronounced it a magnificent idea hut incapableof realisation with a capital of less than&lt;£ 10,000, it went ahead and began withouta penny. It has gone on without a penny,for twenty years, and it is still without apenny, ...and there has been no one inEngland who has thought good to help it.You may feel that there is sufficient reasonfor it not being carried on any longer : butwe go on, simply for the reason thatthere are some things .which English men andwomen never put down once they have takenup, ...and this "Mask", and what it standsfor a*d embodies, is one of them.We have been told by the Press of GreatBritain that '* The Mask " is " One of themost noteworthy -magazines rpublished in theEnglish language ...quite unique and a creditto English letters "... and the most admirableand original magazine of its kirid ". That itis A unique production " : that "As acorrective to the false sense of values whichrules in London * The Mask * does a greatdeal of good Work That it is " Aconstant source of pleasure to all seriousstudents of the drama ", and that it is " Thebest theatrical magazine in the world "." The best theatrical magazine in theWorld " ! ...and without one scrap of financialaid I Think of it.Is it not something ...some service to Eng- land ... for us to have secured to Englandthe honour of having " The best theatricalmagazine in the world ".I should have supposed it was something and I believe Lord Melchett will agree withme in this.I wonder if they organize better in France?I cannot believe they do. In America? ...well, " Theatre Arts ", a friendly offshoot, onemight aim:st say a pretty daughter, of "TheMask", has found financial support.In Germany ? .... I am inclined to think"The Mask" would have been, supportedseventeen years ago had it been German.Well, Lord Melchett is just the kind ofman who, in Germany, does support the artsand artists; who realises it as away ofhonouring his nation and fulfilling his duty asan influential man of culture.Germany has many such men. Englandnow has Lord Melchett and his great orga- nization. That is why I say that " The" locks towards Lord Melchett. (I) 3he name of a celebrated general. CHICAGO 1933 THERE is to be a World's Fair in Chicagoin 1933, and Mr. Bel Geddes, the ar- chitect and scenographer, has been asked toarrange the Theatrical section.Without being so extreme as were the Strat- ford-on-Avon people, when they excluded actorsand invited Masons to lay the foundation stoneof the Shakespeare Theatre, Chicago is extremeenough, in asking Bel Geddes, when, as amatter of fact, Belasco should have been asked. Belasco is more of a Theatre man than isBel Geddes. What, then, impels an immenseorganization like this to go to a man who hasalways shown a fine feeling in all that he hasdone, rather than to the good Belasco whohas never been over-scrupulous. Obviously,they know that the artist can always be per- suaded to sacrifice &gt;ix months of his time fornext to nothing and they know jolly wellthat Belasco will do no such damn sillything. .Besides, after all, is it not a question ot likingto do a thing ? Geddes likes to do this, andBelasco doesn't like to: there it begins, andthere it ends. Geddes doesn t mind if he has 2d.in his pocket or a million he is like Edisonthere, he is like all artists ; but some 1 heatre folkdo care, i have sympathy there with thedear Belasco quite a little sympathy and1 only hope he is making a lot of money.He has worked extremely hard, and in his timehas done a good deal of very excellentwork.Well, this Exhibition proposes to producesomething that does not compete with presen t- day popular theatrical entertainment; is not toencourage drama written with the box officeand the talking picture in mind, but aims toencouerage the direct opposite ; to do everythingpossible to show the unlimited possibilitiesof drama, and to return the theatre to itsown estate.That is Bel Geddes, and we say Bravo,Geddes." . .The fault of the international 1 heatricaiExhibitions, in Amsterdam and London, wasthat the theatrical profession, as it is called, didnot coll- borate sufficiently; though encouragedto come in, it stayed out. Now although welove the theatrical profession very much, thismust be said that it is always the faultof the profession that it is not in these affairs.It gets nervous, for no reason whatever, whenthere is any talk of Art. This is not a littleextraordinary, since it talks a great deal moreabout Art than people would suppose: butit talks about it in a wrong way, at least tentimes out of twelve. It feels a little uneasy:the actors get uneasy : at least ten out of twelveof them do.Do you remember Ellen Terry's eagerness(we are addressing any actor who may readthis) is not that the example to follow ?If someone spoke of a Sargent, or a Rossettior of a book by Henry James, didn't sheclap her hands, was she not all eagerness toknow more and to be among these things ?She had no fear of them: she was neverknown to say Oh, I never heard of that is there such a thing ?Why should not this same Terry eagernessreturn and take its place in the actor s being,and electrify it just a little bit ? Then wouldnot all actors become happy to hear of thisExhibition in America in 1933, where everyeffort is to be made to show the world whatcan be done in a theatre to show the worldthose things which can not be done anywhereelse.The actor has some need to show this,and should help to show it 4 as well as thedramatist and the producer, for nowadays theworld is only being shown what can bedone in a cinema studio, or in a talkie not in a theatre, for in the theatre there seemsto be no spare money for experiments; andhere comes Chicago with a big offer to makethese experiments.Among the Europeans invited to say whatcould best be done are two Englishmen...Granville Barker and Gordon Craig. Butthen, that is before any wire-pulling has com- menced.Perhaps you will see a while later thathalf-a-dozen more Englishmen will pull them- selyes in.Let us watch. Just those who should notbe allowed in, they who are on the make.When they've done it (since we've given them full warning), we shall announce them asamong the best wire-pullers in the realm.This anyhow. BUTT. I. F. ALFRED BUTT was knighted — I neverknew why. Now he has been baroneted— but still I don't know why.o A FEW FIGURES. oRT",0WARDS the end of 1928, it was an- nounced that he and the management ofDrury Lane Theatre had spent£ 1,000,000 in three years,in payments to authors, artists, orchestra andstaff, and in ether expenditure in connectionwith the Theatre — which sounds as thoughsomething had been done with this million.Nothing is said, in the report that I have seen,as to how much was paid to actors ; exceptthat " some of the stars received £250 to£300 a week."Butt runs Drury Lane like a Stores, andafter all, may it not be a little unwise toshovel authors and artists about like sugar andspice, however nice ? It may be even moreunwise to pretend that good authors and goodartists are being paid, when perhaps such isnot the case. For in those three years in whichthe £ 1,000,000 was spent, the productionswere 44 Rose Marie," 44 The Desert Song,"and 44 The Show Boat." How many goodauthors, how many good artists, were employedto perpetrate these three excellent shows ?...were they excellent shows, by the by ?DANGER OF THE PRODUCER.AN item which strikes me as rather high inthe Drury Lane accounts for these threeyears is£ 134,000, paid in authors' fees.These fees are £45,000 more than wasspent on the production and renewals of thethree plays in those three years. How oftennowadays we read of the danger of the pro- ducer to the Theatre, and of the blessednessof the author to the Theatre. I take thisopportunity of pointing to the figures.A blessed person does not drain the life'sblood of the institution to which he devoteshis talents — and money is the life's blood ofthe Theatre. Dramatic authors should bewell paid; but dramatic authors should notprey upon the Theatre But still I don't know why Butt wasknighted, or why he was baroneted. But one may hazard a guess. MR. HALCOTT GLOVER. FJY the way what a lot of good stuff Hal- cott Glover has in him.Who is Halcott Glover ? He writesplays and he can write them, but Who'sWho 1926 " doesn't tell me a word abouthim, nor 44 Who's Who in Literature 1926" nor " Who's Who in the Theatre 1925Yet Mr. Glover is someone.May be he was no one three years agoand 1 must get the latest "Who's Who"to inform me.1 have yet to read the third of the" Three Comedies " of his issued by George Routledge in 1928, but I here recommendthe first of them to Henry Ainley, that Ainleywith all his senses of humour and humanityawake.When I have read the third I'll attemptto review the volume. MR. G. K. CHESTERTON. r~PHE more I read Mr. G. K. Chesterton'sbooks and I read those I can buy inforeign book-shops the more I am delighted(to me that means real delight) with his wayof writing.And so is everyone else '* you willsay : yes, and I'd not stop to repeat the ob- vious, but I came across his name on the co- ver of a Magazine under those of Mr. Gals- worthy and Mr. Bennett, and the name ofChesterton in smaller print than theirs.I wouldn't compare, but it is so like thestupidity of things that such a slight shouldbe offered openly and no one pulled up for it.Chesterton is so very much the artist, andmost writers no where in that state.The book I was reading was TheWisdom of Father Brown " which has ahthe attributes of the thriller of the day andthe rare one of being done as only an artistcan do it.Grace in handling or what is it. It saway anyhow, and if the way lacks graceit lacks so much : if humour with grace, ifhumanity with grace—good ; if it lacks gracethen it lacks all.And there are such a number of big namesof writers who somehow lack this human- humourous-grace.Mr. Wells at times has far more of itthan he seems to care to give himself creditfor. Shaw never has it. I seldom find morethan an apology for it in Galsworthy ; maybe in his case his nobility and gravity outsoarthat other thing. It's this other thing whichto my mind will endure when patient clevernesswhich is not strong enough to be gentle willbe dust. TIMIDITY. OUR CENTURY, WITH- OUT HALTING,INTERESTS ITSELF WITHNEW " MOUVEMENTSMECANIQUES " BUTWHENEVER NEW "MOU- VEMENTS ARTISTI- QUES " OCCUR, PEOPLESEEM TO BE MOREFRIGHTENED OF BEINGRUN OVER BY THEMTHAN BY A MOTOR - CARIN THE STREETDIAGHILEVQUOTED IN " LITERARYDIGEST " OF AUG. 24 1929.