Bruno's Weekly 3 25 December 16th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-12-16_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno 3 25 The Contents Include: 1 Coulton Waugh Illustration 1 Victory and Defeat 2 The Trail of Oscar Wilde in America 2-3 Two Hitherto Unpublished Letters by Oscar Wilde OSCAR cre 3 16 Tite Street, Chelsea, S. W. OSCAR WILDE cre 4 The Return E. C. Beckwith cre 4 The Fortune-maker. James Waldo Fawcet cre 4 Whatever you love and trust in this world loves Frank Harris cre 4 Three Poems by Tom Sleeper Chatham Square 4 The Second Advent 4 Northern Lights 4 The Moon Mildred Antisdale cre 4 On Going to Church By George Bernard Shaw 5 Not before the scandal starts the scamp in good 5 The High Cost of Paper J. M. HOLMES cre 6 The Fairy Blanche Shoemaker Wagstaff cre 6 A Perfect Feminine Peer Gynt cre 6-7 The Last Hour Gustave Flaubert cre Translated by Guido Bruno cre 7 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 BRUNO'S WEEKLY Ten Cents Week Ending December 16th, 1916 BRUNO'S WEEKLY Edited by Guido Bruno No. 25 DECEMBER 16th, MCMXVI Vol. 11l Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY To be Continued. BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY * Copyright 1896 the Roycrofters. BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last issue) BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Bruno's Weekly, Inc., at No. 10 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Editedand written by Guido Bruno. Subscription $2 a year.Application for entry as second-class matter at the Post Office of New York pending. Coulton Waugh The Contents Include:/The Trail of Oscar Wilde in AmericaPoems by Tom SleeperOn Going to Church, by George Bernard ShawThe High Cost of Paper, by J. M. HolmesThe Last Hour, by Gustave Flaubert Victory and Defeat Every victory shows a more difficult height to scale, a steeperpinnacle of god-like hardship—that's the reward of victory: itprovides the hero with ever-new battle-fields; no rest for himthis side the grave.But what of defeat? What sweet is there in its bitter? Thismay be said for it; it is our great school: punishment teachespity, just as suffering teaches sympathy. In defeat the brave soullearns kinship with other men, takes the rub to heart; seeks outthe reason for the fall in his own weakness, and ever afterwardsfinds it impossible to judge, much less condemn his fellow. Butafter all no one can hurt us but ourselves; prison, hard labour,and the hate of men; what are these if they make you truer,wiser, kinder?Have you come to grief through self-indulgence and good-liv- ing? Here are months in which men will take care that youshall eat badly and lie hard. Did you lack respect for others?Here are men who will show you no consideration. Were youcareless of others' sufferings? Here nozv you shall agonizeunheeded: gaolers and governors as well as black cells just toteach you. Thank your stars then for every day's experience,for, when you have learned the lesson of it and turned its dis- cipline into service, the prison shall transform itself into ahermitage, the dungeon into a home; the burnt skilly shall besweet in your mouth; and your rest on the plank bed the dream- less slumber of a little child.Frank Harris in "Oscar Wilde, His Life and His Confessions" The Trail of Oscar Wilde in America One hundred and fifty contemporary newspaper interviewscollected by Guido Bruno J7EW men, at least of his age, have been so much talked about,and certainly none so much laughed at, as Oscar Wilde.Curiosity as to his personal appearance has been by no meansabated by the many descriptions published, for readers at oncerecognize the fact that in some cases the most vivid languageis useless to convey a correct impression, and Oscar Wilde hasbeen considered a sufficiently unique personage to be one ofthose cases. Consequently, when a Witness reporter wasushered into the poet's room at the Windsor Hotel this morning,his personal as well as professional curiosity was somewhatdisappointed to find no poet visible. He was there, however,and his apparent absence was only due to the tobacco smokewhich hovered ethereally about his poetic form, and throughwhich his countenance was presently revealed. Reclining in anarmchair in the midst of anything but artistic, not to speak ofaesthetic, surroundings, was the apostle of art and aestheticism.Mr. Wilde, as he rose and extended a large, gentle hand tothe visitor, showed to full advantage. Tall, and well-proportioned, his large figure was clad in graceful garments of softhomespun. The absence of knee-breeches and hose was at firsta painful shock, but the effect was partly removed by a glanceat the massive throat; the broad turned down collar was de- cidedly *'all but," while the aesthetic dull red necktie, bafflingcomprehension as to the manner of its putting on, can only bedescribed as "quite consummately too." But attention could notremain long fixed on the attire. Mr. Wilde's face, surroundedand framed by a mass of long, untamed, tawny hair, is massive,almost colossol, and at the same time very pleasant in featureand expression, especially so far as the poetic eyes are con- cerned. But mere description, as was before hinted, is ofnecessity somewhat powerless.Mr. Wilde, who speaks with the accent generally credited tothe higher classes of London society, and by no means uncom- mon in the region of Pall Mall, showed no objection whateverto being interviewed, and kindly refrained from making anyof those unpleasant remarks about journalists which his experi- ence with them would seem to justify. When asked what opin- ion he had formed of the probable results of his campaign, heat once said that after all the nonsense written about him hadbeen forgotten, good and lasting results would remain. In thecities where he had been, decorative art societies had beenstarted, and old societies had been brought into more pro- minence. His immense correspondence was entirely on thissubject. "Here," said Mr. Wilde, "is a letter only received thismorning, referring to tbe effect of my visit to Philadelphia lastweek." The letter was from Charles Leland, the famous "HansBreitmann," and a member of ''the school," thanking Mr. Wildefor the good he had done in connection with the teaching ofart principles to the young. These results are being seen inthe increase of orders given to the art societies. Mr. Wildementioned an incident which showed the way in which he wasable to help on native art. In Chicago he came across a youngAmerican sculptor of really extrordinary power and genius,but unknown. He spoke about him, and told the people thatthey could not really appreciate art if they neglected the nativetalent in their own city. Now, that young sculptor has everso many commissions.q;iesti°ner asked how the British and Americans com- pared in their reception of his teachings. Mr. Wilde couldhardly give a definite answer. "In America, you see, I havefor the first time been face to face with people who have neverseen any good art; as to their reception of what I say, while,no doubt, many come to hear me just from curiosity, yet after- ward I am continually getting letters from these people sayinghow they have been pleased with this or that point in mylectures. The great thing is to get them to come, for when theycome they always see what I mean. And," said Mr. Wilde,"what one really wants is not to be either blamed or praised,but to be understood."''You have been all over the United States now, have younot, Mr. Wilde?""I have been all over the States except in the South, and Isuppose, though it is difficult to guess, that I have spoken tosome two hundred thousand people. I have found the peoplevery willing and ready to listen and appreciate."Mr. Wilde has been in California, and is quite enthusiasticover it; "it is Italy without art," was his judgment of theHoodlum city. Only he obiected to its being called the Hood- lum city. He said, "No, it is the city of fine men and beautifulwomen! San Francisco has the most lovely surroundings ofany city except Naples. I lectured there six times, and had thgmost delightful and appreciative audiences. People's apprecia- tion of beauty depends so much on what they are accustomedto see around them. It might be thought otherwise from thosewho live in beautiful places not speaking about beauty, butthey have no need to talk about it. That is our object. Wewant to see the homes of the people beautiful, and when thatis the case people will no longer talk of the beautiful at all.We are forced to do so now because there are so many uglythings in the world. In the ideal state of art there will be noart lecturer.Mr. Wilde went on to speak of the knowledge of art in thedifferent countries, England and America."In England, now,we have the great advantage of models of art always with us,in the cathedrals, in the colleges of Oxford and Cambridge,and in many buildings of the finest architecture. In Americathe great want is of absolute models of art. The art which islearned from books is very worthless at best." Speaking ofthe aims of the movement with which he is identified, Mr.Wilde urged strongly that people should occupv a good dealmore of their time with simple things. &gt; ''It is all very well todevote time to little flower vases; they do for ladies' drawingrooms, but that is not touching the people. It is the people wewant to touch, and this can only be done by beginning withsimple things. The least things, every household article shouldbe made beautiful, and I had far rather that, instead of designsfor flower vases, a good design should be produced for a simple jug and basin, instead of the coarse pottery, inartistic in colorand outline, which is now common.""What do you think is the present position of the movementin England, Mr. Wilde?"''Well, you may best understand that from the fact that Mr.Morris has just received from the Government the contract forthe decoration of St. James's Palace. The movement is onethat must be recognized. We have entirely altered the condi- tion of society in respect to art, and no one will now furnisha house without having regard to art principles."Mr. Wilde said all this with a simplicity of language andmanner, and a hearty sincerity which were quite refreshingafter the carrjcatures which we have sometimes been led toimagine were imitations of the Arch-Aesthete. During thewhole conversation, "stained-glass" attitudes were conspicuouslyabsent, and languid lackadaiscality was also entirely wanting.Once, indeed, the lithe-limbed poet sank into a position recallingin a faint degree certain creations of Du Maurier's imagina- tion, and few could produce so aesthetic a yawn as once occur- red in the intervals of puffing a cigarette. But these were evi- dently too natural to suggest even the ghost of a smile to themost risible. And when the visitor withdrew, leaving OscarWilde to plunge again into the wisdom of Mr. Shorthouse'ssudden-famed "John Inglesant," and thinking as he went thatbehind the closed door there reclined neither a Postlethwaite,a Lambert Streyke nor a Reginald Runthorne, and that Messrs.Du Maurier, Burnand and Gilbert had all done him a graveinjustice.(The Daily Witness, May 15th, 1882.) Aestheticism's Apostle in Toronto Mr. Wilde kept pretty closely in his room at the Queen'sHotel to-day. He takes his meals in his room. Shortly afternoon, on the invitation of the Society of Artists, the apostlevisited the exhibition of paintings in the Society's rooms onKing Street. The rooms were seldom so densely crowded since theyw? e pened as they were at the moment the aesthete stepped intothe room. He is certainly a striking figure. But the fact thathe wore a pair of light inexpressibles instead of the kneebreeches, with which his name is so much associated, seemedto prove rather a disappointment. His hair is abundantly long;his manner is dignified; his voice is soft, and his speech thatof the English aristocrat. He wore a garment over all whichmay be described as a toga, slung across his shoulders with acord, in the manner of the cloak of a French marshal. On ar- riving, he was introduced by his agent to Mr. Martin and theother artists who were present. He has certainly a fine faceof effeminate cast. His smile is sweetness and light itself. Afterthe introductions, he addressed himself to inspecting the pic- tures. He was quite free in his criticisms, singling out bothbeauties and defects. Mr. Martin who acted as cicerone hadto stand by and hear praise lavished on more than one of hisown pictures. But H. R. Watson's paintings took Mr. Wilde'sfancy most. He expressed great surprise when he learned theartist's age and that he had never been to Paris. "He has exact manner of the modern French artists."Mr. Wilde afterwards went to the University in companywith Professor Pike, who is a college mate. In conversationwith the reporter, Oscar said that he approved of the outwarddesigns of the Canadian architects, but in most instances theinterior colouring was bad. In reply to a question as towhether he did not think the Toronto ladies the handsomest inthe world, he said that the ladies of every town he had beenin were the handsomest in the world. It may be mentionedincidentally that the sale of reserved seats warrants the beliefthat there will not be standing room at the Grand to-night.(The Evening News, Toronto, May 25th, 1882.) Oscar Wilde in Chinatown in San Francisco Last night, after the close of his lecture, Oscar Wilde, ac- companied by Charles E. Locke, Mr. Vail, his business manager,Thomas Keogh and an Examiner reporter, and guided by spe- cial officers James Hamilton and Edward McLaughlin, madea thorough inspection of the Chinese quarter of the city, Mr.Wilde having expressed a wish to see all the inner secrets ofChinatown, no matter at what cost to his olfactory and opticalnerves, the two experienced guides fulfilled his desire to theutmost extent of their ability. Josshouses, Chinese hospitals inEllick Alley, theaters, lodging-houses, underground burrows,Murderers' Alley, the haunts of the highbinders, the holes of the rag-pickers, opium dens, gambling-houses, places of themost questionable character, restaurants, slaughter-houses, offaldepositaries, merchants' residences, pawnbrokers' stores, junkstores, fish and hog markets, and all the thousands and onequeer haunts of the Celestial people were thoroughly explored."This is just like a chapter from the Arabian Nights," saidMr. Wilde, on leaving the principal Joss House,"and I fellexactly like Haroun al Raschid on an anonymous tour in thestreets of Bagdad." ''What a picture for Burne, Jones or ValPriuseh," he exclaimed, when a lamp was procured and lightshed upon a dozen heathens stowed away in a cellar. Mr.Wilde was particularly pleased with the barbaric decorationsof the large restaurant on Jackson Street, and stopped there tofeast his appetite on tea and preserves. It was nearly half- past 1 o'clock when the party separated, and Mr. Wilde thankedhis guides for their attention.(Daily Examiner, March 20th, 1882.) The Art Aspect of Oscar Wilde in Nebraska He is picturesque. But sometimes the picturesque requiresdistance. Too near, Oscar Wilde has too much of the neutraltint. The gray of the velvet and the gray of the face makethe monotone—to change the figure—a little weary. See himon the platform and listen to him. Then, there is a man whomno man or woman will fail to recognize as among the highest.Is Milton high? The man whose youth produced L'Allegroand Comus, and, when he was poor, old and blind—the visionof Paradise Lost. Then is Oscar Wilde high. His is the firstMiltonic face there has been in England since John Milton.John the Divine—John the beloved—who laid his head on thebreast of Christ, and in solitary exile saw the Apocalypse—Oscar Wilde's face is such as the classic painters give to him.He also has a gospel-—yet no new gospel, for Christ compre- hended it all when he sent his disciples consider the lilies ofthe field, when he would have them understand the true humanmethod of growth. The Democrat writes these sentences hon- estly, after hearing Mr. Wilde address the students at the Uni- versity this morning. He stood there and conversed. Thedistance and the light, warmed the gray, and brought into ita tone of Imperial purple. And then such talk. Right downinto centers and natures of things—a stream of sweet and lightdiffusing words such as Coleridge was wont to speak whenEngland's greatest sat listening long nights without thought ofinterrupting.(Daily Democrat, April 24th, 1882.) Two Hitherto Unpublished Letters byOscar Wilde OSCAR. Hotel Marsollies,The Marsollies,Tuesday, June 6th, 1899.My Dear Smithers:—Thank you for your letter. I hope to receive soon the title- page Dedication, and play-bill or the "Ideal Husband." Inact 11. the word "decollete" occurs, please see that the accentsare putin on the right.As regards that annoying absurdity Roberts, the statementshe made were made quite seriously, as far as manners goes:he said for instance to Bonie the last time he saw him, "I sup- pose Wilde has no idea at all that I have got his play?" Boniesaid he did not know, and asked me when I saw him. This isonly one out of many things he said. What was I to think?I naturally thought that you had written the "Bordereau," andsold it to Schwartz-kopper. Seguah. Hence 4&lt;l" affaireSmithers now, of course, you are acquitted and this provesthat the real traitor is Worsley—Esterhazy, assisted by DuPaty—Roberts. This is I hope clear to you.I await the cheque for £12. I don't propose to stay at Havre,but somewhere near, Blanberberg is, or used to be fashionable.If the cheque comes tonight I hope to get away Thursday.I saw Ernest Dowson the other night. He forced me to go tothe Pantheon at midnight. It was dreadful. A Cafe, Pande- monium.The drawing of the cover of Hulle is like a terrible carica- ture of Ernest. This was, I suppose, intended. Weather herequite terrible. -Yours 16 Tite Street, Chelsea, S. W. OSCAR WILDE. My Dear Alice:—The non-appearance of the review makes no matter, and myletter was merely a bit of nonsense.I think I have got quite as much praise as is good for me,as you will see from the enclosed leaflet, and America hasexhausted itself in complimentary adjectives. I have beenreading your charming and clever story, "Meg's Friend," andhave said a few words about it in my Xmas number, whichis now being printed. You have certainly a most sympathictouch, and a very graceful style.I am hard at work at some new stories, which I think youwill like. Why don't you send me something for the Woman'sWorld." I want an article on Spinets and Harpsichords, withreferences to the South Kensington collection, for illustrations.Love to your mother.Ever sincerely yours, (From the Collection of Mr. P. Madigan) The Return E. C. Beckwith. I MET them on the high road to the city, a man and a littleboy."How far to the town, brother ?" I asked."Not far. But three miles," the man answered, and I sawthat though his face was young he seemed very sad and tired."We have just come from there.""And are never going back," the child said wistfully, lookingat me with his gentle blue eyes. "It has hurt him so. Hewanted to go there, and we came, leaving the peaceful countrywhere we were happy. He thought he would find what helonged for, riches and fame.""And he has not found them?" I asked, though the man'sweary downcast head told me that he had not."No," the child said. "Nor will he ever find them, for nowhe no longer desires to. We are going home to the countrywhere he was happy, the country we left to come here. Andin the city he tried as the others, to win fame and riches, untilat last he saw as I had told him, that he was happier withoutthem. He is content to go back now to where we came from.He knew me long ago, when he too was a child and happywithout thought of fame or riches. And do you go there seek- ing them?"As I gazed at the deep blue eyes of the child, truth and wis- dom crept into my heart."No," I answered. 4'l am going there seeking neither, butthe little tasks which I have always done."&lt;4lt is not there you will be happy in them," said the child."No more than he." And as he spoke he clasped the hand ofthe man who stood beside him in the highroad that leads to thecity.''Come," he said softly, "we are going home." And turning,they left me. I stood there looking after them a long while,until they had nearly disappeared in the distance, then I wentslowly homeward, toward the country where I remembered Itoo had been happy, where I had wanted neither fame norriches, and I wondered if it would seem to me as it did beforeI had ever left it. The Fortune-maker. James Waldo Fawcet he was youngHe earned a fortuneIn the usual way;In middle ageHe went abroad;But all too late.Italy annoyed himAnd France was not halfSo fine as his own backyard. Frank Harris. Whatever you love and trust in this world lovesyou in return* Three Poems by Tom SleeperChatham Square DISEASE is spread upon his moth-white face,As fungus growths upon a mouldy loaf.And, sneaking like a lothsome pest,He lives his life—a muttered oath.Skulking behind this thing and that,A skinny hand outstretched for alms,A blotted soul adrift amid the scumOf New York's dizzy whirls and calms.A derelict in Life's Sargosso Sea;Despised, discarded, and an unimportant thingLike filthy paper in a waste-can thrown,He lives a morsel life—a venomed sting. The Second Advent The Master Speakso\ the weary, faultless, years,The foolish, aimless, backward years,Since first I stood on LebanonAnd spoke this way!How you have taken simple wordsThat set forth truths, forever new,Distorted them to suit your endsAnd made them useless clay.Today I stood within the placeYou've built to your poor childish God,I saw the pomp and painted dull paradeAnd pitied you.But more I marveled at the factYou based your hollow, silly, showOn what you thought that I had saidWhen thought was new./ loved the countryside and open dusty road—The cedars and the shining pebble beachAnd never bid you set one place or dayTo worship God.How sadly little have you understoodOf all I tried to tell by GallaleaYou took my metaphors and imagry for truth, but letMy simpler paths untrod.And many years must yet dim in the pastBefore the people that make up this motley worldWill come at last, and as a whole to understandWhat their eyes see."Do unto others as you would that theyShould likewise do unto thyself and thine"Would you could see how practical it is,How it must be. Northern Lights JgOREAL splendorBrilliant as day dreams!Desolate radiance!Speaking a language unknown,Uncover your mysteryBring me the messageLanguage of God! The Moon Mildred Antisdale. 'J'HE moon is rising. I can see it from the window whichlooks over the roofs of the city. The moon is huge. It islarger than many things which I supposed were large. And itis high. It is higher even than the Singer Tower. On Going to ChurchBy George Bernard Shaw I (As it appeared originally in the late Elbert Hubbard's Series.)'J'O M&amp;, as a modern man, concerned with matters of fine artand living in London by tiie sweat of my brain, 'tisa grim fact that I dwell in a world which, unable to live bybread alone, lives spiritually on alcohol and morphia. Youngand excessively sentimental city people live on love, and de- lignt in poetry or in writing wiiicii ueciares that love is Alpnaand Omega. But an attentive examination will generally es- tablish the fact that this kind of love, ethereal as it seems, ismerely a symptom of the drugs I have mentioned, and does notoccur independently except in those persons whose normal stateis similar to that induced in healthy persons by narcotic stimu- lants. If from the fine are of to-day we set aside feelingnessof prosaic art, which is, properly, not fine art at all, we maysafely refer most of the rest to feeling produced by the teapot,the bottle, or the hypodermic syringe.An exhibition of the cleverest men and women in London atfive p. m., with their afternoon tea cut off, would shatter manyillusions. Tea and coffee and cigarettes produce conversation;lager beer and pipes produce routine journalism; wine andgallantry produce brilliant journalism, essays and novels;brandy and cigars produce violently devotional or erotic poetry;morphia produces tragic exaltation (useful on the stage) ; andsobriety produces an average curate's sermon.strychnine and arsenic may be taken as pick-me-ups;doctors quite understand that "tonics" means drams ofether; chlorodyne is a universal medicine; chloral, sulphonaland the like call up Nature's great destroyer, artificial sleep;bromide of potassium will reduce the over-sensitive man ofgenius to a condition in which the alighting of a wasp on hisnaked eyeball will not make him wink; hasheesh tempts thedreamer by the Oriental glamour of its reputation; and gin isa cheap substitute for all these anodynes. Most of the activityof the Press, the Pulpit, the Platform and the Theatre is onlya symptom of the activity of the drug trade, the tea trade, thetobacco trade and the liquor trade. The world is not goingfrom bad to worse, it is true; but the increased facilities whichconstitute the advance of civilization include facilities fordrugging one's self. These facilities wipe whole races of blackmen off the face of the earth; and every extension and refine- ment of them picks a stratum out of white society and devotesit to destruction. Such traditions of the gross old habits ashave reached me seem to be based on the idea of first doingyour day's work and then enjoying yourself by getting drunk.Nowadays you get drunk to enable you to begin work.QJHAKESPEARE'S opportunities of meddling with his nerveswere much more limited than Dante Rossetti's ; butit is not clear that the advantages of the change lay with Ros- setti. Besides, though Shakespeare may, as tradition asserts,have died of drink in a ditch, he at all events conceived alcoholas an enemy put by a man into his own mouth to sreal awayhis brains; whereas the modern man conceives it as an indis- pensable means of setting his brains going. We drink anddrug, not for the pleasure of it, but for Dutch inspiration andby the advice of our doctors, as duelists drink for Dutch cour- age by the advice of their seconds. Obviously this systematic,utilitarian drugging and stimulating, though necessarily "mod- erate" (so as not to defeat its own object), is more dangerousthan the old boozing if we are to regard the use of stimulantsas an evil.for me, I do not clearly see where a scientific line can bedrawn between food and stimulants. I cannot say, likeNinon de l'Enclos, that a bowl of soup intoxicates me; but itstimulates me as much as I want to be stimulated, which is,perhaps, all that Ninon meant. Still, I have not failed to ob- serve that all the drugs, from tea to morphia, and all thedrams, from lager beer to brandy, dull the edge of self-criti- cism and make a man content with something less than the bestwork of which he is soberly capable. He thinks his work bet- ter, when he is really only more easily satisfied with himself.Those whose daily task is only a routine, for the sufficient dis- charge of which a man need hardly be more than half alive,may seek this fool's paradise without detriment to their work;,but to those professional men whose art affords practicallyboundless scope for skill of execution and elevation of thought,to take drug or dram is to sacrifice the keenest, most preciouspart of life to a dollop of lazy and vulgar comfort for wnichno true man of genius should have any greater stomach thanthe lady of the manor has for her ploughman's lump of fatbacon.J7OR the creative artist stimulants are especially dangerous,since they produce that terrible dream-glamour in whichthe ugly, the grotesque, the wicked, the morbific begin to fasci- nate and obsess instead of disgusting. This effect, howeverfaint it may be, is always produced in some degree by drugs.The mark left on a novel in the "Leisure Hour" by a cup oftea may be imperceptible to a bishop's wife who has just hadtwo cups; but the effect is there as certainly as if De Quincey'seight thousand drops of laudanum had been substituted. II QNLY a very little experience of the world of art and letterswill convince any open-minded person that abstinence,pure and simple, is not a practicable remedy for this state ofthings. There is a considerable commercial demand for maud- lin or nightmarish art and literature which no sober personwould produce, the manufacture of which must accordingly befrankly classed industrially with the unhealthly trades, andmorally with the manufacture of unwholesome sweets for chil- dren or the distilling of gin. What the victims of this industrycall imagination and artistic faculty is nothing but attenuateddelirium tremens, like Pasteur's attenuated hydrophobia. It isuseless to encumber an argument with these predestined chil- dren of perdition. The only profitable cases are those to con- sider of people engaged in the healthy pursuit of those artswhich afford scope for the greatest mental and physical energy,the clearest and acutest reason and the most elevated percep- tion. Work of this kind requires an intensity of energy ofwhich no ordinary labourer or routine official can form anyconception. If the dreams of Keeleyism could be so far realizedas to transmute human brain enery into vulgar explosive force,the head of Shakespeare, used as a bombshell, might conceiv- ably blow England out of the sea. At all events, the successionof efforts by which a Shakespearean play, a Beethoven sym- phony, or a Wagner music-drama is produced, though it maynot overtax Shakespeare, Beethoven or Wagner, must certainlytax even them to the utmost, and would be as prodigiously im- possible to the average professional man as the writing of anordinary leading article to a ploughman.is called professional work is, in point of severity,just what you choose to make it; either commonplace,easy and requiring only extensive industry to be lucrative, orelse distinguished, difficult and exacting the fiercest intensiveindustry in return, after a probation of twenty years or so, forauthority, reputation and an income only sufficient for simplehabits and plain living. The whole professional world lies be- tween these two extremes. At the one, you have the man towhom his profession is only a means of making himself and hisfamily comfortable and prosperousat the other, you have theman who sacrifices everything and everybody, himself included,to the perfection of his work—to the passion for efficiency whichis the true mastei-passion of the artist. At the one, work is anecessary evil and money-making a pleasure; at the other,work is the objective realization of life and moneymaking anuisance. At the one, men drink and drug to make themselvescomfortable; at the other, to stimulate their working faculty.Preach mere abstinence to the one, and you are preaching noth- ing but diminution of happiness. Preach it to the other, andyou are proposing a reduction of efficiency. If you are to pre- vail, you must propose a substitute. And the only one I haveyet been able to hit on is—going to church.To be Continued. Not before the scandal starts the scamp in goodsociety. The High Cost of Paper J. M. HOLMES. November 29th, 1916.Editor Bruno's Weekly:RETURNED herewith, for correction of statement thereon,find cover of your periodical dated October 18, 1916, towit:"TO YOU GENTLE READER""Owing to the fact that American raw material is placed atthe disposal of foreign manufacturers, the cost of paper andprinters ink increased during the last year two and three timestheir original prices.''The above statement is illogical, incorrect and misleading,in that it implies that the quantity of raw material is limitedand that prices are now fixed by such limitation. Are they?If raw material be naturally limited, the law of supply anddemand would naturally operate in the establishment of priceor cost per unit. Are you prepared to defend your incorrectstatement on the ground that the increased price of print paperand printers ink are fixed due to a limited quantity of rawmaterial ? Is it not obvious that the monopoly of the naturalresources, from which the raw materials are drawn, are respon- sible for restricted production, which results in high prices forthe finished commodity?On page 276 Abstract of United States Census 19)0, you willnote that during the last decade (1900-1910) Agricultural andForest land values increased 118.1%; such a phenomenal in- crease in the value of rural lands, during the short period often years, must necessarily be reflected in increased price ofall raw materials.Due to increasing population all lands are steadily increasingin value, and as rent for land is first cost (overhead charge)in all production, is it not evident that as land values rise thatthe cost of raw material as well as the finished product mustalso advance?If the source from which all raw material comes (land)steadily increases in value, does it not stand to reason that theprice of raw material must increase in like proportion, and ifgreat areas are held from use does not this holding out of ustfurther operate to increase the value of that area in use anddo not these increasing values reflect themselves in an increasedprice per unit of the commodity? Combinations may be formed,and often do conspire to raise the prices, but they are moreoften compelled to do so as a last resort, in order that theymay meet the incessant demand of labor for higher wages,which demand is caused by ever increasing land values uponwhich labor is compelled to pay ever increasing rent as thevalue rises, and as more and more of the wages of labor goesto pay rent upon increasing land value, less and less of labor'swages can be used with which to purchase the actual necessi- ties of life and as that part spent for necessities decreases dueto the greater part going to pay rent upon land, labor of ab- solute necessity is compelled to demand a higher wage, whichin turn is charged to cost price of the commodity. Now: Isit not clear that rising land values are the fundamental causeof high prices in all production? The increasing land valueforces both labor and capital to increase the price and thebeneficiary is the land-lord—the holder of the earth—the land.In the city of greater New York there are over one milliontwo hundred thousand vacant lots now held from use andoccupancy by persons demanding high prices from those whodesire to use these lands, in fact, the prices are so high thatpeople are compelled to herd like animals in some localities,paying exhorbitant rentals for the most squalid quarters, result- ing in low standards of living with its attendant evils. Is itnot obvious that the holding out of use these desirable sitesmust enable the holders of the now occupied sites to exact ahigher rental from the present lot users, and is it evidentthat these unoccupied lots if thrown into use would immediatelyresult in materially decreasing rents of all occupied sites, de- creasing rentals throughout the city, would not this be a verydesirable change in view of the fact that an added stimuluswould be given to the building trades of which there are overforty that coordinate in the construction and furnishing of amodern building?As land values rise, wages for labor and interest for capitalfall, this is an iron-bound law which deviates not one hair'sbreadth in its operation and by the operation of this iron-bound law those who control the natural resources (land) can anddo exploit both labor and capital at their leisure.Prices of all commodities have been steadily rising, andperceptibly so for the past twenty-five years. High prices arenot solely due to the European War as the American presswould now have us believe; we were confronted by high pricesbefore the war. One has only to refer to old files of the pressfor proof of this fact, and as for cost of print paper the Con- gressional Record during the Taft Administration will showthe hot fight made by the monopolist for a tariff on wood pulp.Remedy: Exempt all labor created values from taxation andplace the burden of taxation upon land value, that value whichnaturally increases as population increases and the result willbe that labor values will decrease in price to the minimum,rents will fall and the price of all raw material will decreaseas all productive land is thrown into use, increasing the supplyat the same time freeing production, stimulating business andincreasing prosperity for all.Yours for cheap print paper and barrels of ink with whichto open the eyes of a sleeping public to the irrefutable fact,that, "As land values rise, wages for labor and interest forcapital fall."I refuse to be "gentle" after reading your erroneous state- ment, hence this effusion.Respectfully, Receiving Ship, Navy Yard, New York. The Fairy Blanche Shoemaker Wagstaff. ri)VER the jewelled waves I see a fairy dancing, poised inazure and tinted with the hue of peach-bloom. Herbreasts are like twin-shells a-sparkle, and her white feet treadthe waves in manner fanciful. Her brow is diademed in rain- bow, and the glimmer of her tresses dyes the sea's blue intoshadowy sapphire.As she nears me sailing like a gossamer spirit, I cry:*'What nereid are you dancing before me?"Singing, she strikes upon a dazzling lyre that stills the winds.Her hands lie like lilies on the quivering strings."I am Happiness," she sings, "I am Joy that comes up withthe shining banners of the dawn. I am Beauty that all mor- tals seek. I am the white Dream of man's youth. I am theincarnate flower of all loveliness. I am the wreathed dryadof all song! Take me to your bosom! Drink of my lips thatyou may faint of ecstasy!"I gaze i pon her shuddering loveliness. Gold and opal shim- mer about her. Her sun-shot breast drips silvery brine, andher mouth is like a rose a-thirst.I cry: "Are you the dream that sends men mad with beautyterrible!"The sea is like a million pearls. Diaphanous she dancesbefore me, beckoning, beckoning, beckoning. . . .The waves unfold me. I swim out into the calm blue. Sheis there before me beckoning with her lips and eyes tremulous.Swooning, she plays upon her lyre, and its melody sings beforeme. . . .1 follow through the sea, ever onward, towardthe sun-flame of her tresses, seeking for the phantom loveli- ness.Fairy! why are you always before me mist enveloped? everbeckoning with your breast a-shimmer. . . . ever there be- yond my reach?Rainbow-rapture, let me clasp you!Dryad! Gossamer vision! where are you? My achingarms are empty, and I am weary seeking. . . .Wraith of azure! spirit of Joy—you are but a beautifulchimaera shining before me on the desert of the wave. . . . A Perfect Feminine Peer Gynt. F was a dreary morning; the first snow-fall of the year wasthreatening. I was chilly and felt very pessimistic. Peoplewere running hither and thither, their pinched noses, pinchedfeet and pinched bodies reminding one of a Japanese mummy,pinched and wrapped even as they were, lest it should decay.Whither were they rushing, these squirrel-like haunted hu- mans? Was it to be buried in the pit of endless toil for yetanother day?For lack of anything better to do I turned in the direction ofFleischmann's Baths.Half an hour later I came out of my locker wearing the cus- tomary sheet-made toga. Where to find the lavatory was mynext consideration. I walked up the stairs and as I approachedthe dormitory I stepped into a nearby room to inquire my way.On my immediate right there was a double room whose doorwas just a trifle open. I knocked twice. I heard a hurriedmotion, and then a voice "Come in."One glance at the woman inside and I knew it would be noeasy thing to get rid of me. I was interested.I saw rings of tobacco-smoke curling up from a cigarettewhich she held in her hand ; and though I had never smokedbefore, I went up to her and asked,"Have you a butt to spare?"She nodded assent and without moving her body pointed toa box on the radiator.Nonchalantly, and as though I had done the same thing athousand times, I took a cigarette between my fingers, struck amatch on the box and waited silently until it was almost flick- ering its last, then, lit my cigarette. I felt keen eyes pouringdown on me.Having leisurely puffed for a few seconds I looked up. Itwas my turn now. A body thin enough to be active and alertlay reclining on a cot, twin to the one on which I sat. Herhead was as masculine as that of Antinous was feminine. Anyman would have been proud to carry high that forehead. Thoseof you who have seen the eyes of a panther, fierce yet loving—because they protect—see in full what I saw when I enteredthat room."Are you alone?" I asked."Yes, for the present; I expect my friend any minute," sheanswered."May I keep you company until she comes? As soon as Ihear foot-steps I will go.""Oh that's all right."My eyes wandered around the room; then looking straightat her I asked,"Are you interested in woman suffrage?""Are you? she inquired.Her tread was soft, mine must be likewise.'Well, not exactly interested, but all the same I would like tosee them get the vote."She was up in an instant."There I disagree with you."How strong and independent she was. She felt the need ofweaklings who would fall back on her, to use her as theirstrength."Are you sure," I asked, "that it would be for their detrimentrather than for their benefit if women were given the vote?""Yes, I am sure, more than that I shall live tomorrow.""Why?" I begged. "May I know your reasons?""Yes. Don't you see, women were born to be feminine. Theymust add their qualities to man's, so that together, they maycreate still finer qualities. I hate a woman to feign masculinity,and dress like a man. How stupid she is when she cuts her hairand puts on a slouch hat, then passes up and down a busystreet with a look in her eyes which says, 'Behold, I have mademyself equal unto man'! She is but a poor imitation even ather best."Just then I heard a tiny, pat-pat-pat on the carpet outside.There was a distinct rustle of skirts and petticoats; perfumesof all sorts stuffed the nose. A second elapsed, then, a timidknock. The door opened and in walked—a perfect feminine. The Last Hour By Gustave Flaubert Translated by Guido Bruno. Oh! one cannot express in words, the bitterness and the gloomof a night passed at the side of a corpse; praying, crying atthe corpsc which will not be recalled to life. No one knowswhat a night full of tears and sobs contains of dread and ter- ror ; a night in the light of two dead candles, passed in thesociety of twe women with a monotonous sing-song, with cheap- tears and with grotesquely-resounding hymns! No one knowswhat such a night of desperation and mourning inflicts uponthe heart; what misery and grief. Upon the youth, scepticism; upon the old, despair.The da\ approached! But after the dawn had broken, whilethe two candles were dying out, both women left the room andI remained alone. I hurried after them, I clutched their apronsand I grasped convulsively their clothes!"My sisteiv" I asked. "Yes, my sister Lelia! Where is she?"They look at me in amazement."My sister! You asked me to pray and I have prayed sothat she may return. You have fooled me!"But that was for her soul!"Her soul? What did that mean? They often had spoken tome about God, but never of the soul.God! That at least I could understand. If they had askedme what it meant, I would have taken Lelia's canary, I wouldhave crushed its head with my hands and I would have said,"I too, am God!" But the soul? The soul? What is it? Iwas bold enough to ask them, but they left me without an an- swer. Her soul!Well, they have fooled me, these women. What I reallywanted was Lelia, who played with me on the lawn and in thewoods, wh»; used to lay on the grass, picking flowers andthrowing them to the winds. Lelia, my darling little sisterwith big blue eyes; Lelia who embraced me every evening aftershe had played with her doll, with her little lamb and with hercanary.Pool sister! For you did I cry; you I wanted badly andthese barbaric people answered me: 'No, you will never seeher again; you did not pray for her but for her soul! Forsomething unknown, which is indetermined as is a word of aforeign language; for a breath; for a word, for nothing; inshort, for her soul have you prayed!"Her soul' her soul! I despise it; her soul. I pity her; Idon't want to think of her any more. What shall I do withher soul? Dc you know what it is, her soul? Her body it isthat I want! her look, her life, shortly, her! And you, youhave given me back nothing of all this.These women have fooled me; and I have cursed them.This cursc has fallen back upon me, upon the foolish phil- osopher whe cannot comprehend a word without spelling it,who cannot believe in a soul without feeling it and who cannotfear a God whose blows he faces as Aschylos caused hisPrometheus to do and whom he loathes so much that he wouldnot even defame him. IV Often I said to myself looking up to the Sun: "Why do youshine upon every day with all this sorrow? Why do you putinto the light of the broad day so much of grief and such un- speakably foolish misery?Often I said to myself, observing myself: "Why are youhere? Whr, don't you dry your tears while you are crying withone well-aimed shot whose inevitable consequences not even aGod could prevent."Often I said to myself, looking at all the people who arehastening, hunting after a name; after a throne; after the idealof virtue—all things that are more or less shallow and sense- less—looking at this whirl, this glowing lava, this uncleanchaos of joy, vice, of deeds, of emotions, of matter and of pas- sion ; "where to, does all this pass? Upon whom will descendall this badly-odored dust, as it is carried away by the wind?In the grave of what nobody will it be incarcerated?"And still oftener I said to myself at the sight of the forestsof this much-admired Nature; of this wonderful sun-settingevery evening and rising every morning, which shines equallybeautiful on a day rich in tears as on the day of happiness, atthe sight of trees, of the sea and of the skies resplendent withmyriads of stars; how often have I said to myself in bitter de- spair: "What is all this here for?" V One thought came to me and that is the only remorse whichever tortured me; never have I felt remorse as I thought thatmen are not good and not bad; not guilty and not innocent; Iknow that I do not act out of my free-will, but am promptedby a moving force, by a universal power, by a faith which isstronger than I am! I shall never mourn about the fooleriescommitted by my enemy. I also find I should have lived as Iam dying; happily and quietly; instead of crying and cursingGod I should have laughed and should have faced him; Ishould have killed my tears in laughter. I should have forgot- ten reality; instead of mourning lost love I should have beenone with life.I should have lived. A CHRISTMAS GIFTA GIFT OF LOVEFrank Harris' Oscar Wilde, His Lifeand His ConfessionsA book so true, so pure and so beautiful that a mothershould put it in the trunk of her departing daughter, thelover should give it to his bride as his most precious gift;the bad man, should he stop and glance through it, will stopagain, and read it, read it to the end; a book that should bereproduced in millions of copies to find a place in the libra-ries of the wealthy, on the modest bookshelves of the poorand in the cell of the man who serves a life sentence.Only a few copies of the limited first and only edition tobe had.Ten Dollars for both volumes.The Garret Shop, 105 Fourth Ave.New York TUESDAY, the 2nd of JANUARYMr. Daniel Kennedy, Auctioneer,will sell at public auction in No. 105Fourth Ave., BOOKS, DRAWINGS,VALUABLE AUTOGRAPHS,PAINTINGS and Original MANU-SCRIPTS, being part of GuidoBruno's Collection, removed recentlyfrom his Garret on Washington Sq.Catalogues will be sent, and seatsreserved on application.THE GARRET SHOP105 Fourth Avenue New York At THE NEW ROMA RESTAURANT of health whereyou eat first class and quality of Italian and American cook-ing at moderate prices, a la Carte, run by the well knownPETER ROMA, nothing will be neglected with the bestftattention to everybody. Everything is brand new and sani-tary. Dancing every Saturday and Sunday. Grand Hall forBanquets, Weddings, etc.P. ROMA, Manager87-89 Macdougal St., cor. Bleecker St., first floorTelephone Spring 1324 Bruno Chap Books.Twenty-eight booklets containing the most interesting work of the most unique writers of the past twenty-five years.Prices ranging from fifteen cents to fifty cents.Write for catalgoue and send one-cent stamp. It contains the story of Bruno's Garrett from a public gravedigger's tool house to the exhibition gallery of modern artists' work.Bruno's Weekly, 10 Fifth Avenue, New York City. 14 Stories by Maupassant,F®r 35 cents postpaidStories of the Tragedy and Comedy of Life, withan introduction by Paul Bourget. Prettily printed inlarge type on superior paper, with illustrations incolor by Clare Victor Dwiggins. 16mo, stiff darkgreen paper cover, rough edges. (196 pages.) NewYork, M. Walter Dunne, 1914. (Pub. 50 cents.)Comprises the following short stories: The FalseGems, Was it a Dream?; Simon's Paper; In the Moon-light; The Old Maid; The Lancer's Wife; The Sequelto a Divorce; The Englishwoman; Sentiment; TheFishermen; In his Sweetheart's Livery; Bertha; Dis-covery; and A Message of Love.CONDOR'S BOOK STORE366 Fifth Ave.Write for interesting catalogue of books. OSCAR WILDE'SImpressions of Americaedited with an introduction by Stuart Mason.One of the original 500 copies printed*This book, written by Oscar Wilde upon his return fromthat memorable lecture tour through America, containssome of the finest characterizations of America, as Wildesaw it. He hits mercilessly and he praises effusively. Inthe appendix is an interesting collection of newspaperinterviews with Wilde.It is a rare Wilde item, published by one of Wilde's oldestfriends and his bibliographer.Only a few copies left which will be sent to those whose ordersreach us at first for $1.00 postpaid.SCHULTE'S BOOK STORE132 E. 23rd StreetNew York R. EDERHEIMERPRINT CABINET366 FIFTH AVE., NEW YORKOriginal Drawings'by Old MastersALL APPRECIATIVE VISITORS CORDIALLY INVITED 6340 SPRING 80 WASHINGTON SQUARENEWTON MERRILLEXPERT IN INTERIOR DECORATIONS