The mask 2 7 8 9 January 1910 naau_1910-01_01 The mask 2 7 8 9 Untitled Image Illustration 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 An early Florentine Wood Engraving from the story of Uberto and Filomesa. Illustration 4 SUGGESTIONS FOR ESTABLISHING AN ENGLISH ART THEATRE J. R. P1anché; Somerset Herald, 1879 cre 5-7 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Untitled Image Illustration 7 DECORATION ON THE STAGE. A. W. Schlegel. Dramatic Art cre Literature cre 8 ON THE USE OF MASKS. A. W. Schlegel. Dramatic Art cre Literature cre 8 Untitled Image Illustration 8 THE ART OF THE THEATRE. The Second Dialogue, Gordon Craig cre 9-29; 31-32 Untitled Image Illustration 9 A DESIGN FOR A SCENE FOR "HAMLET". by GORDON CRAIG. Illustration 29 Untitled Image Illustration 32 THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF ANTONY AND CLEOPATRA E. W. Godwin cre 33-36 TWO STAGE CHARACTERS Gilbert à Beckett cre 36-38; 40 Untitled Image Illustration 36 Untitled Image Illustration 37 Untitled Image Illustration 38 SOME STAGE ROYALTIES. by CHARLES BORROW. Illustration 40 THE ENGLISH VOICE Alien Carric cre Allen Carric cre 41 VENETIAN COSTUME TRANSLATED FROM THE BOOK OF CESARE VECELLIO D. Nevile Lees cre 42-43 Untitled Image Illustration 43 Untitled Image Illustration 43 Untitled Image Illustration 43 Untitled Image Illustration 43 ROARS OF LAUGHTER Jan van Holt cre 45 Untitled Image Illustration 45 Untitled Image Illustration 45 BOOK REVIEWS 46-51 GREEK COSTUME by Ethel Abrahams. 46 Untitled Image Illustration 46 HANDBUCH BER KOSTUMKUNDE. 46-47 O THER DA YS by William Winter. 47 JOSEPH &amp; HIS BRETHREN by Charles 47 BELL'S MINIATURE SERIES OF 47-48 Mr JUSTICE RAFFLES by E, W, 48 „&amp; The volume deals technically with 48 THE APPRECIATION OF THE DRAMA 48-49 fmy * "W KJ V A V AAA RW CiSwP WXair 49-50 WIT AND HUMOUR OF THE STAGE. 50-51 "ARGUS" A fortnightly journal. 51 CRITICS CRITICISED 51-52 Bone's.... art has been mentioned 51-52 Untitled Image Illustration 51 FOREIGN NOTES. 52-54 LONDON R. S cre 52-53 Untitled Image Illustration 52 HYSTERIA. B. P cre 53 in Theatre or Cathedra? there is G. N cre 53 WOMEN IN THE THEATRE. A. S cre 53-54 EDITORIAL NOTES. 54-58 Untitled Image Illustration 54 ''phe Censorship Enquiry Committee has J. S cre 54-58 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 59 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 60 Vol. 2 N,° 7-9 J A N U A R Y i 9 1 o THE MASKA QUARTERLY JOURNAL OFTHE ART OF THE THEATRE -H ARENA QOLDONIFLORENCEITALY mmmw J*33*«ss«s»*M*£««k~~.^«ftStafl*«ia^^8ies^«sj^^&lt;J MMMMM* „ J §5% . SEZA'&amp;«,/?^ .£% -W-&lt;-&gt;&gt;. V &amp; AN ENGLISHART THEATRE. J5&gt; AN ENGLISHART THEATRE. ANTONY &amp;CLEOPATRA. J&amp; ANTONY &amp;CLEOPATRA. &amp; ANTONY &amp;CLEOPATRA. THE STAGEPRINCE. &amp; &amp; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED J&amp; Gorente Responsabile, GIULSO VANZI mmwMit&amp;xictvrxt*'ovrH&gt; jmmfmtiEwx&amp;ut mnwmm— imi.ii—— »»»*" MHBBWWMMBMSwaWM—wbb THE^PA^^!A QUARTERLY JOURNAL OF THEART OF THE THEATRE^SOME PRESS OPINIONS OF THE MASK■IBBHBBHHMnnHBHBnMHHHHBBniHMHMHHnHMiDHMBMMHHHnMBHnBHMj&amp; THE DAILY TELEGRAPH.. 44 A very amusing and stimulating, as well as a most beau°tiful magazine. " £/ j&amp; j&amp; &amp; &amp;PALL MALL GAZETTE. 44 There is not a page in it which is not interesting and stimu=lating in a fine way.WESTMINSTER GAZETTE. " A quite remarkable magazine, rich in intelligence. " &amp;&amp; THE NEW AGE. 44 The Mask is the most beautiful magazine published. " &amp; jz?&amp; LIVERPOOL COURIER. 44 By the delicacy of its format, the pleasantness and dignity ofits types, the careful excellence with which its illustrations have been reproduced, thecharacter of the illustrations themselves, and the curious distinction and sincerity of itsliterary contents, it seems to prove that the artistic centre of Europe has once again shiftedto Italy. " J&amp; JSr &amp;M r PERCY MACKAYE. " Your journal has for me the rare attraction44 of abundant intellectual activity with aesthetic charm. Its freedom, its courage, its" fecundity of ideas, its emphasis of vital potentialities in the theatre, its ample horizon,44 which aims to review the centuries as well as the seasons of theatrical art, its earnest44 search for rational criteria, its championship of the poetic and creative in its own field,....44 these unusual qualities differentiate The Mask from that large class of art journals which44 are mere catalogues and tend to give it a perennial rather than a momentary appeal.O V R FIRST VOLUME*?nUTfWMTIil III— III 111 ■! Ill HI ■ IMITTn"—*,?T*,Tjr —- ,The first Volume of The Mask9 March 1908 — February 1909, bound in the best Florentinevellum, may be had at twenty shillings, ( Francs 25,00, Marks 20, Dollars 5.) a copy fromthis office.—■———ibto—M—H——— II I—I IIWIBI Willi Bill Ifllll III1MMMWBBMWI HUM 1MB ■■WIIII'W WI'flMIMHI MMHH IIIHIIITf'jfroM KBMW8TO——— i———»YEARLY England, 15 Shillings! America, 4 Dollars j Russia, 8 Roubles POSTSUBSCRIPTION Germ any, 15 Marks I Italy, 15 Lire, j France, 20 Francs. FREETHE MASK OFFICES, ARENA GOLDONI, FLORENCE. Printed for the Proprietor by Tipogralia R. Lastrucci Via dei Serragli, 104 Florence and published at The Office of " The Mask "Arena Goldoni. LITERARY CONTENTS. SUGGESTIONS FOR ESTABLISHING AN ENGLISH ART THEATRE by J. R. PLANCHE. 1879 J*DECORATION ON THE STAGE AND THE USE OF MASKS, from A. W. SCHLEGEL'S"DRAMATIC ART AND ART OF THE THEATRE: THE SECOND DIALOGUEby GORDON CRAIG. &amp; " THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF ANTONY AND CLEOPATRAby E. W. GODWIN, REPRINTED FROM THE " ARCHITECT " 0 TWO STAGE CHARACTERSby GILBERT k BECKET THE ENGLISH VOICE by ALLEN CARRIC. &amp; VENETIANCOSTUME FROM THE BOOK OF CESARE VECELLIO TRANSLATED by D. NEVILE LEES.ROARS OF LAUGHTER by JAN VAN HOLT. BOOK REVIEWS. CRITICS CRITICISED. j0FOREIGN NOTES. 0 EDITORIAL NOTES. ILLUSTRATIONS. A FLORENTINE WOOD ENGRAVING FROM THE STORY OF UBERTO AND FILOMENA. &amp;THE STAGE PRINCE AND THE STAGE PEASANT by GEORGE CRUICKSHANK. 0 SOMESTAGE ROYALTIES by CHARLES BORROW &amp; FOUR VENETIAN COSTUME DESIGNS byCESARE VECELLIO. -&lt;S&gt; A SCENE FROM THE SACRA RAPPRESENTAZIONE OF JOSEPH ANDHIS BRETHEREN. -&lt;S&gt; HEAD AND TAIL PIECES AND INITIAL LETTERS FROM OLD ITALIANDESIGNS, AND DESIGNS BY GORDON CRAIG, JULIUS OLIVER, AND CHARLES BORROW. An early Florentine Wood Engraving from the story of Uberto and Filomesa. SUGGESTIONS FOR ESTABLISHINGAN ENGLISH ART THEATRE by J. R. P1anché; Somerset Herald, 1879. (0 he desirability of the establishment of a theatre in London '* not whollycontrolled by the predominant taste of the public" was eloquentlyadvocated by Mr. George Godwin, editor of the Builder, in his speechas chairman of a meeting of the Society for the Encouragement of theFine Arts, at their rooms in Conduit-street, when the late Dr. Dorandelivered his lecture, " For and against Shakspeare," and the questionthen mooted has since been unanimously answered in the affirmative atthe Social Science Congress at Cheltenham, where Mr Godwin repro- duced his arguments, strengthened by the cordial support of Mr. Henry Irving, Mr. HermannVezin, and several others eminently qualified to pronounce their opinions on the subject.&amp; A considerable number of gentlemen, wellwishers to the cause, including many of thetheatrical profession, having both publicly and privately expressed their approval of the mainobject of the movement, the views of some of the original promoters of it are now formu- lated for the consideration of all who are interested in its success. &amp; &amp;J£? In the first place, it is necessary to declare as explicitly as possible that no rivalry orcompetition is contemplated with any existing establishment, the objects of the directionof the proposed theatre being strictly limited 2... .1. To the restoration to the stage of themasterpieces of the great dramatists of the last three centuries, which with some very fewexceptions have been either wholly neglected or spasmodically revived by modern managers,and are unknown to the present generation of playgoers. 2. The production of originalplays of the highest class, which for commercial or other reasons have, notwithstandingtheir intrinsic merit, been unable to obtain representation. And 3. The general cultivationand encouragement of histrionic art and the welfare and respectability of its professors.It is believed that these objects can only be attained by the foundation of a theatre on themodel of the Th&amp;itre at Paris ;but it is almost hopeless to expect that, althoughthousands upon thousands are annually voted by our Parliament for the support of acade- mies, museums, schoolboards, and other institutions connected with art and education, itwould sanction the appropriation of the smallest subsidy in aid of an art in which are com- bined the graces of all the others, and of a school which for educational purposes surpassesany as yet existing. &amp; &lt;£&gt;&amp;&amp;£?&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; In default, therefore, of such assistance from Government, at any rate at present, as isafforded to the National Theatre in France, the stability of a National Theatre in Englandmust be assured by annual subscriptions amounting to a sum sufficient to cover the naturalexpenses, and guarantee the direction from loss and the company from a calamity oftoo-frequent occurrence,....the choice between taking half-salaries and a sudden termi- nation of their engagements, perhaps in the very middle of the season. &amp; &amp;&amp; As the raising of such a fund is necessarily the first step to be taken, and as unless sa- tisfactorily effected the project must fall to the ground, it may be held useless to enterinto an explanation of the mode in which it is suggested the fund should be employed andthe theatre conducted; at the same time it is obvious that without some information onthose subjects it would be idle to expect any one to subscribe. The following propositions,embodying the principal points of the scheme, are therefore respectfully submitted to thepublic for consideration.&amp; It is estimated that the sum of L. 20,000 would be amply sufficient to cover the wholeexpenses of a season of eight months, or, more strictly speaking, thirty-two weeks, com- mencing at the end of October and terminating at the end of June. This estimate is for- med on the rough calculation that the total average daily expenditure would not exceed L100or L600 weekly (L 19,300) at starting, that expense being naturally reduced by the gradualincrease of scenery, dresses, and decorations available in future seasons, the original cost of which must be defrayed during the preceding, and would eventually constitute a valuableproperty.j&amp; The subscribers to this fund to be considered proprietors, who should have a first chargeon the receipts of the theatre of 3 per cent, per annum interest on the amount of the sumsindividually subscribed, and in whom should be vested the property of every descriptionbelonging to the theatre, before or behind the curtain. They should have power to ap- point the treasurer of the theatre and box-office keeper, and be legally secured against anyresponsibility beyond the amount of their original subscription. Their privilege to belimited to their personal free admission to any part of the house before the curtain,they except the private boxes with the liberty of securing a seat In advance of the perform- ance.&amp; Assuming the sum raised, the next step would be the possession of a theatre the audi- torium of which was capable of accommodating without inconvenience, at moderate prices(say, stalls, 7s.; lower boxes, 5s.; upper ditto, 3spit, 2s.; and gallery, is.), a sufficientnumber of persons to produce a receipt of not less than L250 per representation, at periodsof special attraction, exclusive of private boxes, the number of which would have to beregulated according to the construction of the theatre. &amp; &amp; &amp;general control of the theatre to be exercised by a board of directors, say seven innumber, none of whom should be either dramatists or actors, but men of acknowledgedeminence In literature and art, and whose names and character would be a sufficient as- surance to the public that their councils would be guided by sound judgment, cultivatedtaste, and strict impartiality. Their services should be gratuitous. Their privileges, theappointment of the acting manager, free access at all times to every part of the house, anda commodious private box for theis joint occupancy, but not for disposal. &amp; &amp;The acting manager to be entrusted with the formation of the company, the appointmentof the stage-manager aud his subordinates, the heads, of the scenic and mechanical de- partments, the master and mistress of the wardrobe, and the musical director, all salariesbeing submitted to the board of directors for sanction previously to the signature of anengagement.&amp; The acting manager to select the plays for representation (the board of directors havingthe power of veto), and to decide on the days for their production and repetition. Also tomake out " the bill of the play, " which should contain simply the title of the piece, thename of the author, the distribution of the characters, the time of performance, and theprices of admission, or other necessary information. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; With respect to the time of performance, independently of the rapidly-increasing favourwith which morning, or more correctly speaking, afternoon representations appear to beregarded by the public, there are many and very important advantages attending such apractice, which induce the promoters strongly to recommend its adoption by the directorsof a National Theatre. First of all; the inestimable one of the actor, whose, daily labourterminates at an early hour in the evening, leaving the remainder of it to be devoted byhim to repose, recreation, or study according to his inclinations, and affording him valuableopportunities of visiting other theatres aud witnessing the impersonations of the most dis- tinguished artists, English or foreign. To the public the advantages are equally conside- rable. The hours from three to six p.m. are specially those which are most at the disposalof tho fashionable world, and for all classes the convenience of morning dress, particularlyin bad weather, the liberty obtained for social or domestic enjoyment in the evening, andthe ability to reach even a distant home without the risk of " missing the last train,especially when accompanied by children,....an anxiety which not only detracts from thepleasure of the spectators, but constantly compels large parties to rise and hurry fromtheir seats before the fall of the curtain, to the great annoyance of both actors and audience,as well as regret to themselves.... must surely be obvious to very one. Nor should we omitto call attention to the profit derivable from the occasional letting of the Theatre in theevening for concerts, lectures, &amp;c. Still this is a point which would remain open for«s&gt; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; * &amp; &amp;&amp; It now only remains for us to suggest the mode by which the subscriptions and receiptsshould be apportioned for the general benefit of the institution. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; Taking the aforesaid estimate of the weekly expenses as fairly correct, the first sum tobe provided would be the interest on th L2o,ooo subscribed, amounting to L600, which, forhe fbetter security of the proprietors, it is proposed should be taken from the receiptsat the doors daily. Excluding Passion-week, Ash-Wednesday, and say four o five daysbefore Christmas, the number of play-days in the season would amount to 180, and thededuction to about L20 per week, which must be regarded as rent. &amp;jg? We now come to the working expenses of the establishment, the largest portion of whichwould of course be the salaries of the company and its officers. Here we arrive at a pointon which there will probably be more difference of opinion than any other. It beingimpracticable, in the first instance, to place the actors engaged in this projected theatrein a relative position to the Membres Societaires of the Thg&amp;tre the questiontishow nearly we can enable them to approach it beneficially, both as affects their pecu- niary and professional interests.&amp; As it is the avowed intention to avoid to the extent of their power any cause for thehostility of contemporary managements by competition with them in the market for theservices of popular artists the promoters suggest that the highest salary should not ex- ceed L25 or L30 per week. Actors and actresses who, in consequence of their individualattraction, can and do command double such sums, are not expected to reduce their termsfor the love of art or the cultivation of it in others. The principal object of the nationaltheatre is the education of the profession as much as that of the public, and its promotersconfidently believe that there are hundreds on the netropolitan and provincial stages whoonly require the opportunity, under judicious guidance, to develop the latent genius thatis smouldering in their souls. Every day the list is increasing of young and intelligentwomen and men who have attracted the notice of the press and the experienced playgoer;and independently of them; the list of supporters of a proposed national theatre includesmembers who have already won their spurs as far as it has been possible for them to doso in the class of characters to the interpretation of which they have been limited, andwhich, whatever their merits, are not to be named in comparison with those in the standarddrama of this country which they have the laudable ambition to prove they are worthy toiillustrate.&amp; To them and all who are inclined to volunteer in this "forlorn hope," as some considert, of the English stage, the following propositions founded on the usages of the " Theatre" are offered for their consideration. As no play, however attractive, would berepeated any number of days consecutively, the same principal performers would not becalled upon to appear more than twice or three times in the week. If, however, any othem should be required to strengthen the cast of pieces performed on alternate days, theywould in addition to their fixed salary receive a stipulated sum per diem, on the principleof the French theatre, known therein as their " feu " j and it is also suggested that themembers should have a beneficial interest in the succcess of the institution by a distributionamongst them of one-third of any profits resulting from It in the shape of a percentageaccording to the annual amount of their fixed salary; the other two-thirds being appro- priated, one to a fund to be called the directors' fund, to provide for casualties or extra- neous expenses, and the other to the formation of a fund for the gradual paying-off of thesubscribing proprietors, with a view to eventually transferring the entire property of thetheatre to the members for their sole use and benefit. &amp; &amp;It is unnecessary here to enter into details affecting minor thongh not less importantarrangements, as they must depend upon the adoption or modification of the above pro- gramme, which is respectfully submitted to the provisional committee, which has beenalready formed, and to all well-wishers to the movement. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; The objects. AnnualSubscriptions The expense. The Direction. &amp; The perfor- mance. Use of Funds. Salaries, JP &amp;o m epropositions. (1) This pamphlet, which we believe will be of interest to our readers in view of the proposed establishment of an English NationalTheatre, was published in 1879. DECORATION ON THE STAGE. A. W. Schlegel. Dramatic Art and Literature. Qur system of decoration was properly invented for the opera, to which it is also in realitybest adapted, It has several unavoidable defects; others which certainly may be, butseldom are avoided.Among the inevitable defects I reckon the breaking of the lines in the side scenes fromevery point of view except one ; the disproportion between the size of the player when heappears in the background, and the objects as diminished in the perspective; the unfa*vourable lighting from below and behind; the contrast between the painted and the actuallights and shades; the impossibility of narrowing the stage at pleasure, so that the insideof a palace and a hut have the same length and breadth, etc.The errors which may be avoided are, want of simplicity and of great and reposingmasses; overloading the scenery with superfluous and distracting objects, either from thepainter being desirous of showing his strength in perspective, or not knowing how other*wise to fill up the space; an architecture full of mannerism, often altogether unconnected,nay, even at variance with possibility, coloured in a motley manner which resembles nospecies of stone in the world.Most scene»painters owe their success entirely to the spectator's ignorance of the artsof design; I have often seen a whole pit enchanted with a decoration from which the eyeof skill must have turned away with disgust, and in whose place a plain green wall wouldhave been infinitely better. A vitiated taste for splendour of decoration and magnificenceof dress, has rendered the arrangement of the theatre a complicated and expensive business,whence it frequently happens that the main requisites, good pieces and good players, areconsidered as secondary matters; but this is an inconvenience which it is here unnecessaryto mention, &amp; &amp; ON THE USE OF MASKS. A. W. Schlegel. Dramatic Art and Literature. tragical imitation of the ancients was altogether ideal and rythmical; and in forminga judgement of It, we must always keep this in view. It was ideal, in so far as it aimedat the highest grace and dignity; and rythmical, insomuch as the gestures and inflectionsof voice were more solemnly measured than in real life.As the statuary of the Greeks, setting out, with almost scientific strictness, with themost general conception, sought to embody it again in various general characters whichwere gradually invested with the charms of life, so that the individual was the last thingto which they descended ; in like manner in the mimetic art, they began with the idea(the delineation of persons with heroical grandeur, more than human dignity, and idealbeauty,) then passed to character, and made passion the last of all; which, in the collisionwith the requisitions of either of the others, was forced to give way.&amp; Fidelity of representation was less their object than beauty; with us it is exactly thereverse. On this principle, the use of masks, which appears astonishing to us, was not onlyjustifiable, but absolutely essential; far from considering them as a makeshift, the Greekswould certainly, and with justice too, have looked upon it as a makeshift to be obligedto allow a player with vulgar, ignoble, or strongly marked features, to represent an Apolloor a Hercules; nay, rather they would have deemed it downright profanation. &amp; &amp; THE ART OF THETHEATRE. The SecondDialogue, by Gordon Craig. A DESIGN FOR A SCENE FOR "HAMLET". by GORDON CRAIG. A PLAYGOER AND A STAGEDIRECTOR ARE CONVERSINGPLAYGOER&amp; I am glad to see you again after so longan absence. Where have you been ?STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; Abroad. &amp; &amp;PLAYGOER&amp; What have you been doing all this time ?STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; Hunting.PLAYGOERHave you turned sportsman, then ?STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; I have; it keeps one in good health. Itexercises all the muscles. I shall do betterwork when I recommence.PLAYGOER&amp; Tell me about it all, • • where you havebeen hunting and what you have bagged.STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; I have bagged nothing, for the beast thathas occupied me is not caught like a rabbitor a hare and is far more wary than a fox.Besides, the sport is not in the kill; thesport lies in the difficulties which must besurmounted to get at the beast, and thereis no danger at all after you have foundhim. I have been hunting the monster of aFable. &amp; jg? &amp;PLAYGOERWhich one ? The Chimsera, the Hydra orthe Hippo-griff ? STAGE DIRECTORAH of them in one. They are thecomposite parts of an absurd monster calledThe Theatrical, (i) and I have tracked thisterrible creature into its thousand and onecaverns and conquered him. &amp;PLAYGOER&amp; You have destroyed him ? &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; Yes,... I have made friends with him.(1) See The Mask, October, 1909, Note on page 91. PLAYGOERWas there any need for you to have goneabroad to do this simple piece of byeplay ?STAGE DIRECTORCertainly, for it was only abroad that Ifound out the poor thing's weak spots. I wasreally a little frightened at his roar in Eng- land and the reports of his cave and itscollection of dry skulls were certainly mostterrifying. But when I got abroad I beganto hunt cautiously and found him one daydancing, another day making imitations ofme, and the third day he invited me intohis cave. &amp;&amp; Naturally I accepted the invitation andtook bearings. I can now bring him downwhen I will.. . only the poor dear wouldnever forgive me and I should never forgivemyself.PLAYGOERI don't know what you are talking aboutbut I suppose its all right. It would amuseme much better if you would stay at homeand produce a few plays instead of wande- ring about Europe pretending to hunt. STAGE DIRECTORBut why didn't you say so years ago ?I should never have dreamed of foreignlands if you had but signified your desirefor me to stay at home. One must live " asyour Dramatic Critic of the " Times" saidto the Censor Committee, •. • one cannotmerely exist on the spoils of other people'swars; and so I took to sport and have notknown a day's disillusion since.PLAYGOER&amp; And I have never before felt so disil- lusioned. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTORWhy what is the matter with you ? £?PLAYGOERI hate the Theatre. &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTORCome now, you exaggerate; you used tolove it. I remember you once asked me all sorts of questions about the Art of the Thea- tre and we had no end of a talk.PLAYGOERI hate it now ... I never go inside aTheatre now, and the reports, paragraphs,announcements and interviews make melaugh.STAGE DIRECTORWhy is that? &amp; &amp; &amp;PLAYGOER&amp; That is what I-want to know. &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTOROh, you want me to be your doctor. Youare hungry for the Theatre and you can'tswallow it as it is; you want a cure. Well,I can't cure you for I cannot alter the Thea- tre in a day or during your lifetime, but ifyou would like to know what your old lovethe Theatre is going to be one day I willtell you.PLAYGOER&amp; You told me that a long time ago andthat has only helped to make me discon- tented. &amp;STAGE DIRECTORThat is what I hoped; but now if youwill only be patient I believe 1 can do some- thing else. £&gt; &amp;PLAYGOERDon't tell me anything more about theArt, or the Temples which are to contain theArt, or how its three component parts areAction, Scene and Voice, for all that is moreawful to me than your Chimsera Hippo griffmonster seemed to you; it is all so enormous,too enormous, and impossible. I must be 6000years old before it comes, and I must changeall my beliefs and customs,... so say nothingmore about that, I beg of you. &amp;STAGE DIRECTORAgreed. Not a word on that awful subjectshall pass my lips.... till you permit it. PLAYGOERI feel better already. I don't know howit is, but whenever I see you coming anawful dread seizes me; my teeth chatter,my eyes dilate, my hope leaves me. " Willhe begin?" I think; "will he start tellingme about the Art of the Theatre of theFuture?"^&amp; You see, it isn't that I don't believe everyword you say about it all; what chokes meis to see you taking it all so quietly. 1 woulddo much to assist in the realisation of yourdream but I see no where to begin, and youseem to believe that, when you have told me your Idea, it has been realised,... you leaveno one anything else to do.STAGE DIRECTORThat is not my intention. &amp;PLAYGOER&amp; May be not, but that is the impressionyou leave with me.STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; I can only apologize,. .. and now that Ihave promised not to touch on the Art ofthe Theatre I propose to amuse you withthe affairs of the Theatre. Tonight you willbuy two stalls for a musical comedy. &amp;PLAYGOER&amp; I have not been inside a theatre for twoyears; that was due to your last talk withme, and now you propose to talk me roundagain into the Gaiety. &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTORYes, that is it. The Gaiety Theatre, twostalls, third row, near the end of the row.Now to begin, . . . and try and not inter- rupt me until I have done. Some years ago I told you about someGiant's work; we talked about the Theatreand the proportion of my suggestions stag- gered you. I showed you too much. Sincethen I have shown more. All this has dis- heartened you. Now I shall show you less,. . .also the very least. You shall have no com- plaint to make against me. When I spoke toyou before it was as Artist, and Artists havethe same stuff in them as aviators, . . . theycan fly. But now I come to earth and shalltalk to you like an ordinary stage managerwho is less of an artist than an adminis- trator, ... in short, even at the risk of boring agood friend, I shall speak practically to you.You love the Theatre. The fact of yournot going inside one for a couple of yearsproves it. You had a new ideal and you neverfound it realized there. The ideal to be rea- lized needed Artists,. .. there were none inthe Theatre. You love the Theatre still; yeuwould give your head for some good reasonfor going there again, and I am going togive you a reason. It needs you. PLAYGOER&amp; May be: but it no longer interests me. Icannot give my reasons without giving of- fence to many of those who have formerlygiven me much pleasure. &amp; &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTORFor instance? &amp;&amp;£&gt;£?PLAYGOERWell, I if call the actor at the Lyceum theatrical he will be offended; if I find theproduction at the Elysium vulgar I offend theproducer whom 1 know personally. Besides,however much I may protest, the actor andthe producer are unable to change theirmethods. I can neither applaud as formerly norprotest as I do to you, and owing to this I am,as 1 tell you, entirely without interest. STAGE DIRECTORIf the cause of your discontent could beremoved your interest would revive? &amp;PLAYGOERImmediately. &amp; &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTORTell me, at what are you dissatisfied? Iam neither the actor nor the producer.PLAYGOER&amp; No; but to express it definitely at allwould make me feel like a traitor to all Ionce loved. &amp;STAGE DIRECTORAh, then it is you that have changed,...not the theatres.PLAYGOERPerhaps, perhaps.STAGE DIRECTORAnd you have developed your sense ofwhat is beautiful. Is it possible then that I seebefore me the Ideal spectator in person? ....that you have become one of that audiencewhich London has been for so long trying to" educate" &amp; &amp; &amp; PLAYGOER&amp; No, not that; not so ideal as all that; butit does seem to me that you are right. I havedeveloped. The plays and the players cannothave altered so enormously in two years,whereas one's outlook may have changedentirely. &amp; &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; And now to you everything on the stagelooks as "weary, stale, flat and unprofitable"as the world did to Hamlet. But be practical,1 beg of you. Look at the matter sensibly.You admit that the stage has not altered,that it is yourself only that has undergonea change. Good, then;... undergo another.I do not mean change back again, but changeforward. &amp;PLAYGOERExplain to me what you mean. &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; You have looked at the Theatre from twopoints of view; ascend to a third and betterpoint of view and see what you shall see. PLAYGOER-0 That interests me. &amp;STAGE DIRECTORFollow me then. At present your interestin the Theatre is on a small scale, somethinglike the interest every Englishman takes inhis country. You are in the position of a manwho dislikes the present government, thatis all. The Theatre as Institution is compo- sed of as many Parties as are the Houses ofParliament. We have the equivalent of the Con- servatives, Liberals, Progressives, Radicals, So- cialists, the Labour Party, and even Suffraget- tes are an established part of our Institution.These parties take themselves all veryseriously and that does no harm. But aboveand beyond all parties there are the Impe- rialists, .... let us call them by this name,at any rate, Idealists. An Imperialist is anIdealist. You once belonged to some Theatricalparty or other. Let us say you were a Conserva- tive. You thought little about the real Conser- vatism but you called yourself a Conservativeand soon you began to weary of the methods ofyour leaders. You naturally don't wish to bea turncoat, and you are thrown into a stateof despondency not knowing what to doPLAYGOER&amp; Well, I can't veer round and become oneof the opposite party, can I?STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; Certainly not. You cannot honourably be- come a member of any other party. You cannotcourt a second disillusion. But there is nothingin the way of your becoming an Imperialist.Bear in mind that I use this word to express thehighest ideal, and though I am quite uncertainwhat the term implies to you; but will you beso good as to accept it (for want of a better,)as the best name I can apply to that uni- versal party, or brotherhood, which is compo- sed of people holding or tolerating manydifferent, and opposite, views. &amp;PLAYGOERWell then, I am to become an Imperialist.Tell me how to do it.STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; My dear fellow, you already look your- self again. You are becoming positivelyinterested. We had better go and look forthose seats at the Gaiety at once. PLAYGOERNo, stay here and go on talking. Tell mehow to become an Imperialist. &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTORjp Well, you shall book stalls for " Twelfth Night" at His Majesty's Theatre, a bench forthe Elizabethan Stage Society's productionof " Samson Agonistes upper circle for SirArthur Pinero's last play at St James andgo to the Pit at the Court Theatre to seeJohn Bull' s other Island Tonight tothe Gaiety, tomorrow to hear Bach's PassionMusic Drama at St Paul's, the next eveningto the Empire and in the afternoon to theCinematograph in Oxford Street. Neither mustyou omit to go to visit the suburbs to see ourgreat actress as " Portia " nor fail to attendone of the British Empire ShakespeareSociety's performances. You can do all this inten evenings and in the daytime if you havethe time you could attend one of Mr HenryArthur Jones' lectures on the Drama, ameeting of the Actors' Association if youcan get an invitation, and a rehearsal of aDrury Lane Drama. In short, see the worstand best of everything; see all sides of thiswork and I promise you that you will beginto love the Theatre once more. &amp;PLAYGOERGoodbye. I knew you could not help me.I knew you would tell me to do all this. Why,man, I did all this two years ago. £&gt; &amp;STAGE DIRECTORYou are in a bad state indeed.PLAYGOER&amp; Yes, but do you not see it is all throughyou ? Some years ago you showed me avisionary picture of what the Theatre mightbecome with its blessed Temples and itsbeautiful Art and all the rest of it, and thaton the one hand and this modern Theatreon the other hand have been to me like deepsea and devil. I can relish neither so 1 avoidboth. &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTORCome abroad. I can show you a theatrein the north of Russia that will enchant you.PLAYGOER&amp; Why do you think so ?STAGE DIRECTORBecause without its being a Temple andall that you seem to dread so in my pro- gramme, it is the best ordered Theatre inEurope. It is an example of what systematicReform can do in a Theatre. &amp;&amp; Plays, actors, actresses, managers, sce- nery, footlights, lime lights, opera glasses,realism, all is there, just as in any othertheatre, with this difference; that it beatsall other theatres at their own game.&amp; There are two kinds of Theatre possible,. .. the natural and the artificial. The EuropeanTheatres are artificial, and this theatre in thenorth is also artificial since it makes useof the same artificial material as that used bythe Opera House in Paris or His Majesty's inLondon. The difference is in the use. Besidesthis their administration is different fromthat of other European Theatres. Men arethe administrators just the same as in England,and yet the results are different, for themen have remembered something which ouradministrators have never learned.PLAYGOERStop giving me any more vague notionsof this theatre and tell me in detail some- thing of its method. &amp; &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTORWith pleasure. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; This theatre is better than others both Inthe work of the stage and in the manner ofthe administration. &lt;£? &amp; &amp;PLAYGOER&amp; In what does the work of the stage differ?You say they do not use different materialfrom that employed by the other theatres?STAGE DIRECTORNo, the same. They use actors who painttheir faces, scenes painted on canvas andstretched upon wood, footlights and otherartificial lights, blank verse, phonographsand all the rest of it, but they make use ofthese things with taste. &amp; &amp; &amp;PLAYGOER&amp; But do none of the other European thea- tres do this ?STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; Other European theatres make only acasual study of this strange artificial materialand so they are unable to express with anydistinction, and the canvas and the paintappear as mere canvas and paint, thingswhich in themselves ase not interesting.PLAYGOERThen is there no other theatre wherethey use these things with taste ?STAGE DIRECTORNo. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;PLAYGOER&amp; I suppose the workers in the Russian thea- tre are able to use their material moretastefully because they have more technicalknowledge ? &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; Yes, though I don't understand why youask so obvious a question. What do youmean ? If instead of a casual study they give serious and thorough study to their mate- rial it stands to reason that their techniqueis more perfect.PLAYGOERBut consider the performances at theleading London theatres, for example. Is thereno techinque shown in the use of these ma- terials there ? &amp; &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; If this were so I should not have said no.But I will give you an instance of what Imean. Take for example, the matter of scenicmechanism.&amp; There are at least nine or ten professionalways of bringing a moon on to the stage. Weknow how the company of actors of MessrsBottom and Quince introduced their moon;we know how the sumptuous revival gentle- men manage it in England; we know howthe opera manages it, and we know howProfessor Herkomer manages it. All theseways differ in so far as one inventer has beenmore careless than another in studying theexact way in which the moon performs itspart. &amp;&amp; Now after the ten different ways havebeen carefully studied by the workers in theConstan theatre they will find six other ways,will reject five of them and adopt the sixthwhich will be the best. And this sixth way willfar exceed all other ways seen in Europe1 mean of course technically, for naturallyArt has nothing to do with the reproductionof moons on the stage, and Art is not whatwe are talking about here. But in every otherway this moon will be more like actuality thanany other moon which the theatre of Europehas seen for centuries. PLAYGOER&amp; How can you make such a statement? Youare not even half a century old. STAGE DIRECTORNo; but when a good idea has been foundin the theatre, especially a good idea forreproducing some effect in nature, it is neverforgotten. Those are the things by which thegreatest store is laid. Remember, I am notholding a brief for the Constan theatre in anyway except in the production of plays in whichthey desire to bring realistic effects, andI state that for the first time realistic effectsare actually produced, that there is no slipshodwork and no avoiding the difficulty by doingwhat " was done last time ". &amp; PLAYGOER&amp; You have only proved however that theyhave more independence and are freer Inrejecting traditional tricks; you have notproved to me that what they do is in bettertaste.STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; Well, I can but tell you it is more likenature. Would you say that to be like natureis in better taste or would you say that tobe like the theatre is in better taste?PLAYGOER&amp; Certainly to be like nature. STAGE DIRECTORVery well then, your question is answered.PLAYGOERBut how do the workers in this theatrearrive at this technical perfection which ena- bles them to use their material with such taste?STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; How do you arrive at a technical knowledgeof anything? &amp;PLAYGOER&amp; By study, of course; but are these theonly theatrical workers in all Europe whodo study? &amp; &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; I think we are speaking of technical per- fection ? Well then, you did not ask mewhether they had a superficial knowledge oftheir craft. There are plenty of people whostudy but who study badly. The Constan peo- ple study and experiment more carefully. &amp;PLAYGOERperhaps they have more talent ? STAGE DIRECTORPossibly. And, as you know, talent is athing which develops by study. &amp; &amp;PLAYGOERHave they anything at Constan in thenature of a school in which to study ? &amp;STAGE DIRECTORYes, their theatre is a school. They arein the theatre from morning till night allthe year round save for a few weeks holidayin the summer. In England you can go intoa theatre on many days in the year and findno one there except the carpenters and thestage director and a few other officials. In Con- stan the place is crowded all day and night,and if there is a rehearsal the students arethere to witness it, and not giggling andplaying the fool but watching every move- ment and listening to every word. &amp;PLAYGOERWho do you mean by the students? &amp; STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; Everybody. They are all students. Thereare the two directors to begin with; (thethird director occupies himself only withaffairs); and these two directors are as muchstudents as anyone else: they are studyingall the time. Then come the leading actorsand actresses. There are about twelve ofthese, each one as good as any star in Europe.But what am I saying ? Each one is a muchbetter actor or actress than the greateststars in Europe. Then there are about twentyfour actors and actresses of what are called" secondary parts ". Many of these are bril- liant enough to be included in the first ca- tegory only they have not served theirapprenticeship long enough. &amp;PLAYGOER&amp; What ? If an actor shows especial talent ishe not moved up to the first rank at once ?STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; No, certainly not. Not until he has gonethrough the same experience as the others,no matter how talented he may be. Then,besides these whom I have named, there arethe very young students. There are abouttwenty of these. They are most of them menand women from the universities, and thegirls are not chosen just because they lookpretty but, with the men, are selected fortheir capabilities. &amp; &amp; &amp;PLAYGOER&amp; Is this not so in other lands ? &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; Most certainly not. Half the girls on theEnglish stage are chosen because they lookpretty. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;PLAYGOER&amp; But an actress's looks are surely a matterof importance? &amp; £/STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; Yes, of great importance, and should formpart of her studies. It has never occurred tothe English actresses that it Is a part of theirwork, and a part which needs great talent andapplication, to make themselves look nice.Some of your most talented actresses in Eng- land are by no means what are called prettygirls. That Is to say, their features are far fromperfect, their complexions are not so fresh asthat of an Irish girl on the lakes, but they havethe talent by which they can make themselveslook this, or that, or the other. Just as it is apart of the actor's talent and study to be ableto make his face into a grotesque mask, so isit part of an actresses talent and study to make herself look beautiful when she wishes. Whenthis is fully realised, young ladies will ceaseputting their looks forward as a reason forobtaining an engagement, and the stagewill be less over-crowded and better filled.But now to return to the number ofworkers at Constan. We had got as far asthe students. Besides and below these arethe Probationers. &amp;PLAYGOERWho are they ? &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; They are young people who apply to beadmitted to the theatre as students. Theyare told that they must work for a certaintime,.... 1 believe one or two years .... in or- der to become candidates for the school. Thenafter an examination before the directors andstage managers and actors some of them areselected and put into the school. &amp; &amp;PLAYGOERWhat kind of examination do they undergo?STAGE DIRECTOREach candidate prepares a poem and a fablefor recitation. And the examination of thecandidates at this theatre proves conclusivelythat it is the directors of the theatre, andnot the Russians, that are so remarkable; forthese candidates are no different from anyother stage aspirants in regard to theirtalent for dramatic expression. They are dif- ferent from other students oniy in that theyare more educated than other theatricalaspirants, many of them having a considerableknowledge of literature, foreign languages,art and science.&amp; On passing their examination they are putinto the school, in which they work daily for aterm of years, and in the evenings they may berequired to fill those parts known asu walkingon parts". Thus while they are studying at theschool they are in the midst of the acting nearlyevery evening, and at the end of a few years it ispossible, or nearly certain, that they may beoffered a small engagement by the theatrein which they are working. So that here wehave, you see, a standing company of aboutone hundred.PLAYGOER&amp; What do you mean by a standing company?STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; The same as is meant by a standing army.PLAYGOER&amp; Then do not the actors leave to take bet- ter engagements?STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; No, for there can be no better engagement. To be a member of the Constan Art Theatreis the ambition of every actor in Russia.PLAYGOER&lt;£? Would a very talented actor fromanother theatre apply for membership in thiscompany? &amp; &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTORJZ? May be; but it would take him some timeto get into the particular atmosphere whichhas been created by this company, and inorder to do this he would possibly have totake very small parts to begin with.PLAYGOER&amp; Then the work there differs entirely fromthat in other theatres and any one enteringwould feel very much at sea? £?STAGE DIRECTORPrecisely. &amp; &amp; &amp;PLAYGOER&amp; Are all the students training to be actors ?STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; Yes. &amp; &amp;PLAYGOER&amp; Then, they do not train stage directors ?STAGE DIRECTORBefore you can be a stage director youmust have first been an actor. Their stagedirectors are only produced last of all. Afterthey have been several years acting it maybe that one or another will show some talentas stage manager. This talent is given an op- portunity for showing itself and developingitself in the following manner: At the end of each season the schoolperforms certain scenes from about ten ortwelve different plays. In 1909 among theplays which the students selected were thefollowing: " Elga " and "Hannele", by Haupt- mann; a play by Sudermann; " When wedead awaken " by Ibsen, " La Locandiera "by Goldoni, "La Citta Morta" by D'Annunzio," L' Avare " by Moliere and about three orfour plays by Russian authors. &amp;*£&gt; These scenes are in each case representedby different members of the school, and a dif- ferent stage manager is selected for each.The performance takes place in the afternoon.The relations of the students are invited,and the directors of the theatre togetherwith the company are also present, and theperformance affords an opportunity of reveal- ing any talent for stage management orfor acting which may be latent in the stu- dents. The talent displayed in 1909 was inmy opinion nothing short of remarkable.Each stage manager has at his disposal allthat the theatre has to offer him, though of course it is impossible to paint new scenes;still, he can show his talent by the use ofwhat is at hand.PLAYGOERYou spoke to me once long ago about anideal stage manager, a man who would com- bine all the talents, who had been actor, sceneand costume designer, who understood thelighting of the play, the formation of danceand the sense of rhythms; who could rehearsethe actors in their parts; who could, in short,with his own brain, finish that work whichthe poet, for all stage purposes, had left inan unfinished condition. Do you find any suchin Constan ?STAGE DIRECTORI find the nearest approach to such a man.There is very little that the Regisseurs therecannot do.PLAYGOERThere are many people who would say thatafter all there is nothing very different inthis theatre from other theatres exceptthe difference of its greater thoroughness.STAGE DIRECTORThen now I will try and show you whereinthe essential difference really lies. I have beenable so far to explain to you something of thesystem. I have tried to show you how superiorthe Russian method is to any other, but 1 stilldo not expect you to understand entirelywhat I mean, and 1 admit that it would beutterly impossible to explain the chief reasonof this theatre's superiority till you havecome into touch with the men who havetrained in the theatre and above all with themen who have trained them,.... the directors.There lies the secret, and it will be burledwith them. You would understand what 1have been telling you if you were to seethem, but even then you still could not laytheir secret bare to any practical advantage.PLAYGOERDo you who have seen them understandtheir secret? &amp; &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR1 understand it but I could not makeanyone else understand it for the reason thatit is one of those simple things which noamount of coaxing can create and no amountof antagonism can destroy and no amount ofexplanation explain. &amp; &amp;PLAYGOERAnd what is it? STAGE DIRECTORPassionate love for the theatre; and I cansay to you without any fear of being thought profane, " greater love hath no man thanthis, that a man lay down his life for his work.PLAYGOERBut do they not love the stage in this wayIn the other theatres? &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; No, they do not; they do not. There areother things for which they would far soonergive their lives before their work;... forsocial success, financial success. They are onlywilling to devote their lives if they can geteither of these things in exchange. In Constanthey have but one desire, that is, to do thebest work. Do you think I am severe uponthe other theatres ? &amp; &amp;I am not. I am prepared to tell any theatrewhat it is working for and to point out thedifference between its aim and that of theConstan theatre. I call to mind the best thea- tres in Europe and 1 see clearly what it isthey want. It Is quite possible that there aremany theatres unknown to me, and that inthose theatres there are men to whom I doa great Injustice by seeming to include themin this accusation; but I speak only of thosetheatres known to me. They are supposed tobe the first theatres in Europe. In my opinionthey are the very last. Yet It would be quitepossible for the other theatres to be as goodas the Constan Art Theatre, that is to say, inthe first line, by merely being possessed ofthe same passionate love for their art.And now to tell you a few things aboutthe Administration. &amp; &amp;P L A Y G O ERThat Is what 1 want to hear about. &amp;STAGE DIRECTORTo begin with, the Administration is inthe hands of a board of directors. There isthe president, five members of the board andthe secretary, and five out of these sevenare artists. The capital is vested in a stockcompany composed of merchants of the cityof Constan, and, like other stock companies,the money and affairs are administered by aboard of directors. &amp; &amp; &amp;PLAYGOER&amp; Then so far it does not differ from othertheatres? &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTORNo? Is it usual then for artists to be inthe majority on the board of directors ? 1 thinkyou have overlooked this. But now tell mesomething. I am a man entirely innocent ofbusiness. Supposing 1 had found people tohave enough faith in me to put down fifty thousand pounds to establish an art theatreIn England, what would be the feelingexhibited on the last day of the year whenthe report was read out to the shareholdersshowing that there was not a penny ofdividend? &amp; JS&gt;PLAYGOERThe share holders would examine the books,and, having found that the expenses exceededthe income, they would probably change themanagement and advise the production ofmore popular pieces which would bring moremoney into the box office. &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTORWhy would they do this? &amp;PLAYGOER&amp; Because they put their money into thetheatre with the idea of making more by it.STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; Suppose you were yourself a shareholderand I were to point out to you that thisthing could not possibly pay for one, two oreven three years, what would you say, know- ing that there had been a deficit on the firstyear ? &amp; &amp;PLAYGOERI should want to examine the situationvery thoroughly. &amp;STAGE DIRECTOROh, then, you would not entirely backout of it ? &amp; £&gt; &amp; &amp;PLAYGOER1 should look into the matter thoroughlyfirst.STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; 1 should fake it then that you had becomea share holder because you were interestednot only in the making of money but in thework itself ? &amp; &amp; &amp;PLAYGOERYes; but as I am a business man my pri- mary object would be to make money.STAGE DIRECTORWould you think that it would be apractical move on your part to go on sup- porting such a theatre if it paid no dividendfor the first three, four or five years? &amp;PLAYGOERNo, I should not. &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; Well then, explain to me as a businessman how it is that there have been businessmen found in the town of Constan who arecontent to wait for ten years to see thefirst return for theii money ? &amp;PLAYGOERIt is inexplicable to me. But 1 suppose that the making of money must to themhave been a secondary consideration to thefurthering of art. And really, if I were anextremely wealthy man myself 1 should lookon that as a luxury or a hobby and one whichI could take pride in being connected with.STAGE DIRECTORWell, you told me you were losing yourinterest in the drama, and you are a wealthyman. Here is a way to revive your interest.Connect yourself with such a theatre. Youwill remember that 1 told you a little timeago that the theatre needed you. I now seethe more clearly that you are the very manit needs. But first of all let us see whether,should you take such a charming step, youmight not gain in every way without losingyour money. Let us return to the theatre atConstan and see what happened there.PLAYGOERYes. But tell me one thing. When was thefirst dividend declared ? &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR£? At the end of ten years. &amp;PLAYGOER&amp; But that might happen in any theatre; itsounds bad business, but is not peculiar toany particular enterprise.STAGE DIRECTORYes, but the fact that after ten years wefind the original list of shareholders unchan- ged, and not only unchanged but increased,is rather unusual, is it not; and certainlymost encouraging. Do you not find it so ?PLAYGOERYes, both encouraging and "inspiring. 1really do think that what you tell me is quitesplendid. But could it be done anywhere else ?STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; Have you any good reason for thinkingthat it could not be done? JZ?PLAYGOERThe fact that like propositions have failedin England. jg?STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; Has the test ever been made ? &amp;PLAYGOERProbably not, for I doubt if any body ofsuch men as you describe as forming theConstan stock company could be found inEngland. &amp;STAGE DIRECTORThen hath not an Englishman eyes, hathhands not an Englishman organs, dimensions,senses, passions " affections ? Surely youmust be wrong in what you say? &amp; PLAYGOERI think not; because the drama in Englandand also in America has become merely anothercommercial means for the making of money.STAGE DIRECTORSo it is all over Russia,.... all over Europe.But if you can find thirty or forty such men inRussia you can surely find thirty or forty inEngland. Besides, think, what is the NewTheatre in New York but such a theatre? Doyou think that its founders want to see areturn for their money in the first two years ?PLAYGOERThey might wait for two or three yearsbefore receiving a dividend, but they are notlikely to wait for ten, although 1 do not thinkthat the making of money is their primaryobject.STAGE DIRECTORWell then, why do you think these mil- lionaires have put their money into this*theatre ?PLAYGOERBecause I think they have been broughtto a realisation that something has got to bedone for the drama in America, and beingmen in a leading position they feel they areexpected to do it. &amp;STAGE DIRECTORAnd if at the end of, let us say, five years,the public agrees that the work being donein the theatre is perfect yet the directorsknow that there has been no profit, will theycontinue to support it or will they say thatthe work is less perfect because the theatrehas failed to return a dividend ? &amp;PLAYGOER&amp; If they realised that the public was satis- fied they would continue. But tell me, if thepublic was satisfied would not that mean thatthe theatre had been full every evening ?STAGE DIRECTORNot exactly, though it might mean thatit had been very fairly full every evening.But you must not forget that the expensesof running such a theatre are very great. TheConstan Art Theatre for Instance had verynearly full houses for nearly ten years, butIts Expenses exceeded its income. &amp;PLAYGOER&amp;Do you not call that bad business ? &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR1 cannot give an opinion upon business.But let me put it to you more clearly, anddo you then decide. This Russian theatre hashad full houses, it has produced plays which the public has said are perfect; it is the firsttheatre in the land; it has done what it setout to do. Do you not call that good business?PLAYGOERYes, I do. &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; Would you call it good business to havebuilt up a reputation which is second to nonein Eturope ? to be able to command a vastpublic and the enthusiastic support of staunchshareholders ? &amp;PLAYGOERYes, I suppose I should. &amp;STAGE DIRECTO R&amp; You would agree that the shareholdershave in their possession something by meansof which they can now realise what moneythey like ?PLAYGOER&amp; How can they do so ? STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; By building a second theatre, a largetheatre, and by touring round the world. PLAYGOERWhere is the money coming from whenyou say that they have only just begun torealise a slight dividend ?STAGE DIRECTORIt will be found. When you ask me to sayhow, why I can only refer you to the workof the last ten years. Nothing daunted theworkers in this theatre or seemed to deterthem from doing what they wanted to do.They will build this theatre, they will con- tinue to give the public the best works Inthe best way and they will set an exampleto the rest of Europe.PLAYGOERRather a costly example! &amp;STAGE DIRECTORNot so costly when you think of it for a mo- ment. It is the belief in Europe that the Rus- slans are composed of people less interestedin art than anyone else. In this their repu- tation resembles that of the English. Thereis a general idea also that they are a kindof savage race, and by making this demon- stration through the artistic theatre theyhave shown clearly that they are nothing ofthe kind. In a way this is really a nationaltheatre in the best sense of the word, forthe shareholders have the interests of theirnation at heart. This theatre as I have saidwill no doubt visit the centres of Europe,and at each visit the refinement and cultureand courage of Russia will be made manifest. In short, it is a very clever commercial strokeon a very large scale, and English mencould do worse than follow their lead. Moneythat has been sunk in this theatre is notwasted money and we shall shortly see thefruits oi it. Don't you think that is so ?PLAYGOER&lt;£? Yes I think so; but looking at it in thatlight it takes it right away from the com- mercial theatre.STAGE DIRECTORWhy of course it does. I was speaking ofthe theatre as an asset of the nation.PLAYGOERYes. Well, we are going to have a Natio- nal Theatre in England. &amp;STAGE DIRECTORNot at all. We are going to have a Soci- ety theatre. That in my opinion is very muchwhat the New Theatre in America is.... aSociety theatre. Now nobody wants a Societytheatre, least of all the ladies and gentlemenwho are obliged to go and sit in their boxesand stalls while they are bored to death bythe dull performances which take place on thestage. Such society theatres bore and im- poverish every city of Europe. There is theOpera in Paris, the Schauspielhaus in Berlin,in Munich, in Vienna. They are not NationalTheatres in the real sense of the word. Themen who will make a National Theatre inEngland are the same kind of men as thosewho have made this theatre in Russia. If theyare to be expensive they must not be a bore,these theatres. The proposed " National " the- atre for London is national in name only. Ithas no programme and yet it asks forsubscriptions on the strength of one. The com- mittee may force subscriptions, but no amountof forcing can raise the wits,... and it iswits and taste that we want in our theatre.Now the Russians commence founding theirNational theatre by first founding an Artistictheatre and testing its honesty of purpose forten years. Which of these strikes you as thebetter method of obtaining a finely organisedNational theatre,... the English or theRussian ? Which is the most economic,the most regular? which seems to you therightest? In short, if you had a Theatrewhich method would you yourself employ?PLAYGOER£? The Russian method .... if I had the typeof men and the same point of view. &amp;STAGE DIRECTORTheir point of view differs very slightly from that of any of the English manage- ments, for we must believe the Englishmanagers when they assure us that their aimis to do the best possible work. Perhaps themen are of a different strain. But you couldfind as clever and as enthusiastic fellows overhere, and if there Is less sympathetic under- standing of each other's wishes there is moresense of discipline in Englishmen. j®PLAYGOERThen a theatre such as the Constan ArtTheatre could be founded here? j® j®STAGE DIRECTORj® A theatre, yes; and two or three suchtheatres. j® j® j® j®PLAYGOERThat would indeed be an excellent thing.STAGE DIRECTORs® And is it not practical? j® j®PLAYGOERs® 1 should say absolutely practical. j®STAGE DIRECTORj® Ah, how quick you are to see it and toacquiesce now that it has been DONE! If Iwere to say that what I had been tellingyou was but an Idea of mine, which I believedIn entirely, would that convince you asto its practicality ? You are one of the dea- rest good fellows, but, by Jove, when you areasked to believe in that which does not yetexist you are as coy about the whole thingas though you were a woman. j® j®&amp; The Constan Art Theatre has been in exis- tence for over ten years so you believe init and cry out that it is Absolutely Practical.PLAYGOERj® Well but, isn't it? and how can you askanyone in his senses to believe in a schemewhich has not been tried ? j® j®STAGE DIRECTORj® Caution is never bad; it is the Englishhabit of being over cautious that blights somany many spirited ideas which only needthe right support to bring them into theplane of actuality. And it is not only inwitholding monetary support that Englishmenare over-cautious: it is their moral supportwhich is so often absent, which implies thatin such matters they are sometimes verymuch lacking In moral courage, j® j®j® And now tell me again, do you find theRussian method perfectly practical? j®PLAYGOER&amp; Yes, 1 think it is perfectly practical, j®STAGE DIRECTOR4® And if I should say that though it is a very practical method of carrying on a modernTheatre, which has to open its doors to thepublic night after night, there is even a morepractical method of pursuing the study of theArt of the Theatre, what would you say?PLAYGOERj® I should say but explain morefully what you mean. j® &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; I mean this. The object of all Ideal Thea- tres ... and their directors.... is to excelin the Art which it is their privilege to serve.They must be unceasing in the pursuit of theIdeal, they must ever aim to go beyond, andtherefore they must be very very far-sighted.Am I right? j® j® j® j®PLAYGOERj® 1 suppose you are. Are the directors atConstan not far-sighted ? j® j®STAGE DIRECTORj® Very far sighted where their theatre isconcerned, less so where the art is concerned.They have to keep their theatre open nightafter night; it is one of the difficulties iwithwhich they are always contending. If theycould close their theatre for five yearsand spend that time in making nothing butexperiments they would have more time forthe pursuit of the Ideal, which we have putdown as being the object of all Ideal theatres.PLAYGOERj® To close such a theatre for five yearswould be a very serious step to take. j®STAGE DIRECTORj® Very serious; just so serious as the occasiondemands. Most theatres in Europe might beclosed indefinitely all the year round for fiftyyears and make experiments all the timewithout any valuable results, but this theatrein Constan is the exception and it might justdiscover the heart of the mystery by so doing.And 1 think we should be just so far sightedas to see how serious is the present positionof the theatre. j® j® j® j®PLAYGOERj® But no one can see further than the vanish- ing point at any time, and I presume thatpoint to be the limit which you set to thesight of any director,... it is the furthesthe can see. j® j® j® j®STAGE DIRECTORj® Perfectly correct; but remember witheach advancing step the position of the va- nishing point alters and we are thus enabledcontinually to see further than before. 4® PLAYGOERThat is true. &amp; &amp; &lt;&lt;&amp;STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; Therefore an Art Director of a Theatrewho strives to surpass his last achievementwill keep his eyes fixed upon this vanishingpoint on the horizon and will thereby beenabled continually to achieve his ever fixedbut ever-changing desire to advance, no mat=ter how slowly he may do so. Do youagree with me? &amp;PLAYGOER1 do. STAGE DIRECTORWhat then is practical to him? £?PLAYGOERAll that lies before him and all that hecan see.STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; And if he advance five steps he will seeless than should he advance a hundred steps.PLAYGOER&amp; Yes, certainly, twenty times less.STAGE DIRECTORAnd if he advance five hundred steps hewill see a hundred times more than if he ad»vance but five steps?PLAYGOERYes, there is no doubt about it. &amp;STAGE DIRECTORAnd he will therefore be able to achievea hundred degrees more than by advancingfive steps and seeing five degrees further?PLAYGOERThat is true.STAGE DIRECTORThen practically speaking there Is no limitto his achievements provided he can only seefar enough ahead; and in order to see veryfar he must have advanced almost as far ashe can see. They say that Art is long andlife is short. Do you believe then that thereis much time to spare in delays or wouldyou advise those who are searching forwardsto advance without hesitation? &amp;PLAYGOERThe latter,.... but with caution.STAGE DIRECTORYes, with caution and deliberation; butyou will remember that we proved that itwas entirely safe for a man to advance pro- vided he went towards that which was visi- ble to him. Now we must see which is thebest method of reaching a spot which is vi- sible to us. Do you think it is by goingbackwards? &amp; &amp; &amp; PLAYGOERCertainly not. How could it be? &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; Or by going sideways, perhaps?PLAYGOERNo, of course not. &amp;STAGE DIRECTOROr moving in a circle, for caution's sake?PLAYGOERNo. None of these ways would serve. &amp;STAGE DIRECTORWhy not? &amp; &amp;PLAYGOER£&gt; Why, they would be absurd. When youhave seen something the best way to reach itis to go straight towards it. &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTORHas this method ever been put intopractise with success ? &amp; &amp;PLAYGOERYes. Nearly always. &amp;STAGE DIRECTORIn a hundred cases how often would yousay it has been successful?PLAYGOER&amp; I should say in ninety cases out of ahundred. &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR1 should think you are right and shouldmyself be inclined to say that a man canreach that which he can see in ninety ninecases out of a hundred by going straighttowards the object. The hundredth time Iwaive the right as acknowledgement to theGoddess Fortuna. It is also reasonable to sup- pose that by doing so he will, as we havesaid, save much time.PLAYGOERThat is also true; but may 1 beg you totell me what this has to do with the theatre ?STAGE DIRECTORI must ask you to follow me back to thatpoint, the Theatre, a point which you haveperceived, in a straight line and without anydelay. Will you tell me whether the eyes aregenerally used for seeing with? £?PLAYGOER&amp; Why yes, of course they are. JZ/ &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; And would you say that in order to seeit is more practical to open the eyes thanto close them? JZ? &amp;PLAYGOER&amp; The former seems to be more sensible.STAGE DIRECTORYou do not answer my question. Is it also practical? j® j® j® j®PLAYGOERIt is. J® j® j® J® J®STAGE DIRECTORj® And would you say that to look in thedirection where you have seen something awhile ago is to stand a good chance of seeingit again ? would you say that it is practical?PLAYGOERI should. j® j® j® &amp;STAGE DIRECTORj® And on arriving at the spot seen, andseeing further on a second spot, would it bepractical to advance further in the samedirection so as to reach it? &amp;PLAYGOERIt would. j® j®STAGE DIRECTORVery well then; you have told me whatI always suspected to be the truth. You havesaid that an artist with imagination is jus- tified, and entirely practical, in advancingtowards that which he has once seen in hisimagination. Therefore, my dear fellow, youhave only now to tell me one thing more.PLAYGOERj® What is that? j® j®STAGE DIRECTORYou must tell me whether it is possiblefor all people to see the same thing. j®PLAYGOER&lt;t® It is very unlikely. j® j®STAGE DIRECTORs® Therefore if I have seen something it isquite possible that there are many peoplewho have not seen the same thing; and ifit has interested me it is quite likely thatothers will be curious to see it also? j®PLAYGOERj® It generally is so with people. j®STAGE DIRECTORYou, for instance? j® j®PLAYGOERj® Yes. &amp; j® j® j®STAGE DIRECTORj® Do you think I may be allowed to showit to you if I am able to do so ? j® j®PLAYGOERCertainly you may. j® j® &amp;STAGE DIRECTORIf I do not show it to you you may neversee it, so practically speaking until I show youit may be said to belong to me? &amp; j®PLAYGOERWe may admit so much. j® &amp; STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; It belongs to me, then; and as it is notlikely that I should desire to show you some- thing which belongs to me in a damagedcondition 1 must be very careful of themethod I employ to transfer it from its si- tuation to your presence. 1 must be prac- tical ? &amp; jz?„ P JL A Y G O E R&amp; Yes, your method must be essentiallypractical if you wish to avoid all accidents.STAGE DIRECTORJ® And by practical you mean .. . what ? 4®PLAYGOERThe meaning of the word practical isthat which is possible of accomplishment.STAGE DIRECTOR£/ You are right. And is there but one wayof accomplishing everything? j®PLAYGOERj® No, there is generally more than one way.Why do you ask ? j® j® j® j®STAGE DIRECTORj® You must forgive me for the assumption,but my intention was to ascertain whetheryou confused the phrase "the practical way"with another phrase, " the usual way", orwith a third, the " matter of fact way j®PLAYGOER&lt;£? Most certainly not. j® j®STAGE DIRECTORj® Again forgive me; but to confuse themeaning of the word practical has becomeso usual lately, especially when speaking ofthe theatre. Let us proceed. 1 was sayingthat if I had something which belonged tome and wanted to show it to you 1 musttake great care, if I wished to bring it toyou without in any way damaging it. j®PLAYGOERj® Yes. j® j® j® j® j®STAGE DIRECTORj® Of course we admit the supposition thatI cannot take you to see it, and there aresome things which are so situated. The NorthPole, for instance; or an Idea,., and to allintents and purposes the North Pole is no- thing more nor less than an Idea. If I tell you,for instance, that I have seen the North Poleyou are no more enlightened than if I toldyou I had seen Heaven. j®PLAYGOERTrue, j® j® &amp; j®STAGE DIRECTORWhereas if I tell you I have seen a churchsteeple you have something familiar to go upon from which you can construct an actua- lity. The North Pole, or an Idea, is somethingto which I cannot take you without consi- derable exertion on your part as well asmy own; but 1 can convey an Idea to youor a proof that the North Pole exists at acertain spot on the globe. But, as we agreed,it must be brought to you with great care.For instance, my proof of the existence ofthe North Pole must be made quite clear toyou, and though this will give you no exer- tion whatever, it will give me exactly doubleas much as if you had gone with me tosearch for those proofs. &amp;PLAYGOERHow is that ? &amp; &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTORYou will remember that we agreed thatthe mere telling you 1 have seen the NorthPole is not sufficient proof that 1 speak thetruth, whereas the mere telling you that 1have seen a church steeple is enough, (i)Now, what would be enough to prove toyou 1 had seen the North Pole ?PLAYGOERYou would have to prove before a groupof experts and scientists by means of certainobservations, etc.STAGE DIRECTORWould that prove the truth of my state- ment ? &amp; £&gt; &amp; £&gt;PLAYGOER&amp; 1 suppose so; it is the test they go upon.STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; And you, could I not prove it to you ? jg/PLAYGOERWell no; you see I should not be ableto understand you; my only chance of beingin sympathy with your tale would be to trustin the experts before whom you had laidyour proofs.STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; But would my tale have any interest foryou ? could you have sympathy with whatyou could not understand ?PLAYGOE Rjg/ Oh yes; yet it seems strange on thinkingabout it.STAGE DIRECTORNot so strange, and yet stranger than yousuppose. The strangest part of it all is thatman should be so lacking in natural instinctTo demand proof of all things great and small is always the sign ofthe little mind. But to demand p oof of great things only and to ac"cept the little is a sign of the smallest intellect. If demonstration isat all valuable it is entirely valuable. Is proof valueless ? The questionhas never been answered. and moral courage. If we h*d preservedboth, we would not ask for those actual proofsand we would believe and understand greattruths the more easily. Anyhow it is amusingas it is. Where we do not understand orbelieve, we become the children of those whocan both believe and understand .... thatis as it should be, being as it is.PLAYGOER&amp; May I ask you ... &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; But come, let us get on. To believe in theidea which I bring you (this North Pole Idea)you will rely upon the Judgment of the wisemen before whom I lay the proofs.&amp; Those proofs are our little difficulty. Inorder to take observations and soundings, inorder to bring back minerals, certain birds,plants, and such like things which will prove mystory I shall have to be very careful, verywell equipped and well assisted. To travelinto the unknown is to court disaster and$few set out without carefully organising theirequipment. Therefore ship, crew, instru- ments, all these things are selected only afterthe most cautious consideration. Neither toomuch nor too little of anything must betaken. On such a journey through an unknownland and one in which so-called natural con-*ditions so powerfully play the part of enemy,where nature seems to defy one to pluckout the heart of her mystery, everythingmust be done to anticipate all emergencies.Even when we have prepared everythingwith the greatest care accidents will stillthreaten the safety of our expedition. &amp;We shall need enough of everything andnot too much; therefore it is not a matterof money although enough money is certainlynecessary. &amp; £/ &amp;PLAYGOER&amp; But what has this to do with the Theatre?STAGE DIRECTORPatience for a little and you will see. &amp;&amp; We make these provisions after we havemade our plan. That is the most difficult partof the work, for once made we must followit to the end, while at the same time seizingthe fresh opportunities as they present them- selves. /&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;?&amp;&amp; Now that we are ready to start considerfor one instant what it is we are setting outto do. We are about to make a dangerousand very difficult expedition into the unknownto bring you back a few visible proofs ofthe known. We are not to bring back the Idea itself but only its fringe; for to returnfrom the unknown with the Idea itself wouldcertainly make you think we were mad,whereas to bring back hints of the Idea satisfiesyou as to our sanity. &amp; &amp;PLAYGOERWhat a strange paradox! &amp;STAGE DIRECTORJZ? Well, let us accept it; you want the prettylittle fringe; you shall have it, although it isthat fringe that costs so much to obtainwhich presents the whole difficulty. And nowfor the Theatre.... But first a request.PLAYGOERWhat is it? &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTORYou asked me not to speak any moreabout Temples or about the Art of the Thea- tre which I once told you was lost; which abeautiful poet well described to me as having44 Iain hid under the roots of the Pyramidsfor two thousand years, so solemn it is". Giveme leave to speak again of this.PLAYGOERWill you speak to some practical purpose?STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; Only so. JZ&gt; &amp; £&gt; &amp;PLAYGOERYou will not merely tell me what thisart once meant to us, and what it shouldmean again, but you will show me a prac- tical way of bringing it to us once more?^STAGE DIRECTORJZ? That is my intention. &amp;PLAYGOERYou will not propose to destroy all thepresent theatres of the world in order to dothis, for then I should not listen to you forit would be no longer a practical proposition.STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; No, I will not do so How delightedI am to hear you express the wish that thepresent Theatres shall in no way be injured!It shows me that your interest in them isreviving and that I have already nearly curedyou Remember, The Gaiety, 8 o'clock!PLAYGOER&amp; I have not forgotten, But now your prac- tical plan? &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTORMy proposal is to discover or rediscoverthe lost Art of the Theatre by a practicalexpedition; carried out swiftly and withoutunnecessary expense, into the realms whereit lies hidden. JZ? £&gt; JZ?PLAYGOERA good intention. And your method? STAGE DIRECTORThe very simplest. It is based upon themethods employed by Arctic explorers, (i)The discovery of this Art is the exact counter**part of the discovery of the North Pole.Both are situated In the same position,in the Unknown. We possess clues as to thewhereabouts of both; both are shrouded inmuch mystery, both realms are themselves, byall reports, the very home of mystery andbeauty. &amp; &amp; &amp;In preparing for our first expedition, (forwe expect to make several) we shall followthe method employed by Nansen. First weshall take time we shall take three orfour years to make our preparations, andthe scheme itself has already been in prepa- ration for over six years.&amp; So it was with Nansen* s project &amp; Let me read you an extract from his44 Furthest North" which I have just beenreading, relating to the plans and prepara- tions for his expedition in 1893: &amp;JZ? 44 If we turn our attention to the long44 list of former expeditions and to their" equipments, it cannot but strike us that44 scarcely a single vessel has been built spe- 44 cially for the purpose ... in fact, the majo- " rity of explorers have not even provided44 themselves with vessels which were origi- 44 ginally intended for ice navigation.44 This is the more surprising when we44 remember the sums of money that have been44 lavished on the equipment of some of these44 expeditions. The fact is, they have generally44 been in such a hurry to set out that there44 has been no time to devote to a more44 careful equipment. In many cases, indeed,44 preparations were not begun until a few44 months before the expedition sailed. The44 present expedition, however, could not be44 equipped in so short a time, and if the44 voyage itself took three years the prepara- 44 tions took no less time while the scheme44 was conceived thrice three years earlier.44 Plan after plan did Archer make of the44 projected ship; one model after another44 was prepared and abandoned. &amp;£/ 44 Fresh improvements were constantly44 being suggested. The form we finally adhe- 44 red to may seem to many people by no(1) Our attention having been drawn to the fact that this simile of anArctic expedition was employed by Mr Charles Frohman in an interviewwith the " New York Times " we take this opportunity of statingthat the present MSS was in our hands several months before thatinterview took place. " means beautiful, but that It Is well adapted"to the ends in view I think our expedition" has fully proved." &amp; &amp;jg? Here you see what long and careful pre- paration was made before the setting out ofthe expedition.PLAYGOERJZ? Yes, and also much money was needed,as I suppose it will be for your scheme ? &amp;STAGE DIRECTORCertainly we shall need support, financialas well as moral, and we shall get it. uS?PLAYGOERHow do you know this ? &amp;STAGE DIRECTORPatience a little; I shall come to thematter of expense in due time. When wehave our scheme well supported (and L. 5000.0.0a year guaranteed for five years will be allwe shall require,) we shall put the followingplan into action.We shall build and equip a college, fur- nishing it with what is necessary.It will have to contain two theatres, oneopen air and one roofed in. These two stages,closed and open, are necessary for our expe- riments, and on one or on the other, some- times on both, every theory shall be testedand records made of the results, jet j&amp;These records will be written, drawn,photographed or registered on the cinema- tograph or gramaphone for future reference,but they will not be made public and willbe only for the use of members of the college.Other instruments for the study of natu- ral sound and light will be purchased toge- ther with the instruments for producingthese artificially, and will lead us to thebetter knowledge of both sound and light,and also to the invention of yet better in- struments through which the purer beautyof both sound and light may be passed.&amp; In addition, instruments will be purcha- sed for the study of motion and some willbe especially invented for this purpose.To this equipment we shall add a prin- ting press, all kinds of carpenters tools, awell stocked library and all things pertainingto modern theatres. With these materialsand instruments we shall pursue the studyof the stage as it Is today with the intentionof finding out those weaknesses which havebrought it to Its present unfortunate condi- tion. We shall, in short, experiment uponthe body of the modern theatre in ourroofed-in theatre, (for you will remember we have two) exactly in the same way as stir®geons and their pupils experiment upon thebodies of dead men and animals. &amp;&amp; in selecting its method of administrationthe college will follow the ancient precedentof nature. It will consist of a head, a bodyand its members, the leader being selectedby Election. Those who are to compose theExecutive body are less difficult to decideon, as their task is undoubtedly less difficult.In all there will not be more than thirtymen in the college. There will be no women.So now are you clear as to these twopoints ? .... First, that we shall have a col- lege of experiment in which to study thethree natural sources of the art, Sound,Light and Motion, or, as I have spoken ofthem elsewhere, voice, scene, and action.Secondly, that we shall number In allthirty working men who shall singly andtogether pursue the study of the three sub*jects named and the other experiments totest the principles of the modern theatre. Isthat clear to you ?PLAYGOERIt is. But how does your actual workresemble that of an Arctic explorer ? STAGE DIRECTORIn this way. We shall have to select acentre from which search parties shall besent in different directions, our object beingto explore within reason any part of theTheatrical world which is unknown to us.We shall at the same time go over much oldground in the belief that it has never beenthoroughly examined. No great hopes areentertained of finding there anything ofgreat value but an examination is necessary.As soon as possible we shall push forwardin the direction of the unknown. Just assearch parties are sent in a certain directionwith instructions to sound and make obser- vations and then to return to the point [se- lected as a base, so will our investigatorspush forward their studies into certainregions from which, when they have fully- explored them and collected sufficient evi- dence, they will return to the point where theyhad seperated from us to make known theresult of their observations. &amp;If this work proceed as rapidly as we hopewe shall advance to a new position at whichto establish our base within the first year.On the other hand it may prove to be moredifficult, in which case we shall have to staywhere we are. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; Above all I wish to emphasize this point:that no change of base shall ever be madeuntil every one is fully assured of the prac- ticality of the next position. &lt;£?&lt;£&gt; You will understand that our reason forpushing forward our base is to facilitatecommunication in the event of our searchparties pushing far into the unknown. Bythis method, and with sufficient supplies,we can make attempt on attempt to compassour end. It Is the only method which sug- gests itself to me, and I cannot think of amore practical one, for you must rememberthat acting on such a plan guarantees con- tinual success of one kind or another. Callto mind how many important observationsand records were made not only by thosewho went furthest north but by those whosearched even in those latitudes into whichmany men had travelled before.At the end of a year our books will holdthe records of things hitherto undiscovered,dates and results of experiments of incalcu- lable value net only to us in our future ef- forts but to those who shall resume thesearch when we may be obliged to aban- don it. &amp; &amp; &amp;PLAYGOERThen you think it likely your efforts willnot meet with all the success you coulddesire?STAGE DIRECTOROn the contrary; I think we can be sure ofexceptional success; as to any final success,it is a rare thing to achieve, for finality issomething which probably does not exist.Now tell me, does my plan and its methodof execution appeal to you ? &amp;PLAYGOERLet me try to say what I think. The planis an Ideal one, and, as your quest is Ideal,is in harmony with that for which yousearch. But will you find support? Will you,to begin with, find the support of the leadersof the Theatrical Profession ? &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; Who do you mean? &amp; &amp; &amp;PLAYGOERWell, to be outspoken, Sir Herbert Tree,Sir Charles Wyndham, Arthur Bourchier,Weedon Grossmith, Cyril Maude, STAGE DIRECTORThe Actor-managers, you mean ?PLAYGOER&amp; Yes, but I had not finished my list ofnames, which includes not only all those connected with the Arts in England and evensome of those connected with the State, butalso certain names of artists abroad. Forinstance, will the Theatre in Europe supportyou ? the French Theatre, either the ComedieFrangaise or one of the smaller representa- tive theatres such as those directed byBernhardt, Antoine, or Lugne Poe ? Will theGerman theatre give you any support ? TheState theatres, or Reinhardt, for instance, orthe Munchen Art Theatre ? Holland ? whatcan Holland do ? and Sweden, Russia orItaly ? The Constan Art theatre about whichyou have told me, or Eleonora Duse; aboutwhose ideals I have ever heard so much ?And then the Americans ? You see I want toknow on whom you rely for support, forthat is the first requisite to make yourscheme practical. &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; You have put me an easy question toanswer. You have mentioned some of thebest known names in the theatrical world.If the proposed college is opposed to all theirinterests they will not support it. But considerwhether this is the case. For instance amongstthose you have named are possibly a few menof decidedly ideal tendencies. The directors ofthe Constan Art Theatre are undoubtedly suchmen. I think we have their support. MadameDuse? I think she would never refuse hers.Then there is Reinhardt of Berlin. Such ascheme is one which is certainly not op- posed to his interests. And that Sir HerbertBeerbohm Tree' s name will be found insuch company is far more likely than thathe should join Issue with those weary gentle- men whose love of adventure has left them.Madame Bernhardt and Lugnd Poe are morethan likely to applaud our proposals and toguarantee them as practical if they readand understand them.PLAYGOER&amp; And will these do no more than give youtheir moial support? &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTORWhy, what else can they give ? They arehard workers In a very difficult professionand already their reputation for generosityhas been too often imposed upon. If theywill give us their hands and bid us Godspeed it Is all we should ever dream ofasking for.PLAYGOERWell but, your capital ? where Is thatcoming*from? A bundle of Godspeeds are pretty, but no practical use can be madeof them.STAGE DIRECTORYou may be right, though everything isnot valued by making a practical use of it.We shall expect to receive practical supportfrom the State. •£?&amp;&amp;&amp;PLAYGOER&amp; Your confidence inspires me to believeyou are right; But there are two thingswhich you will have to prove to the Statebefore it will accord you its support.STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; What are they ? &amp; jgr &amp;PLAYGOER&lt;£&gt; First you will have to show clearly thatthe State would benefit; secondly that theadvantage would exceed the cost. STAGE DIRECTORVery well then, let us first consider howthe State would benefit.The Theatre affects the People in twodifferent ways. It either instructs or itamuses. There are many ways to instructand to amuse. Now, which would you saywas the more instructive, something heardor something seen ? &amp; &amp; &amp;PLAYGOERI would say the latter. &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; And which would you say was easier ofcomprehension, the beautiful or the ugly,the noble or the mean ? &amp;PLAYGOER&amp; If we seek for instruction it is easier tocomprehend the beautiful and the noble forit is that which we are searching for; if weseek for amusement the ignoble and ugly ispossibly more immediate in its effect.STAGE DIRECTORAnd is the beautiful and the noble moreamusing? &amp;PLAYGOERI think it is not. &amp;STAGE DIRECTORAnd yet what is that which when you seeand hear it causes you to feel smilinglyfrom top to toe ? &amp; &amp;PLAYGOERThe Beautiful... Truth,... oh, somethingwhich It is quite beyond us to explain.STAGE DIRECTORI think so to. Yet is there not somethingof amusement in it, for we smile; and a smileis the whisper of laughter. PLAYGOER-£? You are right. &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; Perhaps we may call It the very best partof amusement ? &lt;£? J&amp; &amp;PLAYGOERWe may for the sake of argument. &amp;STAGE DIRECTORAnd this Is connected, as we have seen,with the beautiful and the noble; thereforethe very best part of amusement is akin tothe best part of instruction. &amp;PLAYGOERIt seems so. &amp;STAGE DIRECTORNow, we have said that the Theatreeither instructs or amuses. Yet we see thatsometimes it acts in both ways; in short,it both instructs and amuses when it isnoblest and most beautiful. &amp; &amp;PLAYGOERTrue &amp;STAGE DIRECTORWould you say that this feeling whichfor want of the right word I have called" smiling from top to toe ", is a good or abad feeling ? &amp; &amp;PLAYGOERI should say it was the very best feeling.STAGE DIRECTORIf fact if you saw hundreds of faces in agathering of people wreathed in smiles youwould say that they felt happier than if yousaw those faces strained and weary looking.PLAYGOERWhy certainly I should. &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; And tell me, if you were a King, wouldyou rather see happy faces such as 1 havedescribed or gloomy ones ?PLAYGOERHappy ones, of course.STAGE DIRECTORAnother question; would you prefer to seethem smiling or thoughtful ?PLAYGOERSmiling or thoughtful ? The thoughtfulface is not necessarily the gloomy face,and yet I would prefer that they smiled. &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; Why would you prefer it ?PLAYGOERBecause then I too should feel like smiling.STAGE DIRECTORA good answer. Now you told me just nowthat something seen instructs us more than something heard. May 1 take it that youmean that what we see is more swiftby andmore easily comprended ?PLAYGOER£? Yes, that is what I mean. &amp;STAGE DIRECTORLet us take an example. We see a finelybred horse let loose in a field. He gambles,arches his neck, looks around splendidlywith his eye. If we had never seen a horsebefore no description would convey the rightipmression to us so swiftly as does this seeinghim.PLAYGOERYes that is very true. &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTORAnd would a verbal description of thehorse delivered at the same time as it be- came visible to us assist us to understand bet- ter what we see?PLAYGOERNo, I think it might confuse us, for weshould be so much occipued in gazing at thecreature. jg?STAGE DIRECTORThen you would not be prepared to hearanything about it in addition to seeing it?PLAYGOERNo, it would rather irritate than assist.STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; And yet they say that Instruction is ob- tained through the sense of hearing as wellas through that of sight.PLAYGOERYes, but the two impressions are likelyto confound each other if they come to ussimultaneously. &amp; &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR&lt;£&gt; Well then, let us put it differently. Sup- pose the horse in his gambols before usshould give expression to his joy and prideby neighing what then ? &amp;PLAYGOERAh, that's true; that would assist us tocomprehend; our senses would be delighted.STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; The neigh of a horse, then, Is more illu- minating than a learned discourse ? Wouldyou smile on hearing It? jg? &amp;PLAYGOERYes, it is very likely. &amp;STAGE DIRECTORYou would say then that you had beenperfectly instructed, for you had seen some- thing noble and you had heard some playfulexpression proceeding from that which see- nted so noble, and you would smile throughyour understanding. You would not becomethoughtful, would you ? &amp;PLAYGOER&amp; No, no; I should be enchanted.^STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; You would; and that is precisely the stateof mind you achieve in a theatre such as Imentioned, where instruction and amusementspring from the contemplation by eye andear of the beautiful. You would be enchain*ted. A poorer state of mind would be theresult should instruction without amusementbe offered you; you would be merely instruc- ted. And a much poorer state of mindwould result if you received amusementwithout instruction.&amp; You will bear in mind that 1 have allalong spoken of true Amusement In a highsense and true Instruction in the same sense;that is to say, I have spoken of them as twothings which it is possible and desirable toconnect, and therefore have indicated thatthey are very much alike and indeed hardlydivisable. &amp; &amp; &amp;PLAYGOERYet they are separated, for the music hallechoes with shrieks and howls of the loudestlaughter, and the faces of the audience atthe Lyceum are very much drawn during theperformance of King Lear or Hamlet. &amp;STAGE DIRECTORjgr Yes, that is precisely what I am wantingto talk about. The division is much too great,especially in England, for in a Music Hall inGermany we hear far fewer bursts of roughlaughter and the faces at the tragedies areless strained and more thoughtful. A perfecttheatre would neither tighten nor loosen themuseles of the face and would neither con- tract the cells of the brain nor the heartstrings. All would be set at ease; and toproduce this state of mental and physicalease in the people is the duty of the theatreand its art. &amp;PLAYGOERBut a perfect theatre is impossible.STAGE DIRECTORWhat do I hear ? what is it you say ? Ithink we are in England,... no ? I think youare an Englishman am I right ? andI think you will withdraw that last remarkof yours at once. &amp;PLAYGOERYou look so like that horse you weredescribing that I do so to avoid your heels! STAGE DIRECTORj® Bravo ! And now that it is agreed that itis possible to create a perfect theatre herein England let us see how we may do so. Yousay we must prove that the State will bebenefitted before we can hope for its sup- port. Well, it is the most perfect theatre inthe world that we shall offer to the Stateand is not that a benefit? This theatre willbe created after some years of toil (i) by fol- lowing the method of search which I havesketched out for you. j® &amp; j®P L A Y G 0 ERj® But you have not shown me that the costof this " expedition" will be less than theadvantage to the State, which will only bebenefitted if the gain exceeds the expense.STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; 1 will do so In as few words as possible,though, in a short conversation, I cannotbring all the proof to bear upon this andother points that I could do if the mattershould be taken up for more serious enquiryby a committee appointed for the purpose.The expenses of our first five years,would be as, I said before, L 35,000.0.0. NowL 35,000.0.0 possibly seems to you a great dealof money. Let us see, however, what it reallyrepresents. j® j® j® j®j® It represents F. Nansen ' s expenses for hisPolar expedition 1893-96. j® s® j®It represents the cost of one picture inthe National Gallery. j®j® It represents the cost of about three tofive productions at His Majesty ' s Theatre orDrury Lane. j® j® j®j® It represents about the cost of a singlePageant in England, 1908. &lt;® j® j®j® It represents one quarter of SarahBernhardt's profits for her tour in France2880-1881. j® J® &lt;® j® &amp;j® It represents the average takings of ahundred London theatres for one night, j®It represents the cost of Lyceum produc- tions for five years, (3) j® j® &lt;®It represents about a third of the sumpaid for a single " Triumph " in 1634. (3) J®j® It represents less than half the sum spenton enlarging aud improving the Lyceumtheatre in 1881. j® j® j® j®(1) The Constan Art Theatre, the most perfectly organised and con- ducted theatre in Europe, has taken ten years to achieve its presentperfection, and only on the tenth year did it commence to return adividend.(2) Cost of p oduction does not include rent of Theatre, salaries,etc.(3) The Triumph of Peace. See Symonds, Shakespeare's Predecessors,Pg 27. j® It represents a fifth of the profits of onesingle Irving tour in America, (i) j®j® Now tell me, do you think L25,000.0.0 alarge sum to pay for the expenses of so im»portant a work covering five yearsPLAYGOERI do not think so now after what youhave told me. j® j® &lt;®S TAGE DIRECTORj® Now consider also how much the Publichas to pay for the many theatrical experi- ments made every year. You may say thatnearly every production in London and theprovinces is today an experiment,.... anhonest if Incomplete and methodless experi- ment towards bettering the craft of stagework. The public is led to believe thatthese experiments are finished works of artwhereas they are not works of art at all butjust honestly intended, though shockinglyperpetrated, blunders, J® J® J®j® Now would it not be cheaper for thePublic if someone,... the State, a millionaire,or even the Public itself, should pay sucha small modest sum as I have indicated,L 25,000,0.0, to cover the expenses of fiveyears serious and practical experiment bypicked men rather than to continue for everto part yearly with the sum of L 25,000.0.0as it is doing today for experiments made ina hurry and without method ? j® j®PLAYGOERj® Does the public part with so great a sumyearly ? j® j® &amp; j® *£?STAGE DIRECTORj® Let us see if I am correct. Let us saj'that there are 100 theatres in England (2).Let us say each of the hundred takes L. 350,0.0a night from the Public. (3) and let us saythey take this for one hundred nights asrepresenting a year. (4) ,® &amp; &amp;j® We place the whole calculation as low aspossible and it still reaches a colossal totalof two millions and a half Stirling takenfrom the public in the couise of one yearfor Rubbish. Have I answered your secondquestion, then ? j® j® j®PLAYGOERj® Hardly. I asked you if the advantage to bederived by the State would exceed the cost.You have only shown me that the cost isexceedingly low in comparison with other(1) Sec Brereton' s Life of Irving. Pg 312,(2) There are more than six times that number.(3) The Lyceum in 1881 could hold L 328.0.0 in one evening.(4) Theatres remain open for over 200 nights n a year. Stat© and private expenditures, but you haveyet to show me that the State will reap itsL 25,000.0.0 worth of advantages.STAGE DIRECTORLet us look into that at once. The statewill receive from the College at the end offive years the results of their labours. Thesewill include, (1) a practical demonstration ofthe best method to be employed for buildingand directing a National Theatre as an IdealTheatre and in a manner hitherto deemedimpossible. (2) The improvement by simplifi- cation of many of the mechanical appliancesof the modern stage. (3) The training of stagemanagers and of the staff employed to shiftthe scenery. (4) The training of actors tospeak and to move,... the chief difficultiesof the average actor. (5) The training of agroup of original scene painters, a group ofperfectly drilled men to execute any givenorder regarding the lights on the stage, for atpresent, as any visit to a special light rehear- sal will show, the lighting staff in a theatreis always at sea. &amp; &amp;There are three main reasons for this;the first is that a stage director doesnot know what he wants, does notknow the names or uses of the machinesemployed or of their parts or what thesemachines are capable of, and is utterly igno- rant of how to obtain a result. He leaves itall to accident and chance " effect." Thesecond reason is that the majority of menwho work the machines at evening perfor- mances are employed on different work byday, and have received but the barest trainingas to their duties. The third reason is thatthe machines are designed without knowledgeof the use to which they should serve. Still,it must be admitted that the electricianshave many unnecessary difficulties to contendwith which would be removed if the wholecraft of the modern stage were to be studiedafresh with a view to readjusting its com- ponent parts. There is only one man to whomwe look for this,... the stage manager; buthis opportunities of study are few for his timeis occupied in having to attend to and straigh- ten out awkward situations created toooften by the director of the Theatre and bythe actors, actresses and supers. If he attemptsto improve things every one loses their heads.When the stage manager can have time totrain, and can afterwards be given authorityand opportunity to train his staff theatres willtake a small step in the right direction. A tcollege is the only place where such trainingcan be received and given. &amp;&amp; In short, what we should tender to theState In return for its support would be thenucleous of an Ideal Theatre on a practicalbasis, with a college for the subsequent train- ing of the staff from stage manager to elec- tricians, raising all to an Ideal standardwhich should not be lowered under anyexcuse whatever. &amp; &amp;You see then that the College, with itseyes fixed on the Future and its Ideal firmlyestablished, would keep its hands and fingersbusy with the present,.... The search forthe lost Art of the Theatre must be madeonly after passing through the regions inwhich the modern Theatre Is situated. Inpassing we shall re-establish its order; doyou understand ? &amp; &amp; &amp;PLAYGOERI think you have made it clear. And nowone more question. Are you to act as thehead of this College ? &amp;STAGE DIRECTORNo. The Head or Leader, as I tell you,will be elected by the members. &amp;PLAYGOER&amp; And will you not enter for election ? Whatwill the college be without you ? jg/STAGE DIRECTOREverything. With me, nothing. £? &amp;PLAYGOER&amp; What do you mean ? Will you desert thevery scheme you have created ?STAGE DIRECTORNO, I shall never be absent from the Col- lege, but I shall not act as either Head,Body or Member. &amp;PLAYGOERWhat will you do then ? STAGE DIRECTORI shall give it its existence, and shallthen ask to be permitted free entrance tothe college so as to study there whenever Iwish to. And my reasons for desiring thisare many. To explain them to you fully wouldtake many years. But you may take it thatthey are not lazy reasons. I should feelhonoured to be a member of such a college.PLAYGOERBut you will give it more than this. Youwill yourself make experiments and lend yourgifts to the work ? &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR&amp; My gifts are few and cannot be lent. Iwould willingly make experiments if asked to do so, but I believe I can be of more useto this college at a little distance than con- nected with it. &amp;PLAYGOERJZ? And this is how you would propose todiscover this lost art which you, probably,more than any one else, know most about ?STAGE DIRECTORjg&gt; I know very little about it, but possiblyI know where it is situated better than theothers. I can point to the right direction,and for this reason I believe I am not alto- gether valueless to the efforts of the college.In their search, their experiments, I shallbe ever with them, but I shall not lead themnor must I be expected to follow them,Whenever called upon I shall be at theirservice but not for any fixed occupation.PLAYGOERjg? Well, you somewhat take my breath away.You prove to me that you know as much ormore than the rest of the world about thisThird Art as you have called it, and you talkabout it to me for hours; you give upeverything in your life for it and you proposeto plan out the college up to a certainpoint,.., and then you hand over college,idea, plan, to someone else. Have you no fearthat the whole thing will become muchchanged when it leaves your hands ?STAGE DIRECTORIt will certainly change; its existencedepends upon this fact; but I have no fearbecause of that.PLAYGOERBut have you no personal desires in relation to this college ? Will you not be alittle pained to see it moving in a wrong- direction ? £? &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTORIt will not do so. The magnet of the Idealis fixed; attraction has already commenced;it is in resisting this that we shall make ourdiscoveries. There will be men with us whowill from time to time become depressed andtired and then mistakes are likely to occur...and with the mistakes discoveries. But the mis- takes will never be wilfully made from someselfish motive and can but be the result oftoo great a strain. But these resistances, asI said, will only lead us towards our Ideal.PLAYGOER&amp; But the modern theatre which you pro- fess to despise resists the attraction of theIdeal.STAGE DIRECTORAh, that is quite different. They resistthrough fear; we shall resist through cou- rage. We shall hear the call and feel the pulland we shall go straight onwards but withslow deliberation, making discoveries ail alongthe way. We shall finally discover what welook for and what attracts us, and then •..PLAYGOERWhat then ? &amp; &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR«£? A question. And for my part I am tho- roughly convinced that there will never bean end to our journey. Attraction shall nevercease for us; that will never change, we shallever be invited,... beckoned ... impelled tomove forward. THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUMEOF ANTONY AND CLEOPATRA by E. W. Godwin. (!) 'jphe Rome of the time of Antony would be in every respect much the same as the Romeof Julius Caesar. The difference fn date between the two stories is only a very few years.Indeed Antony and Cleopatra may be taken as a continuation of Julius Caesar.The latter play ended with the fall of Brutus at the battle of Philippi, B. C. 42.The other tragedy begins with the death of Fulvia, B. C. 40, and concludes with thedeath of Kleopatra B. C. 30. The last of the Ptolemies, passionate and animal as she was,seems to have been no worse than were many members of her distinguished family beforeher. The legitimate dynasty became extinct on the death of Ptolemy Alexander II. ButAlexander had a natural brother—one Dionysius Auletes—who, after much trouble, securedfor himself the throne of Egypt, leaving it to his eldest child—the Kleopatra of the drama—who was born B. C. 68. There had been already four generations of Kleopatras. The firstwas a Syrian princess, who was married to Ptolemy Epiphanes, and who bore him two sonsand two daughters, both of the latter being named after their mother. One of these girlswas taken to wife by her brothers in succession, and had a family by each, the eldest sonof the youngest brother being Ptolemy Soter II., the grandfather of our Kleopatra. JZ?&amp; In the tragedy before us we have no less than thirty=six scenes. Of these twenty=fiveare architectural, including the one on board Pompey's galley, which belongs to navalarchitecture. The other twenty=four are divided between Alexandria, Rome, Messina, andAthens, or the respective residences of Kleopatra, Caeesar, Pompeius, and Antonius, but byfar the most important of these are those which belong to the City of the Ptolemies. Itis next to impossible to reduce this play to set scenes, for the unities of time and placeare quite disregarded by the author. In the first and last Acts a very slight change wouldenable us to bring these into two scenes, if the fourth Scene of the first Act were carriedon to the second Act and the first Scene of the fifth Act omitted, but the second Act car=ries us in seven scenes from Pompey's house at Messina to the house of Tepidus at Rome,thence into Caesar's palace, thence into the streets of Rome, thence to the palace atAlexandria, thence to Misenum, and finally leaves us floating on the sea. In the third Act(eleven scenes) we are in Alexandria, Rome and Athens; now on the plains of Syria, andnow on the promontory of Actium. In the fourth Act of thirteen scenes we are certainlyconfined to Alexandria and its neighbourhood, but we are perpetually moved about fromthe inside of the palace to the outside, from within to without the walls, from one campto the other, until we are brought to rest in that remarkable scene—44 the monument". Isee no reason why the scene in the house of Lepidus (Act ii., Scene 2) should not be laidin a lesche or under a colonnade before Caesar's house, and thus serve also for the twoscenes which follow it. Indeed, by the exercise of some little thought and care, the wholenumber of the architectural scenes may be fairly reduced, and it is possible without seriousmutilation to prevent some of the abrupt changes, as for example that brought about bythe introduction of Alexandria in the fifth Scene of the second Act; for there does notexist, as it seems to me, any great obstacle to this scene forming part of the third in thethird Act. 1 cannot at present see that we can do with less architectural scenery thanthat set down in the following list, unless the scenes at Athens and Messina are omittedaltogether;— 1. The palace at Alexandria—interior. 2. A monument at Alexandria.3. Caesar's house at Rome—a Iesche or colonnade.4. Antony's house at Athens—interior.5. Pompey's house at Messina—interior.&amp; Of the interior of Kleopatra's palace the play presents us with no less than twelvescenes, and with one laid outside or before the palace (Act iv. Sc. 3), but all thirteen couldreasonably pass in one hall if attention was given to the planning of it. The remains of thetemples at Philae, Dendera, and Kalabsche, the relic of the palace at Medinet Habou, and the representations of domestic architecture in the fragments of wall paintings in ourmuseums, are the only authorities available for this important scene, for what is left of theold city of Alexandria is little more than an inchoate mass of ruin. The temples and palace,however, that I have just mentioned must be held to be far inferior to the temples andpalace of the royal city. A city founded by such a man as Alexander, and that, too, for hisfavourite natural brother; (i) a city whose chief street was 100 feet wide and nearly fourmiles long, whose geographical position was such as to command the commerce of theknown world, a city where the last dynasty of Egypt's kings resided for nearly three cen- tuiies, where one Ptolemy devoted his power to the advancement of art and science by ori- ginating and devising educational schemes—schemes that would put to shame the largestefforts of modern governments; where another Ptolemy carried these designs into noblestexecution by the establishment, among other things, of a museum—school, and a librarythat were among the wonders of the world ; a court where Euclid and Nicomachus, An- tiphilus and Apelles were by no means remarkable men; a city where the Aryan and theSemitic nations were united, where the Egyptian, the Jew, and the Greek met, as it wereon a level platform—was not a place where architecture or any other art would be likelyto be underrated. The picturesque irregularity visible in the work at Philse must not,however, be taken as applicable to the palace of the Ptolemies at Alexandria. That thespirit of Greek freedom that freedom without which the Propylea would never have been—might have struck root in Alexandria is more than probable, but the day of freedom, oforiginal art-thought was already far spent; law was taking the place of feeling; geometrywas being substituted for the eye; instead of ideas being created facts were collated ; thebeautiful was reduced to a system, and art was made science. The evidence of materialwealth—a splendour lavish as daylight—would be there. Whatever marble and basalt,poiphyry and serpentine, bronze or silver, or gold, or any other precious material could dowe may be quite sure was not lacking. Mechanics would shine like the sun in construction;multitudes of pillars, and miles of avenue, and corridor, and labyrinth would speak of themighty mass of labour in the service of Egypt; but the creative art power had passed itsmeridian a full century before the city was founded, and quite two centuries before thePtolemies began the objectionable practice of marrying their own sisters. (2) j®&amp; The " monument " of the play is evidently nothing more than the raised stage at theback of the main stage, so common in the theatres of Shakspere's time. An Egyptian mo- nument or tomb was constructed on principles which could not possibly admit the poet'sIdea. But the Greek monument was altogether different. In the one case we find a tomb,an architectural grave, a sepulchre; in the other we have a house, a shrine, a temple. Thelittle memorial of Lysicrates at Athens, and the temple-like Lycian monument discoveredat Xanthus, and now in our National Museum, are extreme illustrations of one principle ofdesign. In both the structure consists of two storeys; the ground storey solid and com- paratively plain, the upper storey open and enriched with columns, figure sculpture, andother ornamental accessories. Now, although acting on a higher platform than the stageis always made to look more or less ridiculous by modern scenic arrangements, in proof ofwhich assertion I may cite Juliet's balcony as a flagrant example, and although I know ofno instance where this division of stage level has been well carried out, yet even in theVeronese and Venetian plays there is no room for reasonable excuse if the scene results infailure; still less In the play under consideration should the acting suffer, inasmuch as thearea of the monument of Egypt's Queen may be of almost any size. In its architecture, ascompared with that of the palace, there might well be marked the vast difference betweenthe arts under the first Ptolemies, when the Aphrodite Anadyomene was painted, andthe low condition to which a hundred and fifty years of rapid decline had brought them,when the last of the Macedonian dynasty ascended the throne. J® &amp; &amp;j® Our third Scene-Caesar's house at Rome—needs no further description than what hasalready been given in the notes on Julius C®sar. Antony's house at Athens might be one of the old Greek houses or palaces, with its double arrangement of Andronitis and Gynae- conitis, or the men's and women's quarters. The fourth and fifth Scenes of the third Actintroduce us to two rooms in this house, but there is no reason why one interior shouldnot suffice for both Scenes, if the proper room be selected, which I take it should be thepillared hall (iiAv) of the Andronitis, which in a Greek house occupies the place of theRoman Atrium. The floor might be of mosaic, whilst both the ceiling and walls might bepainted. Pompey's house at Messina, or Messana, might be either Roman or Greek, or halfand half. The old Greek city was destroyed by the Carthaginians in B. C. 396, but DIo- nysius, tyrant of Syracuse, at once rebuilt it, so that its buildings were well seasoned—neither too new nor yet too old—when the Romans came into possession after the FirstPunic War, B.C. 240. &amp; The Costume of this play may be taken to be somewhat mixed. That the Romanfashions were for the most part accepted wherever the power of Rome had made itself areality may be safely assumed, but then these fashions were themselves moulded on thoseof other nations. Nor was this spirit of Imitation or copyism altogether confined to thepeople by the banks of the Tiber. It is said of the great Alexander that, after his Persianconquests, becoming partial to some of the things he saw in Asia, and desiring to makehimself popular with his new subjects, he actually assumed the Persian habit and adoptedmany of their customs. Everyone knows that the Romans followed his example in regardto Greece with a sort of alacrity which was at times almost amusing. But fashion, in oldas In modern times belongs to the upper classes, so that while I have little hesitation inclothing Kleopatra and her court in the habit, or some slight modification of the habitprevalent among Greeks more or less adopted also by the Roman aristocracy—the poorpeople, the clown especially, and perhaps the soothsayer, might very well exhibit Intheir dress some tradition of the old nation to which they belonged. (1) The Ionic chiton, thechlamys, the peplos, the transparent fine linen vest, chemise, or under tunic were dresseswhich obtained throughout the shores of the Mediterranean with but little variation beyondthat resulting from increase or decrease in length or breadth of material. No doubt, too*the fashionable ladies of Alexandria had their parasols or umbracula just the same as theladies of Athens, Rome or Pompeii. Broad-brimmed straw hats, with low, saucershapedcrowns, were also probably worn. Octavla, after her marriage, might appear in the stolaand the square-cut white pallium, fastened with a fibula or brooch on the right shoulder,leaving the right arm free. For the details of the costume for this play it will be sufficientto refer to the marbles and bronzes in the British Museum. Among the references tocostume In the text of (1) Julius Caesar and (2) Antony and Cleopatra we find mention madeof (1) leather aprons, crowns, coronets, doublets, cloaks, kerchiefs, nightgowns, dressinggowns, with pockets, spurs; (2) the points of a doublet, crowns, crownets," and pockets.In Julius Caesar the architectural passages are few and slight— &amp; &amp; &amp;Many a time and oftHave you climb'd up to walls and battlements,To towers and windows, yea to chimney-tops,&amp;c., &amp;c.Mention Is also made of stone towers and walls of beaten brass, and there are referencesto buildings and places in Rome, e.g., Pompey's porch, Pompey's theatre, the statues ofOld Brutus and Pompey, images decked with ceremonies or hung with trophies, publicpulpits, and Caesar's walks, arbours, and orchards. In Antony and Cleopatra there is notone word about architecture or building, but then we have a description of the Queen'sbarge, which was all overlaid with gold and " like a burnish'd throne burnt on the water;"its poop was of beaten or repousse gold, its sails were purple and perfumed, the tackle ofsilk, the oars of silver, and the pavilion or canopy or dais which shadowed the rare Egyptianwas cloth of gold of tissue. If a throne was wanted in the market-place for the serpent ofold Nile and her lover, it was got by setting chairs of gold upon a platform of silver "atribunal silver'd " . Shakspere's idea of Kleopatra's person may be gathered from a few scattered expressions. According to the poet she was of a dark or tawny complexion, thewords he puts into her own mouth would even go so far as to make her black andwrinkled:— Think on me,That am with Phoebus' amorous pinches black,And wrinkled deep in time ?Allowing for the exaggerated language of the woman, we must still, I think, conclude thather charms were not to be found In beauty such as Pericles or Phidias delighted in. Shewas old, very old for Egypt; but even the rough soldier, Enobarbus, says that 44 age cannotwither her nor custom stale her infinite variety Not in measured beauty of form or face,but rather in the serpentine or undulating movements of her body, in the changing ei=»pressions of her full=Hpped wavy mouth and large dark eyes, In her expansive brow... .afeature not so much admired now as in Shakspere's time ; above all, in her wit must we seekfor the strange witchery she exercised over Julius Caesar and Mark Antony. &amp; Thirty sixscenes. &amp; Kleopatra'spalace. &amp; I^aw, notPeeling. j® j® The " monu- ment s® j® The Costume, On " fashion " Architecture, &amp; (1) Reprinted by permission from the Architect, 1875. (1) Arsinoe, one of the concubines of Philip of Macedonia, was pregnant with the child afterwards known as Ptolemy I, surnamedSoter, when she married Lagus'(2) Ptolemy, the big-belly, (146-117) not only married his sister, and this too after she had become his brother' s widow, but divorced herin order to marry her daughter by his brother. (I) The Queen, according to the text, which follows history in this particular appeared often "in the habiliments oi the goddess Isis"rue goddess of the Moon; in other words, in a long transparent fine linen tunic, and a pallium fastened by a knot in front, a crown ofotus flowers on her head, and a slstrum in her hand. TWO STAGE CHARACTERS by Gilbert à Beckett. SOME STAGE ROYALTIES. by CHARLES BORROW. (I) THE STAGE PRINCE. Royalty on the stage Is usually very unfortunate; and thetreatment it receives is, under even the most favourablecircumstances, anything but what it ought to be. If thestage monarch is in the height and plenitude of his power,there Is very little respect shown to him. He has to marchabout in processions with a pasteboard crown on his head,while the royal ermine is nothing better than flannel withtufts of worsted fastened on to it. As to his palace, thoughthe walls are finely painted, there is scarcely one roomthat he can comfortably sit down in, for the apartmentsare usually as barren of furniture as if a distress for renthad recently cleared them. If he gives a banquet, there is nothing to eat but a quantity of artificial flowers in vases, and some imitation fruit, mouldedall in one a piece on a papier mach6 plateau ; so that, If the fruit were eatable, the plate ofwhich it forms a part would have to be devoured with it. The stage monarch has generally verylittle to say, and perches himself quietly on a very uncomfortable throne raised on a ricketyplatform, with scarcely room for his feet; while some individuals, turning their backs uponhis Majesty, amuse themselves with dancing. He Is frequently sworn at, and imperativelyordered by the stage=manager, who is a viceroy over him, to get down from his throne,that It may be dragged off at the wing by the scene=shifters just before the fete concludes,when the monarch sneaks in anywhere among the crowd of supernumeraries who constitutehis 44 people ". &lt;£? &amp; &amp;His snubbed Majesty feels that he shall interfere with some Terpsichorean grouping, ordestroy the final tableau of a pas de deux, if he does not get out of the way; and hekeeps backing and backing, until some of his court, irritated perhaps by the pressure ofthe royal heels on their plebeian corns, check his further retreat with...Now then,stupid ! where are you coming to ? " But the stage monarch is not always a mere nonentity,for he sometimes takes a very active part, and developes some very remarkable traits ofcharacter. If he happens to be a king after the pattern of him known familiarly as the44 merry monarch ", though in reality a very sad dog, he gets into tavern rows, flirts withthe barmaid, cheats the landlord, insults the guests, and Is on the point of being subjectedto merited chastisement, when some tradesman of the court... .perhaps the milkman or thebutcher... .recognizes the King, from which it must be inferred that his Majesty is in thehabit of personally taking in the milk or ordering the meat for dinner. If the dramatists can take liberties even with royalty moulded on the model of an English sovereign, it maybe supposed that they will run into considerable rampancy when picturing one of the mo- narchs In miniature that are supposed to swarm on the Continent.A foreign princedom standing like a suburban villa In its own grounds, with cavalrybarracks for six horses, a large roomy outhouse for infantry, and the use of a paddock foran occasional review, may admit of considerable latitude in the way of dramatic treatment,for no one knows whether it is right or wrong; and it may be, therefore, perfectly en regiefor the small fry of sovereigns to do the sort of things that on the stage we find themdoing. Thus it may be very natural for an Italian prince to go away from his dominions,leaving the government in the hands of a younger brother or an uncle, who spreads a reportof the death of the 44 rightful heir, " when the 64 rightful heir " might settle the businesswith the 44 wrongful heir " by simply coming forward. lie, however, prefers sneaking aboutthe outskirts of a forest, with one 44 trusty retainer, " and falling in love with the daughterof some dealer In firewood, who comes home every evening to talk sentiment about hischild, after having been employed all day in felling timber that does not belong to him. &amp; The stage prince,when he does make uphis mind to claim hisrights, issues no pro- clamation ; but muffleshimself up in an enor- mous cloak that he maynot be known, and ar- rives in his own terri- tories during some fetethat is being given bythe 44 wrongful heir" tocelebrate the feast ofthe grottoes, ( quaere,oyster-day ?) or any- thing else which makesa Sine in the play-billand admits of an inci- dental ballet.The44right- ful heir " keeps judi- ciously in the back- ground during the dancing, and the 44 wrongful heir" eyes him without knowing why;and in the intervals of the festivities comes mysteriously forward to tell the orchestrathat 44 he don't know how it is, but something seems to weigh at his heart; "and he will occasionally inquire politely of Conscience when it will allow peace to enter theguilty breast, from which it has hitherto been a prohibited article. He will ever and anoneye the 44 rightful heir " with a suspicion for which he... .or any one else... .cannot account,and ultimately he will make some observation from which the stranger in the cloak willdissent; and high words will ensue, in which the 44 rightful heir " will be addressed as44 Caitiff! " and asked by what right he interrupts the festival. Every one will gather round,but no one will know the 44 rightful heir; " until, throwing off his cloak, he developes ablaze of orders, including a terrific freemason's star and a quantity of ornaments in paste,ticketed up cheap at a pawnbroker's. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; jg?The discovery of the orders, accompanied by a sudden throwing off the hat, will causeall to go down on their knees the courtiers exclaiming 44 Sire! " the female peasantsmurmuring out 44 the Prince, " and turning round to each other with 44My gracious," 44 Onlythink," *4Did you ever," &amp;c., in a series of facetious asides; while the male peasants shout14 Our long-lost lord I " the supernumeraries, who can only be entrusted with a single word,cry simply 44 Sire 1 " and the discomfited 44 wrongful heir," covering his face in shame andconfusion, mutters out 44 My liege ! " while the chorus-singers burst into a concluding strainof joy, love, and loyalty. THE STAGE COUNTRYMAN jf a select committeewere appointed to in- quire into the state ofthe rural population,and a stage countrymanwere to be examinedwith the view of collec- ting facts relating to therustic character, the se- lect committee wouldbe sorely puzzled toknow what to make ofit. £&gt; •£?&amp; In the first place thecostume of the stagecountryman is arrangedwith an eye to the pic- turesque rather than the practical. He frequently wears a very light sky-blue coat, witha waistcoat of the gayest chintz, as if somebody had given him a window curtain, and hehad been seized with the heureuse idee of having a vest made out of it. He has dark bluestockings, which are made of silk if he is the first countrjmian, but are ordinarily of greyworsted if he Is only one of a party of rustics getting in the harvest or assisting at a vil- lage festival. By the way, the dramatic mode of getting in the harvest consists in tossingabout a truss of straw with property rakes at the back of the stage, and then comingforward to the front to sing a chorus. Village festivities are also of a very mild descriptionin their theatrical form, and comprise little more than the luxury of sitting on a benchoutside an alehouse door, holding in one hand a tin cup filled up above the brim withwool, which is occasionally raised to the lips, in accordance with some complimentaryallusion to John BarleycornTo return, however, to the costume of the stage countryman. The remainder is madeup of a red wig and a hooked stick, with a small bundle slung across it, and a pair ofdancing-pumps, in which he is always prepared to walk to London, for the purpose ofrighting 44 poor sisther Phoebe, " or telling the 44 great squire " that he (the stage countryman)has got 44 feelins like, " and that he (the stage countryman) is as good a 44 mon " as he(the squire): 44thof he (the squire) have gotten a fine coat on his back "... .a home truthwhich sometimes throws the squire into a state of pitiable penitence about something orother which there is no proof of his having been guilty of. &amp; &amp;Though the dramatic rustic is vividly alive to any wrong, real or imaginary, inflictedon his own sister, he is often, as far as his own treatment of the fair sex is concerned,little better than a domestic ruffian. He is either contemptibly soft, accepting as a wifesome village coquette, who has been declined on account of her flirting propensities, bysome former lover, or he is brutally hard, refusing to fulfil the vows he has plighted tosome unfortunate village girl, and setting the yard dog at her if she persists in pursuinghim. The occupations of the stage countryman are usually of the very vaguest character* Heappears to have nothing on earth to do but to avenge his sister for some wrongs not veryclearly made out, bully the landlord about 44 fearther, " who is a most unpunctual old manin the payment of his rent, flirt with village maidens, grow sentimental about poor old44 mither, " and 44 dom " the young squire. &amp; &amp; &amp; The stage countryman is a character fast disappearing from the drama, and the onlyrusticity now introduced into theatrical pieces is confined to a Yorkshire servant, whoseems to be retained in a house for the mere purpose of misunderstanding every order hereceives, and grossly insulting every visitor of the family. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; His trials jzr 44 A merrymonarch " The rightfulheir. (1) Reprinted by permission. &amp; Festivities His manners. THE ENGLISH VOICE by Alien Carric Allen Carric. English Drawl has come to stay till the End. It was once a jovial gutteral drawl;it now affects the lips rather than the throat. It has taken its change for the worse. Itswaggered once; now it simpers. I do not know the names of all the separate EnglishDrawls but I have heard of something called the Oxford Drawl and I have heard of thePiccadilly Drawl. I suppose there must be also the Winchester Drawl and the CavendishSquare Drawl, but about the really very famous Drawls only an expert could tell us. £?There are, however, others; those which, so far as I know, have not yet made names forthemselves. Their echo is to be heard in the journals and we may label them.&lt;£? For instance, the " Saturday Review Drawl." A clear voice is heard for several pagesand then the drawl,... a bored drawl... the drawl of the wise " Max. " I say wiseadvisedly. His is above all things a drawl of spiritual surrender, of elasticity it swearsit will not shout. &amp;Readers must not find anything silly about this drawl. Whatever it is it is not silly;In fact, when we hear it the speaker stands revealed: we feel we are in the presenceof a truly wise man: nobility, reverence, modesty and courage, all these we feel are behindthat drawl: it compels us, I mean all of us who are not fools.This drawl is a pure English drawl acquired after enormous pains, and the greater thecredit to its owner since its owner is not entirely English. Would an Italian ever have hadthe power to make himself master of this thing ? No! Would a Frenchman havedared ? No, a thousand times, No I Only one from the Fatherland could have so daredand done.j£&gt;As 1 have hinted, behind this drawl is a divine voice; it has something to say and itsays it regularly every Saturday." Max " has a reputation for being never dull What is his secret ? .... it is in beingvery very wise. Such kindly wisdom too, suppressing any ignorance under a pretence ofnot knowing detesting emphasis,.... admiring all that is elegant and admirable; a tolerantwisdom; one never yet known to praise that which it could not understand. This it is to beentirely wise,... profound. Yet I have always heard of the "witty" Max, the "clever"Max. As though mere wit and cleverness masqueraded under a drawl. Why, it will be saidnext that affectation is hid beneath a lisp! 4? &amp; &amp;&amp; Surely Max' s is the true English voice. Was it not a voice of this calibre that was heardon the day when the Armada was sighted ,... " Ohhh.... Indeed in siiight yousaaay ?.... When we've finished our game of booowwls there will be time tobeat themWhen Wellington uttered the famous "Up Guards and at 'em " we know now how itmust have been drawled.The voice of Shakespeare reading Hamlet to the Globe company must have sounded thus,"To beeeee, or not to beeeee: thaaat is the queeestion ". I picture the enthusiasm of thecompany on hearing this drawl which carries. &amp;If I have not spoken of other journalistic drawls it is that there is none to come afterthis one. There is none like it, none, Lately it has added a new quality to its alreadypeerless tone. It can shout; It states with emphasis what the mighty brain behind it hasfelt and felt emphatically " Here is Miss Olive Walter, * Tyltyl' to the life, and perfect from first to last". &amp;£&gt;£&gt;&amp;&amp;&amp; Hjphe Morning stars sang together and all the sons of God shouted for joy. Job XXXVIII.ghouting Implies cock=sureness, contentment with a definite point of view, one setconviction. Wisdom of which the essence is spiritual surrender and elasticity.... wisdom,that immensely complicated thing cannot be shouted. &amp; &amp;Max Beerbohm, " Saturday Review " Vol 108. Page 749, The " SaturdayReview" Drawl. A divinevoice. &amp; VENETIAN COSTUME TRANSLATED FROM THE BOOK OF CESARE VECELLIO by D. Nevile Lees 0) TP*16 cos*ume Doctors of Law or Medicine all over Lombardy is the long togareaching to the ground, with open sleeves, and it is black, in winter of cloth or damaskor of velvet and in summer of very beautiful Florentine watered silk, or of camlet. Underthe which toga such Doctors wear another robe of silk, girded with a belt of velvet withsilver clasps or with a silken girdle, which robe reaches to the knee. Beneath they wearhose of black cloth or silk, and on their feet they wear slippers of black cloth or of velvet.On their heads they wear caps of rich velvet or of silk brocade. And such costume servesthem in the governments, embassies and in the tribunals as evidence that they are seriouspersons and of mature judgment. &amp; &amp; &amp;young men in love, (giovani innamorati) usually wear a doublet of satin, tabby orother silk, pointed or slashed with various patterns in the form of crosses or stars,through which slashes the coloured linings of taffetas are seen. &amp; &amp; &amp;They wear with the said doublet buttons of gold, and at the neck frills with clean lace,and on the head a cap of rich velvet or silk brocade with a scarf round it, gathered in frontinto the form of a rose, where they usually set some little medallion.They generally have their small clothes of the same stuff, and embroidered silk stockingswith shoes of Spanish morocco, and over all they wear a cappetto, (a cloak with a hoodof silk brocade, a flower in one hand and in the other their handkerchief and theirgloves.&amp; This costume is much used by nobles, alike in Venice and the other cities of Italy,especially by the youths before they don the robes with elbow sleeves which, until eighteenor twenty years of age, they do not wear. Thus the greater number wear the costumehere described. But many however wear it in black, others In silver or light purple,especially the doublet and small clothes and hose as seen in the picture.^peasants who come to Venice at the season of All Saints to sell geese, eggs and otherfood wear the costume here shown, which consists of a hat of coarse straw on the headand a garment reaching halfway to the knee made of roan coloured cloth or of herrettinoor fratesco, and on their feet shoes of undressed leather against the mud, and to theirlegs they fasten certain high gaiters of leather; over their frock they put a cloak of roancloth or coarse herrettino, of little value, with a wide collar which falls over the cloak asfar as the shoulders, and they hold, resting upon the ground, a staff with a goose or two.'Jphe costume here shown is of certain women peasants who come on Saturday to themarket in Venice from the villages of the surrounding parts, the which women, whenthey enter the city, take off a large wide hat which outside they wear on their heads, andcarry it in their hands. This hat is made of coarse straw with a band of red or crimson silkround it.They wear an upper dress of another stuff, blue in colour, or hiano, with a rather tightcorset, which they lace with little silken cords, somewhat loosely so that one sees the whitechemisette beneath; and on this corset they wear medallions of gilded silver, and wrappedaround the head and neck they have a white veil of cotton or other stuff which serves alsoto keep their hair in order. And because they come from outside where there is much mudthey fasten up the said dress with a leather belt three fingers wide a handsbreadth fromthe ground over another underskirt which they wear; and they carry on their shoulderstwo baskets with chickens and hens in one, and in the other cheese and eggs and fruit andevery kind of thing which is produced at the villas. They wear high boots of stout leatheras protection against the mud and rain. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Doctors of ly a w Venetianyouths. MalePeasant. &amp; Peasantwomen. Our /eaders will find that the Venetian costume designs, reprinted in The Mask during the past year, are furnishing them by degrees with acomplete series of costume designs for the " Merchant of Venice. " Ed; ROARS OF LAUGHTER by Jan van Holt Agreat deal is being said today about Commercialism and Non-commercia- lism. They say that commercialism spreads itself from city to city streng- thening the few and killing the rest; they say that commercialism isentering into the magic circle of the arts.... they say that the artist isbecoming commercial they say that the craftmsan is becoming com- mercial... they say.... but let them say. &amp; zz? And then 4i efforts " are made to suppress commercialism and in doing so commercebecomes a bogey to many who hitherto have only looked upon It as a harmless necessarycuriosity.JZ? The Power of commercialism Is exaggerated. If commercialism killed or suppressed allbeauty we might have reason to think otherwise. But commercialism never touches beautyand has never had any success whatever against its supposed enemy. You cannot makea man commercial, or uncommercial, he is born the one or other and remains so untilthe end.I know a painter who is commercial and one who is not commercial: they haveworked together for years, yet to this day the one remains commercial and the otheruncommercial.I know a writer who has struggled hard to write such stuff as commercial Journals acceptand who is utterly unable to do it, and who now goes round collecting his verse and prosefrom the editors who of course are delighted to let him have them. He swears he will neverwrite another word of saleable stuff. He protests in vain for he will do so whenever hebecomes commercial; but as he cannot become commercial what does all his talk amountto ? It means nothing.&amp; I knew an artist who was continually saying " Now I' ve done something which everyonewill understand and which the dealers will jump at" and he unveiled a statue or a picture,and lo, it was even further from the understanding of the dealers than what he haddone before. &amp;There was William Blake, who did not care whether he made money or not, whether hiswork was popular or not; nothing ever made him care. And there is my friend WilliamSmith who is quite eager to make money by his designs but who is yet quite unable to" turn out" designs which shall make money today. Blake and Smith are uncommercialand no amount of trying on their part to meet a special demand would make their workor their natures any different.Commercialism has no power whatever over the artist or man who was born uncom- mercial. Uncommercial men are born in every age and because this age is called a com- mercial one it makes no difference whatever to the appearance of the uncommercial man.It may make a little difference in the matter of his disappearance, but that is no one' sconcern but his own.&amp; I am an artist and happen to be noncommercial. I am told that my age is a commercialone but I am sure it could not be more interestingjor more amusing than it Is,... and tobe interested and amused by one' s age is sufficient. One heed not become familiar withit; yet as it parades before us like a comic pageant we can at least look on and laughat the exhibition with good humour. One sits in good company for others are looking on:the performers must not forget this and must take courage in the recollection. jtz*The commercial are performing to a crowded house, an audience which is splitting itssides with uncontrollable laughter. We pay for our seats; we must not dream of doingmore no, not one egg Bravo ! Bravo I Roars of laughter! Commeicialism, Its power isexaggerated. &amp; William Blake, A comic pageant. BOOK REVIEWS GREEK COSTUME by Ethel Abrahams.John Murray."phis book is a really valuable contributionto the literature on the subject of GreekCostume, each page bearing evidences of closestudy and painstaking research.&amp; No accessory of a woman's dress or toiletseems to have escaped Miss Abraham's at- tention and a glance at the alphabeticalindex shows us that here we may find infor- mation on such varied subjects as false hair,mirrors, fringes, hair nets, hats, perfumes,rouge, sandals, toilet boxes, pins, wigs, cor- sets and many more too numerous to name.&amp; Nor is the men's dress forgotten, theirarmour, ornaments, tunics, head - dresses,sandals and all else pertaining to toilet orcostume being carefully described.After an Introduction devoted to Pre-Hellenic civilisation the writer passes on todeal successively with the Homeric, Doricand Ionic, with the Development of the IonicHimatiort, with Materials and Ornamentation,Hair and Head-dress, Foot-gear and theToilet, and the many and excellent diagramsand illustrations taken from ancient statuesand vase paintings assist the student to aclearer understanding of the text. &amp;&amp; The arrangement of the chiton is careful- ly described, and seems to have varied inform according to the rank and occupationof the wearer, slaves, for example, wearinga narrow ungirt one with tight sleeves reach- ing to the wrist, men engaged in activepursuits a short one with or without sleeves,musicians a long ungirt one, actors a cos- tume with long sleeves, " probably padded tocomplete the impression of increased sizeproduced by the high masks and buskins. "Nor is it only for the interest of the tech- nical information contained that a book onthe details of dress and toilet of such a na- tion as the Greeks is of interest, but as anaid to our comprehension of the peoplethemselves; an assistance, by means of the outer symbols, to tracing their inner life; foras Miss Abrahams concludes her book: us? " It can hardly be questioned that the free- " doni and simplicity of their dress was to a" great extent the cause of the development«• of the spendid physique which the Greeks" undoubtedly enjoyed.Their loose draperies" allowed their limbs perfect freedom, and" their bodies were unhampered by constraint44 of any kind. In the palaestra and the gym- 44 nasium, air and sunlight were allowed to44 exercise their salutary influence, for the44 Greeks were not 4 ashamed of their own na- " ked skin,' and so discarded their clothing44 when in pursuit of their athletic occupations.44 The healthy state of body thus preserved no" doubt had its share in fostering that healthy44 state of mind to which are due the sanity44 and sobriety that characterise all Greek44 thought, whether expressed in literature,44 art, or philosophy. "&amp; The cover of the volume, which is taste- fully decorated with one of the designs onthe fragment of a sarchofagus, (pg 196)completes a very delightful book, and onewhich every sensible actor and actress willbuy at once. &amp; HANDBUCH BER KOSTUMKUNDE.W. Quinke. J. J. Webet. Eeipzic Mks. 7.50.'"phe third and enlarged edition of HerrQuinke's work on the History of Costumehas reached us. It is profusely illustratedand in it we may trace the development ofcostume from the earliest times down to theyear 1848.&amp; The study of costume is one of the mostabsorbing and fascinating to which the stu- dent of the stage can give his attention, notthat he may slavishly imitate, but that, learn- ing how races, personalities, characters,have expressed themselves through the me- dium of costume during many centuries, hemay be enabled to design such dresses for hisown purposes as shall express the very spirit ofhis dreams. &amp; &amp; JS?It would be hard for the stage directorto over-estimate the importance of costumeas a revelation of the character of the wea- rer. It was a wise saying of Ruskin's 44 abeautiful soul will desire to dress itself beau- tifully", and Spenser's old couplet,44 For of the soule the bodye forme doth take,For soule is forme, and doth the bodye make "might not only refer to the influence of thespirit in moulding its fleshly garment, butalso to the shaping of the outer garment in which that body is wrapped. &amp; &amp;&amp; Indeed, in the study of national costumesit will be found repeatedly that, not onlydid the character of a nation determine theform of its dress, but that the form of thedress reacted upon the life of the nation asin the case of the ancient Greeks, whosespendid physique is by students attributedlargely, and doubtless justly, to the looseand unencumbering dress they wore.Herr Quinke's book contains 459 costumedesigns with descriptive text and is renderedmore convenient for reference by a wellarranged index. O THER DA YS by William Winter.Moffat, Yard &amp; Co, Do/s: 3.00 Net. &amp;| n this book Mr William Winter, until re- cently the dramatic critic of the New YorkHerald, recalls and commemorates a numberof actors and actresses of the past gene- ration.Finding little but evil in the present, he isnot one of those who look on hopefully tothe future but finds his consolation in dwel- ling on the theatrical past. JZ?For the writers and dramatists of his ownday he seems to have only condemnation,for as a proof of McCullough's 44 soundjudgment and correct taste " he quotes hiswords about Whitman, 44 they have beenreading some of the spavined stuff that hehas written. It is a Profanation to talk ofsuch a writer as a poet, " and he himselfdescribes as "sickly humbugs" Maeterlinck,Sudermann and Shaw. &amp;&amp; He has, however, some interesting thingsto tell us of that past generation in which hepuis his faith. Of Jefferson, for example, weread, 44 No actor ever was more scrupulous,44 punctilious and imperative In his insistence44 on the ideal as opposed to the actual. That44 principle was at the basis of his acting. He44 abhorred realism. &amp; &amp; &amp;Among those actors and actresses treatedof, besides Mc Cullough and Jefferson, areJohn Brougham, Dion Boucicault, CharlotteCushman, Edward Sothern, Laurence Barrett,Mary Anderson, Adelaide Neilson and HenryIrving. &amp; 0 JOSEPH &amp; HIS BRETHREN by CharlesWells. Henry Frowde.This reprint, with its Introduction byAlgernon Swinburne and its note on Rossettiand Charles Wells by Theodore Watts Duntonis one we would warmly recommend to our readers. jg?The poem was first published in 1824under the pseudonym of H. L. Howard, andis far too little known to the student ofEnglish poetry and drama. &amp;&amp; It was from the first almost unanimouslyneglected, although containing proof enoughthat it was the work of " one only lesserthan the greatest of his time in some of thegreatest qualities of his art jzr&amp; So completely, in fact, was it forgottenthat, to quote Mr Swinburne, 44 Only by suchhappy chance as sometimes may come to thehelp of assiduous research " has it been44 dug up from the cemetaries of literature" At rare casual Intervals " he goes on, "some44 thin and reedy note of eulogy has been44 uttered over the grave of a noble poem, be- " witched, as it were to a sleep like death, and" has always hitherto failed of a hearing 44 Notwithstanding, the truth remains, that the44 author of " Joseph and his Brethren " will44 some day have to be acknowledged among44 the memorable men of the second great44 period in our poetry".This was the play which Rossetti declaredto be 44 more Shakespearean than anythingelse out of Shakespeare ", an opinion fullyendorsed by other men of genius to whosenotice the work was brought. &amp;£/ In spite of this, however, it remainedunknown and unread, and, as Mr WattsDunton writes, 44 the neglect the book suffered44 must always remain a striking example of&lt;4 the way in which the prosperity of any work44 of art, from a joke to an epic, depends upon44 the mind of the public to which it is addres- sed and this 4 mind * is too often but amixture of ignorance and &amp;It will be only when the public, insteadof criticizing or condemning, learns oncemore to obey and follow the artists, to turnto them as teachers from whom to learninstead of treating them as protegds to bepatronized, that these things will ceaseto be. &amp; BELL'S MINIATURE SERIES OFMUSICIANS.PURCELL by J. F. RUN CI MAN. GeorgeBell &amp; Sons.Mr Runclman has written a readableand instructive book about our greatNational English Composer goes withoutsaying.We would ask, however, if the vials of his wrath and scorn have not been poured out toolavishly upon the unfortunate later composersof Church Music. When he asserts, (page is)that 44 the school of English religious com- 44 posers ended with Orlando Gibbons44 in 1625 " and that 44 since then we have44 had no religious musicians " the name ofSamuel Sebastion Wesley, to mention noothers, at once comes to mind. There was agenius second alone to PurcelTs. &amp;And on reading (page 51) that *4 Dido and44 Aeneas was very well performed by stu«44 dents some years since " it seemed to usthat we had heard of other performancesworth mentioning, and seeking to refresh ourmemory in Grove's Dictionary,... that Whi- taker of Music.... we chanced upon a littlearticle recording the performances by MessrsGordon Craig and Martin Shaw. Memoryindeed plays strange tricks when Mr Runcimanmentions an ordinary routine students ma- tinee of the Royal College of Music and for- gets a series of productions, not only of Didoand Aeneas, but the Masque from Diocletianwhich, if we are not mistaken, aroused someattention in the art world of London.&amp; Apart from these points, Mr Runclman'slittle brochure should be read by all Purcelllovers. &amp; &amp; Mr JUSTICE RAFFLES by E, W,Hornung. Smith Elder &amp; Co. &amp; jg&gt;&amp; This is a book which we warmly recom- mend to actors, tinkers, tailors, stars, stagemanagers, soldiers, sailors, door keepers anddramatists alike, for it is one which passesthe time interestingly and is a delightfulcompanion for the busy man. jgr*4 Raffles" should particularly appeal toactors since he has himself something of thegood actor about him; at any rate, he hasthis qualification, ... that he is a rogue and avagabond, which is more than can be said ofmost actors of today ! jgr „&amp; The volume deals technically with mate- rial itself, the ways of applying it and ofobtaining the various results desired andcontains a valuable series of illustrationstaken, in various stages of development,from the 44 make-ups " of the writer himself,one of the finest of which make-ups we findto be that of Napoleon. This book is, in fact,the only serious guide that a young actor canhave for 44 making up" faces.•£* The book seems to us, however, beyondbeing an interesting description of presentmethods, a remarkably strong argument infavour of the return of the mask to the stage;for if the face of the actor Is, by means ofpaste, powder and colour, to be altered outof all recognition, used only as a foundationupon which to model the desired features,why not simply cover the original featureswith the image of the personality which itis wished to represent ? /g? jg?Why paint the face until it resembles amask for a few hours when a mask can bemade of ivory or wood which will last forever ? &amp; jg/ THE ART OF THEATRICAL MARE-UPby Cavendish Morton. A. &amp;. C. Black.5\-net.Mr Cavendish Morton is in this booktreating of a subject upon which he is, byexperience, well qualified to speak, since hehas not only his own experiments upon whichto base his directions but has also had theopportunity of watching and studying themethods adopted by Sir Henry Irving, SirHerbert Tree, M. de Max and other mastersof the craft. THE APPRECIATION OF THE DRAMAby C. Caffin. Baker &amp; Taylor Co,New York,'"jphis book, which, remarkably well printedand illustrated, is worthy of the Housewhich issues it, pleases us rather for thesetwo qualities than for any actual value itmay have for serious students of the stage:for while Mr Caffin, upon the subject ofpictures, writes with authority, he hardlygives us the impression of having devoted tothe art and history of the theatre that wideand serious study which is necessary forthe production of a work which shall be ofreal assistance to other students. jg?Some of the questions he raises go fardeeper than one who has not seriously studiedthe whole history and tendency of the theatrethrough the centuries can perceive, as when,for example, in his chapter on "The Play"the author writes, 44 If Shakespeare werealive today is it reasonable to suppose44 that he would not make use of every advan- " tage that the modern stage presents " ?Perhaps he would; perhaps he would not; butthe question of importance is rather, wouldhe find advantage in the use of the elaborateand complicated adjuncts of the modernstage ?&amp; Again, when on page 239 Mr Caffin writes with reference to the technique of tragedy" The Greek is not so complex or so threaded" through and through with significance of" detail, because the motive is neither so reali- " stic nor so penetratingly psychological " theimpression conveyed is rather that he consi- ders that our modern drama is an improvementon the Greek and that the movement hasbeen progressive, whereas a more seriousstudent would decide from these two veryfacts that it had been the rather retrogradeThere is perhaps a little too much aboutIbsen in the book, and the reader* s ownintelligence might have been assumed suf- ficient to enable him to appreciate certainrather obvious qualities of the great Scan- dinavian playwright without such detailedexplanation, but we believe that the averageplay-goer will find no small pleasure andinstruction in this volume, slight though itbe, and anything which tends to produce aserious interest in the theatre, to lead thepublic to look upon it as something morethan an after-dinner resort for the displayof diamonds and for social intercourse is wel- come as furthering in some degree the pro- gress of the Art. &amp; fmy * "W KJ V A V AAA RW CiSwP WXairCRIMINAL TYPES IN SHAKESPEAREby A. GoIL Met hit en &amp; Co.Jncreasingly year by year is "the objectall sublime " of modern penal systems, asit was of W. S. Gilbert's well known charac- ter, to " make the punishment fitthe crime",and, for the achievement of this end,to guage the amount of actual culpability inthe criminal, the primary causes which ledto his action, the extent to which he ismorally responsible or merely the uncon- scious victim of the law of causes andeffects: and it is to this study of the "cri- minal human type as a special anthropolo- gical problem" that Herr Goll, the chiefmagistrate of Aarhus, has devoted his inter- resting book.&amp; It is not, however, living criminals thatHerr Goll chooses here as the subjects ofhis study, but the ever-living figures ofShakespeare; and, by analysing their actions,tracing them back to the instincts and impul- ses of which they are the expression, heseeks to solve that problem which has puz- zled so many generations before as well assince Lear put the question, " Is there anycause in nature that makes these hard hearts"?&amp; In the old despotic days guilt and inno- cence were often largely dependent upon social position. Might was right; the manwho was up was judge and the man who wasdown was criminal; guilt was much a matterof points of view, and any assertion of rightson the part of the lower was punished bythe upper as a crime. But now we are pas®sing beyond such arbitrary superficial distincttions and are constantly forced to admit thetruth that "change places and, handy-dandy,which is the justice and which the thief?"" For, the further the study of criminalpsychology is pushed, the more do we seethe old penal system undermined by deter- " minism," that " law of causes entering themental domain "; the more do we realise thatthe punishment of external criminal acts isbut a superficial matter compared with theunderstanding of crime itself, and that to get tothe roots of the matter crime must be "studied" under the microscope as asickly growth," its innermost nature must be traced," its origin, its conditions of life, its phases" of development, its means of propagation "•The object of the present volume Is, HerrGoll tells us, " The study of the first of" all causes, the criminal himself.... the" criminal ego, its physical and psychic per- " sonality: the criminal' s way of thinking," his feeling, passions, intelligence and charac- " ter", and for his study he turns to theworks of the greatest English poet. &lt;£?&amp; In his Introductory chapter the authorreviews briefly the " literature of crime"as a means of gaining information, of throw- ing light upon the obscure problems of crimi- nal psychology and accentuates the importanceto criminal psychologists of " the literature" written by those to whom the wonderful" power has been given of changing their" mental skins, of identifying themselves with"others, of thinking, reasoning, feeling like" those other selves. " These intellectual mas- " ters", he asserts, " mean, as regards know- " ledge, almost as much as a Newton, Darwin," Pasteur, mean to the science of nature," allow us to read the soul of the crimi- " nal like an open book;" and though ofsuch men he finds in the present but onewhose authority is incontestable, the RussianDostoieffsky, the supreme master he declaresto be Shakespeare, who, although he livedthree hundred years ago, is the only mancapable of teaching us, "if anybody can teachus, criminal psychology " &amp;Passing on from his fine tribute to thewhole spirit and achievement of Shakespeare, it is with his work as criminal psychologistthat Herr Goll is solely occupied in thepresent volume. Finding Caliban " in a man- ner the criminal in pure cultivation, the cellwhich contains the germ of all later creationshaving like tendencies and inclinations" and,starting from this point, he proceeds in thesucceeding essays to examine some ofCaliban ' s descendants,.... Brutus and Cas- sius, (representing political criminals); (Mac- beth, Lady Macbeth, lago and Richard \\\.&amp;Of pecular interest is the study of LadyMacbeth who is cited as an excessive type ofthat altruism which is at the root of the majo- rity of what may be described as typicalwomen's crimes. In these cases, far from beingexpressive of criminal instinct, it is preciselythe woman ' s devotion to those whose well- being she has most at heart that blinds herto the rights of others: and, since it is notselfish advantage which prompts her, shedoes not commit her crime like a criminalbut prompted by the highest motives andsecure in the conviction of acting rightlysince she is advancing or protecting theinterests of those whom she feels it her dutyto &amp; &amp;&amp; By this fact Herr Goll Interprets the wholepuzzling prob em of Lady Macbeth ' s action,her apparent' callousness, her indifferenceto the crime committed, and shows hermadness and death as the result, not ofremorse because they had murdered Duncan,but of the fact that instead of renderingMacbeth happy the deed had but destroyedhis peace of mind.^&amp; As the author excellently and rightly af- firms, " she is not seized by remorse; to" casual spectators only a sort of naive" audience .... does the word * remorse '" promptly occur, when they see how she" suffers. She herself does not utter one word" which may be rightly construed as re- " morse " " She committed the crime by" reason of what constituted her innermost" nature; it arose in fact, out of the best in" her: her strong determination to give to" Macbeth the best that was in her " and itis because in some way that she does notunderstand he has been only led into suf- fering, fear, agony and reiterated crime thatshe " took off her life " and was " crushedby the play of existing forces outside herselfbecause they crushed the dearest thing sheposesssed." &amp;&amp; No less penetrating and masterly is the method of analysis applied to lago, the cynicwhose work it is to destroy faith in all good,belief in all beauty; to disillusion, to passlike a blighting wind across the landscape ofeach life with which he comes in touch. Alight sin, perhaps, at first glance, and yetthe deadliest, for; "Kill the power of confi- " dence, the possibility of confidence in huma- " nity, and human society becomes impossible"the source of the stream is interrupted, and" barrenness will prevail where before reigned" blessed activity"."This is lago's crime against" Othello.... the greatest crime which can" be committed. Put humanity in the place of" Othello and lago becomes the greatest cri- " minal in the world." &amp; &amp;And is not this, only putting an audiencein place of Othello, just what some of ourmodern playwrights are prone to do ? Theysneer at good, mock at beauty, prostitutetruth, kill faith in all lovely and noble things,and, while undermining the very foundationsof the commonweal, yet pose as " honestlago", the saviours and protectors of thatwhich they destroy. &amp;JZ? Space does not allow of comment uponthe other characters chosen for study, butwe would say in conclusion that this is abook which should prove invaluable to theactor who studies earnestly the roles allot- ted to him, while it is equally to be re- commended to readers of Shakespeare, and toall who concern themselves with that my- sterious and complex thing, the psychologyof crime. &amp; WIT AND HUMOUR OF THE STAGE.G. W. Jacobs &amp; Co. Philadelphia.J11 this amusing little yoliime have beencollected together a number of very excel- lent stories about actors on and off the stage.As the writer says in his Prologue, " fromthe days of the strolling player to the pre- sent, the noble guild of mummers has per- force been possessed of an inexhaustiblyhappy unconcern and a very pretty wit;"and we can give no better idea of the pre- sent book than by quoting one or two of thegood things it contains." Once Henry Irving, while playing Mac- beth in London, was somewhat disconcertedby one of the " gallery gods ". He had reach- ed the point where Macbeth orders Ban- quo's ghost to leave the banquet board." Hence, horrible shadow, unreal mockery,hence " exclaimed Irving in his most tragic tones, and with a convulsive shudder sankto the ground, drawing his robes about hisface. Just as Banquo withdrew, an agitatedcockney voice from up in the gallery, as ifto reassure Irving, piped out, 44 It's all rightnow, 4Enery, 4e4s gone ! "&amp; Here too Is a good story about John Ryder,teacher of elocution and at one time Macrea- dy's leading man, 44 He was on one occasion stage-managinga play in which a tremendous thunder-stormoccurred. Ryder had called half-a-dozenspecial rehearsals of this storm, but he couldnot get the stage hands to obtain enoughnoise out of boxes and cannon balls. In theend he got exasperated, and, In a temper,called out to the flymen, 4That won't do atall. You must get more rattle. "&amp; 44 As it happened a genuine and violentthunder-storm was in full blast in the hea- vens at the time, and it was after the 'artil- lery of the clouds' had been doing its bestthat Ryder was the most dissatisfied. 'Louder!Louder!' shouted Ryder. The flyman shoutedin return, 'Beg pardon, sir; that wasn't me.That was God Almighty.' J£?44 Well" roared Ryder, ,'that may be loudenough for God Almighty, but it won't dofor Jack Ryder." &amp;&amp; And here is the story of an incident be- fore which all records of English 'deadheads'surely pale! &amp; &amp; &amp;A manager was taking a company on tourin the West of America. One night he metan influential citizen in a hotel, and beforethey parted the manager had invited thecitizen to come to his show the next nightand 44 bring his family ". About eight o'clockthe next night the man put his head into thebox-office window and was immediately re- cognised by the manager. 44 How many haveyou with you ? " the latter asked pleasantly,as he prepared to write out the pass. "Wellsome of my family are sick' " replied the man,"so I have been able to bring only forty-two!""you see," commented the teller of thestory, 44 my friend had quite forgotten hewas in Salt Lake City. The influential citizenwas a Mormon. " ! ! These three extracts will serve to show thecharacter of this little volume, which werecommend to all who need that best oftonics, a hearty laugh. &amp; "ARGUS" A fortnightly journal.Helsingfors. Finland. &amp; &amp;rgus " continues to grow more inte- resting to us; but it would be yet moreinteresting in our opinion if it contained more regularly some notice of the Finnishtheatre. We should welcome the news thatFinland possessed a living theatre; or shouldbe equally content if it were announced thatthe theatre were dead. &amp; &amp;&amp; What we mean is that something defi- nite is gained by either announcement.But among recent articles which have givenus great pleasure is that by Emil Ziiliacus,one of the foremost critics of the north, whowrites exceedingly well upon the Swedishpoet Vilhelm Ekelund. He is charmed withthe two works of this poet; " The AntiqueIdeal " and the " Greek Bouquet ". and onefeels how good these two books must bewhen one reads this finely felt and finelywritten criticism of these two works writtenby a poet in prose who knows how to chantas well as to sing. jg? jg? CRITICS CRITICISED Bone's.... art has been mentioned44 with Meryon's. Meryon was a dreamer;44 the streets of his Paris are haunted, the win- 44 dows eloquent of tragedy. Mr Bone creates" the ordinariness of the London Suburb44 with as rare an art, in his way, as Dickens.44 He has his romantic moments, chiefly be- 44 fore the spectacle of Labour. When in this44 mood he is akin to Brangwyn and Mr Kip44 ling." -*? &amp;This was written in 1907 in an EnglishArt Magazine. May we shortly expect some&gt;thing like the following? 44 Mr PROUD'S art44 in its romantic moments recalls vividly the«4 style of ALEXANDRE DUMAS and that of«4 another, (whose name we must not forget)44 MISS MARIE CORELLI. At the same time44 it is not to be denied that in his sea pieces44 one almost feels the nervous touch of one,44 (whose name will never be forgotten)....of HORATIO NELSON. In his battle pieces44 the direct influence of HOMER is obvious44 at first sight, yet on second thoughts it is44 another name which occurs to us,.... we44 mean LORD KITCHENER. Still here we must44 agree with Fusser that in the handling of 44 the guns in the foreground of his great44 canvass 44 The Flight of the British Army44 before Berlin " he Is not to be ranked with44 HERKOMER whose treatment of the same44 subject is far more spirited, influenced as44 it is by one whose name we will never.4 forget to drag in.... we mean PRINCE44 BISMARK. &amp; &amp;&amp; Now how is it that the English criticcannot resist mentioning half a dozen namesof famous men when he wants to speak wellor ill of some young painter ? What on earthhas Mr Bone done that Kipling should beinvoked ? ... and why not let poor Dickensrest quietiy without reminding him (and us)of the destruction of London ? &amp;So with Mr Shannon. The London criticwho does not mutter to himself about44 theinfluence of Mr Watts " feels that his con- fession is not genuine. How right in feelingthis is, for only the one confession will everatone, 441 know nothing "! Mr Nicholson can- not paint a picture without the critic allu- ding to Hogarth, Rolandson, Smollett andDick Ttirpin. Mr Ricketts has only to engravea piece of unsullied box for the critic todrawl out, 44 Early Italian Masters, Rossetti,Longus, Sandys and Bewick ". It is the cra- ziest way of pretending to be critical toquote a string of names of men whose names andnot their work is in some way associated withthe subject or materials used by these youngartists. 1 should like to know to exactly howmany masters of Painting, Literature, Music,Architecture, Chemistry and Military ScienceMr Augustus John and Mr Gordon Craig havenot been compared. And yet how can MrJohn be compared with Sir William Jenner,or Mr Craig with Sir John Moore ... ? FOREIGN NOTES. LONDON R. S. '"Jphe Pantomime season is here. It startedwith 44 The Blue Bird " and ends withBine Beard ". &amp; In none of these dramas for children isthe story made at all clear. The childrenwill believe that 44 BIue=Beard " is somethingto do with a man who throws up into theair a quantity of plates and catches themeasily, and those who see the 44 Blue Bird "will remember that there was a lot of loudmusic without any haunting tune, a lot ofgirls imitating the imitations of Miss MaudAllen and a quantity of ill bred animals. Theywill never want to see a London cat again aslong as they live lest it should suddenlyspeak to them with a strong Cockney accent.The animals in the 44 Blue Bird " are alarming.The Rabbit is like a Penguin; the Ox likea Walrus and the rest like other sea monsters.The order to the animals seems to have been,44 flap your hands about and waddle and letMr Clarkson do the rest".The Dog was good. The Bread was good.44 The Water " seemed to have got mixed withThe Milk " and "The Milk " with " The Wa- ter ". 44 The Fire " being enacted by MrVolkes had to kick his legs,... nobody knowswhy: possibly in London nobody cares, but Ihave reason to doubt this. 44 The Light" wasvery seriously considered by a beautiful youngactress, but as she could not illumine the partin any way the lime-light men had to do it forher. She spoke the lines of Maeterlinck asthough they expressed the saddest thingsknown to men or angels; it would have beenmore beautiful had she said nothing.The scene painters had also managed towork up their saddest feelings; one could hearthe tremble of their voices; it made their handsshake, The costumes almost broke into tears;the music sobbed itself hoarse, a very tempestof sorrow broken every now and again by aflashlight signal, 44 seven minutes interval ".When the seven minutes were up Time wascalled and the misery of searching for Happi- ness was once again told us, shown to us,sung to us and danced to us. JZ&gt;To all these fairy figures on the stagemystery seemed a terrible and awesome thing:they all seemed to tremble with apprehension.Only two figures seemed entirely at ease;these were the two human children whowere seeing all these revelations for the firsttime. Nothing seemed to awe them; they tookeverything as a matter of course. 44 Fairies ?44 pooh I we know better and if you are4 fairies, we don't care anyhow. Giants ? oh,what a bore!"&amp; As these children dominated the play the result was dreadfulIn short, there was pathos where thereshould have been laughter, perkiness wherethere should have been timidity or wonder- merit; monkeying where there should havebeen mystery.&amp; Yet Mr Max Beerbohm and Mr WilliamArcher liked it all and tell us that they can'tsee how It could have been done better.After that it Is really somewhat presumptuousof us to hold any opinion. HYSTERIA. B. P. the Afternoon Theatre Madame LydiaYovorskaia, known in private life as Prin=cess Bariabinsky, has been appearing, amongother roles, as 44 La Dame aux Camelias " and44 Hedda Gabler".j£? The 44 Atheneum, in writing of the per- formances, describes her as 44 an actress of44 unusual emotional sensibility". 44She was"continues the critic, 44 at her best in44 depicting the sorrows of Dumas' sentimental44 courtesan. In her capacity for abandoning44 herself to the luxury of grief she has no equal44 on the English stage, Hysteria seems to be44 the note of her art, but she is far from44 being monotonous or consistently lachry- 44 mose On the whole she has produced44 a very favourable impression " Yes, we do not doubt it; and it is just in thatfact that the harm lies. If these exhibitions ofhysteria and gloom had aroused contemptand detestation in the audience it wouldhave been a healthier sign. JZ? &lt;£?&amp; Medical testimony has been broughtforward in proof of the phsychological influ- ence exerted upon an audience by what passesbefore its eyes in a theatre, and yet while, inlife, we respect the women who are coura- geous, who wear a gay mask for the worldwhatever be their private sorrows, who haveself control and strength of will and purpose,we allow these gloomy and lachrymose exhibi=tions upon our stage.jz? The Greeks used to set up figures of thegods in their public places so that the boysand girls, having constantly before them thesesane and splendid examples might grow likethem. We, less wise than they, publiclyexhibit weakness, gloom and hysteria, and then wonder at the hysteria of the suffragettes. G. N in Theatre or Cathedra? there isan absence of Life in the services.I was in Westminster Abbey on Christmasafternoon. Handel's Anthem 492 was to be sung. Bridge was at the organ. A wonderfullyclear and steady boy's voice came from thechoir. But enthusiasm or life there was none.1 could not understand why it delayed coming.I waited and waited in the hope that somespark would set aS! my being aglow. Nothing!...Handel's Anthem was over without havingonce come to life. Still I waited 44 Hark,the herald angels sing " was down on theslip of paper in front of roe...... And nowthey are singing it mow it is over Nothing! No enthusiasm, no glow, no life in it.I expected the expression of Joy so tremensdous that everyone's face would have beenlighted up, everyone's body aieri and tin=»gling, every voice responding. Instead of thisNothing. &amp;&amp; 1 look around rne. Everyone looks tired orsad,... precise or dead.... no one Is warm.A Christmas carol follows..,. the writerof it has made something very delightfulwhich the interpreters have doled out to usas people give halfpennies to beggars. Thesingers dragged precisely as actors drag.They ladled out the rhythms like a thicksoup.All Handel is not dirge nor is all Shake- speare; in fact both writers are joyous why then this dull=joy way of uttering bothmasters?.... JZ?To be enthusiastic seems to be a crimein London.... to shout for joy a blunder...to be moved a vice. The well-starched soulof the precise Londoner is a naked and hor=&gt;rible sight. One prefers the more uncouthJaeger soul of the Shaws... .. But is theresome third spirit in London, somethingwith Life in it that is neither mineral norvegetable ? &amp; &amp;It is not to be felt in the Theatres nor inthe Churches. Perhaps it is cowering in theSlums, for London is more Tyranniccal than all the Caesars and Popes of Italy and no warm sun comes through the win- dows at Westminster. WOMEN IN THE THEATRE. A. S. ''jphe talk turned the other day upon actres- ses and how it might come to pass sooneror later that women would no longer find itconvenient to waste themselves on the stage.Somebody,... and it was indeed Some- body ... said, "The Stage would be very dullwithout women on the boards 99 (i).It was a lady who said this; she is a very1) Is the "real tear" the actresses' protest against dulness in the(theatre of the Ancients ? Ed. famous actress. It would be a little difficultto explain to a celebrated actress that thestage might be less dull under the conditionswhich permitted none but men on the boardsfor her personal beauty and her influenceon those around her compel our admirationtoo readily. But it cannot be forgotten ..,indeed, it may well be carefully remembe- red ... that the actress is a quite modernaddition to the Theatre and that the Thea- tre was not so very dull before she tenderedher assistance.In the East until quite recently theactress was unknown. In the West there wasthe theatre of Aeschylus, Sophocles, Euripi- des and Aristophanes and none but men per- formed. There was the stage of Shakespearewith men only for all roles.These two periods cannot be entirelydisregarded. The impersonators of the rolesof Klytemnestra, Elektra, Alkestis, Kassan- dra, Medela and Phaidra cannot have beenentirely dull since the whole Greek nation,...a nation not entirely devoid of taste or thepower of criticism ... received the imperso- nations with enthusiasm. &amp;It cannot but be supposed that the Greekshad weighed the advantages and disadvan- tages of employing women for the femaleroles and decided against the women onlyafter considerable doubt.In like manner the poets of the Elizabe- than era must have given the question fullconsideration. Yet these writers came to thesame conclusion and decided that it wasbetter for none but men to perform.&amp; Women accompanied the minstrels of theMiddle Ages; why did the poets deny themaccess to the stage ? The Elizabethan agewas in no way straight-laced. The wholequestion then must have turned upon thedifference between male and female intelli- gence. &amp;For my part I think that a dull stageis duller without actresses, but that a virileand spontaneous drama has no need of theirassistance.j&amp; The other day in The Mask ProfessorRaleigh was quoted on this matter. It cando no harm to requote him:... 44 Poetry, like religion is outraged whenit is made a platform for the exhibition oftheir own talent and passion by those whoare its ministers. With the disappearance ofthe boy-players the poetic drama died inEngland, and it has had no second life." J. B. Jn London Scenepainters still derive theirinspiration from' pictures and photographsinstead of from nature. I speak of the youn- ger men. The old fellows are just as good asever they were.44 How else can I paint the walls of Jeru- 44 salem or the banks of the Nile unless I44 work from photographs ? " cries an exas- perated scenepainter to me. &amp; that is true how else ? G. N,''jphe actors, even the actor-managers, ofwhat is called the legitimate drama aregoing upon the Halls. Mr Seymour Hicks hasgone, Mr Bourchier and his beautiful wifehave gone ... Mr Cyril Maude is going.They go there to make money you think?..Not at all... they go to prove how superioran actor of the legitimate drama is to theordinary rogue and vagabond actor of theHalls. &amp;And they have not made it quite clear so far ,.... now it is Mr Maude's turn. EDITORIAL NOTES. J. S. ''phe Censorship Enquiry Committee hasfinally published its report in a Blue Bookof three hundred pages. The labours of thegentlemen who composed it are therefore atan end. Everybody has spoken a great deal.Some have spoken extremely well: indeed,the power of speaking of some of theplaywrights and others who have expressedtheir views is so well known that any praiseof them would be but painting the lily. Ithas been a fine opportunity for the airing ofgrievances, though some of these, which hadappeared most solid and well-establishedwhen kept in a dark seclusion, melted intomist in the light of publicity as do certainwell preserved Etruscan corpses when touch- ed by the intrusive light of day.At all events, we now know the best andthe worst about Mr Redford. We know that in fourteen years he has read seven thousandplays,... and is yet alive. We know that ofthese he has only rejected thirty, of whichbut five were English. We admit that hemay have been mistaken in one or otherof these five, but then Mr Redford is madeof the same clay as Mr Bernard Shaw, and toerr is Shavian. What surprises us is that thedenial of five English plays to a satiatedpublic should have aroused in so large aparty of gentlemen the desire to cast MrRedford to the lions. Even supposing he werewrong, five errors in fourteen years is amoderate figure for any one but the Omni- potent Himself. &amp; &amp; &amp;Of course Mr Archer now says 44 the argu- ment from numbers is no argument at all ".We should have thought it was. It is undenia- bly unfortunate that one man ' s head shouldbe cut off by mistake through an error ofjustice, but it seems to us certainly an ex- tenuating circumstance that the numberwas one and not five score. &amp;In fact, on the whole, Mr Redford seemsto have discharged his functions very credi- tably, and we are glad to see him establishedin his office and to know that in those caseswhere a producer chooses to disregard him,...and that option is now given ... the respon- sibility shall be his own, and the costs,.. .possibly heavy ones in case of any indiscretion,shall also be his own.Of course a large number of personsremain unsatisfied, because it is not theCensor' s individual actions so much as hismere existence which they cannot away with.They cannot breathe freely while he, in hisofficial capacity, walks the earth. JZZAnd yet it is just his existence which is sosalutary ,... far more so than the occasionalprohibitive measures he adopts, as when hefinds it necessary to control Mr BernardShaw ' s wayward fancy as to the names ofthe characters he wishes to bring upon thestage. &amp; For instance, Mr Wells declares that44 TheCensorship, with its quite wanton powerof suppression, has always been one of thereasons why I haven ' t ventured into play- writing ". 4&amp; JSf Far be it from us to attempt to estimatewhat the stage has lost by this caution onthe part of the author of 44 Ann Veronicabut we might remind Mr Wells that thehangman is only a terror to the law-breaker,and that the average citizen, so long as he does not break the laws, has no need to callthat official ' s existence to mind at all.Besides, Mr Wells is the creater of the44 Time machine ... Create others, Mr Wells,they are superb.&lt;£* Again, Mr Barker felt himself aggrievedbecause in accepting a play recently forperformance in his theatre he had to makethe acceptance conditional upon the approvalof the Censor. J&amp; &amp;&amp; It grieves us not to find ourselves entirelyin sympathy with Mr Barker, for whose workwe have a sincere admiration, recognisingin him one of the ablest workers in theEnglish theatre, but we hardly think thatthe welfare of the stage would be imperillednor its liberties seriously infringed shouldthis play, (which treats of the love of a manfor his father' s wife) fail to satisfy MrRedford ' s sense of what is fit. J£? &lt;£?As for the plea advanced that the existenceof the Censor deprives the theatre of theliberty permitted to the other arts, it is soshallow a one that a moment's recollectionof the different conditions of those otherarts is sufficient to refute it. &amp;JS? As we have pointed out before, manythings are permissable, legitimate, fit andbeautiful in paint or marble which wouldbe both offensive and ridiculous when re- presented by living actors on a stage; andanother factor to be taken into account,besides the living actors, is the presence ofthe audience. There are things which, whis- pered to one person, may be entirely seemly,but which become idiotic if not outrageouswhen proclaimed to a mixed assembly. Thereare certain sights which are vulgarised bythe mere presence of spectators,... a factemphasised recently in an American theatrewhere a young lady of exuberant charm wasexhibited in an aquatic scene clad only in abathing dress, and, lest the audience shouldmiss the point, a44 peeping Tom" in theperson of a photographer was introducedpeering over a rock in th 3 corner of the stage.Yes, certainly we still need the Censor,and we are glad to see that the final resultof this long and searching enquiry shouldhave re-established him. We may be said tohave won. How awful! One battle the less!Gentlemen, it was downright unfair of youto give in Compliments &amp;nd where does Shakespeare come in? "That is our feeling upon reading thereport of the address lately delivered by Mr Bernard Shaw at the animal meeting of theOxford University Drama. Society in supportof a Shakespeare Memorial National Theatre.As Ruskin complained that in a certainNativity by Ghirlandajo the one thing whichwas missing was the Baby, so the poet uponwhose name the whole project is ostensiblyfounded is the one man who seems to haveno place in Mr Shaw's speech. &amp; &lt;£?&amp; We might observe, incidentally, that, inconsideration of certain past opinions expres- sed by Mr Shaw upon the great Englishdramatist we think the whole subject is oneupon which he would have done better to keepsilence, as, even if forgotten by him, theyare yet fresh in the minds of others.Mr Shaw however, is one of those who 44 letthe dead past bury Its dead". As-lie hasentombed such memories as the FabianSociety and certain Sunday afternoons inTrafalgar Square, so he has consigned tooblivion certain utterances about Shakespeareand is now ready to 44 act in the livingpresent" by soliciting contributions for atheatre to keep the poet's memory green.Personally we are inclined to think thatit is rahther the work of Mr Shaw and hisfriends which is to be advanced by this newplay house which they appear to desire soardently, for, apart from the small roleShakespeare is to play in the programme, wedo not see why he is likely to be more wor=thily represented in a State=endowed theatrethan in a theatre of private enterprise.&amp; Mr Shaw is reported as having said tohis audience that if they wanted to be amelodramatic nation they must not have anational theatre but if they wanted to be acultured, poetic, philosopical nation theymust have one.But why? Like Miss Dartle, We 44 only askfor information.We do not find so remarkable and beneficialan influence exercised by the many Stateendowed theatres in Europe: and, as for thesubscribers to this proposed national theatre,their position, as we have said before, willbe this.... They will first of all pay for thefounding of their theatre and they will thenhave to pay every time they wish to makeuse of their theatre, which, from the subscri- bers ' point of view, is undoubtedly badeconomics, whatever it may be from that ofMr Shaw and his followers. £?But it is obvious that Mr Shaw mustsupport the National Theatre as he has just finished writing a National Drama. And itIs obvious that any National Drama of Eng- land must play Mr Shaw ' s drama. &amp;&amp; The two, Shaw and Nation, are at lastlinked Inseparably together. Let us all rejoice.Mr Shaw is tamed at last, and we have nofurther use for him. &amp; &amp;'jphe 44 New York Times " has been gatheringthe opinions of some of the leading actorsand students of the American stage as towhether the public goes to the theatre tosee or to hear the play; whether the primaryappeal is to the eyes or to the ears.The writer of the Introduction to this4Symposium ' puts the question, 44 If two men,one .blind, the other deaf, went to a play,which would get the most out of It?" and,after dwelling upon the effect on the audienceproduced by Kean ' s voice and Macready ' sreading of his lines, goes on to quote GeorgeHenry Lewis, who writes in his Essay on4 Art as an Amusement', as follows: 44 In the44 days of Racine the audiences were delighted44 with beautiful verses and cared more for the44 rigorous fulfilment of certain critical con- 44 ditions than for 46 getting up " or exciting44 situations. The glitter of processions, the44 clash of swords, the tumult of orchestras,44 the splendour of dresses, the movement,44 noise and 4 grand effects ' which dazzle and44 confuse us were unknown to them; In the44 silence of admiration they listened to the44 cadence of a verse, tasted the delicacy of44 an expression and pondered on the subtlety44 of a thought. They left the theatre, not as44 we dq, with aching heads and confused"judgments, but with expanding minds touch- 44 ed to fine issues by the magic of art; they44 dwelt upon the characters, the passions,44 the poetry and the skill by which the poet44 had effected his object within the conditions44 of his art. Nor is this less true of Shake- 44 speare ' s audiences jgr &amp; The majority of the opinions expressedby the modern workers in the theatre assolicited by the 44 New York Times " assertthat it is to see rather than to hear that theaudience assembles, though Professor Bram- der Matthews, while admitting that the ap- peal of the play is 44 primarily to the mind44 in the sense that light travels more quick- 44 ly than sound and that a gesture will reach44 the spectator before a spoken word " yet44 holds that inasmuch as in a broader sense44 the dramatic appeal is primarily to the44 mind " the spoken word is after all the elemental medium of that appeal. up Professor Brander Matthews * and MrKyrle Bellew 7 s voices are, however almostthe only dissentient JZ? -Z?Mr Augustus Thomas has come forward asthe unhesitating champion of the opinionthat the appeal to the eye is the primaryobiect of a theatrical representation. "Many44 plays he declares, 44 are written for thelibrary only" 44 One must not" he asserts,however, 44 make the mistake of saying that44 it is more for the eye than it is for the44 mind, but must remember that the eye and44 the ear are both avenues to the intelligence44 and the eye deals with it more directly. The44 stage is the avenue through which not only44 actions are eloquent, but also surround®44 ings, and these make through the eye an44 appeal that is utterly absent from the lines44 of a play and which reaches neither the44 silent reader nor the mere listener, but44 comes only to the observer". JZ? Z?4&amp; Mr Kyrle Bellew writes, 441 think the44 audience goes to the theatre to see the44 play the development of the histrio®44 nic art has been steadily away from panto®44 mime and declamation and in the direction44 of conveying the actors 7 meaning through44 the medium of the speaking voice, as people44 convey their meaning in life. The Greek44 actor, his head incased in a grotesque mask,44 declaimed in a vast open®air auditorium44 the forma! verses of his poets. His gestures,44 like the lines and their delivery, were44 formal. They were not intended, at the44 beginning, to create a realistic illusion of44 life, but to create what might be called a44 poetic or decorative illusion of life. As time44 went on the play became more and more44 an attempt to picture life as it really is,44 and so the medium which the actor uses44 came to be the medium which people use44 in life, that is, speech77 z?&amp; Mr Otis Skinner writes, 44 so much does44 the impressionism of the theatre depend44 on the development of its visual side that44 one is almost tempted to say that plays,44 like little children, should be seen and not44 heard. But this would be an obvious mis®44 statement. The play that belongs to the44 acting drama, (which is the only perfect44 form of drama) should be both seen aad44 heard. Both the eye and the ear must be44 appealed to if we would get the greatest44 results. z? &amp; z? z? z?JZ? 64 But drama is possible without the use 44 of a single spoken line..... a play is pos®44 sible without words, but without action or44 impersonation words would not form a play." The beautiful poetry of Shakespeare,44 the brilliancy of Sheriden, the epigrammatic44 wit of Wilde, Pinero or Augustus Thomas,44 appeal as strongly to us in the speaking. It44 is not these qualities of poetry or of bril®44 liaxit epigram, however, that have made44 plaj's great, but the action in the scenesbehind them. £? JZ? JZ? JZ?44 It is always wonderful to me to note44 the moments of the greatest stage effect44 in the presentation of Shakespeare ' s plays.44 In Julius Caesar it is at the conclusion44 of Anthony 7 s speech, and, despite the fact44 that it Is an oration, ft is the action of44 Anthony and the mob that gives us our thrill.441 remember hearing an old actor read this44 scene beautifully without any action from44 a mob, and being impressed only by a fine44 bit of elocution. The most impressive and44 thrilling moments of "Hamlet " are those on44 the platform at Elsinore, the ghost7 s ap®44 pearance, the melodramatic contrivances44 of the 4 play scene % Hamlet7 s mad emotio®44 nalism in the graveyard scene, the killingof Polonius and of the King, the duel withLaertes and Hamlet7 s death. 77 &lt;z? &amp;JZ? Mr Otis Skinner is delightful. Why doeshe not write much more as he writes sowell and sees so clearly ? 44 Plays, like littlechildren, should be seen and not heard " isquite admirable. JZ? £? JZ? JZ?Granville Barker, not understandingHenry Irving, has lately been very indls®creet in writing about him. He writes in anarticle upon 44 Repertory Theatres" that44theIrving idea was a very good idea.... forIrving. But what is its legacy to us ? " andthen instead of waiting for an answer MrBarker, with the nervousness of a Pilate,goes on, 44 to the' public a tradition ofknighthood and social regard. To his art, noschool of playwrights, no school of acting ".JZ? Mr Barker has more right than mostpeople to write about Henry Irving for MrBarker is a prominent personality in a pro®fession once illuminated by the personalityof Irving. That Mr Barker is at liberty topraise or blame Irving as a public man goeswithout saying... but he is not at libertyto make misstatements about Irving's legacyto his art. Irving has left a school of acting. It wasnot his affair to leave a school of playwrights. Yet it is satisfactory to find that Mr Barrkeapproves of the 44 Irving idea" and it makesus think there may be something in the ideaafter all. But we have not finished with thissentence. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; 44 The Irving idea was a very good one ..for Irving". &amp; &amp; &amp;£? The Irving idea... what is that, onewonders ? &amp; &amp;The Rubens idea... the Aeshylus idea...the Fra Angelico idea... let us see: can it bein any way compared with these ? No. TheBeethoven idea ... the Roscius idea... ah,here we are nearer to it. We wonder if MrBarker can tell us whether Roscius left aschool of playwrights or actors ? It all seems very vague and queer to us.We can understand people who speak aboutthe 44 Kindergarten Idea" or the 44 GardenCity idea " but this is, we believe, the firsttime that anyone has sprung upon us the44 Barker jSfIt is original. Mr Barker's idea Is thatartists, actors and singers are to be judgedafter their death by the idiots who misun- derstood them during their lives. It is morethan this. 44 The Barker idea" is that allartists must have an idea, or their goodwork will be lost for ever. That brings usback again to Fra Angelico. What was hisWe are told that he was a very noble44 idea " ? painter who derived his ideas (thisone may suppose being different from anIDEA) from the Bible and the Religion heloved. They tell us he left no school of Theo- logy but that some believe that his influenceupon his pupils was Well then, let it be clearly stated whatthe Irving 44 Idea" was. We are told (by one of his pupils) that hewas a very noble actor who derived his ideasfrom Shakespeare and the Religion he loved.The same authority tells us that he left noschool of Playwrights but that his influenceupon his pupils was great. &lt;£?Let us compare now Fra Angellco's legacywith Irvlng's. If our informant is correct MrBarker is wrong. &amp;&amp; Now who were the pupils of Irving ? Weare informed that they were many. Mr Lau- rence Irving, Mr Martin Harvey, Mr Haviland,Mr Reynolds, Mr Pinero, Mr Gordon Craig,Mr Norman Forbes, Mr Weedon Grossmith,and if you are curious you can find the namesof any number of talented men in theLyceum Theatre programmes. Some of thesehave become celebrated, most of them havedone admirable work, &amp;Mr Barker asserts that 44 Irving has leftus the tradition of splendid surroundings "How strange that sounds, for his pupils assert that he left us the tradition of great acting.Mr Barker was not one of Irving's pupilsand Mr Barker cannot be permitted to in- dulge in his fanciful 44 idea" of writing a44 Comic History of the Lyceum Theatre"at the expense of the Theatre of England.&amp; There is a great deal more about Irvingin this article on 44 Repertory Theatres " andit is entirely incorrect. After reading MrBarker's article we come to the conclusionthat Mr Barker no more loves the Theatrethan Mr Scott loves oysters. Mr Barker wouldlike to USE the Theatre. He should havebeen five or ten years at the Lyceum tolearn how men LOVE the Theatre.&amp; Altogether this article upon RepertoryTheatres and Irving is a revelation. Towardsthe end of it Mr Barker asserts that he hasbeen 44 studying dispassionately ";... probab- ly a kind of brown study... &amp;That explains everything.1 govern my passion with absolutesway,&amp; And grow wiser and better as my strengthwears away.The Old Man's Wish. Walter Pope.jfyjr Gordon Craig having perfected a Scenefor the Poetic Drama, a Scene capableof as much expression as the human voiceor face, has determined to make use of thisscene in the production of 44 Hamlet" whichhe is preparing for the Moscow Art Theatre.Mr Craig has been on a visit to Englandand has shown a full-sized model of thisscene to several artists. &amp;Miss Ellen Terry has accepted it for aforthcoming revival and the large scene itselfhas been made for her. &amp; &amp;Mr Craig' s admiration for the work ofthe National Theatre of Ireland has inducedhim to present this scene to Mr W. B. Yeatsand Lady Gregory for use in their DublinTheatre. We shall write more about this"Scene" in our next number. &amp; &amp;44 What a nice place" said a musician onbeing shown this 44 Scene ",... and indeed,that is the right name for it,.. 44 a place "not 44 a scene " It is indeed that verystrange and wonderful place called the landof imagination. It has not been seen beforeand now that it has been brought upon earth(info the theatre of all places) it will, to thoseof imagination, prove a blessing. &amp;44 Is it practical ?" we know the question.44 Yes, it is:" now you know the answer.It is so practical that.... but wait till the next number. &amp; &amp; TYPEWRITING OFFICE.TRANSLATIONS IN ALL LANGUAGES.&amp; FLORENCE - Via Vecchietti 6, - FLORENCE. rr=•50■5%€aQ*5miiflWt&amp;££' '' Y)USEA99SWANFOUNTAINPENAND DISCARD ALL ANTIQUATED METHODSFountain pens are Necessities to modern men and women—Shorthand writers especially*who value their time and comfort and saving of expense. The Best Fountain Pen is agreater necessity than any second best.THE "SWAN" FOUNTPENis Best because it has the highest grade gold nib ever put in a fountain pen. It hasa sure feed—by feed we mean an ink conductor and air compensator. Ink is fed to bothsides of the nib, so that the light writer or the heavy hand has the right supply of inkNot these characteristics alone, but—&lt;&lt;£? "LE TOUT ENSEMBLE " makes the PERFECT PEN jS&gt;Sold by Stationers and Jewellers Everywhere. INSIST ON "SWAN"1BRANCHES:93, Cheapside, E. C ; 95a, Regent Street W./few a aji 1 \ Exchange Street, Manchester.(' SWAN Fountpen Makers,) IO&gt; Rue Neuve; Brusseis.79 &amp; 80, HIGH HOLBORN, LONDON, W. C. Brentano's, 37, Ave, de l'Opera, Paris.And at New York, Bale, Chicago and Sydney.PRICES: English10 \6 - French Fes. 15*00 - Italian - £ire 15,00 upwards, £?Write for Catalogue, post free.MABIE, TODD &amp; CO.SWAM PEN HEAL' &amp; SON'SOLD FASHIONED FABRICS FORCURTAINS &amp; LOOSE COVERS.Ss• •a$%/•8Chintzes, Printed Linens &amp; Printed Cottons. Write forillustrated Booklet 41M" with photographs &amp; prices.Heal &amp; Son have special materials for CasementCurtains. Booklet44 K" with small patterns sent postfree.TOTTENHAM COURT ROAD, LONDON THE BOOK NEWSJ&amp; Its mission is to save you from reading a poor or a disappointing book, or fromexperiencing the chagrin that accompanies " Un=&gt;informedness. " &amp; &amp; &amp;j&amp; THE BOOK NEWS MONTHLY is as up to date in book matters as a newspaper and....JUST AS NEWSY. Its address is Philadelphia, U. S. A. j&amp; £&gt; &amp; &amp;JS? DOI, I.OO a year. 10 cts: a copy. Sample copies sent on request.