Bruno's Weekly 2 20 May 13th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-05-13_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 2 20 FRANK HARRIS Illustration 1 Libertatis Sacra Fames Oscar Wilde cre 3 Frank Harris: Curriculum Vitae 3-5 Kingdom of Man Upon Earth Frank Harris cre 5-6 Guy de Maupassant Frank Harris cre 6-8 Auguste Rodin. Original drawing by A. Delannoy. Illustration 7 Rodin Frank Harris cre 8 Art and Our Village G. B cre 8-10 Aubrey Beardsley. By himself Illustration 9 La La Chatter, chatter, chatter Tom Sleeper cre 10 Suicide Djuna Barnes cre 10 J.P. Morgan in Heaven "Nice chair, Sir, you have there. How much will you take for it?" Illustration 11 Replated Platitudes J. Doerner cre 11 Flasks and Flagons Francis S. Saltus cre 12 The Crook After the German, author not named, by Guido Bruno cre 12-13 Chinese Letter Alan W.S.Lee, Wuhu, China cre 13-14 Thoughts on Suicide—III Martin Brown cre 15 Grub Street 15 Untitled Image Illustration 16 Roma Lucida Henri Fumet cre 16-18 I Am Satisfied Diamond Crisp cre 17 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents May 13th, 1916W. t ft. Copyright by Guido Bruno, May 13tht 1916. Original matter,including all drawings, may not be reproduced without permissionof Guido Bruno; but that permission may be assumed if creditis given to author and Bruno's Weekly. BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guide Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 20. MAY 13, MCMXVI. Vol. ii4 ' r Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Translated from the French for Bruno's Weekly by Renee Lacoste. (Concluded from last issue) BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 WashingtonSquare, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of NewYork, N. Y.v October 14th, 1915, under the Act of Marok3d, 1879. 1 , x FRANK HARRIS Libertatis Sacra Fames Oscar Wilde. Albeit nurtured in democracy,And liking best that state republicanWhere every man is Kinglike and no manIs crowned above his fellows, yet J see,Spite of this modern fret for Liberty,Better the rule of One, whom all obey,Than to let clamorous demagogues betrayOur freedom with the kiss of anarchy.Wherefore I love them not whose hands profanePlant the red flag upon the piled-up streetFor no right cause, beneath whose ignorant reignArts, Culture, Reverence, Honor, all things fade,Save Treason and the dagger of her trade,And Murder with his silent bloody feet. Frank Harris: Curriculum Vitae J7RANK HARRIS was born in Galway, Ireland, over fiftyyears ago, of Welsh parents. He is proud of the factthat he is pure Kelt and without intermixture for as far backas he knows. Till he was twelve years of age, he wiseducated in Ireland, the last year or so at the Royal School,Armagh. In spite of his ultra-protestant or Black Orangerelations, Frank Harris still recounts with glee how he wasa Fenian even before he could think. "As a small boy," hesays,; "I remember reading a proclamation offering fivethousand pounds for anv information that wo"M lead to thearrest of James Stephens,the Fenian Head-Centre. Whilemy playmates were gloating over the idea of getting thislarge sum of money I was only thinking how I could helphim away from the 'polis.' The 'Head-Centre' fascinatedmy fancy!"At twelve, his father sent him as a boarder to a well-knownpublic school on the Welsh border. There, for the first timehe met English boys and English sentiment. The schoolhorsefed him; it was all punishments, he says, nothing humanor humane about it except the library. He read madlymorning, noon and night till he knew Scott almost by heartCharlotte Bronte, Mrs. Gstskell, Thackerary and Reade—^aha even Dickens; Dickens he never liked. After reading everyother novel in the library he read Dickens and the poets.The fagging system in the school was abhorrent to thisborn rebel; he fought it tooth and nail; but in spite of troublewith boys as well as with the masters, he won prize afterprize.At fourteen his father disappointed him by failing to givehim the nomination to become midshipman in the BritishNavy and the t boy resolved to run away. For weeks heweighed the charms of South Africa (where they had justdiscovered diamonds) with those of Western America andat length he decided in favor of the Wild West. He cameto America and soon made his way to Kansas and droveon the trail as a cowboy to New Mexico. He always declaresthat whatever capacity of thought he possesses comes fromthe fact that while his mind was growing he had to solve allthe modern problems for himself and without books. "Ithink first and read afterwards" is his motto.After a couple of years of wild Western life, skirmisheswith Indians, mad gamblings, ups and downs of fortune, hemet the man Byron Smith, Professor of Greek, in the Uni- versity of Kansas. Professor Smith persuaded him to becomea student and he spent the next three years with his mentorand friend at Lawrence, Kansas. When Professor Smithleft the University for his health, Harris quarreled at oncewith the authorities, refusing to come into morning chapel,and left the University in turn and went on with his lawstudies. Indue time he was admitted to the bar and beganthe practice of law.A year later Smith grew worse in Philadelphia and Harristhrew up everything and went East to be with him. Inanother year his friend died and Harris returned to Europeto study; first in Paris, later in Heidelberg, Gottingen andBerlin. Then he went from Berlin to Athens where hestudied a year. On his way back to America he met Froudein London and gave him a letter of introduction fromCarlyle. Almost immediately he was offered the editorship ofthe "London Evening News" which he brought to success.Then he was offered the editorship of "The FortnightlyReview" which John (now Lord) Morley had just resigned.Seven years later he bought "The Saturday Review" andmade it ever famous among English papers by bringingBernard Shaw on it to write about the theatre; Wells toreview the novels; D. S. McColl (now the head of the TaitGallery) to write on art; Dr. Chalmers Mitchell, now thehead of the Zoological Society, to write on Science; Max Beer- bohm too, and Arthur Symonds, Ernest Dowson, HerbertCrackanthorpe and Cunningham Graham to do what theycould. It is hardly too much to say that Harris picked then,in 1894, nearly all the men who to-day form public opinionin Great Britain. Shaw has acknowledged his debt to himagain and again, and Wells calls him his literary godfather,asserting that Harris, when editing "The Fortnightly" ac- cepted the first article he (Wells) ever had in print. } His later career is a record of the books he has writtenfrom the first book of American stories. Elder Coftklinpublished by Macmillan in 1890; Montes, which ArnoldBennett says is "the best short story in English" (1894);The Bomb, 1907; The Man Shakespeare, which according toShaw, established his reputation in 1909; The Women ofShakespeare, 1910; Shakespeare and His Love (a drama),1910; Great Days, 1911; The Veils of Isis; ContemporaryPortraits both last year, 1915 and Oscar Wilde, His Lifeand Confessions which is now in the press and we have hadthe pleasure of reading. We think it is his best work, so farperhaps the best biography in the language. Kingdom of Man Upon Earth By Frank Harris "Y'HE wonderful age in which we live—this twentieth centurywith its X-rays that enable us to see through the skinand flesh of men, and to study the working of their organsand muscles and nerves—has brought a. new spirit into theworld, a spirit of fidelity to fact, and with it a new ahd higheridea! of life and of art, which must of necessity change andtransform all the conditions of existence, and in time modifythe almost immutable nature of man. For . this new spirit,this love of the fact and of truth, this passion for reality willdo away with the foolish fears and futile hopes which havefretted the childhood of our race, and will slowly but surelyestablish on broad foundations the Kingdom of Man uponEarth. _ For that is the meaning and purpose of the changewhich is now coming over the world. The faiths and con- victions of twenty centuries are passing away and the formsand institutions of a hundred generations are dissolvingbefore us like the baseless fabric of a dream. A new moralityis already shaping itself in the spirit; a morality based not onguess-work and on fancies, but on ascertained laws of Choralhealth; a scientific morality belonging not to statics, likethe morality of the Jews, but to dynamics, and so fittingthe nature of each individual person. Even now consciencewith its prohibitions is fading out of life, evolving into amore profound consciousness of ourselves and others, withmultiplied incitements to wise living. The old religious as- ceticism with its, hatred of the body is dead; the servileacceptance of conditions of life and even of natural laws isseen to be vicious; it is of the nobility of man to be insatiatein desire and to rebel against limiting conditions; it is theproperty of his intelligence to constrain even the laws ofnature to the attainment of his ideal. ' ' * * ' " ■ * ' •'•?*»• 1 « • J ' ♦ 112 - . ; 1 . ; '(- Already we are proud of being students, investigators, ser- vants of truth, and we leave the great names of demi-godsand heroes a little contemptuously to the men of bygonetimes. As student-artists we are no longer content withthe outward presentment and form of men; we want todiscover the protean vanities, greeds and aspirations of men,and to lay bare, as with a scalpel, the hidden motives andsprings of action. We dream of an art that shall take intoaccount the natural daily decay and up-building of cell-life;the wars that go on in the blood; the fevers of the brain; thecreeping paralysis of nerve-exhaustion; above all, we mustbe able even now from a few bare facts, to re-create a manand make him live and love again for the reader, just as thebiologist from a few scattered bones can reconstruct someprehistoric bird or fish or mammal. (From the Man Shakespeare and his Tragic Life Story, publishedby Mitchell Kennerley.) Guy de Maupassant By Frank Harris YESTERDAY I went out to "Les Ravenelles," his mother'svilla in Nice. It is set on a little height behind the Ruede France, and here de Maupassant spent that Ist of January,1892, his last day on earth as a man among men. The''Vampire" in grey silk had just paid him another visit andhad left him drained of strength and hope, exhausted, enerved,panting. In spite of his indescribable wretchedness and mis- ery, that "malaise indicible," he would not alarm his motherby his absence on such a day; but dragged himself over fromCannes, and gave her whom he loved so tenderly the illu- sion at least that he was getting better. The effort cost himmore than life. He returned to Cannes by train, and at twothe next morning Francois heard him ringing and hurried tohis bedside, only to find him streaming in blood and out ofhis mind, crying—"Au rancart! Au rancart!"To-day I went through the little, low, two-storied villa, andsat where he had sat, and walked where he had walked. Here,on this raised, half-moon terrace, on that bright, clear day,with the sunshine sparkling over there on the red roofs andthe blue sea he had always taken such pleasure in; here hestood, another Anthony, and fought a.more terrible fight thanthe Roman ever imagined. I had seen him a month before,and had had a long, intimate talk with him which cannot beset down in these pages; but it enables me to picture him ashe was on that fatal morning. He had taken Francois withhim to cook his food; he meant to give himself every chanceof winning in the fight, and now, the meal over, the strainof talking and pretending grew intolerable, and he came outhere by himself, with only the blue, unheeding sky aboveand the purple, dancing sea in front to mock his agony. How desperately he struggled for control; now answeringsome casual remark of his friends, now breaking out intocold sweat of dread as he felt the rudder slipping from hishand; called back to sanity again by some laughing remark,or some blessed sound of ordinary life, and then, again, sweptoff his feet by the icy flood of sliding memory and dreadfulthronging imaginings, with the awful knowledge behindknocking at his consciousness that he was already mad, mad—never to be sane again, mad—that the awful despairingeffort to hold on to the slippery rock and not to slide downinto the depths was all in vain, that he was slipping, slippingin spite of himself, in spite of bleeding fingers, falling—fall- ing. ...Hell has no such horror! There in that torture chamberdid his agony last but a minute—he paid all debts, poor, hounded* hunted creature with wild beseeching eyes, chokingin the grip of the foulest spectre that besets humanity. . . .And all for what? For another mad hour with the "bour- geoise de plus grand chic . . . d'une beaute remarquable,"all for another kiss from the stylish lady of really remark- able beauty, "to whom he was always glad to say 'good-bye'."The worship of the great goddess Aselgeia is sweet indeed,honey to the lips; but the price she exacts from her devoteesis appalling. How many of them I have known, and howbrilliant they were: her victims are taken from the mostgifted of the sons of men. Heine fell to her anil Maupassantand scores of others whom for pity's sake one does not name—young and gifted and lovable. As the clown says in"Twelfth Night."Pleasure will be paid some time or other. From Contemporary Portraits, published by Mitchell Kennerley Auguste Rodin. Original drawing by A. Delannoy. Rodin By Frank Harris RODIN is to me the creature of his works; the bodily pre- sentment even is a true symbol of his soul; a Frenchpeasant in, figure—a short, broad man with heavy shoulders,thick thighs, and great, powerful hands. There is realisticlikeness in Tweed's bust. The neck is short and thick, thenose large and fleshy; the forehead high but retreating; theeyes grey, by turns reflective and observant. There is anair of transparent sincerity about the sturdy little man, withhis careless grey beard and worn clothes. Always I see thelarge, strong hands, the short neck and lumpy shoulders—a master craftsman with a tremendous sensual endowment. From. Contemporary Portraits , Art and Our Village G. B. fHE chaotic conditions prevailing in the American art worldof today are but a true replica of what is going on amongthe artists of our village. The times of Babel seem to be hereagain. The great individual efforts towards the one bigachievement seem to be perturbed. Everybody is working ashard as he can and trying and failing and'starting out againwith new energy and doing his best . . . . . but he seems todo it in his own language, a different language from that ofthe universe. And everybody else fails to understand him. Iam not talking now about artists who are busy getting outorders for magazines and commercial purposes, and I am notthinking of imitators who are trying to create sensations withthe empty language of others who really meant sincerely whatthey presented to the world.There are men and women among us trying to do onef thingor the other, who are using their paints and brushes for noother purpose but self-expression. They are the people whowill have found themselves in the course of the coming ten or fifteen years, and who will really have something to give; to ageneration which will have grown with them in the meantime.Almost as many studios as we have down here—just asmany different ways and means of expression of impressions"to the world" do we have. And these creations drift event- ually uptown and are exhibited in "leading" galleries on theAvenue. Shall and can experiments be taken seriously?Shouldn't those in authority, especially the keepers of galleriesrefrain from using their walls for experimental purposes,especially when the artist today might laugh at his creationof yesterday? Must the public be the goat here, too, as wellas in the other branches of the free arts for mere commercialreasons?The individualistic expression of a man is of course, themost ideal way to attempt the big. But if he uses, in orderto express himself, a language not understood by anybodyelse, and if he is not able to compile at the present time a dic- tionary to be used by those interested and eager to under- stand, because in most of the cases he doesn't know himselfwhat he wants, why not refrain from exhibiting? Why nottake the consequences of the prerogative of the self-expres- sionist: "I don't care what you think about it—if you canunderstand it or not; it is just exactly as I see it and that issufficient unto me," and keep his creations unto himself untilsuch time arrives where either he shall have found a mediumwhich is not strange to our eyes and which we really can seeor feel, or our posterity shall have adjusted their focus, in thecourse of the progress of the world, which will enable them tosee and to feel. ' The grotesque seems to be favored at present by magazineswho are willing to pay large prices for something that outdoesthis week the unbelievable of last week.Money is the great lure in the career of our artists.Do away with the mofley which can be gained by the sortof production everybody seems to aim at at present, and mostof the members of our hopeful colony of geniuses will returnto the diligent study of drawing.And now be honest to yourself—What is the most wonder- ful idea worth and the most glorious and impossible colorscheme, if you don't know how to draw and if you think thatcomposition is something that one can do away with? Aubrey Beardsley.By himself La La Chatter, chatter, chatter Tom Sleeper THE busy tongues spin webs of scandal—odd bits oflaughter, knowing winks—earnest "too bads"—fragmentsof a resurrected past, all woven artfully to give a moment'spleasure to the weavers.And the girl, the motive of their pattern—what of her?She faces them defiant for a time. /Then frightened andunstrung, draws gradually within herself. Friends drop away—her house grows dark. At last, in bitterness she quits thetown, and tries to lose herself in the turmoil and rush ofcities."Ah! what did we tell you," the weavers cry. "Her motherwent that way before her—wait, just wait."c,Bi[ b3f bit they carry their tapestry of lies into the city,phe begins to meet questioning looks—a little coolness here—a practised insult there. Men treat her boldly. She sees thesnares with reddening eyes. Long days and weary nightsare hers. Prayer and religion fail her. Books bring onlyfleeting solace. Exasperated—nervous—at bay—she plungesinto the social whirl. An act of impulse—a false step—then- down—down—down-—Chatter, chatter, chatter Suicide Djuna Barnes. Corpse A brought her in, a shattered small Cocoon,a little bruised body like a startled moon/And alii the subtle symphonies of her a twilight rune. Corpse B %HEY gave her hurried shoves this &lt;way and that.Her body shock-abbreviated as a city catShe lays out listlessly like some small mug of beer gone flat. J.P. Morgan in Heaven "Nice chair, Sir, you have there. How much will you takefor it?" Replated Platitudes J. Doerner God had planted love in the human heart, the devilspat upon it, and lo! it became lust."The dictates of fashion" are mostly in fashion with thosewho haven't gotten into the fashion of being on good termswith common-sense.Your_ character is the measure of what you are, while yourreputation is merely the report of what you seem to be.The sage is he who obtains his experiences vicariously,permitting the fool to pay the price.* ,Usury , is the interest that necessity pays to mercilessgreed. Flasks and Flagons By Francis S. Saltus Irish Whiskey From Cork to Tipperary and Tralee,There's been more laughter, jollity, and funThan yet's been known beneath the risen sunIn all the world together, born of thee!Thou bring'st out finely the old Celtic glee,Yarns, jokes and glorious bulls surpassed by none,Side-splitting stories, funny when begun,And at the end one royal mental spree.And wheri I drink thee quite alone ('tis rare),I picture up a host of merry men,Tasting thy charm and joking without stint,And recognize the Hoods and Jerrolds thereWho, gay and careless, never take a pen,But cast their gems beyond the grasp of print! Scotch Whiskey How rare is thy rich, passion-giving worth,When weary of full many a Scottish mile,One rests, and stirs thee with a knowing smileIn some dim inn of Edinburgh or Perth.Gods must have drunk thee at their wondrous birth,For in thee there is laughter and no guile,And they, enraptured, from some heavenly aisle,Perchance have given thee to this sorrowing earth,For when thou art near, the devil has the pain,No bitter frown is known, no caustic sneer,The world on golden, axles moves and turns.And then ring out again, and yet again,In manly accents, resolute and clearThe immortal songs and glees of Bobby Burns! The Crook After the German, author not named, by Guido Bruno. ]VfR. PHIL RICH, day laborer, was betrayed shamefully byhis betrothed. With the explanation that his income wastoo uncertain to risk upon it a marriage, she handed him, afterseven years courtship, his walking papers. Mr. Rich was hurtto the roots and he vowed revenge. A very peculiar one. Hedecided to become a criminal. Not a very desperate criminal,but still one whom they would lock up. And if his betrothedwould have only the slightest inkling of a conscience andrecognize that it was she who had caused his downfall, hertortures would be terrible. At the same time he wished tocombine the pleasant with the useful and to have as good atime as he could. Therefore he chose the profession of acrook and started upon his new activities by entering an auto- mobile factory. He said: "My name is Rich, formerly daylaborer, I wish to get an automobile with as many horsepoweras you can putin it." "Just as you please," replied the very polite salesman, ."Doyou wish to pay in cash for it?""Not right now," replied Mr. Rich frankly. "At first I wouldwish to get it on credit. I just happen to be out of work, youknow." .The polite salesman was very sorry not to be able to obligeMr. Rich and advised him to go to the competitor across thestreet. He followed the advice but here, too, they did notseem to be very eager to count him among their customers.Everybody simply refused to trust. This astounded Mr. Rich.He always had heard and read how easy it was to get credit,and still two people had refused already to sell him an auto- mobile. But this could not discourage him. He went to abank. He introduced himself as Mr. Rich, day laborer, anda?ked for a loan of ten thousand dollars. But here, too, theresult of his expedition was very sad. The manager of thebank gave him even a lackey who should show him out of thebuilding. But that was all he was willing to give him.In the meantime, his monthly room rent became due. Mr.Rich was not able to pay and informed Mrs. Mclntyre, thekeeper of his boarding house to that effect. He assured herat the same time, that he was willing to take from now onin addition to the breakfasts included in his rental, dinner andsupper with her. Mrs. Mclntyre didn't seem to approve of thisnew business arrangement."The divil git ye!" did she scream at the top of her voice,"Do ye think Oim crazy?" and she gave him a push and downthe stairs he went. All four flights at once. His possessionsshe forwarded to the sidewalk where he had landed, throughthe window."It's just my luck," he philosophized. And now it had be- come most urgent to turn some trick or another because histhirst for revenge was diminishing from day today.His last recourse was the cook. These beings are supposedto have savings. He wanted to get a hold of them, promisemarriage, he wanted to have a good time and then he wantedto welcome his fate no matter what might come. But nothingcame. Mr. Rich, day laborer, remained an honest man. Eventhe cooks wouldn't give him anything. And so he was at theend of his wits. He knew nothing more! To take away thepennies from little children which they kept in their hands,if sent to buy something in the nearby grocery store, seemedeven to him in his desperate mood, too dastardly. .And again he became a day laborer. But .if ever anybodymentions to him how dead easy it is to get the best of credul- ous people, he will declare it emphatically as pure inventionand just newspaper talk. Chinese Letter By Alan W.S.Lee, Wuhu, China. A WEEK ago I went to the, garden of one of the Profes- sors to sketch. It was a beautiful place, a huge gardenfull of lovely trees and shrubs, with a fine view of the Gon Lon. The only flowers out then were violets, but there weremasses of them—sweet and fragrant. It was an immenserelief to work here without a hundred pairs of eyes staringgrimly at me, as is my usual fate when I try to sketch. AsI worked I notice a small black bird hopping about amongthe violets—iand every once in a while he would leave hishunt and fly up onto a branch and sing—I never heard a birdsing so gloriously, not even a nightingale at home, for thiswas no lament, but a song of joy and triumph.Professor Meigs came out after a while to watch me dauband he told me about the little black bird. He is a robin, ajet black robin, and he glistens like fine lacquer. He issmaller than an American robin, but larger than an Englishone, and he sings to beat both. He has just the same jauntyhop, and impertinent thrust of the head, just the same quickjab after a worm, and the bracing of his black legs wfien hegets it. He is a very rare bird, even here, but this one comesevery year to the Meighs garden, and they think a great dealof him. I have been reading Algernon Blackwood's "Centaur"and I think no book ever got me so completely. It is so fullof sheer beauty, and exquisite phrasing, I found in it that bitof verse I liked so well that I found in an old number of theAcademy."What dim Arcadian pasturesHave I known,That out of nothing a wind is blownLifting a veil and a darknessShowing a purple sea—And under your hair, the faun's eyesLook out at me."The story is a powerful protest against the civilization ofto-day, a denouncement of materialism and pure intellectual- ism, and makes a plea for a fairer and larger life, for noblerinterests, for a life of harmony with nature instead of fever- ish and unsatisfying struggling for little imaginary pleas- ures. Blackwood regards men and animals, flowers and! treesas possible projections, of the Earth's consciousness, even asshe herself is perhaps a projection of the great Conscious- ness of the Universe. But what am I trying to do—tell youall about it in my feeble words? I will get another copy inShanghai and send it to you.There is a Chinaman singing outside the garden, I wishyou could hear him, many of the Chinese songs are reallynice, but this reminds me of the guinea pig Ruth St. Denisused to let loose upon the stage just before she did her cobradance.All our bamboos are full of turtle doves now, and theycoo and coo. The groves are full of birds, and they singamidst the small green leaves that rustle and blow in thewest wind that comes whispering across the fields, calling theflowers to wake from their long winter's sleep. There areno trees quite so frivolous as young bamboos; they are friv- olous even when they grow up, and all the other trees ignorethem. Thoughts on Suicide—III By Martin Brown A Pistol This cold steel thing of which I am afraidCan in a flash free me from every wolf that's barkingat my heelsAnd set my soul before the throne of God.I'll, take my chance, for if the world he madeHe knows what tortuous paths my feet have trod.The ring of steel like ice behind my ear—Each heart-beat like a blow, each breath a oraver tostill my trembling hand "And make my death as sure as my despair.Dry-throated, gasping, icy-cold with fear-After that crash, where will J be—God—where? Gas Good-night for I must sleep.Yes sleep, and know no waking to this pain of livingI must rest.I give you back my life, and givingFor the first time peace lies within my breast.A coward badly beaten.Yes, and a weakling too-—I can bear no more livingIt is too long.I give you back my life, and givingFor the first time I knowingly do wrong.I am too tired to pray, but dreams will keepMe company—what scent is that?—when I'm asleeo. Grub Street is often made of Grub street writers and Grub~ /I# ' . t .'. the terms are little understood:the following historical fact will explain them; during theusurpation of Cromwell a prodigious number of seditious andlibellous pamphlets and papers, tending to exasperate thepeople, and increase the confusion in which the nation wasinvolved, were from time to time published. The authors ofthese were, for the most part, men whose indigent circum- stances compelled them to live in the most obscure part ofthe town. Grub street then« abounded with mean and oldhouses, which were let out in lodgings, at low rents, to per- sons of this description, whose occupation was the publishinganonymous treason and slander. Orte of the original inhabi- tants of this street was Fox the martyrologist, who, duringhis abode there, wrote his Acts and Monuments. It*'was£e * w ltlous by, havinS been the dwelling-place of&gt; We by, a gentleman of whom it is related, in Wil- son s Wonderful Characters," that he lived here forty yearswithout having been seen fefy any one. Roma Lucida By Henri Fumet TTHE next day she called on him. He had spent the wholeday arranging his room so it would appear pleasant andprecise. Little Roma entered shyly, tiptoeing around andcasting glances about her. As she saw that he was respectfuland embarrased, she gradually became reassured enough tosit by him on the divan. Then, in a very earnest manner,she made this little speech to him:"Do not think I am here through childishness. I am wellaware of what might happen to me, but 1 don't fear anything.I don't think lam imprudent or crafty. I like you very much.I imagine that you will perhaps understand me. Conse- quently, I wanted to know you."And so they spent a very pleasant afternoon. He showedher the books which he had patiently collected and carefullybound. She was intelligent in her admiration, recognizingsome volumes like those she had seen at her father's. Shelooked through his papers, too, and read a few scattered noteshere and there, and wondered at two or three phrases."Have you written this?""Certainly. Do you think me incapable of it?""No, no, but it causes me so much pleasure . . . Tellme, do you draw?""So badly!""So much the better! Because—l must tell you, seeingthat you are asking me no questions—l draw, too, sometimes.It is the only serious work I can do. Therefore, it is advis- able for one'to turn to something else. Otherwise it wouldbecome a bore!"'£ • ' * " ' "* ' ' ' ' "&gt; 1 •• 11 •• • • 1 \ 1 x ' She walked up and down the apartment a few times; thenresumed her seat:"It looks all right."'Now that you have inspected my premises, it is yourturn to tell me something.""1 don't know. You wanted to know me. As for me, yourname would almost suffice. However, if you would beobliging enough to add an inscription to it . . .""Ask me questions. . . Become inquisitive.""Well, young lady, tell me what you know about life.". Sir, you speak of banalities. I thought you had no patiencewith them. . . Life doesn't exist. It is only an illusion.There are words, noises, sunsets and melodies. / have puta frame around all this to make it into a whole. But it isour work. I will add that it isn't worth the rest of it. There 1Have I answered well?""Not badly. Kiss me!"Roma Lucida let him kiss her. She did not without embar- rassment but without great pleasure. Then she began to playsome of Cesare Frank's music to prove that she was amusician too.When she was leaving, he detained her near the door fora minute, and, taking both her hands in his, said:"Roma, Roma Lucida! My little girl! Is it possible thatthere is a Roma Lucida on earth. . . Do not go so soon."She smiled sweetly at him and responded to the pressureof his hands. He continued in a lower voice: ■"Listen: I want to be happy, at least for an hour. Iought never to have seen you. Now it is too late; you mustgive back to me all you have taken from me. You will be inmy thoughts until your return. Now go! But think of me.When you come back here, it will be because you wished it."She was going to answer a little hotly; but he put hishand over her lips:"Don't say anything. I know all you could say to me. Go!When you come back here, it will be because you wished it."She left. He spent the rest of the evening going over thefew phrases of the sonata in A which she had played. Whennight came it was a pleasure for him to repeat her namemany times in succession, as in prayer.She didn't come back the next day, nor the day after that.As he didn't know her address, he could only wait for hersadly. At last, on the third day, she knocked at his door.He saw by her eyes that she had spent several nights dream- ing about him. He took her in his arms and undid her blondehair, which fell over him like a shroud. They didn't say aword to each other the whole night long.The next day she was crying. He knelt in front of herand pressed her in his arms:"Pardon me, my Roma. It isn't my fault.""I don't bear you with ill-will. I came of my own freewill and I regret nothing. I don't know why I am unhappy."1 "Are you happy now? You wanted to have me. I amyours, but you aren't happy! I wanted to love and to suffer—and I weep. Why should we struggle against it? We mustpart as we met"—and she added, smiling—"in the dust."He made no answer. Roma dressed quickly. She fixedher hair and put on a red" hat. In the glorious morning sun- light she seemed to be the same he had seen roaming thestreets of Paris. It was the same face, the same quiet eyes;the same little black spot over her lips. But she was not thesame; the real Roma Lucida seemed to have gone very faraway and her voice reached him indistinctly:He didn't try to stop her. When he looked up, she was nolonger there. " The sunlight swept over the furniture as ifclearing the room of the least remmbrances. All that wasleft of her was a faint perfume. That same evening it wasgone. In the course of the following days he forgot hervoice, then the shape of her face and in a few months he onlyrecalled her name. I Am Satisfied Diamond Crisp. IF to-nightI should die,I am satisfiedTo have touchedSwiftly, the Heart of ThingsLove in a flash,Holding *my heart and senses:A swift cut with Sorrow's KnifeAnd tears of Flame,Joys which brieflyHeld me utterly,And entirely.To have sinnedSuddenlyNot becoming EvilAnd without regret.If to-nightI should die,/ am satisfiedTo have touchedSwiftlyThe Heart of Things. QUAINT AND ODD BOOKSANCIENT AND RARE FASHION PLATES, BOOK PLATESAND BOOKS ON BOOK PLATES.IN BRUNO'S GARRET, 58 Washington Square.Collectors are invited. GONFARONE'S40 West Bth StreetTABLE D'HOTE"Elating placet are literary landmark*" said O. Henry#•peaking of Gonfarone's in one of his unexcelled Green-wich Village Stories. GREENWICH VILLAGE INN(Polly's)147 WEST 4TH STREETBetween Washington Sq. &amp;6th Ave.Service a la CarteOutdoor Dining Room From the making of a lamp tothe creation of a period roomthere is a right way and a wrongway. The problems of your ownhouse may be answered by eon-sottingANTON HELLMAN80 West Washington SquareSpring 6340 WANTED yon to know that at 90Washington Square South lalocatedTHE TILLAGE STOREWhere one may see on displaymany odd pieces of Brasses, Pot-tery, Furniture and Souvenirs.Hours 10.S0 till 0 p. m. Satur-days 10 p. m. ROSSI BROTHERS58 Washington SquareUnderneath the GarretICE CREAM AND TOBACCO READ BRUNO'S WEEKLYand if you think fifty-two issuesare worth two dollars I will beglad to count you among mysubscribersGuido Bruno RARE BOOKS FIRST EDITIONSKstea DlutnM Booka. lulr Printed Books.Boola for Christmas GiftsPvrchu*! ilnflr or la sets for people who hare neither time nor oppor-tunity to select for themselves, or for thoae who bare not aeeeaa to tk.boat book marta. Why not begin collecting nowTAddress, E. V., Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass. 1 BUY BOOKSSingle volumes, email iota, and libraries; autographlettera of known literary men and artiste, drtwiait,pictures and engravinga. Addroaa"COLLECTOR," Care of Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington Sq. For Houses, Apartments or Rooms, SeePEPE &amp; BRO.REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE40 So. Washington SquareTelephone 41 i 9 Spring Cor. of MacDougal Street Being a bookINWH 1 C H&lt;we say just-what vje think. Published every month by Norman-BelGedd.es at 756 Second Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It is a littlebook uniquely illustrated. IVrite for sample copy. CHARLES KEELERIN RECITALS OF HIS OWN POEMSTHE VICTORY—-Songs of Triumph. Price, one dollarELFIN SONGS OF SUNLAND. Third edition, aP. Putnam'sSons, New York 6c London. Price $1.50.SONGS OF A WANDERER. In manuscriptTHE MIRROR OF MANHATTAN. In manuscriptDANCE RYTHMS. In manuscript.Mr. Keeler recites selections from all the above and his variedand unique programs are full of interest and inspiration bothin the text and delivery.In New York and vicinity until June. Now booking dates forCalifornia Tour in June, July and August.For terms and particulars and for copies of his books, addressLAURENCE J. GOMMEThe Little Bookshop Around the Corner2 East 29th Street New York City Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, SituatedAt No. 10 Fifth Avenue, Greenwich Village, N. Y. C.Guido Bruno, ManaitrThis Week's PerformancesThursday, 8:45 p. b. MusicalsFriday, 8:45 p. m. Musical*Saturday, 8:45 p. m. MusicalsAsk or write for ticket ofMusicales. They are free.to theCIRCULATING LIBRARY OF FRENCH NOVELSEUREKA BOOK SHOP15 Bible HouseAstor Place, Cor. 3rd Ave., New York. Facing Cooper UnionBOOKLOVERS AND COLLECTORS ARE WELCOME S^SKitfeESrapeBooH'iof themost uniquePa pens everPublished -Per Copy, lOC-pSI 4« Bn,es-32-B So* «112 Vc«e-2*Carl H. Emmons., 311W, 46 St* New Yortf fltY There can be no pleasanter place to hearthat remarkable Edison RecordNumber (82536) thanThe Diamond Disc Shopat Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmos-phere of Old Greenwich Village has not beensacrificed on the altar of commercialismA postal will bring yon, with oarcompliment*, an interesting littlePhone: Stuyvesant 4570 biography of Mr. Thos. A. Edison