Bruno's Weekly 2 3 January 15th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-01-15_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 2 3 Coulton Waugh Illustration 1 Empty Words H. Thompson Rich cre 3 Greenwich Village in Historical Novels I The Goede Vrouw of Mana-ha-ta John King Van Rensselaer cre 3-4 Eternal Minutes Guido Bruno cre 4-5 Cats' Purrs D. Molby cre 5 Dapple Grey G. G cre 5 A Woman's Revenge Guido Bruno cre 6-7 London Letter Edward Storer cre 7-9 Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre 9 Culture is all that that is left after we have forgotten Guido Bruno cre 9 In Our Village 10-11 Tragedy KATHARINE S. OLIVER cre 11 Regarding Clara Tice F.R. A cre 11 Christmas Toys Charles Keeler cre 12 "I Don't Want a Kitchenette. I Want a New Saddle for My Horse," said Alice 12-13 Books and Magazines of the Week 13-14 Marinetti re-christened his painting, "The Carnival of Paris" into "The Bombardment of the Cathedral of Rheims," by Blix, from "Simplicissimus." Illustration 15 Bulletin of the New York Public Library 15 Walhalla 15 Art Notes 15 Zippa, the Mosquito 16 Maude: A Memory Guido Bruno cre 16-18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents January 15th, 1916N.S.E. Copyright January 15th, 1916. Original matter, including alldrawings, may not be reproduced without permission ofGuido Bruno; but that permission may be assumed if credit isgi&amp;tn to author and Bruno's Weekly. READERS OFAre Asked To Become-»■■*'• Y- SUBSCRIBERS 52 Issues Two Dollars BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 3 January 15th, MCMXVI Vol. II Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Concluded) BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last issue) BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued). Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 WashingtonSquare, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Application* for entry u N«od&gt;elui matter at the Poet Office «112New York pending. Coulton Waugh Empty Words H. Thompson Rich « pEACE on earth, good will toward men"—Empty words, that were empty then!Two thousand years have thundered by,And still men give their God the lie,And still men battle and men die;And still they flay with flail of lead,Till earth is red and sea is redAnd heaven is crimson overhead."Peace on earth, good will toward men"—When? And the echoes answer: whenf Greenwich Village in Historical Novels I The Goede Vrouw of Mana-ha-ta By Mrs. John King Van Rensselaer * At Home and in Society, 1609-1760. MRS. ALEXANDER had purchased a beautiful spot thatcommanded a view of the bay of New York, and shehoped to engross her husband's attention in superintendingthe building of the house and laying out the grounds, andin this way distract his mind from the troubles that hadagitated him for so many years. Small-pox was raging inNew York, and the assembly was holding its meetings inGreenwich, that salubrious hamlet on Mana-ha-ta, whichlay at least three miles beyond the city limits, and whichwas always the haven of refuge when yellow fever, cholera,small-pox, and other dreaded scourges visited New York,introduced there by sailors who carried these diseases frotmport to The centre of Greenwich was about on the spotthat the Indians called Sapo-Kanican, which was the site ofone of their villages. Minitie-water (or little brook) joinedBestevaar's Killitje or Grandfather (Van Cortlandt's) Creek,and ran through the place and part of it had been the farmof Mme. Oloff Van Cortlandt, that she called "BossenBowerie," or Bush farm. The English name was givento the place out of compliment to the palace of Greenwich,(which was the haven of sailors, after it was no longerused by the king), when Admiral Sir Peter Warren, who was for many years stationed in these waters, bought theadjoining property. , ,In 1739, Mr. Alexander received the news of the deatn,at his family estates in England, of the great-grandsonof the first Earl of Stirling, who was Henry, the fifthearl who . had died without male issue, leaving as heirsto the unentailed property the wives of William JrhilipsLee and Sir William Trumbull. According to the grantof the original title, it would now pass to the eldest maleheir, through John of Gogar, the great-grandfather of JamesAlexander of New York.'New York, Charles Scribner's Sons, 1898. Eternal Minutes By Guido Bruno IT was raining, raining and raining on a late Sunday afternoon,once years ago in London. I have forgotten the name ofthe street. But it was a rather stately-looking row of stonemansions, whose! doors were shut and undoubtedly Thehouse on the corner of the narrow side street was gray, windowboxes with withered plants distinguished it among all others.The shades of the window were yellow and drawn. The houseseefmed unoccupied, but, strangely, the very large doors werewide ajar. The doorway was a welcome refuge for me as Ihurried without an umbrella to the nearest tube. _ Many menand women with rain-wet overcoats stood in this doorway,which led to a court-yard deserte'd as well as the other part ofthe house. Some of the; men were pacing up and down nerv- ously. Some were near the door looking with resignation upto the clouded skies which poured continuously Enormous bucketsof water upon the for-once white-washed sidewalk. Othersexchanged commonplaces about their unfortunate experience:to have be'en caught in the rain, just this afternoon, while theyhad been in a hurry to get to some place or another where theirpresence was most necessary. Still others were on the outlookfor a cab. . .Against the grey wall le!aned a girl in a green raincoat. Shehad a red hat and a lot of obstinate blonde hair. She stoodthere lazily. She seemed to be real happy. She was watchingthe rain-drops which splashed upon the stone of the sidewalkand looking up to the! roof of the house across the fromwhere little waterfalls poured .... she seemed to enjoy it.She seemed to enjoy the impatience, and the wrath and theanger of fellow-refugees. And for a long while she ob- served with happy contentedness the tree in the back yard ofthe house, with its naked branches and the stone bench beneathit.She had big blue efyes.She smiled as our eyes met. I looked for a long time intoher eyes; her smile vanished slowly—scarcely noticeably, before she turned thetai to the dripping umbrella of a new arrival.Our eyes met again. Just for one moment. And then some- one whom she knew came with an umbrella and she left.I did not look into her eyes for longer than a small fractionof a minute. But it sefemed to me like a long lifetime, withall its longing, its promises, its disappointments, its joy . . • .with its inevitable parting.Years have passed. But often, of a rainy afternoon or jnthe twilight of a quiet hour or in the radiant sunshine of aglorious summer day do I think of the big blue eyes beneaththe' blonde curls and the red hat. Cats' Purrs By D. Molby 'il/HAT a cat enjoys apparently the most is to lie down ina warm place and just breathe and think. He can breatheany way he wants to but knows it is better to breathe throughhis nose so he does. He lets the air come in and go out justas it will. And if he wants to feel real pleased, he sings tohimself. How he does it is to raise his soft palate and keepit raised so that the' air in passing by it will make it vibrate.When the palate! vibrates it makes vibrations in the air allaround the cat and anybody who is close enough can hear them.The same air each time is used twice: it makes vibrationsas it goes in and it makes more as it comes out. The soundsit makes are different for as it is inhaled it takes most of thevibrations on into the cat. . .When the cat sings, it is supposed to be' a sign of appreciationor contentment. But the cat probably doesn't know what appre- ciation is, and if he did, he would have no reason for thinkingthat his singing would show it. And if he were already con- tented, he would lie! still that way and not bother to sing. Thetruth is more likely this: he is comfortable and feeling welland something starts him to thinking he is happy. This makeshim want to be more happy, so he begins to sing. In this wayhe soon has himself persuaded into the belief that he reallyis happy and of course this makes him contented.Whether or not he ever sings when he is off by himself,nobody knows. But the probability is that he does.i .mii..»iun- '.v.i..e.~"untmty~TlircTHjmr^T*hr-fiy1 jbsts*•» Dapple Grey G.G. Gone is the day of Dapple Grey,My true love has grown up;Now she sighs for ribbons blue,And wants a silver cup.Be it silver cup or gold one,That steals my love away—No prize is worth the winningIf she loses Dapple Grey. A Woman's Revenge By Guido Bruno Her voice sounded deep and quiet. "You are dying. Youknow it and I know it. We have been married ten years.Nine years we have been living together as strangers. Youhave taken my youth and destroyed my faith in humanity.You have made me poorer and more pitiable than the beggaron the street, for he has perhaps somewhere a heart thatbeats with love for him. And now that you are going—goingforever—l will tell you how I hate you."I despise you I loathe you .Don't speak! I know everything and I have known every- thing all along. I could name them to you, one by one, thewomen through whom you have shamelessly betrayed me.There was the wife of your friend, Hans. There was the cir- cus-rider who bore you a child, there was the young sales- woman who because of you drowned herself, there was mychambermaid. I discharged her and you settled her in quar- ters of her own. Then came the teacher. She wasthe only one for whom I felt any sympthay. She loved youhonestly, and when she found out that you had a wife at homeshe gave you up. And then others followed in motley, quicksuccession. You took whatever crossed your path: decentwomen that suffered for their sin all their lives and girlswhose customer you were. You led astray the wives of yourfriends and dishonored the daughters of your acquaintances."And now Fate has overtaken you howcoarse and relentless! No beauty, and none of the romancethat you always loved and for which you lived. Oh, yes! . .I know that, too! The last one—the very last! The beautifulwife of a motorman attracted you. You overlooked her labor- hardened hands and you took her. And for that the motor- man burst open your head with his crank. Ha! Ha! Ha! Imust laugh, must laugh at your prosaic finish."Like the gloating of the Furies when they laugh over amisfortune that they have passed and done with, sounded thelaugh of this woman who was taking revenge for nine heart- breaking years.Imperturbable had become the face of the dying man.But the more excitably, the more harshly, the more ma- liciously the woman spoke the tenderer and the more lovinggrew his look. He embraced her body with his eyes.He saw the girdle between skirt and blouse, the watchchain with the gold locket hanging from it. He had given itto her during their honeymoon. His picture was in thatlocket and half of a four-leafed clover.He looked in her eyes, in the wonderful, deep violet eyesthat were true, so true.What he had not known for years he realized now: "Mia Mial I have loved you always. You did not under- stand me. You did not try to understand me. I sought for- getfulness with the others. I drifted from one to the other.I was always searching for you and you were lost to me.Forgive me . . . Mia! .... Mia, I love y°udear . . . I . . . always loved only you . . .""Harry, you lie! Tell me that you are lying! God inheaven 1 Don't go from me with a lie on your lips! Thatcannot be the truth!"She sobbed. She wept. She fell on her knees beside thebed and threw her arms about the lifeless body.A soft rain beat against the window panes. The silverscissors and knives that lay on the dressing table and waitedin vain to care for the hands of the master glittered nobly.Thef blue and yellow vials on the medicine table sparkled likeoddly-cut semi-precious stones.The quiet of an unchangeable misery lay over everyobject in the room.Soundless tunes of an unplayed sonata /of Beethovendiffused through the air.A woman had taken revenge. London Letter Edward Storer London Office of BRUNO'S WEEKLY,18 St. Charles Square, New Kensington*December 27th, 1915 THE death of Stephen Phillips take's from us another figure ofthe 'nineties and a man who by temperament at any ratewas far more of a poet than many of his contemporaries uponwhom fortune smiled more smugly. • As Phillips said himself,he was not respectable enough for a Civil List pension or forone of those sinecure offices often given to men of letters.The man who had two or three poetic plays running in Londonat the same time and was the most successful literary dramatistsince Wilde, came down to hawking his poems in person atnewspaper offices. During the last year or so he had beenediting the' Poetry Review, a little literary journal subsidizedby the Poetry Society.It is to be supposed that Phillips died of alcoholism andregret—like most of the poets of his decade. One can seenow the price those poets of the' 'nineties had to pay fortheir few years of glory and the little ardour they brought backto our numbed and paralysed literature. Dowson, FrancisThompson, Davidson, Lionel Johnson, Wilde—their lives aresad and bitter. They enriched the end of the century with alittle fleeting beauty, but they gave it us out of their heartsand hopes, or perhaps rather out their despair.For the characteristic thing of the Renaissance of the 'nine- ties in England was its despair. It had something of the feverof music or revelry at a feast where time is short and the end is at hand. All their art suggests an intermezzo, beautifulbut desperate.All these poets and artists of the 'nineties seem on behold- ing the life' of their time to have exclaimed in a kind of hope- less terror "Oh Lord!" and then to haVe alternatively sungor drunk, in an unthinking despair.They were artists, as good artists as their environment allowedthem to be, but they were poor builders for any art of thefuture. That is, they had no conscious appreciation of theirposition in the society where they found themselves. iheyknew it was disagreeable and antipathetic to their art, but thatwas the extent of their analysis. It led them for the most partto miserable ends.Most of the books which are appearing •at the moment areChristmas books, ornate and heavy tomes whe'rein indigestiblethoughts lie like raisins in a plum pudding. Almost literarilythey are sold by weight. They are very expensive and solid,and are bought by thousands. A notable book though showsits head here and there'. Such an one is the translation ofRomain Rolland's Au Dessus de la Melee, which is to be giventhe title of 'Above the Battle' and is published by Allen &amp;Unwin. The book is also to be done in Ame'rica I hear.I have been acquainted with the French work for some time,having read the articles as they originally appeared in theJournal de Geneve, where Rolland is now living in exile. Thepublication in France of Au Dessus de la Melee was for sometime forbidden by the French Government. It is not easy tosee why, here in England, whe're we still enjoy a greaterliberty of expression than they do in France. Any of thesearticles of Rolland's might have been published in any paperhere at any time during the war, for the' patriotism whichinspires them is undoubted, and it is only a plea for reasonand the intelligence which the author of Jean Christophe offersus in these beautiful pages. He're that spirit of reason, ofhumanity, which has found here and there in America someadmirable expressions, crystalises into a poignant form. I canonly urge everyone to get this inspiring book where the' intel- ligence of Europe that is gravely wounded and in agony findsan expression not unworthy of its glorious past. In theintroduction we read "A great nation assailed by war has notonly its frontiers to defe'nd. It has also its reason. To eachman his task: to the armies the guarding of the soil of thefatherland. To the men of thought the preservation ofthought."Rolland protests against the brutal orgy of lies, of defama- tion and of panic hatred which a war produces amon? thebaser intelligences of a people, and he asks the elite of thewarring nations if they cannot still be good patriots withoutceasing to be traitors to that European conception of humanity,which, up to the fatal moment of August 1914, had been theirideal. Nor does he despair that for a legacy all that the war willleave will be ruin and chaos."They are mistaken who think that the ideas of free humanbrotherhood are suffocated now! . . . I have no doubt ofthe future unity of European society. It will be realized. Thiswar is but its baptism of blood."In the Role of the Elite, The Idols, and Inter Arma CaritasMonsieur Rolland says some brave and uplifting words. Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre jWIISS VOLNOVA, who appears this Thursday for the firsttime before a New York audience, a young Russian girlwho came recently to America, has the aim to interpret withher dancing what the great masters expressed on canvas orin marble and to give to our eye what the music of her accom- paniment gives to our ear. She will present a dance of theOrient,-"A Vision of Salome," by G. B. Lampe. "War Tragedy"is the dramatic interpretation of the horrors of war. It is arecent composition by E. R. Steiner. All that entrancingrhythm of Mendelsohn's "Spring Song" she sketches for theeye with her graceful, lithesome body.Miss Volnova is an idealist who believes that dancing isan art which should be presented to the masses of the popu- lation, in its highest and most refine'd development. The goalof her ambition is to dance before "all and everybody" and tobring joy of life and sense of rhythm to those who need it most.Mr. Alfred E. Henderson, who will introduce Miss Volnovain the coming season to art-loving Ne'w York, will appear onthe same program in his Henderson Trio with Agde Granbergand Miss Roelker. Miss Granberg will interpret by pantomimeOscar Wilde's "Happy Prince," which Mr. Henderson will read,accompanied by Miss Rodker on the piano. What Is the Matter? One can hardly believe that with so many real good, farabove the ave'rage singers, piano players and instrumental artistsextant and looking for engagement the offerings in our musichalls and concert rooms of smaller calibre maintain a standardso far below the average. Real tragic are very ofteh the talesof artists who apply for an appearance on the stage of CharlesEdison's Little Thimble Theatre of their sad wanderings frommanagers to impresarios, from impresarios to press agents andall efforts to gain a public appearance strand upon those tworequirements which to achieve they don't get a chance: moneyor reputation. Guido Bruno Culture is all that that is left after we have forgottenwhat we learned.A real woman respects, above all, strength in a man. In Our Village IF you are really one of those easily impressed and you havethe energy to follow your first impulse after reading anewspaper article and to investigate for yourself, come down toGreenwich Village in the evening. Then it is that village ofwhich you read, the background to so many big things, theessential in so many big lives,—the one? part of the city whereyou can forget city and six million co-inhabitants of yours:there is the Arch with its simple architecture, the monumentalgateway to the Square, between the nake'd branches of treesand bushes,_ houses big and small, with large windows and juststingy openings to let in the light. Lights here and there. Highupon the tower of a hotel an electric-lighted cross and stillhigher above, a few stars, and if you are lucky and the night isclear, the moon. And then you cross over to the othefr sideof the Square and there are the small narrow streets. TheSquare is deserted and only a few passengers waiting forthe next bus make up the small group beneath the arc light. Butthe streets are peopled with men and womrti who stand aroundthe Italian grocery shops and pastry bakeries; they worked allday and kept sile'nt and now they live their real own life. Thereare cafes as you can see them on the rivas in small Italiancoast cities where you really eat pastry and drink coffee andplay dominoes. And then turn in one of those streets and unex- pectedly, like the background of a miniature play-house, a littlechapel looms up before you. The doors are open, candlefsbefore the altars are testimony that the saints are notforgotten. Women are sitting on the stairs selling rosaries,little statuettes and paper flowers; and men and women andchildren are passing in and passing out. And then follow thethundering elevated and turn again to the Square. As manywindows as you see lighted in thefse mansions of yore used nowas rooming and lodging-houses—as many homes do they contain.Can you help thinking it: if I were a poet or an artist,I surely would live here and nowhere else?But, dear reader, because of your living here you wouldnot be a poet or an artist.John Masefield returned to New York for a short stayand I hope he won't forget to visit the village where hespent so many years of his life, long before the day of hisfame and recognition. He will speak, on Sunday, the 16thbefore the MacDowell Club. An extended lecture tourthrough the United States is before him.Captain Hall's exhibit of marine scenes, forest scenes andespecially his portraits of Lincoln and Nancy HanksLincoln s mother, are proving of great interest especiallyto those connoisseurs of art who are quite at a loss ifconfronted by something sincerely original but ratherstrange to the focal capacity of their eyes. The exhibitionwill continue on the walls of Bruno's Garret until the lastweek of January. Sadakichi Hartmann will read in Bruno's Garret, onTuesday night, January his dramatic masterpiece,"Christ," and on Wednesday night "Buddha." The readingswill start at 8.15 sharp. Admission by ticket only. Theseating capacity being limited it is necessary to close thegarret if this limit is reached.Mrs. E. C. Moloney, of "M. Y. Q." fame, recovered froma serious case of blood poisoning. She is contemplating avery busy social season during the coming month of ballsand merriment.Rossi Bros.' tea-room right under Bruno's Garret is busyas ever selling stamps to those who do not wish to walk tothe nearest post office station, which is very far off. Thereis a sub-station somewhere on Bleecker street, but outsideof the sign indicating that there should be a post office, onecannot detect anything of its existence. Greenwich Villageshould have a post office of its own known as the "GreenwichVillage Station," and no better place could there be for its estab- lishment than in Rossi's, where everybody does his letterstamping anyhow.Charles Keeler is at work on a new book of poems—"TheMirror of Manhattan." They are realistic glimpses ofscenes and people in the city, written in free verse, withreflections from many angles of life, high and low. Manycompressed stories are suggested in the familiar settingsof New York, and there are hints scattered through thework to make one think of the meaning of it all.In a recital at Bruno's Garret on the evening of Monday,January 24th, Mr. Keeler will read a group from this newwork. He will give a program, with one or two exceptions,of numbers that have not hitherto been heard. Amongthem are his Knight Songs for children, and a group from"The Victory," including picturesque and musical numbersin marked contrast to the realistic note in his poems ofNew York life. Tragedy KATHARINE S. OLIVER My soul was fashioned quick as fireFrom struggle, love, and' pain.You took it in its glow and strengthBeside your own to reign.Your own was dull and clogged and dim,And made for sordid dayOne night my young soul flared too far;Quivered, and fled away. Regarding Clara Tice F.R.A. I would' not be unkind, as G. G. was to Clara Tice,He said her drawings were not nice—I couldn't be so rude,But still I hope some day she'll draw a nude with pulchritude,And more abundant curvesThose skinny nymphs of hers get on my nerves. Christmas Toys By Charles Keeler LITTLE child, with nose flattened against the big plateglass,With eager eyes is peering in from the street,Devouring the fairy toyland there displayed,For it is holiday time and Christmas will soon be here!There are dolls and blocks and elephants,And barking dogs and jumping frogsAnd books and games and Santa Claus.Through the cold and the slush of the streets,The passing crowd sweeps by,But the little face is pressed against the pane,Spelled by the wonder and joy of the scene.So, I fancy, God peers in at the show window of the world,Fascinated by His toys—His clowns and jumping jacks,And dreams wondrous dreams about them. "I Don't Want a Kitchenette. I Wanta New Saddle for My Horse," said Alice IN the evening you can see them, leaving stealthily their elevatorapartments or their hotel suites, mounting a bus, with up- turned collars and the hat deep into the face to prote'ct themagainst the sharp wind, pilgrimaging down to the dear old hauntsin the village. Years ago they used to live here in some obscurerooming house or in a "studio," right under the' roof of adilapidated mansion. Gonfarone's used to be their Delmonico, intheir times of ebb. But their tea pot on the window si 1 and thegrocer around the corner on Sixth avenue could tell you ofa good many bre'akfasts, lunches and dinners "at home.'And then came the times when tea-pot and grocer wereforgotten; and some good luck, and they moved up town.But the longing for those good old days_ returns sporadicallyand overcomes them and they cannot re'sist the call of theirhearts, and down they go to the places that the quite modernlust at large for "Bohemianism" made grow over night likemushrooms. They eat roast chicken and drink red wine some- where at a small table in _ a dimly-lighted, badly-decoratedspaghetti house with bad music. It isn tas it used to be; theymiss something. And they speak about the good old times.But all is the same as it was, only they themselves have changedand they never can be the old ones again, because they havetasted their chicken in Ddmonico's and know their importedwine lists by heart. And they remember their good old quarterswith tea-kettle and delicatessen. And for the atmosphere theydid not bring with the'm to the spaghetti houses they are search- ing in apartments with kitchenettes. A kitchenette! When two are just married and have no otherobject in life but to spend every minute possible together—allapart from the' world, and if they don't wish to have intruders(guests) or if they cannot afford to have an establishment oftheir own, how nice it is to have this kitchenette; in those dayswhen eating is nothing but a necessity to furnish nourishmentto the body, when to be alone me*ans more than the culinaryofferings of the finest chef. But later on in life, when manyideals are so near in reach that they are almost forgotten, whenone has developed the ability to enjoy a meal as an art crea- tion, the cosiness of a kitchenette affair is something that reallyexists so long as you don't try it.What these apartment dwellers are really searching for andcannot find is their old dear selve's.But why not be satisfied to place flowers upon the grave ofa beloved one ? Why try to dig out the coffin and look at theeorpse?That new self of theirs, which has so much sentiment andso many good thoughts for their own self of by-gone days, issurely just as good—if not far better.Spaghetti houses have usually soiled linen and not very cleansilver. If there is a kitchenette, someone must peel the' potatoes.And dinner tastes ever so much better after an hour s ride onhorseback, and anyhow, holding onto the reins doesn't spoilone's hands. What a pity, if they are such nice hands! Books and Magazines of the Week A.NTHOLOGIES seem to be in vogue. Especially the poets" of the? good old school of jingles and rhymes, who haveto keep up with the procession and nod grudgingly acknowledge- ment to vers libre and imagists and all other individualisticexpressions foreign to their anima laureata seem to be busymaking compilations of other men's work and sitting as judgesupon the* poetry of last year.Old man Braithwaite, the anthologist of the Boston Tran- script, spoke the far-reaching words of this year and thediamonds he selected from periodicals and magazines are spark- ling in his anthology recently published by Lawrence J. Gomme.Others 'whose names are household words to the readers ofmonthly and weekly advertising mediums called popular maga- zines, had their selections published and now after thefields of current poetry are well-pastured, the short storie'sof 1915 are a weIcome tooth-sharpener. The mere ideathat a man would read two thousand two hundredand some odd short stories in about five months inorder to detect the best among them makes one shudder.But Edward J. O'Brien did it, and he had enough strength leftafter this rathe'r herculean exercise to sit down and write anarticle about the American short story of 1915 and write: acompilation of the best stories among them. The anthology waspublished in the Boston Transcript of January Bth and a selec- tion of the stories, with stars, will appear in book form, similarto the anthology of Mr. Braithwaite. If the're has to be a judgeof the best performances of American writers in periodicalsand newspapers, Mr. O'Brien, who is a young poet of no meanabilities himself, an idealist, surely must be welcomed. Justthink what would have? happened if Brander Matthews, thesimplified speller, or William Dean Ho wells, the old stand-by,or some other dried-up representative fossil of American lettershad been chosen in his stead!But heartily do I agre'e with Mr. O'Brien that the worst storyof the year was published in the Saturday Evening Post, andI would not hesitate to express my opinion in the plural andsay that the worst stories, not only in' 1915, have come fromthat seat of culture in Philadelphia. Kreymborg Anthology Mr. Alfred A. Knopf announces for publication in March,1916, an anthology of the! new verse from Others; edited byAlfred Kreymborg. Fifty men and women have contributedto Others during 1915 and the best of their work was chosenfor this anthology. I hope Mr. Kreymborg will not forgethimself. I still contend that a few pages on which he printedhis own poems in his magazine? are those most worth whilereading. Poetry The guarantors, the contributors and editors of POETRYwill assemble on January the 23rd in the club rooms of "TheCliff-Dwellers" in Chicago and celebrate the recent beginningof the fourth yefar of this publication, which has been thestandard bearer of poetry ala mode in America. "Poets ofIllinois and other states will read new poems and guarantorswill, it is hoped, express their feeling about the art and themagazine." Reservations at $2.50 a plate! Think of poetsdining at $2.50 the plate! I'd like to see those guarantors ex- press their feelings about the art and the magazine. Pass theplatef, please! The Minaret The third number of this new periodical of Washington'sschola poetarum contains the first installment of a series of"Silhouettes of the City," by Harold Hersey, which are excep- tional pen sketches of everyday incidents, as we can see them"as we walk out on the street." I find among the editorialsa very good suggestion for Vachel Lindsay to have a fewof his rag-time jingles set to music. Expression This newcomer among the small magazines calls itself "amonthly magazine of truth"and is edited by Alfred E. Hender- son, of the Society of Expressionists. A dramatic playlet bythe editor "The Call of Love" contains a charming little poem."The Face in the? Fire." Marinetti re-christened his painting, "The Carnival of Paris"into "The Bombardment of the Cathedral of Rheims," by Blix,from "Simplicissimus." Bulletin of the New York Public Library The Bulletin for December, which just reached our desk,contains a list of works in the New York Public Library per- taining to prints and their production, by Frank Weitenkampf,chief of the Art and Prints Division. "The object of the list,naturally and primarily, lis to show what the library has ofthe literature of a subject the interest in which is steadilyincreasing." Walhalla Otto Lohr, the editor of this literary and historical weekly, ispublishing very unique poetry in the* pages of his magazine. Apoem by Prince Karolath in the current issue shows the poet'screative genius. Art Notes The Macbeth Gallery publishes "in their own interest and theinterest of American Art" a handsome little monthly magazinewith good reproductions of paintings in their possession. Zippa, the Mosquito This is one of the short masterpieces by Paul Scherbaart, theco-editor of "Der Sturm" the review of the small group ofFuturists in Germany, who died recently. Translated byGuido Bruno. f\H, COME, come nearer to the lamp" gleefully exclaimedZippa. Her wings fluttered and two hundred little- mos- quitoes followed the invitation of little Zippa, happy, joyful,without hesitation, without thinking.Under the lamp, which was covered by a green silk screen,sat an old man eating, his supper.And there came Zippa with two hundred mosquitoes, andZippa felt hilarious like never before."Dying! Dying surely is the sweetest thing in life! Howwe do wish to die! Just to die!" And all the mosquitoes re- peated Zippa's exclamations.With merry laughter they fluttered against the hot chimney,and soon they lay convulsed with pain next to the supper dishesof the old man. He wanted to kill quickly the dying mosquitoesso that they would not suffer a long death agony.But Zippa cried while she shook her burnt wings. "Just leaveus alone. We are happy to die—dying is so beautiful!" Andagain all the dying mosquitoes repeated what Zippa had said.And everybody was laughing;—and died.The old man continued his supper.He was hungry. Maude: A Memory By Guido Bruno Maurice had ente'red the room noiselessly and approachedKennethJ He talked to him for a few seconds in a low voice."Courtland," said Kenneth, "Maurice informs me that oneof your office nurses would like to talk with you mi a very im- portant matter. If you do not wish to communicate with herjust now, let me tell her so.""It will distract my mind," answered Courtland, "I wouldrather hear myself what she has to say." He went to a littletable in a corner of the library. He took the receiver fromthe hook of the extension phone\ He listened for several min- utes. The peaceful quietness of the room was suddenly broken."What!" he shouted into the instrument and jumped from hisseat holding the receiver tightly to his ear and talking intentlyinto the mouthpiece. "Repeat that name! Tell Mrs. Regan thatI will be at the office presently. It will not take longer thanthirty minutes to get down there". Are there any newspapersin the office? Don't let her see them under any circumstances.Do you hear? Under any circumstances!" was the abrupt sound- ing order Courtland gave after the nurse had answered at theother end of the wire. Kenneth was near his friend. He tried to look uninterestedbut every fiber of his face? seemed to vibrate and the big questionwas written on his face. A few seconds passed in silence. Court- land turned to his friend. He appeared calm and quiet. Hisvoice, tired and disinterested only a fe'w minutes ago, had theold metallic ring of a man possessed of his ability to directothers."Will you please let me have your car, Kenneth? I amsorry for your chauffeur. I hate to discommode people! whenthey think they are through with their day's work."Kenneth rang the bell, gave Maurice the order to phone tothe garage to have the car ready. After the butler had gone,Courtland approached Kenneth. He stepped near him. Helooked into his eyes in an imperative way. "And now, Kenneth,"he said, "I invite you—unless you prefer to stay at home andretire—to come with me and meet the woman you defended afew minutes ago. A woman who has the face of a true idealcompanion for a man who has longed for her all his life, whohas the soul of a liar and a deceiver! She wishes to speak tome—to me the physician. Maude Regan is waiting in my office."The elevator man was asleep in a comfortable chair he hadputin the car. The halls of the big building resounded withthe footsteps of the two late visitors. Only a few electriclights shone mistily in the corridors. Mechanically the elevatordoor was shut by the sleeping guard and in no time they hadarrived at the sixteenth floor. The doors of the anteroomwere open. Courtland and Kenneth entered. They took offtheir coats and hats and threw them upon the canopy. One of thenurses came out. She whispered for a few minutes with, theDoctor. Courtland's face was rigid. A severe sternness hadsettle'd on his forehead. His eyes were hard as Kenneth hadnever seen them before. He passed the door of the receptionroom where shel waited. He went into his own den.Contrary to his custom he turned on the big candelabra indie middle of the ceiling. He turned on the lights on the wallsand turned on the different lamps on the tables and on themantel. "I want light, Kenneth," he said, "light and truth arefriends. Dreams, darkness and twilight are always companions.Dreams and twilight disappear, submerging in darkness, leavingnothing behind but disappointment and despair."He rang the bell, the nurse opened the door leading to theoperating room. "Tell Mrs. Re'gan I am at her disposal.The highest tension of a peculiar _ dramatic climax seemedto lie in the air of the dayliarht-ilHimined room. Comfort andpeace seemed to be everywhere. Kenneth, his back turned tothe door and to his friend, _ looked intently at the min:aturepainting of some stransfe-looking woman in the attire of a courtlady of the time of Louis XIV. It struck him funny to lookat the severe features of the young face and he admired the ex- quisite detail work of the artist who, perhaps, had spent monthsto bring out the real lace effect of the Stuart collar, drapedgraciously around the lady's neck. He did not understand the strange behavior of his friend and he? wished for seconds that hemight be at home in his library to finish the book he had startedearly in the afternoon.But again he recalled the helplessness of Courtland down onMichigan Avenue in front of that jewdry store where he hadfirst seen that picture of the woman on that dreadful pink page.Sympathy for the man standing there expecting to face thehardest situation a man is ever called upon to face, swefpt throughhis heart, and while still feeling like an intruder, he was glad hewas in the room.She wore a black tailor-made suit. The white lace rufflearound her neck, the white lace cuffs over her black kid gloves,relieved the somewhat severe impression of her attire. Shewore a black felt hat with a very small brim.Courtland had forgotten to answer her greeting. He startlefdher like the creation of another world. She had started toexplain her presence in his office at this late hour. She noticedthe extraordinary actions of the doctor. She stopped in themiddle of a sentence and looked helplessly back and forth fromKefnneth to Courtland, and then into Kenneth's face whose bigeyes were staring at her. Kenneth looked at his friend, tortur- ing his brain for some remark, a word that would relieve thesituation."You are Maude Regan?" At the Sign of the Red LampFifty-three West Third Street, New YorkYou will find this old and picturesque Chop House,TWO DOORS EAST OF WEST BROADWAYWe make a specialty of Sea Food, Steak and ChopsSAMUEL S. BROAD, Proprietor Telephone: Spring 5963Open Evenings until NineRARE BOOKS FIRST EDITIONSExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association BooksBooks for Christmas GiftsPurchased singly or in sets for people who have neither time nor opportunity toselect for themselves, or for those who have not access to the best book marts.Why not begin collecting now?Address E. V., Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass. THREE BIG COHAN &amp; HARRIS SUCCESSES AT k CTAD Broadway and 45th Si. Telephone, Bryant 287. Ere'* at 8:20THE Ad 1 UK Matinees, Wednesday (Popular Prices) and Saturday at 2:00Geo. M. Cohan's HIT-THE-TRAILGREAT HOLLIDAYPLAY With FRED NIBLO as " BILLY HOLLIDAY " AT ri nmf rD 42d Street, Wett of Broadway. Telephone, Bryant 6344THE CAW DLtK Eve'g, 8:10. Matinee*. Wednesday and Saturday at 2:10BEST PLAY OF THE YEARTHE HOUSE OF GLASSWith MARY RYAN and the Great AU-American Caat AT I AM/1 A PDC 48th Street, Wert of Broadway. Telephone, Bryant 23THE LUJNuALKE. Eve'g, B:3o.jiMatinee», Wednesday and Saturday, 2:30LEO DITRICHSTEINIn TRIIJMPHdy The Great Lover The Oasisof Washington SquareTea RoomIce Cream ParlorCigars and CigarettesBeneath Bruno's GarretROSSI BROS., Prop'rs Thomas PaSntLiffPaintingPwetern -. No. Fivebarrett Bankst.It is now possible for me'I to receive a few privatepupils in my studio at No.Five Bank Street in theafternoon from two untilsix at one dollar a lessonBank'st! GarrettDrawingPaintingPweter Heaka Kan* tCharles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, Situatedat No.lOFifth Avenue, Greenwich Village, NeY.C.Gtiido Bruao, Manager.This Week's Performances and ConcertsWednesday, 3:15 p. m.Thursday, 8:15 p. m.Friday, 8:15 p. m.Saturday, 2:00 p. m.8:15 p. m.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Ask or write for ticket of admission to TheLittle Humble Theatre performances. Theyare free of charge.