The mask 8 4 June 1918 naau_1918-06_01 The mask 8 4 GROUND PLAN OF THE VAUDEVILLE THEATRE PARIS 1837-1840 Edmund 1727-1197. Reflections on the Revolution in France cre 1 Untitled Image Illustration 1 EDITORIAL NOTE. 1-2 ENGLAND FOR THE ENGLISH. 1-2 GOETHE SIGHED AND WAS SILENT Conversations of Goethe with Eckermann, translated by John Oxenford cre 2 A PLEA FOR TWO THEATRES. by EDWARD GORDON CRAIG. 1915 Florence, 3-4 Untitled Image Illustration 3 BOOK REVIEWS. 4 SIX DRAWINGS OF TAGORE. 4 GOLDONl, by Taylor. 4 EXQUISITE SALE. 4 Untitled Image Illustration 4 THE MASK A MONTHLY LEAFLET OF r| ij ||-i * r"T™1 /'"~*\|—' rr-7T y-r—1 rp| *f IT*** A PT",]F'I 1 * 1 Hit, AK 1 Ur 1Hh 1 OEjAI Kb y_r _ ™ P J p OIP E PEivPI JL VOLUME EIGHT: NUMBER FOUR ADDRESS: BOX 444. FLORENCE All rights reserved June 1918.Gerente responsabile: Giulio Vanzi.Tipografia Giuntina. Firenze. PRICE ONE PENNY. GROUND PLAN OF THE VAUDEVILLE THEATREPARIS 1837-1840 Edmund 1727-1197.Reflections on the Revolution in France. IT must admitted that this plan of a little Tneatre shows some invention.The small space has been cunningly used. The scale of the plan is 1 /9G0the actual size. BECAUSE half-a-dozen grasshoppers under a fern make thefield ring with their importunate chink, whilst thousandsof great cattle, reposed beneath the shadow of the Britishoak, chew the cud and are silent, pray do not imagine thatthose who make the noise are the only inhabitants of thefield ; that of course they are many in number; or that, afterall, they are other than the little shrivelled, meagre, hopping,though loud and troublesome insects of the hour. EDITORIAL NOTE. ENGLAND FOR THE ENGLISH." A little leak will sink a great ship " M ANDRE BEAUNIER (we must• add, for Democracy's sake? 'thefamous French critic'), has stirred up,a discussion in Paris about the commonkind of plays, songs and revues dishedup for a frivolous public under thepretext or excuse that they are speciallyfor the Poilu (z).The Poilu writes from the front thathe'll be damned if he intends to havethe pigwash credited to him. He ad- mits that soldiers' language is, like thelanguage of the rest of the world, abit thick at times; but he will have usto understand that prepared and polish- ed Pornography is not what he wants.n The confusing of Pornography andgaiety is one of the most foolish er- rors of our day. It has done much tohurt the good reputation of France.Besides, the strangers who came toParis sought for it with an unhealthycuriosity and then despised us whenthey returned home. This hypocrisy iswell-known. Real gaiety is never nasty ;it is a sign of health ; while porno- graphy is a disease of the mind n.We need not, I think, bother muchabout the reputation of Europe, Paris,or even Brixton«on-sea: but neitherneed we leave business men any longerto manage the Theatres of Europe,Paris or Brixton-on-sea. Not that anartist has no sense of the pornographic....Some of the but late-departed artists,(and we need not go as far back asBeardsley) revealed some power in thatline. But it is quite certain that if youare to choose between a business manor artist the artist will, in the course oftwenty years, ,! raise the tone w of thestage as they say, whereas the businessman will lower it. The proof of thiscan be seen today in the wreck ofwhat was once the English Theatre.And we are convinced that we shallnot take the step in the right directionby grafting the matter and manner ofthe Russian Ballet and ' Sumururi' onto our English Plant. Again, 4 Englandfor the English', and may a clearsweep be made of those who would see foreign Art superimposed upon ourEnglish Art.Again, we have enough artists,... inevery branch of Art. To talk of Rus- sian, French, Italian or any ForeignArt, praising it before that of our owncountry, is not a whit less treacheronsthan is being a pro-German. Thetimes do not allow of it. And weneed to strengthen every bolt of ourship, and not lightly and mischievouslypoo-pooh the idea that the Arts arebolts of no importance, that Art hasno frontiers, is International, and thatthe Russians, Swedes and so forth areour friends. Friends by all means,....but let us not be dependants.As in Politics, so in the Arts,our own countrymen, (some of them,and mostly women), would sooner seea Foreigner any day at the head ofthe English stage than admit that 4 thatman' or 4 that hussy' was the bestEnglishman or woman for the job. Inshort, personal enemity or prejudiceagainst Englishmen and women pre- vents England from enjoying all itsadvantages; and our duty now is to prevent prejudice and personal emmityfrom lying the nation out of its rights,. We hope to hear the Press speakup louder about all English Art, andfar more reservedly (if at all for awhile), about Foreign Art.The has been praised for thestand it made against the fulsome ado- ration for the foreign article: .... itexpects more than that now. It wantsto see some of the far-famed Britishhonesty and fair dealing shown to theEnglish Arts and their representativeartists.It is not too early to speak of thesethings: it is about twenty years toolate. The war has not changed thetruth of the old saying that a littleleak will sink a great ship.There is a leak in England hi c: hmust be stopped. It is in the EnglishTheatre, and the hole has been boredby English men and women : ....notthe great Public, as it's called, but bythe ' elect', who are allowed to die- tate by the back-handed laws of thegimlet.They need not say that they too would like English Art if only therewere some English artists : that orange- peel lie, once so fatal, is done for.The critics have unanimously hailedour artists, and it is our critics, notour 'elect', whose word is to beMask taken.But it is against that utterly un-En- glish tendency of being a traitor thatwe shall write,.... and against that al- most worse tendency of being a half- traitor.So wherever you meet anyone whois playing false to English Art andartists, let them know what you thinkof them, and let everyone else knowthat they are Pro-this or that, and notPro-English. (i) See " The Literary Digest "(New York) Nov, 24 1917.This is a journal we should like tosee enlarged and strengthened, for itis a weekly treat already, and couldbe rather larger without difficulty andwith great advantage. We would likealso to see a French version of thesame journal, and an Italian one. nrn/rrR/JDCD TLJATJLe IvI th 1V10 tL» tv I fi/A 1^— - " ~ ..The shoe was lost for want of aFor Want of the shoe, the horse was lost,For Want of the horse, the rider was lost,For Want of the rider, the battle was lost,For want of the battle, the KingdomlWas 03 'And all for want of a horse-shoe nail. GOETHE SIGHED AND WAS SILENT Conversations of Goethe with Eckermann, translated by JohnOxenford. WHETHER it lies in the race, in the soil, in the freepolitical constitution, or in the healthy tone of edu- cation, — certainly the English in general appear to havecertain advantages over many others. Here in Weimar wesee only a few of them, and, probably, by no means thebest; but what fine handsome people they are. And how- ever young they come here, they feel themselves by no meansstrange or embarrassed in this foreign atmosphere; on thecontrary, their deportment in society is as full of confidence,and as easy as if they were lords everywhere, and thewhole world belonged to them. This it is which pleasesour women, and by which they make such havoc in thehearts of our young ladies. As a German father of afamily, who is concerned for the tranquillity of his house- hold, I often feel a slight shudder, when my daughter-in- law announces to me the expected arrival of some fresh,young islander. I already see in my mind s eye, thetears which will one day flow when he takes his depar- ture. They are dangerous young people; but this veryquality of being dangerous is their virtue 11.i! Still, I would not assert \ answered I, 11 that the youngerEngl shmen in Weimar are more clever, more intelligent,better informed, or more excellent at heart than otherpeople n.n The secret does not lie in these things, my good friend \returned Goethe ; neither does it he in birth and riches ;it lies in the courage which they have to be that for whichnature has made them. 1 here is nothing vitiated or spoiltabout them, there is nothing half-way or crooked; butsuch as they are they are thoroughly complete men. Thatthey are also sometimes complete fools, I allow withail my heart; but that is still something, and has stillalways some weight in the scale of nature." The happiness of personal freedom, the consciousnessof an English name, and of the importance attached to itby other nations, is an advantage even to the children; for in their own family as well as in scholastic establishments,they are treated with far more respect, and enjoy a farfreer development, than is the case with us Germans.n In our own dear Weimar, I need only look out ofthe window to discover how matters stand with us. Late- ly, when the snow was lying upon the ground, and myneighbour's children were trying their little sledges in thestreet, the police was immediately at hand, and I sawthe poor little things fly as quickly as they could. Now,when the spring sun tempts them from the houses, andthey would like to play with their companions before thedoor, I see them always constrained, as if they were not.safe, and feared the approach of some despot of the police.Not a boy may crack a whip, or sing or shout; the po- lice is immediately at hand to forbid it. This has theeffect with us all of taming youth prematurely, and ofdriving out all originality and all wildness, so that in theend nothing remains but the Philistine.11 You know that scarcely a day passes in which I amnot visited by some travelling foreigner. But if I were tosay that I took great pleasure, in the personal appearance,especially of young, learned Germans from a certain north- eastern quarter, 1 should tell a falsehood." Short-sighted, narrow-chested, young without youth;that is a picture of most of them as they appear to me.And if I enter into a conversation with any of them, Iimmediately observe that the things in which one of ustakes pleasure seem to them vain and trivial, that they areentirely absorbed in the Idea, and that only the highestproblems of speculation are fitted to inieiest them. Ofsound senes or delight in the sensual, there is no trace ,all youthful feeling and all youthful pleasures are drivenout of them, and that irrecoverably ; for if a man is notyoung in his twentieth year, how can he be so in hisfortieth ? nGoethe sighed and was silent. A PLEA FORTWO THEATRES.by EDWARD GORDON CRAIG.1915 Florence, I."SHUN THOSE STUDIES IN WHICH" THE WORK THA T RESUL TS DIES"WITH THE WORKER ".Leonardo da Vinci.MSS. South Kensington Museum, III, 55. 1 THINK we may listen to anythingthat Leonardo da Vinci says, andbenefit, without indulging in that mo- dern habit of getting peevish and ar- guing with every authority." Shun those studies.... in which....the work which results.... dies withthe workerTo us of the theatre these words fallheavily, like a cold douche.... but Iam tingling with the after effects.I am a member of that faculty (0which produces work the results ofwhich die with the worker, As suchI do not at all like Leonardo daVinci's warning, and this sets me think- ing about my calling, the theatricalfaculty. The results certainly die withthe worker. Must I shun my studiesbecause of that ? I rub my forehead,which wrinkles at the thought. I ampuzzled. Our work, then, is like....like grass — is that it ? which " in themorning is green and groweth up, butin the evening is cut down, dried upand withered ". I am not a very pa- tient being, and the spirit of UncleToby rses in me and I feel impelledto cry out, " By God, it shall not die!But before committing a big folly,let me first look about and see whether(i) The term theatrical profession"has outlived its day : pompously calledhy some, (not by us) 44 the " profession:the older term was 4 4 the quality". it be possible or no to make our work,if not eternal, in a great measure DU- RABLE. Why is it that our twomuses Melpomene and Thalia shouldbe held to be so powerless ? Theother seven seem to be allowed unli- mited powers.... Then why not ours?The other seven are perhaps jealousof the popularity of our two ladies.Perhaps we might make a compro- mise with these seven....We might say to them, " if wemake a light and airy theatre whichshall be offered up on your altar, willyou not on your part allow us tocreate, will you not, in fact, collabo- rate with our two ladies to inspire usin the creation of a durable theatrewhich shall last after we, the makers,are dead ? "And then it occurs to me that weare living in the twentieth century, andthat it would be quite impossible forme to go and make this appeal to theoracle, and, through the oracle, to themuses ; and that hang me if the positionis as bad as it looked at the first glance.After a moment's thought I realizethat as this is the twentieth century itdepends entirely upon ourselves whe- ther or no we wish to make a durabletheatre ; and if we do wish to we canmake it, and that without making apeace-offering of our perishable theatreto the Seven, such as I was proposing.Pondering further, I ask myself, Whynot make a durable theatre and a pe- rishable theatre, even as there is adurable spirit and a perishable % body ?Some one will tell me that we al- ready have a theatre with body andsoul, part perishable, part durable;that the player and the illuminationsand the decorations and the dancingsand the singings all pass, like the body,while the words of the poet live onlike the soul. And they will say thatit is the better part which lives andthe inferior part which dies.Now, I must be forgiven again forreminding you that I am a member ofthe theatrical faculty, and because ofthat I will stand my ground until thelast shot is gone, and fight for that fa- culty. I will not consent to be talked toabout the spiritual wonders of Shakes- peare and Synge and Sheridan andso forth. Surely we are fools.... wetheatre folk,... but we are not so foolishas not to be able to value our greatDramatists almost as well as you do.So of course I agree that their workis lasting and wonderful; but if thework we oi the stage do cannot alsobe durable, I am going to get somedistance towards the reason why itcannot be durable. Some one will throw a sop to mesaying, " But is the butterfly, becauseit is perishable, any less beautiful ? "I am not concerned with that, or withany arguments in praise of the peri- shable. Iam here concerned with thedurable, and the question whether ourtheatre can be made so.If it is in the nature of one workto be honoured because of its durablequalities, what is to prevent those qua- lities being ours, so that our workmay be honoured too ? I think it willbe very difficult for anyone to assertthat it has no right to endure because" its nature is ephemeral". Until thediamond has passed through many sta- ges in its development it also is ephe- meral ; but once having attained acertain state it is extraordinarily du- rable.In like manner, turning to the arts, wemay find that sculpture is very perishableunder some conditions and at certainstages; under other conditions it endures.The very man who warns us to" shun those studies in which the workthat is done dies with the worker",made a statue which was the wonderof the time; but he made it in clay,and it was destroyed immediately;whereas I have in front of me a smallbronze head of a Buddha which wasmade long before Leonardo lived andwhich is still enduring. Therefore, ifsculpture can be both perishable anddurable, may not our work which ismade with hands become durable ifwe develop it to that condition ?My reason for considering this que- stion is not, as some of my exponentswould suppose and do record, that Iam dreaming in Florence of a beautifulstate to come and am lost in a cloudyreverie. Nothing of the kind.What led me to these reflections waslooking through a number of Americannewspapers in which many plays givenin the commercial theatre, in theso-called " art " theatres, in the vaude- ville theatres and in the open air theatres,were recorded by photographs and aconsiderable amount was written aboutthese productions; and I thought tomyself that I had never come acrosssuch a display of waste in my life asthose records and photographs revealed."Do they know ", I thought tomyself, " that if the sums of moneythat went towards these paste-boardpatch-work pieces of what is honouredwith the word " art " were laid outin an orderly manner, and with a duesense of responsibility and proportion,and with the1 care which belongs tomen instead of to destructive children,.... the world would be all the richer by possessing lasting works of art insteadof a yearly rubbish heap higher thanthe Washington Memorial ? and as Iwrite I still wonder •••• "do peoplerealize this ?Now, one other thing, so that youdo not misunderstand me.Do not please imagine that I amquixotically inclined : that I am wantingto run a tilt against the theatrical tradeswho supply the goods which ultimatelypile up this pyramid of trash.The theatrical trades are like thetroops in this campaign of ours to winthrough to a better theatre. We shallnot lose one man more than is necessary. They are our first consideration, and itwould be ultimately to the interest oftheatrical tradesmen to deal in thingsof lasting value, which we know areworth very much more than thosethings which last but for the day.Have you got it clear then ? —that I will take my position only ona practical basis, and, from thatstandpoint, will look towards a promisedland.... and do something to movetowards it.There is nothing unpractical, if youwill consider for a moment, in hopingthat one day a great President or agreat Churchman, wishing to pay a high compliment, may allude tosomething national as being " theatrical. °Nowadays these highly placed dignitariesemploy the word " theatrical " whenthey wish to point to some blemish.Others follow the example W.Now, let us consider what can becalled a " perishable " theatre andwhat a " durable " theatre ; and afterthat let us consider whether the pre- sent theatre which we have with usnow is either the one, the other, orneither. So that lastly we may arriveat the chief reason for going into thisquestion.To be continued (i) Eleven examples of the misuse of the word " theatrical and one example where it is used graciously.title AUTHOR. PUBLISHER. PageThe Flight of the Dragon LAURENCE BINYON. HeYnemann. Vol. I 139Journal of the De Goncourt Brothers R_ Lethary_ Williams &amp; Norgate. 18, 251Th^ArtfSonnectedwith Building VARIOUS WRITERS. FMFHSY' 79NM„ck, c°«tr« WW N.,.rzsc„«. Art and Life A) B YEATS Bullen. Preface XIPlays for an Irish Theatre w. a. vts-Aib.Shelley at Oxford BREAL Duckworth. 32&gt; 61Murray fHandbook to Central Italy REV. H. JEAFFRESON, M. A. Murray, 1900-1907 DEC28*JThe Dailv Mail (The Theatrical Kaiser) LEADING ARTICLE. uec. 20, 1914The Adventures' of Tom Sawyer MARK TWAIN. Tauchmtz, 1*76. H2« AwrJ the theatrical gorgeousness of the thing appealed to him. " . .This last writer (the American, Mark Twain) is the sole writer of the 14 references whose words imply somethingcourteous the rest use the term as a reproach. 1 can give the names of numbers of other writers and their bookswherein this word " theatrical " is used in the derogatory sense instead of justly. BOOK REVIEWS. SIX DRAWINGS OF TAGORE.(Macmillan). 10 I - SIX beautiful pencil drawings of thenoble face of Sir Rabindranath Ta- gore by Professor Wllliam Rothenstemshow, if there were any need for proof,the value this artist should be to Shef- field, where he fills the first Chair ofCivic art in that centre.And then the few perfect words byMr Max Beerhohm as Introduction.Altogether subject, drawing, and wri- ting are of a piece. GOLDONl, by Taylor.(Chatto &amp; Windus. Also Duffield,U. S. A.) price 4 dollars. THE " Goldonin is rather a heavybook,... and India paper was notdear at the times it was published.How delightfully light the Oxford Dic- tionary is, and how readable. a rich work of research ; and one wouldhave thought that the dull history ofwords was dead long ago. How itlives again in the Oxford Dictionary,thin paper edition!Of course Mr Chatfield Taylor's• Goldoni' is awfully good, don't youknow; but what is the good of any- thing if it is not. alive-o? I look againat Tagore, I hug the Oxford Dictio- nary, singingn Pheasants and squirrels, alive, alive-o! EXQUISITE SALE.MAY 6 Ih, 7 Ih, S th, 1918. Beautiful Sum of £ 240,000 rea~lized for Pictures by Degas. (0 THERE is something tenderly trueto nature about Degas. His£ 4,008 J2), and his £ 3,800(3)have a certain something about themnot often found in works of modernart. Again, his £ 3,204 (4) is ahandsome sum.The Daily Raise the Standard as- sures us that on the; third day the saleshowed no flagging of interest. Thesalesmen and bidders were as fresh ason the day the pictures were painted.Altogether everyone is to be congra- tulated. And for our part we considerit as damnable as the invasion of Bel- gium by Germany.There is only one thing more dam- nable, ...that you all fail to see where- n it is an outrage. A friend said to me : *' Excuse pa- tience, for with patience you cando your work nicely and quickly.Patience brings the Water again tothe rivulet that has been dryy andmakes a thing better than it was be- fore. " I replied : " Even if the waterreturns to the stream, of what use isit to the fish that died twenty yearsago ? " FROM THE EAST. (i) A Dead Artist. (2) In the DancersGreenroom. (3) Portrait of Duranty.(4) Group of Dancers.