Bruno's Weekly 2 11 March 11th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-03-11_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 2 11 Sadakichi Hartmann Illustration 1 The great error of politicians is that old fancy of Solon, who Leigh Hunt cre 3 The Importance of Neckties. 3 The History of the Cravat 3-6 London Letter Edward Storer cre 6-7 Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre 8 Editorial Judgment 8-9 Three Things by Tom Sleeper 9 Love Diamond Crisp cre 9 Nathan Hale L. R. Heller cre 9-10 (Among the few literary men who succeeded in interviewing the 10 My Impractibles Frederick Nietzsche cre 10 Two Portraits of Nietzsche By Felix Vallotton, in La Revue Blanche Illustration 11 Hitherto Unpublished Letters by Oscar Wilde Oscar Wilde cre 11-12 Book-Plate Notes. 12-13 Untitled Image Illustration 13 Books and Magazines of the VVeek 13-15 13-14 The Minaret 14 The Old House 14 Challenge 14 The International 14-15 The Colonnade 15 In Our Village 15-17 On Bookstall Row 17-18 Wall Street Reflections Junius cre 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents March 11th, 1916W. and G. Copyright March 11th, 1916, Original matter, including alldrawings, may not be reproduced without permission of GuidoBruno; but that permission may be assumed if credit is given toauthor and Bruno's Weekly* ATCHARLES EDISON'S LITTLE THIMBLE THEATREAT NO. TEN FIFTH AVENUE, GREENWICH VILLAGE, N.Y.C,9. C 'Wi ■■ Wu|kMiss JuliaA Naturalistic Tragedy, In One Act 'By August SirindbcrgMtss Julia Laura Arnoldjean Lang don GillctChristine Alice BakerThe actfan lakes place on MiJ-Sommet Em in the kitchen of the Count's■ Country hoas*.GUIDO BRUNO, Mknafev LANGDON CfIJLET, DirectorEVERT MONDAY, TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY,at 8.4« P.M. and SATURDAY at &amp; o'clock.ONLY 100 SEATS. AT ONE DOLLAR EACHr»WWrfU»M)X OFFICE, 10 FIFTH AVENUE, or * •»* Readers of Bruno's Weeklyare asked to becomeSubscribers52 ISSUES FOR TWO DOLLARS BRUNO'S WEEKLY Edited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington No. 11. MARCH 11th, MCMXVI. Vol. 11. Copyright 1916 Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKT.Y BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 WashingtonSquare, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of NewYork. N. Y., October 14th, 1915, under the Act of March3d, 1879. Sadakichi Hartmann Leigh Hunt. The great error of politicians is that old fancy of Solon, whoinsisted that it was infamous for a citizen to be of no party, andendeavoured by a law to make the Athenians hypocrites. Thisconceit not only destroys every idea of meditation between twoparties; but does not even suppose that both may be wrong. Yetall history may convince us that he who resolutely professes him- self attached to any party is in danger of yielding to every extremefor the mere reputation of his opinion; he will argue for the mostmanifest errors of this or thai statesman, because he has hithertoagreed with him—an obstinacy as stupid as if a pedestrian were toexpress his satisfaction with a tempest at night} because he hadenjoyed sunshine in the morning. The Importance of Neckties. I PICKED up a curious book a few days ago. It is justas timely to-day as it was upon its publication in 1804;"The art of tieing a cravat, with explanatory plates"; it istrue to-day as well as a hundred years ago that the man iswell-dressed who has a perfect sitting collar and a well fit- ting and well tied cravat. It is really all that catches oureye in a chance meeting or sitting across the table in theoffice or in the dining-room. It is the only thing we reallyobserve in street cars, in subways or on. the street afterwe looked stranger or friend in the face.It would be a chapter in itself to enlarge upon how a maninvoluntarily expresses his character through his tie bowor tie knot. The steadfastness of character, the dependencyin matters of importance can be judged by the tie of aman. The colors he uses will betray to us not only his tastein things generally, but also his temperamental inclinations.Women have endless opportunities to express throughtheir exterior adornment what they really are. Rigid tradi- tions and strict conventions press the man of to-day intoa uniform; and the necktie means for him what the regi- mental colors mean to the otherwise uniformly cladEuropean army man. He who knows immediately dis- tinguishes artillery from infantry, and he who is an initiatewill tell at one glance if it is field artillery or coast artillery.Look at a man's necktie and you will know instantly notonly who he is but, if you are an initiate, it might be to youthe warning signal flag of his temperament. The History of the Cravat N° decided opinion can be given of the age in which Cra- vats were first introduced. The ancients were happilyunacquainted with the ridiculous and dangerous fashion of confining the throat in linen, either tied in front or fastenedbehind with a clasp; this part of the frame was allowed toremain in entire liberty; they, however, defended it from thecold by means of a woollen or silken cloth, called in Romefocalium, a term which is evidently derived from fauces (thethroat).A distinguished Jesuit (the Rev. Father Adam) in his workon Roman antiquities, proves by the most undoubted author- ity that the Romans made use of chin cloths, for the protec- tion of their neck and throat; these were termed focalia, andthe public orators, who from professional considerations werefearful of taking cold, contributed in no small degree to ren- der this fashion general. Some (says the Rev. Father) useda handkerchief (sudarium) for this purpose. This is probablythe origin of the Cravat, which is in many countries called"Neckhandkerchief."Augustus, who was infirm and sickly, constantly used thefocalium when at his own house, or with his friends, but hewas never seen in it in public; and Lampridus observes thatAlexander Severus made use of it only when returning fromthe baths to his palace. In Rome the custom of leaving theneck bare was so general that it was considered beneath thedignity of the man and citizen to protect it in any other waythan hand, or occasionally wrapping the toga round it.The throats of our forefathers were for ages as uncoveredas their faces; in this respect the descendants of the Sar- matae have not degenerated, as the Poles during the mostsevere winter have their throats constantly exposed. Thesame fashion (which is, however, less surprising) has de- scended to the Eastern Nations, among whom a white andwell turned neck is metaphorically compared to the beautyof a tower of Ivory. The Calmucks, Baskirs and other Tar- tars or tne Don, on the border of the Caspian Sea, alsoadhere to this fashion; very few of them, however, merit theeastern compliment, as their throats are generally ugly andill-formed, i his custom gradually declined in France andseveral parts of Europe, and luxury, rather than necessity,introduced the fashion of covering the throat loosely with afine starched linen cloth; this was worn above the shirt, with- out a collar; the ends were brought down on the breast andthere fastened by laces of thread—from this idea of bandswas —before introduction of the heavy and unhealthvbonds, which at a later period confined the throat, was evendreamt of.The ruff, stiffened and curled in single or double rows (aninconvenient but harmless ornament) became the favoritein its tutn, and continued in fashion while the hair was wornshort; but this also fell into disrepute when Louix XIIIallowed his to grow. Then raised collars, plaited neckclothsand bands (both plain and of lace) enveloped the throats ofour ancestors, from the neck to the chin, and covered thetops of the arms until Louis XIV adopted the enormousflaxen or black peruke, which almost concealed the front ofthe neck. It then gave way to bright coloured ribands ar- ranged in bows, which were also introduced by this gay andgallant monarch, and imitated by every one according to hisrank or caprice.Up to that time, as frivolity alone had reigned, the fashionwas not injurious; but the throat, which had hitherto beencomparatively free, now lost that liberty which it has neversince regained. In 1660 a regiment of Croats arrived inFrance; a part of their singular costume excited the greatestadmiration, and was immediately and generally imitated; thiswas a tour de cou, made (for the private soldiers) of commonlace, and of muslin or silk for the officers; the ends werearranged en rosette, or ornamented with button or tuft, whichhung gracefully on the breast. This new arrangement, whichconfined the throat but very slightly, was at first termed aCroat, since corrupted to Cravat. The Cravats of the officersand people of rank were extremely fine, and the ends wereembroidered or trimmed with broad lace; those for the lowerclasses were subsequently made of cloth or cotton, or at thebest of black taffeta, plaited; which was tied round the neckby two small strings. These strings were at a later periodreplaced by clasps, or a buckle, and the Cravat then took thename of Stock.The Cravat at length became universal, and was increasedto an almost incredible size. Some enveloped the neck inentire pieces of muslin; others wore a stitched stiffener, onwhich several handkerchiefs were folded. By this echafau- dage the neck was placed in a level with the head, which insize it surpassed, and with which it was confounded. Theshirt collar rose to the side of the ears, and the top of theCravat covered the mouth and lower part of the nose, so thatthe face (with the exception of the nose) was concealed bythe Cravat and a forest of whiskers; these rose on each sideof the hair, which was combed down over the eyes.In this costume the elegans bore a greater resemblance tobeasts than men and the fashion gave rise to many laughablecaricatures. They were compelled to look straight beforethem as the head could only be turned by general consent ofall the members, and the tout ensemble was that of an un- finished statue.Instances have, however, occurred in which these immenseCravats have saved the lives of the wearers in battle. Onefact, as related by Dr. Pizie, may be worthy of record: "Iwas laughing" (says he) "at General I epale, on account ofhis enormous Cravat. At the moment of entering into action,his regiment charged, and after dispersing the enemy's cav- alry returned to the bivouac. I was informed that the Gen- eral had been struck by a pistol shot in the throat. I imme- diately hastened to his assistance and was shewn a bulletwhich was stopped in its career by the very Cravat I hadjust been ridiculing. Two officers and several privates hadreceived sabre cuts on the Cravat, and escaped without in- jury, so that I was obliged to confess that these immensebandages were not always useless." Singers more than any class of persons, should be carefulto avoid exposing the throat to the cold as a moderate heatcontributes to supply the organs, and renders the voiceclearer and more harmonious; though, on the contrary, it isgreatly deteriorated if the throat is constrained by a tight- ened Cravat. No part of the body is more susceptible ofcold than the neck; and this susceptibility is the effect of toomuch covering in general; but in leaving a ball room, or anyheated place, the greatest care should be taken to defendthe chest and neck from cold.The natives of the South are but too well acquainted withthe danger of such sudden transitions, and the Spaniardsparticularly, who always wear a large handkerchief hangingcarelessly from the neck, invariably wrap themselves in it,when being warm they are suddenly exposed to the cold.In short, the Cravat has now arrived at the summit ofperfection, and has been materially assisted in its progressby the use of starch. The question naturally arises to whomis the world indebted for this sublime invention? To theEnglish, Russians, Italians or French? On this point weconfess ourselves unable to decide. The blanchisseuses ofeach of those powers have been instrumental in communi- cating this important discovery to the world.On our parts, more profound investigations would be un- availing and it is only by a continued course of laboriousresearch that it would be possible to remove the obscuritywhich has enveloped the subject of our labours for so manyages. (Introduction to"The Art of Tying the Cravat," by H. Le Blanc,published 1804 by F. and B. Fordes, 455 Broadway, Nekv York.) London Letter Edward Storer. London Office cf BRUNO'S WEEKLY,18 St. Charles Square, New KensingtonFebruary 23rd, 1916.]\/[R- GEORGE MOORE will probably create some excite- ment with his new "Life of Christ"—"The Brook Ker- ith"—which is announced. In order to write this work Mr.Moore undertook a journey to Palestine. Already some ofthe papers are whipping up clerics and professors to con- demn the work in advance. I have not seen any advancecopy of it, but according to report it is in the form of anovel and puts forward some very heretical views. In factI think Moore challenges the very fact of Christ's death uponthe cross. "Some hours on the cross would be more likelyto produce a cataleptic swoon than death," he says. To thisDr. Claye Shaw, a well-known lecturer at St. Bartholomew'sHospital, replies: "The accepted medical view of the deathof Christ is that He died from pericarditis with effusion, andthat His early death ensued from this condition and wasaccelerated by the wound from the javelin."I think I should include a mention of the Poet Laureate'snew orthology "The Spirit of Man," which is being reviewedeverywhere at great length. Dr. Bridges has been inspired to compile it in a spirt ofpatriotism. He planned it as a volume to afford cheer and re- freshment to those who take no active part in the war ofwars. The book is arranged on a generous basis and in- cludes quotations from the philosophers as well as the poets.There are translations from the Hebrew, Greek, Latin, Per- sian, Russia, German and Chinese. The poets representedrange from Homer to Rupert Brooke. The fault of thebook lies in its very profuseness. It is really the anthologywith the limited though not financial scope which is the best.Another "ANTHOLOGY" which is enjoying considerablesuccess in England comes from America—from Spoon Riverin fact. Since this book is well-known to you I will sayno more about it. I have not read it yet, but it is certainlyvery popular over here and has been widely reviewed. Onething which strikes the reviewers is the quaintness of thetitle.Another shock has been given to the world of writers thisweek. Paper is to be doubled or trebled in price. Bookswill cost more, and a great many will be postponed. Mr.John Lane says young novelists will stand little chance ofhaving their works published. Some of the papers, it isto be supposed, will cut down their size, and it does notseem cynical to prophecy that the curtailment will beginwith the literary and artistic columns.The word of translations from the Russian and books onRussia keeps up its pressure. This week we have"TheWay of the Cross" by V. Doroshevitch and"The EpicSongs of Russia" by Isabel Florence Hapgood. Mr. StephenGraham of course writes an introduction to the former. Mr.Graham has made a sort of literary corner in Russia and isnaturally applied to for his benediction over all Russianliterary projects.In the world of the theatre, Air. Sturge Morse's "Judith"has been one of the refined pleasures of the week. It was per- formed by the Stage Society. The play is gracious, sensi- tive and dignified but it is not dramatic or even very real.Miss Lillah McCarthy played the part of Judith.Dr. Ethel Smyth our woman composer has produced anew opera—and on what libretto has she written it do yousuppose? She has taken one of N. W. Jacobs sea yarns,"The Boatsman's Mate" and altered it considerably andmade something out of it which has certainly more distinc- tion than a musical comedy but perhaps not so much reason.A new volume of poems, "The Man With a Hammer" byMiss Anna Wickham (Grant Richards 2s 6d) contains someverses which if not remarkable as poetry are interestingpsychologically. The revolting woman speaks in Miss Wick- ham, or perhaps it is really the woman who would like torevolt. Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre The Bruno Players "Miss Julia" will continue on the program during thecoming week. The performances take place Monday, Tues- day and Wednesday at 8.45 p. m., and the Saturday matineeat 3 p. m. The curtain rises respectively at eight forty-fiveand three sharp, and the doors are closed during the per- formance. Late-comers are not being admitted. The nextprogramme will present a comedy by Strindberg which willprove that the Great Swede has the same sense of the com- edy in life that he has manifested so often for the inevitabletragedy. Also a war play by an American author, whichunrolls before our eyes a vivid picture of things that are orcould be, will be on the bill of which the first performanceis scheduled for Mondaj', March 27. Musicales On Friday and Saturday evenings Donna Faunce, asoprano, will sing a selection of songs by Liza Lehmann,including The Wood Pigeon, The Yellowhammer, The Owl,and The Cuckoo. Miss Faunce recently came to New Yorkto complete her vocal studies and intends to enter upon aconcert career.Miss Elsa De Val, who also appears on this week's pro- gramme, is known as a church singer, but it is her desire touse the concert stage as a stepping stone to grand opera.She appears in the Thimble Theatre for the first time beforea public audience. Her programme includes One Fine Day(Madam Butterfly), by Puccini, The Gift by Mary HelenBrown, and Welcome, Sweet Wind, by Cadman. Editorial Judgment jpERCY BYSSHE SHELLEY had just been kicked out ofthe office of McClure's."I tried to sell my ode to a skylark," he explained to JohnKeats, "but they objected to it as a violation of neutrality.""I understand that," said Leigh Hunt, who joined thepair at Twenty-third Street, ' because McClure would be sureto think you meant a Zeppelin."''.But I thought McClure was such an admirer of the Ger- mans,said Shelley. "Didn't he go all around the countryonce, imploring us to imitate the Germans?""Besides," interjected Keats, "McClure has nothing moreto do with McClure's.""His editorial judgment must still carry weight though,"said Leigh Hunt. "They refused my poem, 'Jenny KissedMe,' because I failed to make it clear that the parties wereeither married or engaged to be married.""I shouldn't think McClure would care," said Keats sadly,"whether you and Jenny are married or not.""He doesn't," explained Shelley. "But he can't run the risk of having a whole edition held up in the post office."''Then why does he expose the female form the way hedoes on his covers?""That isn't the female form you're always seeing on thecover of McClure's. It's a lot of Havard men in the samestyle of girl's bathing suit.""Did you get your information," asked Shelley, "fromMcClure himself?""I didn't have to," said Keats. "You can always tell aHarvard man." From The Bang, Alexander Harvey's Unique Weekly. Three Things by Tom Sleeper London OLEAR blobs of light that burble murkily thru the drith- ering fog.—A horse-cab janketing over the cobble- stones.—A man and woman chawning odd bids of puff overnear the curb.—The bulking cop sentineling his traffic post—and ever comes the brum bum of far-off tram cars. Attainment The world gave me the ha! ha! when I was twenty-six.And again when I was forty-two.Now I can give the world the ha! ha!The Devil eat it! Question WHY should my cow be tethered with a common iron chainwhile my dog disports himself at the end of a Russianleather thong?There is caste even among prisoners. Love Diamond Crisp. like a roseSmiling in the sunHath called meLove like a roseBlowing in a stormHath lashed meLove like a roseScattered on the grassHath killed me. Nathan Hale L. R. Heller. at from any standpoint, from any aspect, at anyhour of the day, or on any day of the week, in allseasons and under all human condition, that statue is aninspiration to the men of this great metropolis. Standing as he does, the clear-eyed patriot looks out andover the busy highway of traffic, and at his right hand risethe massive homes of the daily press.When the summer leafage softens the background; whenthe bare branches intensify the outlines of the bronze; whenthe morning sun lights up the east and spreads an aureoleof glory behind his head; when the sunset's lingering raystouch that calm young face with a kiss of infinite tender- ness; when the cold moonlight wraps him in the mantleof her shimmering glory, always, always he stands there,with fettered hands and feet, but with a dauntless spiritwhich no human power can quell, which bows but to themandates of truth and honor.Yet, when the rush and the turmoil of the week are endedand over the Sabbath stillness, the noontide chimes ofTrinity are heard, he seems to assume more majestic pro- portions; he stands a giant, fettered for his country's sake,and in the voices of the chapel bells he seems to hear themusic of the angels singing, and the Master's words, "Welldone." (Among the few literary men who succeeded in interviewing thegreat actress, Eleanor a Duse, was Arthur Symons. The followingsentences are perhaps the most important spoken by Duse duringthe conversation.)To save the theatre, the theatre must be destroyed, theactors and actresses must all die of the plague. They poisonthe air, they make art impossible. It is not drama that theyplay, but pieces for the theatre. The drama dies of stallsand boxes and evening dress, and people who come to digesttheir dinner. My Impractibles Frederick Nietzsche. Seneca, or the toreador of virtue.Rousseau, or return to nature in impuris naturalibus.Schiller, or the moral Trumpeter of Sackingen.Dante, or the hyena poetizing in tombs.Kant, or cant as an intelligible character.Victor Hugo, or Pharos in a sea of absurdity.Michelet, or enthusiasm which strips off the coat.Carlyle, or pessimism as an undigested dinner.John Stuart Mill, or offensive transparency.The Goncourts, or the two Ajaxes struggling withHomer; music by Offenbach.Zola, or the delight to stink. Two Portraits of NietzscheBy Felix Vallotton, in La Revue Blanche Hitherto Unpublished Letters byOscar Wilde Oscar Wilde. (Letters ivhich are at present among the collection of Patrick h.Madigan, ivritten by Oscar Wilde to friends and acquaintances,and a few letters addressed to Mr. Smithers, his publisher, are sosignificant for his style and every-day thoughts that the reproduc- tion on these pages ivill prove a valuable addition to our IVildeliterature.)Albermarble Club,13 Albermarble Street, W.(1884) 16 Tite Street,S. W.Dear Sir *I will send you a Ms. copy of my play—a little incomplete,but still, enough to give you an idea of its ethical scheme.Your letter has deeply moved me—to the world I seem,by intention or by part, a dilettante and dandy merely—.It is not wise to show ones heart to the world—and asseriousness of manner is the disguise of the fool, so follyin its exquisite modes of triviality and indifference and lackof care, is the robe of the wise man.In so vile an age as this we all need masks.But write to me about yourself—tell me your life andloves—and all that makes you wonder. Who are you?(what a difficult question for any one of us to answer!) I,at any rate, amYour friend, Oscar Wilde. To T. Hutchinson, Esq.,16 Tite Street,Chelsea, S. W.July 13th, 1888.My dear Sir:I must thank you for your very charming and gracefulletter but I am afraid that I don't think as much of theYoung Student as you do. He seems to me a rather shallowyoung man, and almost as bad as the girl he thinks so lovely.The Nightingale is the true lover, if there is one. She, atleast, is Romance; and the Student and the girl are, likemost of us, unworthy of Romance. So, at least, it seems tome, but I like to fancy that there may be many meaningsin the Tale, for in writing it, and the others, I did not startwith an idea and clothe it in form, but began with a formand strove to make it beautiful enough to have many secrets,and many answers. Truly yours, (The Nightingale and the Rose, to which the above letter refers, isincluded in the collection of Fairy stories entitled "The Happy Prince,and Other Tales," by Oscar Wilde.) Book-Plate Notes. rjHHE book-plate to-day is a necessary accessory to the bookitself. can buy a book put on public sale. Toplace the individual mark of ownership upon everything thatwe acquire for personal use is the marked tendency of ourtimes: to place our initials or our coat-of-arms or our trade- mark upon the things we are using daily. The monogram onour handkerchief and on our linen, the label on the insidepocket of our coat or on the vanity case or on the seal ring;on the china or silver we are using in our dining-room, im- pregnate those things with our personality. Book-plates arenot an ornament. Just a visible sign of proprietorship.Coulton Waugh is devoting himself to book-plates exclu- sively and will arrange for an exhibition in the near future.During the first week in May the American Art Associationwill sell at public auction the remarkable collection of book- plates formed by the late Dr. Henry C. Eno, consisting ofAmerican, English and Continental plates, library labels,leather book-plates and the like, which number over fourthousand items and include the works of famous designersand the plates of important personages of ancient and mod- ern times.Henry Blakewell, who recently disposed by auction sale ofiiis large collection of book-plates, is at work upon a check- list of American book-plates. The book-plate reproduced on this page was drawnby and for Adelaide Helen Page in April, 1898, when shewas five and a half years old. It was accepted by the Museumof Fine Arts in Boston. The silhouette is a portrait of MissPage.7 Books and Magazines of the VVeek pHICAGO was and is the city where wit and humor, unin- fluenced by Europe, finds its expression from time totime in small magazines published and edited by_ one man,who evidently has no other desires but to have his say, un- hampered by editors and uncurtailed by that mighty ruler:convention. It was Chicago where the greatest Americanminds which were humans at the same time found a cnance toexpress themselves during the last twenty-five years. Therewas Eugene Field, who knew better than anyone else, eitherbefore him or since, how to look at that other side of Ameri- can life, to see the man beneath hiseveryday attitude towardsevery-day life. There was Ben King, who was for Chicagowhat Salis meant to Paris; but Salis needed a chat noir and acircle of poets, musicians and artists, while Ben King createda chat noir wherever he was present. And there was StanleyWaterloo, with whom to converse for an hour meant to takea new lease upon life.They have departed from earthly life, but pick up one oftheir books and you will feel their individuality, you willfeel their presence. James Whitcomb Riley and George Adepassed through Chicago on their happy road to achievement and success. And Opie Read is still there. And Bill Eaton,who guards in his "Scoop" every week, a brilliant testimonyof what is being done in Chicago to-day in letters and art.The pages of his paper are a kalaiedoscope of real life, sea- soned with a bit of sarcasm here and there, serious in theircriticisms but always kind and always cheerful. Leaving alasting good taste. Colonel Visscher, the humorist, looksupon things in a lighter vein. And Dr. Frank Lydston for- gets here his ever preparedness and talks about things nearerto us than his surgical-wonder operations or his solutions ofsexual problems.Cowley Stapleton Brown, he of the never-to-be-forgotten"Goose-Quill," created for himself a unique corner in Ameri- can criticism in Mr. French's '"Musical Leader," which gavethis otherwise unimportant musical publication a distinctionthat will be pointed out in times to come.And now there is being published a new magazine called"The Polemic." No editor's name appears upon its pages.It is unique. It has exceptional literary qualities. It is a dis- tinct portrayal of Chicago life, and it is life. Here is the"Overture" on the first page of Vol. 1, No. 1: "In creating"The Polemic" we are entertaining the hypothesis that if wecrack a bull-dog on the nose, he may not love us but he willbe damned interested in our movements." The Minaret The current issue of "The Minaret" contains a very goodreview of Rupert Brooke's collected poems by Blanche Shoe- maker Wagstaff. It is short but says everything that couldbe said. Sentiments very seldom voiced by American con- temporaries are the attractive motives of Harold Hersey's"Silhouettes of the City." We cannot resist reprinting theone published in the March issue. The Old House Just an old brick house,One among many others in a dreary block.But like the houses of the city it has an individual voice,Its own memories, its own sadness.Here I lived in the springtime of my years,In that room with the dull, silent windows.And through that hall came to my doorOne whose hand and voice will never be forgotten,The kindest secret of my heart.Old house, I wonder how many others have lived withinyou. Challenge There was a lot of noise at the time of the birth of thisnew monthly: Parturiunt monies, nascetur ridiculus mus! it isa nice college paper and is a bit revolutionary, just enough soto be daring, but that is all. Discussion of such matters assex and equal suffrage, never led to positive results or directconclusions in magazines. But it is a nice college paper. The International In the current issue of Mr. Viereck's monthly Hans Heinz Ewers found his first appreciation in America. Ewers, whoseprose writings have some of the qualities of Edgar Allan Poe,played an important part in the cabaret movement of theearly nineties in Germany and contributed a great deal to theunderstanding in Germany of contemporary French writers.Not long ago he was in America when he gave several read- ings of his works in the Irving Place Theater. The Colonnade John W. Draper's importance for style and significance incontemporary poetry is discussed in the current issue of thismagazine, published by the Andiron Club by Charles GrayShaw, Professor of Ethics in the New York University. Thesame number contains a three-act play, "Between CloisterGates," by John W. Draper, the editor of the magazine. In Our Village ""THERE is only one thing that prevents Sadakichi fromranking to-day among our classics; he is alive. Sada- kichi should be dead. Rightfully he should have died aboutten years ago. But he insists upon living; he insists uponbeing a monument of his own. He insists upon standing onthe pedestal where he placed himself, and he loves with thenaivetee of a child to gather himself the wreaths and flowershis admirers place at his feet—the feet of that monument.Sadakichi has, in common with other great men to whomrecognition did not come easily, the ardent wish to be recog- nized by his contemporaries. He is looking upon his con- temporaries as his posterity which he wishes to pay homageto him. . . . He is a bad actor. He dies upon that stage,which life represents to him, and insists upon awakening atthe wrong time, before the curtain has been rung down onhim; the onlookers admire the heroic death, and he destroysthat "certain something" in the psychological moment . . .and we all can see that real live thing . . . and Sadakichiwill try again to die.His works, those he wrote years and years ago—are su- perb. They are strong, they are convincing. He has often.been compared to Poe. Whenever the American thinks oforiginality in letters, he will remember Poe who stands outto-day as well as seventy-five years ago as the only poetand writer in America who was an individuality and whowas original. Sadakichi has a style of his own, and thetertium comparationis is originality.The merciless necessity of earning money has been thestumbling-block of many a genius. It was not in Sadakichi'spath. He always was and is a firm believer that genius isthe one and only investment that should bear him rightfullyample interest to live on comfortably. The world misunder- stands. Posterity will find it only natural. But posterityagain will have its own personal interests to expend lavishlymoney to erect monuments or confer other honors uponthe dead man.It is easier to buy a block of marble and have an artist transform it into a wonderful bust than to give value forvalue. .And so Sadalcichi is a wayfarer of yore, out in the world,appearing here and there demanding tribute from contem- poraries who look upon him as a curiosity. But he is con- scious of what he is doing. He has no illusions about it.He laughs. He laughs at the world and he laughs at himself. . . but he is serious, reverently serious when he remem- bers those years in which he really worked and strived andproduced; and those are the years that are redeeming himnow for us,—that will make posterity to understand him tohonor him to glorify him.I see the time when publishers will collect the scraps withhis handwriting and the books and pamphlets he publishedhimself. I see a biographer busy to interpret that fruit- bearing period of the Nineties when he was at his best andwrote his "Christ," and "Buddha" and published his "Stylus'and his "Art Critic."Sadakitchi Hartmann was among us for a few days beforehis departure for Colorado, where he is going to make hispermanent home.The dramatic group of the Liberal Club produced on Sun- day, the sth, two plays, "Suppressed Desires," a psycho- analytical play by George Cram Cook and Susan Glaspell,and"The Five Daughters of a King," by Rollo Peters. AlicePalmer was the second princess. She acted a princess hereas well as she does in her village store, when she is seatedunder that gorgeous purple canopy, her head reclining on aflaming green pillow with yellow ornaments, and two enor- mous candles (they are six-footers) flickering mystically oneach side of her. "Mary Pyne, who played the fifth princess,should have been the first.The large array of electric lamps under shades of all shapesand color combinations is but one of the twilight attractionsin Mr. Hellman's studio. His Sunday afternoon teas are devel- oping into a salon, where one can meet in the most uncon- ventional manner refugee princesses, newly arrived fromEurope, editors who represent power on the other side of thecounter which divides the literateurs and artists of Americain successes and into others; and just plain every-day villagerswho are writing or oainting.The Candlestick Tea Room is now owned and operatedsolely by Miss Coones, who last week purchased Mrs. Pen- dington's interest in this orange colored and candle-lightedeating place in Greenwich Villacre.From February 19th until March sth, the Modern ArtSchool exhibited works of art by its teachers and pupils.Most of,the exhibits were shown for the first time. Amongthem was a bust by Bourdelle, never before exhibited inAmerica. Bruno's Garret Landlords are very slow if it means to repair a building orput it into shape again after a fire. It took almost a monthto put a roof upon the Garret and to restore the damagedwalls, so it can again fulfill its mission: to shelter the works of artists tacked to its walls (the works, not the artists) andpeople who are anxious to listen to the creations of the poetsand authors who give their readings here. The Garret willopen its doors again on Saturday, March 11th. Cartoons ofSteinlen chronologically arranged as they appeared in GilBias, sixty-eight of the best he ever did, will be exhibitedfrom the 11th of March until the first of April. Saturdayafternoon and Monday evening are reserved, as before thefire, for the purpose of keeping "open house." On Bookstall Row |N years there has not been such a demand for books inforeign languages as has been evidenced since the begin- ning of the war, especially during the last four months, ac- cording to Mr. Hammond, one of the oldest booksellers onFourth Avenue. He specializes in French and Germannovels and his; explanation of this suddenly awakened in- terest for foreign belle lettres seems very plausible. Manythousand dollars' worth of books are bought daily by thevarious war relief societies and by individuals who are ship- ping their purchases to the German, English and Frenchconcentration camps. While the Germans permit, Englishbooks and magazines intra muras of the concentration campsjthe English and French exclude all periodical literature ina foreign language from their prison camps. Mr. Hammondcontends that he sold more books by Balzac and by Dickensduring the last six months than he ordinarily would sell inthe course of five years, depending upon his New York trade.It was a good joke upon H. Stone, he who had thegood fortune—or perhaps a profound knowledge, who knows,—to dig up during the last few years very rare and importantitems, such as a complete series of Poor Richard's Almanacsand never-before-known Mark Twain material to dispose ofa letter by Lincoln for fifteen cents. He bought a lot ofbooks at a recent auction sale and after looking them over,evidently not too careiully, designated them to his table infront of his shop, to be sold at fifteen cents each. They didnot prove very sellers. For almost three weeks theywere out there in rain and shine, and nobody seemed to beattracted enough to take them home. Last Saturday a well- known Brooklyn clergyman inspected the lot, picked up oneoi the volumes, paid fifteen cents for it and took home anapparently unimportant bookj but inlaid between its paoreswas a letter in the handwriting of Lincoln, and a long o'ne,too. Since then the clergyman was offered one hunderd andfifty dollars for his find, but he refused to sell it. But sov/iH happen ii a dealer of books pays special interest toart, and makes out of his book shop an exhibition parlor ofdiscarded originals of drawings which have appeared duringthe last ten years in "Leslie's Weekly."Frank Bender, whose store is filled to the brim with bookson architecture and with ancient pians and plates, recently.cuTiOUS lot of a long-forgotten English magazine,ihc bpn it Lamp. Li e has hundreds oi them. They are of interest because Lord Alfred Douglas was the editor andOscar Wilde one of the chief contributors.OM Man Deutschberger, who moved a few doors northof his old shop some time ago, disposed, Friday, of all hisbook-plate books and of a large part of his book-plate litera- ture, consisting of pamphlets, periodicals and individualplates. He has some very curious Americana in that ominousold buffet used by him as the sacred screen for the rarest ofthe rare. But his prices are prohibitive, at least for thosewho really want to read the books.Several new shops ventured to locate among the oldstand-bys from the days of the old Astor library. There is anew basement shop whose proprietor evidently loves Englishessays and books on books. And another one a lew aoorssouth specializing in old magazines. It is tne Dorado for theextra illustrator; but he must have the time down andto look through a few thousand periodicals. They are notclassified, and the proprietor is as ignorant of what he has ashis prospective buyer. _ Wall Street Reflections "Junius" THE stock market situation has just enough of mysteryin it to make it perplexing even for the shrewdest ob- servers. The attitude is one of watchful waiting. Prices,not values are under pressure.Those timid ones who feared that the political cloud hover- ing over Washington was the precursor of a tornado andwho made haste to sacrifice their securities, are now comingout of their panic to find that the sun of peace and pros- perity is still shining here. .Politics has ruled the stock market for the last fortnightWar stocks have suffered most. Prices of the leading sharesare much lower than they were last November.It was their thought that all the "good news" was outand the market was sold for that reason, but now even betternews is coming. The wonderful New York Central Januaryreport following the satisfactory Pennsylvania's annualfigures will bring the good rails into line also steels andcoopers as an exceptionally good purchase.European demand for American goods and products con- tinues and in my opinion will continue not only during the-Tar but for a long period to come. Earnings make dividendsand not promises. iAn interesting situation is manifest in the Bond market.Hardly a day passes that new Bond issues are not offeredto the public and are being quickly absorbed. This showsthat there is an abundance of investment money awaitingan outlet. 1 BLEEP ON Mr WALLS a permanent exhibition of autographs, man-uscripts and historical documents, and have at present an especiallyinteresting collection of letters and original manuscripts by Abra-ham Lincoln, George Washington, Robert Louis Stevenson, Oscar Wildeand Edgar Allan Poe. These are the original scripts of stories, poemsand documents which have made these men famous. If interested, dropme a line, or better, come and see my exhibition.PATRICK FRANCIS MADIGAN561 Fifth Ave. (entrance 46th St.), New York At the Sign of the Red LampFifty-Three West Third Street, New YorkTon will find this old and picturesque Chop House*TWO DOORS BAST OF WEST BROADWAYWe make a specialty of Sea Food* Steak and ChopsSAMUEL. S. BROAD, Proprietor Telephone: Spring SMIOpen Evenings until Nine RARE BOOKS FIRST EDITIONSExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association Books*Books for Christmas GiftsPurchased singly or in sets for people who have neither time nor oppor*tunity to select for themselves, or for those who have not access to thebest book marts. Why not begin collecting now?Address, E. V., Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass. The Candlestick Tea RoomTHE CANDLESTICK TEA ROOM has arranged space forDancing every Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday night fromeight to eleven. Good Music and Fine Floor. Patrons of theTea Room welcome.17 WEST BTH STREETTEL. STUYVESANT 23* For Houses, Apartments or Rooms, SeePEPE &amp; BRO.REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE40 So. Washington SquareTelephone 4119 Spring Cor. of MacDougal Street Being a bookINWH I C Hwe say just what we think. Published every month by Norman-BelGeddes at 756 Second Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It is a liitltbook uniquely illustrated. Write for sample copy. Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, SituatedAt No. 10 Fifth Avenue, Greenwich Village, N. Y, C.Guido Bruno, ManagerThis Week's PerformancesMonday, 8:45 p. in. Bruno PlayersTuesday, 8:45 p. m. Bruno Player*Wednesday, 8:45 p. m* Bruno PlayersThursday, 8:45 p. m. Musical©Friday, 8:45 p. m. Musical©Saturday, 8:00 p. m. Bruno PlayersSaturday, 8:15 p. nu MusicaleAsk or write for ticket of admission to theMusicales. They are free. I BUY BOOKSSingle volumes, small lots, and libraries; autographletters of known literary men and artists, drawings,pictures and engravings. Address"COLLECTOR," Care of Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington Sq. There can be no pleasanter place to hearthat remarkable Edison RecordNumber (82536) thanThe Diamond Disc Shopat Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmos-phere of Old Greenwich Village has not beensacrificed on the altar of commercialismA postal will bring yon, with ourcompliments, an interesting littlePhone: Stuyvesant 4570 biography of Mr* Thai. A. Edison