The mask 1 8 October 1908 naau_1908-10_01 The mask 1 8 Untitled Image Illustration 1 SOME OPINIONS ABOUT THE MASK, ITS APPEARANCE, ITS ARTICLES AND ITS AIMS. 3-4 Untitled Image Illustration 3 DESIGN FOR PROLOGUE: TAMING OF THE SHREW. by GORDON CRAIG. Illustration 6 CONTENTS 7 SOME EVIL TENDENCIES OF THE MODERN THEATRE Gordon Craig cre 7-12 Untitled Image Illustration 7 Untitled Image Illustration 7 DESIGN FOR A MASK. E. THESLEFF. Illustration 12 REALISM AND THE ACTOR AGAIN. MR TREE, "THE STAGE" and "THE MASK" JOHN SEMAR cre 13 Untitled Image Illustration 13 THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF SHAKESPEARE'S GREEK PLAYS E. W. Godwin cre 14-16 Untitled Image Illustration 14 Untitled Image Illustration 16 THE THEATRE 17-18 Untitled Image Illustration 17 IN GERMANY, HOLLAND, RUSSIA &amp; ENGLAND. A Series of Letters from Gordon Craig. GORDON CRAIG cre 17-18 BOOK REVIEWS 18-19 Untitled Image Illustration 18 Tim PAPYRUS, MONTHLY. Michael 18-19 BOOKS, JOURNALS AND MAGAZINES 19 FOREIGN NOTES 19-21 Untitled Image Illustration 19 XXfe print below the replies received from 19 HOLLAND F. L. The Hague cre 19-20 WARSAW B. N cre 20 MUNICH THE REFORM STAGE Q. N cre 20-21 S TRA TFORD-ON-A 21 Untitled Image Illustration 21 EDITORIAL NOTES 22-24 Untitled Image Illustration 22 &amp; The 44 New York Dramatic Mirror " a 22-24 CRITICISMS CRITICISED. 24 | Tnder this Sheading we shall, each month, J. S cre 24 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 25 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 26 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 26 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 26 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 27 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 27 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 27 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 27 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 28 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 28 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 28 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 28 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 28 " A quite Remarkable Magazine... Rich in Intelligence "&amp; WESTMINSTER GAZETTE Aug. . 1908. Vol. I. N.° 8. OCTOBER 1008 THE MASKA MONTHLY JOURNAL OF THEART OF THE THEATRE EUROPEAN &amp; AMERICAN AGENTS. LONDON. D. J. RIDER 36 St Martin's Court. Charing Cross Road. W. C. ■&amp; &amp;BERLIN. SOX® GERMAN AGENT - SCHUSTER &amp; BUFEEB. Nollendoristiasse TP- AMSTERDAM, KIRBEROER &amp;KESPER. 134 Rokin. £&gt;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;BU DAP EST. NAGEE OTTO Museum-Korut, ■£&gt; £&gt; J0M O S C O U. "LA BALANCE " Office, Place du Theatre J? Sp &amp; JP j?PHILADELPHIA. U. S. A. "THE BUTTERFLY » Office. 1126 Walnut Street. jFLORENCE, s. BONGO S . TACOEO &amp; &amp; PRICE ONE SHILLING NET. MONTHLY NEXT MONTH: " REALISM &amp; THE ACTOR", byMiss Ellen Terry |NEW ADDRESS.The present offices not being sufficiently roomy to carry on the increasing workof the magazine, THE EDITORIAL &amp; PUBLISHING DEPARTMENTS ofTHE MASK will shortly be transferred to new premises. Pending thisremoval ALL COMMUNICATIONS should be addressed to the Advertisingoffice, 8 BOROO SAN JACOPO. AH Subscribers, Contributors and Agents are asked to make a note of this.THE MASK, 8, BORGO SAN JACOPO, FLORENCE 1 «,.,immw,m*m,Bm™^.mmm«UTO OUR READERS^The November number of The Mask will contain a contribution on Realism &amp; theActor by Miss Ellen Terry.A long and valuable article by Mr Martin Harvey will shortly be published.Mr Gordon Craig will continue his series of Letters on the Theatres of Europe "S/&gt;£C/i4I AfOr/C£ TO SSubscribers' copies for November will contain a special presentation print, (Lithograph).Of these only sufficient for Subscribers* copies will be printed, the original thenbeing destroyed. If you wish your series of The Mask to be perfect from thebeginning, and have not already subscribed you should do so AT ONCE. Nextweek may be too late to insure your obtaining a copy of this lithograph.&amp; SEND YOUR SUBSCRIPTION TODAY! &amp; &amp; FOR ADVERTISEMENTS ADDRESS TO " THE MASK" ADVERTISING OFFICE: 8 BORGO S. JACOPO&amp; FLORENCE &amp;IT A I Y OR TO THE LONDON., GERMAN, OR OTHER AGENTS „ LT _ 4 W THE JOURNAL OF THE ARTR'L U I? MM A L.J 1/ OF THE THEATRE.1 | ™ IWS ZA IV VOLUME ONE, No. EIGHTI I | 1 i * *.l 1.4J1V OCTOBER ipo 8. SOME EVILTENDENCIESOF THE MODERNTHEATRE. SOME EVILTENDENCIESOF THE MODERNTHEATRE. SOME EVILTENDENCIESOF THE MODERNTHEATRE. SOME EVILTENDENCIESOF THE MODERNTHEATRE. SOME EVILTENDENCIESOF THE MODERNTHEATRE. SHAKESPEARE'SGREEK PLAYS. SHAKESPEARE'SGREEK PLAYS. &amp; &amp; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED &amp;GERENTE RESPONSABILE, GINO DUCCI £? THE MASKJAMONG THE; WRITERS &amp; ARTISTS CONTRIBUTING TO " THE MASK » AREJOHN BALANCE -S&gt; ALEXANDER HEVESI JEAN JACQUES OLIVIERCARL BEHRENS H. von HOFMANNSTHAL WOLFE PLANKSRUPERT BROOKE &amp; JAN van HOLT jz&gt; j0 WILLEM ROYAARDSALLEN EDWARD HUTTON &amp; WILL ROTHENSTEINQUNNAR CASTREN jZf ANDREAS JYNQE -&lt;S&gt; OTTO RUNG sS&gt;GORDON CRAIG &amp; ELLEN KEY £&gt; RUDOLPH SCHMERZ £&gt;J. PAUL COOPER J0 JAN KLAASSEN MARTIN SHAW J0ISADORA DUNCAN 0 FRITZ LAPIDOTH £&gt; ELLEN TERRY 0A. FRIEDE N TH AL uS&gt; D. NEVILE LEES jSr E.THESLEFF 0 -S&gt;LOUIS FULEP jSf M. LYKIARDOPOULOS JAN C. d 6 VOS 0 0ADOLF FURST &amp; J0 HALDANE MACFALL PHILIP WAHLSTROMJULIUSZ GERMAN NEUWERTNOWACZYNSKI.fi&gt; H. WILSON. 0 0IVO HAUPTMANN C. NICHOLSON JZ&gt; JZ&gt; HELEN ZIMMERN JZf"THE MASK" HAS CORRESPONDENTS IN THE FOEEOWING CITIESAMSTERDAM .fi&gt; jS&gt; THE HAGUE JZf J0 jZJ JZf jZfBERLIN jZ&gt; j&amp; OHELSINGFORS JZf 0 SAN FRANCISCO jSBUDA P E S Tjo jZJ JZf LONDON STOCKHOLM jSCOPENHAGEN jZJ jZf MADRID j£&gt; jZ&gt; jZf VIENNA jZ/ jZJ jZfDRESDEN jZf JZf JZf MUNCHEN jZJ jZf £f WARSAW jZf jZf JZfDUBLIN JZf JZf JZf PARIS £f JZf WEIMAR JZfFLOR E N C E.fi&gt; -fi&gt; jZf PHILADELPHIA &amp;JZ&gt;SPECIAL NOTICE. JS&gt; JZ?A FEW COPIES OF THE EDITION DE LUXE ARE STILL UNSUBSCRIBED FOR ANDCOST L. 3. 5. o. FOR THE YEAR. jZf jZJ JZf jZJ j&amp; £f JZfvpapi v i England, 16 Shillings | Italy, 17 Lire, jciißcrDiDTinN ) Germany, 16 Marks i Russia 8 Roubles • POST FREEsutsswKiFiiwi | America, 4 Dollars | France 20 Francs. )'* 4 »-k. &lt;• &lt;•» '-•*»«». •.fflf-'i ,'i»f y&gt;» „ . »v-w -• «. 4' &gt;mi»ft * ■» rn &amp;I»» w* 4 ) .jv« »P( b |ftORDER FORMTo the Editor, (or) To Mr. BooksellerAddress Please put down my name as a subscriber to "The Mask" for one year, or six monthscommencing with the number, in payment of which subscription, including postage,I enclose the sum of Signed Address Printed for the Proprietor by jg. MorandL Tlpografla Bodonlana, Via Pint!, Florence, and published at The OfficeS, Borgo S. Jacopo. J£? &amp; SOME OPINIONSABOUT THE MASK,ITS APPEARANCE, ITSARTICLES AND ITS AIMS. j® SATURDAY REVIEW. 44 A new journal of whichthe second number has appeared, printed in a veryoriginal way, with woodcuts,.... and articles... on alltopics connected with the theatre. Such a journal, if itcould receive sufficient support, would have a distinct value of its own. "PAEE MAEE GAZETTE. 44 A new theatrical journal called The Mask, of whichthe first number has just appeared, seems worthy of a really hearty welcome. Thereis not a page in it which is not interesting and stimulating in a fine way, and manyare both ". &lt;&amp;r jgrThe same journal, referring to The Mask's championship of the Censor says,44 a writer who takes his side strongly deserves gratitude, whatever his view maybe; for it is only by Sincerity and Courage that the cause of Art can be usefullyserved.WESTMINSTER GAZETTE• " The Mask; a curious, interesting, revolutionarymagazine concerning the theatre. " 44 The Mask, by the way, is a quite remarkable,revolutionary magazine, which, unlike any purely theatrical magazine that I canrecollect, is rich in intelligence, eager discussion of theatrical affairs, treating dramaand the stage seriously as great matters of art, and striking fiercely against the ideathat a playhouse should be a mere place of entertainment. '' This 44 interestingmagazine is likely to have a great effect upon the drama of the future. There is notrace of somnolence in The Mask.MORNING POST. 44 Among the least expected editorial sallies are a protestagainst the stage treatment of religious subjects,.... 44 Salome " is not forgotten....and the assertion 44 the censor is not only a blessing, he is a necessity. " &amp; THE SPHERE• The Mask has now reached its fifth number. In the first placethe format is most engaging. It is a nice f01i0.... printed in a thick black type ona rough paper. It contains many delightful woodcuts by Mr Craig of his own andother's composition.... strange designs of beautiful simplicity which give new life tothe art of Bewick. As for the literary matter, it is a torrent of idt*as. " &amp;lAVERPOOI, COURIER• " The Mask is a new 44 monthly journal of the art ofthe theatre ", and if anything were required to prove how deeply the possibilitiesof the drama are now impressing some of the most eager and imperative minds inEurope, the contents and appearance of its first number would provide evidence andto spare in a manner of the utmost dignity it attempts to 44 bring before anintelligent public many ancient and modern aspects of the Theatre's art, which havebeen too long disregarded or forgotten ". We wish The Mask a longer life thanambitious periodicals of the kind are generally permitted to enjoy. " 44 The second number of The Mask has now reached us from its Florentine printingplace, and by the delicacy of its format, the pleasantness and dignity of its types, thecareful excellence with which its illustrations have been reproduced, the characterof the illustrations themselves, and the curious distinction and sincerity of its literarycontents, it seems to prove that the artistic centre of Europe has once again shiftedto Italy. " &amp;Mr HAEBANE MACFAIJ, in THE BAII,Y GRAPHIC. &amp; 44 For one among us who isinterested in the art of painting a dozen are beckoned to tine Theatre; yet, oddly enough, while painting has its several sumptuous magazines, the theatre has not oneworthy of it. From today we are to be rid of this unseemliness, for The Mask, fromits headquarters in Florence, makes its first appearance here and throughout Europe,to do for the Art of the Theatre what The Studio has essayed to do for the arts ofpainting and of sculpture and of the crafts allied thereto. It is to be the mouthpieceof a group of young men of distinction upon the Continent, whose work is devotedto the theatre and to all that the theatre means.... men without fanaticisms as tovague " reforms " of the theatre so much as urged by the aim of ridding the theatreof certain ugly defects and weaknesses. Undoubtedly its staff is a strong one... Theresults ought, to say the least of it, to be vastly interesting, for the personality ofthe man whose artistry influences its pages has already cast that influence over thetheatre of Germany and Italy and Russia particularly of Germany. "THM LADY'S PICTORIAL. " Not playgoers alone, but all who are interestedin the art of the theatre will welcome No. I of a characteristically unconventionalshilling magazine called The Mask, published in Florence.... In format, in type, incontents, The Mask is unique, and, despite a certain air of preciosity, it is notmerely clever, but gives utterance to some very sane views upon many phases of theart of the stage. " &amp; OXFORD CHRONICLE. " The Mask " a highly aesthetic production, withits blunt type on rough paper, its wide margins, its wood»cuts, initials, and tailpieces, and its artistic cover in green and black. " &amp; &amp; &amp;WHAT'S ON. " Edited, printed and published in Florence, the first number ofa new monthly Journal, The Mask, devoted to the art of the theatre, makes a welcomeaddition and sets a splendid example to the sordid mass of monthly literature alreadyin circulation.&amp; THE SUNDAY CALL, EASTON Pa. U. S. A. " Here is the finest magazine ofits kind in the w0r1d.... I commend The Mask to all those who think they see thedawn of a New Theatre in America. " &amp;&amp; MANCHESTER GUARDIAN. " The Mask continues to provide interesting,provocative, and debatable matter for those who care about the theatre. " &amp;Miss ELLEN TERRY writes. " What a splendid number of The Mask thislast is! " &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Mr EDWARD HUTTON writes. I think The Mask improves every time yousend it to me ,r„ &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; PUBLISHERS CIRCULAR. " The July number is the fifth of a new Artmagazine, entitled The Mask, which is printed in English in Italy and does greatcredit to the Tfpografia Bodoniana of E. Morandi of Florence. It is a bold foliopage,.... the pritnt has dignity, the get=up distinction, and the text, so far as we areable to judge, is worthy of its handsome setting. Somehow one gets the impressionthat to some extent The Mask exists to make known the aims and ideals of MrGordon Craig;.... that they are sane and sensible ideas is shown, we think, by hisanswers to the Editorial questions." (Realism and the Actor J?&amp; PARIS AMERICAN* " I have received a double number, that is to say, thenumbers for May and June bound in one, of a singularly clever magazine. It iscalled The Mask, is in its fifth month and is devoted to the Art of the Theatre. Amore artistic publication it is not possible to make. It is artistic in design, in paper,in letter-press, in color, in illustration, in its articles. Art peeps out of every pore.Pile the adjective artistic mountain high, in Its positive, comparative and superlativedegrees, upon every conceivable aspect of this magazine, and you will not be excessivenor will you break the back of any noun. Its thought is strong and fearless. It hasa staff of strong writers and clever " &amp;&amp;&amp;&lt;£?•&amp; DESIGN FOR PROLOGUE: TAMING OF THE SHREW. by GORDON CRAIG. CONTENTS AFTER THE PRACTISE THE THEORY &amp; SOME EVIL TENDENCIES OF THE MODERN THEATRE by GORDON UKAiu&amp;MR TREE, Tim STAGH &amp; Tim MASK by JOHN SEMAR THE ARCHITECTURE&amp; COSTUME OF SHAKESPEARES GREEK PLAYS by E. W. GODWIN 0 THE REFORMSTAGE AT MUNICH: A LETTER from GORDON CRAIG 0 BOOK REVIEWS 0 FOREIGNNOTES 0 EDITORIAL NOTES 0 ENGRAVINGS by GORDON CRAIG, J, OLIVER, CHARLESBORROW, E. THESLEFF &amp; OTHERS. 0 0 0 0 &amp; &amp; SOME EVIL TENDENCIES OF THEMODERN THEATRE by Gordon Craig. DESIGN FOR A MASK. E. THESLEFF. s I step before you to speak about the theatre do not mistakeme for a reformer. I beg of you do not do that. When Ibecome a reformer, that is to say, a surgeon and a physicianin one, I shall take Hamlet's advice and " reform it altogether",beginning with myself and ending with the lime-light man.&amp; But to be a reformer one must be in the position of areformer; that is to say, one must have at least half a dozenor a dozen theatres in different parts of the world so thatthe reforms spread evenly. Two small progressive theatresin Paris, London or Berlin are quite useless towards improvingthe state of things in the theatre.... its state as an art andan institution. Those who live in London or Berlin know very little what is passing in the two French theatres. Those who live in Paris and London haveseldom heard of the Berlin theatres. And those who live in Berlin and Paris hardly know thatany such theatres exist in England. &amp; And so it is that these gallant little theatres whichmake daily efforts to improve the state of things, bring about no marked nor lastingimprovement, because all their energy and occasional good deeds evaporate after a fewthousand people have left the theatre. And the Art of the Theatre still remains unknown.It would be quite another matter, (and 1 should be unable to write as 1 do), if any ofthese theatres had discovered kaws for the art of the theatre; for these theatres to beunknown, unheard of, would matter but little to the men who are busy all the timesearching for the truths which are the basis of all things. One of the evil tendenciesof the modern theatre is to forget this entirely.... to aim at being heard of for a few daysand months, to make an effect in front of a full audience for two or three hundredevenings, and there an end. To reform this.... would it not need the headlong strengthof some profoundly stupid giant? &amp; &amp;1 write, then, as an 0n100ker,.... not as a casual onlooker nor as an irritable one, butmore as one who takes a loving interest in watching the growth of plants in a beautifulgarden. The eye of such a man is instantly arrested by the weeds. Nothing seems sofoolish or so abominable to him as the weeds which absorb the goodness from the soil,robbing the other plants of that goodness and altogether spoiling the beauty of the garden;and it is the weeds, the evil tendencies of the modern theatre, that I am concerned with here.&amp; Bear in mind that when 1 speak of the theatre 1 do not allude especially to what iscalled the English theatre; nor do I mean that which they call the French theatre; 1 do not particularly mean what is called the German theatre, nor the Italian, Scandinavian norRussian theatres. All theatres of all lands are alike in all things except language, and,alas, the weeds so closely resemble each other that it is positively comic. &amp;&amp; 1 speak then of the Theatre as a whole, the Theatre of Europe and America, for I haveseen none other; though I believe, from what I hear, that the Eastern theatre abstainsfrom offences to the intelligence. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;The tendency of the western theatre is to disregard the vital principles of the art...To invent or borrow with haste so-called reforms which may attract the Public, notthose which are necessary to the health of the art.... To encourage piracy and imitationinstead of cultivating natural resource.... To take the keys of the place from their rightfulkeepers, the artists, and to hand them over to the " Business man " or anyone. &amp;&amp; I write, as I say, as an onlooker, but I have been for over fifteen years a worker inthe theatre. This 1 say for the benefit of those who may not know and who question myauthority for these statements. I have many times written that there is only one way to obtain unity in the art of thetheatre. I suppose it is unnecessary to explain why unity should be there as in othergreat arts; I suppose it offends no one to admit that unless unity reigns " chaos is comeagain; I suppose this is quite clear; » ? - I &amp; Very well then - So far, so good. And itshould not be difficult to make clear how this unity is to be obtained. 1 have attemptedthis in my book ** The Art of the Theatre ", and now 1 wish to make clear by whatprocess unity is lost.&amp; Let me make a list, (an incomplete one, but it will serve) of the different workers inthe theatre. When I have made this list I will tell you how many are head-cooks and howthey assist in the spoiling of the broth. First and foremost, there is the proprietor of the theatre. Secondly, there is thebusiness manager who rents the theatre. Thirdly, there is the stage director,.... sometimesthree or four of these. There are also three or four other business men. Then we cometo the chief actor and the chief actress. Then we have the actor and the actress who arenext to the chief; that is to say, who are ready to step into their places if required.^Thenthere are from twenty to sixty other actors and actresses. Besides this, there is a gentlemanwho designs scenes. Another who designs costumes. A third who devotes his time toarranging lights. A fourth who attends to the machinery; (generally the hardest workerin the theatre). And then we have from twenty to a hundred under-workers,.... scenepainters, costume makers, lime-light manipulators, dressers, scene-shifters, under machinistsextra ladies and gentlemen, cleaners, programme sellers,.... and there we have the bunch.Now look carefully at this list. We see seven heads and two very influential members.Seven directors instead of one, and nine opinions instead of one. JZ?&amp; Now then, it is impossible for a work of art ever to be produced where more thanone brain is permitted to direct; and if works of art are not seen in the theatre thisone reason is a sufficient one, though there are plenty more. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Do you wish to know why there are seven masters instead of one? It is because thereis no one man in the theatre who is a master in himself;.... that is to s*iy, there is no oneman capable of inventing and rehearsing a play: capable of designing, and superintendingthe construction of both scenery and costume: of writing any necessary music: of inventingsuch machinery as is needed and the lighting that is to be used.&amp; No manager of a theatre has made these things his study; and it is a disgrace to theWestern theatre that this statement can be made. You have but to ask any manager inLondon, Berlin or Paris whether he can invent that which is to be presented in his theatre.Or ask him whether he can invent and design the scenes which are to be shown on hisstage. Or ask him whether he knows anything about historic or imaginative costume; andwhether he knows a beautiful colour from an ugly one. Whether he can even combinelovely tones and colours together so as to form a whole, and whether he knows anythingof the hand, the wrist, the arm, the neck, and all the rest of the values of the body inmovement. Ask him whether he knows how much light is sufficient to fully illuminetwenty cubic feet, and how much will over light twenty cubic feet and so waste the light.Ask him if he knows the weight of wood and cloth, or If he can tell you how swiftly orhow slowly a stage floor is able to be raised or lowered. Ask him any of these things, and he will blandly tell you (with shame be it spoken) it is not his business. And thenthis remarkable master ol the art of the theatre will call up his co-workers, and, pointingto them, he wiSl say, 44 These are my assistants &amp; He is not speaking the truth. They are not his assistants, they are his masters. Theylead him with a hook in his nose like the great Leviathon which we see in pictures of theolder day pageants. He looks mighty terrible, but he is only made of emptiness coveredwith paste board. Is not this a fine master? Is not this a pretty way to obtain this sameunity, this one thing vital to the art?&amp; So then we have to turn to the six other masters, each of whom help towards the patch- work, and see if they will help us to a reasonable answer. The regisseur, or stage-manager,is under the delusion that in truth he is the one who is the artist,.... the inventor.... themaster.... but, poor fellow, he is nothing of the kind, for no one is the master: eachthrowing into the broth whatever ingredient he will. All are petty masters, each hinderingthe other. Many of the regisseurs or stage-managers are known to me. I have workedwith some; others I have spoken with; but all are under the delusion that 1 mention. Itis a kind of delusion of despair, for regisseurs are really very good workers and sparethemselves no pains when they are in the threatre. They should have spared no pains toprepare themselves for their task, before entering the theatre. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; As our questions to the director of the theatre met with such a lamentable reply, letus see whether the regisseur, or stage manager, will be able to give us a better answer.Let us ask him.... let us ask any regisseur in Europe or America.... if he can imagine andinvent that which is to be presented to the audience; that is to say, the piece, the play, theIdea, or whatever you may call it. Let us ask him whether he can design the scenes andcostumes for that piece, and whether he can superintend their construction.... that is tosay, whether he knows the secrets of line and colour and their manipulation. Let us askhim whether he can direct without the aid of experts the different workmen who areemployed on account of their utility, not on account of their imagination. &amp; And if thereis one such man in Europe or America who can reply 4 Yes ' to all these questions, he isthe man to whom the control of the stages of Europe and America should be offered; forsuch a man would be able to train others to acquire the same capacities as himself, forhe would know what was necessary. And when you have ten such men in Europe youhave a new theatre. But there are not ten as you will find out if you ask. I could nottell you the name of one.And so it is that unity, as I have said, is absent from the art of the theatre. &amp; &amp;&amp; Yet there are several brains in the theatre, who know that if they could find the secretwhich would produce this unity they would have discovered a very good thing indeed. InGermany there are a few such men searching in the top-most branches of the tree. But,as they do not think to search at the roots, their search leads them into strange acts. Theymean very well, but they act very queerly. They are red hot in the pursuit, but they runblindfold.&amp; The tendency of these men is to borrow. They borrow from every conceivable source.They borrow from the painters, they borrow from the architects, the even borrow fromtheir own fellows, any idea, so long as it is attractive; and so long as the idea has a plainenough base on which to build a little structure of sense, it is quickly transferred intothe theatre. &amp; What away for one who wishes to be called an artist to act I Clever artistsillustrating week after week In the comic papers of Germany find their ideas seized onand thrust upon the stage of the 44 Moderne " theatre. 44 Jugend " decorates Shakespeareand Bernard Shaw, and 44 Simplicissimus "is useful for Gorky and Wedekind. &amp; &amp;&amp; These things are experimental and rash innovations, dangerous alike to the art and tothe public. Hastiness characterizes all things in the theatre of today; hasty reforms, hastypreparation, hasty ideas as hastily carried out. The directors show an eagerness today tosecure the studio painters to design scenes for them. £&gt;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;How strange this is! Do they not see that they are inviting into their theatre thatwhich in time will turn and rend it asunder, adding a fresh wound to an already mutilatedcorpse.Do they not also see that to invite the studio painters into the theatre is an insult to those scene painters whose families have worked in the theatre for hundreds of years; and dothey not also see that the peculiar merit of the studio painter is of no avail inside a theatre,and that to engage a man who paints the side of a house would be a shrewder act on theirpart? &amp; One curious side of this question of the painter being invited to cooperate in thetheatre is that I am looked on as supporting the tendency, and, in fact, am pointed out asan example of the success which attends the movement, whereas I am against the wholething from beginning to end. &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;If the painter could bring any release for the art which lies so bound, firstly by convention,secondly by the unintelligence and incapacity of those who are supposed to be its masters (?),then their coming would be a welcome thing; but it is not release they bring; they bringone more fettor. It is not their fault to offer their service; if is our fault to accept it.We borrow, and we borrow and we borrow. We are already so much in debt that we arenearly in despair. And we are in such haste.... Why, this even makes the borrowing careless.The bad is copied as swiftly and as thoughtlessly as the good. Any picture, any design,provided it is flashy enough or eccentric enough, is seized on by these hasty and thoughtlessdirectors and regisseurs, squeezed, and its juice, bitter or sweet, extracted from it.Yet this hurrying and blundering is not so strange after all, and anyone who has lived ayear in a theatre can understand it. Day.... afternoon.... evening.... night, these gentlemenof the theatre are continually on the rush. (I am speaking of the " moderne " theatres;those which are supposed to be on the advance.) Rehearsing in the morning.,., seeingpeople in the midday.... studying parts.... looking at scenery.... play reading.... attendingreceptions.... an author to see.... a critic to entertain.... an artist to catch.... incessantquarrels to smooth over.... at least one new play to be brought out each month.... capital tofind.... building to superintend.... always one incessant hustle. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Where, then, is the time to stop and consider about the art of the thing? This may dovery well for an oil business or a large grocery; these things thrive by hustling: not soan Art. In this haste all thought of the principles or the beauty of the art is lost sight ofand all desire to produce beauty departs. &amp;After all, we must admit that beauty by the side of intrigue is but a poor sort of a thingto follow; and a sort of burlesque intrigue is the goddess of the theatre of today. Burlesqueintrigue, that is exactly the class of diplomacy in the theatre.... and how seriously these littleimitation diplomatists go about their work!It is very curious to read in De Goncourt's Memoirs of the impression the two brothersreceived when they wished to honour the theatre by bringing their work on to its stage.Edmond de Goncourt, a true courtier of distinction, surrounded by these burlesquediplomatists of the theatre.... what a picture he paints for us! How keenly we feel, whenreading the account of his different interviews with these gentlemen, how vulgar andcontemptable the situation must have been. It horrifies and disgusts me to think that for ever and for ever and for ever such men asDe Goncourt, De Musset, Victor Hugo, Dumas, Goethe, Browning, and all the great writersand all the men of truest distinction in the world should be put in such a humiliatingposition; and not only is it that which disgusts me, but it is shameful that it is ever thetheatre which should put these men in this position. &amp; Must the theatre continuallycry out that it contains none but the fifth rate men? Must the men of the theatre continuallyact when in the presence of other artists? And if they act, must they for ever continue toact ignominiously, so that the whole world cries out, " Behold an actor, and a damn badactor into the bargain!" The actor has lately been priding himself that he has raisedhimself from the old position when he was held as a vagabond and a thief. This is especiallythe case in England. Would to goodness that he had remained a vagabond and a thief,so that he had not lost his distinction; for to become a gentleman in name, but grow vulgarto the core, is to be many times worse than a vagabond and a thief.Let the theatre drop its stupid games of amateur diplomacy. When it does its work itselfthere will be no longer need for anything of the kind. When it drops this bad habit itwill have time to attend to the things which are of more importance and it will then have thespirit to look at things squarely. But now to return to the tendency to invite the painters and other artists to assist us inour work, and the haste which characterizes everything we do. &amp; &amp; &amp; These two tendencies have driven the best workers out of the theatre. Century aftercentury the artists of the theatre, despairing of ever seeing the stage awaken from its stateof drunken lethargy, depart from the theatre and go elsewhere. &amp; &amp; &amp;The result Is that today there are no more artists in the theatre. The heads of the theatreare always men with a certain amount of business capacity; we may; in fact, call thembusiness men. &amp;£?&amp;&amp;&amp;The business man employs one or two people who know what a tree looks like asdistinguished from a cat, and of course that is very useful. And so when the business manwants a tree his workman brings him 0ne.... How simple! When he wants a forest, Say, inthe " Midsummer Night's Dream ", his man brings him one. He does not paint 0ne,... of coursenot! That would be risky; risky and difficult. No, he has asked for a forest, and his manbrings him the real and original thing, tree by tree. "There you are, Mr Manager,there's your forest for you", and Mr Manager replies, "By Jingo, so it is! What amagnificent artist you are!" And then he runs out into the highways and byways/havingfirst put on his celuloid cuffs, and says to all his relations and customers; " Walk up,gentlemen! come and look at the scene which 1 have prepared for you! Have you ever seena scene like that? I flatter myself that nature can't do better...." And his customersgasp. They gasp at the innocence of the man. All they can politely say to him is "It isvery realistic!... " And so through this crass innocence, realism reigns in the theatre.... forthe people are ever polite. £/ &amp; jg?Not only does the manager demand a forest and is supplied with one, but he says to hisactors "Why don't you walk about and talk like ordinary beings? Be natural! Be natural!Be natural! " And he will applaud any little mistake like tripping over the carpet, orfalling off a chair, if it is an accident, and will say " Oh! Capital! Capital! that's mostnatural! put that in every evening". Anything to get a sense of chance there. &amp; Theidea of make-believe seems to him a preposterous idea when he can get the real thing. &amp;In England when he wants an army he sends one of his assistants to bring him half adozen men from the so and so regiment and puts them into the armour of the BaruschPeriod. He never thinks of training all his men to appear military as soldiers are. Hedoesn't reason in that way at all, but keeps on repeating, " What's the good of imitation whenyou Can get the real article?" &amp;And what is the g00d?... If you want the real article. Realism does want the realarticle, and art has nothing whatever to do with realism. There are people who hold thatrealism on the stage is not the bringing of real things in front of you. &amp; If it is not this,what is it? &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Let us try to state. Let us say that when we make a realistic production we aim to putinto a semi-real shape that which is already quite real. We aim to invest it withsomething life-like so that it appears to have a pulse in it, flesh and blood, and topossess other actual qualities. And now one turns to the real thing to find what wehave to copy. We gaze long at a face. We see it is not beautiful, that it is not strong,that it is not healthy, and that it is everything which art detests. We look closely at a tree.We see it is in decay, that the leaves are falling, that it is half a skeleton. We look carefullyat a building, we are struck by the quantity of bricks used and overcome by the thoughtof the labor and pain it must have cost to put all the bricks in the right place. And so wefind that to look closely at reality is to be terrified by what we see; and, if not terrified,saddened. &amp; How unreasonable it is to say that the artist exists to copy the defectsand blemishes of nature! How ridiculous to say that man is gifted with vision in order tochronicle faults! To say that faults are beautiful and defects are charming is a platitude.They may or may not be, but not in Art. Do they perhaps make a work of art moreinteresting? 1 think not. One may say only that they are a trifle comic and that Is all.And so in time realism produces and ends in the comic,.... realism is caricature. The theatre,with its realism, will end in the music hall, for realism cannot go upwards, but alwaystends downwards. Down it goes until we reach the depths And then, Aharchy!Ariel is destroyed and Caliban reigns. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;And 1 do not really believe there is very much to be done; not that 1 am at all a pessimistin regard to the Art, because 1 know well enough that this will emerge unaided in duetime; but there is not very much to be done at present by the people who are now in power for if they began " doing things " they would probably only make matters worse insteadof better. Affectation would be added to vulgarity. j® j® Gr j®Something may be done by the younger men, but not if they are under the influence oftheir eiders, because then you get an old young man. £? Something is being done in Englandat the miniature Court Theatre, but the influence of the author is too strong there.... anauthor who uses the theatre for purposes of reclame. £? Something is being done in theDeutches Theatre in Berlin, but the influence of Jugend and Simplicissimus and Businessmen is too strong there. Besides, that Theatre shows signs of the borrowing fever at adreadfully high temperature. Then there is also the little art Theatre in Moscow; full ofenergy, loving realism so well that they even turn realism itself into a joke. Thenthere is Lugng Poe's "L'Oevre" and Antoine's Theatre, the two solitary efforts of Paris;but how little is achieved can be gauged by the last production by Antoine's of "Julius Caesar".s® If all these little theatre were moving forward in the same direction, all of them havingone common idea and following one code of laws, then some little good might be expectedbecause they would all be in unison and in harmony; and the old-fashioned theatre withits plays and its scenery and its real actors would certainly be improved. 4® 4®To expect what ought to happen.... to expect the managers of these theatres to meet incouncil and to take an oath of allegiance to serve no other Muse but the Muse of their art,no longer to remain in bondage to the Muse of Literature or Painting, but to strike thefirst new note in honour of their own Goddess.... this ideal hope can only remain a dream,for man is vain and selfish; and besides, the Laws of the Art have not yet been inscribed.And it is because of this, because the Laws have not yet been inscribed, because neitherthe priests nor the worshippers know the Laws, that all action is useless at present, j®The Laws must be discovered and recorded. Not what each of us personally takes to bethe law, but what it actually is. j® We can come to no disappointment by finding out.If all of us fail to find the thing and one comes along who makes it clear, who will therebe to deny him? 4® The worst of it is that no one wants to find the law nowadays, but every- one wants to force his own ideas, trumpery or the reverse, upon the rest,... or to makemoney. A great vanity and a petty selfishness tie our tongues and our brains, 4® 4®What the art of the theatre, (or rather we must call it the work of the theatre at present)lacks, is form. It spreads, it wanders, it has no form. It is this which makes the differencebetween the work of the theatre and the fine arts. To say that it lacks form is to say thatit lacks beauty. In art, where there is no form there can be no beauty. 4® 4® j®How then can it obtain this form? Only by developing slowly under the laws. And these1aw5?...?... I have searched for them, and 1 believe lam finding some of them. j® 4® Not a Reformer. An Onlooker. The Theatreas a whole. The WesternTheatre. The need ofUnity . &amp; A list of workers SevenDirect 9 r s • Why there areso many. &amp; Not assistantsbut masters. The Regisseurs. The search fornni t y . The borrowingfever . &amp; The studiopainters. They bring norelease. A continual rush De Goncourt. Bettervagabondagethan vulgarity. Two Tendencies The businessman . &amp; &amp; W ha t hewants . &amp; Art and Realism Realism iscaricature. What is beingd on e . j® An oath ofallegiance. The lack ofF or m . j® REALISM AND THEACTOR AGAIN.MR TREE, "THE STAGE"and "THE MASK" JOHN SEMAR. " Hjphe Stage" has been at it again! The Stage has beentrying to get Mr Beerbohm Tree out of a difficulty intowhich he had never fallen. Mr Tree holds a certain opinionabout Realism and the Actor, and, he having stated thatopinion very clearly, The Stage like the old grandmother is wringing its hands over what it considers an indiscretion on the part of its grandson.The Stage is quite stupid this time. It actually misinterprets our questions " Do youconsider Realism and Acting to be a frank representation of human nature?" and" Should the Actor be allowed the same liberty in the expression of the passions as ispermitted to the writer and the painter?" It says that these two questions mean 44 Do youapprove of nude exhibitions on the Stage?". , &amp;The Stage accuses The Mask of being an eccentric journal, but if this is not sheer madnesson their part, we should be unable to say what modern English madness is to-day. In ourlast but one number it is made quite obvious to any right thinking person that realism isabominable, on the Stage, and that to be entirely realistic, even though you are governedby Art, is to be entirely what is called 4 improper'.We only speak about the external part of the realistic exhibitions which those in favor ofrealism advocate, because the external part of it is the first part to be considered. Wecome later on to the internal and more subtle things; but if realism will not stand thefirst test which is brought to it, how mudh less will it stand the later tests? If The Stageis shocked at the idea of a nude Adam in the theatre, then surely it should also be shockedat the idea of the naked thoughts of an Adam, and yet it is not shocked at this: because wehave no doubt the writer reads his Bible and his Milton every day (i). &amp; &amp;When these questions were received by the different gentlemen who were courteous enoughto answer them, they, no doubt, said to themselves, " Let us see what realistic representationon the Stage would entail, no matter what the subject should be ". (You probably recollect,Mr Stage, that all subjects are open to the poet and the painter). Then they would probablyrun through in their minds the different subjects taken both by the poet and the painter. Nowwe ask The Stage to call to mind those subjects which are most favored by poets and bypainters. Prom time immemorial they have been the subjects which we mentioned and whichseem to amaze The Stage as something new. Why, surely it is quite a well-known andancient fact that the stories of Perseus, &amp; Andromeda, of the Annunciation, of Judith andHolofernes, &amp; of The Fall, have been the very first subjects chosen by all painters and poetssince they first began to paint and write? Now we were perfectly certain when we startedthis enquiry that these subjects should Not be put upon the stage, not because it is immoralto represent them, but because it would be ridiculous to attempt such a thing and therefore,knowing how much the opinion of well-known men influences the public mind, we thoughtwe would ask those best entitled to speak on the subject their opinion.The Stage says that the question of nude representations upon the Stage was never putbefore these gentlemen; but bless your heart, dear Stage, who ever said it was? Butyou cannot deny, try how you may, that the subjects where liberty is allowed the writerand the painter are the very subjects where the question of nudity does come in. K weare wrong you must prove your point, but you keep on proving it back-wards at present.We should say that the best thing is to say nothing more about it, and it will be swiftlyforgotten.... And, by the way, would it be possible for you to stop flattering us by callingus 'eccentric'? We pray you we implore you don't throw us into the briar bush! A misinter- pretationt. The externalpart. &amp; A well-known&amp; ancient fact. (I) We hope so, at any rate! Next month we shall publish the opinion of MISS EEEEN TERRY on the subjectof Realism and the Actor. Ed. THE ARCHITECTUREAND COSTUME OFSHAKESPEARE'S GREEKPLAYS by E. W. Godwin. *Y*he two plays which I bracketed together in my introductorynotes on the Greek plays a belonging in their action tothe palmy days of classic art were Winter's Tale and Timonof Athens (B. C. 430-497). That there is as considerabledifference in the classical character of these two works onemust at once admit. That the classic element in the Winter'sTale is overlapped by English medievalism to an extentwhich is at times startling cannot be questioned by anyoneafter reading the fourth Act. That quite apart from theintroduction of sixteenth-century English country life thereare strange anachronisms respecting places and people mustbe conceded. As, for example, the introduction of the Oracleof Delphi as an integral part of the plot, the mention of theEmperor of Russia as Hermione's father, the presence of JulioRomano in Sicily as a painter of sculpture, and the existenceof a country with a sea-coast called, Bohemia, and ruled overby a king called Polixenes. Nevertheless, I am not by anymeans prepared to say with some readers of this play, thatit is a comedy quite removed from the sphere of reality. TheItalian painter and the Emperor of Russia slip into the textalmost unobserved, and but for the picture of the Englishvillage festival, together with one or two slight references tocostume, we should have a play almost wholly free fromanachronism. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; The important part in the plot played by thePhythia, or priestess, at Delphos recalls a time anterior to 371 B. C., when the oracle was popular; the names of the dramatis persoiisoare Greek down to the names of the shepherdesses and pedlar, and the state of society,divided as it is between two classes—the aristocrat and the labourer—might take us backeven to the heroic age. Then for " Bohemia" I would venture to read Boeotia, and so getrid of the geographical difficulty. Finally, as to the English character of the fourth Act,we may bear in mind that a shepherd's life was very much the same in the heroic age asit was in the Elizabethan or any other age; and that the Boeotian poet Hesiod, in the\" Works and Days," gives us pictures of a simple country life very little different from thosegiven us by the English poet in the Winter's Tale. We have, therefore, to choose somedate before 371 B. C. for the period of the action. I say 371 B. C., because after this timethe Delphic oracle had so far lost its hold upon the public faith, and its old towering influencehad been so much reduced by the exhibition of manifest favouritism, that it would hardlyhave attracted a colony so far removed as Sicily. Nor, on the other hand, must we ventureto go too far back, for fear we reach an art period wherein the extremely realistic paintedstatue as we have it suggested in the play would have been impossible—impossible to thefirst or Archaic period as a matter of course, impossible to the second or Ideal period(464-433 B. C.) as a matter of art, which artists at least can readily understand. It is tothe beginning of the naturalistic, or third and last, period of Greek art (430-407) that I wouldrefer the action of the Winter's Tale; and thus it comes to be bracketed with Timon of Athens,which is really a Greek history, Timon, the misanthrope, and Alcibialdes, the general of theAthenian forces, being prominent names in Athenian history from 422-404 B. C. &amp;&amp; &amp; The architectural scenery in the Winter's Tale is Sicilian, and includes. i. A street scene (before the palace).I 2. A room in the palace of Leontes.&lt; 3. The outer room of a prison.4. A court of Justice.5. A room in Paulina's house.&lt;o&gt; The palace of Polixenes appears once only in the short opening scene of the fourth Act,hut this scene might just as well be a country road or a garden as a palace. The five Scenesabove enumerated may be reduced to four without doing the slightest violence to the text,and without incurring any archaeological improbability, by uniting Nos. 3 and 4, so makingthe court of justice serve for the second Act. Nor would it be very difficult with carefulattention to the planning and setting of the scene to reduce the list still further by unitingNo. 2 with 3 and 4. Now, although the period of the action belongs to the naturalistic, orclast style of Greek art, it is necessary to remember that a Classic city, as a rule, was nonecessarily built in one style, any more than a Gothic town was. That just as London andYork, Coventry or Bristol in A. D. 1430 exhibited buildings of a variety of dates up to thpurest work of the thirteenth century, and beyond that to at least the middle of the twelfthentury, so in Agrigentum for a century and a half, and in Leontini and Syracuse for threeenturief, the builders' hands had been busy before Polixenes came on his unfortunate visitto Leontes. set &amp;But whatever variety existed in the proportions of column and entablature, whateverchanges and refinements were developed under the indubitable art-culture of the Sicilians,Doric was the prevailing character of the architecture. On public buildings like the templesand palaces, colour, gold and varnish, were lavishly used outside as well as inside when thework was of porous stone and stuccoed, but they were perhaps applied in less quantity whenthe work was of marble. M. Hittorff, who, in 1823-4 travelled in Sicily in company with theGerman architects Zanth and Stier, tells us that the body of the walls were painted a palegolden yellow, the triglyphs and mutules blue, the metopes and tympanum red, and on someparts were traces of green, all used in various degrees of intensity. Other antiquaries tellus that " the white marble never remained naked," and that even the portions intended tobe white received a transparent coating, that the blue used was of a grey opaque character,that the red was transparent, and that the green was very delicate although bright. The streetswere narrow, and were paved with irregular polygons of stone, and every building was not exactlya repetition of a peristylar temple. Indeed the majority of houses appear from Aristophanesto have been very deficient in their internal arrangement, and to have been built on verylimited plots of ground. There seem to have been no sanitary provisions of any kind, and thepoultry lived, Irish-fashion, in the room where the beautiful Myrrhina carded her wool orplied her distaff. The roofs of many of the houses were flat, and thither the women retired,some to indulge in wine, some to mourn for Adonis (i). The Nestorian house, illustrated inLayard's " Nineveh," may be taken as giving a fair idea of the general appearance of thecommon class of Greek tenements. But, again, a Greek town was not made up wholly ofthe lower class of dwellings any more than it was of temples or palaces. In theThesmophoriazusae and Ecclesiazusae we meet with residences of more than one storey where,too, the women of the house have a distinct suite of rooms to themselves, where some ofthe upper windows look into the street, and where bay trees and statues shade the entrances.Still with the extension of plan and increase of means here indicated there was scarcely anyaddition to the walls in the shape of architectural detail. Nor did the ordinarydomestic building of Greece partake of anything like what we understand by the wordsarchitectural style until a hundred years after the time now under our consideration.The difference between the houses of the lower and the upper classes was one dependingchiefly on size, solidity, and paint. The palace of Leontes towards the street might berepresented as a massive stuccoed wall of two storeys covered with painted decorations andpictures, pierced above by plain square windows with folding shutters, and below by a wideand lofty doorway set in a frame of Doric antee entablature and triple step-raised threshold.The doors themselves should be folding, with framework of plates of bronze studded withgold, two large golden rings used as knockers, and numerous square panels filled with ivorybas reliefs, painted and gilded, and backed by bronze or wood. Before the antse might be placed marble statues (i) of Apollo and Hermes, and before these, and by the side of them,the bay and the laurel, with marble seats beneath them, extended avenue-like to the lineof the street.&amp; The interior or room of the palace might be either the aoXri or peristyle, the open partcovered with a linen velarium, or a hall arranged on a theatre-like plan. Such an additionto a royal palace might be unusual, although not impossible, for the half circle was a formof ground plan by no means limited to the uses of the drama. But whichever plan may beselected, there must be no lack of imagery portrayed upon the walls round about—ambercolour and ivory, bright red and gold, grey blues and silver, tender green and bronze mayall be there. There too we may have curtains of the rich Tyrian purple, covered withembroidery in gold, white and red. The wall paintings might be arranged in two or threerows, the lowermost level being some four or five feet from the floor, The subjects wouldbe taken from the stories of gods and heroes—Aphrodite's envy of Psyche, or the laboursof Hercules; how Jason won the guarded fleece of gold, or how Theseus escaped the labyrinth—whilst some rooms would be wholly given up to the story of the siege of Troy or thewanderings of Odysseus. But unfortunately such scenery as that of the kind here suggestedis practically impossible in this generation. We may have artists equal to save the workfrom being ridiculous, but no manager would be mad enough to pay for it, while actors andactresses work from low motives, are sand-blind to art, and therefore utterly incompetentto act in the poetical drama.&amp; Paulina's house would of course be very Inferior to the royal palace, and yet we mustremember that the text indicates a place of refinement, a house where art was honoured,where sculpture was at home, and where the latest and best work was enshrined god-likewithin a tabenacle, tent, curtain, or velum. These curtains were movable in three ways,drawn aside, by beyng either by being lowered to the floor, or by being raised to the ceiling.They were either of fine wool or thick linen, and some were sumptuous in wealth of lovelycolour and woven figure. An open or half open gallery or corridor, the roof resting on squaredposts of timber or masses of stuccoed masonry, statues on cylindrical pedestals, a wall witha painted band or two of ornament, a recess for Hermione, and a general amberish tone ofcolour over all are the chief ingredients for this scene. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;The costume for the Winter's Tale would be so much like that for Timon of Athens,that I defer its consideration until we have gone through the scenery of the latter. Strangeanachronisms A time anteriorto 371 B. C. The Delphic.Oracle. The architectu- ral scenery. &amp;Do r i cArc hitecture. Aristophanes. A Greek town♦ The palaceof Leontes The interior. Paulina's House (l)Lyslstrata. See also Ezeklei, chap. 8. (1) Statues in the open air had {ivjviaxoi or metal disks above the head to protect them from falling matter. THE THEATRE IN GERMANY, HOLLAND, RUSSIA &amp;ENGLAND. A Series of Letters fromGordon Craig. GORDON CRAIG. ?y| y dear Semar.On leaving Florence you asked me to sendyou some news of the theatres that I shouldsee in Germany, England, Holland and Russia,and 1 had no sooner arrived at Munich than1 wanted to send you news enough to fillthree of The Mask. &amp;On getting as far as Amsterdam, 1 wanted tosend you more news, and now that I am inEngland, 1 see that it is absolutely necessaryto delay no longer. &amp;To write to you about the Art of the Theatre1 don't intend, because the art of the theatrepositively does not exist, but one can writeabout the activity and inactivity of thetheatre, and if you ask me where the theatreis most active, I reply it is in Germany. TheGerman activity is not only impulsive butsystematic, and this combination is going tobring the German theatre in twenty years tothe foremost position in Europe. 1 judgeby what 1 see and not by what I hear, andthis is what 1 have seen in Munich.1 have seen Princes lending their name andgiving their money to the furtherance of thetheatre. I have seen a new building whichhas been erected in Munich by the architect,Professor Littmann. 1 have been over thistheatre, and 1 can assure you that it is firstclass, that it is not a foolish affair withseveral balconies one over the other, withunnecessary gilt or marble columns, withunnecessary draperies of plush or silk, orwith some vast chandelier, or with the ordinaryorchestra boxes and the ordinary stage. It isquite out of the ordinary in every way, andyet you see Princes support it, withoutcalling it eccentric, and, what is more, thepeople support it. I myself tried to obtaina seat for the evening's performance, andalthough it was at the end of the season, itwas impossible to do so. Through the courtesyof Professor Littmann I was able to go on tothe stage, during the day, and into theauditorium, and 1 was shown the scenic devices and those for lighting. &amp;They were unlike others that I have seen.The question is not whether they were goodor whether they were bad, the only thingthat 1 shall draw your attention to at allis, that although they are entirely new,entirely original, they are receivingsupport, and not a sort of timid support, but the whole hearty support of the city ofMunich; then 1 arrive in England to find notone city giving any support from its heart toany original idea which may be in the headsof the younger generation in England, andthis is nothing short of disgraceful. In Englandwe have, 1 suppose, as much intelligence, asmuch taste, and perhaps as much genius asin other lands. Beauty? my dear Semar, thebeauty of England is extraordinary, the beautyof its people is amazing, but its energy seems a little bit at rest. &amp;1 fully believe that all the artists are playinggolf, or shooting pheasants. 1 can imaginethat they say to themselves they wouldrather be in the open air than sitting in aroom to be insulted by a lot of rich titleddormice, to whom it has never occurred thatthere is something better than sleeping.Before I left England, I thought it was thefault of the Actor-Managers and the men inthe theatre. The former seemed to me a mostwicked people; but the Actor-Managers arenot entirely to blame. It is the country thatis to blame, it is the rich gentlemen of Englandwho are to blame. What right have I forsaying this? Why, my stay in Germanyof about four years, my visit to Russia andto Holland, and then on the top of it this laststay of two days in Munich. One sees andrealises these things in a flash; one waits,looks, enquires, wonders, and suddenly itbecomes quite clear; and unless the gentlemenof England wake up, putting aside the coatof the snob, assuming the coat of the gentle- man, the theatre will not revive; until theday when the English gentleman finds he haslost all his money, that it has been taken bya foreign nation, and in despair he looksround for some one who can help him. Thenhe will look to the artists and the workers.1 am not a Socialist. 1 love the idea of theswagger Lords of England; but it no longercontains swaggering Lords with their swag- gering ways; they are all somnambulists; white- faced, white-bearded; they creep up and downthe towns from Dover to Carlisle, mutteringto themselves, " Thank God! Father left mewell off. Now I shall have no more worry! "But they certainly will have a great dealmore worry, and it seems to me, in awaythey don't expect. No I lam not a Socialist,my dear Semar,.... not yet!Now a word or two more about the Munichtheatre,... though in the Munchener KuntslerTheatre (which means the Artist's Theatreof Munich) to a certain section of Englishartists, perhaps the best section, there issomething alarming, something incidentallyof what they would calf an Art-y theatre,Art with a capital *A\ But do you know Artis now allowed to have a capital 4A' as well asany other work? I have seen War with acapital 'W' and what is against Art with acapital *A'? &amp; &amp; &amp;I cannot tell you all the plays that theyproduce, but it is sufficient to speak hereof " Faust ", which they commence at six o'clock in the evening in order thatthey should not be obliged to cut it; of the44Das Wundertheater", the play which possiblymany people have not heard of, by that little- known writer, Cervantes. Of the 44 DieDeutschen Kleinstadter ", of 4 Twelfth Night';besides these, of the44 May Queen also of the"Little dance Legend", "Herr Peter Squenz",and other interesting works. (1 believe TheStudio speaks of "As you like it " but I thinkthey mean 4 Twelfth Night '). jpThese productions are the work of the artistsand the actors, but they are not unknownactors, or actors who call themselves inde- pendent. They are the actors of the RoyalTheater, that is to say, they are what is calledconventional actors. 1 wonder if there werefound a man generous enough to build anArt theatre in England, whether the chieftheatres would lend their actors? TheOrchestra in the little Munich theatre is notmerely a scratch one, it is the MunichPhilharmonic Orchestra. &amp; &amp;Now from such a beginning, from such acombination of actors, musicians, and design- ers, (not to speak of the Stage-Managers,who are the best that can be obtained,) muchis to be expected. From such a combinationIn England, we could expect as much. Al- though 1 was unable to see the performance,1 know that it must have been very excellent,and very excellent because very thorough.1 did see the Stage, and of that t will tellyou something.&amp; It was very small, but vfery complete.Nothing seemed to have been left to chance.Ropes, Scenery, Lights, seemed to be all out ofthe way; everything seemed to have been, asit were, put into the cupboard. The Sceneswhich were in use were all hung up, but1 cannot describe how they were hungup, how well done, how cleverly done. TheScene was set tor the evening, chairs andtables covered. The Scenery, although ithad been in use for several months, showedno sign of wear whatever; even the cornerswhere two pieces meet together seemedto be as fresh as the day they were made.Everything seemed so good, so well nursed.1 was enchanted by what 1 saw, it said thisone thing so clearly to me; it said 44 We"Germans are not prepared to say whether44 the performance will be artistic or not; we44 are not prepared to say whether a genius is44 comfng into the theatre or a fool; but we are44 determined that whether it is a fool or a44 genius, he shall find everything in perfect44 order and he shall have nothing to complain44 of as to our arrangements. Unless we give44 him a good machine (not necessarily an44elaborate machine) the work will not have a44fair chance". &amp; &amp; J&amp;It would be something to find out the waythe Germans set about such a task; it wouldbe very interesting to note whether it is aCommittee which produces all this system,or whether it is the national training, orwhether It is dependant upon a man's per- sonality. I think it must be the nationaltraining. " Right-about Turn I Quick March 1Eyes Right!" Something of this. The ap- pliances on the Stage of the Theatre seemedto me to have come from all parts of theearth, for this is the German characteristic,...to refuse nothing if he thinks it will be of use.1 have not told you of the building itself. Itis beautiful in appearance; it would take toolong to describe its charms, but here againits beauty is of secondary importance, whatis paramount being its practicalness and itsusefulness. You enter the building andstraight in front of you is the Box Office. Oneach side are steps leading to your seats, thewords indicating the direction you are totake being made part of the decoration, not,as in England, a sort of label on the wall.There is much more to be said and I willwrite you again about this and other theatres,and let us hope that soon some united actionwill be taken in England in this matter ofa new theatre. First, that the Englishgentleman shall understand the part that heis to play; then that the organiser too shalllearn what part he is to play; then, finally,that the artist may be called upon to fill thebeautifuland systematic theatre with beautifulthings. P.S. By-the-bye, in going through the stage- door of the theatre 1 saw there the followingwords, 44 Sprechen Streng Verboten ", whichmeans 44 Speaking Strictly Forbidden ". Thefirst moment 1 thought 1 was in Heaven. 1thought 4At last they have discovered theArt of the Theatre ". But no, they have notgot so far with the Art.... Queer!... but theclue is in that very Sprechen streng verboten. BOOK REVIEWS Tim PAPYRUS, MONTHLY. MichaelMonohan, New Jersey, U. S. A. &amp; &amp; \\7e have received two copies of The" Papyrus, a Magazine of Individualityedited by Michael Monohan. These twonumbers are very full of things about Mr OscarWilde and include translations from Andr£Gides book and from other writers who havepreserved for us the faint suggestion of someof the good things felt and said by Wilde.For instance, it must surely interestreaders of The Mask to remember that Wildedid not think well of his plays 44 My playsare not great ", said he;441 think nothing ofthem;... but if you only knew how amusing they are.... incidentally most of them are theresult of bets." &amp; &amp; &amp;How delightful this is! Here we have Wildedoing, merely for a bet, what other Englishplaywrights cannot do even from a sense ofduty \Although we like the article by the Editor onOscar Wilde's repentance, for ourselves wecannot somehow look upon Wilde in at allthe sane way. What is there so special aboutwhat is called his 44 repentance," or hissorrow, or his sin or his punishment ascompared with that of other men of equalgreatness? The sins of the world areextremely broad cast, and the punishmentseldom, thank Heaven, reaches the sinful one.Alas, on the contrary, how often the blowdashes out the brains of some unfortunate!Repentance is very seldom seen,... again thankHeaven for it; and sorrow!... who has everseen sorrow? Surely that pain worthy of thename is too great to show itself and toobeautiful ever to be described? It so oftendegenerates into the maudlin, and that is whatthe writers upon Wilde are apt to do. So, frombeing painted as the most outrageousvillain of 1895, the picture is now beingtouched up to the other extreme and nearlyevery other word written about him is sorrow,repentance, morality, crucified, anguish,charitable,... all these suggesting far too muchthe martyr, which seems foolish towards thepeople and really for the first time crueltowards Wilde. Of course it is only the natural result of thestupidity which did not know how to dealwith his case. But it is this very stupiditywhich is the culpret and which we yet cannotdare to treat as the culpret but which we areobliged to look upon as the patient; thisstupidity which caused the English nation tooppress Wilde until, as they now see, he isbecoming a veritable hero; whereas Wilde wasnot a hero at all, but merely a very remarkableintelligence and a man whom some considereda great artist, with, we suppose, a good fatherand a good mother and all the advantages oflife and a sincere admiration for QueenVictoria. &amp;And since we are on the subject of Wilde letus add here rather a good anecdote which wehave not come across in print although it mayhave been told many times. Wilde was rehearsing one of his plays. Hewas trying to persuade an unwilling actor todo a certain thing in a certain way and theactor would always do another thing inanother way. At last the actor lost histemper and in desperation cried out, 44 Look" here, Mr Wilde, you know you can lead a44 horse to the brook, don't you know, but44 you can't make him drink ".44 No ", repliedWilde, 44 No, but you can make him44 pretend to! " The Papyrus also contains an excellentattack upon Dr George M. Gould, who getsmore pummelling in three pages than he hasprobably ever received in his life. It will be remembered that Mr Gould was the friend ofLafcadio Hearn and attacked him both as manand as artist after he had died. &amp; &amp;We shall read The Papytus with interesteach month, and this is more than we cansay of most of the American magazines whichreach us. BOOKS, JOURNALS AND MAGAZINESRECEIVED &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; 44 The Training of The Imagination, by JamesRhoades John Lane. London &amp; New York. „IINuovo Giornale 11 lust rat o Florence. &amp; 44 TheBook News Monthly " Philadelphia, Pa. U. S. A 44 What's On London. &amp;44 Le TGmoin Paris. 44 La Balance Moscow. " Paris AmericanParis. 44 The Fra East Aurora. New York. &amp;44 The Bibelot Portland, Maine U. S. A. 44 ThePapyrus ", East Orange., New Jersey U. S. A. &amp;44 Current Literature " New York. u The Studio ",London. 44 The New York Dramatic Mirror ",New York. &amp;44 Rivista di Roma ", Rome. 44 Argus ",Helsingfors. 44 Die Schaubuhne ", Berlin. "II Teatro Illustrato 99 Milan. &amp; &amp; &amp; FOREIGN NOTES XXfe print below the replies received from* Holland and Warsaw to the followingquestions:1. Does the work in the Theatres in yourcity show hasty conception and carelessperformance, or careful thought and slowand painstaking execution?2. Is the Public contented with whatit receives in the Theatres, or, if there arethree or four sections of the Public, are theydivided on this point? HOLLAND F. L. The Hague. Hphe Hague has not one theatrical company* of its own. Until the end of the seasonwe had the Residentietoneelgeselschap, butneither the energy and great capacity of MrBrondgeest, its leader and chief actor, northe youthful talent of Miss Alice Plato anda few others were able to overcome theindifference of our public. The Company gaveits performances in a big hall which was neverbuilt for such a purpose, and where thehearing is bad and the seats uncomfortable.This may be one of the reasons of MrBrondgeest's want of success.Other companies from Amsterdam andRotterdam give performances at the Hague,but as all are obliged to travel from town totown with a very large and varied repertoire,performances are not as a rule prepared ascarefully as would be possible under lesstrying circumstances.In the only theatrical building we have performances are given by the Royal Opera(French) twice a week and every other Sunday.In a large hall, (The Het Gebouw), not howeverbetter fitted for theatrical performances thanthat of the Zoo, several Dutch and foreigncompanies also act. Their financial success ison the whole very doubtful: only operettasin Dutch translations or in German are alwaysapplauded.The general public goes to the Royal Theatreand most of the playgoers content themselveswith the performances given by the royalcompany from Amsterdam. Artists andauthors, however,... in fact the greater partof the more literary and artistic public, donot generally seek artistic enjoyment there.Most critics are rather severe about the RoyalCompany, which is the only one subsidizedby Her Majesty the Queen. The Governmentdoes not subsidize any theatre.From time to time a few young artists andamateurs, desirous of bringing Art on to thestage, endeavour to please connoisseurs underthe lead of one or two well known actors.But connoisseurs are few, and as the greatmajority of the public only pays attention tothem so long as the enterprise may beconsidered as new and more or less a topicof the day, they do not usually win more thana passing success. Business men are verysceptical about these generous attempts toreform the Dutch stage! Notwithstandingthat scepticism, next season two of thesecompanies will begin anew to struggle forArt,... and for life! &amp; &amp; &amp;As a general rule I may say that all companiesare apt to study Dutch plays somewhat betterand with more care than foreign ones. Notone of them comes up to the mark inShakespeare or in German classics. We havesome good individual actors for that kind ofwork, but as yet not one good "ensemble".As to your second question, 1 regret to saythat the public at large do not manifest anyenthusiasm for the stage in this country, andtherefore do not consider theatrical mattersto be of enough importance to occupythemselves about them in any other waythan by going to the theatres, 0r.... stayingat home. A very few actors and actressesare popular, but if they leave a companybecause they are not engaged for the nextseason people suffer them to go withoutfinding fault with the managers who deprivethem of the opportunity of witnessing these artists. &amp; WARSAW B. N. Theatre in Warsaw for many years hasexisted under conditions which renderimpossible any development or any carefuland conscientious work. &amp; &amp;Being administered by Russian magistrateswho do not understand the Polish language,and who not only ruin the Theatre financiallybut also lower it artistically, having the rightof decision in the choice of the pieces to beplayed and in the alotment of the roles, the theatre in Warsaw has fallen very iow. Noris there any regisseur capable of raising it.The theatre has excellent actors, but theadministration systematically discouragesthem, their salaries at times not being paid for months. &amp; &amp; &amp;So it is that the Warsaw Theatre, onceone of the best in Europe, has ceased tointerest the public, whose artistic aspirationshave been crushed by recent political events.Warsaw has long been awaiting a radical change in this state of affairs. MUNICHTHE REFORM STAGE Q. N. npfoe Germans, ever energetic, ever splendidly* patriotic, entirely in earnest, ....and, oh theimportance of it!... are nowhere more inearnest, nowhere more patriotic or energeticthan in Munchen. &amp; &amp; &amp;Whether they turn their attention toarchitecture, painting, furniture, journalismor the theatre they bring to their studies thesame determined attitude. Their newmuseums, bridges, decorations, illustratedpapers, are all alive. Englishmen who haveread The Studio know this. The Studio,ever at the disposal of the energetic suppliersof articles sent from Germany, prints againand again illustrated papers showing andtelling of all the activity of the Munichartists.Take up The Studio of the last five or sixyears and you will find many hundreds ofphotographs showing the German idea of whatan Exhibition should be, of what a bridge,museum, shop, theatre, table or chairshould look like. Especially famous are theMunchen artists for their arrangement ofexhibitions. They do not merely open a fewrooms and hang up a quantity of pictures.They build a temporary but beautiful palacefor the works of art, and each picture orstatue has its special setting; they allowplenty of room for each design, and everythingis done with thought. &amp; &amp;This year this energetic attention has beendevoted to the Theatre; and the Studio hasput itself at the disposal of a German writerwho tells us what the Theatre is and betraysat the same time what it is not. Thus wehave the following report: &amp; &amp;A masterly achievement, and one which isto have a far=reaching effect, isthe building which bears the title " MiinchenerKiinstler-Theater." The designer of this" artist^tlieatrey" Prof* Max hadalready had more than one opportunity ofshowing the way to new ideas and methodsin theatre construction, from both thepractical and artistic points of view. It maybe sufficient to mention here the PrinceRegent Theatre in Munich, built on theamphitheatre system, and the new CourtTheatre at Weimar; and now this new theatrein the Exhibition Park exists as the result ofa self-sacrificing resolution to provide a place where the movement for the reform of thestage may find expression. &amp;The aim of this reform movement, it may besaid, is to bring about a decided change fromthe naturalistic system of representing local" colour " on the stage, with its accompani- ment of mechanical apparatus and decorativedevices of various kinds, all utterly lackingin artistic effect, and calculated only to deludethe spectator. Instead of that close imitationof houses and streets, of rocks and woods,constructed of plaster and canvas, which hasformed the customary stage-setting, thescenery in this " Kiinstler-Theater," by beingrestricted to the most essential andcharacteristic elements, partakes more of thenature of suggestion than representation.All the details of the setting are of coursederived from nature, but they are so simplifiedand refined in accordance with certain purelydramatic ideas that instead of a mere crudeimitation of nature a poetic symbolism isintroduced. In this way the scenery, whichoften enough is so obtrusive as to divert theattention of the spectators from the dramaticproceedings, is kept in the background, andinterest can thus be concentrated on the ptayitself. &amp; &amp;This idea is by no means a new one. Evena century ago Goethe and Schinkel advocateda reform in the same sense, and others havedone so since, but only now at Munich aretheir views finding practical realisation.At the inauguration of the theatre Goethe's" Faust" was given in Eritz Erler's finesetting, and the enthusiastic receptionaccorded to the new mise=&gt;en=&gt;seene of adrama which offers such an extensive varietyof scene proved the power of these ideas tocarry conviction. The performances whichfollowed " As You Like It," clothed by JuliusDiez in a joyous, richly garb; thepastoral play, " The May Queen, " whichH. Huschbeck has arranged with a most tenderpoetic feeling; and the " Tanzlegendchen "to which Hans Beatus Wieland has given anextraordinarily picturesque effect hy thedecorations and costumes designed by himfor it—all emphasised the merits of this reformin the most striking way.As only a comparatively small sum of moneywas set aside for the construction of thebuilding it was incumbent on the architectto exercise the strictest economy, and bydispensing with an upper-stage he was ableto cover both auditorium and stage with oneroof. The wardrobes have been placed underthe auditorium, which takes the form of asloping amphitheatre divided into twenty-tworows of seats. A refreshment room waslikewise dispensed with. In various ways,then, both space and money have beeneconomised, and a very appreciable saving ofthe latter has been effected by the use ofplaster for a large part of the interior wallsurface. The auditorium has no plasterdecoration; the ceiling is panelled with pineslightly toned, while the walls are lined with stained oak relieved by inlays of darker wood.The curtain Is of blue silk with appliqueembroidery, by Margarete von Brauchitsch.The auditorium terminates in a row of boxescommunicating with the foyer, the walls ofwhich Julius Msssel has decorated withsymbolical paintings. The orchestra, in frontof and below the stage, has been so arrangedthat it can be easily covered over when nomusical accompaniment is required. The stageitself is at once simple and practical. It isonly 26 feet (8 metres) deep; a landscapeforms the background, but there is no visibleconnection between it and the floor, whichhas been expressly made low, while in placeof the coulisses there are tower-like slidingstructures which make possible a greatvariation of scenery. It is well to add thatthe architect has carried this undertakingthrough without any material recompense,and out of pure enthusiasm for the cause of reform". &amp; &amp;in the above lengthy quotation the italics areBy referring to them the reader willsee that this reform of the stage which iscalled a masterly achievement refers only tothe stage setting, the scenery and thecostumes. Masterly it seems to be accordingto the report of Mr Craig, who has visitedthe theatre,... but we note that he speaksonly in praise of the systematic organization,and not of the Art, although he has wordsof praise for Professor Littmann's building.jg? We regret that it has been the work ofthe painters, for the world needs no morereminder that the painters are men of brainsand energy, We still await the Ideal Theatre,...the only theatre,... that dreamed of by theartists of the Theatre, made and built withthe hands and filled with the brains of the artists of the Theatre. S TRA TFORD-ON-A At the Memorial Theatre. " Twelfth Night "will be the play for the second Annual GeneralPerformance of the British Empire Shakes- peare Society, to be held, (under the directionof Mr Actor Bond,) on September 30th,October Ist, 2nd and 3rd. There will be twomatinees and two evening performances, andthe two casts that will be employed drawnas they will be from all over the kingdom,....will be representative of the acting membersof the Society EDITORIAL NOTES &amp; The 44 New York Dramatic Mirror " ashort time ago contained a column aboutscenic artists, and it devoted a third of aleading article to speaking about scenicartists and their work. What do you thinkthey talked about all the time ? Business,orders, orders, business and again business,orders I Truly it takes one's breath away.One would have thought that there mighthave been a word or two about other thingsthan business and orders, but there was awhole column and a third in a cheerful veinabout the 4 shop ' of it all. &amp;44 The outlook for business is good " saidMr D. F. Dodge at the American Theatre,44 Our business this year is fair to that oflast year " said Mr Edward Unitt,44 has notfallen off to any extent ". &lt;4 Business hasbeen much worse this year than last " saidMr D. H. Armbruster. 44 Business has beena little slow this year " said Mr Gates.j&amp; I am looking at the column as I writeand have been looking at it for ten minutesand I am unable to find words to expresshow utterly stupid and short-sighted is suchchatter in a newspaper. For the theatre isnot a business, and as it begins to be lookedupon more and more as a business, so dothe receipts begin to decrease and decrease.Receipts of all kinds. The actors neither getthe same salaries nor the same plays as for- merly. The audiences neither get the sameperformances nor can they get in for thesmall sum as formerly. This treating of thetheatre as a business must stop if the theatreis to revive not merely as an art, but as aninstitution. No art was ever a success in anyway whatever when it began to be treatedin a commercial way. Who was the manthat killed the goose with the golden eggs?It is awfully bad business anyhow, and itseems to me that to kill even the poorestgoose of an artist that lays golden eggs isidiocy. (1) It is well to keep the artist alive.However, there is a new kind of artistcoming up to-day, and he may be described asthe fighting artist. The next developmentwill be the organising artist and then I seethe day coming when if the business man begins meddling with what does not concernhim he will be removed. It will be a beau- tiful day!....Orofessor Richard Burton, who has been* lately manifesting much energy as aspeaker on theatrical matters, recently,according to The New York DramaticMirror, delivered an interesting lecture atLos Angeles on the Municipal Theatre asan institution. In this lecture he warmlyadvocated its establishment, declaring thatin all cases where the system has been tried44 it is not only a social and educationalnecessity, but it pays".44 The Anglo-Saxon race " continues Professor44 Burton, is almost blind, like a bat, to the44 tremendous social and educational influence44 of the theatre on modern life. The theatre44 is one of five great influences apart from the44 home. The other four are the public library,44 the church, the newspaper and the school.44 Except for the theatre, all of these have44 been enlightened and developed. There is44 a historical reason why this indifference to44 the theatre exists. It began with the Puritan44 prejudice in England, which survives even44 today. Other nations have not held this44 prejudice, and have regarded the theatre as44 an educational power. Many of them have44 backed it governmentally and subsidized it."44 Professor Burton ", the DramaticMirror continues, 44 contends that the44 municipal theatre can be put on a business44 basis as well as on the basis of social44 improvement."The business side of the question we do notdoubt: but it is not clever finance which isgoing to save the Theatre: it is Art, and ofthat we see little hope in the scheme whichProfessor Burton so blithely and confidentlysets forth. &amp; &amp;Obviously, Professor Burton is an optimist,and he has a touching belief in the infallibilityof Bumbledom. His idea of the way in whicha city can help the theatre is first, by a mayor'sveto of improper performances; second, bymunicipal appropriation and control: and ofcourse that is all very we 11,... in theory.But has Professor Burton had much experiencein mayors,... especially provincial ones? Doeshe realise that it is an office which, while itmay be held this year by an Earl of Warwick,may pass next year to a pork butcher, apawnbroker or a tailor,... all doubtlessestimable callings, but not those in which weusually look for men of great culture ordiscernment in matters relating to an art?We have heard that the spirit of Elijahdescended on Elisha through the wearing ofa mantle: we have never yet noted that thespirit of the artist decended upon an honesttradesman through the donning of the mayoralchain. And unless he bring with him thespirit of the artist, how is the theatre to reapany benefit from this intervention of themayor? &amp;Again, we cannot see eye to eye with ProfessorBurton in his second proposition, nor believe that in " municipal appropriation and control"lies the panacea of all those ills to which themodern stage in heir. We have usually been struck by the fact thatthe corporate intelligence of a body of menis less, not greater, than the intelligence ofeach individually; which fact, unless wetranspose it and argue that the united follyof all is greater than the single folly of each,seems a refutation of Enclid's axium that thewhole is greater than its parts. Jg?Be that as it may, we have small hope of anygood accruing to the theatre from municipalcontrol, What reason have we to supposethat a Mayor and Corporation would provemore enlightened than the ordinary manager?If they stood in the place of the manager orproprietor their aim would doubtless be tomake money, even as his is: Art might then,as now, have to go to the wall. &amp;We are entirely in accord with ProfessorBurton as to the tremendous social andeducational influence of the theatre, but it isthrough men, not municipal bodies, that itspossibilities will be realised, and these menwill have to be the artists. &amp;It is by helping the artists individually intheir work, by facilitating, through grants ofmoney, their studies and their experiments,that we believe the only means lies by whichthe municipality can afford the theatre anyreal or adequate aid. jg?\KJ* hope our readers will excuse us for* not giving them a quantity of Paragraphsfull of uninforming information. We trustthe day is far distant when we shall beforced into topical monotonies such asthe following, which may be of use to thetrade but are a bore alike to the artist andthe lover of art. " George Arliss is not a" parent, but he owns a parrot upon which" he lavishes parental affection. A creature" in the newest color mode of gray and pink" feathers, and with impudent beak and" staring green eyes, and a sweeter vpice" than any other of his kind, helps to receive" visitors in the Arliss drawing room. If it" shouts disconcerting personal remarks at" the visitor it is gently chided but is never" sent from the room. Its name is Dinky" Bits ". jg? " Richard Harding Davis" has been appointed a deputy sherriff of" West Chester County. He has a summer" home in the town of New Castle. " or," Teddy Gamble spent the week end on his" yacht cruising up the Hudson. He was" accompanied by several friends. " or " Burt" King, recently with the Poli Stock at" Scranton, Pa... and his wife, Adele Lane," spent the week end in the Catskills, fishing" and getting ready for the strenuous" rehearsals on which they are to soon enter "or " Mr. Billy Downes, comedian, late" Newman and Downes, " later " Downes" and Langford, " was initiated into the" Terriers' Association on Sunday. Griff," in the chair, performed the ceremony. "or " Mr. Oswald Brookes is commencing at " th© Grand, Swansea, on Monday next what" he terms a Walter Howard season of two" weeks. Two plays of Mr. Howard will" form the repertory; The Midnight Wedding" and Man and Wife. jg/ &amp; jgrTheatrical journals often contain interestingannouncements which could be easily curtai- led in a single page, but the eighteen ornineteen other pages of these journals areliterally packed with paragraphs of theabove description. jg?&amp; How dreary it must be week after weekfor the actors apd vaudeville artists to readsuch things! That such papers reflect theModern Theatre is certain, and if thesejournals are compared with the journals ofthe Arts of Architecture, Painting and Poetrythe relative position of Acting as an Art willbe ascertained. jg? jg? &amp;jg? This was one of the reasons for foundingThe Mask.... so that it should no longer besaid that the stage was the only art whichpossessed trade instead of art journals.The nearest approach in England to anart journal was The Theatre, now quietly atrest. It tried to be an art journal, and itcould have become one if the actor managershad not prevented its growth. That was theresult of permitting actor managers to runthe journal. The Mask hopes to avoid thatdanger. £*&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;critics write in the journals of 'Mr* Frohman's production of " such andsuch a play, they create in the public mindthe impression that Mr Frohman reallyhas produced a play himself; that he isresponsible for the good or bad ideaswhich crop up now and then during theperformance, and that the "picture,"" grouping," " business," etc, is the work ofhis hand and brain. &lt;£? /£&gt;It is not. Therefore it is incorrect to speakof Mr Frohman's " production " of this or thatplay because the credit is not Mr Frohman's,...only the cash is his, and, being in manythings of an Eastern turn of mind, he iscontent to " take the cash and let thecredit go." &amp; &amp; &amp;Therefore, gentlemen of the Press, be sogood as to give the credit of these productionsto the Stage Managers. And also be carefulnot to give the credit to the wrong StageManager. There are generally two, andsometimes a third. Jg?Let us suppose that Mr Tree, for instance,is too busy with other things to be able todevote himself to the actual stage managementand so calls in the assistance of Mr LouisCalvert. Very good then; give Mr Calvertthe credit of the production of the play whichhe has actually produced, jgr s &amp;And do not forget his assistant. His assistantis the man who sees to it that the ropes don'tfoul, that the curtain does not tear, that thegauzes do not catch nor the platforms giveway. He it is who sees that the actors are notlate and the supers not unwashed. He keepsthe watch and the play commences and en to time if he is a capable assistant. He is notan artist, but unless he is a disciplinarianthe play may easily be a failure. &amp;Therefore when you criticise the productionof the play be careful to bear in mind thatthere are two or more men behind the curtainacting as stage managers.It there is a wait between the acts of fifteenminutes do not accuse the artists of this. Makea savage attack upon the under stagemanager,... the man who holds the watch andis supposed to be a capable munipulator ofeven the most difficult scenes and a capablecontroller of the vastest of stage crowds.On the other hand, if the scenes are ugly, donot lay tho blame on the wrong man. Thenit is that the artist should come in for 3'ourcensure. Theatrical critics are greatly atfault for not ascertaining who is responsibleand who is not. We would be inclined tosuggest that the critics should be invited tovisit an important production during therehearsals when they wish, so that they wouldbe able where the weak places in stageproduction come in. Seeing seeing forthemselves, they would be the better able tocriticize, not only the results, but the methodswhich lead to those results. JE?Hphe New York Dramatic Mirror of August29th, in a paragraph relating to Mr GeorgeAde, the playwright, tells us that Mr Ade44 scoffs at the idea that play-writing may beregarded as an art ". The journal goes onto quote his own words: &amp; &amp;&amp; 44 I don't believe there is a man living44 who could make a reputation in literature44 by writing a play. The conditions are all44 against it. Usually by the time a play is44 produced there is nothing left of its original44 form, style or destiny. The author and44 his manuscript are put through a mangling44 process that flattens them both first, and44 after that the actor and the stage manager44 trim them &amp;Now surely this is a very strong confirmationof the truth which has been again and againagain proclaimed by writers in The Mask,....that the art of literature and the art of thetheatre are independent each of the other,and that any attempt to unite them is tothe loss of both. &amp;If by the time a play is produced there is,as Mr Ade affirms, 44 nothing left of itsoriginal form, style or destiny it isobviously harmful to any play to be broughtinto the theatre. Why should the playwrightproduce a work of art only to have it mangled,distorted and spoiled?Of course if it was not a work of art whenit left his hands, and if the new play whichthe manager puts on his stage,.... (obviouslynew, since it retains nothing of its 44 originalform, style or destiny "), is one, then it seemsto prove that the manager, director, or whatyou please to call him, is capable of creatingfor himself what is necessary to set upon hisstage, and that so the effort of the playwrightwas superfluous. jg? But suppose that the playwright had produceda literary work of art? That being so, itwas complete when the last word was written.Why, therefore, did he not leave it so? Whydid he not let it go direct from him, theartist, to the reader, the thoughts transmittedswiftly and vividly through the medium ofthe printed word ? Why suffer it to betreated in so cavalier a manner by actors andstage managers alike? If the playwright be a man who, havingwritten his play, can then design the sceneryand costumes which shall visualise for thepeople the images which he, as poet, conceived;if he can so direct and control and unite themovements of the actors that they mayinterpret, not merely the words, but that farmore subtle and elusive thing, the spiiit, ofthe play; if his literary gift be but one detailof his complete equipment as an artist of thetheatre, then his entrance into the theatrewill harm neither himself nor it: he will nolonger be the stranger within the gates.But so long as the poet brings nothing butwords with him he must inevitably sufferthrough the mutilation of those words,through their misinterpretation by the actors,through their false setting by the scenepainter and designer of costumes. &amp;St is significant to recall, in this connection,the fact that Ibsen hated to see his ownplays on the stage. " The actors writesMr Haldane Macfall in his book on the poetwhich was reviewed in the March number ofThe Mask, " came between him and hisconception of the characters, often distortingthem for ever The scenery interposeditself between him and the dream countryin which he had hitherto seen those charac=ters move: by bringing his plays into thetheatre the poet, far from gaining, sufferedan irremediable loss. &amp; &amp; &amp;No, the literary artist should keep out ofthe theatre if only for his own sake. Hiswork suffers by being brought there, and he,as creator, suffers in and through hiswork.St would be interesting to ascertain howmany of the modern playwrights would, byagreeing with Ibsen, and with the opinionnow expressed by Mr Ade, confirm the factthat the art of literature, complete in itself,can only undergo mutilation or distortionby any attempt to bring about an arbitraryunion with another and independent art. (1) We do hope we are not incorrect, and that, If we are,The Stage will correct us. CRITICISMS CRITICISED. J. S. | Tnder this Sheading we shall, each month,have a word or two to say upon criticismwhich has appeared in the Press, and whichpurports to explain to the public the views or the work of artists. &amp; ALMANACK FORARCHITECTURE•(•TECHNICAL*: JT(j[(Jl G] GlGlGlGlt3lElGlGlS]l^Elg|tj!EsllA NEW CATALOGUECONTAINING MORE THAN A HUNDREDPAGES OF TEXT, AND ALSO ILLUSTRA-TIONS IN BLACK AND WHITE AND INCOLOUR. * * * * *Copies will be sent free onapplication to all Art - loversSCHUSTER &amp; B U F L E B. G. M. B. H.BERLIN W 30 * NOLLENDORFSTR. 31. 32* BOOKS ANCIENT AND MODERN * THE BUTTERFLYQUARTERLYIS A NEW PUBLICATION, CAREFULLYPRINTED FROM EXCELLENT TYPE,ON FINE TONED PAPER, Bxio in; INSIZE, THE EDITION BEING LIMITEDTO 500 NUMBERED COPIES. ITCONTAINS VERSES, TALES,TRANSLATIONS, REPRINTS,DRAWINGS, WOOD-CUTS, BOOK-PLATES, AND OTHER MATTERS OFBOOKISH INTEREST. YEARLY SUBSCRIPTIONDOLLARS 1.25 POST FREE.S &amp;THE BUTTERFLY QUARTERLY1126 WALNUT STREETPHILADELPHIAU. S. A.&amp; mPs mAw;£ £&amp;&amp; :; wvmiORMI»S«BHDOCHI«?5RThe principal Artistic and Literarypublication of Scandinavia. j&amp;Yearly subscription Francs: 20Wahlstrom &amp; Widstrand, StockholmPublished Month 1 y THE MOSHER BOOKS£&gt; MDCC C X C I-M CMV I I I£&gt;For a dozen years the most artistic volumes at their price that have been issued in Americahave been published, not from New York or Boston, nor even in Philadelphia or Chicagobut it Portland, Maine. In that little city Thomas B. Mosher has been printing, withoutflourish of trumpets or wide advertising, volume after volume which in artistic excellenceare not excelled by the issues of any publishing house in the world. Then, too, Mosher hasreprinted only the gems of literature that have been declared of the first water; gems thatare, beyond objection, jewels of the world's treasury of brilliant writing. We may alsoassert that the question of gain has been secondary in Mosher's calculations. He has putout very small editions, and he has made them so beautiful in all that concerns their make-up that it is doubtful if he has ever gauged the expenditure by the possible profit. Never-theless, he must have done so, but in doing so he excites our admiration.GUY CARLETON LEE in Baltimore Sun for Dec. 18, jg/My new Catalogue a remarkable piece of book-work in itself explains this unusualcompliment, and is sent free on request to book-lovers anywhere that can be reachedby mail. My Catalogues are not made up of old and hackneyed quotations concerningbooks. You are not wearied by " a jollie good book " jingle and that sort of thing, butyou are treated to some very genuine prose c&amp; verse not found in every cut and-decidedly-dried anthology. &amp; jgr &amp;/j&amp;THOMAS B. MOSHER PORTLAND. MAINE &amp; U. S. A. A PORTFOLIO OF ETCHINGS.By Gordon Craig with a preface. &amp;thirty portfolios will be issued, although ten or twenty additional copies of some ofthe plates will be printed according to the condition of the plate. The plates will thenbe destroyed. Each portfolio will be numbered. Each set consists of twelve designs looselymounted on grey card and contained in a grey cloth box portfolio with fastenings. Eachplate is signed by the artist. Size of portfolio 48x30 ctms. Average size of plate.14 2/3 xl 5 2/3 ctms. The price for a portfolio will be L. 16 .o. o, (400 Francs or 320 Marks).'Tphese etchings were made by the artist in the Spring of 1907 at Florence, and representhis most serious work. Connected as they are with his dream of an Ideal Theatre, theyin no way have anything in common with the modern stage." Movementwrites Mr Craig, " was at the roots of the Ancient Theatre and will ever" remain the very Essence of the Art." We must translate Movement through the medium of inanimate forms and thereby produce" once more an Impersonal Art which shall take its place by the side of its two sister" Arts, Music and Architecture &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;ORDER FORMTo The Publishers,The Editorial Office of " The Mask " 8, Borgo San Jacopo p. 2. Florence. Italy. &amp;Please send me the Portfolio of Etchings by Edward Gordon Craig, in payment for whichI enclose the sum of L. 16.0.0, (or 400 Francs or 320 Marks) &amp;SignedAddress. LIBRAIRIE ANCIENNE &amp;T. DE MARINIS &amp; Co. 5 Via Vecchiettl - FIRENZEELZuii1artfkimrt&gt;^&gt;wtnnr\nanw• »•A.iG• •Cem-a•••«•«0.aa*111H*«LQill£'MTULftJ)tinoar'«400aiJdSHinmoonin111tiliiitu• •on111* •&amp;* ImiMll»«!zIIOf510-1111 lli-ntsmJU»jar»••••—TVU1111 lStQfiatWCO5 IlII*Tltfill**ruruxrFine Collection of MSS., Incunabula, rate and curious books XV-XIX cent,Illustrated Catalogues free on application. THE SOCIETY OF FOURaCHAVE PURCHASED ONEOR TWO BEAUTIFULWORKS OF ART OFTHE LATE QUATTROCEN-TO AND EARLY SEICENTOCOMMUNICATIONS FROMTHOSE DESIROUS OF PURCHA-SING SHOULD BE ADDRESSEDTO THE "SOCIETY OF FOUR" ATTHE ADVERTISING OFFICESOF " THE MASK " BORGO SANJACOPO, 8. FLORENCE (ITALY) THE PAPYRUSEdited by Michael MonahanA Magazine for the Magazine»WearyCHICAGO NEWS.—The Papyrus holds a uniqueplace among the magazines and is always stimu-lating And interesting.ERNEST McGAFFEY.— The Papyrus is a stor-my petrel flying over an Infinite sea of bosh. &amp;PUTNAM'S MONTHLY.—There is sun, wind andrain in Michael Monahan's whimsical fancies.Subscription One Dollar a Year25 cts: additional for foreign countriesTHE PAPYRUSEAST ORANGE, NEW JERSEY Every reader of the English language will beInterested in a Magazine that is doing the work ofThe Book News Monthlyan Illustrated magazine devoted to Literature andArt, published in Philadelphia, Pa., U. S. A, at10 c. a copy, L. 1,00 a year. &amp; &amp;The purpose of THE BOOK NEWS MONTHLY isto Save Time, to Interest, Instruct, and Guide theGeneral Hea&lt;ter. £?&amp;&amp;&amp;£?Specimen copy sent free to any part of the worldAgents for Subscriptions in England: &amp;The International News Company.Address:£/ THE BOOK NEWS MONTHLY,Philadelphia, Pa., U. S. A. ANTONIO FRILLIPURVEYOR TO 10IMPERIAL &amp; ROYALFAMILIES &amp; &amp;FLORENCEVia dei Fossi 40 (ESTABLISHED i860)AWARDED PRIZESAT 48 NATIONAL &amp;INTERNATIONALEXHIBITIONSThe largest Establishment of Sculpture inMarble &amp;Reproductions from the Antique&amp; Original Works. Portraits. Monuments,Mantels, Pedestals, Garden Seats,Vases Fountains Flower=stands, etc:ESTIMATES GIVEN ON APPLICATIONST LOUIS MO.GRAND PRIX1904 DINI &amp; CELLAIArtistic &amp; Decorative Terra Cotta ofSign aVia dei Fossi N. i - FLORENCE4 Reproduction of sculptures of Old andJVlodern masters M Statues •- Busts «Vases &gt;- Bas-reliefs M pountains «H DoorsCHimney-pieces « Bases etc. etc. Inevery style Die SchaubuhneA weekly Theatrical Jour-nal Edited by SiegfriedJacobsohn.Verlag Oesterheld &amp; Co.Lietzenburgerstrasse 60 Berlin W. 15. Single copy . • M. pf. 30Quarterly . . . „ 3. „ 50Yearly 12. „ 00 NEW YORK DRAMATIC£? MIRRORThe oldest and most reliable Americantheatrical paper, published every weekat i2i West 42nd Street. New York, U.S.A.Sample copies on request free ofcharge. Foreign subscriptions 5.50 Dollarsone year; 1.70 Dollars three months. Q . P. VIEUSSEUXFLORENCE &lt;£? VIA VECCHIETTI, 5 &amp;Reading rooms, containing the best Englishnewspapers and reviews.-LatesttelegramsOpen daily 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. Sundays 8a.m. to 12 p.m. Subscription 35.00 a year.Ciidilating library containing thousandvolumes in English, French, Italian, German,some Spanish and Russian. Open daily9 a.m. to 5 p.m. except Sundays. Bookssent to all parts of Italy and abroad.