The mask 2 4 5 6 October 1909 naau_1909-10_01 The mask 2 4 5 6 Untitled Image Illustration 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 Scene from the "Sacra Rappresentazione" of St. Agatha. Illustration 4 Scene from the "Sacra Rappresentazione" of Joseph and his Brethren. Illustration 4 THE CENSOR AND "THE MASK" John Semar cre Yours faithfully, A Well-wisher cre Edwin Holt. Brookwood Ferris cre 5-8 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Untitled Image Illustration 5 VENETIAN COSTUME TRANSLATED FROM THE BOOR OF CESARE VECELLIO D. Nevile Lees, with a note on by Allen Carrie cre 8-11 PERSPETTIVA DELLA SECONDA PIAZZA di San Marco. Illustration 8 Untitled Image Illustration 9 Untitled Image Illustration 9 Untitled Image Illustration 10 Untitled Image Illustration 11 EVERLASTING POSTPONEMENT John Balance cre 11-12 Untitled Image Illustration 11 Design for a back cloth for a Stage Scene Reprinted from "The Page" 1900. by Gordon Craig Illustration 13 THE NEW THEATRE IN POLAND: STANISLAW WYSPIANSKI; L. de Schildenfeld Schiller cre 15-29 Untitled Image Illustration 15 Untitled Image Illustration 29 Jt is meretorious to insist on forms. Religion and all else naturally clothes itself in forms Carlyle cre 29 Untitled Image Illustration 29 A NOTE ON MARIONETTES Adolf Furst cre 30-34 Untitled Image Illustration 30 THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF JULIUS CAESAR E. W. Godwin cre 35-38 An antique theatre design showing the scenery and costumes as used in Venice in the filteenuh century, Illustration 38 Design for a Stage Scene by Gordon Craig. Illustration 39 A NATIONAL THEATRE: ITS ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES. 41-49; 51-53 AN INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM. 41-49; 51 Untitled Image Illustration 41 Design for a back cloth for a Stage Scene Reprinted from "The Page" 1900. by Gordon Craig. Illustration 49 SARAH BERNHARDT AND LUD WIG BARNEY ON ENDOWED THEATRES. Bram Stoker. 1906 cre 52 OPEN AIR THEATRES. A Letter from Mr Gordon Craig. Gordon Craig cre 52-53 Untitled Image Illustration 52 Untitled Image Illustration 53 THE WISE AND FOOLISH VIRGINS. A. C cre 53 A Foolinh virgin advertising herself. Illustration 53 BOOK REVIEWS 54-59 Untitled Image Illustration 54 THE PLAYHOUSE AND THE PLAY by Percy Mackaye, Macmillan Co. Dol: 1.25. D. N. L cre 54-56 THE BIRTH OF TRAGEDY by Fried rich Nietzsche, T. N. Foutis. Price 216, A. C cre 56-57 BURIED HERCULANIUM by E. R. Barker. V. and C. Black. Price. 716 net. D. N. L cre 57 St ELIZABETH OF HUNGARY by Arthur Dillon. Elkin Matthews. Price 416 net. D.N. L cre 57-58 SHAKESPEARE by Walter 58-59 A HISTORY OF THEATRICAL ART. 59 FOREIGN NOTES 59-62 Untitled Image Illustration 59 LONDON. G. H cre 59 FLORENCE 59-60 GIOVANNI GRASSO. C cre 60-61 PARIS 61-62 SIGNOR FORTUNY'S INVENTION J cre 61-62 EDITORIAL NOTES 62 Untitled Image Illustration 62 |r Martin Harvey has lately produced 62 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 63 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 64 Vol. 2 N.° 4-6 i 9 o 9 THE MASKA QUARTERLY JOURNAL OFTHE ART OF THE THEATRE * ARENA QOLDONIFLORENCEITALY YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION FIFTEEN SHILLINGS, POST FREE. THE CENSOR&amp;44 THE MASK". THE CENSOR&amp; 44 THE MASK ". " THE MASK " &amp;THE CENSOR. VENETIANCOSTUME* VENETIANCOSTUME. VENETIANCOSTUME. EVERLASTINGPOSTPONEMENT STANISLAWWYSPIANSKI. S T A N IS LAWWYSPIANSKI. STANISLAWWYSPIANSKI. STANISLAWWYSPIANSKI. STANISLAWWYSPIANSKI • STANISLAWW YSPIANSKI • STANISLAWWYSPIANSKI. STANISLA WWYSPIANSKI* STANISLAWWYSPIANSKI. STANISLAWWYSPIANSKI. ST ANISL AWWYSPIANSKI, STANIStAWWYSPIANSKI. ST ANISLAWWYSPIANSKI. STANISLAWWYSPIANSKI. &amp; A NOTE ONMARIONETTES &amp; A NOTE ONMARIONETTES A NOTE ONMARIONETTES. &amp; A NOTE ONMARIONETTES, JULIUS CESAR. JULIUS CESAR. JULIUS CESAR. OPEN AIRTHEATRES. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED &amp; J&amp;mi |i iim Iiimnwfiii ■"tfTi'ri i wwri&gt;-iTi frit il n aim.j&amp; Gerente Responsabile, GIUL10 VANZ1 WQRP ABOUT "THE MASK"/frp^e Mask is published Quarterly, on July ist, October ist,' January ist and April ist. j&amp; j&amp; &amp;Subscription rates for each country are given below. Ifyou wish to receive The Mask regularly on these dates all&gt; r*?* V that you have to do is to send your name and address tor rW/ us today with the sum indicated, and we will do the rest,supplying the quarterly parts already issued and each newifIL /TlfllfcV- number as published. j&amp; j&amp; &amp; j&amp;§§=;; The sendinS °* money is facilitated by enclosing paper' money in a registered letter, and should be made payableto The Publisher. j&amp;YEARLY England, 15 Shillings America, 4 Dollars Russia, S Roubles POSTSUBSCRIPTION Germany, 15 Marks Italy, 15 Lire, France, 20 Francs. FREEj&amp; The Mask Offices, Arena Goldoni, Florence, Italy&amp; Mr PERCY MACKAYE'S OPINION OF "THE MASK" &amp;44 Your journal has for me the rare attraction of abundant intellectual activity with44 aesthetic charm. Its freedom, its courage, its fecundity of ideas, its emphasis of vital po«&lt;4 tentialities in the theatre, its ample horizon, which aims to review the centuries as well44 as the seasons of theatrical art, its earnest search for rational criteria, its championship44 of the poetic and creative in its own field,.... these unusual qualities differentiate The Mask44 from that large class of art journals which are mere catalogues and tend to give it a44 perennial rather than a momentary appeal. " &amp; Printed for the Proprietor by E. Morandi, Tipografia Bodoniana, Via Pinti, Florence and published at The Office of 44 The Mask "Arena Goldoni. LITERARY CONTENTS. THE CENSOR AND THE MASK by JOHN SEMAR. &amp; COSTUMES FROM THE BOOK OF CESAREVECELLIO, TRANSLATED by D. NEVILE LEES, WITH A NOTE ON CHOPINES by ALLENCARRIC. &amp; EVERLASTING POSTPONEMENT by JOHN BALANCE. &amp; THE NEW THEATREIN POLAND: STANISLAW WYSPIANSKI by L. de SCHILDENFELD SCHILLER, &amp; A NOTEON MARIONETTES by ADOLF FURST. &amp; THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF JULIUSCAESAR by E.W.GODWIN. REPRINTED FROM THE " ARCHITECT ". &amp; A NATIONALTHEATRE, ITS ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES : AN INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM.SARAH BERNHARDT AND LUDWIG BARNEY ON ENDOWED THEATRES. OPEN AIRTHEATRES: A LETTER FROM GORDON CRAIG. THE WISE AND FOOLISH VIRGINS &amp;BOOK REVIEWS. &amp; FOREIGN NOTES. &amp; EDITORIAL NOTES. &amp; &amp; ILLUSTRATIONS. FRONTISPIECE : A DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE by GORDON CRAIG. &amp; FIVE DESIONSFROM THE BOOK OF CESARE VECELLIO &amp; TWO DESIGNS FOR BACK CLOTHS REPRINTEDFROM " THE PAGE " 1900, by GORDON CRAIG. HEAD AND TAIL PIECES ANDINITIALS FROM OLD ENGRAVINGS, AND FROM DESIGNS by CHARLES BORROW, JULIUSOLIVER, AND GORDON CRAIG. &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;£&gt;£&gt;&amp; Scene from the "Sacra Rappresentazione" of St. Agatha. Scene from the "Sacra Rappresentazione" of Joseph and his Brethren. THE CENSOR AND "THE MASK" by John Semar. Yours faithfully, A Well-wisher. Edwin Holt. Brookwood Ferris Sir, What is this mad idea of yours of supporting the Censor? Every one is askingme if 44 The Mask " has changed hands or only its face, for 44 The Mask " was once thechampion of liberty, and fought against all such enemies of the drama. Now it claims thatthe Censor is not only a Blessing but a Necessity. &amp; &amp; Do you think that this kind of thing will win you more friends for your Journal ? If soyou are mistaken. Sir, I am glad to see that in the midst of so much fuss about the 44 vile Censor "44 The Mask" keeps its head. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;We don't want these uncensored plays, especially since the authors have shown uslately what kind of matter such plays deal in. Many thanks. hese two letters have lately reached me, and in view of these and of the questionsput by many supporters of " The Mask " I feel that it is time for me to set beforeits readers my reasons for not attacking the Censor. &amp; &amp; &amp;To begin with the mob which is hunting him is made up of the last people in Englandwho have any justice in doing so.The excuses they offer are many. Most of them are the excuses of the martyr, and wehave learnt by experience that a crying martyr is a fraud. &amp;The second reason is that 1 believe entirely in the principle, and if 1 fail to praise thepresent Censor it is only because he does not carry the principle far e nough. It is not less,but more Censor, that the theatre needs. &amp; jg?&amp; The present Censor permits what I hope no other Censor will permit again,... he allowsLondon to be flooded by vulgarity. The shows at the music halls do not count. We expect,vulgarity there; and the Censor tolerates more than vulgarity there for he knows that theMusic Hall is the property of the mob and he also remembers that it was once much worseand that even the Emperors of Constantinople, Rome and Alexandria were unable to censorsuch exhibitions.But the Theatre is not the property of the mob and is not a place for exhibitions, animalor human.For what then is the Theatre? The reply is given us by the historians, It is forReligion. jg?&amp; You will possibly imagine that the Censor would oppose a theatre entirely dedicatedto Religion. If so you must be wrong, and that is shown by the plain fact that he censorsall which in his belief is non religious. &amp;&amp; You will now possibly tell me that I am wrong and that he vetos plays which are reli- gious. But here we come to the heart of the matter. So-called Religious Plays are notreligious any more than books with religious titles are Religious. " Bethlehem " which theCensor refused to sanction for public performance was not Religious; nor was "Eagerheart"which somehow got through. Mr Gordon Craig's stage management gave a certain mys- tery to " Bethlehem " but it could not make it religious. It was queerly acted, very pic- turesque, dramatic, theatrical, artificial, and none of these qualities are noticeable whenthe symbols of religion are before us. &amp;The Censor cannot restore Religion to the Theatre; no one but the philosopher-artistcan do that, but he should at least try to keep out that which is Jiou-religious. The mo- dern authors who clamour for the Censor's removal are frankly non-religious and wouldpossibly like to be atheistical; and it is even more because their reasons for the abolitionof the Censor are bad than because the arguments in favour of that office are good that" The Mask " gives, and will continue to give, the Censor its support. &amp; &amp;Sir William Gilbert in his evidence at the recent enquiry supports the principle of theCensor and points out that the stage is not a pulpit, but that, should no restraint beexercised, there seems to be a possible danger of its becoming a pulpit of the socialist andthe anarchist. &amp;Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree supports the Censor chiefly, so we are led to believe, be- cause he finds the dramatic author insupportable, and it is really mainly restless dramaticauthors and a few critics who form the attacking party.&lt;£? For my part 1 should be very glad to see acted a few of those plays by Mr Bernard Shawwhich the present Censor prohibits on account of what he believes to be their immorality,but I should not like to see the hundreds of daring plays, the ugliness masquerading as force,which would be let loose on to the stage as the result of this privilege being allowed toMr Shaw. For so long as English drawing rooms are what they are and the Englishhouseholder is what he is, so long will it be impossible to discuss in a theatre, withoutdanger, matters which are never breathed inside an English home. &amp; It may be urged that freedom is permitted to the Continental theatres and that it isunreasonable that in a country which, above all others, boasts of its freedom, any restric- tion should be in force. But this question turns on the difference between the blood andbrains of the Englishman and the Foreigner, and for my part 1 do not want the Englishmanany different from what he is. &amp;This matter of the value of the Censorship might, however, easily be put to a practicaltest. JZ? J2? &amp;&amp; To that end I should like to see it possible for certain theatres and certain authors tobe given freedom in such matters, and I think that this experiment might soon settle thewhole matter in a very few years. What* should there be against a license being givento the Court Theatre with a special license to Mr Bernard Shaw and Mr Granville Barkerto give the public just what they want to give them? The Court Theatre wrould then beknown as the " Free Theatre " and the public would soon decide whether or not this freenew theatre were better than the old one. JZ? JZ? JZ?If Mr Bernard Shaw's influence is for good a few years liberty will prove it, and afterall it is men of independent thought whose works all Englishmen desire to hear. But if,on the other hand, Mr. Bernard Shaw is merely the mouthpiece of an unruly section ofsociety, in a few years this also would become quite evident instead of only rather evidentas it is today.£&gt; I have said that if anything the power of the Censor is not carried far enough, and 1believe it to be in this fact that the weakness of the system lies. It is true that he mayveto any idea, any word, or any suggestion which is in the written text; but whatcontrol has he over the interpretation? Yet it is in the interpretation, even more than in thewords themselves, that the danger may lie. This fact has escaped most people. Yet if weconsider it for a moment there is hardly any line in any play to which a double entendrecannot be given, and even " How do you do, Mrs Jones " can be made positively indecentby the way in which it Is said and the gestures by which it is accompanied. &amp;&lt;£/ And it does not stop there; for without saying a word an actor is able to be as grossas he pleases. And if the grasp of the Censor is not relaxed from the wrist of the writerthe writer will use his other hand. He will learn how to write innocent conversations andthen he will instruct the actor how to interpret them; and as far as 1 can see it will beimpossible to stop the actor from doing so. &amp; What action would be taken if such a thing should come to pass ? And what is the useof making a law when you cannot enforce it or when it can be easily evaded ? It would be very easy to write such a play as I have suggested . &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;As I have said; I would like to see much more power behind the Censor. 1 would liketo see him able to prevent all the musical comedies, not because of what people call theimproprieties in them but because of that vast impropriety of vulgarity; the repetition ofvulgar words sung to commoplace tunes on a stage covered with glittering and tawdryscenery and costumes. Then I would like to see him veto any tragedy which had an exhi- bition of murder or attempted murder, suicide, or attempted suicide, or revenge; ambitionjealousy, seduction and all acts of violence; anything, in fact, dealing with the breakingof the ten Commandments; for as Nietzsche has very truly pointed out to us, " He who be- lieves that Shakespeare's stage has a moral effect and that the sight of Macbeth irresistablydetracts from evil ambition is mistaken. " j® j® j®j® For this is what it comes to. That the audience, seeing a pathetic interpretation of" Shylock," will undoubtedly be led to feel that revenge is a holy state of mind leadingto a sort of divine persecution. What more attractive ? An audience witnessing "Othello"will be led to suppose that jealousy is an attribute of the noble minded and the strong,and that a jealous man is privileged to wind all things up to his own advantage by com- mitting murder and afterwards a glorified suicide. " Do you imagine that Tristan and Isolde" give a warning example of adultery through its being the cause of their death ? This"would be turning the poets upside down: for they, and Shakespeare above all, are in love" with the passions themselves and no less with their yearnings for death. " (1) Take the ex- hibition of Julius Caesar being stabbed by the noble Brutus. If I were the Censor 1 wouldput the " noble Brutus " out of the running at once without further delay; for the killingof Caesar by the noble Brutus is an act which any man who thinks differently from hismaster is quite likely to copy without delay provided he finds seven other honourablegentlemen prepared to hatch the plot with him in the back yard. j® j® &amp;j® As for the story of Faust and Marguerite, Goethe or no Goethe, how this abominationcan have been permitted or continue to be permitted must astound every right thinkingcitizen; for the audience, listening to the cooing voice of Faust and watching the amiable gam- bols of the two love birds, and with their eye upon the absurd antics of the gentleman in pinkmust say to themselves if they have any senses, Edwin.... "Angelina, let us run the risk ofbeing bored by that old gentleman's Society, and let us play Faust and Marguerite without amoment's delay ".Have they not heard that this story of the devil is an old grandmother'sstory and is thought of no more J® J® J® J® J® &amp;But assuredly to anticipate all such and many other crimes by suggestion, the Censorwill have to concern himself with the interpretation as much as with the play; for it isnot what Faust says but what he does; it is not what Othello says, it is what he does;and soon it will be not merely what he does but what he indicates, and if in the futurestage murders are not perpetrated on beds in front of the audience, they will beperpetrated off the stage: not a word will be said about it, but by the faces of the actors,and especially by what they do not say, murders, revenges, seductions, and jealousies willbe suggested so vividly that they will become too horrible to contemplate. j® j®&amp; It is curious that no one has written a play like this 1ate1y,.... a play which a child or aJesuit could read without detecting any possibilities of horror. J® j® j®J® And finally, surely it comes to this; that now is the day to stop all this, to make theCensor unnecessary, rather than try to do without him. Cannot some of the feeling of theair be brought into the theatre even as that feeling is now coming into journalism ? Eve- ry thing seems to be getting fresher. Our halfpenny journals are a positive delight tous today. The influence of the air Is upon them. The currents of wind seem to be waftingmost of the bloodthirsty paragraphs away, so that there may be more room for airythoughts, A&amp;J®J®J®J®&amp;J®J®J®J®J®&amp; And what is to prevent the Theatre throwing open its doors and letting in thecurrent ? It would not be so impossible. We begin to see today that nothing is im- possible. j® j® j® &amp; *® j® j® j® j® j® j®&lt;£? Come, then; let all talk of the Censor cease; let us admit that he can do us no harm,that he may do us a great deal of good, let us accept him, and let us be far sterner censorsto our work; let us leave the horrible and the gross ; the pathetic and the gloomyand let us see if we cannot keep pace with the more vivid thought of the new era. J®&amp; And, Reader, do not say that in my proposition 1 take away everything and leave you nothing, and that I am not " practical ". For that is just it. Nobody wants to be practicalin such matters. You would hardly call Shelley's "Ode to a Skylark" practical, andnothing which is practical on God' searth ever created Poetry and it is just that kind of thingwe want in the theatre.And again, dear Reader, don't imagine I want skylarks twittering about the stage. I amsure that is what comes into some of your minds on reading this. I want poetry; poetry,poetry; not sad poetry, not pitiful poetry, not terrible poetry; I want joyous poetry, andif I should not be thought profane I would cry with Corporal Brewster, " And, by God,we shall have it!" ,&lt;s&gt; &amp; Two fetters. Reasons for thedefence. &lt;£? For what is theTh e atre ? &amp; &amp; A possibledanger. &amp; A practical test. The interpreta»tion of words. Mano Sinistra. &amp; Nietzsche. The danger, 4? ZP Horrors by44 Suggestion ". The time for achange (1) Nietzsche. VENETIAN COSTUMETRANSLATED FROM THE BOOR OF CESARE VECELLIO by D. Nevile Lees, with a note onby Allen Carrie. PERSPETTIVA DELLA SECONDA PIAZZAdi San Marco. LADIESATPUBLIC FESTIVALS. noblewomen are invited to banquets or pageants at which some great personageis present, as very often happens in Venice, they are allowed without regard to thelaw or detriment to themselves to dress and adorn themselves as best pleases themalthough on other occasions their dress is restricted by the sumptuary lords. &lt;£? And therefore when Henry111 king of France, on leavingPoland, where he was king,dassed Venice, he was entertai- ned, (in addition to other superband marvellous spectacles) witha great train of two hundredof the most beautiful and di- stinguished ladies of the citygathered in the Hall of thegreat Council. &amp;&amp; These were all dressed inwhite; and appeared in suchguise and in such completebeauty that the king, with allhis retinue, was astonished.&amp; All these ladies passed twoby two before His Royal High- ness and with graceful manners4and low courtesies paid himthe reverence due. £* &amp;All had their heads coveredwith pearls, and their necks,breasts, shoulders, bodices andsleeves, were also adorned witha wealth of other jewels, all ofwhich were set in gold withmost beautiful embroideriesaround them.So great in fact was thepomp with which they appea- red that it was estimated thateach one bore about her more than fifty thousand scudi.&lt;£?&amp; And, in addition to the dances gracefully performd by them before his Majesty there wasalso a most sumptuous banquet on which were spent many thousands of scudi* But to return to the subjeet of these dresses, 1 say and confess that the bodices of thattime were not so long as they are today, nor did those wise and beautiful maidens weartheir curled hair in so high a form, arranging it only as seen in this picture. Their dresswas often similar to that of the lady in black with the crown (i). She whom 1 here picturefor you was one of those adorned as 1 have described and invited to that great festival. &amp;&amp; Now our modern ladies use brocades and cloth of gold and silver with many jewels,bodices and costly sleeves. The tiring of the head is modern, and modern the sleeves andcollar in which jewels are used; and in their hands they carry beautiful woven fans withgolden handles. THE COSTUME OF YOUTHS. ''jphe costume of the young men or students of the city of Venice is very beautiful andneat and renders the figure active and vivacious Thus such youths wear on their headsthe high black caps known as " h tozzo ", made of rich velvet in winter and in summerof silk brocade or tabby, or of watered silk with the lining of coloured taffetas, aroundwhich they have a veil tied or garlands of little pearls, fair to see, with some medallionor jewel or with braids of gold intertwined with pearls or little crystals. jg? &amp;&amp; They wear doublets of silk, satin, brocade or tabby with buttons of gold or silk,and adorned likewise with braid or lace. At the neck they put clean frills, well shapedand very white, and they wear hose of the same material as the doublet. And both thedoublet and hose they slash and cut in fine designs, through which slashes they show thelinings of various coloured taffetas.They have on their legs stockings of silk, or of Flanders wool worked with needles; andthey wear shoes of Morocco leather, elegantly made. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;This design will appear in a later number. VENETIAN LADIESBLEACHING THEIR J tis the custom in Venice to have uponthe roofs of the houses certain squareedifices of wood in the form of open log- gias, the which edifices in " terra ferma"are in the form of walls and covered overas one sees in Florence, where they arecalled terraces. And in the city of Naplesthey have upon the houses certain unco- vered places which they there call *' bat- tuti", and which are made of coarse sandand lime, well beaten, which resists theheavy rains. &amp; &amp;Now to return to our subject. Howbeitthat all women show themselves desirousof increasing their natural beauty by art,the Venetians manifest themselves themost desirous of all. By which they dono small wrong to themselves since, per- haps, they less than others have need ofart. And also because, this diligence oftheirs being known, it comes about thateven their natural beauty loses in theminds of others a great part of its creditand is judged as artificial. &lt;£?With this idea therefore they have,among others, the artifice, as we havesaid, of making themselves fair; which is the reason that they frequent the " altana " (for that is what the aforesaid woodenedifice is called ), holding the head exposed for whole days to the sun for this purpose. &amp;For this work, in which they have themselves to be both the served and the servant, theyusually stay on these " altane " when the sun is hottest, and, sitting there, with a littlesponge tied to the end of a stick and soaked in a wash which they buy or make for them- selves at home, they wet all their hair many times, letting the sun dry it as often as theywet it, and thus making their hair blond as they all seem to have it. &amp; &amp; While doing this they wear over all a white robe of silk or very soft linen which theycall " schiavonetto " and on their heads they wear a straw hat without a crown whichthey call " solana, " and this by the width of its brim holds the hair distended and pro- dects the face from the sun while they are waiting to bleach themselves. jg? PUBLIC PROSTITUTES. 'yhe public prostitutes who dwell in places of ill fame, are not uniform in their dress because,although they all follow the same calling, none the less, owing to the inequality of theirfortunes, not all can go arrayed with similar gradeur. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;For all that, they have in use a costume which rather resembles that of a man, forthey wear doublets made of silk, linen or material more or less costly according as eachcan afford; and these are trimmed with wide fringes and padded with cotton wool just atthose worn by youths; and are similar in fashion to those worn by the French. And nextthe skin they wear a man's shirt, this also depending for its finenes and elegance upon the.amount which each one can afford. Above the which shirt they fold in the hot weather across-over apron of silk or linen reaching to the feet; and in cold weather a robe linedeither with cotton or silk as best they can afford. &amp;&amp; The slippers which they wear are more than a quarter of a braccio high; but adornedwith fringes, and they have stockings of silk or of embroidered cloth with Roman shoeson their feet. &amp; Many of them wear, like men, hose ofwatered silk or other material; and bythese signs and by such others as theirsilver rings and bracelets they are easilyknown. &amp; &amp; &amp;But one cannot easily describe how theytire their heads, nor see them at the win- dows, as they frequent rather the doorway and the street, to draw into theirsnare the passing birds. There they loiter,singing love songs; but with little grace,in conformity with their vile condition, ma- king themselves heard with hoarse voice.A NOTE ON CH O PINES.The high shoes referred to in this lastdescription by Vecellio were evidently notlimited to the particular class to whichhe attributes them, as we read in otherrecords of the period that the Venetiansand the women of all Northern Italy tookto wearing shoes with soles two or threefeet high, so that to avoid falling theywere obliged to walk leaning on theirattendants. &amp;&amp; This fashion dates as far back as 1430when mention of it is already made in adecree of the Venetian senate. Later onthe high soles gave place to wooden pedes- tals which were painted blue, red or yel- low and some times gilded. £?&amp;&lt;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; &amp;&amp;&amp; The high pattens shown in the illustration are similar to the over-shoe which in Shake- speare's time in England was called a i4 chopine. " (see Hamlet Act 11. Scene 2.) Thechopine was usually put on when going out and served to keep the skirts dry and clean byraising the wearer some inches from the ground. &amp;&amp; Later on the ladies took advantage of having learned to walk gracefully with these highclogs and adopted a similar fashion for indoors. This increased their height and added adignity to their movement which became slower and more measured. Should an actress oftoday learn how to walk on such clogs she would have mastered the majestic movementspossessed by these " grandes dames " of the sixteenth century. &amp; &amp; Venetian ladies. Venetian ladies. Venetian youths. Wetting thehair. Their slippers. A hint toactresses. &amp; EVERLASTING POSTPONEMENT by John Balance. magination is a rare quality. The power of being able to summon upin a moment a clear vision of what we call the intangible and the impossiblseems to be possessed by very few. &amp; &amp;About eight months ago column after column in the 44 Daily Mail "contained some such phrases as the following: 44 It surpassed the imagi- nation, " 44 it was beyond belief. " I have read these phrases several timesin the course of a week, and that which 44 surpassed imagination " was theflying of Wilbur Wright. Now I beg respectfully to tell the 44 Daily Mall "that there is nothing which surpasses the imagination or goes beyondbelief, and this reiteration of the phrase by the 44 Daily Mail " is mostharmful, for it makes all people out to be greater fools than they are. &amp; And againo niy the other day Mr Lloyd Qeorge, on seeing the ships flying in the airat Rheims, speaks in the same way, 44 it was far beyond anything I could have imagined." This may be true of Mr Lloyd George but it is not true that the power is so weak as allthese people suggest.l maglnatlon was with Wilbur Wright from the beginning; if anythingit surpassed him and still surpasses him. Not merely the imagination and invention of MrWells and Mr Jules Verne, but the imagination of thousands of cultivated and uncultivatedpeople all the world over,&amp; It is imagination which has given birth to the flying machine; it is imagination whichhas given birth to everything which is valuable on earth from religion down to the halfpennypiece; and it is because the value of imagination is not understood in England thateverything is delayed for us some years after it has appeared in other lands, and even MrLloyd George and the " Daily Mail " both regret the delay. &amp; -&amp;&amp; Is it to be supposed for one instant that there have not been for a long time in Englandmen who have had this Ideal of flying and have even been able to materialise their idea up toa certain point ? Undoubtedly there have been such men In England and they have beenallowed to die because of these people who undervalue imagination and refuse to followIts lead or support its possessors.&amp; In England you have but to whisper of an idea which has not fully materialised for itto be scouted instantly, and the greater amount of imagination there is In that idea themore will it be scouted. Truly it makes one believe that If such a poet, such a man ofimagination as the Christ were to come into England at the present day, he would be lockedup In an asylum or a prison.&amp; And it is not to be supposed that the people who would do this are those who wouldbe accused of being straight-laced or those who are called old fashioned Englishnen. It isthe modern up-to-date man, the matter of fact Englishman who would be guilty. Aud hereagain 1 must not be mistaken to mean a large number of Englishmen. I mean a smallgroup of Englishmen; composed of a number of slow, vulgar beings who since time imme- morial have been attempting to delay everything by a loathesome caution which pretends tobe discretion. They it is who have made it possible for the " Daily Mall " to glow withenthusiasm when announcing its lack of imaginative Force. &amp; &amp;&amp; They It is who have lowered the standard of art In the country. If it were not forsuch people there would not be these continual appeals to the country. Owing to the pe- culiar morbid cautiousness of these men everything good is postponed until the twelfth hour,and then the enthusiasts of England,.... the old Englishmen, are appealed to throughthe press.&amp; We want an airship: appeal to the country. We want to save a picture by Holbein, andappeal to the country. We want volunteers for South Africa; appeal to the country. Wewant Dreadnoughts; appeal to the Empire.The thing is In a nutshell in the word " appeal. " Paupers use it. It is a word whichIs generally used when an emergency arises. But are we a tenth rate power that repeatednually emergencies should be created by a minority of decadent deadheads, to use a thea- trical term ? For deadheads they are. They neither pay for their seats, nor are theyfond of the play; they despise the actors, and having accepted free seats from them theyrun down the performance.Efforts are being made to get rid of the deadheads in the theatre; let us hope that thesame efforts will be made to get rid of them in the Empire. When they are made to payfor their diversion we shall see and hear less of them, and there will be more room for thetrue lovers of the play to sit at ease. Then perhaps imagination will also have free play,the dreams will become more ample and the people will be more eager for their fulfilment,urging and assisting in that fulfilment. The young and unknown men who are rich withIdeas and Ideals, the young imaginations who create ships of the air, who sketch outplans for the feeding of the hungry, who create works of art to feed those who are starvingfor the lack of beauty, all these men will again be recognised assets of the country. &amp;&amp; Imagination, soaring once more over England, will announce with each beat of its wingsthe power of the Dream and the Vision. The satirical dramatist with his cheap socialism;the shrieking suffragette; the " unemployed " humbug; the orator and his " down with theLords; " the matter of fact, weary with his facts, and the matter of them; the solitary mil- lionaire; the well-wisher with his weak knees, all these will come under the influence ofthis thing, will look up and begin to move In unison with it until at last the whole peoplewill be once again a soaring nation. &amp; New ideasScouted, iA morbidcautiousness. J&amp; Design for a back cloth for a Stage Scene Reprinted from "The Page" 1900. by Gordon Craig THE NEW THEATRE IN POLAND:STANISLAW WYSPIANSKI; byL. de Schildenfeld Schiller. (concluded.) two-act tragedy, " The Legend " occurring at the Court of Wawel, forms the over- ture to the cycle of dramas lauding former Might and Glory. Its tragic purport is thepopular tale of the King-Knight Cracus and his daughter Vanda, already adapted by Kra- sinski (in the drama entitled " Vanda " ) and by Norwid (Cracus the unknown prince " and" Vanda ",) which theme Wyspianski varies in his way and enriches with new episodes.&amp; The action of the first act passes in the wooden mansion which the knight Cracus, anold man who wore the simple peasant dress, leaned on a knotted club and was strongand powerful as a forest robber, had himself erected, taking logs for it from the fir wood,having first destroyed the sacred temple that stood on Wawel hill and driven away blessedserpents that lay hidden in its caves.&amp; The scene represents the royal hall whose architecture and fittings are modelled on theinterior of a Polish hut. In the red rays of the waning sun on a straw pallet lies thelifeless king, who had but just breathed his last, and at his knees falls the chorus of thepeople and, lamenting, observes his lips. Here there are wizards, seers and diviners whomthe Elder liked to have around him in life; here there are his herdsmen, his equerries, hiscourtiers and harpers who have come hither to sing on the eve of the equinoctial feast.Beside the parental litter Princess Vanda laments, waiting in resignation for dawn, when,according to custom, as the only daughter, they would burn her with the corpse on thesame pyre. Behind the scenes in the meanwhile a fierce fight is being waged between thehouse servants and the warriors of the German prince Rytogar, who having fallen on thestronghold of Cracus and been enchanted by the beauty of the wonder-of-wonders maiden,exacts her in tribute for himself. The chorus of warriors fighting leaderless behind thescenes announces their final overthrow, for the Teutons have forced the gate, rushed into thecourtyard of the castle and are already tearing through the arcade towards the royal hall.Then the manly soul awakes in Vanda; she will not render the beloved remains up toshame, she will not render her virginal body to be the prey of the flaxen warrior. So, fol- lowing the advice of an old chaunter, she vows to her Goddess-Mother that if she willgrant her for this one night a nine-fold strength that she might drive away the enemies'army and intone a mourning chant to her father on the pyre, tomorrow she would demolishthe paternal demesne, and that on the hill where the dead good-man destroyed her altars,uprooted the holy orchards and killed the blessed adders she would erect a temple to herhonour and that she herself would give up her own young life to her. " She kneels, pros- -44 trates herself to the earth, and, with both hands,.... dumb is the ill-boding murderess...." seizes a doe, presses it between her knees and thrusts a glittering blade into the hairy" breast of the beast: a stream of hot blood gushes forth; she raises the bloodstained blade," places her hands thereon, raises them to her face and smears it with the warm blood." Dumb is the ill-boding murderess.... she kneels, with hands crossed on her bosom. Around" her lights, thunder and lightning round her head. With her hand she describes runes" with the blood and her lips murmur a spell &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&lt;&amp; Having fulfilled the sacrifice, Vanda, full of a superhuman strength, goes to the portcul- lis, in a wreath of lightning and with the charm of her eyes hurls to the ground the knightRytogar who immediately, vanquished by the strength of an unknown spirit, sounds ablast on the horn as a signal to his soldiers to retreat.The storm abates. In the distance is to be heard only the clattering of mail. Vandastands as though enchanted. The people, calmed of its fear already, waves away the evil spi- rits with its hands, approaches the portcullis to look at the corpses of its brethren, dronesmournfully and weeps. Soon will the liche-wake begin. " And in time will they take up" the singing round the dead knight, since he is already arrayed and provided for the" journey. They have put him in sitting posture on the straw in his armour, on a litter" of a few sheaves in full ear. Round the body are placed ewers, larger ones filled with" honey and milk and lesser ones which are to be filled with tears " . And Vanda, readyto go to her death, takes leave of her handmaidens in words as doleful as that weeping ofAntigone " looking for the last time at the light of sun ", reminding, by the melody ofverse and touching simplicity of substance of the ditties the young bride sings on quittingthe paternal hut. The maidens of her suite seat her at her father's feet and, like bridesmaids at a village wedding, nestle close to her, whispering words of comfort and embracingthe beloved in farewell.The chorus of peasants and women seat themselves to the liche-wake collation. Old royalrhapsodists thrumming on the cithara sing to the departing soul plaintive lauds and balladsof its heroic earthly sojourn. Inebriated by the strong drink of the songs the people havedozed, the players have bent their heads and, to the minds of all it seems " that some" great warriors arrive in flowing garments, that over the old warrior they are bending" like a hazy cloud, that they take apples from their wallets and a pleasant fragrance" spreads around as in a summer orchard when the season is fruitful; it seems to them'* that they bend their staves over the heads of the slumbering liche-wake guests and that" they disappear as spectres into the night, into darkness".&amp; While this vision of elder-fathers appears to the sleeping people Vanda still watches,yearning for life, for liberty; she meditates how to escape from those who tomorrow willdrag her, young, to the stake; but she too is soon overcome by sleep.And then the old king- goodman revives, the blood flows into his pale cheeks and beatslike a hammer in his heart. In his ears still sounds playing and the ring of someone'smournful song. He listens.,.. From the fields float the piping notes of shepherds shalms. Hesees the crowd sleeping over the dishes, rhapsodists with lyres and maidens who hadtwined wreaths here: he sees courtiers who, having put aside their broadswords have fallen,wearied, into sleep. This silence and calm surprises him. He himself knows not whether hebe living or whether he be looking at wonders in the other world. &amp; &amp;&amp; While the king thus gazes around and listens intently the portcullis which had closedthe doorway rises, revealing dense forests ages old and the mirror of the Vistula shiningin monthly rays. From the Vistula in chorus, sporting in dreamy dance, come some figuresstrangely garbed, covered with flowers and carrying nosegays in their hands. A wizarddirects their steps with his staff. They stream by slowly, now emerging into bright light andliow plunged in shadow. At their head walks an old herdsman playing on a sad fife recallinga melody of the warbling of birds once heard, and behind him glide couples of mermen,mermaidens, kelpies and werewolves. The whole of this singular cortege surrounds in adancing circle the king-tiller. Afterwards groomsmen approach and sing betrothal songs tothe sleeping princess. &amp;&amp; Rejuvenated by the charm of the songs the corpse of the king remembers former times,sings and taps merrily to the dance. Soon however his head falls on his breast, his heartceases to beat, for the three witches in crape head-dresses who have issued from theground have severed the golden thread of his life. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; The chorus now surrounds the sleeping Vanda and reminding her, now she has awaken- ed in soul, to return to live to her native and rightful kingdom on the bed of the Vistulawaters, places on her brow a bloody wreath twined of Vistula flowers which will endowher for one day with such strength that she may bear off the victory over the enemy andthe people name her its king at the council. &amp;&lt;£&gt; Having done this the whole company of water-folk, as a punishment that the dead kinghad not offered sacrifice to them, that he destroyed their sacred altars and killed blessed serpents, having dressed him in a simple peasant frock instead of armour, having placedon his head instead of a crown a wreath of weeds, seat him on the back of " Jarowite'scharger " (i) and amidst plaudits and jeering songs carry him with them to the banksof the Vistula. The charm of the wreath works. Vanda awakes. She dons her father'sbreastplate which the spirits had cast into a corner, attaches the heavy sword, and on herhead, adorned with the cursed wreath, she puts the winged viking casque with goldpendants, the same the knight Cracus wore when he led the people at the council.&amp; And here arises a new Leader, of whom the diviners had sung, the Leader=Maiden; andhaving with a storm of words awakened Might in the breast of the Nation, rushes to theFight which is to bring the final disaster to the enemy. Through the portcullis are to beseen the slain led by nixes who, fondling them, give them lovage to suck, and in the distanceis still to be heard the funeral chorus of water gods. Vanda's horn sounds. The Peoplemoves onward to the combat.The scenery of the second Act represents the bank of the Vistula at the feet of Wawel.On the waves, silvered by the light of the moon, to the sobbing piping of shepherd shalms,frolics an ondine ring, luring mortals by its singing to the magic dance. In their midstthe drowned corpse of the knight Cracus intones a lamentation over his fate. The serpentsand holy dragons emerge from the waters and devour his body, monstrous water-spiritsare consuming from his sack the grain he was to have sown. His grain is going to nothing,the fields will go fallow, his house will be in embers. Tied by the force of the evil spiritshe stands amidst the waters, king without a crown, knight without a sword, waiting forthe Dawn and Resurrection.False Dawn. The Chorus in a sung intermezzo lauds the sunrise and glorious victorywhich the New Leader had gained that night over the invaders. The Vistula reddens withthe blood of the slain. Horns sound. The Nation gathers on the bank in festal dress praisingsummer and fruitful times in ceremonial chants. In the retinue of victorious peasantsappears the golden Knight=Maiden. The fiddlers strike up a wedding march. Vanda stepson to the raft with the army so as to cross over to the Burg. The old harper with animmense wreath of flowers and compears on his head is before her as mediator from thePeople prostrating himself and begging her in a betrothal song to accept the governmentof the nation. As a sign of agreement Vanda doffs her winged helmet, which the harper,fixing on a pike, shows to the people. The Chorus sings a coronation hymn. The raft is onthe move towards the Burg when suddenly, from the watery depths, emerges the ondinechorus, reminding her that on her brow she wears a crimson Vistula wreath and that as theSiren who had saved the people by charms she must descend to the bottom as she hadvowed the previous night. The raft begins to sink, rent by the hands of Vistula spirits. Thepeople, affrighted by the spells, flees to the shore. On the raft the Maiden King remainsalone unheeding the appeals of the chorus of the people; gazes into the charmed whirlpoolfrom which arise the walls of the Castle " in gold and blue from foot to summit " whereFame will celebrate her nuptials; gazes into the charmed whirlpool and a wedding processsion appears to her luring her with a joyous nuptial hymn, and she sees the stern face ofthe old King whose grey beard had grown into a coral bush. In vain the chorus of peopleimplores Vanda to cast away the enchanted wreath. The Maiden=Hero will not depriveherself of the wreath of the glory; she stands as though turned to stone on the raft havingraised the sword high in the air. The People wishes to tear the flower crown from hertemples. Too late. The water carries away the raft at a furious rate and shatters it on therocks at the bend. The chorus of Vistula spirits is stilled. The curtain falls. &amp;Wyspianski dramatises the Legend of King Boleslas the Bold who murdered BishopStanislas Szczepanowski (1079) in two three=act dramas: in " Boleslas the Bold " in whichthe principal action takes place, and in " The Rock ", which completes the principal actionin behind«the°scene events underlining the symbolical meaning of the first tragedy, andwhose tableaux may serve as an interlude between the acts of " Boleslas the Bold ".&amp; In ** Boleslas the Bold " the scene of action is the royal hall built on crossbeams ofstout logs. In the background a great double door fastening with powerful bolts and ador«ned with two lion's heads holding rings in their jaws, leads to the wooden arcade whencethe view stretches on to the " Rock " and on to the bed of the Vistula, which landscapeis marked on the back cloth. The whole scenery, maintained in grey tones, is lit up by(1) Wyspianski models the burial of Cracus on the popular folk ceremony performed in the villages at christmas-tide. the light of the sun which either enters through the doorway or, when that is closed,filters in a meagre stream through the crescent shaped openings in the shutters. Acrossthe centre of the stage runs a strip of red cloth almost to the edge of the prosceniumwhere stands tho faldistolium, the royal throne encrusted with gold and in the form of theletter X on which, with his back to the spectators, the King seats himself, strong, heavy- moustached, clothed in richly embroidered garments, bearing on his head a sexagonalgold crown studded with jewels, with pendants in the shape of fan crosses, and wielding anenormous glaive. The remainder of the furniture consists of stools covered with leatherand with dentated edges, coloured with red paint,and a coffer of hammered silver platesin which are ranged the royal garments and near which the king is accustomed to sitin judgement.&amp; In this chamber Boleslas the Bold rules the people by crime, torturing and murderingamidst the singing of courtiers and courtisans in rose garlands, dancing round the roomstained with innocent blood. Blind in his cruelty, the king, who believes himself to be thewand of God, this lavish blood-shedder who desires that his people, like him thirsting forblood, would reign together with him by the sword that slays and exterminates, is heed- less of the admonitions of Bishop Stanislas appearing in the dress and armour of Michael thearchangel, the patron of the church on 44 The Rock " and foretelling his not far distant end.When to the crimes of the king there is no limit, when every day brings a fresh harvestof death the Bishop arrives at the court " in pontificalitus " with a procession of thepeople and friars to invoke the curse. At his side stalks the ressuscitated corpse of theKnight Peter in cerements, summoned as a witness. 44 He appears just as he had lain inthe tomb a year, for thus rose the royal Hoplite. Clods of clay cling to his armour and aserpent encircles his brow. From his extinct eyes runs a bloody slime, his garments are inrags ". All fall on their knees. The friars in black cowls drone a gloomy maledictionalchant after which they extinguish the flaming tapers, break them and hurl them with acrash to the ground. A banner bends over the king's head with the Archangel Michael pain- ted thereon who seems to touch him with his flaming avenging sword. The king starts upfrom the throne, but the crown falls from his brow. All flee in terror. The processionwithdraws in silence. Then the king awakening from the daze into which he had fallencommands his courtiers to bring the bishop living to the court. But when these same re- turn in bewilderment and fear because some mysterious power had arrested them in thedeed, the king himself snatches up his sword and rushes out to avenge his shame. &amp;In the last act we see the king returning late into the night with the bloody glaive.Emptiness all around. All the courtiers have fled from the accursed court. The queen-motherhas left and the wife with her little son, and now they are kneeling there on the " Rock "with the people where eagles are guarding the corpse. About the empty castle hall roveWhiz and Whistle (i) at whose every step a year passes while when they run a league acentury elapses, spirits who show visions of the future to the conscience of the bloody king.So now at the head of the chorus of cripples, at the rear of which walk the queenmother, and the queen-consort with her little son, marches an old sacriston in a confrater- nity dress of today reading through spectacles in a nasal voice from a thick hymn book,versicles, canticles in honour of St Stanislas, which the chorus, plaintively drawing out thewords, repeats. Now from under the ground emerges the Statue of the Saint with upliftedhand, just as we see it today on the 44 Rock " standing in the miraculous pool. The visionsfade away. The king alone has remained in the empty castle, and behind him in his trackswanders blind-eyed Echo whispering words of torture to his soul. A storm bursts. Amidstthe lightning flashes into the room from the arcade creeps the silver Coffin of St Stanislaslaid in Wawel Cathedral. The king recoils terrified and, seizing the crown with both hands,recedes towards the throne. 44 Whence, whence comest thou with the command?" he calls.44 away from me, my brow I bend it not! Oh Fame!!! Take my life and crown! Oh Fame!!!I curse God ! I execrate God !!! " A thunderbolt strikes, the coffin falls OIL the king withits silver weight. £&gt;&lt;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; In twenty six dramatic scenes with the epic title 44 Achilles " Wyspianski sings theanger of nimble footed Pelides and the fall of sacred Ilion. &amp; &amp;&amp; This poem, representing the conflict of the demi—gods with men and of men with thegods, is performed partly on the Trojan battle field, partly in Priam's unfortunate burg.(1) Slav gods of the wind. Before our eyes will stand, revived from the Homeric tale, the noble warrior, son of Tethys,who would rather listen to Patroclus' lute in his tent than fight with the Atridae againstthe Trojans. He wears armour, the gift of the god's armourer, that refuses obedience to himwho wishes to commit evil, and he had perceived that the Atridae had flown here likevultures to the town above which had raised a defending weapon, Hector, the man of men,whose heart by its probity is innocent and over whom is the divine protection. Achilleshad recognised " that those he had slain were innocent and that in these noble deeds mustbe inactive ". And we shall behold the demi-god sitting by the Scamander, crouching onthe steep shore listening to the music of the waves that " mutter, whisper, chatter, nowendowing him with a word of consolation, now darkening the light of his soul. Musing helistens to these waves how they mutter, whisper, chatter, flow and play before his eyes,rise and perish". The chorus of waves now flowing, now ebbing from the shore foretell himthat he will never return to his country, that he is decreed to conquer and to perish here,but that his life nevertheless will not terminate: " that he will wander amidst the drift untilhe undertake a new labour, begin a new 1ife,.... will awaken a new nation to strength anddeed. And the chorus of waves brings him on its crests the inanimate body of fair-hairedPenhesilea, which Achilles awakening with a kiss again gives to the water, saying Goodnight,to his love, since his heart had ceased to love with an earthly love. And we shall see himagain in his tent conversing of his destiny with his mother, the silvery goddess, surroundedby the chorus of mermaids. From her lips he will learn that the hour will come when hissword will become the torch of vengeance and by the disposition of fate it will reach inspite of his intent the first of the men of Troy. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; And we shall see the man Ajax whose knightly conscience will not let him sleep trou- bled by the inactivity of Pelides, who, awakened in soul appeared as a demi-god amidstall the Danai. Near his tent plays the flutist struck with insanity, the enemy of Apollo,Marsyas who awakens in him the mad soul of a man-knight by the melody of his songswhose charm, dulled by day, blossoms only in the night. And about his tent stirs the girlcalled Night, the daughter of a fisher. She lives with her father who has no hut, her familysleep in swaths amongst the grass and herbs on the bank; every night she comes to histent stepping noiselessly, since the sand on the shore stifles the tapping of her clogs. Noticedby Ajax she says she knew the moment would come when he would perceive her, for sucha moment had to come, but she knew too that then his tranquillity would perish. Andwhen the amorous knight asks if she can remain near him she replies mysteriously " Ishall remain&amp; And we shall hear the fearful scream of mad Cassandra and the moans of Laocoon who,empoisoned with the venom of serpents, will himself become the serpent and on the ruinsof Troy will pasture his vengeance. And we shall see Paris Priamide on the walls of Ilionreceiving in his arms Aphrodite the Queen of the Seas, who descends to him on a moon- beam in a mantle of twinkling stars. And we shall see Hector on whose dwelling anxietyfor the Nation has crouched, taking leave of his wife, humming to the child in the cradlea lullaby of the beautiful shepherd and three maids. A whole string of battles will showthemselves to us among which the most sanguinary will be that in which Achilles willvanquish Hector his equal in strength and destiny, so that the decrees of predestinationmight be accomplished.&amp; After this combat the soul of the demigod will thirst for that moment when, having castoff its earthly shell, it will fly away to the Land of Delivrance. And a chariot will comefor him driven by Pallas in black armour with lowered vizier and silver aegis. Achilleswith the luminous whirl before his eyes will step into the chariot which the unbridledcoursers will bear away and shatter on the flaming stake of the body of Patroclus. Weshall see last of all Ilion, cursed by Poseidon, taken by the strategies of Odysseus. Thecunning king of Ithaca, who has succeeded in persuading the Trojans to bathe the horses ofthe god of the ocean in the sea to obtain his pardon, dressed in the Medean way andfeigning Poseiden will enter the castle gate on a wooden poney; the trunk of which is sup- ported on braces, and, prancing about on his own feet, chases the festal crowd with atrident, (i) Behind him will march the army of Achaei disguised as the suite of Poseidonand will attack the stupified mob with swords. Amidst the lively piping of the flutes the(1) The idea of this scene was supplied to Wyspianski by the spectacle preserved until today, of the Living Theatre inCracow: Lej konlk " the Poney of the Chase celebrated in remembrance of the repulse of the Tartar attack. cry of mad Cassandra will pierce the air, 44 Oh Laocoon, the prophecy is accomplished! "And on to the embers of Troy will descend on a moonbeam, in a garment of stars, Aphroditeand Helen. The four-act drama " Acropolis " terminating with a 44 great prophecy ", the dramaticcycle lauding former Glory and Might, unites in itself symbolical legends of Greece (pagan)with those of Poland, (Christian) . The scene of action is Wawel on the great night of theResurrection, Holy Saturday. The Wawel Cathedral empty. They are gone, who sang songshere of Rome, prostrating themselves before the altar coffin; who, to the flickering of thetapers on the altar stones read words prophesying that 44 this night the spirit is to betranformed, he is to come who had promised to save the world, he is to rise and live again."The hammers of the clock strike midnight and the Charms begin. The silver angels whosupported God's bugbear,, the coffin of St Stanislas, awake, and deposing their sacred bur- den on the altar table unfold their wings whose feathers ring and rustle, and the rattlingscarecrows grow, and stroke and caress their feathers." From the marble sarcophogi descendwhite figures yearning for the New Life. Wawel changes into Ilion, since from the gobelinsspread over the Cathedral walls float in faded garments the Trojan dramatic personae". Nearthe Wawel donjons on the breastworks are sitting mailed watchmen leaning their heads onsabres, on cruel staves, and call the sonorous watchword to each other. In the town deepnight. Silence. The waves of Scamander-Vistula ripple, sparkle. The elders, Priam andHecuba, seat themselves near the gate to listen to the music of the bells and clocks ofCracow that sing the praises of divers epochs. The Wawel clocks hammer out the names ofkings, bells from the steeple of 44 Our Lady of Cracow " sing canticles to the Mother of Godand the trumpeter in the tower accompanies them with a morning song, the conventprayer- bells call the monks to matins and from the labyrinths of dwellings gathered atthe foot of Wawel steals the song of a maiden and of the lute player watching under herlattice. From afar can be heard the ill-boding cry of Apollo's prophetess above whom hovercrows in mournful flight, accompanying her with their cawing.Meanwhile, on the steps leading to the cathedral, in the extinct rich garments of thegobelins a new spectacle is being performed; the instructive 44 Historia Jacobi". And whenthe hour of three will strike on the historical castle clock, the King Harper David, all ingold, will descend from the summit of the organ loft on to the church pavement and willbegin to sing a psalmody in praise of the sun and resurrection. And then Night, with hercortege extinguishing the stars on their mantles, will sink into the earth; the rose-windowswill redden with the sunrise and Aurora will announce to the harper that a multitude hasassembled on the banks of Jordun-Vistula awaiting his chant. Through the iron gate canbe heard the chorus of the people calling to the harper. The Harper sings. He raises himselfin the air to where, in the choir, resounds the orchestra of golden angels. His head andharp flame with the dawn. Salvator on the summit of the High Altar rises again. Themoaning crash of the shattered metal of the silver coffin is to be heard from the altar ofSt Stanislas, from whence will drive up in a golden chariot drawn by four white chargers,Apollo. Thunder.... Light. &amp;44 The November Night" in ten 44 dramatic scenes " comprises events that took place inWarsaw on the 29th November 1830. On that night the Polish insurrection broke out withthe aim of casting off Russian bondage. On that night the spirit of the nation awoke andthirsted for revenge 44 for the shame for years of slavery, for years, for years of tears " .Wyspianski following the ground and chronology of occurrences, represents in the tenscenes the different modes in which the Idea of Liberty acted on the minds of the crowdand its leaders. &amp;In the first Scene the scenery represents a corridor in the Cadet School. Evening. Night.Void. The green of the moon falls through the broad window. A murmur floats from theneighbouring park where the white stone monument of the king-hero stands. The watch iswalking somewhere; their steps are to be heard. All at once the floor opens wide. PallasAthene appears. 44 A casque of red brass covers her countenance and her eyes burn in thevizier; her garment gleams with the reflection of the moon; in one hand she wields silveryAegis rattling with living serpents, in the other a lance which she drives into the earth.Amidst thunder and lightning she summons the victorious spirits from Marathon, Salamina,Thermopylae. Hardly has she uttered the words of conjuration when already a troupe of fleet goddesses flies towards her, surrounding her in a winged circle. And among them isthe haughty Nike of Phidias, a giantess, who is here called the Nike of Napoleonidae. Andhere too is the Nike from Cheronaca; she has entered here, pale, her mouth drawn. A blackveil floats from her head. Her crape garments have absorbed the odour of the cemetery.She carries fir wreaths which she throws to the ground. She now clasps her handsin despair, now raises them tragically above her head, continually repeating one word,44 Woe!" And Pallas calls them all to eagle flight allotting to each a particular mission.For today Poland is going to fight against the Czar. Ares has already flown from the gatesof Olympia, has fallen like a storm on the town, and now rushes through it on horsebackshouting and exciting to revolt. Then the chorus of obedient goddesses runs off to soundthe tocsin for vengeance, to awaken, flying over the town with that one cry, 44 To arms ! I "Now Pallas, through the lips of Peter Wysocki to whom she whispers words of fire, willcall the chorus of cadets, his pupils, to the fight and she herself will march at its head tothe town standing in the incendiary glow calling 44 To arms! 11"Scene 2 will show us the drawingroom of the Grand Duke at Belvedere. Through thewindows is to be seen the park and in the distance near the pond the monument of awhite rider, who seems to menace the inhabitants of the palace with his sword. Night. Onthe panes flit shadows, as though some people were wandering in the garden. The howlingof the wind outside can be heard and the crackling of dried twigs. Alarm creeps into thesoul of the Grand Duke. The November Night. For November is a dangerous month forPoland since then the soul can come among the living and associate with them. The soulof Joan, a Pole, the wife and lover of the Grand Duke, is overcome by strange forebodings.In her dreams she sees the Grand Duke in the madness of Ares, crushing the power of theCzar his brother, and putting himself at the head of his brethren. The November Night. &amp;In Scene 3 in the park under the white monument of King Sobieski sixteen youths areawaiting the arrival of their companions with whom they are to attack Belvedere. 44 Thewind blows and the garden sobs quietly after each murmur of the leaves.... a shining frosthas sprinkled the branches and the thick veil of fog becomes denser and denser.... Thegarden talks.... The youthful heroes are plunged in painful meditation; and now, to themelodious murmur of the trees the monument rises in a flood of light, rises in his stirrupsand points to the Palace as though giving them the word of command. Those are shadowsof trees 0n1y... and again to the melodious murmur of the trees come two women and passthrough the ranks of young men; they come slowly, in a hearty embrace. That is Demetertaking leave of her daughter Cora. Rime has already bleached the leaves, therefore themaiden, impelled by a terrible inexorable force, must descend to the underground kingdomof Orcus. She consoles the lamenting mother, who is taking leave of her as though for alleternity, telling her that it is a country 44 where everlasting strengths are interred, thereall life has its existence and is waiting till the dawn will glimmer for it, is waiting till itstime will come to shine forth in all its beauty. 44 Rich are the garners of that realm, for inthem carefully stored is the grain of all fruits. She is the guardian of this grain until thetime will come when the first ice will break. Then rising again for the great feast of seedtime,she brings this treasured grain out into the world, which vivifies with flowers and bearsmanifold fruits. She tells her mother to prepare for that joyful time, when she will returnin an immortal garland, ploughshares, harrows. But that which will live must die todayon this November Night. When sad at this separation but joyous with the secret, she thustakes leave of JDemeter, Isa,rth, Hymen approaches with a Polish peasant wedding cortegebearing torches, and, to the squeaking of the violins and the grumbling of the basses, leadsCora to the lower regions. Demeter is lost into the garden. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;The youths standing under the white monument wake as though from sleep. Cadetsrun up and give the word for the attack on Belvedere. The chorus of youths runs off firsthaving saluted the white king. In the garden again appears the sorrowing mother, Demeter,and summons Hecate mindful of all complaints and mourning. For she has been wronged.They have ravished and imprisoned her young daughter. They have ravished full life and redu«ced it to the tomb and night. All around is dead, withered, extinguished, faded, the treesbared of raiment, the fruit and flowers all rotted, the earth has become like to a corpse.Hecate comes forth from under the earth bearing two torches and calls to the Eumeni*des. 44 born from drops of blood fallen on the black earth, born from the blood of amur- dered man and therefore weeping bloody tears. " The Eumenides appear. They are alreadylighting their brands, and suddenly, in the brilliancy of the red glow, their eyes shine withdripping blood. On their heads are serpents in coils dragging their brows with pain. Hecateorders them to fly to the war, to fall on the breasts and napes of men and suck the bloodfrom their hearts, for the earth has moaned her plaint, "wronged, wronged!!!" The eume- nides run about the garden. The serpent coils on their heads hiss. Hecate disappears.jst Scene 4 represents the attack on Belvedere, unsuccessful on account of the flight of theGrand duke.Scene 5 takes place in the " Variety Theatre " . About the stage of the little theatredecorated for the vaudeville with song which is being performed, wander lively deities ofderision, Satyrs in costumes of the supers of the ballet. The uninvited guests disturb theaction of the piece by their episodes, imitating the Grand Duke with his adjutant, singingrevolutionary songs in chorus, prompting the actors with words not included in the textand uncensurable.The despairing stage manager who had carelessly stepped on to the flap trap disappearsunder the stage at a sign from a satyr. The Satyrs appear in the auditory, tempting andtormenting the consciences of the public, who does not know what to think of such a strangespectacle. In the midst of this consternation the Nike of Napaleonidae rushes into theauditorium from the street, announces the outbreak of the insurrection and clears the theatrewith the words of Adrienne Lecouvreur; " G0... Let the doors of this hall be closed andancient arrangements take their place!"&amp; In Scene 6 we enter into the apartment of the historian Lelewel, who watches besidehis agonising father and refuses help to his friends in revolutionary work. But as soonhowever, as Caducifer Hermes will lead off the phantom of his father, the savant willlisten with beating heart to the Nike from Cheronea and to the voice of the drums outsidethe windows.js/ In Scene 7 before our eyes march the battalions of the insurgents over whom with theswiftness of the wind flies Ares with a cortege of winged Nikes. The frenzy of Ares seizesthe soldiers who follow blindly in his lead unheeding the counsels of Pallas. The stagebecomes covered with corpses. Along the walls steal in Caerae, carrion spirits who castthemselves on the slain, bend over them and suck their blood. In Scene 8 the action istransported to the Palace. The scenery represents the vestibule with a colonnade. Witheredshrubs and cypresses. The chorus of the goddesses of victory lead in Ares as Triumpher. Theydivest him of his bloody armour, present to him a goblet with wine and light thanksgivingincense in tripods.^Ares, struck by the dart which the statue of Eros flings at him, feels an influx of love inhis heart. The goddesses singing a bridal song lead up to him from the depth of the palacethe dream-sick Joan clothed in a large white veil and a white starry dress. Joan yields to thedreamed-of god and allows him to lead her towards the palace door. In the doorway, however,she halts, looking at the Goddesses of Victory who are folding their wings and layingthemselves down to sleep in the vestibule of the palace, placing under their heads wreathstriumph. Joan's brow darkens with trouble. This means they will fight no longer! " Thatis wrong " she whispers. In the vestibule of the palace appears Queen Cora. Her suitehands her golden keys with which she locks all human hearts and souls in this Novembernight until the time when, on the ground fructified with Polish blood, she will appear, theImmortal Spring with a star on her brow, resuscitating from shed blood new sons for theFatherland. " One day will come again that time " says she turning to the sleeping Nike,when Pallas will summon you and pay you the debt of victory. Remember the words. " Sayingwhich she locks the door of the palace into the gloom of which Ates had entered with Joan.And the children of Aeolus murmur in the rustle of the trees, " Queen... Queen... Queen."Scene 9 passes in the same park near the lake. On the ait separated from the bank bya narrow ribbon of water rises the ancient Greek theatre of his Majesty Stanislas August.Above the water in a podium is the stage on which in the rays of the moon loom the ro»manesque ruins of a temple. Opposite the stage on the shore is a semicircle of stone forthe guests. Midnight. On the steps of the theatre are seated in company those who fell inwarlike deed and are waiting for the time when, by the orders of the chosen immortals,they will sail to the kingdom of shadows. Amongst them are enemies and traitors to the country whose souls are consumed by one only torture; fear that the tears of that Nationwill weigh down the balance of the judgement when they will stand before God's tribunal.Their plaints are interrupted by the entrance of Pallas who summons them to the fightwhich will terminate at day-break in victory. There in the distance on the other side ofthe crystal waters in the white palace Ares is revelling, bound by the fetters of love. In amoment he will arrive here and lead them to the bloody conflict. Pallas nevertheless shakesher aegis in vain* the knights pay no heed to its call, they are waiting only for peace.Instead of Ares comes Hermes having shaken his caduceus, tranquillised the whole world inrevolt and announced death.The messenger of the Immortals inclines his sceptre over Pallas and bids her retire, sinceshe has already achieved her work by running to inflame the people. The town is consumedby fire. Ares received his tribute, but although he did not bear off complete victory yet hetriumphs, inebriated with only a part, imprisoned in the white palace until the terribledawn will awaken him when he will recognise his mistake. Pallas by the will of Zeus hasto fly away with the cortege of winged goddesses. The people that had risen this nightwill now fight deprived of her protection, abandoned to its own strength, and of this waronly vain-glory will remain to it. &amp;From the direction of the white palace run up Nikes whom, in the vestibule of the pa- lace, sleep had overcome with fallacious dreams of victory, and will fly away from thisearth with Pallas toward the summit snows of Hymettus for Zeus has bid them abandonthe matter. Ending are the charms of night. Livid fogs float from the fields. Charon's barksails up from afar into which the Chorus of the fallen enters. Hermes, its leader, raises hiscaduceus over its heads. The boat sails away. &amp; &amp;&amp; Scene 10. The November night's dream is ended. An Autumn morning. In the fieldsRussian squadrons are standing at attention under the leadership of the escaped GrandDuke. A guard lead in one of those Polish Prometheuses of whom so many sleep underthe white graves of Siberia, the dangerous conspirator Valerian Lukasinki, blinded inRussian prisons, in tatters, fetters on his hands and feet. The soldiers at the command ofthe Grand Duke attach him to a cannon.... At the same moment all the bells sound inuprisen Warsaw. Lukasinski who had been confined in the cellars of Belvedere for someyears feels that long desired moment of liberty has already arrived 44 He has felt that his44 brethren had soared like eagles; he has felt that the striking bells bring the glorious" news that they had risen heroes. " From his heart bursts forth in joyful sobbing the he- roic prayer, 44 Perseverance! Oh God, grant them perseverance, let not their strength be44 wasted. Let cruel pain be my bed and my life one torture. Let them drag me, let them44 drag me, let them fetter me in the cellars, let vultures devour my body if only those44 brethren who are ringing in Warsaw gain the victory in the fight. " He stretches out hishands before him and listens; he feels every breath of air and his face changes, his soul isin ecstasy, he guesses the accomplished work, his cheeks flame with joy and he murmursand the words hardly come forth, he sobs a secret prayer. The bells ring a hymn of insur- rection.... Above Lukasinski's head the sun rises in a warm aureole which the blind martyrgreets in the words of Mickiewicz's 44 Ode to Youth; " Hail to thee, dawn of Liberty.... afterthee appears the Sun of redemption ". (i) On the Grand Duke's command the army moves*End of the drama.Of the cycle of dramas woven on the ground of contemporary life the three-act dramaunder the title 44 The Wedding " stands out well to the front. The scene of action is Novemberin the year 1900 in the village at the house of a painter married to a peasant and in whch isbeing celebrated the brilliant wedding of the Poet with the younger sister of the Good-wife.44 Scenery, A November Night. The parlour. The chamber, washed in one greyish tone of44 light blue embracing both effects and the people who will pass through it. Through an open44 door at side leading towards the passage is to be heard a lively wedding feast, the buz- -44 zing of basses, the squeaking of the fiddles, the refractory clarnet, the shouts of peasants,44 men and women, and, deadening all notes, the melodious rustle of dresses and that of44 the boots of the dancers who are turning^there in a compact mass to the time of some44 song losing itself in the bustle.... And the whole attention of the personnages who will44 pass through this chamber-stage will be directed there; they will look continually there(1) This scene is played in pantomime * 44 at this dance to a Polish strain.... whirling round the room in the half light of a small lamp,44 a dance of colours, dazzling ribbons, peacock feathers, white coats and bright scarlet44 caftans, our contemporary village Poland of today. And in the wall at back: a door leading44 to the alcove, where is the goodman and wife's bed, a cradle and children sleeping in44 their beds, with holy pictures above them in rows. On the other side of the room; a window44 covered with a white muslin curtain, above the window a harvest feast wreath of corn ears;44 outside the window it is dark, black; outside the window the orchard and in it shivers44 in rain and frost the rose-bush wrapped up in straw, covered with its winter shelter." (i)About this room, like on the little 44 Crib " stage, move in couples figures of contemporaryPoland, both town and village, inebriated by the yearning melody of the ditty ringing allthe time there behind the scenes; they rock their souls to its rhythm, they speak and singto its rhythm. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; The Wedding. Almost an historical fact. The fraternizing of two worlds unknown to eachother. The fraternizing of gentlemen with peasants, with those peasants who through wholeages, 44 adstricti glebae " with their own backs under the steward's rod ploughed the ma- ster's land; who, in the year 1784, armed only with scythes and blessed scapulars, rushedoff to the fight when the Country began to perish, under the leadership of the ChieftainTadensz Kosciuszko clothed in their simple dress; who, in the year 1846, having snatchedup their flails and forks, rushed off to the bloody butchery of the masters. The meetingof the peasants with the masters,... with those masters who but yesterday tortured themin their donjons; who today, contemplating them in their garb, their sincere, primitive andwide gestures, listening to their speech resounding some wondrous Slav might, have comehere for this one night to chatter with them, so as afterwards.... to be moved. Almost anhistorical fact. The date of that Wedding will be immortalised on the pages of new history.It reminds one of the Constitution of the 3rd of May in the year 1791. It reminds one of thenational seer Count Sigismond Krasinski; 44 There is only one great miracle;... Polish nobleswith Polish people III!"The melancholy ditty behind the scenes rings continuously. Melancholy descends intothe souls of the painters, poets, journalists, literary men, dancing round with the comelybridesmaids. Melancholy steals into the little hearts of the romanesque young ladies turninground and round embraced by the strong arms of the bridesmen. What history could notaccomplish was accomplished by the wedding of a noble with a peasant maid. These twoworlds, unknown to each other, in this enchanted dance 44 to a.... Polish strain " Ergo; anhistorical fact.The melancholy ditty rings eontinuously behind the scenes. To its time the consciencesof the gentlemen from the town awaken, to its time regret for historic sins awakens, thesentiment is awakened for which there is no name in any other European language;"Trsknota", (44 yearning" approaches it in English, 44 sehnsucht "in German.) They aredancing, Hamletising Manfreds, Manfredising Pantasios... They are dancing, Epigoni, in ar- tificial excitement seeking in vain the weapons at their sides. A Magic November Night*The hut is completely poetized... Artists with portfolios and geniuses without them areweaving on this poetic theme some poetic projects, which tomorrow perhaps, after thissleepless night will be immortalised in polite literature, or of which tomorrow perhapsnot a vestige will remain.At the instigation of a romanesque young lady the inn keeper's well-educated daughterwho has come here in a black dress and enveloped in a black scarf to see the true tales*the dreamy Poet together with his friend and colleague of the pen the Bridegroom, andthe Bride invite new guests to the wedding, all of those 44 unfortunate tortured in hell,whose souls are tormented in fear and long for the delivrance " that they come to enjoythis kind caressing music and then like smoke to disperse. £/The odd idea comes to the Bridegroom, who would like to invite the whole world to hisnuptials, of inviting to the wedding the man of straw with which the rose-bush in thegarden before the house is enveloped. (1) Let him come to rejoice with them all at thefeast and bring with him whomsoever he chooses.... A November Night. On such a nightthe spirits come forth from the graves and fraternize with the living. Midnight strikes. Thestraw scare-crow rolls on to the stage and in a sepulchral voice announces that many guests(1) The straw covering with which the rose bushes are enveloped for the Winter is called in Poland " Chochol" ( man of straw ) and thisWyspianski brings as a personage into his drama. will come here, that whosoever anyone sees in his dreams, that will appear to him at thewedding.&amp; And now appear these dream people, seen only by those in whose souls they were bornunder the influence of the melody played behind the scenes, &amp;&amp; First of all there appears to a village maiden, whom a young gentleman had rejectedyears before, the corpse of her betrothed. He has been lured here by this well-known heartymusic, and thus he rises from the grave which had been dug for him in a foreign land andhe has come here to dance, once around, once around, only with her, for afterwards he mustgo. And the maiden dances with him to the time of the monotonous ditty, but when shefeels the cold emitted by his mouth and the damp touch of his hands she tears from himwith a terrible scream. The corpse goes out.% *To the Journalist the famous jester of King Sigismund the Old shows himself in redclothes sewn with bells in that meditation over the fortunes of his country just as theMaster John Matejko had painted him, and hands him with words teeming with irony, hisfool's sceptre.&amp; The Poet, who arranges in his thoughts some 44 drama, horrible, pompous, gliding as aPolonaise" is seized by the hand of the Black Knight who wishes to take him with him asa prisoner, he Glory and Might.&amp; The Bridegroom is struck with awe by the ghost of the Hetman who, because he hadsold Poland to Russia for red ducats, wanders a hundred years already by night about theforests, and scatters broadcast the money that turns into his palms, and behind whomrushes a chorus of devils in Muscovite uniform from the times of Catherine 11, suckinghis blood and adding fresh ducats burning with hell fire. &amp;&amp; To the old Beggar, who still, remembers perfectly well that massacre in the year 1846and like the ill-omened raven croaks predictions to this sentimental fraternisation of thenobles with the people, appears the famous leader of that massacre, who for Austrian moneymurdered the nobility, decorated with government orders of merit, in a blood-stained coatwith blood in clots on his hair and hands. The ghost asks the Beggar to give him a pailof water because he wishes to wash away the blood so as to present himself worthily asa mediator at the wedding; he is afraid, however, that the bloody stain will not leavehis brow.The last phantom shows itself in the end. To the Goodman-noble who, having settledhere in the village has gained the respect and hearts of the people, arrives for hospitalitythe old Lyrist about whom many legends circulate in Poland, Vernyhora. A giant, ahoary old man in a flame-coloured mantle with the magic lyre at his girdle, on a whitegold-shod charger, comes from afar with the Command. Vernyhora orders the Goodman to send forth edicts before dawn to the four cornersof the world, and that he himself is to gather the people before the church, having greet- ed them with the Word of God, after which they are all to kneel down and in concentra- tion of soul are to listen whether the clatter of hoofs is not yet to be heard in the direc- tion of Cracow, if He is not yet arriving with the Archangel. As a sign of the covenanthe gives him a Golden Horn with which to summon the brotherly assembly; 44 at its chivalrousvoice the Soul will become powerful but by its golden sound the whole movement will bemarred ". The Goodman swears on his soul that all this shall be accomplished and imme- diately sends forth his confidential farm hand, the Brideman, with the message he is tospread to the four corners of the earth, with the watchword agreed upon formerly 44 onhearing which they are all to stand before dawn, armed, before the church; afterwards hebids him return here, and on this Golden Horn to sound a blast; 44 then the Soul will soincrease as it had not done for a hundred years; " he commands him, however, not tolisten to the temptation of the Devil, not to stoop for anything 011 the way for he mightlose Vernyhora's gift. The Bridesman runs off, but all the same he will turn back and,bending, will raise his cap decked with peacock feathers which had been thrown on the floor.The excited Goodman on whom this mission has fallen like a bolt from heaven, prepareshimself for sleep. Before dawn he is awakened by the peasants who at his summons havecome here with their scythes so as to go with him to the fight, like in the year 1764. Butthe Goodman is surprised at all this... he recollects nothing. At last when above Wawelappears Bloody Dawn, when in the air some secret songs are to be heard, when the whole field near Cracow will become peopled with peasantry armed with scythes, when in the skysome cloudy army will fly by, he will come to himself, and spread the tidings of the Mysteryof that past night. One must listen with the whole strength of soul, strain the hearing,for in a moment will come He, Vernyhora, with the Archangel, and will bless the fieldcovered with kneeling people with his lyre.&amp; Day breaks. All remembering the dreams of the past night kneel inclined towards the doorsand window and in deep silence listen with intentness 44 grasping strongly in their hands,44 some scythes, some antique swords snatched from the walls; others again, flints and44 pistols. They listen speechless as though having fallen into an ecstasy of soul, their hands44 to their ears, and really for some minutes one has heard trampling which becomes44 near, nearer and nearer;-it suddenly ceases-after a moment, heavy, quick, vehement steps44 are to be heard in the passage, in the second room, until in the doorway at the back44 stands the first Bridesman, behind whom, in his steps, enters rolling the monster, theMan of Straw.The Bridesman as though stupified gazes at the charmed hut in sleep, awakens them allbut they hear him not. He remembers that he was to sound a blast from the Qolden Hornbut seeks about him in vain for it: it is lost somewhere only the cord has remained,twisted around his neck. The Man of straw in a taunting whisper reminds him that, undera calvary at the cross-roads, where ghosts startle the passers by, the wind had swept fromhis head the superb red cap with peacock feathers of which he had been so proud, and thatwhen he stooped for it he had lost the Qolden Horn. 44 The affrighted Bridesman runsthrough the side door forcing his way through the motionless group. The thud of his stepsis to be heard in the passage, now he stops, then runs on further. The Man of Straw rocksalong in his tracks rustling the straw as he rubs against the people. From the orchard,from the fields, in a light of sapphire that comes like a blue glow, the peep-of-day war- bling of the birds penetrates; the blue light fills the chamber with a Charm and playsin colours over the people, bent in half-sleep in half-ecstasy. Through the door at the backthe Bridesman returns, looks around and cannot believe his eyes, tottering more andmore with terror". £? &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;The wedding company is all the time plunged in the charmed dream-sleep of listening,their brows are furrowed with wrinkles, their faces have paled. How deliver them fromtheir sufferings ? &amp;The Man of Straw who had again entered behind the Bridesman had clambered on to theirbrilliantly painted coffer and now advises him in a funereal voice to describe rings on theirforeheads, take the scythes and weapons from their hands and throw them somewhere intoa corner, that he join their hands for dancing and the Fear and Sadness will leave themand they will forget their wounds. And he himself will play for the dance they will dancethe whole year.The Bridesman executes these things in the twinkling of an eye, and the enchanted strawbug-bear, having seized in his unwieldy paws two simple sticks that the Bridesman handsto him, begins to play with them, imitating the movements of a violinist, and 44 music is44 to be heard as though coming from the blue atmosphere, wedding music, soft yet hopping44 drawing hearts and lulling souls, languid, faint, yet living as a spring of blood, beating" unevenly to time in the pulses of the dances, bleeding like a fresh wound:... melodious44 sound brought forth from Polish soil in pain and delight." &amp;The Bridesman is now pleased and marvels. And when the Man of Straw shouts to him,44 dance; the whole puppet show is dancing " he touches his head as though to push jauntilyover one ear his cap decked with feathers of Peacock Pride; but he remembers he has lostit somewhere on the road. Then the Man of Straw sings him montonously a jeering ditty,rocking to its time: 44 Boor thou hadst a golden horn,44 Boor thou hadst a feathered cap:44 Cap by wind is taken,44 Horn halloos in braken,~ Nothing hast thou but the cord,44 Nothing hast thou but the cord ".The cock crows. The Bridesman as though struck comes to himself and in a voice hoarse from shouting calls to the dancers to seize their arms with all speed and rush to thecastle of Wawel.. But no one hears him as the Man of Straw is playing, 44 and to thestrange sound of the moaning music glide numerous couples, in slow, serious tranquil serene44 dance,so that the stiffly starched outspread skirts hardly murmur, or the long ribbons44 rustle and the spangled head-dresses ring: the heavy boots thud dully. " &amp;The cock again crows. The Bridesman with the remainder of his strength strives toawaken them. In vain. Despair takes away his breath and he is turned to stone by frightand horror. He staggers, bends towards the ground, knocked about by the compact circleof dancers which he vainly tries to sever; and to the dull sound glide stiffly dancing cou- ples in a wedding ring, festal slow, serene. 44 And the mighty Man of Straw sings, 44 Boorthou hadst a golden horn " and with this the drama ends.&amp; Temples serve Truth. Wyspianski's Theatre serves Truth and shows Truth in which hebelieves, in which the actors and public are to believe. Wyspianski's theatre shows Truthin its nakedness without romanesque drapery. Wyspianski's theatre is true because it servesas a mirror to Nature, as a mirror reflecting not only certain of her phenomena but thewhole expanse of phenomena that the flaming fantasy of an artist is capable of embracing.It is not, however, a 44 naturalistic theatre " . By no means. Wyspianski does not natu- ralise the theatre but on the contrary theatralizes nature in an ingenious manner. Thebest proof of this is given by his 44 contemporary dramas " which species, the favourite ofnaturalists, was of their theatre the one pride, the one prop and the one...., weak pointat the same time. Wyspianski's dramas woven on contemporary background may serve asa pattern for how one must stage-symbolize a real fact or a raw anecdote from life, with- out either adding to or taking from its substance. I am thinking here not only of thedramas in which the fantastic element meets visibly with the real (as in 44 Delivrance ",44 The Wedding") but also of those most 44 Greek " dramas, (44 The Curse" and 44 Judges")whose scene of action is exclusively on earthly ground.Wyspianski's theatre serves Truth. That Truth, which manifested itself in the hieraticaltheatre of antiquity and which today only the eye of the clairvoyant Genius can read fromthe Stars.&amp; Wyspianski's theatre however never ceases to be a theatre. Above all, the constructionof his dramas is theatrical, and, incomplete in reading,gain their real expression only in thescenic frame. His favourite form is the drama not divided into Acts but into 44 dramaticscenes " a series of tableaux forming,each one apart a certain whole, closely united neverthe- less with the course of the principal action and harmonising with the fundamental tonalityand colouring of the work. The substance of these single scenes he so encloses in the melodyof mimics that they become a sequence of spectacles in the principal spectacle. He appliesthe same technique also to dramas divided into longer acts, terminating each act with afinale expressed either vocally or musically, striving however in the first place for therounding of it in the gesticulations of the soloists or in the choric groups. &amp;Some have tried to call Wyspianski's dramas pictorial. In my opinion on account oftheir exquisite theatricality they should rather be called in all modesty theatrical.Wyspianski, the initiate of the spirit of the art of the theatre, conscious of its aims andlimits, is concerned only with Action, only with Movement.... its Birth, Development andDeath. In his spectacles the mimic element forms the essential part. We meet with but fewdramas in which so much space would be consecrated as here to mimic art, to choricmanoevres, processions, pantomimes, the dumb play of the soloists or even to completepauses in the action.Wyspianski's pictorial talent expresses itself in its own field. In the theatre Wyspianskiavails himself of other means. He avoids painted cloths as far as possible. He fills the stagewith plastic architecture and animates it with the light which, subject to the logic of hisartism, becomes here an immensely important factor. &amp; &amp; JS&gt; &amp;&amp; One of Wyspianski's merits too is the ennoblng of the vocal element and the justification%of its existence in the theatre. Wyspianski in his dramas operates with theatrical voice andverb. His voice and verb harmonize with the colour of sentiments and in consequence withthe spirit and colouring of the whole drama. Voice and verb are here epigrams on the mimicnotions, and it never happens contrariwise. We never meet here wih pseudo-classic tirade,even in scenes in which actors receive a formidable melic or recitative part to deliver. For Wyspianski composes the partition of his drama not in written verb which only in readinghas to produce an impression, but in the symbol of the 44 living verb " which in delivranceonly obtains its expression. £?Wyspianski owes the strength and virility of his language to popular talk and poetry,preserving the onomatopaeic character of that speech with which the primitive man mighthave served himself, Wyspianski studies this material, transforms it artistically until at lasthe creates for his theatre verb-sound, verb colour, which he uses economically, carefulof the sentimental and mimic substrate on which they must develop themselves logically.Every creative reader of Wyspianski's dramas may convince himself of the pictorial valueof his verb and likewise of its practical significance for the theatre; when representing thedrama in the theatre of his own soul he will find, in the spoken text of the drama indica- tions for complete scenery, for its drawing and colouring. jz/Much has been said of the preponderance of the musical element in his dramas, of histendency for creating musical sensations on the stage. And indeed, the musical elementdoes play a certain part in his dramas. Wyspianski however attaches to it no special distinc- tion but serves himself with it with a view towards calling forth theatrical sensations.Each one of his dramas may be a proof of this since, in almost each of them, this elementappears equipoised with the others and subject to the dramatic idea and action. Above allwe meet it in two dramas, born 44Aus dem Qeiste der Musik": in 44 The Wedding" wherethe whole action is spun on the background of the magic melody of a peasant dance, andin 44 La Varsovienne " in which the song of E. Delavigne played on an old clavichord windsitself slowly through the whole drama with a red thread. We meet it in 44 The Legend "which is filled with solo airs and solo recitations, songs and choral melodeclamations; wemeet it in " Boleslas ", 44 The November Night " 44 Acropolis ", in the antique 44 Greek "dramas and in the dramas most Greek; in the contemporary dramas. &amp; &amp;Wyspianski does not illustrate his dramas with music, he does not stuff the mimic andpoetical text with loose interpolations either symphonic or sung. The musical part on hisstage plays an equal role with the poetical part and is no ornament patched in; it istheatrically and logically justified, is important and necessary. Orchestral and vocal musicWyspianski uses then and then only when the Action demands it. In 44 The Legend " oldharpers sing ballads to the dead king to the strain of those songs of blind beggarswandering about from kermess to kermess and the song and declamation of water gods flowfrom the depths of the waters in the rhyme and rhythm of peasant ditties; in 44 Achilles "Andromaque sings over the infant's cradle a lullaby of the judgement of Paris reminding inits simplicity of popular songs; in like manner he twines song with the action in 44 Boleslasthe Bold", in 44 The Rock", in 44 The November Night ", in 44 The Death of Ophelia", etc,not for the purpose of showing off the actor, not for the pleasure and amusement of thespectator, not to save the spectacle but for the self-same reason which leads him to theuse of the verb.Wyspianski's personages sing and speak only when logical necessity demands it, they singand speak what the people in a given drama may feel, what in the depths of their soulsarranges ltselLto melody hence the musicality of the text. In Wyspianski's dramasNature sings and speaks when action demands it, she speaks in that sincere voice of herswhich is audible only for her contemplators and not for scrutators and artistic imitatorsIn his dramas we neither meet with elaborate diversions nor those symphonic entr'actesnor with tremolo preludes. In Wyspianski's dramas music sounds then only when nature asvisible (impersonified or not) 44 dramatis persona " appears, when act and speak she will Asthe whole orchestra he uses lyres, harps, shepherd flutes, war horns mingled with theclanking of arms, the rustle of the wind, the ripple of the water, the clap of the thunder,and even silence, a fermata placed over the mimic vocal text.&amp; In Wyspianski's dramas either complete silence or interupted by a quiet accompanimentof words or sound rings in the ear of the spectator with that whole orchestra of indefinablemysterious, hardly conscious tones, resounding in the soul of a maid In communion withthe Peace and Silence of nature. For instance, in the tragedy under the title 44 Meleager "the chorus of Elders, which after the announced exposition around the altar of sacrificeafter the hymn in honour of Diana, Moon, (one of the invisible personages of the tragedy)rising In a golden car on the black heavens, becomes silent to drink In the music of the evening:. The Indication In the book edition says " The chorus seats Itself on the steps of" the palace: the music of the evening murmur is to be heard coming from the garden, from" the olives, cypresses and laurels; the leaves on the poplars tremble in a cool beeeze and" rustle; from the fields come the chirps of a swarm of grasshoppers; beetles buzz fluttering" their wings; a flock of bleating goats passes and a shepherd plays on his pipes; in the di- " stance in the ponds frogs throat and croak and the sparks of fireflies chase one another." The nightingale sings for one moment a10ne,.... when it ceases the splash of fountains" in the garden may be recognised.... slowly, the rythmical spell is dulled, troubled, ceases "We have here before us no symphonic intermezzo but a dramatic scene. The goddess whoduring the whole course of the drama acts invisibly behind the scenes holding the threadof human fortunes comes on the stage in the form of the moon. On that moonlit night thewhole of nature resounds with a hymn of praise. On this moonlit night the chorus of Eldersthat had but just sung to Atalanta, Diana's favourite, the skilful and beautiful huntress,accompanies this hymn of the chorus of all being with the silent, dumb song of Its soul.The Goddess acts with the light of her beauty on the groves, on the ponds, and on all exi- stence secreted in them. The Goddess acts on the souls of the chorus to whom the whole ofthis mysterious nocturnal movement appears before its eyes under the influence of thesounds of shepherd flutes. The Goddess acts on the soul of the auditor who is present at thewhole of that mysterious, hidden spectacle, though he sees only the white group of eldershewn as It were out of marble, Inundated as it were with a flood of monthly light, hearsonly the song played on the pipe.^A theatrical sensation... and not a musical. Wyspianskl's drama is theatrical. Wyspianskidoes not strive to create Illusion of life although his theatre is the most faithful mirrorof Life. Each dramatic theme Is for him a new problem of theatrical form, each is a newsolution of it. Wyspianski crushes and destroys the theatricality of the old theatre, butin the art of the theatre he discovers everlasting values which In his individual handlingbecome the elements of a new theatricality. Wyspianski destroys the old theatre whetherit be called romantic or naturalistic. He destrovs it in the name of Truth which he bearsinscribed on his soul like Hamlet or like that fabulous Shakespeare divined by him. In thename of Truth,... not psychological realism nor ideo-realism. That Is another thing The legend. &amp; The Scene. Vanda. &amp; The Lichewake The Kingrevives. &amp; The water folk. A new Leader. A False Dawn* The Maiden-Hero &amp; &amp; Boleslasthe Bold. &amp; The Bishop1 scurse. &amp; The revenge. £? Achilles. &amp; K The chorusof waves. Cassandra. Hector &amp; &amp; The woodenhorse. &amp; &amp; Acropolis. The NovembetNight. Scene Two. Scene Three. Scenes four&amp; five, &amp; Scene six, j® Scene seven, &amp; Scene eight, &amp; Scene nine. Scene ten* The Wedding. Gentlemen andpeasants. A Magic &lt;4 No- vember Night ". £&gt; The man ofStraw. £&gt; Dre aiii'peo pie &amp; Vernyhora• The lost Horn. The Dance. Wyspianski'smirror. TheatricalDramas. &amp; &amp; The MusicalElement. Sounds. Carlyle. Jt is meretorious to insist on forms. Religion and all else naturally clothes itself in forms All substances clothe themselves in forms; but there are suitable true forms, aud thenthere are untrue unsuitable. As the briefest definition one might say, Forms which GREWround a substance, if we rightly understand that, will correspond to the real Natureand purport of it, will be true, good; forms which are consciously jput round a substance,bad. 1 invite you to reflect on this. It distinguishes true from false in Ceremonial Form, earnest solemnity from empty pageant, in all human things. A NOTE ON MARIONETTES by Adolf Furst. 44 We are such stuff as dreams are made of and out little life isrounded hy a sleep". &amp;|f only this were really the truth of men and women I Yet it maybe believed of the Marionettes. They are made of such ideal stuff,far more than we are, and is not their little life one perfect roundof sleep ? £/ &amp;&amp; The race of these dream folk is a small one; but, whether of ragor gold, rich or poor, king or peasant the marionette is always distin- guished, and it is curious to note that he only loses his distinctionwhen allied with a human being. For come across him when he issuspended in his quiet chamber of rest and you will be awed by hisdistinguished manner, but let a human being but touch him and he will act In the most outrageous manner. For these humans even make him copy the actors;they make him behave like a man In the street, whereas if left to himself he will donothing wrong doing nothing.&amp; And It is this doing nothing, this saying nothing, this meaning nothing which raises himto an altitude that is limitless. Not many people have seen these little beings, and veryfew have seen them doing nothing. Those people who have been persuaded for one reasonor another to enter the small theatres where the marionettes are obliged to fret theirhour on the stage, have seen them under great disadvantages for they have seen them asslaves of men who are ignorant of the existence of the Holy Ghost. But of course thereare some who are able to tell us of strange sights they have seen, of strange pleasuresthat they have tasted through Marionettes inspired by artists.... men of spiritual power.These are the travellers who have visited China, Java and India, and even visitors toParis, Vienna and Naples have also had something good to see at one time or another,While In England the vision of Punch and Judy (i) whispers to us of something " once upon atime." But it is those who travel furthest who see more than the rest. It is they who travelIn the imagination and who realise the unlimited possibilities of that Holy Land.In the olden days a marionette performance was called a ' Motion', and this * Motion ,took place in silence. (2) &amp; The * unspoken meanings of the earth' are not to be explained by speech, for as there Isalways that part of nature which can be stated perfectly by words, there must ever remainsome mysteries of nature which can only be expressed by movement. We may take it thatthe Motion is the just and best means of expression for that which lies outside beyondthe province of words.&amp; Dumb show by pantomimists (especially the modern dumb show) is but a negative kindof expression. When you have a voice, to refrain from making good use of it is niggardlyand for twelve people to be wandering about on a stage continually clapping their hands,pointing, waving, struggling to express what we see could be quite simply expressed if theywould but open their mouths, is foolish and no art. You have a mouth; use it. You have avoice ; speak. Are you still a child....have you no voice ?,... then move....play. &amp; The marionette has no voice, though a degenerate public has at times begged that heshall be made to speak. His power and his expression lies in movement. By movement he can tell us of the very things that Shakespeare, with all his words, cannot tell us; and soto manufacture for him a voice is foolish and extravagant.And now a word or two about his construction, for he is, after all, in his private lifejust a little machine.Sometimes he is made of wood and suspended by wires from above. These wires areattached to a short stick which some human machine holds from above: two machines,you see, the one human, the other, when constructed with art-Divine. Some marionettes aresupported from beneath by a rod held by a human manipulator underneath the stage whichis generally a narrow platform. Punch is one of these. In his case the arm of the manipu- lator plays the part of the rod and the fingers move his arms and head. Some marionettesare flat like a piece of cardboard and cut in silhouette. Some have a little more complica- ted mechanism as in the case of the Chinese figures. We must realise that the whole thingis a little matter of a very little mechanism. Pull a string, an arm goes up; anotherstring and it bends, another string, and it comes round. Nowadays a man controls all thisbut might it not perhaps be possible that at a later date we may have these little figuresbrought to so great a mechanical perfection that they may not need the assistance of thathuman machine, manBernardino Baldi, Abbot of Guastalla, who was both poet and geometrician and whowrote of Marionettes in 1589, declares a knowledge of mathematics to be essential to theirconstruction , and the value of such knowledge to both the constructor and the manipu- lator is easy to understand.We are told that in Greece a life sized figure was once made by an artist mechanic insuch away that without assistance if could move its legs and arms and advance upon thebeholders to whom it gave a blessing. This movement was caused by the mercury withwhich it was filled, the inward construction of the figure setting the mercury in motionand this, in its turn, setting in motion the figure; while mention is made of such a figureby Aristotle, who admits that it was the mercury which she contained which gave movementto the famous wooden Venus attributed to Daedolus.Another means of causing the figures to move was by the power of a magnet, of whichwe have an example in the inscription given by Diodore of the ceremonies which tookplace in the temple of Heliopolis. - " When the god wished to deliver his oracle" hetells us, " the statue, which was of gold, moved of itself; if the priests delayed to raiseit on their shoulders it struggled and moved again. When they had taken it and placed iton a litter it led them and obliged them to make several turns. At last the high priestpresented himself before the statue of the god and put to him the questions on which itwas wished to consult him. If Apollon disapproved of the enterprise the statue drew back; ifhe approved of it it pushed its bearers forward as if drawing them with reins. " And headds in conclusion, " the priests having taken the statue on their shoulders it left them onthe ground and raised itself quite alone towards the vault of the temple ". Now there seems no reason why my keen, clever and energetic countrymen, especiallythose who dwell in Berlin, should not soon master these matters of mercury and magnetand produce some figures capable of exquisite, if mechanical, movement. Though even thenthe difficulty would not be ended, for it is one thing to make a piece of mechanism andanother to set it to its right use, and after the mechanism of these figures is made perhapswe shall have to go to France or England to find those who shall know how to extractand conjure some beauty from it all. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;For what artists the young Englishmen are beside the Americans, in so many traits akinto us I By the side of these how an Englishman shines ! Indeed, young England possessesprobably more artists with a more virile and distinguished sense of beauty, nay, with morebrains, than any other western state. &amp;But to glance again most briefly at the history of the Marionette. &amp;Very far back across the centuries may we trace the procession of this silent race totheir remote origin in the figure of the gods in Egypt. For the little figures which it hasbecome the custom to treat as something trivial, perhaps even rather contemptable, a di- version for children only, have a most noble ancestry. To quote Mr Ernest Maindron," They come from far away. They have been the joy of the unnumbered generations" which preceded our own; they have gained, with our direct ancesters, many and brilliant " successes; they have made them laugh but they have also made them think; they have" had eminent protectors; for them celebrated authors have written. At all periods they" have enjoyed a liberty of manners and language which has rendered them dear to the44 people for whom they were made. J® J® J® J® &lt;® &lt;® J®J® Always they have touched on everything, they have directed their shafts at everything;44 art, poetry, politics and religions. More courageous than men, they have often attacked44 the powerful and have sometimes put them to confusion. " J® J® J® J®J® As to their true origin theories may vary. Mr Charies Nodier finds it in 44 the firstdoll put into the hands of a child ", 44 It is impossible ", he asserts. 44 not to recognise thetype of them in that cosmopolitan toy which we call a doll ". But I would rather inclineto the theory put forward by Mr Magnin, in support of which he cites Heroditus and otherancient writers, that the marionettes are descended from those jointed statuettes which,in celebration of the feast of Bacchus, the Egyptian women bore from village to village;and in the figure of Jupitor Ammon which, carried in procession on the shoulders of eightypriests, indicated the route it wished to follow by a movement of the head. j® j®j® That the Egyptians used these moving figures as means of amusement in what we todaycall a theatre we have no evidence, nor does it seem probable. It is true that in miniaturethey were used as toys for children, but their real place was in the religious ceremonies,and it was just in these ceremonies, these silent rites and movements, and not, as wasonce upon a time asserted, in the words of the poets, that the theatre had its birth, beingborn of motion, not of sound. j® j® j® j® j® j® j® j®j® Both in Egypt and Greece many little jointed figures have been found, in *wood, ivoryand terra cotta, the heads set upon a pivot which permitted movement; the limbs jointedthat they might be moved by means of a string, J® J® J® J® J® J®J® In Greece they had evidently been early adopted as a means of entertainment, sinceXenophon relates, in connection with a famous banquet, that among the diversions provi- ded by the host was a Syracusian player of marionettes, J® J® J® J® J®J® The author of the treatise, " de Mundo " treating of these little figures, writes as follows:" The Sovereign master of the universe has not need of numerous ministers nor of compli- " cated means, to direct all the parts of his immense empire; one act of his will suffice him," just as those who control the marionettes have only need to put in motion the head or" hand of these little beings, then their shoulders, their eyes, and sometimes all the parts44 of their bodies, which at once obey with grace and rhythm. " And, as Mr Gordon Craigpoints out, it is just this passivity, obedience and responsiveness which renders the mario- nettes such valuable material for the artist of the theatre, which would make possible thatwhich with the living material of the living actor's body remains impossible, • • • thecreation of a work of art. In a perfomance in which the actors are living persons it isimpossible, however well disciplined they be, that they subdue entirely their own will andpersonality to the will of their director, and thus the unity, the expression of but onewill which is a necessary quality of a work of art, is unattainable. With the marionettes,however, those who direct the movement and the gestures of the little figures of menmade of wood have, as Apulee wrote in the second century, A. D. 44 only to draw the44 string destined to move such and such a limb; immediately one sees the neck bend, the44 head bow, the eyes take vivacity of expression, the hands lend themselves for all the44 offices required; in short, the whole person shows itself graceful and as if alive ". *®In regard to the performances given at Athens in the Theatre of Dronyus we are toldby some authorities that, since the ancient theatres were ill adapted for such a use, akind of second little stage composed of a four sided draped scaffolding was arranged uponthe thymele or orchestra, so constructed as to allow the spectators to see the little actorsbut not the hands which manipulated them, the piece being given without words whilethe story was narrated by one who stood in front. One distinguished authority, however,referring to the celebrated performances given in this theatre by Pothein, opposes the ideathat the figures were small ones and puts forward another theory. 44 I think, " he writes,44 that Pothein presented life-size figures or even larger than life, each of which contained44 a manipulator, and my reason for holding this view is that 1 do not find the Greeks44 lacking in a sense of proportion " Not so unlike Mr Craig's über marionette, this. j® Passing on to the middle ages we find the moving figures have again reverted to their ori- ginal religious character and dwell once more in the churches in the form of Madonnas andcrucifixes, with eyes that turn and limbs that move, and as the actors of the sacred dramaswhich it was customary to perform at the great festivals of the church. The introduction ofthose moving statues into the ceremonies met, however, with vigorous though unsuccessfulopposition on the part of the prelates, and in 1086 we learn that Abbot Hugues of Cluny." refused to ordain a monk who was a mechanician, that is to say, a conjurer and necro- mancer. "&amp; Of the construction of the figures at this period we can find but little information, buta manuscript of the 12th century which formerly existed in the Strasbourg Library and ofwhich miniatures were later reproduced by Ch. Marice Engelhard under the title 44 Hortusdeliciarum 44 were represented two little warriors in full armour, which were caused tofight and move by two manipulators by means of a string crossed in the centre and ofwhich each manipulator holds an end, the action thus being horizontal instead of, as isusual, perpendicular.&amp; In England, as elsewhere, we find the moveable statuettes playing their parts in thechurches, in those dramas and sacred pageants which have ever been the delight of theCatholic Church. Even today the white pigeon which in olden days, coming through anopening in the vault, represented on Whitsunday the descent of the Holy Ghost, has itscounterpart in Florence in the mechanical dove which on Easter Saturday carries the Easterfire from the altar of the cathedral to the 44 carro " set before the wide-open western door.But when the storm of the Reformation swept over England, and Henry VIII In his fightagainst the Pope despoiled the churches, the 44 miraculous " crucifixes, the little figureswhich had performed the Nativity and Passion plays, were destroyed and the new religioncast out as idols what the old religion had sheltered as saints. &amp; Turned out from their altars we find the moving statuettes reappearing in more secularguise as marionettes upon the ordinary stage.Many names have been given to this silent race In different qges and countries.... fora silent people we must remember that they are, their grave eyes and immobile lips havingnothing In common with the squeaky tones which a more trivial age than that which sawtheir birth has insisted on attributing to them.&amp; The title of puppet is perhaps the most ancient in derivation ; coming through theFrench 44 poupee from the Latin pupa. Maumet or mammet as we find them called inFrance has, Mr Maindron tells us, 44 as in our ancient word of marmouset in its originthe sense of an idol 44 but the modern name marionette comes from Marion the man whofirst during the reign of Charles IX Introduced them Into France; while the Italian title ofBurattlni comes from Burattino, a famous manipulator living in 1622.The performances in which they appeared In England seem to have been generally knownby the name of 44 motions " which, signifying 44 a movement" came to be applied to a showof puppets, either automatic or moved by strings; but in Shakespeare' s time we oftenfind the word 44 drollery " used ; meaning a farce played by wooden actors. &amp; &amp;&amp; It is a curious fact worthy of notice that in the bills passed by the Puritans in 1642and 1647, the first for the suspension, the second for the abolition, of theatres, no mentionwas made of marionettes and no measures taken against theni, which seems to afford agood proof that what the reformers objected to was the exposure of the human body onthe stage rather than the mere representation of a drama, a reason which was probablyat the root, even if unconsciously, of much of the pious horror of the stage which even today is felt, though in a modified degree, by many. &amp;The original performances by the marionettes in England and France seem to havebeen in 44 miracles " and 44 mysteries " which were held under the direction of the clergyand confraternities in celebration of the church feasts; but in the middle of the fifteenthcentury we find the figures of the simple old Bible [narratives and the legends of thesaints beginning to give place to the more theological and allegorical personifications ofvices and virtues such as Vanity, Gluttony, False Doctrine, and that most celebratedpersonage, Old Vice, or Old Iniquity, the inseperable companion of the devil of whomtwo centuries later, under the rule of the house of Orange, Punch was born; and aboutthe same time the marionette theatres began to rise to a better social standing, to affordmore luxuries and to offer for the first time seats at varied prices. Indeed, the end of the 17 th century seems to have seen the English puppet theatre at the height both ol itspopularity and its success,In those days, Mr Magnin tells us, 44 all the limbs of these little figures were jointed,and from the top of their heads came out a metal stalk which united all the strings inthe hand of the manipulator", so that it was evidently not until later that Punch andis companions took the form under which we now see them, being worked, not fromabove, but from beneath. &amp;&amp; In the British Museum is to be found the original of a curious advertisement dating backto the days of Queen Anne and announcing Punch as an actor together with John Spen=dall, an ancient and popular performer of moralities. This document runs as follows: (i)&amp; *4 At Crawley's Booth, over against the Crown Tavern in Smithfield, during the time of44 Barrholemew Fair, will be presented a little opera, called the Old Creation of the World;44 yet newly revived ; with the ddition of Noah's Flood; also veral fountain s playing wather44 during the time of the play. The last scene does present Noach end his famfly coming44 out of the Ark, with all the beasts two and two, and all the fowls of the air seen in a44 prospect sitting upon trees; likewise over the ark is seen the Sun rising in a most44 glorious manner; moreover a multitude of Angels will be seen in a double rank ; which44 presents a double prospect, one for the sun, another for a palace, where will be seen six44 Angels ringing of bells. Likewise Machines descend from above, double and treble; with44 Dives rising out of Hell ; and Lazarus seen in Abraham's bosom ; besides several figures44 dancing jiggs, sarabands, and country dances; to the admiration of the spectators; with44 the merry conceits of squire Punch and Sir John Spendall." JZ?&amp; This curious medley was, we are told, 44 completed by an Entertainment of singing and44 dancing with several naked swords, performed by a Child of eight years of age, " &amp;A famous English puppet showman was Martin Powell, who began to distinguish himselfabout this time and continued under the succeeding reigns of George I, George n, George in,and we find in him something of those powers which we look for today in the Artist of theTheatre, since he was not only the author of the pieces which he put on this tiny stage,but also the maker of the puppets, (we hear of his devoting especial care to Punch, whomhe endowed with a moveable jaw) the costumier and the controller of every action, andgesture.The subject of Punch and his fellows is, however, so wide and interesting a one as tocall for a special and seperate study, and the same must be said of that wonderful companyof marionettes which have their homes in the East, in Java, China, Burmah and Japan.To speak of the marionettes once more, therefore, in conclusion, in the general sense.Two of the most salient characteristics which chiefly impress us in them are theirsimplicity and their calm. The gestures which seem so varied, so complicated as tonecessitate the most elaborate mechanism are produced by means amazingly simple, whilea marionette 44 greenroom " between the performances is,...and in this it forms a welcomecontrast to the real theatre,... as tranquil a spot as can be found. Each little figure,strangely human in its repose, hangs upon its nail in the dim light, gazing before it witheyes as inscrutable as those which yet meet ours from under the quiet brows of the godsof Egypt and Etruria. It is their silence, their passionless gaze, their profound indifferencewhich give so supreme a dignity to the frail little bodies tricked out in gauze and tinsel.As in the fallen descendant of a great family some one trait may yet remain to recall anoble origin, so does that impassive gaze, that air of seeing beyond all the transitory andthe accidental, still proclaim for the marionette his kinship with the grave stone imagesof the ancient eastern world. And when, in more than his former dignity and dowered withmore than his former gifts, the puppet returns to our stage in the form of that ÜberMarionette whom Mr Gordon Graig has created, bringing with him his supreme quality,that of perfect obedience to the hand and mind of the master whom he serves as material,with him will come that Renaissance of the Art of the Theatre of which the first hintsare even now beginning to appear. &amp; &amp; &amp; A Motion. &amp; j&amp; Secrets ofmovement. T7ieir history. &amp; Their origin. Their value &amp; Their names. AllegoricalPlays. &amp; An oldadvertisement• Ma rtin Po well • The UeberMarionette. &lt;£? (1) The derivation of these personages from the Pontius Pilate and Judas Iscariot of miracle plays is the merest philological whimsy, Punch isdoubtless the Pulcinella , who makes his appearance about 1600 as a stock figure in the impromptu comedy of Naples. Under other names bistraditions may, for all one knows,go back far beyond the miracle plays to the " Fabulae Atellanae. But the particular drama in which alonehe now takes the stage, although certainly not a miracle play, follows closely upon the traditional lines of the moralities,E. K. Chambers . The Mediaeval Stage,Vol, 2, 159-160, (2) The term "Motion "is not however, confined to puppet-plays, Bacon, Essay XXXVII, uses it of the dumb shows of masquers, and Jonson,"Tale of a Tub", v.l, of Shadow - plays.E. K. Chambers-The Mediaeval Stage,Vol, 2, 158, note. (1) " Sports and Pastimes Strutt. THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUMEOF JULIUS CAESAR by E. W. Godwin. An antique theatre design showing the scenery and costumes as used inVenice in the filteenuh century, (1) prom the Rome of Coriolanus to the Rome of Julius Caesar we leap over four centuries.Those four centuries were crowded with every kind of energy but with very little fine artfor this comes of other parentage, and is not to be had because of energy, be it of consul,dictator or imperator.&amp; Soon after the Commonwealth had been established Rome found herself surroundedby enemies....Etruscan, /Equian, and Volscian. Under Cammillus Furius, censor, after- wards consular tribune and finally dictator, Rome conquered the Etruscan city Veii, and bythis rose to a greater position than she had hitherto assumed. Then came the Gallic invasions,the destruction of the city that Coriolanus and Tarquinus knew, and the long series ofwars which at last, about b. c. 282, ended in the city of Rome dominating all Italy or ratherall Italian cities, for a few Greek cities in the south of Italy still held out. Less than twentyyears after the date last mentioned began the Punic Wars, the first extending from b. c. 264to b. c. 240. The result of which was that the Phoenician city Carthage transferred to Romeher rights in Sicily, and this island became the first Roman province. After twenty threeyears came the second Punic War, and in b. c. 149 began the third Punic War, duringwhich Carthage was destroyed and part of its territory was annexed as a province to RomeMeanwhile, however, war was going on (b. c. 229) with the Greeks on the coast of Illyria,and the first Macedonian war began in b. e. 213. In b. c. 200 came the second Macedonianwar, and in 196 the Greek1 allies of Rome were really her dependents. Still further and furtherdid the city by the Tiber push her conquests until Greece lay almost at her feet, and thethird and fourth Macedonian Wars (b. c. 171-178) ended in the subjection of Macedonia.Then came war with the Achaians; and Corinth was destroyed in b. e. 146. Now followedthe conquest of Western Asia and its annexation, b. c. 133, as a Roman province. Beforethis, and during the Punic Wars, Rome had not only dominated Northern Italy or CisalpineGaul (b. c. 191), and soon after Liguria and Venetia, but had extended her power to Spain,which she had completely dominated by b.c. 133. Then we have the conquests of Mariusffollowed by the social war of b.c. 90, wars in Greece and Asia, and the final success of Sullain the civil war with Marius9 and the salvation of Rome in b. c. 83. Jerusalem was takenby Pompeius in b. c. 63, and what we call the Holy Land was from that time really subjectto Rome. In b.c. 59, Caius Julius Caesar was Consul. In b.c. 60 he went into Gaul. In b.c. 49the civil war between him and his son-in-law. Pompeius, began, and on the defeat of thelatter at Pharsalos Caesar was called Imperator and made Dictator for life. On March 15,b.c. 44, he was killed in the Senate—first, because he was entirely superior as a man tocontemporaries, and second because certain of the senators were envious of him, or to putit more kindly, thought him too ambitious, and feared his use of power would end in abuseof it. It is to the year b.c. 44 that the action of the play of Julius Caesar belongs.Now it was not until the Empire had been founded in the person of Caesar's great- nephew, Caius Julius Caesar Octavianus, who was dignified by the title of Augustus—that is to say not before b.c.27 that anything of great architectural importance happenedto Rome. The Colosseum or Flavian Amphitheatre, the triumphal arches, the heavy rotundaof the Pantheon, the Column of Victory, the Tomb of Hadrian, called the Castle of St Angelo,in fact, the buildings through which the modern mind usually receives its idea of ClassicRome, belong to the Christian era, and are from one hundred to two hundred years latereven than the age of Augustus. Again the fragments in the Forum of the Temples of Mi- nerva (Jupiter Stator), of Saturn (Jupiter Tonas), and Mars Uultor, are later than the timeof Julius Caesar. "Classic" Rome, as we usually understand the phrase, really beginswith the comparatively peaceful reign of Augustus. To his time belongs that bold copyismof Greek work, which has given us the three Roman editions of the Doric, lonic, and Co- rinthian orders or styles. To the Augustan age belongs also that imitation of Greek art, inanother form of expression, made famous by such men as Virgil, Ovid, Horace, and J&lt;ivy.It is true that in Caesar's time we have as writers, besides the great Dictator himself,Cicero and the poets Catullus and JLucretius; but the highest reach of Latin literature is later than Caesar, and the most distinctive, i.e. the least imitative, is, like the architecture,later even than the time of Augustus, Nevertheless, we may be tolerably certain that thedays of Caesai9 Cicero9 and Catullus had an architectural expression of their own, althoughno doubt very inferior to the refinement of Creek art on the one hand or the viguor ofthe later Roman on the other hand. The importation of Greek statues might certainly haveadded to the art furnishing of the city, but the importation of Greek artists must not beallowed to count for much, first, because Greece itself was in its decline, and had no artcomparable with that to which we usually refer as characteristic of the artistic excellenceof the Hellenes; and next because if they had existed they would have felt in Rome muchthe same as the Jews felt long before, when they found the sorrow of their hearts enlargedand their eyes too full to sing to those who had led them away captive the melodies andsongs of their own home. " By the waters of Babylon we sat down and wept9 when weremembered thee9 O Sion9" has been the cry, and must ever be the cry of every human soul inthe heaviness of bondage or banishment. But in saying this I do not by any means wish toimply that the Rome of b,c, 44 had no architecture worthy our attention. There may havebeen a great deal of truth in the saying attributed to Augustus, " I found the city of brickand left it of marble". No doubt the city of b,c, 44 was built mainly of brick, tufa, and wood,and it is quite possible, not to say probable, that the tufo walls lately discovered in the sub- structure of the Flavian amphitheatre are portions of the walls on which Julius Caesar's woodamphitheatre stood. On the the other hand Cicero gave about 30.000f.f0r his house on thePalatine hill. For half a century before this marble had been used, and although L, CraSsushad only a few marble columns, not more than six, and these not more than 17 feet high, inhis house (c. b. c, 95), yet M, Scaurus erected in his atrium black marble columns as muchas 30 feet in height. One who wrote about a hundred years after Caesar's death tells usthat in the great Dictator's time some houses were even lined with slabs of marble. Butit seems these were rather exceptional cases, and that structures even partially built ofmarble were only for the favoured few or the richest of the patricians. The greater partof the city was unquestionably built in narrow and irregular streets lined with houses sohigh that in the time of Augustus a kind of building act was passed restricting the heightof street fronts to 70 feet. These many-storeyed houses were let out in flats at rentsarranged on a sliding scale, as in London and other towns at this day. And we may betolerably sure that these towering tenements were built of wood or brick and roofed withthatch or shingles, for the class of people who dwelt in them were mostly either slaves orpoor citizens living a wretchedly idle and dirty life. &amp; &amp;Now turning to the play, we find there are eighteen scenes, the first eleven architectural,the others the plains of Philippi.The eleven are all laid in Rome, and can easily be reduced to the following six:— 1. A public place (for the whole of Act i.).1, Brutus's orchard (Act ii Sc. 1).3. A room in Caesar's palace (Act ii. Sc. 2).4. Street before the house of Brutus (Act ii Sc. 3 and 4),5. The Capitol (Act iii. Sc. i).6. The Forum (Act iii. Sc 2 and 3, also Act iv. Sc. 1, for there is no reason whythis short scene should not have happened under some public colonnade).This list may be still further reduced by making No. 1 serve also for Act No. 4, so thatpublic external scenes will be limited to two, viz., a public place before the house ofBrutus, and the Forum,&amp; A public place in Rome was laid out (like the streets) in a formal right-angled fashionafter the fire of a, d, 64, before this time the open spaces in front of the public buildingsor the houses of distinguished senators might be either regular or irregular. But what everwere the boundary lines of the space itself there would be an interruption to their conti- nuation wherever houses like that belonging to BRUTUS stood. For here an extra openspace would be added forming a front court to the house which the Romans called thevestibulum and the Greeks npoQvpv. This vestibule was surrounded on three sides by buil- dings, but on the fourth side it was open to the street or public place. In the centre ofthe recessed side or pricipal facade was the front door, opening into what we now impro- perly call the hall, or vestibule, but which was then called the ostium, or janua; that is to say, the place of the doors or opening. The doors were nearly always in pairs, or foldingand thus we find the word for the door itself generally used in the plural—fores. Someimportant doors were so wide as to be made in more than two folds, so that each side wasfolded back twice or more in itself, just like the large Japanese doors are at the presenttime. The wealth of material—of wood and bronze, ivory and silver, tortoiseshell and gold- expended on these doors and door-cases, their great size as compared with modern propor- tions, and the reverence, not to say superstition, with which the threshold was regarded,show us the paramount importance of these features in the exteriors at least of domesticclassic architecture. Passing through the ostium, paved with marble, we enter the realhall, or atrium. In small houses this would amount to nothing more than an inner court- yard, having a tank in the centre, with a shed roof against the four walls as a protectionfrom both sun and rain; but in the mansions of the nobility this courtyard expands into arichly decorated quadrangle, with the impluvium and fountain in the centre; whilst busts,statues, bronze seats and tables, covered with skins or embroideries, ivories and curtainsheavy with gold and crowded with needlework made the shady walks beneath the wide- spreading roofs a very pleasant lounging place after breakfast, as Brutus or Cicero chattedwith their friends, received clients, or snubbed deputations. Beyond the atrium facing theentrance or ostium, was a room called the tabtinum (what we should call an ante room)one side was open to the atrium, and the opposite side to the peristyle, A Passage wayor fauces by its side shows that the tablinum was not used as a common corrider. Theside passage was, no doubt, for the servants, and the large opening for the guests. Beyondthe peristyle another broad opening called oecus9 with its attendant passage, led to thegarden or orchard, so that from the front door to the garden an uninterrupted view, va- ried by beautiful gradations of light and shadow, could be had whenever the curtains ofthe cecus and the tablinum were with-drawn. Round the two courts (the atrium and theperistyle) the various apartments of the house were arranged. &amp; &amp;&amp; Such is the general plan of one of the most important houses in Pompeii, and its lengthfrom the street door to the garden entrance is about 200 feet. 1 see no reason to supposethat the first-class houses of Rome were widely different from this. Granted plenty of landat his disposal, and there is hardly a limit to the number or size of courts or peristyles awealthy Roman aristocrat might desire—and have. There was no lack of size nor of costlyfurniture, no lack of slave-work in tesselated floor and encrusted wall, no want of mostlovely statues from Greece, or textile fabrics from Asia, for every country that had beendominated by Rome, and that possessed artistic work worth having, contributed to makethe houses of Roman nobles all glorious within. But in spite of all this there was reallyno architecture—artistically speaking. And in this sense any one of the buildings of theAthenian Acropolis, Parthenon, Propylaea or Erectheium would have outweighed all Rome.The first scene of the third act is described as laid in the Capitol. Now the Capitoliumproperly so called, was the temple on the Mons Capitolinus—the triple shrine of JUPITERJUNO and MINERVA already referred to in my notes on the play of Coriolanus. (1) The oldEtruscan building of Tarquinius Priscus that CORIOLANUS saw had been burnt downb, c, 83), rebuilt by SULLA and dedicated b, c, 69. Imposing it possibly was not; rich in allsorts of borrowed art it may have been, but we must not confound it with the work ofDOMITIAN, that temple which was 200 feet square, to which 100 steps ascended, whosegates were of bronze, and whose ceilings and tiles were overlaid with gold at a cost of12,000 talents. The temple of the year b,c, 69 was no doubt less sumptuous than its successor;and if we may accept as any evidence the coins of VESPASIAN, it was not much superior,to the Etruscan example. Like the medieval Councils and Parliaments of England, the Senatemet at different places, in accordance with the summons of the Consul. It was in theTemple of Jupiter Stator, on the Palatine, that the Senate met on the important occasionwhen was enacted the great parliamentary scene between CICERO and CATALINE, whichended in the utter discomfiture of the latter. It was in the Capitol—and 1 would ventureto say in the pronaos, otherwise the prodomus of the temple, enclosed by marble screensand thick set with statues, that of POMPEY among others—that the mighty JULIUS fell.But neither this nor the houses or palaces of BRUTUS and C/ESAR can be fairly describedwithout drawings. The Porum of the play is unquestionably the principal one of the city, or the Forum Romanum, the site of which was in the valley between the Capitoline andPalatine hills—an irregular space, one end wider than the other where was placed theplatform from which BRUTUS and ANTONY made their speeches to the people. The wholeenclosure did not cover much more ground than an ordinary cathedral does, and so, thisproving insufficient, CAESAR built another, called the Forum Julium, and after him AU- GUSTUS built a third, but of these we know next to nothing, for the remains which nowexist are those of TRAJAN'S forum (a.d. 98-117). &amp; &amp; &amp;In speaking of the costume of the time of JULIUS CAESAR we must be careful, as withthe architecture, not to confound the distinctively Roman style of the full-blown empire,as shown on sculptured column and triumphal arch, with the transitional style of the laterdays of the Commonwealth. People are far too much in the habit of looking on the stylesof art in Greece and Rome as stagnant, the one represented by her Parthenon, the otherby her Colosseum, which is about as reasonable as it would be to look at the churchof HENRY 111. at Westminster, and forget there was ever a Waltham, a HAROLD, or anEAD WARD- &amp; There can be little question that until the empire was established and the art of foreigncountries not merely looted but brought to bear on Rome with something like a definiteinfluence, in costume as in architecture and other arts, Etruscan tradition still formed thebasis. Real authorities as to the costume of JULIUS C/ESAR are by no means plentiful. 1 tistrue SUETONIUS TRANQUILLUS in his " Vitas Duodecim Csesaeum ", gives usdetail ed descrip- tions of the dress as well as of the persons of JULIUS and OCTAVIUS, but SUETONIUS wrotequite a century and a half after the death of CESAR, and is not so carefully accurate inall other matters as to lead us to place any more reliance on his description of the dressof b. c. 44 than we should on a Daily Telegraph review of the habits and manners ofa.d. 1700. DION CASSIUS shows more discrimination and is more careful of detail; but thenDION is later even than SUETONIUS, for he wrote more than two hundred years after theevents recorded In the play.lt is more than likely that the costumes of the later years ofcommonwealth were not very widely different from those described in my last article. (1) Itmay be that the toga and tunic were fuller than in the true Etruscan examples, and thatthere was less of the Asiatic and more of the Greek in the general toilettes, not only inthe dress but in the mode of wearing the hair, personal ornaments, &amp;c.; but as my nextarticl will be on the play of Antony and Cleopatra, I reserve further comment on the cos- tume of this period. (1) Coriolanus. The historicalperiod. The Age ofAugustus. The city, &amp; The Scenes, &amp; Domesticarchitecture. &amp; The Capitol, (1) Reprinted by permission from " The Architect- " 1875. (1) Reprinted in " The Mask " August 1908. Design for a Stage Scene by Gordon Craig. A NATIONAL THEATRE:ITS ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES. AN INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM. Design for a back cloth for a Stage Scene Reprinted from "The Page" 1900. by Gordon Craig. ince Shakespeare died it is close upon three hundred years.He was a member of a Company called The Queen' s Compa- ny. This Company had a figure head, or patron, the Earl ofLeicester. In 3594 the Earl' s place as patron and licenser wasfilled by one Lord Chamberlain and in 1597 by another LordChamberlain. The Company was then promoted; it becameknown as King' s Players. This company acted in " TheTheatre ", the first English Theatre to be built. &amp;Today all theatres in England are private enterprises. Manyof Shakespeare' s plays have become popular In Englandthrough the instrumentality of the actors ; Betterton, Garrick,Kemble, Kean, Macready, Phelps and Irving assisted by the actresses Sarah Siddons, Helen Faucit and Ellen Terry.These actors have not always found the plays of Shakespeare profitable in a monetarysense but have always been eager to interpret the half dozen celebrated Shakespeareancreations knowing that posterity will applaud the actor whose name is most closely asso- ciated with that of Shakespeare's heroes, &amp;Another cause of Shakespeare's popularity is the " lavish scenic elaboration " withwhich some managers have presented the plays. Of Shakespeare's thirty seven plays twentysix are acted now and again ; eight to ten quite often, and a very few regularly. It is seldomthat London is without one or even two such revivals. But there is no theatre in Englandin which his plays are to be heard all the year round. &amp; &amp; jg? &amp; &amp;&amp; A foreigner coming to England after his first glance at London naturally asks where hecan see a true English interpretation of the great English Dramatist. No one is able toinform him. The productions of Shakespeare are fitful, and their style is not any moreEnglish than German, or American. In short, there is no Shakespersan style; andthe nearest approach to this, (though we are not happy to admit it) is the " resurrection "style attempted by Mr William „Poel, which purposes to place the productions on the stagein the same manner as they were presented in Shakespeare's lifetime.To a foreigner this can only suggest a stage of stagnation. He looks for some decidedyet nobly restrained development based upon the principles hinted at by Shakespeare, buthe does not expect to appreciate the undeveloped amateurism of the resurrectionists. Hereturns to his country and tells them that in England Shakespeare is not seriously treatedon the stage, that the National Drama does not flourish, and the result is that Germanyannexes our Drama.&amp; In 1897 no fewer than nine hundred and thirty performances were given in Germany oftwenty four plays by Shakespeare. In 1898 performances of twenty eight plays reached atotal of eight hundred and ninety five, an average of nearly three Shakespearean represen- tations a day in the German speaking district of Europe. " &amp;And the mere performance of these plays is not the only way in which this spiritedland aims to make up the deficiency which England has created. Germany attempts towin the first place in its manner of representing Shakespeare. To this end it treats thewhole question of " production" as seriously as though life and death depended on it.Patrons are all eager to assist, artists to advise and the theatres to carry out each andevery idea at all original. In this it over-reaches the main object which is to attempt toproduce these Dramas in the most Shakespearean manner, that is, in the most Imaginativeor Poetical way. &amp; &amp; &amp; In England some managers are more Romantic than Poetic, more Inventive than imagi- native; they are clever rather than calm, they present Shakespeare in patches, some floridlybrilliant, others inadequate we see the bare boards through them. Or else they producewith a dull touch, the touch of the Provinces; everything is thought out, nothing left tochance, not even any chance inspiration of a moment. Of the two manners the florid is thebest, and that is impossible for us to take our friends from Paris or Berlin to see.&amp; Will a National Theatre if it is established remedy all this? That is what we want to findout and that is why we have asked the four following questions. We believe that the worldand the stage has not yet understood the main reason which underlies the success or failureof the production of noble Drama; we fear that everyone who replies to these questionswill do so in the belief that it is the State or the Star Actors who hold the key to theTheatre's secret. &amp; We shall see. THE QUESTIONS. I. Do you believe a National Theatre, directed by a Com- mittee, is advantageous to the development of our Artists ?11. Has your experience shown you that the greatest talentis to be found in the National Theatres of Europe, orin the Theatres of private enterprise ?111. Do you think greater advantage would accrue to theState if it supported the independent efforts of individualartists of great talent, rather than a collective and lesstalented body of artists under the control of a Committee ?V. If you had been asked the question thirty years agowould you have voted in favour of the State supportingMadame Bernhardt, Madame Duse, Tommaso Salviniand Henry Irving, or would you have been in favourof the Nation supporting the National Theatre of France,and proposed National Theatres in England and Italy? THE ANSWERS. Willetn Rooyards, •£? Amsterdam.I. I do not believe in any National Theatre, directed by a Committee, as being in anyway advantageous to the development of our artists. &amp; *£? &amp;II. My experience has shown me that the greatest talent is not to be found in any Na- tional Theatre of Europe, but surely in the theatres of private enterprise. If thereis a really great talent in any National Theatre it is nearly always hindered in itsdevelopment by the Committee which directed that body. I except some Geniusesthat are not to be killed.III. I certainly believe that greater advantage will accrue to the State if it support theindividual efforts of individual artists of great talent than by supporting a NationalTheatre that stands under the control of a Committee. &amp;IV. I certainly should have voted in favour of the State supporting such talents as Ma- dame Bernhardt, Madame Duse, Signer Salvinl or Sir Henry Irving instead of the Statesupporting the National Theatre of France, of England or of Italy; supposing Englandand Italy had had National Theatres at that time, if the same question had been askedme thirty years ago. I am sure that our art would have had a greater developmentin the last thirty years If the State had supported the individual efforts of each ofthese well-known artists. &amp; Jan %/aa s s en Emmerich.I. 1 should say that a National Theatre, no matter who directed It, would prove an ad- vantage to everything except itself. &amp;11. For the moment that a nation indulges In a special theatre of its own, the humbugand snobbery of the place acts as an incentive to all the discontented actors; and dis- contented actors are most desirable people They keep things alive wheneverthere is any sign of decay. There would be no discontented actors Sf the frauds werenot in the high places.111. I never knew a state that was clever enough to pick out its artists of great talentfrom the horde of professionals jwho call themselves or get called " artists. " It ison record that two of the most discerning States, Athens and the Florentine Republic,banished two fairly good artists from the land; Euripides and Dante. The former wrotesome good plays and the latter some good "poetry; judging from this it seems hardlylikely that any State today will act as it should towards its nobler children even ifit continue to pamper its incompetent sucklings. &amp;IV. Thirty years ago, had I been an Englishman, I should have voted for your Irving;and if like Chicot in Dumas' novel I could have managed to do a little elegant cheatingI should have recorded my vote twenty times over. I should not have voted for Sal- vinl had I been an Italian for his talent as a stage manager was small. I should cer- tainly not have voted for the adorable Madame Bernhardt or the divine Madame Dusefor I am of the opinion that the director of a stage should not be subject to ner- vousness nor governed by sentiment. ■ .m.n w•* m *■. * . i-w U'Wi'iUl wy H"'U'iPWUIJ JVil'mWU»■ WW WWW. U WJP WM 'AiTH.9JU. 4 JtWtmJWLMMW-'MH WPBCTCTTOLBJIWiWAaWJ■■HUI-PMWfI-^"WJMWtW-'WW AWM P^Li.M^..^B^graßW.^W-LIM.IJLLBIKJ!iiMIIIII W* ■ "'- ~Percy Mackaye &amp; Windsor, Vermont.1, Believing that the art of the theatre is capable of becoming the highest Influence forcivilization in modern society, I believe that every civilized community, whether natio- nal or municipal, should recognize the fact that the theatre, as an institution, exertsa ceaseless and powerful influence for or against the public good. Instituted upon abasis of private commercial speculation, the theatre tends, I think, naturally to exertinfluences against the public good. The incentives of Its artists, as such, are Inevitablyopposed to the incentives of Its controlling directors, as such. For the former, byself-interest, desire to lead public taste toward higher standards; whereas the latter,by self-interest, desire to cater to public taste according to existing standards whatever they happen to be. Therefore, I believe that every civilized community shouldtake steps to change the basis of the theatre as an institution from Its prevailingbasis of private speculation for money profit to some basis which shall completelyharmonize the incentives of its artists and its controlling directors. Such should bethe basis of a National Theatre. The first essential of such a theatre is, I think,absolute financial independence. Absolute financial independence, however, may bewisely used,or it may be abused. The second great coessential, therefore, is harmo- nious organization : organization adapted permanently to promote the prime object ofsuch financial independence, namely :the development of artists, creative and Inter- pretative. &amp;My answer, then, to this question, is this ; It depends upon the constitutionalpower and personal qualifications of the committee. &amp;A National Theatre, however, would defeat its own ralson d' etre if It should appointa committee opposed to the development of artists. £/ &amp; &amp; &amp;li. My experience does not enable me to answer.111. The alternative suggested should be avoided by an enlightened state. The state shouldseek its own advantage by so organizing the institution of the theatre as toattract and support the co-operative efforts of the most talented artists.IV. Doubtless it is true that all co-operative Institutions of art tend to become sluggishthrough routine. This tendency however, is perennially checked by the schism ofIndividual artists, who revolt from academic restraint, leaven the people with theirspecial genius, and so, by reflex, reinvigorate the supply of the co-operative institutfon. But these individual careers take their essential significance from the fact of thisrevolt... Lucifer rebelled from an established Heaven not from Chaos,... Unhappy the state which possesses no artistic norm, from which individual genius may rebel. Ame- rica artistically to-day is such a state. In France, the Theatre Antoine would lack its vitalsignificance but for the existence of the Theatre Thus the chief functionof a National Theatre is the assertion, by achievement, of standards, which may bechallenged and corrected only by the counter-achievement of great artists. &amp; &amp;My answer, then, to this question, is this: I would have voted to have the statesupport the artists named through the National Theatres named. The fact that noEnglish National Theatre existed to support Henry Irving is an artistic indictment ofEngland, not of a National Theatre per se. &amp; Bernard Shaw &amp; London.I. Yes. The reason that all artists become more or less idiots (in the strict sense of theword) is that they so seldom get that discipline In convincing and consideringother people that a committee affords. Europe is strewn with the wrecks of the bril- liant talents that have been thrown away for want of this social training.11. In the National Theatres, of course. The National Theatres are but a small percentageof all the theatres, and a slightly larger percentage of the greatest talent Is enoughto give them the superiority. But it must be borne in mind that under our commer- cial system no actor who can fill a theatre and manage a theatre for himself is likelyto stay in a National Theatre. Coquelin and Sarah Bernhardt left the but not forartistic reasons. Irving would probably have left an English National Theatre. But thesuperiority remains with the National and quasi National Theatres, including theOpera houses. " The greatest talent " does not include the highest genius, which,as in Wagner's case, can hardly expect an official organ for its revolutionary workc111. The two things are not alternative: why should not the State do both ? In Francenot only is the subsidized ; but M. Lugne Poe enjoys a State subsidy forhis enterprise called L' Oeuvre. That would be impossible If the State had not alreadybegun with what is virtually a National Theatre, and discovered the limitations ofthat method. Not until we have a National Theatre in England will it be possible toget, as an extension of this principle, a subsidy for an individual dramatic artist.IV. I should have voted for the State doing both. If Irving had had State support andpublic responsibility, he could have done work that a concurrent National Theatrewould not have done; and he would at the same time have been compelled by theexample of the National Theatre to treat the works of Shakespeare with some respect.As it was; the only thing the State did for him was to prevent him from producingplays of which the heroes were Mahomet and Robert Emmett. A conditional subsidymight have saved him. Even a committee might have saved him. It was his appallingisolation, his attempt to live on himself and by himself alone, that led to the downfallof his theatre. Anything is better for an artist than the solitary despotism of hisown temperament.Sir H. Beerbohm Tree &amp; London.I. It is good to have a National Theatre so that the Classical repertory may be preserved,It is also a recognition of the art of the theatre and therefore desirable. &amp; &amp;11. The most vital art springs, I think, from individual effort.111. Individual artists of outstanding powers rise superior to and independent of thetrammels and shackles of Committees. &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;IV. Take away the struggle and you lessen the energy of the man. Gordon Craig Florence.I. Do I believe a National Theatre, elected by a Committee, Is advantageous to the deve- iopment of our Artist t &amp; &amp; &amp;I do not. A Committee is often less capable of keeping its temper than an Individual.And the Theatre is as trying to the temper as it was in 400 B. C. in Greece, in 400 A. D. inRome, and in the Middle Ages in Italy. Apollo and Dionysus are still at war in the TheatrePuncinello still fights Roscius and the minstrel squabbles with both; whilst the new actor, the socially immaculate one, threatens to filch with hypocritical hands the verysoul of the Theatre and put it in his pocket* It is well he should not be a social an&amp;t*chist, but to have accidentally washed away his talent with his roguery and vagabondagewas not clever of him.To me there seems to be but one way to save the Theatre from itself: it is to removethe Art out of the Theatre; to transfer it to a place of safety for a certain period; toa university or to a church, and there to await developments. &amp; &amp; &amp;Our artists " are never going to be developed, therefore a Committee cannot forcethem to it* 44 Our artists " are persons to whom it gives quite exceptional delight tosneer at the word 44 culture ** * 44 Our artists " are those actors, actresses, stage managers,scene painters, etc., whose very existence is dependent upon the Theatre remaining*//f-developedThe actors have for centuries had it in their power to preserve noble instead of baseart traditions in the Theatre; they have chosen to preserve the base and therebythey have abdicated all right to act as the real guardians of the institution althoughy they still masquerade as such* It is not so long ago that they laboured side by sideWith the other priests of three noble religions and strove to express by their gift# theprofound truths of which now they make a jest for the sake of a 44 name " and cash.The actors have not been judged rashly after a short trial, and they have but condemnedthemselves. Their retreat from the Holy Land, their ejection or flight from the Churchand their subsequent antagonism to the Church,.... who knows, perhaps, their defeatof the Church ?.... all this justifies a nation in withdrawing its trust from meis whohave failed for so many centuries to withstand the transient material advantages of*fered to them by the mob, and who have been blind to the spiritual and political in- fluence they once exerted* &amp;11. 44 The greatest talent"? Well, 1 suppose the Private Theatres have the best of it* Butfor my part, though I have searched in Europe, I have found but little talent at for the Standard is so low* In one particular theatre of private enterprise I ft&amp;vofound more talent than in all the other theatres of Europe put together. But it is aresult of long training under perfect masters. And the same thing would be the caseif the stage director of this theatre were to obtain control of, let us say, the RoyalOpera in Paris. But he would have to be given a free hand for fifteen years. Thesethings cannot be done in a hurry at the twelfth hour. England is sometimes inclinedto forget this. She sometimes wastes the power and patience of her sons until it isvery late, and they very old and tired, and then when in a difficulty, begs them tosave the situation which she in her arrogance has created. It is too late then. Inorder to establish a serious theatre in London it will take ten years hard up-hill workand then success will only come if some great talent or genius can be found to under- take the task unhampered by intrigue, and loyally assisted by ten or fifteen men ofvery exceptional ability. When a serious and well-organised theatre can be formed,nobler plays will then receive the treatment on the boards which is due to themand dramatists will be encouraged. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;HI. The State, like everything else, has itself to support. It rests with itself to decidewhether a noble and non-commercial Theatre is more beneficial to its health than adegraded and mony-making Theatre; and the difficult task it sets itself is to discernthe difference between a noble Theatre and a claptrap Theatre. The latter class ofTheatre can be observed any day from the comfortable seat of a hansome cab if thedriver is directed to go down Shaftesbury Avenue, the Haymarket, turn down to StJames' Palace, back through Pall Mall into St Martin's Lane and turn down the Strand.The non-commercial Theatre must be imagined. This is not so difficult... with prac- tise, and when once it has been imagined by the artist the State has the power toassist in the realisation of the Dream.IV. To me there is no longer any doubt that when the State decides to support anythingit does so with the best intentions, often with much real success and always with tact.It does not seem to me that the State is always responsible for its mistakes. It actsin such matters as it thinks will lead to the best results for all people. As a rule itweighs all things impartially, it judges without haste, and it acts upon its final judge- ment. And I am sure that if the matter of a State-aided Theatre could be weighedimpartially, and all things relating to it judged with justice, we should have as goodState Theatres as State Ships and State Laws. But it has been well said that Arttakes long to learn and that life is very short, and we have learnt that the wholelifetime of the artist given up unselfishly to the study of a single art is not too Songa time in which to learn some of its most profound truths. It is therefore difficult tosee how holders of the State offices can be expected to devote the same amount oftime to study this art so as to have the requisite knowledge of what kind of theatrea State Theatre should be. If the State decides to interest itself in such matters itseems to me that its representatives should first carefully consider the conclusionsarrived at by the most single-minded professors of the Art of the Theatre. And it is inselecting advisers.... these most single-minded professors... from the Theatrical Professionthat their greatest difficulty lies. Should they choose aas adviser one who has worked allhis life for popularity they will be courting a danger which must be obvious to all whohave studied the Rise and Fall of the Theatre of the Roman Empire. If they decide toaccept the advice of an actor or actress they run even greater risks. Neither can anenthusiastic student of the antique theatre be of assistance to them for he confusesyesterday with today. And a Theatrical Business Director would be unthinkable as anadviser. Those who could give the best advice are often the last to be consulted. Theyare the few independent thinkers in the European Theatre. They may be Russians,Italians, English or Hungarians; it matters but little what nationality they are; theyare faithful sons of the Theatre who have not wasted the talent with which they wereentrusted. In my opinion it is these men who if possible should be invited to tell theState the result of their experience, for they look towards the future of the Theatrewith grave eves, neither hopeless of its present unstable condition, nor indifferent asto its mighty past. There are such men in Moscow; there is one in Budapest; one inHolland, one In America, and possibly one or more in England. Most of these men arethe stage managers of the first Theatres of their country, and it is due to the fact oftheir having served for many years in the position of stage manager which in my opi- nion entitles them to speak with authority on this matter. If they were great dramaticpoets they might be less provided with the necessary experience; if they were greatactors they would be prejudiced ; but being stage directors as well as men of conside- rable culture, they look upon the stage and its poets, actors and other craftsmen asa Father may do upon his Home with its Family. The Stage-manager, provided he is anartist and a serious thinker, is the only man of the Theatre who is unable to find apreference for any one member of this family. He regards all alike. He anticipatesthe future; he is far sighted ; he knows that the Theatre cannot continue long mas- querading as the poor relation of the other arts; he knows that sooner or later theTheatre must cease from depending for its support on the poet, the painter and themusician; he has learnt from Nietzsche the trick which Wagner has played on theTheatre; he has seen through the trick which the painter has tried of late to playupon the Theatre, and he feels that dependence on the poet since the time of Elizabethhas robbed him and his fellows of all initiative, and he is prepared for the tasks bywhich he can gain strength and in the far future win back once more what is his....the Art of the Theatre. This is the thought that stirs the imagination of the stagemanager whose eyes are gravely fixed on the future of the Stage, and though there areonly a handful of such men they have their followers and there are amongst them themost serious men of today. And it is important to bear in mind that this far-sightedvision of the ultimate liberty of the Theatre is necessary to even the most conser- vative of stage managers for as it is only by very slow and cautious steps thatsuch reforms can be effected, yet is it of paramount importance that thosesteps be taken in the right direction; and no one who looks at the Art and theInstitution at close range can perceive the right direction. Only the visionary can do this.To over-estimate the importance of the Art which is today coffined in the Theatrical Cryptis neither my intention nor is it in my power to do so. This Art is as important as anyother Fine Art; it is as important as Music, as Architecture, and it is the complimentof hese two. But the coloured Christmas card culture which in the teeth of common sense and conventional good taste displays its impertinence night after night, yearafter year upon our English Stage and claims the right to be held as artistic, for thisto be judged as a work of art and to receive the distinctions due to a work of art,this the state should attempt to estimate at its true value as quickly as possible. TheState, if it decides to consider the desirability of aiding the Theatre, should not refuseto accept the evidence of that portion of the population which possesses that innateif conventional good taste that despises what is termed the "THEATRICAL," otherwisethe State might live to realise and regret that it had subsidised not a great art but aglaring vulgarity. This is my answer then to your fourth question:... That it is de- sirable that the State support none but the most gifted stage managers if the Statedecides to support the Theatre at all; and that the stage managers 1 allude to must beartists: and that in order to select these Englishmen they should if possible firstconsult a collective International Committee of such artists in order to understandentirely what are the qualifications of an Ideal Stage Director. Martin Harvey London.I. I should pray that the Committee would have nothing whatever to do with the develop- ment of the artists. This should be the care of the producer of the plays or the stagemanager. I myself received infinite advantage from being under the greatest producerand stage manager; viz: Henry Irving. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;11. Alas! I have not sufficient knowledge of the National Theatres of Europe to answeryour question. &amp; &amp;111. 1 most emphatically do: but this is too much to hope for!IV. Thirty years ago I was too young to form an opinion on any subject whatever:but had it been possible I should, as I say in answer to question 3, vote for the Stateassistance of the individual rather than the Theatre. E. F. Spence. London.I. Not if directed by a Committee of human beings.11. My experience is hardly great enough to justify me in speaking. To the best of myknowledge no direct answer can be made to the question. Players of talent are to befound in the National Theatres and also outside. In some, perhaps most cases, theplayer of genius refuses to remain in the National Theatre and endure its system, andmakes sacrifices to gain freedom. As a rule genius hates systems... and creates them.Genius for acting is not necessarily associated with a real love for art: belief in itspower has in some cases led the player to desert the National Theatre and its compa- ratively moderate remuneration for more profitable if perilous private enterprise.Probably the most brilliant period of the player of genius is that which comes almostimmediately after departure from a National Theatre.111. I think the greater advantage would be in supporting the independent effort if theState were able to control the player supported, and force her or him to play dramafor the sake of drama and not merely for the sake of acting. The fact is not suffi- ciently appreciated that many players of genius, or great talent, have an unconsciousantagonism to drama except so far as it is a vehicle for their acting: the chariot ofThespis is generally put before the horse on the stage.The danger to be feared from the establishment of a National Theatre in Englandis that it might become like the Royal Academy ... A home of jobbery and medio- crity and that although if extraordinarily fortunate it might start with an intelligentmanagement it would soon become Reactionary. In the course of time the maxim thathe who pays the piper calls the tune would be applied and the institution would bemanaged for the entertainment of tax payers and not for the development of drama.The tax payer generally prefers the ephemeral to the immortal; the players to theplay, and star dramas by Shakespeare and others would be the staple fare. Yet a Na- tional Theatre may be the only effective weapon with which to fight the theatricalTrust which after it has throttled the theatre in the United States will assail England.IV. I offer no opinion concerning Italy and Duse and Salvini. I fail to see that the French State would have gained by supporting Bernhardt who was one of the instances ofmy third answer and so far as we can guess from what she has done sets highervalue upon her acting than upon French drama. Thirty years ago a " National Theatre "in England would have been a kind of Museum: there were not then any signs of thecoming of modern English drama. I do not know what the State would have gained fordrama by supporting Henry Irving: what lay in him he accomplished without its aid. Alexander Hevesi &lt;£? Budapest.I. If starting from the point of view of the individual artist, few will be found to regard thesystem of the official theatre as a sympathetic or desirable one. National Theatreshave everywhere their inherent limits in tradition and convention and in this waythey are handicapped. But on the other hand, (and this must be distinctly understood)great artists such as Rachel always break down even traditions, and a National Theatreean always renew itself by the very talent of its great artists. &amp; &amp;11. The practise of the last thirty years differs materially from that of earlier times.Formerly In France or Germany the most prominent actors and actresses were intenton obtaining an engagement in the National Theatre. The change noticed In our daysmust be attributed to both artistic and material reasons. Theatres of private entersprise of our time are intent on securing the greatest artists, wand at prices beyond thepower of National Theatres. Nevertheless Mr. Kainz, the greatest of German actors,is in Vienna at the Bourgtheater.111. I have no doubt whatever that independent efforts of individual actors of great talentare always successful, materially and artistically, without any support from the Stateor Nation. 1 find a Committee as in France unnecessary; a manager, a man of artisticsense and experience, will suffice and there Is no reason to talk about a " less talented"body when the Comedie can boast of the advantage of retaining MounetSully, Frandy and Mme Bartet after having lost Madame Bernhardt and Coquelin. In=dependent artistic efforts (I do not mean actors here) should be supported by theState.IV. As far as 1 know Mme. Duse and Slgnor Salvini never did consider support of thatkind, because their individual efforts had been very successful. I believe a NationalTheatre according to the ideas of Heinrich Laube, the ancient manager of the Burgtheaterin Vienna, is a thing to be desired in every land with all one's heart. Laube's proposalwas to create a classical repertory of international character,... a school for dramaticliterature and good taste, a house of culture and not of business. Perhaps lam verypartial to the idea of the National Theatre, for in Hungary, for instance, our NationalTheatre was for the space of forty years the one only stage devoted to the purposesof art, and it holds at this moment, with some few exceptions, the greatest artists tobe found on the entire Hungarian stage. &amp; &amp; &amp; Allen Carrie. Paris.I. The mere establishment of a Theatre subsidised by the state would, it seems to me,be of little benefit to the Artists; but if in addition to a Theatre the Government wereto lie aside a sum of money for the publication of serious works relating to TheatricalHistory, Literature and Art, so as to facilitate and assist the stage artist in his studiesof those subjects, it would be of the highest value and advantage to the Art of theTheatre, since it would have the effect of sending more serious, thoughtful and betterequipped men to the work.11. The greatest stage talent is in neither one nor the other, though possibly at times con«nected with both. "All that glitters is not gold" and stars may seem brilliant and yetdead. When private enterprise creates the theatres controlled by Mr Prohman itindulges in a collection of these extinct stars. Mr Frohman is, of course, only a pirateon the high seas of an inartistic world, and the harm he does tells only against afoolish group of timid London managers. Still if, the State intends to construct it shouldalso take care to destroy. It should destroy Mr Prohman, close half the Music Halls,and attempt the reform of some of our home-grown managers. &amp; J£&gt; &amp; li. Greater advantage would accrue to the stage if it assisted in the education of ALL itsartists as indicated in answer No. i.IV. 1 never saw Irving or Salvini, but Madame Bernhardt and Madame Duse have done moreto create a sentimental unrest in the mind of the modern girl than all the MrsPankhursts that ever lived. The exhibition of weeping grief and monotonous greygloom of the Tragediennes of today has proved very dangerous,... more so, 1 shouldsay, than that of the sentimental novelette. If the State wanted to be of service toitself it would ban all such so-called " tragedies " as "La Dame aux Camelias,"" Magda," " Tosca " until the chief actress had given her assurance not to cry duringthe play or otherwise appeal for sympathy on the basis of sentimentality. Walter Pritchard Eaton. New York.I. 1 believe that in America a National Theatre is not likely to prosper, because theUnited States has no capital in the sense that Paris, London or Berlin are capitals. Ido believe, however, that various sections of the country, as New York, New England,the Middle West, (Chicago) and the Pacific Coast, (San Prancisco) could and shouldindividually maintain an endowed theatre, managed by a committee and removedfrom politics on the one hand, from present indiosyncrasies on the other. In theStates the Art of the Theatre is still looked upon with too little favour for out andout government endowment. Private endowment must come first, till the public iseducated to see that the play house is something more than vaudeville. We havehopes of our New Theatre in New York City. &amp;11. lam not competent to answer.111. 1 do not see why the body of artists in a National Theatre company need to be ne- cessarily " less talented." 1 can speak only for America, but here our political idealswould not permit us to endow private individuals. As I naturally sympathise withthese ideals I should not at any time &amp; jsrVI. have voted state support to Duse or Bernhardt. It seems to me a State Theatre, bycreating a standard, creates a competition by which private artists must gain, ... andas the private artists gain and grow better, so the State's standard is constantly re- newed and pushed along. Has it not been so in Paris? Herbert Trench. London.I. I do. It is of service to their development indirectly. Anything which is a recognitionby the State of the importance of great art, must indirectly serve artists by increasingpublic respect for the artist's life and for the artist's function. Perhaps the chief difficulty of an artist's life is the cultivation of self respect in the face of public neglect.The existence of a National Theatre will, however indirectly, contribute to the growthof the Artist's self respect. I would however, qualify my reply by assuming that thepractical direction of such a Theatre would really rest with one Director having al- most dictatorial powers, and the control of the Committee would be of the slenderestkind. Practical control by a Committee of such an enterprise would be impossible.11. My observation has shown me that the greatest individual talent is usually to befound in the Theatres of private enterprise: but not the [best acting of Companiestaken as a whole.111. 1 think that the methods indicated in the question are not necessarily mutually ex- clusive. Great advantage would accrue if the State pensioned early in life separateand individual artists of special talent, besides endowing certain dramatic companies.IV. 1 should have voted for the establishment of National Theatres and for the reasonsIndicated partly In (i) above: and partly for the reason which leads me to be stronglyin favour of the existence of an Academy of Letters (such as the Academy in Prance).It is as much for the State's own sake i. e. for the sake of the organised nation itself,quite as much as for any benefit to the individual artist, that I would have apublicly-founded recognition of the importance of Drama. &amp; SARAH BERNHARDT AND LUD WIG BARNEYON ENDOWED THEATRES. by Bram Stoker. 1906 July 3rd 1880 Irving and Sarah Bernhardt were both at their best and spoke quite freely onall subjects concerning their art which came on the tapis Irving was eager to knowthe opinion of one so familiar with the working of the French stage and yet so daring andoriginal in her own life and artistic method.... When they touched on the subject of thesubsidy she grew excited and spoke of the value of freedom and independence. " Whatuse " she said " subsidy, when a French actress cannot live on the salary, even at theComedie Francaise ?" (5) j® 4® &amp; j® &amp; j® j® j® j®July Ist 1881. " Amongst the guests were Irving and Barney. After supper someone,I think it was Irving... said something on the subject of State subsidy for theatres. Therewere all sorts and varieties of opinion, for each said what was in his heart. When it cameto Barney's turn he electrified us all. He did not say much, but it was all to the pointand spoken In away which left no doubt as to his own sincerity. He finished up: " Yes,these are all g00d,... to some. The subsidy in France ; the system of the Hoff and the StaadtTheatres in Germany; and help and control in Austria which brings the chosen actors intothe State service. But.., " and here his eyes flashed, his nostrils quivered, and his face wasSit with enthusiasm,... "Your English freedom is worth them all! " Then springing to hisfeet, he raised his glass and cried in a voice that rang like a trumpet, " Freiheit I " J® Personal Reminiscences of Henry Irving OPEN AIR THEATRES. A Letter from Mr Gordon Craig. Gordon Craig. t gives us pleasure to print the following letter which we have received fromMr Gordon Craig. S®J®J®&amp;?J®J®J®J®Dear Semar,j® It seems to me that the Theatre has nearly always longed to be " natural ",that the playwrights, actors and scene painters have nearly always struggled to free themselves from being " theatrical". Even in the 18th century, when most thingsgloried in a sumptuous artificiality gorgeous in silver gilt, there appears a master whoattempts to make all things " natural" again; and yet Moliere's plays seem to us todayanything but natural and their ancient manner of representation strikes us as very artificial.j® Not for one but for many centuries men have crowned their chosen playwright for thathe was more " natural " than his fellows, yet the plays of Shakespeare no longer strike usas " natural " ; even Robertson with his " Caste " and " Ours ", which were looked uponas very natural a few years ago and their manner of representation quite like life todayseem antiquated, somewhat artificial. J® J® J®&amp; There are some who go so far as to say|that the earlier plays of Sir Arthur Pinero and thelater plays by Mr Shaw have grown artificial. j® &lt;£? &amp; j® j® j®J® Scene painting, too. A hundred years ago Clarkson Stanfield in England was paintingscenery which amazed the critics by its " natural " appearance, and that, too, after theyhad known the work of de Loutherbourg... and soon Stanfield was looked on as unnatural,for Telbin the elder gave them what they asserted was very nature itself; and yet hardlyhave they said so before they eat their words, turn their backs on Telbin and find truenature in Hawes Craven, only to put him away a little later for Harker who " at lastpaints nature for us". J® £? J® J® J® J® J®&amp; Nor is it any better with the acting. The Kembles and their grand artificiality had tomake room for Edmund Kean, who in thirty years from then was looked on as anythingbut natural, for was not Macready " more natural ", and in a few years time all of theseactors seemed to us stilted and artificial when Henry Irving appeared. And now we talkof Irving's artificiality by the side of Antoine's natural acting; "it is nature itself "cry the critics, and soon Antoine's natural acting is to become mere artifice by the side ofthe acting of Stanislawsky. J® J® J® J® *® J® J® J®J® What then are all these manifestations of this " nature " ? J® &amp; J® J® I find them one and all to be merely examples of a new artificiality.... the artificialityof naturalism.Dramatists, actors, scenic artists are under a spell do you remember the story ofthe Sleeping Beauty?.... and the spell must be broken before they can awake. To breakit will be at once most hard and most easy most hard to those who were born to sleep,most easy for one born to awaken; but most assuredly until this spell be broken, utterlyand entirely destroyed, all the plays, acting and scenes on the stage of Europe must andwill remain theatrical, (i) j® j® j® j® j® j®j® I do not think the time has arrived when I can give you a hint of how to break thisspell which lies over the European Theatre; besides my purpose in writing this letter is toput a question to you, not to answer one. Should you find the question itself is connectedin anyway with what I have written as preface and should you have space in your journalto invite replies to what 1 ask 1 believe some good might come of it. j® But it might be born in mind that I have put my question to you without any thoughtof what is called its 44 practicality ", and that the answers must be made in the same spirit*There is always a very natural desire in man, (born of a sound caution) to keep thingson a practical basis, and when we discuss Economic or Hygenic questions it is as well to beas practical as possible. u®y®j®y®j®j®j®y®y®j® But where the question takes us outside that radius and when we enter into discus=sion of those things which emanate from the spirit, such as the Arts or Philosophy, wemight do well to consider them in as Ideal a manner as they deserve ; we can later on re=*turn to earth and attempt their symbolisation. My question is this: &amp; o you feel that the open air Theatre is the right place in which to present thepeople with that which we call the Art of the Theatre, or do you feel that aroofed in theatre is better? The first supplies us with natural conditions, thesecond with artificial conditions. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; Yours truly, P lay wrights. Scene painter?. A c to 1 s. The Question 1) The Salary received by Mme. Bernhardt averaged L. 1143.0.0 a year. We should have thought this was sufficient for any actress to " live on (I) Here we have to acknowledge that a certain charm, (the very essence and reflection of that Romance which comes to us in Books. ...)»es in the pretty or swaggering artifice of the " theatrical We most of us love the fun of the sham, and admire the playfulness oiltinsel, powder and rouge, but all of us in the Theatre, from the first actor of the realm to the last call boy of the provinces, are longingwith all our hearts fo the whole spirit of nature to take possession of this, the home which we love. THE WISE AND FOOLISH VIRGINS. A. C. A Foolinh virgin advertising herself. &amp; He Women are worthless on the stage. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; She. Women are invaluable.&amp; He When yon say that you substitute a new value for the old one. Women are morevaluable than you think. It is because you undervalue them that you say they are ble on the stage. Their value is in the natural, not in the artificial world ; in the greater, not in the less ; in the substance, and not in the shadow. &amp; jg/ &amp; BOOK REVIEWS THE PLAYHOUSE AND THE PLAY byPercy Mackaye, Macmillan Co. Dol: 1.25. D. N. L. is a book which is welcome as a reallyserious contribution to that literaturewhich deals with the problems relating to thewelfare, present and future, of the theatre.Its thoughtful and well reasoned argumentswould arrest attention whoever they wereput forward by; they gain additional weightfrom the fact that the writer, Mr PercyMackaye,is one of those qualified to speak withauthority, since, as the son of Steele Mackaye,one of the pioneers of the theatre of the fu- ture in America, he is theatre born and bredand knows intimately the subject of whichhe treats. He may thus be included in thatvery small group of men, scattered overEurope and America, whose views about thetheatre are worthy of the grave considera- tion of all earnest lovers and students ofthe art.In the seriousness of Mr Mackaye's attitudewe recognise at once one who has studieddeeply, not superficially; who has searchedinto the ancient origins of the playhouse andnot been content with the conclusion of thecareless,... that theatrical history before thereign of Elisabeth is a matter which has littlerelation to the existing theatre and may bedismissed in half a dozen words. &amp;He sets before the student some interes- ting questions: "Theatrical production", hewrites "arose from church ritual; why did" it diverge? Do the historic reasons for its" divergence still hold good? What kinship," if any, has the dramatic instinct with the" religious" ? &amp; &lt;£?&amp; These are questions which cannot here bedealt with, but one of his sentences is suffi- cient witness to his high ideal of the theatre,his grave realisation of the potential dignityof the stage: "The playhouse, then, is pro- perly the house of the joy ot lite... Thefunction of a temple is its only legitimatefunction" • It follows naturally that a manholding such an ideal of the function of the playhouse cannot but view with profounddisquiet the existing theatrical conditions andoccupy himself with schemes for reforma- tion." Reformation of the playhouse is not ",he holds " a matter of reforming individualsbut of reforming conditions ; " and this istrue in the sense that the evil is so greatthat some radical and fundamental changeis essential; but is it not necessary that theforce of individuals work outward to act uponconditions before those conditions, by beingimproved, can react beneficially upon themass of the people ? for says Carlyle,"Every new opinion, at its starting, is preciselyjn a minority of one ". The reformer must,however, be a man who can take a wide viewof the theatre at the present day in relationto both its past and its future, for it is notenough to " detect pernicious conditions; "indeed, to detect some, and the least, of these,is of but little value; it is like treating a manmerely for a cut finger when he is dying ofsome mortal disease. &amp; &amp;This matter of the degeneration of theTheatre is one so serious that it calls for thegravest consideration on the part of all thosewho have at heart the welfare of the nation»and Mr Mackaye justly reminds us, that "night" after night, year after year, our theatres" are educating our people by the millions" and tens of millions. The question is, shall" the theatre educate those millions right"or wrong?" &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; What they are doing at present no one canquestion; that the future shall be unlike thepresent is the aim of that ever increasingband of the younger artists, among whommay be numbered Mr Mackaye himself, whoare devoting their lives to the restoration ofthis long degraded art. &amp;Two of the most glaring evils of the pre- sent day in the theatre are its commercia- lism and its vulgarity. Mr Mackaye wouldseek salvation from these in a system of en- dowment. " The status of a playhouse insociety", he claims, "is as vital as the status"of the university in society. The dignity" and efficiency of the one demand the same" safeguarding against inward deterioration" as the dignity and efficiency of the other. The" functions of both are educative. The safe- " guard of each is endowment".There is much to be said for Mr. Mackaye'ssuggestion. Such a system would free thetheatre from any financial dependence uponthe public; it would lift it above all com- mercial considerations; it would not thensurvive according to the 44wi1l of the people",but would dominate and hold the people bythe power of art.For the public is really a child, which maybe educated to take pleasure in what is gaudyand vulgar or in what is beautiful and simple,according to the influences brought to bearupon it; but these influences must be broughtto bear steadily and must be long sustained.Of course the argument is always ad- vanced that the public demand must be sup- plied and that it is this demand which thepresent managers are supplying. But doesthe public ever really make any demand onthe theatre,... or on anything? We hear of a44 demand " at one time for sheath dressesand at another for crinolines, but there is noinitiative or inborn desire in the public foreither of these things. Fashion dictates whatthey are to demand,... and they demand if.So at present the leaders of the theatredictate to the public what they are to want,...and they want it. Mr Mackaye puts some pertinent questionsrelating to the Dramatic Critic. &amp;&amp; 44 Since theatrical productions are reported44 and interpreted to the public by dramatic44 critics, what is the usual nature of edu- -44 cation in dramatic criticism? who appoints44 dramatic critics ? When appointed, what44 standard of excellence must they maintain44 in order to practise their profession?These questions deserve serious conside- ration, for the critic too often assists infde- laying a reform of one kind or anotherthrough lack of courage in England and sheerignorance elsewhere. &amp;&amp; To return to the commercial conditions:at present there is everywhere in the theatrethe eagerness for quick returns from whichresult hasty work, vulgar and gaudy displayto catch the eye, appeals to the lower ratherthan the higher instincts in the spectator.This results from an insecure financial stan- ding. Today's takings must pay tomorrow'sbills, is the principle. There is no time towoo the public to the love of Beauty. But ifby a system of endowment all commercialquestions were set aside, or at least relegatedto the secondary place they merit, a greatstep towards the setting free of] the theatrewould have been made.The Moscow Art Theatre is a remarkableinstance of what can be accomplished by a playhouse which has been content for fifteenyears to serve the Art conscienciously, to uphold its own ideals, to win the public tolike what is beautiful, before any idea ofprofit was entertained. &amp;In treating of endowment Mr Mackaye is,however, careful to remind us that 44 theconditions of endowment" differ from " theconditions of subsidy". " This truth " he goeson, 44 would seem to be obvious, yet there is" much popular misconception on the subject.44 Some theatrical enterprises supported by44 subscription have been frequently alluded44 to in the press as 44 endowed theatres " .44 Likewise the principle of subscription is of- -44 ten vaguely referred to as being the same as44 that of endowment, or practically equiva- -44 lent to it. Between subscription and en- -44 dowment there is an impassible chasm of44 principle. The former is a makeshift, the44 latter a solution. Subsidy of art by subscript44 tion does not recognise the right of art to44 perpetual freedom from commercial compe- -44 tition; endowment does recognise that right.44 Subscription releases art from subjection44 on a temporary parole; endowment signs44 its emancipation proclamation. Being com- -44 pelled, for its own survival, to appeal to44 existing public standards of taste within a44 given few weeks or months, or seasons, a44 theatre supported only by subscription is44 thereby prevented from leading public44 taste; yet to enable it to lead public taste44 is presumably the very object of the sub- -44 scription; therefore the enterprise is affected44 from the start with an innate compromise44 which tends to undermine the ideal at44 stake. " jSf &amp; &amp;44 It would sound strange 44 he continues,44 to one of our university presidents to re- -44 ceive the offer of a great sum for endow- -44 ment by a philanthropist, upon the stipu- -44 lation that the university should show good44 security for returning to the philanthropist44 a certain per cent on the amount of his44 endowment. Pounded upon such a financial44 basis a medical school, a museum, an in- -44 stitute of scientific research, would have a44 hard scramble for existence, its special44 cause could hardly be expected to thrive in44 the community, its staff and equipment44 could hardly be expected to fulfil effectually44 the objects for which it was founded."The present evil is, not that there is notenough money in the theatre, but that thetheatre is used for the making of money.View the theatre in its highest aspect, andthe selling of tickets to be present at its riteswould become as grave an abuse as the charge lately instituted for entering theItalian churches.&amp; But to pass from the question of endow- ment. &amp; &amp; &amp;I am inclined to question a little MrMackaye's statement that 44the drama is pecu- liarly an art for the people", for I doubt ifthe people, left to themselves, want an artat all. The many have lost the power toobey, and the taste for fine art has gone fromthem; they must relearn obedience before itcan return. They must follow the priests ofthe art and accept as good what they say isgood. This was the attitude towards thepriests of art in Egypt before the birth ofChrist. Then and for 3000 years before theart of Egypt was the flower of obedience,...the obedience of the good slave for the goodmaster. And what in tho daysse guided thepriests? No less a thing than the belief thattheir gods had given them orders how andwhat to create, and, obeying their gods,they were in their turn obeyed by the people.Today obedience is forgotten; socialism,anarchy, athiesm, have slain it; everywherethere is sex revolt and class revolt.&amp; Democracy or Monarchy, what does itmatter if there is only obedience? To con- nect Art with any special form of govern- ment seems unnecessary. Through Art thespiritual leaders of the ages have spoken tothe people over the heads of government,...but they have spoken best when in harmonywith a well governed state,... and superbly when that state could boast a king. THE BIRTH OF TRAGEDY by Fried richNietzsche, T. N. Foutis. Price 216, A. C. ijphis is a book which speaks of Drama,Wagnerian music and Music; of Grecianart, Opera and Revolution,... and of FriedrichNietzsche. &amp; &amp; &amp; JSZIt is written with all the energy of Ger- many and the conceit of the writer forhimself is characteristic of a nation whosesecond class men are never so overbearingas when they light upon some half truth.Then they rage, then they announce their44 discovery ", then they collect proofs innu- merable to support their theory which theypresent to us in a book. &amp;Throughout this book not a single goodlaugh is to be heard though plenty ofcrackling thorn laughter pierces the smokewhich in place of fire issues from the pages.This is more noticeable on account of theimportance which the writer attributes to laughter. 44 You should learn to laugh, myyoung iriends ". And again, 44 This crown of44 the laughter, this rose garland crown; I44 myself have put on this crown. 1 myself have44 consecrated my laughter. No one else have44 I found today strong enough for this. "And again; 44 Ye higher men, learn, I prayy0u,... to laugh ! " This 44 learning " to beJoyous when it is too late is very characterristic of your second-rate philosopher. Andall this is addressed to young people andtherefore it is the more incomprehensible,for it is these young people who are for everlaughing who die young because the Godslove them so much. &amp; &amp;This prayer to the young is made in theintroduction which the author calls 44 Anattempt at self-criticism ", and was writtenin 1886, or about fourteen years after theessay itself, which was conceived and bornfduring the Franco - Prussian war. (1870-71) so that perhaps this appeal to the youngpeople to 44 laugh, . . . learn, I pray you, tolaugh " is but the cry of one whose cup oflaughter is dry and whose smiles are allspilt on the ground. &amp;&amp; Altogether it is a very incomprehensibleintroduction for it is full of excuses, theresult of attempting self criticism. It wouldhave been better to have destroyed the bookaltogether than to have created confusionby telling us that he has 44 doubts concern- ing the views it contains and the mannerin which they are presented. (1) &amp; &amp;&amp; In 1886 Nietzsche again writes about thisearly work of his. It is, he says, 44 A bookconsisting of mere experiences relating topleasurable and unpleasurable aesthetic stateswith a metaphysico-artistic background. Atthe same time the confession of a romanti- cist, (the sufferer feels the deepest long- ing tor beauty, ... he begets it); finallya product of youth, full of youthful courageand melancholy. " What more is there to besaid about a work which we dislike whenthe author himself dislikes it? We sahllrefrain from further criticism of the bookand will concern ourselves mainly with theauthor's self-depreciaton. &amp; &amp;He tells us that he feels &lt;(the deepestlonging for beauty", he adds as an after- thought three words so that they may balanceour after-thought; he adds that "he begetsit ". We wish that he did not beget beauty;we have always wished that of Nietzsche for(1) Introduction by Elisabeth Forster Nietzsche. 1995. it seems to us that his voice is so often posses- sed of that courage which desires to loseall so as to achieve beauty. He seems so often011 the verge of becoming an artist and thenhis grand German BRAIN pulls him up and ina long speech to himself full of twists andturns he mesmerizes his soul back againinto limbo Rest; Rest perturbed Spirit. "£? " The deepest longing for Beauty " a con- fession that Beauty has evaded him, thatLove preferred not to be mixed up with44 aesthetic states " or set off against44 a me- taphysico-artistic back- ground And if Nietzsche has never begotten Be- auty it is because Beauty is not fond ofthe men who have to think long to findtheir courage, nor fond of the men who haveto think fourteen years to arrive at a truthwhich Inspiration whispers to the man sheloves in one moment...44 Laugh. jz?The Germans have always been deep thin- *kers. They have gone down the well, onedeeper than the other, doing so with cautiouscourage and a determined will. Alas, to whatend? Not to the end of that well where Truthlies reflected from above. Dear Germans,there is something very boyish in theirsearch .. baby boyish .. with serious mouthsand unsparkling eyes they lower themselvesinto the grave which has received so manyraces ... and the last to lower himself hasbeen the solemn-faced Nietzsche, eager, ra- ther cross, his fire hidden in the smoke ofhis lowering brows; down he goes into thewell murmuring, "Learn to Dance, Nietzsche,Learn to laugh, Nietzsche . ~ then you willhave learnt the secret of secrets ..." Andnow he is out of sight. . . out of hearing .. .from the depths of that well not even asigh ascends .. • silence •.. another man islost for ever. &amp; &amp; jet jetjet Lost... through learning... and throughbelief that Love is learnable, that Laughteris learnable, that Dancing is learnable andthat Beauty is to be achieved and won byfair intellectual means. jet j&amp; jetjet Dear Love, with your two little faces;Truth and Beauty. A thousand blessings onyou for all time, or when you frown or whenyou smile,when you remember or forget. Yoursweet faults are ours and we can love them.Sweet Truth, sweet Beauty, your two faces,how dear they are,for you can frown and smilewith them at the same moment. You cansatisfy yourself . .. and that is all we want. You are the Eternal, and you shall have oneEternal Lover. We will never desert you.(Echo of Comedy back from the years) ....for we will never ask you to be less thanEternal. Today your Truth hurts us, tomor- row your Beauty heals the smart, and whenyou squander and pollute your Beauty withthe mob is not your Truth turned towardsus and do not its invisible eyes search oursand silently pass into their home? jet&amp; And the full sum of all this human talk ofbruising and of healing is that we have foundHappiness through you. We do not ask if youhave found it through us your sons and lovers.,But we of all your sons, of all your loversalone are able to tell you that it is not aloneyour Truth that we love and not alone yourBeauty... it is both ... the two expressionsof that double face, the Alpha and the Ome- ga of Love, with its impossible deceit and its impossible j&amp; BURIED HERCULANIUM by E. R. Barker. V. and C. Black. Price. 716 net. D. N. L. 'phis is a volume which, interesting at anytime, made a peculiar appeal at the time ofits publication just after the great earthquakein Southern Italy, and the Mes- sina, recalling as it did the destruction ofanother famous city and the art treasuresthen buried, some of which have now, byexcavation, been after many centuries resto- red to us. J&amp; J&amp; &amp;t j£tj&amp; The volume, which is profusely illustrated,contains one chapter of especial interest toreaders of 44 The Mask" upon the Theatrerediscovered in the year 1713. It is full ofvaluable information about the structure anddecoration of the building, and throws con- siderable light upon the performances of thatlong past day. j&amp; j&amp; &amp; jetjet There is also a note upon those five state- ly figures known as the 44 Dancers, " whichhave a peculiar interest for us today whenso much is being done to revive the Greekspirit and to restore its ancient beauty tothe dancer's art. jet j£t jet j&amp;j&amp; All classical students will find the volumeof value to them, both for its well arrangedmatter and its numerous and excellent plates. St ELIZABETH OF HUNGARY byArthur Dillon. Elkin Matthews. Price416 net. D.N.L. play, as is stated in an introductorynote, is founded on the "Saint's Tragedy"of Charles Kingsley, and, although covering the same ground and showing no very orig- nal conception of the familiar characters, willyet give pleasure to those who admire thepicturesque personality of the young Germansaint. The volume is pleasing in format andprinting, as is usually the case with all books bearingthe name of MrElkin Matthews. SHAKESPEARE by WalterRaleigh. Mac mi II an. Price 4f-net. &lt;® excellent book which can only receiveJust criticism after some years have elap- sed, for it is one which must be studied verythoroughly. j® j® j® j®&lt;® Here is an excellent passage from the onlychapter relating to the theatre and the onlyone which we can treat of In this review.J® 44 The boys who acted Rosalind, Viola,44 and Julia, had the difficult task of preten- " ding to be girls disguised as boys. In spite44 of all this, it may be doubted whether44 Shakespeare has not suffered more than he44 has gained by the genius of latter-day ac- -44 tresses, who bring into the plays a realism44 and robust emotion which sometimes ob- -44 scure the sheer poetic value of the author's44 conception. The boys were no doubt very44 highly trained, and amenable to instruction44 so that the parts of Rosalind and Desde- -44 mona may well have been rendered with a44 clarity and simplicity which served as a44 transparent medium for the author's wit44 and pathos. Poetry, like religion, is out- -44 raged when it is made a platform for the44 exhibition of their own talent and passion44 by those who are its ministers. With the44 disappearance of the boy players the poetic44 drama died in England, and it has had no44 second life." J® J® J® J®j® Nothing truer has been said about thisimportant subject. Where, however, ProfessorRaleigh speaks of boys pretending to begirls we think he has chosen a wrong verbfor there could never have been the illu- sion that it was a real woman but only thatit was the spirit of a woman which wasbrought upon the stage, and inasmuch as thespirit was present without the body the gainmust have been incalculable. J® J®&lt;® The impersonal element must have beenfelt very much in the theatre, and it is onlytoo true that today it is the bodily presenceof women which makes all the difference tothe beholder. She is 44charming," 44fascina- ting, " she 44 carries one awaythis is whatwe hear, and when the critic speaks of herit is often to admit that criticism is impos- sible because he is so bewitched. This ischarming in a drawing room, beautiful in ahome, but abominable in a theatre. j®Later on in the same chapter Professor Raleighreminds us that costume was 44somethingmore than idly decorative" and it is very rightto repeat this, for people do not seem tobe aware that clothes are capable of psycho- logical expression. J® J® J® J®In telling us later on that the scenerywas of the simplest, he again underlines thewell known fact that it was the words andthe gestures of the players which alone pro- duced the strange and wonderful impressionas of something living. He says, after havingdescribed the scene where Brutus is leftalone in the tent with his sleeping servant,44 The whole scene is heavy with the sense44 of night and the darkness of conspiracy,t4 yet the effect is produced by nothing but44 the spoken words and the gestures of the44 players. " and of course nothing else, no- thing more, is desirable;.... rather somethingless. Here we are but saying what a well- known artist who has worked in the theatrefor many years said to us the other day whenwe were discussing this passage in ProfessorRaleigh's book. 44 Of course he is right ;44 nothing else is desirable .... rather some«4 thing less. And what must it cost met4 to say so? " he added. 448y agreeing with44 this statement, or rather by acknowledging44 its truth, 1 figuratively throw into the*4 waste paper basket the work of fifteen or44 twenty years. AH my designs for what is*4 called "scenery", "effects", the pictorially44 dramatic movements of the chief actors and44 the crowd which I have laboured to pro- -44 duce for so long and which possibly have44 been good in their way, I put them all into44 the fire But willingly and those of44 my predecessors for the last three hundred44 years rather reluctantly. And what follows?44 It must follow as the day the night we can- -64 not then be false to any truth. " J®If all those who collaborate in the pro- duction of a play by Shakespeare would facethe truth as unfalteringly as this artist, theproduction of Shakespeare would be muchsimplified and we should see very many moreperformances of his works. As it is pro- ductions are becoming more complicated. j®j® As we write this a fresh complication hasbeen invented. J® J® J® J®/® Madame Georgette Leblanc has announcedthat she will give a performance of 44Macbeth"in the antique Abbey which belongs to her celebrated husband, M. Maeterlinck, using theAbbey with its corridors, flights of steps,courtyards and surrounding country as thesetting in which the play will be presented.Her audience, which is not to exceed fifty innumber, will pass from place to place as thescenes change. As there are twenty eightscenes in "Macbeth" we anticipate an extremely bored audience at the end, so tired as hardlyto be compensated by the great banquet whichwill then take place (i). We find two mainfaults in Madame Maeterlinck's plan. The firstthat she should have conceived the idea; thesecond that she should have carried it out.It is to prevent such eccentric experi- ments that books such as Professor Raleigh'sare written. &amp; &amp; &amp; A HISTORY OF THEATRICAL ART.Volume V. by Karl Mantzius. Duckworth.admirable work which every managerand student should purchase. We shallreview it in the next number of The Mask.wing to lack of space the list of booksand magazines received is held over untilthe next number. &amp; FOREIGN NOTES LONDON. G. H. '"phe Follies are undoubtedly the most amu- sing of London's possessions, and one ofthe most entertaining. To a student of themodern theatre they are illuminating as well,and how Mr Lewis Waller can parade hispinchbeck wares in the theatre which standsside by side with the Apollo is the questionmost people are asking. For the Follies werebornto assist in the extermination of the falsesentiment of the modern theatre so lovedand trafficed in by the Wallers of the stage.&amp; They ridicule the mock heroic school ofplay and player as surely no others have everdone since Aristophanes hurled his terriblelaughter at things less deserving of ridicule.The Follies ridicule that which they have aright to ridicule; they know the modernstage and its humbug and they expose thepoor fraud of two centuries in ten minutes. Thus the p&gt;lay, the actor, the chorusgirls and the wig makers, the lime lightsand the orchestra all come in for scathingtreatment at the hands of these humourists.&amp; The humour is as trenchant as that of theauthors of " Wisdom while you wait " or" Change for a Halfpenny, " and if the au- diences who nightly flock to the Apollo willlearn to laugh with the Comedians and notat them, then the balance against bad melo- drama and trashy musical comedy will turnin favour of better things.The fun of the Follies is a relief after thefalse seriousness of Mr Bernard Shaw andthe King of Cadonia; and these comedians areentirely healthy; we may be sure that theywill find no fun to poke at serious things.The last performance of theirs containingthe skit on a Music Hall entertainment wasthe best of its kind 1 have ever seen. The tor- rent of witticism which they poured inces- santly from their imitation "gallery" wasquite admirable. One felt it could never keepon and yet it never stopped for an instant.&amp; As an important factor in the Renais- sance of the English Stage the Follies mustnever be forgotten. What they are doing isadmirable amusement, but what they willachieve is more admirable. We take our maskoff to them. jg? &amp; jg? R. S.Jf the Marionettes were not the biggest hitof the evening at the Colliseum on the samenight when Miss Cissie Loftus and abouteleven other stars were working their levelbest, then I am a bad correspondant withneither eyes nor ears.The popular voice hailed the marionetteswith twice the enthusiasm with which anyother pari of the programme was received. The spectators were all invited as guests,.... at eight guineas a head... FLORENCE j&amp;? On August stli there was a crowded au- dience to witness the first representation hereof Renato Simoni's satiric piece, " Turlupi®neide " which had already won so great asuccess in Rome. &amp; &amp;The Play, which passes in review repre- sentative phases and figures of modern Ita- lian life, politicians, artists, clerics and therest, spares none of them, and the persona- lities are of the keenest. &amp; &amp;None come in for greater ridicule than theartists, and among these preeminently D'An- nunzio, from the moment when he is revealedas a statue in modern dress, set high in themidst of the stage with Dante at his feet; until the last act when, after his courtshipof the gaudy ** Reclame " for whose smilesMascagni, too, is a keen competitor, he isshown clothed completely in a glitteringgolden suit, offering the Manuscript of the•• Nave " with a thousand affectations to thecity of Venice. No personality is too pointed,no allusion to private matters too indiscreetto be brought forward, and the keener the al- lusion the greater the delight of the audience.Well, perhaps that is what will be seenin England also one day if Mr George BernardShaw and Mr Granville Barker and the restof them get their wish and abolish the Censor.But will Mr Shaw really welcome the li- cense which will reign after the consumationof his labours and his much speaking? Willhe be quite ready to be himself pilloried onthe London stage, to have all his private af- fairs and personal idiosyncracies held up toridicule? It is one thing to display those ofothers, but.... the biter does not always likebeing bitten in his turn, and though Mr Shawloves publicity 1 doubt if he would enjoybeing shown without appeal, as an absurdfigure, as are D'Annunzio, Mascagni and therest being shown today on the Italian stage.He might realise then that he had beenbegging "his own harm" of the "wise powers"who support Mr Redford in office, and feelt*o late that he would have profitted " bylosing of his prayers ". &lt;£?Indeed, " Turlupineide ", clever, witty,amusing as it is, might well, by its unbridledpersonalities, offer food for serious reflectionto any opponents of the Censor and give thempause in their mad career. GIOVANNI GRASSO. C. A, I consider Grasso the greatest actor inEurope, and admire his performances entirely.B. &amp; Hullo! What is it you are saying? Ihave read somewhere in one of your essaysthat actors are not artists. Do you considerGrasso an artist ? jg?A. No, but that does not prevent me fromunderstanding that Grasso is possessed by aforce which causes him to create a pheno- menal impression. Besides, acting is not anart and Grasso helps to prove this. *£/b. How can you admire Grasso when heexhibits what you profess to despise on thestage,... emotion? jz?A. Don't you know, bright questioner, thedifference between a Grasso and an ordinarilyemotional actor or actress? I admire Grassobecause he is entirely emotional, becauseagainst all laws of art he triumphs so com- pletely. If he merely carried me away for a fewmoments I should be able to recover andshould confess his weakness,... but Qrassocarries me away altogether and he refusesto let me come to my senses. Dumas pere carries me away just so; he maynot be a great stylist, he may break all thelaws sacred to men of letters, sacred tothe Muse herself, but he is justified, forhe not only makes new laws, he enforcesthem; and this is exactly what other emo- tional authors cannot do. This is also trueof the actors of the modern stage. How manyso-called emotional actors are on the stageof Europe ? Thousands ! 1 can accept none oftheir tepid emotionalism, but I can acceptthe volcanic emotion of Giovanni Grasso. If1 accepted the other thousands of impostersI should be insulting nature herself, and if1 delude myself that such a phenomenon canbe an every-day occurrence 1 insult intel- ligence and the universe. j&amp;&gt;B. JS? Then you cannot accept Bernhardt,Mounet Sully, Zacconi, Duse and the restbecause of their tepid emotionalism, as youcall it ?A, They are n dtiier hot nor cold; neithergreat thinkers nor great emotionalists; that'swhy I detest them. Grasso's emotion is likethe lava of Vesuvius. 1 do not question itsright to move me. If Bernhardt could flingsuch force at me I should not question herdemonstration; as it is i do: and MadameDuse t00,... she cries a little; keeps verystill; she gazes with agony around her; shemakes me think, and I begin to think thatshe is attempting to be an artist and failingto be an actress. Then I think further and Ifind that she cannot be an artist to make methink so little. zz?j®- With Grasso ! neither think nor feel; heleaves me no time. 1 am out of myself. 1 look,and instantly with laughter and excitement Igo bowling along with his force. Show meanother. His late companion, the Siciliangirl, Mimi Aguglia, when she acted withhim, derived some of his power but she hasgone away for some unaccountable reasonand will.lose her power.. When 1 heard she hadgone away to some "Star "-monger 1 wascurious to see how Grasso would act withouther. He acts better and he is more than loyallyassisted by his admirable and beautiful part- ner, Marinella Bragaglia and by his brother.B. It is strange to hear you in this vein;you are positively tolerant. &amp;A. Am I? 1 meant to be intolerant,.. exaggeratedly in favour of the whole groupof Sicilians. Is it possible that you haveagain misunderstood me ? J® J® J®B. j® Well, you don't always make yourselfclear. Acting no Art, Grasso a great actor;Grasso giving you intense pleasure,... its alla little confusing, j® j® j® j®A. j® Never mind; next time you'll get better.Go off and tussle with all the other paradoxeswhich lie between the initiatory and theultimate. Then this little Paradox of theTheatre though it become no clearer will be come more interesting. PARIS SIGNOR FORTUNY'S INVENTION J. ' jpo the majority of people the theatre is ina perfect state of health. To the minoritythe theatre is very HI indeed, and there areone or two people who consider it dead alto- gether. Those who are contented with thestate of affairs... indeed, their content attimes becomes almost too energetic in itsprotestation,.... are the men and womenconnected with the theatre who believe thatthere is more money to be made out ofbeing optimistic than being pessimistic. j®I think the second group of people meanwell In what they propose but in many casesthey too would mould the theatre nearer totheir heart's desire for the poor reason that itwould pay better, j® j® j® j®This group of course is prepared for slowreturns, but it Is none the less the returnsthat they have their eye on. j® &amp;j® The one or two people who consider thetheatre is dead and yet desire to recreatethe new theatre, these are the only men whocan be said to take shares in a concern inwhich there can be no material return, j®j® It is in the second group that SlgnorFortuny comes, and we feel quite sure thathe will in time reap a large harvest. Of coursethat is on the suppositiom that no man ariseswho shall expose the dead corpse of thetheatre and so prove to the world that it isutterly worthless to go on spending money onthe dear departed. j&amp; j® j® j®j? The remedy which Signor Fortuny bringsL&lt;&gt; what he considers an Invalid is a complt- cation of the scenlca! devices. Me has beenlately giving much time to an invention whichshall abolish what are known as the sky-bor- ders. You can get the best idea of his In- vention if you will imagine a very largeperambulator hood large enough to cover theback and the upper part of the stage. Theframework is not a fixture but Is able to be closed up just as a perambulator hood Is ableto be closed down, and once It Is closed upit Is Hat against the proscenium arch and istherefore out of the way. Other scenes canthen be placed in position. The frameworkof this hood Is provided with two cloths, theone external, the other internal, and betweenthem is a space in which by means of anelectric ventilator the internal canvas can bemade to appear entirely smooth. &amp; j®j® A couple of designs of this appliance aregiven in " Natura ed Arte ", (August ist)a fortnightly review published In Milan, j®J® Further details of the way In which SignorFortuny throws his light upon this vast skycloth are also given, and undoubtedly if wedesire a better reproduction of the heavensthan we have had hitherto we shall do well toadopt the Fortuny method for there Is agreat deal of common sense about the idea.Unfortunately artists have never dealt Incommon sense, for art is the expression ofthat sense which is uncommon, and no artistin his senses would dream of lumbering thestage with such an alarming machine as thiswhich Slgnor Fortuny has Invented. j®This way of solving the difficulty has oc- curred no doubt to several men of inventivetalent. Professor Herkomer used a curvedsky cloth although it was unable to be closedup and opened as this one is. J® j®The nearest approach to Signor Fortuny'swhich I know Is to be found in a couple ofrough sketches by Mr Gordon Craig which Icame across by chance. These have the date1904 on them and are possibly later than SignorFortuny's invention, but they have some ori- gina! points of their own. j® j® j®j® To begin with Mr Craig's surface is not asmooth one although it Is so designed thatanyone who has studied the matter wouldsee that from a distance It would appear tobe quite smooth. Instead of folding up itfolds back and goes down tinder the stage. Onthe designs are one or two curious noteswritten in pencil. By these notes It appearsthat the designs were sketched out In Weiiita/where it seems that there was an Idea ofmaking a model, and a small portion of ibismodel was even commenced under tb * so *perintendance of Professor Van de We f tie. 4®One of the notes on the sketch is asfollows, 44 possibly a splendid Invention If Icould wait twenty years for it to bring meL 20,000. 1 sketched this out one afternoonbecause some serious idiot asked me in asolemn voice as though he were putting a question to me relating to my immortal soulhow 1 should get out of the difficulty of skyborders Would be quite easy to wasteone's life answering such questions in thismanner ".A model of Slgnor Fortuny's invention is tobe seen in Paris. It is quite a large modeland has been constructed for the Countess deBeam. It ought certainly to be Installed inone or two of the best London theatres be- cause after it has been installed a newinvention will come along, and after that ano- ther new one, and then the managers pos- sibly, at their wits ends to know what freshthing they can instal, will turn to the artistsand ask them. Of course what the artists tellthem will be a very expensive matter; notmerely a matter of a few hundred thousandpounds; for the artists will tell thein to instalthe Art and no estimate has as yet been given as to how much that might cost. EDITORIAL NOTES |r Martin Harvey has lately produced" Hamlet " in Liverpool in the methodinitiated by Mr Gordon Craig. &amp; But in doing this Mr Harvey has madequite a new departure full of originality. Hehas graciously acknowledged the source ofhis inspiration. Others adopt this method....or the fringe of the method but none ofthem make any acknowledgement as towhence they have derived their ideas. &amp;In Dusseldorf, in Berlin, in Vienna, in StPetersberg, in Munich and even in Londonthere are to be found gentlemen who, if youask them about these methods of stage pro- duction will either profess ignorance of themor jwill suggest that they are rather impossibleideas, unpractical, you know.It is these same gentlemen who are soonafterwards found producing Shakespeare'splays in the very method they have decried.That Mr. Harvey should act as he has done appears natural to those who know the manIt is a good example which we hope will bea lesson in the future to Professors Orlik andRoller, Madame Louise Dumont, MadameKomisarzhevsky, Herr Reinhardt and otherswho have deliberately copied, thinking noone would notice the original. &amp;After all there is no harm in copying thatwhich cannot protect itself; the only dangerin this kind of infringement of an idea liesin the capacity of the inventor to retaliate.The artist once upon a time was generallysupposed to be a good amiable kind of fellow,content to permit any rogue to steal him outof house and home. Today the artist issometimes a really good fighter. £? &amp;Jll 1693 a Bill was passed through Parliamentgiving liberty to the press, and accordingto the articles of that Bill dramatic piecescould no longer be censured. Political plays,...Fielding's among others,... became so popularthat rowdy scenes were continually occur- ring at the Little Theatre in the Haymarketand elsewhere.Any attack on the Government called downcheers and hisses. &amp; &amp;Things reached a crisis before iong. Asatirical play, "The Golden Rump", was fullof open attacks on the government, so openindeed that the manager, fearing for histheatre, thought it best to enquire whetherthe ministry would object if the play wereperformed.^Sir Robert Walpole forbade its productionand immediately requested a limitation 01theatrical liberty and succeeded in passingthe Licensing Act (June 21 1737 ) "Golden Rump " was neither printed nor per=formed. &amp; j&amp;r XZ? &amp;It may be well to remember this whenlistening to the clamour which calls for theremoval of the Censor.We congratulate Mr H. B. Irving upon hisentry into permanent management of aLondon Theatre. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;His influence is nearly sure to be alwaysthrown on the right side. He is not likelyto astound the world with any innovationwhich it might not understand, but he willcertainly not pander to the taste of thosewho find in the theatre nothing but an eve- ning's amusement. May success attend him. TYPEWRITING OFFICE.TRANSLATIONS IN ALL LANGUAGES.&amp; &amp; FLORENCE - Via Vecchietti 6, - FLORENCE. J&amp; =5■ESSmr&gt;&gt;s;itntfalmizLL*&amp;StUSEA»»SWANPDUOTAIIMPENAND DISCARD ALL ANTIQUATED METHOD*Fountain pens are Necessities to modern men and women—Shorthand writers especially-who value their time and comfort and saving of expense. The Best Fountain Pen is agreater necessity than any second best.THE "SWAN" FOUNTPENis Best because it has the highest grade gold nib ever put in a fountain pen. It hasa sure feed—by feed we mean an ink conductor and air compensator. Ink is fed to bothsides of the nib, so that the light writer or the heavy hand has the right supply of inkNot these characteristics alone, but—"LE TOUT ENSEMBLE" makes the PERFECT PEN&amp; Sold by Stationers and Jewellers Everywhere. INSIST ON IMABIE, TODD &amp;. CO.("SWAN" Fountpen Makers,)79 &amp; 80, HIGH HOLBORN, LONDON, W. C.BRANCHES:93, Cheapside, E. C.; 95a, Regent Street W.3, Exchange Street, Manchester.10, Rue Neuve, Brussels.Brentano's, 37* Ave, de I'Opera, Paris.And at New York, Bale, Chicago and Sydney.PRICES: Englishlo |6 - French Fes. 15.00 - Italian - Eite 15.00 upwards. &amp;Write lor Catalogue, post free•f sWAN PEN VHEAL &amp; SON'SOLD FASHIONED FABRICS FORCURTAINS &amp; LOOSE COVERS.5Sa&lt;k&gt;•ftfc%%%%/1Chintzes, Printed Linens &amp; Printed Cottons. Write forillustrated Booklet "M" with photographs &amp; prices.Heal &amp; Son have special materials for CasementCurtains. Booklet " K " with small patterns sent postfree.TOTTENHAM COURT ROAD, LONDON CHRISTMAS PRESENTSFOR THE CHILDREN:PICTURES FROMGORDON CRAIG'S BOOKOF PENNY TOYS.rphis book was published in 1898 at the Sign ofthe Rose, tfackbridge, Surrey. It contained 20original drawings of 20 Penny Toys, 20 Tail Piecesand 20 Verses, and proved so popular that copies are now rarely to be found.A FEW COPIES OF THE LARGE DESIGNSremain, especially printed on a grey toned paper and will delight the children upon whosenursery walls they shall be hung, for so they will have as familiar friends the cock and thedog and the little duck, the peacock with its well-clipped tail, the Admiral and the OilCake Crusher and all the rest.is coming and gifts for the children must be chosen. No parent, god-parent,uncle, aunt or elderly gentleman with a sweetheart under six could find apresent which will give more lasting pleasure than a set ofPENNY TOY PRINTS.but orders should be sent early so as to avoid disappointment as but few sets remain. The series of twenty designs, each wood cut measuring seven and a quarter by eightand a quarter inches, printed on large sheets of thick Art paper, price L 4. 4. o. &amp;&amp; The Mask Publishers, Arena Gold on i, Florence, Italy. ss