The mask 12 4 October 1926 naau_1926-10_01 The mask 12 4 Untitled Image Illustration 1 ALEXANDRE DUMAS AND HIS 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 A NINETEENTH CENTURY SUMMER THEATRE IN OLD LUBECK. Illustration 4 EPILOGUE TO VOLUME XII. HOW THE PRESS COULD SERVE ART. J. S cre 5-6 ALEXANDRE DUMAS AND HIS ADVENTURES AT THE THEATRE FRANÇAIS. 1825-1851. GORDON CRAIG cre 7-17 Untitled Image Illustration 17 THE SUMMER THEATRE IN OLD LUBECK. A. C cre 17 ON A BOOK ABOUT ONE OF OUR ENGLISH ARTISTS: MARGARET MORRIS. G. C cre 18-20 Untitled Image Illustration 20 THE CHANCES FOR AND AGAINST GOOD THEATRES IN PROVINCIAL CENTRES IN ENGLAND, WITH SPECIAL REFERENCE TO THE MADDERMARKET THEATRE OF NORWICH. E. G. C cre 20-23 INTERIOR OF THE MADDERMARKET THE ATRE. Illustration 20 THE chances against good theatres in the 23 VIEW OF THE EXTERIOR OF THE MADDERMARKET THEATRE. Illustration 23 THREE BOOKS ON THE THEATRE OF EUROPE. FRENCH, ITALIAN AND ENGLISH. J. B cre 24-25; 27-34 SHOWING THE THEATRE DU MARAIS, PARIS, 1676. (BUILT 1623). Illustration 24 A PAINTING OF A THEATRE ATTRIBUTED TO BIBIENA. AND SINCE 1876 PRESERVED IN THE NATIONAL GALLERY, LONDON. The painting was once listed in the National Gallery Catalogue as representing "The Teatro Farnese, Parma and as being the work of Ferdinando Bibiena. There is little evidence as to the artist but it certainly does not represent the Teatro Farnese, Parma. Is it perhaps a theatre belonging to the Farnese family — perhaps once existing in Parma? — and is the scene on the stage a Bibiena scene? Plate 15. Illustration 25 Untitled Text 30 Untitled Text 30 Untitled Text 30 Untitled Text 30 Untitled Text 31 Untitled Text 31 Untitled Text 31 Untitled Text 31 IN the eleventh volume ofu The Mask" was X. Y. X cre 35 PLAN FOR A THEATRE DESIGNED FOR MADAME DU BARRY By the Architect Le Doux. Plate 16. Illustration 35 THE PRETTY THEATRE. PART FOUR THE £ 1000 GAFF. X. Y. Z cre 37-38 AN OLD ADVERTISEMENT OF MADAME TUSSAUD'S WAX WORKS. 38 THE OLD OPERA HOUSE IN THE HAYMARKET. A NOTE ERROLL SHERSON cre 39 Untitled Image Illustration 39 Untitled Image Illustration 39 PLAYING WITH GREEK FIRE. R. S cre 39 Untitled Image Illustration 39 CORRESPONDENCE. 40 Untitled Image Illustration 40 ABOUT A BOOK . (0 40 The Editor of The Mask. Huntly Carter cre 40 A QUERY. 40 REPLY. Ed cre 40 BOOK REVIEWS. 41-44 Untitled Image Illustration 41 HIMS ANCIENT &amp; MODERN 41-42 A BANNED PLAY and A Preface 42-43 THE LIFE OF RACINE by Mary 43-44 FIRST STUDIES IN 44 THE MAYFAIR CALENDAR by 44 SEVEN VOLUMES. ALL OF THEM PLAYS. 44-45; 47 THE DRAMATIST; Frederick 44-45; 47 A MASK FOR A NÕ PLAY. From the Berlin Museum. Plate 17. Illustration 45 JAP A NISCHE MASKEN. NO 47 FIVE BOOKS. FOUR MEN AND A HALF. BEETHOVEN : STRINDBERG : TCHEHOV : SHAW : – AND SAMUEL PEPYS. (I) 47-48 | would recommed these five books 47-48 MADEMOISELLE MOLIERE, by 48 FOUR BOOKS. 48-53 A STUDY OF THE MODERN 48-51 LIFE OF WILLIAM GODWIN 51 HENRY JACKSON O. M. : R. St. 51-52 THE JUDGE : a Play in four Acts 52 PUNCH AND JUDY by Dion 52 THE VICTORIA AND ALBERT 52-53 SHORT HISTORY OF 53 EDITORIAL NOTES. 53 Untitled Image Illustration 53 THE PARIS OPERA HOUSE. 53 A WORD OF THANKS. 53 FREDERICK HARRISON. 53 LAST WORDS. 54 STANDARDIZED SPEECH. 54 Untitled Image Illustration 54 FESTIVAL'S £4,000 LOSS. 54 Untitled Image Illustration 54 SIR ORACLE SEES RED. 54 Untitled Image Illustration 54 A GOOD STORY. 54 Untitled Image Illustration 54 QUERIES &amp; A N SW E R S . 54 MANN ERS &amp; THE STAGE. 54 Untitled Image Illustration 54 By the bye who is Mr. Robert Hale? J. B cre 54 Untitled Image Illustration 54 THE MASK VOLUME TWELVENUMBER FOUROCTOBER ANNUAL SUBSCRIPT lON EDITION DE LUXETEN SHILLINGS TWENTY SHILLINGS'(POST FREE) A (POST FREE)0TWO &amp; A HALF DOLLARS LA^COPYJFFIVE DOLLAFRSFOR AMERICA FOR AMERICAADDRESS: BOX 444. FLORENCE. ITALY. THE MASK. OCTOBER 1926 NOTICE TO CONTRIBUTORS. The Editor considerexperts in theatre history and art, which result from special research or personal experience. Where stampedand addressed envelopes are included, every effort will be made to return in due course rejected contributions :but in no circumstances can he hold himself responsible for safe custody or return. All articles should betypewritten.Address: The Editor :" The Maskßox 444, THE MASK I THE MASK1926 THE MASK1926 THE MASK1926 All Rights reserved. October T926.Direttore responsabile Antonio Maraini.Tipografia Giuntinay Firenze. ALEXANDRE DUMAS AND HISADVENTURES AT THE THEATREFRANQAIS by E. Gordon Craig.ABOUT ONE OF OUR ENGLISH AR- TISTS : MARGARET MORRIS.ON SOME BOOKS, ITALIAN, EN- GLISH &amp; FRENCH, ON THE THEA- TRE OF EUROPE.THE PRETTY THEATRE : PART 4.RELATING TO SOME OF THE PRI- VATE THEATRES OF FRANCE. ON PROVINCIAL THEATRES in general.and, particularly, The Maddermarket ofNorwich: with two wood-cuts.A NOTE ON THE OLD OPERA HOUSEIN THE HAYMARKET by ErrollSherson.BOOK REVIEWS &amp; NOTES about Racine;" A Banned Play * ; The Stratford MemorialTheatre, and " American Generosity " ; Amateursand Stage Miracles; Masks and No Plays, " Ben- sonian Memories , and many other entertainingdetails respecting, Theatre Figures and Theatre Books. LITERARY CONTENTS. HOW THE PRESS COULD SERVE ART . ; . J. S. . . . . | .Page 127ALEXANDRE DUMAS pkRE AND HIS ADVEN- TURES AT THE TH&amp;ATRE FRANCAIS . . E. Gordon Craig . . . .129THE SUMMER THEATRE AT LUBECK . . . A. C. . . . . 139ON A BOOK ABOUT ONE OF OUR ENGLISH AR- TISTS : MARGARET MORRIS . . . G. C .140THE CHANCES FOR AND AGAINST GOOD THEA- J' TRES in Provincial centres &amp; The Maddermarket, Nor- wich. Part 2 | . E. G. C. . . . . .142THREE BOOKS ON THE THEATRE OF EUROPE . John Balance 146THE PRETTY THEATRE. Part 4 . . . . . X. Y. Z 155AN OLD PLACARD OF MADAME TUSSAUD'SWAXWORKS Anon 156A NOTE ON THE OLD OPERA HOUSE, LONDON . Erroll Sherson . . . . . 157PLAYING WITH GREEK FIRE . . . . R. S. • 157CORRESPONDENCE. BOOK REVIEWS. EDITORIAL NOTES. ILLUSTRATIONS. A NINETEENTH CENTURY SUMMER THEATRE INOLD LUBECK .f Anon . .j . Plate 13, Face 127VENICE PRESERVED, A Scene for the Lessing Theater,Berlin, 1904 ........ E. Gordon Craig . " 14, " 138PICTURE OF A THEATRE FROM THE NATIONALGALLERY, LONDON, attributed to . . . . Bibiena . . . " 15, " 146PLAN FOR A LITTLE THEATRE, Designed for Mmedu Barry by the Architect ...... Le Doux. . . " 16, " 154A JAPANESE NO MASK Anon . . . » 17, " 162A VIEW OF FIRENZE IN THE 17th CENTURY. . Valeric Spada. . • 18, ■ 170THE MADDERMARKET THEATRE, Two woodcuts . O. P. Smythe. . . . 142, 145PLAN SHOWING THE THEATRE DU MARAIS PARIS,1676. (Headpiece) ....... Anon . . . . . 146- • ' V- ■ ■Head and Tail Pieces from old and modern Designs. A NINETEENTH CENTURY SUMMER THEATRE IN OLD LUBECK. EPILOGUE TO VOLUME XII.HOW THE PRESS COULD SERVE ART. J. S. VEN IN MOMENTS OF THE HIGHEST HAPPINESS AND THE DEEPEST MISERY WE STAND IN NEEDF THE ARTIST. Goethe 1819.RTISTS ARE THE ONLY CLASS WHO HAVE NEVER OPPRESSED THE PEOPLE AND AGAINST WHOMHE PEOPLE HAVE NEVER RISEN. John Quinn, 1919. WHO are the best musicians in Europe ? Who the best writersof verse and of prose ? Who can erect the best buildings, andwho can stage plays best ? ln short, who are the best Eu- opean artists, never mind whether they have a European reputation&gt;r no, never mind for the moment whether their work is in demand,3r, if in demand, whether it is ungettable. Who are the best ?Then who are the next best, and who come third ?We want a proper enquiry to be made, and a fair statement nota false one.The '* Daily Mail " published an article recently signed "A No- velist ", asking " Who are our greatest writers ?" The name of ourbest prose writer was omitted from the list.Here we ask, not, who are the greatest, but who are the bestartists ; for, thanks to a too casual journalism, the word great hascome today to mean " popular".Enquiring therefore who writes music well, verse and prose well,who builds well, who paints, carves, and dances well, who best pro- duces plays which are well written and well acted, ....this we findthat no one is talking about. Cannot you now forgive the poor Edi- tors that they too do not know what the deuce all this talk aboutart means ? But doubtless in time re, when it's too late they will employ experts who know who is who in the world of art,not merely who is somebody. And then, on discovering who can paint,who can compose, write, produce and act, the great Dailies beingactually great might treat the information in a rather different wayfrom that in which they treat the information received about cricketers,society failings, and affairs of the law courts.We suggest this pertinently. In the great cities, London, Parisand New York, the arts are suffering a set-back, and it is not alittle the fault of the great Dailies. They are, one supposes, alwayshappy when they can draw attention to good work; where theyfail is in being unable to recognize anything but " great " work, whichnine times out of ten is great rubbish.The last thing the editors of the great Dailies suspect is thatthey are blind. They believe that they are remarkably clear sighted,and in so many matters this is true; in the matter of the arts theyare nearly all of them as blind as bats.For art matters they should allow the great city feeling to dominatetheir minds.Their great city has great theatres, great concert halls, galleries,publishing establishments, .... le, all are great concerns like great bake- ries or restaurants, closely related to the public health.Now good bread, good tea, cakes, milk, beef, mutton, veal, vege- tables and fruit are insisted on by the public for it knows. If it didnot know it would soon have an ache in its stomach; before longthe Public body would be rendered unfit. The Public body is kepthale and hearty because a great city must not be fooled about its food,and the Press helps to see that it is not fooled.But the great cities are fooled about their arts, and so the Publicmind is becoming unfit.One of the first steps towards a little improvement of this rathersorry state of things is for the Press to review the situation and lookat the whole question from a new angle from the only right one.The Press does not yet know who is who in the arts.When its representatives can afford time and money for discoveringwhat has been done and is being done by the artists, writers andmusicians of worth, and when they know, and when they tell Europe,and avoid telling the public tarradiddles about this important thing, they will be conferring a lasting benefit on all the nations. ALEXANDRE DUMAS AND HISADVENTURES AT THE THEATREFRANÇAIS. 1825-1851. By GORDON CRAIG. (1)* I cannot recall any review appearingin recent years which did justice tothis book.It is perhaps not the kind of book thatlovers of the Dumas romances wouldespecially take to, for it is all real and allabout actors and actresses. It is veryprecise history and at the same time iswritten as a perfect journalist would writeit, except that nowadays I suppose hemight be told to cut out about fiftywords in every hundred. Ido not knowabout this but I suppose so; and I sup- pose that Alexandre Dumas would notbe let off any more than anyone else.I will not presume to say that it wouldbe a wrong thing to cut it, to compressit, but I like it so much as it is, that Ifor one would not have it different ora word shorter.There is a good deal of this sort ofthing." You will? "" I will. "" When? "" Tomorrow." Tomorrow? "" Yes. "" You promise ? *'" I promise. "That is all froth, of course, but, byJove, under all that froth is solid rock. "My Odyssey first published in1868, is now in its English translationpublished by Stanley Paul and Co. Thisbook of eighteen chapters is not a hun- dred pages in length, yet the author ma- nages to tell you how he entered theTheatre and how he worked init for a period covering twenty-five years.The Theatre Frangais has been andstill is for me one of those theatres out- side and beyond criticism, and I do notknow exactly why. Perhaps, if I wentthere every night for a year, I shoulddiscover why it was well within the paleof criticism, but 1 prefer to look at itfrom where I am at a distance andto love on.Dumas entered this theatre at the ageof twenty-two, attempted to cope with itsimpossibilities, failed and triumphed, and fi- nally passed us this valuable book aguide for the formation of a National Theatreshould we ever want one.The Theatre Frangais is in someways exactly like every other theatre.It is for example a lions' den. Let othersrefer to it as a wasps' nest, I prefer lions.Into this den walks the most daring manthat ever entered it. Physically a giant,with a terrific youth on his side, with aknowledge of half of the silliness of theworld and a suspicion of the other half,with the very deuce in him, and with animmense common sense, he comes into thistheatre; is for twenty-five years insulted rightand left; is cut through thick and thin; andcomes out at the end blazing with pleasure,delighted with the old beast with whom he has had the tussle, and positively pat- ting it on the head.The Spectre of the Place appears onhis first page Mile. Mars 44 A dete- stable creature ", I thought after readinga few pages; but, before I had come tothe end of the book, 1 returned to my oldopinion of years ago, and liked her betterthan ever.Do you see how delightful this bookis! he makes the theatre 44 detestable "and 44 delightful ".He is none of your lickspittlers; heis not like so many authors of today, soartful with his flattery for the foolish partof a noble old profession; neither is hein a rage with its folly ; and he will nothold these people in contempt.Well -it is understood of Dumas thathe cannot sleep with contempt in hisheart—and yet the action of these peoplethrough the story of the Odyssey is con- temptible and nothing else.You would have said that they hadthe wit to know the difference betweenthose two opposite types, Victor Hugoand Alexandre Dumas, and would haverejected the former and hailed the latter ;yet, if anything, they were more respectfulto Victor Hugo. You would have saidthat on catching sight of this brilliantcreature, this combination of Porthos,Aramis, and d'Artagnan, with his fuzzed- up hair, his terrific person, breathing kind- ness, yielding adaptability in every look,in every act, ready to understand all thosethings which only a sense of humour canunderstand, in short a perfect man for thetheatre.... you would think, on catching sightof him, the entire company would cry4 4 The game is up! Let us for onceplay the game "; but they did nothing ofthe kind. There is a special reason whythey should have played the game betterwith him than anyone else. It was that he positively had their own faults. Hisnotions included the introduction of prancinghorses on the stage... he liked the highlydecorated... the spangles; he was all forsurprises sudden contrasts he coulddescend as well as ascend.Compare him for a moment with thelofty director Goethe. When an actresswho was the Duke's mistress came intothe Weimar theatre and gave the orderthat a poodle was to be introduced intoone of the forthcoming productions, Goethewas so offended that he left the theatre ofwhich for some twenty or thirty years hehad been the head; and naturally the entireprofession in Germany, in France, in England,and in Italy said ; 44 A fine sort of a philo- sopher to be the head of the theatre. Pouff 1Who wants a philosopher there. Paff!What we want is a man who understandsthese things, in short, somebody like us.We can follow a man like that". In1825 they got their somebody like them- selves Alexandre Dumas. Did theyfollow him 7 Not a bit of it. He mighthave been an old philosopher like Goethe.He might have been a litterateur likeBrowning. He might have been con- temptuous like Byron, or 4 profound * likeVictor Hugo: or he might have been Baco- nian like Shakespeare. He might have beenanything you can conceive with whichthey might reasonably have found fault,and he was none of these. He wasperfection: the very man for the theatre.His first tragedy was Christine a Fon- tainebleau. It was not, as he tells us, aclassical piece in the manner of Sophocles,but was on the lines of the new classicaltragedy as expounded by two Frenchmen,Legouve and Chenier. Now that is veryimportant. It means that he was givingthe French theatre something the Frenchtheatre was positively asking for 44 on thelines of the new classical tragedy . He adds that it is true that he hadtaken liberties in some of the scenes, ' li- berties at which Melpomene's hair wouldhave bristled, and that here and there hehad introduced a touch of humour. Yousee it, of course, at once, this touch ofhumour.... and its value to the Lions ofthe Comedie. It was the looked-forreason for a growl—anything serves withLions, growl, spring, rend and go tosleep.How is it possible to have a touchof humour in a tragedy ? Even in Londonit would have been a dreadful thing tohave dreamt of introducing a touch ofhumour, in spite of the fact that Shake- speare bristles with humour in his tra- gedies.Ah! That's different... Shakespearewas a gentleman—this is a negro.That it struck London in this wayis a fact, for in her " Records of a Girl- hood " by young Miss Frances Kemble,....Fanny Kemble, as she was known.... theyoung actress refers to a translation ofthis play by Dumas. Doubtless it hasbeen whispered to her that he was anigger, and in the houses she visited,especially in the house where she per- formed in private theatricals, performedthis second play of Dumas* " Henry 111and his Court", the notion of anybodyfaintly brown would have been an offence.It was in 1831 that Miss FannyKemble glanced over Lord Francis Eger- ton's translation of " Henry 111 and hisCourt ", and, alluding to one of thescenes between the Duchess of Guise andMegrine, remarks that she would think14 it ought to be very effective on thestage ". She even adds that " the situa- tion which is highly dramatic is, I think,quite new. I cannot recollect any similarone in any other play ". This is theextent of her enthusiasm and delight. Then she begins the rehearsals of itwith the amateurs. They produce it,calling it " Katherine de Cleves Atfirst she has nothing disagreable to sayabout it, and, as one reads these charm- ing 4 5 Records ", one likes to see thisyoung woman on the side of young thingsthat are " quite new ". But later on,having heard somebody sniff, and some- body else purr, she begins to pull AlexandreDumas to pieces, without mentioning hisname, of course.For example, she writes: "I actedpretty well, though my dresses are gettingshockingly dirty, and in one of the scenesmy wreath fell backwards and was obligedto take it off in the middle of all myepistolary agony; and, what was stillworse, after my husband had locked meup in one room and my wreath in ano- ther it somehow found its way back onmy head for the last scene. At the endof the play, which has now been actedten nights, some people began hissing thepinching incident. It was always consi- dered the dangerous passage of the piece,but a reasonable public should know thata play should be damned on its first night,or not at all ".Dresses wreath and a " pinchingincident " is all she finds to say of some- thing exceptional in Drama, This is pro- bably how Mile. Mars would also havespoken: it expresses a giggling lack ofcomprehension. It is as though someonewho had not quite fathomed " Macbeth "alluded to the apparition of Duncan as" that bogey bitAnd it illustrates very well the mindand spirit of the actors of the ComedieFrangaise as the plays of Dumas began toforce their way into that dear old building.Talma was dead and Talma was agood deal head and shoulders above pettyintrigue. He was somebody in the theatre and even Mile. Mars kept to the formaland respectful 44 you " when speaking tohim, though he used the familar 44 thou "to her.There is no calling a Talma 44 Frank,old chap " and that makes for good.But Talma was dead and the greatfigure from 1 826 to 1 839 in the 7 heatrewas certainly Mile. Mars. The men wereof small stature—there was little Firmin,reliable and excellent and little, and, true,there was a sort of ghost of Talma loafinground, a certain M. Lafon. Talma willbe glad that I refer to Lafon as a ghost,for he was an imitator of Talma, 1 think,even to the extent of falling in love withPauline Buonaparte after Talma had fal- len out.This M. Lafon must have been a verygreat nuisance, but he was not dangerouslike Mile. Mars.How sorry I am to speak of anyoneso delightful and such a perfect actress inthis disrespectful manner.But it is not so much I who speakas les coulisses which seem to echo witha certain enraged hissing, animated as theyare at night when the theatre is closedand all is dark, and visions of great thingstake form, and, among these great things,the thoughts, the endeavours and disap- pointments of this great man, Durnas.It is not right, Mile Mars, that you,and those who are like you, should do asyou do : should be unable to sit on yourself.Oh! I have written about this be- fore. Have 1 not got over it ? Have Inot got through and over to that thingwhich we call the ÜbermariNo!I have not!Can one not dream and long forsplendid things for splendid ACTORSlong after one has seen proof that thesesplendid things are. to be broken and flungabout by the whim of ignorant actors ? What was this Übermarionette? Wasit something better than Mile. Mars... thegreat Mars? Decidedly 44 No " and de- cidedly 44 Yes! '* It is more than she is,if she is less than herself, and if she isherself, it is nothing at all.Dumas tells us that Mile. Mars wasthe greatest person in this Theatre Fran- sais and that she was doing all she couldto prevent the Theatre from being itself—a superb and a sensible place.1 have spoken of Mile. Mars as dange- rous; yet she was no more dangerous in thestrict sense of the word than is an actorwho has just gone off the stage witha dagger saying the words" Hear it not, Duncan, for it is a knellThat summons thee to Heaven or to HellWhat then renders her dangerous,this most delightful of women ? Simplythis fact ; that you may not punish Mile.Mars fairly (only unfairly) for insubor- dination.The Rules of this Theatre Frangaisare admirable.In 1812, when Napoleon was inMoscow Vv'ith nothing to do, he drew upthese rules. So far as I know it is theonly theatre which has had rules drawnup for it by an Emperor who was atthe same time a man of sense.It is a formidable book of rules, this44 Decret de Moscou " (■), and you wouldthink that it would entirely suffice tokeep our delightful Mile. Mars in order.By this, please understand me to mean,sufficiently helpful to her, for her to keepherself in order.Bear in mind that this is soexceptionally well planned that, even aftermore than a hundred years, the theatrehas found practically nothing in it to alter.There have been revolutions since then, and there was plenty of opportunity tosmash up the Decree if it were one ofthose things that had been imposed on agroup of people against their will. Thereason why it has worked so well is be- cause it is a broad-minded piece of workand its 101 Articles make the actorsthink something of themselves.Each Article is sound and practical,and, as it were, addressed to reasonablepeople. It is the sort of thing which agreat ruler would draw up for an Aca- demy of savants or a modern organizerfor a big manufacturing firm. The twothings do not seem very much alike butthe Decree seems addressed to just twosuch bodies of people. It treats them likereasonable savants and like money-lovingemployees.The mixed solemnity... the theatrica- lity of this Decree, has, 1 won't say, en- tirely taken in all the actors, for anyactor if he wishes can note the stressNapoleon is always laying on the francs;but it has taken in most of them.Only a supreme actor could havedrawn this up, and let us add, only aman in sympathy with actors would havedrawn it up. It fools and flatters andit pays.Then why is it of no use to Mile.Mars ? The reason is that Napoleonhad lost sight of one fact. When heplanned for the theatre he was more orless planning as he would plan for thearmy. When he planned for an army heknew that he was dealing with men, nonebut men, and men who managed eachother. There could be no possible non- sense among them. Anything goingwrong, any trick, any bit of intrigue, oneagainst the other, was a thing that thewhole army would deal with, and it wasa very dangerous thing for any one todream of playing any such trick. Esprit de corps, do you call it, I donot know! I thought there was espritde corps in the theatre, but it seems thatit is not so, and maybe it is because inthe theatre a trick played by some unman- nerly actor not only goes unpunished butrather tickles the others and even findsfavour with some great ladies, Mile. Mars,for example, and wastes everyone's timeinto the bargain.Now Napoleon cannot have realisedthat his Decree had omitted Clauseswhich should deal with such people.It is beyond human nature to expectpeople to discipline themselves. I believein the Church the discipline is very sternindeed, although I am inclined to think it isnot half so effective as it is in the army—not so simple, not so quick, not so fair.And in the theatre it is necessary that thediscipline shall be very fair and verysimple and immediate. Where intenseexcitement waits upon the inspiration ofthese men and women to do their workwell, it is touch and go if the trick isbrought off, or if the trick fails.Heaven forbid that there should be aman introduced into the theatre, a pu- nisher, as it were, who walks about cor- recting us, and who says " I see youthere, intriguing—Out you go! " " Nowthen you,what do you mean by pretend- ing not to know your words, when youknow them quite well Off with you ".One does not want that.But what are you to have in place ofit? If, in Napoleon's army, somebodyskulked behind, he found himself suddenlyswinging to a tree. Why? You maysay the poor man had been feeling tired,or had a moment's terror, and are yougoing to punish him for that, you ask ?1 do not know what the answer is, butunless that man is punished, the whole armymay start skulking behind ; and it is pre- cisely the same answer that we giveabout the theatre. Do you want to seethe whole theatre of a nation driven offthe field, or a great institution like theTheatre Frangais crumble inside like acheese that has been eaten from inside outby the rats, which have left nothing butthe rind to stand up and look monumen- tal; is that what you want? It is notwhat I want, and I have no self-interestwhatever in the theatre, as I hope I haveby this time proved.I want to see certain Clauses addedto the Decree of Moscow, or in otherlike Decrees, or ordinary Book of Rules,which make it impossible for any actor oractress to put on airs, however great theymay be as an actor or actress.... impossi- ble for intrigue to grow in a theatre....impossible for wilfulness to take root.It was because Mile. Mars put on airsthat she was dangerous to the TheatreFrangais, and gave Alexandre Dumas somany years of unnecessary trouble.Actors seem to forget that they are,as it were, on a dangerous adventure,which is to capture the public. There- fore the public is in this sense their44 enemy ". It is against the public theirforce is to be arrayed, and it is not tobe wasted against each other.But how get that into their bones,into the bones of a M. Lafon and Mile.Mars ? If you cannot cut down the ra- tions of Mile. Mars, and you cannot, youcertainly cannot clout M. Lafon's head.It would be an outrage. There would bea scandal. It has never been heard of.But is it not quite as great an outrage,is it not quite as great a scandal forM. Lafon to act like an ignoramus, andfor Mile. Mars, to act, shall we say, likea cat, when M. Dumas has arranged thecaste a little differently from the way theywould like it? The first two or three years of Dumas'sexperiences in the theatre were probablymore than half wasted by these two people,and a few others of lesser significance,carrying on like boys and girls in a pre- paratory school •44 You won't441 shall *\44 You shan't ".44 Then I'll tell teacherReally this is more nonsense thandangerous, but when it becomes quite sononsensical it becomes fatal. And howcorrect it ?44 If there was away, do you notthink that somebody would have found itlong ago ? " is what the actors ask.There is a wav to be found—there is a•/solution to all problems. If you do notfind away in ten years, give another tenyears to finding it; if not, give a hundred,give two hundred, but do not say there isno way. And I commend this as theone worth - while theatrical riddle still un- solved and which is well worth solving,and I commend the Columbus method be- fore any other. A great deal of thinkingis not going to solve it. And, as yousee, a great deal of rare, good-heartednature is not going to get to it, or Dumaswould have solved it. If it could besolved by the entry of the god Apollo,smiling, and refusing to admit the presenceof clouds anywhere in his neighbourhood,Apollo would have solved it long ago.Apollo failed. Dionysius has failed tooand miserably. The theatre lays greatstore on the powers of Dionysius. Dio- nysius is somebody in their eyes. Theythink that a good bottle of champagneexpresses Dionysius to a tick. I shouldhave said that something nearer ecstasy didit, but they will have none of that high- brow stuff, so let us keep away from anysuch suggestion. Apollo, therefore, and Dionysius areout of it. How about a more modernholiness for example! One hears a gooddeal nowadays about church and stagecoming nearer to each other. Did notthe Archbishop of Canterbury only lastmonth utter these memorable words: '4 TheChurch stands today for something which,on the whole, is for untold good ".There seems to be nothing wrongwith that remark, only unfortunately, ifthere is worldly attention paid to ourstage by the clergy, there is very littleChristian kindness shown by them toactors. I hardly suppose that an actorwould be left by them to starve; noactor found wounded on the highroad butwould be carried by the reverend gentle- men many a mile to a safe refuge. Ofthat I have no doubt. But the clergyare not today offered such theatrical epi- sodes : nor is Christian burial any longerdenied. But how about speaking well ofthe work ? How about telling all thepeople in the neighbourhood to go to theplayhouse, to go and see the players ?Will the clergy be found asking parishionersthe question " How is it 1 did not see youlast week in the theatre ? "Do they say that ? Are they goingto say that? With all due respect tothem, 1 believe not.I have pretty positive proof that theyfeel obliged for some reason or other totreat the theatre with indifference, and Iam not at all out of sympathy with this,for nowadays it very often . deserves in- difference. And, while it is not christianto show indifference, a show of solid, hardindifference may be intended to act as acorrective.So you see that besides Apollo andBacchus, who are out of it, the religionof our fathers is not coming to help thetheatre over its problems. Now then, Mile. Mars, is all thisnothing to you ? You turn in your gravehearing me put such a question. Youknow all about it now.You know either that the questionsare not worth a fig. .... the theatre notworth a fig life itself not worth afig or you know that it was youwho were so often not worth a fig Now which is it?In a new Clause to be added to theDecret de Moscou, I would add one ortwo brief articles and one of them wouldbe this—" No actor or actress is to speak{other than those words written for himor her in their part) on the stage duringrehearsals ".A shriek rends the air—a shriek oflaughter and horror mixed.What a dastardly notion, what atyrannical suggestion, and how comic.Putting aside the question that in warthere is a smashing of heads and a slit- ting of throats, there is also that disci- pline which forbids a soldier to speakwhile he is at his work .... Silence andimmediate obedience .... Why? . . . Is itbecause some General or Captain is agreat, wicked, tyrant ? Not so, but soas to save the lives of everybody and towin the game.Mile. Mars answers me: " But sup- posing I want M. Lafon to go a littlemore to the right when I say: " Caesar,hear me ".To which as director I reply that ifI want M. Lafon to go a little more tothe right I shall say so, and you maytake him and place him where you wanthim, but do not speak.If, when he is placed, I find thatthat position will not do, I can tell himto go back; and besides it is not so es- sentially important that your fellow actorsshall be here or there, shall do this or that or the other, it is so essentialas you would make out. It is one ofthe delusions you have got in your head,after years of bad acting, this delusionabout getting other people to do whatyou want.You see how it was with AlexandreDumas. At the end of the writing ofHenri 111 and his Court" you calledM. Dumas up to the Directors' room.We notice that you did not speak tohim about the matter on the stage infront of all the other actors. This be- cause you know you are going to tell alie, but you have spoken of other thingsbefore the rest of the company. Thenyou call him up to the Directors' room,and, as he tells us, you come to the pointwith your habitual abruptness. You com- mence by saying: "Ah! It is you! ''That is one of your habits too, topretend that you have just caught sight ofthe good Dumas or the good Shakespeare,or the good Euripides, which ever it mayhappen to be.I remember a doctor who used to dothat; he, too, used to say: " Ah ! It isyou! " And I used to say to him in re- turn ; " And how are you today? Areyou well ? " This always had the de- sired effect. A doctor hates to be askedif he is well. But he was a good, kind,man, so let it pass.But you, Mile. Mars, you cannot passquite so easily. You say to M. Dumas :" It is you! " and you continue " Well,the thing to avoid is a repetition of thebungling you made over your last play" Christine "," What bungling? " he asks." In the caste " you say." That is true " says Dumas, " I hadthe honour to allot you the part of Chris- tine, but you did not play it ".Then a long conversation between you, aged fifty (by the bye you cannot mindmy mentioning this now) and he agedtwenty-six. This conversation is carriedon for about three quarters of an hour,by working up perfectly beautifully, asfew others could have worked up, asituation, to the climax where you aregoing to drop the little lie.Your interest in the way the play iscast is not only because of your ownpart, and certainly not so as to get aperfect whole. You are not thinking atall about that. Your entire object is toget a certain lady out of it.On goes the talk. You discuss thefilling of each role and you say yes orno, to everything he says yes or no to:.... M. Blank .... good .... Mme. Blankette.... very well—until you come to the partof the Page." And who have you chosen for that? "you ask.(You know quite well that the choicelies with the dramatic author, who shouldbe the best one to know who satisfieshis requirements. Or it might rest withthe Manager but never should it restwith you, such a decision).M. Dumas replies:" I have chosen Mile. Louise De- spreaux for the Page ", and - asks ifMile. Mars has any objection. "Is shenot pretty ? " he asks," Oh, very! " she replies " But itis not enough to look pretty "." Has she not talent ? "" They say she is promising "." Ah, Madame! " says the author" A good part may help one's talent todevelop "." You ought first to see that littlegirl playing the part " says Mars." I am still waiting for a good reasonto convince me that she is not fitted forthat part, " returns the author. " Well " says Mile. Mars—her voiceis getting quieter and her words are get- ting slower—" You shall see her dressedin tights "." Very well .... What shall 1 see? ""You shall see that she is shamefully .... knock-kneed! "Nov/ a soldier for such treachery wouldbe shot! Am I speaking true or not?I do not mind what Mile. Mars saysin her private life: she may have her likesand she may have her dislikes. We allhave them.But, when she brings them into thetheatre, she acts treacherously, and thereis nothing to exonerate her." What an awful thing it would be "whispers some actor or actress to them- selves " if this man was the Manager ofthe theatre .... popping us all off. Hewould be having us marched out of thetheatre between a couple of Life Guards! "As a matter of fact I am afraid Iam far too tender hearted, but I havemy moments!I admit that when it comes to think- ing of this old cause of ours, this theatre,I would have Rachel herself marched outof the theatre, and let the result be whatit might, if Rachel would stoop to suchlittleness.But so far as 1 know, and I havelooked into the history of the theatre ra- ther carefully, Rachel did not play thepuss and there are many equally goodexamples for the actresses to follow. But asthe Rachels may any day begin to fool,it is better that you have discipline in thetheatre, for then it is a thousand to onethey will not.It was the prompter of the TheatreFrangais who said to Alexandre Dumas" My dear M. Dumas, listen to me.Thirty years of observation, study, andreflection, have taught me that here in the Theatre Frangais, everyone has rights,and no one has duties".Dumas himself says:" Oh, the Theatre Frangais I It isa circle of the Inferno omitted by Dante,where God keeps those unfortunate au- thors, who are haunted by the singularidea of earning there one half of themoney they would get elsewhere, of beingallowed twenty-five performances insteadof a hundred, and in their declining yearsreceiving the Cross of the Legion of Ho- nour in recognition, not of their success,but of their sufferingsNot only does he say that, buthis third play, " Antony ", which hadbeen accepted by the Frangais and whichwas subjected to every conceivable trickwhich Mile. Mars could invent.... this play,one of the great plays of that time, wasobliged to be taken by its author out ofthe theatre in the midst of a rehearsal,so as to save its life. Six weeks laterhe produced it in another theatre withoverwhelming success.What led him to do this is set downin his brilliant " Odyssey *\One of the actors had been kindenough to say that he should take hisplay and have M. Scribe rewrite it.Do not imagine that this was meantin any sarcastic manner. Actors are notexactly like that. It was sheer, innocentadvice. This was the actor Firmin, avery " good friend " of Dumas, and aman of considerable weight in his profes- sion, not a man to storm up and downin a fit of nervous excitement, nor toworry. He comes up kindly to Dumasand says to him: "My boy, take myadvice as an old player and get M. Scribeto re-write this play of yours ".Is it consideration such people need? "Would consideration help such people?Will listening, to them do them, us* the play, the theatre, or the dramatic artany good?It is as though someone had said toWagner of his " Meistersingers' " Mydear Richard, take your opera to M. Balfeand let him work on it.... that is all itneeds "." The Meistersingers" was at thattime, or appeared to be, perhaps lessWagnerian than his other operas. Stupidpeople might have imagined that, in writ- ing it, he was trying to be a little moreusual, more ordinary, that he had flungaway a number of his Wagnerisms andwas coming down to them; and thereforeit would not have been even strange hadsome very foolish operatic singer givenhim that counsel to go to Balfe, becausethe fool would have said to himself: " Heis struggling to do it . ... he is strugglingto come down to us. Now I know thevery man who will help him down ".And so, of poor M. Firmin, one canonly say that it is nothing very strange ofhim that he made such a fat-headed re- mark : one can only imagine that most ofhis remarks were equally fat-headed.Having taken his play away from theFransais, Dumas, later on, takes another playback there. For, though sensitive, he is asolid man. The bygones of last week areentirely bygones with him. On returningto the theatre again about six years later, oneof the first people whom he encounters isMile. Mars." Ah, so it is you 1 " she says.This must have encouraged him: hemust have remembered where he wasagain . . . even if he wondered who he was.It is perhaps only Mile. Mars who islosing sight, of where she is and who sheis, for a rather tragic thing is happening.They are pulling Mile. Mars down....her own comrades are doing it. Theyare saying among themselves that she is just. a little bit old, and they are whisper- ing in the ear of Dumas, pulling him bythe tail of his coat, drawing him gentlyaside; they are saying " Tell her to playsuch and such a role " knowing that, ifthey can only get her to play the wrongrole, their little plan will bear fruit. Du- mas, smiling to the right, and smiling tothe left, keeps on his path.Everybody is certain that the youngman is going to let her down this time.Everybody is wrong.This is what he writes." Mile. Mars played the title role,and you all know with what success.But if 1 had accepted the opinion of thosewho call themselves friends of Mile. Mars,and had given the part of Mile, de BelleIsle (and that was the name of the play)to Mile. Plessis, and that of Mme. de Prieto Mile- Mars, my play would have beenperformed at the Odeon like Christine "or at the " Porte St. Martin " like " An- tony ". But my insistence set me atvariance, or nearly so, with the most in- fluential members of the Committee ofthe Comedie Frangaise, who wanted toget rid of Mile. Mars and who had evenhad funeral wreaths cast at her feet onthe stage ".1 should say that there would be no- body in the theatrical profession of Eng- land who would not enjoy this book, ifonly to see how gallantly young Dumasstood by this old actress, who had treatedhim like a dog, saying to those whotraduced her " Who has genius like thatof Mile. Mars never grows old ".Yet the example was lost on thiscompany of actors—it was a sterner les- son it needed.One supposes that the men would beall right in a theatre—they would ap- preciate discipline—the trouble lies withthe women who, if we are to believe the histories of the stage, wreck nearlyall theatres.How is it proposed to discern be- tween those women who can and do playthe game and those who do not? Howis it proposed to correct those who willnot play fairly ? Merely refusing themengagements is stupid, for that only losesyou and the British stage a fine per- former. For very often the finer the per- former the more unruly the woman. Theremust be some better way of dealing withthe question. There should be some wayfound of setting about discovering it at once.Meantime, nothing shows how neces- sary this is better than does Dumas's book,which I suggest you should read at once.But people may say that all this talkof the need of discipline, and of the trou- blesomeness of actresses, is exaggerated:therefore before accepting what I say Ibeg of them first to read this book byDumas. Then Arsene Houssaye's 44 Be- hind the Scenes of the Comedie Fran- chise ". Houssaye was for five yearsdirector of that theatre—from 1852to 1856. Thierry, another director of theFrangaise, should be consulted too, lestDumas, Houssaye and I have made somemistake. The evidence of these three autho- rities having been taken, appoint a furthercommission to enquire into the furtherquestion—the troublesomeness of dramaticauthors. The stage, like most else, is likea garden ; —it needs the gardeners andit needs weeding, and continual attention.Such gardeners, men who understandand value the stage, will not treat actors,actresses, plays, sceneries, architects, anyworse than they treat roses, lilies, pansies,chrysanthemums and dahlias ;—but theywill cut and control their growth; for, ifleft to grow as their own instinct woulddirect them, they would straggle andspread, and, what is far worse, admit weeds, which would grow twice as quicklyand twice as strong, and these would intime kill all our lovely roses, lilies andpansies.So, discipline the stage. It is orga- nized sufficiently but it still lacks discipline. (') MY ODYSSEY by Alexandre Dumas StanleyPaul &amp; Co Ltd. London. 7/6 net.The trifle is the second part of a volume entitled ' * MyLife's Ambition We beg of Messrs Stanley Paul &amp;Co toissue a Popular Edition of the 44 Odyssey " in papercovers at a shilling with the title 44 Dumas pere and hisAdventures at the Theatre Frangais". Ed. (i) See " The Mask Vol. X. No. 2. April 1924.. THE SUMMER THEATREIN OLD LUBECK. A. C. &lt;l) THIS (2) is that Germany which remembered Goethe andlistened to Schubert. A sensible, active and pros- perous people is here seen at its sentimental best.The Germans should not have listened to the ruderemarks from Paris ....that vain Paris which considereditself the only place on earth where culture and goodsense prevailed.These old Lubeck folk did their best to listen only toSchubert and Goethe, and to go on working sensibly andactively. But the wasps of Paris managed to sting allGermans,—even the rulers and thinkers felt the sting,. , andforthwith called on their people to be rid of their senti'mentality and become hard.The thing will all come right in the end ; these peo- ple are sincere; and they had so little need to listen toany call to become hard ; they were if anything quite hardenough—and they knew it.Only a solid race could create so pleasant a theatrein the open like this, and then engrave it so carefully.They knew quite well that it wasn't hardness they needed,it was grace, polish. Their speech, their movements, theirrough good-hearted salutation of each other, their excessiveawkwardness, their heavy jokes—and good bier— ail thesethings were a bit solid but they were all quite real.This is more than the destitute Parisians could say,...they who had worn out life and created a pretense in placeof it. Germany was alive ; Gluck, Goethe, Schiller, Haydn,had passed ; Beethoven was passing and Schubert: Heineand Mendelssohn still singing on. Wagner was coming.Exactly : Wagner was coming; and where would thissensible perfection of old Liibeck vanish to then ? Dear oldLiibeckites, you in your good sense have settled that it willtake you two hundred years longer to ripen slowly, to ri- pen so as to remain entirely German and yet be more than" Germans " ; and here comes Wagner, and with andafter him a number more who want to force things"vorwarts", to ripen up Germany artificially.Well, I am in sympathy with your old power to wait;to work, to deal honestly and to amuse yourselves a little ;to be very sentimental, and above all too serious, toogood-natured ever to quarrel. And I like to fancy that 1 find all these qualities in this little print. (1) One of the four republics of the German Confederationof 1866.(2) See Plate 13. ON A BOOK ABOUT ONEOF OUR ENGLISH ARTISTS:MARGARET MORRIS. G. C. MISS Morris's book f1) I have not read,but I have read Mr. L. St. Se- nan's review of her book which appearedin the " New Criterion ".Mr. St. Senan compares pretty MissMorris with M. Diaghileff. Was it todamn the Russian impresario that he didthat ? 1 can conceive no other intention.If you compare a rose with a plate youare obviously having a sly, if absurd, digat the plate. If you compare even a ra- dish with a fine antimacassar you are notlaughing at the radish, and Miss Morrisis after all a pretty English rose.Had Mr. St. Senan compared MissMorris with any other danseuse—withMiss Allen, or Miss Ruth St. Denis, forexample— he would have done a littlebetter. Self-trained dancers must be com- pared with other self-trained dancers ....notwith machinery.Mr. St. Senan tells us that M. Diaghileffhas " made history in the art of the theatrenot once but over and over again ". Hehas done no such thing. He has causedseveral groups of dancers to make a suc- cess over and over again.v He has thatknack —he is really a good impresario.But he is not the Chevalier Noverre. OnlyIsadora Duncan has " made history " inthe Dance of this century.Critics grow a little confusing who,for no particular reason, compare platesand flowers. M. Diaghileff does not dance,does not sing, does not act, does not, I amtold, even whistle. He manipulates thosewho dance, those who train dancers, those* who design scenes, and those who directorchestras.He has been probably the first tolend the Impresario something which inappearance looks very like the true artist.In any other age M. Diaghileff wouldperhaps have attempted diplomacy andbecome Valet de chambre to a prince,—a great personage like M. Bachelier, va- let de chambre to young Louis XV. Hispersonality lends a grace to the Euro- pean stage which was not possessed byM. Astruc or Phineas Barnum. I knowof another theatre man who seems pos- sessed of even more indifference, evenmore certainty about what he is doing;he is an Italian impresario, but he worksless in the limelight than M. Diaghileffand seems in no way to be the great mannor to desire such a celebrity.Such men can be compared for onecompares them with Mr. Cochran and withM. Herbelot; but none of these can pos- sibly be compared with Miss Morris.Miss Morris is a very excellent dancer,suffering because Mr. St. Senan and hiskind will not make a little effort to standby her and her English faults and qua- lities. Is she too technical?—is she tooprecise?—is she too light?—is she tooheavy ? I'm sure I do not know. Butwhatever she is, we could have had aBallet of our own long ago if, instead ofbeing ashamed of our own dancers, wehad stood up for them all a good dealbetter. Miss Morris might long ago havedeveloped if we had encouraged her. Wedid not ; we never do encourage our ar- tists, not even when critics are throwingbricks at them.I suppose it is bad form to encou- rage since it is considered good form tobe ashamed of them. Good form or no,it is anyhow damn bad behaviour andshows a wretched spirit to drive our stage artists, who would experiment, into findingtheir own little theatres and paying forthem, or more or less paying, out of theirown meagre purses.For there are patrons of the Arts inLondon ; oh, yes. They will give an ar- tist £ 100, even £ 200 (if the artistworries sufficiently) ; and for that they feelthemselves privileged to say to London44 Yes, I am supporting her art " or, 44 Thatis my special charitySpecial fiddlesticks.If Miss Morris is not better develop- ed as a dancer (and Mr. St. Senanseems to feel she is not) it is his faultand the fault of those he listens to andechoes, and the fault of all those won- derful 44 Patrons " of the Arts in London.How the sensible folk in London al- low them to block up the road whenpeople are trying to get on, I find hardto understand. There they are, smilingtheir eternal smile of self-satisfaction whilethey down all that is English—if it havesome talent and independence by sup- porting it too feebly. Miss Morris, if sheis independent, is so in spite of them.I need not expect her to do whatTaglioni did in order to appreciate whatshe does.... in order to see what shecould do if properly supported.If she was first of all driven into apseudo-artistic set it is the fault of ourEnglish critics, who fail year after year tocombine and demand in a group whatthey are too timid to demand indivi- dually,... fair play, fair training, fair payand fair opportunity for all English artistswho are beginning.Who wants merely praise or blamefrom critics ? What critics are made foris to see first of all that the conditionsunder which artists are working in Londonare at least as good as the conditions ofthe East end slums. The conditions are worse.Who comes to enquire—to help ?The Prince of Wales?... the Duke oiYork? No, the Bishop of Rumtifoo.Scepticism enquires, reports, grins, turnsits back, and art is prevented.But M. Diaghileff, you say ? Ah,M. Diaghileff ! ! ! M. Diaghileff is fromRussia ; he has talents all of which 1 haveacknowledged, all but 0ne.... the art ofraising the wind. He has that art assu- redly. If Miss Morris had it you'd allbe at her feet „ tomorrow.Are we to suppose that Miss Morriscan raise even £ 50 easily, we who candraw our cheques for £ 1000 as easily aswe can call a taxi and say 4 4 to the RussianBallet"? No one has a notion how muchgood material is lost to the arts in Eng- land because of the sheer poverty of theartists—and their inability to pay their way.You cannot quite wear down aWiiliam Blake—he has a pencil and canafford three new brushes when he sendsout for his porter—and he has a friend—one. And two rooms. But you caneven make a William Blake tedious bythrowing him back year after year on hislast resources :On his one friendtwo Roomsand three new brushes.In England we make mistakes oftenbecause we don't know. We have kil- led and continue to kill our artists be- cause we didn't know, if we go ondoing this we shall wake updone morningand know right enough and know exactlytwenty-four hours too late. We shallhave tried to kill the wrong artist and hewill object.I repeat that the conditions underwhich our artists work in England areworse than the conditions of the worstEnglish slums. Daily we hear of young artists whowant to put an end to their existence:—they see that no one wants their workas it is—when it is good. Sometimes byGod's luck some good being happens topass along—buys a picture—or an engra- ving—and the lad is saved. But it's touchand go. I know several cases of this wea- ring down of the artists.When they are more solid and canstand more, (Miss Morris for example)the folk think it a cue to put a greaterstrain on them. So they„ pelt them withplates, Diaghileffs and other bric-a-brac.You go to the wrong people to en- quire as to the condition of the EnglishArtists. They tell you that all is quitewell and the artists rather spoiled thanotherwise. That is an untruth.I ask for the sixtieth time in thisjournal for fair play for the artists anddecent pay. I ask for something to bedone to dam the rush of amateurs—mostlysociety ladies and gentlemen—who imaginethat a Miracle has happened and endowedthem suddenly with powers of expressionequal to that of Rachel, Fanny Elssler,Jenny Lind or Miss Elinor Wylie.They push forward and shove rudelyinto places which are not theirs and arenot free. American impresarios assistthem : it is such a draw to' have areal Society bird, as Mr. James Glovercalls them, in place of the genuine nigh- tingale.I ask that these people be very dis- tinctly given the cold shoulder—and yourartists a warmer welcome. It is the only fair-play thing to do. (1) Margaret Morris Dancing : by Margaret Morris andFred Daniels. (Kegan Paul, Traubner, Trench &amp; Co.10/6 net. THE CHANCESFOR AND AGAINST GOOD THEATRES IN PROVINCIAL CENTRESIN ENGLAND, WITH SPECIAL REFERENCE TO THEMADDERMARKET THEATRE OF NORWICH. E. G. C. INTERIOR OF THE MADDERMARKET THE ATRE. PART TWO I. THE PLACE &amp; THE FINANCIAL ASPECT. •"""IpHE Theatre has only one endowment:1 Mr. Monck. I call him an endowmentbecause any theatre owned and directed bya stage manager of energy who has solecontrol, is endowed. Energy and undividedcontrol is an immense asset.It cost him £3,300 to buy the place andadapt the building to his requirements, Mr.Noel Paul being called in to devise the re- construction. When it was opened in Sep- tember 1921 it was seen to somewhat re- semble an old Elizabethan stage, though itis by no means a slavish imitation of one (2).A pi ace to play-act in is what was aimedfor and a place in which to play-act wasachieved.It holds 250 persons and about £25 canbe taken at an evening's performance, moreat a matinee when the prices are raised. As a rule prices are 5/—, 3/—, 2/4 and 1/6;and £l3O is the average takings per week.£l9O has been reached on the week, andsometimes the takings only amount to £lOO.A member of the Company of Playersattends to the box office, and this Companyof players pays £2OO a year for the right toact in the Theatre.Thus the Company is, after Mr. Monck,the next important item or asset and endowsthe theatre with whatever talents it mayposses;—at one year it will be stronger thananother year. THE COMPANY OF SEVENTY PLAYERS. THIS is a serious group of people, and, inthe sense that all of them play for thelove of acting, they are amateurs.It rests entirely with them whether as agroup they develop, how they develop andhow long they give themselves to do so.There are one or two roads open to sucha group. They may strengthen one another,or the majority may be willing to strengthenand support the four or five best players;—or they may all sacrifice their own talents inorder to develop two or perhaps three oftheir members who possess marked talent.This company has doubtless come to a deci- sion which of these roads to take, for anyindecision in such a vital matter would befatal.Either road is a good one: the second isto my mind the soundest.The players number about fifty men andtwenty women: a respectable number for asmall playhouse, but not a member too few.As I have said, all of these are amateurs—amalori d'arte, lovers of art as Italians wouldcall them; and no professional actors are em- ployed. This is a strong point, and showsthat the head and the body of the underta- king both understand well what it is theyare out to do. They are out to go twoways at once.Had the information I have received toldme that now and again professionals are in- vited to cooperate 1 should have turned awayand taken no further interest in what wouldhave been to my mind a doomed undertaking.I am not a particular lover of " lovers ofart", ie, amatori d* arte, and the northernkind I like less than any others;—but when any body of men and women can firmly andsensibly come to a decision to do some- thing and deliberately refuse outside assistance,it looks as though they were out to winthrough. If they fail it is to be their ownfault.Each member of the company has his orher own work to do during the day time.Whether dress-making, office work, shop workor seeing to their own houses I have notenquired.It is sufficient for us that we know thatthe play-acting is night-work after the work- hours of the day.Thus they come to this play-acting as arefreshment, and strengthened by the labours oftheir day's work. They rehearse in the eve- nings between six and ten o'clock.It is said that there are no " stars " in thetheatre, and that the leading lady and leadingman of one play take walking-on parts inanother. This was (and may be still is) thecustom of the now famous company of playersunder Lady Gregory and W. B. Yeats inDublin. (l) ~But a " star" is a " star" walking orspeaking, acting or " doing nothing ".There is a danger (though not a verygrave one) in this assertion " none of them are' stars '". It smacks (ever so faintly) of snob- bery. It is a phrase to be avoided...a boastthat is worthless and therefore, when used,apt at times to be mistaken for affectation.One knows what is implied,—but as amatter of hard fact it means very very little.When Le Kain and Talma were ama- teurs the companies surrounding them mayhave said the same thing—" we are all alike,none of us are stars ". But nothing on earth(except heavy and unjust stupidity, and Igrant that this can work miracles backwards)can ever prevent Le Kain and Talma being' stars' and twinkling a bit more than anyothers even from their first entrance as supers.That such ' stars' can discipline themselvesnever to outshine their less gifted fellowsis obvious: or they can be brought to seethe value of holding in some of the rays oftheir genius by an able director. They canhelp the lesser stars to shine a bit brighter...but.... Any group of players which can come toa sound agreement to play " one for all, allfor one " is wise; ...it has chosen the safestof all paths.I rather hope the Maddermarket grouphas done this.In the Moscow Art Theatre,—a companywhich began with Amateurs and developedinto professionals this charity, friendship,towards each other, call it what you will,seems to have guided them; and the Direc- tors brought a good deal of sound strengthof a commonsense order to see that there wasno wandering from this sensible path. THE REPERTORY. THEY play all sorts of pieces, and in myopinion that is the right thing to do as astart:—French plays, Russian and Norwegianplays, plays from Greece, India and Japan areall tested, besides those of England. Opera toois tried. But the most popular with the au- dience are the plays of Shakespeare, Sheridanand Shaw, and the company is most at homein Shakespeare and the eighteenth centuryEnglish Drama.Each play is given for a week of sixnights and one matinee, about nine playsbeing given in a year, three weeks beinggiven to prepare a play, although of courseany difficult work can be cogitated for a yearor longer.The season as a rule extends from Sep- tember to May. THS DIRECTOR AND HIS ASSISTANTS. HEAD of the Theatre and the Playersstands Mr. Nugent Monck, and at hisside a small but able staff of three consistingof Mr. Owen P. Smythe—one man in chargeof the lighting,—and a charwoman.Now with all due respect for the yokelswho like a bit of fun, I will trouble you tofollow me seriously and carefully, and post- pone your merriment until you too have donea. bit of char work, lighted a stage, paintedscenes, and generally make a good show pos- sible.The charwoman, had it been Shakespeare'splay-house, might not have been Ann Hatha- way; more's the pity that there is room forthe doubt. To keep a little theatre clean and bright as a new pin, is so much towardsthe foundation of a National Theatre. Youwill not, 1 am sure, deny it.To avoid going round begging for £60,000so as to enlarge the staff, to have three char- women, six lime-lighters, so as to provide" sufficient room to the director to rehearsein " (vide Mask. Page 76,77) is another steptowards a National Theatre. To avoid askingfor £ 100,000 to rebuild a Memorial Theatreto Shakespeare, asking Americans and Japa- nese to help, is a third step towards a Na- tional Theatre.It is these things, when refrained from beingdone, which do actually help to achieve aNational Theatre far more than do pretentiousappeals of the kind I have referred to.Mr. Monck's staff of three are the onlyprofessionals who are in the Maddermarket.Mr. O. P. Smythe's work 1 have notseen—his wood cuts reproduced here, showingthe outside and inside of the playhouse, seemto me the work of a man who would havea great number of good notions for his chiefto carry out; and who could also carry outwhatever his chief wanted done.Mr. Smythe not only designs the scenes;he attends to their making and, assisted bymembers of the Company, puts them up andshifts them.No other scene-shifters proper are em- ployed.The wardrobe is also managed by theplayers.Mr. Monck has a particular talent forlighting and. colour effects as they are callednowadays;—and here he finds an able colla- borator in Mr. Smythe. THE AUDIENCE, CRITICS AND ALL. ARE the townsfolk sympathetic to this stead- fast and honest purpose of Mr. Monckand his players?1 am told they are, and that there is anever increasing interest in this attempt to sup- ply what is wanted, for, at what 1 consider,an exaggeratedly low price.Why, it costs more than 5/— as a ruleto go to a draughty drill hall and listen to adull lecture on the theatre ; whereas here onegets one's theatre without the lecture.And an essentially English theatre too—by no means riotous. Compared with the Opera House in Paris in the eighteenth cen- tury it might even be considered bleakly Pu- ritanical ; so I am more surprised than everto hear that the great Church is indifferenttowards the little Maddermarket, and I reallybegin to think no one can have mentionedits existence to the pastor fido.The audience is enthusiastic but applauseis discouraged during a scene, the plays run- ning rapidly along with but one intervalwhen possible, and this is invariably so withthe Shakespeare plays.This is an admirable rule. LOCAL INDIFFERENCE. THERE is one thing I have to regret, andI keep it till the last.It seems that, while a number of men ofculture and commonsense live in the neigh- bourhood, and many are writers, none havetaken sufficient interest in the little Madder- market to write about it, let alone write playsfor it. There is an opportunity for men ofsense who are living round about Norwich todo something not only to help popularize thisplayhouse, but to help its director to deve- lop the work done during the season.Theatre men won't take every stray bitof advice—but no sound advice is lost on asensible manager of a Theatre if offered inthe right way by any wise man who is onthe spot and who can write with authority,be it to praise or to blame. (I)Every day I read eulogies of " The OldVic " in the London Press. All the wisemen, as well as the less wise ones, seemhelplessly unable to refrain from gushing overthe excellent little effort made by theseSurrey-side players.That sort of thing the Maddermarket cando without, and be grateful it has not re- ceived it. But wise counsel or a sympatheticand sensible warning now and again givenin private is due to this group, and encou- raging financial support t00.... and this latterwould come if some of the writers aroundNorwich would go and see what actuallybeing done by Mr. Monck and his players andwould confer with them as to what it is theywant to do further. MY reason for writing at this length aboutthis playhouse is that there are certainelements in the management which strike meas very sound. If people in the neighbour- hood would help to strengthen some of theweaker elements—one of which seems to bethat people are allowed to visit the actorsand actresses in their Greenroom where teais brewed, Norwich would not suffer: onthe contrary, Norwich would gain enormously.I have refrained from all advice.., I maybe allowed to offer a scrap now. Excludeeveryone except the workers from the stage,Greenroom and all.And wishing Mr. Monck well, I remain,sincerely, (1) Mr. Monck is the son of the Rev. G. G. Monck ;he studied at the Royal Academy of Music under the admi- rable William Farren: made his first appearance on thestage in 1901 at the Royalty Theatre in a play byBjornson-, Served until 1904 with the Irish Players andother Companies; served in the txmy 1914 to 1919.Has produced at Norwich over euhty different plays.(2) Mr. Monck has worked with Mr. William Poel, (J) It was the custom of the famous Meiningen Com- pany—of the Moscow Art Theatre, ...a custom somatomesmore honoured in the breach than the observance, (1) Not only to write, ....to talk, things over, to cometogether, at some old home in the neighbourhood wherethe master of the house is a man of breeding and liberality. VIEW OF THE EXTERIOR OF THEMADDERMARKET THEATRE. THE chances against good theatres in theprovinces are legion : the chances for goodtheatres are few.Let a theatre but have these chances,allow groups to work together and stick to- gether allow a manager the rights ofmanaging give them support encouragethe people of the town to show enthusiasm insist on the influential members of the townshowing some sense of appreciation expectat least the church, the trades, the aristocracyto set an example in this matter, and Englandcan have a hundred good little theatres to- morrow.Would it be a blessing to a hundredtowns to be able to hear and see all thebest plays in the English language or wouldit be a bore ? ... It all depends on thePublic.One last word to the Public: wake up : for the actors are doing their levelbest and you are not. THREE BOOKS ONTHE THEATRE OFEUROPE. FRENCH, ITALIAN AND ENGLISH. J. B. SHOWING THE THEATRE DU MARAIS, PARIS, 1676. (BUILT 1623). A PAINTING OF A THEATRE ATTRIBUTED TO BIBIENA.AND SINCE 1876 PRESERVED IN THE NATIONAL GALLERY, LONDON.The painting was once listed in the National Gallery Catalogue as representing "TheTeatro Farnese, Parma and as being the work of Ferdinando Bibiena. There islittle evidence as to the artist but it certainly does not represent the Teatro Farnese,Parma. Is it perhaps a theatre belonging to the Farnese family — perhaps onceexisting in Parma? — and is the scene on the stage a Bibiena scene? Plate 15. I.THE FRENCH THEATRE. ■ HH'MuMMJilMiniUMlMWcM MliiMMMmimri in II II minim in ■■ n.i an ■»»1I«IH'»I| I I H ■ IH« I HI ■ m»» ■|T is very ambitious in a historian of theI theatre to attempt to give the public, inone volume of four to five hundred pages,the story of the theatre of Paris in the eigh- teenth century, when it requires, i suppose,at the very least eight to ten volumes.And therefore anyone who succeeds musthave the art of elimination to his finger ends.That Monsieur Max Aghion has succeededin producing a very charming book, to lookat, and to dip into, is obvious; but whenyou search for certain facts, then it is that youdiscover the elimination.When bent on this quest, one turns in- stinctively to the end of a book for the index.This book does not possess one. SEARCHING FOR FACTS. | wanted to find out something about the1 architect, Moreau, he who built the secondOpera House in the Palais Royal in 1770,and who, to the history of the eighteenthcentury Paris theatre, is as important to hisday as Sir Christopher Wren is to the En- glish theatre of the seventeenth century. Atlast I located M. Moreau. 1 found him atlast on Page 205. I began to make an indexfor M. Aghion; a very bad thing to do, whenone has only a few years in which to doone's own work; and all I found aboutM. Moreau was that he had built this OperaHouse in 1770, and I knew that already.What I did not know and looked for washis christian name. 1 do not know it now.Presumably M. Max Aghion lives in Parisand this christian name of M. Moreau is tobe had by looking it up in the BibliothequeNational, at least so I imagine. I alsowanted the day and year of his birth, andthe day and year of his death. But thesetoo are denied me. It is enough to put onein a rage to think that elimination should becarried to such excess as this. That of coursewas only my first thought. I was not goingto be cross for lack of a couple of dates anda couple of names. SOPHIE ARNOULD. I decided I would shift this responsibility1 of being cross on to some other reader,and on his behalf I turned to look up allabout Sophie Arnould. I found eight lines,and then the author is done with Sophie, andshe possibly one of the three most importantfigures in the French theatre of the eighteenthcentury. In these eight lines i learn thatshe appeared at the age of seventeen for thefirst time at the Opera. That later she wasthe Iphigenia and Eurydice of Gluck, and thatshe had little success at first because hervoice lacked fullness; but that she had anumber of admirers in that she was an excel- lent tragedienne and said many a witty andmalicious thing.Of course when you are the Historianand have to touch on another three or fourhundred performers, you have to eliminatemuch information about Mademoiselle Sophie.1 was not in search for this informationbecause I already had it, but the other rea- der, to whom I referred just now, will be allat sea that he cannot discover when shs wasborn, when she died, and when she retiredfrom the stage; how much she was paid,why she retired, and what kind of womanshe was. I have full sympathy for this rea- der, because knowing what this so-called impure was, 1 am sorry that he has missedany of her perfections.Passing from the operatic tragedienne tothe dancers, we come almost immediately onthat remarkable lady, Mile. Salle, whom theauthor says was a ballerina who also had agreat number of admirers " supremement ele- gante, volupteuse, infiniment droite, cette mimesavante inventa pour ainsi dire le " balletd'action " and that is all.It does not seem to me to cover thisdancer.And so with most of the other figures inthe theatre of Paris—the information is briefand rather less to the point. THE ILLUSTRATIONS THE book is full of a number of interestingillustrations rather badly reproduced. Whe- ther the art of making a half tone plate isdying out or not, I cannot say, but thesehalf tone plates are not very good. Theauthor has given us six or seven which arenot often found in other books, and one verydelightful frontispiece in colour, which has, Ithink, never been reproduced before, cer- tainly never reproduced so charmingly. Butthe worst of it is these pictures are for themost part on the wrong pages.For instance, Mile. Larrivee and Mons.Wolter are both shown upon Page 76, butdevil a word about them on that page; andI should have to give a good half-an-hourhunting to find a word about her or perhapsnot a word about him, on another page.Under the picture is written : " Mile. Larrivee dans *' Thetis et Pelee ",and of course everybody knows that " Thetiset Pelee" was written by Colasse and Fon- tenelle and that it was performed in 1689and repeated in 1697, in 1699, in 1708, in1712, in 1723, in 1736 and in 1750; butMonsieur Aghion does not say in which ofthese productions the charming Mile. Larri- vee appeared. Perhaps she appeared in all!!I am left in doubt.He does not say who drew this charm- ing sketch of her although, to judge from thereproduction, you will suppose it to be byBoquet. I myself would like to have beeninformed with certainty of this and also toldwhen it was drawn and when M. Boquetwas born and when he died, o THE "COLLABORATEURS". o I shall have to travel all the way to Franceto find out, unless one of M. Aghion's ' col- laborateurs ', as he calls them, will tell me.These his assistants are some of minetoo:—their names he gives us:—MM. Brazier, J. Bonnasies, H. Beaulieu,E. Boysse, A. Cahuet, E. Campardon, C. G.Etienne and A. Martinville, F. Gaiffe, A. Ju- lien, S. Lenel, E. de Manne, C. Menetrier.Th. Muret, A. Pougin, Porel and G. Monval,A. Royer, P. and L. Duchartre.These nineteen collaborateurs are authorsof the 19th and 20th centuries, and M.Aghion has dipped into their books andhas extracted what he needed—it is a nicefresh way of speaking about predecessorswho have laboured in the same field. I feelthat next time I take a dip in the ocean Itoo shall feel like a collaborateur in it, but Ido not know if I shall be as justified as isM. Aghion. But when Ido come to collabo- rate with the sea, I shall not be at liberty tocome out and spell " fish " " fesh ". I mustspell it " fish and really M. Aghion, hav- ing collaborated with Camp ardon, should spellthe great Italian actor " Fiorilli" with an iand not " Fiorelli" with an e.In short it is a book for people to pickup who know nothing about the subject and togather some of the information they couldonly acquire by buying twenty or thirty books.Unfortunately it is rather too large and expen- sive for all of us to pick it up in that light- handed manner.Although it toys too often with you, youcannot toy with it.It is not an important book but is boundto possess a charm for those who like thingswhich come and go lightly. II.THE ENGLISH THEATRE. AND now to the consideration of a fewbooks which have appeared during thelast four years all of which deal with thetheatre.I have made out a list of thirty, fifteencheap and fifteen expensive ones (l). I think I will give you the full list of thethirty books, so that you can see my reasonsfor selecting these two headings,... cheap andexpensive.And after considering this list for a weekor two, I have come to the conclusion thatthe finest book that has been published onthe theatre in these three years is the volumeproduced by the Walpole Society (collabo- rating with the Malone Society) " Designsby Inigo Jones for Masks and Plays at Court "price 21 I—; and the second best is "11 Tea- tro Nazionale " by Achille de Rubertis, pricesix-pence.A simpler, more unpretentious book than"11 Teatro Nazionale" at six-pence cannotbe produced, and a finer and more unpreten- tious book than Inigo Jones' Designs at aguinea cannot be produced.In neither case do the authors nor publi- shers seem to wish to make money. Youcan make it by trickery. Youcan make it bysticking on a thick cover, covered with somegaudy cloth and some flashy gold, by printingthe plates on unnecessarily weighty paper;or you can make it because you feel that yourname " Bobbie &amp; Sons ", let us say, needs agood, fat profit, and that is all very proper inits own way, but it does not win the laurels. o THE WALPOLE SOCIETY. o THE laurels go to the Walpole Society, andmay they print many a book and win manymore laurels, but a spray of the wreath goes tothe little insignificant bit of a book " II TeatroNazionale " and its author-publisher de Rubertis.Of this little sixpenny book I will cometo write later on. It is the Inigo Jones bookwe will stop and consider now. I havewritten about it before—a year or so ago.What of that! Is it so great a marvel, thisbook, that we must think of it as of a comet:gaze, and gape, and forget it after nine days?I think it is rather more extraordinary than acomet. I would like to fix it as a star.Those who have reviewed this book farbetter than I could (since they were trainedto do it) have been at a disadvantage.They too were forced to gaze and gapebecause to them what, after all, is a bookon the 17th century theatre. It is one of thefifty to sixty books they are obliged to reviewin the course of a year, and as it is one of the most illusive of books, it must have irri- tated them past bearing, and they must beglad to forget it. I, on the other hand, amglad to remember it; it grows upon me sinceI work with it, and every six months I seehow much better it is than I did when Ifirst glanced through it.In every sense it is a book made to last,and costs less than a new hat.It has 56 full page plates, one colour- plate, and a number of designs in the text,and the full page plates are in collotype.The first virtue of the book is that itdeals with the work of man and onlyone part of his work.Those other books of three and four hun- dred pages which presume to cover a cen- tury of designs for masques, plays, operas,everything, set a bad example; and will itbe surprising if, in twenty or thirty years fromnow, young men and women of today areproducing even more flimsy works, sincethere are so many flimsy works guiding themin the wrong direction today. A SUGGESTION. I rather wish that someone reading thiswould be sufficiently interested to go downto the Walpole Society, whose Hon. Secretaryis Mr. Henry M. Hake, of the British Mu- seum, and would have a look at all its pub- lications, and would think well of the wholething, and see what a blessing it would be,if these same publications could be broughtout at even half the price so as to reachdouble the number of people, especially theyounger men and women, who, unless theyget such books, will imagine that superficialwork is the top notch of endeavour.A standard was needed by those of uswho are grown older, and it is needed bythe coming generation; and I wonder as Ilook at this beautiful volume how muchmargin the Walpole Society has in the finan- cial way. My experience tells me such So- cieties never have enough. It cannot do moreand it cannot do better, but if it had moremoney, it could produce cheaper. It may notbe a logical way of reasoning, but if I maycontinue to be illogical, I myself would liketo purchase five or six copies of the Inigo Jonesbook so as to give them to certain men whowill never hear of it and can certainly never afford it, and I could do it if the price werelower.Their getting it would be bound to leadto better work. The better work wouldget on to the stage and the public would see it.Therefore through the one man or woman,say from Lancashire or Yorkshire, or inLondon, giving a few thousand pounds toforward the work of the Walpole Society,the entire public would benefit in a rounda- bout way through the theatres.For I am illogical enough to supposethat the Walpole Society would then giveus twenty more books, three or four of whichmight, I hope, deal with the best theatricalwork (I).And after all, Horace Walpole deservesthat his work, begun in 1762, should be hand- somely carried on, for the blessing it hasbeen to most people is never going to betraced and estimated. III.THE ITALIAN THEATRE. LITTLE THEATRES, LIKE little ships, little Theatres were alwaysa sound investment. When big thea- tres were tumbling about in the waves ofspeculation, the little theatres would nimblycut a caper or two and delight the town.That was in 1600, in 1700, in 1800—forwe need never suppose the Little Theatreto be a modern notion created by Antoineas some folk claim. Not that he claims anysuch fantastic trifle, for he is one of the mostmodest of men as well as one of the mostgifted. He might, if pressed to it, admit thathe revived the fashion in little Theatres. Ithink he did that amongst many other goodthings.Besides being better fitted to experiment,to eliminate and, one supposes, to live longer,a Little Theatre is also cosier. Even if itposses a fair-sized stage its auditorium is morehome-like for being small.We are glad to go td our little playhousesupposing, hoping, that pretention is not toannoy us there. A little Theatre of today, more often thannot, reeks of pretention which is nourished byPoverty.But one here or another there is, asit should be, pleasantly ordinary, and is assmall as it seems, seems as small as it is.And just as Little Theatres are all the betterfor not aiming at large things, so are littlebooks on the Theatre sometimes a blessingfor keeping small. THE BIG PUFFED-OUT BOOKS. THE tendency today is perhaps towardsmaking too big a book on a very smallsubject,—puffed out, weighty, and not verygenial. But there have been some excellentsmall books in the last fifty years; and nowlet me say why it seems to me that thesmaller books prove the best.Exclude from your mind the masterpieces;E. K. Chambers's two big works; D'An- cona's " Origini del Teatro Italian© "; Ricci's" Teatri di Bologna"; Wiel's " Teatri diVenezia " and some two dozen more. Thesescholarly works being immense undertakingssurely may be what size they like.By the way, Broadbent's " of theLiverpool Theatre" runs these great worksvery close indeed; there would be no faultto find with its size if only Liverpool haddone more and been creative as was Dublin.But there are some large books whichare not so triumphant as trumpery, not soscholarly as slovenly, and not so slovenly asdull.These pompous books bear some suchtitle as &lt;s The History of the World's Thea- tre "; or " The Dictionary of Dramatic Art " ;or " Three Centuries of Actors ".Now the History of the World's Theatrecannot be put in a volume, nor in five. ADictionary of Dramatic Art would need sixor seven volumes at the very least, and wouldtake thirty to forty scholars (not under-agedstudents, but men of from thirty-five to fifty)to make it, and to make it sparkle.But this fact does not deter the energetic ifpretentious ones, who, if they do not compassthe world, try and cope with far too manylarge slices of it.Recently five or six such works have ap- peared,—full of errors—a mass of pretension,...and far too expensive. A LITTLE SIXPENNY BOOK. AS the best protest against the sort ofthing allow me to introduce to your no- tice Signor Achille de Rubertis' " II TeatroNazionale" 1926: 61 pages, eight illustra- tions and a paper cover, price about 6d.On the cover are these words: Per la sto- ria dei teatri fiorentini"; in other words," To serve as a trifle towards the full Hi- story of the Florentine TheatresNow that's the style, is it not?I will cite two such booklets producedin our little Island.1. " The Story of the Drama in Exeter "(1887) by William Cotton F. S. A. 74 pages;6 illustrations; cloth boards.2. The Theatre Royal, Norwich, byBosworth Harcourt (1903) 96 pages; price1 /—; not illustrated; cloth boards.And, while I like these two little volumesvery well, they are unable to be as excellentas the Florentine booklet: first, because inEngland the unfortunate indifference to allbut the play has always been exaggeratedlymarked, and so rarely has anyone troubledto preserve plans and drawings of our Thea- tres of 1600, 1700, 1800 if any ever exi- sted : documents relating to the sites arenot preserved; little or no pride is shown inpreserving anything which could today tellus what we want to learn except bundlesof programmes. These we do possess inquantities, and up to a point they are useful.Beyond that point (and it's beyond that wewant to go) they tell us nothing.Secondly, we built our early theatres likebarns: we vamped them up. In Italy, andsometimes in Spain, and France, the originalplans of the old theatres still exist to showus what each century built like, and we cansee with our own eyes how well they werebuilt. In England they could build well, but itwas not sufficiently often that an architect wasemployed; if employed, where are his plans,elevations and the rest? I am always beingtold by local authorities that " none exist".They say that Lord Barrymore's theatre inSavile Row in 1792 was an elegant little affair,but where are the plans and the records ? Noone seems to have troubled to preserve them;no one assuredly has looked them up recently.Yet here was a chance for any very se- rious historian to have unbent a little and told us all about the Theatre in Savile Row,erected in the Auction Rooms of the famousSquib. Such a modest effort would havebecome one of our giant Historians: he couldhave left his Shakespeare or his Congrevefor a few years and could have devotedhimself modestly to one single playhouse asa contribution "to serve as a trifle towardsthe full History of the London Theatres ".I sometimes feel that our love for scho- larship and Theatre is rather too muchmixed with love of self display; we are justa little bit too stuck up; and this in anydemocrat is puzzling.Signor de Rubertis has selected almostthe smallest Florentine Theatre that he couldfind; a playhouse which dates back only to1786. In how many lands can we find scholarswilling to linger around a playhouse of suchproportions and with such a brief lease ofife? Where are the Histories of all the littleTh eatres of Paris ?—dash it all, I've foundthem all crammed into two small volumes,some fifty or a hundred or more playhouses...and not one history adequate.Don't you agree with me—don't you toofeel that if we live in a comparatively smalltown like Florence or Norwich it is all tothe glory of our little town if we can tire- lessly set about a scholarly little history of itsTheatres beginning with the smallest, passingon to the next, and, if we have time, comingto the last as we close our life, thus leaving areal if small Monument worthy of our small town. THE TEA T R O NAZIONALE. The Teatro Nazionale was known asLa Quarconia from 1786 to 1825; as il Tea- tro del Giglio from 1826 to 1840; as TeatroLeopoldo from 1841 to 1851; and as TeatroNazionale ever since.When it became Teatro Leopoldo in1841 a small booklet was published, writtenby Professor Domenico Valeriani, printed atthe Tipografia Granducale. It consisted oftwenty-eight pages and describes the place indetail, the author lingering on the constructionand decoration of the entire building; he tellsus of the seats, the vestibule, the stairways,the pit, the boxes: describes the stage, thescenery, the lamps, curtain; tells us the namesof the men who prepared the building, de- coration, curtain, scenes. Of course Frissard did this in the mostmasterly way possible in his beautiful workon the Theatre de Dieppe (1827); but thenFrissard was the architect, and Frissard had afree hand given him by the Duchesse deBerry to make a big book of it.Toscbi did it too with his " Nuovo Tea- tro di Parma (1829), though I think Fris- sard far and away the best of the kind.Both works are large folios, thirty to fortypages each, but packed with details andsuperb plates, and both are little works.For these little works to be done in sucha large and sumptuous style is only possiblewhere there exists a patron as keen to dohonour to a city as is the artist, the historian,and the keen citizen.But when no such keenness (I) is forth- coming ; when an artist or a historian canpass years in a city without finding one keenglance to encourage him; when men of wealthhave lost the power to enjoy sharing suchan enjoyment with men of brains and gaietyof that kind (that vivid kind), then needs mustthe artist and the historian look around hisempty room, furnished gaily enough with hisown fine thoughts about these things, andplan how to surmount this obstacle .. . thisindifference .. . this state of death (2).Signor. de Rubertis shows the way. HOW TO DO IT PROPERLY, GO to all the archives; give a year, twoyears, to it; search here and there; giveyour spare hours to this; amass all the infor- mation which exists in every city, house, mu- seum, until you have in your possession a bigheap of treasure. Then sort it out, arrangeit, and condense it all so that you can getinto sixty to seventy small pages all the factsabout one little Theatre.Take this to a publisher; he'll be deadtoo but never mind; chance it without hope:—there—what did I say?—he dead: butyou are not: neither was Signor de Rubertis.So he strolled along the Via San Galiotill he stopped at the sign F. Ricci, ArtiGrafiche, and there, after a half hour's chat the good Ricci agrees to print the work fora modest sum on very ordinary paper butsmooth to the touch; not rough like dry biscuit.This cost is covered because, being ofordinary intelligence, Signor de Rubertis willperhaps have first disposed of the serialrights for, say, two' hundred lire, perhaps twohundred and fifty, ie, about £1.10.0.But will that sum pay for the booklet?Assuredly it will if you add some morehundreds to it; and either you or your wifeor your wife's brother or your brother-in-law'suncle is a human being (if not a patron); ispositively alive and, with a laugh or a sigh,does give six or seven hundred more lire tohelp the thing along.Glorious old middle-class or aristocraticprivate gentleman; you will be rewarded; youshall not lose on this. 1 swear it comes backto you, as old Whitman would have said.And how strange, that this one who helpsis living in a third floor appartment,—fiverooms perhaps, in a poor quarter of the town;is of some ancient good Florentine family; isthrifty but poor. Anyhow, neither he northe author or printer are swanks. They don'tabhore fine paper and buckram and heavyboards and deckle edges—they have merelyforgotten them. THE VERY QUIET REAL WA Y . YOU thrice excellent old Italians—how 1know you. How I love and veneratethat power of yours to achieve things onnext to nothing—and to set about all you doin that very quiet, real way.It's all " Opera buffa " here:—so theyimagine in my land (an excellent old place,by the way, so do not misunderstand me);you are all opera buffisti to those who don'tknow you. Your great man who cuts downall waste and reduces unemployment till itdies, is considered by the ignorant a figure incomic opera. You who produce these solidlittle books of history are considered " dilet- tanti ", which with us means men who areplaying at it all, not men who love so much andso sincerely that, even when they achieve atrifle like this booklet, it's perfect...except ofcourse for the paper, binding and half tones.We, on the other hand, make a verygreat to-do about the paper, the binding andthe half tones. It's our way;—pardon it if you find it trivial. Some day you will re- turn to the use of finest paper, binding andcliches as you used in the 16th to 18tn cen- turies. For the moment you are naturallytired of these fal-lals; to us they are unfortu- nately nearly all. ODIOUS COMPARISONS. YET when you think of us, try to rememberthat we are as diverse as you Italians.If some of us waste six hours a day on ourdress and our drawingrooms and our clubs,some assuredly do not, for which we are sub- jected to such a fire of looks, jerks, jumpsand what-nots every day from those whodon't approve of us, that we are apt to clearoff and take a back room somewhere in theEast end of Sumatra or Madras. For if wedidn't, as we are peppery, it would lead to aquarrel, a quarrel to a rising, and a rising toregret. No, we let them go on, these time andmoney wasters, these art fanciers who todayhave usurped the place filled yesterday by thelovers of puppy dogs and pigeons: but wehave to relinquish that pleasant task we toothought we would try to get done—thatwriting of a little book on the Thames Thea- tre in Twickenham.Signor de Rubertis, I like so much thecharming way in which you avoid telling usthings which might bore us. You do notsay that some actor in Florence was chieflyremarkable for the length of time that he re- mained before the public. Dear old WilliamCotton F. S. A. says that on the first pageof his book on Exeter. You just avoid anysuch triviality...do I take you? OLD WILLIAM COTTON, F. S. A. AGAIN, you never allude to the Theatreas a " Thespian Temple ". Cotton does—on page one too. Having called it that,he comes to earth on page three and des- cribes the second theatre of Exeter:—The first who entered were struck with" admiration at the beauty of the house, and" could not restrain their applause ".Not one word as to the house—how itwas built, what it's colour, form; merely thereport of a report that emotion was in the airand that this indescribably, undescribed, beau- tiful house brought out the gasp right there. When he comes to the year 1819 hedoes begin to describe some of the beauties.You, Signer de Rubertis, give us two pic- tures, and 1 recognize the old playhouse I vi- sited in 1909 where 1 witnessed the spectacleof Stenterello spoiling the spaghetti... " IIGenerale morto!—e la spaghetti e rovenato "...curtain. But if I had not visited this oldhistoric house 1 would not have gained a properidea of it from your photographs. So may I putin a plea that one or two pictures taken fromold plans and spciccatinali be reproduced in future booklets whichyou bring out. THE PLAYHOUSE THE THING. MY readers will of course be sending forcopies of this booklet, and when it ar- rives will perhaps not understand why Ipraise it so whole-heartedly.1 praise it because it tells the tale of thebuilding, describes it and does not for a mo- ment forget that it is the Theatre as theatrewhich for a book of records is the most im- portant thing, and not the performances. Thebuilding first,... that in a booklet. In a big" opera", a big work, this booklet slightlycut could serve as the first chapter.The life of a building, especially when itis a Theatre, is a life well worth a book ofrecords; and the Italian has this keen sense ofthe value of a place. Emotional and personalreminiscences connected with it may or maynot help to build up that record; if it dis- tracts from it is cut out. The playhouse isthe thing. I hope that before long I shall hearof little books on our Theatre springing intoexistence in one or two towns in England :andI hope that they will be steady unadorned re- cords, and that they will always contain aplan or a picture of the theatre, for by carefulsearch perhaps these may be found in thearchives of the town.And don't trouble over-much about thepaper or binding of the book, but troublemore about the way it is written: do notwrite it imagining you are a second ThomasHardy; write it as they write reports in thenewspapers about Trials, Fires, or other Di- sasters. Bring the keen eye of the Calamity- lover to bear on the matter, and say whatit sees as briefly as possible. Then you will probably produce a good little book. (1) Le Theatre a Paris au XVIII6 si&amp;cle. Max Aghion(Librairie de France, Paris). Frs. 90.(2) Designs by Inigo Jones, etc. by P. Simpson &amp; C. F.Bell. (Walpole Society. London). 21/- net.(3) II Teatro Nazionale di Firenze. A. de Ruberfcis.(Firenze). 6d. (i) See pp. 150-151. (i) I should not forget to state that in the production ofthis volume on Inigo Jones the Malone Society collaboratedwith the Walpole Society and we must all hope that beforelong they will collaborate again, Abbreviations used in above list: G: good. Sup: superior\ Ind: indifferent, Th: Theatre, Faes: Facsimiles, 111 i tllustratio(1) Titles reduced to get into line.(2) In too many instances the paper is too heary and unpleasant to touch.(3) Its sole defect. /ration§ pi. plate. Incom : Incomplete (1) My copyist had written " kindness n and I am not sosure that it is not the better word.(2) There again these patrons, when they do do anything,will be always doing fifty different things pompously intheir smiling modest way ; giving a shilling or a thousandpounds to fifty (more often a shilling) different schemes, half- feeding or half-ptarving a notion with a lot of show. *E NG LANDTITLE (0.AUTHOR.PAGESILLUSTRATIONS.JThe Elizabethan StageE. K. CHAMBERS19714 Plates: 9 ill, in text.2The DanceC. J. SHARP &amp; A. P. OPPE607 Plates, 4 colour3The Birth, Life, etc. of ScaramouchC. W. BEAUMONT1474 Plates4Designs by Inigo Jones for Masques etc.P. SIMPSON &amp; C. F.BELL17551 Colotype, 1 colour pi.5New Th. &amp; Cinema of Soviet RussiaH. CARTER2991 7 Figures6Clowns and PantomimesM. WILSON DISHER36472 Plates, 1 colour7Story of Lyric Th. HammersmithN. PLAYFAIR26816 colour plates • »-8New Spirit in the European TheatreH. CARTER29224 Plates9Kabuki The Popular Stage of JapanZOE KLNCAID40149 Plates, 1 coloursoMy Life in ArtSTANISLAVSKY59834 Plates E NGLANDi iAn Introduction to Dramatic TheoryALLARDYCE NICOLL218None12History Birmingham Repertory TheatreBACHE MATTHEWS26016 Plates13Story of the Savoy OperaS. J. A. FITZ-GERALD26017 Plates, 9 figures14The Story of Elizabethan DramaG. B. HARRISON1345 Plates15Life of William CongreveEDMUND GCSSE194None16Some Contemporary DramatistsGRAHAM SUTTON213None17Stage Lighting for Little Theatresc. HAROLD RIDGE991 Plate, 22 figures18Music Hall NightsCLAYTON CALTHROP1562 Plates19Comedies hy William CongreveBONOMY DOBREE472None ITALY20Annali del Tealro Italiano (Vol. 11)M. F. editor509Very many in text21Cento Anni del Teatro Sociale, MantovaERNESTO LUI1843 Plates221 Profeti di BabiloniaG. F. MALIPIERO4381 Plate23II Teatro ItalianoLUIGI TONELLI427None24L' Influencecu Th. Francats a BologneA. DE CARLI215None25II Teatro Nazionale ( )ACHILLE DE RUBERTiS628 illustrations FRANCE26Les Fraiellini •P. MARIEL2688 Plates &amp; 100 woodcut?^27La Comedie ItalienneP. L. DUCHARTRE332290, Some in colour28Anihologie : Th. Francois, Moyen^AgeG. GASSIES472None29Mademoiselle MoliereH. LYONNET1338 Plates30Ruzzanie (1502-1542)A. MORTIER28618 111. COSTLY.PAPER (2)BINDINGPRICEPUBLISHERDATEINDEX** FairMaroon Cloth70/-Oxford University Press19234 good1Sup., Blotting paperBlue Cloth thick boards30/-Halton &amp; Smith1924Good2Handmadel/iJaP* Vellum &amp; paper21/-C. W. Beaumont1924None3Goodish1/4 Cloth &amp; Paper21/-Oxford University Press1924None (3)4Blotting1/4 Cloth &amp; paper25/-Chapman &amp; Dodd1924None5FineOrange Cloth (rough)42/-Constable1925Good6, FairRed cloth, (good)16/-Chatto &amp; Windus1925Incomplete7BlottingMaroon cloth (fair)25/-Benn19254 Incom.8FairBlack Buckram (good)42/-Macmillan1925Poor9FairRed &amp; white cloth.30/-Bles1925Fair10 CHEAP.FaisBlue cloth (inferior)5 1George Harrap1923Fair11FairRed cloth (good)7/6Chatto &amp; Windus1924Incomplete12BlottingRed cloth: (fair)5/-Stanley Paul1924Good13BlottingCloth and boards (nice)5/-Cambridge University1924None14BlottingBrown cloth: (fair)7/6Heinemann1924Good15BlottingGreen cloth: (poor)7/6Leonard Parsons1924None16** GoodGreen cloth: (poor)5/-W. Heffer &amp; Sons1925None17BlottingBlack cloth: (fair)61-John Lane1925None18GoodGreen cloth: (fair)VOxford University Press1925None19 C HE A P .GoodPaper boards (bad)Lire40.—A. Nicola 8c C. Milano1923Good20Blotting superiorBrochuren10.—G. Mondovi. Mantova1923Inadequate21BadBrochure (decorated)n15,-Bottega di Poesia. Milano1924Inadequate22BadBrochuren .22,—Modernissima, Torino1924Good23Very fairBrochuren24,-G. Chiantore. Torino1925None24"' f, ~ - '— ' Very fairBrochuren3,50Arti Grafici. Firenze1926None25 COSTLY &amp;CHEAP.BadBrochureFr. 10,00Soci&amp;£ Anon. Editions1923None26Very goodBrochure■ 90.00Librairie de France1924None27FairBrochure8 14,00Delagrave. Paris1925None28BadBrochure8 12.00Alcan. Paris1925None29GoodBrochure8 35.00Peyronnet. Paris1925Good30 X. Y. X. PLAN FOR A THEATRE DESIGNED FOR MADAME DU BARRYBy the Architect Le Doux. Plate 16. IN the eleventh volume ofu The Mask" was given the plan for an immense house pro-f.fi jected for Mme. La Comtesse du Barry, by " t the architect Le Doux, about 1768-69. The salle de spectacle shows so very small in the reproduction 0/ that plan that I havethought to give a small enlargement of ithere so that it may be compared betterwith the ground plan of the Private theatreof Mile Guimard. Both are by Le Doux (seeThe Mask, Vol. XI, No. 4).In the du Barry and Guimard theatresythe stages are both longer than are the audi- toriums, and the architecture of the audito- rium continues on to the stage, in that of Mile.Guimard carried on by a pillar on each side, inthat of Mme. du Barry by two pillars each side.Between these pillars would be a door orsome entrance for the performers to reachthe centre of the stage•This keeps the amateur: as it were, outof the machinery and allows sufficient roomfor one or two actors to perform while thescene is being changed behind them. It iscalled the apron stage in England, though whyit is called the apron stage I have not the leastidea• Bib and tucker 1 should think woulddo equally well.The main thought in the head of M. LeDoux was not to break the oval of his audi- torium.But in some lands they are keen aboutthis bit of apron be the shape of the theatrewhat it may. The architect is not consultedat all which seems to be rather a pity.What is so excellent about these stages ofthe Pretty Theatre is that the architect wasconsulted all the time.Brongniart, Bellanger, Le Doux, Le Pic,Chalgrin, Pierre, and many another goodarchitect, were called on to start the procee- dings and it can be well understood they hada very good time, playing at theatres. THE PRETTYTHEATRE. PART FOUR THE £ 1000 GAFF. X. Y. Z. (I) YOU have heard of the penny gaff but pos-,sibly not of the £ 1000 gaff. It isanother name for that Pretty Theatre whichso attracts me.If the Pretty Theatre was expensive,those who supported it were wealthy. Now- adays they would keep race horses. Onemust have something to throw away one'smoney on, and also some place where onecan meet those people one has just left amoment ago. At least I suppose so. I sup- pose so, because after thinking about thisPretty Theatre for a few years, I really amat a loss to know the true reason why thebuildings were put up, for it was not a mat- ter of just meeting together and having a lit- tle music and some dancing. It was a de- vilish serious undertaking compared witn ourmodern notion of private theatricals.Looking in the past three volumes of" The Mask " at the drawings and plans oflittle theatres that have been reproduced there,we see what finished things they were.There was nothing at all amateurish aboutthe buildings ; and since, very often, many ofthe first performers of the age were called totake part in the representations, there wasnothing at all amateurish in the acting, singing,and dancing. So far as I know nothing wascharged by the hostess, and in that sense it wasamateurish, but in no other sense that I can see.The most magnificent of the Pretty Thea- tres were in Paris. And the most sumptuousof these was built by the Due d'tOrleans.Previous to the private theatres in Paris,there had been many a private theatre inItaly, but mere privateness does not make forprettiness. For pure privacy almost avoidsdisplay and most things that are pretty de- pend upon the tricking out.Amongst the private theatres of Italy wasthe theatre at Vicenza, but this was built foran Academy and was a very serious affair.The next in importance was the theatre in Parma built by and for' the Farnese family.One could only deal with such a building ina book with the title of " Gfeorgeous Thea- tres ". in Bologna, and in Venice, in Flo- rence, and in Rome, private theatres' hadexisted since the sixteenth century. Far ear- lier still, in the fifteenth century, Mantua andFerrara had led off with these things, butall that is quite another story.One must not confuse the doings of anyof these princes with the pretty little trottingshere and trottings there of the of Paris.I do not think the Italians could be verypretty like that. What they did was tooclosely woven to be flimsy. There was toomuch design in their solid fabric for there tobe a suggestion of trifling.The private Italian theatre was a man'stheatre, whereas the Paris private theatre wasa theatre of the ladies and theAnd does it not reflect immense credit onthem that they found it worth while buildingspecial playhouses for this game of theirs.It is not until the eighteenth century thatthe game began, although the king naturallyhad his moveable private theatres in his pala- ces and these were found sufficient for theneeds of society.I do not know the date of the first Frenchprivate theatre, but one of the earliest wasthat built by Monsieur de la Poupliniere forsome lady or other. This was at Passy andwas built circa 1732. He was a fabulouslywealthy man and his chateau was the sceneof prodigious doings. In his theatre at Passyhe had an orchestra which was in use daily,and had, as director of this orchestra, Rameau,and afterwards, Stamitz, and Gossec.M. de la Poupliniere was fond of playingon the flute and seems to have been a vividlittle amateur, counting among his friendsVoltaire, Rousseau, Piron, Lamotte, all ofwhom it appears wrote comedies for him.And then in 1737 he married Therese Bou- tinon who was twenty years his junior.Another Private theatre belonged to laMarquise de Morville in Normandy at herchateau, circa 1737 to which was attached acompany which, when it performed in Paris per- formed at the Chateau at Pantin, which seemsalso to have had a theatre about this time.Still it is not until about 1750 thatnumbers of theatres begin to be erected inthe country houses round Paris and the town houses in Paris; but then, and for fifty yearsafter, they came along in hundreds.At Puteaux in the house of the Due deGramont; at Versailles under Mme. de Pom- padour in the house of the king; at Bagnoletfor the Due d'Orleans petit fils of the Regent;at Berney in the house of the Comie de Clare- mont; right in Paris in the house of Voltaire,on the second floor of the rue Traversiere. (l)The Due d'Orleans was the most fantas- tic of all of the little amateurs, for he hadat least six such theatres, perhaps more. In1749 his theatre at Bagnolet; in 1754 histheatre in the faubourg St. Martin ; this was7built by the architect Pierre; in 1755 in ruefaubourg de Roule, Pierre builds him onemore theatre; in 1761 another at his villa atMenil-Montant; in 1767 another at Villers-Coterts, and in 1773 he surpasses himself andorders a magnificent theatre of architect Bron- ginard for his Follie d'Orleans in the rueChaussee d'Antin. Its exact position wasbetween the Chaussee d'Antin, rue de Pro- vence and the rue Taitbout. Monsieur Fou- quier said this was built in 1770, but whatdo three years matter! 1770 or '73, one isas apt as the other. It is the very midnight- hour of the pretty theatre development.But the Due was only the leader of thewhole group of people crazy to have theirown theatres, and the building went on atsuch a pace, that by the time the FrenchRevolution was manufactured, that is to sayby 1789, there must have been some twohundred to three hundred private theatresfull to overflowing every evening in Paris andits environs.After all it was more amusing, if you hadnothing to do, to pass the time play-actingrather than playing cards and sipping coffee.It seems to me also a rather more variedamusement than dancing the fox-trot nightafter night to an indifferent orchestra if any atall, or even to the most perfect gramophone.Yes, there is distinctly more variety aboutit, and on that score is to be recommendedto people today, who have so much time andso much money and do not know what to dowith either except to go on to the stage andthus throw professionals out of employment.But what a banging of doors there musthave been in 1807 when Napoleon closed up all these theatres, and only two weeksgiven to take farewell of all the little relicswhich remained there.For one must not suppose that, when theRevolution came, it made very much diffe- rence to' these most charming performancesand the more charming performers. Theywent on more or less in the same inane wayas ever a nice hangman or two wouldbe invited in, and what with the gigglingsand the gurglings, 1 do not know that the showwas not improved: One of the most frequentedof theatres was that belonging to a charming butcher. To be continued* (l) For parts i, 2 and 3 see a The Mask October 1924and January and October 19*5, (1) Here it was Lekain acted. AN OLD ADVERTISEMENTOF MADAME TUSSAUD'SWAX WORKS. NAPOLEON'S CELEBRATED MILITARYo CARRIAGE TAKEN AT WATERLOO, oWr-frriWiiirfniMWMiiiaf 111 NIW in 11 NAM i HUM HI *IRWI ■ mumm mm mm ■■ I wnfritfii lIIIWIIB I ■ ■ayeaaMWfinglRoom magnificently fitted to show thedecorations of his period, engravings ofhis history, spendid bust by Canova, thecloak he wore at Marengo, the sword ofEgypt, the standard given to his guard,his watch, gold snuff-Box, ring, one ofhis teeth, the instrument that drew it,tooth-brush, Madras worn in exile, dessertservice used by him at St Helena, coun- terpane stained with his blood; the greaterpart are the property of Prince Lucian.—Madam TUSSAUD and SON'SEXHIBITION Bazaar Baker St: openfrom eleven till dusk, and from seven tillten. Great room Is; Napoleon relics andchamber of horrors, 6d." Townsend's Parisian Costumes"Sep: 1843, N. 225, page 4. BUT what could be more horrible than thisparade of these Napoleon relics?This great wax-work show and the LondonCemetaries once shared the honour of beingheld by the public to be the representativesof all that was best in the world of art—though the Cemetary habitues were lookedupon as a good deal too Highbrow for thelikes of the Tussauders. THE OLD OPERA HOUSEIN THE HAYMARKET. A NOTE BY ERROLL SHERSON. THE view of the opera-house facing page 110 of yourpublication is one of the second opera house. Thefirst one, built by Vanbrugh in 1705 was, as you note,burned down in 1789. The sketch you show was takenprior to many alterations of both the interior and the exte- rior including the fine colonnade, perhaps the bestknown feature of the exterior which was added later.There is an old print of the first opera-house taken froma drawing made by W. Capon and published in Smith's44 Historical and Literary Antiquities ". It is described as" showing the front of ihe edifice much as it must havebeen when built by Sir John Vanbrugh. It was a dull,plain building, not unlike a Quaker's Meeting-House. Thefront was of red brick rusticated with good gauged work.It had three circular-headed doorways with three windowsof a similar shape above : in the second floor, instead ofwindows, were three oblong recesses of a very heavy cha- racter and the roof was covered with black glazed tiles.The front was thirty-four feet in width. Over the entrancehall was Ridant's Fencing Academy shown in the printby a conspicuous notice. On the piers below are seensome handbills of the time including the names of Si giiorRauzzini and of Signora Carnevalli whose husband is saidto have set fi;e to the building.The second opera-house, built from the designs of Mi- cahe! Novosielski, was entirely reconstructed by Nash andRepton in 1818. The interior was the first in Englandto be modelled in the horse-shoe shape, said to be so fa- vourable for sight and sound. The dimensions were with- in a few feet of La Scaln at Milan., The length fromthe front of the curtain to the back of the boxes was 102feet: the extreme width 75 feet: the stage measured 60feet in length and 80 feet in width. The building was ofbrick and Bath stone, with a bas-relief on the Haymarketfront representing Apollo and the Muses. I could also giveyou particulars of the house as rebuilt by Lord Dudleyafter the fire of 1867 hut will not take up your time now.The extracts from the Opera Register (J) are most inte- resting. In my forthcoming book on the house, I havehad to omit a great many things that I should have likedto have included, but, at any rate, it will be the first at- tempt to give some kind of consecutive Chronicle of atheatre wh:ch in its 187 years of existence under variousforms has made much theatrical and operatic history. ForMrs Siddons and the Kembles and Mrs Jordan all appea- red there when it was under the direction of Brinsley Sheripan the dramatist and, alas, it has also been dese- crated by performances of a lower kind, including Moodyand Sankey's theatrical religious services, boxing tourna- ments and Yankee nigger minstrels. Into all these mat- ters I have entered, with detail, in my book. (i) Col man's MS register, 1712-1734, of which the firstpart appeared in the July number of " The Mask and ofwhich the remainder will be shortly given, PLAYING WITH GREEK FIRE. R. S. LONDON 'TVs here! *Tis here ! (let us hope)Tts gone,Hamlet. Act. I. Scene I. I was present not very long ago at a most extraordinaryperformance of a Greek play, un-Greeked and in English,by masked actors at night time too, in a closed theatre,and on a Sunday night, in London of course; the treatprepared for us by a certain Greek Play Society.All 1 can remember clearly ot this Sunday evening wasthat though wasted it did pass ....and I had felt that thiswas not at all an unlucky thing, for while sitting in theThe atre I had expected the world to come to an end anymoment. Afterwards 1 went down to the Savoy andhad a good supper and forgot it all—all but one thing.As I sat holding myself well in control in my stall I seemto remember some one coming up to me after Act I witha box of chocolates in a sort of fixed hand and saying tome in a wooden tone, " Have one". I remembered laterthat it was Miss Marchbanks of Zeus College, Cambridge.I believe I said " Are you" or something equally to thepoint—and I seemed to see the figure passing on ....goingaway.I suppose 1 felt something was expected from me forbelieve I looked after the retreating figure: yes, I recall itnow I looked after Miss Marchbanks.She stopped eight paces away and 1 heard the samedull voice saving 44 Have one ". the person ad- dressee! had one or no, I cannot say; hut feeling dizzy Iturned my eyes into my lap and looked at my programme,which a while later I saw was upside down.1 his considerably steadied me; and after staying stillfor a few moments 1 ventured to look in another directionto that where last I had seen the dark chocolate lady andheard her plaintive voice. Ten seats away she stood, herback to me, and again I heard that voice 44 Have one **. I never again want to think of Greek plays. P. S, Perhaps they were Greek chocolates. CORRESPONDENCE. ABOUT A BOOK . (0 rIVsHE following letter is published at the request of Mr,L Huntly Carter. Evidently he thinks it will do him good.We can only imagine it zvill do him harm, but we will notrefuse his request, although the place for letters couched insuch language ts usually, is it not, the waste paper baskettinder the Editor's desk fIVe offered our Reviewer space in which to reply to Mr.Carter, but he declined to notice a letter couched in languageso abusive, and which applies such epithets as 44 his louts,idiots and apes " to friends or adherents of Mr. EdwardGordon Craig.Regarding Mr. Carter's assertion that 44 a clean writerwould consider it more honourable and manly to sign his nameor a recogniseable pseudonym m&gt; we would point out that awriter usually conforms to precedent in such matters; andTHE MASK\ like many of the most distinguished among itscontemporaries, follows, with rare exceptions, the system of pu- blishing its Book Reviews anonymously, whether these be suckas to win the author's hearty gratitude, or, as in Mr. Carter'scase, to call down a torrent of abuse.We take this opportunity of notijying Mr. Carter thatour forbearance will not extend to the publication of anyfurther such letters from him• Editor. The Editor of The Mask. Huntly Carter. Cir:—My attention has been drawn to a very offensive andlibellous notice of my book The New Spirit In The Eu•ropean Theatre, appearing in the current issue of the Mask.The pages of the Mask are invariably so full of narrow par- tisanship (to day it is Mussolinism) and ignorant prejudice,that it would seem a waste of time to protest against thesetwo columns of vindictive opinion were it not that they aredefinitely designed not only to damage the sale of my book(44 110 one ....will want to read this book"), hut to injure myreputation as a publicist and humanitarian writer. For thesereasons I must ask you to publish this reply in your nextissue, otherwise I shall consider what further steps to take inthe matter.Possibly it is a sign of cowardice that the writer (who itseems has been to Russia and may therefore he identifiedeither as Mr Edward Gordon Craig or a Russian refugee) hasneglected to sign his name. In any case a clean writer wouldconsider it more honourable and manly to sign his name ora recogniseable pseudonym. Even Mr George Bernard Shaw(so despised by the Mask) does so.Besides being ashamed to sign his name, the writer evi- dently is quite unable to produce evidence in support of hisattack. With the exception of a mishandled sentence thereis 110 evidence. There is none even that he has read thebook. He hints that he has seen the words, 44 useless fromthe start" These words are torn from the sentence, " Thefirst, or Stanislavsky group, were useless from the start ".By omitting the preceding and following text he producesthe false atmosphere essential to a kind of museum journallike the Mask. He suggests, in fact, that the Stanislavsky \group have, in my opinion, been useless from the start.Relying on this quotation he arrives at a deduction whichhas no relation to truth. The full sentence refers to the si- tuation in the Moscow Art Theatre immediately after the Re- volution when the public demanded that the Revolution shouldbe represented on the stage, as it was represented in the openin great mass spectacles played before the Winter Palace,The Bourse, and elsewhere. There was nothing in theM. A. T. repertory to meet this demand and there was a se- rious talk of closing the theatre. Later however plays in itsrepertory were freely edited and adapted to suit the require- ments of the new theatre-going public. To-day Stanislavskyis definitely engaged on the production of new revolutionaryplays, the most notable being a play about the celebrated re- volutionary cossack, Pugatchev.There is absolutely 110 justification for the cunning twistwhich the writer gives to the three words quoted by him;nor for his excuse for not reading the hook contained in hisown words, 44 that settles the book for me", nor for theidiotic conclusion 44 it decides it (my book) as utterly bad andfalse ".This paroxysm of rage is followed by much foaming atthe mouth from which emerges another hymn of hate begin- ning with the words 44 it (my hook) is crazy about Bolshevismand Russia". If it is crazy about Bolshevism then the Maskmust be a bolshevist journal since according to its back num- bers from the start it has done little else than what I havedone in the major part of my book. The truth about my bookis that out of nearly 300 pages the bulk of 162 of them istaken up with what a responsible reviewer terms 44the mostpowerful attack 011 the Trustification of the English andFrench theatres and the complete transformation of thesetheatres into an industry for making dividends, in whichhuman emotions are exploited simply on the basis of what ismost cheaply and easily exploitable. All this is exposed withvery great wealth of detail, as 44 Wagner exposed in his day ".1 he aim of the Mask has been to attack whatever has in- terfered with the advance of the theatre according to Mr.Edward Gordon Craig's conception, and Big Business hascontinually been attacked as a prime evil. In the currentMask (page 105) are these words by Mr. Edward GordonCraig, 44 and it must come to an end this modern theatricalsystem". This means that Mr. Edward Gordon Craig is incomplete agreement with the principal view expressed in myalleged bolshevist book.The book deals with the theatres of II countries. Thespace devoted to Russia is very limited ; and the space givento The Theatre and Labour is less than ten pages. The state- ment that I 44 keep on speaking of the Labour Party" issimply a calculated lie. The Labour Party is mentionedtwice. The opinion that I have found in Ernest Benn a44 publisher willing to spread Bolshevic damnations" which44 are not mere stupidities" is an example of the extent towhich this scandalous writer is willing to go in an attemptnot only to prevent the sale of my book but to prevent pub- lishers from marketing my goods.It may be, however, that the use of Bolschevist andBolshevism as terms of censure and abuse, is, as some sanepersons point out, simply a sign of mental degeneracy on thepart of the users, and they are used in this mariner simplyto delight mental defectives. Jf people say that they arebeing used by Mr. Edward Gordon Craig to attack me forthe purpose of pleasing his louts, idiots and apes, he has onlyhimself to blame. London. August, 15, '26. (i) The Mask, July 2tfo. Pg. 119. A QUERY. 44 Ts it true that Mr. Gordon Craig was asked to produce anopera at Torino last year and refused because the Thea- tre could not pay the fee he asked?" (F, L.: Brighton). REPLY. Ed. ®! Perfect^—though as a rule we shall decline to answersuch very personal queries.There was a Millionaire supporting this theatre—he hadthe building reconstructed at his expense. The managementwas prepared, it said, to overcome any difficulty in the wayof procuring Mr. Craig's services.Mr. Craig, who is not much of a believer in millionaireswho are said to be supporting art and who get the title of amecanus for next to nothing, determined to make this a testcase. He learned that the Torino supporter was not supportingthe venture as a millionaire shouLd support a theatre if hesupports it at all. These, so far as we know, are the exact facts. BOOK REVIEWS. HIMS ANCIENT &amp; MODERNby Jimmy Glover. T. Fisher UnwinLtd. 10/—net.SELECTED LETTERS OF HO- RACE WALPOLt. Everyman Se- ries. Dent CT Sans. No. 175. 2/6. I had no idea until now that JimmyGlover was a journalist; but thenJimmy Glover could b? a Parson anddo it well. He hasn't the calling so far as I can see he has no calling•—but he has personality. Not a bigpersonality, ...and by that I mean no- thing at all terrifying.., he is one ofLondon's kindliest of men of the world,or rather of the town; for, everyonewho has seen the world knows that thelarge cities with their little mechanicalround are often but very narrow littleplaces.To leave Little Hookham and go tosee the great city of Babylon—Lon- don—is to pass from a small to a ra- ther larger village. Steam and elec- tricity have upset the old calculations.We once made a city representativeof the world; we have, today, no furtherneed to do so for we can go out andsee the real world when we like, fortravelling has been made easy to nearlyall of us. London, Paris, New York,Berlin no longer represent anythinglike the world. They are large va- riety shows: the numbers on theirprogrammes are the same old turnsand these tell us the same old story.Jimmy Glover tells us the Londonstory better than most can, though na- turally he hardly sees the wood forthe trees.But what an Index... what a sloppyIndex! It is incomplete and it is notin its right order. Under letter Thearranges his names in this order : Ta- vistock, 29 ; Tree, Lady, 30 ; Terry,Eilen, 56; Thorndike, 56; Tweed- mouth, 65 ; Trent 95.That is an order for he follows theorder of the pages ; but it's not the usualway a good index is ordered. It should[ be Ta, Te, Th? Ji? To, and T Pof course comes in here—or rather should come,but I don't see T. P. in the book orthe Index even under O'C : and whatis London, lacking T.P.O'C. : but hereI am getting too local for my voiceto carry further than Adavoyle andyou all know where that is.Besides being out of order, theIndex does not include Shaw, G. B,yet he figures on pages 5 and 197,116; and Tree, Sir H. 8,, who ap- pears for a moment on pages 113,234 : and others in the book omittedfrom the Index are George IV,Page 1 !6, and Kipling page 120.It refers to Bancroft, whereas therewere two Bancrofts not one alone," I am not blas6, " He says so andhe certainly is not blas£ ;—he is thesame dear old Jimmy Glover that everwas—he who seems to conduct anorchestra better than most musicians doconduct one, and who nearly killedme once composing a piece which !am humming over as I write this. Iheard him at it next d00r.... turn turnturn turn tiddle tiddle turn turn ; and ifhe doubts that I have it in head I willget a musician to dot it down frommy humming. It was the first two barswhich worried him ; he would go atthem over and over again; it was atwiddly bit ...and it had a marriagebells effect.I begin to think I must have afairly good memory, for I forget theawful noise Curtis Pound made whenJimmy and he met on these Sundaysat—wasn't it Maidenhead or Twicken- ham ? I forget; but I lived next doorand remember that dear old tune quitewell.And yet what am I doing boastingthat / have a good memory: this do- cumental book by Glover reveals anextraordinary memory, ...of clubs, oftheatres, of demi-mondaines, of SarnLewis. Hector Tennant, Nellie Cau- ston, Mabel Gray, Mr. Bouverie,Abingdon Baird, and a hundred ethers.He has kind words to say for thelobby members of the Alhambra and Empire. That they were frankly ho- nest enchantresses the whole world (butfor a few prigs) has borne testimony.Mr. Glover sems to prefer thatnaughtiness to the new kind practisedby the Society lady who, he asserts•• has taken the. bread out of Lais'mouth". What a dirty trick if itbe true.It must be true for it is not a chat- terbox who speaks ; tis an Eagle (seepage 122), and an Eagle that is alsoa Hawk. He writes as " AffableHawk".Now I thought that only Mr. Des- mond McCarthy had the right to thetitle; but it appears that over thirtyyears ago Mr Glover and his confreresused it in " The Hawk", ...a paperon which Shaw, Walkley, Greenwood,Chambers and the Moo es wrote.I was some sixteen years of agethen, and I now recall I saw somefrowns and heard disapproval of thissame " Hawk History also recordsthat Whistler was not a little annoyedby the bird. It seems to have beenout to reform the world. Well, so isGlover. Reformers are dear fellowsvery often, and all they seem to wantis to re-form the world nearer to thedesire of their own particular heart'sconception as to what a nice Hawkishor Gloverish world ought to be. Is itth y think they could then fit into thescheme better ? I too have felt likethis: I suppose you have. —Puff ballis what it amounts to. The worldis not all right until you noticehow very right it is. But then youand I know the world. Glover doesn'tquite know the world but he gets nearto it, for Glover knows the town andthat is much. He is a man of thetown, whereas Horace Walpoie canbe said to be rather more like a manof the world. Without a very wideknowledge of it he is a man of theworld—he almost knew it. It is onlya Rossini, a Benvenuto Cellini or aRacine who knows it belter. A fewwriters today know it; one lives not,far from a village known as Sant*Ambrogio.D'Annunzio knows the -world butknows it less well than the Spaniardat St. Ambrogio. For D'Annunzio isstill eager and alive to new sensation ;the Spaniard seems to have seen, feltand known it all.How ? you ask. Possibly as St.Francis knew it or as any other thinker.What but experience renders you ofthe world ? and how experience in avillage ? Something in this—something.London's a village even as Denmarkwas a prison ; but even in London, if you are William Blake, you may be- come of the world. Blake anywhere,St. Francis anywhere, would haveseen ana understood all the little detailswhich the less experienced Piccadilly- loungers fail to catch at: and if Ho- race Walpole failed to understandthree quarters of the world let it notbe laid up against him: he did hisbest. He lived for a time on thefringe of Piccadilly, Arlington Street:he was born there at No. 5, dyingeighty years later close by in BerkeleySquare. It was always a narrowthoroughfare,Like Mr. Glover he lived to becomean old man, and before he died... eventhirty years before... he took to grum- bling at the way things were falling off.French music was as shocking as heknew it was he wrote in 1765;—-yet the Couperins were that 44 Frenchmusic 99: He judged of French musicfrom the Opera House stuff. 44 Thenymphs of the theatre are laides afaire pear which he adds is a pieceof luck for him at his age ; but afterall he was but forty-eight, and thereat the Opera sits David Hume eightyears older than Horace, 44 his broadunmeaning face was usually seen en Iredeux job's minois " writes Lord Char- lemont: for it appears that 44 no] Frenchlady's toilette was complete withoutHume's attendanceThat it is to be a man of a woild:to sit in a box : what ? to be lookeddown on by Hawks tethered in thePigeonere and looked up at by Horacesfrom the parterre.To be either Hume, the AffableHawk or, Horace would be, we think,to be a real man of the world :they really seem like the genuine ar- ticle, do they not ? Let us proceedalong our route nor stop too longwasting time in some fond dream thatby imitating Horace, Hume or Hawkwe shall ever see that remarkablyinexhaustible, beautiful, but entertainingthing, the world.These men were men of the ciSy.They were les Hommes de DeauviSle,Uomini del Lido, men about town,what you will ; but not of the world,not quite that. A BANNED PLAY and A Prefaceon the Censorship. Marie C, Stopes.John Ball Sons. London. 5/ - nit. THE worst of things not going offproperly is that they go on. Ifthey went off properly no one wouldnotice them; Marriage, Birth, Death,Ccal Supply, Lunch Theatres: these things are all inevitable and quite to- lerable, provided they go off smoothly.Any bungling, any fuss, and all isturned to misery.Fear is the bungler, and fear is thetrump tare of the devil. Once sowthat tare, and he can sit down andtwiddle His thumbs on London Bridgefor the whole of Saturday afternoon.The Censor would seem to bethe very flower of Fear. I rather likea theatrical censorship for London—because it goes with the wail-paperthere. But on any but aestheticgrounds 1 object to him, because, bornof fear, he arouses fear; and then theactors begin to hum and haw, andthe vox humana trembles in the organloft and all is in vain,But the censor sprang from fear be- cause marriage was allied to a numberof fears, and birth a fearful thing, andDeath become a terror.The antidote for fear is not alwaysto make us laugh or the Theatre couldbe used to balance the trouble, andthe fears clustering around the Censor,and Birth and Death and Marriagewould be all laughed away. But theTheatre in England trembles at thefirst glance of the Lord Chamberlain.We go out to have a good lunchto forget it: we open our 44 Post "while waiting for our chop, and ourterrors return as we read the headlines:'4 Strike continued : entire countryheld up ".44 Divorce in Aristocratic Circles ".44 Mangled remains found in Ditch :Seven men suspected.45 Scientist's Discovery to prolong Lifeindefinitely ".Without further pleasure is ourchop—our little lunch is spoiled—ithas not gone off properly.And Mrs Marie C. Stopes, her playhas been banned: it failed to go offproperly, and she thinks it's the faultof the Censor, and she thinks he canbe improved, brought up, and put inorder as she would put the matters ofBirth and Marriage in order -and as Iwould put the matter of Lunch inorder. 44 Lunches without tares"would be the slogan. And indeed ifonly we could get this accursed fearweeded out of everything from birthto death, we should, I'm thinking, havea remarkably happy life of it.What is the Lord Chamberlainfrightened of? for he too is in ter- ror about some thing—at least so itseems. Do you know—or does any- body know ? He doesn't I'm quitesure. And what is Mrs. Stopes frigh- tened about? She wrote gi Plays ofOld Japan" in 19!3 ; lived in Ja- pan in 1907; presumably bad enoughto eat (I mention this, for to be atall in doubt about dinner is the soleexcuse for the birth of fear....the ani- mals explain all that) Her motheris the Shakespearean scholar Mrs. C. C.Stopes, whose book on Burbag? is mydelight. While busy with Burbageshe assuredly found food for her littledaughter Marie and thus alayed herearly troubles in the cot, Perhapswhen cross the elder Mis. Stopes said44 Now, Marie, if you're not good theCensor will come and eat you ", andperhaps that is why the younger Mrs.Stopes seems so frightened and wantsto pull his hair if she can get at him.And the whole trouble could besettled in five or six months by Mr.Baldwin who can settle anything—infive or six months ; but then there isthe fear that if he were called awayfrom the annual strike there wouldbe worse trouble. That affair of theCoal is a little knubbly bit in theDevil's scuttle. The mere thought orcoal is a sure card which he can playover and over again. Coal guaranteesunrest, for is it not composed of32. a. g: CARBON -f P. Z.+FEAR,so that's all right. Take away thefear and it won't burn in some of thegrates as well as it did before. Leavethe fear in and the chances are it willblaze something lovely in time. Whenit does there will not be much hopefor this Banned Play being performedto a crowded house : and if it doesn'tthere will be scarcely more hope. Sothe notion that Mr. Baldwin couldsettle the Censor business can be putaside ;—he is too busy.And what about the theme of thebanned play, over-sexuality and under- sexuality of husbands ?—let us leavewives out of it since nature has ar- ranged that they can if they wishhave nothing proved about them. Ifa lady is hungry no one can prove itI defy them to. If she is thirsty,if she looks at you or away from you,round you or into you, it is not to beproved. Who has known any- thing at all about a woman? Hencemore trouble. Here fear dictates apolicy of disguise which is masterlyand effectively thwarts even the devil.So that what with his tares and hisgoing up and down and her disgui- sings—well, only Mr. Baldwin couldput the things to rights and he's toobusy over the coal.The Play was banned, says theauthoress, because it touches the deeprealities of life ; shows a woman sin*- pie, pure, normally sexed, ...a man fu- tile and weak. But what, you willask, is that for a drama ? As a matterof fact it isn't a drama at all; perhapsit's a play: I don't know. 1 ra- ther liked what 1 wa3 able to read ofit, but it all seemed to me a discus- sion about whether a man should orshouldn't do this or that and whethera woman ought or ought not to pre- tend to be pretending to not pretend,and so on.After all, whether a discussion canbe a play, is a point I feel uncertainabout; a discussion may be dramaticbut it can't be a drama or it's nota good serious discussion. Good dramadoesn't consider who's hurt.This discussion by Mrs. Stopeswould be useful to any helplesslycomposed lady as a guide to her.But have }rou ever yet known anywoman who was helpless ?.., so thebook will be of no use to womenanyhow. If by chance one exists onearth, and I don't believe it, then thisbook is for her: it will offer her allthe neatest arguments guaranteed to gether out of a connection with the manto whom she is married,—a husbandwho doesn't give her a child; and itwiil at the same time release him fromher for the lady who obviously doesn'twant a child. Some do, some don't.The false supposition of Mrs. Stopes isthat all do. And some people likediscussions; but Mrs. Stopes is wrongin supposing that a sensible publicwould stand such a discussion as thisone put by her into three acts. Threeacts of discussion, it's terrible; and to have thrown av/ay the exceptio- nal experience Japan must have givenher, ...to have descended from transla- ting the art of the No plays of Japaninto English, which Professor Sakuraiso kindly helped her over and so well,to descend to the feeblest discussion Ihave ever heard carried on, is to throwaway too much.Why d oes she act so? What makesthis charming visitor to Japan leave thatland of order and return with her hairtowzled, her face distorted, her handsagitated, ~.a dishevelled person whereonce was such a charming person ? Theanswer is 44 she is acting ".This deliberate consecration of her- self to Japan was so well begun; Ido sincerely hope she wiil slop thework she is now doing and turn oncemore to her own translation of the Noiplays and read one of them ...slowly.How possible, after that, to fussabout these trivial matters—trivial be- cause fussy. If a modern day Mrs. Car- lyle or Mrs. Raskin wants to leave a husband, let her: no one is everobliged to stay, except by law, withanyone else. And the laws are reallynot made for Mrs. Carlyle or Mrs,Ruskin, for Phedre or for Sappho.I rather wish they were. But who isthere that is able to make 'em? Letthem try. THE LIFE OF RACINE by MaryDuclax. Fisher Unwin. 10/6. IS there any fr'end quite so reliableas a foe ? the foe never lets yourest until you get to heaven, whereasthe friend, on glimpsing the gates, isjust a little apt to push ahead of usand slip in whether we can get thereor no. The foe dogs you and seemsto be only entirely happy when, as thegates slam in his face, he hears themuffled cries of joy on the ether sidewelcoming the sinner. Turning awaywith a happy sigh he goes down againto the poor old world murmuring 44 Oh,for some one to hate me ".And to do him justice we all hatehim—but not sufficiently. Our hatredis not as virtuous as hi 3, for it is notso intense. We wish him a good rid- dance,—we bolt up any old alley toavoid him,— we shall never save hissoul: we feel that it would freezeHeaven if we sent it there ; so wecut and forget him, and he, so kindto us, is thus repaid unfairly.What is to be done with suchgood men ? Above Heaven and be- neath Hell there must be some spe- cial place reserved for the inhumanlyvirtuous—a large tract of space wherethe only thing which can grow isdecent pettiness, across which no soundcan blow nor no colour wash; intowhich comes that guardian angel nowand again to peer around—that fallenangel whose history we have yet tolearn ; who fell not as fell Lucifer sonof the Morning, but ineffectively ateventide in the very hush and horrorof quietism.Let us not linger too long near theedge of that district over which itbroods, this pinched watcher. To doso is to come perilously near terror,and the crying of cats at night.It was not Racine but his foes, wholed me to take a peep into that district.His foes of 1670 90 seem to havedescendants; they slill worry them- selves about Racine and they feel that44 the more one begins to inquire exactlyinto the life of Racine the more dif- ficult it becomes to put one's hand onone's heart and swear that not oneof those words" (of Diderot) 4&lt; fourbe, traiire, ambiiieux, envieux, michantare entirely unjust when applied tohim ". Well, certainly, one must havea heart before one can place one'shand on it, but I hope one is notobliged to swear even then.This quotation is from a review isan English weekly that I came acrossof this very book on the poet, and itwas this very review which led me toask the publishers for a copy of the44 Life " that I too might see what atraltre, what a mechant fellow thissame rascally Racine, was like. (Seehow well the enemy serves God.).And now I know. Until I had readthe review of it I had never had thefaintest notion what Racine was. Hehad seemed to me like some old win- dow of an empty cottage, so thicklycoated with dust that it had ceased tobe a window ; a deader man for mecould not have existed. Lytton Slra- chey struck a match in his essay 44 Ra- cine ", held it up, and I believed him ;he moved the match here and thereand asked 44 Isn't it?" and I agreedit was, trusting Strachey at any time ;but he didn't give me a picture ofthe poet—and out went the match.But now Madame Mary Duclaux hasacted the hostess—invited the greatman to supper, invited us to meethim, and has brought in two silver- plated cnadelabra each with twentylights burning, and made day in herroom in her 17th century chateau.There he sits—undoubtedly RACINE :we sup.Outside prowl the cats and thepoke-noses, still bent on discovering44 The Mystery of Racine " —sincenone exists. But it takes a woman,and she a great lady and a perfecthostess, to make that plain. It oftendoes. Men are so stupid.Lucky Racine, ... and I too am mostgrateful to Madame Duclaux. To havebeen invited to meet Racine —really :and poke-noses believe that that is themoment to sit glum in a corner, nodthe head, and, when the fun is atthe height, to ask with a face like amouse-trap, 4i But what about the Mou- lon Blanc that being a hostelry ofthe 17th century and apparently notunlike 44 The Mermaid " of Shake- speare's day and place.Having delivered himself of thisquery the poke-nose follows it up with," Monsieur Racine, I want to ask youa question ; did you—or did you notmurder Mile du Pare ? "But thanks to grace and beauty,Madame Duclaux has wit and doesn'tinvite such people to her table.She knows Racine well; the cri- tic finds her picture too rosy, whichof course is impossible. Racine posi- tively was and is Racine—or is hePaul Pry ? Which ? If Paul Pry, thenof course he can't be Racine and thecurtain comes down and we must admitto having made a mistake and cometo the wrong Theatre: but if he beRacine and if we be ordinary men, dolet us at least mind our Ps and Qs.If we are not clever let us at least beimitative and attempt to look andbehave as our hostess does in his pre- sence.Suppose him Thomas Hardy orVerlaine or Moliere, suppose himHamlet. Must we ape the Guildern- sterns and attempt to pluck out theheart of his mystery ? What mysteryis it but the ancient one. that of theeternal passion of Life—the agony andfarcical crowning and it is finished.Poor fool, he who sits giggling andnose-poking like an imbecile at thefoot of a cross ; wanting to know ifMile du Pare was poisoned so as tocomplete his 11 Short Chats with Cri- minals ". Let him go out into thelavatory and there wash off (if it willcome off) some of his beastly virtue.It was the review in " The NewStatesman " which has made me socross : it's awful lack of understanding,of reverence or charity for mankindappalled me. I had not meant toname the paper but I do so in thehope that whoever wrote that articlemay realize the good that kind cfthing does. FIRST STUDIES IN DRAMA- TIC ART hy Enid Rose. Clive ;University Tutorial Press 5/6 net. THE Times" (Literary Supple- ment) in a longish review of thisexcellent little book—damns it. Damnswith faint praise. It is the fate of all who,though merely reviewers, feel theymust act the just judge, to make amess of it.Reviewers should try hard not tofeel important. Feeling important I toodamn this excellent book, for it hasand I shall surprise you now—faults.But it has great qualities.To begin with it is written by awoman. What a virtue. You and Iwho are mere men can know nothingof the seriousness which a womangives to the task. And seriousnesscounts." The Times " reviewer (LiterarySupplement) wrote cleverly; but hewanted to be the only one to scoff.The moment Miss Rose scoffs he grows cross, and talks of " great ble- mishes ".Scoff or no scoff, this is a first-ratelittle book and we advise every wo- man at all interested in the advanceof the Theatre to read it.Some of it is just what a " firststudy " should be; the rest is far inadvance of that. And every schooland college wThich is going in fortheatricals must get the book.€jf There are four chapters. Chap- ters II and 111 are difficult, but are forthe tutor, not the student. Chapter IVis for the student and it is an admi- rable one. It deals with the Developmentof the Theatre and the Drama and reas- serts the importance of the actor aschief instrument of Drama.- The Times" supposes this to benot exactly all Mr. Gordon Craigwould approve, Why, he supposesanything so utterly silly the just judgeof " The Times " best knows. Forin Mr. Craig the actor has probablythe very best friend he ever had orever will have; but this the "Times"reviewer is not a careful enough readerto know.Had he read carefully what Mr,Craig has written, had he read witheyes which could read through jnsteadof eyes which were happy to triflewith the surface and listened with earsless honoured by the tittle tattle ofprofessional nobodies he would know.It would not be a bad thing if be- fore long " The Times " (LiterarySupplement) had one reviewer whowas possessed of discernment in Thea- trical things, for such books as MissRose's should not be damned, since itis readable and as right as rain. THE MAYFAIR CALENDAR byHorace Wyndham. Hutchinson. 18/—net.LONDON'S LATIN QUARTERby Kenneth Hare and Dorothea St. /.George, The Bodley Head. / 5/— net. THE Mayfair Calendar " is reada- ble f rom beginning to end. " Lon- don's Latin Quarter" is not." Fbe Mayfair Calendar " is s'* acompendium dealing with the delin- quencies of members of 'high society* ".It is a companion volume to " TheNewgate Calendar ".The chapter on Edmund Kean haslittle reason for being here because,though he did live in the alleys ofMayfair for a time, he was not a memberof high society. Still, it will interestthose of us who like to see Mr. Keanoff the stage. 64 London's Latin Quarter " shouldhave been called " London's Green- wich Village " for it appears to be arather weak imitation of the BohemianQuarter of New York. There is no- thing at all resembling the Paris LatinQuarter as I remember that soberneighbourhood. In London the Bohe- mian element is manufactured, forthe fashionable people who put ontheir very best clothes and go downat 2 o'clock in the morning to theGargoyle Club, or the Ham BoneClub, or the Bull Frogs' Club, (atleast so one is led to suppose fromthis book), and there hunt around, nottor a Bone or a Goyle, but for anyother self-conscious people they canfind. These are often horribly badlyoff, sometimes even reduced to threeor four pounds apiece for a few days,M eantime, lest London be shamed,let us own up to the fact that Londonhas a genuine old Bohee quarter some- where between the East and Westend.—But where it is only you and Iknow;—obviously Mr. Hare doesn't. SEVEN VOLUMES.ALL OF THEM PLAYS. A MASK FOR A NÕ PLAY.From the Berlin Museum. Plate 17. THE DRAMATIST; Frederick Rey- nolds. Humphrey Mil ford, OxfordUniversity Press, //—.THE TRIAL OF JESUS. JohnMasefield. Heinemann. 6j—.WE MODERNS; Israel ZangwllLHeinemann. 6/—.NABOTH'S VINEYARD. CU~mence Dane. Heinemann. 6/—.THREE FARCES by David Garrick,Yale University Press - HumphreyMilford. Oxford University Press).7/6.THE WALTZ OF THE DOGS,L. Andreyev. Brentano9s. London.THREE TIBETAN MYSTERIESRoutledge. 7/6. SEVEN authors, all of them wellknown, and the first, FrederickReynolds, dead and gone some centu- ries ago, is the only one to have jus- tice done him by his publisher. Thepublisher puts him in a tiny little book,with paper cover?, and sends him outat a shilling. All the other books arefive shillings, six shillings, or seven andsix, and that is much too much.It used to be " Book of the words,,price three pence the idea beingthat all you needed was a little bro- chure which you could put in yourpocket, and look at it if you wantedto recall what it was that you hadheard upon the stage. But nowadays we are perfecting allose things which should be left im- *fect, and leaving imperfect all thosedngs which we should perfect. Andthe publishers bring out handsomeoking books of acted and unacted*ays, and, while it pleases us to bele to read them when we want to, I' one have a feeling that the way5 books are presented to us is ale pretentious.That is why I so much like " Theamatist " by Frederick Reynolds,tich the Oxford University Pressles for 1 /—. The public reallyinot possibly want anything betteranything more. The paper is good,j type is good, and the size of theoklet perfect. The old custom ofbreviating the long names like Mac- h to Mac: is followed, so we haven: for Floriville and Nev: for Ne- e in small italic.But in Mr. Zangwiil's play " We&gt;derns Messrs Heinemann and Co7e used a large capital letter for thenes of the Dramatis Person&amp;&gt; andsomehow gives one a feeling ofxness as one looks at it.... " DICKDOLLY.... DICK .... DOLLY ....CK....D1CK....MARY....D1CK....CK". Common sense has not gone tosetting up of this play. The use of ay small capital letter would note mattered very much, though noitai is so good as the lower casec for this purpose.)ne does not want to see so muchte followed by such trivial lines.example: )ICK. " Yes. dear, I'll go at once",that a lot of stage direction.Oh! Joanna".Kher that "JOANNA" in big5, and all she say? is "Clumsy",...all we can add is " Very "!Vith these huge names crying outnotice the best we can do is to readn and ponder: "DICK, DICK...poor old Dick..., Yes, MARY,\JRY, MARY. .. there, there, dear\RY. These big names are like anggerated amount or scenery and/ays attract us away from a poor; y-In the " Trial of Jesus " by Johnasefield, a small letter has been em- yed for the Dramatis Persons.The author of Odtaa " has caus- the sacred figure of Jesus to speak,my opinion such a figure shouldi speak on a stage, and it is evenübtful whether he should be seen,have never thought it sensible inan author to make very great men,great historical figures of the past, cometo life on a stage and speak,... Shake- speare for example. I recall having readtwo or three plays in which Shakes- peare was made to enter in the flesh,and became immediately embarrassed.He seemed to be fishing about forhis words; seemed uncertain as towhether he should utter little nothingsin the du Maurier manner such as"Hullo, Ben! Have you seen Chap- man today?" or whether he shouldroll out lines lifted prematurely fromhis own plays.How should Shakespeare be made tospeak? What author is ever going tobe so dull as to dare ?Then what can one feel and sayabout the appearance of a divinefigure like Jesus....and speaking? Ifanyone could achieve success in En- glish it would be Mr. Masefieid. Thathe fails is nothing astonishing —it iseven wonderful that he fails so well.Miss Clemence Dane fails over Na- both, and Jezebel, Ahab and Elijah.Conceive an Arabian writer attemptingto succeed with the character of St,Francis of Assisi or Catherine of Siena.I do not want to see Elijah on thestage. Why should we push towardsthat day when we shall see " TonightMr. Henry Ainley as Jesus " printedon a Poster and pasted up near theCriterion Bar, next door to " TheWaltz of the Dogs next week....Mr,Henry Ainley as Henry Tilley "." The Waltz of the Dogs" is ahorrible sort of a play by Andreyev.There is, thank the Tzar, a certainamount of go in it, but it is not aplay that would be worth going to see.Whereas the three farces of Garrickare the genuine article: only littlethings, of course .... trifles,—unpreten-tious— wasting only an hour and a halfof our time, and " The Dramatist " byReynolds is another of the same kind:...an hour and a half, one shilling.As for the " Tibetan MysteryPlays they seem curiously interesting,but I have been unable.... I had notsix hours to spare to each page. JAP A NISCHE MASKEN. NOUND KYOGEN, by Frederick Per- zynsl?L De Gruyter &amp; Co. Berlin.2 Volumes. Price 80 Marks. IN this superb book are to be found110 full page plates of masks.The European stage is presentedwith something it can study (if it'snot asleep) without knowing Japaneseor German.Even the casual observer will notethat there are very few masks whichcan be labeled Heroic, but quite a few which are demonic. But most ofthem are curiously ordinary faces,though to see how they fit the faceof the character one would have toread each play, There are manywhich resemble death masks—there ishardly one which has not a whisperof death on it.This would settle it for Messrs Buttand If; not in their theatre if youplease—. And although the realm ofdeath is not what the Dramatist setsout to show us, in Japan and inGreece ids playwright seldom failed tohint at it. Stomachs and hearts werestronger in those days, it seems.Masks then serve, ...but there mustbe the dramatist to tie them on, Noone else may perform this office.Altogether a wonderful book, thisbook of Masks.Look for example, at Plate No 17 ;reproducing an illustration from thisbook.It is a mask for a No. play.Recently in London a Greek playwas performed by a group of enthu- siasts who used masks.That and the Japanese use ofmasks are two different things, Euro- peans have lost the wisdom which be- longed to the spectators and the ar- tists of the No. They have also lostthe tradition which tells what masksare for and how to use them. Theyseem also to have lost the audacitysufficient to invent and use new masksfor a new type of Drama.To put on a thing called a maskand to babble /Eschylus or Sophoclesthrough the mouthpiece is, and alwayswill be, unfortunate. We must returnto the use of Masks only by advan- cing to another condition of mind thanthat possessed by enthusiasts for playingthe fool gravely. FIVE BOOKS.FOUR MEN AND A HALF.BEETHOVEN : STRINDBERG : TCHEHOV :SHAW : - AND SAMUEL PEPYS. (I) | would recommed these five books1 to anybody who today cares to geta glimpse of two human men, twoclever men, and a nobody, because on (i) Beethoven's Letters, edited byDr. A. C. Kalischer. Dent &amp; Sons.The Confessions of a Fool by Au- gust Strindberg. Viking Press, NewYork. Dollars 2.50.The Letters of Anton PavlovitchTchehov to Olga Leonardovna Knipper,Chatto Sc Windus. 15/- net.The Genius of Bernard Shaw byPatrick Braybrooks. Dane's Ltd. 7/6 net.Samuel Pepys, by Lucas Dubreton.A. L. Philpot Ltd. 7/6 net. looking at the five of them together onecan more easily measure them.Two there are who stand out headand shoulders above the rest and maybe really called great men; and bythat I do not mean pieces of perfec- tion, but human beings made of morethan one element, one stuff ; made ofall that goes to make a man, andtrying to understand what this humanstuff in them can be. They leave itunstated—they are not cock-sure, theyare not taken up with gazing in aglass all day, they are not egoists fortheir whole lives are devoted to thecreating of great things for us, not tomaking money or a sensation; and yetthey have appeared to those of a scepti- cal turn of mind to be making a greatfuss about themselves.But they are not. They are notmaking a fuss about themselves. Theyare assuredly busy about this queerthing which possesses them and they re- port truly of it, and for that alonethey may be considered as great men.Beethoven wrote no " Confessionsof a Fool" as did Strindberg, and,in refraining from that, he shows hewas wiser; but Strindberg, when heconfesses his folly, confesses it in astrange way. He does it like a dra- matist who is confessing the folly ofothers; ~.he shows himself on a stageas two of the dramatis persons. Hisone self with its weaknesses, brutalities,fears, he sends on to the stage andcauses it to speak, uttering the mostextraordinary things so that your sym- pathies are entirely turned against thisfigure. He is not out to make it ahero; but, just as he is finishing withthe figure, he brings his second self on,and this second self he flings against theother. It swamps the other, but notfor long; for as soon as the first figurebegins to speak again and to take thestage, the second dwindles we dis- like him.We are now entirely in favour ofthis first one ; but before long we areagain drawn round to the other ; andthen in a flash, as they come closertogether, they seem to merge into oneand to grow in stature. Two mencannot be one man. We draw backfrom this huge figure. There is some- thing that does not satisfy us. Quicklya third appears, makes us forgetthe two of them. And again thisthird figure becomes merged in theother two and becomes immense.Round this terrific figure move otherfigures, the figure of a wife, herformer husband, and many other people.He is fair to all as only a great dra- matist can be. The difference we find, as we lookat the whole company acting, is, that,whereas the wife, the former husbandand the others each possesses one being,he, the hero-villain-fool of the piece,possesses three.Part of the story of Strindberg isthe story of a dramatist with a wifewho wants to act and who is a nui- sance.There is something of the samestory about Tchehov, though no onecould call Madame Knipper a nui- sance. His wife was already anactress when he married her, and, inall the letters which they write to andfro, you can feel the unspoken prayerof Tchehov that she would cease toact. Why should she cease? I donot know. Tchehov is dead, and hiswife is the greatest actress in Russia.Quite unlike Strindberg, Tchehovwas what you would call a cleverman , and, besides being that, was, itwould seem, a very sweet-naturedman ; not handsome, not immense, nota genius like Strindberg, but amusing,.,how amusing; so amusing and sosweet (if we may use the adjectiveagain) that the irony of his thoughtuntil he dies is so sugared over thateven some of his closest friends couldnot perceive it.Nobody can be more drawn towardsTchehov than I am, but somehow 1regret his whole existence. His lifedoes not seem to me to be the life ofa man, nor the life of a greatdramatist. It seems to be all toosafe and small for that ...a smali- ness which matches with the age justas Strindberg's grandeur, defects andall, stood above the age; and so itccmes about that we see him withBeethoven, whereas we see Tchehovdown here with Shaw, the secondclever dramatist.To call the book "The Genius ofBernard Shaw " is to make a journa- listic claim for something which is not,even as dubbing himself 'dramatic- poet* when he wrote to the GermanAmbassador was but a journalistic claimand was not very clever. No one willever need to waste time claiming geniusfor Strindberg so obviously does hepossess it.And Pepys ?... Really. MADEMOISELLE MOLIERE, byHenry Lyonnet. Felix Alcan, Paris.1925. Francs 12. THE French, like the Italians, havealways practised the sensible habitof clothing their books in paper covers,leaving scope for individual taste in binding ; and this enables them to giveus books of worth at a more reason- able cost than those produced inLondon and New York, a fact forwhich all book-buyers must be grateful.This little volume on " Mademoi- selle Moliere '*, the title by which thewife of Moliere was known, is by anauthor who has produced many bookson the theatre, including " Le Theatreen Espagne '*, " Le Theatre au Por- tugal " Pulcinella et Cie ", andothers; and this present work formspart of the series of " Acteurs et Ac- trices d'Autrefois **, a series of M do- cuments and anecdotes " published un- der the direction of M. Louis Schneider.Among the many volumes whichhave already appeared is one on " Bo- cage '* by Paul Ginisty, ex-director ofTOdeon. Others announced include" Marie Dorval ** by Antoine of theTheatre-Libre ; " Rachel " by LouisBathou, and " Mademoiselle Marsby Lucien Desclaves.If " Mademoiselle Moliere ** is aspecimen of the rest, the series is worthadding to the theatre student's library,since much interesting information iscontained in a convenient form, andwell illustrated, among the eighteenplates in this little volume being twointeresting views of the Villa Moliereat Meudon.Altogether, good measure for twelvefrancs. FOUR BOOKS. A STUDY OF THE MODERNDRAMA by Barrett H. Clarke. D.Applefon &amp; Company $ 3.50.GLAMOUR ; Essays on the Art ofthe Theatre by Stark Young. CharlesScribner's Sons, New York $ 2.MODERN THEATRES by IrvingFichel. Harcourt Brace &amp; Company$ 2.25.PL A YS OF THE MOSCO W ARTTHEATRE MUSICAL STUDIO.English Translation from the Russianby George S. &amp; Gilbert Selden withintroduction by Oliver M. Sayler. Bren~tano's $ 3.&gt;UMMUMIWimiUUM—J——JUMUIJ——j— H«II»«IIH !■■!■■ ■ 11l I —!■ IHMUmUB TT—M— llf WHEN Major General John F.O'Ryan, Commander of the27th Division of the United StatesArmy in the War, called for a moresportsman American attitude towardsWar debts he caused no audible echoin the United States ", says a Lon- don journal. But that was because thestupid people, (and by that, one meansthe majority of people), cannot seeexactly what a clever man like Gene- rat G* Ryan means when he asks themto be more sportsman-like about some- thing that does not concern them inthe least. What he meant but didnot (for International reasons) explainwas, would they assume, would theyput on, a sportsmanlike Americanexpression, and hold it long enoughfor the Cinema to register, for thatwould be just bully for reclame.So when an American writes to€&lt; The Mask " (T) and says that Ameri- cans have the habit of giving, andthat they intend to give big sums tothe Shakespeare Memorial whether welike it or no, we ought to be clevererthan we are, and we ought to under- stand what he means. We ought toknow that he means mischief; butgood, nice, sportsman-like mischief. Inour lack of comprehension we are likethe majority of the people of the Uni- ted States who do not tumble rightaway to what it was precisely that Ge- neral O'Ryan was trying to say. Wedo not undeistand what our Americancorrespondent, Mr. Campbell, means. Atleast we did not. Now we begin to.And we like it even less,Because of this : ....and I am goingto differ with Mr. Campbell first andapologize afterwards.All this pitiful love of a sure, cheapreclame is a nuisance which the Ame- ricans should keep to themselves.Their use of our Shakespeare is anexample of what 1 mean. Shakes- peare is not for their purposes of re- clame. if the name 44 Shakespeare **can serve as reclame to his own peo- ple, ali very well and good. It seemsextremely doubtful. What must re- main in no possible doubt, is thatunder no circumstances whatever mustwe allow ourselves to be hood- winked by a showy offer of fundsfrom America into allowing Americansonce more to tell the world that theyare very very generous and are unableto refuse our tearful appeal to savethe situation in which we have placedour Shakespeare.Who for a moment doubts the factthat there must he, that there are,thousands of very generous Americans ;but who is there who does not knowthat generosity is4 after all, a veryquiet things all said and done, anddoes not make much of itself; so thatMr. Campbell, though he writes areally excellent letter, and is the lastperson that anyone could wish to dif- fer from, is for all that just the veryman who ought to know better.1 wonder whether he would be so moved, look so hne, strike such an at- titude if it were a question of a WaitWhitman or Poe that was before theworld !We know quite well of course thatthe Shakespeare Drama is one of thebest things in the world and that thisshould be sufficient reason for killingit. To America the best is only some- thing to tire of quickly and to kill.Do not imagine that this is myopinion.... it is the opinion of the Ame- rican Mr. Stark Young, whose essayson the art of the theatre are not thesort of th:ng the Americans will killimmediately, but there are one or twopassages in these essays that should bechewed up straight away.44 In America, every year it is true9We hail the best thing in the World,such is our craving for the superla- tive and our trust in print. The bestthing in the world comes to us anddeparts, and We are ready for ano- ther best thing in the World. But forthe moment the Moscow Art TheatreWas that. The fact that the organi- sation was old and somewhat tired,and some of the actors but shadowsof what they once had been, Was notmentioned. The superlative reigned,the house was crowded in spite of aforeign language and high prices. Inthe spring the company on tour retur- ned, to less majorities, and their visittn the following season Was by nomeans a triumph. I have often won- dered what these Russians thoughtof that falling away after such ra- ving heal, but if they had known usbetter they would have expected asmuehMr. Stark Young, it is, who needsto know the Russians better, to knowall of us poor Europeans better. Weare a conglomeration of the stupidestraces, as we have long suspected. Butit is extraordinary how we are allagreed as to the importance of goingto America to get some money. Weall go, do we not; we all stay a shorttime, and come away ; but 1 fear thatmany of us say rude things aboutAmerica on coming back. Some evenwrite books saying it. Some make arude gesture—they do not go again.Why should they.... how can they....they are dead. Ameripa, loving themso much for six months, says, 4 4 Good- bye ! Tell us who is better than youover there ". Well, it would kill you,would it not, and you are a hardenedAmerican, are you not, if we askedyou a thing like that on your visit toEurope. And it is always artists towhom they put this delicate question.If it should happen to be one of their own superlatively great artists, they donot even put the question to them.They club them on the head at thelanding stage. This statement of mineexasperates you to the extent of laugh- ing at me if you are American. ButI assure you it is the solemn and ab- solute truth, and you can take it, andput it into your pipe, and smoke itas slowly as possible. 44 Oh! Ourartists are such bad, weak people, suchundesirable people, etc. **. Talk onand talk in, fade in and fade out, forall we can listen to you, with yournonsense about the undesirability ofyour great artists.A great and clever nation, a beau- tiful nation, and a brilliant nation, youplay the fool in regard to your artists.But you may take comfort in this fact,that here you imitate Europe perfectly.Why grow so heated, you ask me!Only that I have sympathy for greatartists, and Mr. Morris Gest has sym- pathy too. He is sympathetic enoughto speculate in them.Recently his thought have turnedtowards the Russian theatre, althoughthe German theatre, titivated up byGeddes and Lady Diana Cooper, onceclaimed his attention.Having run the Moscow Art Thea- tre, Mr. Gest, approaching one of theDirectors with bated breath and whis- pered humbleness, asks whether thegoods could be a little different nexttime. Nemerovitch Dantchenko (one ofthe directors) whose files are packed fullwith every kind of theatrical goods,asks Mr. Gest to give it a name.44 Opera, Mr. Nemeovitch, is what Ithought of " Certainly, Mr, Gest,a new kind of opera shall be withyou in a couple of months And anew kind of opera, new to Mr. Gest,is forthcoming. It is new in the sensethat it seems new. Like the nuts tothe monkeys, When the monkeyssquabbled and there was a revolution inthat house, because there were twelvenuts in the morning and six in theafternoon, it was a Nemerovitch Dant- chenko who solved the difficulty bygiving them six nuts in the morningand twelve in the afternoon.Having got hold of the new kindof opera, Mr. Gest calls on severalpeople to turn out a book of thewords, which does not appear in ordi- nary loose paper cover as the old li- brettos have always appeared, but in ahandsome cloth bound book, price $ 3,printed on fine paper, and containingthe words of five operas and operettastranslated into English.I must say 1 rather like having acopy, but Mr. Sayler's introductions I do not like, because Mr. Sayler wasborn to do much better and it grievesme to see a man paid to do hisworst. What nonsense he writes Ileave you to judge from these samples,1) 44 With 44 The Lyons Mai!Henry Irving curdled countless hearts2) 44 Ihe Russians summoned toAmerica by Maurice Gest 44 Curd- led " and 44 Summoned " are cheapand gaudy. But Madame Angot isof course glorious into whatever lan- guage she is translated :ACT ONE(A Market Place, Buteux, Cadet,Guiilaume, Javotte, Th&amp;ese; marketwomen and men in holiday dress. Later,Pomponnet and Babet).Chorus. Where is he,The happy one,The favored one ?Let him nowQuickly comeFor his lovely bride...See the birdsHop about—Off the twig On again.Here he waits eagerlyFor his lovely bride.(Pomponnet appears at a window).Men. There he is! Pomponnet,are you ready ?Pomponnet Yes, I am quite ready,—and so it goes on page after page.Would you like to hear the firstpage of 44 Lysistrata " or Carmencita "?Rather let me offer you half a pageof 44 PericholeThe Viceroy. The banns, the banns....Count Panatellas. The banns the&lt;banns,...Don Pedro. The banns, the hanns.,..Piquillo. Yes, yes, yes.Chorus of Men. Yes, yes, yefr,For certain Mr. Horace Wyndhamwill run to the Rue de Rivoli imme- diately, and buy a copy. And thisMr. Gest, who has books like thisbrought out, who summons the Rus- sians to America, from sheer love ofthe art, of course; who comes to Eng- land, and announces in the 44 Eve- ning Standard " or some other paper,that he is right out for religion, andthat he feels that, to make religion gowith a pop, he will take back themost beaut'ful girl from England if hehas to walk across the street to gether, and finally secures Lady DianaCooper, this Mr. Gest is a man I par- ticularly dislike; not in that he ad- mires Lady Diana Cooper as the mostbeautiful lady in the world, or thathe loves art ; that would be all right too, if it were true; or that LadyDiana Cooper ushers him into the pre- sence of the baronesses and countes- ses of London;—that is odd but nevermind; what I dislike in him is that heis everlastingly pretending that he ismaking a great sacrifice, pretending thathe is doing it for the love of thething. That is a definitely nasty trickon America.It does not matter to Europe be- cause Europe sees through such badpretending. Our own Mr. Cochranwould never stoop to bungle in thatway: when he fools the public hedoes it so that none of us can seethrough it; and if Mr. Gest wouldonly learn his business and do thattoo, we would be readier to applaud.To be thoroughly taken in, what mat- ter ; but for a raw amateur to comeup, winking with both eyes at once—winking eight obvious winks—underour very noses, and then *' Watch metake you in that is what is soappalling in the amateur Mr. Gest.You will begin to suppose that Idislike everything that is American. Ido not; but most of what I see Ido dislike,And indeed I always very muchlike the books of Barrett H. Clark,who still concerns himself with the studyof the drama. I have had his 44 Euro- pean Theories of the Drama " by mefor a number of years, and it wearswell. He must have given it away.I keep it somewhere near my table ifthat explains what I mean ; and thisnew book 44 The Study of the Mo- dern Drama " looks to me as thoughit would also prove of use. The wri- ter, now and again, tries to explainthe meaning of the dramas. He eventries to explain the dramatist, and Ithink that he . will some day come tosee that that is a mistake. For instance,speaking of Sirindberg, he refers to hisdistorted view of life. What aboutthe distorted view of life of Tolstoi,Gorki, Tchehov, Ibsen, Hoffmansthal,Becque, Brieux, Pirandello, cTAnnun- zio and Bernard Shaw ? The authorseems to have a dislike for Strindberg,but when writing about drama, youfirst read the play, or put it down.Or you listen to the play, or go out.But you cannot get up and say, 44 Ido not approve of what this dramatistis saying " because the dramatist issaying nothing. He has created cha- racters in a certain situation, and heis a good dramatist in so far as heleaves ail his characters free, a baddramatist in so far as he pulls theirstrings.Strindberg, in " The Father the play Mr. Barrett falls foul of " inthe pseudo-Socratic method ", has gi- ven us that rare big thing a great play,and there can be no questions put aboutits author. One must accept such aninspiration and sit quiet, except forI he critical part of Mr. Clark's book,it is closely packed with good things,and I mean it very seriously when Isay, that no one studying drama canpossibly do without it, because it isbound to prove so useful.I wish 1 could say as much forMr. Irving Pichel's " Modern Thea- tres **, which concerns itself with thebuilding of theatres. The announce- ment says that he sketches briefly thehistorical tradition of theatre building,and that is more or less correct, buthe sketches far too briefly.The same announcement says thatthere are over forty illustrations 44 ran- ging from the Theatro Farnese ofParma ** etc. (he spells the name ofthis city 44 Palma ") but the bookdoes not actually contain one illustra- tion of the Theatro Farnese. Twoof the other designs are placed upsidedown.His statement that the turn-tablestage was invented by Herr Lauten- schalger is careless in a writer whomust by this time be aware that itwas invented by the Japanese, sincemany authoritative books tell us so.Now here are four books com'ngfrom America, all of them dealing withAmerica, and one of them very good.One out of four is no mean average,but I feel about Pichel and StarkYoung that they could do so verymuch better, and I hope they will notimagine because I have a pen in handthat I am feeling at all superior to- wards them.I know how difficult it must be,especially in America, to get a bookup and to get a book out ; but I doreally believe that there is only onething that Mr. Pichel and Mr. Youngneed to do to make their books verymuch better indeed, and that is towork four or five times as hard. I donot know if it is worth it. It willnot bring them more money if theygive years of their lives to the prepa- ration of a book : they will have tobe prepared to do without money.Mr. Campbell's statement that tLAmericans have the habit of giving \pretty in sentiment: I do not ask cha- rity for such men as Stark Young andIrving Pichel . all I ask for them isfair pay from their generous money- giving countrymen.It would seem that the men in Ame- rica who are in absolute need of support are not the artists but the publishers.It is not generally known that they arepositively hard up, but I know it: Ihold the proofs.Instead of sending over money toEngland for the bricks and mortarat Stratford-on-Avon, could not thathabit of giving be exercised somewherein the neighbourhood of the hard-uppublishers, so that they may be likeour English publishers, solid once more,and in a position to pay the writersand artists a proper fee for soundwork ? (i) See The Mask. July No. page 126. LIFE OF WILLIAM GODWINby Ford K. Brown. /. M. Dent &amp;Sons. /6/- net. I have always associated William God- win with that play wherein Byron isthe chief character, Shelley and hiswife acting as "feeders" of Byron,old Rogers as the sort of heavy father,Sir Thomas Lawrence as a guest, andGodwin waving his banner at the endof Act I and Act V, and joining inwith everybody else as they shout44 Excelsior ".As a walk on he is all right; playingthe principal role, he strikes me asawful.And here in this book he figures asthe hero.He wrote a book on " PoliticalJustice "—and another called 44 CalebWilliams ", and there is a great dealin these books, so they say ; but thereis ev'dently not sufficient to make oneleap eagerly to the story of the lifeof William Godwin, and devour everypage, as one does, for example, withthe life of Byron, or of Lamb.William Godwin was always infinancial difficulties, and had he beenan extraordinary creature like Blake,for example, the trouble would suit himto the ground. If you are in financialdifficulty, at least be a genius; but donot be a very able man and then bein financial difficulties.But when all this is said and done,this book on Godwin contains a cer- tain amount of interesting information,about Byron, Burke, Blake, Lamb,Coleridge, Shelley, and that young ladywho ought to have a statue put up toher in Westminster Abbey I alludeto Claire Claremont. There is some- thing so touching about this figure, that,even should it not be possible to find roomfor her in Westminster Abbey, thereought to be money enough to put an effigy**p in Tottenham Court Road. It wouldnot be too much to make a monumentlarge enough to contain other figures— other women of that period. 1 neverknow why it is that only our dearsingers and dancers are fortunate enoughto be immortalized in a group! Forinstance you remember that charminggroup Taglioni, Cerito, Grisi and Grahnby Chaion.Why should not the Claremonts,with Lady Byron, and Lady CarolineLamb, form just such another group.44 What did they do? " people wouldask, looking at the group.One would hesitate to reply, butone would say they had such charmingvoices."Did they sing?"" No, they did not sing" Did they recite? "" No, they never recited "."What then did they do?"" Well, they just spoke.... said things,you know ". One's reply would be asindefinite as the outlines of such amonument and I almost think thaton the pedestal in low relief should beseen the figure of Godwin, with hisbanner waving and its strange device. HENRY JACKSON O. M. : R. St.J. Parry. Cambridge University Press/ 5 j-net.MAINLY PLAYERS: BensonianMemories. Constance Benson.. ThorntonButterworth Ltd. 21 /- AT a first glance it is not clearhow these two books are in anyway related to one another; but amore curious enquiry shows us someof the same personalities figuring onboth stages, while some that you arelooking for, expecting to see come onat any moment, do not come at all.In certain books that you open youare right if you expect to find somethingabout Henry Irving, for example, orWilliam Poel or Mr. Bernard Shaw.Now Mr. Bernard Shaw does not enteron to either of these two stages presi- ded over by Lady Benson and HenryJackson, O. M. ; and Henry Irving,and Poel, do not appear at all on thestage of the latter.But to my surprise I see Mr. A.E. W. Mason marching across both ;also Mr. John Masefield. These areand are not theatrical figures. Theyboth are writers and certainly greatfavourites, but not specially of thetheatre; yet they are sufficiently of it toencourage us to look for more theatiicalsin the book of Henry Jackson, andfor more literature in Lady Benson's.In her entertaining chit-chat onemisses certain names high in the lite- rary world ; but this is made up for by meeting one of the greatest namesof all on the second page. We arein the presence of Algernon CharlesSwinburne, it appears that Lady Ben- son's mother received a copy of hispoems, evidently when they were bothfairly young, and, after he gave themto her, he asked her if she liked them,and she wrote her opinion on a pieceof paper and placed it in the bookand gave it to him and this is whathe read :" Your poems I've read, Mr. Swin- burne,But I dont mean to read them again ;They re a mixture of 4 roses, blood- sprinkled *,Of 4 blasphemy ', 4 riot and pain ' ;Your women are all 4 fallen angels ',With 4mouths open ' 4 bloody and red '*They are Gorgons, Medusas, andCirces,Whence ell Womanly virtues are fled".Swinburne was delighted, says LadyBenson, and declared he would havethe lines printed in every copy of hisworks.But alas, after this apparition onPage 2 of the Memories, we comeacross no first class literary figure.Now this is one of the funny thingsabout the book of Henry Jackson.After a tremendous talk about |Shake- speare, we expected to find some men- tion of, let us say, Irving, or Wil- liam Poel, but not a word. Howcan you go on talking about Shake- speare and omit to recall the actor ofthe age ? But this evidently is quiteO. K., for here is Lady Benson men- tioning almost every actor of the age,and forgetting to drag in Mr. Barrieand Mr. Shaw.But there are so many entertaininganecdotes in Lady Benson's book; forinstance, the delightful little story aboutJohn Masefield and the silver plate....that of Marie Lloyd and the 44 kid",and Tagore's impertinence about theEnglish acior.... the sayings of Her- bert Hoover, Gordon Selfridge andOscar Asche.... all make delectablereading,.... and through it all runs apathetic thread, the story of the lo- veable F. R. B.There is a chapter about Mr. W.T. Stead, the great journalist, whowas a little down on the theatre. Peo- ple should avoid being down on thetheatre for what happened to Mr.Stead might happen to them. He oncehad a visit from Mrs. Siddons whoappeared to him at a Stance and ad- vised him to tell his daughter to con- tinue in her stage life. Whether Mrs.Siddons was having her revenge on a debased stage is not certain, but itlooks rather suspicious. 44 For later on "says Lady Benson, 44 Miss Stead didsome good work at the Old Vic,Cannot you hear Mrs. Siadons laugh- ing behind the arras ? 44 But, goeson Lady Benson ", she eventually re- turned to her original work on herfather's magazine ". I like ghosts inplays and in real life, but in the cou- lisses, pas du tout.It seems that spirits play all sorts ofpranks on the Old Vic.: single outthat theatre for their grim jests. It ap- pears that Henry Irving is favourableto the Old Vic.... in spirit. For itseems that his ghost walks there inthe wings every now and then, andhas given tips and the like to theyoung enthusiasts there. It was announ- ced somewhat solemnly a while ago.It "s a grim joke for these ghosts tobe playing, and on a nice harmlessinstitution like the Old Vic. too.Mrs. Siddons and Henry Irving ofall people !To turn again to the book on HenryJackson and to find hirn speaking ofMr. A. E. W. Mason and of Mr.Masefield, and not a word of Steador of Irving, nor of Swinburne either,is queer. R. L. Stevenson does figurethere. Jackson is not a great admirerof Stendhal, (none of them on thatfloor are), but he says that Dickensmissed his vocation, which was tobe an actor, and I can imagine thismay be correct; but when he saysRousseau, Shelley, and Byron were abad lot, but that it is amusing to readabout them if one recognises they werepoets, one feels that he is exaggeratingif only because he sees the three in onegroup : —and then he supposes that Tre- lawney was a better sort, and he isglad that he has received a bookwhich explains Shelley a little betterto him, in that it 44 insists that Shelleywas never anything be'ter than achild Yes, that is the floor rightenough.... last r00m.... end of the pas- sage. He does not like John Mase- field. He tried a collection of shortpieces by him, but he 44 did not catchon These are the very words. Hesays he is a foolish product of the19th century, alluding to himself, andthat he does not appreciate the great- ness of Rupert Brooke. Back he comesto Byron ; 44 he must have been reallya very hateful person, treacherous, in- sincere, inordinately vain, a poseur—but a very entertaining companionThese very great people, how mi- serably we treat them. Just becauseNursie forgot to cure the little beasts of some objectionable habits, instead of being humbly grateful that Nursiecured us of the very same habits, wecultivate that worse habit,., we stickout our tongues at them, we spit atthem, and we go on doing it until....well, 1 forget how old Henry Jacksonwas, but you can add to taste..,. HenryJackson O. M..,. leave it at that ...Old Maid. I should not put out mytongue now if he had not put his outat Byron. It's a beastly habit anyhow.Lady Benson makes all good insaying such charming things, and some- times deeply feels things about certainfriends of hers.There are not very many peoplewho have written more understandinglyabout Ellen Terry, although what shewrites are only scraps ; still, the scrapsare good.And if she spells Isadora 44 Isidora "twice over, and calls W. B. Yeats44 Edmund " Yeats, and refers to thefuturistic scenery introduced by Mr.Playfair when he never had any suchscenery on any stage of his, these areonly trifling faults after all. THE JUDGE : a Play in four Actsby Maxim Gorky. P- Mcßride&amp; Co. Neil) York. $ 1.50. On the rare occasions when I entera theatre, I make sure that 44 the44 play will offer me a relief from the44 tragic realities with which our daily44 existence is filled ".This extract is from Gorki's prefaceto his play, a play which is one ofthe most tragic things unrelieved byany fancy that I have ever read.Gorki adds that he 44 should wish44 our Theatre to be like the Pool of44 Siloam, from which one emerges re- -44 freshed and restored He does notlike theatre directors and their clever- ness. Yet only a miraculously cleverdirector could produce 44 The Judge "so as to render it at all refresahing.This book, like many another Knopfbook, is decked out with one of ourEuropean borders.What a sad state of mind is thatof certain American publishers whohave lately adopted the borders andother typographical touches used bythe Oxford University Press and theClarendon Press, and for the most partderived from European models.These trifles have become so muchpart and parcel of the Oxford Booksthat they suit those books: but forany American press to confess that itsown type-founders cannot produce oneman sufficiently cunning to contrive ori- ginal borders and other typographicaldecors seems a little ridiculous. Were I an American, I'd deride America fordenying its own men ordinary intelli- gence. I am perfectly certain that fiveor six American men could be foundwho, under a master-printer like Mr.Rogers for example, could invent aseries of borders and decors unmista- keably American and good American.I am altogether in agreement withour cousins who believe that there aremany examples of Art and Craft whichcan be exchanged by one country withanother—but when is America goingto hand us back something genuinelyof its own creation ?I am not a little tired of their pre- tended inability to do this. PUNCH AND JUDY by DionClayton Calthrop. Dulau &amp; Com- pany Lid. 6/- net. I do not think that Mr. Calthrophas improved on a book of thesame title which appeared in 1828written by Collier and illustrated byGeorge Cruickshank.Perhaps the author has been hur- ried a little, for I notice he mentionsseven or eight times the book of acertain Monsieur Maguin, whereas theauthor he refers to is possibly Mon- sieur Magnin. If the slip had occur- red once, it would have been a prin- ter s error ; occuring seven or eighttimes, it makes me wonder whether thebook by Magnin is in Mr. Calthrop'spossession, or whether he has sent some- one to the British Museum to lookthings up. Most of the material seemsto be taken from other books, whichis, perhaps, the very best way, in somepeople's opinion, to awaken an interestin one's self for 44 Punch and Judybut not in ours.The next book Mr. Calthrop writeson this subject should I think containmaterial which he himself has dis- covered and of which everyone else isin ignorance. THE VICTORIA AND ALBERTMUSEUM LIST OF ACCES- SIONS FOR 1924. THIS year the Museum issues itsCatalogue or List of Accessionsfor 1924 containing some 21 ! theatricalentries or more, if you count as oneitem the gift of many hundreds of play- bills, once the possession of Mrs. En- thoven.There are a number of very inte- resting items in this List, amongst themost interesting to us being the draw- ings by Alfred Edward Chalon (1780-1860). This painter seems to have beencuriously drawn to the theatre, andmust have been always popping in todraw the things that he saw on thestage. So that we have sketches ofPotier, Frederick Lemaitre, Mile. Mars,Mile. George, Pauline Viardot-Garciar,and twenty or thirty others. The Le- maitre drawings should be particu- larly interesting—especially the one ofthe great actor as Othello, a part one doesnot usually associate with Lemaitre.There are a number of items underthe name Claude Lovat Fraser, andmany of these are called woodcutswhich are not woodcuts at all, and Iam sorry that they should have gotthrough into this Catalogue as such.They are pen drawings reproduced bya mechanical process, and studentsmust be very careful not to be misledabout this. A woodcut to be a wood- cut, must be cut on wood. I havesometimes seen a linoleum cut called awoodcut and I have even heard ofthese things being passed on to thepublic as woodcuts. It will not do.This is the only slip I can find inan otherwise admirable list. SHORT HISTORY OF BRIS- TOL'S LITTLE THEATRE.Messrs Partridge &amp; Love. Bristol. MESSERS Partridge &amp; Love, iheBristol Publishers, have kindlysent us a copy of their " Short Historyof Bristol's Little Theatre ", a ratherpompous title to a practical booklet of43 pages. The time covered by thisHistory is from 1923 to 1925, /e,two seasons at a small theatre in Bris- tol city, so that History is far toobig a word to use. It is the first wehave heard of this playhouse, but wehope to hear more of it by and bye.Bristol, they say, is full of dullpeople; but so they say of nearly allthe cities in England when you asknews about the inhabitants and thearts. Newcastle, Norwich, Bristol, Bir- mingham, etc, have they sympathy andunderstanding for the theatre and thearts? 'They are fast asleep, dull prejudiced * is the report. When it'spainting poesy, sculpture, what doesit matter, for ...a few are enough tosupport these arts; but when it comesto music and to Theatre you must havethe crowd. And no crowds exist inBristol, Norwich, Newcastle and Bir- mingham etc;—no crowds hustling tosee the new play • ••• So we are told.Shall we go round and enquireand see for ourselves at twelve of theprovincial centres if this be true ? Itis an idea worth considering anyhow. EDITORIAL NOTES. THE PARIS OPERA HOUSE. IN the January number of the " Mu- sical Quarterly ", a publication whichoften contains a valuable historical ar- ticle or two, was the entertaining storyof the opening of Garnier's famousbuilding, the Paris Op era House, writtenby M. J-G Prod'homme.We had supposed that Monsieur Rou- ch£ was still director of this sadplace, but this can hardly be sincehe is not mentioned. No one couldpossibly omit to make a reference tothis enthusiastic proprietor of one of themost famous Perfumeries, Piver, forhe has used his profits on the scent todo some good to Parisian TheatresDrama and Music. He has alwaystried to do his best, and has succeededextraordinarily well where no successis as a rule possible.The Opera House is a mistake, Itis a middle class error of stupendousproportions: the triumphant dullness isnow and again broken in upon by avulgarity which only corroborates oursuspicion that such dullness is sometimesnot even inoffensive.Who can assert that this OperaHouse is the tomb of the theatricalart when they know well that warningsare given to all artists not to comeanywhere near such a trap?Those few composers, singers, design- ers of imagination who have rashlyentered this place have come awayalive; some miracle preserved their lifeand prevented us from suspecting thatthey had in any way conspired towardsany condition of art.But there are, (let us thank the comicmuse for this), other consolations to befound in this tomb; there we may onany evening partake of as superb afeast of snobbery and pretension asever democracy has dished up. Fromthe outer doors to the back of thestage these two seraphim, the appointeddeputies of a Divine dullness too tired to call on the muses now become astedious to the Parisian as they are tothe Londoner.It is suggested that Dullness has bo- come flat—this is but a canard; ne- ver was she so rotund and never morefirmly seated on what she takes to bea ho!y place—but which is somethingdifferent.There she squats, this strange she- ass. To all who enter passing to theirloges and their circles, she gives thecue. One bray, and it is caught upcheerfully hy all those who enteringhad till then even abandoned hope.The most charming, the prettiestand the cleverest raise their voices,and in unison flatly damn the arts andcommon sense.The Paris Opera House may intime become antiquated: at present itis still one of the juvenile attractions.It should not pass until the age itselfgrows up: and when it passes, let noother Opera House be built until Operaand a reverence for it returns toEurope. A WORD OF THANKS. WE take this occasion of expressingour gratitude to those Directorsof Archives, Museums and Libraries,members of Publishing Houses, PrivateCollectors and others who by theircourteous and generous assistance havefacilitated us in various ways in regardto some of the illustrations and otherfeatures of this twelfth volume*In the present number we are in- debted to the courtesy of the VerlagUllstein, Berlin, for permission to re- produce plate 13, to the Curator ofthe National Gallery, London for Plate15, the De Gruyter Co. Berlin forPlate 17, the R. Istituto Geografico ofItaly for Plate 18, and Comm. LeoS. Olschki for ihe old design on page158. FREDERICK HARRISON. THE passing of Frederick Harrison isindeed sad ;—he was not only able*but possessed and cultivated a naturalcourtesy which was ever fresh.I remember he never shoved forward,was always in his place ; not much ofthe show man about him, and nothingof that appalling distorted figure, theimpresario.Whoever he worked under or inpartnership with, it was their wish whichseemed to count most for him.May some young business managersof today and tomorrow understand theimmense value of such an example andfollow it. It would forward our stagemore than anything else. LAST WORDS. STANDARDIZED SPEECH. TN demanding a standardized speech* for the English Mr. St. John Ervinehas taken up an important cause tofight for—and may he win his fight isour sincere wish. Sloppy English speechdoes England great harm. 4&lt; I can un- derstand English when Americans speakit but not when Britishers do " is a phraseoften heard in Ifaly. FESTIVAL'S £4,000 LOSS. Vienna, Saturday (Sept. 4, 1926.44 The balance sheet of the Salzburg44 musical festival shows a loss of more44 that £4,000 because visitors would not44 attend the concerts and the fantastic44 theatrical Reinhardt productions. The44 operas, however, showed a profit ".This report in the 44 Daily Mail " iscuriously Anti-Reinhardt. Yet the samejournal was very pro-Reinhardt when heinvaded London with imitation Englishgoods. SIR ORACLE SEES RED. TI ETURNING from Russia via AmericaMr. Basil Dean the celebrated pro- ducer writes articles in the LondonPress simply bursting with enthusiasmabout Moscow, He has a kind word tosay of Americans by whom we English44 are rapidly being outstripped andhe adds that 44 it seems a mistaken sortof kindness to conceal the fact when onesees the red light—surely then is thetime to shout ".The time for shouting would seemto us long past. Not so to Mr. Dean,who seems to be seeing red lights allthe time and who found his way intoDrury Lane by the aid of that lamp,,.,and out of it within the year.Mr. Dean opes his lips far too oftento be effective in the role of Sir Oracle—and the result is that the dogs are in- cessantly barking at him.He counts in our opinion for verylittle. He has brought little of valueto our stage. He is an earnest man atbest, but what is that pray? There areat least three hundred and sixty fiveearnest men in the English Theatricalprofession,—but it must be admitted fewof them stagger us by getting so rapidlyin and out of Drury Lane Theatre, andnone ever get paid as he was £5OOO forthe double somersault. A GOOD STORY. TUTR, Norman Forbes tells an amusingIVI §tory about Sir Herbert Tree andMr, Claude Lowther, when the two actorswere staying with Lowther at his four- teenth century castle at Hurstmonceauxwith its famous peach garden. This ishow it goes: " While we were enjoying ourselvesin the gardens a large party of trippersarrived on the scene. This was not a visitors' day, but one of the party ap- proached our host and, raising his hat,said, 44 Excuse me, but are you ColonelLowther? " To which Claude, with hislove of joking, immediately replied poin- ting to Tree, 44 No; there is the colonel ".The visitor then addressed Tree inthese words, 44 I am sorry, Colonel Low- ther, to have brought my party here ona non-visitors' day, but since we havecome from afar would you allow us tolook round your beautiful gardens be- fore we return? ".44 Certainly, " said Tree, t4 arid pickas many peaches as you like and takethem away with you ".This was too much far Claude, whoadvanced and said, 44 Ladies and Gen- tlemen, Colonel Lowther deserves hisreputation for being a princely host. Heteaches me a real lesson in generosity.Let me introduce myself. lam HerbertBeerbohm Tree, of Her Majesty's Thea- tre. and I shall be delighted to place asmany boxes and stalls at your disposalas your party may require, now or atany time—you have only to write".This is quite in the London Tradi- tion. Actors since the time of Garrick,if not Burbage, have year in and yearout played just such games when awayin the country, ...Sothern, Irving andToole, Grossmith. And if on gettingback they retell the story elaborating it,telling what they would like to havedone and said in terms of gospel truth,who is there would have it otherwise ?Isn't that the way Homer wrote theOdyssey? a little experience enlarged,half a fact and a lot of fancy.For it is absurd to suppose thatactors are quite as these stories wouldmake them out to be, evetf as the devilis never half as black as he is painted,nor Ulysses quite such a cad, or evenPenelope quite so perfect. QUERIES &amp; A N SW E R S . 'THE population of an English town isoften quoted to show us how little avast number of people are able to do togive themselves a firstclass playhouse.But some way of discovering a town's44 artistic and theatrical public " beforeusing numbers is our argument. Wegive very rough estimates of the popu- lations of nine of our towns.Liverpool (about) 770,000Manchester » 730,000Newcastle » 290,000Sheffield » 480,000Exeter » 63.000Norwich » 130,000Leeds » 460,000York » 90,000Canterbury » 25,000A like rough estimate of some Ita- lian towns yields us these figures.Roma about 599,000Milano » 670,000Napoli » 700,000Bologna » 110,000Genova » 270,000Modena » 40,000The question I want to ask is whe- ther any steps are taken by the authori- ties or citizens of the chief towns toascertain what percentage of people aretheatre-goers and lovers of art. Will somereader in any of these centres reply.I ask because in Milano they havemade such a calculation. They disco- vered in about 1906 when the population was about 498,000 that they could count3000 people as lovers of art and theatre.Of these they calculated that;—1000 would spend £l6O a yean=£i6o 0001000 » » £4B » » £ 48',0001000 » » £36 » » ~£ 36,000So that they discovered that theycould count on about £244*000 a ye.'from their art and theatre going poplatton to support the Teatro alia ScaleIt comes as no surprise then that afew years ago this theatre could affordto spend £75,000 on reconstruction. MANN ERS &amp; THE STAGE. TWTR. Osbert Sitwell has been rude tothe English Stage. I happen to be- long to the English stage and" yet I donot feel offended. Mr. Sitwell said this:The stage is in so deplorable a con- dition that, so far as I can see, the im- portance of broadcasting cannot be toostrongly emphasized. Actors and actres- ses are so busy trying to be ladies andgentlemen and golfers that they have notime left to pay attention to their jobsWell, what's the matter with that.It can't be true, can it?Sir Gerald du Maurier goes in agood deal for golf and is a perfect gen- tleman and not a very bright actor. Buthe does not try to be a gentleman, heis one: he does try to be an actor andis not as successful.But there is Mr. Ainley: does hegolf, does he drop his H's, doesn't heknow how to say 44 Good morning" oreven ••goodbye"? I should suppose hedid—and he is a very good actor.Mr. Fred Terry is not a bad actorin his and is as gentlemanly as anysquire of 1830.What more does Mr. Sitwell want?As a matter of fact your real gen- tleman is not quite as polished as hemight be. That is to be admitted. Iam glad to find that Mr. Osbert Sitwellerrs in the right direction and has beennot a little rude. Such a blessing thesedays with so much unnecessary distinc- tion, refainment and dignity struttingabout London; especially in the Strand.I am always bumping into perfectionthese days and the consequent volley ofoaths reminds me strongly of my greatgrandfather.Once upon a time the Duke of Argyle..., but there is no space for more.This last page is going to cause me trou- ble some day. I am so often cut off at thevery moment when I am thinking of thewords I should use to frame my apology. J. B. By the bye who is Mr. Robert Hale?and Archie de Bear, who he? ...and whatdoes Mr. Sitwell mean by inviting actorsto lunch?—a bit o' grub is all we Rett'swant—lunch is the highest browed staffI ever heard of. A snack if you don'twant to be associated with the Sitwellsis quite enough. But if one goes tolunch— to lunch, mark you, what does that portend?