The Campaign for Vengeance 81 Then he added, "You're to go with me tonight and get an inside line on how the stuff is made, what it looks like, how it differs from real money and so on. We want you to know your business thoroughly." Rita's first impulse was to try to have the raid called off. But after thinking it over, she decided that she must let matters run their course. If Creighton did not take her to Wortz's till after nine, the raid would precede them, in which case they would be in no danger. If they went before nine, she would probably be caught. ... Well, the federal authorities would probably han- dle the raid, but Nevins would be sure to be in it. And Nevins, dear old "stranger," would have the intelligence to permit her to stage an escape. XIII They made the trip in Creighton's car and reached, Wortz's place a bit after eight o'clock. They passed through the print shop, up a narrow flight of stairs and into one of the rooms on the second floor. Two tables were in the room--one in a corner, one in the centre. At the centre table, three men were playing pinochle: at the corner table, four men were playing a game of their own concoction with two sets of dominoes. One man was still fussing around downstairs in the shop. Creighton and Wortz, with Rita be- tween them, sat down on a couch; the initiation of Rita into the gentle art of counterfeiting began. Wortz spoke of presses, plates, dies, inks, stamps, the fibre in paper; he explained how forged signatures were worked into the process. At eight-thirty, the pinochle game broke up. One of the three players went with Wortz to the door, another drew Creighton aside and engaged him in a conversation. Rita strolled over to the table at which the four men were playing dominoes, and watched the game. When the three card players had gone, she rejoined Wortz and Creighton on the couch. She fumbled for her handkerchief in her sleeve; then she remembered she had put it into her mesh bag. She had left the bag on the couch. Now it was gone! Rita sighed resignedly; she had had experiences of this kind before. Mingled with The Mogul's crowd, were a certain number of "gents" who at- tended to minor details--dirty work-- and who were inherently incapable of being honest with anyone. The bag was of no great value, so Rita said nothing about the matter. Wortz continued his explanation of the mysteries of his art. Then, at eight- forty, the man downstairs in the print shop, called up from the hall, "Tele- phone call for Mr. Creighton." When Creighton came back from the print shop, his face had turned a grayish white. "Raid!" he cried. Instantly the four men playing dominoes, jumped to their feet. "No need getting excited," cried Creighton. "They're due here the minute of nine. We're absolutely safe till that time. James at headquarters sent the tip to the High Chief who just had me on the phone. Nevins is in on this thing---damn him! Now shake a leg--get your plates and paraphernalia and money into suit-cases and beat it. Don't all go in the same car--go in two or three cars. Eighty-six Bay Road-- four rings. Jenkins stays here and is printing handbills when the cops ar- rive. Hurry!" The four thugs and Wortz ran downstairs. From the hallway upstairs, Creighton kept shouting orders to them. While the preparations for the escape were being made, Rita tried frantically to think of some way to leave a message B. M.--Apr.--6 