Hankenson's Perfect Crime By Ward Sterling I HAVING decided to kill Chester O'Hearn, Hankenson com- menced making his plans. He had often read of the perfect crime--the fool proof crime to which there is no clew, but which al- ways ends disastrously for the perpe- trator because of some straggling little thread left untied. In his case there would be no slip-up. The average murderer, he believed, killed on im- pulse ; few, if any, went about it as he was doing, weighing every minor detail, covering every track as he proceeded. Carefully--for he felt that he had months ahead of him in which to com- plete his arrangements--he went over every possible .contingency. Every method of killing known to civilized man was carefully jotted down, news- paper clippings relating to crime were card-indexed and filed away for future reference. When he had secured all of the in- formation he desired, he sat down, spread the various data before him and dissected them bit by bit. This work completed, he tabulated the results care- fully--then rejected the whole. The crimes of others served him as an ob- ject lesson in what to avoid. There were two pitfalls to be watched for. One was the fact that O'Hearn was carrying on a liaison with Mrs. Hankenson. In spite of their ef- forts to avoid scandal several people of their acquaintance knew which way the straws were blowing, and one or two had hinted at the facts to the husband. And O'Hearn was a man of great wealth and Hankenson's cousin. Han- kenson, upon his death, would inherit the greater part of his millions. Therefore any suspicion of murder would cause people to look naturally in Hankenson's direction. Therefore there must be no suspicion of murder. To kill O'Hearn and have it appear as a suicide would never do either. People always talked too much about suicide and inquired into the whys and wherefores. Talking might cause some blundering officer to accidentally guess at the truth. After debating the matter thor- oughly in his own mind, he finally de- cided that there was but one solution to the problem. First--O'Hearn must be killed in such a way that it would look like an accident. Second--When the killing took place Hankenson must be close by, but not actually present. Third--Others must be witnesses to the tragedy. There must be enough witnesses to prove conclusively that an accident had been the cause of death, and they must be men and women whose testimony would be accepted without a question of doubt in any court in the land. These things having been decided upon, Hankenson had next to select a method of committing the deed. O'Hearn was an ardent sportsman, hunter and trapshooter. What, then, would be more natural than that he 120 