The Campaign for Vengeance 77 Did Nevins have the intelligence, the quick-wittedness to-- Rita cut short her reflections. All she could do was to chance it and-- hope. "You need a little noise in this joint," she said to Geiger, "we're falling asleep." She put the needle on the record and then took her seat at the open window again. From Geiger's victrola poured the sweet voice of Margaret Romaine, pleading "Do You Hear Me Calling?" Almost instantly Alan Nevins raised his shade! Rita sitting with one arm on the window sill waved her handkerchief across to him once. The light in his room was turned out and Nevins came down to join several members of the Franklin family who were sitting on the front porch. "I think that's an awfully pretty record," said Rita, keeping her head turned toward the window and fight- ing desperately to ward off a feeling of faintness. "Put on sumpin we c'n dance to," said Tony Iglano when the song had run down. "Nice fox-trot?" asked Rita, hurry- ing to the victrola. "Here's something with pep. Come on, Harry." So they paired off, Rita with Creigh- ton and Iglano with Judith; and they danced to the tune of "Blue Diamonds." "Fir try Tony this time," smiled Rita as she cranked up the machine again. "I want to see how he fox- trots." "And I'll rest," said Creighton. "Which leaves Judith for me. Thank you," grinned Geiger. So they danced again. This time to the music of "Look For The Silver Lining." "Now give us a waltz," suggested Geiger. "I got a couple of good--" "I like the sentimental ones best," put in Rita. "Who's my partner this time?" "At your service," volunteered Geiger. "I like my old man best for a waltz," said Judith, pouncing on Creighton. "You can sing this one Tony," laughed Rita. And Tony did--"O--vah da hill-- O--vah da hill." "I like the voice of Nora Bayes better,"--from Rita. "Let's give her a chance." So Nora was permitted to warble "In a Little Front Parlor." "We'll have to be going in a few minutes," said Creighton, "if we want to reach--" "One more fox-trot," pleaded Rita. "Tony does them so beautifully." Tony bowed his appreciation and whirled Rita around to the melody of "The Dangerous Blues." That completed the musical pro- gram. Judith and Rita powdered their noses and put on their hats; then Creighton led them to his car. As they startled off, stranger Nevins, still on the front porch of the Franklin house, once again raised his hat, once again caught and stopped himself and scratched his head. Rita, from the back seat of the car, waved her hand- kerchief to him once, quickly. . . . On the trip up to Bronxville, Judith talked to her but Rita did not appear interested in the conversation. Rita's brain was in a turmoil of mingled hope, anxiety and dread. Had Nevins caught on? Had he solved her music-cipher? Would Geiger fight if he were raided and would Nevins be hurt? The fact that Nevins had clearly responded to her first signal "Do You Hear Me Calling?" encouraged her to hope that he had understood not only that she was saying it with music but also in titles. Geiger's stolen jewels were hidden in that part of the silvered moulding in the 