The Campaign for Vengeance 79 XI That evening, Rita, knowing that Detective Nevins was generally at home between the hours of six and seven, telephoned him from a public booth and asked for an interview. "I've been followed all day and some fat boob is watching my house now. Where are you?" "Times Square." "Tell you what. You can make my place in fifteen minutes. Come right away. I'll go out now and trot my fat friend around town for half an hour or so. That'll give you a chance to slip in while the house is uncovered." Rita was admitted by Sergeant Nevins' mother, who ushered the girl into the kitchen. "The front parlor is taboo now that they're watching our home," explained the old lady. Nevins returned after some twenty minutes. "I brought him back home with me," he said. "He's leaning against a pole across the street. I've a notion to punch his jaw." "Are you aware," asked Rita, "that someone on the force is having you shadowed ?" "Some one on the force?" Nevins shook his head, incredulous. "My gang," said Rita, affecting pride, "has a man at headquarters who gives us advance dope when we're goner be bit. Sabe? Ask me not further info. That's all I'm wise to." "James--James--first or last name?" "Search me." "Hm. There are hundreds of Jameses on the cops. Well--," he tossed off his troubles. With out- stretched arms, he pleaded, "Come to me, my musical friend/and let's for- get--" "I came here on business," frowned Rita. Nevins affected humility. "I stand corrected. What business?" "I know the name and address of a nice little counterfeiter who makes beautiful money, really. Does that in- terest you?" "Somewhat." Nevins drew out a note book. "Name, description, street and number, please." "Henry Wortz," replied Rita, and added a number on Christopher Street. "Printing shop on first floor. On second and top floor, four rooms which should be searched in the event the shop yields no flukey stuff." "Thanks." "You're welcome. And now, may I ask how you managed that raid last night ?" "My hardest job was to convince the captain of the Kew Gardens police station that I wasn't loco. The rest was easy. Geiger admitted us when we rang and we went directly upstairs to--" "Then you had no trouble deciphering my message?" "Well--not to be unduly boastful--- matters like that are in my line. But even so--I'd never heard that song, 'In a Little Front Parlor,' before, and the words of the record were not clear. But Mr. Franklin cleared up that for me. So of course, that's where we went directly--into Geiger's parlor. We could hardly avoid seeing the hill on the picture and when we looked over the hill we saw the silver lining. Simple." Then, after a pause, "But for heaven's sake Mar--er--Miss Daly-- you're certainly going about this thing in a haphazard way. May I suggest that a trained investigator does not depend upon chance and his wits alone, but always uses some set of signals-- signals which are sure to be recognized by another investigator? We may meet again--and there may be no phono- graph around." 