122 Hankenson's Perfect Crime hastened to O'Hearn's rooms. A mat- ter of business would, he stated, keep him in town for an hour or two after the party had started. As soon as he could conveniently get away, he would motor out to the club grounds and join the others. O'Hearn was examining his hunting gear and filling the pockets of his coat with cartridges as Hankenson knew he would be. Waiting until the other had left the room for a second, he removed three of the shells from the right-hand pocket, dropping into their place the three filled with the deadly nitro- glycerin. He knew O'Hearn's habits. At the club grounds the sportsmen would di- vide into small parties, each picking out his individual "blind." Most of them would go in parties of twos. With Hankenson absent, O'Hearn would oc- cupy a blind alone until his partner's arrival. With the ducks flying thick, one of the three "fixed" cartridges would surely be fired inside of the first half hour. By the time he arrived, the others would be on their way back, car- rying with them the mangled remains of Chester O'Hearn. II Someone has remarked that it is the little things that effect human destinies. In this case it was a small leak in a rubber boot that saved Chester O'Hearn's life and prevented Carl Hankenson from committing the per- fect crime. O'Hearn had been suffering from a slight cold. Arriving at the clubhouse, he * no sooner set foot on the ground than he accidentally stepped into a tiny pool of water. An instant later he discov- ered the leak in his boot. There were no other boots available, and to enter the blind with those he wore meant to invite an illness. Never of a robust constitution, he feared to take a chance. As a result he sat on a log along the bank of the river, his dog by his side, watching the others fill their bags. The morning turned out warmer than usual. Finding his heavy canvas hunt- ing coat, its pockets loaded down with shells, too heavy over his thick sweater, O'Hearn divested himself of it and laid it on the grass close by. Stretching out, he filled his pipe and took matters as philosophically as could be expected of an enthusiastic sportsman forced to keep out of the game at the opening of the hunting season with the ducks thicker than ever before in history. Meanwhile Hankenson, driving slow- ly, reached the grounds. Looking around carefully, he was astonished to find no evidence of the tragedy. Where there should have been a white-faced little group of men standing around a blanket-covered form, all of the mem- bers of the party, as far as he could see, were busily engaged in banging away at the feathered game. He hesitated an instant. It would never do to go back now that he had come this far. Someone might have seen him. The "accident" was certain to happen shortly. To turn back now would be equivalent to admitting a guilty knowledge. Nor would he dare enter the blind with O'Hearn. For when one of the "doctored" shells ex- ploded, anyone within a radius of a dozen feet would be in danger. Moving slowly, trying to think of some excuse to keep out of the other's company, he rounded a curve in the pathway. He was almost upon O'Hearn before he noticed the other sprawled upon the river bank, half asleep. III Dogs are affectionate animals. The one owned by O'Hearn was no excep- tion to the rule. Forced to remain with 