32 Appearances Are Deceiving interrupter. By the time the garage monologist had come to the end of his seventh saga of the town of Velma it was time for dinner. As he smoked a cigarette after the evening meal, the crook recalled his promise to Mazie. He had promised her "something for her hair," yet he had not made a single purchase so far. A kerosene motor chugged in the cellar of the Riddick home, manufacturing electricity for the illumination of the house. Resplendently attired in a jade canton crepe evening gown, with bouf- fant draperies over the hips, Mrs. Rid- dick wore, also, her complete collection of diamonds. "Since you insist upon our going," she said, when she returned to the room after a short absence, "I think we had better start." Garbett rose instantly and took her opera cloak from her hands. She wore a bar pin of astonishing brilliancy in her hair at the side. The pin was crescent-shaped, large, with the usual simple clasp. Peter Riddick clambered into his overcoat and put his hand on the elec- tric light button preparatory to pressing it. Mrs. Riddick held her cloak closely about her. Garbett stood near her, waiting until the lights should be ex- tinguished. When they went out he would take the pin. "We are sorry that you are going," said the bank president, as darkness dashed into the room. "An honest man, such as you, Mr. Garbett, is a rarity. But I know--" At the words "honest man," Garbett had unclasped the crescent bar pin, and by the time the sentence was finished he had slipped it into his pocket. Mazie was going to have a souvenir for her hair! Turning, the crook followed Mrs. Riddick from the room, leaving Peter Riddick to follow from the farther corner. The hour was 8:30, so he had plenty of time. The walk through the crisp, fragrant air to the station was a pleasure. Not a cloud threatened from the sky; there was no moon; only the faint radiance of stars softened the darkness. Once in the railroad station, Garbett opened his suitcase and took out the bottle of Danny's solvent. He had, in the breast pocket of his coat, an eye-dropper, and he made sure that this was in working order. The station clock read 8:3 7. Garbett waited five minutes more, and then re- traced his steps as far as Riddick's home. Then the crook turned down an alley, passed in the rear of the garage and the drug store, and kept on to the back entrance of the bank. His mind was at ease; he even had an explanation prepared in case he was stopped. Next door to the bank was the hall where the "Cabaret and Dance" was in progress. If questioned, Gar- bett was prepared to say that he had changed his mind and thought he would look in on the festivities until train- time, but had lost his way in the dark- ness owing to his unfamiliarity with the town. The explanation might not be convincing, but if said with an air of surprise and apology it would prob- ably be believed. He reached the rear door of the bank without trouble and extracted a short bar of aluminum from a pocket. With this he pushed down the cork in the bottle of solvent until the liquid rose above it. Then he pressed the rubber bulb of the eye-dropper and half-filled the glass tube. He carefully squirted the solvent into the keyhole of the door, directing the stream toward the bolt. A moment later he pulled upon the door and it opened. The solvent had acted instantly upon the metal lock of the door. Garbett waited, straining every muscle in an effort to hear a 