102 A Track-and-a-Half wife, angry, sarcastic and triumphant in one mingled mood. Refusing them even time to go inside and report, she dragged the three be- wildered detectives six blocks up the street and halted them in front of the cobbler's shop at which Kelso had located Jim Anthony's wandering shoes. "I know you've been in there and got Jim's shoes," she announced dramati- cally. "That's good and proper. But are you going to tell the truth about what the old shoe man says?" "Yes, lady," responded Kelso, meekly. "Well, then, come with me and see that you remember the rest of this straight, you bum Sherlocks." And the indignant wife of one of the best bur- glars in the world led the unresisting forces of Law and Order around the corner and through a tiny door in a huge billboard which shut off a vacant lot. Inside were half a dozen rusting wagons and a couple of disintegrating Fords, ranged around the outskirts of the lot. The main part of it was open to the sun and the mud created by the Spring rain of the night before was plainly undisturbed, save for the prints of three pairs of shoes. One set had been made by a woman and into the first of these prints Nell Anthony set her foot, which fitted per- fectly. "You see that?" she questioned. "I made that this afternoon looking for what I'm going to show you. These are my tracks. Look at the others." With a gasp the de[c]tectives read the signs in the baked mud--four sets of tracks of a man's feet--one plain set going toward the rear of the cobbler's shop--one with the patch returning-- another, with the patch, going toward the shop and, in places, superimposed on the first--and then a set of plain tracks returning to the little door to the street. Never waiting for a comment, Nell Anthony's gesture led them across the lot to the rear of the cobbler's shanty facing on the other street. Before the window in the rear she paused and pointed at the casing. She did not need to explain it to these trained eyes. Along the middle of the sash, just under the catch, the paint had been scraped away by the blade of a knife, inserted to open the window. A plain, neat and simple job of housebreaking was revealed as clearly as if all had seen it. "Now, then," Nell Anthony de- manded, triumphantly, "who did that? Who stole my Jim's shoes and put them back again after pulling off a job? Who tried to slough my man and him not out of his bed in a week, as all the neighbors will swear to? Answer me that, you dicks." There was a silence in the vacant lot --silence as disconsolate as the dis- mantled Fords. Finally Harrison ven- tured to- break it. "Mrs. Anthony," he said, "admitting that Jim wasn't in on this deal, have you any idea who did pull it?" "Huh," she answered. "Have I now? I'm Jim Anthony's wife and he'd rather see me his widow, much as he loves me and I love him, before he'd see me squeal to a copper. Go ask June Jennings." The last sentence was spoken with so much bitterness that the three men started. "We--we have asked her, ma'am," said Kelso, finally. With a laugh, Nell Anthony had started for the gate, but she flung a reply back over her shoulder. "Well, ask her again," she said. "She was boasting all over the neighborhood this morning that she was going to wear real jewelry. Go ask her, the hussy. I shouldn't say this much, but she tried to cop my Jim, because anybody can see 