24 The Finger of Guilt young Lange. He spent it trying to borrow the money with which to pay off the I O U's he had written during his last disastrous poker game. But Lange met with no success; his friends were unanimously of the opinion that it was a bad investment to lend him money. Lange was haunted by the fear that some of his creditors might become obstreperous and threaten to sue. And he was now on his good behavior; any notoriety would serve to break the truce existing between him and his father. His only asset was his car, which might bring two thousand dollars. He was in debt for over five thousand. If Farris had only succeeded in getting that emerald drop-- At nine o'clock, Mrs. Cartwright called up Lange on the phone. "Mrs. Ellingwood had me on the long distance wire a short while ago," said Mrs. Cartwright. "She had intended going to the opera this evening, and she wanted to wear her festoon. She found that her strong box had been forced open and that the emerald drop had been clipped from the festoon. It's upset her terribly. The last time she used the strong box was on Thursday, so she can't be sure that one of her week-end guests is the thief. She's going to put a private detective on the case and in- struct him not to bother any of her friends until every other possibility has been run down. . . Farris had tricked him ! Lange went into a paroxysm of fury. He paced his room repeating, "The skunk double- crossed me!" The deception was apparant; Farris had denied the theft so as to avoid the necessity of sharing the proceeds. And the enraged Lange decided not to let Farris get away with it. Immediate action was necessary. He would confront Farris and demand his share of the profits. If Farris tried to bluff . . . Lange took a revolver out of his bureau. It would be dangerous to match wits with a man of Farris' cun- ning. But Lange, urged on by his lack of funds and by his anger against Farris, did not reflect long upon the risk. He was in the mood to play a desperate game and to kill, if necessary. So the reckless Lange went forth on the quest which could end in but one way--disastrously . . . Farris admitted Lange into his apart- ment, led him into the sitting-room and then offered him a glass of wine. Lange impatiently waived his claim to hos- pitality and told Farris about Mrs. Cart- wright's phone call. "What rotten luck!" exclaimed Farris. "Someone else beat us--" "You stole that pendant!" cut in Lange. "I'm here to demand a split!" "Are you suggesting that I may have-- ?" "You double-crossed me!" Farris became nettled at the other's insolence. "I could throw you out of here, you know!" "You could try! But it'll be a man- sized job to get me out of here before I'm convinced you haven't that stone." "If it'll ease you any, you might search the place. Don't mind me. I'll have a few drinks while you're enjoy- ing yourself." That, in Lange's opinion, showed Farris' hand. Farris had already dis- posed of the stone. There was nothing Lange could do ... he could not even threaten blackmail. He was beaten. He had made it possible for Farris to attempt the job--and now Farris had cheated him out of his share. Lange went momentarily mad with rage. Every semblance of self-control went from him. He lashed out furiously and caught Farris a stinging blow on the side of the head. "You're going to takea beating!" cried Lange. But Farris met his rush with a straight-arm jolt to the wind which sat 