98 A Track-and-a-Half "interviewed the members of the house- hold but since Harbin had reported to assist him they could see nothing to do but start again from the inside. The robbery, it was again explained to them, had occurred about one o'clock in the morning. The Garrison home was supposed to be untenanted except by the butler and two women servants who slept on the top floor, the family having been called away by the death of a relative. Their departure had been announced in the newspapers the day before. It seemed, however, that the daughter, about twenty years of age, had decided at the last moment to re- main behind and was also in the house at the time of the robbery. Schmidt, the butler, and the other servants had been with the family for years and were, by all standards, be- yond suspicion. He had not heard the robbers enter but had been aroused by the noise when the strong box in Mrs. Garrison's room---just below his--had been forced open and had dashed down, half-clad, to investigate. In the hallway he had encountered a masked man in cap and overcoat and grappled with him. In the struggle the burglar had slipped out of the overcoat and leaped down the front stairs, firing two shots that missed but halted the servant. Schmidt had paused for slip- pers and then given chase by way of the front door. By the time he reached the street there was the noise of a starting motor car around the corner, hidden by the tall hedge, and he saw nothing but a blur of tail-lights. At daybreak the police had found a revolver in the gutter three blocks down the street and an hour or so later an abandoned automobile was reported a mile away. In this was a plaid cap that the butler identified as the one worn by the burglar with whom he had struggled. In addition to these tangible clues, the detectives had valuable evidence also in the shape of the overcoat the burglar had left in the butler's hands. It was particularly valuable, since it bore the maker's name. But there was something strange about all this silent evidence that had been left behind-- the coat particularly. It was an unheard-of thing for a burglar to wear to work such a fashion- able and distinctive garment, so easily traced The cap that had been found was a gaudy affair that would attract attention even in a big city. The pistol still bore its factory number. It had been scratched in an effort at efface- ment, but apparently the job had been given up as not worth -while. As for the shoes with the cobbled soles, it seemed indeed remarkable that a crook would trust himself in a pair leaving so unmistakable an imprint wherever he walked. With such material to work with, the detectives assigned to the job considered that they had accomplished only an average half-day's work when they an- nounced at noon that they had solved the mystery of the Garrison robbery. The coat had been speedily identified. The name the purchaser had given the tailor was not known to the police but his description was and the maker had instantly recognized his Rogue's Gallery picture. The third of the police stool- pigeons consulted gave the name of the owner of the plaid cap--a known crony of the owner of the coat, and a man who had often driven the abandoned automobile. The tracing of the revolver and the shoes would take a little time, but if they did not belong to the same, two men, the police felt certain at least that they could name two of their friends to whom they did. The greatest mystery was why such men as these should leave such a trail. The two men positively identified were two of the best known burglars in the 