A Track-and-a-Half By Walter Deffenbaugh I BENEATH the library window of the millionaire, Garret Garrison, the footprints of a burglar showed plainly in the flowerbed that ran alongside the house. The bright sun following a rainy night had retained them perfectly and the two detectives breathed together in a sigh of satisfac- tion as they saw there a vitally distin- guishing mark. The toe of each sole had been newly repaired with a patch. Here undoubt- edly orie of the thieves who had com- mitted the $15,000 jewel robbery the night before had left a trace that would simplify their work and send him to prison. In these tracks he had undoubtedly stood while he operated the jimmy whose marks showed on the casing above. A little outside, but still within the flowerbed, were the marks of his heels where he had landed as he leaped back into the yard after his fight with the butler. Here the heels were deeply indented, but the prints of the same repaired toes were again in evi- dence. In the damp soil the marks of the burglar's feet were plain, show- ing where he had entered the grounds through the hedge and crashed out again. Detective Sergeant Harrison was showing his associate, Harbin, over the ground for the first time. Harbin had been working on another angle of the case. "Now look up here, Harbin," he said and led the way to the soil under the adjoining window of the Garrison drawing-room. "Here's where the other guy jumped out." Sure enough, there were the prints of another pair of heels and the marks of a running man's footprints across the lawn to the same break in the hedge. But on these prints there was no such distinguishing mark as upon the others. The shoes that made these might have belonged to any one of a million men in the big city. For perhaps twenty minutes the two detectives paced in silence up and down the lawn alongside the house. Twice, with the aid of stepladders, they in- spected every window within reach from the ground. Outside the house, they were satisfied, there was not an- other trace of the thieves who had broken in and stolen a pearl necklace worth $10,000 and other trinkets worth $5,000 more. They must be content to rest their case upon these marks in the dirt and the story of the butler who had surprised one of the marauders in the hallway of the mansion. At the end of this time Harbin, the senior of the two Headquarters men, stopped in his tracks and scratched his head vigorously. "Tom," he ventured at last, "do you see anything wrong with these feet tracks ?" "Hell, yes," replied Harrison. "Have you just tumbled? They show plain enough where scuffle-toes came in and went out and they show where the other fellow came out, but they don't show this other gink coming in at all. That's been botherin' me for an hour." Harrison, who had been on the case since it was first reported, had already B. M.--Apr.--7 97 