A Track-and-a-Half 99 country but had never before been known to work in New York City. It was their home--their playground. Al- most any night they could be found in Eichom's restaurant with their friends. In fact, Harbin had seen them there the night before. It was incomprehensible, yet there was the evidence. And so, at noon, the police alarm went out to bring in Dave Bamfield, Red Doran, Billy Evans and Jim Anthony. II Harbin, more methodical than the other detectives--perhaps a trifle more intelligent--went over the evidence like a schoolmaster as four police officers sat down to lunch in Eichorn's, where he had seen two of the wanted men the night before, apparently just before the robbery. Bamfield and Doran had been seated at the marble-topped table in the corner with June Jennings, Evans's girl. As the detective noted that Billy Evans was missing, he recalled the gossip he had heard that the coming of the pretty blonde girl into the society of the gang was threatening to disrupt it. His attention had been attracted to the gang by meeting, just outside, Frog Fagin, looking as though he had failed in his nightly effort to sponge a meal from the prosperous crooks and slink- ing away to quarters more within his measly means. Just beyond he had seen Evans hurrying toward the restaurant with determined stride and protruding jaw. He had been half tempted to wait to see a grand row over June Jennings but his bed had called loudly and he had gone home. Now it seemed that while he slept these acquaintances of his had been, not fighting, but hard at work. The picture identified as that of the purchaser of the overcoat was that of Bamfield. The cap had been definitely placed as one used by Doran for motoring--indeed, had his initials scratched on the inside of the sweatband in small letters. Thus two of the men were fixed to a cer- tainty. It was considered almost certain that a third man had acted as lookout and also that a fourth had remained at the wheel of the automobile. What two men would Doran and Bamfield most likely have with them on such an enter- prise? They associated habitually with Anthony and Evans. The deduction seemed clear as gin and the finding was so entered and confirmed by the Old Man himself. The capture of the four was ridicu- lously easy. Jim Anthony was found in what his wife violently insisted was a sick-bed and she was not a whit pla- cated at the grinning assurance of the officers that the prison physician would give her husband the best of care, with- out cost. Doran was nabbed as he came to Eichorn's for a belated breakfast. Bamfield was arrested at the hotel where he always stopped when in town, and Evans was found drunk, with a bottle beside him, in the furnished room he had lately occupied with June Jennings. The girl was nowhere to be found. Probably that was the reason for the bottle. To say that the men denied their guilt is putting it far too mildly. They were profanely vociferous about it-- almost in tears at the injustice of the accusation. A strange feature of their behavior, though, was that as they sat in the same room for a time at Headquar- ters, three of them each shot searching looks, as though of puzzled inquiry, at Jim Anthony. That cracksman, however, seemed to have troubles of his own. He was either a most excellent actor or really had a severe cold in the chest. It wasn't necessary to take their finger prints. These were already on record. To attempt a third degree with such veterans would have been a waste 