The Finger of Guilt 21 --under the circumstances, you--you must have--" - "Now see here, Mr. Scofield, I came to buy a lavalliere, not to be insulted. If you can produce the lavalliere, we'll complete the deal. Otherwise I must bid you good-day!" At this, Scofield became a trifle panicky. "No, no! You can't leave till the lavalliere has been found. And there's no use trying--the door is locked." Farris shrugged his shoulders, lighted a cigar, and sat down. "This is a new one on me. I didn't know jewelers made prisoners of their clients." Scofield paced nervously back and forth behind the counter. He knew it would be useless to plead further with the obdurate Farris. Finally Scofield pushed a hidden button under his desk. A red light flashed over the police signal box in the street. After a few minutes, Gorman, a uniformed policeman, and Joe Deagon, one of the private detec- tives hired by a jeweler's association to patrol Maiden Lane, were admitted to Scofield's office. Scofield explained the situation. Deagon decided that under the circum- stances the lavalliere must be on the person of either Scofield or Farris. Thereupon Scofield turned all of his pockets inside out. The detective then insisted that Farris submit to a search. Farris emphatically refused to suffer this indignity. This put the next move up to the jeweler. He was faced with the alternative of permitting Farris to walk out of the shop, or having him arrested. And Scofield was in no mood to let seventy-three hundred dollars slip through his hands without making some decided gesture of self-defense. "I don't want to order your arrest, Mr. Farris," began Scofield, apolo- getically, "but if you--" "Logically, that is the only solution," agreed Farris at once. "I'm as anxious to have this thing settled as you are. But I make this one condition: you will have to take me to the police station in a taxi, or if you wish, you may send for the wagon. And as we go from this office, I insist that I be surrounded on all sides. I want to make it impossible for Mr. Scofield even to hint that I might, at any time, have passed the lavalliere to someone else." The condition was complied with. Farris was taken to the station in a taxi. Mr. Scofield, Detective Deagon and Officer Gorman accompanied him. After Farris had given his name to Captain Loury, the latter consulted a small memorandum book. Thereupon the captain called up Headquarters on the phone. As the captain put up the receiver again, he said to Farris. "We have orders that in the event a Mr. Judson Farris is arrested, Head- quarters be notified at once. I believe Detective James McKeane, a special- squad man, is personally interested in you." "Nice fellow, James," smiled Farris. "I shall be glad to meet him again." Detective McKeane reached the sta- tion after some twenty minutes. Once again Scofield rehearsed the circum- stances under which the lavalliere dis- appeared. An immediate search was decided upon; Farris himself invited Scofield to be present. When a detective from headquarters executes a search, he makes a thorough job of it. Farris was taken into a private room and ordered to strip. He was wearing a minimum of clothing: a Palm-beach suit consisting of coat and trousers, a straw hat, a silk shirt, shoes, stockings and underwear. Every square inch of this clothing was examined with the greatest care. A microscope was used; button by but- ton, seam by seam the search proceeded --nothing was overlooked. A long, thin double-edged dagger was used to pry 