The Extra Dozen Eggs 53 Obedient to his host's request, Gray- son had brought forth a decanter which to Cumberland's chagrin was seen to contain only about two glasses of wine. While Cumberland was offering to go into the cellar and procure more wine and being dissuaded by the others, it was noticed that Grayson had filled two glasses from the decanter he held in his hand and that he had placed the first before Cumberland and the second before Marsh. Then the two men drank each other's health and the party separated for the night. At about half-past one the following morning Marsh awoke in his bed in frightful agony. Before his daughter could get a doctor he was dead. II I did not see my friend Mountfort for a week after the day he left me, swearing to clear Grayson from the charge of murder or give up practising his profession. When at length he did come to me he was in such low spirits that I felt sorry for him. He frankly admitted that repeated interviews with his client and with everyone who had been at Cumberland's on the night of the tragedy, had brought him nothing of value for the task he had set him- self. "But hang it all, Tom," he said de- spondently, "I know--I feel in every bone in my body--that that boy is as innocent as you are. If only I could strike upon a sign to set me off in the right direction." "Oh, why not admit you're beaten," I argued. "Persuade Grayson to let you put in a defence of temporary insanity and take his chances with the jury." "I'd as soon let him plead a straight and unqualified guilty. You know how the newer element in the town feels toward the old families. And it's this element that composes most of our juries. Why, the boy wouldn't have a chance." "Then forget the whole rotten busi- ness for a while. Come with me and hear Tot Walters play on her violin. Such music ought to be an antidote for anybody's troubles." Mountfort did not reply to my sug- gestion. When I had finished tying my cravat I turned around and looked at him. He was standing bolt upright in the centre of the room staring at me intently, yet somehow or other seem- ingly looking beyond me. I spoke his name. "The sign ! The sign!" he exclaimed in a voice hoarse with emotion. "Gad, Tom, I think you've shown it to me. If only you have!" And with no other word he dashed from the room, leaving me to go on to the Walters Concert at the Opera House alone. That evening Miss Walters, who was Just back from two years in Dresden, where she had studied under the best teachers, played divinely. Lulled by the exquisite notes of her instrument I was able to thrust aside all my problems and vexations and soar into a world of pur- est melody. The music gripped me to such an extent that even after it was over and I was walking homeward through the soft Spring moonlight, I was a being apart from other mortals. Therefore the shock was considerable when from out of the shadows sur- rounding my porch a figure darted and caught me by the arm. I had raised my fist to strike when Mountfort's familiar voice came to me out of the darkness. "Tom I" he cried, "I'm on the trail. The scent is strong. Cornell want you to be in at the kill." "What on earth are you talking about?" I cried, thinking for a second that my friend had gone mad. "The Grayson case, you idiot," he answered impatiently. "By the grace 