The Campaign for Vengeance 83 Tim Tripp saw them spread before him: The dominoes forming an arrow- head were turned face down. After Tim Tripp had stood before the table a few moments, he called, "Hey, Al, come in here and look at this." Nevins, with several other detectives, gathered around the table. "Do these dominoes mean anything to any of you fellows?" asked Tripp. After a silence of a few minutes, Capt. Wayne volunteered, "Well -- the arrangement certainly appears-- deliberate--and not accidental. Take that arrow now--if it is not intended to draw attention to the other dominoes, then why is it there ?" "If a signal--a message was in- tended," said Tripp, "it is obvious that some code was used." "Code," muttered Nevins. "Code-- code--what kind of a code--?" "Well, in the Morse system," reflected Capt. Wayne, "dots and dashes are--" "Morse Code!" exploded Nevins, brushing aside several men and edging closer to the table. He was trembling with excitement. "Of course it's the Morse Code! The dots on the dominoes are dots, and the blanks are dashes. It's clear--" "Keep inside your shirt," protested Captain Wayne. "Let's try to figure this out calmly. "Then, after a pause, "From the arrangement, it would seem that the domino at the bottom--the one with the two blanks, is a signature. In Morse, two dashes stand for the letter M. Does M signify any--?" "Marguerite!" cried Nevins. "Marge is with us, boys! She--" "All right " interrupted Wayne. "Now assuming that each domino denotes one letter, that would make the first letter in the word at the top--h'm--let me see--dot stop two dots--" "That's an R," said Nevins. "The next letter is dot dash--that's an A," went on Wayne. "The third letter is dot stop dot--that's an O. The last letter is dash two dots, which de- notes D. That makes the word ROAD --which doesn't mean anything at all!" Again a pause, this time a long one. Then Nevins. "The third letter, the O, spoils the sense. Now assuming that Marge wanted to use two dots in- stead of dot stop dot--there is no way of denoting two dots with one domino. You must either have dot stop dot or two dots dash. If that third letter was really intended for two dots--that would make it an I. And the word would be RAID!" "Al," said Captain Wayne, "you'll he of great help to your mother when you grow up. . . . We'll go on with the deciphering. Dash four dots stands for 