The Campaign for Vengeance 75 "They are worth at least sixty," pro- tested Judith Creighton. "The shape of the diamond in the lavaliere is too unique--it'll be recog- nized at once, unless it's recut," ex- plained Geiger. "And recutting is an expensive operation and reduces the value of the stone to us." "When is Ashley coming?" asked Creighton. "Ten-thirty." "Sorry we can't stay," from Creigh- ton. "But we'll have to leave at ten to make Bronxville at eleven. Miss Jahn is a meticulous ass and insists that her guests be on time. I might worm more out of Ashley." "Some day when I'm rich," said Rita, "I'm going to become one of Geiger's customers." Tony Iglano, top-sergeant of The Mogul's yeggs, spoke up. "Do you like that pear-shape stone, Rita? I had to croak a guy to get it. It has blood on it." "A little thing like that doesn't trou- ble our pretty friend," put in Geiger, his lips twitching into a cruel, sarcastic smile. "Remember Bradshaw!" The taunt stung. Rita flushed; she popped out of her seat and flared an- grily: "You quit that, Geiger! I've had enough of your--" "Dry up," broke in Judith. "The neighbors'll think we're having a fight." Geiger lit a ciagrette. "Ekcuse me, my sensitive young lady. I had no idea you were finicky on that subject." So the matter was dropped. At, least, so they thought. But the fury of the embittered Rita did not abate. To be twitted on a murder was not her idea of good humor. And while Geiger's insult blistered and burned in her heart, her mind strived eagerly to concoct a swift vengeance. Thinking along these lines, she remembered Nevins, and look- ing up, she saw that his shadow was still on the shade of the house across the way. A few moments ago she was angry with Nevins for having followed her; now, strangely, nothing would have pleased her more than to have Nevins in the same room with her, and see»him hand Geiger what was known in the parlance of her set as a swift slap in the snoot. Still sitting at the open window, she fell into a moody, thoughtful silence. She often affected this pose; the others disregarded her and continued their con- versation. Meanwhile, Rita's troubled mind--and conscience--urged and spurred her rto immediate vindictive action. When she came to the Geiger house that evening, he showed her the jewels which had been stolen by Tony Iglano and one of his gang. Geigar had never come under the suspicion of the police, but he played safe nevertheless. He never kept stolen articles in his safe or in any other place which was likely to be searched. During such time as he had them in his possession, he kept the pilfered treasures in the hollow of the moulding which ran across the wall between the two windows in his parlor. That's where the stolen jewels were now, in the hollow brass-lined moulding that ran across the wall one foot from the ceiling, from the window near which she sat to the other end of the room. There was a lavaliere, a pearl neck- lace and several rings. The lavaliere had a pear-shaped blue-white stone, the rings were engraved with initials and dates. The necklace clasp bore a scratch number. That made all of the jewels easily identifiable. She knew that cir- culars describing the pieces had been sent to all the police and to private de- tective agencies. Tony Iglano had been surprised dur- ing the burglary and he had shot and killed. If the jewels were found by the police, Geiger and Iglano could be held on a murder charge. 