The Trap 45 of the compartment in rear of the one he had left he held with one hand to the iron support while, with the other, he nursed his gun just inside the breast of his pongee coat. Very carefully he raised his head and looked inside. There was but one occupant to be seen. Upon the opposite seat lay a. young woman. Her back was turned and she appeared to be sobbing her heart out into a cushion. Her body shook almost as if in convulsions. Smith spoke, but the distracted wo- man paid no attention or failed to hear the rather low voice above the rattle of the train. His eyes searching every corner of the compartment and keenly inspecting the figure of the crying wo- man, Smith moved on from window to window until he reached the door, which he opened, and stepped inside. For a minute or two he stood motion- less while he examined the contents of the compartment, noting white-covered umbrella, gloves, green veiling and some toilet articles upon the small table. Everything appeared to be genuine-- and yet Smith was not satisfied. Turning to the door of the servants' compartment he jerked it quickly open and glanced inside. Lying upon the floor, with her head resting upon her bundle, was the old ayah whom Smith had seen upon the station platform. Her closed eyes and heavy breathing gave every indication of sleep, which is so commonly indulged in, whenever possible, by the native during the heat of the day. Smith closed the door very quietly. Since entering the compartment Smith's eyes had not left the figure of the sob- bing woman for more than a couple of seconds. He felt that something was wrong and, intuitively, he sensed the presence of danger but he cpuld not tell where it lay. Not quite decided as to his course of action, Smith opened the door oppo- site to that which he had entered and threw one swift look back toward the compartment he had left. Even then, although he had seen that which caused him deep concern, his eyes flashed back to the figure of the girl, whose sobbing had nearly ceased. He had just seen a strange native crawling from the window of his own compartment. The incident needed quick investigation but first he must question the girl. Smith took one step toward the now silent girl and his lanky, loose-framed body tensed as he crouched into the springing attitude of one of the jungle beasts of prey. Such a little thing he had seen--just an exposed finger upon which was a peculiar turquoise ring. The sudden crouch undoubtedly saved his life. There was the sharp crack of a small caliber pistol as the girl raised her head and fired over her reclining body. III Smith did not return the fire al- though his pistol was drawn. Instead he hurled his body forward as the beast of prey that he resembled might have done. One long arm shot out and the pistol was seized with lean fingers and wrenched away before the girl could press the trigger a second time. The girl, nonplussed by the suddenness of her defeat, sat up, her face exposed. A broad grin spread over Smith's face. All his indolence of manner returned. Carelessly he stretched out a hand and lifted the mass of curls from her head. Before him sat the dapper little man who had pretended to jump from the train. "Got any more guns?" asked Smith. The little man sullenly shook his head but Smith made certain by a thorough patting from head to foot. "Put your hair on again," continued Smith, tossing back the curly wig, "and 