Exterior to the Evidence 15 He lifted his hand as he spoke, and Letty took advantage of the movement to push off her machine. "Good-night, Mr. Pike," she repeated. Pike made no answer beyond raising his cap, and Letty rode rapidly away along the lonely road. Somehow, she was now far more upset than when she had first set out. CHAPTER IV Foxden Manor Another mile of lonely, widening road had slipped away beneath her wheels before Letty suddenly realised the true significance of what Bradwell Pike had called his dreams. Pike had adopted this method of letting her know that he was in love with her! A curious, indefinable feeling of aversion came over her, and was as suddenly swept away by an equally curious and vague sense of fear. What a pity, what a thousand pities, she thought, that the clerk knew so much of his master's business! It gave him a hold which Letty, knowing what she did, had no wish he should have. Pike, the quiet, reserved clerk, suddenly became to her a watchful schemer, and the only relief from this deduction was that he had in some degree shown her his hand. "I shall tell Mr. Getherfield all about it!" she murmured as she sped along. "He'll understand things better than I do." The sun was just dipping behind the far-off hills in the West as Letty rounded a cliff-like promontory of the valley and came in sight of Mr. Gether- field's house, Foxden Manor, a quaint, seventeenth-century structure. Here, amid the solitude of the moors, Mr. Getherfield grew roses, improved his grounds, planted rare shrubs, and in- dulged in the antiquarian tastes which had been his recreation through a long life spent among mills and machines. He came out of his door as she wheeled her bicycle up the path between the trim,- lawns, and trotted eagerly towards her, a little, spare, very old but intensely active man who still clung to something like a Quakerish simplicity and invariably presented himself in old- fashioned drab-hued garments. He ad- mitted to being already eighty years of age, but Lucas Ethferton had once re- marked to his daughter that he honestly believed the old fellow had dropped ten years somewhere in his journey and forgotten to pick them up again. Eighty or ninety, there was a pleni- tude of vigour in the hearty embrace which the old man gave his godchild as they met in his garden, and in the way in which he took her bicycle from her and wheeled it off to an outhouse. That done, he linked his arm in hers, and turned her towards a distant corner of the grounds. "Just in time, my dear, to see by daylight a nice little improvement we've carried out since you were here," he said, with a satisfied chuckle. "Do you remember saying I ought to put a seat up, down there by the stream? Well, come and see what's been done--for you." But Letty held back and glanced at the house. "Godfather," she said, "I'm in no mood for improvements! I'm awfully bothered--so I came to you. Let's go in--I want to tell you something--a lot." The old man gave her a quick glance out of his shrewd old eyes, and turned to the porch. "Come along!" he said soothingly. "Glad you came, my dear--always ready, here, you know." "That's just why I came--knowing that," answered Letty. She followed him across the raftered hall into a low-ceilinged, oak-panelled room, on the open hearth of which, 