20 The Finger of Guilt "Shallow," mused Scofield, "but trustworthy and prosperous." The two trays were placed upon the counter. In one of them were a dozen platinum chains; in the other, a dozen diamond pendants. "These are assorted lots," explained Scofield. "Please indicate your choice of the pendants, so that I can bring you another tray of pendants which are made along the lines of the one you like." Farris made his decision quickly. He chose a pendant which consisted of four graduated blue-white diamonds set in a small petal design. "You need bring no other samples, Mr. Scofield. This is one of the prettiest drops I have ever seen." Farris thereupon made his choice of a chain. Scofield took the chain and the pendant out of the trays, ran the chain through the loop at the top of the pendant and dangled the lavalliere before Farris. "How much will that set me back?" Scofield consulted the tags. "Seventy- three hundred, Mr. Farris. Eight hundred for the chain and sixty-five hundred for the drop." Farris remarked that he had with him a certified check for ten thousand and that if Mr. Scofield cared to, he could call up the Second National for verification. The deal seemed to be completed. Then Farris changed his mind. "I think that yellow diamonds would look prettier on a platinum chain," he said. "Could you let me see--?" "Certainly," replied Scofield. He picked up the two trays and took them into the vault. After a moment he came back and placed a pendant in the palm of Farris' right hand. "This is the exact counterpart of the one you chose, except that it has yellow stones." Farris looked at it a moment and then said, "Put it on the chain, Mr. Sco- field, so that I can see how it--" Scofield glanced up sharply. "I left the platinum chain and the blue-stone pendant with you, Mr. Farris." "You are mistaken, Mr. Scofield. I gave the lavalliere to you and you took it with you when, you went into the vault." For a moment Scofield remained un- decided. Then he went quickly into the vault, pulled out two drawers and came back with them into the office. "As you can see, Mr. Farris, the trays on each of these drawers have hooks for one dozen pieces. I make it a rule never to display a tray which is not filled. As soon as one piece is sold, another piece is taken from our stock and put in the tray. In each of these trays one piece is missing. There are only eleven chains and eleven pendants." "You may have dropped the lavalliere on the floor," suggested Farris. "I know positively you had it in your left hand when you walked away from the counter to the vault." Scofield began running a hand through his sparse hair. There was no doubt about his being nervous. He finally pushed a button which sum- moned a clerk. (The clerk had to un- lock the latch with a key from the store side of the office door.) "Bring in the vacuum," ordered Scofield. The vacuum cleaner was run over every inch of the floor before and be- hind the counter. It was also run over the aisle in the vault. Some little dust was sucked in, but no lavalliere. After the clerk had left the room, the flustered Scofield ventured, "You may have put the lavalliere into one of your pockets, Mr. Farris." Then he added--"By mistake." "That suggestion is a trifle--crude-- isn't it?" "But don't you see, Mr. Farris, under 