The mask 15 2 April-May-June 1929 naau_1929-04_01 The mask 15 2 Untitled Image Illustration 1 A LETTER ON RECENT TRAVELS 1 ILLUSTRATIONS 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 FROM LAMBRANZI'S BALLI TEA TRALI 1716. See page 75. Plate 4. Illustration 4 DURABILITY HERE TODAY AND GONE TONIGHT J. S cre 5-6 Untitled Image Illustration 6 A LETTER ON RECENT TRAVELS THROUGH EUROPE GORDON CRAIG cre 7-9 Untitled Image Illustration 9 FIVE WORDS ABOUT THE THEATRE James Huneker cre 9 Untitled Image Illustration 9 SIR GERALD DU MAURIER AN APPRECIATION DRURY PERVIL cre 9-11 Untitled Image Illustration 11 CATALOGUE OF THE SALE OF MLLE. RACHEL'S POSSESSIONS. HELD IN PARIS FROM THE 12TH TO THE 29TH OF APRIL 1858 AT PLACE ROYALE No. 9 BY THE ADMINISTRATOR OF ME. HAYAUX DU TILLY, RUE DU BAC, 26, AND RUE DE L'UNIVERSITÉ, 46, PARIS WITH AN INTRODUCTORY NOTE BY X. Y. Z. FOREWORD 12-13 CATALOGUE LINEN, WARDROBE, GUIPURES, AND LACE OF PERSONAL USE; TABLE AND HOUSEHOLDLINEN. 13-18 THEATRE JEWELS AND COSTUMES 18-19 COSTUMES. 19-20 Untitled Image Illustration 20 DESIGN IN THE THEATRE WITH SOME NOTES ON THE NECESSITY OF PUTTING EVERY ONE IN HIS RIGHT PLACE. GORDON CRAIG cre 21-23 Untitled Image Illustration 21 Untitled Image Illustration 23 MARIONNETTES AND THE ENGLISH PRESS. C. G. E cre 24 Untitled Image Illustration 24 Untitled Image Illustration 24 journals (I m not of course speaking of those 25 Untitled Image Illustration 25 BRINGING THE SO-CALLED STAGE TO ITS SENSES A LETTER TO THE EDITOR OF "THE MASK" FROM JOHN FURSE cre 25-26 Untitled Image Illustration 26 THE CAMBRIDGE SHAKESPEARE FOREIGN LANDS AND THE RIGHT THING TO DO. 26-27 Untitled Image Illustration 27 ON CREATING AND DESTROYING A NOTE ON LAMBRANZI AND HIS BOOK OF DANCES J. S cre 27-28 Untitled Image Illustration 27 Untitled Image Illustration 28 THE AMPHITHEATRE AT ARLES AND "THE MASK'S" NOTION OF GOOD SENSE J. S cre 28 Untitled Image Illustration 28 WHAT ABOUT IT? Loïs Lincoln cre 29-31 Untitled Image Illustration 29 THE DEVICE OF THE ACCADEMIA NUOVA PADOVA Illustration 31 THE THEATRE IS IRRESISTIBLE: ORGANIZE THE THEATRE MATTHEW ARNOLD cre 32 Untitled Image Illustration 32 GRAMOPHONISM. D. P cre 33 Untitled Image Illustration 33 CORRESPONDENCE 33 DESIGNS FOR "MACBETH" GORDON CRAIG cre 33 Untitled Image Illustration 33 BOOK REVIEWS. 34-36 Untitled Image Illustration 34 BYRON, THE LAST JOURNEY, 34 SHAKESPEARE IN SERBIA by 34-35 TO THE PURE ...by Morris 35 MR. JARDYNE by Gwen John. 35 BOHEMIAN. LITERARY AND 35-36 THE ELIZABETHAN JIQ; and 36 THE FANFROLICO PRESS. 36 EDITORIAL NOTES APRIL: MAY: JUNE 36-37 ART AND R ÜBRISH . 36-37 Untitled Image Illustration 36 A REALLYTxPEmivFI\HN. 37 o RETROSPECT, o 37 o CINEMA HA VOC. o 37 METEORITE HAVOC. 37 LEGEND '^OW^AWAY. 37 o QUERY...? o 37 oNOTI C E. o 37 o THE MASK (sotto voce). o 37 LAST WORDS. 38 ON TALKING SHOP. Marcel de Tours cre 38 Untitled Image Illustration 38 THE COMMON TOUCH. PROGRAMMES &amp; HANDBILLS J. B cre 38 Untitled Image Illustration 38 TALKIES 38 Untitled Image Illustration 38 NOT AS OTHER MEN. 38 Untitled Image Illustration 38 THE MASK VOLUME FIFTEEN. NUMBER TWOAPRIL-MAY-JUNE19 2 9 ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION D E LUXE EDITIONTEN SHILLINGS TWENTY SHILLINGS(post FREE) (post free)° JT °TWO &amp; A HALF DOLLARS FIVE DOLLARSFOR AMERICA FOR AMERICAADDRESS: BOX 44 4. FLORENCE. ITALY. THE MASK. APRIL-JUNE 1929 NOTICE TO CONTRIBUTORS. The Editor is always glad to consider articles and illustrations fromexperts in theatre history and art, which result from special research or personal experience. Where stampedand addressed envelopes are included, every effort will be made to return in due course rejected contributions ;but in no circumstances can he hold himself responsible for safe custody or return. All articles should betypewritten.Address : The Editor :&lt;€ The Mask Box 444, Florence, Italy. THE MASK1929 19 0 8 19 2 9 All Rights reserved. June 1929*Direttore-responsabile Antonio Maraini.Tipografia L. Franceschini - Firenze. A LETTER ON RECENT TRAVELS THROUGH EUROPE by Gordon Craig. SIR GERALD DU MAURIER: An Appre- ciation, by Drury Pervil. j\ /ILLE. RACHEL AND HER POSSES- I VISIONS, being a Translation of the Cata- logue of the sale held after her death, (Part 1) with a Foreword by X. Y. Z. AN INTERVIEW WITH GORDON CRAIG on recent Proposals made him in London by an unreliable Manager whose name he forgets ;by Lois Lincoln. THE NATURAL HISTORY OF THEBALLET-GIRL, as studied in 1847, byAlbert Richard Smith (1816-1860).NOTES ON THE AMPHITHEATRE OFARLES; THE " BALLI TEATRALI "OF LAMBRANZI; ON " WASTE ", MA- RIONNETTES, BRINGING THE SO-CAL- LED BRITISH STAGE TO ITS SENSES,DESIGN IN THE THEATRE; ON MILORDBYRON, MR. HAROLD NICOLSON, ANDMR. P. G. WODEHOUSE, BROUGHTTOGETHER; and many other matters. ILLUSTRATIONS A DESIGN FROM THE " BALLI TEATRALI" OF LAMBRANZI. TWODESIGNS SHOWING THE THEATRE OF ARLES, IN ITS ORIGINAL STATEAND AS SEEN IN 1666 BY M. JACQUES PEYTRET. THE BALLET-GIRLIN MANY SCENES OF HER DAILY AND NIGHTLY LIFE BY HENNING,GAVARNI AND GILBERT. LITERARY CONTENTS. DURABILITY A LETTER ON RECENT TRAVELS THROUGH EU- ROPE ......... SIR GERALD DU MAURIER, An Appreciation . . CATALOGUE OF THE SALE OF MLLE. RACHEL'SPOSSESSIONS ........ DESIGN IN THE THEATRE MARIONNETTES AND THE ENGLISH PRESS . . THE BALLET-GIRL . . . . . . . WASTE, being some Observations of a Rambler . . . BRINGING THE SO-CALLED STAGE TO ITS SENSES. THE CAMBRIDGE SHAKESPEARE . . . . ON CREATING AND DESTROYING, and Lambranzi andhis Book of Dances . . . . . . THE AMPHITHEATRE AT ARLES .... WHAT ABOUT IT ? An Interview with Gordon Craig . J. S page 41Gordon Craig . . . . .43Drury Pervil 45Translated by D. N. L., with a Fore- word by X. Y. Z. . . . 48Gordon Craig 57C. G. E 60Albert Richard Smith 1847. . .61Anon. . . . . . .72John Furse 73D. P .74J. S. . . . . . .75J. S 76Lois Lincoln . . . . .77 GRAMOPHONISM. CORRESPONDENCE. BOOK REVIEWS. EDITORIAL NOTES. LAST WORDS. ILLUSTRATIONS. A DESIGN from the " Nuova e Curiosa Scuola di Balli Tea- .trali Lambranzi . . . Plate 4. Face 41THE AMPHITHEATRE OF ARLES in its original State. Jacques Peytret . . ■ 5. ■ 76THE AMPHITHEATRE OF ARLES as in 1666 . . » » . . " 6. Precede 77THE BALLET GIRL. Many scenes from her Life . . Henning, Gavarni &amp; Gilbert Pages 61-71Head and Tail Pieces from old and modern Designs. FROM LAMBRANZI'S BALLI TEA TRALI 1716.See page 75. Plate 4. DURABILITYHERE TODAY AND GONE TONIGHT J. S. AS I glance through the pages of this number of " The Mask "I am reminded of the transience of things.And of Theatre things in particular, and they seem asthough they were never-green.Actors, dancers, plays, are here today and gone tonight, noteven waiting till tomorrow gone, leaving behind them cataloguesof sales, ...some laces, some wines, some fancy dresses... records of amomentary hesitation, as if uncertain why they were here, and theyare gone before we are made certain.We admit to a sense of anger at the thought deeper than impa- tience. Futile, of course, but that anger which the poet felt when hefirst took the full measure of life and death and determined to createdeathless things.For something which carries on for six hundred to a thousandyears almost satisfies us that it is deathless. Yes, a thousand yearsare something bravo poet! you can really be said to have put it over.We suppose " there is nothing to put in the field which canbear comparison with..." what was that immortal stupidity uttered byWilliam Archer at the close of the war when excusing England fornot having equipt and placed her best theatre men in a group facingReinhardt and his well equipt people ? We are to suppose, then, our Theatre can t be permanent, can tleave something to live for a thousand years.Are we to suppose that when we know it to be untrue ?" What can you leave which shall live so long ? ' you ask. " Are you merely curious ? " we ask. A LETTERON RECENT TRAVELSTHROUGH EUROPE BY GORDON CRAIG. DEAR SEMAR.In these last moments people callthem months sometimes all sort ofabsurd things, and delightful things andpeople, lovely things and people, have Iseen and heard, and it's when the fulltide comes on that I have at times writtento you. In 1908... wasn't it?.. I wroteyou of Miinchen and Moscow andEngland.These last months I have been inParis, in Berlin, Weimar and London.Add to these Heidelberg, Mannheim,Boulogne-sur-Mer, Karlsruhe, Lyon, andCormery and a place called Schwezingen.I went to all these places quite alone,but in every place I met friends andstrangers, and one quite strange sort ofbeing of whom I may tell you somethingor no if the light permits.It was when listening to the immortalsong " C'est vous " that I met the strangebeing in one of those ultra modern pla- ces in Paris ...but it would take ages totell you the story and so we will come tothat next quarter, not now.—In Mannheim I bought one interest- ing book on the Theatre published in theearly part of the 19th century, whereina " producer " of that day had described,step by step, how to produce an opera ;he manages to fill some two hundred pa- ges describing how it is to be done.The book is the only remembrance Ihave of this place ...excepting a very brighthalf-hour in the museum when Miss Stoll,the assistant of the director of the archives,told me many an interesting thing aboutthe old Theatres of the place. I then went on to Paris ; there I metwith another curious figure ...a certain Eng- lishman who styles himself the Comted'Angleterre.1 could write a history of this man,but I doubt whether 1 shall have the time.An austere being devoting his time,strength and money to others, he passesalmost unnoticed amongst those celebritiesin Paris who are said to be somebodies.In Paris too I came across that re- markable theatrical genius M. Diageliev.I have never seen anyone look older thanhe can look at 12 o'clock midday andthen at 8 o'clock the same evening lookand be the youngest man in the city. Heinvited me to his box at the Opera Houseto see four of his ballets ....four on thesame evening..! I almost think that fouris two too many.A most enjoyable hour and a half Ispent following the two first ballets," L'Oiseau- de Feu " and " Apollo ",both composed by Stravinski. I for mypart preferred the "Apollo " to the other.I can imagine no more delicate pieceof work than the arrangement of thedifferent sections of this second ballet, this" Apollo ".Everything conspires in it to cheatus but ail is done openly and beauti- fully.The arrangement of this Ballet wasby Georges Balanchine, a man of afine creative talent. The dancers wereSerge Lifar and the three ladies, Danilova,Tchernichera and Doubrovska, and allfour enchanted me.There was only one fault in this balletand this one fault is the unwillingness orinability of the arranger to make his balletin one piece. It was broken up into tenor twenty or thirty sections. Nature inthis respect does better than he. Cloudsseas rain storms - sciroccos —» always proceed without a break; nomatter what the contrasts or what theharmonies, in nature all goes on from itsstart to the conclusion of its performance;there is no break, there are no jerks nogoings forward only to go back —nogoings round all advances and always.And when I came to London andvisited the Exhibition of Dutch Art andstood before the mighty landscape(No. 227) by Philip Koninck I realizedthat great painting also proceeds from startto end in a single unbroken series ofadvancing waves. It may take hours forthe spectator to follow these ; it does inKoninck's landscape ; but the rhythm neversuddenly breaks not once.I thought this the most wonderfulpainting of all the 921 items of the show.It's manner is the grandest manner ofShakespeare or Bach and this explainswhy hardly anyone stopped to look at it,and there must have been some 1300people at Burlington House on the day Iwent in.The Catalogue, which honours someof the artists by a word or two of mention,does not stop to speak of Koninck. Hewas born in 1616 and died in 1689.The success of M. Diageliev's Parisperformances was greater than ever ...andindeed this is not hard to understand, forit is today the best ballet in the world,and never was the troupe stronger northe inventions of M. Diageliev morehappy.My only reason for not waiting tosee the whole four ballets is that I hadhad enough. I didn't want to forget theloveliness of " Apollo ".I sometimes wonder why it is thatthe spectators are not given two balletsand then asked to say which of the twothey would like repeated. I would havecalled for " Apollo ". In Berlin there was a production Iwould willingly have seen twice over...the German version of " The Beggars'Opera", but I fell ill and could not.In Berlin I nearly died. None of myfriends knew of this at the time and soit does not matter.In London I saw " Journey's End "at the Savoy Theatre; ...a money makingpiece well done by actors.In London I heard of five peopleeach of whom is going to " save the Britishstage". One is a rather lame copy ofIrving's less intelligent son ; another is ahairdresser ; a third drops his Hs andso on.My one disappointment was on disco- vering that at the Ambassadors Theatrethe brilliant young actress Miss MardaVanne was out of the cast.I had long promised myself I wouldsee her work.While the flimsyest excuse is for meexcuse galore for mentioning Miss MardaVanne, I shall have a very grave reasonfor doing so soon and shall come to thatin the next but one issue of " The MaskFor I shall then prophesy !As I have always been labelled aprophet I intend to prophesy with care.I shall prophesy that if Miss Marda Vannereturns to act in England she will be seenas and I will even prophesy that shewill do it better than did Sarah Siddonsor Sarah Bernhardt.I shall name the part in the next butone number.Now who any longer says I am aprophet ? ...for what prophet risks all ona single cautious throw like this. Callme a gambler in future.I have also discovered a " Hamlet "...a man fitted to play it] surprisingly well...an Englishman, and one who neverdreamed it possible, does not now dream. it, for I've not yet told him he was bornto play it and better than John Kemble.In Paris, by the way, I met one ofthe Footes a descendant of the greatcomedian of the 18th century SamuelFoote. We lunched together at the Cafede la Paix and he showed me a snuff boxwhich came down to him from his greatgrandfather.In Paris I was reminded of that line... is it by Dryden or by Pope ?... "men to business, someand indeed no where else can the twostreams of serious and playful men be soclearly defined nor more markedlydivided.If anything your Parisian is more so- lemn than he was, and more charming. FIVE WORDS ABOUT THE THEATRE James Huneker. The theatre is a mirror of life. Sophocles.The stage is a grand and serious thing. It has anational mission, a social mission, a human mission.Victor Hugo.The ohject of the theatre is not to teach us what thisor that particular person has done, but what every personor certain character under certain circumstances would do.Lessing.The theatre is called the people's school. It teachesus to feel and to think. Maxim Gorky." Why is it that millions, are spent on pictures, libra-Ties, orchestras, churches, but not one cent for the theatre? " SIR GERALD DU MAURIERAN APPRECIATION BY DRURY PERVIL. \\/ HAT a mood I am in tonight toV ™ write an appreciation even I and who is more fitted to write thepraises of people and things he has knownto be good than one who, spite of allother failings, never has failed yet to ap- preciate almost all things.Yet it is not my appreciation of SirGerald du Maurier that I may put intowords, for I have but seen him four timesin rny life. First coming down a passagecalling out " Why that can only be DruryPervil and most kindly shaking my hand.An old man now, 1 perhaps note withtoo much sentimentality that my hand isstill shaking a little at the remembrance,and this is a pity since 1 write myown bits with my hand and have notused a typewriting machine in my life.The last time I saw du Maurier wasat a funeral of an old unknown lady hehad known, and he came there, as indeedI, because we had both rather loved her.I was sent to report, but I should havegone anyhow. I say she was unknownbut I exaggerate a little ; she had beenknown had been what is called famous,and indeed many filled the little church atDoveside, a hamlet on the Wyvil, to seea famous person laid to rest. Few evenon that summer's day exactly rememberedher—but they recalled her fame. Todayhardly a soul remembers that either. Ihave a curious proof of this which isneither here nor there. But to see duMaurier there was touching ; ...to hear hisvoice, to recall today what it was he said:he spoke more forcibly than I had deemedpossible in such a gentle nature. Whathe said does not concern anyone but meand a very few members of the profession of which Sir Gerald du Maurier is in acertain sense the head.And so I have but scant matter fromwhich to make up any tale about duMaurier worth hearing ; and I had bestadmit without more ado that it is another'sappreciation 1 am concerned with andwould like to speak of.The writer of this " appreciationis Augustus Muir, and many thousandsof people will have read it for it appearedin a recent number of London's most po- pular monthly magazine.A charming sketch it is and illustratedwell; I now see his lovely old house inHampstead for the first time, and thepretty place he owns at Ferrybridge nearFowey down in Cornwall.In this appreciation I get a perfectlydirect picture of a very simple man who,we are given to understand, hides himselfunder very elaborately devised mannerswhich only a very versatile actor couldinvent.Du Maurier, more sensitive than mostartists when he grows serious, is indeedcharming ; then he will stop to say thatit " must be wonderful to understand thefeelings of birds and animals " and then,stopping, says no more gives no hint asto what it is we miss ; and there hecommits no blunder.I was once bitten by a parrot : adear old lady I know, lay dangerously illfor nearly three months having been bittenby a dog: so that probably du Maurierand I have different ideas about the thoughtsand feelings of animals and birds andI envy him should he be able to nursepleasant illusions about them.Mr. Muir's sketch is in his lightestbest vein, and yet he manages to givethose of us eager to know how muchwork Sir Gerald had done a very properaccount of it. I had not realized that the popular actor had held Wyndham sTheatre for fifteen years and during thattime had put on twenty-four plays andmade twenty-one of them into successes.That is certainly an astonishing re- cord, and explains that his lovely largehouse and his motor and all the jollyluxuries which usually belong to an Eng- lish actor-manager have all been won bythis one off his own bat.There is one thing more I rememberof him. When I was once in his dres- sing room at his theatre in search of aninterview to enliven the pages of my oldFleet Street daily, he pointed to a draw- ing by his father George du Maurier,that rare and to some of us that dearartist, which hung on his wall and I wentup to look at it. " It's the whole family "he said, and there right enough they were,...that loveliest of families, father, mother,daughters, sons in one long line fromtall to tiny, seven or eight or nine, Iforget now, following the leader ...andlast of all came the tiniest boy of thefamily.As 1 looked I heard du Maurier'svoice going on behind me in a mecha- nical way ; it said " All of them are deadbut the last one and that's me ". It isnot at such moments that I for one wouldhear the voices of birds saying anythingI could understand ; at such a moment itis only the voice of someone like ChopinI could hear when he speaks as he doesin Etude 7 in C sharp minor. Birdssinging out ever so . joyously would nothelp nature doesn't come down unless to kill you. To accompany andrelease your thoughts gently like a nurse nature seldom does that.Chopin plays his way mercifully onas I write this on my gramophone,releasing much that we at times have suchneed should be set free in us. Golf is good - oh yes and cricket and ten- nis and even theatres and the poor oldjournalism I peg away at daily : all quitegood ; and the stars are good, and thecold moon too, ...and the memories ofgold-wheat hair and a voice from the stagesaying " And so I am, 1 am " pouf,here for some unknown reason I fall tothinking of my old days up in Liverpoolwhen that actress ...what was her name...let it go ...used to come the rounds andI once heard those words of Cordelia ringout and it's like me and my infernalsense of appreciation to have treasured theecho so long.Yes, all these things are good whenour nerves are strung up, but it is onlymusic, and especially Chopin, that canbring me them back to my senses, bringingback more, much more, ...indeed all I love...when in my room my Pathe twin turnsthe disc the record and we read andsee through our ears.Strange life so full of unceasingeffort, the effort merely to get through lifelet alone do anything more; the dailyround to be turned without falling off,without entirely forgetting the many hun- dred rounds gone by:—yet these recalledonly weaken one, it would seem.But who shall say so, since it wasrecalling an old friend now gone fellover a cliff or was dragged to death byan ass of a pony or some such thatI went to the window recalling thisfriend on hearing a Chopin prelude ; andthere suddenly fell from my eyes a thickveil ...a delusion as to her unconquerablename and fame ...and I saw how she toohad been utterly forgotten. Over thereacross the square she and I livedin that Hotel ; the four windows at thecorner. The Bristol Hotel it was called.It is now a commercial House. Her name,what was it * yes, ..«* 1 'opsy. I recalled in vain that she had beenlovely born lovely and stayed so too,to my thoughts : all that I recalled nowwas that she had suffered been defea- ted, trampled to death by the hoofsof a pony and the tongues of mankind.Was an artist too.These artists.., how doleful would bethe thought of them if again some springin us did not click and let fall anotherveil before our eyes ; and click, anotheris raised and then comes the blaze of sunand " The Guards want powder " is thecry, ..." and by God they shall have it "." Then let us fill a bumper and drinka health to thoseWho carry caps and pouches and wearthe louped clothes;May they and their commanderslive happy all their years,With a tow row, row, row, row, row, rowfor the British CATALOGUE OF THE SALE OFMLLE. RACHEL'S POSSESSIONS. HELD IN PARIS FROM THE 12TH TO THE 29TH OFAPRIL 1858 AT PLACE ROYALE No. 9 BY THEADMINISTRATOR OF ME. HAYAUX DU TILLY,RUE DU BAC, 26, AND RUE DE L'UNIVERSITÉ, 46, PARISWITH AN INTRODUCTORY NOTE BY X. Y. Z. FOREWORD RACHEL &amp; ELLEN TERRY. I think that a publication of a translationof the sale of Madame Rachel's effectsmust surely have a number of little inte- resting points for the historians who aredotted around England and America, andso it is being published in The Maskin its entirety ; part this quarter and partnext.A curious fact to note about theLibrary (the list of which will be givenin the next number), is the number ofHistorical works that it seems to havepossessed.Her wine list delights me but, puzzlesme at the same time when 1 read thatshe leaves 261 bottles of Desmirail-Mar- gaux and 7 Haut-Brion. I wonderwhich it was of the two Bordeaux thatshe liked the best. Had she just got ina new batch of Margaux because therehad been such a run on the bottles, ordid she only buy a very few bottles ofBrion ? 1 suppose connoisseurs in winewould want to know the vintage of eachof the entries, but none were given. Iwonder if any one of the bouteilles stillremains to be drunk, if any one of thecollectors of Rachel souvenirs has beenso sentimental as to keep one single bottleintact of the 1413 l/ 2 bottles; if so 1 wonder whether this will catch his eye ;if so, the wine must be very old ; ifso, the man, unless he be a fanaticalpresent-day admirer of Madame Rachel's,must also be very old ; if so, what 1want to say is, cannot this remainingbottle be sent to the Comedie Frangaisewith strict injunctions that it never beopened ?1 suppose that some book about thegreat actress would tell how much orhow little money the costumes went forthe theatrical costumes —. I knowwhere a girdle of white used in Phedrewent to ; it was, and may be it still is,in the collection of Dame Ellen Terry.It is seventy-one years since this saletook place in Paris, and doubtless the thingshave been scattered far and wide, and ifwe wanted to collect them together again,it would cost many thousand pounds todo so.This is not entirely without topicalinterest to us, for the attempt to keeptogether a few of Dame Ellen Terry'spersonal effects is being made.She left no wine cellar for she hadno wine to leave. Books she left, andfurniture, ... and a little old house.The plan for the Memorial was put: before readers of The Mask in the lastt number. The Committee avoid makings any appeal beyond that which says[ " Ellen Terry lived and died here, there- fore it is well worth preserving". ButI would add that in preserving thisancient house in memory of Ellen Terrythey also preserve a piece of Tudor ar- chitecture in memory of England, and infifty years from now not so very manyexamples will remain of such farmhousesand not so very many homes have thedouble reason for being preserved.And preserving all this, what a cu- rious English custom is preserved. Will itbe realizable fifty years from now that in1900 the Londoners, weary with theweek's work, tired of the new styles ofhouse construction which filled all availablespace in London, fled not merely fromthe city to the country, but from theirnew jerry-built houses to the steady oldcottages. The older the better, theyfound for the older, the firmer was thebuilding, the more pleasant were their dayspassed in such a building.It's a strange mood, this of takingflight from today, backing down two orthree centuries. And down amongst theold timbers and the silence the mind ofthose days, of 1900 and thereabouts, train- ed new bowers of rose and clematisaround the house or cottage into which ithad taken refuge.And in these bowers and under thisroof who was there in the English worldof that day who did not come to talkto and to listen to Ellen Terry.Some of these visits have been re- corded in a manuscript, and the type- written record is to be preserved in theMemorial. At least so lam told andonly to be read in that house.And I have heard of other delightfulideas which, when carried out, will makea visit to this house something like avisit ...but I am not yet at liberty to disclosemore of the Committee's plans which,when I heard them, delighted me. CATALOGUE LINEN, WARDROBE, GUIPURES,AND LACE OF PERSONAL USE;TABLE AND HOUSEHOLDLINEN. (') SECTION ONE. LINEN 1. Linen handkerchiefs.2. Plain batiste handkerchiefs, embroideredinitials.3. Plain batiste handkerchiefs, trimmedwith Valenciennes.4. Rich handkerchiefs of batiste, plain orembroidered, trimmed with deep Valenciennes.5. Handkerchiefs of (2) trim- med with deep Valenciennes, with escutcheonwith the emblems of Tragedy.6. Turkish handkerchiefs of batiste, em- broidered in coloured silk.7. Handkerchiefs of fil d'aloes, trimmedwith dentelle d'aloes.8. Chemises of embroidered cambric.9. Chemises of nansouk trimmed with lace.10. Chemises of linen trimmed with lace.11. Chemises of embroidered linen trim- med with lace.12. Chemises of batiste trimmed with lace.13. Chemises bouillonnees. (puffed).14. Chemises of embroidered linen trim- med with lace.15. Nightgowns of nansouck trimmedwith lace.16. Nightgowns of linen, embroidered.17. Peignoirs, embroidered and trimmedwith lace.18. Embroidered camisoles.19. Plain petticoats.20. Embroidered petticoats.21. Petticoats trimmed with lace.22. Embroidered pantalons.23. Cotton stockings.24. English stockings.25. Stockings of Scotch thread.26. Silk stockings.27. Flannels.The above articles, and a large number of thosewhich follow can be sold separately. v/o WARDROBE o, I I ■ ■""r "UM —wmw I 'IW28. Dress of plain mauve silk.29. Dress of mauve silk, trimmed with blond.30. Dress of foulard.31. Dress of flowered silk poplin.32. Silk dress of white Moire antique,brocaded in flowers.33. Dress of pink gros de Naples silk.34. Dress of flower-brocaded silk.35. Dress of black striped satin.36. Robe de chambre of embroideredChina silk.37. Dress of black silk cloth, trimmedwith velvet.38. Dress of black silk, trimmed with jet.39. Five under-dresses of silk.40. Dress en piece, of silk poplin.41. Dress of plain black velvet.42. Dress of garnet velvet, trimmed withblack lace.43. Dress of blue velvet trimmed withblack lace.44. Dress of white embroidered muslin.45. Dress and pardessus for the same, ofmuslin.46. Dress of violet silk with broad bandsof velvet.47. Robe de chambre of printed crepe deChine.48. Robe de chambre of white quiltedtaffetas.49. Complete Toilette, comprising: cor- sage, skirt, mantle and sleeves of silk, velvetand plush.50. Dress of black silk cloth.51. Blue dress of silk.52. Three white dresses of silk.(These last four dresses have beenworn in Adrienne Lecouvreur).53. Two complete toilettes in plain whitemuslin and India muslin.(These two toilettes have been wornin Mademoiselle de Belle-Isle).54. Hood of satin and velvet.55. Three corsages of black velvet.56. Cloak of black silk cloth.57. Silk cloak trimmed with black lace.58. Cloak of rich velvet, trimmed withjet and guipure.59. Muff of sable ; velvet cloak trimmedwith sable.60. Black lace umbrella with coral handle.61. Algerian burnous. 62. Indian cachemire scarf embroideredin gold. , .63. Long Indian cachemire shawl, whiteground. . . , ~ j64. Cerise crepe de Chme, embroidered.65. Oriental scarves.66. Egyptian and Chinese costumes.67. Coiffures, (168. Chaussures69. A hundred pairs of % oves.70. Lengths of various stuns. OGUIPU RESOmi IM7Hilium liiiiiiiigir I P—wUKIIm iißi.innnrn—^71. 1 metre 45 width 0,80, strip.72. 1— 45 » 0,80, Strip.73. 1 55 » 0,90, strip.74. | 60 » 0,80, devant d' au e75. 2 20 » 0,63, strip.76. 1 80 » 0,45, strip.77. 2 85 » 0,50, crowns and fleursde lis.78. 2 —-15 » 0,53, landscape.79. 4 42 » 0,35. strip.80. 4 50 » 0,35, strip.81. 1 50 » 0,85, cover for pillow.82. 3 25 » 0,36, strip.83. 2 —BO » 0,35, strip.84. 3 25 » 0,50, strip.85. 1 40 » 1.10, over-spread foreiderdown.86. Fifteen pieces of guipure and embroide- ries for arms of armchairs, coverlets, etc.87. Two strips, for front of dress, of 1metre 10 each.88. bas de robe in embroidery, 2 metres 45,width 0,35.89. 1 metre 60 width 0,45, pelerine (tip- pet).90. 3 » 0,65, scarf.WHITE LACES.91. 1 metre 55 width 0,07, Malines in twolengths.92. 2 25 » 0,04, Valenciennes.93. 1 30 » 0,06 ' Valenciennes.94. 1 40 » 0,05, Alengon, strip.95. 1 85 » 0,10, Alengon, lappets.96. 3 75 » 0,10, Alengon, two pie- ces. 97. 5 metres 80 width 0,10, Alengon, threepieces.98. Collar of Alen- ?on.99. 5 20 » 0,68, fichu trimmed withAlengon deelles.100. 1 84 » 0,09, application, two lap- pets.101. 1 metre 10 application de Bruxelles coif- fure.102. 3 metre 85 width 0,20 application deBruxelles flounce.103. 3 - 82 » 0,20, idem flounce.104. 3 95 » 0,20, idem flounce.105. Casaque, application de Bruxelles.106. 2 metres 70 width 0,70, applic. de Brux- scarf.107. 1 —&lt;■ 20 » 0,10, point de Brux- elles, two lap- pets.108. Sleeves in application d'Angleterre.109. 1 metre 20 width 0,07, application d'An- gleterre.110. 1 10 » 0,07, idem.111.1 50 » 0,07, idem.112.1 30 idem berthe.113. 2 - » idem fichu.114.1 16 idem fichu.115. 7 40 » 0,40, idem two flounces.116. 1 20 » 0,57, idem veil.117.3 20 » 0,60, idem flounce.118. 4 80 » 0,60, idem flounce.119. Pointed shawl.120. 3 metres 15, width 0,06, point d'An- gleterre, strip.o BLACK LACE O121. Two pairs of sleeves in black Chantil- ly lace.122. Chantilly veil.123. Casaque of Chantilly.124. Chantilly scarf.125. Pointed shawl of Chantilly.126. Square shawl of Chantilly.SILVER - GILT LACE127. 1 metre 50 width 0,10, silver gilt lace.128. 1 80 » 0,11, idem.129. 1 1 idem lappet. L I N G E R I E130. A quantity of collars, sleeves, fichus,pelerines, etc., the greater part trimmedwith Valenciennes and application deBruxelles and d'A ngleterrre.TABLE AND HOUSE LINEN.mnmmmtamammtmaaaasmmtmmt mi n INI i131. Damask table napkins for 18 and 20couverts.132. Damask table cloths and napkins.133. Damask tea napkins.134. Batiste tea napkins.135. Napkins of striped linen.136. Napkins of English linen.137. Pantry linen.138. Aprons.139. Torchons (dish cloths and dusters).140. Linen sheets.141. Pillow cases, plain and embroidered.142. Casement and window curtains of em- broidered muslin. SECOND SECTION. o CHINA ownmiiiiii—i'ill iwhim1 iin iiiiiiiiiiiagiwMiii ■&gt;—hmi iiiii unywiw1. Square cup in Sevres porcelain, flowe- red, mounted in bronze2. Round cup, Sevres porcelain, pinkground with birds, mounted in bronze rams'heads.3. Small vase of Sevres porcelain, withmedallions, mounted in bronze.4. Two small Sevres porcelain vases, birdsand medallions.5. Oval tray with medallions.6. Cup and saucer.7. Round box of Saxe porcelain, withvery fine paintings.8. Bouquet of flowers (Saxe).9. Two little statuettes (Saxe). Love asa cook, and its pendant.10. Two little statuettes (Saxe), theMusicians.11. Two statuettes (Saxe), the Grape- gatherers.12. Head of young girl (Saxe), Height23 c. 13. Group of three figures (Saxe).Height 24 c.14. Group (Saxe), Satyrs and Bacchante.Height 34 c.16. Dog of the West Indies.17. Group.18. Breakfast cup and saucer (with thecrowned Dauphin). (This cup was presentedto and belonged to Mile. Clairon).19. Six porcelain coffee spoons.20. Six oriental coffee cups.21. Eighteen coffee cups.22. Milk jug.23. Twelve saucers with the cipher ofking Louis-Philippe. (Sevres).24. Tea service in Saxe porcelain.25. Dinner service in English porcelain.26. Coffee service in Sevres porcelain,with historical portraits of Albano, GiulioRomano, Annibale Carracci, Michael Angelo,Rembrandt, Titian, Mazzuoli, Guido Reni,Domenico Zampieri, Agostino Carracci, Lu- dovico Carracci, Jacopo Robusti, Raphael,Salvator Rosa, Francesco Barbieri, Leonardoda Vinci.27. Dinner service in crystal ware.28. Bohemian glasses, engraved. OBJETS D'ART AND CURIOS, BRONZES ANDO VARIOUS ARTICLES. O29. Set of Russian dice.30. Cover embroidered in pearls.31. Steel pen-holder.32. Lamp of lava, antique form.33. Statuette, Russian soldier.34. Paper-weight with fruits.35. Russian box, blue ground with pain- tings.36. Indian mirror with paintings.37. Oval box with medallions, porcelain.37. Statuette of rock crystal, on a silver- gilt pedestal, set with turquoises.39. Bronze statuette on a pedestal ofpietra dura.40. Bohemian glass with armorial bear- ings.41. Sand-glass for desk in silvered andgilded copper.42. Antique fan, sylvan scene.43. Fan, antique mount.44. Fan set with gems.45. Portrait of Mile. Clairon, plaster.46. Le dessus and le dessous. plaster. 47. Two intaglios.48. Two malachite candlesticks.49. Malachite seal supported by a Rus- sian porter in silver.50. Malachite seal mounted in gold.51. Malachite paper-weight; the reaping- woman.52. Malachite paper-weight, ornamentedwith engraved silver-gilt.53. Paper-knife of malachite and silver- gilt.54. Pen of malachite, gold and silver-gilt.55. Pencil-holder of malachite, gold- mounted.56. Malachite coffer.57. Very beautiful coffer in malachiteand gilded bronze. (Presented by Her Majestythe Empress of Russia, Saint-Petersberg,1854).58. Necessaire for perfumes, mother ofpearl with medallions, decorated with gold.59. Ornaments for console ; three piecesin enamelled silver and lapis lazuli.60. Silver medallion with figures in relief,enclosed in a velvet casket with monogram.61. Silver seal; the Postillion.62. Medicine chest in silver-gilt, withthirteen bottles.63. Silver ingot.64. Chaplet in cornelian and silver-gilt65. Two pedestals in silver-gilt, set with,turquoises and cornelians.66. Silver cup.67. Perfume-burner in silver filagree.,68. Basket in silver filagree, with fruit inmedallions on porcelain.69. Perfume-burner in silver-gilt andenamel.70. Paper cutter; handle decorated withgold, blade silver-gilt.71. Russian paper knife; the Carpenter;silver-gilt.72. Silver seal; the Bird's nest.73. Silver seal; Gros-Rene and Mariettefrom the Depit amoureux.74. Two Russian paintings, Christ andthe Virgin; frames of silver-gilt; casket.75. Two portraits, Corneille and Racine,remarkable miniatures by Petitot; porcelainframes.76. Backgammon set in Chinese lacquer.77. Two semainiers O of Chinese lacquer. 78. Paper basket, in box form, of Chi- nese lacquer.79. Three frames with engravings, cartesde visite, (l) drawings and autographs.80. Crystal cabaret.81. Mantel-shelf ornaments, three pieces,in Japanese porcelain.82. Decoration for foyer in gilded-bronze.83. Hearth decoration : for foyer, Eagles,large size.84. Decoration for foyer in gilded bronze.Les Amours.85. Two porcelain vases, blue lustre,adorned in gilded-bronze.86. Two vases of Tournai porcelain, withpaintings on the frieze representing the fetesof Pan and Pomona..87. Oriental sabre, with richly ornamentedsilver scabbard.88. Wild boar : bronze by Fratin.89. Two comets (2) of porcelain, bluelustre, with lights of gilded bronze.90. Large lustre in gilded bronze.91. Fittings for lamps and candles.92. Crystal lustre.93. Venetian looking-glass with copperornaments.94. English paper-case.95. Inlaid Pap er-case.96. Luxor, water colour by CrapeleL(View of the ruins occupied by Mile. Rachelduring her travels in Egypt).97. Three boxes of Chinese lacquer.98. Two casement curtains of Chinesesilk, antique.99-102. Four Etruscan vases.103. The Christ, fine marble attributedto Canova.104. Two scent bottles, engraved andgilded silver; Cupids supporting a crownwith monogram in brilliants on blue enamel.105. Watch in copper, oval, of 1571,with engraved portraits and designs. (Thisvery curious watch belonged to the EmpressElizabeth of Russia).106. English Necessaire de coy age (dres- sing case), fitted in Silver-gilt and ivory.(This necessaire was on view at the UniversalExhibition of 1855).107. Gold necessaire de voyage in itsivory casket. 108. Russian cup, engraved and gildedsilver; on the lid saint Michael vanquishesa dragon. Moscow, 1864, with inscription.109. Russian cup in engraved and gildedsilver ; on the lid a child tramples on somegrapes ; women and children support the cup.Moscow, 1854, with inscription.110. Cup of engraved silver, enrichedwith rubies, emeralds and turquoises. Onthe lid, Apollo, seated and holding a lyre, issurrounded by the nine Muses, in medallions.The vase is ornamented with portraits inalto-rilievo ef Benvenuto Cellini, BernardPalissy, Michael Angela, Maso Finiguerra,Lorenzo Ghiberti, Albert Durer, and allegoriesrepresenting justice, Music, Geography, Geo- metry, History and Theology.On the foot are four little detached figures,Drawing, Architecture, Painting and Sculpture.This cup is as remarkable for its compo- sition as for the purity and finish of the work.111. Inkstand in carved wood, surmountedby the bust of Moliere.112. Two porphery vases, mounted ingilded bronze, on pedestals.113. Table cover of blue Indian cache- mire, embroidered in gold, with guipuretrimming.114. Skin of African lion..1 15... White bear skin.11-6. Porcelain toilet set.1 ill. Rich toilet articles in Chinese enamel.1 18.. Abissinian mandoline.119. Guitar. (This guitar, which hasbecome historic, is that on which the littleL'lisa Felix accompanied herself, when shehad not yet become the great Mile. Rachel). THIRD SECTION. o CELLAR. (1) OM YGM ■MWIWIIIII ■■ I ■ IMIIIMI MIL NIIHIWI—~WN— NI'FIIIIBNA mmi NIIH UIMTNIWIMIND mini MIRI^IN'FT^RAYRNFCBORDEAUX WINES. 224 bottlesBeaumont; 113 bottles Lascombe :45 bottlesSaint-Estephe, Lafont-Rochet: 261 bottlesDesmirail-Margaux: 78 bottles Corce-Con- tenac : 141 bottles Pichon-Longuevil e vieux:90 bottles Lur-Saluces : 7 bottles Haut-Brion:51 bottles Chateau-Laffitte : 25 bottles Ffaut-SauterneVARIOUS VINTAGES. 49 bottlesPomard tres-vieux. 192 bottles C6te-du- Rhone : 5 bottles Vin de Moselle : 20 bottlesMalaga : 1 1 bottles Pbrt: 5 bottles Madeira :13 bottles Madeira : 32 bottles Xeres : 9bottles various fine wines.LIQUE U R9 bottles cognac : 3 1/2bottles old rum. (1) We have followed the order as published of the list of thesales day by day save in regard to the Personal Jewelry, which wehave omitted this quarter and shall give in our next number withthe list of the Books. Ed,(2) Thread of alloes. (1) (ie, hats and head-gear of all kinds).(2) (i. e., shoes, boots, slippers). (1) In addition to the numbering from I onwards of each section,a progressive numbering from 1 to 952 of the whcle catalogue isadded in the original list. This has been omitted here as super- fluous. Ed. (1) Letter-rack, or tablet for weekly notes. This may have meant either visiting cards or the cfd " cartiede Visite '' sized photographs\£.) rrobably some kind of branched candlestick.. (1) Numbered in column from 1-21, but grouped here so as to3gave space, E-d. """ -» - &gt;» THEATRE JEWELSAND COSTUMES O J E W E L S (2) o|«»I i'i ■mm n - - ■T-imTiirirwrrxmrmMMiiiir mm , t,, M,lla .nf-rriirn ~--T. .|T|[rrm| rM1. Pearls of different sizes.2. Necklace, imitation malachite.3. Girdle.4. Pearl decoration for a dress,5. Jet girdle {Angelo).6. Four fancy bracelets, strass.7. Two ear-rings.8. Aigrette.9. Brooch of strass and; imitation emeralds.10. Aigrette, fuchsias in strass.11. Strass riviere, ve#y large stones.12. Two rivieres of strass, stones off me- dium size.13. strass riviere in two rows.14. Two stjass aigrettes.15. Five, strass brooches.16. Two large hanging ear-nWs, strass,ancient setting.17; Bouquet of five points, strass.• . .ass brooch, large and mediumstones, with a strass bracelet, with three rowsot pearls.on' oTaS,S J°']C P2®6* 1;-Tge stone.9 1 IleC Ce» tWO IOWS,l. f earl necklace with. five rows andpenaants.22. Girdle and two bracelets with pen- dants, with imitation emew.fd cabochons, twoepaulettes.?a' t"W° ear~™§s» a large brooch,j '. . epaulettes., two bracelets, aress decoration in pearls and imitationturquoises.11 V&gt; ear-rings and bracelets withblack pearls.26, Ferronniere, *3) two }l;gK combg in co_ loured stone, brooch of strass and imitationemeralds.27. Necklace and clasp, pearls and co- loured stones.28. Seven plaques, cameos on shells.29. Two pearl bracelets, and barrettes ofthree strass gems.30. Pearl neck-piece.31. Diadem formed of two earrings andthree brooches.32. Miroir de beaute.33. Headdress and its cap, necklace,collar, and bracelet adorned with sequins.(Angelo, Ist and 3rd acts).34. Two shoulder pieces in strass, pearlsand garnets. (Angelo).35. Mediaeval purse. (Angelo).36. Two brooches and head decoration.(Angelo).37. Rich poignand, sheath of garnet velvet.38. Strass crown. (Marie Stuart).39. Necklace, in pieces, and cross, gildedcopper with filagree. (Marie Stuart).40. Very rich girdle. (M arie Stuart).41. Chaplet, jet and ivory. (MarieStuart).42. Diadem. (D on Sanche d'Aragon).43. Two necklaces. (Don Sanche).44. Alms-purse in cloth-of-gold and co- loured stones. (Don Sanche).45. Two bracelets with pearls and largerubies. (Moineaude L46. Two plaques and a large cordon ofRussian order. (Czarine).47. Two girdles, one in pearls, the otherin coloured stones. (Adrienne Lecouvreur).48. Poignard in strass and colouredstones. (Adrienne Lecouvreur).49. Strass bracelet. (Adrienne Lecouvreur).50. Diadem. (Tancrede).51. Six bracelets. (Virginia).52. Diadem, two bracelets, two necklaces,,two fillets. (Athalie).53. Diadem with pearls and five cameos:on shell. (Phedre).54. Ear- rings, cameos on shell, and pearls.(Phedre).55. Diadem with nine cameos on shell..(Andrornaque) •56. Six bracelets in the form of serpents..57. Two flat bracelets. (Hoi ace).58. Two necklaces. (Mithridate).59. Diadem, four fillets, two bracelets.,(Mithridate). 60. Large square brooch with star.61. Three chain ends.62. Diadem, four rich bracelets. (Cleo- patre).63. Diadem, (h redegonde).64. Two head-bands, two bracelets.(Cinna).65. Diadem, two plaq(Esther). no. i »'i: '"7H3 An,, i * tei rumbers alone are given),a .gold chain. W°'Q y wpmcn an*! fixed on the foreheatf &amp;s COSTUMES. O MITHRIDATE O(Role of Monime)WUffIMMWBfrW HI Willi H66. White tunic with corsage, cloak ofblue merino, embroidered in gold.o ATHALIE o■ i' in ■umiiUßM—iin«ml*nwiTWiiiTiiininrßir^i—wi—woihittiimii iwnnnwiwirami unwi miibiiiiiw i w imi mi iiniwiimnn m —n67. Skirt and corsage, of black merino,skirt of blue merino, gold and jewelled em- broideries.■ iwiiiniiHummi miini'T—rn m i, ht-khi mm i h wixmii ttmii' ii fur n urn rn mwiiimi' immmniii'ii nn miwio C I N N A o(Role of Emile).68. Tunic and corsage of white merino withred wool embroideries, cloak of red merino.immhubhh hi bi ■j.ni'.'it.jaum.mwMMwtgw iiwiii—i' iii in w iimmnin ■■urn wimi i n ii iO POLYEUCTE O(Role of Pauline).-. ~ M ■g-n-nTiummmi mmiuiiimn ' ■69. Semi-circular cloak, tunic and corsageof white merino, embroidered in wool, squarecloak, tunic and corsage in rose-coloured me- rino, embroidered in white." i in irm-jn iiinwnim , mi OBRITANNI CUSO(Role of Agrippine).70. Square red cloak, embroidered in gold,o CLEOPATRA O71. Corsage and skirt of yellow silk bro- caded in gold and silver and embroidered ingold.72. Semi -circular cloak of red merino withjewel-work and gold embroideries.°PHEDREo73. Semi-circular cloak, white merino, em- broidered in gold, semi-circular veil, in gold- embroidered crepe lisse. peplum of white ba- rege embroidered in gold.74. Tunic of chamois merino, semi-circularcloak of white merino, peplum of whitebarege, and veil embroidered in gold.75. Tunic of chamois merino, semi-circu- lar cloak of red merino, barege peplum, veilof crepe lisse, all embroidered in gold.76. Tunic of chamois merino, semi-cir- cular cloak of red merino embroidered in gold.77. Tunic and cloak of white merino,embroidered in silk and gold, veil and peplum. OANDROMAQUE O(Role of Hermione).78. Two white cloaks.79. Two blue tunics.ONICO D E M E OWBBBWiimunmmma miiiwwtmmujiiimuai m ■—iw iiiuitmmuM.mm.i.mintn-jumj,uuiajaaugjk'80. Semi-cii cular white cloak, with goldembroideries.OTANC R E D EO(Role of A menaide).WHIIB 1 - UIHHHIW fW JW. J» I JLJUHIMUULU.I*! llirTlTrn I II rnTTnT illTf'iTl UTiTllllH II" iIM IHBHI MM HI I lilll" ll IWHHI j WHHP )■ Hj| &gt;H81. Two corsages, a skirt of white merino.WHm i JRzmxmjMJSßLJue?. hi ■ liwii iii —ihbii ■ im„ immMmmmmmmmtammoßsmmo BAJAZET O"BWW—n»—naawpp—Mbmbwi WM—MOB—MM—M™— i i i«*TrnrtniirnmtiM«B»ow82. Turban, sash and trousers of orientalstuff, Turkish slippers.83. Skirt and corsage of cherry-colouredsilk with embroideries.84. Coi sage and under-robe of embroi- dered yellow satin.85. Cloak, vest and dolman of black vel- vet embroidered in gold.HORACE ET LYDIE86. Corsage and skirt, peplum of whitemuslin embroidered in gold.OMOINEAU DE LESBIEo87. Tunic of rose-coloured merino, pep- lum and veil, embroidered in gold.88. Rose-coloured tunic and corsage, em- broidered in gold.89. Corsage and tunic in striped rose-co- loured muslin, a white peplum, the whole em- broidered in gold. DEPIT AMOUREUX(Role of Marinette).90. Complete costume with two skirts.ll—i IlllilHll Ij jf llW———w !■'*■ &lt; 1" 'MI 1"WI" Til" ' »&gt;■ ■ """ " " I|girMALADE IMAGINAIRE(La Ceremonie).■ iailJJJlUUHiuJMJi,JiiJW'Uil^jjajKJmaiW,MWiM'Tirw)«**,i,i miihi n—ininwir ■ mini hi n i i i i ————■«——91. Cloak of red merino, trimmed withimitation ermine, and square cap.o MISANTHROPE O(Roleof C92. Corsage and skirt of white moire,brocaded in silk and gold.BOURGEOIS GENTILHOMME93. Vest of green velvet with embroide- ries, calotte and two bands of silver-giltgaloon.OANGELOO(Role of Tisbe).First Act.94. Corsage adorned with coloured jewel- ied-work, skirt of white satin embroidered ingold, under-skirt of cloth-of-gold trimmed withjewel-work.Corsage and skirt of white silk embroi- dered in gold, under-skirt in cloth of gold,scarf of pink crepe, dress-front of white satintrimmed with jewel-work.Second Act.96. Corsage and skirt of black velvet withgold galoon.O MARIE STUARTOMBBBBWWHBIBBWaMWHBWWKBHgMBfIBMBBWWWBMWBWBBBWBBMIWIB BMP Bill'lll I mXXGJtm ■ ■ PIIMHII—B— IWI WWIII 91 ■IttMMMMWWBWMMBIMWWBMiFirst Act.97. Corsage and skirt of silk damask bro- caded in white, garnishings of pearls andgaloons.98. Coiffure, and cuffs (machettes).Fifth Act.99. Corsage, black velvet skirt (with threerows of galoon, corsage and dresss front ofblue silk). o CZARINE o100. Imperial mantle in cloth of gold,with the two-headed eagle, trimmed and linedwith fur.101. Skirt and corsage in cerise velvetwith about eight metres of fur and a garni- ture de robe of imitation ermine.©ADRIENNE LOCOUVREUR OSecond Act.102. Sleeves and skirt of gold-embroi- dered muslin.103. Skirt of black silk damask, broca- ded in gold, with gold embroideries.104. Turban, pardessus (over-robe) of whitesilk, brocaded in gold.Third Act.105. Corsage and skirt of cloth of gold,embroidered in rose chenille.106. Corsage and skirt of rose silk, bro- caded in silver.107. Corsage and skirt of chamois silkpatterned with flowers.108. Corsage and skirt, rose taffetas, pat- terned with flowers.109. Corsage and skirt, moire silk bro- caded in gold, with under skirt of white moireantique embroidered in gold.IU &gt; I.——P«—l ■ H—JEANNE D'ARCFirst, Second and Third Acts.110. Two tunics, two corsages and two skirtsof blue merino.111. Very fine armour richly damascenedleg-pieces, close-fitting coat. (Juste aucorps).112. A quantity of various articles whichhave served for the theatre. To be concluded. (I) A head piece. DESIGN IN THETHEATRE WITH SOME NOTES ON THENECESSITY OF PUTTING EVERYONE IN HIS RIGHT PLACE. GORDON CRAIG. (I) THIS excellent contribution towards a NewTheatre (a theatre already establishingitself firmly on the continent) should helpto bring the day when it is established inEngland a good deal nearer.It is almost as well stocked as the " Robesof Thespis ,a book which for some un- known reason was priced at £ 8.8.0 whereasthis Studio volume costs but 7/6.Mr. Geoffrey Holme carries on the workof his father and develops it with anyamount of energy and discernment.I rather wish that the Editors had calledinto their service a few of the men andwomen who could have written about Designin the Theatre as it has been practised cen- tury by century, as Mr. Shenngham pointsout, " since 458 B.C. ".Excellent are the brief notes by MessrsCochran and Playfair. But it is for the twogood articles by George Sheringham andJames Laver that we have to buy this volumewith its 120 full page plates, many being incolour. To have produced such a volumefor 7/6 is really an achievement.So then, to Mr. Sheringham and Mr.Laver.The first deals with the Britishers oftoday, the second with the Continentals oftoday. Mr. Sheringham limits himself to nine short pages, Mr. Laver is allowedthirteen. The men from 458 B. C. to1900 A. D. do not get proper attention.This is the only fault I v/ould find inthis book.It is rather a serious omission becausewe ought to see some of the rubbish andsome of the fine things of yesterday in orderto realise how good and how bad our modernwork is ... . and there is some very badwork reproduced in this book. It will beseized on as representative and it will alsobe derided, as is both fair and unfair. Unfairunless you show that in 1880, in 1850, in 1820and so back and back till we come to 458B. C., there has always been bad as well asgood work done in this branch of the Thea- tre as in every other branch.The importance of a Historical survey isstill so obvious that 1 hope Studio maysome day see its way to issue a second vo- lume " Designs in the Theatre good andbad since 458 B. C. ".It's odd how, when it comes to displayingwhat was done in any age gone by, the goodwork is always collected and shown and thebad work dropped .... or if shown its errorsare not noted. So much is lost by thisavoidance of the question of what is good, ieapt, and what is bad, ie inept.Even in the fine volume on the stage_ Dwork of Inigo Jones we get nothingcritical from our stage point of view.When the Telbins and the others of 1850-80are damned we get no word to tell us howremarkable were their victories for they,like all of the better men before or since,preserved not merely the weaknesses of atradition, but saved certain commonsensevalues which are still of immense worth andalways will be.The Russians are trying to break theseup and 1 think we have to preserve them.Away with all the rubbish, but for thesake of the world treasure every appropriatedevice lest, when to-morrow comes and wesearch for something and discover it aftertwenty-five years' labour, we become awarethat we really need never have lost it forit will be the same old device.1 talk of devices, not principles .... Iwould even use the word tricks since Titian himself or Shakespeare employed tricksand it is the trick which does the trick.If I knew ail the tricks of writing I couldget what is in my head out of it on to thispage ; not knowing the tricks I cannot. Thefirst-class journalistic touch is what I lackwhat cannot an experienced sleight-of-handjournalist do ? Can he not seem to makehalf -crowns vanish and appear again appa- rently out of the air ? And it is to preserveall these tricks which experience has wrungout of years of necessity that we need ourtheatres today.Let us adventure forwards by all means,but also let us preserve what has beenadventurously discovered in the past.When in the course of his excellent articleon the Continentals of today Mr. Laverrefers to the famous and immensely ableKeinhardt he names a few of his assistants,Roller, Stern, Orlik, etc. ; but he omitsto say a word of the men who counted forReinhardt more than all these his stage- managers, his regisseurs. So the name Va- lentin is absent, and two or three othernames of regisseurs that should never havebeen lost to us. I select Valentin because hewas so German, so good in his good oldGerman way. He died at an early age in 1908.Designers are valuable assets, but withoutthe regisseur they are all at sea, and it isonly when the designer understands theworkings of the regisseur's mind that thefull force of his designs becomes available.It is for this reason that I have alwaysheld and still hold that it is the regisseur, iestage-manager or producer, that is the manwho, if honoured and allowed his legitimateplace as master of the stage, can and willsave the situation of all the theatres inEurope and America. If denied his placethe theatre must go on crumbling.This regisseur is unprejudiced : he is notfor star actors alone, not for sceneries alone,not for lighting alone ; not for literature, notfor opera versus play, not for any one or anytwo or three things detached from the others:he is for all.Fie is for the Art oi the Theatre if therebe such an art; he is for the theatre people,the workers from Shakespeare down to Bakst,and he is for the lot of them, keeping eachin his place: he is there to see that eachone is not out of place. This is why Sir Nigil Playfair (who, hythe bye, amusingly if somewhat heroically,refuses to allow that I am a stage manager)got such an excellent result up at Hammer- smith. He kept Gay, Shakespeare, Fraser,Hembrow, Ranelow, Sayler and the musiciansand the dancers each in his place, andeveryone I think was happy and it was aliagreat success.For Sir Nigil Playfair is one of ourdozen ablest English regisseurs. There areperhaps five more being used, two of whommay be wandering in the provinces, while threeare carefully suppressed in London : buttheir work is seen, and it never fails to doour stage all the good in the world.I want the full number of twelve andunsuppressed. I want each to be given fullcontrol over a representative English Theatre:I want to see these twelve united in a singlepurpose, to recover all the lost ground of thelast twenty years, and although each goesalong his own path 1 want to see them keep- ing really in touch with one another.Under these twelve I want to see thetwelve best business managers and the threehundred best actors and actresses and thehundred best designers.Mr. Cochran is one of the twelve businessmen or impresarios who could stand with oneof the twelve regisseurs ; and we haveother impresarios. There is Mr. Kae andthere is Sir Barry Jackson. There are atleast twelve first class men of this kind forwhat we call the front of the house.There is, by the bye, a danger which thecritic can help us all to avoid if he will : andit is this. When our impresario - a reallygood man of business, ie the showman getsit into his head that he is important to thestage and comes on the stage and talks, letthe critic at least cough.Mr. Bram Stoker was Irving's showman,and Mr. Bram Stoker never came on to thestage and talked for the simple reason that hewould not have dared to. He knew a lotabout stages, even as the director of theNational Gallery knows a deuced lot aboutpaintings, painters and studios, but this givesr Ono one a free pass to open his mouth on thesubject of how paintings in 1928 should bebegun, developed and finished.This one danger to the Theatre carefullyavoided, all else should be clear sailing. But you must first find your twelveregisseurs and bring the twelve businessassistants to them in the shape of these twelveimpresarios; get it clear to the latter that heis there to run the front of the house and toplay that wonderful second fiddle part withoutwhich the first fiddler never could extractquite so rich a sound as he does whenaided by that true friend of his, the secondfiddler.Get this clear and let the work bedivided, and a step will have been taken inthe right direction.Mr. Cochran for example would, I amsure, give a lead. He would set the exam- ple of attending to his business, never con- cerning himself with the performers or artistsbut preserving that first-class tradition of theshoemaker of sticking to his last.The regisseur would never interfere withthe front of the house arrangements exceptthrough the instrumentality of his able assistantMr. Cochran.The best of the old methods wouldreturn again, that cooperation betweenartist and business man. Every day thesetwo would meet and speak of their plansand of how to realize them by assisting eachother, and thus every day progress would bemade and made without argument, while allfriction would be eliminated since all respon- sability would rest with these tv/o whosesense of duty, let alone friendship, wouldaim to remove ail difficulties from each other'spath.This rule of two artist as leader andbusiness man as faithful assistant is theReinhardt secret and the Stanislawsky secret.With Reinhardt js Edmund Reinhardt■and an able staff. With Stanislawsky isDantchenko and an able staff.But would Mr. Cochran be ready torelinquish his many activities and devote hisentire time and abilities to one thing ? ... toone Theatre at first and after that to onegroup of Theatres ?I cannot tell. At present we see himas far and away the most brilliant impresarioof Great Britain. He manages theatres,music-halls, supper rooms, boxing contests,actors, singers, dancers, pugilists, and did goin for horses.He has proved that he has the genius tomanage anything. His reputation is world- wide : and it is not once but often I haveheard it said that he is really the greatest,most imaginative, impresario living. This issomeone Great Britain needs as second fiddleat its foremost theatre.It needs no one less able, that is quitecertain.But we do not want two Cochrans (evenif two existed) in the same theatre just aswe should not require two creative artists totake control of the same theatre.There must be only one artist and onebusiness man.Sir Barry Jackson as business managersupporting John Drinkwater seems to me anideal arrangement. These two could achievewonders together.Mr. Rea supporting Mr. Dean seemedalways to me to be just the thing. And 1look upon Mr. Dean and Mr. Drinkwater astwo of our artists and Mr. Rea and SirBarry as two of our impresarios or businessmanagers.If I had space here I should like todraw out a table showing which artists Iwould select as the first twelve, which busi- ness managers to assist them, and whichtheatres they could control.But before doing this I for one wouldfeel safer if about such a matter I first con- sulted with my friend C. B. Cochran. (1) De sign in the Theatre. Edited by Geoffrey Holme. TheStudio Ltd. Price 716. A brief review of this already appeared inThe Mask but our readers will appreciate this fuller notice by Mr.Gordon Craig.(2) Published in 1924, and referred to in 4# The Mask" vo- lume XIV pag. 1 1. (I) Walpole Society; London. 211- net. MARIONNETTESAND THE ENGLISH PRESS. C. G. E. IN January and in Paris the Marionnettes ofDr. Podrecca, which had appeared inLondon and are called the " Piccoli ", hadby January 30th given fifty performances.Whether they gave only fifty I have not beenable to ascertain, but it seems astounding thatthey should be able to give so many as evenfifty in the city where the Signoret and Se- raphin theatres flourished, and where theordinary everyday marionnettes in the Champs-Elysees are so delightful.The Continental " Daily Mail ", a mostexcellent publication which I miss wheneverI come to England, speaking of this troupe'sperformance, said : - dexterity of themanipulators, combined with the talent of thehidden artistes who speak, and sing for thepuppets, conveys an extraordinary illusionof reality " : this being precisely the thingthat no good marionnettes ever do ; from thisyou get a fair idea of the third-class thingthe whole show is. (Papers, please copyand tell the world, and don't tell them a thingis first-class which is not so).Once upon a time " The Mask " tookan infinite amount of trouble to explain whatpuppets were, why they are so lovely pretty good in fact - and one had hoped thatthose who read the " Mask " and then wrotetheir views in the " Sunday Times ", in the" Telegraph " and in the " Observer " wouldhave seen that the trouble taken over thislittle but important branch of art had beenshouldered especially for them, and that itwas not needed for them to more than followour argument, which was a logical one, forthen a nice conclusion could have been arri- ved at by all, and we should have seen theresult of their thoughts and feelings through the " Sunday Times ", the " Observer ", the" Morning Post the " Telegraph " and soforth.If some day we of " The Mask " cometo write rather differently, come to take less,and again still later far less trouble, andfinally no trouble at all, it will be yourfaults, dear friends. you writers in the" Sunday Times ", the " Observer ", the" Telegraph ", the " Morning Post " and so&gt;forth; because we knew you had so littletime to give to these matters; you had to bealways addressing the public; and we realisedthis : and realised too that we had so muchtime that we went very carefully into thewhole matter, and we did not speak until wehad carefully considered and reconsidered thewhole subject . . . which reminds us of whatthe " Review of Reviews" said about us.It said " ' The Mask ' thinks what it saysand thinks a long time before saying it".Well you don't mind us trying to beof some service to you, you hard-workingmen of the daily press of London, for whatknowledge can you have of such bothersomesubjects marionnettes, for example unlesswe help you to it ?Why do you go down unarmed to thefray, sit watching these mysteries and allowthem utterly to thwart you ? (I forget, butwhat was the story of the man who peeped;into the mysteries unarmed .... torn limbfrom limb, 1 think, wasn't it ?)And when you write of these subtletheatre things you all lie scattered down thecolumns of the " Sunday Times ", " TheObserver ", the " Telegraph ", the " Morn- ing Post " and so on a gory rivulet ofreal nonsense trickles from you.Go and read them again, those paragraphsin " The Mask ", written chiefly for you, asto what Marionnettes are and are not; whatacting is and what Play-writing may be,and you will notice that you have said thewrong thing over and over again.So do make a bit of use of " The Mask "when next you go to see something worthwhile in a theatre and would say about it the true and worth-while thing. journals (I m not of course speaking of thosewho subscribe for it but of those who reallyread it) :. . and we are only talking to youafter all, nest-ce pas; and how can that doany harm ?Here and now we are but talking toMr. Brown and the other few friends ; cer- tainly not to Mr. Brown's wide public.So, you see, we could do Mr. Brown noharm at all.But Mr. Brown has rashly and unkindlywritten down a piece like " The Circle ofChalk " when he might have written it up.He has done this before thirty thousandpeople or more.He says that " The effect achieved byMr. Basil Dean is one of decoration byselection ", that his work is " a highly co- loured confection with song, dance, proces- sional rites, revolving scenery, property mendoing their simple business ", etc.As he sits and watches he " finds hisappetite failing so he says, and towardsthe end of his lively damnation of " TheChalk Circle " he refers to the grouping as" human sculpture at its best ".This turns this Dean thing into somethingvery cheap. What is " human sculpture "?I have never heard of it before. I haveheard of human bodies and human beings,but sculpture cannot be human. Since thereis no such thing as " human sculpture " howon earth does Mr. Brown refer to it ? Thissingle line shows me that he is searchingtowards safe but unkind mis-statement and Idon't think I very much like that, becauseit's not said to a small private group ; it's astatement before a vast public.Miss Anna May Wong has, it appears,a voice less lovely than her face; but todamn Miss Wong, her voice, Mr. Dean andhis show seems rather a pity, since surelythere cannot be very many better producersthan Mr. Dean, prettier ladies than MissWong, nor better shows than Mr. Hammond's,at any rate in London.But, as I said, 1 have been spending threetravelling through these three lands, -v, France, and England and I thinki asked L nathise with Mr. Ivor Brown asHe Vj Miss Wong and Mr. Dean.Alsatians di otiCed some thousands of peoplealone he d dc jn streets of London at anywith Macbeth.seem to be in a bit ofI wish I couia-» an unnecessary hurry, talking unnecessaryphrases " ...the old ones with new buckles...and they are saying these without any thoughtwhatever, any feeling whatever, no motive tothe parrot patter.They talk on apparently conscious thatthey are uttering sounds but no more.While this poor sort of public existsMr. Ivor Brown is the very man for thejob.My only defence for Mr. Ivor Brown isthat the Public is so inane he does right toplay down to it, to be inane too.But Ivor Brown at his best is a first-classdramatic critic : fortunately he never givesthem his best. BRINGING THE SO-CALLEDSTAGE TO ITS SENSESA LETTER TO THE EDITOROF "THE MASK" FROM JOHN FURSE. The name John Furse is the pseudonymwhich covers the well-known Literary Editorof a British daily paper.We believe that " The Mask " Was thefirst to call attention to some of the pointsthat Mr. Furse makes in his Letter. Or wasit Mr. Gordon Craig in the English Reviewas long ago as February 1922 ? Editor. SIROf course we are all agreed that thecinema can do the drama no harm. Thecritics have summed up the position by poin- ting out that the financial competition of thecinema can only drive dramatists, actors andproducers all stage-workers, in fact backto the first principles of their art, and thenall will be well. It is about the " first prin- ciples " that differences of opinion arise.For Mr. Ivor Brown, for instance, by farthe chiefest principle concerns the importanceof the spoken word. See that the words tobe spoken and the manner of speaking themare nothing short of first-rate and all will be well with the drama, he suggests (when: cri- ticising the old Chinese play, " The Circleof Chalk "). But Mr. Brown really knowsas well as anyone that what is seen in the*theatre has always been important. And to- day the public realises this more than ever,though in nine out of ten London theatres that is a generous reckoning if is quite im- possible for one's eyes to rest with pleasureon the stage, so hideous is the production.Somerset Maugham's " The Sacred f lame "is a good if not a great play, so much a young- theatre-goer allowed to me the other day." But, oh, the production ! " he said. " Really,I can't pretend to get from such a show halfthe pleasure that a Pabst film gives me ". Thatwas no criticism of the stage as a medium,for Pabst, after all, has been called the GordonCraig of the cinema, and Gordon Craig pro- ductions, alas, are not to be seen in the WestEnd of London ; but it was a pointed enoughcomment on British producers. It is not enoughto look after the words ; they alone will notkeep the Jews of Shaftesbury Avenue out ofCarey Street; the cinema has trained erstwhilelackadaisical theatre-goers to use their eyes ina certain way, and after seeing Pabst's lovelywork on the screen they are not to be fobbedoff with any old jumble on the stage.The German and Russian cinema has gi- ven us many lovely things. The groupingand lighting of such rare films as " Faustand " Waxworks " are a delight to all buta small fraction of intelligent cinema-goers.The people who have grasped the beau- ties of such works from their halfcrown seatsin the cinema are ready for a Gordon Craigwhen they go to the guinea stalls of a theatre.They ask for bread and the theatrical hacksof London give them stones. Certain of Ba- lieff's pieces and certain of Diaghilev's balletsare almost the only beautiful things the Londontheatregoer sees in the year.By all means workers in the theatre mustget back to first principles. But don't letthem minimise the appeal of the stage to theeye. Just because the stage producer has toovercome certain scenic difficulties that do notexist for the film producer he must not for amoment dream of foregoing one of his stron- gest cards he must not commit suicide,which is what he'd do if he listens to the" literary " people in the theatre who aretaking advantage of the cinema vogue to scare producers into adopting their pet theories ofthe drama. If they follow Mr Brown's hastyadvice they'll end not in a renascent theatrehut in one of those studios from which theybroadcast the dry bones of drama.A few years ago London producers blithe- ly ignored "" On the Art of the Theatre" Towards a New Theatre " The TheatreAdvancing '* and those other epoch-markingworks, and were incalculably poorer artistsfor doing so. The time is coming, some say,when they must try in their humble way tofollow in the footsteps of the master of themodern theatre or be financially the poorer.When the purses become lighter the brainsmay become active, and perhaps to stop therot Craig himself will be brought on thescene. If we could be very hopeful of thatwe'd all pray every night from now on forstill more theatre-goers and there are a lotof them - who prefer Pabst to his Londonstage competitors. For my part, I firmly be- lieve that " The Theatre Advancing " hasan ally in cinema studios of Europe. THE CAMBRIDGESHAKESPEAREFOREIGN LANDS ANDTHE RIGHT THING TO DO. I have been travelling around Europe latelyand have often needed a copy of a Shake- speare play; not all of them one only;and have never been able to find copies.Even in Paris in a firstclass Bookshop Icould find nothing I could buy for onecan t buy the usual Shakespeare which eventhe booksellers apologize for stocking with,saying, " we unfortunately have no other ".I have had the notion this time to ask atevery shop I went in to for the CambridgeShakespeare ... No, they had not that.And what 1 want to know is, wl Q £Why, when we have a big am'University like Cambridge Uniwhen Bookshops are presumabwith that University, and boreaders of Shakespeare ready this muddling of things ? Why not send outenough copies abroad, ...to Paris, to Roma,to Amsterdam, Copenhagen, Bruxelles,Heidelberg, Weimar and other places whereone may be sure some one is going to askfor a Shakespeare. Why not boom this bestof editions.This Cambridge Shakespeare is ideal. Itis compact and the perfection of good taste :easily carrried in the pocket, light to hold,and costs six shillings net.That's the trouble. In England that's nottoo much, but when turned into Frenchfrancs or German marks or Kronen, Lire andGuildern with the Custom house duties added,it becomes too much.But why not have a special little clause in;the agreements between nations which shallallow Shakespeare's works to enter all landsduty free, provided they are bound in paperonly; and then why not make a special effortto advertise the fact and start off with thiswonderful Cambridge Edition ?lo get three million bayonets specialefforts are made : to get half a million copiesof Shakespeare spread around the world noeffort is made ; ...a wrong thing... don't youthink it's wrong ?Cambridge should make the first move.Presuming that University to be well sup- ported by the nation's purse, and its Pressendowed, it need not make profit but justto get the thing done would be such a featherin its cap.Why be shy ? Why gulp up threehundred arguments, all sound yet senseless,to prove that it's not possible ...really notpossible ?For it's not only possible : it seems to bethe right thing to do. ON CREATING ANDDESTROYINGA NOTE ON LAMBRANZI ANDHIS BOOK OF DANCES J. S. \¥/E give as our Frontispiece this quarterone of the designs from Lambranzi's" Nuova e Curiosa Scuola di Balli Teatraliwhich appeared in 1716. In this dance ... aRaguadon . . . Harlequin is playing the jokethat Launcelot Gobbo plays on his father OldGobbo in Shakes peare's " Merchant ofVenice ". Old Gobbo is also blind, and brin«ging eggs or something to market in a basket.Lambranzi has always puzzled " TheMask " since it first heard his name ; andwhen in 1923 it published a design fromLambranzi's book which was, we believe,the very first to appear in any English publi- cation, it made no pretence that it could informits readers about the author, the book, thedesigner or anything at all.Now Mr. Beaumont, .... Mr. Cyril Beau- mont the writer and historian of the Theatreand Mr. Beaumont the publisher of 75 CharingCross Road, .... have together, in their dualyet united individuality, brought out a reprintof the work with the illustrations all in orderand handsomely reproduced, and only sixyears after " The Mask " called attention tothe existence of Lambranzi and his book.How slowly " The Mask" moves, youthink, it's wonders to perform. We ratherthink that six years is a bit rapid.There is a certain theatre person in Lon- don who breaks his word and whom for thatwe intend shortly to damn for a weak-kneednobody: but he can't possibly be extermi- nated by that so suddenly that you witnessany theatrical, any immediate catastrophe:he will hang on for quite three or four years (,). Yes, we kill quicker than we can create.Beaumonts and Lambranzis are not easyto create, whereas Joneses, Smythes andRubinsohns puff out pretty easily.To do this without care or thought, towi Idly create or as wantonly destroy, wouldbe on our part to sink journalism to the levelof the " Daily Bubble ".We have ever been proud since webegan in " The Mash. " work in 1907 to do aswell as possible with our little journal inthe honourable field of journalism ...and webelieve that here and there, in and around" The Mask ' are to be found some originalnice touches unique in journalism.The Review of Reviews ", in sayingThe Mask thinks what it says and thinksa long time before saying it ", pays a compli- ment we are happy to fancy we have earnedand we are thinking long before we decideto kill or mutilate any Joneses Smythes or Ru- binsohns. (1) Now don't all rush to try on the cap, although quite a fewof you have been so very unreliable, to say the least of it. THE AMPHITHEATREAT ARLESAND "THE MASK'S" NOTIONOF GOOD SENSE J. S. HERE on Plate 5 we see it as it wasbuilt by the Romans, when they foundedin about B. C. 99 their first colony at Aries,and on Plate 6 we see it after it had beenunbuilt by the Middle Ages, and made usefulat last. In that year, 1666, when M. JacquesPeytret comes to take its photograph andreally he has done that and magnificently tooby 1666 the place is like a perfect walledtowm or like an apple dumpling where theapple has popped into the dumpling, goodnessknows how.There is a rare volume entitled Descrip- tion | des Arenes ou | de l'Amphitheatre |d'Aries | par le Pere Joseph Gois Prestre del'oratoire de Jesus | etc. MDCLXV.It is a renowned work and is devotedentirely to this Amphitheatre of Aries, andtherein I found these two folding plates andthought to reproduce them for you full size.I hope none of you find " The Mask " growing at all * niggardly it wishes to be asample, as generous as possible ; but the truthis that that millionaire we were looking forin 1908 that famous man for whom everyartist, every inventor, every performer andevery other silly fool is always looking that millionaire who, when you find him,puts the fear of Hell into you with his awfultalk, etcetera, misinterpreting the uses of thebit of money he is cursed with .... has neveryet come along.So rely on us in future to give you morethan any millionaire will ever give us - any- thing else would be unthinkable for whenthe poor gives to the rich the Devil laughsbut we can't help that.We may some day have to eat thesewords for this legend about the dull per- ceptions of millionaires, their dull senses maybe all but a legend, may be a lie. Out ofthree hundred of them there may be one whois fool enough to risk a disappointment there may be one ready to feel silly for ha- ving sent " The Mask " an anoymous chequefo £ 5000 or £ 1000 put it as low as£ 100. Yes, that would assuredly cause agood sensible millionaire with no nonsenseabout him to shudder and feel dazed." The Mask " as you know is run andhas been run on next to nothing and withoutone penny of profit for twenty years, merelyso as to keep the flag flving, you know darned silly.And now we want to keep it up. to itsmark and fill it with good things unobtainableelsewhere. Ought we oughtn't we to do it ? is it, we ask, sensible ? WHAT ABOUT IT? Loïs Lincoln. THE DEVICE OF THEACCADEMIA NUOVAPADOVA The report that Mr. Gordon Craig hadmade an alliance with an Englishman inLondon and was about to produce Hamlet,if not in German, then in English, and thenMacbeth after that What about it ?. WELL, what about it?" Mr. Craig* went on drawing, while from his gra- mophone (an inseparable companion; it seems)came the words, " Oh, don't be like that!" Do you like this miracle of the age this shallow box which only measures twelveinches by twelve-and-a-half inches yet fromwhich comes out all the best and worst musicof the world and all for two pounds?... Discsrecord about 2/6 each? Well, whatabout it ? ", Mr. Craig went on more serious- ly, turning off the music and so creating astrange sense of silence - not to say of relief.I had asked him, what it meant thisreport of an agreement to produce plays inLondon." But I have dozens of such ' agreements'if by that you mean proposals, offers even ",and he looked as if he meant to go off intoone of his bursts of merriment; " even ' pro- mises in inverted commas " given word",don't you know ? What do you call it whensomeone tells you he'll do something? Well,i m always hearing from people who'll dosomething, so this London affair is reallynothing but one of the usual little back-slidings.I even forget who it was this time that gaveme his word ".Did he really promise a production ? "1 asked breathlessly.He did, and Hamlet too. If theAlsatians didn't do it, then he would do it,alone he'd do it boy, and he'd follow itwith Macbeth. He Was a funny fellow. AndI wish I could remember his name, because he even let me know that he had lots ofmoney behind him to do it with "." He was a rather nervous person whichaccounts for his not quite knowing what hewas talking about. Money he couldn't havehad, or it's not his own and may at any mo- ment be switched away from him, so what'sits value ? A man, to do anything worthwhile, must do it off his own bat." Oh yes, he outlined a scheme whichseemed a fairly good scheme for establishinga sound theatre in London it seemed agoodish scheme to me, because it was theone 1 had proposed in print somewhere backin 1912-13, and he had actually rememberedit. This being 1929, it also seemed to mea little old-fashioned, but probably well abreastof the times for this enthusiast I do wishI could remember his name ", and Mr. Craigwent to the door of his studio and, callingout to his assistants who work on the floorbelow—," ... Tell me!... What was the chap whoplayed me the usual trick the Londonchap ? "A fountain of sound swept up in reply.I caught at least thirty names, all bobbingup and down in a bubble of laughter. Thena final, small, voice piped, " Was it Mr.Smythe ? "At which Mr. Craig, thoroughly delightedto remember, coughed and said, " How manythere are to-day on the swindle in the Londontheatre world ", as he quietly closed the doorand returned to me and to more serious talk." Quite seriously ", he said " I do forgetthese fellows because to remember a trick- ster is to remember his trick and that'snot fair on the theatre. I prefer to forget itand him "." But you were going to produce Hamletand Macbeth in London you say -"Yes, and I am still going to do both atthe first opportunity "." When, and with whom ? "" When I can't say. With whom I can.With some sound actors and myself. Nopartnership is possible with any but these.You recall St Just's saying, Confidence isworthless when shared with worthless men.So all I need is a few fine actors and actres- ses and there are more to-day than therewere five years ago the younger people areremarkable ". " But you will have your theatre in Lon- don ? "" I can't possibly say. But I may askwhy not ? Has " that Mr. Sniythe got holdof all of them ? Isn't there one left over inthe north, the east, or the south ? By theway, it's odd, talking of Smythe, did youever hear of Robinson ?" Why, of course ", I said, " What ofhim ? What about him"Nothing, only its old Rubinsohn again ,and Mr. Craig chuckled as though he hadreally made a discovery "." And don't you like the Jewish invasionof the theatre ?" I asked." Fact is ", he replied, " I was a rabidanti-semite once, and it was only when I dis- covered that all the best men I know wereJews, though I'd taken them for years for de- vout Christians, that I witheld my hand andceased my destructive work. " No more mas- sacre of the innocent ones for me ", 1 saidto myself. I can't believe that these, myJewish friends, are rapacious, cruel, lying,hideous, and without souls, for they are kind- ness itself to me and seem to be all that slovely though I secretly hope that they arethe other thing now and again "." But what has all this to do with thetheatre ? he stopped suddenly and asked." Jews bring us their talent, and take verylittle. What do they take ? Now what dothey really take ? Our money ? On thecontrary, they even bring us some of that more than they take "." It's the Christian who takes all from thestage the Christian disguised as a Jew sothat he shall get back into Scotland unnoticed.The Christian who works the stage for whatit is worth is a good fellow too in his cruelway he's rather hard on some of the Jewsbut he's not as intelligent as Ike ".Listen to this ", and Craig has turnedon the immortal (to me infernal) " I can'tgive you anything but love ".Don't you like it ? " he said, beamingat me.Frankly, I don't " I said a bit sharply.Craig looked positively hurt. " But itsmodern ", he said. " it's the thing the boysand girls love. They begin dancing whenthey hear the band striking up with this. Inthe Cafe Royal, I heard it and I asked, ' What'sthat tune ? It's sweet ? '; they told me but I for- got all about it, till at the Cafe Angleterre,in Paris, I heard it again. " What s thatthey are playing ?" Next day, 1 bought arecord for my Pathe Twin. So tnat whenI got to Copenhagen, two months later, andSignor Gilio Oerola struck up this piece,playing it as it ought to be played, I knewall about it. And now you tell me you don'tlike it. You're out of touch with to-day.You're prejudiced and rather feehngless .As Mr Craig went on hurling all sortsof unkind things at me because I hatedthis modern tune, I began to realise what itwas people quarrelled with him about. Itreally resolves itself into this they hatehim for speaking the truth. He laughs whiledoing so, but it stings all the same.Determined to try to get at him, 1 venturedon, " Why do you antagonize everyone, MrCraig ? "" Do I ? " he asked." You certainly do ", I replied." How do I do it ? " he asked andhe was quite sincere in his query I couldfeel it.*' Why, you hurt people "."I ? " he cried, half bellowing it, halfwhispering it."Yes why, you hurt me over thissilly tune "." But it's not a silly tune and if you'recruel to the writer of it, and speak of whatI like unkindly of course I'll defend him andit and in doing so I may hurt you or ra- ther this is truer you may get hurt "." But I don't hurt people who haven't firststabbed me or someone I like or somethingI like Never!" And his voice had theold, Ellen Terry ring in it.Hearing it I knew him to be speakingtrue." But would you not bring all your pro- jects to flower if you were dare I say it more tacful ? "" Oh, you seer ! " he cried at once, " Youare terrible in your discernment terrible! "And he began to laugh again." Yes, I could have brought twenty littleschemes to flower, as you say, by the sneak- ing use of that degenerate thing called tact.But I have brought my idea to flower justbecause I didn't use tact. Which is worthmost, an idea or twenty little schemes ? Well,now that the idea has flowered, the fruit will be ripe quite soon. But I hold the ladderto the fruit, and there's not a soul can scalethat tree unless I wish it. Any offers ?and Mr Craig turned on Chopin's Etudein G sharp minor." Whenever I hear that piece," said he," 1 am reminded somehow of the most se- rious things that have ever been said. It'ssomething which stops me talking and doinganything. Ail I can do is to say to myself,So it is . . . the deaths of dear friends and of those who have to die, of our ownpassing all is in that piece, not gloomilysaid, but said all the same. And as nearlyall my friends have been artists, and thosewho have died have all of them died withtheir best work unwritten, unacted, and un- built, their dearest schemes unsupported andthereby uncreated unborn, it is a very gravepiece of music to me. You who come here to ask me questions, will you answer onequestion for me ? "" 1 will try ", I answered, feeling a littlenervous at once.There was a very long pause and then," What is the time ? " he asked." Five minutes to one ", 1 said, quicklylooking at my wrist watch and happy that 1had got off so easily." It's no such thmg", he replied. " It'sfive minutes past Mussolini and forthis reason time for Europe to wake up andstop killing every worth-while idea. "It was perfectly plain to me as I walkedback to the Principe Station in Genova thatGordon Craig must have his theatres, schools,journals, and the rest given him by somewoman rich enough to appreciate them andhim for no man could possibly be so sensible. I'm a woman myself. THETHEATREISIRRESISTIBLE:ORGANIZETHETHEATRE MATTHEW ARNOLD GRAMOPHONISM. D. P. 44 TO BE EASIER PLAYED ON THAN A PIPE ".Shakespeare. IT has of course occurred to you why Waldteufel becameso popular fifty years ago. You heard him where ?On organs, at concerts, at balls, may be fairly often ; buthe only become intensely popular when he was playedin the circus for horses to prance to and in restaurantsfor the dishes to enter to and to exit with.%WHAT a voice - lovely and ridiculous, and with nosmall talent for singing a song ; touching, and asoriginal as she is ridiculous. So is Miss Kane.The best thing of hers I have heard recorded on theGramophone is 44 Don't be like thatH. M. V.; B.2977.A grand record, also H. M. V., is the Concerto fortwo violins in E. Minor, Bach, played by Kreisler andZimbalist. D. B. 587 and 560.On the reverse of 588 we have Tchaikovsky's An- dante cantabile Op. 1 1 perfectly played by Kreisler andsurely recorded by the Gramophone Company as perfectly.A big chasm separates Bach and Tchaikovsky withKreisler from little Miss Kane.But what a blessing that every chasm has its two sidesand sometimes more.HELEN Kane is a queer being she sings in Ame- rica she'll soon be singing all over the shop. Bythe way, I suggest that that old song which made LittleTich famous would suit Little Helen Kane ; she's quitelittle too, I'm told.I mean the song in which come the lines :—-Put me in my little bedSure to fall out on my headIn one placeI never could stopI Was here there every whereAll over the shop.She would do it famously.But she has made herself famous already after theusual years of uphill drudgery by singing 44 That's myweakness now ". And listening to her on the Gramophonesoon reveals a number of good things.But she is stilted the machinery show's a little tooclearly : that incessant lingering on the 44 but " which endsthe second line of each verse is tedious, and the othersudden stops ; and while Miss Kane is amongst the bestsingers in giving out word for word as clearly as wordsshould sound, she is a bit behind the very best in nothiding how she does it.The same afternoon as I listened to Miss Kane I waslistening to Paderewsky play a well known Etude by Cho- pin I had never heard him before.Paderewsky in playing is as precise as any musicteacher in a girls' school would require he plays accordingto the rules, note for note clearly struck; but he hidesit all in the most perfect manner with perfect manners.This it is which makes him Paderewsky.And it is this Miss Kane has to learn.Some comedians have the art, and she should studyhow they smooth the rough edges.Miss Kane has some tones in her voice which every- one must love because they are so lovely but thatis her heritage : she won't need to be told that can t belost; but she does need to be told that, since she has someart in her and a good deal of technical skill, she needsnow only to use her commonsense and not exaggerate,not listen to advice from men and women who hangaround theatres, gramophone studios or talkies, butstop and think for herself train herself a little by lis- tening to a few Paderewsky and Kreisler records, byreading a good deal, and by studying the finest low co- medians of the age the quietest.But for all this some of this song reveals lovely thingsand I don't wish to seem ungrateful, especially that out- burst at the beginning 44 Love Love Love Love ".Then the 4£ oh my oh me ", and the fall in thevoice and the 44 Weakness now " and the 44 oh let it rain... let it pour ".Nothing lovelier has been heard for years.Oh these comedians and comediennes. Think ofYvette, of Bert Williams, of the dancer, ...I forget hisname... who danced like water flowing in 44 BlackBirds ", Cochran's review ; of Petrolini; ...it is these co- mic people who are such great artistes, who almost savethe legitimate stage as it lumbers along to perdition or worse.... to nothing. CORRESPONDENCE DESIGNS FOR "MACBETH" GORDON CRAIG. MY dear Semar,It's not that I don't want to send you some of theoriginal sketches for Macbeth to reproduce in the Quarterly44 Mask it's only that I can't get at them.They are in Genova, packed away ; I am not yetarrived there*. So your rivals 44 The Theatre ArtsMonthly " and the 44 Littlehampton Theatre Gazette " andthe other twenty or thirty offspring of 44 The Mask " mustall be allowed to show off my designs in their pagesbefore 44 The Mask" may: that's quite as it should be:as it always is, was and ever will be.Don't let that fash you.I shall send you before long some designs whichhave appeared in no other journal : perhaps one or twofor Macbeth which I didn't send over to America.Yours sincerely BOOK REVIEWS. BYRON, THE LAST JOURNEY,by Harold Nicolson. Constable &amp; Co.Price 7/6, (new edition).MEET MR. MULLINER, by P.G. Wodehouse. Tauchnitz Edition.Leipzig. Price / Mark 80. BOOKS are expensive things.It is not of the publishers I wouldcomplain their item of the wholebill is only trifling : ... it's the authorswho are so costly.Books are expensive things to takeout to supper.I had with me last night MilordByron, Mr. Nicolson and Mr. P. G.Wodehouse and you can't take themto any but the best restaurant in thetown it can't be done. And oncethere it has to be a swagger supper.There they are all together andpossibly for the one and only time withme, and all such good company, be- sides being authors who agree in allessentials.That's how it becomes so expensive.Nicolson I had never met before,Wodehouse often, Milord over andover again. 1 never felt that I gotMilord wrong, ...I always seemed tosee him and through him, and so itwas to me a perfectly delightfulevening to find Nicolson knew himeven as well as I did. Wodehousemerely entertained us all ...Milordwas in fits over his 44Came the Dawn"44 Came the Dawn " was the catch- word of the evening. 44 Yes Camethe dawn " said Byron coldly with amost divine look on his face, and thenhe looked bang at Wodehouse.44 What a lark " some unseen spiritseemed to be humming in the room asthe violins played and what a joyit really was.I all alone, and Lord 8., Nicol- son and P. G. W. with me.I let the bill run up : would itcould have been quadrupled, I readsome. of each of them ; the marvellous44 then throw Mr. Mulliner out" the delicious 44 It was already darkwhen Lord and Lady Blessington ar- rived at Genoa " ; the illuminating 44 ofall the peculiarities of B. his laugh isthat of which I have the most distinctrecollection " : but that's by Hob- house— our dear, very dear Hobhouse,but the fact recorded is of our great, Ithink I will say, our very great Mi- lord—the poet Byron.I could no more 44 review ' ' Mr.Harold Nicolson's work after our jollyevening together than I could reviewhis face, his way, his walk. Thesethings are altogether beyond cold-brain- ed reviewing.He knows his Byron better thananyone else knows him and doeshim all honour.He has written perfectly about himin this 44 The last Journey, 1823-24".How often he has sat with him andwatched him so as to get under his skin,to know the real man so well that hecould afford to report lots of the rub- bish about him for the sake of theeffects, need but be supposed, as youread these delicious pages.The only thing which astounded,shocked, scandalized and puzzled eve- ryone almost all about LordByron was that he was such an ordi- nary human being. 44 The poetry isall thrown in" he says: 44My poetry don't speak of that that's done orto be done and there it is 44 skipyour dear uncle " I beg; but I amworth a look, a glance, solely becauseI am just a plain ordinary humanbeing and you, after all due apologiesand affectionate hesitations, damme,queer and most eccentric people ".This is what Lord Byron seemsto say under his breath, annd we maysafely add aloud 44 You who lookedat him, judged, approved and disappro- ved were - certainly not much to writehome about You were eccentricand a bit mad all of you ; he sane....essentially balanced. He human,you all of you any how inhuman;he himself ...he a 44 blood, bone, mar- row, feeling " fellow ; you appallinglyhard, frightened and not yourselves..Like Lady Blessington, you mud- dled yourselves about him by confu- sing him in your thoughts with hisheroes and villains. Like Mrs. Hunt,you even tried to be 4 clever ' withhim to his embarassment.Yes, you could embarass him, butyou could never get him to be cleverwith you. There are limits anda joke always is a joke.Mr. Wodehouse is the kind ofman, artist and writer who doesn't mindbeing passed over when Lord Byronis present (one doesn't forget himeither) but who would have cause to object if any lesser man queered hispitch.It would be hard for most writersto do that. Mr. Wodehouse has justthe same Byronic swing.Ease, and ability to top himselfwhen he's at his best, and we thinkhe can't do better than in his storiesabout 44 Mr Mulliner " which are thestories I am on to now.I like to say I bought his book.44 The Bishop's Move ", one of the ninetales in his 44 Meet Mr Mulliner ", howawfully good ; impossible to do itbetter.His sense of farce is perfect andhe carries farce to the very brink ofits possibilities and never wavers for aninstant.A dangerous delightful experienceit is to enjoy this author when he ison the war-path.44 Tell him we are a couple ofcats belonging to the cook* the Bishopwhispered " ; .... I see Lord Byronconvulsed. SHAKESPEARE IN SERBIA byVladeta Popovic. Humphrey MilfordOxford University Press. Price10/6 net. THIS book, published by the OxfordUniversity Press for the Shake- speare Association, throws much lighton the growth of interest in Shakespearein Serbia, on the history of the trans- lations of Shakespeare into Serbian,,with critical examination of these, andon the Serbian attitude towardsShakespeare, the whole being com- pleted by a Bibliography giving thedates and translators of the variousplays, a list of Serbian essays onShakespeare, and a further list ofprincipal works bearing on the subjectof the thesis.Mr. Popovic, in his Foreword,refers to two previous works on thesubject of Shakespeare in Serbia bytwo eminent Serbian critics and literaryhistorians: the late J. Skerlic, whosebook, published in 1906, dwells chieflyon the years 1856 to 1868, andProfessor Pavle Popovic, who, in hisarticle in English, 44 Shakespeare inSerbia " in 44 A Book of Homage toShakespeare gives a wider survey ofthe subject, enumerating the translatedplays of Shakespeare in Serbian,Croatian, and Slovenian literature, andsome essays and articles written aboutthe poet and his works. 4 4 Theirv/ritings ", he adds, 44 have served asa starting-point in my research on thegrowth of interest in Shakespeare imSerbia ". Mr. Popovic also explains that by44 Shakespeare in Serbia" he meanshere 44 Shakespeare among the Serbs,44 both those who before 1918 were44 under Austrian rule, and those who44 had their own kingdom. Although44 politically separated before 1918,44 their literature has always been oneMr. Popovic's work, which wasaccepted as a thesis for the Degree ofDoctor of Philosophy in the Universityof London in 1925, is a valuablecontribution to the books treating ofthe works of Shakespeare in otherlands, of which Dr. Lacy Collinson Mor- ley's study on Shakespeare in Italy, (I)was an outstanding example.The present volume proves that inSerbia Shakespeare has found an en- thusiastic public.When the plays were first introducedinto the country a national conscious- ness had but recently awakened inthe Serbs, and the translations of theEnglish dramatist aided them towardsan appreciation of the beauty andforce of their own mother-tongue,previously despised as the language ofthe vulgar, but which now seemed, as amedium for the transmission to themof these great plays, to assume a newpower and dignity.Previous to 1813, Mr. Popovictells us, the only performances of playsin Serbian were given in schools, butalready in that year public perfor- mances had been given in Budapestby and for the Serbians living there,and in 1861 the National Theatrewas founded in Novi Sad. Andaround this theatre, in 1864, 44 thefirst group of admirers of Shakespearewas gathered to celebrate the tercen- tenary of his birth ".In 1869 the National Theatre wasfounded in Belgrade, and from thattime there has been a steady progressin play-writing and theatrical production.It was in 1859 that the first fragmentof 44 Romeo and Juliet " appeared inSerbian, five of Schiller's plays andone of Voltaire's having been previouslytranslated, while translations followedfrom Goethe in 1864, Corneille in1871, Sophocles in 1872, Moliere in1879, /Eschylus and Racine in 1885and Ibsen in 1891. But Mr. Popovicemphasizes the fact that 44 no one ofthese dramatists has been so much andso many times translated as Shake- speare, not one of them so oftenproduced ", for the Serbs, as well asthe Croats and Slovenes, 44 have agenuine love of Shakespeare ". Relatively speaking, in fact, theinterest at present manifested inShakespeare in Serbia is at least asgreat as in England, .... which, if tothe credit of Serbia, is little to thecredit of England, so lethargic andhalf-hearted in regard to its greatdramatist.The Belgrade National Theatregives frequent and 44 very ambitiouslyproduced productions " of Shakespeare,to which as many spectators throng ascan find place ; in fact Shakespearein Serbia is played to full houses;and, although we may grasp to someextent the significance of this, the trueappreciation of the endeavours of theSerbs 44 to participate in the world- possession of Shakespeare " is, asMr. Popovic reminds us, 44 possibleonly when the circumstances of theirpolitical history and the developmentof their literature are taken into ac- count ".But what can England offer 44 tobe taken into account " as condoningits apathy in regard to these playswhich are part ....and a most superband vital part ....of their great inheri- tance as Englishmen ? (1) Reviewed in ** The Mask '* Vol. XIV,No. 2. TO THE PURE ...by MorrisL. Ernest and William Seagle.Viking Press. New York. Price$ 3.00. A NOTHER book presenting the case** against the censorship.It appears at a moment when Eng- land is interested in young ladieswho write books about a part of life(and which they take for the whole of it,since it is the part known best to them).Who is there but must have entiresympathy with these young ladies... whobut sees that their sincerity is genuine.It is not wrong to censor thesebooks but it's not too kind to encourageyoung ladies to write them. It isthat half-Hedged public which takesthe part for the whole which encou- rages these young writers to write andbe damned.Miss James's 44 The Sleeveless Er- rand " and Miss Radcliffe Hall's4 4 The Well of Loneliness " may ornot be censurable, but what is censu- rable is the inability of the censor tocontrol the public. Copies get outand wander round from pure person topure person.They don't want Mr. Morris L.Ernest's help even though Mr. Seaglehas helped Mr. Ernest.They and I want what we mustn'thave........ And You MR. JARDYNE by Gwen John.Basil Blackwell. Oxford. PriceIj~ net. MISS JOHN'S very small play whichshe calls 44 A mystery" is, likeall her work, delicate and with anidea in it.It would need very good actors toget this idea across the footlights.Acted in Liverpool at The Playhousein 1925, it probably did get across,and the playlet is still in that Thea- tre's repertory.Miss John could write a fine bigplay, I mean a good bit of a play,if she liked. lam prejudiced entirelyin my attitude towards Miss John.Let her watch Augustus slapping itin on his canvasses and then let herbegin to slap away with the inkpot.To be able to be so delicate is love- ly : all is possible:—and now allshe needs is to 44 fling along Sambo ". BOHEMIAN. LITERARY ANDSOCIAL LIFE IN PARIS by SisleyHuddleston. Harrap. Price 21 j- net. MR. Huddleston is qualified to giveus a book about the life andpersonalities of Bohemian and literaryand social Paris because, as he says,44 Many busy and not unsuccessfulyears have been spent in Paris in thecompany of artists and authors, minis- ters and ambassadors, actors and jour- nalists and social personages of all kinds,Bohemian and academic ; and I havea wealth of memories ".All that is a good preparation forwriting an entertaining book, and Mr.Huddleston has written one, full offacts and information in 442 well filledpages.He offers vivid little pictures of scoresof the great and the small personalities,of the Paris of the latter part of the19th and first quarter of the 20th cen- tury, and he has far from exhaustedhimself in this one volume, for he de- clares that 44 in selecting the materialfor the present Parisian Nights Enter- tainment I have remembered manyother things ... and since, like Schehe- razade, I must go on story-telling, thereis a long vista of other Parisian NightsEntertainments ahead ".Meantime he has given us plenty tocarry on with, ...memories of SarahBernhardt and Anatole France, ofMme. Rejane, and Yvette Guiibert,of Matisse, Monet, Picasso, Rodin,Andre Maurois, Mme. Curie, MarcelProust, Loie Fuller, George Moore,James Joyce, Gertrude Stein, AugustusJohn, Isadora Duncan and many more. He writes of the studios and thecafes and bars, of the cabarets andsalons, the bookshops and clubs ; ofthe day world and the night world,the world of work and the world ofplay. And he moves through it allwith geniality and kindliness, with in- telligence and tolerance and goodmanners.To Isadora Duncan he devotes achapter under the title of 44 The Tra- gedy of a Dancer ", and he spreadsthe apochryphal account given by someone obviously not Miss Duncan of theway in which she introduced GordonCraig to Madame Duse.I look forward to that further seriesof sketches of what the author calls44 thevariegated cosmopolitan Paris ' ... 44 a curious kaleidoscopic Paris thathas changed its morals and its mannersin this our Cocktail Epoch " such ashe evidently holds in store.But who can be 44 the great Italianactor Soldini " on page 429 ? I sup- pose I take it he was great,but who was he ?Anatole France, I take it now,was a bit of a fool. It is the firsttime I ever read anything about him.See how misleading good, jollygood, spanking fine, chatty books likethis one can be. And if that is not thefinest good reason for such books their best excuse to fool the peoplewho don't know, then some one mustbe at pains to explain what is theirreason for existence. THE ELIZABETHAN JIQ; andrelated Song Drama by Charles ReadBaskervill. University of ChicagoPress &amp; Oxford University Press.Price 22/6 net. LORY be to Charles Read Basker- vill, here is a book from whichthe words Commedia dell'Arte areexcluded. Yet it's all about the Jigand the stage and the gay times ofEliza. And about Picklehering too.Good egg good Charles ReadBaskervill, praise be to him not tohave uttered the now so popular shib- boleth, the Commedia dell'Arte. Hewas quite safe he felt, he could passalong without it.369 pages all about the Jig ; andabout 200 more filled with queer songs,amongst them the interesting 44 SingingSimpkin " which is but another versionof old Hans Sach's playlet which isbut a blithe tale from the 44 Decame- rone ".But why is not old Sachs men- tioned as having done a version ? eve- ryone else who had a shot at it is. It's the old tale of the man in the chestand the adroit woman and the swagger- ing soldier and not so stupid husband.Several old tunes are recorded.Quite a bit of a book and all aboutJigs:—" O' my dainty Cavalilly man,My finnikin Cavalilly man,For God's cause and the Protestants,I prithee le' me gang with thee, man ".She means Cavalier man, but sheof the 16th century was no less dri- veling when she liked than any other. THE FANFROLICO PRESS. THE FANFROLICO PRESS" of5 Bloomsbury Square produ- ces a lot of big books and some smallones, and seems to be making a verygreat success of it.One especially nice little piece ofprinting is the 3/6 d. book on WilliamBlake. Another good piece is the4 4 Parlement of Prattlers", which isthe first reprint of the old and littleknown volume of 1 593. This is pub- lished at 15/-.How these small books can bebrought out at so small a figure iswhat surprises us.The two volumes on Beddoes areamong the most interesting that thisPress has issued. This work is pre- faced by an essay written by SirEdmund Gosse shortly before his death. EDITORIAL NOTESAPRIL: MAY: JUNE ART AND R ÜBRISH . WE hate destruction; even thewholesale destruction, of mo- dern Art and Artists, is distasteful tous; so we mean well under this gravetemptation when we turn and renderone smile of affectionate respect to theshade of the scene-painter WilliamLloyd who on February 7, 1845, in asudden flare of illumination - as byinstinct on to the right track for a mo- ment hurled a heavy bit of basaltat that idiocy of all art and craft 44 ThePortland Vase " as it sat there irritatinghim in a glass case at the British Museum.He was fined £ 3 and the vase wasput together again by a drudge calledDoubleday who contrived to hide ail thejoins; —in over a hundred and twentypieces had Portland's vase fallenLloyd had hurled the basalt straight.He knew the pot wasn't worth theveneration it was some day to commandand he was right. But what vision!!!and what a shot.This patched affair this cobbledjar appeared at Christie's before abreathless audience on May 2nd andin this enlightened year of nineteenhundred and twenty-nine 29,000 gui- neas was solemnly offered for thesebits and as solemnly refused. Thesilly vase returns to the British Mu- seum so we learn.The thing had been guarded bypolice and detectives on its way to Christie's ; great secrecy was observed ;no one was to know what he knew,and, while at Christie's it had beendeposited in a special and secret safeunknown, they say, to even MessrsChristie : and it was indeed withdifficulty that on May 2nd anyonecould be found who remembered reallyever having seen the vase.44 Wot vase } " asked the PolicemanX of Policeman Y when the salesmencame down to the vaults to take itupstairs for H. R. H. the Prince ofWales to see. 44 No vase wot I knowsof " replied Policeman Y. to himself,and P. C. X. and the salesmen turnedaway lest they might overhear him.There was a delay of twenty-fiveminutes while the four men tried toremember what it was they were alltalking about and finally they re- membered 44 the rubbishy little thingover there " and P. C. X. pointed tothe urn which was wrapped in a bit ofnewspaper and on its side in the cornerof the room behind the paper basket.By this time the crowd upstairs hadbecome restless and some rough handlingtook place before the precious object ThePortland Vase could be unobservantlyconveyed from below into its case nearMr. McKenna's elbow and hammer.Mr. McKenna's admiration for thisbeautiful piece was the only genuineenthusiasm in that room. It was itsmoney he wanted, and he anticipatedat least £ 100,000 we believe. The joy of it all is this : that,given Mr. McKenna, a one pennypiece of the reign of George V. couldbe made to fetch £ 20,000 or more,provided Mr. McKenna could hit onthe right story.It's the ripe old rubbish whichpeople will pay for, not the lovely freshworks of arts of today's young artists.Well, good luck to those who havethe complaisance to be bamboozledand to refuse to admit any such thingas even faintly possible. Oh but howpleasant, easy and hellish ! A REALLYTxPEmivFI\HN. AT the end of 1918 David Belascoclosed his theatre for eight weeksrehearsals and spent £ 60,000 coveringthe boxes and orchestra stalls with steelso that he might produce a play called44 Mima " in which scenes to representHell were presented.It appears that Mr. Belasco tore outand scrapped the entire lighting systemof the theatre and installed a new one,and that the 44 whole stage collapsedin the most terrific moment that everhappened in a theatre ".But there is one satisfaction aboutthis sort of thing ; it refutes that fallacythat Craig's productions are terriblyexpensive and that he demands impos- sible conditions. So far as we knowhe has never spent a tenth part of sucha sum on any production.Irving, Reinhardt, and more of theproducers of plays have spent £ 10,000,£ 15,000, £ 25,000, and, as we see,£ 60,000 per piece. 44 The Miracle "as done in London cost £ 80,000. o RETROSPECT, o |N Paris lately the English Players, led* by Mr. Fred Stirling and Mr. FrankReynolds, announced the production ofan old play in the following words :Tonight and To-morrow at 8.4544 THE BELLS "Sir Henry Irving's Greatest Success.What is the next thing to say, wewonder ? It sounds sort of final, butwe hope not.Indeed, we hope that in future wemay read more announcements of oldtriumphs in the very latest of reclames. o CINEMA HA VOC. o MR. Justice Mackinnon on or aboutMarch 5th 1929, clearing histhroat, gave forth the following anathema:•• I HAVE ALWAYS REGARDEDTHE CINEMA INDUSTRY AS THE GREATEST MENACE THAT HASEVER ARISEN TO LITERATURE,ART AND CIVILISATION".We have had the good luck to saythis for the last six years or longer in" The Mask and presumably otherpeople have been thinking about it too,may be have even said it, and aresaying it still; but what we would liketo see is the Daily Paper saying it.Because the Daily Paper could sayit without offending and to the goodof humanity.The Cinema gives a joyous showwhen it gives us Fairbanks as D'Ar- tagnan ; it gives us lots of good thingsbesides and its uses are many. Oursole point is that to do this withoutbeing a menace to civilisation shouldbe surely possible : and this the Presscould long ago have made clear wasan essential if it were to win the lastingsupport of others.As it is IT seems a law to itself— supports itself and ruins the worldwithout any thought of anyone but itself.There are some things, of course,which die out if you leave them alone,and of course the great legislators, withtheir discernment, which is rarer thanso many other rarities, can sort outthe things which will die if left to theirown devices and those which need tobe killed off. But for our part weshould have thought that this was oneof the things to kill off quickly, lestall the legislators, with their discern- ment and all their mighty self-control,also get nipped in the bud. Who shouldsay ? Look ! METEORITE HAVOC.11.000 SQUARE MILESo DE 5 7,4 rEP . o A huge meteorite fell in Siberia* * in about the year 1908 and re- cently a certain Professor Kulik wentout to see what damage had been done.He discovered that a portion of theearth equal to the size of Belgium hadbeen flattened out and was dead, sothat it really does not matter a two- penny piece whether the cinema goeson or doesn't.While there is something over whicheven legislators can have no control,nor newspapers, nor nobody, it is pro- bably as well to look on the Cinemaas a very little nothing and to allowthis more or less non-existent thing itsfull liberty. #Ban, 'Ban, Cacaliban... LEGEND '^OW^AWAY. HEY may not know how to makeShakespeare plus Craig pay in London: that's their trouble. InAmerica they seem to have the swing.£ 5000 and more is being takenper week by Mr. Tyler with Shake- speare's 44 Macbeth designment byGordon Craig.44 Macbeth is being toured roundAmerica alone — no repertory — oneplay alone — a tragedy — a greatone.... and the draw is Craig.So 44 the terror of the EnglishStage " as Gordon Craig has beendescribed over and over again, isn't aterror financially.So a part of the legend is blownaway. o QUERY...? o WHEN are they going to stop cal- ling parts 4 4 straight " parts inLondon ? Any more stupid way ofspeaking about an ordinary part is in- conceivable. They talk of Delysiaplaying in 44 straight " comedy. Whaton earth is 44 straight " comedy ?Of course the professional peopleuse the word, ...presumably they useit; but why the critics and paragraphwriters should farm it out to the publicwe don't know. oNOTI C E. o VY/ILL some kind German inform* * us of a late 18th Century Planof Berlin which is handsome and in- teresting like those of Rome, LondonParis and Venice issued during theselast years by " The Mask " ?We want to issue such a plan ofBerlin the Berlin Frederick theGreat left behind him.We can't find a good enough plan,and so we must appeal to some onein Berlin, Leipzig or Weimar to help us. o THE MASK (sotto voce). o 44 I 'HAT Theatre Arts Monthly con- -44 tinues to appear regularly44 (which is more than I do), is as44 elegant and interesting as ever, a44 charming creature. Drops occasional44 compliments to me so that I shall44 overhear them besides... what44 eyes... Altogether I'm not sure that44 I'm not madly in love with Theatre44 Arts Monthly.44 It would be like me to propose44 marriage and get refused.44 But what an enchanting little44 imitative creature she is, to be sure.44 Hmmmmm.... I think I'll go to44 Savile Row and order a new mor~44 ning coat ". LAST WORDS. ON TALKING SHOP. Marcel de Tours. ()NE of the foremost younger actresses oftoday, Miss Marda Vanne, lingering fora while on the amusing thought of how stu- pid members of the public might and do findit to listen to people talking shop, took up thenotion and in a paper patted around a bitwith some fistified phrases many of whichtold heavily.I read the article and fell flat.For I had always held that it was thedullest of dull things to hear shop talked.But shop to a lady of intelligence doesn'tmean what you and I mean. We mean du- cats she meant mischief.She would listen to some shop-talk twixtReinhardt and Craig : she pulled both theirlegs in saying so and both artists I havebeen told wrote to her at once so as to showoff their powers in the way of small talk ofthe Theatre.Craig's letter was, I am told, all figures ;Reinhardt*s theoretical and emotional.As a matter of fact in England artists,when they meet, rarely talk shop theytalk about the weather and the things they'vejust seen or heard of, and are as chatty asany 44 Beachcomber ", only the chat is nothalf as intelligent.Did they in the 16th century, I wonder,talk better and talk more shop } I dare saythey didn't but they could have done:but so far as I can find out no artist in thosedays had any time to devote to talking : hewas there to work, not to enjoy himself atthe world's expense. The world became dis- satisfied with things and stopped his pay andfinally gave him his liberty, and that has ledto the lovely amount of talk that he has putover on to the silly creature.I was talking to a gardener the other dayand couldn't get a darned word out of him :gardeners haven't had their job taken fromthem so they can't enjoy a good talk.Cabmen can talk, but the horse can'tand for the same reason. Chauffeurs can talkbut they don't enjoy it; it's part and parcelof their dangerous work ; they keep up a run- ning fire of brilliantisms all the time even asthey run you into the Loire and out again.It's like the whirl of the wheels and theaction of the cylinders a bit of the ma- chinery.Consider too, they talk and act dan- gerously, these men, and land you safe andsound at your destination. If they took care,talked with care and behaved carefully, you'dbe dead in five minutes. Did that ever occurto you ?But now I'm talking shop for I, ...I'm a chauffeur, THE COMMON TOUCH.PROGRAMMES &amp; HANDBILLS J.B. PASSING through Paris, London and Berlin,I collected a handful of theatrical announce- ments or programmes of each town, and ongetting home and laying these out along thefront of a sofa one thing prominently asser- ted itself.This is, the commonness of the Englishadvertisements, the good taste of the Germanones, and the brightness of the French.Taken all in all, the French are the best.The English are far and away 'the worst,the touch all over the thing is a common one.If a semi-nude girl is drawn on a French programme it is a pretty little thing ; on theEnglish it simply becomes thirty times com- moner than the commonest chorus girl in oneof the cheapest theatres.Take, for example, a thing called the StollHerald, a thing of eight pages telling us aboutRose-Marie, Clearing the Decks, Harold Lloydand other Stoll attractions.A jumping bar-maid drawn on the frontpage is about the cheapest piece of colour- printing that you could find. I don't meanthat it cost little, for it probably cost eighttimes what Mr. Bati's coloured cover did. His,for the Theatre de I'Avenue, is attractive be- cause the design is by Holy. The programmecost Frs. 2.50.Again, the Victoria Palace, of which themanaging directors are Sir Alfred Butt andMr. R. H. Gillespie, announcing the perfor- mances of Owen Nares and Ella Retfordand the Victoria girls, (trained by the way,by Mrs. Rodney Hudson) ; that too is a cheapbit of goods. It shows a grinning girl in acommonplace costume with the usual com- monplace ribbons all over and she is pointingto Heaven with the finger. She is supposedto represent something English and the colourprinting is supposed to represent something firstclass in craftsmanship. It looks a costly pieceof work, but that is all.Next comes the London Coliseum card incolour, which certainly might be worse. Thatis the very best that can be said about it.After that, a postcard advertising " Plun- der "* and one advertising Hicks and his wifeat the Lyceum. The last shows us two char- ming portraits and for this reason is quiteright, but the 44 Plunder " could again hardlybe worse.It is not a question of not employing ar- tists to do it, because there is such a markedantipathy to art and artists that it stands toreason that none could be ever employed todo those things in England. All I wouldhumbly ask is this : how the dickens do theysuppose any decent printing can be done any decent reclame at all unless artists areemployed ? And whatever the answer is, andit is sure to be a silly one, the fact remainsthat, if other nations can do it, the Englishtheatrical firms which don't do it are reallybehind the times in their passion for the overdisplay of an old if particular kind of ignorance.Certainly in Paris the " Theatre du MoulinBleu " provided a fearful design in awful co- lours to decorate its programmes, price 2 francs,and the Cirque d' Hiver colour programmecoyer is rubbish. The Fratellini brothers areartists so I hope they see this note and askM. G. Desprez their Directeur General whatthe devil he means by it. Paris is swarmingwith brilliant young artists willing to makethe Fratellini a design for 500 francs, andwhy less, since a first-class design will bringinto the house at least 50,000 francs worthof people who would keep out of it becauseof the rotten design now being used.The prices of these French programmes isworth a moment's attention.Cirque d'Hiver, full of advertisements, 1.50 fr.Theatre du Moulin Bleu " 2.00 fr.Folies Bergeres " 3.00 frs.Theatre de l'Avenue " 2.50 frs.If a programme is to cost the public any- thing it should be at any rate a decent offe- ring for the 6d. paid.The idea of packing it with advertisementswhich have no connection with the show or theDrama is of course to help the public • 44 the public want it ". All talk. The public don't want it. TALKIES PEOPLE are beginning to argue hotly overthe Talkies.These same Talkies have but begun torumble: afar off this immense vulgarity hasuttered a gurgle and given birth to its firsthiccough.Instantly dandies have leapt forward ex- plaining it to the multitude through the co- lumns of the classy journals. Ihe hiccough hasstyle, we are told; 'tis a good hiccough—theywish us well of the hiccough, and so on.But, dearly beloved blackguards, it wasa hiccough, wasn't it, so admit it.But it's a trifle to what is to come.Silent, the Film had but terrible eyesand claws with which to terrify us : but nowit can play with the vowels, think of what abutcher's bill there'll be for us to pay. NOT AS OTHER MEN. Poems. By JOHN DRINKWATER.Selected by the Author for theTauchnitz Edition. IV.-4853.This selection from the works of oneof the most eminent of modern Englishpoets has been made by John Drinkwaterespecially for the Tauchnitz Edition, inwhich his name appears for the first time.Averse to mysticism and decadence, hestands for all that is sane and pure on thisearth, for which he is imbued with deep &gt;love and reverence. It has been said of Jhim, that he lives in our times without!being of them. [ HIS is a facsimile, (save for the under- lining which is mine), of one of the announ- cements found on the covers of Tauchnitzvolumes.The particular volume on which it happen- ed so unfortunately to alight was that sanework by Mr. PG. Wodehouse entitled 44 MeetMr. Mulliner ". I do not know a work ofpurer fun, nor one imbued with deeper loveand reverence for this earth. Yet Mr. Wode- house, one presumes, is of our times as wellas living in them.I would give much to know for certainwho penned the above tribute to Drink water'ssanity, purity, deep love and reverence.For concentrated affectation it is a longtime since 1 have read anything as priggishas this.So Drinkwater, while forced by circum- stances to live in the same epoch as Hous- man, lE, Beerbohm, Kipling, Barrie, Gals- worthy, Bennett, W. B. Yeats, Mason andthe rest, is not of them is not as one ofthese.Can you beat it ?