Bruno's Weekly 2 7 February 12th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-02-12_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 2 7 Lincoln as seen by the Cartoonists of his time Illustration 1 I do the very best I know how, Abraham Lincoln cre 3 Lincoln As Seen By the Cartoonists of His Time Guido Bruno cre 3-7 From "Vanity Fair," May 9, 1861. Illustration 5 Wonderful Surgical Operation Performed by Doct. Lincoln on the Political Chang and Eng. Political Chang., J. B.— Political Eng., J. G. B.— From "Vanity Fair"", November 3, 1860. Illustration 5 Prof. Lincoln In His Great Feat of Balancing From "Vanity Fair," March 23rd, 1861. Illustration 4 Our Great Iceberg Melting Away From "Vanity Fair" March 9th, 1861. Illustration 6 A War Song 7 The Side Splitter 7 Three American Birthdays 8 As I Walk Out On the Street Cat-Paw cre 8 Yes, Hall of Fame. Bread? No M. Clemm cre 9-10 The Old Ass Guido Bruno cre 10 Boulevard St. Michael Murray Sheehan cre 10 Germany's Angel 11 Rplated Platitudes Julius Doerner cre 11 The Poet 11 Edgar Allan Poe Joseph Lewis French cre 11 Books and Magazines of the Week 12-13 Hippolyte Havel About the Village Hippolyte Havel cre 14-15 In Our Village 15 Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre 16 To Clara Tice W. J. Lampton cre 16 Hats, by Fritz Schnitzler. Illustration 17 Untitled Image Illustration 17 The Other Woman Blanche Katherine Carr cre 17 The Story of Oscar Wilde's Life and Experience in Reading Gaol His Warder cre 17-18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents February 12th, 1916W.&amp;G. ( opyright February 12th, 1916. Original matter, including alldrawings, may not be reproduced without permission ofGuido Bruno; but that permission may be assumed if credit isgi,yen to author and Bruno's Weekly. If you wish to get acquainted with Bruno's beforeyou decide to become a subscriber, send twenty-five centsin stamps and you will receive five back numbers of thisjournal, which prints stories, pictures and articles you cannotread anywhere else.BRUNO'S WEEKLY, 58 Washington Square, N. Y. C. READERS OFAre Asked To BecomeSUBSCRIBERS 4 ■52 Issues Two Dollars BRUNO'S WEEKLY Edited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 7 FEBRUARY 12th, MCMXVI Vol.II. Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Be courteous to your creditors.—Abraham Lincoln. BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY THE LITTLE GIRL: (while she undergoes the much disliked pro- cedure of having her hair brushed in the morning by her mother)"What makes my hair crackle every morning, Mother?"MOTHER: "It's the electricity in your hair, dear."THE LITTLE GIRL: "How funny, Mama! I have electricity intny hair, and Grandma has gas in her stomach." BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Concluded) BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 WashingtonSquare, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Application for entry as second-class matter at the Post Office of NewYork pending. Lincoln as seen by theCartoonists of his time Abraham Lincoln. I do the very best I know how,the very best I can and mean tokeep doing so 'til the end. If theend brings me out all right, what issaid against me won't amount to anything. Lincoln As Seen By the Cartoonists ofHis Time Guido Bruno From "Vanity Fair," May 9, 1861. Wonderful Surgical OperationPerformed by Doct. Lincoln on the Political Chang and Eng.Political Chang., J. B.—Political Eng., J. G. B.—From "Vanity Fair"", November 3, 1860. IpHE caricature of to-day will be the historical mirror of thepast for the future generations.Small peculiarities in seemingly small and unimportant things,manners of speech and of gesture, habits of dress and the hobbydiversion of men in the limelight of every-day life are indica- tive of their character.The cartoonist sees and observes and preserves in his sketchesand drawings what the ablest writer cannot express in words.We study the life history of great men in the writings of his- torians and in the essays ot men who deemed the subjectworthy for their pen. But not only a much better understand- ing could we gain by studying the results of momentary impres- sions received by the caricaturist with his quick-catching eyebut we could find also many missing links not supplied byhistory chronicles in the oftimes abruptly successive sequenceof happenings. The caricaturist can bring us an understandingfor this or that element in the character of a man and makeus see the logic in hitherto obscure situations or startling oc- currences.Every man, woman or child knows the kind and grave fea- tures of President Lincoln. With reverence and love they gazeinto the serious, manly eyes, wherever his portrait is seen.The same men and women notice daily the cartoons in ournewspapers. Many a hearty laugh and many an indignant wordwere provoked through the cartoonists' oftimes grotesque con- ception of candidates during presidential campaigns.But it is more than doubtful that any of the readers of thenewspapers of to-day have ever considered that Lincoln mighthave been the target of the caricaturist during his time, justas Roosevelt or Taft or' Wilson have been in our time. Eventhe thought of a ridiculed Lincoln they would brand sacrilege.In the caricatures of pioneer American cartoonists, it re- quires no magnifying glass to discern immediately the importanttraits of Lincoln's character. He is seen always the same man, even when ridiculed by the cartoonist of the eastern journalhostile to Lincoln's political cause. There were ever presentbeneath the burlesque of the caricaturist the grave seriousness,the unbound trust in providence, in God, in his fellow man,the sanctity of his once given word and his love of doing whatthe candidate promised to trusting voters before his election.The art of caricature in America is not a very old one.Looking back perhaps two centuries, we are surprised at theunartistic, rude attempt by the cartoonist to express humor.The days of the Rebellion and the big days of reconstructionwhich followed, moved the caricaturists to sketching their ideas,but these were expressions of unfair animosity, partial and sec- tional, and lacked art or humcr.The comic paper as an American institution was unknown.Scores of periodicals, that claimed the title, had been started OLD ABE—Ain't there a nice crop?There's the hardy Bunker Hill flower,the Seventh Regiment pink, the Fire- boy tulip—that tricolored flower growsnear Independence Hall—the WesternBlossoms and Prairie Flowers will soonbegin to shoot.COLUMBIA—What charming plant isthis ?OLD ABE—That is rare in this country—it will bloom shortly and bear theJeffersonia Davisiana. but they were universally short lived, generally on account oftheir triviality. They represented nothing,—an essential to evena comic paper—and they had no reason for existence. Theywere at best mere imitations of French or German periodicalsand did not appeal to American taste.It was not until Keppler adapted the vigorous and expressiveart of the German school to American ideas that the comic paper assumed its legitimate place in American journalism.Keppler was an Austrian, had traveled extensively in his nativecountry and had aspired in the early part of his life to becomean actor. In Vienna he was a contemporary of the great trage- dians of the time at the Royal Play-house, the "Burg-theatre," and he toured Europe and America with theatrical companies.He landed in the New World in 1872 and it was he who startedthe first comic paper of this country, "Puck," primarily in St.Louis and later in company with the genial Adolph Schwartz- man in New York.One of the forgotten comic papers of the early sixties is"Vanity Fair." Only a very few copies of this publicationsurvived the destructive years of the war. The very limitedcirculation, which this weekly had, makes it very doubtfulwhether there are many duplicates of the seven volumes issued,in existence. The historical societies of New York and Chicagoare not in possession of a complete set, but have only a fewodd numbers.Very little is known about "Vanity Fair." The first numberof the weekly, published in quarto on sixteen pages, appearedin the year 1859. It expired gently in December, 1862.Its contributors did not affix their names to their articlesbut employed queer pen names; it is not impossible that one ortwo men were responsible for the literary contents. Bobbett-Hopper was the cartoonist, the author of nearly every cari- cature published during the life of "Vanity Fair."Many good things can be found there among insignificantproducts. The caricatures of Lincoln and many of the countlessanecdotes, paragraphs and verses to and about him, while signifi- cant and' typical of the time, are mostly unknown.The cartoons we reproduce will be easily understood by thosewho know the history of the sixties and early seventies. Thenames of the subjects are now framed in history.The truth of Lincoln's philosophy, reproduced above as a mottoof this article, is proved by the history of the United States.In bas relief his name stands out, esteemed by all who re- vere the founders of their native country. Abraham Lincoln is the greatest American of the nineteenthcentury chiefly for the same traits of his character and themethods employed by him in private life as well as in theservice of his country, which were ridiculed in the contempor- ary cartoons reproduced in these pages. Prof. Lincoln In His Great Feat of BalancingFrom "Vanity Fair," March 23rd, 1861. Our Great Iceberg Melting AwayFrom "Vanity Fair" March 9th, 1861. A War Song Mr. Augustus Snipes, late of the Journal of Commerce,rather flatters himselfthat when a model for aWar Song is desired, the following will beabout the martial go:QOUE draw your triggers,And fight for your niggers,Though nobody cares to disturb 'em!These pestilent fleasMust vote as we please,Or, by Johnny Calhoun, we'll curb 'em!For the ballot and boxLet us substitute knocks;Hard knocks, and sweet stringing dry knocks!Though we're rich in assets,Yet we won't pay our debtsTo a parcel of pestilent Shylocks.O we rise as we think onThat scamp, Abram LINCOLN,That beastly, belligerent Bucker!O we swear all togetherTo tar and to feather,Provided we catch him, the Sucker!Then seize all your rifles,And don't stand for trifles,Like fratricides, burglaries, treasons!So comrades! all come,And in ramrods and rum,We have five hundred excellent reasons!From "Vanity Fair," June 15th, 1861. The Side Splitter (From "Vanity Fair " July 6, 1861.)MR. LINCOLN, we shall find this compromise movement a hardthing to get through," said Chase, confidentially, as they sattogether cracking nuts and jokes."Never mind,'' replied merry old Abe, "I've had to get throughmany of knotty points in my days.""Ho, ho," chuckled the dignified Secretary of the Treasury, hold- ing his ribs. "Really, Mr. Lincoln, you ought to be called the side- splitter." Three American Birthdays "TTIE month of February has the distinction of being the birthmonth of those three American citizens whose namesrepresent to the world all that's big and sublime in our country.Very little outside of geography is being taught in the conti- nental public schools about America. But even the Hottentotchildren in the mission schools of Africa and the little Moslemswho occasionally visit the open school meetings of the howlingdervishes in Turkey know that Washington was the father ofthis country, who liberated the original English colonies fromthe inhuman yoke of their oppressors. They know the nameof Abraham Lincoln, who really brought about the ideals setdown in the Declaration of Independence: making equal inrights those that were equally born. They know Thomas A.Edison, who liberated mind from the limitations of space andlifted us far above the primitiveness which had hampered theworld since its creation.Washington, Lincoln and Edison are the three names whichinspire the immigrant who comes hopefully to the shores ofthe country of his new choice. They are a demonstration adoculos of what possibilities America opens up for everybodywho has something to give. And while the Americans whohave been naturalized for six or eight generations are proudlycelebrating the birthdays of their greatest fellow-citizens, hu- manity at the same time all over the world is being inspiredwith new hopes and new promises for a new and for a betterand for a more appreciated life in America. As I Walk Out On the Street Cat-Paw A long row of automobiles lines the curb of the north side ofWashington Square. The canvas canopy which protects menand women in evening dress from their auto to the door of themansion on the corner of Fifth Avenue indicates that there isa reception in this patricial New York home. Lackies in liveryopen the limousines and assist the newcomers in descending tothe red velvet carpet which covers the sidewalk.And I walk on to the Square. The snow is muddy and littlerivers of an ugly fluid make walking difficult. On a wet benchwith a clouded firmament as far-away canopy stretchedover it, is seated a man. His hands are deep in his pockets.His coat collar turned up, his knees and legs close together—he must be cold. A man in blue livery with shining brassbuttons strolls up from somewhere out in the dark. He ap- proaches the man on the bench. He assists him to the nearbypolice station. Yes, Hall of Fame. Bread? No M. Clemm. (Here is a letter of Marie Clemm, mother of Poe's wife, whoshared good and bad days with the Poe couple and who sur- vived both for almost twenty-five years. She was the only nearrelative of Poe and surely it should have been she if there wasanybody to profit by the literary remains of America's first poet.Like hyenas were the Griswolds and their kind waiting to tearall that was left after the poet's death to shreds, to take physicalpossession of his literary remains. Publishers, moving-pictureconcerns have made millions in commercialising the stories andpoems which never afforded poor Poe a bare living. And eventoday are gentlemen "of letters" who without blushing claim theownership to copyrights to poems of Edgar Allan Poe.)Baltimore, Dec. 12, 1864.My very dear friend:I received yours of the Bth, and I assure you the money en- closed (the so much needed) did not gratify me as much asyour kind sympathy. Oh! how grateful to my desolate heart isa kind word. When you again see Mr. Lewis thank him mostsincerely for me, tell him I will be so pleased if he will writeto me. I am very happy to hear he is well and in good spirits.I am now writing with a large blister on my chest, whichwill be an apology for this brief letter. I have not anythingof dear Eddie, but a few mutilated letters. I have been obligedin many instances to send part of those much cherished lettersto kind friends who wished to have something he had written.Mrs. John P. Kennedy called on me a short time since, at therequest of her husband, to solicit me for some of his manu- script. But alas! I have nothing more of his to give. Mr.Longfellow wrote to me a short time ago, for two of hisautographs, as he wished to send them to a distinguished ladyin Europe. I was obliged to get them from a friend, as allthat I had was given away. If my beloved ones can look downfrom Heaven, they will thank and bless you for your kindnessto the mother whom they loved. Do not for one moment thinkI wish to impose on your generosity, but if you can interesta few of your friends to send me a couple of bottles of wine,and a few oranges, or anything you think will be proper for apoor invalid I will be truly thankful. Oh! since I have beensuffering so much how much I have wished for some littledelicacy, for the food I get here is extremely plain and verylittle of it. While I was in Virginia, Mr. Lewis sent me a boxof oranges which did me so much good. Perhaps you can pre- vail on him to contribute to the charity for his old friend. Ido not wish you to give one cent towards it, I know you havenot the means altho I am convinced you have the heart. Oneof the ladies here will go out today and get me some flannelas the physicians have ordered, and every time I see it, I willpray to God to bless the kind donors. I suppose you willscarcely credit me when I tell you, I often suffer for a cup ofgreen tea, I cannot drink the miserable stuff they have here. Every article is so enormously high, I suppose they cannot affordto furnish us with better. But dear friend I so much hopeI will be soon where all wants will be supplied, and withoutmoney or without price, I hope I am ready to go when thegood God calls me. If you succeed in getting me a small boxof anything to add to my comfort, direct as you do the) letters.Write soon to yours sincerely, (This Letter is the Property of Mr. Patrick F. Madigan). The Old Ass Guido Bruno •J'HREE animals were frolicking on the soft young green of ajoyous pasture: a young dog, a young horse and an old ass.The young dog said: "Now I am having a good time—but,oh, later on! They will train me, they will teach me tricks. Iwill have to be watchful, I will have to get accustomed to kicks,and I will have to bear patiently the wildest temper of mymaster. In the long run a dog. catcher will get a hold of me.Does it pay to live? Surely, it does not!"And the young horse said: "Now I am leading a joyful life,indeed,—but, oh, later on! They will catch me, they will puta harness around _my neck—I will have to draw heavy loads.someone is going to sit on my back and will abuse me withwhip and spurs. And then some day they will sell me to abutcher and they will mete out my flesh by the pound. Does itpay to live? Is it worth while? Surely, it is not!"But the old ass, who had listened with astonished eyes, said:"I really do not know what's the matter with you. I have beenin the employ of the same company for the last thirty years.I have a good position and surely I am doing very well. AndI find that life is worth while living." Boulevard St. Michael Murray Sheehan CJTN, Sin, and be merry. Let who willSay Bacchus is an evil god, I swearI'd rather run my fingers through his hairJust once, and die, than live insensible,Forever! Lift the cup and drink your fillOf pleasure, for a wine is in the airTo stain the afternoon and dull the glareOf the drunk October sun; and on the hillOf St. Michael Autumn's purple grapeHangs ripe and luscious. Soon will come the nightWhen all about us, underneath the lightOf arc-lamps, will parade the lovely shapeOf lust incarnate, and the hill will burnWith youth's consuming and hot lips that yearn. Germany's Angel VOU surely will know that each of the belligerent countrieshas an envoy in the disguise of an angel kneeling at thethrone of God and praying for the victory of the arms of hiscountry. The Russian angel is praying day and night that thedear Lord may help the Russians, because only with his helpcan they achieve an ultimate victory over their enemies.The French angel is also praying, and praying not alone forthe arms of his own country, but imploring the Lord's blessingupon the arms of Russia so that France may not lose the billionsof dollars which she loaned to Russia. And the angels of allother countries pray unwearyingly. The dear Lord, gracious—as he always is—lends his ear to all of them. And while helooks over the number of the angels kneeling at his throne, hemisses the envoy of Germany. With a look of inquiry the Lordturns to St. Peter."Yes," says Peter, "Germany's angel most likely is with thearmies of his country and hasn't time to come up here; butafter the war he will come to offer his thanks." Rplated Platitudes Julius Doerner. Unfortunately, America's being the "Money Center," will notnecessarily insure its being the center of sense.A good heart under a poor head is a fine formula for aperfect fool.It appears, that whether you measure temperature by Fahren- heit, or Centigrade, or Reaumer, the only significant pointson the scale are: "Sweat in the shade," and "Shiver in thesun,"—all the rest is only filling.Now, the love that can be measured in dollars isn't wortheven a dollar. The Poet OURY him under the yewDeep in the night or the daytimeFor his heart is the heart of the dewAnd his shroud is the song of the May-time.Splendid, and and fine,Breath of the morning star—This was his soul divineMoulded of all things that are. Edgar Allan Poe Joseph Lewis French His life was a cry in the desert—His cry was an echo of pain—In a world unborn of the soul of scornHe shall come to his own again. Books and Magazines of the Week Repetition is the mother of decline.A good many of our newest poets are starting to repeatthemselves. They said all they had to say and now they arebeginning to look around for new listeners, for such to whomtheir message will be new.With hope and expectations did we watch the young journalscome up in all parts of the country which devote their pagesexclusively to poetry. Two distinct types of poetry magazinescame from the presses. There were the mouth-pieces of thoseearly promoters of verse unusual and unrhymed whose almamater was and is Miss Monroe's monthly, "Poetry." Here weread for the first time the daring things of the English poetswho have lived their lives since, but who are repeating them- selves over and over again.And then there were little magazines and magazinettes hereand there, just flying pamphlets often only sheets_ with two orfour printed pages. We welcomed these individualistic _ ex- pressions because they came from men whose message didn tseem to fit in any existing periodicals, but seemed importantenough to them to be sent to a good many more than theycould approach through the spoken word. And gradually somedied and others succeeded; some grew and some are merelyexisting. But new ones came up and are coming up almostdaily fighting for an existence and for an audience.The new camp grew. Where there was one tent there areavenues of tents now with side streets and piazzas and . . .blind streets.The value of these one-man's efforts lay in their individual- istic expression.Names have been standardized, combinations formed, a newsecession is inevitable in the near future. _ The poetry maga- zines of the independent sort are flirting with each other. In- dependence is kept up artificially but certain names have beenstandardized and you can find them signed to oil thepages of all of them. Why not do the thing before it is toolate? Why not combine efforts and have just one poetry jour- nal, or if this seems impossible why not keep to the old stand- ards? Or if there has been all said why not stop printingthem? The Poetry Journal Mr. Braithwaite's anthology is spooking considerably in theeditorial pages of this journal with the pink cover. AmyLowell has her say and quite post festumbut what does itmatter. A good umbrella finds its appreciation even after therain. It might be used as a parasol. Others. Distinguished is the February issue of Alfred Kreymborg'smagazine of the new verse. It contains eight pages of hisown poetry. Especially those poems which were originated in his "Mushroom period" sound like the real Kreymborg. Hereis one reproduced.CONVENTIONBeware of a pirate who will scuttle your ship,a cross-eycd toothless pirate!I'll blow my great horn, carved of dead men's skulls,right down your ear and freeze you.I'll stick my big thumb into your eyeand my knife clean through your throat.I'll pull out my goblet and drink your bloodwhile my foot rests on your belly.I'll laugh a loud laugh that'll shunt your soul to helland spit on your face for an epitaph.I'll kick your carcass to its coffin, the sea,a sea that won't sing even a dirge for you.Then I'll yank down the flag that you hoisted up so highand raise the devil's own instead. . .Beware of a pirate who will scuttle your ship,a cross-eyed toothless pirate!I crawl aboard when your sails begin to fail—the sails that are blown by the strength of your will. The Phoenix V ance Thompson's "Drink and be Sober" incites MichaelMonahan to draw a parallel between this latest production ofThompson and Jack London's "John Barleycorn.""Thompson's book lacks this logic and appeal, to begin with;it professes to set forth a generalized experience common toall men who drink, and to educe therefrom a universal con- clusion. His contract is therefore much larger than London's,and his failure has been correspondingly greater." The Brooklynite In the current issue of this official organ of "The Blue Pen- cil Club" of Brooklyn, Charles E. Isaacson describes Englandas the England of Charles Dickens, as the England which isin his mind and never can be effaced. The Revolt Hippolyte Havel's weekly contains three poems by BenjaminDe Casseres, Three Moralities and "Change," by TheodoreDreiser. Dreiser says a good deal in these three columns. Hissentences are short and not complicated. It is good if our popu- lar writers have a magazine like The Revolt where they cansay what they really think and do not need to stretch theirthoughts in order to produce a substantial amount of words. The Newarker "Published monthly by the Committee of One Hundred as arecord of work and a program of events for Newark's Two-Hundred Fiftieth Anniversary Celebration" is filled with his- torical and semi-historical articles relating to the history ofNewark and New Jersey. The February issue contains a gen- erous portion of Washington material and a facsimile reproduc- tion of a letter of Lincoln dated February 19th, 1861, andaddressed to the people of Newark. Hippolyte Havel About the Village Hippolyte Havel ,UUrHEN I speak of Greenwich Village I have no geographicalconception in view. The term Greenwich Village is tome a spiritual zone of mind. Is there any reason d'etre forthe existence of a spiritual Greenwich Village? I believethere is. Those fellow wanderers who pawn their last coatin rue Franc Bourgeoise, who shivered in rue St. Jacques andsearched for the cheapest brasserie in rue Lepic, those whocrowded the Olympe in rue de la Gaiete, will understand thecharm of the Village. A ramble along Charlton and VarickStreets is a reverie, not to speak of the sounds of—how doMinetta Lane, Patchin Place, Sheridan Square and Gay Streetstrike you?To be sure the native of the Village has no especialdistinction. He is just as dull as the native of Bronx, or thenative of Hoboken. The apaches of the Village are morecrude than the gangs of upper Riverside. So are in propor- tion, the alguecils of the Village more vicious and brutal thantheir confreres in other precincts. The Village has also itssneaking reformers and neighborhood centers full of apostlesin male and female petticoats, good people who clean outcertain parts of their territory from outcasts and drive thosepoor dregs of humanity into other parts of the city. The jointsof the Village compare favorably with Doctor's and BarneyFlynn's emporiums on the Bowery and Chatham Square.The soothsayers of yesteryear assured us that the Villageis doomed. . . No danger so far though the subterraneanbarbarians are busy in reconstructing Seventh Avenue andbuilding a subway for the men in a hurry. True also, the"Grapevine"'' has disappeared and we miss the pewters ofcreamy ale. But take courage, ye tipplers, there are otherheavenly retreats in the Village. "Grifou" is dead, but thereis a new brasserie de Lilla, yea, even a cafe Groessenwahn.Josiah Flint, if he should awaken from his grave would notbe lonesome in the Village.If you lose your illusions and the evil one takes hold ofyour soul, you leave your garret on the sacred Butte and renta studio near Pare Monceau, you leave the Soho and takeyour domicile in Chelsea, or you become a traitor to Green- wich Village and move into an apartment on Riverside Drive.You will smile pityingly over the folly of the poor devils wholose their lives in ugly holes on Washington Square, or findpleasure in cheap restaurants among pickpockets on CarmineStreet. But some evening after the West Indian has pushedyou up to your steamheated apartment and after you havegone over your bank account, you will fall into reverie andyou will sigh for the dear old haunts of the Village. Oldreminiscences will float before your vision and old names willstrike chords in your damned soul, and" you will envy thesilly chaps and maidens who remained true to the Like a sneakthief you will return secretly some evening andyou will look up the dear old places. But the charm will be gone. Even the caravanserie on Thirty-first Street and theZukunftstatt on Seventy-seventh Street will close their portalsto you. Then you have lost your illusions, your enthusiasmand your idealism. Greenwich Village is a spiritual conceptionand shopkeepers are not interested in dreamers. The Village- is the rallying point for new ideas. Its spirit reaches theheathenish bellyworshippers of Harlem, even nature fakersnear the Zoo in the Bronx. The Bronxite points proudly toPoe's cottage, but come to the Village, mon chere, and I willpoinit out to you "Grub Street" where another Thomas Paine, earned his bread and his fame in daily struggleswith the economic devil. In Our Village Captain Hall's Exhibition of paintings, marine scenes andforest scenes, including portraits of Abraham Lincoln and ofNancy Hanks, Lincoln's mother, will be continued until February15th.A group of Russian painters will have a joint exhibitionin Bruno's Garret from February 15th until February 25th.The works of art exhibited will include paintings, watercolors, pen and ink sketches and miniatures.On Monday, the 14th of February, Guido Bruno willspeak on "Greenwich Village: What it was, What it is andWhat it Means to Me." Tickets can be reserved for thisevening by addressing the garret.On February 28th, Theodore Schroeder, president of theFree Speech League will deliver his lecture "From Phallic Wor- ship to Secularized Sex." It is a frank discussion of problemsfor such as are not afraid of facts. "The viewpoint is evolu- tionary and psychologic. The purpose is to give enlightenmentof a kind that is a bit unusual but needed—desired by most butoften denied." Admission by ticket only.Richard Oeckenden, better-known as "Dick, the Oyster- man," who had catered to the culinary tastes of GreenwichVillage for a good many years, died recently, a victim ofpneumonia. His old basement on Third Street was famousas hang-out place of writers and artists of the last decadeof the nineteenth century. O. Henry immortalized it inone of his short stories.Eonville de Camoin, landlord to many a writer and artiston Washington Square for the last twenty years, was takenill suddenly and is in a critical condition in a hospital. Itwas in his house that Jenny Lind stopped during her pres- ence in New York and many famous men and women sincehave lived under its hospitable roof.Charles Keeler, poet, playwright and world wanderer, ar- ranges recitals, story evenings and poetry readings for thenext six Saturday evenings in"The White Cat" tea shop. Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre A program of unusual interest will be given on Thurs- day, Friday and Saturday in Charles Edison's Little ThimbleTheatre at 10 Fifth Avenue. Miss Ruth Sapinsky willsing, for the first time before a New York audience, a se- lection of songs including Roger Speaks' "Morning."Mr. Robert Wirth, a violinist, will execute on his instru- ment Brahms' "Hungarian Dance No. 5, in G Minor," FritzKreisler's "Rondino," a theme by Beethoven, and"The Hu- moresque," the great Bohemian, Devorak's, best-known com- position.Mr. Ridgely Hudson, tenor, will sing Handel's "ComeBeloved" and two songs by MacSadyeen.Virginia O'. Madigan will recite to music especially com- posed for her—Victorian Sardou's "Leah, the Forsaken." To Clara Tice W. J. Lampton. The self portrait of Clara Tice and her dog Varna in a recentissue of Bruno's Weekly inspired W. J. Lampton and here it is:SPLASH of cold ink, Erebean,Forming her crown of glorySurmounting those dots of expressionWhich tell their own story-Thrilling with cognizance infinite.Pendent, dependent,The markings straying hither and yonThrough the whiteness,Apparently going nowhither,Yet reaching their destinationWhich like the end of a joyous journeyOutjoys the journey,And this is Clara.Clara incarnate,But never, ah, never, the soul of her;Only the shell of the spiritExpressed in the splashings and markings.And there near the heart of her,Filling the foreground,Is Varna, beloved of her;Varna, made in the image, vaguely,Of a bunch of sausage! Hats, by Fritz Schnitzler. The Other Woman Blanche Katherine Carr SEE her often, and though I am younger and fairer thanshe, I always feel strongly the force of het presence, andbecome suddenly conscious of any defect in my garb.He is kind and most tender, my husband, and in no-wisedoes he betray regret that it is I, not she, who bears his name,yet today the? confines of my heart seem narrowed. Memorybrings only bitterness, and hope is as a dead thing.That my child lifts eyes like his to mine is of no comfort,and that tonight I shall stand at his side and welcome theguests bidden to celebrate the fifth anniversary of our marriageis an empty honor. The Story of Oscar Wilde's Life andExperience in Reading Gaol By His Warder. I* "He wrote*: ' PThe memory of Dreadful ThingsRushed like a dreadful wind,And Horror stalked before each man,And Terror crept behind'.The warders with their shoes of feltCrept by each padlocked door,And peeped and saw with eyes of aweGrey figures on the floor,And wondered why men knelt to prayWho never prayed before."Wilde told me that those moments when the bell rang out,and his imagination conjured up the execution scene, were themost awful of a time rich in horrors."I always found Wilde extremely good-natured, and he wroteseveral little things out for me."I had recently been married, and a certain weekly paper of- fered a silver tea service! to the young couple who could givethe best reason why this service should be given to them."I told Wilde of this, and he wrote out several witty 'reasons'which I have kept. He*re are some, very apt, which should havesecured the tea service:(1) Because evidently spoons are required, and my girl and I are two.(2) Because it would suit us to a T (tea).(3) Because we have good "ground's" for wanting a coffee pot.(4) Because marriage is a game that should begin with a love set.(5) Because one cannot get legally married without a proper weddingservice."These are very witty, are they not, and he also wrote out alittle essay suggesting the name of a baby boy that would besuitable for Diamond Jubilee Year."Oscar Wilde wrote this out in his own hand, and gave it tome. It was written in ten minutes, and began:" 'Every baby born in the course of this great and historicye(ar should have a name representative in some way of whatthis year signifies to the British Empire. That is clear. Theonly question is what is it to be?" 'St. George would be a capital name—it is a real Christianname, and is borne by Mr. St. George Mivart, a well-knownwriter—the only objection to it is that it refers too specially toEngland, and leaves out St. Patrick, St. Andrew and St. David.'"Victor, the masculine equivalent of Victoria, would be good,but not the best possible. . . ."'People are sometime's Christened Tertius and Decimus, asbeing the third and tenth sons. Why not call the boy Sexa- gesimus ?"'Thus the sixtieth year of her Majesty's reign would be com- memorated. Still that is an awkward name, and would not makethe' youthful owner popular at school." 'Well, we call girls Ruby, Pearl and other names of preciousjewels, and the Irish call their babies "My jewel," and theFrench, "Tres bijoux." Mr. Walter Pater, whose prose we alladmire for its noble' qualities, called one of his characters "Em- erald." Jacinth, which is a precious stone, is also a Christianname—the same as Hyacinth and Amethyst."'Garnet is a Christian name and the name of a jewel. LordWolseley was Sir Garnet Wolseley." 'There is also a name? "Royal." It is a very good name,but not sufficiently distinguishing." 'Diamond must be made a popular name, so I hope,' con- cluded Mr. Wilde, 'to hear it has been given to our baby boy.'"As a warder, I take off my hat to the memory of theauthor, who, by his sad and premature de'ath, has now silencedfor ever all who have criticised his conduct and rejoiced at hisfall." *1 am indebted for this story to Mr. Patrick F. Madigan,who has the original, in the handwriting of Oscar Wilde'swarder, and also the two manuscripts mentioned in this story. I KEEP ON MY WALLS a permanent exhibition of autographs, manuscriptsand historical documents, and have at present an especially interesting col-lection of letters and original manuscripts by Abraham Lincoln, GeorgeWashington, Robert Louis Stevenson, Oscar Wilde and Edgar Allan Poe. Theseare the original scripts of stories, poems and documents which have made thesemen famous. If interested, drop me a line, or better, come and see my exhibition.PATRICK FRANCIS MADIGAN561 Fifth Ave. (entrance 46th St.) New York At the Sign of the Red LampFifty-three West Third Street, New YorkYou will find this old and picturesque Chop House,TWO DOORS EAST OF WEST BROADWAYWe make a specialty of Sea Food, Steak and ChopsSAMUEL S. BROAD, Proprietor Telephone: Spring 5963Open Evenings until Nine RARE BOOKS FIRST EDITIONSExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association BooksBooks for Christmas GiftsPurchased singly or in sets for people who have neither time nor opportunity toselect for themselves, or for those who have not access to the best book marts.Why not begin collecting now?Address E. V., Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass. LIBRAIRIE FRANCAISE DEUTSCHE BUECHERLibrairie Francaise111 Fourth AvenueAlways on hand a large, fine selection of bestFrench, English, German and Spanish romances.Best English literature and foreign classics a spec-ialty. All kinds of literature bought and exchanged.Art magazines wanted.WRITE US WHAT YOU ARE INTERESTED IN.CIRCULATING LIBRARY ENGLISH BOOKS Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, Situatedat No.lOFifth Avenue, Greenwich Village,N.Y.C.Guido Bruno, Manager.This Week's Performances and ConcertsWednesday, 2:15 p. m. Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.Thursday, 8:15 p. m. Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Friday, 8:15 p. m. Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.(Saturday, 2:00 p. m. Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.8:15 p. m. Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Ask or write for ticket of admission to TheLittle Thimble Theatre performances. Theyare free of charge. There can be no pleasanter place to hearthat remarkable Edison RecordNumber (82536 ) thanThe Diamond Disc Shopat Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmos-phere of Old Greenwich Village has not beensacrificed on the altar of commercialismPhone: Stuyvesant 4570Open EveningsA postal will bring you, with ourcompliments, an interesting littlebiography of Mr. Thos. A. Edison