The mask 1 11 January 1909 naau_1909-01_01 The mask 1 11 Cover Illustration 1 DESIGN FOR THE SORCERESS Gordon Craig cre Illustration 4 CONTENTS 5 FROM A RARE PROGRAMME Allen Carric cre 5-6 Untitled image Illustration 5 ÆNEAS Gordon Craig cre Illustration 6 TWO THEATRES, INTRODUCTION TO "AN ESSAY ON THE GROTESQUE THEATRE" Léon de Schildenfeld Schiller cre 7-12 Untitled Image Illustration 7 A MEMORABLE FANCY W. Blake cre 12 MUSICAL COMEDY, ITS MANNERS &amp; METHODS Horace Wyndham cre 13-15 Untitled image Illustration 15 THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF SHAKESPEARE'S GREEK PLAYS E. W. Godwin cre 16-18 Untitled image Illustration 16 SHAKESPEARE MEMORIAL. A Nation a 1 Theatre Allen Carric cre 19-20 "THE ERA" UPON ART &amp; THE MILLIONAIRE 20 Untitled image Illustration 20 THE THEATRE IN GERMANY, HOLLAND, RUSSIA &amp; ENGLAND Gordon Craig cre 21-22 Untitled image Illustration 21 IN GERMANY, HOLLAND, RUSSIA &amp; ENGLAND GORDON CRAIG. Moscow cre 21-22 FOREIGN NOTES 22-23 Untitled image Illustration 22 FLORENCE J. S. cre 22-23 MOSCOW V. N. cre 23 LONDON R. S. cre 23 Untitled image Illustration 23 EDITORIAL NOTES 23-24 Untitled image Illustration 23 In the July and August numbers of the Mask 23 A GREAT RELIGIOUS FILM J. S. cre 23-24 THE CRITIC CRITICIZED 24 Untitled image Illustration 24 A design for "Macbeth" Act. V. Scene. I.... Gordon Craig cre Illustration 25 SponsoredAdvertisement 2 THE WOOD ENGRAVERS of San LEONARDO SponsoredAdvertisement 27 A PORTFOLIO OF ETCHINGS SponsoredAdvertisement 27 LIBRAIRIE ANCIENNE SponsoredAdvertisement 28 USEFUL ADDRESSES SponsoredAdvertisement 28 ORD OCH BILD SponsoredAdvertisement 28 ANTONIO FRILLI SponsoredAdvertisement 29 DINI &amp; CELLAI SponsoredAdvertisement 29 NEW YORK DRAMATIC MIRROR SponsoredAdvertisement 29 G. P. VIEUSSEUX SponsoredAdvertisement 29 EDITION DE LUXE SponsoredAdvertisement 29 Vol. I. N.° 11. JANUARY i o o o THE MASK A MONTHLY JOURNAL OF THEART OF THE THEATRE * EUROPEAN &amp; AMERICAN AGENTS. AMSTERDAM, KIRBEROSR&amp;KESPER, 134 RokinBERLIN . EDMUND MEYER.Potsdam eistrasse 27 b. &amp; &amp;BUDAPEST. NAGEE OTTO, Museum-Korut, 2LONDON. D. J. RIDER, 36 St Martin's Court.Charing Cross Road. W. C. &amp; MOSCOU. "LA BALANCE "Office, Place du Theatre. NEW YORK. BRUNTANO, Fifth Avenue.NAPLES. Michaelsen, 2 Via Chiatamone.PHILADELPHIA. U. S. A.« THE BUTTERFLY " Office. 1126 Walnut Street. &amp; PRICE ONE SHILLING NET MONTHLY, A very amusing and stimulating, as well as a mostbeautiful, magazine. £&gt; JS&gt; THE DAILY TELEGRAPH. " 1 . »» &lt;. "* .gaga*! J -MtniiiJ wt|^JLuWiMA^f»rie ,ANNOUNCEMENTS TO OUR READERSXA/e herewith beg to announce to our readers that the February edition of TheMask will be greatly enlarged and contain articles both in English and Frenchby celebrated writers, Theatre historians, etc. Further details as to the contributionsin this and following numbers will found on the advertising page following thereading matter, &amp; &amp;&amp; &amp;&amp; &amp;&amp;? &amp;IHWIIIMWII iwimwmffliiMMi■ I —mi win mini mn—mn HIMI1) II hi IIBII iIII i III IMIH mil |)| HlliilB lUiUmim.Readers are requested to send their subscriptions direct to the Publishing Office8 Borgo San Jacopo, Florence, Italy. The sending of the money is facilitated byenclosing paper money in a registered letter. In Germany, M. 15,00. In America,4 Dollars. In Italy, 15 Lire. In Austria, 20 Kronen. In England, (postal orders) 15/-In Russia, 8 Roubles. In Holland, 10 Gulden.■■■■!■■ nininiiii inm mi nun w 11 iii—iw—ii 1 ■inw-n ■imm iumi iihiiiii— milpor the convenience of our readers we herewith give the list of our agents in the* different parts of the world.London, D. J, Rider, 36 St Martin's Court, Charing Cross Road.Berlin, Edmund Meyer, Potsdamerstrasse 27 b.Amsterdam, Kirberger &amp; Kesper, 134 Rokin.Vienna, Hugo Heller, 3 Bauernmarkt.Moscow, Michael Lykiardoupolos, " La Balance Place du Thdatre.Helsingfors, Akademiska Bokhandeln.Budapest, Nagel Otto, Muzeumkorut 2.Stockholm, C. E. Fritze, 18 Gustaf Adolfstorg. \Goteborg, Ringner &amp; Enewalds, Kungsgatan 31*New York, Brentano's, Fifth Avenue.Philadelphia, G, W. Plank, 1126 Walnut Street.Naples. Michaelsen, 2 Via Chiatamone.J*he Editor will he glad to consider any MSS. submitted to him. These shouldhear the names and addresses of the authors, he typewritten and accompaniedhy stamps. Any MSS. submitted in this manner will receive the earliest attention,and every care will he taken as to their safe return, hut the Editor cannot takeany responsibility should any loss occur.Editorial Offices, ARENA GOLD ONI, Via dei Serragli, Florence, Italy. | PUBLISHING OFFICE OF "THE MASK," 8 BORGO S. JACOPO, FLORENCE, ITALYEDITORIAL OFFICE, ARENA GOLDONI, VIA DEI SERRAGLI, FLORENCE, ITALY v w—-4 m m ▲' rt w jr the journal of the artr 8 17 i*/l AW 1/ OF THE THEATRE,f ( T "&lt; Iw 1 /-% IV VOLUME ONE, No. ELEVENJ8 ft J. * *4 1 T A..1. JANUARY. 1909. TWO THEATRES TWO THEATRES TWO THEATRES. TWO THEATRES TWO THEATRES MUSICALCOMEDY. MUSICALCOMEDY. SHAKESPEARE'SGREEK PLAYS. SHAKESPEARE'SGREEK PLAYS. &amp; &amp; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED &amp; &amp;GERENTE RESPONSABILE, GINO DUCCI &amp; Th e Ma s k19 0 9 [THE MASK.IThe February, March &amp; April numbers will contain articlesboth in French and English on the following subjects:Sketch of Gordon Craig (Illustr.) Palladio's Theatre at VicenzaShakespeare as Scenographer. (Illustrated).Two Theatres (continued). The Grotesque Theatre 1908." Pelleas &amp; Melisande ". The Brothers Parfaict.The Arena Goldoni, Florence. Some Italian Head-dresses(Illustrated). (Illustrated).Vecellio's Venetian Costumes Levachet de Chamois.(Illustrated). Itantarello, the FlorentineWyspiansky (Illustrated). Masque and the Comedy ofThe Sacre Rappresentazioni Itantarello.(Illustrated). The Marionette Theatre ofThe Machinery of the Paris Munich.Opera House. The Brothers Galli da BibienaMaeterlinck's "The Blue Bird " °' Bologna.at Moscow. " The White Fan TranslatedEllen Terry as First Fairy. into English.A lesson to Scene designers. Voltaire s Theatre in the Cha- (Illustrated). teau de Ferney.Besides these Booh Reviews will he published in French &amp; English alternately. &amp;Foreign correspondence, Editorial Notes and a bibliography will appear monthlyAmong the contributors will be the following:John Balance, Allen Carrie, Gordon Craig, Andre Gide, Alexandre Joannides, AlexanderHevesi, Hugo von Hofmannsthal, Edward Hutton, D. Nevile Jees, Maurice Magnus,Albert Mockel, Georges Mouval, Jean Jacques Olivier, Maximilian Schick, J. deSchildenfeld-Schiller, Professor Schneegans, Martial Teneo, Algar Thorold, Dr. PaulWiegler.YFAPI v \ England, 15 Shillings | Italy, 15 Lire, )) Germany, 15 Marks I Russia 8 Roubles POST FREEK I America, 4 Dollars g France 20 Francs. )»IW Mil—IIUI mill 1IIWI J.'MHaeKIIBBffiiiajHjaaSMiMgBaigaffiaMgaBaMBMBataaMgiMKBgaBMBaaaMBtaMWOBMMBBHBBnBMBMBHaMMPBBMIMIMMMIJIIHIMIfiinHilWHiiaiHlMBlSIGN AND TEAR OFF THIS ORDER FORM. «.|» mw I. «iI|I« ■■ J. &amp; J ,ORDER FORMTo the Publisher, (or) To Mr. _... BooksellerAddress Please put down my name as a subscriber to "The Mask" for one year, or six monthscommencing with the number, in payment of which subscription, including postage,I enclose the sum of SignedAddress /Printed for the Proprietor by E. Morandi, Tipografia Bodonlana, Via Pint!, Florence, and published at The Officeof " The Mask " 8, Borgo S. Jacopo. &amp; £? &amp;&gt;■ &amp; &amp; DESIGN FOR THE SORCERESS. GORDON CRAIG CONTENTS AFTER THE PR AC TISE THE THEORY &amp; FROM A RARE PROGRAMME. A NOTE ON THREE DESIGNS by ALLENCARRIC. &amp; TWO THEATRES. INTRODUCTION TO AN ESSAY ON THE GROTESQUETHEATRE by LEON de SCHILDENFELD SCHILLER (Continued). &amp; A MEMORABLE FANCYby WILLIAM BLAKE. THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF SHAKESPEARE'S GREEKPLAYS by E. W. GODWIN. 0 MUSICAL COMEDY by HORACE WYNDHAM. THESHAKESPEARE MEMORIAL by ALLEN CARRIC. 0 ERA UPON ART AND THEMILLIONAIRE &amp; A LETTER ON THE RUSSIAN THEATRE from GORDON CRAIG. uS&gt; FOREIGNNOTES. £&gt; EDITORIAL NOTES. £&gt; ENGRAVINGS by GORDON CRAIG, JULIUS OLIVER,E. THESLEFF &amp; &amp; sS FROM A RARE PROGRAMME. A NOTE ONTHREE DESIGNS by Allen Carric. MNBAS GORDON CRAIG I n this number are reprinted from the original wood blocks three of the designs whichappeared in a very scarce programme issued by the Purcell Operatic Society in 1900 when MrGordon Craig produced his first opera with his friend Mr Martin Shaw the English composer.&amp; The programme was in itself a beautiful work of art of about fifteen to twenty pages,containing eight or nine wood engravings of the scene and figures in the opera. &amp;The performance was given at the Conservatoire in Hampstead under most disadvantageousconditions. For such is the up-to-date patriotism of England that, when British artists wishto do honour to their art, they are obliged to do it with all the odds against them. &amp;&amp; Had Mr Craig, and Mr Shaw been born in Berlin, Vienna, St Petersburg, Moscow,Munich or any of the great continental cities of the leading powers of Europe, they wouldwithout doubt have received enthusiastic support which would not have been withdrawnfrom them after the first performance but would have continued to assist them for as manyyears as the artists showed talent and pluck.&amp; From the year 1900, the date of this programme of which 1 write until the presentyear, Mr Craig has advanced through, and in spite of, opposition. How much easier it wouldhave been, and how much more profitable for the people of England to have attempted tounderstand what he meant; and if they could not understand, to have waited patientlyuntil they could understand. But now to a large public these things are becoming quiteclear and therefore these designs from the programme of his first production are reprintedso that they may not be entirely lost, for I understand that only a few hundred copies ofthis programme were printed.Purcell's Opera is capable of being presented on the stage in very many different ways.It can be given with the singers seated on chairs and making but few movements; or itcan be mounted as they mount the operas of Gluck in Paris. And then there is another,style of mounting it; that is in the more modern up-to-date manner. And then there is theway of the individualist. This is Mr Craig's way. It is always different, and when he produces a play or an opera he follows no old-fashioned manner, and no up-to-date manner; he does itIn a manner which is personal and which is not to be imitated and which cannot be labelled.The first design is that of the Sorceress who appears in that memorable second scene, thescene where the assembled witches plot against the life of /Eneas. In this scene Mr Craigchose to give the idea of Wreckage, We seemed to be on some long low waste of dunes towhich had drifted all the wreckage of the world.... the skeletons of ships and men. Aboveall this rose the figure of the Sorceress herself, grown thick with wreckage, looking likesome ancient figure-head to which all the flotsam and jetsome and seaweed of the oceanwas clinging. Her one arm and hand is a dead thing of wood; the other is reaching downinto the earth finding there roots in the unfruitful soil. Only one movement was designedfor this figure; it was when, in her rage, she wrenched this rooted hand and arm free fromthe earth, snapping and tearing the roots and scattering the rotten debris like a cloudof delusion into the world.The other design for the helmetted figure of /Eneas explains itself. The third,the little heading, is of an eighteenth century orchestra, playing in the open air before ascene which breathes out the romance of mediaeval Germany. &amp; &amp; &amp; TWO THEATRES, INTRODUCTION TO"AN ESSAY ON THE GROTESQUETHEATRE," by Léon de SchildenfeldSchiller. (Continued). ush! The play is beginning! The theatre represents awild park, bathed in silvery moonlight. From afar is tobe heard the murmur of fountains and the dreamful soundof mandolines. In the alleys swarm the DRAMATISPERSONAE who are of no time and no country; (1) theycome and go without our knowing why and how; they donot eat, neither do they drink; they live nowhere and haveno trade; they possess neither grounds nor income norhouses; in walking they do not cause a single drop ofrain to fall from the petals of the flowers and do not raisea single grain of dust on the roads.je&gt; Their clothes are of the most extravagant and of the most fantastical in the world. Pointed hats like bell towers; with brims as large as aChinese parasol, and decked with demesurable feathers, plucked from the tails of the birdof paradise and the phoenix; mantles striped with brilliant colours, doublets of velvet andbrocade, letting the lining of satin or cloth of silver be seen through the gold-laced slashes;trunk hose puffed and inflated like balloons; scarlet stockings with embroidered clocks;high-heeled shoes with large rosettes, thin little swords covered with braid and ribbons, pointupwards, the hilt downwards. &amp; &amp;j&amp; The thus-attired cavaliers meet on their way the no less singularly bedizened dames,greeting them with such profound reverences, as though they would with their picturesquecrests, sweep the dust from before their feet. This honourable society is enlivened by clownsin sequin-trimmed caps, which they gain as rewards for their pains and pertinent songs.The ladies sometimes cover their faces with masks or dress themselves up in men's garb,changing their appearance to such an extent that their own brothers would be incapable ofrecognising them.&amp; The gentlemen sometimes draw swords on each other, supposedly so as not to let themrust in their scabbards, all the same, however, rarely doing each other harm, since as arule some fool appears " ex machina," disarming the pert swaggerers with one of his thousandsallies.... and " all's well that ends " ....in a drinking bout. &amp; &amp;&amp; 44 The most complicated tragical knots unravel themselves, with admirable indifferenceas to what once improbably anemical bookworms shortly and concisely christened with thename of 44 &amp;The poet's device was without doubt 44 Pour nous, ce qui est beau est toujoursvraisemblable "• (2) 44 Effects have not their causes, and causes do not attract any effects;that person is the wisest, who talks the greatest nonsense; the most foolish, on the contrary,pronounces things of unheard-of wisdom; young girls carry on such discourse amongthemselves that courtesans on hearing it would blush, whereas courtesans deliver moralmaxims; the most astounding adventures follow inexplicably on each other time after time....«' Drum seid nur brav und zeigt euch musterhaft.44 Lasst Phantasie mit alien ihren Choren,*4 Vernunft, Verstand, Empfindung, Leidenschaft,44 Doch merkt euch wohl! nicht ohne Narrheit horen." (3)&amp; Behold! out on to the stage comes a youth with the face of Michaelangelo's 44 David," andstands un der the balcony, on which appears in the midst of flowers, the daughter of theCapulets. Romeo, intoxicated with the aroma of flowers and hair, vows to love her till death. And the echo in the parks repeats the vow. But as the hoarse voice of the nurse, who Isbeing fanned by a malicious buffoon in the alcove, calls the young lady home, Juliet, timeafter time, wishes her lover goodnight. And the echo in the parlc repeats 44 goodnight".Behold! A golden gondola conveys a pair ©f lovers, who, sitting under a baldaquin ofsweet pine, sea! their love secrets with innumerable kisses. Where are we.... Ah yes! atBelmont! The night is kind,... favourable to lovers. In such a night as this did Troilussigh his soul towards Cressida, sleeping in the Grecian tents: in such a night did Thisbe fleebefore the lion's shadow; in such a night did Dido summon her beloved back to Carthage:in such a night did Medea gather the enchanted herbs that were to renew old Aeson: In sqcjia night as this the young Lorenzo, ravishing the wealthy Jew's daughter, hums love duettinoswith the young and beautiful Jessica, who unhesitatingly abandoned the sacred house of herfather for ever, escaping in the dress of a mischievous page, with Shylock's precious ringon her finger. &amp; &amp;&amp; &amp;&amp; &amp;&amp; &amp;*&amp; &amp;&amp; But who is that black gentleman, stalking like a crane, smiling foolishly to himself andat every moment arranging his crossed garters and his stockings, of a most dreadfulyellow, failing from his virtue-thinned calves? Is it not perchance that Puritan, theirreconciliable enemy to wine and gay songs, Malvolio, steward to Olivia? Yes, it is he....the poor fellow is seeking his mistress to boast before her of the yellowness of his stockings.But whom does he find on his way.... Count Almaviva's first page golden-haired littleCherubin, (Cherubino di Amore), the easy-loving giddy-head, pampered by the great ladiesand their maids* poet, knightling; who although fickle and giving promise of becoming ayet greater good-for-nothing than his master, nevertheless 44 il n'est ce que toute mere, aufond du coeur, voudrait peut-etre que ffit son fils, quoiqu' elle dut beaucoup en souffrir."44 What the deuce thinks Malvolio to himself, 441 was but just now in Ulyria, how comesit then that I find myself in Aguas-Frescas, three leagues from Seville? Eh! These arevisions appearing only to lovers." 44 But no, it is the reality.The wee page confides his troubles to the stars and laurel-bushes, and pressing to hislips a ribbon belonging to Rosina, the lady of his heart, hums the woeful, childish canzona,44 Voi che sapete che cosa h amor...." (i) 44 Tell me excellent Toby, what new joke has comeinto your head...."&amp; What must have been the fright, however, of the abstemious lover, when, instead of SirToby Belch, he beheld before him Don Basilio's gloomy figure,44 The talented village organist,teaching the countess to play on the clavecin, her maid to sing, and the pages to thrum onthe mandoline, his office being to gladden the count's companions by playing on the guitar."&amp; This figure, in a black mantle, with wide sleeves and in a hat of the same colour witha large rolled brim, came towards the dumbfounded steward, screwing up maliciously itsgoat-face and raising its inseperable guitar in such a manner, as though to measure thedegree of hardness of his skull.Angels and ministers of grace defend us!Be thou a spirit of health or goblin damn'd,Bring with thee airs from heaven or blasts from hell,Be thy intents wicked or charitable,Thou comest in such a questionable shapeThat 1 will speak to thee. I'll call thee Basilio....Say why is this?...But the phantom replied not a word and twisted its face still more maliciously. Malvolio'sflesh crept and his passionate blood froze in his veins; then, remembering the advice ofthe chevalier 44 sans peur et sans reproche " Monsieur Parolies, ran away as fast as hislegs could carry him. Basilio however does not give up the game and sets off after himin chase.The count, who has been heartily amused at Malvolio's fright, comes forth from thebower with his lively companion. The peasants of both sexes range themselves in couplesready for dancing.In a moment will resound the willing fandango... and the count himself in the first pairwill open the dance with his ever-romantic wife, whom he loves dearly, yet all the same isof the opinion that 44 three years of married life render hymen so worthy of esteem that...." &lt;*p In a moment the bridegroom himself who was the " metteur en sc&amp;ne " of that amusingfarce, will begin, to the sounds of Basilio's murderous guitar, to sing his favourite eavatina:** Ah! che bet vivere, ehe bel piacereper un barbieredi quaiita, di quality " (i)M And he will remember Seville.... the beloved old houses smiling at the passers by withtheir windows decorated with flowers and with the faces of maidens, glancing stealthilyfrom behind the curtains; he will remember the serenades, the ravishment, the red lanterns,the love errands.... and his difficult trade, requiring so much wit and courage, of barber." Tutti mi chiedono, tutti mi vogliono,donne, ragazzi, vecchie, fanciulle,qua la parrucca, presto la barba,qua la sanguigna, presto il biglietto...and the echo in the park will respond " Figaro!.... Figaro!.... Figaro!.... Figaro!.... Figaro....&amp; And it will seem to him that it is the Seville maidens calling. &amp;&amp; But " the iron tongue of midnight hath told twelve.... lovers to bed ! " Soon the hungrylion will begin to roar and the wolf to howl at the moon: soon the owls will pass over thesick in their beds, and poison their minds with dreams of coffins and shrouds: soon thebolts of the tombs will opeh, from which skeletons of the dead will come forth and startoff the dance around the chapel.&amp; Arrive Queen Mab! The hour for human dreams has struck, the hour that announcesthe aurora to spirits of all kinds. &amp;And now on to the stage floats tiny Queen Mab, the well-known fairies7 midwife, in achariot of an empty hazel-nut, drawn by a team of little atomies, driven by a gnat, cleverlyrestraining his fiery steeds, in colours of the moon shine's watery beams. The Queen,comfortably lolling in her little carriage, gives her orders carelessly to her waggoner, whoin the twinkling of an eye fulfils her capricious wishes. And thus passes the merry driveof this lavish cateress of strange dreams," Through lovers* brains, and then they dream of love;O' er lawyers' fingers, who straight dream on fees,O' er ladies' lips who straight on kisses dream....&amp; Glance out of the windows at the palace. On a white bed Juliet sleeps, with handsfolded as though in prayer; the lamp, hanging before the picture of the Madonna, illuminatesfrom time to time, with its flickering, the sweetly smiling face. In his bachelor's roomMalvolio is already snoring tucked up in an eider down, his head bound with a wet towel,and dreaming of how to morrow he will make a charming bow, and smile to his Lady Olivia.&lt;£? The worthy Alcayde Brid' oison has fallen asleep in his long wig, letting the judge'sstaff fall out of his hand.... and dreams of sentences, executions and sacks of thalers. Ina bedroom hung with pink satin, on a bed of swansdown, the countess has also fallen intoslumber and her lips are dreaming of Cherubin's kisses, which, although innocent,.... mustbe passionate.Sleep peacefully, ye mortals who are as the everlasting dancing-jacks for sprites. Sleeppeacefully and dream pleasant dreams; tomorrow perhaps you will awake with the bitternessof annoyance in your mouths and salt tears will flow from your heavy eye-lids, furrowingtears of regret for the lost dream: sleep peacefully.... and whoever of you will renderservice to the spirits, as a reward will never awaken, and the elves will transform hissoul into a soap bubble, and high up under the sun will let it free, to burst there inrainbow colours far from the world and far from men. &amp; &amp; &amp;And now, ladies and gentlemen, let us show What we know I On With the dance.... playfrom your hearts!Behold! Windy Papagino who has had the golden padlock taken from his lips, half man,half some fabulous bird, overgrown with gold and green parrot's feathers, has put hissyringe to his lips, at whose voice the sleeping birds arouse, and draws them to histreacherous cage«• Der Vogelhlndler bin ich ja"A strange bird-fancier Indeed who catches the birds in his nets, and does not sell them at lairs at ail, because in the enchanted country, of which he is a citizen, fairs are unknown;silver money is a smile, and gold a kiss. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Behold! The trees, clothed in short lace dresses of leaves, having coquettishly deckedthemselves out with flowery Jewels, gladdened with this music, take each other by theirbough-hands and move in a striding dance, tapping smartly on the ground with their up- torn roots. See in the avenue how the slender poplars are dancing the country-dance, andthere by the lake rustle the silken skirts of the silver-haired birches, turning pirouetteson one spot.&lt;£? Behold! Wonders! Wonders! The nightingales hover round the head of the squeakingmusician and take the first parts with their learned voices in this dancing air. Prom thedepths of the park runs in " Arlequin poll par 1'amour ", who having treacherously stolenthe divining rod from the fairy who has fallen in love with him, has now become masterof the little world of spirits. Look how cleverly he wields the stick, trying the effects ofmoulinet on the skins of the astounded elves, not sparing even the poor little fairy becauseshe had tormented him with her ethereal and distinguished passion, because she had spuna net of intrigue around his love for the beautiful shepherdess Silvia. Look how the elvesare obliged to jump over Harlequin's stick, look at the queen herself fuming with helplessrage, and how, smoothing her tinsel garment, she must dance whether she will or no. Butas there is an end to everything, and as Harlequin's anger is as innocent and of as shortduration as the comedies of his worship Mr. Pierre Carlet de Chamblain de Marivaux, forthis reason he forgives the fairy on condition that " there will be singing and dancing...."already rocking " on the waves in the gulf, are the boats decorated with wreaths andribbons, ready to transport the idyllic couples to Cythere, the country of Watteau. Harlequinthen bows politely to the public, thanks them for their " bravos " and goes behind thescenes, lying finally that " he is going somewhere to proclaim himself king..... "But what Is the matter, Papagino? Thy melody is becoming appalling. Did we notknow thee, thou old windy fellow, we should be ready to swear that some evil spirit had%commenced his night revels. Desist, for it is getting terrible.... look, the nightingales arescared and fly away from thee, hiding themselves in the thickets.... look, thy evil-omenedmusic attracts the clouds in the heavens who have cast a pall-like veil over the silver faceof the moon.... Oh, desist, player, we entreat thee, thy song reviles the gods who give theea bloody response with lightening flashes. Furious Aquila blowing across the garden hastorn the leaves from the branches, and the trees stretch up their naked blackened shoulderstowards the sky, as though they would call for vengeance.... Oh Heavens,".... What are theseSo withered and so wild in their attire,That look not like the inhabitants of earth,And yet are on't? Live you? or are you aughtThat man may question? You seem to understand me,By each at once her choppy finger layingUpon her skinny lips: you should be women,And yet your beards forbid me to interpretThat you are so. "Tell us why you look on us with such terrible gaze, seated around the cauldron fromwhich burst forth flames, intoxicating with the smell of blood. Oh! your silence is awfuland shortens the hours of our life. Are you meditating perhaps over some but newlyperpetrated crime? Heigh! behold companions! Running towards us is a grey-haired oldman, with a wreath of herbs on his head instead of a crown, and instead of a sceptre a,branch of fir, which he sometimes straddles as though it were a horse, when his weaklegs refuse to obey him.Hola! Where is the royal retinue? Where is the cup-bearer who should give his Majestythe King to drink? Where is the seneschal who shall saddle the finest stallion from theroyal stud.... evil servants,... look look! The old man can scarcely creep about, starvingwith hunger and thirst. Look how ths tears roll down his cheeks engraven with thewrinkles of trouble. Yet, but just now, he was singing with his fool and arranging wisemaxims with his philosopher Poor Tom. Who in the world has dared to do him such wrongthat he tears his silver hair calling on the vengeance of thunder-bolts? What mean these words: " I tax not you, yon elements, with unkindness;I never gave you kingdom, called you children,You owe me no subscription : then let fallYour horrible pleasure. "Oh look! look! The zigzags of the thunderbolts one after the other pierce the air; theystrike trees a century old, which, falling on the ground barricade these night wanderers'road. Look! The lightening illuminated someone's terrible face. Who art thou, man,crouching in the undergrowth not coming forward with help for poor folks? Ha! thy blackface hath betrayed thee, Aaron.... 1 see on thy hands the still uncongealed blood. Humblethyself before me and repent of thy sins, for in truth thy last hour hath struck. Art thounot sorry for these heinous deeds, abominable Moor? Thou sayest thou art sorry thou hadstnot done a thousand more, for which Tamora Queen of the Goths rewarded thee with usurywith her impure kisses. Thou laughest long and almost broke thy heart with extremelaughter, on beholding the victims of thy murderous desires. Thou wilt laugh another waywhen in the damp obscure cell will appear to thee in the sleepless night the spectre ofHunger....&amp; But look, my brothers, what a singular change of scene is accomplished before our eyes.Behold! The flower beds are changed into graves, and the rose bushes into wooden crossesand the bower, in which the love pair were cooing, is transformed into a chapel standingin a grove of mournful cypresses. The Garden of the Dead. The favourite spot for meditationof the strangely inclined Prince Hamlet and of the misanthrope Alceste. Every day at thishour do they come here clothed in mourning raiment, so as, escaping from the tumult ofhuman hypocrisy, to sit on the tombs of those who are already possessors of extreme wisdomand of supreme joy, and to become plunged in thoughts of the same hue as their dress.Look; the prince stands over the tomb of the unfortunate lovers from Verona and, smilingbitterly to himself, repeats monotonously: " To die: to sleep, no more; " Look, Alcestestanding over the neglected tomb of Timon of Athens, over that " everlasting mansion uponthe bleached verge of the salt=flood; who once a day with his embossed froth the turbulentsurge covers, " engraves these words; " Trop de perversitd regne au siecle oil noussommes. " (1) The meditations of these solitaries are accompanied by the gravediggerswith their careless ditties and the hollow blows of their picks on the crumbling skullsof diplomats, courtiers, jurists and fools.... &amp;&amp; Hark! The morning singer, the cock on the church steeple, has crowed in greeting tothe sun, turning round quickly on one leg; the monks in the white monastery are ringingfor matins. Blessed be the name of the Lord: happy are those who have awakened livingafter this night of phantom dreams; happy are those who on coming out of their housessign themselves with the holy sign of the Cross, and smile gleefully to the swallows, whoare sticking their nests above the windows, bringing luck to good people, and smile gleefullyat the pilgrims who are going to far=off miraculous places, praying for everybody and foreverything. But what will it be for us, this day we have greeted with song, can we tell?Heigh! The forest wakes.... as from a censor floats the perfume of mint and resin; theyellow thrushes and blackbirds, troubadours of the forest, sing their aubades. Heigh! Theforest of Arden! The banished old duke is awake and has seated himself with his attendants,Lord Amiens and Lord Jacques, to their morning refreshment, and taking in his hands thewooden cup filled with a precious beverage drawn from the choicest spring, raised a toastin honour of the free life of an exile, concluding with these words:" And this our life exempt from public hauntFinds tongues in trees, books in the running brooksSermons in stones and good in everythingI would not change it. "And really, life in this forest is as in a fable, in a country beyond the seven mountainsand seven rivers. Orlando, head over ears in love, hangs up erotics, praising Rosalind'sname, on all trees.&amp; Monsieur Jaques, sulky and morose gazes sadly on a stag expiring in the shade of theoaks by the stream.... Monsieur Jaques the enemy of man and the friend of beasts and plants,able to " suck melancholy as a weasel sucks eggs. " But this his " humorous sadness " may be dispersed perhaps with the finding of Touchstone, a veritable fool in motley garb, a veryrata avis in this uninhabited forest, and then he will say to the duke " O that 1 were afool! I am ambitious for a motley coat. " &amp; &amp; &amp;In this forest, in a cave hewn out of the rock, dwells the old exile Belarius, nursing theroyal sons Quiderius and Arviragus, relating to them tales of the world which is unknownto them. Sometimes a wanderer loses his way, and then, if it be neither Cymbeline nor hisstep-son Cloten, Belarius gives him his refuge. Do you hear the woeful sound of the harpdo you hear the mournful long-drawn notes? Now the youths are carrying out of the grottothe dead boy, to whom they were united with a mysterious brotherly love, and having laidhim on the grass, cover him with flowers for a tomb, believing that that grave would befor him a bed only " with female fairies haunted " and to which " worms will not come. "But do not grieve—soon the little Page will waken, but however sad will be his awakening,when at his side he will see the headless trunk of her beloved husband (for the page wasImogen) the gods will not leave her long in despair, soon she will be convinced of hererror and of that of the Roman soldiers who rendered the last honours, and with theirpikes dug a grave for the remains not of Posthumous but of the ignominious Cloten.In this forest at the setting of the sun, when the sheep with tinkling bells return tothe fold, to the sound of the bagpipes, will be held a merry ballet of satyrs, performed bythree carters, three shepherds, three neat-herds and three swine-herds, clothed in wolfskins. To be continued. The DramatisPersona e.&amp; Their Costume» The poe t9 sdevice. Romeo. hotenzo. &amp; Malvolio. Cherubino. Don Bamlio. &amp; Figaro. Queen Mab, &amp; Papagino. Harlequin. The witches. King Lear. Aaron . A change ofscene . The forestof Ard e n. Belarius Imogen.&amp; (1) Gautler, Op. clt.(2) Gautier, " Souvenirs de Thg&amp;tre ".(S) Goethe, lb. (1) Mozart. "Figaro's Hochzeit." (i) IRessini, " Barbtere di SeViglia." (1) Moliere. " Misanthrope. ' A MEMORABLE FANCY, by W. Blake. The Prophets Isaiah and Ezekiel dined with me, and I asked them how they dared soroundly to assert that God spoke to them, and whether they did not think at the time thatthey would be misunderstood, and so be the cause of imposition. &amp; &amp;Isaiah answered: 44 I saw no God, nor heard any, in a finite organical perception: but44 my senses discovered the infinite in everything; and as I was then persuaded, and remained44 confirmed, that the voice of honest indignation is the voice of God, I cared not for46 consequences, but wrote.Then I asked: 44 Does a firm persuasion that a thing is so, make it so? " £?&amp; He replied: 44 All poets believe that it does, and in ages of imagination this firm persuasion44 removed mountains; but many are not capable of a firm persuasion of anything. " J&amp;&amp; Then Esekiel said: 44 The philosophy of the East taught the first principles of human44 perception; some nations held one principle for the origin, and some another. We of Israel44 taught that the Poetic Genius (as you now call it) was the first principle, and all the44 others merely derivative, which was the cause of our despising the Priests and Philosophers44 of other countries, and prophesying that all Gods would at last be proved to originate in44 ours, and to be the tributaries of the Poetic Genius. It was this that our great poet King44 David desired so fervently, and invokes so pathetically, saying by this he conquers enemies44 and governs kingdoms; and we so loved our God that we cursed in His name all the deities44 of surrounding nations, and asserted that they had rebelled. From these opinions the44 vulgar came to think that all nations would at last be subject to the Jews. " &amp; " This, " said he, 44 like all firm persuasions, is come to pass, for all nations believe the44 Jews' code, and worship the Jews' God; and what greater subjection can be? "I heard this with some wonder, and must confess my own conviction. After dinner Iasked Isaiah to favour the world with his lost works; he said none of equal value was lost.Ezekiel said the same of his.&amp; I also asked Isaiah what made him go naked and barefoot three years. He answered:44 The same that made our friend Diogenes the Grecian. " &amp; &amp;&amp; I then asked Ezekiel why he ate dung, and lay so long on his right and left side. Heanswered: 44 The desire of raising other meh into a perception of the infinite. This the44 North American tribes practise. And is he honest who resists his genius or conscience,44 only for the sake of present ease or gratification? " &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; MUSICAL COMEDY, ITS MANNERS &amp;METHODS by Horace Wyndham. comedy in this country is clearly named on the lucus a non lucendo principle.It seems to have been invented by Mr George Edwardes and brought to its presentpitch of efficiency, or degeneracy, (whichever way you like to take it) by Mr SeymourHicks. Perhaps, however, " evolved " would be a better term than " invented Still, whoeverthe primarily responsible party may be he has nothing of which to boast, for I would defyeven Sherlock Holmes himself to discover anything more utterly banal, pointless, devoidof humour, boring, silly, un=melodious, and generally calculated to make one tired thanthe average musical comedy as presented at the different theatres given over to this formof alleged entertainment every week day night, and Wednesday and Saturday afternoonsthroughout the year.&amp; On this subject I speak from considerable experience, for 1 have patiently sat out musicalcomedy, over and over again, and under all circumstances, occupying a place in the gallery,pit, stalls, boxes, and on the stage itself; I have stood the comedian drinks, taken theleading lady out to tea after a matinee, and shaken hands with the composer; I have heardthe music before, during, and after the performance; and in half a dozen cases I have alsoread the " book of the words " backwards, forwards, and sideways, so as to gather somerudimentary idea of the author's intentions. Yet, even after this exhaustive training, I amas far from appreciating such entertainments as ever. The loss, no doubt, is mine. &amp;&amp; Musical comedies would all appear to be built to much the same pattern, whether theybe produced at the Gaiety, or anywhere else. The person who has seen one has seen thelot. Among the features common to this description of theatrical fare is the fact that itusually takes from four to eight people to write the words and compose the music, and thateach of these people takes leave of his senses before he starts work. On the whole, I aminclined to regard this plethora of librettists and composers as a desirable provision. At anyrate, in the few instances when we have had only two persons responsible between themfor the words and music we do not seem to get beyond the childish humours of " Amasis "and pieces of a similar genre. Personally, I should like to find Mr Edwardes and Mr Frohmanenlisting a corps of fifty experts next time they produce a " play with music as it is thefashion to call these entertainments nowadays. There is just a bare possibility then thatone of the fifty might have occasional moments of intelligence.Every musical comedy is closely related to all those that have gone before, and probablyto all those that will come after it as well. I do not care two straws whether the theatrein question be the Gaiety, the Aldwych, the Apollo, or Daly's and located in the Strand, inShaftesbury Avenue, in Leicester Square, in Bayswater, or in Jericho — one specimen pieceis practically the same as another, so far as goes what is humourously called the " plot&amp; This never varies in respect of its main outlines. To begin with, we have the dashinghero, who, in return for his labours, draws a salary of fifty pounds a week and has hisname on the motor busses. He is poor but honest in the first act, and is united, with thefull consent of her parents, to the lady of his choice just before the final curtain falls. Heis further distinguished by a light baritone voice, a heart in the right place, and a fondnessfor disporting himself on ail occasions in full naval or military uniform. Sometimes his kitsuggests a pleasing attempt to combine the principal sartorial features of both Services.The heroine, with whom he has most of his scenes, is remarkable for little beyond a wealthof peroxide of hydrogen-dyed hair, a pronounced simper, and some elementary notions ofsinging and dancing. I have more respect for the comedian. This member of the cast is, itis true, generally undersized and ugly, and with about as much spontaneous humour inhis composition as one could expect of a man who habitually looks as though he had tossedfor his dinner and lost, and who has to spend his evenings making jokes that are nearlyas broad as they are long. Still, he always works harder than anybody else connected withthe piece, and it is almost entirely due to his efforts that managers, authors, and composersare able to buy motor-cars and spend the winter on the Riviera. The comedian is the " draw "the magnet.of the musical comedy world, and brings more money into the box-office thanthe rest of the company put together. Accordingly, he receives the emoluments of an ambassador for years on end, and six months after he retires into private life the publiccheerfully give him a benefit on the grounds that he is no longer able to pursue hisprofessional career and is accordingly threatened with the workhouse.&amp; As for the remainder of the lengthy cast-list associated with an up4o°date musical comedyit does not count for very much, being made up of a few young men and women in subordinateparts, supported by a chorus. These last, technically termed a " crowd caper aimlesslyabout the stage in the wake of the principals, with one eye permanently fixed on thelimelight man, and the other on the occupants of the front row of the stalls. At the propermoment, and quite mechanically, they form a picturesque group in the centre and sing atthe tops of their voices the inane words allotted them by the person who has written the44 lyrics ". To remove a general (and deeply rooted) misconception, 1 may say, as an expert,that a musical comedy 44 crowd " is always composed of entirely respectable and well-behavedyoung men and women. The only thing I have against them is that their intelligence isalmost invariably atrophied. Yet, one can scarcely blame them for this, when the natureof their employment is taken into consideration. The words of the songs (now, by the way,known as 44 lyrics ") which these unfortunate people are compelled to sing, in order to gainan honest livelihood, usually appear to have emanated from the disordered mind of awandering lunatic. I am told that in a piece of this class, called 44 The Belle of New York ",the opening lines allotted to the unhappy chorus ran:44 When a man is twenty-oneThen is the time to drink hot rum! "This bright, particular gem of its class was produced ten years ago, and is still runningin the provinces, We do not, however, appear to have advanced far since those days. As Iwrite, 1 have before me a printed copy of the 44 lyrics " of a recent Gaiety success. Here isa verse that the chorus had to deliver as the curtain rose:44 If we love in the land we liveWe must live in thte land we love,Though the iron pierce the soul,Wear the velvet glove;But the future must take its course,Be it bankruptcy or divorce;That is why we're here to seeMonsieur Babori — ah! "Between this and the old fashioned 44 sing tra, la, la, la, la! Sing tol, de rol, de, do! "that we all sneer at as being out of date, I really cannot see a hap'orth of difference. &amp;jgr If those who have read the fragment just quoted without suffering serious injury canendure a second specimen from a similar source I append one herewith:44 If ever we meet the German FleetAnd it as strong as ours is,I give you my word, Lord Charles BeresfordWill give it a slap on the trousers! "The brain that evolved this would be capable of anything. &amp;Like most other people connected with the production of musical comedies nowadays,the people who write the necessary songs always take themselves very seriously. Theyaccord interviews to reporters from Carmelite Street and discourse portentously on their44 art ". The only person among the lot of them who appears to have any sober views aboutthe matter is, it seems to me, Mr James Glover, the musical conductor of Drury Lane. Ionce read an article by this authority on the closely allied subject of pantomime songs. Inthe course of this Mr Glover backed himself to write a typical ballad off hand which shouldbe at least no worse than the average one of its kind. A representative verse from thiseffort ran as follows:44 Mary Jane of TootingWas a proper sort of girlWhen her sweetheart from his office got the push;But Mary knew a thing or twoAnd bolted with an Earl;So they're living now in naughty Shepherd's Bush! " For the life of me I cannot see that this is in any respect more vulgar or silly, ormeaningless than the average " lyric " figuring in musical comedy. Of course, there arepeople who can write songs with some regard for the principles of scansion, rhythm andsense — the names of Mr Adrian Ross, and Captain Basil Hood suggest themselves moreparticularly-— but the number of them seems to be a very small one. &amp; &amp;There are people who would like to see musical comedy prohibited, and severe penaltiesmeted out to all who either write, witness, produce, or act in anything of the sort. Despitemy own inability to appreciate such entertainments, 1 am, however, by no means opposedto them. 1 consider, indeed, that they fulfil a very good purpose, and ought on this accountto be encouraged.To begin with, every musical comedy — no matter how bad, at least provides exceedinglywell paid employment for a large number of amiable young women, with pretty faces andshapely limbs, who have not sufficient brains among the lot of them to earn ten shillingsa week as nursery governesses.Again, where else, but from the subordinate ranks of a musical comedy cast list, wouldour bachelor guardsmen and heirs to the peerage find suitable partners in life? 1 knowthat in certain exclusive—and ultra old fashioned—circles the narrow view obtains that apeer should no more marry an actress than an actor should marry a peeress. 1am convincedthough that this is entirely wrong. In fact, 1 feel so strongly on the subject that not onlywould I say an uncompromising yes to the important domestic problem, " Should Peers marryChorus Girls? " (which recently came up for discussion in the Perfect lady, or some similarorgan), but I would even go so far as to say that they ought to be compelled to do so bylaw. This is because the number of unappropriated chorus-girls is, and must be, alwaysvastly in excess of the number of eligible peers. Under the circumstances then, it is nothingless than the bounden duty of every peer, not already provided for, to lead to the altar atleast one member of the chorus. 1 am glad to find that this view is generally inclined toby at any rate the eldest sons of most of our leading peers. A few, however, are obstinatelystanding out, but this, perhaps, is only to be expected in a country where so many time-wornclass distinctions still obtain. Besides, there are peers whom no self-respecting chorus girlwould marry while an unattached scene shifter was left. Musical comedy no use, indeed 1 Pray, what shall we be hearing next-? &amp; All on the samepattern The plot The remaindeiof the Cast* &amp; The Belle ofNew York. The writers ofthe songs. The average"1yri c . " &amp; The use of Mu- sical Comedy, &amp; MatrimonialChances. A problem. THE ARCHITECTUREAND COSTUME OFSHAKESPEARE'S GREEKPLAYS by E. W. Godwin. pericles—so popular in the seventeenth century that itdivided the honours with Jane Shore—is such a verydoubtful play, no matter what point of view we take, that Imight fairly be excused if I omitted it altogether from thisseries. It is, moreover, a drama that has not been acted fora long time, and it is devoutly to foe hoped never may beacted again. Gower as chorus fixes the date of the story,and shows that the " Antiochus, King of Antioch, " of thedramatis petsonsc, is the same as Antiochus the Great whoreigned over Syria B. C. 233—187. There is nothing, probably,in the whole range of dramatic writing where the unities oftime and place are so persistently disregarded as in Pericles.In the four scenes of the short first Act we are hurriedfrom Antioch to Tyre, and from Tyre to Tharsus. By thetime we reach the second Act we find ourselves in" Pentapolis " (Cyrenaica) (1), whence we go to Tyre andback again. In the third Act we are on a ship at sea, thenat Ephesus, then at Tharsus, returning again to Ephesus.In the next act we go to and fro between Tharsus andMitylene, and in the last we go from Mitylene to Ephesus.Then again the text teems with anachronisms, e. g., stringedviols, pistols, bellows, parish churches with their steeples,bells and all, beadles, tennis courts, tournaments, shieldscharged with mediaeval devices and mottoes, ink and paper,a Spaniard in a ruff, a French knight—one " Monsieur Veroles, " a Puritan, and other late sixteenth century names of persons and things whichit is not necessary to rehearse. &amp; &amp; The Comedy of Errors, on the other hand, possesses complete unity of time and place;and although the text is somewhat laden with anachronisms, there is nothing so outrageousas a medieval tournament taking a place In the action of a piece which in itself professesto belong to the time of Antiochus the Great. The scene of this Comedy is Ephesus, andthe time that when the old order of things was giving place to the new. Therefore,although 1 have classed this work with the Greek plays, it is really classical only in theassociations of its scenery and in the pictures it may present us of such portions of theancient city which may have been preserved as late as the time of Constantine. For wemust, i think, admit that the Comedy of Errors has reference to a time when the ChristianChurch of Ephesus was enjoying either the undisturbed days that followed after theDiocletian persecution (A. D. 303), or the earlier lull that ensued about fifty years beforethis, or immediately after the Valerian persecution. As there is not the faintest indicationIn the text of the worship of either the Greek or Ephesian Artemis, as no one throughoutthe play refers to any god or goddess of Roman, Greek, or Asiatic mythology, and as thereis an abbess evidently regarded with no small respect, I am inclined to accept the latestdate or the reign of Constantine the Great, A. D. 306-337, as the period of the action, atime when Ephesus, although her glory had departed, was still a busy place, when hertemples and public buildings had not yet been scanned from the quarryman's point of view,and when a stranger might very well desire or even be anxious to " view the city, " and" gaze upon the buildings &amp; The scenery as set down for this comedy consists of: —1. A hall in the Duke's palace.2. A public place (for Acts 2 and 4).3. A public place (in front of the house of Antipholus for Act. 3).4. A public place (in front of a nunnery for Act 5).&amp; The second Scene of the first Act is also a public place or street; and if an openvestibule or portico of the palace be arranged so as to form part of it, one set scene mightwell serve for the first Act. The scenery thus treated would be wholly external, andillustrative of the street architecture of Ephesus circa A. D. 330. With a little care thesefour scenes might be made very interesting, for nowhere did the twilight of the old orderof things and the dawn of the new commingle more completely than in this great Ioniancity. But the old order of things was very different in the Ionian Greek colony of AsiaMinor to what it was in Hellas proper. The basic influence of the native or Asiatic in thiscolony was immense, whilst the operations, first of their neighbour Crceseus, then of Persiaon the one hand, and Macedonia on the other, were not likely to pass over the heads ofsuch a lively impressionable mixed population as the Ephesians were without leaving someevidence behind them. The Asiatic part in the combination was markedly visible in thegreat idol. The Artemis of the Greeks closely fellowed in the Diana of the Romans wasever a maiden goddess, and in early mythology was as distinct from the Goddess of the Moonas Apollo was from Helios. The chaste goddess of the silver bow sending forth arrows armed0with plagues and death for man and beast, yet helpful and curative, and especially watchfulof the young, is a very different sort of divinity from one whose priests were eunuchs,and who embodied as her chief attractions the ideas of fructification and nourishment:one who was represented not as a tall small-hipped, beautiful woman by any manner ofmeans, but as a strange archaic mass of symbolism, of which it is enough to say that amural crown rested upon the head, and the body was literally covered with numerousbreasts (1). Later on, or B. C., 355, when the Great Temple (whose character, has been madeknown to us through Mr. J. T. Wood's excavations) was designed, the influence ofPersepolitan art becomes manifest. The colunince ccelatce are almost as widely separatedfrom the pillars of the Athenian Propylae or the Parthenon as the freest-Renaissance isfrom the severest Roman. Commercial prosperity and undisciplined freedom were tolerablysafe foundations for the licentiousness and voluptuous luxury that towered not only overEphesian society, but over the whole Ionian district, and this licentiousness, splendid in itsextravagance, we may be quite sure found expression in architecture and sculpture as wellas in poetry and music, or in habits of life. The fragments of the Temple now in the BritishMuseum, especially of the colunince ccelatce, or sculptured pillars, are quite sufficient to showthis, and although from its size and its costliness, both in material and labour, this buildingmight have arrested the attention of the mass of the people, and have been regarded as oneof the wonders of the world by men who revelled in the luck of their geographical position,who loved uproar and witchcraft, but could not fight—although no doubt there were certainelegances in its Ionic proportions, enchanting effects in its tall columns and their long vistasand bewitching beauty in its architectural features made to look their best by help of paintand the plastic art; yet from the evidence before us the Doric temple of Minerva at Athens,covering not a quarter of the area this at Ephesus occupied, must have been as immeasurablysuperior to it as order is to confusion or sobriety to intemperance. The general streetarchitecture of Ephesus, A. D. 330, would not, however, be composed of Ionic colonnades, norwould the house of Antipholus, nor even that of the chief magistrate, duke, or proconsulbe a miniature reproduction of the temple of Artemis or Diana. That the houses of Ephesuswere more elaborate and more fanciful than those of towns where the Doric style prevailedmay be at once admitted; that in the better class of buildings the upper floor might havebeen planned as an open loggia surrounded by Ionic columns supporting entablature andlow-pitched roof is not improbable; that public leschai with rows of marble shafts andpicture-covered walls might be seen in many an open place is more than probable, and itis not unlikely that some of these might have existed in the midst of new Roman arches andpiles of Roman pilasters in A. D. 330 but the scene painter, whose only notion of Ephesus is that it was a town of Greek temples or a city of Roman palaces or basilicas, would dobetter if, instead of troubling to put his idea into pictured form of pillar and pediment,he gave us whitewashed canvas and wrote upon it—" This is Ephesus." If, however, he isminded to make his v/ork go hand in hand with our age—an age when every branch ofscience is being more or less explored—then by careful study of Mr Wood's discoveries andof such remains and restorations of the monuments of Xanthus and Halicarnassus thatwe possess the character of the early architecture of Ephesus may be secured. So, also,by turning his attention to such works as the houses at Pompeii, the Flavian Amphiteatre(A. D. 70), Diocletian's Palace at Spalatro (A. D. 284), and even the Porta Nigra at Treves,he may be enabled, if he has any constructive intelligence, to give us a tolerably fair ideaof the later buildings of Ephesus in A. D. 330. &amp;&amp; For the costume of the Comedy of Errors authorities are to be found in wall paintings,in coins, and in the sculptures of the reign of Constantine. The influence of Rome, it mustbe remembered, was like no other influence the world has ever experienced in the irresistiblepower with which she grasped the outward life of the people she conquered, moulding theirdress and their building, in her own way. In Gaul, in Germany, in Asia, as in Italy, thesame Roman fashions prevailed. The ordinary civil dress was a long tunic, made withoutsleeves, but cut square, so that the material fell over the shoulder like loose sleeves, muchthe same as we see in the Greek chiton, for the sleeved tunic does not appear to have beengenerally adopted until the fifth century. The men's tunic was as a rule short, the women'slong. Three kinds of mantle or upper garment were used at this time:—1, a short thickwoollen cloak, called pcenula, reaching to the knee, chiefly used on journeys as lesscumbersome than the other forms of wrap; 2, a birrus or cloak for rainy weather, generallymade of wool left long and shaggy—this was also used as a hood or covering for the head;3, the toga, used only by the upper classes at important meetings or on great festive occasions;this robe was made extremely capacious, so as to be full of folds when arranged on thebody, and was cut in a curved shape, usually something less than a semicircle: one end wasthrown over the left shoulder, and the circular part hung down in front, neariy as low asthe feet. It was then wrapped round the back, passed under the right arm, and broughtonce more over the left shoulder across the chest like a belt, but not too tightly. The" Duke" in the play should wear a toga embroidered with gold, but the ordinary togawas of plain white wool. In A. D. 330 the use of the toga was rapidly on the decline. Asan article of female costume it had long been given up, except by the meretrix and theadultera, the latter of whom at the time we are considering had not much opportunity forthe display of the toga or any other costume, for by the law of Constantine she was firstwhipped and then sent to a nunnery, whence if not taken by her husband she was forcedto take the habit of a nun and the convent gate was closed on her for ever. The meretrixin the comedy might, besides her tunic, wear a thin silk scarf or shawl, for silk or sericumas an ordinary material for the better kind of dress had come into fashion, gone out andcome in again since the time of Hermione and Timon of Athens. Holoserica or bonbycinumwas made entirely from the cocoons of the homhyx or silkworm, but there was also asemi=silk manufacture known by the name subsericus, where the wrap was of linen orwool, and this was by no means an uncommon material in the wardrobes of the luxuriousand the gay of both sexes, although its use was regarded with more or less jealousy byimperial eyes. The "Abbess" would be dressed in the tunic and the birrus; the latterworn over the head—hood*wise—brought round the right cheek over the breast, and thrownover the left shoulder. Any figure on the dress, or on the " Priory," would be probablylimited to that of the sacred monogram (the X and P) which appears on the coins ofConstantine, and which seems to have been then generally used, precisely as thesimple form of cross was at a later period. A material much affected by the Christiansof this period was a woollen stuff with a dark band woven in it, or left as the selvage. Inthe latter case the dress, if made of four widths of stuff, would thus have two vertical stripeson the front and the back, where the selvages joined. The psenula shown on one ofthe paintings in the Catacombs, illustrated by Perret, shows the outer or edge border dark,and two bands double the width of this border, dividing the mantle into what, if laid out,would be three equal portions. Shoes and slippers appear to have been commonly worn byboth sexes, and necklaces, chains, ear-rings, costly girdles, and head dresses, seem to have Peric 1 e s . The Come dyof Errors* The Scene ry. A2te m i s Architecture &amp;Sculpture. The houses ofJ^phesus. The Costume. The toga. The meretrix. The Ah bess . (1) As even the author of Pericles with the assistance of a chorus can hardly bring, at one and the same time, the goodKing Simonides and his friends into five cities, we must select one out ol Pentapolis for the King's residence, and thecity Cyrene will do as well as any other. &amp;&amp;£&gt;&amp;&amp;&gt;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;■ &amp; (i) Artemis, in early Greek myth, Is, so to speak, the female of Apollo; when Apollo and Helios were confounded together,and treated as one personality, Artemis and Selene became one. The greatness of the Ephesian divinity seems to haveconsisted in its dual nature. found favour in the eyes of the fair Ephesians in spite of all St. Paul's teaching.Reprinted by kind permission of the proprietor of " The Architect. " SHAKESPEARE MEMORIAL.A Nation a 1 Theatre. TO THE PUBLIC ALLEN CARRIC. you heard of it? Have you been asked about it? Do you want it? Can you bearit? And then can you be terribly revenged after you have got it? &amp; &amp; &amp;&lt;£? You noble aristocracy of England, you poor city gentlemen with responsibilities enoughon your shoulders, and you, struggling middle class, are you aware that you are about tobe " presented " with a scheme which is now being prepared for you by the ExecutiveCommittee of the proposed theatre&amp; The plot has been brewing for a long time. Some first signs of simmering wereobserved a while ago, and now the thing promises to boil. If the scheme develops tolarger proportions an eruption may be expected and extermination faithfully guaranteed.&amp; Extermination of what? Why, of everything that Shakespeare stands for.&amp; The details of the scheme are to be made public this month, when the general meetingof the committee will take place." Round about the cauldron go,In the poison'd entrails throw. "&amp; It is generally whispered that a well-known actor-manager will be made the scapegoatfor a lot of former indiscretions on the part of the Theatre in the matter of producingShakespeare in the florid Piccadilly manner." Cool it with a baboon's blood," Then the charm is firm and good ".Meantime, Public, what do you think of the whole matter?.... I mean to say, the expensehas been estimated at a million sterling; a million so that a pack of amateurs can makesport of a giant. It is announced definitely that a public fund is contemplated; that is tosay, dear Public, you pay at least half a million so that a National Theatre may be knockedtogether; and then, after it has been opened, you have got to pay for your seats, whichat the end of ten years amounts to about another million out of your pockets. &lt;£&gt;Now, this is awfully spirited of you, but awfully foolish, because the beauty ofShakespeare is not going to be brought to you even if you pay twenty million. And let metell you another thing which will remain true long after you and I are dead. It is thatthe Art of the Theatre is not going to come into this National Theatre, this Memorial toShakespeare. &amp; &amp;You may think that if you give half a million of money to building a National Theatreyou are doing the same for the Art of the Theatre as you are for the Art of Painting whenyou give the same sum to erecting a National Gallery. But the two things in no wayresemble each other. In the National Gallery you have examples of all the great Mastersof Europe. When they are purchased they are hung in their position and you may go tosee them any year you like and you will find them as you last saw them. They haveactually not been tampered with: they have positively not been made "up to date ": inshort the Directors of the Gallery have not availed themselves of " every modern advantagethe studios offer ". But if we had a National Theatre the managers of it would perhapsthink they were producing Shakespeare " as he would have wished ", that is to say, theywould avail themselves of all these " advantages " which the modern stage has to offer.Now, these advantages are positively disadvantages, and Shakespeare would have beenthe first to deride the idea of these tricks and decorations as bringing anything towardsthe interpretation of his stupendous drama. &amp; JS&gt; &amp;&amp; Not that 1 am at all inclined to think that he would have advocated the old Elizabethanway of producing his plays today, but because one extreme is not right is no reason forrushing to the other. Indeed, both extremes are equally what may be described as "eccentric".What we have to find, if it is possible to find, is the right way of producing Shakespeare,....something in between these two extremes; something balanced. &amp; &amp;44 Tell me, (if your artCan tell so much), shall Banquo's issue everReign in this kingdom? &amp; Well, it is a difficult question to answer, but it is a fearsome thing when Actor«ManagerMacbeth becomes ambitious. He then dreams of daggers; he then plots and offers thescheme to the Public: he then annexes a new theatrical castle with all modern improvementsattached to it. He murders Shakespeare,.... but forgets that Banquo is looking round thecorner, and he doesn't even reckon with the little Fleance who escapes. NO, really it iscareless on the part of the Actor Manager: if he kills Shakespeare he should really kill thewhole brood. &amp;Yet even then all the perfumes of Arabia will not sweeten his little hand.... Oh, oh, oh. "THE ERA" UPON ART &amp; THE MILLIONAIRE " THINGS ARE AT SUCH A PASS IN ENGLAND THAT NONE BUT THE MILLIONAIRE CANAFFORD TO BE PURELY ARTISTIC.what does this mean? The Bra is responsible for the passage: the Daily Mail copiesit, and thereby more than a million people are told that no one can afford to be purelyartistic except the millionaire,... as if a man could be purely artistic by the grace of hismillions! What does it mean? It reads like nonsense and yet I suppose there must besomething in it. &lt;£? And yet again there seems to be nothing in it, for I know at leastthree people in England possessed of about twenty=four pounds sterling and a few tables andchairs, and who are yet entirely what can be described as " artistic. " &amp; &amp;&amp; It is quite extraordinary how a certain set of Englishmen in responsible journalisticpositions become utterly confused as to the reason of art, the means of bringing it about,and the kind of person who brings it about.&amp; Does the Bra perhaps mean that only a millionaire can afford to buy works of art becausein England works of art are so expensive? If so this statement is entirely false. It is onlyworks of extremely bad taste that are expensive..., expensive from every point of view. &amp;&amp; Thus, in the theatre, we have a vulgar showy performance which costs, we are assuredby the manager, ten thousand pounds; whereas a beautiful production on the stagecosts far less than this if artists and good sound craftsmen are employed. &amp; &amp;&amp; The worst part of theatrical affairs in regard to productions in England is that the managerputs his job into the hands of " Firms. " &amp;&amp; These Firms are very excellent and reliable in all matters pertaining to yards andinches, and these Firms also know how to charge so that their establishments shall be asuccess. All this is very creditable to them but it is disastrous to the theatre. &amp;What the managers have never understood is that they should engage their stagemanagers, their scenic artists, their costumiers, their artistic advisers and all connectedwith the different works which are to be produced year after year in the same theatre,and they should never go to any other people but these when producing a work. Thesepeople would then all work hand in hand, would be as practical as any Firm, and, what ismore, they would perhaps, through the gifts of one special artist in the theatre, produceworks of great taste.This is the system which is beginning to be general in some few of the first theatresof Europe, and it works extremely satisfactorily. Everyone in the theatre is then morecontented, and they are able to produce works of a better quality, and to produce anyplays which they wish without consulting the public and without dread of bankruptcy. &amp; THE THEATRE IN GERMANY, HOLLAND, RUSSIA &amp;ENGLAND GORDON CRAIG. Moscow. &amp; A Series of fromGordon Craig.My dear Semar,I have been intending to write you about theTheatre in England. Perhaps one of thesedays I may be inspired to fill in a picturepost card with the few necessary expressivewords, but today words fail me to expressall I feel about the Theatre in England. &amp;You see I've seen it and the jolly fellows whoperpetrate it; they are great fun.... I couldwrite you books about them and their genial amiabilities. &amp;I am now in Russia and lodged in thevivid city of Moscow: feted by the actorsof the first theatre here, who are someof the most splendid fellows in the world,and, besides being admirable hosts they areadmirable actors. &lt;£? &amp;Moskwin, Artem, Leonidow, Katschalow,Wischnewski, Luschski, Ballif, Adaschew; FrauLilina,... quite delicious; Frau Knipper,...magnificent when she wishes; the two chil*dren in "The Blue Bird" adorable, and clever.Add to these the hundred other actorsand actresses who show promise of forminga powerful and united dramatic force,... andlet me tell you they are one and all intelli*gent, enthusiastic about their work, workingcontinuously, new plays each day, newideas each minute,.... and with this to goon you can form for yourself whatever im- pression you wish.If such a company could be conjured intoexistence in England Shakespeare would againbecome a force. As it is he is merely a stockin trade. The Art Theatre here, (about whichI write) is alive,... is possessed of characterand intelligence. &lt;£?Its directors, Constantin Stanislawsky andNemirowitsch Dantschenko, have achievedthe impossible: they have successfullyestablished a noncommercial Theatre.They believe in Realism as a medium throughwhich the actor can reveal the psychology ofthe dramatist. I don't believe in it. This isnot the place to discuss the wisdom or follyof this theory: in the dust jewels are some*times found; by looking downward the skycan sometimes be seen.It is quite enough to say that what they doupon their stage they do to perfection. Theywaste time, money, labour, brains and pa*tience like Emperors: like true Emperorsthey do not think they have done all when they have merely spent a lavish sum upondecorations and machinery, although they donot omit to attend to this. jp They give hundreds of rehearsals to a play,they change and rechange a scene until itbalances to their thought: they rehearse andrehearse and rehearse, inventing detail upondetail with consummate care and patienceand always with vivid intelligence,... Russianintelligence. Seriousness, character, these twoqualities will guide the Moscow Art Theatreto unending success in Europe or elsewhere.Their theatre was born with a silver spoonin its mouth: it is now only ten years old:it has a long life before it: when it comesof age it will be a firmly established institu*tion. It must take care not to court Poetry....and must certainly not wed her, but whenit reaches man's estate it will awaken to anew consciousness,... spread wings and soarby the two wings of imagination into thatvaster and more open path which has no nameand leads nowhere beyond itself.And I am perhaps more miserable than everbefore in my life, because I realise the hopelessinactivity of England and its stage, the hope*less vanity and folly of its stage, the utterstupidity of every one connected with theArts in England, the death-like complaisancywith which London thinks it is active andintelligent about these matters, the idiocy ofthat section of the Press which calls everycourageous attempt to revive Life and Art"eccentric,..." that lack of comradeship in Lon*don,... that lust for twopence at all costs.The English actors have no chance; theirsystem of management is bad: they get nochance of study or experience and dare notrebel or they would lose their bread andbutter; so they laugh their life away as bestthey can.... that is to say, grimly.&amp; The Russian actors of the KunstlerischesTheater at Moscow give me the impressionthat they experience a keener intellectualenjoyment during their performances thanany other actors in Europe. &amp;All their performances are admirable, andwhether they touch a play of modern life andmodern feeling or a fairy tale, the touch isalways sure, always delicate, masterly.... Nothing is slipshod. Everything is treated seri*ously,... seriousness, as 1 have said, is themarked quality of this Russian theatre.Earnestness is never apparent.... coming fromEngland this seriousness is possibly moreapparent to me than if I were a resident here.In England the spirit of mockery is the sameforce as it was thirty years ago when E. W.Godwin drew attention to the fact. Themanagers and actors are afraid to be serious....they might be laughed at.... they mostnaturally fear to be merely earnest. In Englandwe find a clever actor laughing at his part, andhimself, and winking all the time at theaudience, horrified lest he may be takenseriously for what he really never meant. Tocommit himself would be more than a crime, as Alexandre says, it would be a blunder. &amp;Here in Moscow they risk the blunder andachieve the distinction of being the best setof actors upon the European stage.Less of a spontaneous whirlwind than Qrasso,their first actor Stanislawsky is more intel- lectual. jg? &amp; &amp; j£*This is not to be misunderstood. You are notto imagine that this actor is cold or stilted.A simpler technique, a more human resultwould be difficult to find. A master ofpsychology, his acting is most realistic.... yethe avoids nearly all the brutalities.,., hisperformances are all remarkable for theirgrace. I can find no better word. &lt;£?I have been most pleased by the performance44 of Onkel Wanja ", although this company isable to handle any play admirably. &amp;In 44 The Enemy of the People " Stanislawskyshows us how to act Dr Stockmann withoutbeing 44 theatrical " and without being comicor dull. The audience smile all the time thatthey are not being moved to tears, but neverdoes a coarse roar go up such as we are usedto in the English Theatre.Let me congratulate you on your Journalwhich does not improve but developesdelightfully.I cannot believe you will really print10,000 copies in February. You really deservethe gratitude of the European theatre... FOREIGN NOTES FLORENCE J. S. 'TMhe one important piece of news here in* relation to the theatre is that Mr GordonCraig has taken the Arena Goldoni. (1) .&lt;&amp;This is perhaps the most beautiful theatrein Europe with the exception of the Greekand Roman theatres and Palladio's theatrein Vicenza. jg&gt; jg? &amp;It is open to the air, its seats are built ofstone, more than fifteen hundred people canbe seated and the stage is a very large one.A portion of the Theatre he has put at thedisposal of the publishers of The Mask fortheir use as editorial offices. jg/Mr Gordon Craig, after some months' absence,has himself returned to Florence, which heintends to make his head-quarters and will,I understand, now continue the work hebegan here in February 1907, a date which marked a new period in his development ofthat which he holds to be the Art of theTheatre in its purest form. &amp; &amp;The carrying forward of this will be, as I havesaid, his main work; but at the same timehe intends to assist in a few productions incertain of the European theatres. Thesetheatres he will assist because the workers inthem have an especial attraction for himpersonally and not because he believes thatthose particular theatres have solved theproblem of|the art any better than the others.His decision to give his help is thereforepurely on account of the men in those theatresand because they have expressed the beliefthat he can be of use in raising the standardof the work in their theatres. So much Igathered from a short conversation with MrCraig yesterday. &amp;This attitude is explained by the above passagewhere I have pointed out that his whole heartis so entirely given over to the discovery ofthe principles of the art in its purest formthat he no longer desires to fight with thosepeople who hold opinions different from hisown about this or that development of themodern theatre, the modern theatre havingceased to interest him beyond a certain extent.It is not, in fact, to different styles in themodern theatre that Mr Craig takes exceptionbut to the entire theatre. That he should,notwithstanding this, be prepared to assistsome of the modern directors with his ideasfor bettering the artificiality of the theatre,and making that artificiality more distin*guished is much to Mr Craig's credit.Mr Craig is also engaged on work for theMoscow Art Theatre which will in partoccupy him for at least twelve months. Thisstatement will probably be piisunderstood inEngland unless it is explained that this workis not the preparation of eight or nine differentproductions which Mr Craig has to get readyby a certain date and in a certain way, sothat it may " please the public. " Indeed Iunderstand that M. Stanislawski's theatre inMoscow makes no attempt to please thepublic.... and invariably succeeds in pleasingwithout making the I also understand that when they produce aplay in this theatre of Mr Stanislawski's inMoscow they devote as much time to it as thework demands instead of hurrying the workto fit the time. They do not set a certaindate for a production and then rush the workthrough. Indeed, so opposed to this is theirmethod that I learn that a play to be producedsometime in 1910 is already in preparation.44 If only " said Mr Craig in the course of hisconversation, referring to this fact,44 if only the"London managers would understand that this44 is the way to set about the work. If only44 they would understand that success follows"upon such a method; if only they would44 not listen to the few ignorant critics who44 keep telling them that the public must first44 be educated up, and that there is 4 such a44 risk' in presenting beautiful things, and if " only they would make enquiries abroad and" learn how active and alert is the business"management as well as the stage management" in these continental theatres then all would" be well in the English theatres for there" is as much talent going to seed in London"as in the whole of Europe, and I can'texpress my sorrow and my fury,... I don't44 know which is the greater..., at seeing" the London theatre managers waste the" wonderful material which they have at hand." The people who are to blame are, in my" opinion, the actor managers and the busi«44 ness managers, chiefly the latter, and if44 there is anything I can do to expose their44 meanness and their want of pluck I will44 do it. I have in my eye certain men who44 positively clog the advance of the English44 Theatre; they are as debris which can dam44 the best and biggest river—but with care 44 they can be removed. " &amp; &amp; (1) An article on this Interesting1 and very beautiful theatrehas been promised us, and will appear early in the newyear. Ed: MOSCOW V. N. /"Trasso, the extraordinary Sicilian being,is a poor word with which to describehim), has swooped down upon Moscow andmade everybody smile with the consciouspleasure of their existence.Actors as great as Grasso have that power ofawakening a multitude from its annual sleepinto which it falls. j2&gt;They are not to be called 44 artists ", theseextraordinary beings; they are nature'schildren just as much as waterfalls, rivers,great birds, grand animals, are nature'soffspring. I, for one, admire such signs of theprodigality of Nature, and have but one regret,which is, that such forces should be crampedwithin the artificial box of a place we call atheatre... an embankment, or a cage, for theirfull glory can only be realized in natural surroundings, free of all restrictions. LONDON R. S. Hp he Afternoon Theatre is announced. 44f1isMajesty's " is the meeting place. The name is a curious one, but probably abetter is not to be found. Still, it conveysbut little to the man or woman who caresnot a rap whether Beauty is to be seen at 2.30or at 8 o' clock so long as Beauty actuallyappears. But one may wish the new venturesuccess and hope it will steer clear of thethe amateur. There is cleverness in the idea,and Frederick Whelen's management will be interesting to watch. &lt;£? &amp; EDITORIAL NOTES In the July and August numbers of the Mask*1 drew attention to a disquieting exhibitionof scenes from the life of Jesus Christ which1 witnessed at a Cinemetograph performancein Florence.It was, as 1 said, a diabolical parody, forwhich much money had been spent, andwhile pretending to be religious it wasessentially profane. And now I read in anAmerican journal the following announcement: A GREAT RELIGIOUS FILM. J. S. Kolem Soon to Issue the Double Subjects,Jerusalem in the Days of Christ and Davidand Goliath.44 The Kolem film manufacturing company of44 New York will have ready for release on44 Nov. 2 a notable subject of a strictly44 religious nature, or, rather, a series of44 subjects, as the reel of about 1,900 feet44 covers Biblical events commencing with" David and Goliath and ending with the fall44 of Jerusalem, seventy years after Christ." Being a religious series, the film is not44 subject to the trade agreement between44 the Edison licenses and the Film Service44 Association and may be sold outright to all44 classes of theatrical or lecture course44 exihibitors. It should prove specially valuable44 to the latter. A Mirror representative was44 given the opportunity of seeing the picture44 at the Kolem offices last week. It is contrary44 to The Mirror's rule to review films not44 witnessed in a regular place of amusement44 but it need be no violation of this rule to44 state that the film in question appears to44 be of a very high order. The scenes were44 all produced out of doors, the walls and44 edifices being represented where necessary44 by huge painted backgrounds splendidly44 executed. Nearly 200 people were employed44 in acting the several scenes, the one where44 Christ drives the money changers from the44 temple, being, perhaps, the most realistic.44 The Kolem Company accompany the subject44 with a carefully prepared lecture. "This sort of thing should be put a stop to....For all reasons.... Because of the non«religiousfeeling produced,... because of the profanityin treating such subjects in this vulgarmanner.... because of the professed intention of the Kolem Company, to make money outof these 44 Days of Christ ", because it mustbe an insult to the intelligence and thefeelings of every one except the ignorant....and because to the ignorant it is a vileinfluence, &amp; &amp;Added to this the pictures are offered toTheatres as well as to lecturers on BiblicalHistory, and such exhibitions in Theatresare as theatrical and sentimental as theyought to be religious.New York should stop the Kolem Company,from such immoralities.No amount of carefully prepared lectures onthe Life of Jesus Christ can mitigate theoffence to all Christians in thus representingin actual detail and in a sentimental manner,the profound story. &amp;And not only will all Christians be horrifiedbut also those who are not so«called Christiansmust be disgusted. It is the most subtleand dangerous attack which can be made onthe Religion of Christ.If the New York Censor or Public Prosecutordoes not take immediate action incalculableharm will be done to the people of New York.We look upon the Kolem Company as dangerouslunatics, not merely suffering from occasionalbrain storms, but as affected with braindisease in its most violent form. &amp;These films which they are putting beforethe Public are the ulcers of a pestilence morehorrible than leprosy. The Kolem Companywill deserve all the misfortune which is boundto attend their lack of forethought; and byexhibiting such pictures the Cinemetographwill forfeit the support of a large section of its public. &amp; &lt;£? THE CRITIC CRITICIZED. life are left at the end,... for the book* * holds us to the end.... to wonder that44 the man who loved and revived beauty in art44 should have wailed over want of recognition44 yet insulted the patron; have scorned the44 layman, yet appealed to twelve jurymen to44 decide between Ruskin and himself in taste44 and literature in art; that he should have44 breakfasted his friends at the expense of44 the Chelsea tradesmen, and turned to cheap44 jesting the man who sought for payments44 due; that he should call Sir Coutts Lindsay44 a shopkeeper, and enter into the most44 squalid squabbles over money that the44 annals of art offer: that he should denounce44 a story in art and then paint the meanest44 anecdote in his Leyland portrait; that he44 should brandish canes where words did not44 contain insult and advertisement enough44 for the friend after friend and acquaintance44 after acquaintance with whom he quarrelled;44 that he should be proud, and not ashamed44 of his rancour.... all this, and more, remains44 a mystery " etc, etc.So writes somebody or other (more likely44 other ") in the Illustrated Eondon News,October 24, 1908, and the dulness of the brainpf this class of London critic is exposed. When will the critic be a little more modest?When will he trouble to understand thoseabout whom he writes even if Ire cannotunderstand their work? &amp; &amp;The art critic who does not champion theartist is a poor kind of a knave. Are thereso many artists that he can afford to makemistakes in this matter?Is there a single man, woman or child whois not able to understand that royalty is athing you must take care to salute and beloyal to if you want to be worth your salt?And is there anyone who questions theRoyalty of the artist?To us it seems that Whistler wished toemphasize this to its full extent. 44 Criticsthe mob, 44 patrons ", acquaintances, have nobusiness to be familiar with the artist andhis work; and it is not merely their privilegeto remain uncovered before works of art;it is obviously part of their profession. &amp;Nations that cannot uncap before works ofart are in a bad state of health. Fools whothink they are being humourous when they44 patronise " art and the artist, and generouswhen they give a hundred guineas for amasterpiece, (or even for a good painting,for that matter) ought to be severely punished by some imprisonment or a fine. J&amp;&gt;As there is no law which punishes such licensethe artist takes the law into his own handsand the Fool is handed down to posteritygiggling and posturing. &amp;Often the artist, having had a taste of theFool, turns with disgust from the exhibition.But Whistler, with the gentle courage of aQuixote, attacks the Fool. The position ofyoung painters today has thereby been mademore possible than it was before. £&gt; &amp;The Royalty of the Artist must be insistedon until he takes his place again among theroyal things. &amp;These people who still have stupid things tosay about Whistler's life show that to thisday they do not see that everything done byWhistler was done with intention. They thinkit was all a kind of vulgar accident.But after all, the same kind of critic writesjust in the same tone about a prince who oneday decides to enter his own capital as King." Shocking ", 44 barbarous ", 44 bad tasteecco Bulgaria.... &amp;What is so extraordinary, is how critics dareto judge such a man as Whistler. It is soutterly disgraceful, so utterly idiotic,... andsurely it cannot pay? &amp; &amp; A design for "Macbeth" Act. V. Scene. I.... Gordon Craig.„ Lo you! here she comes. This is her very guise; and upon my life, fust asleep. " THE MOSHER BOOKS -2? &amp; &amp; MDCCCXCIMCMVIII &amp; &amp; &amp;For a dozen years the most artistic volumes at their price that have been issued in Americahave been published, not from New York or Boston, nor even in Philadelphia or Chicagobut it Portland, Maine. In that little city Thomas B. Mosher has been printing, withoutflourish of trumpets or wide advertising, volume after volume which in artistic excellenceare not excelled by the issues of any publishing house in the world. Then, too, Mosher hasreprinted only the gems of literature that have been declared of the first water; gems thatare, beyond objection, jewels of the world's treasury of brilliant writing. We may alsoassert that the question of gain has been secondary in Mosher's calculations. He has putout very small editions, and he has made them so beautiful in all that concerns their make-up that it is doubtful if he has ever gauged the expenditure by the possible profit. Never-theless, he must have done so, but in doing so he excites our admiration. GUY CARLETON LEE in Baltimore Sun for Dec. 18, &amp;My new Catalogue — a remarkable piece of book-work in itself — explains this unusualcompliment, and is sent free on request to book-lovers anywhere that can be reachedby mail. My Catalogues are not made up of old and hackneyed quotations concerningbooks. You are not wearied by " a jollie good book " jingle and that sort of thing, butyou are treated to some very genuine prose &amp; verse not found in every cut and-decidedly-dried anthology. THOMAS B. MOSHER PORTLAND. MAINE &amp; U. S. A. THE WOOD ENQRAVERS of San LEONARDOTHEATRE PROGRAMMES, js&gt; J£&gt;Beautiful and unique designs such as will make eachprogramme a souvenir whort preserving are made by theENGRAVERS OF S. LEONARDO. Their intention is tosupply what a distinguished and refined management wouldwish to present to their public.Further particulars on application. &amp;JZ, THE WOOD ENGRAVERS OF SAN EEONARDO.ARENAGOEDONI'VIADEISERRAGEI - FEORENCEITALY. A PORTFOLIO OF ETCHINGS. &amp;&amp; By Gordon Craig with a preface.f|nly thirty portfolios will be issued, although ten or twenty additional copies of some ofthe plates will be printed according to the condition of the plate. The plates will thenbe destroyed. Each portfolio will be numbered. Each set consists of twelve designs looselymounted on grey card and contained in a grey cloth box portfolio with fastenings. Eachplate is signed by the artist. Size of portfolio 48x30 ctms. &amp; Average size of plate.14 a/3 x 15 2/3 ctms. The price for a portfolio will be L. 16 . o . o, (400 Francs or 320 Marks).These etchings were made by the artist in the Spring of 1907 at Florence, and representhis most serious work. Connected as they are with his dream of an Ideal Theatre, theyin no way have anything in common with the modern stage. &amp; &amp; &amp;44 Movementwrites Mr Craig, 44 was at the roots of the Ancient Theatre and will ever44 remain the very Essence of the Art. 44 We must translate Movement through the medium of inanimate forms and thereby produce44 once more an Impersonal Art which shall take its place by the side of its two sisterArts, Music and Architecture". &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&lt;«ORDER FORMTo The Director,The Mask Press, Arena Qoldoni, Florence. Italy.Please send me the Portfolio of Etchings by Edward Qordon Craig, in payment for which1 enclose the sum of L. 16.0.0, (or 400 Francs or 330 Marks)Signed « LIBRA1RIE ANCIENNE &amp;T. DE MARINIS &amp; Co. £r 5 Via Vecchiettl - FIRENZEt£8aatO*£lfr\.rJrLRrtJPV*M! ! 1nn.p1aiinJRJUU•Vxe;wi— AoI-aitsII!&amp;«!SSS~td5Ploo'(US»M*00JLi2itut0]min"1*r- LIU.L«»IIIM I&amp;.44ltl&gt;zII20 0 00no*ULsbsU.im•••••I" ntwiIJPQca] 00H14 iinruvPine Collection of MSS.y lncuuabulaf rate and curious books XV-X12Z cent.Illustrated Catalogues free on application. ORD»mBHDOCHaThe principal Artistic and Literarypublication of Scandinavia. Yearly subscription Francs: 20 Wahlstrom &amp; Widstrand, StockholmPublished Monthly &amp; PURVEYOR TO 10IMPERIAL. &amp; ROYALFAMILIES -S&gt; £rFLORENCEVia dei Fossi 4 j0 (ESTABLISHED i860) &amp;AWARDED PRIZESAT 48 NATIONAL &amp;INTERNATIONALEXHIBITIONSThe largest Establishment of Sculpture inMarble Reproductions from the Antique&amp; Original Works. Portraits. Monuments,■Mantels, Pedestals, Garden Seats, &amp;Vases Fountains Flower=stands, etc:m &amp; I jsMjs?ESTIMATES GIVEN ON APPLICATIONST LOUIS MO.GRAND PRIX19 04 DINI &amp; CELLA'lArtistic &amp; Decorative Terra Cotta ofSignaVia del Fossi N. x - FLORENCE£?epi&lt;oduetion of sculptures of Old andJftodern masters M Statues * Busts «Vases &lt;« Bas*relief s M fountains « DoorsCbimneyMpieees « Bases ete. ■ ete. inevery style NEW YORK DRAMATICJE7 MIRRORThe oldest and most reliable Americantheatrical paper, published every weekat 121 West 42nd Street. New York, U.S.A.&amp; Sample copies on request free ofmmacharge. Foreign subscriptions 5.50 Dollarsone year; 1.70 Dollars three months. EDITION DE LUXE.SPECIAL NOTICE TO BOOK LOVERS15 copies of " The Mask " will be printedMonthly upon a yellow hand«made deckle-edged paper identical in appearance andtexture with that made in the same districtof Fabriano in the year 1315. This editionwill contain Etchings and other printssigned by the artist, which will not beincluded in the popular edition. &amp;Yearly subscription: England, L. 3.5.0 Post Pre©„ a a Germany, Marks 67,00 „ „„ ,t M America Dollars 16.00 „ ,,,, ,, ,, Italy Llr© 83.00 „ ,,„ „ „ Russia Roubles 30.00 ,, „