Bruno's Weekly 3 13 September 9th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-09-09_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 3 13 The contents include: 1 LEONHARD ST JOHN Illustration 1 We of the City Clement Yore cre 3 A Scarlet Letter for the Fallen Man! 3-4 Three Dollars and Sixty Cents Guido Bruno cre 4-5 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Cabaret Vincent Starrett cre 5 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Nocturne Omaha (Nebraska cre 5 Fifth Avenue Guido Bruno cre 6-7 DRAWING by DJUNA BARNES Illustration 7 Greenwich Village Attacked 7-8 Untitled Image Illustration 8 Untitled Image Illustration 8 A New Song of Solomon Tom Sleeper cre 8-9 Untitled Image Illustration 8 Untitled Image Illustration 9 FOUR DRAWINGS by F. COULTON WAUGH Illustration 9 Untitled Image Illustration 9 Untitled Image Illustration 9 Splitting the Ears of the Groundlings 10-11 Untitled Image Illustration 11 Two People. The Romance of One Night Guido Bruno cre 11-12 Why and How I Got Married 12 A Pleasant Husband D.D. (Pittsburgh cre 12 Sacrifice, Privilege of Love Alma W. (Los Angeles cre 12-13 She does not believe in marriage. A.M.B: (N. Y cre 13 High Ideals. X.Y. (Alabama cre 13 The Romance in a freight elevator. L. G cre 13 She proposed. M.F. (Detroit cre 13 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 14 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 15 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 16 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 16 BRUNO'S WEEKLY 100 Dollars for the Story of Your Marriage-(A contest for married people) EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRET ONWASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents September 9th, 1916 Copyright by Guido Bruno, September 9th, 1916. Originalmatter, including all drawings, may not be reproduced with- out permission of Guido Brun; but that permission may beassumed if credit is given to author and Bruno's Weekly. One Hundred Dollars for theStory of Your Marriage■ ' • ' 34 i : ' / ' ' •-', ' :1W • '* • y " - -.A &gt; .112 ' :;Bruno's Weekly will pay one hundred dollars for the best story settingforth why and how you were married.We don't want literary masterpieces or extraordinary stories of adven- ture. But there is a lot of romance and fragrance about those dayswhen you two met. You know you like to recall those times even ifeverything has changed since.' ' Y, / ' • •V' ':V . V V ' 0'Write down your story just as simply as it happened. We shall notuse your name if you do not wish us to do so.There is no better fiction than the one Fate writes upon the pages ofour lives. We know your story will be enjoyed by lots of others. Writeit down to-day and address it to the "Contest Editor," Bruno's Weekly,11 , ■' ' ■ \58 Washington Square, New York City.• % ■- \ . T , ? '8*Every week those stories which are printed will be paid for at space rates.The contest will close on October Ist, 1916, and the stories should be lim- ited to three hundred words. SEND YOUR STORY TO-DAY BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 13 SEPTEMBER 9th, MCMXVI Vol. 11l Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno. BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last issue) BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be Continued) BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno s Weekly, published weekly by Bruno's Weekly, Inc. Charles Edison, Pres,; Guido Bruno, Vice-Pres,;Walter L. Eckert, See. and Treas., at 58 Washington Square, New York City. Edited and written by GuidoBruno. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of New York, N. Y., October 14th, 1915 under the Act of March3rd, 1897. LEONHARD ST JOHN The contents include:A Scarlet Letter for the Fallen ManThree Dollars And Sixty CentsFifth AventieSplitting the Ears of the GroundlingsTwo People—The Romance of One Night We of the City Clement Yore It is chill and wet and the sun has setBehind the sullen city,It is cold and damp where the dim street lampLooks on with barren pity—Oh! the laughs that mock and shock and blockThe very souls that meltyMid the snarling sneers and jeers and tearsWhich in the air are felt.It is man and stoney red flesh and bonet" Raised but tossatisfyyyIt is lustful fire exposed for hireWhich seems to carnify.Oh! the brains that leap and steep and sleepIn the lust and vice and shamey3Tis the awesome thrill that kills and stillsAnd defiles with Passion's flame.*What is name or birth or singular worth,What is Honory Truth or PrideyWhat matters it all when at last we fallStripped to our wantoned hide?Oh! the pinky pink arms and swarms of charmsHidden to tease and lureyOh! the calling eyes with cries and sighsWho cares if they're impure?It is gold and wealth and a little of healthyTo enable us better to plungeInto the shame of race not with a blame faceQuickly our past to expunge—cTis the constant sip of lips that dripThat washes our soulsaawayyyBut the souls come back all black to rackWhen we have had our day. A Scarlet Letter for the Fallen Man! A propos the vigorous efforts of the N. Y. Police and ofprivate individuals to disband the alleged vice ringAND still we have her with us.She is not gone—the miserable being, vilified asthe lowest of her sex; the harlot, who tramples herwomanhood beneath costly, booted feet; the prostitute,society's most mournful figure; the street-walker, whofeigns with frigid, money-hungry heart the transportsof love and offers herself as the supine machine of lust;the strumpet, scorned as the most degraded of her kindand doomed to disease and wretchedness ; the courtesan,who is thought of with an indignant shudder and whosename is a shame to speak; the cyprian, who is shunnedon the avenue as a leper by the same man whom sheattracted the night before in her paint and gaudyplumage. And here she stands, this modem Magdalen, thesupreme personification of vice!What will you do with her?Will you ponder longer the silly, sociological screetsconjured forth from asinine researches of dydacticduffers, wrestling with the seventh commandment? Willyou await a "few hundred more of the suggestions ofthese for eliminating this priestess of humanity, whofor ages has stood blasted for the sins of her unchastedfellow creatures? Will you hearken longer to the pip- ings of reformers who shout their sermons of segrega- tion? Will you continue to drive her into a corner, theninto the confines of a quarter, then urge her to shift herstatus again, somewhere else where she may turn neitherto the right nor to the left? Will you force her to over- flow her cup of segregation and spread herself, a circularcataract of viciousness, into your residence districts,where your wives dwell and your children play?Or will you "drown her like a rat!" ?We have experimented long enough to know that thereformation of the so-called "fallen woman" and thesolution of the "tenderloin" problem are not as simpleas lacing a boot. We know that in the attempt to succeedin these we are seeking to outrival Hercules. For,indeed, what, specifically, has been accomplished byreform organizations, charity clubs, ponderous legis- lation and relief societies? How much: progress hasbeen made toward the ultimate solution of the problemby the crusades galore, which have been launched andexploited?Is it not possible that the reformers sincere or notorriety thirsting, and the legislators, corrupt or honest, mayhave been shooting their ammunition from the wroijgshoulder?What attention, by the way, has been paid to the"fallen man"in the social equation?The knowing gentlemen- and trouser-wishing woman- reformers seem to have overlooked the fact that the manin society might perhaps be an important factor in thepremise of their problem. So much has he been for- gotten, in fact, that the word "fallen" is now generallyaccepted only to bear pertinence to the demeaned, child- bearing sex. Let the masculine contingent of society beever so degraded, depraved, rotten and morally disinte- grated, he is not referred to as a "fallen man."Possibly, being a man, the argument is that he isblocked from falling lower.But the truth remains, that were there no men in thisworld, there would be no prostitutes, no bawdy housesand no brothels. It is a simply cause and effect equation.Instead, then, of "drowning them like rats,"—insteadof herding them into geographical realms of rottenness,which stand as barbaric blotches between the spasmodicravages of reformers, why not pay a little attentionto the masculine element in the problem? What, in- deed, would be wrong with a solution which woulddemand of society the branding of the male, when he descends to the level of the lust-shop creature, withthe same stigma of its contempt as is accorded hisfallen sister? What would be the of aninnovation which would ostracise from polite societyevery immoral man with the same expedition withwhi£h the woman wins the social frown?Then of how many male members could modern so- ciety boast? How many moral-certificate gentlemenwould remain, when once the false-faced, pseudo-civi- lized lie of the double moral standard was shufflled intothe ethical scrap heap? How many unlicenced libertinesand notorious roues would be unveiled, when the decep- tive veneer and hypocritical mask was jerked from thecountenance of secret moral derelicts?Where would lie the injustice if an experiment weremade to place some of the blame for present-day moralputrecence upon the other sex? Does the woman inthe brothel and demirep domicile deserve all the stigmaof social contempt? Who put her there? Did sheconceive the inclination toward moral turpitude andfeminine depravity when she was alone in her child- hood home with her mother?There is only one answer.Then why not a movement with the immoral male- branding scheme for its basis? Why not a ScarletLetter for every, man who contributes to the evil ?Why a double standard with immunity for the strongerof the two offenders?Or is man so irretrievably rotten in his soul that theworld has decided to put up with him as a necessaryevil? Possibly the reformer will reply that the moderncivilisation is so set in her ways that to adopt aScarlet Letter label for every "weak brother,"—forevery "fallen man"—would mean that women wouldhave nothing to do with the moral-certificate remnant;that they might suspect that there was something ab- normal about his physiological mechanism or that hisintellect needed a mental pulmotor. F* E. Three Dollars and Sixty Cents By Guido Bruno THE air was crisp and biting cold. Every breathformed a misty cloud of vapor. The newly fallensnow crunched musically at each step. The sky abovewas a dome of dark blue—clear and boundless. Twoor three stars twinkled far apart. Trees along theavenue hung their branches heavy and specter-like inthe bridal attire of winter.Everyone enjoyed the first, real, winter evening.He too was peaceful and satisfied as he strolled alongthe avenue. It was one of Nature's novelties, hethought, loved by all because of its newness.He turned to cross the street. Some carriages werepassing, carrying women, cloaked for the first time intheir heavy winter furs. He waited while they passed.Someone touched him gently upon the arm. It wasa young girl, poorly but prettily dressed, perhaps shedesired his assistance in crossing the street,l he thoughtat first. He raised his hat to her."Will you take me with you please?" the girl asked.He turned to her, surprised at the request, but moreastonished at the seriously sad yet happily expectanteyes that gazed up at him. "Take you with me?" he repeated hesitatingly. "Idon't quite understand what you mean/' he added in anapologetic tone."Take me anywhere you'd like to," she said, flushing,her eyes evading his gaze.An understanding began to dawn upon him."I live only a short distance from here," he returned."If you wish to come with me I have a few paintings andsome bric-a-brac, which I think you'd like to see."So together they went to his apartments. On the wayhe made several attempts at conversation but won noresponse from the girl.He stopped at the door and drew out his latch-key.The girl interrupted him."Now will you please give me three dollars and sixtycents if I go in here with you?" she said timorously, asshe gazed up at him."Certainly, certainly," he replied, surprised again andlooking curiously at her as he stepped aside to admit herinto the vestibule.In his apartments she removed her hat and g&amp;zedanxiously about her."Do you like my paintings?" he asked."Yes sir, I do," she answered, looking blankly aboutthe room, as though only little interested in what shesaw.He could not explain the girl's peculiar actions. Herqueer conduct was so different.But she was beautiful, healthy and young.And he was a man. She had refused the gold piece, which he had offeredher and insisted upon receiving only three dollars andsixty cents. This he had counted out for her.All the happenings of the evening had been extra- ordinary. He was in a quandary. He opened his win- dow just in time to hear the door below creak and seeher tripping down steps and out onto the snowywalk. The slender girlish tform was hurrying along,childlike and innocent—just as innocent as she reallywas when she had entered the house a short time be- fore.He was curious. He wanted to know more aboutthis girl. Why had she acted so differently? Who wasshe wd where had she gone? An impulse seized him.He dashed downstairs, took his overcoat and hat andran out into the street after the figure vanishing in thedarkness.He spied her nearly a block and half away. He fol- lowed. She turned a corner and turned again, with himin pursuit. He found himself in a peculiar neighbor- hood, which he had never before seen.Finally he saw her enter a dimly lighted drugstore.He stood and waited.He was surprised to find such a neighborhood so closeto his apartments. There were tall tenement buildingswith little, dingy rooms and ragged, dirty curtains at thewindows. The drugstore was one of the old fashionedstores in the poorer districts, where modern things hadnot made their mark. Flickering gas lights burnedbehind two small, and red globes in the window.An old stove stood near the door and the glass in two ofthe show cases was broken. She remained in the store only a short time. Whenshe reappeared she hurried along again. He followedonce more but lost the girl. She must have slipped intoone of the buildings.He entered the stqre and addressed the greasyproprietor behind the prescription counter."Pardon me, sir, but do you know the girl who wasjust here?"The man thought for a moment."A girl? Let me see&gt;" he said. "Oh yes, the littlegirl who was just here? Why, I think she lives in theneighborhood somewhere close by. You know how theyare here in the tenement district. They think the drug- gist, the physician and the undertaker are charitableinstitutions. They buy very little and only when theyare in need. Then they come to me and ask me to trustthem for medicine. Why should I? If I do, they don'tcome back with the money."Now take this girl for instance. She was here thismorning and brought a prescription. It was for hermother, who is sick. It was an expensive prescription—three dollars and sixty cents. She wanted me to trusther. 1 refused. She left the prescription and promisedto call for the medicine to-night. These people alwaysfind a way to get a little money when the need is vital.I told her she could get it if she only tried." Cabaret Vincent Starrett TANGO is the dance for me,"Played the fiddlers merrily;And gliding dancers spunBack and forth in furious fun;Bent and swayed in carnal glee—"Tango is the dance for me!"Up and down the crooked aisles,Whirling, go the latest styles;'Round and through, between the tables.Guests have laid aside their sables;Lifted high their foreign silks—Brains afire with foreign milks.Men in somber evening wearDrunkenly essayed the Short and tall and thin and fat,Capering with bawd and brat.Squeeze your partner—mad embrace—Champagne breath on powdered face.Came a maiden to the stage-—(Maiden, said I?) Guess her age!Twenty-seven ? Thirty-two ?Might be either—either'll do.Sang a song about the woods—Girl and fellow—"Damaged Goods."Shrieked the diners in their glee:"Tango is the dance for me!""N'other bottle .... Make it two . . .Keep the shange, George; thash for you."Crash of cymbals—whoop-de-dee!"Tango is the dance for me!"'Round and 'round and 'round and 'round;Tomorrow we'll be under ground—"Devil's subway"—good joke, what?Close at one? Yes, we do not!Call your cab at two or three—"Drive shlow, cabby .... Who'sh to shee!"** * 0Some time when the going's highAnd I don't care how I die—They will kill me, sure, for cause—Just to give that party pause,I shall rise and sing out free:"Professor! Play The Rosary'!" Nocturne Omaha (Nebraska) THE silvery, sleepy twilight-notes of birds,A low wind stirring in the murmurous pines,Peace in the drowsy fields and under allThe mighty diapason of the sea. Fifth Avenue By Guido Bruno DRAWING by DJUNA BARNES TWO lon§ rows of light. White glowing bulbs. Twoand two. In distances that seem shorter andshorter. Two long lines that meet somewhere—far, faraway in the indefinite. Two long rows up Fifth avenueleading to the indefinite. Two long rows down Fifthavenue, leading to the indefinite.Brilliant signs—huge, green, red and yellow, here andthere, west of Fifth avenue and east of Fifth avenue.Millions are happy and full of joy; gay and livingliving.Millions are wretched and miserable: starving . . .starving.The doors of the houses are closed, the window shadesare drawn. Business buildings are taking a refreshingnap.Millions are suffering behind closed house-doors, mil- lions ai*e comfortably content, and millions are happybehind the drawn window shades.Autos, trucks, carriages and buses move mp and downFifth avenue. Towards their destination. Pedestrianswalk and talk, laugh and are silent, are worried andbrooding. Policemen patrol their corners. They lookup and down Fifth avenue, that the lights might glowon the sidewalks and the vehicles might pass to and froin their roadways.But heart, dear little heart, why do you beat againstmy breast? Why do you send your waves of unrest andof love through the body up to the brain and backto eyes, ears, finger tips and mouth?Dear little heart, don't you see the policeman whooversees the long rows of glowing bulbs that meet no- where and who commands vehicles to stop and pedesptrians to move on?You see the stars, my poor little neglected friend?You see the moon and the white clouds passing forthand back? You see the electric-lighted cross that locksthe huge church doors preventing HIM to enter as onceupon a time it meant the goal of his life .... jtist tothere and no farther? The Enormous Street Sign PICTURES of the passion way upon which millionswalk and bleed. - - - Silvers Selects Chalmers.Budweiser. . . The Passing Show of 1916. . . Bene- dictine. . . Shows. . . Cabarets. . . Cigarettes. . . Danc- ing. . .Money, money, money. The Painted Girl of the Street SOMEONE once opened her eyes. Someone oncetold her it was all right. Life had its place forher. . . The woman at home that trusts you. . . Thepainted girl too was a mother's baby. . .Money, money, money. The Family Scene on the Street THE restaurant entrance. The starter tips his hat,the hat boy tips his hat, the chaffeur tips his hat.She gaudeously-dressed, smiling. He smartly dressed,smiling. Diamonds, good food, good drinks, a nice homewaiting. . .Money, money, money. The Bench on Madison Square SLOWLY wear away the hours of the night. The bigtower clock strikes the time heavily. He looks tothe left. He looks to the right. He is grateful. . . nopoliceman is in sight. He thinks of what was. Hethinks of what could be. He forgets what is. He hopesfor what might be. It is cold. It is dirty . . .alone, alone. . .Money, money, money! The Preacher on the Cornor of Twenty-Fourth Street know notf: what may happen tomorrow. All1 of you are well-fed. You have had your gayevening. Here these poor wretches walk at the streetsfrom morning till now. Fifteen cents will buy them abed. It will give them new courage. I won't tellyou about the mercy Christ preached. I won't ex- plain to you the meaning of neighborly love: but to- morrow, or some day after tomorrow, you may be herein this very line. Thertfore, give your share today."Money, money, money.•».. . • fcii ' 1 The Hand-Out Man "Y°U not know quite sure whether I really do1 not want that nickel for a bed or for a cup ofcoffee. Maybe you are mistaken, but you cannot knowwhether I will buy a glass of beer. And if I do?The nickle is lost to you anyhow, and the saloon is aboutthe only place where I can purchase equality with therailroad magnate for just your nickel.,,Money, money, money. The Woman on the Bench in Union Square Reserved forWomen THE star of hope. It has shone for me all my life.Somehow I cannot even now discard it from mythoughts. I was mother. I have sinned against thelaws of man. But I was mother .... a little funds wouldenable me to take my things out of pawn. Where couldmy son find me? And he may be looking for me thisvery night.Money, money, money. MILLIONS are happy in their beds. Millions arewretched in their beds. Millions are on theirway to regrets and to unhappiness. Millions are woundedand sick. Millions are killing and stealing. Wrongingother millions.Some are starving, some have plenty.All need things and all deny things to others. Allwant money. . .And they are starving for love.All have hearts and they do not dare to listen to theirown heart throbs.They look for money and want to buy love.Love gives love and money.Two long rows of gleaming light; up Fifth avenueleading to the indefinite; down Fifth avenue leading tothe indefinite.And hearts and stars. . . Greenwich Village Attacked ONE of Mr. Munsey's Sunday paper bards used lastweek the space of his supposedly humorous pageto a coleric attack upon Greenwich Village in general,and its restaurants, its girls, and its garret in especial.It is the attempted Bohemianism that got his goat. Hedisplayed his knowledge of Henri Murger and he honoredme by comparing my garret to Murger's garret. And hefound from a careful examination of both garrets thatthe one in which Murger lived had literary value, be- cause there was no bath-tub and Murger had no moneyto live anywhere else. And therefore he handed thelaurels of "true Bohemianism" to Henri.If a man is once forty-five with a neat little bald spotsurrounded by a thin growth of silver threads, if onewears spectacles on black strings and if one has beena Forty-second street Bohemian for the last fifteenyears, known and hailed by all the "girlies" of thatsection, one acquires a good portion of vanity. Andthere is no severer sting for one's vanity than to remainunnoticed in restaurants and cafes which appeal so verymuch to one's "taste for Bohemianism." Especially ifone has been for fifteen years a Forty-second streetBohemian and if one arrives in Greenwich Village witha heart filled to the brim with "Bohemianism" Bohekiianism? What a blooming fool must a man bewho even thinks of the possibility of a Bohemia in NewYork. And doesn't he know that the same second oneis conscious of being a Bohemian one also becomes animpostor.This man doesn't know more about Murger than aboutGreenwich Village and the Garret.There never was an air of Bohemianism about theGarret. At the time that I came to Greenwich Villagetwo years and a half ago. after an absence of about sixyears, we had no fancy shops here and no Bohemianplaces of the purple and orange brand. _ Mr. Coady had just opened his Washington SquareGalleries and was doing his best to introduce to theexhibitors on Fifth avenue and to the public at large thenew French art, which since has become the vogue ofour art connoisseurs. I started my little magazine,"Greenwich Village" in a little 2x2 hall room in number42, that famous house where Jenny Lind had lived andmany others since famous in art und letters. It was areal garret and I surely didn't live there because Iwouldn't have preferred to live in another more com- fortable place. "Here is my magazine," I said, "andwhoever has anything to say is welcome to use itspages." And they came and used them. Many authorswhose names are found to-day on the tables of contentsof national magazines and on the lists of publishersfound here their first chance to have their say. Andthen one day the present garret—they called it garret, Ididn't christen it—was available and I rented it, I hadplenty of wall space and therefore I said, "If you havedrawings or paintings which you wish to show to theworld or at least to the world that cares to look at themhang them on my walls, everybody will be welcome toview them." And so they did. I have had fourteen ex- hibitions in the Garret during the last season. None ofthe exhibitors had put their works of art on exhibitionbefore. Twelve have made their way since and you meetto-day their drawings in your magazines and their paint- ings in the uptown galleries.Where is there any attempt at Bohemianism?I like business and I like art, but I think there is noth- ing more pitiable than a business man who attempts tobe an artist or an aritst who attempts to be a businessman. And there is nothing more loathsome than abusiness man who professes to be an artist in order to dobusiness. And there is none more unsuccessful andbound to come jto grief than the artist who proclaims. himself a business man in order to be able to follow hisartTo create a place of business in order to gatherliterateurs and artists is possible only in one instance:if this place of business be an eating-place where liquorsare served if one desires such. Genius can never unitein unions under the protection of the Federation ofLabor. Genius gives and takes freely, without con- sideration of values. Barter and exchange in theinterest of art and of literature is disasteful to genius.Therefore, a Henri Murget would have become a daringWall Street speculator, had he been in America, or hewould have spent two-thirds of his life as a vagrant onBlackwell's Island. A genius in America translates hispoetry into bridge-building, his romanticism into thecotton exchange and his imagination into Wall Street.The dreamers of prose pastels await on park benchesthe sunrise of their days and many find a rest in jails andother charitable institutions before they are laid awayin Potter's Field.Good artisans possess the technique, the ability ofconcentration, and the endurance which make the manof genius an immortal artist. But an artisan if not aman of genius exercises self-deception if he believeshimself an artist.Our magazines, our newspapers, our art dealers arein sore need of good craftsmen and of skilled artisans.They have no use for artists.. Their supreme endeavoris to kill originality. To tone down genius to the standardof mediocrity, aspired to by many thousands as thesupreme achievement of their earthly travels.Genius needs a discoverer who acts as the mediatorbetween art and thejnasses. Such a discoverer must bea critic. A critic must be a creator. Only a creator can dis- criminate between the beautiful and the ugly. The med- iator between art and the masses must not be the ex- ploiter of a rich vocabulary but the man with the firm lookand the firm hand. He must have the singular courage to say: "This is a beautiful painting," and if he is a creatorhe will know how to defend his opinion by unshakeablestatements of truth. He will be able to point out thebeauties of a work of literature in simple words wtfichwill find an appeal in the hearts of every one of us, ofus, who constitute the masses.Commercial values are no values to the critic ofobjects of art. As long as the critic has to pass theadvertising department on his way to the compositionroom he will never reach his destination. A New Song of Solomon Tom Sleeper FOUR DRAWINGS by F. COULTON WAUGH rHY voice is like the wind in the cedarsOh my love.And thine eyes shine like opals, wet with the dew of deepsummer.Thy breath is as the perfume of the lilies nodding in thestill poolOh my Love, my only Love.Thy heart is a lone fire burning in the wilderness—Oh my Love.It exalteth my soul with warmthIn theHwilight of the murmuring evening• ( *And thy hair is more beautiful than theDarkness enwrapping the wan starsOh my Love, my ortfly Love. Splitting the Ears of the Groundlings THE winter of displeasure for the New York theatricalcritic begins nowadays in the later part of July.Theatres are multiplying ad infinitum and managers arealways building new ones. They have to; they have toproduce their shows in New York, they have to arrangea New York appearance before they s«nd them on theroad. Roma locuta est. The New York critic is calledupon to render a supreme verdict.Incomprehensible! Real critics are becoming scarcein New York. The entente cordiale between businessoffices of the daily papers and press agents who aregiving out the big theatrical advertisements do not seemany longer to permit a critical interloper. Therefore per- haps James Huneker fled into the wilderness of Flat- bush, grew fat and gray, and writes only pot boilers forthe Sunday Times. But the birth-rate of critics is in- creasing since from day today. Every college boy whospeaks and writes a Broadway slang—if possible, withan Oxford accent—-is gladly accepted as a judge ofdramatic art.Dramatic art? She can succeed only in veiy singularcases, putting up a hard fight against the coalition. Butotherwise a wonderful harmony is prevailing in thetheatrical microcosm of the United States. Theprovincial managers get the New York verdicts whichthey wish for and which they deserve. Newspapers arebeing blessed with columns of the criticisms that theydeserve. The public gets just the sort of newspapersthat it deserves. It is a circulus vitiosus and the tasteof all concerned, verily, will not be improved. The typicalproduct of this depravity is the leg show-euphemisticallycalled musical comedy or even comic opera. Supposedlywelcomed by the tired business man, the leg show isundoubtedly the pet child of the commercial manager,of the critic and of the public. That it satisfies themasculine taste—especially of a masculinity tired outby business—can be easily understood. It representsthe extremest possible exposition of female charms,permitted by the police only here—outside of certainillegal places of amusement. Also ladies like to visitthese shows, escorted by their men friends ; they are soanimating. Furthermore, women are objects of astrange worship in these plays. Even in the title, agirl has to figure. The last one is "The Girl from Brazil"in the Forty-forth Street Theatre. It was, as the "nearcritics" agreed in the morning papers, an average Broad- way success. Not on account of the music, which wasso little new that whole motifs were lifted from JohannStrauss's "The Bat" and from Oscar Strauss's "TheWalz' Dream", They appeared like spectres of happydays that had gone before. The plot was desperatelylike other plots of equally low plausibility, which we—you and I—tried to puzzle out on former occasions.The principals on the stage showed the average lack ofability, of temperament, of style. The chorus girlswere not exeptionally beautiful nor had they good voices.Still, the verdict was unanimous that the show had"push and go." That means a good deal: the possibi- lity of a longer or shorter run in New York and to createappetite in the provinces. \It is a good joke that the provincal public will not geteven half of the New York production. Shoftly before the show is put on the road, the actors of the principalcharacters will disappear and will be substituted byunderstudies. The managers will commission a musicalconductor to reduce the thirty or thirty-one orchestralparts of the first act to about twelwe. The mortalityamong the chorus girls reduces their number destruotively and very few "beauties" are left.That is how the average New York comedy successlooks, viewed by the art lovers in Oshkosh andSheboygan.The new season has given us a few melodramas withplots which are new to no one and a few comedies whichwere to silly even for the silly season. The exception is"Turn to the Right;" in the Gaiety Theatre. Mr.Smith is a wise Theban,—he took the funny crook playsand the "Old Homestead" as ingredients to a ragout,seasoned with the piquant sauce of slang humor. Heprepared it in a very palatable manner. New Yorkers"fall for it," as they say on Broadway.Disappointing was the new "big show" in the Hip- podrome. The Hippodrome is New York's own. Herein past years—thanks to the genius of Arthur Voegtlin—was shown something so spectacular, so big,—with acolor beauty and variety: it was art, even though single ••numbers on the program could not justly claim artisticqualities. A style developed and there were unlimitedpossibilities inside of this style.Charles Dillingham during the past year made thisstyle real and opened up new possibilities.But nothing seems quite to fit this year, notwithstand- ing the lavishly luxurious sceneries. The minstrel showis inharmoniously big and long.—Oysters taste well ifone eats' a dozen, but not if taken by the gross. Thecombination Pavlowa—Bakst—Tschaykowsky is out ofplace in the Hippodrome. Its right place is in the operahouse.Most of the vaudeville numbers lack wit. The musicdoesn't keep the whole thing together; it falls to pieceslike a mosaic you pick up.Only the ice ballet is a delight.I believe the big show will undergo big changes duringthe next month, changes for its own best.MOMUS Daly's Theatre NOW it is the home of melodrama. Ghost of Daly!Do you ever visit the temple you built to your arton Thirtieth Street and Broadway, and do you seethe changes that transform it sporadically into a burles- que showhouse, a movie theatre, into a political meetinghall and into continuous vaudeville?Walter Sanford has leased it now and we hope hewill meet with success. He intends to produce popular- priced dramas.It would be a good thing if there were a theatre wherepeople could drop in and see a drama for the price tff a"Keith ' and Proctor's" show. They played "The Hourof Temptation" last week, the program calls it a "NewMelodrama, by Lee Morrison." There was very muchof Molnar's "The Devil" in it. And there were a fewscenes that reminded us very much of a certain stockcompany in Tecumseh, Michigan, the delight of our youthful thunder-and-sensation-thirsty soul. The plot-isnot worse—if it is not better—than that of the averageBroadway play. The lack of costly scenery and lavishequipment produces a reality which makes the stage a"moral institution" To see a bit of the Devil, who goesabout in sheepskin will do us good once in a while. Tosee that punishment is inevitable whenever a crime hasbeen committed is rarely exploited in Broadway showhouses.Primitive stage conditions give the actor a chance tocreate his parts. Mr. Sanford's company plays well;making allowances for their often too evident desireto please their melodrama-thirsty audience. Anita Card- ner is a pretty girl and as such would be welcome toany city editor as a member of his staff . . . until shehad covered her first assignment. William Morris playedwith a good balance his difficult double part of Satanand man. Elinor Montell was attractive as demi mon- daine but a bit too pathetic after her successful strugglewith the devil.Some evening, if you have nothing better to do, takea stroll up to Daly's and take in the melodrama. Thebest seat is fifty cents and between the acts you canmeditate upon the quick transition of glory, comparingthe splendor of imported tapestry that covers the wallsand the balustrades of the boxes with the cheap kitchenchairs that are taking the place of the comfortable seat- ing facilities of yore. Two People. The Romance of One Night By Guido Bruno "I judge from your appearance and especially fromyour conduct since—well, say, since we met, that webelong to the same class. I want you to bring me tosome place where you can hide me—hide me for at leasta week, where I feel absolutely sure to come and gowithout being molested. I want you to assist me inseveral things that I desire to undertake. In short, Iwant you to do everything that I might request you todo, promising that nothing will be against law and order.But above all, you must promise never to make even anattempt to look at my face. You might call me any nameyou choose. I won't tell you who I am. Only so much,that the money I have is my own, and that I didn't doanything wrong, making it necessary for me to hide orflee. Now, please consider my proposition, and if youthink that you can carry it out, I shall tell you in detailmy plans and see what suggestions you have to make."During all the time she had been speaking, I hadfought with myself and finally had come to the con- clusion to ask her to do it. No matter how unmanly itmight seem,T simply could not endure it any longer."Well?" she said, "what do you think of my pro- position?" after I explain to you the circumstances, youwill understand better and you will perhaps pardon mystraightforwardness." I really felt embarrassed. I didn'tknow how to say it exactly. She seemed to feel myembarrassment and interjected encouragingly, "I won'tmind if you say even the worst. I know my conductgives you ample excuse to say anything in the worldwithout hurting my feelings.""Well, then—would you mind to buy me a packageof cigarettes," I blurted out."A what?" she asked unbelievingly."A package of cigarettes — any brand you might,choose—but just cigarettes. For you must know I amdead broke. I haven't got a cent in my pockets. I wasstanding on the corner where you—well, say, met me,waiting for a friend who has the habit of carrying apackage of cigarettes in his pockets. I had stood therefor almost an hour, waiting for him, to get a couple ofcigarettes. I would have smoked one of them tonightbefore retiring and the other one tomorrow morning.You practically prevented me from getting them so Ithink it is only fair for you to buy me a package ofcigarettes."She didn't say a word, turned searchingly in all direc- tions, discovered a cigar stand, crossed over and cameback with a package of Pall Malls. If there is anycigarette I hate it is a Pall Mall. Its a typical highbrowcigarette and I'll bet you'll find mighty few chaps in thePall Mall Club smoking Pall Mall cigarettes. But itshowed me clearly again the character of this girl. Therewas first of all a hereditary delicacy that forebade herto ask questions, to make a remark or to offer me herpurse to purchase these cigarettes. And then, her NewYork breeding: I am sure she went to that cigar counterand said, "Give me the best cigarettes you have," whatthe cigar clerk translated into "the most expensive cigarettes in stock." He gave her a package of matches,too.Never had a cigarette tasted better to me than thisPall Mall. It was a luxury. Even Sarah Bernhardt tak- ing her famous bath in the contents of sixty bottles ofchampagne, or Nero looking at Rome that he had put onfire, composing the poem that would make him immortal,could not have felt better than did I. My companionmust have watched me, realizing that I did not wish tobe disturbed while I was lighting my cigarette."How about my proposition now?" she asked finally,after I had taken my third puff and was really contented,contented with the world in general and with myself andmy present situation in particular."My dear girl," I said, "you have far too beautifulhands to commit murder. I don't believe that you are athief and even if you were a murdress and a thief, I"would gladly accept your proposition. Of course, I want to know a little more in detail what you will expect meto do. But do not mention the twenty-five thousanddollars again. It doesn't sound nice. It destroys a lotof values in me, values you created unknowingly."While talking she had taken off her gloves and I couldnot take my eyes away from those wonderful hands.They fascinated me. The funny thing is, I never triedto imagine how her face might look.I showed her again that she might count on me foranything she might want to undertake and reminded herof the late hour. It was nearly one o'clock. "I shall beglad to do everything in my power to help you out/' Isaid, "but now, let's go. If you don't want to walk, youwill have to pay your fare, and you will have to paymine, too.""But where are we going?"* "To my apartment, of course." Why and How I Got Married Many hundred stories, brief and lengthy accounts, arrive every week at the desk of our Contest Editor. Mostof thm testify that marriage, even in our commonplace age, preserves its old romance and that to relate a story ofhow Grandfather took Grandmother urges the pen into hands not oterwise ambitious of literary' achievement. Ahandful of this stories will be chosen every week forthe perusal of our readers. A Pleasant Husband D.D. (Pittsburgh) 44\Y7HY did I get married?"—keeps running thru myW head today, as I sit herein my hot, stuffy office,trying to enjoy two sandwiches and a pickle that wifeyputin a paper sack this morning at Six.Let me see,—yes, I met her at a week end party.She was good loking,—had the color hair I always used torave about.—nice teeth, well built,—and—well to make the•story short—we were married.Just a year ago last Friday it happened,—and I have beenwondering "WHY" ever since. Worry from morn 'til night.First—the rent is due,—then a new gown,—a hat to match,shoes—on down the list, until my weekly pay envelope reallylooks sick when I finish paying the "little incedentals" as shecalls 'em,—out of it.As I sit here, with a sack of Bull Durham on my hip, Ican't help thinking of that Silver case,—empty in the topdrawer,—that used to be filled with monogramed cigarettes.I used to go to the Winter Garden,—now a Picture Showgets my dime. I used to have my suits made on Fifth Ave.now I look the papers thru for weeks, to where I canget a hand-me-down for $12.98.And my over-coat is so old—l dread to think what it willlook like when the Cleaner brings it back.The Romance before we were married, is changed to worryand sighs.What wouldn't I give for my little old hall room,—a suitof clothes that you can wear in the rain without fear of itshrinking and being strangled to death,—and a first night atthe Winter Garden and some butter-cakes and coffee at&lt; Childs.I wonder WHY I ever married?Simply was lonesome, and to oblige her I gtiess. Sacrifice, Privilege of Love Mrs. Alma W. (Los Angeles) I was a quiet studious little girl when my grandmotherremarked casually to my mother that I was the sort ofgirl who would never marry. Mamma was disturbed anddecided to at least give me, the chanpe. Our modest incomewas stretched to two new dresses and etcetras, an iniationfee to an amateur dramatic club, to say nothing of a danceor two. I had ae clever mother, and half a dozen beaux soonensued. I also had a sense of humor and warned them ofmamma's nefarious schemes, which proved to be gooddiplomacy, too. Feeling that the mater deserved to proveher point, I accepted the best of my beaux, a wealthy youngman on the London Stock Exchange, but secretly enteredinto a six months contract with him by which hearts andsmall sundries were to be returned intact, reasonable wearand tear excepted, if I failed to fall in love with him. Werenewed that contract for 99 years. But . . .Well, the Boer War wrecked many fortunes on the StockExchange, including my fiance's. The mater commanded usto call the marriage off. Then I proved unexpectedly dis- obedient. With nothing but the proceeds of the sale ofjewelry he had given me, we fled from England to Californiaas man and wife. It was a wonderful adventure, no money*no friends, not much business ability, but lots of love andself-confidence. I got a position first, which nearly broke vmy husband's heart. But a bank soon discovered it neededhis Stock Exchange experience and it was not long before wehad our own little home, a baby, a big garden, and manygood friends.Odd as it may seem, my most poigffant happiness camewheh my husband developed tuberculosis, when the baby wasa year old. For it gave me such a chance to prove my love.I was the bread-winner and managed to make good ona newspaper. Every little success I met was such an ex- quisite joy, meaning as it did, fresh comforts and care formy sweetheart. And the pride he took in me, and the un- deserved but sweet plaudits of the family at home, theamazing kindness we received from our American friends,the consideration with which my paper treated me, were allvery sweet and heartening. I am a widow now after sixyears of almost unalloyed happiness. Our one big troublewiped out all small tribulations and made them seem sopuny.And I still treasure our two copies of that naughty contractI drew up when we were first engaged, for fear I might notlove him. She does not believe in marriage. A.M.B: (N.Y.) I was always quite sure that J would marry some day but"The Day" seemed to be most desirable when it wasremote. Even as a schoolgirl I had definite dreams of acareer. Marriage was mentally relegated to the late twenties.I had always plenty of beaux. There was no hurry. Besidesno one of the many male friends who came into my life andpassed out again seemed quite to suit. I meant to marryfor love pure and simple but there was always some barrierto pervent the incipient grand passion reaching its ultimateclimax. The man with the cleanest soul might have thedirtiest finger nails; the most ardent lover, alas, was oftenalso the most comperhensive liar; and the fine Mautz, lookingfellow was too frequently supplied with every physiologicalrequisite except brains. Well, the thirties were approachingfast. Lovers were fewer than they had been and no choicehad been made. The only apparently perfect man on myhorizont was already married. Recklessly I made a vow. "Ishall marry the first man who proposes to me/' A weekafterwards I met him. Two weeks afterwards our weddingday was fixed. It was,, in all sincerity, the happiest day ofmy life. In the marriage lottery I drew a lucky number.And yet, Mr. Bruno, although I am very happy woman I donot believe in the institution of marrioge. There, what doyou think of that? High Ideals. X.Y. (Alabama) A beautiful moonlight evening in August, a chance meetingwith an aubun-haierd girl to be followed by many othermeetings, the/ most blissful and happy hours of all myexistence, these hours filled with pleadings, yes, and withtears, in which I begged that she become my wife.Such was our courtship, for I became an impetueous wooerfrom the first and would never accept a "no" as final.Eight months of separation, during which I pleaded dailyby letter, to be finally rewarded in person.Each poor and working for our daily bread, but happy to- gether when opportunity afforded, and the world old, happy,blissful feeling, that we could not be content alone.Spending my last dollar in a long distance call fromChicago to Cleveland, just to hear her voice. Longing for aplace to call home, even though we knew it could never beanything but the plainest, but where love might rule.She in her "best" suit, I in my "black," a short walk tothe priests home accompanied by her sister and a close friendof mine where a simple ceremony united us, "till death do uspart," to be "her husband" and "my wife," the happieststate in existence.A street car to town, wedding dinner at the Tip Top Inn,tickets for Forty-Five Minutes from Broadway and "home"to light-housekeeping rooms which we together had previouslyengaged. : , , Because we sincerely loved each the other, secure in thatknowledge, neither wishing for display or show, content withlittle, knowing that the evil called divorce could never castits shadow over us, wishing to,bear children to bind us moreclosely—which our three healtny boys have done—this is ouranswer to your question of, "Why and How We Were Mar- ried." The Romance in a freight elevator. L.G. ABOUT April 1912, I secured a position as frieght elevatorrunner in an uptown building.After working about an hour at my new position, the bellrang from the fourth floor. When I opened up the doors, ayoung lady appeared standing there. She seemed all out ofplace between those dirty cases and general disorder.In a business-like voice she said to me, "Boy, get me two- sandwiches."I was on the point of refusing this unpolite command but:after looking at her face I perceived a more pleasant andappealing disposition than the voice indicated.During the remainder of the day, I couldn't help but thinkof the girl on the fourth floor. I made it my business to havesome excuses to bring me up" on the fourth floor and itseemed the girl there always had something for me to do.One day, I asked her company to an affair. She acceptedthe invitation, and we arrived home late in the evening. Ather house, I declared my love for her and she accepted me.We were married in April 1915, just three years after Igot my position as an elevator runner. She proposed. M.F. (Detroit) THE story of my love and marriage is a refreshing oasisin the desert of divorce.My brother brought Neal to our home. His friendship withbrother grew and soon included the entire family. I likedhim, and thought no more of it.It sounds maudlin, but a dream made me realize my love..The memory of that wonderful dream moment haunted me inwaking hours and forced me to picture Neal as my loverwhen next we met. And then I knew!I analyzed my love carefully; we were congenial, Irespected him, admired him and was not without a wholesomepassion. I knew I should want my boy to be his duplicate.But be didn't love me—yet.I tried to awaken an answering need in his heart, for Iknew I could make him ideally happy. My brother happenedto mention one day that Neal had been engaged to a mer- cenary girl who discovered his financial status. He had losthis faith in woman's capacity for love.So I did the hardest thing a woman can do in proof of herlove—i Went to him and told him all I felt for him. Whyshould one be ashamed to speak of the best thing in his life?Neal understood, and loved me, loved me big Hisfaith was renewed and he appreciated me the more for his;unhappy experience. As a final test, I believe, he insistedon an elopement; his marriage was too sacred to be sharedwith an unsympathetic, critical gathering.The beauty of my life with Neal grows with time we'vehad two wonderful years, for our union was founded onmutual understanding, real love and youth—l'm only twenty- one now! THE GARRET SHOPODD BOOKSPAMPHLETSDROWING, PAINTINGSFramed and Unframed58 Washington Square TO YOU, GENTLE READERKindly give your standing order for Bruno's"Weekly to your newsdealer, if you do notwish to send us directly a subscription. Thepresent paper prices are such that it provqfdisastrous for a magazine to print morecopies than are needed for its regular sub-scription circulation and for a supply ofunreturnable orders of news companies andmagazine agencies.Also we cannot supply you with back num-bers which you have missed on the news-stands.Therefore, if you like the contents ofBruno's Weekly, release your clutches froma two-dollar bill and send in your checkto-day or give a standing order to your news-dealer. Readers of Bruno* s Weekly are asked to Become Subscribers52 Issues, Two DollarsSEND YOUR CHEQUE TO-DAY58 WASHINGTON SQUARE, NEW YORK CITYROSSI BROTHERS58 Washington SquareUnderneath the GarretICE CREAM AND TOBACCOFLORENCE GOUGHShows Smart Millinery for Grown Ups—MotherGoose's Millinery for Children and other uniquethings to wear.THE PAINT BOX150 W. 4th St., Near 6th Ave.N. Y. C. Phone Spring 23The Mad Hatter Has a Tea Party Every Afternoonrom 3 to 6 at150 WEST FOURTH STREETJust Down the Rabbit Hole From Washington Square"Take Some More Tea""I've Had Nothing Yet So I Can't Take More""You Mean You Can't Take Less, It's Very Easy toTake More Than Nothing."c 'Nobody Asked Your Opinion" Edith Unger.I BUY BOOKSSingle volumes, small lots, and libraries; autograph letters of known literary men andartists, drawings, pictures and engravings. AddressCOLLECTOR," Care of Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington Square.i tEdith Haynes ThompsonHer Shop64 WASHINGTON SQUARE SOUTHContaining Many Quaint and Beautiful ThingsHours: 1 to 5.30 P. M.j. 112. McCarthyPaintings and Antiques30 West 46th Street Bruno Chap BooksNo.1. The Harlot's House, by Oscar WildeThe first American reprint of one of themost wonderful poems of the author $2. Setting Hens, Frogs' Legs, by D. MolbyD. Molby, passes the white elephant un-remarked, but writes an essay on the mos-quito's neck and the rhythm of his little wingsbefore he stings and annoys 3. Mushrooms, by Alfred KreymborgMr. Kreymborg's Mushrooms are recognizedpoetry. The Mushroom stands for a simpleexpression of thought in simple musicalrhythm. Mr. Kreymborg is one man whospeaks to his fellow-men—just to the one whomight find in four or six simple lines of—rhythm the revelation of the rhythm and theharmony of his own simple life 4. Tahiti, by Robert Carlton Brown5. Four Letters, by Oscar Wilde6. Anarchists, by Guido Bruno7. To My Mother, by Alfred Kreymborg8. Vignettes, by Hubert CrackanthorpeMr. Crackanthorpe had thre&amp; chief gifts:skill in dramatic narration—a sense of sit-uation, a lively feeling for the value of inter-pretation of gesture, posture, circumstance;secondly, analytic skill in the conception andpresentation of character; thirdly, descriptiveand pictorial power, readiness of vision, witha faculty of sifting and selecting its reports.Lionel Johnson, in Acad., March.2o, 1897....9. Tanka and Haika, by Sadakichi HartmannThe son of a German father and a Japa-nese mother, of a burgomaster's son fromMecklenburg, the only European state with-out a Constitution, and the daughter of aronin, a robing soldier of Old Japan. Sada-kichi is much more Japanese than German.His style is extravagant but suave. Some ofhis short stories are as excessibe and intenseas Poe's, on strictly realistic and intense asPoe's, on strictly realistic lines. The utmostbounds of expression are reached, eben hisoriginality is aggressive 10. Richard Wagner, the Egoist, by Guido Bruno11. Edna the Girl of the Street, by Guido BrunoCause: our social conditions.Motibe: just to live.Problem: eternal.Solution: none.12. Songs of the Cosmos, by Charles KeelerLike the weaver of wonderful brocades, heselected thread after thread and up loomedthose wonderful pictures before my eyes,creations of simple words, dipped in red blood,tinted by the golden sun, formed and shapedby hands who know the labors and pains ofmillions scented with good-will towards every-body and emitted with pure love No.13..25 14.15..25.50Teaspoons and Violet Leaves, by Guido Bruno16..50.25.25 &gt; 17,.25.2518.19..25.25 20..2521..25 222324.25..25 26..25.251.00The Tragedy in the Birdhouse, by Guido Bruno.50Exotics, by John W. DraperIt law a luscious yellow bandCreaming upon umbrageous greenThe spray was satin to the hand;And to the eye a topaz bright,And dazzling as the noonday sand.From"The Yellow Orchid"Imagists, by Richard AldingtonOne of the original group of the EnglishImagists tells about Imagism and its aims.This paper deals a severe blow to all imita-tors and producers of vers libre who thinkthemselves poets of the "new group" becausethey don't write in rhyme '. Lord Alfred Douglas Salome: A Critique,the Beauty of Unpunctuality: an Essay andThree PoemsThere was a time when Lord Alfred Douglaswould have laughed at the idea that he wouldwrite a book explaining away his friendshipwith Oscar Wilde. As editor of "The SpiritLamp," a magazine published by JamesThornton, High Street, Oxford, and edited byLord Alfred Douglas, he seemed to be adiligent imitator of his friend Oscar. Heimitated his style in prose and in poetry.Whenever he received a contribution fromOscar Wilde it was the main and leadingfeature of the issue Sadakichi Hartmann—Permanent Peace: Is ita Dream ?Charles Kains-Jackson—John Addington SymondsA PortraitThe life-long friend of the English poetgives a vivid picture of the personality andlife and life-work of Symonds. This essaywritten a few days after the death of Sy-monds, on the 19th of April, 1893, and wasfirst published in the Quarto, a since forgottenliterary periodical of England, in 1897 Djuna Barnes—The Book of Repulsive Wo-men—Rythms and 5 DrawingsEdna W. Underwood The Book of the WhitePeacocks • • • » • «'25H. Thompson Rich—Lumps of Clay—l 6 Rhythms.25D. Molby—Hippopotamus Tails—2B Every-dayMusings • i25H. Thompson Rich—The Red Shame—-17 WarPoems . . , , , 9 « 4.25Theodor Schroeder, Erothogenesis of Religion,a bibliography :50Sadakichi Hartmann, My Rubayat , 50.25.25:25Accompany each order with Cheque, small amounts, one-cent stampsBRUNO'S WEEKLY58 WASHINGTON SQUARE, N. Y. C.X RARE BOOKS FIRST EDITIONExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association Books. Books Cor Christmas ; Gifts.Purchased singly or in sets for people who have neither time nor" opportunity to select for themselves,«or for those' Who have not access to the best book marts. Why not begin collecting now?Address, E. V. Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass.' / . ' i ; r \ ,Y--——m—mut—— hi ■ iw iiiwhmb——b—wa——b——a—bmi «■ i ■■Being a bookIN WHICH• ' * '' " / 112we say just what we think. Published every month by Norman-Bel Geddes at 171 Wilson Avenue inDetroit, Michigan. It is a little book uniquely illustrated. Write for sample copy.HOTEL BREVOORT GAFE LAFAYETTEFifth Avenue University PlaceRAYMOND ORTEIG, INC. / •The Two French Hotels and Restaurants of New York.i . X \ j.'.GONFARONE'S40 West Bth StreetTABLE D'HOTE"Eating places are literary landmarks" said 0. Henry, speaking of Gonfarone's in one of hisunexcelled Greenwich Village Stories. There can be no pleasanter place to hear that remarkableEdison Record Number (82536) than /THE DIAMOND DISC SHOPAt Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmosphere of Old Greenwich Village has not been sacrificedon the altar of commercialism vPhone: Stuyvesant 4570 A postal will bring you, with our compliments,an interesting little biography of Mr. Thos. A.\ Edison.