Secession 4 January 1923 naay_1923-01_01 Secession 4 Untitled Image Illustration 1 •SfX POEMS 2 A MOTOR=CYCLE, AND OFF TO THE BEACH! 3 IN THE COPLEY BALL=ROOM 4-5 SEARCHLIGHTS 5 STAR – WIND 5 MOON — GARDEN 6 THE JILTED MOON RICHARD ASHTON cre 6 IN QUEST OF OLYMPUS KENNETH BURKE cre 7-20 LAST LOOKS AT THE LILACS WALLACE STEVENS cre 21 POSTER HART CRANE cre 22 THE HOTHOUSE PLANT WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS cre 23 A GARDEN PARTY SLATER BROWN cre 24-30 CORRESPONDENCE John Brooks Wheelwright cre 31 The intent of editorial, however, was merely G. B. M cre 32 CONGRATULATIONS, AND MORE "ILL-MANNERED REFERENCES" Gorham B. Munson cre 33-34 NOTE ON DER STURM K. B cre 34-35 BOOKS RECEIVED FOR REVIEW G. B. M cre 36 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 37 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 38 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 38 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 39 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 40 NUMBER FOUR JANUARY 1923 DIRECTORS: KENNETH BURKE, MATTHEW JOSEPHSON,GORHAM B. MUNSONMANAGING EDITOR — GORHAM B. MUNSONAddress all correspondence to Gorham B. Munson,1361 -46 Street, Brooklyn, New York SUBSCRIPTIONFor six numbers, one dollar in America, 5 shillings in Eng- land, 15 francs in France. The price of a single number is20 cents in America, one shilling in England,3 francs in FranceNUMBER FOUR JANUARY 1923 Buchdruckerei Gustav Ascher G. m. b. H., Berlin SW 61 •SfX POEMSIN QUEST OF OLYMPUSLAST LOOKS AT THE LILACSPOSTERTHE HOTHOUSE PLANTA GARDEN PARTYCORRESPONDENCENOTE ON "DER STURM"BOOK REVIEWSiCover Design by William Sommer Richard AshtonKenneth BurkeWallace StevensHart CraneWilliam Carlos WilliamsSlater Brown A MOTOR=CYCLE, AND OFFTO THE BEACH! The sunlight is glowing golden on the fields fullof marigold; the sunlight is flaming green in the firstspray of leaves that sways in the trees; the sunlight isbrown and gold over the meadows and along thehighroad."All ready, Betty?""All ready, Jim."'"Then I'll let her rip."And off goes the motor-cycle, chuck-chuck, clatter,hang, sput-sput, sput-sput zip down the road betweenthe green trees and out through the hills, Jim in frontin the saddle, with his cap jammed backward over hisglasses; Betty hanging on behind, astraddle, throwingback her head, and laughing with all her white teeth,as the air passes over her face and snatches at her hair.'All there, Beth?''"All there, Jim. Let's go!"" Faster?"Jim turns on more gas, and off goes the old buzzerdown the road, curving between the cars that alreadyhum over the macadam in long lines this Sundaymorning."There's not a thing like it for speed, girl!""Keep it up! I adore going fast!"Faster the trees blurr past, as the motor tremblesand swerves; faster the houses and barns. The roadwhitens up to meet them, and flickers away behind —into villages, out of villages, faster, faster, down andaway, white-hot with the motion and life of the day —trees merging into a haze-green fence with brownpoles — houses like patches of white, with dark holes— faster and faster — chuck-chuck, rattle sput-sputsputsput down and away . . .While aboveThe winds play gently back and forth,And the long lazy clouds swing leisurelyOver the blazing sky. IN THE COPLEY BALL=ROOM Downit goesWith alingering swing,The long glowing rhythmof the low violin,Moving with a lilt,with a tilt,with a snatch,Down — down — with a wriggle,and a twinkle,and a catch. . . .While the couples move silently over thefloor, gliding in an undulating, arabesquecurve; their shoulders poised, as they dip andswerve, as they lift, and linger, and lift oncemore: an intricate pattern of dark-clothed men,that mingles and merges, in softened yellowlight, with the flimsy shimmer of green andwhite, following, fluttering, following again, —with the rose-red shimmer, the glimmeringblack, that passes, and turns, and surges backTo the insinuating moanAnd the syncopated croonNaseling out of the saxophoneIn a metal softnessOf ripening tones,In a swaying tune.And into the free space, here by the door,swing two that skim with the motion of one:her delicate amber ruffles run over the opaqueblack of his coat — his feet caress her movingfeet in their golden-slippered following; and the mounting flush of her petal-soft cheek brushesthe ruddiness of his face, their half-open lipstoo tense to speak:A whirl of grace,And a pause and a poise,And a restrained urge,And a balanced joy. —Lost again in the crowd and the surge thatcatches at the rhythm of the violin, the rhythmthat halts, and holds, and proceeds, that spinsup — and glows downand flares ...and recedes . . . SEARCHLIGHTS Like five straight fingersThe searchlights move their stiff whiteness overheaven,Feeling into the blue-black yielding of space.But their dim stripes cannot dull the stars,Their slim mist cannot frost the whiteness offire:And when they reach out to touch glowingpatterns,They fail and fade into pale-green vagueness,Blunted against infinity. STAR - WIND The branches shiver in the hanging night,As if the rain were splashing in the leaves.iBut it is only rhythmic-running wind:The cloudless sky is full of distant stars. 2 MOON — GARDEN What have I done to you? What have I done?Is it my moons are too beautiful,You that have only one?My pale pink moon of peony-petals,My deep round crimson-dahlia moon,My twilight garden where the day's wind settles?I have moons delicately green,Faintly flavored with mint, like ice;I have moons infinitely white,With a silent fragrance within their light;Here are great marble discs hung in the sky,And gongs of shivering gold-grey metals;Here are torn clouds with their tigerlilies:A million beauties, blood blood-red beauties.O you looking over my wall,You looking into my garden that seeOne flower — one:My eyes have passed your painted picture-post- card moonAnd seen not what you seeBut my garden, my flowers, my rose-coolbeauties,My fire of paradise, winterless June.That it is I have done to you! That have I done! THE JILTED MOON RICHARD ASHTON A Yif\ f'''Ak 3 . S*T ji 112 J? ' I I "",;"~C "P 11 S I '. %'' J I lW; t BVIT IN QUEST OF OLYMPUS KENNETH BURKE I. With an uncertain tide — or better, current, sinceI am speaking of a little lake, or an enormous spring,or some sort of underground river — I simply tookall chances and allowed myself to drift. For the mostpart it was black; me lying in the bottom of the boat,conscious by means of some complicated mechanismof sensation, or rather, some peculiar centralizationfrom divers termini, of a gentle motion; the boatscraping now and then against an unseen rock thatjutted up, or perhaps the sides of the cavern. Once ortwice I passed a little ball of pale blueish light,however. A crunching sound. The boat had groundedon pebbles. Feeling in the dark, I stepped out on asmooth bank which began to ascend immediatety. Isaid farewell to my boat — perhaps forever! — andbegan climbing. It soon became rough and jagged,like a sieve for grinding nutmeg, then narrowed afterthe manner of an inverted funnel, and finally wasalmost as steep as a perpendicular cylinder. ... I hadto stop, for I had come upon a wall, a smooth, flatsurface; and further, I was exhausted. I dropped whereI lay, fell into a sort of stupor, and when I regainedconsciousness it was owing to faint irregular tapscoming from far beneath me and forcing themselvesupon my notice. It was my boat, broken from itsmoorings, starting easily on its way!I cursed the foolhardiness that had got me intothis thing. And I confess that I even wept, for thefeeling of desolation and loneliness which came overme was too powerful for resistance. Then I remem- bered my training, and putting away all fears, confidedmy problems to Him who sees even the slightest movewe make, and who. hears even the weakest little sighlrom our uttermost within. A new courage pouredinto me like wine, and I recommenced examining thewall. At last I came upon a place where the smooth- ness of it was broken by cracks large enough forme to insert my fingers, and the ascent continued. As I climbed, it began slowly to dawn in thecavern. (The noonday sun of the countryside above,that is, was penetrating through some cavity into thesedepths.) I came upon the first sickly weeds, a fewbeetles, worms and the like. And it was not longbefore I was in full daylight, struggling through a thickunderbrush which was so luxuriant, so impenetrable,that I almost wished for the cool desolation of mvcavern. Working among the briars, especially theinsistent blackberries — insistent because they seemedto be actually reaching out to catch the wool of mycoat — I came upon a cluster of sumac, and then aneven thicker muddle of ferns and alders. As theground was unusually rough, my feet would slip fromthe rocks, and lodging in some unnoticed cavitycovered with dead leaves, they would be held there bya tangle of roots, while at the same time I was keptbusy dodging beneath the low crooked branches,making detours, or creeping through chance holesin the foliage. And then of a sudden I broke throughto a road, and looked across broad easy meadows . . .and why! there was the house where Treep usedto live!And that stump in front of Treep's house, thatwas where the oak used to be which Treep had lovedso much and then his master had ordered him to cutit down. Treep used to go out and pat the shaggybark of this oak while it was still standing. But hismaster said finally, "Treep, cut down the oak." Sinceit was decided that the oak was needed for timber.Before that Treep had even felt that long after he wasdead the oak would stand there; but now the oak hadto be chopped down, and Treep went out with hisaxe to chop it.No one was near, however, so that Treep rubbedhis head against it, and explained how unhappy hewould be without it, and how he would hollow out thestump and plant therein some of its own acorns.Then, after weeping, he attacked the trunk with his axe.But as he swung his axe, it caught in a lowbranch which was sagging somewhat, Treep beingknocked on his back by the rebound of this branch.At first he was angry; but he said that it was right for the oak to defend itself, and it should not berebuked. When he returned to chopping, however, arotten branch from high up in the tree becamedislodged, and cut a gash in the nape of Treep's neck."Thou ungrateful oak!" he shouted in anger; "Thoumust know that it is not my fault that I must kill thee,,and thus not place the added burden of thine owndisobedience upon a heart which is already weighteddown by the necessity of fulfilling a loathsomecommand put upon it by my master!" And Treepresumed his task.But as the axe sank into the trunk, a large chipof wood flew up, striking Treep full on the forehead,so that the blood poured down into his eyes. Treeparose at one leap, regained his axe, and beganbrandishing it about his head. "Oak!" he shrieked;"Oak! Thou art no longer the big friendly thing thatI rubbed my ears against and hugged with my arms,but a monument of malice and spitefulness risingbetween me and the commands of my master. Andthe love I bore for thee now being completelyvanished, I swear by the blood dripping from myforehead that I shall attack thee in all ferocity, notstopping until thou lyest a corpse at my feet!"And then Treep assailed the oak with bitterness,half blinded by the blood from his forehead, his bodyaching and tired, but sustained with such a vengeanceagainst his old friend that he hardly knew what hewas doing. Indeed, blinded as he was by the flowof both his blood and his emotions, and although apractised woodsman, he was not felling the oakproperly. And1 when at last it became so weakenedthat it began to topple, he saw that it was fallingtoward his master's garden. At this point he wasplunged into an inordinate hate; he did not even takeinto account the enormous mass of his enemy, butas the oak began leaning with increasing rapidity, hehurled aside his axe, and heaved his shoulders againstthe falling trunk, trying in this way to change thedirection of its fall!But the oak continued on its descent, and as itstretched out along the ground it held Treep beneathit, crushing the life out of him almost instantaneouslv.%/ II. Treep was aware of no change whatsoever, exceptthat he was growing. Soon his hand alone was as bigas his whole body had been, with the rest of himincreased proportionately; and soon after this his handwas as big as his new body had been . . . and so on,indeterminately. When he had ceased increasing, helooked about, stretched his arms which were as thick asa countryside; and opening his jaws, he yawned as wideas a gulf. But he was conscious of a pain beneath thenail of his right little toe; and reaching down he pulledout a splinter, the oak which had killed him . . . Thishad been the magnification of Treep.Noticing that the sky was only a few arm-lengthsabove him, he sprang into the air, caught hold, andhoisted himself on to the other side. The countrywas rough but comparatively level. Glistening in thedistance there was something which looked very muchlike a palace. He made off in this direction.As he came nearer he could distinguish figuresmoving about, all of them as big as he was himself.Then messengers came ahead to meet him, small, theway he had been before death, and they perched onhis shoulders like doves. They explained that theywere the former poets of the earth, and that this wasHeaven, and that they were usually the only earthlyexistences admitted here. But Wawl had seen Treep'sstruggle with the oak, and had decreed that he shouldbe magnified among the gods, and then they all fellto singing their own compositions at once. He walkedahead, not much disturbed by their twitter, until oneof them climbed into the shell of his ear and explained,shouting above the others, the dilemma which Wawlhad occasioned by his deification. For in magnifyingTreep it was not found possible to magnify his name,and there were no more names nor offices left inHeaven. Wawl had decided, however, that if Treepdared he might attack any god he so desired, and ifhe defeated this god could usurp both his name andoffice. Treep asked the poet what gods were dislikedin Heaven, and the poet mentioned both Arjk and theBlizzard God. Arjk, it went on to say, was undoubtedly a powerful and handsome divinity, and would be amuch worthier foe to unseat than the Blizzard God,who relied mostly on cunning and harassing ... Treepdecided that it was Arjk whom he would battle; andhalting outside the castle, he sent word to Wawl thathis faithful servant Arjk was approaching.Soon a distant tumult was heard, and the poetsin a panic scrambled down from Treep's shoulders.Then Arjk appeared, growling and cursing, anddemanding to know if this was the thief and liar whowas adorning himself with the name of a god. Treepanswered him, "Step aside, Treep, for I am Arjk, thefaithful servant of Wawl, and I have come to payhim homage." Thereupon the two of them closed inupon each other, a battle following which lasted fortwo years. At the end of this time Treep conqueredand threw Arjk out of Heaven. Then he sent wordagain to Wawl that his faithful servant Arjk wasapproaching, and entered the palace. III. Some time after Treep — become Arjk — hadestablished himself in Heaven, Wawl summoned himto the palace. Arjk entered and bowed before him.About the feet of Wawl adoring women sat, theirbreasts dripping at his glory, indeed, their entirebodies flowing with love of their Lord. Wawl dis- missed his attendants and began speaking to Arjkimmediately. But the castle was so large that it hadits own atmospheric conditions, and as Wawl commen- ced to speak a little storm descended about the augustforehead, filling his hair with a silver moisture andpricking him with minute tongues of lightning. Wawlpeered through the mist wavering before his eyes, andraised his voice above the small but distractingthunder."Arjk," Wawl addressed him, "thou art the mostmighty of my warriors.""Whatever strength I possess was granted me byWawl.""1 trust that thou wilt remain faithful to me, forthy powers, if turned against me, could cause allmanner of evil in Heaven." And Arjk, bowing even lower, answered withemotion, "Before everything else comes my gratitudeto Wawl. In the magnification of Treep there wasalso the magnification of Treep's devotion. And thisdevotion is mortgaged solely to Wawl." And thenrising to his feet, Arjk gave way to his elation, andsang to Wawl of the glories which he, Arjk, hadaccomplished in Heaven, and of the might andsplendor which belonged to him, Arjk. Saying amongother things, "I, Treep become Arjk, can drink andcarouse in Heaven and yet retain the most powerfularm among the gods." The elation continuing, Arjktook leave of Wawl, and went for a mad ride in hischariot, hurling bolts haphazard out of Heaven, andshouting to the rattle of his steeds' hoofs across theclouds.Then of a sudden Arjk spied the Blizzard Godriding in the distance. And looking closer, hedistinguished Hyelva fleeing before him, her whiterobes fluttering back in confused vibrations. Arjkwrenched his steeds until they were headed towardthe Blizzard God, and his chariot went swaying androcking back and forth across the clouds. TheBlizzard God was shrieking as he pursued, "Hyelva!Hyelva, open the great gate of thy body! The greatgate of thy body, that I may enter in!" while the hoofsof Arjk's horses set up a reverberation through Heaven&gt;Hell and Earth. But Hyelva sped on in silence.It became evident that Arjk would overtake theBlizzard God and rescue Hyelva from his fingers. ButLittic, who was a kindly deity, though under thedomination of the Blizzard God, released his lightsthrough Heaven, so that both Arjk and his horseswere blinded. Letting his reins slacken in his stupoi\Arjk watched the lights play on all sides of him, sawthe thick trunks of flame with tongues protruding, orsemi-circles stretching across the whole sky, with ballsof a blueish jelly sliding along them, or puffs of light,waving like dust toward the zenith. And while Arjkrelaxed, enchanted, the Blizzard God sent a broadsideof tempest against him, blowing him out of the chariotand the bolts from his hands. Then the BlizzardGod hurried again after Hyelva, falling among her garments like a hawk among the feathers of a dove.His appetites were so ravenous that he tore awayeverything which covered her body . . . and the littlebits, whirling about in the tempest, spilled finally outof Heaven, and falling, covered whole states andprovinces of the earth, so that some houses were sunkeven up to their second stories in snow. IV. And one of the places where this snow fell wasNew York City; I am speaking particularly of WestSixteenth Street. Ah, how lovely it was before beingshoveled away at a cost of some hundreds of thou- sands of dollars! The air was almost black withsnow; it was so thick that at times stray flakes, fallingdown the particular air-shaft, swerved and siftedthrough the partly open window of the particularkitchen. This kitchen was dark, with dirty dishesshowing up here and there, while the other rooms tothe suite were lighted. All were empty, however,except the one to the extreme front, where JamesHobbes was lying on Esther Maclntyre.The point was this: Gould Hobbes, or could henot, succeed, with only one hand, in capturing theobject which Miss Maclntyre held in both of hers —if she held anything at all! — but would not willinglyrelinquish? Hobbes had maintained that he could;Miss Maclntyre had sassed back that he couldn't; thus,a protracted struggle had begun between them. Result- ing in their tussling on the couch, and Hobbesgroping resolutely — but awkwardly! — after thehot fists she held against her breast. Then of asudden he made a dive of his hand, which silencedthe giggly thing. And he continued the attack,disposing of garments rapidly. When Esther'sbewilderment was startled away by the the realizationof a still greater boldness on his part, she began toresist . . . weakly, however . . . but he no longercared . . . slipped off the couch . . . thumped againstthe floor . . . like a sack of potatoes.Some one was knocking, jerking them out of their sloth. She went for her hat and coat, and asHobbes returned to the front room with Harowitz,mumbled something about being in a hurry, anddashed out. Hobbes yanked a chair at Harowitz,pointed to a magazine, and went after Esther. Ashe came out into the blizzard, hat-less and coat-less,he could see nothing of her. Besides, he was notexceptionally interested. He returned to his apartmentslowly, even stopped in the dark kitchen a fewmoments and leaned against the wall.* Then he wentto the front room where Harowitz was waiting forhim.Harowitz was moving about the room, from oneisland to another. Hobbes stretched out on thecouch, giving a slight grunt which was a mixture ofmany things — such as self-comfort, the necessity ofsaying something, disapproval, nothing at all — butmainly composed of this: that Hobbes had planned,the next time he would see Harowitz, to look at himabruptly and say, "Harowitz, what would you thinkof a man who walked into your house, and when youweren't watching him went into your cupboard, andstole a drink of whiskey?" Harowitz wore a sizeeight shoe, carried a cane, could speak both Frenchand German fluently. His left eye was weaker thanhis right, but not enough to necessitate his wearingglasses. He was not married, had graduated from alaw school magna cum laude, and also knew someSpanish. On his mother's side he was not full Jew.Or perhaps Hobbes would have waited untilHarowitz had begun to explain something, such as"The perfection of machinery, and the consequentlarge-quantity production, has made war an absolutenecessity for the first time in the world's history."Then Hobbes would answer, "Yes, Harowitz, quiteright, but what would you think of a man who walkedinto your house and when you weren't watching himwent into your cupboard, and stole a drink ofwhiskey?"It was not the drink of whiskey that Hobbes hadminded. It was the principle of the thing. But hesaid nothing to Harowitz. The statement, after all,would be too blunt, so blunt that even if Harowitz had not taken the whiskey he would realize that hewas being accused. But first of all, he must makesure that Harowitz was guilty. It did no good to markthe bottle, since a small amount could easily bereplaced with water. Perhaps there was someharmless, colorless, tasteless substance which he couldmix with water in a decanter beside the whiskeybottle; but if this mixture were poured into thewhiskey it would make the whiskey change color.Hobbes imagined it turning a brilliant green or blood- clot red immediately before Harowitz's eyes. ThenHobbes would come in and offer him a drink, bringout the whiskey bottle, look at it, look silently atHarowitz, put the bottle back, glance at his watch,and regret that he had an engagement.Until he had something as definite as this,however ... so he had grunted merely, as he lay downon the couch. Harowitz explained to him how warwas inevitable at this point in the world's history,and while he was talking Hobbes brought out thewhiskey . . . After a time they were not clear-headed;the mixture of whiskey, gas fumes and old breath hadtaken the freshness out of them. They watched eachother now and then with tired eyes, trying to becomeinterested in some assertion. Harowitz left within anhour, while Hobbes continued to lie on the couch.Hobbes listened to the soft pads of snow flatteningagainst the windows. Rising, he switched off thelights and opened a window in the next room. Thecold air began circulating . . . His mind wascompletely lax. So that the form of this procedurebegan to impress itself upon him. That is, he revolvedit that he had been hot, and that now a cold currentwas blowing across him. Later on that evening hewrote the following poem, which, after he hadfinished it, sent him out for a long walk in the storm:Here are the facts, given as I have known them:Last night I slept with my shame bared to the ceiling;The bed was hot against my back and buttocks;My arms were swollen with the bites of black-flies. And now the thunder-caps quit dropping below thehorizon;The thunder-caps are beginning to march above me;I watch, with the salt stinging the rim of my eye-balls.A breeze starts up, making the lake look blue-black;The blue-black swallows fly even more click-jaggy;The green trees in the distance become also blue-black.1 close the windows fronting on the southwest;The thunder falls immediately on the lightning;And the rush of rain in the trees upon the thunder.*The black-flies of Massachusetts are blown into NewHampshire;And the black-flies of New Hampshire are blown intoMaine, whileThose of Maine are blown, some into Canada and someinto the ocean.Water hits in bucket loads against the wood shed;Water hurries beneath the dried-up shingles; .Water drips mysteriously in the pantry.The rain settles now to a steady business;It lays itself without violence over the pastures;Night falls, with the rain now gently piddling.A new wind falls upon us from the northwest;Veering, it whips the fog along the hillsides;And shoves the entire storm out of my knowledge.A haze of light spreads in the north horizon;Pale shafts of light waver on the north horizon;And puffs of light like dust wave toward the zenith.A calm lies on the face of the earth and waters;It sits among the trees and in the valleys;A frost is nosing against the wild cherry blossoms.The sun comes up as clean as a brand-new dollar;The pink sun edges flatly above the skyline;As rash as a blast of unexpected music. Praise to the Three-God, Father, Son and Spirit;Who, as He found Himself at the beginning;So is He now, and so shall be forever! V. Father, Son and Holy Ghost, so comfortable inHeaven. (Oh merely that I might live in one of theback allies of Heaven, though my house fronted onsome dump heap of empty bottles and rusty tomatocans! Indeed, I conceive of Their comfort as thatof a royal family that never was. A family, com- posed of king, and queen, and princes, and princesses,living in a suite of rooms borne upon the shouldersof their subjects. The palace marches across thecountry, through rivers, up and over mountains, withthe populace squirming beneath, supporting it withpoles. Ten thousand, say, labor simultaneously atthese supports, while others rest, others follow to taketheir places, others have been relieved from duty andreturn to their families. The palace moves in astraight line, and in the course of this line there is alake. The subjects disappear beneath the water;others take a long breath, dive down, and replace themat the supports. Some are lost; many are content tosuck the water into their lungs, thus ending theirunhappiness; but the palace moves on. At times musicis heard from above, or a platform is let down forfood, or filth is thrown out, falling on the populace.But otherwise, it travels like a silent cloud above them.So comfortable in Heaven, and yet Jesus must go outinto the night again, leaving the warm fire of thissanctity. Some people were sitting in a prominent cafe inthe theatre district, when lo! Christ was discoveredsitting among them. I can pay no greater tribute tomy countrymen than to recite the tact and affabilitywith which he was received. A committee wasorganized on the spot to show Mr. Jesus the moreprominent sights of the town, such as Riverside Drive,the Woolworth Building (from where he could get a good bird's-eye view of the city) and the BrooklynNavy Yards. At this last named place he was to begiven a private demonstration of a new gas which ourchemists had invented and which promised to put usfar and away in advance of all other fighting units ofthe world. (The intention of this demonstration beingto show that so long as Christianity possessed suchweapons there need be no fear of the spreading ofAsiatic paganism.)It was suggested taking Him to one of our largerchurches, but this was quickly hushed up, as it wasrealized that the situation would surely result in ill- feeling, since, even if the Catholics could be persuadedto sacrifice this honor to the Protestants — whichwas, of course, out of the question — at least twentyProtestant sects would have arisen to dispute thehonor amongst themselves. So it was thought wisestof all to take Him to a theatre.The play was by a very prominent Americandramatist, and had been reviewed by the New Yorkcritics with such really gratifying and penetratingcomments as "Every man, woman and child shouldsee this play (Times) . . . Really scrumptious (World). . . Grips you from start to finish (American) . . .One of the best plays of this season and far betterthan anything of last season (Tribune) . . . An allaround good play (Sun)." There was some skatingon thin ice, but no one could fail to catch the moraltenor behind it all, and it was hoped that this moraltenor especially would appeal to Jesus. In one detail,however, the play had been amended, a short passagehaving been omitted from the first act which ran,"Why am I so crucified with poverty!" It had beenunanimously decided that nothing unpleasant shouldbe suggested to Him.Jesus was interviewed between the second andthird acts, but declared that he had nothing to say,refusing especially to compare conditions here and inHeaven. But in spite of his reticence, favorable com- ments appeared in all the evening papers, although oneanti-Church labor organ queried mildly whether itwould be the Star of Bethlehem this time, or the Starof Bethlehem, Steel. During the play — which was a matinee — thecity administration had been anything but idle, andit was decided to give Christ the freedom of the cityregardless of what might happen to the Jewish vote.So He came out of the theatre and walked downBroadway to City Hall, and behind Him followed along procession of scenario-writers, burlesque Ama- zons, fairies, lounge-lizzards, Jew and Irish comedians,jazz-hounds, pimps, promoters, whores, travelingsalesmen, confidence men, bookers, gamblers, keptwomen, millionaires' sons, publicity agents, sportingexperts, dopes, land-sharks, connoisseurs, rum-sellers,holders of boxes at the opera, ammunition makers,specialists in men's diseases, whatever of the generalpopulace, in short, happened to be passing throughTimes Square . . . and also angels. Not those Angelsthat sit at the feet of Jesus in Heaven, however. Imean those more immediate angels, angels from WallStreet, the backers for plays and movies . . . bald- headed angels, angels whose intentions are juicy inproportion as their groins are parched, angels whowill dribble as much as twenty thousand, say, againstsome coozy's leg. Yes, there were a number of thesesweaty, red-faced angels in the procession.Christ suffered these honors, and many others,ultimately slinking away from His followers, downside-streets with warnings, "Commit no nuisance,"through the smoke and slobber of the men's saloonof a Jersey ferry, and then, quite alone, as the sunwas going down, He stood in a graveyard, on a hill,looking out over the Jersey swamps, kneeling — Iknow my readers will pardon the theatricality of thegesture — with His arms outstretched to Heaven, Heprayed and wept. Then, growing calmer, He readthe tombstone of Johann Bauer, geboren 1827, ge- storben 1903, at present Mit Jesu. Weakened by apeculiar lassitude, He sat on one of the iron railingssurrounding the grave . . . Crickets began climbingupon His sandals, and Christ, noting their hunger,took a boo from His nose and dropped it for them toeat on. When this boo was consumed, he put anotherin its place . . . and so on, until all the crickets hadbeen sated. As Christ heard a faint noise now, He 2 bent His ear to the ground, discovering that the noisecame from one unusually minute cricket which wasrubbing its wings across its back to produce a littlewhirr of gratitude for the Divine Food it had received.A second later the entire swarm joined in, thegraveyard trembling with their praise. Then, with ablare of Hosannahs, an Angelic Horde flew towardHim out of the sunset. Other battalions answeredfrom the West, as they likewise advanced steadilyupon Jesus. And still others, from all corners of thecompass. The sky was churned with song andSeraphic Manoeuvres. For these great fleets of God'sElect, muliplying egregiously, began winding in amongone another, melting together, separating, deploying inthe shape of V's like wild geese, or banked up likepyramids, or upside down, or advancing in columns. . . while miracles were scattered upon the earth likeseed. The sun, the moon, the stars, the planets andall the wandering bodies shone together. Fountainsburst forth; wild beasts lolled among the clouds.All song and motion stopped . . . some thunderwas climbing across the sky. Then, as it disappearedin the distance, things began revolving, a SublimeVortex sucked up into Heaven. In the very centre,unmistakably wide open, stood the Gate, with squa- dron after squadron of Angels already hurrying within.Christ, too, began rising, while God called out to Himsmiling, AHRLOM AHRLOMMA MINN OR. AndChrist answered, MAHN PAUNDA OLAMMETH.Thus had one spoken and the other answered. ThenHe entered Heaven, the rear armies of the Angelsfollowing Him rapidly.Olammeth! . . . the seed. . . This sudden certainty!Fulfillment, bursting through the mistsOlammeth, His Breasts!Across nightProjected . . . (latent) ...when lo! the Sun!The Gate of Heaven swung shut. LAST LOOKS AT THE LILACS WALLACE STEVENS To what good, in the alleys of the lilacs,O caliper, do you scratch your buttocksAnd tell the divine ingenue, your companion,That this bloom is the bloom of soapAnd this fragrance the fragrance of vegetal?Do you suppose that she cares a tick,In this hymeneal air, what it isThat marries her innocence thus,So that her nakedness is near,Or that she will pause at scurrilous words?Poor buffo! Look at the lavenderAnd look your last and look still steadily,And say how it comes that you seeNothing but trash and that you no longer feelHer body quivering in the FlorealToward the cool night and its fantastic star,Prime paramour and belted paragon,Well-booted, rugged, arrogantly male,Patron and imager of the gold Don Juan,Who will embrace her before summer comes. POSTER HART CRANE Above the fresh ruffles of the surfbright striped urchins flay each other with sand.They have contrived a conquest for shellshucks,and their fingers crumble fragments of bakedweedgaily digging and scattering.And in answer to their treble interjectionsthe sun beats lightening on the waves,the waves fold thunder on the sand;and could they hear me I would tell them:O brilliant kids, frisk with your dog,fondle your shells and sticks, bleachedwith time and the elements; but there is a lineyou must not cross nor ever trust beyond itspry cordage of your bodies to caressestoo lichen-faithful from too wide a breast.The bottom of the sea is cruel. THE HOTHOUSE PLANT WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS (Dedicated to Charles Demuth)Pink confused with whiteflowers and flowers reversedtake and spill the shaded flamedarting it backinto the lamp's hornpetal's aslant darkened with mauvered where in whorlspetal lays its glow upon petalround flamegreen throatspetals radiant with transpiercing lightcontendingabovethe leavesreaching up their modest greenfrom the pot's rimand there, wholly dark, the potgay with rough moss. A GARDEN PARTY SLATER BROWN Inside Millie's house (and in passing may weremark that except for that eyesore of a three-deckeracross the way the Smith's house not only for itsview, which was absolutely superb, but as a stunningpiece of architecture elicited approval and admirationfrom every quarter?). Up and down the backstairsthrongs of breathless servants panted, hunting for theicecream spoons that had been mislaid or, as Mr.Smith observed from behind a newspaper, were non- existent anyway while Millie in a horrid pet becauseshe had been crossed three times even on her birthday,but once in particular when her mother had refusedpoint blank to let her consume the rest of that ten- pound box of yumyum caramels Uncle Ben hadpresented at breakfast. Millie was wriggling andmaking wry faces at herself in the pier glass mirrorbecause the maid would tie that big babyblue sash tootight around her middle.— You're squeezing me to PIECES!Only the veribest families in Woodster werecoming to this party. Mrs. Smith had despatchedengraved R. S. V. P. invitations to the meticulouslychosen guests who had, with one exception, returnedformal responses.Florence Ashley was invited, and the two darlingGrover boys with a frightfully goodlooking chum fromprep school, and Frank Sweeney because his father hadmade oodles of money out of the Great War, and theminister's daughter who poor thing had the kollvwobbles, and Helen Range even though Millie hatedher like fury, and Dr. Tripp's three offspring becausetheir mother was related to someone or other, andBilly Blodgett of course, and Mary Bruce because evenif her mother was a Catholic and her father did drinklike a fish she was an awfully good sport, and the twoFrimp sisters who were always dressed exactly alikeand ever so cute. But all children from the very tiptopof the social ladder; and no mistake.HONK! HONK!Millie flew to the window. The Tripps of course.In their rickety old flivver they always descended on you years before a party began and there they werenow; swarming out at the porte cochere. Milliestamping her foot with irritation exclaimed that shesupposed she would have to scamper right down andentertain them till the rest arrived. So she told thebutterfingers of a nurse to get a move on and tie thatblooming sash.? Ambling affably across the grass Millie told theTripps how glad she was they could come to herparty and the Tripps said they were awfully gladthey could come too. So Millie showed them the new- doubleactionguarranteed 18 jewel diamonds wisspatented- radioliteplatinumcasewristwatch her father had givenher. And she even let Freddy Tripp listen to ittick. Then excusing herself gracefully she ambled offto confer with her mother in regard to the two speciallyimported negroes in swallowtails and scarlet vests whowere busily at work preparing the long table whichthey had with great difficulty lugged out of the cellarand placed in the shadow of apple trees.It was not long however before other glisteningthigh-fruit of millionaires began floating down thegravel driveway in purling limousines. And the crisplittle girls clustered around Millie and the shining littleboys gathered around Mr. Smith. And Mr. Smith, infun, snapped open his fancy cigarette case to jocularlyoffer the boys a 'coffin nail,' but was quite shockedwhen Frank Sweeney took one. And then all at onceUncle Ben was discovered hiding behind a tree, hemight have been peeking there for hours, but Millieimmediately dragged him out by the hand and every- body fell to playing drop-the-handkerchief exceptFrank Sweeney and Rusty Grover who sprawled onthe lawn chewing grass blades and laughing at funnythings. 2. The note the little boy brought was this:Woodster, Mass.Dear Mrs. Smith,Please excuse my son intruding on your party.But seeing all the little tots going to it I just couldn't keep him away. He living right opposite so as hecould view everything from the parlor window.Hoping Amos behaves as well as I told himI am,Your Neighbor,(Mrs) Phoebie Haggerty.Trimly clad in a swaggering little wash sailorsuitof sky blue, bright orange shoes, a jet black tie, anda jaunty sailer-hat tipped way back on his head andlabelled with flashing gilt letters, "t/.S.S. Reliance" itwas evident that Amos had neglected nothing in theperformance of his toilet. His stockings were imma- culate, not a hair on his head was misplaced, his suitwas absolutely beyond the slightest suspicion or re- proach, while his pink face fairly glistened with clean- liness. Though perhaps not exactly garbed in silksand satins Amos as the spotless product of a bathroomcould well rival the wealthiest of the little folk whogamboled so merrily on the lawn before him.Mrs. Smith, having completed her perusal of thenote, passed it to Mr. Smith with a meaning glance.But even so impeccably fortified against criticism ofany nature confusion while he waited o'erspread the„ features of the tiny tar and he seemed on the point ofsetting all sails to beat a hasty retreat when Mrs. Smithbade him pause.— I suppose we better, said Mr. Smith.— I suppose we must, said Mrs. Smith, Millie 1Here's another guest.Millie, who at that moment was racing heedlesslyaround the circle of children with the handkerchief,stopped in her tracks and looked up.— O, she said, Him?— Gome and get him, Mr. Smith sharply com- manded, His name's Amos.— But papa!— Will you, or will you not? replied Mr. Smith.— Do as your father says, added Mrs. Smith.Pouting Millie flounced over.— Well, come along then, she said dragging thelittle tar behind her. This is Amos everyone. I don'tknow his last name. — Pleased to meet you, said Uncle Ben flashinga number of gold teeth in an expansive smile. Come onin mate, the water's splendiferous. Make a berth forhim Freddie. That's the lad. Know how to play thisgame. Yes? No? Millie start again, you're it arn'tyou. One. Two. Three. Fire!And thus did Amos whose underthings silhouettedon an evening clothesline were often a superfluous, ifnot annoying, addition to the Smiths' vista of a lovelysunset, horn into society. But Amos either throughembarrassment obstinacy or inherent slowness seemedincapable of mastering the mystic laws of drop-the- handkerchief, and when somebody finally did drop itbehind him, Amos started off in the wrong directionand queered everything. Even Uncle Ben seemedirritated, so Mrs. Smith thought it best to lead Amosaway under an apple tree where he could suck histhumb quietly to himself and permit the game tocontinue without further interruption.A large negro suddenly rising from behind a lilacbush announced tea.— Hurray! Hurrah! shouted Uncle Ben, Comeboys, let's pitch in! And off across the lawn UncleBen galloped, but had hardly traversed half the distanceto the table than he tripped over a croquet wicket andpitched violently onto his face.— O, screamed Mrs. Smith, Are you hurt Ben?— Not a bit Sal, cried Uncle Ben from the sod,and in the shake of a lamb's tail he was up again witha big green smudge on his flannel trousers, but laugh- ing just as heartily at his tumble as nearly everyoneelse was, although it was quite evident he had beenbadly shaken up.Then everyone found their proper places at thetable, except Amos who somehow got into LillianFrimp's and had to be extracted but Mr. Smith boostedhim up on a red silk cushion so he could reach hisfood, and right beside Millie too for some reasonalthough it must be admitted, entirely without herconsent. And the negroes fell busily to work servingthe icecream which they produced in various fan- tastic shapes, such as cows trees bicycles soldiers kangaroos etc., to the intense excitement of Amos whoattracted 110 little attention by laughing out loud whenthe taller of the two negroes presented him what Amosthought was a hook-and-ladder, although it was reallyonly a trumpet. And everyone chattered and gobbledor were convulsed by Uncle Ben's excruciating jokes,while Millie queening it at the head of the table carriedon a flashy conversation with the Grover boys' fright- fully goodlooking chum who had seen a wild show inNew York three days before.But just as Amos was earnestly shovelling intohis face the last delicious spoke of his hook-and-ladder,(or if you will have it) the last sweet note of histrumpet, Uncle Ben rapped on the table for silenceand raising his glass of lemonade recited the followingtoast:Here's to the maiden of youthful fourteen,And here's to her father and mother,And if there is more of this splendid icecreamWe are all of us primed for another!All the guests cheered Uncle Ben's felicitousquatrain as it really expressed a general sentiment, butwhen he shouted, Speech! Speech! Millie shook herhead frantically and cried, please Papa! when Mr.Smith noisily reiterated the demand from the sidelines.— Let Amos speak then, Frank Sweeney sug- gested.— Yes, let AMOS speak: Rusty Grover cries andbanging on the table with his spoon chants;Silence in the courtroom, *The monkey's going to speak! 3. In the sickening silence which followed thispicturesque, though perhaps inhibiting proclamation,the person so unexpectedly honored squirmed uneasilyin his chair. With a mournful expression of resent- ment he paused chewing a macaroon which at thatmoment occupied his mouth, lowered his icecreamspoon dismally to his plate, and peeked ruefully upout of the corner of his eye at the clamorous mul- titude. — SPEECH! SPEECH! everyone yelled.His face which nature had endowed with a pig- ment none too uninflammable, rapidly galloped througha gamut of reds until it finally terminated in a flamingscarlet. His eyes spun horribly in their sockets, andthen all of a sudden at once . . . 4. Millie hopped off her chair. Setting a firm thoughmortified jaw she ran to her mother. With an ex- pression of embarrassed surprise Uncle Ben slowlyrose to his feet to offer his services, if needed. Thelittle guests also jumped up and stared at one anotheror stood on chairs. Rusty Grover to be fresh (becauseUncle Ben had spoken first) cried, Uncle Ben's themonkey. Some of fthe children snickered, theminister's daughter who thought the confusion wasall about her went into hysterics, and little Amos over- come by shame and desolation lowered his headgradually to the table and abandoned himself to aseries of doleful noises.— There, there, Mrs. Smith comforted reachingunder his arm pits and lifting him off the cushion,But I should say so! Quick, one of you take this.Negro hands spirited away the cushion.I knew it would happen exclaimed Millie, thelittle pig! and I told you here Ben said Mrs. Smithyou better take him home right here Sal.Uncle Ben nudged into the crowd.I told you mamma keep quiet Millie a momentthat's right put him on his feet where does he live?across the street stand back children he's all wet pleaseI told you mamma Millie will you keep still? where'shis hat? O on the tree yes I've will you? yes, I'llget it then.— I diden wanna, Amos blubbered.— That's all right mistakes in the best I'll put onhis hat I told you Millie will you go and sit down? Obut I've got it right here O then you put it O well Iwill O I can.— Know where he lives? Mrs. Smith asked.— Across the way, Uncle Ben said. Yes dear but never mind about his hat the im- portant thing just leave me be Sal dear I'll get it onimportant thing is get him home to his motherwhadeedo? innocently Freddie Tripp whispered andwas told hush!So Uncle Ben took Amos's snivelled paw in hisand the little tar waddling across Mr. Smith's expan- sive lawns on something like sea legs continued tosmudge his eyesockets with his fist and plaintivelyprotest, but looking not at all shipshape with hisjaunty sailor-hat sliding down over his eyes becauseMr. Smith was hurried and had caught the elastic bandunder the child's nose instead of his chin. But UncleBen leaned over ever so patiently telling Amos ithappened to everybody even to Uncle Ben himselfwhen he was not on the lookout.Hardly was there time to watch them disappearbeyond the hedge than cries of Look! Look! wereraised for across the lawn were the two negroes stag- gering under a glistening and enormous birthday cakethat must have measured seven feet across if it mea- sured an inch. The cake was of ecclesiastical design withsugar spires in which real little bells were hung thattinkled gently as the negroes bore it toward the table.And there were stained glass windows cleverly builtof colored candy and little sugar people going in andout of the cake and wearing frock coats. Surroundingit were fourteen flickering candles, one for each ofMillie's fourteen years. And upon the front of itemblazoned with vari-colored pellets, were the words"Happiness and Joy" under which in even larger letterswas written the word, "Afi7/ie". And the tallest spire ofthe cake must have been five feet high and was sur- mounted by a large prune.Everyone licking their lips said what a shame itwas to eat the cake because it was really a wonderfulwork of art, but Millie knew in her mind what theyreally thought.- So she carefully raised a large cleaverand with the most disengaging and innocent smile inthe world divided it into fifteen equal portions. CORRESPONDENCE John Brooks Wheelwright Sirs: Interstice Between Scylla and Charybdiswould seem to be addressed, not to sea-farers, but tothe monsters themselves, for surely the faults of theLittle Review and Broom are already widely currentas bits of useless information. Less waste of timewere these opinions formulated not to remind editorsof their failings, but to serve as a sine hoc non for theselection of a group who would make comment onarty and forward looking journalism superfluous. Theeditorial is itself a very pat instance of "combativerecognition of stupidity." To discern the faults ofothers is not always to avoid them one's self. Neitheris it necessary to depart from a policy in order todefend it.What, o Secession, is there left to secede from?Incorrigible Romantic, what a name is yours! Thetask confronting modern artists is sustained work, notrevolt. The attitude that Mencken has brought hiscriticism of Puritanism to the point where furthertriumph would entail silence, that Brooks can betrusted to carry the task he has set himself to completeexpression, implies not ungracious revolt, but humble,if tacit, acquiescence. Else there will come fromdispersal and frustration a premature reaction, andall will seem still born. Yet were not prophecy rashfor the unelect, I should predict that Secession, despiteits name, is to combine the virtues of the Little Reviewwith those virtues which it has not, and if only by talk- ing less, to accomplish for America what one is askedto believe the Dial is accomplishing, and finally tosurpass, because of a primary interest in literature, thephilosophical and critical standards of the New Repu- blic. It surprizes me to see these stalwart adjectivesused to typify that pink blanket. Only one adjectiveseems appropriate to me, ephemeral. The horridplague of what Miss Lowell calls the intentionallyminor has struck letters. To this, haply, the groupnow forming is immune, for most decidedly theiraims are otherwise. G. B. M. The intent of editorial, however, was merelyto use the Little Review and the Broom as HorribleExamples of perils between which Secession is tosteer. Had I wished to attack them as previously Iwished to attack the Dial, I should certainly havetried to penetrate deeper in my analysis. But for mypurpose in Interstice Between Scylla and Charybdisall that I felt necessary was summary descriptions ofthe two "monsters" — descriptions which may be, asMr. Wheelwright claims, widely current as bits ofuseless information. The full clause was "a comba- tive recognition of stupidities it is better to ignore thanto waste energy upon." I differ in opinion from Mr.Wheelwright. I do not believe either the LittleReview or the Broom is that kind of stupidity.There is emphatically something from which tosecede: the American literary milieu of the past decade,a milieu which believed that literature was socialdynamics and that its social significances were para- mount. There are, in addition, bitter necessitiesinherent in this milieu which demand secession. Oneof them is precisely the lack of opportunity fordevelopment by others which the valuable work ofBrooks and Mencken exemplifies. And there is, atleast, a small group of writers able by reason of thedifferent direction of their work to organize a secession.For secession is not revolt. It is rather a resig- nation from a milieu whose objects are other thanours. It is an unemotional sloughing-ofT by writerswho profit by the gains of that milieu, but have neverbeen bound to it. It is, in essence, a prompt deviationinto immediate esthetic concerns. Our warfare is notdenying, but tangential. CONGRATULATIONS,AND MORE "ILL-MANNERED REFERENCES" Gorham B. Munson The Dial announces that its 1922 Award goes toMr. T. S. Eliot. Secession feels that the Dial hashonored itself by this choice and is glad to join in theapplause for so very excellent a poet and critic asMr. Eliot has proved himself.Gilbert Seldes to Gorham B. Munson:"The terms are exceedingly de- finite." — Letter No. 1. "Possibly theconditions are not definite. One wayof defining them is by making theaward." — Letter No. 2.The next paragraphs are a purely personalstatement . . . Believing the Dial award to be a publicconcern, I believe it should be discussed as frankly asThe Waste Land itself. Therefore, I objected to itsfirst recipient on the ground that he did not fulfil, asI understood them, the conditions of the award. Inthis, — although I have since discovered that the re- ports on Mr. Sherwood Anderson current in Europewere incorrect in detail, though fairly accurate in pur- port, — I still maintain I was justified. Mr. Eliotcomes much closer to the conditions as they seemedto import when first announced.But since these conditions are admittedly vaguein the light of later qualifications, are they not a littleunfair both to the recipient and the interested public?Also, as the award is being gradually defined by theprocess of making it, is not the distinction betweenan award and a prize (which the editors of the Dialso often assure us they are not giving) rapidly evapo- rating? It does seem as though the award is used tocrown whatever creative achievement in the currentyear seems the most distinguished to the Dial editors,irrespective of all things else but American citizenshipand publication in the Dial. Until the next awardthen clarifies the conditions still more, I shall speakof the Dial Prize. None of this is at all directed against Mr. Eliot,who deserves all the prizes in Christendom not onlybecause he is a distinguished man of letters, butbecause he is besides a gentleman of letters. I hopethat the award of the Dial Prize to him will clearlyimpress journalism everywhere with his superiority.I cannot, however, hope that Mr. Eliot, being devotedto artistic excellences, will profit by the prize so wellfinancially as did his predecessor, Mr. SherwoodAnderson, whose fiction now appears in Harpers andthe Pictorial Review (at fabulous rates per word senton request) as well as in the Dial! No, Mr. Eliot ishardly likely to reproduce that embarrassing trinity. NOTE ON DER STURM K. B. On reading Herwarth Walden's Kunstdammerungin Der Sturm (13th year, No. 7—B) one asks himselfwith distress whether two parties of reaction arefighting for dictatorship of the arts. There is theretour element, pleading for an art which will havea more fundamental relationship with life; and overagainst it, there is the struggle to preserve theexclusively esthetic point of view. Says Herr Walden,defending the latter, "The man who requires therepresentation of water in order to see a bluecompletely lacks the artistic eye. If, when placedbefore a colour, one must think something before hecan experience it, he is without any colour sensewhatever. A colour is not received in the soul, but inthe eye. Everything else is simply the association ofthe subject." Walden's message is strenuous andaccurate throughout, but the reader is not compelledto accept it. The choice lies between retaining amethod found within the last twenty years, or so, andrecovering a method which has sat upon Europe forwhole centuries ... In this same issue, and the onepreceding, there is a remarkable article by Jorg Mageron the quarter-tone scale, containing documents on its history, the nature of quarter-tone instruments,music written for the quarter-tone scale, and takingup various points of harmonization. Analysis andsynthesis; modern efforts seem to be moving in bothdirections simultaneously; and to those who object"Why the quarter-tone scale?" the answer is,obviously, "To prepare the way for the eighth-tonescale" ... In the ninth number Lothar Schreyer beginsan article on The Word. The drawing of fine linesseems pointless enough up to date; one gets exhaust- ively what one already knew without exhaustion."Logokratie" does not appear in this first installment;yet, surely, that is the essential matter, the exact fixingof those regions wherein the word is man's servantand where it is his master. Man's business is primarilythat of the slayer; is not the word his best weapon forthe slaying of emotions, by transferring them intoadequate ideas? Or, conversely, the word cuts througha great complexity of ideas, by creating an emotion.If our prognostics are correct, Herr Schreyer is goingto discuss an equally promising aspect, however: thefunction of the word to staticize a transition; at least,the article ends on that note. In any case, here is asubject which has, up to this time, been in the exclu- sive possession of philosophical dictionaries; we expectDer Sturm to give it a new twist, and awaitnumber 10. BOOKS RECEIVED FOR REVIEW G. B. M. Peter Whiffle. By Carl Van Vechten. Knopf.2.—. The opening chapters titillate one's memoriesof Paris: later chapters on Mabel Dodge's studio par- ties titillate one's interest in the peripheral activitiesof artists. The sum total return from writing whosetedious "being bright" is broken only by awkward sagsand whose attempt at satire is impotent because theessential properties — a solid and a rapier — arelacking. Mr. Knopf, taking heed of German publishers,outshines his author by his book covers. The chiefinterest of Peter Whiffle is the sorry commentary theenthusiastic reception accorded to it makes on Ameri- can "critics."Indelible. By Elliot H. Paul. Houghton Miflin.$ 1.75. Mr. Paul is a promising recruit to that field ofAmerican fiction bounded by Dreiser, Lewis, Floyd Dell,and Zona Gale whom he resembles most. To thosewho have already surveyed1 the esthetic possibilitiesof this field, he offers nothing beyond a pleasantvariation. And to those still interested in it, I leave hiscloser assessment. Burton Rascoe believes Indelible isthe first instance of a literary use of the Americanlanguage. Mr. Rascoe, however, is famously gratefulfor small accomplishments. Elizabeth Delzaannounces the re-opening of her School of theDance at Studio 61, Carnegie Hall, 7th Avenueand 57 th St., New York. Miss Delza is a dancerat the Neighborhood Playhouse, New York, andan instructor in dancing at the Seymour Schoolof Musical Re-Education. She was formerly apupil of Mary Porter Beegle and Michio Itowand has studied at the Dalcroze School, Paris.For the fall season she offers four courses ofStudies in Rhythm and Plastique in NaturalDancing. Each course will consist of 20 lessonsand will meet once a week. The tuition is $ 35for each, payable in two installments, $20 at thebeginning and $ 15 in the middle of the course.Course A is for children (7 to 10 years) and meets onSaturdays from 3 to 4 p. m., starting October 14.Course Bis for children (11 to 14 years) and meets onSaturdays from 4 to 5 p. m., starting October 14.Course C is for adults (beginners) and meets onThursdays from 8 to 9 p. m., starting October 19.Course D is for adults (advanced) and meets onThursdays from 9 to 10 p.m., starting October 19.Each class is limited to only eight students ofeither sex, thus insuring careful attention.For further information and registry, writeELIZABETH DELZA1361 — 46th St., Brooklyn, N. Y.Tel. Blythebourne 4424 P APEWhen the English edition of JURGEN came out, FRANK PAPfe,the man who illustrated it, 'woke up to find himself famous'.The black-and-whites were a sensation. Four new pen and inkdrmi%sX'ear in THE WAVE No. 5The same number will include three fascinating, beautifullyexecuted stories—"The Deaf Satyr" from the Spanish of Ruben Dario byH. C. SCHWEIKERT"The Transformation of Trefekew" by SAMSON HORN"The Princess Antimacassar" by VINCENT STARRETTand an Essay by ARTHUR MACHENand poems by ANNIE HIGGINS, ELIZABETH OSBORN, WIL-BUR UNDERWOOD and others.(Miss Higgins and Miss Osborn are discoveries of the Editor of THE WAVE)Ale A Other stories, essays and poems, and the Demi-Tasse—theAlaU Editor's gossip on Life and Letters—and original wood cuts.If* O C 117 * IT p A Journal of Art and letters* *1 Published Bf-Monihly 2103N. Haisted St., Chicago, hi. — 25 c. a copy $ 1.50 the Year REBELS AND REACTIONARIESrub shoulders amiably and in perfect harmony inTHE DOUBLE DEALERPublished at New Orleanswhich prints good writing by youngsters or greybeards regardlessof school, influence, or tradition. It shares none of the prejudicesof the right wing or the left wing in contemporary literature,but "deceives them both by speaking the truth." It printsexhilarating creative and critical material by such writers asHart Crane Arthur SymonsDjuna Barnes Lord DunsanyLouis Oilmore Lafcadio HearnCarl Van Vechten Maxwell BodenheimEdmund Wilson jr. Paul Eldridgeand half a hundred others.You have heard r\ I |Q| CT f"\ ET A I CD Why not seeof the L/VJUOL-CL UHAl—Lin What it is?Single copy 25 cents — Year's subscription $ 2.50Trial Offer: Five Months $ 1.00IAddress: 204 Baronne Street, New Orleans, La., U.S.A. The first three issues ofSECESSIONwere greeted by its contemporaries in America andEurope with outcries of rage, scorn, hatred, envy,superstition, admiration, wonder, fear, pity, rancour,reverence, mockery, acclaim, obloquy, indicating thatA REVIEW DEVOTED TOEXPERIMENTAL LITERATURE,and to Adventures with New and Old Forms, and tothe overhauling of Criticism, would not passUnheard, Unfelt, Unsung, Unwept,SECESSIONwill continue to take new directions in every number.The other magazines are its points of departure! Thenext two numbers of SECESSION will be devotedrespectively to DESTRUCTIVE and CONSTRUCTIVECriticism of American Writings.American writers who will contribute to SECESSION are:Richard Ashton Slater BrownWill Bray Kenneth BurkeMalcolm Cowley Hart CraneE. E. Cummings Waldo FrankMatthew Josephson Marianne MooreGorham B. Munson Wallace StevensWilliam Carlos WilliamsSubscription: One Dollar for six IssuesAddress:Gorham B. Munson, 1361 46th. Street,Brooklyn, New York "Say, the firm Roman to great Egypt sendsThis treasure of an oyster."WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE%