Bruno's Weekly 1 7 August 28st, MCMXV naaq_1915-08-28_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 1 7 GRIEVE NOT. Mary Pyne cre 1 Monday, Thursday and Friday in Charles Edison's Little Thimble. 1-2 Love Smoke Miss Clarvoe's Operetta 2-3 Little Sally Hamlin 3 Reading Another Man's Paper D. Molby cre 3 Two Evening Performances This Week 4 Diamond Disc Concert on the Square 4 Zippa From the German of Paul Scheerbart, by Guido Bruno cre 4 Washington Square in Winter Illustration 5 Patriots Alfred Kreymborg cre 5 Greenwich Village The Romance of One Night Guido Bruno cre 6-7 Dancing Around by Clara Tice Illustration 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 BRUNO'S WEEKLY Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square No. 7 AUGUST 28th, MCMXV Vol. I. Copyright 1915 by Quido [Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued' BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, edited, written, published by Guido Bruno, at$8 Washington Square, New York. Subscription price $1 yearly GRIEVE NOT. Mary Pyne Grieve not that thou must play the minor partOnly to follow, where thou might have ledWith all the skill of him whose crystal notesShrill forth so brilliantly—so brilliantly—If thou art weary and a wistful tearRests gently on thy cheek—be not ashamed,For in thy heart is naught of bitternessAnd all is well; play thou but on and onUntil some time when, bending low thy headIn reverence in humility,Thou seest about thee in the SilencesRapt, lisfning faces where before were none;Not men—ah no, but more—the Souls of Men. Monday, Thursday and Friday inCharles Edison's Little Thimble. A TRULY American-made program and representative ofthe aims of the American composers of our day will be playedon Monday afternoon in Charles Edison's Little Thimble The- atre, No. 10 Fifth Avenue, New York.Miss Lois Fox will present a few negro songs and negromelodies composed by her and based on old Southern negro folklore.Miss Fox spent her early childhood and the greater part of herlife on the plantations of the South. She has made it her lifework to portray and help to preserve negro music and negrosongs of the old plantation slaves. The negro of to-day wishesnot to be reminded of his ancestors half a century ago whowere freed from bondage. Those songs and melodies of thenegro slaves of yore are full of longing for freedom—full ofmelancholy. The sorrow over conditions that seemed to themunchangeable. The tragedy of their lives as slaves has made thenegroes of to-day dislike the music of their great-grandparents.It is unquestionably the only American original music producedup to now. And it is a hard task to portray it or write it forfuture preservation on account of its unusual intervals, intona- tions and inflections.Miss Fox collected, among the oldest negroes of the Southernplantations,songs and melodies they used to sing and hum beforethe War of Secession. She will shortly publish her life work,fixing down for eternal times this unquestionably Americanmusic. Her program comprises "Aunt Sue and Her Ghosty Lamp,""A Negro Love Story" and "A Group of Songs of Slaveryand Bondage."Miss Katharonza Clarvoe, a Maryland singer and composer,will sing and play a selection from her light operetta, "The LoveSmoke."Miss Clarvoe received her entire training in this country butstudied harmony and counterpoint with Albert Hamerik, thefriend and pupil of Hector Berlioz and one of the few Americanswho were close companions of the great French composer. Themusic of this operetta has the charm of the old school, whenragtime was not known, when people had time to listen to thesweet melody of an enchanting air,—of those old days whenmusic was meant for the heart. "The Opening Chorus," "ToSteal a Girl or Two," "The Widow's Song," and "When TheMoon's Waning" are melodies which one hums on one's wayhome, and whose echoes sound iri&lt; us long after we have heardthem.Sally Emery Hamlin, great-granddaughter of Hannibal Ham- lin, Lincoln's war Vice-President,—a little slip of a girl not yettwelve, will play and recite a selection from American composers,and James Whitcomb Riley's poem, "Little Orphan Annie," setvery uniquely to music. Love Smoke Miss Clarvoe's Operetta M OST unfortunately the libretto to Miss Clarvoe's music isfar below even the average. There is no plot in the comedy.The lyrics are meaningless and badly-put-together words, andthe amateurishness of the entire production is its only feature.Miss Clarvoe had during the past week several offers of sub- stitutes for her libretto and most probably she will accept astory laid_ in the colonial days of America. The selection ofher melodies which she will play and sing on Monday afternoonand on Thursday and Saturday evening in Charles Little Thimble Theatre are a well-chosen representation of thecomposer's ability and versatility.Pico, a strolling magician, with caldron for the brewing of themagic love smoke, arrives the village of Tarassa: in Spain, duringthe celebration of the wedding of Toninio and Violeta. Margarita,foster-sister of Violeta and belle of the village, fancies herself in lovewith Toninio. Meanwhile the captain of a passing company of soldiers,Francisco, sees and' admires Margarita and vows to return, woo andwin her. He inhales the love smoke and a vision of her appears tohim. Later he visits Tarassa during a festival; endeavors to meetMargarita but is prevented by Pico, who slyly administers to himthe love smoke, by which he is overcome. Pico then throws himdown the chasm. Padre Pedro, the village priest, seeing his people acting queerlyand finding that they have inhaled the love smoke, ejects Pico fromhis village. Pico induces Margarita to inhale the love smoke andcarries her off into the mountains. Ines, a widow many times, arrivesand witnesses the elopement. Francisco is rescued from the evil ofthe chasm and pursues Pico and Margarita; after several d'ays Mar- garita is discovered; Pico has forced her to marry him; he treats hercruelly and compels her to dance publicly and to sing at iairs tormoney. Margarita, persuaded by Francisco, gives her consent to leaveher husband, but missing him at an appointed place at an appointedhour, she returns to Tarassa. Pico follows her persistently and triesto kill Francisco, but is prevented by Ines. Little Sally Hamlin Sally Emery Hamlin is the daughter of Dr. C. Hamlin, ofBrooklyn, N. Y. Her grandfather was Gen. Chas. Hamlin, ofMaine, graduate of Bowdoin College, Reporter of Decisions ofthe Maine Supreme Court, Speaker of the Maine House. Hewrote many essays on law. During the Civil War he served onthe staff of Gen. A. A. Humphreys as adjutant general and tookpart in the battle of Gettysburg and for his services he was of- ficially thanked by his division commander. In 1865 he severedhis connection with the army, having been brevetted BrigadierGeneral of Volunteers.Her great-grandfather was Hannibal Hamlin, U. S. Senatorfor many years from Maine, and Lincoln's Vice-President. LittleSally attended the public schools and was awarded a scholarshipby the New England Conservatory of Music. She also won theBurnham Scholarship given by the Thursday Musical Club ofNew York, this by competition. Reading Another Man's Paper By D. Molby |P OR aj man to crane his neck on the Subway or Elevated* to read the headlines of another's paper seems a small thingto do; it even seems parsimonious. But no one would be parsi- monious for a cent. This man reads one's paper only becausehe is interested in what is happening in the world and has timeto read, but does not have a paper nor the opportunity presentto buy one.In such cases one should observe tolerance to the extent ofholding the paper in position so he can read it too, and if whenone starts to fold it he moves his head so as to continue readingsome item, one should hesitate, until by his straightening, oneis assured he is through. There is no law requiring this, but itwould be a kind act. He knows that one is aware of his readingand to abruptly cut him off, strikes him in the light of reproof.If one really intends reproof, let one divide the paper, offeringhim a part, and when each has read his part, exchange. This,if done in proper manner, will heap coals of fire on his headand make him feel so cheap that the next time he will buy apaper for himself. Two Evening Performances This Week THERE will be two evening performances in Charles Edi- sons, Little Thimble Theatre at 10 Fifth Avenue during thecoming week, Thursday and Saturday evenings at 8:15. The in- teresting program of Monday afternoon will be repeated withthe addition of a few numbers.There are no admission fees charged and anyone who wishesto attend may apply letter or in person at the offices of theLittle Thimble Theatre. Diamond Disc Concert on the Square C LOW but sure are the ways of our city authorities, so ittook nearly three weeks to set into permanent practice Mr.Charles Edison's Greenwich Village activities.Permission was granted him on August 18th by the Departmentof Parks to give phonograph concerts in Washington SquarePark. The concerts will take place every Monday and Fridayevening from 8 to 10 p. m.Permission also was given Mr. Edison to have "rhythmic ex- ercises and dancing take place on the paved portions of the Parknear the arch during the afternoon concerts on Wednesday andSaturday afternoons from 2 to 4:30 p. m."Especially these Childrens' Hours—and grown ups who feellike having a dance on the Square, passing by and lured by thelittle ones are surely not excluded—will be a rare treat equally tothe offspring of the elevator apartment-house dwellers and tothose that habitate the tenement houses back of the Square andin Greenwich Village proper. ■ Zippa From the German of Paul Scheerbart, by Guido Bruno oh, COME, come nearer to the lamp," gleefully exclaimed Zippa.Her wings fluttered and two hundred little mosquitoes fol- lowed the invitation of little Zippa, happy, joyful, without hesita- tion, without thinking.Under the lamp, which was covered by a green silk screen,sat an old man eating his supper.And there came Zippa with two hundred mosquitoes, andZippa felt hilarious like never before."Dying! Dying surely is the sweetest thing in life! Howwe do wish to die! Just to die!" And all the mosquitoes re- peated Zippa's exclamations.With merry laughter they fluttered against the hot chimney,and soon they lay convulsed with pain next to the supper dishesof the old man. He wanted to kill quickly the dying mosquitoesso that they would not suffer a long death agony.But Zippa cried while she shook her burnt wings. "Just leaveus alone. We are happy to die—dying is so beautiful!" Andagain all the dying mosquitoes repeated what Zippa had said.And everybody was laughing—and died.The old man continued his supper.He was hungry. Washington Square in Winter Patriots Alfred Kreymborg Blood or tears—Here, take them both!Blood of meand tears of her.Blood or tears—who'd keep them back?Not I, nor she—Here, Emperor! Greenwich Village The Romance of One Night By Guido Bruno |T is not given to everyone to take a bath of multitude:the enjoyment of crowds is an art: and he alone canhave a bout of vitality at the expense of humanity to whoma fairy has inspired, in his cradle, a taste for travesties andmasquerades, the hatred of home and the passion for travel.Multitude, solitude: terms equal and convertible by the activeand fruitful poet. He who knows not how to people hissolitude, knows not how to be alone in a busy crowd.Who wrote this beautiful truth? I tortured my mind tothink where I had read it and whose original thoughts they were.Was it Baudelaire? Or was it O. Henry? Or was it Theodorede Banville?Whenever I am broke, wandering about the streets, stand- ing still at some busy corner and reviewing the crowds pass- ing me, I think of these words and think how true they are.But I never have taken the trouble to find out who really theirauthor was.It was a cold October night and I was broke. No—notthat way. I had a home, if you can call an apartment con- sisting of a couple of rooms, a kitchenette and bathroom, ahome. And there was nothing about me that would have pre- vented taxi-drivers seeing a prospective fare in me or thehead-waiter of the most exclusive hotel from conducting mepersonally to a table I might have indicated with my eyes.I was well-dressed, I had signed my tab for a good dinnerin my club and had unfortunately forgotten to provide myselfwith cigarettes.I realized my oversight shortly after leaving the club- house but I did not feel like walking back. And so I hurriedto my apartment, searched for something smokeable on tables,in drawers, in the pockets of all my suits. With no result.Now there is nothing worse in this world than to want to smoke,knowing you can't have it. It made me restless. I am not acigarette fiend: I often pass days and weeks without smoking.But the thought not to have ten cents to purchase the cheapestpack of cigarettes brought me face to face with facts—wellI never had dared to face them. What kind of an existence is itthat I was leading all these years? How could it happen that Iwas practically penniless ? I have gone through times of this kindso often that I took them for granted. Something always hap- pened to relieve the situation. A check would come in, I wouldpay off my house account in the club: if there was any back rent,I would pay it, too. Strengthening so my credit, I lookedforward to the meager weeks to come with the same confidenceas the man who deposits in the bank a substantial sum ofmoney for rainy days.No, it was not the desire to reform, or to turn a newleaf. I knew myself too well and I am accustomed to besincere with myself. But whenever I am broke, a philosophical mood takes possession of me. For hours I had been tryingto solve the problem: why am I without a cent?My desire to smoke increased every minute. I rememberedthat a friend of mine who lived at the McAlpin Hotel was at- tending a performance at Wallack's Theatre. I forgot to men- tion that I never borrow money from any private individualand I often had rather walked miles in situations as at presentthan to ask some of my friends for a personal loan. I de- cided to walk up to the McAlpin, to post myself on the cornerof Thirty-fourth Street and Sixth Avenue and take my chanceof meeting him in case he returned immediately after theshow to his room.I wanted to ask him for a cigarette.It was about eleven o'clock. I was standing at that cornerand reviewing the dense crowds that passed. How aloneand forlorn I felt among all this chattering, smiling andtacit throng of men and women. "Multitude: solitude!" andI tortured my mind to think of the man who had expressedthis supreme truth in such a wonderful way. If I had had acigarette I would have enjoyed looking at the well dressedmen with clean-shaven faces and the women in their eveninggowns with soft wraps, in dainty slippers and silk stockingsof all colors. What a marvellous symphony! those stockingsand slippers crossing over from Broadway. And what a discordthe faces of the people who wore them!There was the placid self-contented matron, with herbread—and pleasure providing husband, walking side by side,both with serious faces, both thinking: they had nothing tosay to each other. A studious looking fellow with clean cutfeatures linked arms with a fresh-looking girl: the eyes ofboth are shining, intensely interested in their conversation.They hurried to the tunnels. A prosperous manufacturer—he must be a manufacturer—with a young woman. He is oldand she is young. He is proud of her and she is like one ofthose fashion designs of Bakst: pretty, a wonderful colorscheme, but with dead eves: a striking impersonation of "I- don't-care." If I only had a cigarette I could enjoy this,enjoy it more than the people who paid two dollars to see ashow.What a wonderful drama is Life! and how well it is actedby us! What an actor are you—and I—and our friends.And here are the proper backgrounds! Little newsboysscreaming at the top of their voices—"All about the mur- der !' And on the grotesquely illuminated board in front ofthe Herald building, the latest war reports. Pompouslydressed women following their profession: a troup of Salva- tionists with drum and flying banners returning to theircitadel: the surface cars passing hither and thither: theelevated thundering over its structure—an ambulance annoyinglypersistent—the hoot-hoot of automobiles—oh, what a drama IIf I only had a cigarette!I felt an arm thrust gently through mine. "Walk overwith me to the depot,"it was a woman's voice, a melodiousvoice but one that evidently knew how to give commands. Ididn't make the least resistance. We made our way through thecrowds on the sidewalk, passed to the other side of the streetand walked towards the depot. She spoke quietly, continuously1 _ • • * \ ana very impressively. Dancing Around by Clara Tice This Weeks* Performances and ConcertsCharles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, Situatedat No. 10 Fifth Avenue, Greenwich Village,N.Y.C.Guido Bruno, ManagerMonday, 2:30 p. m. Matinee at The Little Thimble TheatreTuesday, 8:00 p. m. Disc Concert on the SquareWednesday, 2:00 p. tn. Children's Hour and Disc Concert onthe SquareThursday, 8:15 p. m. Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatreFriday, 8:00 p. m. Disc Concert on the SquareSaturday, 12:00 Children's Hour and Disc Concert onthe Square44 8:15 p. m. Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatreAsk or write for ticket of admission to TheLittle Thimble Theatre performances. Theyare free of charge.