The mask 8 6 September 1918 naau_1918-09_01 The mask 8 6 NO LITTLE THEATRE YET NO COMMERCIAL PLAYHOUSE EITHER. 1 PROJECT FOR RESTORATION OF THE OPERA HOUSE, STUTTGART, IN THE EIGHTEENTH CENTURY. Illustration 1 A PLEA FOR TWO THEATRES. EDWARD GORDON CRAIG 1915 Florence cre 1-4 Untitled Image Illustration 3 Untitled Image Illustration 3 A FOUNTAIN which spouted forth ungodly Wine in the streets during the Pageant at the "entrêe" of a French King to be crowned at Rheims.... in the 15th century. Illustration 4 Untitled Image Illustration 4 A MONTHLY LEAFLET OFTHE ART OF THE THEATREPRICE ONE PENNYVOLUME EIGHT: NUMBER SIXADDRESS: BOX 444. FLORENCE All rights reserved September 1918.Gerente responsabile: Giulio Vanzi.Tipografia Giuntina. Firenze. PRICE ONE PENNY. NO LITTLE THEATREYET NO COMMERCIAL PLAYHOUSE EITHER. PROJECT FOR RESTORATION OF THE OPERA HOUSE,STUTTGART, IN THE EIGHTEENTH CENTURY. WHY it is beginning to be believed that it is only a LittleTheatre which can be non-commercial, and why itshould be a hideous principle to bring a theatre to pay noone seems to know. It is not clear at all.Little Theatres are all right.... the more the merrier....But large theatres are just as right.Commerce is all right too. The Little Theatres need notdo more than strain every nerve and muscle to make theirproduct a success.... they do do this.... and then they makemoney. They try to do good work, and good work paysas well as any other work.What is needed by all Theatres,... Little or 8ig,... isan honest administrator,... a man of business who understandshe has got to make good things pay; not one who howlsthat the public don't like good things. For that is a lie.Little or Large Theatres then are just the same proposition.It is no easier to create a good work of art on a littlestage than on a big 0ne.... ana no harder. It is the sameproposition.FIND ARTISTS.... there are only a few.... Find honestadministrators who like a difficult task. You may then takewhat theatre you wish,... large or little. TO EXCLUDE HONEST ORGANIZERSAND ARTISTS FROM THE ENGLISHTHEATRE IS A BLUNDER. A PLEA FORTWO THEATRES. by EDWARD GORDON CRAIG1915 Florence, A FOUNTAINwhich spouted forth ungodlyWine in the streets during thePageant at the "entrêe" ofa French King to be crownedat Rheims.... in the 15thcentury. IIIA PERISHABLETHEATRE.Dedicated to the Tired Business Man. WHEN speaking of a PerishableTheatre I do not want anybodyto imagine that I use the word f! Pe- rishable n as implying something hardlyworth consideration. I use it so as todistinguish it from the Durable Thea- tre, to place it apart; not that it isinferior to the Durable Theatre, onlythat it is different.Neither would I like my readersto imagine that by a Perishable Thea- tre I mean the present theatre.As an aid to imagining such atheatre one needs but to recall thedifferent periods of theatrical art, toseize upon those parts which are leaststable, most evanescent; picture themmore unstable, more evanescent; andwe have an idea of the thing.For instance, let us take the sameorder as we did in considering theDurable Theatre.First, the Drama.All would have to be spontaneous.If it were a play of words it wouldhave to be improvisation. If dancing,very much n go as you please n, as inthe folk dances: if singing, it wouldhave to be improvised too : in the casesof spoken play and sung play, oropera, we have plenty of precedent togo upon. In Italy in the fifteenth andsixteenth centuries they were mastersof the art of Improvisation, and, as aproof of how perishable this improvi- sation was, there is really little morethan the comedy of Moli&amp;re which re- cords it, and in Moli&amp;re of coursethe dialogue is highly polished andfinished, brought almost to a durablestate.To some extent we find a lightform of the perishable play in theVaudeville performances of today. Ihave said n light w, and refrained fromsaying n inferior 11 for the good reasonthat I do not think them inferior.If those who question this will try toimprovise even to the extent that thevaudevillists do, they will find it sucha difficult task that I think they willchange their minds if ever tempted todub it 11 inferior w.We find a considerable amount of improvisation in the circus also, at leastin the old-fashioned circuses..*, newlyfurbished up as they may be..., thatwe meet with in Europe. I do notknow what those are like that onemeets with in America, but can ima- gine they can do as well in the im- provising line.I have taken the trouble now andthen hurriedly to write down the con- versation between the clowns in. a cir- cus, and to a**great extent it resemblesthe conversations in Moli&amp;re; in es- sentials the method is practically thesame, but when recorded the result isanything but funny. The point madeat the end is always the thing onwhich they are counting to convulsetheir hearers, and the rest is all pre- paration to get them into an expectantstate of mind.I myself have never heard any sin- gers improvise, but I have heard someinstrumentalist musicians who roamabout the streets of Florence in thespring and summer evenings who doimprovise, and sometimes do it wellenough to convince any unbeliever thatcuch a thing is not an impossibility.I think it is unnecessary to mentionthe East when speaking of the pos- sible development of Western art; notthat I am wanting in respect for whatthe East possesses and can produce;but there is a danger in becoming tooearly acquainted with a matured fo- reign development of an art whichshould be evolved afresh from one'sown soil.After working for many years andsearching for ways and means to createwhat at last comes clearer into visioneach day, one can with more safety ven- ture into the East to gain encouragementand assistance. But for the present wewill leave it out of the discussion, al- though doubtless Improvisation is prac- tised continually in many parts ofAsia.I think that those who improvisedramas should limit themselves to lightsubjects which they do not mind lo- sing ; to improvise on the theme ofRomeo and Juliet or Coriolanus, JuliusCaesar or the would seem tobe out of tune ; probably this is whyclowns unconsciously select scenes ofrobbing their neighbours or making themfall over a hidden, wire, these pettyassaults being things that can be for- gotten as soon as done; but the mur- der of Julius Caesar or the burial ofone of the Pharoahs is ijot a thingwhich any seriously flippant man wouldwish to forget in a hurry. For mypart, although it is a digression to sayso, I think only a flippantly serious man would select such themes for thedurable theatre either. How rightlythey belong to the present day theatrewhich is neither durable nor ephe- meral IAlthough the main theme of thecomic improvisators is n doingano- ther man, the incidents are varied andthe by-paths many. And the moralof the whole is always good, for it isthe fool who pretends to be wiser thanthe other fool who invariably getsn done n because he wishes to showhis superior wisdom.It is seldom elegant, this comedy,and yet a perishable theatre wouldhave to possess its improvised dramasthat were elegant and even exquisite.Perhaps here we should drop speechand pass to the dance, care beingtaken to avoid anything like a danceof a priestess before the altar of love,lest the little boy in the corner shouldgiggle.... through good taste.But dances based upon the move- ments of the perishable things in na- ture,... the ugly little insects and themore beautiful insects; in fact the wholeshort-lived creation; and, perhaps, thepassing phases of childhood; even thebrittieness of toys suggests itself as atheme. Not only the fact that a thingis perishable but that it is mutable isof value. e O THE PLACE. O ARCHITECTURE does not comeinto this question of place, forthe ephemeral theatre. Its Dramacould be performed in any and everyplace, and caprice and phantasy mightput together stages one more fantasticthan the other. Something, like ahouse of cards; with the suggestionthat, should we lean against it, itwould topple over. It needs nimbleinvention more than profound imagi- nation,. so I am almost tempted to sug- gest that a woman might be able toinvent this stage, for there is somethingof thi bonnet, something of the well- shaped, well-trimmed bonnet: or hatabout it. Builders might have to becalled in, but the imagination is sprightly,like a serious tight-rope dancer. Hermind would turn with revulsion fromcold marble ; bronze would not enterinto her thoughts; but basket work,trellisses, impossible winding flights ofsteps which would give way under thefirst heavy tread. And then beautifuldiaphanous silks as sparingly used ason Sunday in I fyde Park, some beau- tiful embroidery, still more beautifuljewellery, and plenty of it to changeday after day. Cannot you imagine a stage heldup by supports as thin as storks' legs,trimmed with the plumage of birds,and here and there a long string ofpearls hanging ? Powder, beautifulpowder all over the floor, perfumes,...but here I am taking in not only theplace but the scene, costume and all.Little tapers of the finest wax,...Not enough tapers ?... then bring in athousand more in silver sticks. No, Ithink we will have crystal. Eachcandle perfumed, and perfuming theair as it burns. Such a quantity ofbeautiful lace, everything spick andspan,... and perishable.And on to this stage and into thisscene enter the actors.Nothing so elephantine as thosedubbed n the marvellous dancers ofRussia n; nothing so heavy as thediaphanous n Grecian dancers "; butjust something frail; always somethingfragile.... pale I fancy them, seldomspeaking above a whisper; alwayssinging, as it were, with the mutes on.But here I am picturing oneperishable theatre, though there mightbe the rougher kind wherein even lathand plaster, and certainly paper, couldplay their parts; with sand instead ofpowder, fishers 'or fowlers' nets insteadof lace, torches instead of perfumedcandles. But one need not go farwith eyes and ears in one's head topick out the myriads of perishablethings of this world and bring them toour service ; and even with the leastexercise of imagination, sitting in yourchair, you can conjure up numbers ofuseful resources.Thus we have sketched in a fewlines these two theatres, the Durableand the Perishable. The ephemeral isthe work of young people, and thedurable is theirs also when they shallhave passed through youth, (i) Thusthe one would be a training for theother. Instead of quickly attempting athing beyond their powers they shouldbegin with the playful phase, and if inten years they had tired of it,... astire they w0u1d,... they should be able after this early experience, and if theystill loved the theatre very much, toenter on a new and inspiring phase oftheir development, entering the DurableTheatre after having passed through thePerishable one.The theatre, (especially such theatresas I have sketched), educates ; not inthe sense in which the word is generallyused; you will not educate youngpeople by taking them to a theatre tosee stupid, clumsy and ill-begottenthings done in front of their eyes, butit will be an education to give them aplace in which they can play andexpend all their vitality and delight usinto the bargain.And now what of the presenttheatre ? To be continued. THE LITTLE THEATRESOF AMERICA.ACCORDING to Miss c. D. Mac- kaye who has written a bookon n The Little Theatres in the Uni- ted States ", the Washington SquarePlayers established in 1915 are n un- doubtedly the most interesting groupof Little Theatre Players in theStates n.The Washington Square Bookshopis where the conspirators are wontto meet, and although the name ofMr Egmont Arens is not mentionedin the above book, he it is who pre- sides at the Bookshop,It might be interesting could MrArens see his way to publishing smallseparate books dealing individually withthese Little Theatres: books writtenmodestly by men who work in thesetheatres. A record of fa&amp;ts, unador- ned, about each playhouse, would helpus all to see the situation far betterthan vague, and often incorrect, evenif larger, books can do.By the way, Miss Mackay's state- ment that Antoine's Theatre was thefirst intimate indoor theatre,... the firstgenuine Little Theatre in Europe thew.orld had ever seen,... is hardly correct.: Whether she is correct in statingthat n The whole naturalistic art of theTheatre as we know it today dates back to the experimentation of Andr£ An- toine n we cannot say; but then, whatis n naturalistic art " ? and how is itrelated especially to Little Theatres?It will interest our friends over inAmerica as well as here to learn ofa book all about " Little Theatres nin 1837."CHRONIQUES DES PETITSTHEATRES DE PARIS"....And we reproduce the title pagefor you to see. CHRONIQUESDESPetits TheatresDE PARISDepuis lcur creation jusqu'i ce jourPAR N. BRAZIERI*PARISALLARDiN. LIBRAJRE,quai ds l'hojiloos, by«537 THE Little Theatres of America haveproved good in that they have over- come those infants, Klaw, Erlanger,Frohman, Schubert and Co. Theywere foolish children to try and kickagainst the pricks, and the Little Thea- tres have gently rocked them to sleep.But we want to see the best LittleTheatre given more funds to work0n.... really we do: or we want tosee it not frightened of money or ofbeing commercial. Commerce is allright: it's only the Frohmans, Klaws,Erlangers and Co. who degrade thea- tre commerce, and by doing so, havebrought it into bad odour.We of the New Movement maketoo many protestations that we are notas other men; We are all like every- one else;.... only one or two of us,(may be ten in a million, and thatestimate is high), lack certain qualitiespossessed by the others:.... that makesus up ten geniuses. In view of theirlack of those qualities, don't you think we should all give genius more privi- leges to make up for Their awful defi- ciencies ?Genius could do with the privileges,no doubt; and we,... we really needthe geniuses. Yet the whole tendencyof the Little Theatres is to overlookgenius just as the Commercial Theatre .did.... Isn't it strange 1TO ONE OR TWO IN THETHEATRES OF AMERICA.DEAR Genius, whereeveryou are, I am with you... Iknow that it is you who createsand gives these very virtuousperfect persons all the ideas theybring as their own, and discussso solemnly. You, dear Genius,you are the little and the greatTheatres; and only that Play- house, be it small or large,which glories in the presenceof Genius instead of fearingit.... shall be remembered inthe years and ages to come. IT COSTS SO LITTLE.IN Paris, in Rome, in Milan, in Flo- rence,... in most cities, but not inLondon, they name streets after deadwriters, painters, sculptbrs, musicians.It is a very great happiness to feelthat, though I may get nothing elsefor having helped make your centuryor establish a new standard in art, Iam able to count on a street beingnamed by my name:.... I am thinkingfor the moment that I am Mozart,Molifere or Gustave Flaubert.Of course, I may be only Shaw,Wells or myself;.... but there are littlecul de sacs and blind alleys surely,even in London. To be godfather toa slum would be something.... Andwho knows out of our slums what greatstar might not shoot.It costs so little, too Shake- speare Slum;.... or Meredith Mews....BRITAINFOR THEBRITISH A REASON FOR NAMINGSTREETS AFTER ARTISTS.SUPPOSE you say, as we must alladmit, that the artist, be he evena writer like Shakespeare of thegreatest magnitude, is in England byno means recognized as of any accountin the mind of the people. Wouldnot this fact of naming little streetsafter him,... and us a11,... have theeffect of gradually helping the peopleto think about him; asking themselves,11 Why is this called n Blake Lane" ?B Why this " Shelley Square n?... andgradually learning why,... but gra~dually.It would cost so little.The pain to the Puritans would beso gradual.... LI HUNG CHANG by J. O. P.Bland. (B Makers of the NineteenthCentury n series). (Constable. London.)Price 6 / - net. OTHER * Makers * are : GeneralGordon, Delane of the n Time# n,Abraham Lincoln, Herbert Spencer,Porfirio Diaz, Cecil Rhodes, VictorHugo, General Lee, Leon Gambettaand Abdul Hamid.These are announced as ' Ready now*.It is so like the Makers of the Nine- teenth Century to be ready now.And this is only one of the reasons whythe title seems so fatuous. People wouldas loosely call Shakespeare, for instance,a maker of the fifteenth century: heis not that; he is the maker of astandard which lasts long over a cen- tury or two. General Gordon, again,is perhaps the maker of a standard forall British soldiers. Time has preciselynothing to do with it.From the other point of view is itapt, in these democratic days, to makeso short a list... (and five on the listare still in preparation) of but ten ortwelve men... who ' made ' a century ?I ask, is it apt ? For one understoodthat it was the People to whom be- longed the credit of making a certaindivision of time.... er.... pass. Am Iright ?This being the case, I think thisbook on Mr Chang should have beenabout Mr Wo, Mr Lu, and Mr Wu, theBrown, Smith and Robinson of the ricefields.I myself am one of those,., what doesMr Jones call them,... Pedestrian peo- ple?... who would like a book aboutMessrs Wo, Lu and Wu and all theiraunts and uncles; and 1 think it isjust one more injustice to a place thatshall be unmentionable, that I may notreceive a book on their vulgar goingson in Canton, which, I presume, isthe Monte Carlo of these field mice.What a lovely thought this leads to.what a vista for the poor publishers!I like the publishers myself, and so tothink that in the future they are goingto have in their hands the biographies,the memoirs, and, what is more, thesecret memoirs, of anything between oneand two hundred millions individualsseems almost too good to be true. Can'tyou see Mudie's young men strugglingupstairs and downstairs with the newbatch of the six volume w My Recollec- tions ■ by J. K. L. W. Jones? Theexcitement to know what Jones thinksof us all; how it struck Jones : and the correspondence t00!... what Smith wroteto him, and what they both had tosay about Robinson. By Jingo ! whattimes are coming for us! times packfull of joy and rides.The worst of it is that, all of us being4 makers * of the twentieth century, whowill there be left to read,?... except thosefew who might have become what isnow so out-moded,... the great men oftoday..... Well, with such a prospect itwould be ungenerous to grumble.As for the book in question, beingby Mr. J. O. P. Bland, it can be noother than it is. I would like a hun- dred new books about China by Blandand Backhouse; and as for other writerson China except for Professor Giles.....But then for our part we are like that.We want one good thing in every branchknowing we can't, get two equally asgood.Modern Civilization, on the otherhand, tries to explain that there can beany amount of top-notches. There canbe, perhaps..,, there are not. There- fore let's have less of cult of thetenth-rate and go in for the old stylecustoms. CALIBAN. (DRUNKENLY). 11 FREEDOM,HEY-DAY, HEY-DAY, FREEDOM !FREEDOM, HEY-DAY, FREEDOM ! "THe FOOL. 44 OH BRAVE MONSTER !LEAD THE WAY. " SHAKESPEARE. I HAVE AN INFINITEDESIRE TO SEE MARIONNETTESREPLACE LIVING ACTORS.ANATOLE FRANCE (i) One of the unfortunate things inthe modern theatre is that young peoplealways commence with the blood-thirstiestof tragedies and the gloomiest of melo- dramas. A young man of twenty, leapsto the story of Sardanapalis or Agamemnonas a cat goes to cream, and on thesemonstrous themes he exerts all thedelicacy of adolescence. A modern younglady reaches with haggard eyes towardsthe story of ' Electra, and, actmg it,displays all the Hragic intensity of sweetseventeen. These boys and girls oughtto be concernecfonly with the delicate andexquisite perishable themes in theirexquisite theatre and without imitatingthe artificial.