The mask 9 1923 naau_1923_01 The mask 9 Untitled Image Illustration 1 THE ANFITEATRO FLAVIO, ROMA, called IL COLOSSEO. From an Etching by G. B. Piranesi. {1720-1778). The Original Plate measures 28 1/2 x 19 11/16 inchss. Plate I. Illustration 6 Untitled Image Illustration 7 LITERARY CONTENTS. 9-10 ILLUSTRATIONS. 10 Untitled Image Illustration 10 ARLECCHINO, by G. M. Mitelli. (4634-1718). Plate 2. Illustration 12 FOREWORD J. S cre 13-14 Untitled Image Illustration 13 1923 VOLUME NINE 13-14 "LES FRONDEURS" Goethe's Conversations With Eckermann cre 14 Untitled Image Illustration 14 1919 1923 A MESSAGE FROM GORDON CRAIG THE FOUNDER OF "THE MASK" J. S cre 15-16 Untitled Image Illustration 15 Untitled Image Illustration 15 WHAT AND WHO "THE MASK" DON'T BELIEVE IN 15 AND NOW ANOTHER WORD TO INITIATE VOLUME NINE 17-18 Untitled Image Illustration 17 Untitled Image Illustration 18 ENGLISH CONTRARINESS 18-19 THE CHARING CROSS ROAD IN 1975. C. G cre 19 Untitled Image Illustration 19 EXHIBITIONS AND BOOKS A NOTE JOHN BALANCE cre 20; 23 THE GUILDHALL COURT YARD, LONDON, AS PREPARED FOR THE VISIT OF H. M. KING GEORGE V. 1911. Drawing by G. Torrance Stephenson Reproduced by kind Permission of The Editor of "The Sphere". (See Page 6) Plate 3. Illustration 21 AMSTERDAM. A NOTE ON THE INTERNATIONAL THEATRE EXHIBITION JAN KLAASSEN cre 23 Untitled Image Illustration 23 BIG TALK. J. B cre 23 THE INTERNATIONAL THEATRE EXHIBITION IN LONDON AT THE VICTORIA AND ALBERT MUSEUM. 24 AMONG THE VISITORS. HOW THE EXHIBITION APPEALED TO THE WOMEN WRITERS. 25 Untitled Image Illustration 25 AMSTERDAM LONDON AMERICA 25 REAL ACTING. OR, CAN THE ACTOR CREATE? SOME EVIDENCE THAT HE CAN, COLLECTED G. B. AMBROSE cre 26-28 The above illustration is the title page of the very rare book on the Stage by the actor Barbieri. 1576-1641. Illustration 26 Untitled Image Illustration 28 Atto Primo. 27 Untitled Image Illustration 27 PANTALOONS A-POSTURE GEORGE JEAN NATHAN cre 29-30 Untitled Image Illustration 29 Untitled Image Illustration 30 AN OLD PROBLEM SOLVED WHAT TO DO WITH SHAKESPEARE J. SOMERS BACON cre 31-32 Untitled Image Illustration 31 ON THE 154 SONNETS OF SHAKESPEARE EDWARD GORDON CRAIG cre 32-33 Untitled Image Illustration 33 FRANCESCO CLERICO A NOTE ON A PORTRAIT ALLEN CARRIC cre 34 ACTING A PLEA FOR MORE BREADTH IN IT, A. B. C cre 34; 37 Untitled Image Illustration 34 Untitled Image Illustration 37 Francesco Clerica Ballet-Master. 1795 Plate 4. Illustration 35 DESIGN FROM LAMBRANZI "BALLI TEATRALI" 1716 37 Untitled Image Illustration 37 LA SALLE DE SPECTACLES DES TUILERIES. FELIX URBAN cre 38 BUILT in the Palace by Vigarani and Amandini, the Italians, both from Modena, it was opened on February 7 th, 1662. Illustration 38 THEATRE MEN IN EUROPE EDITOR cre 39 Untitled Image Illustration 39 Untitled Text 39 THE THEATRE OF SABBIONETA. SOME NOTES TRANSLATED FROM OLD ITALIAN WRITERS. 40-41 Untitled Image Illustration 40 DESIGN FOR THE TEATRO OLIMPICO OF SABBIONETA by Vincenzo Scamozzi, 1588. From the Drawing in the Uffizi Gallery, Firenze. Plate 5. Illustration 41 THE THEATRE AND THE STATE. JOHN BULL cre 43 Untitled Image Illustration 43 Untitled Image Illustration 43 AN OLD BOOK: A NOTE ON A BOOK OF RULES C. G. SMITH cre 43-44 Untitled Image Illustration 44 ON MARTIAL, HAVELL AND CALLOT ALLEN CARRIC cre 44-45 MARTIAL 45 HAVELL. 45 CALLOT. 45 Untitled Image Illustration 45 Untitled Image Illustration 45 NOTES ON A JOURNEY FRANCOIS M. FLORIAN cre 46-47 INCORRECT. EDITOR cre J. S cre 47-49 Untitled Image Illustration 47 THE PENNY GAFF. THE "BAD MANNERS" OF THE GALLERY BOYS. 50 Untitled Image Illustration 50 Untitled Image Illustration 50 TO SILENCE A CAT-CALL. 50 BOOK REVIEWS 51-58 Untitled Image Illustration 51 THE CHINESE THEATRE by 51 SCENES AND MACHINES ON 51-52 ON "THE SITE OF THE GLOBE 52 THE NO PLAYS OF JAPAN by 52-53 TWO GOOD BOOKS. 53-58 THE THEATRE OF 53 STUDIES IN THE CHINESE 53 THE WORLD IN FALSEFACE 54 THE RUSSIAN THEATRE 54 THINGS THAT HAVE 54 CHRONISTEN DER MODE by 54-55 THE BEGGAR'S OPERA, Its 55 LADY INTO FOX by David 55 SHAKESPEARE TO SHERIDAN 55-56 THE EXEMPLARY THEATRE 56 ON PRODUCING IN LITTLE 56 THE GREEK THEATRE AND 56 THE TWENTIETH CENTURY 56-57 DAS MODERNE B UHNENBILD, 57 SENECA AND ELIZABETHAN 57 ELIZABETHAN DRAM A by Janet 57 A SHORT HISTORY OF THE 57 PLA YS by Qordon Boitomley. n King 57-58 THE OLD DRAMA AND THE 58 MAGAZINES 58-59 The Century. U. S. A. Once 58-59 LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 59 THE ROMAN MARIONNETTES. Yours. H. J. MANNING cre 59 MODERN PLAYS &amp; PERFORMERS. Yours. J. S. RANKIN cre 59 Untitled Image Illustration 59 FOREIGN NOTES: 1423-1923 60-65 WE shall print the name of each town as spelt by its J. S cre 60 ROMA 60 TEATRO ARGENTINA, ROMA IN 1750. Illustration 60 BOLOGNA 60 Untitled Image Illustration 60 LIVORNO 60 Untitled Image Illustration 60 MOD E N A 60 RUSSIA 1923 60-61 BUD R I O 61 Untitled Image Illustration 61 CON D E 61 FIRE N Z E 61-62 FROM THE "BALLI DI SFESSANIA" BY JACQUES CALLOT Illustration 61 STRATFORD ON AVON. 62 DESIGNED AND ENGRAVED ON WOOD BY W. H. BROOKE, 1831. Illustration 62 PRAGUE 1123 62 PLAN OF THE PRAGUE THEATRE. BUILT BY GIUSEPPE BIBIENA, 1723. Illustration 62 LUCCA. 62-63 TORINO 63 PLAN OF TEATRO REGIO. TORINO. BUILT BY ALFIERI IN 1741. Illustration 63 GEN O V A 63 TEATRO CARLO FELICE, GENOVA, BUILT BY BARABINO IN 1826. Illustration 63 MILANO 63 TEATROPATRIOTICO, MILANO, NOW TEATRO DE' FILODRAMMATICI Illustration 63 PARIS 64 SHOWING THE THEATRE DU MARAIS. PARIS, 1676. (BUILT 1623). Illustration 64 o BORDEAUX 64 MUNC H E N 64 LONDON 64-65 Untitled Image Illustration 64 AMERICA 65 Untitled Image Illustration 65 EDITORIAL NOTES. 65-68 ABOVE all, there must he no suggestion of the J. S cre 65 AMERICAN CLAP-TRAP. 65-66 THE ACTORS' ASSOCIATION. 66 OUR FRIEND CLUNN LEWIS. 66-67 o ALL ARTISTS o 67 THE ACTORS' DICTIONARY. 67 FOREIGNERS 67 A CORRECTION. 67-68 THANK GOD I AM 68 A WORD OF APPRECIATION. 68 RADIO 68 INCORRECT. FROM THE SHEFFIELD DAILY TELEGRAPH. AUGUST 9 1923. 68 Untitled Image Illustration 70 THE MASKAN ILLUSTRATEDJOURNAL OF THE ARTOF THE THEATRE VOLUME NINE 19 2 3 ADDRESS: BOX 444.FLORENCE; ITALY.PRICE TEN SHILLINGS POST FREE.{ASPECIAL BOUND EDITION IS ALSOISSUED, PRICE TWENTY SHILLINGS, POST FREE.) ORDER, GIVING THIS ADDRESS, THROUGH ANY BOOK SELLER. | THE MASK I11 WHY THE MASK | ji| BECAUSE THE THEATRE jII IS STILL FAST11 ASLEEP |11 AND IN LOVE VHTH |11 WELL ORGANIZED11 SHORT HOURSE AND LAZY DREAMS, jI 1 EASY AND QUICK |II RETURNS AND '11 INTRIGUE. |:V? ! I THE| MASKNEEDED ONCE \notice.\\WITH THE NEW IfYEAR BEGINS A IfI NEW VOLUME jj|VOLUME X.jITS FOUR PARTS IWILL BE ISSUED 1| JANUARY j1I APRIL, OCTOBER 81|| AND JULY OF 1924. || im I S 1 TODAY THE STAGE f j11 PUFFS &amp; BLOWS 11li ATTEMPTING TO ||11 ORGANIZE THE | 1|| OVER-ORGANIZED. ||I STOP ORGANIZINGI SACK THE ORGANIZERS j || I FOLLOW THE ARTISTS g1 AND LEND A HAND 11li WHILE THEY 9CREATE li AND STILLNEEDED 11 ONLY A POSITIVE |] | NEED FOR THE MASK| HAS CALLED ITI AGAIN |I INTO EXISTENCE. I |THE STAGE IS | |ORGANIZING ITSELF |OUT OFEXISTENCEI STOP ORGANIZING |II THE THEATRE JCREATE FIRST. ! | THE MASK. 1923 THE MASKA JOURNAL OF THE ARTOF THE THEATREo VOLUME NINE: 1923 o ADDRESS OF "THE MASK"BOX 444. FLORENCE, ITALY THE MASK THE MASK. 1923. THE MASK THE MASK. 1923. THE MASK 1923. THE MASK. 1923. All rights reserved, September 1923.Gerente responsabile Ferdinando BaggiamTipografia Giuntina, Firenze. THE MASK BOX 4 4 4.FLORENCEITALY. THE ANFITEATRO FLAVIO, ROMA, called IL COLOSSEO.From an Etching by G. B. Piranesi. {1720-1778). The Original Plate measures 28 1/2 x 19 11/16 inchss. Plate I. LITERARY CONTENTS. AUTHOR. PAGE.A. B. C. . . . Acting, A Plea for more Breadth in it . . 20Ambrose, G. B. . Real Acting . . . . . . . . 12Bacon, J. Somers . . An old Problem Solved ...... 17Balance, John. . . Exhibitions and Books . . . . . 8J. B Big Talk 9Bull, John . . The Theatre and the State , . . . . 25Carrie, Allen . . . Francesco Clerico, A Note on a Portrait . . . 20On Martial, Havell and Callot ..... 26Craig, E. Gordon . . A Message, 1919 . . . . . . . 3A Word to initiate Volume IX. . . ... 5On the 154 Sonnets of Shakespeare . . . . 18S Editor. (J. S.) . . A word about Lambranzi. . . . . . 21Foreword ......... 1n Incorrect n ........ 29I Introduction, Volume IX . . . . . 1| Theatre Men in Europe ...... 23What and Who " The Mask " don't in believe. . 3I Florian, Francois M. . Notes on a Journey 28I Klaassen, Jan . . . The International Theatre Exhibition in Amsterdam . 9j Nathan, George Jean . Pantaloons A'posture. . . . . . . 15f Smith, C. G. . . . An old Book. Note on a Book of Rules ... 25I Charing Cross Road in 1975 . . . . 7[ j English Contrariness . . . • • • 6! llrban, Felix . . , La Salle de Spectacles des Tuileries . . . . 22Unsigned Contributions . Among the Visitors . . • . - . . 11Amsterdam, London, America . . . . 11International Theatre Exhibition in London . . . 10Theatre of Sabbioneta, translation .... 24XX)/C REVIEWS.TITLE. AUTHOR. PAGE.s.Beggar's Opera, The Frank Kidson ... 37British Drama, A Short History of . . . . Benjamin Brawley 39Chinese Theatre, The ...... Tchov-kia-kien . . 33Chinese Drama, Studies in the .... Kate Buss. ... 35Chronisten der Mode . . . . ■ . Oskar Fischel ... 36Continental Stage Craft . . . • . Kenneth Macgowan . . 35Elizabethans Drama. . • . . . . . Janet Spens ... 39 TITLE. AUTHOR. PAGE.English Pageantry'. . . . . . . Robert Withington . . 38Exemplary Theatre, The. . . . . H. Granville Barker . . 38Greek Theatre and its Drama, The. . . . Roy C. Flickenger . . 38Lady into Fox ....... David Garnett ... 37Moderne Buhnenbild, Das . . . . . Oskar Fischel ... 39No Plays of Japan, The. ..... Arthur Waley ... 34Old Drama and the New, The .... William Archer. . . 40On the Site of the Globe Play house of Shakespeare George Hubbard . . 34Plays ......... Gordon Bottomley . . 39Russian Theatre under the Revolution, The . . Oliver Sayler ... 36Scenes &amp; Machines on the English Stage during theRenaissance ....... Lily B Campbell . . 33Seneca and Elizabethan Tragedy . . . . F. L. Lucas ... 39Shakespeare to Sheridan. . . . . Alwin Thaler ... 37Theatre of Tomorrow, The ..... Kenneth Macgowan . . 35Things that have interested me ... Arnold Bennett ... 36Twentieth Century Theatre, The .... William Lyon Phelps. . 38World in Falseface, The . . . . George Jean Nathan . . 36Magazines . . . 40•THE PENNY GAFF. LETTERS. FOREIGN NOTES. EDITORIALS. ILLUSTRATIONS. Plate 1. The Colosseum, Roma . . . Piranesi .... Face Title Pagen 2. Arlecchino . . . . . G. M. Mitelli . . " Page 1" 3. The Guildhall Courtyard, 191 1 . G. Torrance Stephenson " "8" 4. Francesco Clerico. . . . Anon .... 11 "20" 5. Teatro Olimpico, Sabbioneta . Vincenzo Scamozzi . " "24" Atto Primo ; "La Schiava n, 1602 . The Book of Pietro Bartoli . "13Design from Lambranzi, 1716 . . . Anon . . . . . "21Frontispiece of nLa Supplica 8 . . . Anon . . . . . "12Plan of la Salle de Spectacles des Tuileries Maximilien Brebion. . "22Head and Tail Pieces, from old designs and from woods cuts by C. Borrow &amp; E. Carrick. ARLECCHINO, by G. M. Mitelli. (4634-1718). Plate 2. FOREWORD J. S. AFTER THE PRACTISE THE THEORY IN 1908 we announced our object:!! To bring before an intelligent pub- lic many ancient and modern aspectsof the Theatre's Art which have toolong been disregarded or forgotten." To announce the existence of avitality which already begins to revealitself in a beautiful and definite formbased upon an ancient and noble tra- dition 11.With all apologies for not shiftingour ground, our object, if you like it,shall be the same today.WE still hold to our first maxim, " After the prac- tise the theory " : we can but still champion theArtist, and see in him and in his real supremacy the hopeof our little stage world : we still claim Leadership for those who have proved themselves, by their gifts anddevelopment, the leaders in the various branches of theart; and we want now to see order coming into theranks : the leaders in front, and all the rest rangedbehind.t| To our regret many circumstances have hindered oursteady issue of volume after volume since 1919.But this interval has not been unfruitful, nor for aday inactive.All of our colleagues have been unremittingly atwork. Articles have been written ; papers have beenwatched for erroneous statements or misleading reportsrelative to the New Movement in the Theatre, andthese corrected by Letters made public by the courtesyof the various Editors. A large amount of researchwork has been accomplished in Theatre history, so thatwe have been strengthened in our knowledge and un- derstanding of the old traditions and laws of the Thea- tre ; information already acquired has been coordinatedand edited : curious books and documents have beencollected from many sources to enrich the supply ofmaterial treating of the Theatre in all ages and lands;and work has been done in connection with the Inter- national Theatre Exhibition.This Exhibition has proved that two publics, thoseof Holland and England, are very much alive to thevalue of mise-en-scene, ... mise-en-scene being the makingvisible what is in the words of the dramatist.Our Exhibition, then, was made to serve the Dramaand its parts. oMORE THANoVISITED THEINTERNATIONALTHEATRE EXHIBITIONIN E NGLAND 19 2 2-19 2 3 Continued on page 2 1923VOLUME NINE WE recommence after an intervalwith a whole Volume and maybegin by announcing that on the wholethe success of the First Phase of theNew Movement in the European Thea- tre is assured, although in a few landsnot yet even understood.Since 1908 we have worked for thesuccess of the Movement as a whole,not for anything more parochial.OThis Movement began like allother movements; in a parting withlazy folk.Lazy folk love repetition, easy times,short hours, big pay, .... and time toair opinions, place to sow discord, andsupposedfy, .... revolution, and allthis was offered them by the theatresof yesterday.OThe theatres of today in Englandstill offer the same old opportunitiesfor laziness.That is why the Movement goes onand shall go on.Lazy folk are the curse of everyoneand everything.But besides these weaker membersof the Theatre there are the stronger,more promising, but almost as mis- chievous folk, the uninformed.These are often taken to be thestrong-minded ones, ... the men andwomen who " count n, ... the men andwomen of n character ,f. They arenot quite all that, but they are morepromising.With these the New Movement hasnot yet parted, and will not if theywill hurry up a little, and become in- formed about the work they are con- nected with.They have not yet realized that allover JEurope and America thousands ofmen and women working in Thea- tres, ... actors, actresses, playwrights, pro- ducers, musicians, scenographers, stage- managers and critics, have taken thetrouble to become informed as to theexact nature of the Theatre ... its aims, ...its hopes, ideals and possibilities.It is these who belong closely to theNew Movement, and no others. Theyreceived no free pass into it; they en- tered it through their wish and abilityto understand : they remain in it solong as they understand.This New Movement is towards aNew Theatre, a downright TheatricalStage in distinction to a merely LiteraryPlayhouse, or a Fashionable thing, or a Mechanic or Realistic substitute forgenuine Theatricals.This Volume offers our readers aglance at a few of the results reachedin the last twenty years. It records theproofs of experiments, as witnessed inthe International Theatre Exhibition; itrecords the growing desire for researchand information in regard to Theatricalmatters as manifested in the considerableoutput of Theatre books.The three cities which offer mostresistence to the progress of the Dra- matic Art are : LONDON, PARIS,and NEW YORK.Fraudulent makeshifts are pushed be- fore these three publics by influentialand self-interested men of talent, andthe three cities are too easily taken inby these forgeries. n The Mask n willwatch and continue to report of themto that large public which supports theNew Movement. Continued on page 2 "LES FRONDEURS" Goethe's ConversationsWith Eckermann. 1827. Jan 3. At dinner we talkedover Canning9s excellent speech forPortugal. n Some people, n saidGoethe, n call this speech coarse ; hutthese people knoW n°l what theywant they have a morhid desireto be frondeurs against all greatness.It is no opposition, it is mere fron- dation ; they must have something tohate. When Napoleon was alive theyhated him, and he served as a goodconduit-pipe. When it was all over&gt;with him, they grumbled at the HolyAlliance, and yet nothing greater ormore beneficial for mankind was everdevised. Now it is Canning's turn. n 19191923 A MESSAGE FROM GORDON CRAIGTHE FOUNDER OF "THE MASK" J. S. We issued this " Message \ th" Credo " " Mask \at the end of volume eight with our " Announcement"of the coming Volume. We feel that, after this interval, wecannot do better than reprint it, together with the new word Mr Craig has sent us to initiate Volume Nine. What rouses my indignation every day is to see a masterpiece and aturpitude ranged side hy side. Little talents are cried up, great talents dis- paraged ; nothing could be more stupid, nor more immoral. "Correspondance de G. FLAUBERT, Serie Hi, p. 386. NEED THE MASK make any protestations of faiththis year ?... You know its beliefs. Do you thinkthey will change today?... Why should they?Nothing is more easy than that it should remain staunchto its Cause.ft is a Cause which, when it bears fruit, will bring alittle benefit to everybody.But as that Cause is always being misrepresented andbelittled by those curious folk who seem to want the worldto stand still so that they may make a remark and ten percent, let us once more rehearse the Creed.q THE MASK BELIEVES in The Theatre and inThe Drama whether written, acted, sun# or spoken.q THE MASK BELIEVES in it all.q THE MASK BELIEVES in the Acfor and in the Actress,q IT BELIEVES in the Marionnettes and in Masks.q*T BELIEVfc.S in Sceneries and Musics and in Dancing,in Dancers, Musicians, Scenographers and Dramatists.q BELIEVES in every blessed or cursed thing that everwas, is or shall be in The Theatre.... if Theatrical.q BELIEVES in The Theatre of Europe and in theTheatre of America. Not alone in one local Theatricalgroup.q BELIEVES in, and venerates, the great Asiatic Theatre.q IT BELIEVES in the FUTURE OF THE THEA TRE....not alone in the future of a phase of the London, Paris,or Honolulu Theatre, but in the whole.fl IT LOVES AND ADORES all that can be calledThe Theatre. q IT IS ENTRANCED by the 55 Theatrical. ?! Whichsome day is to become the Theatrical without inverted commas.C| IT LOVES the dust , and the rags and the paint andthe daub and dirt of the Old Theatre.... its ancient 5me11....its strange air.... its queer ways ... ALL.HOW SHOULD" THE MASK " NOT LOVE IT ALL?€} As for those who misrepresent " THE MASK, B tell themfrom me that we know our own Mother, and what sheexpects of us, and that no one but she shall dictate to usour duty.€J THE THEATRE is our Mother. Its arms encircle theGlobe. It is not Parochial.... not hypocritical.... not pathetic. ..not pious.... not puffed up.... starched or spotless. Not a pieceof Virtue without any goodness, but Human.Its faults become ours.Do you suppose we shall not love these faults.... What?Or do you suppose either that we shall tolerate them inourselves for 10ng.... What?If our Home is not quite as perfect as that of the otherMuses it can be..,, and so it shall be.Give us time to put it in better order....Give us bricks to build the foundations of a new one.Send no more incompetents to our aid.... send no moreadvice, no more weak-kneed patrons.... send us more solidassistance if you wi11.... reliable men and enough money....we need both.And help us by routing misrepresentation.€J YOU, OUR READERS AND ENCOURAGERS,nail the lies to the doors of the liars....The Tarradiddle that we want no Drama.The Yarn that we want nothing but Scenery.The Whopper that we despise the Actor.... that we wishto glorify the Producer 0n1y.... that our theories are rash inno- vations, are not based upon the oldest and best traditions....And that special fib of the fib-mongers, that we are exclusive,that we want a precious Theatre de Luxe.... nail it up NWe exclude nothing except the non-Dramatic.... thenon-Theatrical; and the great traditions we reverence.We include all and every good form of Theatre in ourProgramme, we do not exclude the worst: already we havechanged some of the worst theatres into good ones.So Trace the lies up and down the cities to the house- doors of the liars and nail them there. Do that part of thework for us and we will do the rest.€J And say besides that it was I who asked you to do soon behalf of THE MASK and the Dramatic Genius of the World. Continued on page 4 Continued on page 5 ONEOF THE MOSTSTRIKINGDIFFERENCESBETWEEN ACAT AND A LIEISTHAT A CATHAS ONLYNINELIVESMARK TWAINo YESTERDAY MY ASS SAID TOME: "THERE IS NO DOUBTTHAT YOUR STABLE IS ONEOF THE CORNERS OF HEA- VEN. THERE IS' NO WATER,NO GRASS, NO HAY, NOOATS. IT IS NO PLACE FOR ABEAST: 'TIS FOR AN ANGEL. " O LIE NUMLER ONE NAILED. O" MAN CARRIES UNDER HIS HAT A PRIVATE THEATRE, WHEREIN A GREATER DRAMAIS ACTED THAN EVEN ON THE MIMIC STAGE, BEGINNING AND ENDING IN ETERNITY ».Carlyle. WHAT AND WHO"THE MASK"DON'T BELIEVE IN Booming rubbish for the eternalreason.Booming rubbish for the other reason.Baby-talk plays.Waiting till a Fraser dies to makehim exaggeratedly famous.First under-booming Fraser, thenover-booming Fraser.Blake n quite mad n: Blake n grea- test marvel on earth ff.Making a jest of the Theatrical onthe stage of a Theatre.Exposing the n make believe n ofthe stage to raise a laugh that isNihilism in Hammersmith.Dramatic critics who at heart despiseand rather like the stage for what itbrings in.Over-slow discovery of obviously va- luable things.Taking the Theatre seriously insteadof being serious.n Realism n.The belief in Reality in Art: (therebeing no such thing).Grein .... not yet.The acting which is praised for con- vincing a critic that it is not actingat all. ■The A.rt which conceals Art, (i.e...Rubbish.)Phantom Backers,... English, Frenchand American.n Responsible " Managers of LondonTheatres.Big talk and long discussions onShakespeare in the London Press,while Berlin, New York, Prague,Paris, produces him rapidly and inces- santly.Cliques.Scalping the Dramatic Censor.Dramatic Colleges which fail to expe- riment. AND NOW ANOTHER WORDTO INITIATE VOLUME NINE WHEN in 1907 I be- gan to shape this" Mask " I wanted to cutdeeply into it certain lineswhich would give it a de- finite and vivid expression.This I did. Theselines can to-day be traced,by any one sufficiently in- terested, by re-reading theessays in the first volume, issued in 1908 and 1909.This expression on the face of " TheMask " cried out very distinctly " Let uswake up ! men of the European Theatre : let us shake ourselves, and set about a spring- cleaning of the old house ; clear out the bric- a-brac which has accumulated there for cen- turies ; start afresh to refurnish : and,where the building be at all insecure, breakdown and rebuild it better. Let us come and,learn and understand our house better, sothat our best and most ancient traditions shallnot be lost but shall be found good again toabide by ".The Ancient the Ancient traditions," The Mask " has repeated over and overagain ; Not the newer " traditions " thrustforward by restless revolutionaries these lasthundred and fifty years or more (0, n tradi- tions " made to meet the modest requirementsof the flaccid minds of modern adventurers inour Theatrical realms.Those new " traditions ", " The Mask " cried out, are too easy, too lax, and utterlyunworthy of an ancient Theatrical art oncebuilt up and designed so well by the oldmasters.To the Ancient Traditions, then!... andlet us spare ourselves no pains.Search forward too, cried " The Mask ",...forward to new thoughts, but with immensecaution,... for there's little that can be new.And all the time we search let us make surethat we do not forget the most ancient andmost honourable traditions of the past. Carrythem in our heads better still, in our verybones.Crying out that, " The Mask " leapt for- ward expecting many others to follow, andcatch up with it, meet at some hut halfway up the mountain.So far so good. The cry was heard. Itroused hundreds of men to follow. The thea- trical world was stirred ; it awoke : some ofits men did wonders.But, while they went forward, they nearlyall forgot the warning, n Remember not toforget the Ancient Traditions ! remember,there is little that can be new! "When the rain shall fall upward fromearth to heaven, and when the roots of theflowers shall twist up into the air, their blos- soms open to the dust and in the earth, thenand then only may we alter in our art.... andin the simple and natural rules of the game.Our art is to come down like the rainand grow up like the flowers : it is not tobe made as you plan a campaign or an elec- tion ; as you make clock-works, or manipulatemachines.We are not to be organizers; we are tobe something more in the nature of gardeners.Speed, push, and aplomb have nothing to dowith our task; it is patience and attention toour few small plants, our small patch of groundand our seeds (our own, not our neighbours')....and a clear mind about the winds and therains and the forces outside ourselves, andsome consideration for our neighbour and hisgarden, that we need.Those of you beginning, as actor, actress,scenic man or stage-manager, must go slowlyand learn what you have to give to fit youto create:... if you can give nothing you candecidedly count yourself and your work endedbefore you even begin.They say that the times are not good for any Art; a double, triple, reason for everyone to wake up and learn his lesson.€J And you, in London, do you think allthis that I write mere words ? 1 know manyof you in England do, and 1 am sorry forthis. I know you don't in America, France,Germany, Holland, Italy, and Russia; and Iam honoured by that.You in London, couldn't you too possi- bly consider the practicality (if no more thanthat) of waking up so as to begin to seethrough your own eyes and your own mind,and not any longer with and through the mindof Piccadilly Circus and Chelsea, the BedfordTavern and the Press Agent, the organizingmuse, machines, and the rest of Little London?Pardon me, but you are certainly odd toforget there is a greater London and a stillgreater world and that the Parish is alwaysrather comic: and you a dramatist andan actor —■!!You push handsomely through Society,down the High street; you elbow with Pu- ritanical fire in and out of the Sunday School;you fret and fume with spirit till you arriveat the Pump, every now and again stoppingas though you heard a voice calling from thedistance; then you shudder and go on withyour big-little talk to drown it, until youreach your destination, the Parochial Play- house ; and there you bring about what othersin the Parish call 15 big ideas ".... and which,we note, are not your own. You mount aplay or six plays ; " such as Dryden or Ad- dison could have written n ; you are "greaterthan Polkovsky ", cries the Pump, " more vital than Lippmanstein " echoes the Steeple,and so on and on and over the edge you go.€J The times are rather difficult, was thereever a time that was n0t...? But it is alwaysa more difficult time than before when in- trigue is allowed to interfere with progress asmuch as it does today." The Mask " wants a Theatre based onfriendship a friendship based on an under- standing of and affection for the Theatricalart in distinction to the Theatrical profession.The several cliques and most of the indi- viduals in the English Theatrical world seemvery contented to see their Theatre basedupon offensive Intrigue. A few foreignersaccept the same basis. But the others andI think these are the men who count wantto see Intrigue carried out of the place andput in its right place a grave, for no reasonbut that it is worthless and its corpse veryunpleasant.Here there is a lead from " The Mask ".Who will follow it? (i) What, Goldoniy Beaumarchais, Clair on, Dumesnil, Du- cts, Rancourt, Montansier revolutionary 9 Certainly, dange- rously so. IVhat, Sophie A mould, Rachel, Nov erre, Vestris,La Guimard, Taglioni, Jagemann, Louis {the architect) andBellinit these and their schools restless revolutionaries 9...Mais 0ut.... very clearly and most unfortunately.... t,Their schools included such honourable names as Charles Kean,Macready, Scribe. Dumas Ills, Becque, Tchekov, Tel bin: Verdi,Gamier, and a hundred others : all destructive.... entirely fatal.« Quite alarming !»....« and we thought these very peopleall so traditional».Z,oo£ carefully and you will see that all were in revoltagainst the design and plans of the old masters. Drama,acting, the architecture, the dance, all were being deliberatelyundermined; the most deadly revolution 9The critics backed up this treasonable undertaking mostmanfully. Dr. Marey in 1884 caps the whole crownless struc- ture with his bright discovery. In 1 goo came resistence to thisEuropean conspiracy. And some of you took it for Revolu- tion 11! You recall that old Music Hall song, « &lt;2«r Lodgeris a nice young man » / it ends « Ma-ma told me so ». And sowas it with the resistence of 1900. Mama told you it wasRevolution; —it ivas no such thing. The resistence of 1900which is now called the New Movement was the first step ofa return to order. ENGLISH CONTRARINESS " Mr Dash's designs for stage scenery are so bare that it would be expecting too muchof any actor to ask. him to perform in them. They are forbidding, bleak. cold andintellectual. All is so severe and plain that," ... etc., etc. Daily Press, London. WE sometimes are very stupid inEngland in the things we sayabout Stage Scenery. I was remindedof this very sharply today on openingan old volume of R The Sphere n andseeing a design for the Guildhall courtyard as prepared for the visit of KingGeorge in 1911. The date of " TheSphere w is July 1, 1911.Here is a serious place prepared fora serious but gay ceremony; pre- pared for n a scene ff ; for the n scene nis not there until the actors are there,...and that is the whole point.What do we see in the design forwhat we may call the n Scenery n ?Two plain roofs, * two side piecesabsolutely plain in form, two side pathsfree of all obstructions such as posts,garlands, etc., a central path and two grand stands one on each side of thecentral path. All is as bare as it canbe. Doubtless some touches of colourand some few lines are added beforeall is ready. But the form is severe,simple and direct.To animate all this the scene enters it.The grand stands become crowdedwith the aristocracy of Great Britain;on the side paths well-known personagesmove here and there great persons in the service of the King, ...and soonthe whole thing wakes up to a climax.The King himself appears; with himthe Queen and members of his house- hold. The cheers, the rattle of thehorses' hoofs, the music, add more lifeto all this: the scene at last exists. Andnot before.€J Now if you ask some one of thespectator-actors in all this either oneof those in the two grand-stands, onthe pathways, or in the roadway ....forthe people crowd round and form abackground ....if you ask one of thisthrong what is the scene of a play in aTheatre they will tell you it is thescenery.And when you ask them if plainsevere scenery or gaudy scenery is bestfor an inspiring gay situation in Dramathey will scout the idea that the plainscenery is enough. They will even becontemptuous or crack jokes aboutwill it.C| This suggests that it may be a mistaketo ask spectators anything moreespecially when they have not analyzedtheir experience in a* theatre; and thatis as it should be. They are notexpected to analyze a scene and weshould not ask them....Yet we do so and when we donot there are some egotistical people inbox and stall who will push forwardand proffer their opinion, nay, evencome down with their opinion as thoughuttering Gospel. If no one attendsthey will spend odd quarters of anhour here and there pressing their opi- nion on all they meet until at lastw public opinion 11 has been informed knows for they are very influencialtalkers, these very thoughtlessthinkers.This is possibly one of the explana- tions how it comes about that our stagesceneries are generally wrong,Yet here is n The Sphere n showingus the proof that when serious men setto work to devise a background evena built-up-scene, as it is called, for aserious but gay ceremony, they simplifyand avoid all the elaboration they canand put no n life n into it,They know. They know thatthe life of the scene is to come intoit later.Theatre scenic artists forget this as arule, and so do stage-managers ; andactors, thus anticipated by talking-sce- neries, come into a scene which isalready too full of life and discoverthat there is nothing left for them todo. This they do to perfection. * See Plate 2, THE CHARING CROSSROAD IN 1975. C. G. I had written the above Note uponthis reproduction in w The Sphere ?!with the reproduction in black and whitein front of me.i then suggested to the Editor ofn The Mask that he should write toMr Clement Shorter to ask if he wouldallow the design to be reproduced, andMr. Shorter with great courtesy imme- diately sent the original drawing fromwhich this block was made.When this was shown to me I hada feeling of delight. The repro- duction was interesting ...the originalwas more than that. On the back ofthe drawing was written 4 G. TorranceStephenson * and his address.The fact of it being in my house,in my room where I keep severaldrawings by Bibiena, Galliari and someunknown men of the 17th centurybrought about the delusion that I hadacquired one more interesting, and cer- tainly charming, item for my collection.I let myself dream a little. I ima- gined myself some fifty years hencestopping to look in one of the manyportfolios of sketches which stand out- side or inside the old shops in theCharing Cross Road.This drawing would be amongst aheap of others inside the shop, that iscertain. And I thought, suppose I wereturning over the drawings and cameacross this one, what I would think ofit. (I suppose myself a collector ofnothing but drawings and prints of ce- remonies and stage scenes).I should have seen that this designwas for some ceremony at some En- glish or French town ; ...but where ? Ishould have asked myself. There's thebuilding at the back: I suppose it'sEnglishj ...but it might be French;...the houses on each side look moreEnglish than French, ...perhaps Scotch.It's not London, anyhow; of that Ishould have felt certain, for the thingis not huge, dark and soot-begrimed,...it's all gay and small; some provincialtown, certainly. The windows in thehouse o» the right look English rightenough. Yes, it is England, ...and thebuilding at the back must surely besome town hall or college.Never would I have guessed aright,that it represented London and theGuildhall. But I would have boughtthe charming drawing because it is sogood.Rapidly done, there has been timefor the artist's gaiety to get on to thepaper. I should have taken it home andlooked up the name in my Biographi- cal dictionaries. Should I have foundhim ? I should have looked him up in4 Who's Who ', should 1 have foundhim ?I will look him up now. I wondershall I find him No, he is not there; yet all theMr. and Mrs. Mulbray Stones are there,...and other great nobodies.Here is somebody an artist whowas living and working well spite ofthe difficult requirements of the LondonPress of those years. I do not knowhim, this is the first time I haveheard his name. And, while he is noRubens, no Rembrandt, he is a goodartist doing good work in 1911 and noone seemingly caring to record hisexistence.There must be some hundreds ofartists being ignored, except thatMr, Bulloch, and the Editors of then Sketch n and the n Illustrated LondonNews " and other journals know themand pay them well. That for me is somesatisfaction. And to the Historian ofour times let us hope their work isknown, ...their handwork, not alonetheir reproductions. For by merelylooking at the reproduction given hereyou would not be able to suppose thatthe whole drawing has great charm: and that it has charm 1 know, for Inow possess the original and can answerfor it.It seems to me that a month or twospent at the publishing offices of 11 TheSphere n, the n Sketch thew Graphic "and the n Illustrated London News wbysome one with an eye to see, anda certain flair for what's whaf in adrawing, would yield, I believe, prettygood results. (Though Mr. Shorter andMr. Bulloch will not thank me for thesuggestion!)Why should we have to wait sixtyto a hundred years before we discover what is now in front of us ? EXHIBITIONS AND BOOKS A NOTE BY JOHN BALANCE THERE has never before been aperiod in the theatrical world ofEurope and America when exhibitionsof modern theatrical work, and bookson the modern Theatre have been soprevalent.The exhibitions began slowly to formfrom 1900 onwards, or even before that:there would be one e\ery three or fouryears. But between 1912 and 1914they came fast and furious. Mannheim,Zurich, Cologne, Warsaw, Dublin,...andit would have gone on but that thewar came and stopped it. The warbeing ended, it began again. It wasnot merely a passing idea ; there wasconviction behind the whole thing or itwould not have begun again. It beganagain with Zurich in 1920, Torino in1921, and in London, where LovatEraser's work was exhibited shortly afterhis death (1).Then came the idea of an Interna- tional Exhibition. This originated withMr. Frans Mijnssen in Amsterdam.Mr. Wijdeveld was called in, and con- sulted ; and, setting his immense energyand his brilliant vision at work, hemore or less alone, aided by the un- tiring application of Mr. Lensveld, themost erudite of the Dutchmen concernedwith theatre technique, practically createdthe whole thing.The Albert and Victoria Museum atSouth Kensington followed after Am- sterdam's triumphant achievement, and,doing what France and America weretalking of doing, did it straight awayand transported all to London.It is not the first time that Englandhas been quick and sure instead ofn slow and sure n ; and this exampleshould encourage us to make the nextnecessary theatrical move as swiftly andas surely.Manchester, which was prepared, andalways neck to neck with London inbeing prepared to go one quicker thanLondon if allowed to, ...and by thatI mean if the code of good mannerspermits it, for there is never any shovingbefore London for n I bag first n inEngland, ...Manchester arranged totake the whole thing on after London.Glasgow came next (2), then Bradford. and there was talk of it going to Ame- rica.Meantime there has been an importantexhibition in 1922 in Torino, and onein Vienna. In Vienna was displayedmuch i7 th and 18th century work aswell as a little modern work.These above-mentioned InternationalExhibitions have been on a very largescale. o THREE HUNDRED BOOKS, o NOW in the first of these post-warInternational Exhibitions, that heldin Amsterdam, there was a very importantsection devoted to the literature of theTheatre ; to the books which had comeout in the last twenty or thirty years,books all dealing with that New Move- ment with which n The Mask n isassociated.And it was something of a discoveryfor enquirers to find that about threehundred books had been issued on thetheatre, mainly concerned with thisNew Movement, in these last twenty tothirty years.Not theoretical books, but technicaland historical, and in foreign languagesas well as in English, while some ofthose in English are on the Theatres offoreign lands.This collection of books which wasgathered in Amsterdam was not carriedto England ; but another collection wasmade, a very fine collection too, whichcontained fifty out of the three hundredmodern books, the rest being very va- luable and interesting books of theold-time theatre. o A TIME OF PREPARATION, o NOW what is the significance ofall these Books and Exhibitions ?Exhibitions and books are not the be-alland the end-all of the dramatic world:the play, the actor, the production,these are the real things. But exhibi- tions and books have their uses ; theyprepare the way, and they only comein such profusion as lately they havedone, when there has been need forpreparing a new way.How is it that no actor in England,Germany, or France, or for that matterin Italy, of exactly the eminence anddistinction of Irving or Salvini, ...howis it that no such actor has appeared ? And how is it that when the drama ofIbsen, Strindberg, Brieux, Wilde andShaw appeared there was no moderntheatre in which to represent their plays,no modern setting for these particularstones, and nobody to wear them ?For the dramas of these acknowledgedgreat dramatists of the time have neverreally been accepted : they have neverbeen strung round the public's neck.And the reason is this: there wasno theatre ready for them (1).It is now an accepted truth that thetheatre precedes the drama: that it mustbe ready and waiting ... awaiting thearrival of the Drama : that the actormust be ready too, And these exhi- bitions and books afford sure proof thatwe are preparing the theatre for thedramatist.What the actor is doing to preparehimself has not yet been everywherequite clearly demonstrated. That it wasfound unpractical for him to exhibit inLondon when the architectural andscenic designs and books were exhibitedwas unfortunate, but it seems it couldnot be helped (2).This was chiefly due to the fact thatthe Exhibition was held in the NationalMuseum at South Kensington whereperformances are not permitted: butthere is nothing to prevent the actorfrom organizing an exhibition if any oneactor has some clear idea how to setoff performer against performer.- True, they show what they can doevery evening ; but some of the con- ditions of the actor's calling are nottoday as propitious as the most ventur- some would like, and these perhaps mayfind away to show the public in some exhibition many different interesting dis- coveries that they have made in the last twenty years, and are keeping dark from us at present because the managers won't let them display them in the nightly theatre. When such an exhibition does come along, and if it is, we won't say up-to-date but at least not behind the times, the coming dramatist can rejoice for his day will be dawning. Meantime some of us think that to concern ourselves with Exhibitions and Books, and the preparatory work of which they are both the instrumentsand the expression, is the best thing todo while waiting the actor's pleasure,We hope there will be no unne- cessary stage wait,n Beginners for the second Act,please n I (1) Besides these larger friendly gathe- rings there have been numbers of smallerexhibitions of stage work in Europe andAmerica. I suppose some 30 to 40 havebeen held sinee 1902. J. B.(2) Over people visited theExhibition i7i England A (1) Bernard Shaw is played now here,now there, in every kind of theatre on theContinent. He has found no one of thesedevoting all its time to his work as didthe Moscow Art Theatre to the Tchekovdrama.(2) The following very significant pas- sage occurred in a long article byMr. Gordon Craig which appeared in theLondon « Times »/ January 6th 1922.The Exhibition was held in London fivemonths later, in June of the same year ; « I have not been told whether two ofthe principal figures in our theatre worldwill be exhibiting I mean the drama- tist and performer. If not we must notjeer at Amsterdam, for we know that thedramatist and the performer are nightlyexhibiting in every city of the worldFor my part, if I were ever to directsuch an International Exhibition I shouldtry to make it a sine qua non that themost famous professional dramatists andperformers showed the world what theywould like to give it, if quite free ».Mr. Craig was not given the directionof this Exhibition, but there were seve- ral actors and actresses on the Committee.They had probably not read this article.They certainly seem to have taken nosteps to profit by the suggestion it con- tained Ed. THE GUILDHALL COURT YARD, LONDON, AS PREPARED FORTHE VISIT OF H. M. KING GEORGE V. 1911.Drawing by G. Torrance Stephenson Reproduced by kindPermission of The Editor of "The Sphere". (See Page 6) Plate 3. AMSTERDAM. A NOTE ON THE INTERNATIONAL THEATREEXHIBITION BY JAN KLAASSEN. WE wish that we could have given our readers Mr Klaassens account ofthis remarkable Exhibition, as also the following account of the Exhibitionat South Kensington, immediately after the events themselves and when theseaccounts were sent to us. That unfortunately proved impossible. But n Newsis not merely what happened yesterday. It is any kind of tidings, fresh infor- mation, events reported, something told us we did not know before : and afact, if it has any permanent value, can still be n news n a year later if itthrows fresh light on a subject or tells us something we did not already know.So we feel tha{ the News of these two Exhibitions is as good today as everfor all who realize how significant a part these great International Exhibitionsare playing in the Theatre Movement of today. Ed. FRIENDS meeting: Friends notbent on business, nor on mischiefbut on good: that sums up the Ams- terdam Exhibition of Theatrical Art and its value.* Its chief merit was that it was Inter- national. It represented the EuropeanTheatre : it brought together not onlythe works, but the men, of all thetheatresHad it been merely a display of whatHolland alone could do, it would havestill been very interesting. Being Inter- national, it became exactly ten times asinteresting. Ten nations were repre- sented : Holland, Austria, Belgium, En- gland, France, Germany, Russia, Scan- dinavia, Switzerland, America. A re- presentative of five of these nationsspoke in the small Theatre downstairs.Professor Strnad spoke, and M. Wij- develd, and M. Lensveld. Mr. GordonCraig spoke as an Englishman, andM. Jacques Copeau as a Frenchman,and, though I understood Mr. Craigwell, I know little French and had torely on a Dutch critic to tell me whatM. Copeau said. It appeared that hesaid more or less what Mr. Craig said;and when I told Mr. Craig this, (forhe too knows little French), he declaredthat that in itself was the best of news,because n our coming together at thisExhibition was not that we might alldisagree with each other but exactlythat we might come to agreement n.Our land, upon which we have beensowing new seed, is the Theatre. Thesowers and husbandmen are the men of the Theatre, of the New Move- ment. The authoritative critics are thewatchmen.In every land there is one or moreof these, but one anyhow. Andone is enough ...when he is GeorgeJean Nathan of the United States, orMijnheer Buning of Holland. In Ger- many we have Professor Fischel.What sort of men are these critics ?...Well, they are of the oldest and besttype. They are direct, bold, clever.It is they who should support the hus- bandman, defend his crops from thefoxes and the crows. They are con- cerned solely with the long slow wayof nature which repeats itself in art.They care nothing for the hot-houcemethod of forcing. This is the affairof the business man of the Theatre the impresario. There are always hun- dreds of his way of looking at theTheatre.My summing up of this Exhibitionis that it has shown us clearly who arethe men who bring the richest thingsto the Theatre, and who are the Cri- tics who will inform the Public cor- rectly about them. It has shown thatthese are one and all friends, boundtogether not alone by the sentimentwhich clings to a theatre and all itsassociations, but by a better understand- ing of what is wrong with the stage andof how gradually to put it right.It has shown what kind of followersthese men have, where they live, andwhat are the powers of each. It hasshown that in many lands the stage is able to avail itself of certain thinkersand artists and their new ideas. It hasalso shown that in some lands the stage,while eager to avail itself of these ad- vantages, has not quite made up itsmind to do so in the most simple, themost ordinary and straightforward way.It has shown us that organization hasbegun on the one and only honourablebasis that of a firm friendship. BIG TALK. J. B. BIG talk is always cheerful; Ilike it for that reason. I use itfor the same reason,... when I use it.So evidently does a certain tall clean- shaven American who hung about theExhibition Rooms in Amsterdam on thelast days.There was Mr Carlton Miles; he doesn't waste time in talk; he doesthings. There was Mr Cheney; hedoes things too. And there were MrClarke and Mr Larkin; they write anddraw. But this other Mr P.... (I knowhis name begins with P but the rest ofit escapes me), .... he does nothing buttalk.He was going to take the Show overto the States; right away; he hadcollected a lot of money for the purposealready, so he said. Perhaps he had.What did he do with it all ?He was taking Craig over toohe was even taking himself. He assu- red one of the Committee he was goingto do all this, and rehearsed the sumshe had collected.OTHERE is a county or corner inAmerica which breeds talkers sobig that they may even be called boasters.Of course America is not a conti- nent of Boasters ; but this corner of thecontinent is so flourishing, (like all elseover there), that the boasters come outin hoards and are almost a nuisance tothe level-headed practical men of actionthere.Mr P.... has taken himself over, Ihear;,., but he left the Exhibition be- hind. THE INTERNATIONAL THEATREEXHIBITION IN LONDONAT THE VICTORIA AND ALBERT MUSEUM. TN June 1922 the International Theatre** Exhibition, which had been inaugu- rated in Amsterdam in January, was open- ed at the Victoria and Albert Museum,South Kensington.A Note as to the Movement of whichit was the outcome, and the purpose whichhad animated that Movement, was writtenfor the illustrated Programme by Mr.Gordon Craig, and is reprinted here : TWENTY to thirty years ago someof us in the European Theatrefelt that we could bring to the enter- tainment of the people something theymight like to have. Entertainment can grow as dull as any- thing else, and we thought that here andthere the Theatre was showing signs ofgrowing dull. So we set to work.The drawings, models, plans, masks,and marionettes shown here are theresult of our labour.Out of about 900 pieces exhibitedhere, at least two-thirds have beencarried out in large on the stages inAmerica, Austria, Belgium, England,France, Germany, Holland, Italy, Po- land, Russia, and Switzerland. In mostof these lands the play-writer and theactor have welcomed our ideas forit is ideas which we have brought tothe Theatre, not merely sceneries andpictures.A new way of looking at an oldthing this was our principal idea, andthis idea has freshened up that part ofentertainment which was growing dull.Ours was no hideous R revolution R,—no pompous R reform 11. We justmade some most ordinary and desi- rable changes.We based our changes on some ofthe oldest and best traditions known tomankind, though we rejected that an- cient and, for some unknown reason,respected Tradition which orders you toR do as was done last time n.We began to build our Theatres diffe- rently, we set our stages with differentscenes, and we acted our old and newplays differently not in every landor in every city, but in nearly everyland or in most cities.And this Exhibition is held in Londonso that England may prepare to do notmerely what other lands have alreadydone but much more. OVER 350,000 PEOPLE VISITEDTHE EXHIBITION IN ENGLAND1922-1923* THEATRE EXHIBITIONBANQUET IN LONDON. Tn connection vith the inaugural cere- mony a banquet was held on June 2ndat the Hotel Cecil.After Lord Howard de Walden, whopresided, had give?i the health of HisMajesty the King, Mr Granville Barkerproposed the toast of« The Victoria andAlbert Museum and read a long andvaluable paper on the value of educationto the theatre, his remarks being largelydirected at Mr Fisher, the EducationMinister; he made use of the phrasevery often heard from the lips of Irvingabout the dignity of the profession.As some of the speeches were fullyreported at the time we do not offerfurther details here. We think, however,it may interest our readers to have acopy of what was witheld from the pu- blic ; that is to say, Mr Gordon Craig'sspeech at the Banquet. in which he re- plied to the toast of « The Exhibitors »,proposed by Mr Alfred Lugg. The speech was delivered without pre- paration. MR GORDON CRAIG'S SPEECH. LORD Howard de Walden, ladiesand gentlemen, I have really noright to be here, for I am not aneducated person, and I know nothingabout Education. Mr Barker and MrFisher have spoken very admirablyabout this same Education and itsrelation to the Theatre. Mr Fishermost kindly alluded to me as a scenicartist, but I am not a scenic artist.1 am here to thank you on behalf ofthe scenic artists, and 1 do thank youfor them very much, but I am an Actor,and unless you accept me as such Icannot go on.{Applause; n Go on! R)n As an actor I am surprised to hearMr Barker talking of n the dignity ofthe profession n, as though it were amild and proper sort of thing, thisacting and this theatre. They arewild things, unruly, not tame in theleast, and if the ladies will excuse me,1 would say n Damn the dignity of theprofession! nR When I heard the toast of HisMajesty the King proposed and listenedto the mild response I wondered howit was that everyone did not spring totheir feet and cry out n The King ! RI can tell you this about the drama inEngland. Until men will leap to theirfeet at such a toast we shall never have a drama. The Drama is not madefrom mildness and charm and politeness.It is because everyone in England is sopolite that I shall be going back toItaly in four or five days. This is notthe atmosphere in which to createdrama, and it is drama that I wish tocreate. Drama cannot be created bybeing merely polite you must havefury.w The talk this evening has been fartoo much about Education and Deco- ration. It is not the educator or thedecorator who creates drama. It is theactor and the fury of the actor. Hecreates it by taking a story and inven- ting what dialogue is necessary as hegoes along. You cry out, nlt isimpossible !ff But, ladies and gen- tlemen, it is not impossible. You thinkit is impossible because you will notstudy the subject and inquire into thepast. If you did so you would findthat this creating of dramas by actorsw7as done for some two to three hundredyears, with immense success. The actorwould take a story, such a story asthat of the jew who lent monies to theChristian, and he would create a dramafrom it. As it was done in the pastit can be done again ; it rests with theactor to do it (1).R Mr Lugg, the Secretary of theActors* Association, who has just spoken,referred to me in terms which give methe utmost delight. English dramaticart I feel is a matter for Mr Lugg andthe Actors' Association rather than forthe educationalists. If you would allrally round him and his actors youwould have the National Theatre withyou (if you want one) in a very shorttime hut you must support him.When this National Theatre comes tobe built you will have at the head ofit Sir Johnstone Forbes Robertson, SirArthur Pinero, Mrs Patrick Campbell,Mr Granville Barker, Sir John MartinHarvey, Sir Harry Lauder {HereMr Craig let fall a long roll of namesLaughter). What I had meant todo was to read a list of some twohundred names of distinguished actors,for all of whom a place should befound in this National Theatre ....solong as you do not put the name ofCraig in that list." But it was not to speak of aNational Theatre or actors that I began.It was to thank you on behalf of myfriends the artists; the artists havetaught me all I know of dramatic art,but it is as an actor that I thank youfor them (1) See page 12 4t Peal Acting " AMONG THE VISITORS.HOW THE EXHIBITION APPEALEDTO THE WOMEN WRITERS. ALL over England, while the malecritics have studied the exhibitsin their relation to the stage, the dramaand the grown-up public, the ladieshave looked to see what it contain- ed for the younger public..,, the chil- dren. And in each city some ladyhas written something charming and tothe point.Here is such a Note written by awoman who at Glasgow lingered inthe Room of the Models. THE ROOM OF THE MODELS. WERE I the mother of many Iwould take them all to this ma- gic room. Dolls* houses they woulddoubtless dub these model theatres,and they would probably rejoice morein the n Wapping Ballet n set than inthe splendid austerities of GordonCraig. But what games of make-be- lieve we could evolve! What dra- mas we would write! What fairyfantasies we could weave about thesewondrous little pools of light shining sosteadfastly behind the puny stage sets.The wistful colours would act as cor- rectives after the appalling crudities oftheir illustrated ABC's. The writtenglories of Grimm and Hans Andersonthey would see revealed before theireyes, and for many a long day theradiant rubble of these little sceneswould flutter about and illumine thegrey background of their schoolroom.11 Luft me up—luft me up ! ! nLoudly the urchin's plea shrilled inour ears. His mother—a pleasant- faced woman in a big grey shawl—held him high in her arms that hemight feast his eyes on the miniaturescene. He breathed deeply an ecs- tatic n Ooh! n and whimpered whenshe set him down. Apologetically shelooked at us. w He's no seen the likeafore. n Then she, too, indulged inan ecstatic sigh—n Eh, fegs, but they'reawful bonny. nSo writes Ann Adair in the w Glas- gow Herald. nAnd here is another piece by awoman, this time from London.FOR four weeks the Victoria and Al- bert Museum has been the scene ofa remarkable phenomenon. It wassymbolised to me yesterday by a childwho had accompanied his father to the Theatre Exhibition that is beingheld there. The father in his absorp- tion had forgotten his child and thechild had forgotten his father. It wasearly in the day and visitors werefew and far between. The child wasenjoying himself. With dancing mo- tion and waving hands uplifted, hewas giving himself the frequently re- newed sensation of entering the dar- kened room wherein lay row uponrow of enchanting lighted stage scenesin miniature. He was moving rapidlyin a circle—out of the British Roominto the Models Room, the German,the Craig and Appia Rooms, and backinto the British. This circuit he re- peated so continuously and so swiftlythat it made me quite giddy to watchhim. He was not awed by the formalarrangement of the exhibits, the vastrooms, nor the silence : not he! Hewas not perplexed by what it ailmeant, but he was taking it all in—through his pores.11 The Museum has flung open itsheavy doors to a living thing, to noless than the living spirit of a NewTheatre. The child felt the spiritthough he knew nothing about it. nAnd this same writer, elaboratingon this theme of the living spirit per- vading the exhibition, continues :The visitors feel it though manyof them know nothing about it, andsome of them even resent it. Thewarders feel it. At the end of thefirst week, the warder in charge ofsome of the rooms in the TheatreExhibition confided in me: —n It getson your nerves sometimes, standingabout in them big galleries and no- thing doing. Us chaps have got ourhands out for this job. Time passesso much more quickly. It's gonebeautiful this week ! nAnd here is another significant com- ment :Iwas standing idly near the cata- logue stall one day, and was pon- dering upon the words n Towards aNew Theatre n displayed on the co- ver of a large book by Gordon Craig,when I heard a lady addressing thevendor of catalogues in piercing tones.n 4 Towards a new theatre ? Butwe've got too many already—and theydon't pay! * The catalogue vendorexplained that it was towards a thea- tre in the abstract. s 4 Theatre in the abstract ? * que- ried the lady. 4I do not know whatyou mean, * She picked up her cata- logue and her change and went offmystified.R 4 A theatre not made with hands, 'murmured a voice at the cataloguestall. With this sentence ringing inmy ears I returned to the Craig draw- ings, and where before I had beenpuzzled I seemed now to understand.I have made friends with the ven- dor of catalogues, and as I sit besideher have on occasion heard apprecia- tion and depreciation of the exhibi- tion, addressed to the chair.n One day an irate visitor deman- ded of my friend if there were nophotos of actors and actresses—theold favourites.4 No, I am sorry. This exhibi- tion deals only with designs and mo- dels for the modern theatre,n I hate the modern theatre—it'sdisgusting! Not even a sign of EllenTerry in the whole show!*At this my friend smiled sweetly.n4l am sorry you haven't been intoRoom 11, * said she,n The point was lost upon the iratevisitor.n 4 But I kave.\l've been everywhere.And it's all disgusting—it's horrible ! 'n Flinging down his catalogue uponthe table, he made a dramatic exit. RIn Room II were all the designsthat Ellen Terry had to show. Herpresence was so evident there that theabsense of her name in the cataloguewas immaterial.... for most. w AMSTERDAMLONDONAMERICA •J Never before was a Theatre Exhibi- tion so perfectly housed as it was inAmsterdam by Mr Wijdeveld. His wasa brilliant piece of work.Never before was a Theatre Exhi- bition so honourably housed as it wasin London at the Victoria and AlbertMuseum.CJ And America talked of having thewhole collection taken over there. REAL ACTING.OR, CAN THE ACTOR CREATE?SOME EVIDENCE THAT HE CAN,COLLECTED BY G. B. AMBROSE. The above illustration is the title page of the very rare book on the Stage bythe actor Barbieri. 1576-1641. REAL actors create. They take an old short story (as the play-wri- ters do), or make a new short story ; yet not really like a short story, but more like a telegraphic message of a series of facts and events. These facts and events must all be brought to happen in one spot. No good including this, for example : n Hamlet here goes to England. Onarriving goes to Stratford-on-Avon ;lays a wreath on Shakespeare's tomb n.Any wreath-laying must be done onthe stage and the scene must not changefrom Elsinore to England, nor be anyspot other than the one spot selectedfor the appearance of the first characterswhich come on. The actors then invent their owndialogue.Impossible n, you say. n Alreadydone n I must reply : and what hasbeen done once can be done again.I give you here for your eyes to seeand for your common sense to reasonabout, a page from an Italian book ofabout eight pages in my possession.(see page 13). You will find atranslation in the side column.This is the first page of an Italianplot or scenario. Here is stated brieflyall that is to happen at the beginningof Act I. The piece has 3 Acts anda Prologue: the entire contents ofeach act gets on to one page, ....anda page measures 6 A/4 inches by 4 A/4inches.The book is rather a rare thing tofind, but, once found, is a proof thatreal actors have had no more than thison which to weave their dialogue.You'll see some of the charactersnamed on the page reproduced here :Magnijico who is Pantalont; Gratianowho is the Doctor or il Dottore;Buratino, Zanni, Fulvio and Turchetta.Magnijico is a name Pantalone goesunder. He is a serious figure, not anold doddering ass like the Pantaloonof the pantomimes of 1880. Gratianois il Dottore or Doctor, another seriousfigure, .... the learned one. All isserious and distinguished, and over allof it sings and dances the comic muse.The scene is a street in Naples.The Properties, or Rohbe as they arecalled in the book, are a purse,Turkish dress for Zants Slave's dressfor Fulvio, and no more. Here yousee a Costume becoming a Property.Any Professor Brander Matthews,or even aw Times * critic puzzlingseriously over this at home, becomesw il Dottore w as he argues with logicthat costume cannot possibly be Pro- perties nor the Property-man the propermoral guardian of any of the costumes:he would find it very unpractical....flippant.... n it can't prevailThe English Theatre Trade's Unionwould find it utterly ....deplorably ....out of order that the costumier shouldbe ousted by the property man, ....who would probably strike if asked totouch anything in a department towhich he did not belong.The Italian actors of the. sixteenthand seventeenth centuries had no pa- tience with such noodles,... seeing whatharm they could do. So the did all the work of a theatre withouta huge staff of 136 workers, or even36 workers, or even. 6. Perhaps thebaggage man lent a hand as ever.The reproduction of this rare leafhas been put here so that any actors or critics, curious to have proof of thetruth of what we have been assertingsince 1908, can have it here.And how to set about it ? you ask.Do you remember Goethe's twolines ? ....badly translated they go likethis : w Strike up, my boy, no fear no hesitation ;Till you begin no chance of inspi- ration n.What? at rehearsal ? with acompany of fellow-actors who are allstrangers to each other ? NO ! andhere's the heart of the matter, .... (atwhich we find the worm nibblingtoday).... not strangers.... actual friends.Till you become — but fastand loyal friends and choose aleader who shall give the beat, thestroke, the direction, and abide by hisruling, you'll not create again. You can be no real afctors till you care tobe real friends.This rare book has the title :LA SCHIAVA | COMEDIA NUOVA | E RIDI- COLOSA. | NUOVAMENTE POSTA IN LUCE,AD IN- | STANTIA D'OGNI SPIRITO | GEN- TILE. | COLOPHON | IN PAVIA, j PER PIETROBARTOLI. 1602. | CON LICEN2A DE' SUPE- RIOR!. |These words are surrounded by aborder. TRANSLATION,o ACT ONE o {Magnifico, i. e. Pantalone, and Gra- tiano, i. e. il Dottore, enter fromthe street) (1).Magn. In the street (2) with.Gra. (/ imagine two old men. Seriouscomic actors, n Character w act- ors. w Ed.) Magnifico asks him (Gratiano) forthe two hundred scudi which he isto have for the Merchandise thathe (Gratiano) has had : Gratianosays that he must go to the Bancode i Grifoni (Bank of the Grifoni)where they will be given him, andgives him a token, then goes away.Magnifico remains and discourses ofhaving turned his son Fulvio out ofthe house for his bad behaviour; then,wanting to give orders to the Zanni{a servant) that he should go to theBank to collect the money he knocksat the House.Zanni. (/ imagine Zanni to he Ar~lecchino as he generally is, a lowcomedian,... a rascal hut capa- ble. Ed.) (3).{He) comes to the window preten- ding to sleep; in the end, afterhaving jested a while, Magnificotells him to go the Bank and touchthe little finger of the Banker (4) whowill give him two hundred scudiand that he bring them to thehouse : Zanni, who will do it, re- tires within, Magnifico goes alongthe street.Fulvio. (/ imagine the young leadingman.... helpless but charming. Ed.){He) discourses of the love he hasfor the Slave of Buratino, and, how,owing to not having money, he willnot be able to have his pleasure inthis.Zanni {comes cut) from the house togo to the Bank : Fulvio begs himto be willing to help him ; Zanniasks what he wants; Fulvio sayshe only wants him to take as muchstuff in his father's house as he {Ful~vio) can procure two hundred scudifor; Zanni says he by no meanswishes to steal ; Fulvio threatenshim if he will not do as he wants ;Zanni goes along the street, andFulvio follows him.Bur at. From his House discourses onhis Profession, &amp; praises his art(trade), then calls Turcheta fromthe House.Turcheta (/ imagine the young lea-&gt; ding lady, bought from the Turksfor sale in Venice. Ed.).(Comes on and he) tells her thathe wants to sell her ; she, weeping,begs him to give her to decentpeople so that her honour may besafe; Buratino weeps also; thenthey enter the House.Zanni, who has collected the moneyat the Bank (comes in); in this(moment) Fulvio comes upon him(from behind).Fulvio sees the money, begs Zanni togive it to him, Zanni MORE EVIDENCETHAT THE ACTORo CAN CREATE o IN the foregoing reproduction andtranslation we have clear evidencethat the actor could and did create,and much more evidence may be broughtin support and confirmation of this.A few more such proofs I wouldlike to offer here : especially as, in arecent letter to a London newspaper,evidently taking part in some controversywhich had been raging, Mr WilliamFarren asserts that the actor " nevercreates ". He, no doubt, has anumber of excellent reasons for sayingso; but he gives us only one of these:" The actor never does more thanconvey what comes from another brain " ■It is a long time since I have seenthat written and signed by an actor,and it will be, I hope, a long timebefore I see it written again by anyoneconnected with a Theatre.It is noticeable that Mr Farren speaksof what an actor never does : he writesin the present tense. He does not saythat actors never did create, for heknows that they did.Between 1 500 and 1900 it was thecustom for all good actors in manylands to create. I will not tire myreaders with a repetition of what hasbeen printed in former pages of thisjournal. But I will give you twoextracts, and also the names of a fewof the most famous actors of Italy,(to take but one country), who mostassuredly created their plays, inventingthe dialogue and the action of theplays, and led by a capo-comico, orhead-actor.The names first :Angelo Beolco 1502-1542F. Andreini 1548-1624T. Martinelli . 1551-1630Isabella Andreini 1562-1604Flamminia (c) 1 565G. Tabarin (c) 1568 Ganassa (c) 1570Pellesini (c) 1570di Fonaris (c) 1570O. Nobili (c) 1570F. Scala (c) 1577Salimbeni (c) 1590D. Biancolelli 1637-1729Carlo Cantii (c) 1640The Romagnesi family (c) 1640-1700Adami (c) 1660G. Pasquati (c) 1674G. Bianchi (c) 1676Gherardi (c) 1676The Riccoboni Family (c) 1678-1770Muzio (c) 1688Visentini (c) 1700Sticotti (c) 1700Costantini (c) 1708N. Barbieri 1576-1641Cecchini (c) 1610B. Bocchini (c) 1610Gabrielli (c) 1625Stefano Lolli (c) 1629Tiberio Fiorilli (c) 1630Vitali (c) 1720Sacco (c) 1738Bertinazzi (c) 1745Roti (c) 1770Del Buono (c) 1800Petito (c) 1852Scarpetta (c) 1854-1919And now the two Extracts, thetestimony of actors :Evarista Gherardi in 1717 wrote:" To be a good Italian actor means" to be a man who possesses a richn store of knowledge, who plays moren from fancy than from memory, who,n while he plays, invents all he says;n who seconds his colleague on then stage, that is, matches his actions andn words so well with those of hisn comrade, that he enters at once onn all the movements to which the otherR invites him, and in such away asn to make everybody believe that allR has been settled beforehand n.To which Mantzius, the Danish actor,adds : n We can well understand thatamateurs were insufficient for thesetasks n.Riccoboni the Italian actor, in 1728wrote : w The actor who improvises,n acts with more animation and in an more natural way than he who11 performs a part he has learned byn heart. People feel better, and con- n sequently say better, what they inventn than what they borrow from othersn by means of the memory. But thesen advantages are purchased at the pricen of many difficulties ; clever actors are51 required, moreover actors of equaln talent; for the drawback of impro-R visation is, that the art of even then best actor absolutely depends on hisR fellow performer ; if he has to act n with a colleague who does not replyn exactly at the right moment, or whon interrupts him in the wrong place,R his words miss part of their effect,nor his spirit is gone. To an actorn who depends on improvisation, it isn not sufficient to have face, memory,n voice, even sentiment; if he is toR distinguish himself, he must possess an lively and fertile imagination, a greatn facility of expression, he must mastern all the subtleties of language, possessn all the knowledge which is requirehn for the different situations in whichn his part places him 11.The many biographies and historiesof the English stage give the names ofthe British actors who developed thisbranch of the theatrical calling.As I read Mr Farren's letter overand over again, I am led to believefrom it that some writer in this con- troversy had been suggesting that anactor could be as n great n as Shake- speare any day.That we all know is twaddle. ButI hope that actors will not a name,even a great one, drive them to takerefuge under any extinguishing modesty.For the actors Andreini and Scala werebetter playwrights though not betterplay-writers than Shakespeare, ....and, by the way, Andreini somewhatresembles him.As you can see by his portrait in" The Mask n Volume 6, face page 93. EVERY PRODUCTION OFGENIUS MUST BE THEPRODUCTION OFENTHUSIASM.DISRAELI.OCAPACITIES ARE PRESUPPO- SED: THEY ARE MEANT TODEVELOP INTO CAPABILITIES,OR SKILLED DEXTERITIES.GOETHE. (1) The translation follows as" closely aspossible the brevity of the originalsavethat a few unpunctnated sentences havebeen rendered more intelligible by stops,and, where necessary, an extra word ortwo has been added in italics, bracketted.Several Editorial comments have alsobeen added in brackets,(2) The scene is a street in Napleswith Magnifico Pan ta tone's house on onesidei The two men enter foom anotherstreet; ..i.e., not from the house is thepoint.(3) See Illustration facing Page 1 forone of the Zanni; servants, low co- medians.(4) Evidently a kind of counter sign, Atto Primo. Magi). I firsdacon.Grar. II Magnifico gli dinunda gliduoj cento fcudi, cfiftdeue hauere per la Mercantia, che ha hauujo:Oratlano dice, cße vadi ai Banco de i Grifoni, che gli fa- ran no dati, &amp; gli da vn fegno poi fj parte, Magnifico refta,&amp; difcotrehauer mandate fuofi di Caia Fuluio fuo HgHo- peritfuo ma 1 gonerno, poi voler dar ordine a Zanni, chcvadi aJ Banco i pighargli denari batte a Cafa.Zanni. Viene alia fineflra fingendo di dorm ire, in fine doppohauer buriato vn pczzo:Magnifico gli dice, che vadialBanco de t Grifoni,&amp; rocbj t!dittopicoloalls Bancheri,che gli dara doci cento fcudi eche gli portii Cafa: Zanniche (o fara, fi rifira dentro, Magnifico viper llrada.Fuluio, trarta I'amor de h Schiaua de Buratino,&amp; per nonhs«net denari non potra hauer ilfuo content© in cjnefto.Zanni di cafa per ar.dar ai Banco ? Fuluio !o prega a volerf®agiutare, Zanni gli adjmanda che cofa voole, Fuluio die©con voler, che pigli tanta robba in cafa di fuo padre, chejpofli caoarduoi-cehto fcudi, Zanui dice non voter rubbati aaodo niuno; Fuluio gii minatia fe non fara a fuo (&amp;odo,Zanni ui per ftrada,&amp; Fuluio lo feguita.Burar. Di Cafa difcorre foprsla fua Profellione , &amp; foda Tartofua. poi chiama di Cafa Turchera.Turcheta,&amp; gli dice, che la vuol vender » lei piangendo lo pre- fta dar la a perfone da bene, accio i'honor fuo fijfeluojuratino piange ancor lui poi eotrano in Cafa.Zanni, che £ rifcofib gli Denari ai Banc©, io gli arriuaadofio Fuluio.F&amp;luio gli ie&lt;fe gli &amp;rtarf* preg* Zauns folcfgiicii dare, Zara- in PANTALOONS A-POSTURE BY GEORGE JEAN NATHAN THUS dulcetly the mimes when lifted the curtain onMr. Cyril Harcourt's drama, w The Intruder : "RENE LEVARDIER. I shall leave by the ten o'clocktrain for Fontinblow.PAULINE (his wife) What ! You are going to Fon- taineblue to-night ?GEORGE GUERAND (her lover) But I did not be- lieve there was a night train to Fountainblah.For a study of contemporaneous mummering, wouldthat an evening before this stage had been yours ! Youwould have been fetched, I promise you. You wouldhave seen artist and artiste act the play almost entirelywith the eyebrows. You would have seen the leadinglady interpret deep nervous emotion with he upper por- tion of her corset. You would have heard allusions to thePont Noof and you would have seen the actor who playedthe thief adjust his hat to his hip and, with feet akimbo, defythe hero who was standing beside him by addressing hisremarks hotly to the head usher. You would have seenthe leading lady, grief stricken, sink into a chair, clasp 'ker- chief to mouth and move her head slowly from side to sidelike Mr. Montague Glass ' Mozart Rabiner. You wouldhave seen the actor playing the husband halt long enoughat the door on his exit to give the audience an eye : thusregistering suspicion. You would have seen the actor playingthe lover halt long enough at the door on his exit to give theaudience the same eye : thus registering alarm. You wouldhave heard an allusion to the cohan-seerage and youwould have seen the actor playing the husband indicatedoubt by biting the right corner of his lower lip and theactor playing the lover indicate defiance by taking his handsout of his pockets.In short, you would have been reminded d( the fire- side story of the local actor, who, at the last moment cal- led upon to substitute in a play adapted from a foreignsource, rushed upon the stage the opening night andproudly negotiated " Oui, oui, monsieur "as " Owie. owie,monster ! "In no other profession in the world, of course, is there so much incompetence as in acting. Not even in dra- matic criticism. The reasons for this incompetence are fa- miliar to the readers of Diderot, Coquelin, Lewes, *Walkley,George Moore, Anatole France, Tree and such others ashave treated of the subject. But some of these reasons,though familiar, are not as sound as they might be. Tree,for example, himself an actor, argues, as did Coquelinbefore him, that the little knowledge which is supposed tobe dangerous in most walks of life is the desideratum ofthe stage artist—the little French, German, Italian, mu- sic, etc. And then, following up this spruce brain ma- noeuvre, the gentleman observes that where education tendsto the repression of emotion, the actor lives and movesand has his being in its expression. Mr. Tree here ob- viously waxes ridiculous. To argue that education is notnecessary to an actor in that it will interfere with hisexpression of the emotions, to argue that he may the bet- ter express them if he does not know thoroughly what heis talking about, is to argue that Robert G. Ingersoll wasless successful in impressing his audience than RobertDowning. A farce actor or a melodrama actor may, ofcourse, be at once an ignoramus and a successful stageperformer. But small wonder (realizing most actors be- lieve with Mr. Tree) that such as Ibsen and Shakespeareand Hauptmann are so regularly murdered in their tracks !Indeed, no better proof of the vacuity of Mr. Tree's be- lief may be had than in Mr. Tree's own performances.Even where the actor is not possessed of thorougheducation, his histrionic eminence in the comunity dependslargely upon his cajoling that community into believing heis possessed of such an education—as witness the case inour own community of Mrs. Fiske. Sarah Bernhardt is agreat actress because she is an educated1 woman. (1) True,the greater the idiot, the more vividly he may expresssuch physical emotions related to amour and the chasingof a lady around the room as are part and parcel of theSardou species of drama ; but the mental emotions of themodern dramaturg require certainly for their expressionsomething other then mere ear-wiggling and leg work.The difficulty with the actor, however, is not that he is not, generally, an educated person, but that, generally,he has not even a vague smattering of the minor know- ledges necessary to his art. The average actor or actresson our own stage, for example, cannot pronounce correctlythree simple words in French, German or Italian, cannotplay, even amateurishly, the piano, does not know how tohandle the foil, cannot dance two steps of the minuet,cannot read even the first measure of so incomplex a com- position as Lizt's Von der Wiege bis zum Grabe. nThe average actor thinks of his newly acquired role prin- cipally in terms of the clothes it will permit him to wear.Twenty years ago a dramatist could rely, in part at least,upon his actors. Glance at the plays of the period andyou will find trivial stage directions and scant instructionsas to the costuming. To-day Shaw's stage directions tothe actors occupy as much space in a play manuscript asdoes the acting play itself. And Barrie's are often aslong as Shaw's.Walkley says that an actor must be impressed by theoutward and visible signs of things rather than by thethings themselves. It is true that an actor is so impressed,but this does not, assuredly, argue that he should be. WhatWalkley should have said was that a theatre audience isimpressed by the outward and visble signs of things ratherthan by the things themselves and that, this being the case,the actor—being by nature of his craft a lazy fellow—takes the same easy course so to impress his audience.To contend that this is, therefore, just what the actorought to do—and that is but fair to allow him to do it—is to contend that the best actor is that actor who in- terprets not the role written for him by the dramatist butthe audience's composite idea of the role written for himby the dramatist. And to make this contention is to speakin terms of mob popularity, which popularity is, of course,ever vitally at odds with art of any kind—even whatMoore called the lowest of all the arts, acting. The plaintruth, patently enough, is that the actor bears the samerelation to an artist that the phonograph bears to MadameSembrich. The artist is contemptuous of the crowd. Theonly actor in America who is contemptuous of the crowdis Mr. Arnold Daly. And Daly, by that mark, is theonly ac or in America who approaches the rank of anartist. And Daly, as actors are regarded by the theatre- going crowd, is not what is known to them as a successfulactor.The actor thinks in terms of what his audience willthink. Mr. William Faversham had once the impertinentintelligence to portray lago as he himself thought thatcharacter should be portrayed and his audiences, who hadbeen used to the rubberstamp notion of lago, felt them- selves slighted and would have nothing to do with thecharacterization. Other actors, playing like merchants thesafe side, merely sell to their audiences the characterizationsof the roles and the appurtenances thereto that the audiencesare accustomed to. Let an actor playing an Englishcharacter correctly recite the word specialty as specialityand, as was the case with Miss Grace George last season,the audience will promptly snicker its distrust. Let anactor playing a judge enact the role in a make-up resem- bling Mr. Justice Freddie Kernochan in place of the customarymake-up resembling Russ Whytal and he will be a gloomyfailure in the audience's eye.I cannot believe, for all that has been said and saideloquently to the contrary, that the numskull makes the bestactor. It is to me inconceivable that Havelock Ellis, incog.,could not have played the doctor in 1 Damaged Goods nvery much better and very much more convincingly than theactor who did play the part or that Finley Peter Dunne couldn't have played the Irishman in H General John Regan nseveral times better than Mr. Charles Haw trey.Yet, in spite of all these remarks, picture to yourselfthe most intelligent and best actor in the whole worldplaying John Gabriel Borkman. Picture this actor in themidst of a superb performance. Picture him captivating themost intelligent audience ever gathered into a theatre.Picture his keen strokes of characterization, his perfectarticulation, his own clear mentality gleaming through theIbsen script. Then suddenly picture, in the verymidst of this remarkable impersonation of the role ; thegreat actor accidently splitting his pants IAnd, having succeeded in picturing this, you havesucceeded coordinately in picturing the tumbling to earthof every fine theory of the art of acting ever written including particularly this, my own. THE Theatre has often been at variance with thepulpit: they ought not to quarrel. How much is itto be wished that in both the celebration of nature and ofGod were entrustd to none but men of noble minds.Goethe.TO make the common marvellous, as if it were a re- velation, is the test of genius.Lowell.A WISE scepticism is the first attribute of a goodcritic.Lowell.CRITICISM is as often a trade as a science, requiring, asit does, more health than wit, more labour than capa- city, more practice than genius.La Bruy&amp;re.ORDINARILY men entertain a very erroneous notionof criticism, and understand by it nothing more thana certain shrewdness in detecting and exposing the faultsof a work of art.Schlegel.TOO much is said about an actor's fire I It has beendisputed whether an actor can have too much fire.When those who hold this opinion adduce, byway ofevidence, that an actor is vehement, or, at least, more ve- hement in the wrong place, perhaps, than circumstancesrequire, those who maintain the contrary are justified inasserting that the actor manifests not too much fire, but toolittle sense.Lessing. Reprinted by kind permission of Mr. Nathan from « Mr.George Jean Nathan Presents»; A. A. Knopf, New York, 1917. (1) Written previous to her death. Ed. AN OLD PROBLEMSOLVED WHAT TO DO WITHSHAKESPEARE BY J. SOMERS BACON. THE question what to do withShakespeare still remains unsolved,and 1 propose to do my best to solveit now.We of the n New Movement 9 inTheatre work, especially the scenicmen, are the culprets, so they say.But it is not against any of us thatthe prim and righteous and their friendsshould level their accusations. No, theyshould accuse Shakespeare and find andproclaim his faults.Well, some do this. They say heis too Theatrical.As for that, we, being theatricalourselves, are happy to find old Shake- speare a bit gaudy too, and to makeas much of it as we possibly can.And surely when Shakespeare ismade much of and spoiled a little heis, perhaps, a little more easily managedthan if brought up and brought outpuritanically. Yet when it comes toputting a play by Shakespeare on thestage the difficult part lies in managingthe play for it is so unruly, sohuge and sprawling.What to do no one has yet decided.Who is best fitted to decide ? Aparson, a shipwright or a stage-manager?In spite of the letter's shortcomingsI really think that the most theatricalstage-manager is the one who can dothe trick best, a trick which noone else can do: that is to say,preserve Shakespeare's plays for England.While it is quite true that Shake- speare is not a good play-maker in thestrictest sense of the word, it's oddhow very theatrical he is, .... Poetical- theatrical.Take the first scene in n Macbeth n.Here v/e have three old hags, Scotchwitches, imagining that they can runtheir neighbourhood by giving up allthat's bright and gay in life and con- centrating with fury towards mischief.... dry old hags.They meet over some pot of stewwhich they can't eat and some bootlegwhisky which they love, and make alittle quiet, very concentrated and utterlymischievous prayer.Having done this, they separate and in separating they ask when theyshall meet again, and so on.Now any sensible modern play-writerwould have made them talk at leastreasonably. Whereas their talk isunreasonable, highly coloured, as my- stifying as our critics find Craig's writings,semi-musical, and, as I have always hadto admit, very theatrical.The English unprofessional producerwhen he comes to it determines tosimplify it, to discipline it andto organize and bring up politely whatis utterly wild. I don't like the result.This first scene then becomes dull, flat,bony.Mr William Poel is not the firstEnglishman who felt and thought inthis way nor Mr Archer the firstEnglish critic. There have been thou- sands who felt as they do, saw whatthey saw, that a Shakespeare playis a disorderly piece of workmanship,and needs bringing to earth, needs soapand water and scrubbing brush to washaway all its faults, especially theatricalismif it is theatricalism which is notwanted in the Theatre.These gentlemen are not entirely tobe blamed for doing as they do, forcalling out against overloading the Dramawith scenery and music and 11 effects n,for it is, I believe, their natural instinctto wish to preserve as much of Shake- speare's words and noble sentimentsand even more than these, as bestthey can.Yet what with protests here, scrub- bing there, and organization everywhere,the plays are slowly being worn awayand soon will be lost to us.The words are already being lost,...rtheir sense was lost long ago ; theirmusic going; the picture and thesituation no longer held worthy to standalone, ....(and of course they should notstand alone) : the place rather inruins.I think that some serious steps mightbe taken to decide if what I say be true or not, ....whether Shakespeare's playsare in ruins, and his theatre too: and,if this be true, to secure, (without thedelay of more than another twenty-fiveyears) some new house and keeper forthis unruly but possibly useful articleknown as Shakespeare, or what'sleft of him. I don't know if we canafford to keep the man, but I don'tthink he should be n scrapped n togetherwith useless officials of Home andForeign Office.If, on the other hand, we cannothouse him in our own land, let us sellhim, .... let us ,f realize n upon him.What I mean is this. I do notseriously think that we as Englishmenought to waste him. I do really thinkthat there is one market for him oranother.If he is not neat, funny or politeenough, or even sufficiently handsome,for any Theatre public in England, hestill has his indisputable value as an n oldMaster.R His thirty-seven plays afterall are the only genuine Shakespeareswe possess or ever can possess. AndI believe that we might turn thesethirty-seven plays to profit. France, orGermany, and America would possiblybe willing to purchase twelve apiece.We owe A.merica money. Couldwe not sell the entire rights of thefollowing thirteen (as twelve) plays toAmerica for £ 856,000,000, thuscancelling the debt ?King Lear.King John.King Richard 11.King Henry VIII.King Richard 111.Antony &amp; Cleopatra.Julius Caesar.Cymbeline.The Taming of the Shrew.Ail's Well that ends Well.Merchant of Venice.Macbeth.Much Ado about Nothing.By entire rights I mean publishingand acting rights, and the rights to callShakespeare an American.Then we might sell ten to Ger- many with reserves.Two Gentlemen of Verona.Othello.Winter's Tale.Hamlet.Titus Andronicus.Timon of Athens.The Tempest.Twelfth Night.Comedy of Errors.Merry Wives of Windsor.To Eastern peoples we might bartereight of the plays for oil to the valueof £ 600,000,000. Coriolanus.Romeo &amp; Juliet.Troilus &amp; Cressida.Love's Labour Lost.A Midsummer night's Dream.As you like it.Measure for Measure.Pericles.This would leave us with six :Henry IV, Part I.Henry IV. Part 2.Henry V.Henry VI. Part 1.Henry VI. Part 2.Henry VI. Part 3.if it's not keeping too much.We sell Gainsboroughs and Reynoldsand other masterpieces of painting ....so why not these ?I put it to Mr Baldwin and theother ministers that here is away outof their difficulties. All rights to print, publish or performthe plays should be sold.The thirteen named first should be- come lock stock and barrel the entireright of the Americans, who should beallowed henceforth to erect statues totheir national poet Shakespeare, to buildtheatres to show his plays; all rights oftranslation should be made over to themby a new Act of Parliament.Perhaps sixty-five million is much toask for a single play. Were this to provethe case there is Byron whom we neverread, and whom we might throw in,.... entire Byronic rights ; and throw inten or twelve of the dissolute Elizabethanplaywrights. I believe that within fiveyeais we could ship over 856 dramaswithout much difficulty and with prac- tically no loss to ourselves, .... and with£ 856,000,000 gain.There does not seem any need to point out that the Americans would knowhow to farm out the masterpieces so asto yield a profit of some £ 15,000,000yearly. So that in less than eightyyears they would have repaid themselves,broadcasting America's National Poet,and then the profit would begin.With all the eager hands for everstretching to us across the Atlantic readyto welcome and enrich any ordinarymodern poet who cares to go over andlecture, have we any doubt that a heartywelcome awaits him who for a shortwhile longer we may call our greatestpoet ? ....and may we not wish himand his works God-speed and congra- tulate ourselves on a good bargain?....and, if we have an ounce of ournational capacity left, we really oughtto be able to make that bargain.Would this not solve an awkward, notto say unfortunate, problem ? ON THE 154 SONNETS OF SHAKESPEARE BY EDWARD GORDON CRAIG I think it is the Abb 6 d'Hebiin, (1684-1732), the sen- -1 timentalist, who was the first to state it as his beliefthat Shakespeare wrote his Sonnets for money.Until 1700 no one had doubted this; but about thattime sentimentalism began to see a larger sale in a volumeof heart to heart sonnets, and the rumour spread that theseby Shakespeare had positively been written to two persons.On this rumour, rumour embroidered. The thing tookon mysteries, mysteries meant still greater sales—and thisidea of a double-hearted Shakespeare with his two loves77 of comfort and despair n came to be accepted by all.By all but d'Hebiin ; and in 1716, exactly a hundredyears after the death of Shakespeare, he decided to explodethis foolish notion. He is pitiless in his derision of theidea that Shakespeare's heart is laid bare in the sonnets.75 Double hearted Shakespeare n he cries, 75 why not treble—quadruple ? 77 11 Ah, ce petit homme infatigable ! Danstoute I'histoire du genre humain ii n'y a jamais eu depoete qui a r£vel£ un fcel nombre d'ecartelures sur le divin£cusson 51 he writes in his n Essay on the Human Heart, n(Dijon) page 37 of the 1732 edition.His book was published at his own expense but veryfew copies seem to have been preserved, his house beingburnt during the terrible fire of 1732 in which it appearshe lost his life—and most of the' copies of his book at thesame time. Since then no one has troubled to combat thesentimental sonnet notion, and now almost everyone hasreturned to the belief that they do hold a profound my- stery, although a few have been of d'Heblin's opinion—as I am.That Shakespeare wrote them for money seems to meobvious, and so tedious were it to go and search deeperbelow the perfect surface of these hundred and fifty fourtrifles.When twenty-four years after his death they werereprinted they were bundled pell-mell anyhow in a volumeregardless of any order.—What sequence can a number ofsonnets have which are sent by a dozen men or so to as many women.,., and from five or six women to no fewermen.... ?I see one of these sad or smiling visitors seated in thethird-floor-back with Mr Shakespeare;—and: 17 I cannottell him what I feel n she says.w Which is ?... 77n That I adore him, that I worship him, that—that—nand she cannot utter another word.—Yet before long sbehas poured out her grief, H that some day he will growcold. w77 Tomorrow at twelve will you come here. I willhave written something by then.... n77 Can it be.... eleven? n she asks.He hesitates,— and then quickly, quietly,—71 At eleven. 77That same evening before going to the TheatreShakespeare has penned three sonnets for her.II One of them might do—somehow n is his doubtas he reads : n One will do n is his certainty on readingthe last.At 10.50 the next day a knock on his door—Sheis in before the answer is given to n Come* in. !!He gives her the first. (It happened that later on itcame to be the very first in the book though it was thesixteenth he had written):From fairest creatures toe desire increase,That thereby beauty's rose might never die,But cfS the riper should by time decease,His tender heir might bear his memory :But thou, contracted to thine own bright eyes,Feed'st thy light's flame with self-substantial fuel,Maying a famine where abundance lies,Thyself thy foe, to thy sweet self too cruel.Thou that art now the world's fresh ornamentAnd only herald to the gaudy spring,Within thine own bud huriest thy eontentAnd, pitying churl, makcst waste in niggarding.Pity the world, or else this glutton be,To eat the world's due, by the grave and thee, She lingers after reading it—looking out of the windowacross the roofs—it hangs loosely in her left hand.Shakespeare, who has been into the next room leavingher alone, returns and sees her look.nNo ! n says he decisively,—" This then. " and heoffers her another sheet of paper. She utters not a word—-takes the sonnet, and reads: Against that time,* if ever that time come,When I shall see thee frown on my defects,When as thy love hath cast his utmost sum,Call'd to that audit by advised respects ;Against that time when thou shalt strangely pass,And scarcely greet me with that sun, thine eye.When love, converted from the thing it Was,Shall reasons find of settled gravity ;Against that time do / ensconce me hereWithin the knowledge of mine own desert,And this my hand against myself uprear,To guard the lawful reasons on thy part:To leave poor me thou hast the strength of laws,Since why to love I can allege no cause.Immediately she is folding up the verse—and she isall flustered.She folds and buries the sonnet in her bosom—timidlyputs down on the table a little purse, sees that he sees it—and thanks him again and again pressing his hand—and more thanks—more. She is gone—the door is closed.The purse contains the modern equivalent of £ 8.0.0.Shakespeare moves towards the door—stops—stands awhilepurse in hand—through his brain speed strange visiqns ofman and woman—and streets—and forests—and a stream—and the wearing down of pebbles in a brook—cool—liquid—and one word concludes a11.... it issues from hislips—the door itself could barely have heard, so silentare the half-spoken thoughts which precede an action....Mermaid ''.Reaching for a hat and a cloak which hang at theside of the door he turns the handle—passes out on tothe narrow landing, shuts the door—locks it—key in poc- ket—-twice slapped, he begins to descend.As he issues from his front door a carriage is drivingaway. A head looks out and looks up at the third-floorwindows: the face is beautiful. P \lT/£ were but now wagering how you make yourVV money, Will, and here you come to resolve thematter.... wn Not by gambling on other men's affairs. nThis historically authentic opening to a long day's ca- rouse at the Mermaid is vouched for by Prewter in hisw The Muses Mayday" (1595). (Howlett's reprint, 1641). BUT IT was not always a refined and noble lady whocame to demand a sonnet.... and it was not alwaysa purely cut sonnet that was supplied.Sometimes it was something a good deal more Falsta- fian that came rapping at the door,—A little song, youngman, if you please —and let there be ginger in it. nH Ginger, sir, it shall have. Is it to a favourite horseor—? nn Horse, my boy, Horse ?—it's a mare ! (roars oflaughter,) * as winsome a young filly as ever grazed but- tercups in a meadow. n One imagines they talked nonsenselike this, n A blonde or a.... ? "n There are four of them (more roars) —" three blondesand one as red as a carrot n howls his visitor. 11 Howlong will you be about it ? he continues, sitting downgravely—but leaping up the next moment cries out " bestir—bestir !—we want it in about two hours from now you see there are four of u5.... all sea folk. n" Two hours—that will make it 10 o'clock: be hereat 9.30 and the verses will be ready,... Any names tobe introduced ? n asks William.Yes,—Margery and Marian ; you better write 4emdown : here, I'll write 4 em up,—they aren't easy namesto remember. Margery, Marian—l always have carried abit of chalk—and Moll and Meg n ; and up on the wallof the lodgings were staring the four white names. Theseaman pockets the bit o' chalk, gazing like a big fish atthe four names as though he had just painted the portraitsof their owners.n The master is sweet on Moll, and Margery is reallythe boatswain's girl.... but- he's too full o' poetry, theyoung parrot.... all this week its love and dove... : butmake it jolly—no poetry,... skip the poetry—jolly is thetune.... n and down goes the fat fellow and as he goesdown starts humming an old sea air without any words.Shakespeare stands close to his door ajar—his ear cocked,and the verse is written as the old buffer descends:—fiveminutes to copy it down—and commentators to this daymake out that the English muses are not real people andthat they do not come on the wings of chance but comedeliberately like Oliver Cromwell's reforms and feed on airand virtue—and whisper quietly so that no one but a truepuritanical poet can hear the noble things the puritanicalpoet pumps up three years after they have gone.At 9.30 the fat man called for his verse and paidWilliam handsomely, three Elizabethan pounds f He wasa jolly old boy and it was an immense sum in those daysfor a jingle—the equivalent of £ 24, of today's money ;and for this all Shakespeare gave him was : The master, the swabber, the boatswain, and /,The gunner, and his mate,Loved Moll, Meg, and Marian, and Margery,Bui none of us cared for Kate ;For she had a tongue with a tang,Would cry to a sailor, Go hang IShe loved not the savour of tar nor of pitch ;Yet a tailor might scratch her where'er she did itch.Then, to sea, boys, and let her go hang In By Davy, this'll swing well to the tune of " Redroses and hose n cries the fat man, and down he goes,and down goes William after him: three landings, threeturns:... there's a fog outside. B Goodbye n—one to theright, one to the left,... n Mermaid. n FRANCESCO CLERICOA NOTE ON A PORTRAIT BY ALLEN CARRIC. FRANCESCO CLERICO WAS ONEof the foremost Italian ballet mas- ters of the 18th century. And thisimage of him is one of the most spi- rited things of its kind that I know of.It was engraved in 1795 and is bysome artist unknown to me.When Clerico was born or whereI do not know, I am hoping that someone in one of the museums may knowthe facts of his existence and will letme know them.He produced several ballets : in Pa- do va in 1789; in Bologna in 1795;in Venice and Parma in 1797 ; andin Milano at the n Scala R in 1790and 1823. I am not an engraver, but I ameager to find out who it was put inthe sweeping straggling eyebrow inthis plate. The nose, mouth and eyeseem to me as well done as it is pos- sible to do them.The whole thing is alive, and Ihear a voice coming from the imagewhich begins to say, n Signcre, myfather the Conte di Bozzola was oneof the proudest men, but he was alsovery human and I loved him dearly.When I was fourteen years of age hetook me around the lagoons in his gon- dola and I shall never forget when helanded, leaving me in the boat whichpushed off and returned to Murano. n Come again soon n he called : butwhen I came I could not find him- and I was told 4He is dead. * Si- gnore, when I dance I remember thesetwo days : the happy day between hisknees in the gondola and the day Icould not find him. The tragedy andcomedy of my dances which you arekind enough to say pleases you springsfrom these two days. When I waseighteen I was on my way to A&gt;n- cona.... n—but I hear no more;—ashort circuit. I have probably erredin the name of the town,... taken thewrong turning, and the voice diesaway Perhaps he said Ascona. ACTINGA PLEA FOR MOREBREADTH IN IT, BY A. B. C. IF a fault can be found in themodern English actor, it is that hedoes not explain, does not express; hefails to express. He fears to repeatnowadays. The old actors came backand back to a thing they wished tomake clear.The modern acior is inclined to slur.If he wishes to express jealousy, hewill express it over and over again byone note : Jealous, jealous, jealous he strums on the piano with one finger.The old actor would repeat six to tento thirty different times in as manydifferent tones and gestures the onethought, and so at last we began to see the idea building itself up in frontot us. Construction is what actorsknew more or then than they do today.In doing as they did they followeda very old tradition.Where the masters succeed, is inthat they will take no chances offailure. A master will be expressing,clearly, or to some people confusedly,one way or another way, every way,and will repeat and again and againrepeat in twenty different ways, thething he sets out to tell us.Take the passage in Book II in Ovid'sfl Metamorphosis 11 where the boyPhaeton asks his father Apollo to granthim his wish to drive the steeds andchariot ot the sun. Then see howOvid as Apollo pleads, not once, twice,but many times, for he is the actor andApollo his role; and, failing to turnthe boy, then describes the catastrophe.How again and again he relates thedetails one on top of another, eachone enough, it would be supposed, toexpress his thought, But no! hemust add and add; for it is notanything trifling he wishes to say like" Hullo Phillips, how are you? n ; itis almost the great catastrophe, ....almost the annihilation of creation hehas to swerve near.And what but something near thisis in R King Lear n, in n (Edipus n,in nearly all the great tragedies, so that,packed to the brim with grief and pain,the creation for us does seem to totterduring the course of reading ?And it is because the modern actorshirks the thing, trembles to scale thistoppling ruin, fears to pile Pelion uponOssa, that he can never raise thestructure high enough or reveal it huge enough for the full purposes of Dramaticart; .... and so, when today we haveTheatricals, they stand bare and trivialbeside the old Dramatic art.It would seem essential that beforea great Tragedian can establish himselfin England he must be laughed at....for it is essential that he should exag- gerate furiously.... be pack full ofmannerisms : for we must needs call his• mannerisms 9 that which is his aloneand strange to us,(Oh, I know all about your Mos- cow Art Theatre..., that's the perfectionof the familiar. Instead of the tragicthey give you the worried: a vast dif- ference.As we are an eccentric nation ourchief actors needs must be to us thevery essence of eccentricity. Were wea saner race it could be otherwise....like the Russians for example. Andwe reveal all the madman's ignoranceof his state when we cry down thevery least signs of eccentricity in ouractors. Rather we should hail theseas long-looked-for signs of the comingmen.Something like this must be in theminds of those critics who find the artof the circus clown so admirable Thecircus clown with his joke to perform,his point to be made to a circle ofpeople, diverse and dull, who sit aroundhim :—his method is not \ery unlikeOvid's.He pushes the first point home withthe mallet of his craft:—quickly hepushes it in once more, a third time herams it into u5,.., big pauses between.Is the point home ?—yes, he hasmade sure of this ; and now by a slightturn he proves this; by a gentle twist he causes the whole circle of specta*tors to utter a cry resembling pain—but really of pleasure,I appeal for more and more appre- ciation by actors of the values of exag- geration, and less disdain for emphasisand fury in the actor, so that ourTheatrical Art become stronger whereit now lacks strength,.., in tragedy....in our immense and priceless Englishdrama.I would not ask our perfect actorSir Charles Hawtry to exaggerate orto let his fury loose,—nor his criticsto abate a word of their praise forthis very lack of exaggeration, thissuave power of suggestion which, byraising an eyelid, he is able to employ.I would not look to see Sir .Geralddu Maurier be anything or do anythingmore than he is and does : and themany other actors who belong to thiseyelid school, I for my part would notmiss one of them. The faultlessnessof their miniature method must not bedisturbed—nor undervalued.But this method is only one of themethods. The Theatre knows it andshould recognize it more.To be suave, to drawl, lisp and actthe oracle in a ' natural ' way whenperforming Falstaff, Charles Surface,Mercutio, Gratiano, Beatrice, Portia,the Merry Wives of Windsor or anyof the larger comic master-roles of the17th or 16th centuries would be fu- tile. These, like the great tragic roles,need swing, fire, attack, and exagge- ration The Theatrical.Whether it be possible for our youngactors to attain this breadth while for- ced to perform the modern crampingdramas—dramas which are mildly andsafely popular, is a question I cannotanswer, though 1 feel that they can dono such thing.But our clowns have the breadth—our actor 6 of broad farce have it—andI think it is from these that the theatreto come can look to draw its represen- tative actors of the new generation,...if we are going to have some. Francesco ClericaBallet-Master.1795 Plate 4. DESIGN FROM LAMBRANZI"BALLI TEATRALI" 1716 HPHIS same Lambranzi, who was he? Seldom has a* Dancer Writer (which was he?) eluded us asthis one.We have searched for some word about him but noone seems to know anything of him or his work. Hisbook appeared in 1716. Its title is, " Nuova e curiosascuola di balli teatrali ", and there is a portrait of theauthor in it.Can any reader give us the further information werequire: When he was born?... died?... what hedid?... where he went, whether he wrote any otherbooks besides this one ? Ed. LA SALLE DE SPECTACLES DES TUILERIES. FELIX URBAN. BUILT in the Palace by Vigarani and Amandini, theItalians, both from Modena, it was opened on February7 th, 1662. This plan shows its second slate when rebuilt bySoufflot and Gabriel and reopened January sih, 1764.PLAN by BREBION. (Archives Nationales.Paris). THIS Plan of the Theatre in the Tuileries shows usthe cramped theatre built up of light materials in- side the old walls: A. Salle du Theatre des machines,no longer being used in 1764 and, as we see, dividedfrom the new theatre which is B. and C.B. the Sal!e du Theatre de l'Op£ra.C. The sc£ne du Theatre de l'Op£ra.D. &amp; E. entrances from the Cour des Suisses andfrom the gardens of the Palace.It seems that this is the theatre in which Voltairewas crowned on Monday March 30th 1778. Mant- zius (0 asserts that it was on April Is and a Wednesday.There are several engravings showing us the well-knownevent; but these and a drawing all quarrel about thedecoration of the salle, the position of Voltaire, etc.So like History not to know.The building cost 409,555 livres, and the first per- formance was of Castor et Politic. It was called then Salle provisoire des Tuileries. nLater on when Napoleon came to sweep awaypretty things and to substitute prettier, if nobler ones,in their place, he set Percier and Fontaine to work in1804. These architects took the old design of theItalians and adapted it with immense success. For thisdesign see n The Mask, n volume 8, page 25, whichshows the auditorium.The salle marked A. they destroyed, having firstcarefully taken the idea to use in their new salle which,it appears, filled the space B, and the stage C.In 1873 the house-breakers began to demolish whatremained of the place after the bombardment in 1871,and the pretty doings of the Comunists who, being onfire, and not knowing what to do with this Divine Ele- ment, guessed that petrolium and gunpowder placed inthe basement and set light to would relieve them ofsomething. It destroyed the building it also destroyedtheir own fire.But of course if people wont allow man to createand wont give him the necessary little aids towards thatend, which is a good one, he is apt to destroy. Why ?Ask me anotherqr rather, don't ask me anything,or I might hold forth upon the aristocracy once more.To aid creative artists, instead of the old n aristo- cracy n the new aristocracy is already movingthemen of business: the cloth merchants,—the timber mer- chants—the silk merchants,... all the merchants. Allis as right as rain. The old incapable master of thehouse has given in.... we'd have betted he wouldn'tbut he has..,, and the new master comes in.But don't talk about Democracy for that's all Fudge.It is a new aristocracy.Avanti la musica! (1) Dr Karl Mantzius, the Danish Theatre historian. THEATRE MEN IN EUROPE BY THE EDITOR n HE IS BEST SERVED WHO HAS NO NEED TO PUT OTHER PEOPLE'SHANDS AT THE END OF HIS ARMS. » Rousseau. THEORISTS are very valuable people—but peoplewho theorize on what they have practised are noless so.We hold no brief for everyone in a Theatre who canmerely handle a pencil and brushes in the European Thea- tre. Some are able to do this only, and that alone en- titles no one to produce a play. We admire them or qualify our admiration for them as scenic men,... but wedo not count them as more than that.And we have now and again thought that a usefulpurpose would be served by making a list of all the wor- kers in the European Theatrical world, and, after eachname, stating what each can do.For example, the list might read like this : WE should like to see a list of about a hundred suchnames drawn up. We would like to know still furtherdetails as to what exactly Prof. Reinhardt can do ; whatStanislawsky can do ; Antoine, Appia, Bakst, Gemier,Roller, Jessner, Pcelzig, Sievevt,... what these can do:and the Americans, and the Englishmen too.Most of us are irritated by reading in journals long andtedious comparisons drawn between men who are not oc- cupied at all in the same work.We think Boom is a very brilliant if unheard of de- signer who can probably do more than merely design:we think Antoine a very brilliant stage manager:- weare bored when we come across a comparison of thetwo. One is a scenic man ; one is a stage manager andan actor.... until we hear authoritatively that each is morethan that.If Antoine has designs, let them come out, and let uscompare them with those by Boom. If Boom can stage- manage let us hear about it, and how he stage-manages.Let that and Antoine's stage-management be compared.Nor can there be comparison made between Rein- hardt and Craig, Craig, so far as I know, being able todo all that the German master does and a good deal more.Again, Appia and Bakst. So far as anyone knowsBaksfc has written no such books as has the Swiss genius:but have either of them acted ?... can either of themstage-manage ? Perhaps ; only we ought to know it, andsoon.Something authoritative about each man's abilities wouldprevent a lot of error from spreading, and save a greatdeal of time at present wasted in big talk by Boom andhis friends. This big talk only serves to delay the deve- lopment of the modem Theatre. Mr McGowan to some extent informs 12s who is whoin his n Continental Stage Craft ** ; but it's a plainer listwhich is" wanted. M. Parker's n Who's Who w gives ussome facts, and critics and others still remain in the darkabout these simple tacts, nWhat can each man do ?because, being so simple, it occurs to no one to troubleabout it.Yet, these facts once truthfully stated, there would befewer errors being repeated in books and journals. ON TRUTH AND ERROR.THE truth has always need of being repeated, becauseerror is ceaselessly and repeatedly preached to us, andnot only by some isolated voice but by the crowd. Inthe newspapers, encyclopaedias, in the schools and univer- sities, everywhere error holds the first rank ; it is at ksease with the majority, who charge themselves with itsdefence.GOETHE. n Conversations withEckermann n. 1823-1832. (i) We will not vouch for the correctness of this Table.For example, M. Bakst may be a craftsma?i; IvL Antoine aplaywright. So difficult is it to state what these three menwhom we have chosen as examples can do and camiot do thatour plea seems to be more than jzistified. Name &amp;NationalityActorPlaywrightDesignerStage-ManagerArchitectCraftsmanLight ExpertBakst, Hebrew :NoNoYesNoNo••Antoine, French:Yes•NoYesNo?NoStanislawsky, Rus-sian :YesNoNoYesNoNoNo (1) THE THEATRE OF SABBIONETA.SOME NOTES TRANSLATED FROM OLD ITALIAN WRITERS. DESIGN FOR THE TEATRO OLIMPICO OF SABBIONETAby Vincenzo Scamozzi, 1588. From the Drawing in the Uffizi Gallery, Firenze. Plate 5. SCAMOZZI, Palladio's pupil whocompleted the Teatro Olimpico(Vicenza) built another classical theatrein 1588 at Sabbioneta for the DukeVespasiano Gonzago but this does notnow exist. nJohn Henry Middleton. M. A.,Litt. D., F. S. A.y D. C. L., SladeProf, of Cambridge, Art Director ofSouth Kensington Museum 1892-1896, in 11 The Encyclopaedia Bri- tannica w Vol. XXVI. Page 732.Latest Edition.ODUKE Vespasiano Gonzaga(Dec. 6,1532—Feb. 26, 1591) was bornat Fondi, became n Signore di Sab- bioneta ,} in 1540, in 1555 n Mar- chese dl Sabbioneta e Principe diBozzolo, n in 1574 n Principe di Sab- bioneta e Marchese di Rivarolo R and,in 1577, full 51 Duca di Sabbioneta n.(Garollo). He set out to make a littlemodel city of the place, with a Pa- lace, a Mint, a Theatre, a PrintingPress, all in miniature.AT Vicenza, Palladio had raised aTheatre in ancient style, and theAccademia Olimpica had had the CEdi- pus of Sophocles represented there. Thesuccess was immense, and had its echoamong the powerful and the letteraiiin every part of Italy. It is presumablethat Vespasiano, going to or returningfrom Venice, had had occasion to seethe Olimpico of Vicenza, and sinceVincenzo Scamozzi da Vignola hadcarried out the set (permanent) scenethere, he thought to select the cele- brated architect to erect the Teairidioand the Odeo (1) of his capital,The esteem which Vincenzo Sca- mozzi had acquired by the scenes ofthe Teatro Olimpico, the finest flowerof Italy having assembled at that spec- tacle, was the reason why in 1588 hewas called to Sabbioneta by the DukeVespasiano Gonzaga, that he mightmake him a plan for a theatre in theancient style, as was that of Vicenza.And he set out from Vicenza the firstday of May, and having arrived atSabbioneta the third of the same (month),he was received by the ministers/ (theDuke being not then in the city, since,just on the first day of th,at month, hetoo had set forth) with great honour.He saw the site and made the plan in two fogli rialc (I) which SignorMariette preserves in his rare cabinet,of the which, through his extremekindness, I hold here a copy. Hereis, however, the description which thesame Scamozzi made of the TeatroOlimpico a few years later, so thatafter he had designed (or set in order)the scenes of the Teatro Olimpico ofVicenza he might raise from the foun- dations the Odeum and Theatre dueto the excellency of the Lord DukeVespasiano Gonzaga in his city of Sab- bioneta, capable of holding a largenumber of persons, besides some roomsat either end, adapted to various uses,and with the orchestra, and the gradesfor sitting upon.The proscenium and the prospec- tives of the edifices represent a greatPiazza, with a most noble street inthe middle and others on either side.He remained there eight days tomake the designs, which lie consignedto the ministers of the Duke. (Jemanza).IN November and December of thesame year Vincenzo Scamozzi con- structed the permanent scene ; a greatpiazza, with streets in the backgroundand palaces and houses, a scene mi- serably destroyed at the beginning ofthe last century. Dondi writes thatScamozzi n was there in person to haveit done.... and the stucco ornamenta- tion has been done by one MesserBernardino, a Venetian worker in stuccowith other companions, for the whichsaid prospettiva (scene) the said LordDuke donated to the said ScamotioScuti (scudi) a hundred and ten anda silver cup. nIN the Carnival of 1 590 the TheatreA was inaugurated. To act there, therewas summoned by the Duke the companyof Silvio de* Gambi, Ferrarese, to whichVespasiano gave the name of n Ac- cademia dei Confidenti, n endowed itwith four hundred scudi a year andconceded to it the privilege of callingitself the court company, and of dis- playing, wherever it should go to ap- pear (i. e. to perform) the ducal coatof arms. We do not know what pro- ductions may have been given.The Theatre of Sabbioneta, isolatedon three sides, with three exterior fa- cades of architectural purity of style,is ornamented with niches, now strip- ped of their statues and busts. Theouter walls are decorated with stuccoreliefs with Doric lisene and windowswith cornice, entablature and pediment.The internal rectangle, forming theplatea, ends in a semi-ellipse in whichrises, as in an amphitheatre, the gramdinata for the spectators.At the end is the princely loggiawith wooden balustrade, and twelveCorinthian columns which sustain theelegant canopy upon which, correspon- ding to the columns, stand twelvegracefully modelled statues. Four spacesare filled, and, in niches, are fourvigorous busts of emperors. The semicir- cular wall at the end preserves, bru- tally injured by nails, the ochroiddecorations representing, life size, theRoman emperors dear to the Duke,set in light and graceful niches.Behind the wall two saloons form- ed the Odeum.The Olimpico of Sabbioneta is thesecond Theatre of the kind constructedim Italy. The third is the Farnese ofParma, erected thirty years later.The fabric did not undergo altera- tions. Only the ceiling was loweredand the walls covered with whitewash,beneath which wait, to be restored tothe contemplation of the lovers of thebeautiful, the suggestive decorations ofthe ignoto Bernardino Vicenzino (1). (i) The little Theatre and the Odeum. (l) A term indicative of the format ofthe sheets of paper used. (i) The use here of the word ignoto(unknown) is a little obscure&gt; since itPreceded an artisVs name, whereas it isusually only applied to some anonymousof unidentified authorship. Possibly ourauthor means not known in the sense oftoo little knoivn or celebrated.Trans. THE THEATREAND THE STATE. BY JOHN BULL. IT is reported though how truethe report may be, I will not vouchfor that Signor Mussolini's visit toMadame Eleonora Duse (1) to discusswith her the best way to bring the Ita- lian stage into the service of the nation,was anticipated by exactly three daysby our then English Premier, who, itis reported, sent his representative,a distinguished Minister, to call uponMiss Ellen Terry with precisely thesame idea as that with which SignorMussolini called three days later onMadame Eleonora Duse.It is understood that the Ministercounselled caution to the great Englishactress.n I'll not trouble you with the oldtalk which you may have already heardabout the Scotchman who came toLondon.... n.n What, the one which ends up* Bang went saxpence ' ? " cried MissTerry.n Precisely said the Ministerv since you know it.... n.n Know it I n cried our Eilen,® Why, I'm half a Scotchman myself ;but the other half is Irish n.11 Miss Terry n, responded the go- vernment representative earnestly, a itis to this other half I come to counselcaution n. 11 If, nhe went on, aweare to awaken the English Theatrewe must dissemble. I think that isthe right phrase, Miss Terry. Nothingmust be done openly. To be openis to be rash, to be rash is to lose money. We must bang no sixpenceover this affair. It is for this reason thatI come to consult you. What in youropinion is the best thing to be done ? aHere Miss Terry, losing all thatcontrol over herself which she had justbeen begged to maintain, cried out.a Call my son and give him the powerto establish a .... B.a Unfortunately I do not know MrTerry r\ interposed the Minister.s My son is Gordon Craig n, saidthe actress simply.R I have never heard of him n,replied the Minister, looking quiteuncomfortable. n Yet stay, .... MrNorman Craig ....Mr Norman Craig n,he mused, n Why, of course I've heardof him. I really must beg your pardon.One of our best K.Cs, one of the mostnotable members of Parliament, andindeed the very man to organize aBritish Theatre reasonably, and I daresay economically. Perhaps, Miss Terryhe went on, a you would tell your son,Mr Norman Craig, that our idea is tomake the English Theatre represent thespiritual life of the nation and that mynotion would be to see him organizinga modest little theatre somewhere inthe very centre of Highgate. He mighttake a Drill Hall, (Drill Halls arecheap just now), and get together a fewenthusiasts who would be glad to workfor so good a cause for next tonothing. One thing he would have toavoid a great danger. I refer tothe plays of Shakespeare. Shakespeare,my dear Miss Terry, spells ruin n.w It spells ruin, because Shakespearewas, if I may coin a phrase, too sudden,too like the lightning. A dangerousman, and his works are dangerousworks. Something more homely iswhat we need up at Highgate, some- thing rural, something any garden citizencould take his neighbour to see. Myold friend Barrie can be relied on tomake them cry; the only trouble is,who the deuce shall make 'em laugh.Can you think of any one, Miss Terry?a But time flies, and it was not toworry you with questions that I calledto see you. While all that you havecounselled me shall not be overlooked,there is one point which has escapedus. It is the little matter of finance.We are quite prepared to support thisTheatre in a manner not unworthy ofthe British Empire which we represent;and so I promise that at least £260shall be put aside by the Treasury tosee this matter through to the bitterend. That an appeal to the nationfor voluntary subscriptions will be ne- cessary, I do not think is, as yet,evident. But should such an extremityarise, you, Miss Terry, shall be authd- rized to make that appeal! ! We hadfirst thought of asking Lord Howardde Walden to undertake this pleasurabletask, if I may coin another phrase,while he'd do it with a better graceyou will do it more natural B.Whether this interview really tookplace, or not, and if these were thevery words, or even the gist, of theconversation, we have not been ableto ascertain .... so we reprint the reportof the interview with every reserve. (i) Reported Dec. 4, 1922. AN OLD BOOK:A NOTE ON A BOOKOF RULES BY C. G. SMITH. I WAS looking through a booklet called1 a Rules of the National Union ofTheatrical Stage Employees—London,1901 n.Do the workmen's rules help on theperformance? I thought: I suppose so,1 guessed eI turned over the leaves. Therewere 6! rules and nearly each rulewas subdivided into a few or manyclauses. I counted ten clauses in onerule, eleven in two others, twenty ina third, and so on.I came to H Rule 29, WorkingRules n. This rule had five clauses.Clause one seemed all right. I mayas well say thai at the first glance Ithought most of the rules seemed soundand most of the clauses too.But f was searching for some clausewhich I, as one of the hundred thou- sand artists who have to work intheatres, felt might somehow or otherspoil the work—my work:... the workof all of us.I found one in Rule 29. It wasclause 2. Here it is:a No member employed to helpa Work a show shall work during thew same performance in more than onea of the following six departments:w Stage and Cellar, Flies, Properties,3 Gas, Limes or ElectricI recalled a conversation I once hadwith a clever sort of artist (in Liver- pool I think it was) ; a man pack fullof notions for * getting on with thingsn.He had little patience with those menwho believe 1 that the Way f6 Md athings w^l!Vjaffl cM$ what has been done for the last thirtyor forty years just because it has beendone year in and year out. He wasfor a little progress all the time, forH getting on n : he said the wholeessence of success in the thealwe wasto strike sparks out of the wholeaffair,... play, acting, scene and all;and insisted that to do this hard and fastrules must not be followed for too long.Why must a curtain roll up androll down between Acts ? Why mustfootlights be always used ? Why mustHamlet always be in black crape andjet ? Why must the Ghost always moanand spout? Why must limelights actas they do act ?—and on these andother little points he elaborated.1 won't linger here on his elabora- tions : suffice it to say he asked me atthe end this question : n Why cannotI and my fellow-actors and our fellow- workers in cellar, on stage and inflies give each other a rest now andagain ?—Why cannot the property andscene-men after having made and settheir scene and props climb up on tobridges and perches and light em them- selves ? Why not ? Why, in the nameof all that's murky, why not? whyall this watertight compartment businessof only one job to one man,... moreespecially since he grows to be quiteout of sympathy with what t'otherfellow is up to, and don't understandwhy he's turning on an amber lightjust on that spot, and why it's to besoft until such and such a cue andfierce after the cue...? Our theatreain't a machine 11 he wound up.q Exactly; and 1 recalled this when Icame across clause 2 of Rule 29 inthe booklet I have mentioned; andthen I admit 1 did seriously come toask myself : 11 Are these Rules framedby one class, by one group of men inthe theatre, or by alb—including theactors and the craftsmen and the dra- matists ? "And as I read on further I amsorry to say I saw that they had beenframed by one kind of Theatre manonly: the kind of absolutely honestgood workman who don't understandat all why Drama exists, what it hasdone and may still do, and how itcan do it.I am convinced those Rules shouldbe revised, reframed, by the wholemind and hand of the Theatre,—notby the 11 hands 11 alone. A/fR Smith will not mind my addingd-Y-*- a tag to his article.He lives in Chelsea,—goes to Cha- ring &amp; aday, of ce Jo rehearsal and Jo se^M the stage is being got ready, andagain to the evening performance.This he does year in and year out.His attitude towards the stage istherefore forced to be a narrower onethan if he were to be blessed withsome freedom and could travel. Hewould then come to learn that thereare a number of theatres which haverid themselves years ago of the incu- bus of Trades Unions, and that thesetheatres make their own Rules.The result of this ordinary freedomwhich allows the manager to controlhis house is that it becomes a 1923house instead of Gn / 876 or an / 893house.And that is an advantage. Ed. ON MARTIAL,HAVELL AND CALLOT BY ALLEN CARRIC. TPO those Artists who are Draughts- men, who are fascinated by theTheatre, but who cannot Act, Stage- manage, or give time to the study ofthe Stage, yet who propose to reform it. DO you know w Le Monde Dra- matique 11 ? It is nothing ofvalue unless some young artist readingthis cares to make it so.Published in 1835, seven volumesof this B Revue des spectacles anciensei mcdernes n had appeared by theyear 1837 : so says the Catalogueissued by M. Jorel of Paris, and, asthe B Referee B was won t to say,BHe ought to know w. M. jorel slibrary is in Rue Bonaparte, No. 3.Were I in Paris I would ask M. Jorelto tell me who it was that published11 Le Monde Dramatique who wrotefor it, and who illustrated it, so thatI could make it clearer how it is thatthe B Revue n is so useless to us now.And as usual I judge with prejudiceuppermost, ....prejudice made rampantby instinct, and instinct probably morereliable than all else: " the howlingdog knows what he sees 15.And I howl after having seen twoillustrations.1 haven't a copy of the Revue w ;I have only these two lithographs,extracted by some one long ago andfound by me in the print shop in theRuie.de Seine.,. Asd ..they..are very bad. They are supposed to represent ;B Le Theatre de Dijon n ; and B LeTheatre de la Koenigstadt at Berlin 11.They are neither fine lithographs norsharp exact documentary drawings:they are just the USUAL unreliabletenth-rate pieces of work we so oftenfind in poor Guides, cheap schoolhistories, and always find in the Thea- trical Journals, Reviews and Magazines.The worst of artists were put on todeal with the Theatres. These artists,who could draw excellently, were seldomsufficiently interested in the Theatre inthose days; and slow, indeed, untilquite recently, to consider it a subjectat all worth while.But nowadays that is all changing (1).Very many of those same artists areconsidering the Theatre very well worthwhile. I don't mean that they see inthe Theatre a means of getting to thefront or a means for money-making,though there must be always a fewwho look at all things very much fromthat practical point of view. I meanthat they who were once more in lovewith their own muse are taking up withours. And, as the eyes of many ofthese young artists, mostly draughtsmen,are turned towards the Theatre, I wouldsuggest that they take care to avoidmuch future trouble to themselves bylooking no more into the Theatre butonly at it ; at the construction ofthe building.Incidentally this would give pleasureto the many men whose lives and whoseforefathers* lives have been devotedsolely to the Theatre, and who there- fore have more of the Theatric in themthan anyone whose Home it isr not.Anything less Theatric falls short,that's the worst of it. and this iswhat too often happens when youngdraughtsmen from even the best artschools, even one so talented as wasFragonard, and as are a few otherstoday, attempt to assume the Theatricair; for then what was an ordinaryand natural Theatrical position in thoseof the family becomes a rather affectedpose known as the n Artistic 11-n Thea- trical w.Nowadays there must be at leasteight hundred draughtsmen of talentdiverting themselves and exercising theirtalent by pretending to be theatre men.I mean it in no unkind spirit, but most of these men could do far better werethey to stop over-decorating our stages,over 11 producing n and under stage- managing on them and turn once moreto their drawing.If there be one or two who, beingreally entirely devoted to the theatre,must work near it, if never in it, theirtask is clear, and consists, to my mind,in depicting clearly, exactly, curiously,grandly, or however they will, thebuildings which we call theatres, ....making records of the whole and theparts of those buildings, the exterior,the interior, front, side, back, from faroff as part of the street or piazza, fromnear by showing some particular andpeculiar detail. That would be reallyuseful to everyone and such drawingswould be valuable as documents in thefuture, and, if the man has talent,valuable as works of art now and forever. (i) Js it a change for the worse 9 some t&gt;laywriters seem to think so : theycomplain because we concern ourselveswith the appearance of things. Must wethen, to please them better, pass on to theirconcern the writing of plays 9 Wemight fail: shall we try to succeed 9Would that cause less complaint 9 .... ormore 9 MARTIAL WE had in Paris somewhere about1863 a certain M. Martial. With grace and with precision (hewas no great man) he etched all theimportant places of the several Arron- dissements : it might be a Theatre of1789 or a house where some DramaticPoet had lived in 1670 \ he jotteddown with care the facts about theplaces as conscienciously as he didthose of some ancient Hotel in whichsome Emperor had dwelt in 1564.M. Martial was not another Mey- ron, but he was a very good etcherand an exact draughtsman, who lookedcarefully at Theatres and saw whatthere was to record. Except for afew interiors he seems to have confi- ned himself to drawing the outsides.His plate of 1863 showing us fourTheatres, the Theatre Historique builtby Dumas pere, the Theatre Imp£-riale, the Theatre des Folies Drama- tiques and La Gait 6,... what could bebetter ? His plate (1839) of theTheatre St Marcel,... what more iswanted ? I know of no one else whohas troubled to show us precisely whatthat Theatre once looked like.... maybe you had never heard its name. HAVELL. IN England a little earlier, in 1826,Mr Daniel Havell was engraving somefourteen of the London playhouses,with a care and a charm which is asa rule in England reserved only fordepicting churches and lordly man- sions. Others besides Havell now andagain gave time to our little house,but only now and again.So you see that there have been afew men who thought it delightful andworth while even in that strange earlypart of the nineteenth century to de- vote themselves to the careful recor- ding of the details of the exteriors ofTheatres, without being swayed by apassing fit of curiosity and a burst ofegoism to push through and see themanager and get a job on the stage ;and it would be a charming thing tofind a few men of today interestedwith such a task,—and as free fromthe desire to venture further. CALLOT. ;\JOW for a master,—and it's a mas-I N ier who counts.... Jacques Callot.You see engravings of his stage work ?Tut! he never did stage work.Besides doing marvellous things withBattles, Armies, Cities, people cif rank,he flies over and over again to theTheatre.—But not to meddle with thestage, never that; he was too muchof a swagger fellow to meddle; but torecord what his friend Giulio Parigithe scenic man is doing, or to showwhat a playhouse looked like in thosedays, and what the actors lookedlike, that he felt he might venture on.He is particularly well-bred, and so healways avoided fancying he could teachactors how to stand better than Parigi(l)and the stage manager and experiencewere teaching them; he sticks, verysportsmanlike, to his needle and hiscopper plate, and with this dart andbuckler he attacks and records thefacts and incidentally lives for ever.For while everything he ever did istouched with genius, nothing he everdid holds more of that genius than hisdearly doved theatre records.Now you who read this may be aMartial or a Havel!, or, wonder ofwonders, a second Callot;—but youwill be less than the least of the threeif, born to draw and born with theusual man's love of the Theatre, (andthat's other than a talent for the stage)you follow the passing fashion, desertyour fine talents and blunder into ourgarden.If you love our garden enough to make some records of it, we shall betouched, and rest your true and faithfulfriends, and shall find it a pleasantthing to record in cur own way thatyou possessed grace.This stage of ours is without doubta place worth recording and we willopen our gate to you and give youthe run of the place, Gentlemen.And, in years to come, your namewill so be often on the lips of thosewho love fine drawings and those whoadore the Theatre (I). TRULY UNHAPPY IS THEMAN WHO LEAVES UN- DONE WHAT HE CAN DO,AND UNDERTAKES WHAT HEDOES NOT; NO WONDER HECOMES TO GRIEF.GOETHE.OA' TRULY GREAT GENIUSWILL BE THE FIRST TOPRESCRIBE LIMITS FOR ITSOWN EXERTIONS.BROUGHAM.OA MAN HEARS ONLY WHATHE UNDERSTANDS.GOETHE. (i) It was tinder Parigi he studiedand he had every excuse, had he consentedto avail himself of it, to tell himself thathe could « raise the Theatre until it wasfull of beauty and strength and wisdom »as a young draughtsman wrote me onlylast week he was studying to do, (r) Whether all actors of today knowof the existence of Callot is not thequestion all who truly love the thea- tre do know himy for all to whom theTheatre means more than what can begot out of it take the trouble to look forits friends. NOTES ON A JOURNEY BY FRANCOIS M. FLORIAN. I have just been visiting Roma, Milano, Paris and Lon- don. I did pass a day in Manchester, but as my timein England was limited to fourteen days I thought it bestto stay no longer in what struck me as quite the noisiestcity on earth after Geneva.And London is the most tranquil.n Are we growing excitable ? Tl was the heading ofthe leader in one journal the week or day after the fracasat the Wembly stadium.... and I wished I could reply toLondon at large. 17 Not growing, you always were R.There has arisen a certain false idea about the calmof the English. It is supposed to be natural. The truthis that the English is quite the most excitable race onearth ; and, knowing this, it is obliged to assume apretended calm which is quite foreign to its nature.1 was at Wembly and I round myself reminded oftwo immense crowds which lately packed Roma : the oneon the day Mussolini entered and became Head of theGovernment, and the other on the day Princess Yolandebecame a bride. But there was this difference. The En- glish crowd was closer packed, heavier ; and it seemed alittle rougher.The days when Mussolini entered Roma and thePrincess was wedded, there was not the faintest suggestionof panic or disorder. Nothing had broken down, to judgefrom the crowd. It did not push, smash or get out ofcontrol for a moment. No policemen, mounted or unmoun- ted, had to be called up to restore order. Everyone wasin great excitement, but everyone controlled himself. Noone was still or calm, but no groups hustled or pushed.No one had taken anyone's place; that, in an Italiancrowd, is out of the question ; the streets in Roma areeveryone's property and nothing at all self-opinionated everlives there over halt a minute. Everyone in the street isglad to see everyone else there, and utterly indifferent too.Quite natural fine manners control these Italian crowds of50,000 in Roma just as they do in some parts of the east.In my land, but I am always too near to see init anything but perfection—a crowd in the Place de laConcorde will joke possibly a little too much ; but thenwe seldom have such gatherings as the glorious WemblyPark Cup Tie Final, and never any Princesses marrying,and of late no Dictators. We live and let live, and enjoyanything odd and fantastic.And that is, perhaps, why Wembly Park gave mesuch a thrill—and hew it was that I came to see thatyou English are far more excitable people au fond thanwe Latins.OAND I visited some playhouses. Here I really wasdisappointed. Not with the players. Your come- dian Sir Gerald du M&amp;urier seemed to me a very finishedactor ; if I may say so, almost a Victorian actor.I had noticed one day standing on the steps of, Ithink, the Edmund Kean Club (1) a very handsome figureof a somewhat aged mas, yet a man whose upright figureand curiously alert head struck me as remarkable. 51 Who is that ? n I asked after I had gone by. R Bancroft,—Squire Bancroft R said my friend. Rls he an actor ? RI asked in utter ignorance. R I should think he is R he re- plied. R Tell me about him, R I implored. But my friendis one of those charming Englishmen who know everybodyand everything but yet who hesitate when asked for in- formation about anything and anyone.f? There's a book of Memoirs bv him R he was soonsaying. n Its name ? R I pleaded,—but its name hadescaped him, We parted and I went into a bookshopin Whitehall and asked for and was able to buy thevery book.And, that same evening, I went to see Sir Gerald duMaurier act and to take notice of the quiet demeanour ofhis audience. They and he seemed to me just what Ihad been reading of all day in Mr. Bancroft's book (1). Thetwo words which seem to me to describe this book andSir Gerald du Maurier are R Victorian R, n seriousness. R1 cannot recall any two men in any other ContinentalTheatre who have taken themselves and every detail oftheir career with so much seriousness—and this possiblyaccounts for the wrapt attention of the audience at theWyndham Theatre. To take oneself seriously is not sopermissible in a Parisian as in a Londoner;— in Italy itis not dreamed of—in Germany not 4 ausgeschlossen andI find it very exhilerating and original. Another play- house I visited was the Lyric Opera House "in Ham- mersmith where I should have enjoyed the delightfulR Beggars' Opera 51 possibly more had I seen it earlier inthe run. But my excitable Englishmen were so familiarwith it that they could barely wait till a tune was endedand a joke cracked to applaud very loudly and to laughvery merrily.I found no less excitable people at R The ImmortalHour, R a piece I must admit I could not entirely follow.My Sunday should, I am told since, have been spentout of London at the Hampton Palace, but I was notwarned in time so I spent Sunday in London.It is an experience I never want to enjoy again, be- cause on Sunday all excitement seems suddenly to desertthese highly strung people, and a stranger would be ledto suppose, by the gloom and the odd stillness whichprevails, that something terrible was about to happen. It isonly when Monday morning comes that one realizes thatsomething terrible has happened.—A day has been lost.And on the Monday I had to to Paris. I de- cided to enter my own city like a stranger. I dined thatevening at the passable Restaurant des Beaux Arts in theRue Bonaparte, and after dinner I strolled up to the Cafein the Place Saint Germain des Pr£s. There are fouror five cafes there, so what I have to tell will not offendany—since all cannot be the one I visited.I sat awhile, and then, wondering what I should do,I decided to go to the Theatre du Vieux Colombier whereM. Copeau always has „R the latest things, n as you En- glish say. But before going I must admit I needed to feelthat my intention was as good (and as English) as I sup- posed it to be. So I called the waiter, and feigning an execrable French I asked him, could he tell me of anytheatre,—any theatre, I emphasized—within walking [dis- tance of his caf£. n There are none n he answered, andwent inside.n So the Vieux Colombier is not what a waiter callsa Theatre, n I thought ; and his decision decided me:I would not go—it is only a stone's throw from the place,but since the waiter doesn't count it as a Theatre, andas his decision would haunt me if I went, I will give inas a Foreigner would,—l will admit that no Theatre isnear—I will smoke another cigar, and go home to my flat.Once home I spent the evening thinking over mytravels.Roma had had dramatic surprises in the streets.—Mi-!ano dramatic performance in the R Scala. n—London,ever charming, had thoroughly roused and pleased me, andnow I was home, and M. Copeau's Theatre no theatre.For the first time in my life I began to considerMo Copeau ; but what conclusion I came to about himand his no-theatre I must tell you in my next article.London, Roma, and Milano. The first two are homes—I had almost slipped and written hot-beds—of the aristo- cracy. Milano is the merchant town.—I was told in Mi- lano that the new Scala is pretty well supported by thesegentlemen. It showed well when I was there. Signor To- scanini is admittedly a very great artist, and he has been placed at the head of a very efficient company. Well, thataccounts for Milano.In Roma I was told that the aristocracy do very littleto support anything—and that Politics have now taken theplace of other entertainments, and to talk politics involveshaving to dress and go out to dine with one another, andthat this is the most enjoyable of all dramatic pastimes,—this and card-playing.As I do not play cards, and dislike to hear the wordPolitics—or to utter it—I left Roma after six days, wentto Milano, and returned to Roma for the unforgettablemarriage celebrations of the Princess Yolande. And now if you ask me, n is there a theatre near Eu- rope ? R I must like the waiter in the cafe in the Place StGermain reply R not one. 11 My trip has been all enchant- ment— everywhere I found good friends, perfect railwayaccomodation, good food and a cheery good nature aroundEurope :—but a Theatre—not one.I admit I had no time to see the Kamerny Company.It was visiting Berlin or Madrid at' the moment. ThatCompany, from all I hear, is a 1923 Theatre.Is a 1923 Theatre a Theatre ? This I will discuss inmy next, but one, article. (i) M* Plorian possibly means the Garrick Club, for toaur knowledge no Edmund Kean Club exists. Ed. (i) Sir Squire was knighted after the book had appeared,which accounts for this slight slip by M, Pierian* Ed- INCORRECT. BY THE EDITOR. J. S. THERE are a mighty number of careless statementsbeing made today. This is nothing peculiar to thecentury. But what is peculiar to it is, that there are manymore books and journals today than formerly which find itwell to print these statements as though they were thetruth—and worth the type-setter's pains.Whether this wholesale chatter dignified to the pointof being called n fact n does real harm to our modernworld in general is not our concern ; where it affects theTheatre it is: so we propose to do something towardsremedying it; and we want you, our readers, to helpin this.We expect most of our readers are able to discernthese errors, and it is on these we count; and they willhave seen how most of the statements made with suchgrave assurance about our New* Movement are all non- sense.Here are some examples of what we mean. Theyare taken from four sources: Books. Lectures. Journals.Idle Talk. I. A BOOK IN n The Little Theatres in the United States n by Cons- tance D'Arcy Mackay the author states (1) :n The initial idea of the 4 Little Theatre ' came to usfrom Europe. Its inception goes back to 1887 when thefirst small experimental theatre was established in Paris byAndre Antoine. nThis is incorrect. Even if the first Little Theatreheard of by America was Antoine's theatre, it was yetnot the first. In Europe,... in Paris as well as in Italyand Germany, experiment has been unceasing. 7 here weredozens of little Theatres in Paris a century or so be- fore 1887.Again, (page 4) n A critic has recently said, n writesMiss Mackay, that " the Little Theatre is the one thingthat has happened in the history of the stage in the last35 years; 15 and she adds to this, n Indeed, the whole* new art * of the modern stage, lighting, colour, siyliza- tion, synchronization, has been made possible through thelittle Theatre, without the impetus of the Little Theatrethere would probably have been no Gordon Craig, noStanislawsky, no Reinhardt, n etc.This is incorrect.The Little Theatre is not 4 the one thing ' that hashappened in the history of the European stage in the last35 years. Neither do we think it the one thing which hashappened in America.The whole new art,—lighting, colour, stylization, etc,was not made possible in Europe by the Little Theatre.The existence of Gordon Craig, Stanislawsky andReinhardt is not due to the Little Theatre:... True itmay be that Stanislawsky and Reinhardt began their workin and for Little Theatres, but not so Gordon Craig.One of the facts she does not state is that Stanislawskywas a wealthy man when he opened his Little Theatre.... it was not therefore quite the same as Antoine's ventureor Reinhardt's. Gordon Craig has never, by the way, hada theatre of his own. That also is never stated. Oneimagines by some of these books that he, like Antoine,Stanislawsky and Reinhardt, found his countrymen eagerabout experiment.... They were not.Speaking further on of Gordon Craig's n Screens nMiss Mackaye says they are of plain cream c010ur.... anddoes not qualify the statement.This also is incorrect, for his patent does not limit themto this.On page 150 she refers the reader to Mr Huntly Car- ter's book on n The Theatre of Max Reinhardt, n whereshe says a full description of n how Mr Craig came tooriginate this type of scenery n is to be found.This is incorrect, for how Mr Craig came to originatehis R Screens n has not been fully described anywhere;but the best words on the matter are naturally to be foundin his own writings in n The Mask n and in w Towardsa New Theatre. nWriting of Professor Reinhardt Miss Mackay says onpage II : n In Sumurun he showed how costume effectscould be marvellously heightened by the use of scenerywithout perspective. For with all his allegiance to themodems, Max Reinhardt is first and foremost a superbcolourist, decorative rather than analytical, n and soforth.Nov/ how long, shall we have to continue to tell ourfriends,... writers and critics.... in the New Movement thatProfessor Max Reinhardt is just a first-class director of agood commercial play-house, and a good actor, but not anartist at all, not a H colourist n, and creates nothing.Miss Mackay says on page 243 that the Little Theatreof Denver failed. To publish this statement, by itself, in1917, was incorrect. It first failed, and then in 1915 itpicked up again and n has now, (1917) been in existencetwo seasons and has prospered in good plays n (1). A SECOND BOOK AN old professor of some University in Columbia wri- ting in an influential but half-asleep journal, about thework of some wide-awake and influential stage-manager,says, n There is no fear that his admirable principleswill prevail. w—This, after these principles have entirelywon out. €J It is a custom with some writers of books on theTheatre to class Reinhardt, Appia, Antoine, Jessner, Craig,and a few others, together. All five are not only utterlydifferent, but do different tasks. This careless classifica- tion creates a confusion in the minds of the readers, andthey pass along the confused nonsense to others. II. LECTURES. A young man, possibly 38 years of age, but somewhatof a beginner in the Theatre, gets a hearing beforea London audience and asserts solemnly that C....'. de- signs for scenes are exaggeratedly large and could not pos- sibly be put on any stage. He is one of the pushful newcomers, and some of his work, bad as it is, is formed tosome extent on the study of C....\ work. This fact should teach him to observe truth when making statementsabout his benefactor,(2) Another, about the same age, asserts that w C....is no longer really interested in the Theatre. He thinkshe is, but he isn't. nHe is one of the men, oddly enough, C. .. has alwayssingled out as one of the few English scenic men worthconsidering, and there are about eighteen to twenty.(3; An English play-writer and producer of plays, ina Lecture delivered April Bth 1919 at the Royal Societyof Arts in London, asserted that, n Mr has pro- duced few plays (fortunately, perhaps, for his methodsof production would destroy the Dramatist and obliteratethe Actor) ; he has invented no system of lighting whichcan be used with advantage (!)—and most of his scenedesigns are unrealizable (2) on the stage; if you recallhis drawings you will find he requires a proscenium 120feet high (3), where an average height in theatres is 20 to25 feet (4). «These statements are incorrect.(4) A professor of Cambridge University, England,lecturing in Manchester at the International Exhibition ofTheatre Art, made several incorrect assertions, He wasinstantly taken to task by a Lieutenant in the British Navy.This put error to the right about, and one has toadmire the quick acknowledgement made by this professor(Columbia University, please copy), of his error, which heshowed was quite unintentional. The point is that someonewas alert to correct error, and that the Cambridge Pro- fessor had the good grace to put things right. (ColumbiaUniversity, again copy). III. JOURNALS. (1) ]\/|R Granville Barker, who, one could have sup- -IVJL posed, was aware that, in the success of theInternational Exhibition of Theatre Art, a good step hadbeen taken towards a better Theatre for England, whilestarting to praise what was being then received with around of heartiest applause, soon broke off and began tofind fault with the models as being incorrectly made—outof scale.He went out of his way to find this fault, for it didnot exist.When someone pointed this out to him, he did notshow the least sign of regret,... Won't do, Harley!(2) Mr Israel Zangwili, as chairman at a banquetgiven to Mr Grein (who will be remembered as being oneof the first to be instrumental in bringing over an excellentcompany of German actors to England, in being helpfulabout Sir Herbert Tree's visit to Berlin, and several othersimilar stage exploits), is reported to have said that he was " indifferent, or even hostile " to the mise-en-sc£ne men,(i. e. the Reinhardts, Stanislawskys, Antoines and others),because mise-en-sc£ne was solely concerned with surfacematters.He then failed to point out that this was good, andsome one had to write on behalf of these mise-en-sc&amp;nemen to the " Manchester Guardian n and explain the obvious:i. e. that outward and visible signs were to make evidentthe inward and spiritual grace of the noble Dramas of MrZangwill and his confreres.Sit down, Zangwill, or rise with a better grace andnobler thoughts about those who can be of the utmost ser- vice to your line dramas, and have been serving drama foryears—doing nothing else.(3) In the "Glasgow Herald " (1922), a column ofnotice on the International Exhibition of Theatre Art wasspoiled by whoppers. Here are some of them."Mr (an Englishman) has somehow acquiredin the public mind a wide-spread reputation as a pioneerin the Art of the Theatre. He is entirely a dreamer. "(First whopper).11 So far as his designs go, almost all of them fail com- pletely to satisfy the first simple condition of practicality."(Second whopper).Of another artist, an American: " His designs for" The Cenci " are striking on paper, but it is doubtful ifanything like the same effect can be achieved in practise."(Third whopper).There were about eight more tarradiddles, but we won'ttire you with reprinting them here." The Glasgow Herald " is a grand old journal, (it'sProprietor and Editor opened the Glasgow Theatre Exhi- bition, by the way,) and it should not allow itself to beimposed on by writers eager to detract from good Britishwork. There are four or five influential papers far too fullof such intentional or unintentional misstatements.We hope we shall not be obliged to point out whichjournals and reprint the misstatements. IV. LOOSE TALK. THE loose talk is of two kinds: that which is merelymischievous, ....the idle tattle of those who wish alwaysto seem to be informed, to be " in the know ,f and there- fore talk carelessly themselves and circulate careless rumoursabout important workers in the Movement and about eventsin the Movement itself: and there is the malicious talkof those unhappy creatures who, ever since Pope's dayhave not ceased toDamn with faint praise, assent with civil leer,And without sneering teach the rest to sneer ;Willing to wound, and yet afraid to strike,Just hint a fault, and hesitate dislike.But with this vast mob and its leaders we really can- not concern ourselves. You, our readers, (some of ourreaders....) can, and we hope you will never let anoccasion slip. It helps to keep things lively.We have given these examples out of very many inour possession If the errors are made through ignorance, thenall is well ...and all the critics and public need do is todemand sharply that, before making statements about thestage, and its workers and representatives the writers andspeakers should sharpen their wits at least until they becomecorrect. If through malice, then something is rotten in thestate of England. They have rather too ugly a look. That they are utterances of men whose lamps are dim,who are sick, may be true. One should, and we could,forgive such a failing for such a reason.But we do not intend to, because the Theatre maysuffer through if, let alone the men who are daily workingfor its sake.But there is the remedy for much of this loose state- ment and talk which is such a curse to all endeavour, andyou can help us to apply it.When you read something of the kind which strikesyou as a huge big lie, enquire into it, and immediatelycombat the person who is spreading the lie; be it an ac- cidental or a deliberate lie the result is the same.Especially to every artist do we address ourselves.Fight the battles for the other artists and they will fightfor you. Fail to do this, and you must not wonder ifthe others do not respond in your time of need.There is no call to discuss Art; leave Art out of thequestion, for it has nothing to do with it.Go for the liars who would sneakingiy cheat us outof the one thing we know our best men can do, write plays,produce plays, act plays.If the friend you stand up to protect can't write, pro- duce or act a play, admit it ; don't lie about it. Seewhat it is they say he can't do which he can do, andthen show the critter who said he couldn't no mercy.A practical v/ord. Don't write long letters to papers.When writing, have your letter typed out and keep onecopy of it, sending the other to the paper in which youwant it published. When sending it, enclose what is calleda " covering letter ", (a private and quite formal one) tothe Editor of whatever journal you write to. Let thisconsist of live lines at most, to ask if he will have thecourtesy to allow you space in his journal for the accom- panying letter. (He often wont have that courtesy—hemore often will.)Don't write often, but when you write be sure of yourfacts, and then hit hard.Don't bother about the words. If you can't writepretty sentences, thank ycur stars and go ahead and writewhat is better—sense, and in as few words as possible.But get your facts correct.You will make some enemies by this, but you willbind your friend to you, your friend who is worth a hun- dred such enemies.When fifty friends shall act in this v/ay for each ether,our Theatre we all care about so much will be nearer byten thousand days than it is today.That it is still rather far off today is mainly becauseof this failure on your part to attack for your friend's sakeand his work's sake.We know the excellent type of man who, rather thanfight for a friend, will lie low and say nothing,... and thus,by siding with all sides, will make no enemies. JosephSurface was not unlike him. " Every body in the worldspeaks well of him " says Sir Peter Teazle, to which oldOliver, that real little Englishman, replies, " 1 am sorry tohear it; he has too good a character to be an honestfellow. Every body speaks well of him! Psha ! then hehas bowed as low to knaves and fools as to the honestdignity of genius and virtue ".Some people will not appreciate Sheridan's English at- titude—we rather like it.And lastly, remember this: that your best friends inthe Theatre are not those with whom you share a lunch,but they who have shared their work between you all. (i) Henry Holt Co, New York, igij. (1) Hie Insurgent Theatre, T. Dickenson, 1917. (1) The speaker here forgot the words «by me ».(2) The speaker again forgot the words «by me ».(3) I have lately been curious, wrote a stage-worker to uslately, «to measure Mr ' designs as given in his bookof forty drawings&lt; and find that even measured literally thescene is never more than nine times the height of the drama- tic figure, and in the 7najority of drawings the proportion isvery much less (except in the case of two drawings which theauthor says are inte7ided more as book illustratio7is ».(4) The speaker was dreaming his little dream• Measure theaverage of twelve well known theatres: Adelphi, 37 ft. Alham- bra, 40 ft. Charing Cross, 28 ft. Britannia, 38 ft. Co7nedyt28 ft. Covent Garden. 38 ft. Drury Lane, 41 ft. Efnpire,36 ft. Lyceum, 38 ft. Savoy, 35 ft. Parag 071, 34 ft. Hay mar- ket, 24 ft. the average comes to 34 ft, 7101 20 or 23 ft. (Wequote measurements from Buckle, 1888). THE PENNY GAFF.THE "BAD MANNERS" OF THEGALLERY BOYS. Miss Marie Tempest came back toLondon a few months since aftera long absense and produced a playwhich, according to several critics, wasff shocking n, n dreadful, n and, accordingto the gallery boys, was n Rotten. nMr St. John Ervine, gallant as ever,attempted to prove in fl The Obser- ver n that the gallery boys were wrongto shout out n rotten n ; and that,Miss Tempest being present, the boysshould have yelled out n divine. nBut who was it brought the play toLondon ? The boys evidently thoughtit was Miss Tempest's offering tothem.... and would do anything soonerthan deceive Miss Tempest.They love Miss Tempest—whodoesn't ? Just as the gallery girls loveSir Martin Harvey, and the roughand tumble pit of the old days lovedMrs Glover and Mr Charles Kean.But love is like that, if it be sincere;and to expect the pit and gallery toturn on an insipid politeness whichwould be quite unnatural to them isto expect the fire to turn into water.If a celebrated manager, actor oractress offers rubbish to us, the Gal- lery is within its rights to call itrubbish.... and to call clearly. Ma- dame Eleonora Duse has been, in thelast twelve years or so, howled downby the house,... not from any disrespectfor her powers, nor because the Italianaudience is n brutal, n but because shetoo has stooped to inadequately bolsterup a few rubbishy plays. Mr. Er- vine refers to the Italian audiences asbrutal. This is because' he does notknow them. They are not brutal, norhypocritical, nor like rice pudding.They are intelligent beyond all other audiences. They laugh at sentimenta- lity whether it parade on the stage orin the stalls, and they laugh at fineactresses who attempt clumsily to smuggle rubbish across the footlights andsell it for a high price.Fine actresses should not do this;and when they do so, the gallerydislikes it ; for it prefers to see a fineactress in a fine play by a goodauthor.The London Gallery has this timebeen wrongly censured, Unless theTheatre has become a private housewhy should stalls and circles be ' anxiousto do honour' to an actress who bringsus a play which Mr Eryine describes as* dreadful * ? To applaud would havebeen to set the seal of London publicapproval on rubbish—a thing doneweek by week by those who mistakethe parterre for their private drawingroom. Yet, when the gallery showscourage, everyone lisps n What badmanners! n A good deal more ofsuch n bad manners n and our EnglishTheatre might be purged of the sixthratetheatricals which an artificial public nowbooms as first-rate.... for such "badmanners " are not bad manners at all.A damn bad play is bad manners....the presumption in the stalls is badmanners.To stop the gallery from its ancientprivilege of honest expression of dis- like of a vile play and wild enthus- iasm for a good one is to ask the gal- lery to capitulate. The stalls applaudyou to your face, Miss Tempest, andthen go and tear you to pieces behindyour back. Is that what you like ?No, any day you prefer the true ringof the voice of the gallery, its scorneven..,, for it has often offered youits enthusiasm and will do so again ifyou do not join in the treason of rui- ning the stage to gain some private ends at the expense of the liberty ofpublic expression, HERE is an idea for the n Chel- sea Art Buns " as a flippantyoungster in the King's Road callsthe students there.If it be difficult to find a Galleryin which to exhibit your pictures, getthe local authorities to let you rig upsomething like the above sign-postacross the King's Road—not too farfrom the Six Bells.You could hang up somte 24 largecanvasses,... and since " The Times, "n Morning Post n and ff Observer "will see that some one is on the spotto forbid the audience on the tops ofthe busses to be at all expressive either for or against anything—you oughtto be able to have an exemplary exhi- bition.... and the pictures could becovered with a curtain on Sundays.In Paris they do something very muchlike this: and so they do anywhereand everywhere save where an Englishgroup is allowed to find it n irregular. n TO SILENCE A CAT-CALL. 'THERE are some rather dull indi-A viduals who, when Mr GordonCraig's work is under discussion, seemunable to do anything but reecho withoutceasing that cat-call, " Craig wants todestroy the actor n,We therefore reprint these wordsof his from " The Mask January1914, Vol. VI, No. 3, which quitesufficiently answer and refute them.n I announced (1) the return ofthe Über-Marionette or Idol, and the exodus of the actor from the Theatre,and I repeat it.... the Über Marionnetteis inevitable. The actor of sense willunderstand me. He knows. He is ofmy family. No particular of my pro- gramme excludes him, even if it reor- ganizes many of his present duties andprovides for all accidents waiting toscare him. When the time comes hisplace is secure ".lf there be one of the said indi- viduals who has recovered his wits,let him, then, try a new cry:" Craig wants to awaken the actor n. (i) " On the Art of the Theatre1905-191 /. BOOK REVIEWS THE CHINESE THEATRE byTchoi)-kia-kten I illustrated by A.Jacovleff: John Lane. Price twenty- one shillings net.THIS particular book on n TheChinese Theatre 8 is, for a num- ber of reasons, quite one of the mostimportant books on Theatricals issuedfor a long time.—Important becauseauthoritative and brief, and because itstates quite clearly that that thing we Callthe human element is excluded as muchas possible from the whole business :—important, for it emphasizes howgreat is the discipline which their goodactors have to undergo :—importantbecause the tradition is very faithfullykept in China ; because ail trifling rea- lities such as doors, chariots, horses,boats, threads, stones and such-like8 properties 8 are excluded, insteadof this, the actor must pretend to beopening a door, pretend to be ridingin a chariot, pretend* to be mounting ahorse or steering a boat? pretend tobe twisting a thread or throwing astone, and must pretend as perfectly aspossible,... must abide by the traditio- nal way of pretending, so that we8 feel the flowing waters and the rock- ing of the boat, B—we8—we 8 see thehorse 8 that is not there. The authortells us this is so.The artist who draws us some fiftyinteresting pictures of the actor at workshows us that, on the other hand,other 8 properties 8 are lavishly em- ployed. He shows us actors makingup with grease paint,... not to makethemselves look like the Chinese folkwe meet every day in the Pekihstreets but to look precisely unlikethem,—to look like persons in theTheatre world, an unreal world.In England we show in some play(say by Sir. A, W. Pinero) a man and awoman who are pretending to be some- one else—some other natural beings,some every-day beings,... the man inthe street, we call him ; the woman inthe street, we call her.This playful, vain endeavour has not appealed to the Chinese mind...the Chinese Finero.... the Chinese whoseworks of art are so superb, so fault- less,—whose Theatre is, I dare say,as faultless. I was never there.And how is this at all surprising ?*—What is rather more surprising tomany of us is that which we do in anEnglish Theatre and dream it to be awork af art.—What dreamers, whatunpractical folk we English are.... wenatural people pretending to be na- tural,... is it not the acme of idiocy.If we pretend, the very last we shouldpretend is nature, and the very lastthing we should pretend to be is natural.The work has been well printed byKapp of Paris. It costs twenty-one shil- lings; some of the drawings are in themsel- ves worth the twenty-one shillings. Thatof the 8 Actress in the part of an ac- cused woman before the Tribunal 8 isa serious, fine thing. I look at it and8 Indeed, indeed it has taken disciplineto come to this 8 I find myself saying.It was a relief to find that the au- thor omits to even mention that 8 pro- perty man 8 or R prompter 8 who was asensation to the yokels of Londonwhen 8 The Yellow Jacket 8 (a niceparody of the Chinese way) was per- formed there. To giggle at him—tofind him so clever— as was done atthat time, was to proclaim aloud thatour theatre-goers had become 5i11y,... orhad never been anything else. Just somight a Zulu stand agape before thebrass-buttoned peak-capped custodianswho are on duty in our National Gal- lery, and forget to look at the pic- tures there.The Chinese use masks—paintingtheir faces to seem like masks,—muchdepending on the way the paintingis done.The paints, some dozens of them,are in pots and stand on cast-iron hea- ters : some forty paint-brushes,—onefor each colour—are used for layingthe paint on. Bright intense colours areused: also black, brown and white.Incomprehensible is such a theatreto some of our English critics. Onesuch wrote, relative to this very book,8 It leaves one, on the whole, withthe impression that the Chinese Thea- tre is a very infantile affair 8. Thatit is understood by many millions ofChinese is only evidence to such criticsthat the Chinese nation is an ass,... orat any rate, rather queer. That it is,at any rate, reverenced by many Eu- ropean critics, goes without saying.The Arts must vary in many oftheir moods—and ways—all over theearth; but there are some firm princi- ples underlying each art, and, if notlearnt and held to by a nation, that nation can count its arts as pretty welldamned..., till it choose to relearn therules.There is always time to learn—andthere are always men prepared touphold a grand tradition.That in the Arts too many people ofour English nation will always willinglyswear to abide faithful for ever and everto a petty tradition and giggle andgrimace before a grand one, is rathertoo terrible a subject to dwell 0n....But to go on, to advance, and toestablish a grand tradition of our ownwe need not first hark back to 400 B. C.and ape the ways of Greece, or goback to 712 A. D. and affect Chi- noiserie.... All we need to do is tobe true to first principles, not false tothe Theatre because it pays better tobe true to Sir James SobstufF or MissQuibble.We want Drama, not baby-talkplays signifying nothing. SCENES AND MACHINES ONTHE ENGLISH STAGE DURINGTHE RENAISSANCE: A Classi- cal Revival, by Lily B. Campbell.Cambridge University Press 1923.(15 illustrations, pp. Xf 302)Price /5/—.HISTORY being so often the de- light of elderly men, I supposethat in time I shall also come to seeHistory as they see it. But at presentI am all for shorter Histories. I amfor cutting out all talk in Histories.I would make little of much insteadof much of little. And, this virtuousintention in my head, I popped intothe Biblioteca Reale today just to seewhether there were any short histo- ries. I found a history of Italy in 42volumes. Weil, Italy is a big subject;f can let the 42 volumes pass; suchbrevity seems almost divine. But itwas theatre books I was after. I call- ed for some relating to one section ofthe stage work of the past. ...on sce- neries. They brought me 8 La Sce- nografia n, a small but fat book ofabout 325 pages with about 165 plates.I began to give my morning to this.1 found a number of facts put downwhich were correct; almost as manywhich were not correct, some 30 to40 incorrect dates and a fair amountof waste letter-press. After threehours at this book I went home. 8 Itis not so that I will write Historywhen I come to it w I promised myself.This was before lunch. After lunchI was toying with Miss Campbell'sbook n Scenes and Machines 8 and Ifelt far less virtuous : I had to writethis review; and I thought, * Well now, if ever 1 come to write a Hi- story Book on one branch of Thea- trical Craftsmanship may the Godsgrant that I do my work half as wellas this lady has done hers Not thatit is faultless, only mine would havetwice as many faults ... differen faults.I would try not to take 60 pagesto show what could be revealed in 16.I would take eight to ten years orlonger over my first book. I wouldmake an Index to it which should bereally perfect. I would not mix uppeople just because they were calledby the same name; and unless I hadvery serious proofs I would state no- thing as a fact which might later onprove to be all fancy.As for illustrations, I should be fas- tidiously careful,And the only fault 1 can possiblyfind with Miss Campbell's book is thatan illustration or two might have beenbelter chosen ; and the index is notquite correct, and the names now andagain wrong, and some of the state- ments a little rash.That said, the book is delightful,and certainly proves that n scenery wasfrom the beginning of ihe revival ofthe classical drama in Italy regardedas an accepted part of dramatic pro- duction B.What a strange world it is that westill ask for 312 close-printed pagesfrom a clever lady to prove that. Thatthere is need for another Moli&amp;re isclear. We have not advanced incommon-sense one step since 1673.We assemble in our wigs, gowns andspectacles with solemn faces, we sitdown in circles, we say Hullo Agate!and what ho Ervinef We nod toArcher, we open manuscripts, we forgetwhy we were born. Someone beginsto read; we listen; we feel awkward,so we protest. We contradict; werise up and storm: we cry out; ...allis in an uproar; ...all to prove that amouse is actually, was originally, andmay very seriously be supposed in thefuture to be, a mouse.But no one rises, reads, and dis- cusses more pleassantly or more ca- pably than the author of n Scenes andMachines n. She credits our InigoJones with far greater powers than hepossessed and we shall not grumbleat that. She is one of the first to talk tous of Sabbattini. She is gallant in herhopeless task, for her task is t© helpto convince an absolutely indifferentlot of nobodies that to dress even thegrandest of naked human forms, theDrama, is, anyhow, permissable, leadsto comfort and something more, anddoes not offend the eye. B No, no! n cry out the bewiggedacademicians, the learned duffers " no,no; ...the eye is a sensual agent: pluckout yours n, they howl; M ...pluck outyours ON "THE SITE OF THE GLOBEPLAYHOUSE OF SHAKE- SPEARE by George Hubbard. Cam- bridge University Press. 1923.Price7/6 A good and very cheap book of44 pages instead of a long andtedious one of 444 : ...what a delight!Who says that brevity is none of mybusiness, and that if there had been444 pages I should have been obligedto read each page? I reply I couldnot have read them.And there are twelve loose platesof plans of London, ...and here MrHubbard has again shown his wit bygiving us only bits of the plans andby enlarging those bits. All concen- trates on the matter he is concernedwith... the Globe Playhouse.The book is handsomely printedand finely bound and has a large pageof clear type.But what a jest! ... for our authorproves conclusively that we Londonershave a rare number of sheep walkingaround reading and talking aboutShakespeare and dressed up to look likestudents, doctors, learned men, poets.Do not the aforesaid sheep assemblein front of the Pothouse of MessersBarclay, Perkins and Co Ltd, and,with tears in their eyes and in trueemulation of the inaccuracy of theirdear Shakespeare, proclaim that hisTheatre stood where it never stood ?R It is, dear be—and - a—bo—hopfriends, a duty we owe not alone toour bo—and—a—hop selves but tothe memory of tb at great if ofteninaccurate Dramatist whom we alllove, ...I allude to none other thanMr. be—and—a—bo—hop WilliamShakespeare; it is, I say, dear bo—and—a—hop friends, our beholdenduty to erect here and now a—be—and—a—boo memorial tablet ... in thewrong spot 11.Thus will the speech run some dayin some farce entitled 11 The ThirteenWise Men of Gotham n.May I be sitting next Mr Hubbardon the first night. THE NO PLAYS OF JAPAN byArthur Waley. A. A. Knopfl JVei»York.THESE great plays.This great way of playing for agreat audience!There is nothing to be said in a brief review about this sort of thing*so good it is. But it is a blessing forus that Mr. Waley has translated allthese nineteen plays ard a farcical inter- lude, and has given us ten designs tohelp us to understand it all a littlebetter than we did. To understand itentirely one has to be born a Japaneseand be still living in Japan,—in thaiJapan which we suppose is still theJapan of the No-Drama.If that land be gone, if it be turnedinto a commercial affair instead of acountry, the B No w had better beswept away as soon as possible. Forthe n No w is the soul of Japan.What the n No H can be to us exceptsomething very sad, I, after many years*knowing of. it and knowing what itstood for, dare not trust myself to say,As a mere hint as to how we shouldproduce plays, it is futile. As a de- corative thing, it is worthless to us.Merely because it employs masks, itis, for us, nothing. Symbolical, I be- lieve. What of that, for us ? It dealswith heroes and great legends—wherelies the content, for us?In Italy, they will perhaps make,one day, something heroic from thecoming of Mussolini. But that, too,will take time. My friends who writeplays and act them are not the un- born babes of to-morrow. They areliving now. I cannot rejoice for themin the continued triumph of compro- misers in nearly all other governmentsexcept Italy's: nor in that yellow-greyspirit of compromise in so many lands,which creeps out like a fog, at justthat slow pace, and just that colour,to envelop the little great leaders asthey are making their non-committalspeeches. That is what my friendsthe play-writers and the actors have asmaterial to work on to-day. A richtheme of nothing, in which nobodiesdrift on and drift off the stage. Forsuch a Drama is not brought into exis- tence by any one perfect writer orany two: or in England Mr. MaxBeerbohm could give us our EnglishDrama, and Anatole France could sup- ply Paris.And when I turn from these w No Bplays of Japan, to listen to the toneof voice of him we call our great Aris- tophanes, 1 am staggered by the mild- ness of his laughter. Did he find thesituation only so mildly tragic that hecould be merely twinkling? Still, thatis better than being prettily senti- mental.I would willingly tell you the priceof this book, but there is no sign ofthe price on it, on its cover, or onthe case in which it is packed. Yet one would have thought that Mr. A.Knopf could ha&gt;e been called a prac- tical man. TWO GOOD BOOKS. THE THEATRE OF TO-MOR- ROW by Kenneth Macgowan. Boni&amp; Liveright, New York•CONTINENTAL STAGE CRAFTby Kenneth Macgowan and RobertEdmond Jones. Harcourt, Brace &amp;Co., NeV) York•Price Jive dollars each.GOOD books, obviously. Good inspirit, and of good measure. Thewriter, Mr. Macgowan, is the Editorof the w Theatre Arts Magazine n star- ted by Mr. Sheldon Cheney, and stillto the fore.R The Theatre ofTTo-morrowww isabout Theatre construction, Sceneries,Lighting and Plays: there are seventy- five excellent illustrations.One of the longest reviews of thisvolume which I came across was acolumn and a half in the n Observer nby Mr. St. John Ervine.... and itseemed to me to be a very unfair at- tack and seemed also to state that thebook was something it is not." The new stagecraft began withthe problem of the setting.—lt endswith the problem of the actor. B writesMr. Macgowan. Mr. Ervine writes,n One puts down Mr. Macgowan'sbook in the belief that the Theatre ofthe future is to be a combination ofcinema and waxworks, in which playswill, not be plays but a series of lime- light views, and actors will not be ac- tors but a collection of stuffed dolls, ifthey are even that... 11 and he conti- nues jeering at Mr. Macgowan anddisplaying the usual Ervine cynicism—an assumed cynicism by the way.That is detestable.... that is little Lon- don.... little, petty, and B superior. nErvine is presumably a very youngman, and when he storms at somethingdangerous to the stage he may do good,but to jeer at what is good, by mis- representing it, is a pity.Ervine is a writer of plays and adramatic critic. He attacks Mr. Mac- gowan's book because he fears some- thing.What can he fear ? It would seemthat he fears what a few other play- writers fear, and quite without anyreason. He seems to fear that someone might one day, before long, provethat the stage can do without the playconcocters. We do not think it needdo that, we hope it cannot, we like talk-plays as well as any ;—but attacksupon theatre men who are putting theirstages in order might some day causethem to put to the test an idea theyhad long ago put aside as somethingwhich could wait—and they might testwhether the serious stage can dispensewith play-writers more often than itdoes now. Attacks like Ervine's carryin them something to justify such anexperiment.While this book by Mr. Macgowanis not faultless, it is worth reading.It is not written to tell people thatplays are useless, actors to be damned,scenic folk to be anathematised, ap- plause to be strictly forbidden, womenswept off the boards, and Shakespearehonoured. It is written to show thatall these things and a hundred morecan all live side by side in a theatreif only the Ervines will be so kind asto put off their stage-papal manner, bea little quieter, and cease to imaginethey represent more than a local branchof an up-to-date section of a very an- cient art of which the plans exist.Ervine knows the Theatre as ill asdid Mr. Archer and Mr. BranderMatthews. None of these gentlemenhas ever taken the trouble to studythe nature of the Theatrical Art, whereasMr. Macgowan is studying it.We then come to the second book,to which I was glad to see Mr. A.B. Walkley gave more than a column'snotice in the n Times n.When one considers the pace atwhich this book was produced onemarvels. It is the work of five months.In ten weeks in Europe, the twoauthors saw sixty performances. Theyadmit it!.... and six would perhapshave revealed all that they needed toknow.There are a number of good things inthis volume. The forty sketches by Mr.Jones are all one wants—they could notbe more expressive,—one only wantsmore of them.The text is good, and not so good.It's good when it records what is beingdone:—not so good when it attemptsto explain why.There is rather too much about thepainters, and too much about Reinhardtand Jessner having done such and sucha play—which others do for them.If Mr. Macgowan has this fault tosome slight extent, he is not alone, andhe is far less to blame than some ofour Europeans who have taught himthis trick.Again, I cannot blame Mr. Mac- gowan for his historical inaccuracywhen he asserts that n the names of the flamboyant brothers Galli-Bibienaare the first great names to be metwith in the annals of scene-painting. BMr. Macgowan is, of course, quitewrong, for there were many great, ifnot greater names before that of Bi- biena, and Mr. Macgowan would havefound this out if only hi 3 publishershad not ordered him to be so quickabout his work..,. I do not doubtthis.And so I can but praise what isgood in the book. What is bad is inthe theatres of which this book is thereporter. It reports an exaggerated useof black velvet, spot-lights and gloom.But it reports very many good thingstoo, and it is in these the reader willbe interested. STUDIES IN THE CHINESEDRAMA by Kate Buss. Four SeasCo. Boston. U. S. A. Price 5dollars. I do not know when I have seen aprettier bound book than this, 6r abetter printed one. The illustrationsare first-class too. But it is not topraise these things at the expense of theauthor's work that I speak of themfirst.The book itself is excellent, and allwho are interested in this EasternTheatre will assuredly get a copy ifthey can; ,;.but as there were only1000 copies printed and the type isdistributed they must hurry up or betoo late.The Chinese, says Miss Buss, holdas unimportant the building, scene andlighting of a Theatre: as important thecostume. Yet she explains that inPekin the Imperial Theatre has B threestages one above the other 11 and tellsus more of these three stages. Thisdoes not strike us as proof that theconstruction of Theatres is consideredas unimportant.Of its scenery she writes that theChinese consider it n silly and unne- cessary B, and that n the imaginationthat has created in Chinese art somuch chimerical humour of animal andflower and fetish can find a riverwhere there is no water, and a moun- tain where none is painted n. Thisbeing so it seems to us that if the Chi- nese mind be at all logical, it shouldproceed along that mountain path andfind a hat where none is worn, shoesand embroideries where none are tobe seen... and actors where none haveentered. Where should we get to,—.. , . the summit of the mountainperhaps. THE WORLD IN FALSEFACEby George Jean Nathan. A. A. Knopf.New York• Price dollars 2.50.IN this his latest book Nathan goesoff the lines.... I mean the lineslaid down for him by the theatricalprofession,—and may he enjoy his littleramble as well as the 4 profession 'will, if it buys his book. He writesof n Theatre and Drama B and ofB Art and Criticism, n but he alsostrays into B the world we live in wand touches on B men and women. BHis book is in four parts.Perhaps the most interesting passageto me is the last one in the bookcalled nln memcriam B wherein hetoasts all the old drinks he has had infourteen of the towns he has been in.—B The pale pink chianii in the around the corner from Dante's mo- nument in Florence. The worst ofan address like that is that there aretwelve street corners at Dante's statue.I counted them yesterday.Nathan has something to say thistime about the bribery of dramaticcritics in America. It is a very en- tertaining bock and one very curiousremark in Part 2 must set everybodytalking. THE RUSSIAN THEATRE UN- DER THE REVOLUTION, byOUber Sayler. Littles Brown &amp; Co.,Boston, U. S. A. Price Dollars 2.50.MR. Sayler journeyed three quartersof the way reund the world, inwar-time, to visit a country where re- volution and famine were raging, tolearn amongst other things whether thetheatre of that country still survived, and,if so, what it was doing. Some ofthe news Mr. Sayler brought back wasworth bringing.When Mr, Sayler reached Moscowtowards the end of 1917 he foundStanislawsky's ® Seagull Theatre w asactive as ever:... more so, in fact,since it had added two B StudioTheatres to its original foundationuHe found also the Kamerny Theatrewhich had arisen since 1914, that is,during the war period. 'The GreatState and Small State Theatres ofMoscow and many others were vigo- rously at work, and the people socrowding to the performances that eventhe privilege of buying seats had to beballotted for. New productions mightbe few, owing to financial straits; buton how fine a repertory these Russiantheatres had to draw, how the ardentwork of former days was aiding themo bridge over the present, and howenaciously they were holding on until the dawn of better days, has beenconvincingly shown in Mr. Sayler sbook.Moreover, the list given of entirelynew productions prepared between 1914and 1917 by the Kamerny alone tes- tifies to the brains and enthusiasm ofthis theatre.This revolutionary f! Kamerny n ope- ned for its first performance on De- cember 25th 1914 with B Sakuntalanby Kalidasa. It proceeded with Synge'sB Play Boy of the Western World, nCalderon's B Life is a Dream, B Gol- doni's " The Fan," and Kuzmin's n Pen- tecost al Toledo. B Its second season,1915 to 1916, included n The Marriageof Figaro B by Beaumarchais ; B TheCarnival of Life B by Remy de Gour- mont; Rostand's B Cyrano de Bergerac Band Tor Her berg's n Two Worlds. BIts third season, 1916 to (917, beganwith B The Merry Wives of Windsor Band proceeded with B Thamira of theCithern B by Annyensky, n The Sup- per of jokes Bby Sem Benelli, TheVeil of Pierette n by Donanhy; *UnChapeau de Paille d'ltalie B by La- biche, and the B Azure Carpetn byLiuboff Stolitsa. It also producedWilde's B Salome, B B L'Echange B byPaul Claude!, and Debussy's B Box ofToys, BSuch varied activity, in face of dif- ficulties so tremendous, may well giveus to think.England and America offer excusesfor poor plays and lack of initiative,...ever the same old excuse, B lack ofmoney B, B after-war conditions, B andso on: yet these glimpses of what theindomitable Russian theatre workersare doing might surely convince peo- ple, as it does us, of the feebleness ofsuch excuses; force us to admit thatit is a more passionate thought aboutthe Theatre, a more sensible and se- rious attitude in regard to it, that weEnglish need if we are to rid our- selves of the reproach that B We possessthe greatest dramatist in the world andthe most contemptible theatre in Eu- rope B (1). (i) « England for the English» byGeorge Sampson. Cambridge UniversityPress, THINGS THAT HAVE INTE- RESTED ME. Second Series. Ar- nold Bennett. Chatto &amp; Windus.Price 7/6 nel.MR. Arnold Bennett is interestedin the Theatre amongst otherthings, ..•and so much so that oneday, when the actors at the Court Theatre were speaking in the orthor- dox up-to-date realistic manner, (ie,so as not to be heard), Mr BennettB hurried to dressing-rooms and re- monstrated with the admirable chiefactors B.It would appear that the CourtTheatre is too large, too small or toosomething else a place to make oneselfheard in.... from the stage.There should really be someone ineach English theatre authorized to goround and speak to the actors, car- penters, limelightmen, prompter andthe rest, lest someone reading MrBennett's book may take himself tobe equal in capacity and authority toMr Bennett and hurry round andgive his advice, Suppose six or eightdid this each night.Mr Bennett writes of B DramaticCritics B and of B The Dramatic Critic B,of n British Operatic Performances Band of B The Theatre Public B.The Dramatic Critics he writes of areall British: the Theatre Public Bri- tish too. On B Playwrights n thereis a three-page essay; it is on Bri- tish Playwrights. Of Synge he writes:B We had a great dramatist, Synge.He went and died young. It was agreater tragedy than any that his penwrote. nThere are two other three-pageessays on the Stage, one on B TheatreManagers B and one on B TheatreFinance B. This last begins, B Morelies, polite lies are told about theTheatre than about any subject onearth This is probably one of thetruest statements ever made by anyoneon earth about the Theatre.Mr Bennett is a very remarkableman, ...practical, one of Britain's fore- most novelists, a playwriter, a journa- list, an able-bodied seaman, and he ridi- cules the idea that the modern pre- sentation of the Greek play is wortha row of pins. We think that herehe exaggerates. We hardly believe itto be worth one pin in the row. CHRONISTEN DER MODE byDr Oskar Fischel. Miiller &amp; Co Ver- lag, Potsdam. 50 Marks. schlilsseUzahl 700.THE book is in one volume andcovers 3000 years, and our onlyregret is that it does not cover them asclosely as the 19th century was coveredby the same author in his delightfulbook in three volumes which J. M.Dent &amp; Sons published in an Englishtranslation under the title of n Modesand Manners of the XIX CenturyHere we have 89 pages of text to cover 3000 years; in the earlier workthere were 500 pages devoted to 100years. So that we should have likedit better had the author given us morefacts in chronological order and leftus to elaborate on these.Still, his own elaborations are muchbetter than ours could be; he describesthe spirit of the dress of the 3000years, not of what dress was com- posed ; when each variation came along,who brought it, on what date, andwhat was going on in the world atthat time. But the picture he drawsis perfect so we need not cavil. Andthe pictures he reproduces are selectedwith considerable care. Consider whatcare must be necessary to select 200pictures to illustrate 3000 years fullof costume.•These pictures he reproduces for usin a manner which impels our imme- diate appreciation,Dr Fischel is to be congratulated,and anyone who gets the book to bemore congratulated. For it is a pieceof book work which we must admitastounds us.The year is 1923 remember. Theprinting of the text has been done byOffizin Maniche &amp; Jahn A &amp; G, Ru- dolstadt. Cliches and Copperplates,(and there are 107 copperplates) havebeen made by the firms of RichartLabisch &amp; Co and Carl Sabo. Thesix Lichtdruck in colour by AlbertFrisch, Graphische Kunstaustadt, Ber- lin, and the binding by H. Fikenscher,Leipzig. A delicate green cloth isused to bind with, the lettering on itbeing in a rather darker shade of green,the utmost intelligence being used toselect and execute this.The copperplates amaze us, printedon the same paper as the text; thecolourplates too.Our admiration is unbounded forfour sets of workmen, no matter inwhat land they be, who can work sowell under their respective heads, andall together under the guidance of DrFischel, and produce a hook which oneimagines might be made in a land anda period where the wine and honeywere flowing copiously.Now if we would learn anythingfrom this example we must not try toexplain it away. It is useless to sayB Germany is a Republic now, any- thing can be done by a Republic Bfor this has nothing to do with thequestion. In 1903 and 1906 we sawGermany, and it was as easily able todo these things under Imperialism asit does today.No, the answer to B how can theydo it ? B is this. They all are disci- plined; they all determine to do it ; they iike to overcome difficulties fortheir own writers, artists and craftsmen,as for their own brewers, shipownersand other mighty and privileged ones.This is the ordinary truth, and weonly hope that some day our English,French, American and Italian publi- shers, writers, artists and craftsmenmay be as lucky, in one thing, as theGermans are ...to live amongst a peoplewho have been shown that disciplineis . necessary to all if we are all tohave a share in seeing our work wellset out before the public ere we reachsixty years of age. THE BEGGAR'S OPERA, ItsPredecessors and Successors, by FrankKidsort. Cambridge University Press.Price Five shillings net.11 nEAR : ear urn suggestion to bring out then book on the Theatre at the lown price of 5/-is utterly out of theB question. You must bear in mindB there are over 125 pages and 0 half-B tone pages of design. A paper co-B ver is not popular and so it willB have to be half cloth. A good pa-B per will have to be used for theB letter press and a fine art paper forB the illustrations. The book will there- n fore have to cost at least fifteenB shillings or a little more. 11The writer of this letter was a pub- lisher who is asleep. The publisherwho is awake is Mr, C. F. Clay andthe Syndics of the Cambridge Uni- versity Press. They have done whatwas B utterly out of the question 8,....a book of 117 printed pages, 8 half- tones, finely printed on the best paper,bound in half-cloth, label (and anextra label inside to use when the firstone is worn out), gold-patterned sides,... and all used with delightful taste,costing precisely 5 shillings.This is the little book by Mr. Kidsonon B The Beggar's Opera. BIt is written excellently; it is fullof ail the information one needs aboutthe author, his plot, the music and thelibretto: the productions, and the cri- ticism received, and much about theearlier operas in England.It is done very well and the ques- tion of paper and type are both ascarefully considered by the CambridgePress as they are carelessly disregardedby most publishers.Cheap common books must be is- sued for the lower classes, one sup- poses, and fine books for those wholike 4 em fine, cheap or costly ; butthose middle priced snobbish tastelessbooks turned out to-day by the thou- sands, these should be prohibited. The authors and printers would then flou- rish ;—for it is these middle-class mush- like books and book-makers who rendergood authors and printers poor.Would to heaven that all the Uni- versities in England were given thesole right to issue books !—Autocratic ?would it be that ? It seems to methat it would be an ordinary act ofplain common sense. LADY INTO FOX by David Gar- nett. Chatto &amp; VYindus. Price 5/- net. HOW does Chatto &amp; Windus ma- nage to get nearly all the goodbooks ? ... like the devil with his goodtunes it strikes us as uncanny.And here is a delightful book; abook without a fault. I cannot findone anyhow.It is small, neat, and full of wit andbeauty, ...and even the last paragraphis probably right where it is, ... butto me there is little use for it afterwhat has gone before and gone by soinevitably.The woodcuts which illustrate thestory are genuine woodcuts and verygood. SHAKESPEARE TO SHERIDANby Alwin Thaler Ph. D. HarvardUniversity Press. Price 5 dollars. THIS book is very pleasantly writ- ten, full of a great deal of goodinformation about a period of whichwe already have, by the way, suffi- cient material.That is the worst thing I can sayto the writer; and he doesn't want tohear the worst thing, but the best thing Ican say. So without any effort I cansay it is a most interesting book. If Itook in n Snappy Stories B I should stopfor a year and take in w Shakespeareto Sheridan, n for it has all the and is some story.I like my author very much becausehe has some discontent in him. Forexample, he is not content to fill upthis book of his on old things withold pictures. All the pictures are new.By that 1 mean that they are new tothe public, and new to the writer ofthis review who is familiar with awidish range of such things.There is one intensely interestingdesign,... that which shows Cuzzoni,and Farinelli, and Heydegger. On thedesign is written, B Drawn by DorothyCountess of Burlington. B If this betrue, I hope someone will search out,find, collect together and reprint all thedrawings by the Countess Dorothy.She had a touch of genius, and a veryinteresting touch of it, at that. This design is from an etching madefrom the original drawing, and is, withthe other thirty-eight illustrations, takenfrom the Harvard Theatre Collection,the expert advice of Mr R. G. Shawhaving been taken in their selection.And the list of illustrations is good,telling one all one wants to knowabout each plate. Sometimes half apage will be given to one entry.Since the book is so excellent perhapsthe publishers will not be offended ifI deplore the heaviness of the volume,the thickness of the paper, and thecover. Since lam speaking to oneof the most representative of Americanpresses, and an independent one; andsince Harvard is in the new countryand not in our old one, may I notsay:—You should have printed onpaper that cost half as much to buy:you should have bound it in a strongwrapper and not put a black and goldccver on it, and then you could havepublished two books for the sameprice, instead of one.You follow the English tradition ofthick, heavy, luxurious paper, solidbinding in board and cloth. This tra- dition has prevented us in Englandfrom bringing out many good books.In other lands on the European con- tinent we have what I think is a verymuch finer tradition. I think the Frenchand Italian books are every bit aselegant as the others, distinctly morepractical, and half-again as cheap.It is delightful that Harvard doesnot mark the review copies it sendsout with any disfiguring rubber stamp.I wish all publishers would follow thisexample. THE EXEMPLARY THEATREby H. Granville Barker. Chatto &amp;V/indus. Price 9/— net.THIS very able, if rather difficult,book will be read by all truelovers of the Theatre and its Drama,and these, we believe, will be of ouropinion when we state that we con- sider It the finest critical work of itsjudicial and high-intentioned author.Mr Barker is, and always has been,an orthodox idealist as regards theBritish stage, and seldom has his rigididealism been so neatly expressed asin the pages of n The ExemplaryTheatre R.Some there are who will cavil at,if not quarrel with, Mr Barker for hisattempt to improve the health, moral aswell as physical, of the British Stageby what his friend Mr Beerbohm de- scribes as n municipal pillules 11. But, for our part, we can but whole-heart- edly, and for obvious reasons, admirethe admirable intentions of this con- sistent reformer, who, without thefaintest hope of success, without morethan a lick and a promise for the fu- ture, dashes (in his well known pedes- trian way) once more into the breach.If some protest that this breach is thewrong one we can but remind themthat, whatever fault can be found, MrBarker has been always supposed tobe practical to a fault, and in a re- former it is surely no fault to be prac- tical.He is young, too. To him toysappear sometimes to be treasures ...sodelighted is he to have discoveredthese toys ...even eighteen years late.But when he tells us of more weigh- ty matters, ...when he speaks ofthose things which R The Mask 11, forexample, has for many years been re- minding its readers are valuable, heassumes the gravest of airs and nofault can possibly be found with hismanner of repeating them.Se when we come to the end ofthis book, we close it with a last andnot quite forlorn hope, that, in spiteof pride and reason, and with the aidof the Drama League, the British Na- tional Theatre will soon come to befounded in London, and that then MrBarker will be chosen to be its exem- plary head. ON PRODUCING IN LITTLETHEATRES by Clarence Stratton.Hem}? Holt Co. U. S. A. 1921.Price dollars 2/90 netIT is too sweeping to speak of Ame- ricans and then to praise or blame,just as it would be too sweeping totalk of Europeans and praise orblame.But this particular group of Ameri- cans treated of in Mr Stratton's book isshown to be very active in * tryingthings out 11 in its Little Theatres.In most of the pictures in the book,however, ...fifty-seven in ail... We findthat the things tried out are not suf- ficiently original. Far too many de- signs remind us of things already triedin other lands and found good, bad,or indifferent.And we wonder why these tests didnot suffice; why no one stops wastingtime and money re~iesting provedthings.Still, it is one of the many goodbooks which anyone who is carefullyfollowing the New Movement mustpossess. THE GREEK THEATRE ANDITS DRAMA by Roy C. Flicken- get, Ph. D. University of ChicagoPress. 1918. Price Three dollars.ENGLISH PAGEANTRY by Ro- bert Withington. Harvard UniversityPress. 1918. Price three and a halfdollars.THE first book is well written andseems to have given the writersome trouble: And it is illustrated.In fact, Dr. Flickenger has been lavishwith his illustrations. He give useighty good ones. Now Mr. Withing- ton in his n Pageantry R unluckilyonly gives us thirteen, He might havegiven us eighty-one and so havebeaten the enthusiasm and love forhis subject which Flickenger reveals atonce, But Mr. Withington evidentlydidn't want to reveal any ' enthusy- musy f as Byron loved to call it, and,if he is a young man as his prefaceleads one to suppose, why the deucedoesn't he go it a bit more ?n Pageantry n ;... what a theme ...andwhat an opportunity to spend moneyover eighty-one nice illustrations, and, as I say, we only got thirteen.What a delight an enthusiast wouldhave had (and given) had he beentempted to give us six extra plates incolour. Why, I remember even oldand sleepy Europe has done that foryears now. THE TWENTIETH CENTURYTHEATRE by William Lyon Phelps,Professor of English Literature at Yale.Macmillan Co, New York. Pricedollars /,25,IT is a pity that the Macmillan Com- pany disfigures the first page of itsbooks by pricking them with a mes- sage to us by means of a patent lancetmachine. I hold this page up to thelight and can with utmost difficultyread R Advance copy. Not for A—L E. For Review R. There is noA.L.E. in our office, or amongst ourreviewers, and we! rather suspectedthe book was for Review. But whyshould A.L. E. be so pointedly feared ?The author is very sympathetic tothe Theatre and does not fail to sayso. He says that he has receivedhappiness from it. There is such adifferent tone to his confession fromthose so often made by other writerson the Theatre that one feels he isa member of the good audience.To me as a European he seems alittle too tame for an American. Butthen, it has always seemed to me thatto be an American is to be born with the great chance, ...the chance * whichLongfellow avoided and Whitman sei- zed, ... to dash along and stand forsomething positive. For my part, though1 may be wrong, I conceive Europeansto be more delighted by catching sightof a true American than what, withoutmeaning any discourtesy, I would calla false one.If I could write so good a book ;if I felt so young about things as MrPhelps, I should throw up his profes- sorship of English at Yale University,and in three years I'd make my nameheard all over America as standingdefinitely for all that is most rash andbest. But then I should be calledNathan. DAS MODERNE B UHNENBILD,by Dr Oskctr Fischel. Verlag Was- muth. Berlin. 1923.THERE are 147 reproductions inblack and white and 8 in colourgiven in this work, and nearly all arefrom those drawings which were exhi- bited at the International Theatre Exhi- bition in Holland and England,Dr Fischel has written 8 pages oftext stating well and with authoritywhat the Theatre is, and how we cantake the more modern developments.This has far greater need to be saidin English and French than in German,for the Germans have always under- stood modern things up to the pointof trying what they were worth beforehowling them down. Fortunately, asDr Fischel shows us, the howlingdown is quite useless; and so theworld is not going to be cheated outof these things.They have a certain worth; not oneof these designs seems worth a singleact from a play by Shakespeare, notmore than a dozen of the designs areas good as the work of Stringberg orSynge; but there are hardly ten thatare not infinitely superior in quality tothe sentimental plays of the hour soloved by sentimental audiences withboth of which our modern stage iscursed, SENECA AND ELIZABETHANTRAGEDY. F. L. Lucas, B. A,Cambridge University Press. Price7/6 net.MR Lucas opens his first chapterby setting forth his argument :* In the realm of letters it has beenSeneca's destiny, like Banquo's, to begetin his posterity a greatness deniedhimself. Virgil, that imperial poet,was the founder of a line of degene- rate literary faineants, the Epic poe- tasters of Silver Latin: but fromSeneca, decadent Silver Latinist him- self, by a seeming freak of fortunecan be traced the direct descent ofthe lordliest names in* the dramaticliterature of Western Europe. Toestimate his influence and to trace theline of descent from him to the Eli- zabethans is the main purpose of thisbookThe ground Mr Lucas covers isnot new; but as he is not too R lear- ned " his book will be of good useto those lacking classical knowledge,and he has been sufficiently succinctto compress a great deal into his 133pages. ELIZABETHAN DRAM A by JanetSpens. Methuen &amp; Co. Price 5j— net.IT sets out to be a manual of Elizabe- than drama for the use of univer- sity students, and will serve all whowish to gain some preliminary infor- mation as to this important period inthe history of the English Stage.In the course of its 148 pages ittreats of the characteristics of Elizabe- than Drama, its origins, arid the pre- decessors of the Elizabethan Dramastrictly so-called. It points ' out thatall tragedies previous to 1600 were* Revenge " dramas and descendedfrom the Greek, devotes a chapter tothis theme, and another to the Apo- chryphal plays and Munday, and goeson to handle one by one Shakespeare'scontemporaries and successors. A use- ful hook. A SHORT HISTORY OF THEBRITISH DRAM A. Benjamin Br aw- ley. George Harrap&amp; Co. Price 7 j6nctMR Brawley prefaces his work mo- destly when he says that itw makes no special effort to be eitheroriginal or profound. It aims simplyto set forth in brief compass the mainfacts that one might wish to have athand in his first course in the EnglishDrama ". And, just because the bookis simple, n holds itself strictly to thehistory of the drama ", it is likely tobe of service to many, ...both to thosewho wish to gain some clear outlineof a subject wholly new to them, andto those who, already possessing a cer- tain amount of scrappy and discon- nected knowledge, would be glad tocoordinate it, pull it into line andshape.The book is conveniently arrangedfor students and is also furnished with an alphabetical index, and a helpfulBibliography. Altogether a workman- like little volume. PLA YS by Qordon Boitomley. n KingLear s Wife and other Plays.n " Grtiachand other Plays n. Constable &amp; Co.Two volumes. Price 7j6 each.IF Mr Bottomley had lived anywherebut in England, (so that it was notin France or America), his first attemptto write a play would immediately havebeen encouraged by the Theatre.In England the question whetheror no a play is to reach across to thespectators and delight them dependsupon whether or no the actors andthe stage-manager can fit the play totheir own way of working.I have seen n The School for Scan- dal n fail to so reach across and delight,and " King Lear w too.I have seen n The Lyons Mail avery poor piece of writing, succeedimmensely.I have also seen " The Lyons Mail "fail utterly and n King Lear n almostsucceed.Therefore Mr Gordon Botioinley'sPlays shall fail and shall succeed: nowor in time to come. For, spite ofall we can say about the comediansand their not yet having quite graspedwhat the artist means by ® conscience B,one or more will in time come to enterin spirit into one of these plays witha more than ordinary force and "...hangthere like fruit my sou! till the treedieBut until I see these plays acted, I,for one, cannot say they are greatacting plays ... although I see manyobvious signs that they are. We cannone of us say that from reading aplay; we can only guess at best.I feel that were I a director of aTheatre I would ask Mr Gordon Bot- tomley to allow me to try and produceone or two of these plays ....I wouldinvite Mr Ainley and Miss NielsonTerry to collaborate together to discoveraway to make these pieces very wellworth hearing and seeing.What would be the result ? I askmyself. Would Mr Ainley and MissTerry show me clearly in less thantwo weeks* time that they thought mea fool and the poet a fool, and hisplays pretty but quite unfitted for thestage ?If these two forced me to the opi- nion that they had found very littlein the plays which lent itself to theirway of speaking, moving, acting, ma- king their effects ...what then ? Wouldthe thing have to be given up ? I hope I could see their point.Could they, I wonder, see mine ?...which is, that they should find awayof speaking, moving, acting and ma- king effective any play which is asobviously excellent as are these by MrGordon Bottomley. And, if they couldnot in the end find or try to find thisway, would they allow me to find one ?All these questions must prelude anyfirst-class performance of Mr Bottomley *sPlays, for they are rather unusual andfull of fine things of a very delicatequality. If any actors and managerscare enough for these dramas, and canlend to them strength where perhapsthey need strengthening, I can imagineit would well repay them for theirtrouble. THE OLD DRAMA AND THENEW by William Archer. Heinemann.Price 10/6 net. Don Quixote, we take partagainst the puppets, and quite as im~pertinently. Charles Lamb.n On the Artificial Comedy ofthe last century. 11 NOW imagine the Don turned Dra- matic Critic, and you have MrWilliam Archer. Imagine a book byDon Quixote on the Theatre withCervantes left out, and you have thisnew book by Mr Archer.Mr Archer would indict our verydreams.* We dare not n wrote Lamb, n con- template an Atlantis, a scheme, outof which our coxcombical moral senseis for a little transitory ease excluded. nBut dear old Lamb could and did:Mr Archer, IF he could,—wont.Was Don Quixote obstinate?Fake care, Don Archer, take carethat you be not unknighted ; and CharlesLamb become the one and only DonSancho of the Skies,You are too careless of your com- pany.... you frequent the dullest houses,not the lowest. You have been seenrather too much of late with the dul- lest dramatists. Couldn't you manageto be caught drinking at a bar with acouple of clowns ? That might lead,in time, to Parnassus. At present youare going straight into the place keptby Granville Barker, whatever that is.We think it is a lodging house or a niceHotel or something hobnobby.We have read your b00k.... verynearly every line ... and we think youdeserve to be reviewed by n The Mor- ning Post. wThat is almost an unkind thing to say, and if it be unkind we take itback.... but it would be an unkindthing to do to review this book ofyours here. For n Maskreaderswould not spare you, and we notonly do spare you, but congratulateyou on such an able effort and hopethat we shall after fifty years* servicebe able to write half as good a book.But Mr. Archer reminds us of whatSheridan wrote to his father-in-lawMr Lumley: BWe dare not proposea peep beyond the ankle on anyaccount; for the critics in the pitat a new play are much greater prudesthan the ladies in the boxes. nMr Archer is a Quixote, but he isalso what Quixote never was, a prude.Let us hope that no new critic- prude will ever appear to spoil theDrama in England. MAGAZINES The Century. U. S. A. Oncetheatrically alive, now theatrically deadand unaware.€$ Shadow-Land. U. S. A, Aliveand quite aware of its snap.€f Vanity Fair. U. S. A. Alivetoo : getting better with every number:beginning to toss its old readers inthe blanket: derisive of the young assand his mate.English Review, i. e. TheatreCraft. London. Going on as well asthe town will let it.Smart Set. U. S. A. Five pagesof it interest us.*5 Print Collectors' Quarterly. Lon- don. Wide awake, English. Nothingto do with the stage, yet now andagain containing articles useful to thestudent of the Theatre.CJ Chap Book. London. Alwaysawake, always at attention; is not toolarge and costs only a shilling or oneand sixpence: producing the best pieceof work in its way in England. De- voted to poetry and to engraving anddesign : not unmindful of the stage ;... and this gratuitous friendship isenjoyable.La Ronda. Italy. Awake al- ways interesting. We miss the workof L. M. So, we suppose, does n LaRonda n.The Dial. U. S. A. Snoring inits sleep.Broom. U. S. A. Is it wornout ? if so, why ?€J Theatre Arts Magazine. LJ. S. A.Growing stronger, standing firmer,aware that the Theatre is not a na- tional or a provincial thing, but is asmall and interesting world of itself. We wish it and its editors the best ofluck in the future.if The Stage, London. Developingyearly.€| The Era. London. Should liketo see it more often.€J The Theatre Magazine. U. S. A.A well printed piece of work ; oftencontains useful photographs.€| Current Opinion. U. S. A. De- lightful as ever,€| Literary Digest. U. S. A. Everdelightful,Notes &amp; Queries for 1922 hasbeen as good as ever it v/as and isof especial interest to readers of w TheMask n for there has been many a11 Query n as to theatres and theatrepeople lately, and the replies havebeen interesting.We wonder if any of the n Mask w readers can give further information asto the life of Anna Rencia or Renziwho from 1641 to 1647 was singingin Venice and disappears in 1650 ?John Evelyn knew her, but that wealready knew; And who can tell usmore about the Private Theatres ofEngland such as that owned by SirWilliam Wynn at Wynnstay, 1770,and by the Margravine of Anspach atHammersmith about 1792, and by theEarl of Barrymore at Wargrave andin Savile Row. This last was calledn Vari&amp;es Amusantes n and was visitedby Haydn in 1791. And who cangive the slightest clue as to what hap- pened to the small theatre which wasat No. 22 Piccadilly in 1780, andwhich was *an exact model of thesuperb Teatro Nuovo (now Comunale)at Bologna and the scenery the pain- ting of the celebrated Bibiena n (An- tonio) ? This little playhouse was usedfor marionettes.Besides these items n Notes &amp; Que- ries n asked about Fiorilli's visit toLondon which is referred to by JohnEvelyn in 1675, though Evelyn omitsto give his name: about the privatetheatre at Blenheim 1787 : about Bi- biena's invitation to London and hisnot going there; about the Royal Dra- matic College in England, proposed in1858, brought into existence, and thendropped in 1877.There was a Query about a certainSancta Stella who was a famous singerin the 18th century but no oneseems to know anything about her todayfor no answers were given.n Notes &amp; Queries is published byThe Bucks Free Press, 20 High Street,High Wycombe, Bucks, England, fromwhom you will order it, if you wantto enjoy one of the few unspoiled ma- gazines of the day. €J 9 Wendingen n. Amsterdam. Thework of an artist; and for this ordi- nary reason impossible for it to beanything but excellent. Very good re- productions. Fail to get the 9 Theatrenumber 9 issued September, 1922 andits Marionnette number just out, 1923, and we are sure you will regret it.Address, Keizergracht, 431, Amster- dam.Gazette da Bon Ton, Paris. Isit still issued ? ...Was as good asn Wendingen n and at the otherpole. •J London Mercury. Costs half acrown and is large, almost a book,...128 pages. When rarely we see itwe are always glad to see it. It looksvery rich and very prosperous. Thecondition of the English Theatre doesnot seem to concern it at all. LETTERS TO THE EDITOR THE ROMAN MARIONNETTES. Yours.H. J. MANNING. Sir:Isaw with intense glee by the newspaper reports that theRoman marionnettes about which all London at firstwent wild with admiration later on failed utterly overWilliam Shakespeare's n The Tempest *.There are some things for every land, but The Tem- pest by Roman Marionnettes is evidently not for n England n.Since England has taken the puppets on to her lap, ifnot into her heart; and since she has never taken Shake- speare or his n Tempest to either, one can but supposethat the failure at the Scala was a good deal due toShakespeare—as usual.Unless, of course, all along, both the success of theone and the failure of the other are due to the public.I saw that Mr. Fagan, who was responsible for theperformance—for no mere dolls of wood can be heldresponsible—said in an Interview, that to him it was avery interesting experiment, H because it will enable me n,he went on, 11 to test Mr. Gordon Craig's article of faiththat the actor should be abolished and the super-marionnetteput in his place ".—Which seems to me to be a very wildand wanton way for Mr. Fagan to speak.For Mr Craig has never suggested that the actor shouldbe abolished so that a two-penny doll shall be put in hisplace.But it is like insularity to imagine he referred to Dr.Podrecca's little ideas when, if I mistake not, he was refer- ring to the greater ideas of Sophocles. It is like insularityto see anything w super n about those natty little puppetsfrom Rome. It is like insularity (and very obedient too)to rave over them at the orders of the admirable Cochran,to boom them as 11 incredible * beyond belief R, asw works of art * because they look like miniature men andwomen, and imitate the faults of actors, and strut andgenerally make a parody of life, poetry, mankind, and thestage.All that is the mode. Actors nowadays will accepttheir £5 or £10 a week to make a parody of the thingwe love—the Theatrical; and now marionnettes are beingdegraded in the same way.Who does it—and who is to blame ? Surely not Mr.Cochran ? No, money does it and money is to blame.For it is the mode, and managers and critics who willtruckle to the mode, are to be found by the hundred.That the * Tempest 11 can be interpreted by marion- nettes, so that the performance will satisfy M. AnatoleFrance, we have on record, for M. France has written tosay so. But, with marionnettes as with everything else, alldepends upon how a thing is done and who does it.Manchester. MODERN PLAYS &amp; PERFORMERS. Yours.J. S. RANKIN. Sir:AN English Producer wishes to ask a question:Can anyone of the readers of * The Mask namea modern English or American society-comedy or comicopera dealing with matters of to-day which, for strengthand brilliance of treatment and sanity of thought can bearcomparison with w The School for Scandal w (Sheridan) ;n II Barbiere di Siviglia n (Rossini) and R The Beggar'sOpera w (Gay) ?Failing to name any such piece with like stamina, canthe reader suggest why it is that today none are beingmade ?Plays dealing with the peasantry are not hard to find.n The Playboy w and w Nan 9 are oatstanding examples.But who can name the comedy of modern life which hasthe same body and a like sparkle as the three pieces abovenamed ?The English critics of 9 The Observer 9, 9 The Man- chester Guardian 9 and 9 The Morning Post R have latelywritten a great deal about the English play-writer, andhow the producer swamps him. But what kind of a boatis it which gets swamped in the seas ? What producerever swamped Sheridan, Rossini or Gay?The truth is, that if an able-bodied piece come to bebrought to performance by an able-bodied company ofactors and singers, no producer can swamp it.What, then, are our modern pieces, what our modernperformers, if they possess so little substance and staminathat they can be, as they so often are, swamped by theproducer ? Surely, before so much outcry is raised againstthe producer it would be well were these questions putforward and faced. Bradford. FOREIGN NOTES: 1423-1923 J. S. WE shall print the name of each town as spelt by itsinhabitants not as spelt by visitors.London must remain London, not Londres or Londra.But so also with Italian towns. Roma is Roma and notRome or Rom as spelt by English and Germans. Leghornis an invention of the English; the place they refer to isLivorno. Mantova, Genova, Venezia or Wien, mustnot become Mantua, Genoa, Venice or Venedig, andVienna. Our Foreign Notes will be of the year 1923,but also of 1823, 1723, 1623 and 1523, one hundredto four hundred years ago, since past events have playedtheir part in preparing the present, and the present hasvital links, both in its weaknesses and achievements, with the past. TEATRO ARGENTINA, ROMA IN 1750. ROMA 1923. Madame Eleonora Duse was acting here latelyin Ibsen's n Ghosts n, D'Annunzio's w Citta Morta ff andPraga's 11 Porta Chiusa B. On the first night's performanceSignor Mussolini paid a visit to the great actress before theplay began, and discussed with her the best means ofbringing the Italian Theatre to represent the spiritual lifeof the nation (1).1823. The Teatro Valle was restored and reopenedwith Jacopo Ferretti's n II Corsaro ", music by FilippoCelli. Leopardi, who was present, wrote afterwards, n Theopera at the Valle which is comical proves that the* Turco "in Italian (an opera by Rossini) is incomparablybetter. The theatre was empty, the cold was killing, andthe actors insufferable. Why! Parigi (a comedian of thattime) side by side with them would seem an angel, andbe assured, I do not exaggerate.At the Argentina n Eufemio di Messina 11, was given,the libretto by J. Ferretti, music by Michele Carafa, andscenes by A. Lorenzoni of Bologna. Of this Leopardiwrote to his brother: n Carafa's opera is nearly all stolenfrom Rossini, but so badly that neither the imitation norwhat was original gave the least pleasure.... All the voiceswere mediocre except the tenor David and the contraltoSantina Ferlotti ....but even the most beautiful voice appliedto a melody which signifies nothing cannot produce anygrand effect. The Romans praised the scenery and damnedthe opera n.€| On February sth Leopardi saw the 9 Donna delLargo n. The music was by Rossini, which, he says,made him cry. The performance lasted six hours. (i) Bee also page 25. BOLOGNA 1923. Visitors to Bologna between May and Octoberwill find an excellent performance of Burattini everyevening in the open air by going to the Piazza deiMarchi.The Teatro Comunale built by Antonio Bibiena in 1763has a fine stage and auditorium and is worth seeing. TheTeatro del Corso is another interesting theatre. It wasrebuilt in 1805 for Napoleon's visit, and has since thenbeen in part reconstructed.1723. Jan. 10th. In the Private Theatre in the Houseof Count Pirro Malvezzi there was recited a play calledAndromaca 11, after which a farsetto was acted by threeyoung men from the Collegio di San Luigi. On January27th the Cardinal Legato went to see it.1623. December 17th. Guarini's R Pastor Fido ®was performed at the Teatro della Sala. Soon after theperformance, for unknown reasons, the theatre caught fireand in a short space of time was completely burnt. Itwas originally built in 1615 by Gio. Gabrielle Guidotti. LIVORNO 1823. July 25th. My Lord Byron embarked fromhere for Greece to go for the last time once more a-roving. MOD E N A 1823, The Teatro in Palazzo Rangoni was built, tohold 300 persons. RUSSIA 1923 NICHOLAS Roerich would naturally find Pietro GOD- zaga, Venetian scenographer, 1750-1831, a wonderfulscenic man, and so his short Note of enthusiastic appre- ciation in the 11 Theatre Arts Magazine Volume 6,No. 4. is nothing to be wondered at.For Gonzaga went to Russia in 1791 and died there. RUSSIA CONTINUED. He wrote two books : 11 Light adapted to Theatredecor B and w Theatre Optics w.But what Roerich doesn't mention in his Note is thatGonzaga shows the direct influence of Canaletto. Andafter all, Gonzaga is not Italy's best scenographer.Possibly he was one of the forty best, but is rathermore of a picture painter on a large scale than a purescenographer of the Theatre.It is the Parigi who are the genuine scenographers: the Bibienas too. The Burnacini, the Mauri, Torelli, Ser- vandoni, Scamozzi, and Peruzzi, ....these are the Italiannames in the first rank. BUD R I O 1923. January 26th. There are seldom any dramaticperformances here, and so perhaps it is this fact whichrenders the performances in the Teatrino of the PalazzoLazzone so remarkable in our eyes.Reality on the stage is rare, but in RLa Donna n, apiece by Marco Pallanc, the actors brought us reality suchas I have not seen before in London, Prague or Moscow.The scene was modern; modern realism often offends one,but this scene, (there was only one), was reality itself.I felt the air which floated in through the large Frenchwindows leading on to the lawn, .... a lawn which I swearI took to be real. \ have never, as I said, seen suchrealism. The two principal actors, Signor Monza andSignorina Lampretto, were acting, I suppose. 1 tried totell myself this when I saw the latter dying in the thirdand last act of this tragic little piece. But even now Icannot assure myself that it was acting.Signor Monza had a small part he could not havebeen more than half an hour on the stage yet I knowhim as 1 know myself. I learnt his whole story, character,regrets and achievement. The play turns on these.A most ingenious method of illuminating the stage isused in Budrio, at least in the Palazzo Lazzone. Thereare seven discs of polished marble hung round the back ofthe scene, each measuring about five feet in circumference,and in the centre of these and somehow concealed in them1 thought, (for 1 only had time to glance at them), werethree to four electric globes. I supposed the candle powerto be about 3000 per disc. By some contrivance thesediscs or lamps are moved very easily to any defined spotand very swiftly, this in spite of the fact that theymust weigh a great deal.I asked the manager why marble was employed insteadof light metal reflectors. He told me because of the n mo- dulazione n. But if I cannot properly explain the secrets of theirmechanism I can certainly not explain how it was that theeffect produced was one of daylight, a daylight which inthe course of the two and a half hours' performancechanged as I have never yet known stage lighting tochange.I hope later to be able to report more of this remark- able company of performers. CON D E 1723. In or near this town on January 25th therewas born Claire-Joseph-Hippolyte Leyris de la Tude, thedaughter of Francois Joseph D6sir£, a sergeant, and ofMarie Claire Scanapiecq. She named herself more sim plylater on : Hippolyte Clairon. FROM THE "BALLI DI SFESSANIA" BY JACQUES CALLOT FIRE N Z E o « STILL THE OLD ENTANGLEMENT. * oMADAME Eleonora Duse, recently visiting Firenze,expressed in a letter to one of the dramatic criticsher regret not to be able to give a piece which she wouldhave personally wished to give, in the following words:n Ma non fu possibile conciliare le sciocche ragioni di me- stiere con le ragioni dell*Arte. H wlt was not possible toreconcile the foolish professional reasons with the reasonsof Art. nNo, ..:not at the last moment:— and why at any mo- ment serve two masters ? and that is what it comes towhen one submits art for a moment to the interests of theBox Office, or allows B foolish professional reasons n tointrude for one moment upon one's conscience as an artistor shelve even by a hairsbreadth one's art ideals,1823. Francesco Cambi issued his n Riflessione sulTeatro Comico Moderno * in Firenze.R. Landini, a famous impersonator of the Mask ofStenterello, was born.1723. The opera n Fiavio Anicio Olibrio * was gi- ven in the summer at the Teatro della Pergola; librettoby Apostolo Zeno; music by Nicola Porpora.1623. February 4th The Company of Sant'Antoniogave a performance of n II Voto d'Oronto n by Cicognini,and the Accademia degli Infiammati were asked to repeatit at the Palazzo Pitti, in the presence of the Archdu- chess, the Princes, and the Infanta of Poland ; after thisa ballet was performed. FIRENZE CONTINUED. February 26ih. In the evening their Royal Highnes- ses Ferdinand© II and his wife went to the n Sala deiForestieri n to hear an improvised comedy (Commediaall' improvviso) by some young gentlemen of Pisa, whichthey did very well,October 23rd. H. R. H. the Duchess, to give plea- sure to her children and to H. R. H. ordered the co- medians under Fritellino (Pier Maria Cecchini) and Fla- minia (Orsola Cecchini his wife) to perform before her inthe 9 Sala R wherein was standing the fixed M prospet- tiva. B They gave a ridiculous comedy which lasted anhour, beginning at II o'clock in the evening. Their RoyalHighnesses were much pleased. They went to the theatreincognito and watched the performance from behind agrating. After this, and during the year, their RoyalHighnesses saw a great deal of Fritellino and his company.December 12th The Duke made a present of 100scudi to the Company of Fritellino, and some rare silkencloth embroidered with gold to Flaminia. To Fritellinoand Cintio he gave a gold medallion each with the im- pression of the Duke's head on one side, and, on theother, the crown and ball with the motto ® primo virtutis, R€| B La Celeste Guida overo L'Arcangelo Rafaello, wa B sacra rappresentazione B, libretto by Jacopo Cicognini,music by Gio. Battista da Gagliano, was produced by thecompany B deirArcangelo Rafaello delta la Scala. 11 Thelibretto was printed at Venezia in 1625.In December La Regina Sant* Orsola n followedby B I Fiori di Calvario 11 were produced H nel Teatrodel Grand Duca di Toscana B before Vladislao Sigis- mondo Prince of Poland and Sweden. The libretto wasby A. Salvadori and the music by Marco da Gagliano. Thelibretto was published with a frontispiece and six platesengraved by Alfonso Parigi who very possibly designedthe scenes. Each plate measures 14 centim.X'l centim.€jj 51 1! Medoro w was produced at the Royal Palaceon the occasion of the election of the Emperor Ferdi- nand II of Austria. The libretto was by Andrea Salva- dore, the music by Marco da Gagliano. The libretto of5 operas was published by P. Cecconcelli, in Firenze. DESIGNED AND ENGRAVED ON WOOD BY W. H. BROOKE, 1831. STRATFORD ON AVON. 1923. Here things go on and on in much the sameway as they went on in 1823,—in 1723, but quite otherthan ihey went on a century before then.It rains here,—drizzles—and theatricals drizzle too.The Shakespeare Jubilee was a fizzle,... even Garrick,the great Garrick, had to bring a little of his acting down here in 1769 and display it in the streets. B The inha- bitants who could neither understand the projected cele- bration nor its details, viewed the business-—to be fortheir advantage—with open distrust and hostility n writesFitzgerald in his Life of David Garrick. slt was not apecuniary success ; but without Garrick would have been amiserable failure. It cost him individually a great deal ofmoney.... over £ 2000. nAnd the inhabitants today are as suspicious and asdull as those in 1769. There is never any money to befound to do things properly with. When the gifted C. LovatFraser came here to lend a hand—and he was allgood spirits and willingness—all the people did was togrumble, and Fraser, who seldom had a hard word to sayof anyone, found more to laugh at than usual. The Thea- tre itself has never been adequate. Salzburg does moreand better to honour Mozart than Stratford to honourShakespeare. But then the inhabitants of Salzburg are notpoverty-stricken or paralyzed by feeble intentions,—andthey have called Reinhardt to see to things, Stratford,it's true, calls Mr Adams and then ties him hand and footwhile expecting impossibilities from him,... gives him a fewhundred pounds to work with—and grumbles at the resultwhile patronizing the young man's talent,As ever in our Empire, India, Egypt, must be paidfor by Mr Adams and the 30,000 other artists, scientistsand some 3,000,000 other kind of sound workers. LetIndia, Egypt and the whole world become and remainEnglish if you will, but first look after things at home,—not forgetting Shakespeare, the Stage of the Empire... andthe musical glasses—the which I was almost forgetting. PLAN OF THE PRAGUE THEATRE. BUILT BY GIUSEPPE BIBIENA, 1723. PRAGUE 1123 1723. For the coronation of Charles VI, GiuseppeBibiena constructed an amphitheatre to hold 80,000 per- sons, says the historian (3000 is a more likely reckoning).It had a stage 39 metres broad and 63 metres deep.The opera performed wTas n Costanza e Fortezza "by Pairate,music by Fux. The scenes were by Giuseppe Bibiena.100 singers, 200 musicians and many dancers were calledfrom all parts of Europe to perform at this festival, and itbecame celebrated as the standard of scenic productionthroughout Europe. LUCCA. 1823, On August 28th 11 Temistocle n was producedat the Teatro Giglio with music by Giovanni Paccini.1723. At the Teatro Pubblico two performances byamateurs of n La Finta Pazza 11 and n Pazzo per Forza wby Capece were given. Giacinto Cattoli and his com- pany performed from August 17th to the end of De- cember. LUCCA CONTINUED.1623. From September 20th to December 21st theactors of the company known as 11 I Confidents n, directedby Flaminio Scala, were performing in the Sala dellaPodesta. PLAN OF TEATRO REGIO. TORINO. BUILT BY ALFIERI IN 1741. TORINO 1823. There was given this year the opera s Rug- giero n or B L/eroica gratitudine w, libretto by Pietro Meta- stasio, music by Antonio Gandini of Modena, ballet masterGio. Galzerani, whose wife was prima-ballerina. Theseason was closed with 11 Didone Abbandonata B Jan. 19by Metastasio, with music by Zaverio Mercadante, directorof the Conservatorio di Napoli.1723. The Opera-Ballet B Artenice n was producedfor the first time at the Teatro Regio. The libretto wasby Giovanetti and the music by Giovanni Antonio Giay,maestro della capella. The first ballerina was De-Bargues,and the music for the ballets was by Razetti. This operawas written expressly for the Teatro Regio. In the sameyear 811 Trionfo della Fedelt&amp; n by Giovanetti, withmusic by Fior&amp; was also given. TEATRO CARLO FELICE, GENOVA, BUILT BY BARABINO IN 1826. GEN O V A 1923. Nothing is made of the Teatro Carlo Felicehere. It is one of the largest and one of the most handsometheatres in Italy: its position is central and imposing, andGenova is a wealthy commercial city,Like Manchester, the place seems to be unaware ofthe importance to trade of a first class opera house andtheatres. It possesses the buildings,—the Paganini, theRegina Margherita and the Politeama are three large-sizedplayhouses. The Agostino, once the most popular theatrein Genova, is now deserted except for occasional amateurperformances. TEATROPATRIOTICO, MILANO, NOW TEATRO DE' FILODRAMMATICI MILANO 1923. Arturo Toscanini is still here, and his wholeexistence is given to the Scala. He has brought aboutmany reforms,—aroused the singers, produced a superbchorus, availed himself of Fortuny's inventions for scenesand lighting, and it is immensely to the credit of themerchants of Milano and of Signer Scandiani that theparamount importance of this conductor has been so sanelyrealized and his efforts seconded by those in powerThe Theatre was reconstructed a year or two ago forToscanini (instead of for speculators), at an expense of75,000. The Journals, and the Bankers and otherwealthy men supplied the means.The talent of Signor Scandiani is exceptional. I havenot known many directors possessed of such unique yetordinary gifts. Never in a hurry, never apparently anxious,always seconding Toscanini and the art,—such a B businessman wis an example to the 11 managers nof London. Whetherany such man is to be found in any theatre in Paris orNew York has not yet become evident.1823. February 6th. Pacini's w Vestali B v/as pro- duced with success at the Teatro della Scala, with La- blanche singing.Francesco Clerico's ballet B Adelaisa di Guezetino *was given on June 7th. (see portrait plate 4). Music byBelloli, scenes by A. Sanquirico.The company of the celebrated Moncalvo was actingall the summer at the Teatro Canobbiana. Eight dramaswere performed. December 26th. The first representation of Amleto",music by Mercadante, libretto by Felice Romani, wasgiven at La Scala by Giorgi, La Fabbrica, Monelli, andLablanche in the caste. On this occasion the vast centralchandelier was hung, and used from then onwards. Itwas designed by Sanquirico, the scenographer of La Scala,and carried out by Carlo Grassi the mechanic. It cost 17,991lire (Austrian).1723. 11 Arianna nell* Isola di Nasso *, Drama inmusic by Giovanni Porta, was given at the Teatro Du- cale with Marianna Laurenzani, Scalzi and Cignoni inthe cast. The scenes were by G. D. Barbieri andG. B. Medici, under the direction of Ferdinando Brivioand Giuseppe Milesi. The dancer was Caetano Gros- satesta.1423. A stage was erected at the Porta Ticineseand a spectacle given of the historical and military featsof the old Gods. SHOWING THE THEATRE DU MARAIS. PARIS, 1676. (BUILT 1623). PARIS 1923. M. Silvain, the doyen of the Com£die Fran-celebrated the forty-fifth anniversary of his entry intothe Maison de Moli&amp;re, on February 19th. He has alsobeen a professor at the Conservatoire for many years.We wish the old place and the old man long life;—after all it is our favourite playhouse when Moli&amp;re ison the programme... but only then.€| M. Jean Jacques Olivier has translated Gozzi'sn Turandot n into French and it was produced in Februaryby M. Jacques Copeau at the Theatre Vieux-Columbierwith considerable success. It is spoken of as the bestpiece of work seen at this theatre.THE French Cabinet, the municipal Courts and thePolice have all been obliged or pleased to make in- vestigations into how much n human flesh, 11 as the newspaper puts it, or how little, should be exhibited on FrenchStages. Practically it was coming to be quite the usualthing for pretty women to walk on to the stages nakedsave for a little fringe, some beads a la Bakst, and ahead-dress.Then began much argument in Paris ahout it all.Mile. Mistinguet and M. Antoine even entered into thediscussion. Antoine says he prefers nudities on the stageto risqu£ songs. Mile. Mistinguet finds the nude onlyobjectionable on the stage when it moves about. Othersfound other things to say.As there is no firm reason to be rendered why someof us cannot abide a gaping pig, why others a harmlessnecessary cat, so can I give no reason more than a lodgedhate and an unreasonable loathing against the whole bu- siness of flesh displayed in the Theatre.One journal shed rather a new light on the wholematter :—n Several eminent psychologists declare that, as -n a rule, it is the women in the theatre audiences rathern than the men who encourage the undress among the11 stage beauties, and enjoy seeing them carry it to an shocking degree. In this they are in perfect agreementn with the opinion recently expressed by Miss Ann Pen- -11 nington the American dancer.n 4lt is women, * said Miss Pennington, * who love bestB to see a trim ankle, a shapely calf, a perfect knee andB the rippling curves of the feminine back exhibited on the11 stage. It is wrong to blame men for stage nudity. TheB women are the ones who insist upon it. BMiss Pennington may be right.... it seems all one tome. The stage I have always had intense admiration f0r...,and so it grieves me to see the stage allowing this sort oftom-foolery. As for anyone stopping it except the dramatic authors,actors, dancers and others who belong to the stage, it isfarcical to think of. They could stop it tomorrow. Willthey ?... Have they that much sense ?1723. n In£s de Castro n, a tragedy by Lamotte, wasproduced here on April 6th.Early in December the Theatre Comedie Frangaisewas closed on account of the death of the Due d'Or- leans.Lachapelte died on May 29th.Mile. Lamotte made her debut at the Com6die Fran- saise on October Ist.Bremys died on November 25th.Moli&amp;re's daughter, Madeleine, died, childless.Marmontel, oean Francois), was born.1623. The Theatre du Marais, situated in the RueVille du Temple, was built this year.1623. Nicolo Barbieri detto Beltrame came to Paris.His B Supplica *, one of the rarest of books by an actoron the condition of the stage in the late 16th and early17th centuries was now being prepared by him, and waspublished in 1634 at Venezia. (See page 12). In thisvolume the publisher gave two and a half pages of hisAnnouncements at the end, and it is interesting to comeacross two of the items mentioned ; i. e. Saggi di MichelSigner di Montagna n, a quarto; and B Apologia di Rai- mondo di Sebouda del Medesimo n, a quarto. In 1518Montaigne went to Italy for his health, was in Romawhere he stayed at an inn L'Orso n close by the Tordi Nona where later, in 1660, one of the most famoustheatres of Roma was constructed—destroyed—reconstructed—and over and over again destroyed. This edition ofMontaigne's work was probably the first to appear in theItalian language, this advertisement in the actor's bookpossibly the first announcement. o BORDEAUX 1823. Monsieur Goethals acquired a house in the RueMably, No. 28, and M. Lafargue adapted it into a privatetheatre which was called the R Salle de l'Ath6n£e *. MUNC H E N 1823. On Tuesday, January 14th, the Hoftheaterwas burnt down, and in this same year Leo Von Klenzestarted rebuilding it from the original plans by K. vonFischer. It was completed in 1825. LONDON 1823. William Hone published his * Ancient Myste- ries described etc. 11, in London. It was an Bvo of 300pages with 13 engravings on copper and wood.On May Bth the opera * Clari n or * The Maidof Milan n, by Howard Payne and Bishop, was producedat Covent Garden Theatre. The air of * bjpme SweetHome * comes into the opera. LONDON CONTINUED. John Philip Kemble, after returning from a visit toItaly, died at Lausanne aged 66 on February 26th at aquarter past nine, and was buried on March Ist.€$ On May 13th at Covent Garden Macready firstplayed Shylock.On October 27th, at the Drury Lane Theatre,during the performance of 11 The Cataract of the Ganges n,a surprising effect was introduced, real water gushing outin place of an imitation of the water. Everyone wasmore than thrilled. The notion was a poor one, but notnew, the kind of thing having been tried with success inthe seventeenth century in Roma by Bernini as a jest.At Drury Lane it was done with becoming seriousnessfitted to the time and place and circumstances, it havingcost much money and the piece having been especiallywritten to the water and some horses which floundered inthe water.Nov. 14. Kean retired to the house built at his ownexpense on a portion of his twenty acres of land in the Isle ofBute, tired of his triumphs and everything else. Fromhere he wrote to Mr Phillips : 11 Dear Phillips, Mrs Keanwrote to Elliston on the Bth, telling him that I had notabove one week to live. All is well by my keepingaway. Dam the Ganges, to prevent further overflow: sendto hell the Prometheus that animated the statue: set fireto the Bun Row ; and then I will return—at any timevery reluctantly—for this is the most beautiful place inthe world. Write and send me play-bills every day.How was the box-plan for the 17th ? I can get anotherdoctors's certificate if it is necessary. Yours sincerely,Edmund Kean. P. S. Written with the snuffers B.1723-24. The Drury Lane managers produced B Harle- quin Dr. Faustus B in rivalry of John Rich, who, thesame year (December), produced B Necromancer Harle- quin Executed B at Lincoln's Inn Fields.Pantomime became a greater attraction than ordinary acting; drew £. 1000 a week as compared to £. 500of the talk plays of that time.Hogarth designed and etched a plate showing thepopularity of the Italian opera and pantomime.1623. Shakespeare's first Folio, containing 36 plays,was printed R according to the original copies R by IsaacJaggard and Edward Blount at their establishment nearSt Dunstan's church. It formed a volume of nearly1000 double-column On the title page was anengraved portrait of the author.About this time the Curtain Theatre was destroyed.William Sands received a license for showing amotion or marionette show called R Chaos of the World Rand another called n The Creation of the World R.On July 20th Sir John Astley sold to HenryHerbert for the sum of £. 150 a year, the office ofMaster of the Revels. Herbert was knighted by the kingat the same time. He was brother of George Herbert,the poet. AMERICA 1823. During this year the first theatre in NewOrleans was being built. In 1824 it was opened.1823. Mrs Melmoth died in New York at the age ofseventy-four. She made her d£but November 20th 1793 asn Euphrasia w in Murphy's n The Grecian Daughter1823. The Theatre in Chestnut Street, Philadelphiawas rebuilt and opened. EDITORIAL NOTES. J. S. ABOVE all, there must he no suggestion of theTheatrical.This is one of Stanislawsky's orders to his playerswhen about to begin rehearsing " The Blue Bird " in Moscow.His whole discourse, a very charming one, has been re- printed in an American journal, from which we take theabove line.And that line reveals the mind of Stanislawsky better thana ten years enquiry could do." No suggestion of the Theatrical ". The deuce !OI WILL give another toast at this table. " Gentlemen,nothing but the Theatrical ".If I have not carried my hearers with me, then they arenot of the Theatre.In ■ The Blue Bird «, in ■ The Yellow Dwarf «,in " TheYoung Person in Pink ", in the plays of Tchekov, Gorki,Gogol, Shakespeare, Sheridan, Moliere, and Conrad, be Thea- trical and again Theatrical and nothing but Theatrical. AMERICAN CLAP-TRAP. WHEN we read in London Papersof Interviews with the AmericanImpresario Mr Morris Gest we areovercome with something which wecannot give an exact name to. It'snot all nausea, not all contempt, notall a roar of laughter, nor is all thisproduced by thinking of Mr Gest.The Interviewer makes us think thatLondon Interviewers have lost all talent.Enter the Interviewer of the n Eve- ning Glory n to the presence of MrGest who is at the Savoy Hotel. TheInterviewer does not even know whatto do with his hands ; he begins tofumble at once. He allows Mr Gestto speak as though Mr Gest were MrThomas Hardy or M. Anatole France.The Interviewer seriously interviews him.Have the London papers lost alltheir sense of proportion ? Who the dic- kens is this Mr Morris Gest that our British Public wants to be told whathe is going to produce next season ?To begin with Gest n produces nnothing : all he does is to buy andsell. B The next idea in theatricalWaiters n says this same Gest, is thereligious play. The masses are reli- gious and they want to see a playwhich embodies the instinct of religion B.That's Gest's first speech.Now it would be quite worth hea- ring what the next idea * is to beif Mr Gest knew it. He doesn't.But that's nothing against him: heknows he doesn't know it. All heknows is he's going to boom religionin Theatres of the States.He goes on : B / am going to producein America The Miracle n, etc,Not one word does he say aboutMonsieur Max Bernhardt who is reallygoing to produce the men who produceit. B Now is the chance for theTheatre to preach the gospel of faithin God and faith in human kind "says Gest; .... R have you got thatdown ? R he probably added.He then goes on talking about moralplays and how America is dead tiredof B unpleasant plays n and n naugh- tiness What humbug!The article is headed in big lines :* STAGE'S MISSIONOF RELIGION ".If these men, (and we say it withall seriousness), these impresarios, areallowed to ruin the stage by theirblatant vulgarity and lowest shop me- thods, every artist worth his salt willleave the Theatre.You must be rid of the whole packof these cheap-jacks before our menand women will put the house in order.Yet Ervine and Agate, Watson, God- frey^urner, and other attitudinizing criticsremain silent before such folk.Do you suppose we shall bring outideas worth anything while these fellowsare arpund to spoil all that is worthwhile ?Another piece of information MrGest gave the Interviewer soon afterhis reference to God and the Churchwas : * You must serve up your moralwith something that tastes good. Thatis why in n The Miracle n I amgoing to engage the most beautifulwomen. I want the most beautiful wo- man I can find in England and I wantbeautiful women of other nationalities n.Let us add what he forgot to mention,which is, that he wants these beautifulEnglishwomen for Professor Max Rein- hardt's production of 11 The Miracle n.....Reinhardt who, during the war,lent his organizing power to destroying Englishmen. That is who and whatMr Gest wants n beautiful Englishwomen n to serve. And now as wego to press we hear he has secured one.No, no England, if you play gameslike this and can find no one to protestyou'd better close up your Dramaticworld. There being money behindGest, one critic protested. Butwhere is the Actors Association ? THE ACTORS' ASSOCIATION. MR. Balance, in his Note on Exhi- bitions and Books, (page 5) sug- gests that the actors should get togetherand give an exhibition of their work toshow what they are doing to preparefor the coming of the new Drama, justas the scenographers, architects andstage-managers have been showing us re- cently what they have done, and are doing.Are the actors disunited ? If so,why ? Indeed, if the actors of Englandare disunited, they have no reason tobe so, since there exists a centre ——The Actors' Association. But whatdoes it do ? And what is it, thisassociation ?There is, of course, Mr. Lugg thesecretary, who is giving his whole lifeto the work: « a young man, ener- getic, devoting himself to one thinginstead of six: broad-minded; neveridle for a moment from one year's endto another. Why should there be anyexcuse for the actors in England beingdisunited ? Is there, perhaps, the bestof excuses; a reason ?Is it that the Actors' Association isheading towards nowhere —: with arudder, but without a destination?Some feel that Mr. Lugg would bejust as well fitted to improve the lotof the stone-breakers or any otherunfortunates.This union of actors, what exactlyis it ? Is it a union in the sense of aTrade Union or some Missionary Union?We fear it is; and if so, it does notappeal to us. We do not look on theprofession at all as a trade or a mission,although we suppose trade is a prettygood thing, and we know missions aregood. But it does not seem to us thatit was necessary to band together tosay n We won't do this w or B Wewill be master in our own house B ornwe will be good n. It seems to usa matter of course that any associationof actors should be founded on a farsterner and a far more ideal basis thanthis association seems to be, if it is toawaken the admiration of the entireprofession and attract every actor andactress to its banner. I doubt very much if any of theactors and actresses in the associationhave any notion what their professionhas stood for these last 500 years.I doubt whether they know why itexists to-day, except to bring them anengagement. Of course, they like theirwork and do it well. But an asso- ciation of Actors should know morethan this ; should have some old idealto keep moving towards. It costsnothing and at the end of 50 years ifan advance has been made, every manis the gainer.We have found good actors, whilesympathetic towards Mr. Lugg, andwhile considering him as a man ofenergy and fine character, regrettingthis: that he does not come torealize that though the Actors' Asso- ciation is quite right to help its membersto get their minimum wage, this shouldbe secondary, and only after it haswarned them first that the Stage expectsthem to make the maximum effort intheir work, and to remember that theirwork is all being done not onlyfor their own individual gain and com- fort, but also for the ultimate good ofthe Drama, and its house theTheatre. OUR FRIEND CLUNN LEWIS. OLD Mr Clunn Lewis the EnglishPuppet man is not St Francis ofAssisi. St Francis learned and taughtto beg, ....and taught that it was ashame to fear to beg, n In the nameof God give B was his formula:....a demand one would imagine terribleto refuse.Mr Lewis cannot go around andbeg ....in anyone's name. No one there- fore fears to refrain from giving himhis tiny Theatre or enough to rest alittle more comfortably on.His could but be a feeble appealdid he ever have to beg. * In thename of England give 11 No,that demand has been made so often....and turned down. 11 In the nameof Satan, give B. Ah ha I we mightleave it at that, since neither the nameof God nor of old England movesthese folk who will not stop and thinknor dare to feel.Mr Clunn Lewis has his puppetsnow at 140 Maple Road, Penge,London, S. E.There may be a few among ourreaders who will understand why wegive this address, ...and who will notlet their opportunity pass unperceived.An old Chinese sage once wrote:I expect to pass through this worldbut once. Any good therefoie that I can do, or any kindness that I canshow to any fellow creature, let medo it now* 1 will not defer or neglectit... for I shall not pass this way again n. o ALL ARTISTS oREVOLUTIONARIES . THE great Dancer is reported tohave said to an interviewer that" All artists are at heart Revolutionists n. They certainly are.They revolt against compromise against disorder against the undisci- plined —1 against all that looks likeliberty and is no such thing.As for any artist being in sympathywith Bolshevism, Communism, FrenchRevolutionism, that is all well-knownto be moonshine. An artist has onethought only, ....his art his work and then as an after thought, his breadand butter. But, to get the meansto be able to lodge like a prince atthe Ritz, no artist, (since he is thatand no Prince), is really more admiredby the world for his compromise, however it may sometimes seem at themoment.The friends of a great artist have,since compromise became an art, some- times felt exasperated that he wouldnot compromise and so win a monetarywordly success and do them credit.So far as we have noted in the longstory of the centuries there were alwaysplenty of good artists who flashed outswaggerly in their silks and tie wigsand chariots and entertainments, andas many as good who did not.Take a glance a long one at the History of the Stage it isall re-told there : ...same game as today. THE ACTORS' DICTIONARY. PUPPETS are in danger of losingthe little something they possess.In some lands they are being n takenup n: not by artists; that wouldn'tmatter, but by others.Sometimes to use as political propa- ganda ; sometimes for a fad ; sometimesfor money-making; always the wronguse is made of them in France, Eng- land and America. As was to beexpected. Diavolo!Their chief use is to the actor ; asa medium for studying the art of acting.Then to amuse children; or to helpout the recital of a good play.But since actors never make use ofthem as the writer makes use of theDictionary; since children rarely areallowed to go to even a Puppet playhouse; and since good plays, whenwritten, are seldom of interest to anyone,the need for the Puppet is gone.A false need is put in its place, andto gratify this a false kind of puppetis manufactured.Possibly the best use is that whichthe Americans make of this trifle : they aim at making money out of it.They search for the latest thing inpuppets, ....and get it.Meantime a few people will regretever having mentioned the word n Pup- pet n, if this is all that is to happen. FOREIGNERS LONDON and Manchester are againwelcoming the foreigners. Russiansand Austrians are gentlemen who makegood music, and why shouldn't Londonand Manchester afford them ? It willbe foreign money which will pay forthem, and why not ?The Arts and the Theatres maysome day become once more of realimportance are they at present ?If we think they are, that is anothermatter, for we think a lot of sillysentimental things. If we think thatEnglishmen and Scotchmen and Irishmenin the House of Lords and the Houseof Commons are preferable to foreign- ers what of that ? Our opinionis shared by a majority, .... and thesame majority, if consulted, would votefor all English, Scotch and Irish poets,musicians, plays, and operas.But still what of that ? A CORRECTION. WHEN the International TheatreExhibition was in London manyof the play-writers and the actors,instead of being glad of the littlesuccess achieved by the men who hadbrought gifts and given them gratis tothe Theatre, were heard grumbling andsneering.Some even wrote churlishly in thepapers and some saw that things werewritten.The principal cry raised was thatGordon Craig had brought about anExhibition of Theatrical Art with thetwo principal parts left out of it, ....i. e.Actor and Play-writer.He therefore wishes us to state thathe fought for both but was overborne.We will quote from Mr Craig's firstarticle in n The Times n, January 6th1922,... written five months beforethere was any thought (outside of hisown head), of such an exhibition being held in London, It was an article onthe preliminary Exhibition to be heldin Amsterdam.n I have not been told whether twoof the principal figures in our theatreworld will be exhibiting—l mean thedramatist and the performer. If not,we must not jeer at Amsterdam, forwe know quite well that the dramatistand the performer are nightly exhibitingin every city of the world. For mypart, if I were ever to direct such anInternational Exhibition I should try tomake it a sine qua non that the mostfamous professional dramatists and per- formers should show the world whatthey would like to give it, if quitefree n. *Plain enough words these.Mr Craig was not called to directthe London Exhibition; in his ownwords, n there were better directors onthe spot. fl so it is the Committee(several actors were upon it and somemanagers) you must blame if actors andplay-writers were excluded.Amongst those on the Committeewere :Mr Oscar Asche.Mr Granville Barker.Mr Charles B. Cochran.Miss Edith Craig.Mr John Drinkwater.Sir Johnston Forbes Robertson.Sir Martin Harvey.Mr Barry Jackson.Mr Alfred Lugg.Mr Walter Payne.Mr Nigil Playfair.Miss Ellen Terry.Miss Sibyl Thorndyke.Miss Irene Vanbrugh.Mr Fisher White.And Mr Bernard Shaw attended themeetings.That makes 3 dramatists, 10 actorsand actresses, 6 managers.We know quite well that Mr Craigmeant what he wrote in n The Times n.Now then, ....why didn't actors andplay-writers support his proposition whenit was made, if what they wanted wasfor actors and dramatists to lend a handand share in the fun ? And whydidn't the dramatists' and actors' repre- sentatives on the Committee see thatthey were brought into it if they wantedto be in it ? And why do they directtheir complaints against the one manwho wrote and fought on their behalf ?The South Kensington Museum isnot permitted to give performances.Well, what of that ? Couldn't aTheatre have eagerly collaborated ?Something very good could have beenarranged. What was Sir Gerald DuMaurier doing ? ....where was Miss Viola Tree? ....where, oh where MissPhyllis Neilson Terry ? We lookedfor these on the opening day ; the crowdwas waiting for them; they waited tosee them enjoying this victory for thetheatrical art even as we have enjoyedseeing their victories. They waited invain, ....for these and a number of theother actors and actresses ....well,well I THANK GOD I AMNOT AS OTHER MEN. HOW DAVID BELASCOo SEES HIMSELF o n I am not in the class of those whon think that they can improve then handiwork of the Almighty n.{David Belasco t U. S. A. 1923).SJ That's all right for a beginning :but we want to see it dawning on MrBelasco that he is still in the class ofthose who spoil the handiwork of theAlmighty. A WORD OF APPRECIATION. IN the work done for the Internati- onal Theatre Exhibition in England,there have been many who have givensterling service to our cause and theirnames are well known.The name we would like to singleout for the highest praise is that ofMr. MARTIN HARDIE,the Honorary Secretary. RADIO w TS Radio an enemy of the Theatre ?,n1 asks Mr. Charles D. Isaacson,seriously; and, waiting two momentsfor an answer, gets it... gets it in thattime because he radios it to himself.n Fighting, as I constantly am, for abetter art in the Theatre, n he saysn I say the Radio cannot transplant theliving Theatre. nBut it all depends upon what Mr.Isaacson means by the living Theatre.If he means the thing that is livingand breathing and very much in evi- dence to-day, then we are sorry tohear that the Radio cannot transplantthat. But we hope, nay, are ratherinclined to prophesy, that it will helpto transplant that. Still as we cannotcall a spade a spade in this instance,Radio being more* like a breath ofwind than a gardening implement,Radio will not precisely n transplant, n Radio will blow upon it and, let ushope, exterminate it.We feel satisfied that Radio or, asit is called in England, Broadcastingis bound to finish off what the Ci- nema began. Mr Isaacson's n livingTheatre, H that is to say the Theatreof London, Paris and New York andmost other places, is merely a take-it- easy Theatre. The moment an ener- getic Cinema or Radio catches sightof a take-it-easy Theatre it swallows itup, gobbles it down.Whether we like the Cinema, or likeBroad-casting better or not so well, isnot the question. What we dislike isa sleepy, dawdling Theatre. Not tobe destroyed by Radio, it will haveto jump up and run for its life.... andit will do anything but jump up.... itprefers to be walked on.In the Cinema you can see a playand not hear it ; in Radio you canhear a play and not see it; but in the Theatre proper you can go tosleep and not know it.When Mr. Barker wrote his bookattacking the English actors, MissNeilson-Terry in the n Pall Mall Ga- zette n asked, n Why cannot peopleleave us alone? They do nothing butabuse us. n If people do abuse theActors and Actresses it is because theywont stop flirting with Cinema, Radio,and any money attraction, and becausethey leave their Theatre to act gladly forthe Cinema and recite for the Radiowhich will pay them. When actorscease those tricks and stay in theTheatre, stop intrigue, stop being unin- formed, wake up, learn not only theirbusiness but what the whole Theatreexists for, then people like Mr Barkerwill not write books 11 abusing n them.€| Then we shall have the excellentCinema and Radio for their own peo- ple : our own dear Theatre for ourpeople. INCORRECT.FROM THE SHEFFIELD DAILY TELEGRAPH. AUGUST 9 1923. " |\/[R CRAIG maintains that ...the play is not the mainIVI thing, nor the acting; the scene is the main thing€J And in the same article, seven lines further down :" According to Mr Craig's gospel the business of the playis to live up to the scenery, not for the scenery to affordatmosphere for the play ".Cjj So incorrect, as our readers know, are these twostatements that they may be dubbed falsehoods.Neither in his last book, nor in any book, does Mr Craigmaintain any such rubbish. The " Sheffield Daily Telegraph "should be above such perversion of the truth. FOLLOW THE LEADERS, WE are winning—and don't forgetit for a moment.It was in 1908 that n The Mask, Brepresenting Mr Gordon Craig for En- gland, Miss Isadora Duncan for Ame- rica, M. Adolphe Appia for Switzer- land, Herr Reinhardt for Germany,M. Stanislawsky for Russia, Signor To- scanini for Italy, Mr W. B. Yeats forIreland, Madame Yvette Guilbert, forFrance, the late Wyspiansky for Poland,and the theatre artists of Holland, ofSpain, of Austria, stood firm,—if alonein this— and cried out the wordsn The Artist as Leader and noother• wTo this declaration we still adhere.A few of you have hesitated and shuffled, but most have been true andremain so.Those who have shuffled can nowlook around and see if what we saidwas not true and destined to prevail.The Artist has been leading forsome years now,—no longer alone.Many have followed and more arefollowing every month. All over Europeand America men have been stirredand things are moving.Patience, more confidence moreendurance—more good humour ; moreloyalty to your leaders ; —more adhesionto them—and you will win with us.