Digital Transcription and Facsimile of Broom, Vol. 5, No. 1 (1923-08) naap_1923-08_01 Princeton University Library 2 types (wrapper &amp; inside), doesn't seem to be handmade paper, no watermarks etc 68 19.5 27 new pagination images on inside paper 4 pages of advertisements new font, similar but slightly different from the font used in Berlin Inscription in grey pencil 'august 1923' on cover cover in wrappers (glued), inside stapled images on glossy paper (probably as glued-in inserts) Sold for 50 cents . EX, Princeton, Princeton University Library stamp on front cover Broom Harold A. Loeb edt pbl Slater Brown edt Malcolm Cowley edt Matthew Josephson edt Broom pbl Select Printing Company, Inc. New York prt Announces the resignation of Lola Ridge 5 1 August 1923 47 West 34th Street, New York Broom Cover Design Lurcat cre Illustration 1 Table of Contents 2 I Shall Name Him Egbert William Gamaliel Shepard cre 3 Drawing Juan Gris cre Illustration 4 Snapshot of a Young Lady Malcolm Cowley cre 5-12 Drawing Juan Gris cre Illustration 13 Kabnis Jean Toomer cre 14-18 Indians in Spring Janet Lewis cre 18 On Board the Morning Star Pierre MacOrlan cre Malcolm Cowley trl 19-30 Woodcut Daragnès cre Illustration 19 Woodcut Daragnès cre Illustration 30 Three Poems Wilfrid H. Bendall cre 31-33 The Chasms Wilfrid H. Bendall cre 31-32 Rest Wilfrid H. Bendall cre 32 [Untitled] Wilfrid H. Bendall cre 32-33 A Note on Juan Gris and Cubism H. A. L. cre 34-36 Drawing Juan Gris cre Illustration 35 Drawing Juan Gris cre Illustration 37 The Poet Assassinated Guillaume Apollinaire cre Matthew Josephson trl 38-46 Drawing Juan Gris cre Illustration 47 Sammy Plays the Pawn Robert Alden Sanborn cre 48 Book Reviews 49-56 NOTATIONS ON THE CAPTAIN'S DOLL Jean Toomer cre 49-51 Poets of the Catacombs M. J. cre 51-53 The Orissers, by L. H. Meyers. 53-56 New Books Received 56 Comment BROOM: 1921—1923 Harold A. Loeb cre 57-60 Toward a Professional Prose Matthew Josephson cre 61-63 It is with deep regret that we announce the resignation of Miss 63 Broom logo Illustration 68 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 64 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 65 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 66 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 66 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 66 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 66 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 66 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 66 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 67 BROOM AN INTERNATIONAL MAGAZINE OF THE ARTS Editor, Harold A. Loeb Associate Editors, Siater Brown, Malcolm Cowley, Matthew Josephson August, 1923 Published Monthly Vol. 5, No. 1 Cover Design—Lurcat Page I Shall Name Him Egbert—William Gamaliel Shepard .... 1 Drawings—Juan Gris 2, 11 Snapshot of a Young Lady—Malcolm Cowley 3 Kabnis—Jean Toomer 12 Indians in Spring—Janet Lewis 16 On Board the Morning Star—Pierre MacOrlan 17 Woodcuts— Daragnes 17,28 Three Poems —Wilfrid H. Bendall 29 Note on Gris and Cubism—H. A. L. 32 Drawings—Juan Gris 33,35,45 The Poet Assassinated —Guillaume Apollinaire 36 Sammy Plays the Pawn —Robert Alden Sanborn 46 Book Reviews: Notations on the Captain's Doll—Jean Toomer 47 Poets of the Catacombs —M. J 49 The Orissers 51 Castle Conquer 53 A History of Art 53 Comment : Broom: 1921-1923 —Harold A. Loeb 55 Toward a Professional Prose —Matthew Josephson .... 59 The Editors of Broom will be pleased to consider mss. submitted to them, but all mss. must be accompanied by a self-addressed stamped envelope. The Editors cannot be held responsible for mss. lost in transit. Broom is published monthly at 47 West 34th Street, New York, by The Broom Publishing Company, Inc. Second class mail privileges applied for. Copy - right, 1923, by The Broom Publishing Company, Inc. Business and Advertising Office 47 West 34th Street New York $5 a Year Editorial Office 49 West 12th Street New York 50 Cents the Copy 1 I SHALL NAME HIM EGBERT why Egbert? there was a king named Egbert, my grandmother told me about him. No word now, Oh not one word to cut the links of knowing. I hover, I fall, I shatter and rise and am one and two. I circle the spheres, the comets shy as I passing burn. The bones I own are those of Eve and of a wooly ape and of a handful of dust rutting in the sun. I have trod the course from God's postern. Now beloved the pushing words that filled and died? "Oh mystery of life, there are no mysteries in life, let the philosopher come, in one lesson he will read the moonbeam and hear the message in a straw's round horn." William Gamaliel Shepard Juan Gris Drawing 3 SNAPSHOT OF A YOUNG LADY Biggest of its kind in the world. The blue rubberneck bus with a cargo of 25 brides and 25 grooms from Jersey City and points west (plus an unmarried New Yorker) turned hugely from Fifth Avenue into one of the East Sixties, and stopped. "Ladies and Gentlemen, on your left is the residence of Miss Virginia Johnson the heiress to millions who is rapidly becoming famous for her untiring pursuit of Hawkbill the master criminal and her courage in face of his threats although but a slip of a girl she follows him from the gilded clubs of Westchester County to the haunts of Lower West Side gangsters and has been called 'by a jury of twelve qualified experts the perfect type of American girl for whom billions are earned on Wall Street and spent in Paris and in fact the heroine of every novel of every moving picture. . A window opened in the Johnson mansion and a printed streamer unrolled. It bore the legend: THE VICISSITUDES OF VIRGINIA A Film from the Life Released in all good playhouses May 27 Pale, lovely and courageous a face appeared at the window, with hazel eyes and a kissable pouting mouth under a mound of golden hair. Virginia Johnson. I became conscious of a desire, not entirely unself - ish, to aid her at any cost in the pursuit of Hawkbill. ". . . It was her miniature which pioneers hid next to their hearts when crossing the Alleghanies when crossing the Great Valley her portrait and none other which was born tenderly by New Bedford whaling captains round the Cape and round the world and home." I followed an impulse to leap from the car, rush to her door. I rang obstinately. I pounded on the glass between the iron grills with all my forces. Nobody came, and with a gradual miasma of literature the slow night fell. A blue patrolman watched me. The rubberneck bus had disappeared: at 125th Street it overturned suddenly and all my companions, fifty, without distinction of sex, were killed. 4 2. "Come!" she said, and tapped me on the shoulder with her white hand. I rose to follow. I was Smith Masterman: why should I follow her? A scientist of repute, a star reporter on Manhattan's biggest daily, a criminal investigator to whom the mystery of the Kennedy diamonds had recently been entrusted. It was not my only case. I was endeavouring at the same time to unravel the Saltoun murder, which seemed to be linked uncannily with the disappearance of 109 matched diamonds the size of robin's eggs, that sole and immense fortune of the beautiful Mrs. Robinson Kennedy—Ada, as I had learned to call her. And there was Hawkbill, the master criminal whose nose in the shape of a vulture's beak had earned him this sobriquet. He baffled my every step. Should I follow this girl— more beautiful than Ada Kennedy had ever been—she would lead me almost certainly into his power. Listen. Is somebody knocking at the door? "Come!" she said again. "I am afraid, Father ..." Her cheeks went white and red as if the hands of Hawkbill were at her throat already. A tear gathered, there, at a corner of her enormous hazel eyes, under the mound of golden hair. I hesitated no longer. I followed her and should have followed if Hawkbill had been Satan. My room contained a few worn chairs, a jumble of scientific ap - paratus, a typewriter: companions and tools of my hasty career. I stole a look at them —perhaps the last—and hurried down the stairs into her limousine. It turned northward. She huddles there beside me. A bond of sympathy unites us in - visibly as if during all my life I had written about no one else and for no other audience. She whispers, "We shall be too late." I try to comfort her, but a sense of catastrophe weighs on me so heavily that words refuse to come. Memories jumbled in an old cigar box. We halted before her mansion in the sixties. Walters, the butler, seemed to be waiting and swung the door open before we crossed the sidewalk. I remarked his sideburns, his disingenuous eyes, a spot on his waistcoat which might have been blood. We rushed upstairs. On the way I stopped to examine a sheet of yellow paper, without water - mark, torn from the sort of pad which is used in high schools, pinned negligently to a Gobelins tapestry. It contained the rude image of a falcon's beak. Were we indeed too late? 5 On the second floor is the Johnson library, or rather the room which people have agreed to call the library on account of its contain - ing the only books in the house: namely, the eleventh edition of the Encyclopedia Britannica, bound volumes of the Atlantic Monthly from 1890 to 1903 and half a dozen novels which Virginia had borrowed from her room-mate at boarding school and forgotten to return. It is from one of these that I quote a vivid if none too accurate account of the Johnson murder: "At one end of the desk was a telephone. Taylor Johnson was lying on the floor at the end of the desk —perfectly rigid—his face distorted—a ghastly figure. A pet dog ran over, sniffed frantically at his master's legs and suddenly began to howl dismally. "Johnson was dead! " 'Help!' shouted Walters. "Others of the servants came rushing in. There was for the mo - ment the greatest excitement and confusion. "Suddenly a wild figure in flying garments flitted down the stairs and into the library, dropping beside the dead man without seeming to notice us at all. " 'Father!' shrieked a woman's voice, heart-broken. 'Father! Oh —my God—he —he is dead.' And she fainted. "Over her body and over the cold body of the man who for twenty years had controlled the political destinies of New York City, I swore to pursue his murderer, to track him down, to bring him before the bar of justice of the Eternal. "Newsboys were crying on the dusky streets and their shouts reached me even there. 'Extry. Extry. GERMANS INVADE BELGIUM. Extry.'" 3. I never thought her real. They say her mother bore her not as a woman gives birth to a child or a tree to its fruits but rather as a tree might sacrifice the richness of its sap, or even its life, to produce a single perfect and frangible flower. Her birth was aseptic and mechanical. They say her mother never bore her at all. They say her mother before she died fell into a delirium, during whose course she prophesied of her daughter: "Virginia will have every gift, being rich, beautiful and ignorant of evil. Her arms are white as bread. Her hair gleams beyond envy of peroxide. She rides, 6 shoots, swims with precise gestures and lives before the camera as under God's eye. "She has many suitors and she accepts none. The world rides horseback to disaster. "If ever she loves she will find love and death and the knowledge of evil, and in the same moment. She dies virgin under the symbol of her name. She is like Indian pipe or maybe dogwood. The world rides horseback to disaster and the old dog has learned to beg for cookies." 4. She is a spot in the desert lying so still that the buzzards circle over, none of them quite daring to descend. There will be time before sun - set, before the coyotes. Who has frightened the buzzards away? He stands above her watching without pity. The knife is poised in his hand. She wakens. Full of the purest horror Virginia looked at him for a moment which stretched backward and forward into time. Her life revolved before her eyes. She could remember a row of Fifth Avenue shops and commencement day at Miss Stoughton's School on Hudson. Fear dried her mouth, suggesting the taste of Romance Caramels and afterwards the memory of all the candy boxes she had emptied. At the same time she felt the significance of the moment and kept trying to repeat: I have kept the faith, have kept the faith. The knife de - scended. Is it a dream? A shot rang out. I dragged his body aside. Half-breed Pete had been known for his sullen good-looks, and there were dozens of women in the lonely ranchos who had suffered his fascination. He was considered capable of any infamy, but until he fell under the influence of Hawkbill he had never dared an open crime. The buzzards will return. Virginia had fainted again, but I found it no difficulty to restore her and to force a little nourishment between her blue lips. I led her to the saddled horses, to follow the trail of Hawkbill. Another hundred yards and it was confused hopelessly by the hoofprints of his pursuers. There was one hope left: to climb the mountain. Up a precipitous gully: the horses can hold their footing no longer: abandon them and climb, climb the face of vertiginous cliffs where a stumble would plunge us a thousand feet, where the breaking of this little root would open the doors of space. Virginia never whimpers. Damn these spurs. The sheer rock has imperceptible fissures by the 7 aid of which we mount higher, faster, till the world opens out, higher, till the sun sets, till we reach the summit and look, over blue foothills and a plain, westward to the Pacific. Small as a fly, a yacht was climbing over its vertical waters. I looked through my telescope and gave it to Virginia without comment. On a pennant which floated from the masthead was painted the design of a falcon's beak. "Once more, Hawkbill, you escape us, but not for long. "We shall follow you until your death or ours. "By this drop of blood you drew from the white wrist of Virginia, by the spilt blood of the bravest and purest of women, by her murdered father I swear it: "WE SHALL MEET AGAIN." 5. The storm subsided, the waves rolled back and left me sprawled half-conscious on the beach of Vicissitude Island. It is a volcanic rock surrounded by coral reefs and lying in the South Pacific at a latitude which, on account of the circumstances of my arrival and departure, I was never able to determine. Indeed I doubt whether Vicissitude Island has any fixed location. It moves about in search of shipwrecked sailors. When they have spent a day and a night in the water, swimming more from habit than a definite hope, it looms suddenly before their eyes and they fall on its beach exhausted. It has been known by a multitude of names. Its nature is substantially the same as when Robinson Crusoe discovered it. For vegetation and animal life I must refer you to my monograph on The Fauna and Flora of Vicissitude Island (Schenectady: Inter - ocean Press. $1.65). Its conspicuous features are a large dry cave overlooking the sea, palm trees which supply food, drink and clothing, finally the eggs of turtles which are discovered in the hot sands and afterwards baked in the embers of a fire kindled with the matches I always carry in a water - proof case. My life on its shores was bestial, idyllic and flavoured with the memories of my great predecessors. I kept a journal. Sometimes after a late dinner I grew pleasantly tipsy with cocoanut wine, and at such moments dared to extract a snapshot of Virginia Johnson from its hiding place against my breast. It had been taken during a picnic on her estate at Tarrytown, at a period when we believed, by a guilty 8 optimism, that Hawkbill had been drowned in the sinking of the Lusi - tania. Virginia wore a riding habit and was pretending to puff at a cigarette which would never touch her lips. She smiled into the camera. She was beautiful and she might have been mine. I replaced the snapshot against my heart and fell asleep to dream that I was Hawkbill. His every ruse was clear to me, and justified being my own. I had tracked Virginia Johnson across two continents till at last she was in my power, in my arms. If I tracked her down it was to kill, so that the stupid and innocent might suffer and the world be purified by pain. There is no virtue but to be intelligent. The will to die is my only justification for crime. Her eyes are looking up at me with a look which is not surely hate. And the walls fold in, suddenly, confounding us in mutual disaster. A new sun rose. I brooded for weeks over this dream, but finally I became prey to other worries. One morning on the beach I found a long spear of some heavy wood, with its point hardened in the fire. It showed no sign of having been in the water. Another day I saw a paper snake of smoke far out to sea. I lit a fire on the highest promontory and tried to signal, but the steamer, if it was a steamer, disappeared. I did not lose the hope it kindled. Months passed. I was running to the beach one early morning for my swim, when I noticed a black spot lying where the tide had washed it the night before. I rushed towards it. The spot was a woman . . . with golden hair . . . my breath hurts me . . . Virginia. I leaned over, took her wrist gently. The pulse was beating. My lips met hers in the sacrament of a first kiss. . Her eyes half opened. And in the same moment we heard the drum of an aeroplane motor overhead. We looked up. The machine was hardly a hundred yards away and on its under wing was the design of a falcon's beak. For a moment whose possibilities unfolded like paper flowers, we three: Virginia and I and the evil man above, looked one another directly in the face. The savages are approaching in their war canoes. Out of the forest bursts another tribe. Are their arrows poisoned? A machine gun hammers. When I had exhausted the chambers of Virginia's pearl-handed revolver—all the chambers but two —I whirled the heavy spear above my head. War cries out of a mist. The blood of an enemy is a red alcohol. 9 6. "Come!" she said, and tapped me on the shoulder with her white hand. I rose to follow. I was Smith Masterman: why should I follow her? A scientist of repute, a star reporter on Manhattan's biggest daily, a criminal investigator to whom the mystery of the Kennedy diamonds had re - cently been intrusted. It was not my only case. I was endeavouring at the same time to unravel the Saltoun murder, but Hawkbill baffled me at every step. Should I follow this girl—more beautiful than Ada Kennedy had ever been—she would lead me almost certainly into his power. "Come!" she said again. "I am afraid . . ." Her cheeks went red and white as if the hands of Hawkbill were at her throat already. A tear gathered, there, at a corner of her enor - mous hazel eyes, under the mound of golden hair. I hesitated no longer. I followed her and should have followed if Hawkbill had been Satan. As we drove northward she explained the situation to me briefly. Hawkbill had forced his way into her house and at the moment wa3 boring through the steel of her safe with an acetylene torch of his own invention. If we hurried we might capture him. Our search was end - ing in triumph. My arm slipped round her shoulder and she pressed closer. Yet she seemed heavy with a presentiment of evil, as if fear and love had entered her heart at the same time. I tried vainly to comfort her. Walters had swung open the iron grill before we were out of the car. We rushed upstairs, forced the library door. I shall forget no detail, however obscure, of the scene which met our eyes. The door of the safe yawns open. In front of it lies heaped a wealth of gems: pearls, diamonds, rubies such as no man's brain but one could ever imagine. And that one man is sprawled among them in a cutaway with black-striped trousers of which I remember the not extraordinary pattern. Blood drips from a barely perceptible mark in his forehead. His nose is like a vulture's beak and death has made it the colour of horn. And strangely his death brings me no joy, only fatigue and a fore - boding. When I turn to make a commonplace remark which the circumstance would render ghastly, I see Virginia Johnson herself lying 10 motionless on the carpet, while a little blood trickles from a mark which is counterpart to the mark in the forehead of Hawkbill. Hold a mirror gently to her nostrils. The surface of it is troubled with no cloud. She died young, young. Cover her face. Her hair is dead as gold. Her eyes in the sun had violet lights, which danced beyond them to glow in other eyes. Her fingers taper precisely, make no gesture. Cross them in sign of prayer. She died young and she was innocent. They say her mother bore her not as a woman gives birth to a child or a tree to its fruits, but rather as a tree might sacrifice the richness of its sap, or even its life, to produce a flower less perfect and as frangible. Desdemona stifled under a silken pillow, Lucrece dead, the rape of virgin Ophelia by the water. Cats crawl in the elder bushes to die. I have seen the bodies of sparrows rotting in the streets. Hers was the death of a flower I might have plucked. I read of pioneers who crossed the Alleghanies and hid her minia - ture against their hearts. I read of whaling captains from New Bed - ford who bore her portrait with them round the world. They married her never. She might have been mine. Her mouth was possibly smaller than the classic. She had pouting lips and a freckle or two and lived. And Ono stolid Roman matron (Lucrece offended in her constancy,) no Alexandrian martyr and virgin is worthy to be mentioned by her side. She was the sainted innocence of a world grown arbitrary. She died of sanctity. Write on her tomb: She Teas innocent and died. Malcolm Cowley Drawing Juan Gris 12 KABNIS Ralph Kabnis, propped in his bed, tries to read. To read him - self to sleep. An oil lamp on a chair near his elbow burns unsteadily. The cabin room is spaced fantastically about it. Whitewashed hearth and chimney, black with sooty saw-teeth. Ceiling, patterned by the fringed globe of the lamp. The walls, unpainted, are seasoned a rosin yellow. And cracks between the boards are black. These cracks are the lips the night winds use for whispering. Night winds in Georgia are vagrant poets, whispering. Kabnis, agaist his will, lets his book slip down, and listens to them. The warm whiteness of his bed, the lamp-light, do not protect him from the weird chill of their song: White -man's land. Niggers, sing. Burn, bear black children Till poor rivers bring Rest, and sweet glory In Camp Ground. Kabnis' thin hair is streaked on the pillow. His hand strokes the slim silk of his mustache. Hs thumb, pressed under his chin, seems to be trying to give squareness and projection to it. Brown eyes stare from a lemon face. Moisture gathers beneath his arm-pits. He slides down beneath the cover, seeking release. Kabnis: Near me. Now. Whoever you are, my warm glowing sweetheart, do not think that the face that rests beside you is the real Kabnis. Ralph Kabnis is a dream. And dreams are faces with large eyes and weak chins and broad brows that get smashed by the fists of square faces. The body of the world is bull-necked. A dream is a soft face that fits uncertainly upon it. . . God, if I could develop that in words. Give what I know a bull-neck and a heaving body, all would go well with me, wouldnt it, sweetheart? If I could feel that I came to the South to face it. If I, the dream (not what is weak and afraid in me) could become the face of the South. How my lips would sing for it, my songs being the lips of its soul. Soul. Soul hell. There aint no such thing. What in hell was that? A rat had run across the thin boards of the ceiling. Kabnis thrusts his head out from the covers. Through the cracks, a powdery faded red dust sprays down on him. Dust of slave-fields, dried, 13 scattered. . . No use to read. Christ, if he only could drink him - self to sleep. Something as sure as fate was going to happen. He couldnt stand this thing much longer. A hen, perched on a shelf in the adjoining room begins to tread. Her nails scrape the soft wood. Her feathers ruffle. "Get out of that, you egg-laying bitch." Kabnis hurls a slipper against the wall. The hen flies from her perch and cackles as if a skunk were after her. "Now cut out that racket or I'll wring your neck for you." Answering cackles arise in the chicken yard. "Why in Christ's hell cant you leave me alone? Damn it, I wish your cackle would choke you. Choke every mother's son of them in this God-forsaken hole. Go away. By God I'll wring your neck for you if you dont. Hell of a mess I've got in: even the poultry is hostile. Go way. Go way. By God, I'll ..." Kabnis jumps from his bed. His eyes are wild. He makes for the door. Bursts through it. The hen, driving blindly at the window - pane, screams. Then flies and flops around trying to elude him. Kabnis catches her. "Got you now, you she-bitch." With his fingers about her neck, he thrusts open the outside door and steps out into the serene loveliness of Georgian autumn moon - light. Some distance off, down in the valley, a band of pine-smoke, silvered gauze, drifts steadily. The half-moon is a white child that sleeps upon the tree-tops of the forest. White winds croon its sleep - song: rock a-by baby . . Black mother sways, holding a white child on her bosom. when the bough bends . . Her breath hums through pine-cones, cradle will fall . . Teat moon-children at your breasts, down will come baby . . Black mother. Kabnis whirls the chicken by its neck, and throws the head away. Picks up the hopping body, warm, sticky, and hides it in a clump of bushes. He wipes blood from his hands onto the coarse scant grass. Kabnis: Thats done. Old Chromo in the big house there will wonder whats become of her pet hen. Well, it'll teach her a lesson: not to make a hen-coop of my quarters. Quarters. Hell of a fine 14 quarters, I've got. Five years ago; look at me now. Earth's child. The earth my mother. God is a profligate red-nosed man about town. Bastardy; me. A bastard son has got a right to curse his maker. God. . . Kabnis is about to shake his fists heavenward. He looks up, and the night's beauty strikes him dumb. He falls to his knees. Sharp stones cut through his thin pajamas. The shock sends a shiver over him. He quivers. Tears mist his eyes. He writhes. "God Almighty, dear God, dear Jesus, do not torture me with beauty. Take it away. Give me an ugly world. Ha, ugly. Stink - ing like unwashed niggers. Dear Jesus, do not chain me to myself and set these hills and valleys, heaving with folk-songs, so close to me that I cannot reach them. There is a radiant beauty in the night that touches and . . . tortures me. Ugh. Hell. Get up, you damn fool. Look around. What's beautiful there? Hog pens and chicken yards. Dirty red mud. Stinking outhouse. Whats beauty anyway but ugliness if it hurts you? God, he doesnt exist, but nevertheless he is ugly. Hence, what comes from Him is ugly. Lynchers and business men, and that cockroach Hanby, especially. How come that he gets to be principal of a school? Of the school I'm driven to teach in? God's handiwork, doubtless. God and Hanby, they belong together. Two godam moral-spouters. Oh, no, I wont let that emotion come up in me. Stay down. Stay down, I tell you. O Jesus, Thou art beautiful. . . Come, Ralph, pull yourself together. Curses and adoration dont come from what is sane. This loneliness, dumbness, awful, intangible oppression is enough to drive a man insane. Miles from nowhere. A speck on a Georgia hillside. Jesus, can you imagine it —an atom of dust in agony on a hillside ? Thats a spectacle for you. Come, Ralph, old man, pull yourself together." Kabnis has stiffened. He is conscious now of the night wind, and of how it chills him. He rises. He totters as a man would who for the first time uses artificial limbs. As a completely artificial man would. The large frame house, squatting on brick pillars, where the principal of the school, his wife, and the boarding girls sleep, seems a curious shadow of his mind. He tries, but cannot convince himself of its reality. His gaze drifts down into the vale, across the swamp, up over the solid dusk bank of pines, and rests, bewildered-like, on the court - house tower. It is dull silver in the moonlight. White child that sleeps upon the top of pines. Kabnis' mind clears. He sees himself yanked beneath that tower. He sees white minds, with indolent as - sumption, juggle justice and a nigger. . . Somewhere, far off in the 15 straight line of his sight, is Augusta. Christ, how cut off from every - thing he is. And hours, hours north, why not say a lifetime north? Washington sleeps. Its still, peaceful streets, how desirable they are. Its people whom he had always halfway despised. New York? Impossible. It was a fiction. He had dreamed it. An impotent nostalgia grips him. It becomes intolerable. He forces himself to narrow to a cabin silhouetted on a knoll about a mile away. Peace. Negroes within it are content. They farm. They sing. They love. They sleep. Kabnis wonders if perhaps they can feel him. If perhaps he gives them bad dreams. Things are so immediate in Georgia. Thinking that now he can go to sleep, he re-enters his room. He builds a fire in the open hearth. The room dances to the tongues of flames, and sings to the crackling and spurting of the logs. Wind comes up between the floor boards, through the black cracks of the walls. Kabnis: Cant sleep. Light a cigarette. If that old bastard comes over here and smells smoke, I'm done for. Hell of a note, cant even smoke. The stillness of it: where they burn and hang men, you cant smoke. Cant take a swig of licker. What do they think this is, anyway, some sort of temperance school ? How did I ever land in such a hole? Ugh. One might just as well be in his grave. Still as a grave. Jesus, how still everything is. Does the world know how still it is? People make noise. They are afraid of silence. Of what lives, and God, of what dies in silence. There must be many dead things moving in silence. They come here to touch me. I swear I feel their fingers. . . Come, Ralph, pull yourself together. What in hell was that? Only the rustle of leaves, I guess. You know, Ralph, old man, it wouldnt surprise me at all to see a ghost. People dont think there are such things. They rationalize their fear, and call their cowardice science. Fine bunch, they are. Damit, that was a noise. And not the wind either. A chicken maybe. Hell, chickens dont wander around this time of night. What in hell is it? A scraping sound, like a piece of wood dragging over the ground, is coming near. "Ha, ha. The ghosts down this way havent got any chains to rattle, so they drag trees along with them. Thats a good one. But no joke, something is outside this house, as sure as hell. Whatever it is, it can get a good look at me and I cant see it. Jesus Christ!" Kabnis pours water on the flames and blows his lamp out. He picks up a poker and stealthily approaches the outside door. Swings 16 it open, and lurches into the night. A calf, carrying a yoke of wood, bolts away from him and scampers down the road. "Well, r m damned. This godam place is sure getting the best of me. Come, Ralph, old man, pull yourself together. Nights cant last forever. Thank God for that. Its Sunday already. First time in my life I've ever wanted Sunday to come. Hell of a day. And down here there's no such thing as ducking church. Well, I'll see Halsey and Layman, and get a good square meal. Thats something. And Halsey's a damn good feller. Cant talk to him, though. Who in Christ's world can I talk to? A hen. God. Myself. . . I'm going bats, no doubt of that. Come now, Ralph, go in and make yourself go to sleep. Come now ... in the door . . . thats right. Put the poker down. There. All right. Slip under the sheets. Close your eyes. Think nothing ... a long time . . . nothing, nothing. Dont even think nothing. Blank. Not even blank. Count. No, mustnt count. Nothing . . . blank . . . nothing . . . blank . . . space without stars in it. No, nothing . . . nothing . . . Kabnis sleeps. The winds, like soft-voiced vagrant poets, sing: White-man's land. Niggers, sing. Burn, bear black children Till poor rivers bring Rest, and sweet glory In Camp Ground. Jean Toomer INDIANS IN SPRING The nights were cold, And they came slowly upstream, Pulling past channel stakes Gnawed white with ice. Poplar flowers, Blossoming and falling Through air remaining cold As water, the flesh of spring. Janet Lewis 17 Daragnès ON BOARD THE MORNING STAR * I The tenth of October, 1 720, as we were coasting the southern shore of Jamaica we saw a sloop anchored in Dry Harbour Bay. According to the usages of gentlemen of fortune, George Merry gave order to hoist the black flag. By informing the stranger of our true quality we risked nothing, and the mere apparition of this funereal crepe gave the results which we were privileged to expect: two men who were on board the sloop leaped into a boat moored to the stern and pulled hastily for the shore, where we soon lost sight of them. * On Board the MORNING Star consists of the fifth, twelfth, eighth and sixteenth episodes of A Bord l'Etoile Matutine (Paris: G. Cres et Cie., 1921). 18 George Merry had himself rowed to the sloop. He was accom - panied by his boatswain—we called him Peter Black Sheep—and by a sailor from Dieppe whom we had enrolled in North Carolina while we were lurking at the mouth of the Roanoke. At the fall of night Peter Black Sheep and the sailor rowed back to the Morning Star. We aided them to embark the merchandise which they had been able to find on the sloop. It was a modest booty, but when we considered the few pains it had cost us we greeted it with satisfaction. Our last cruise had been vain, fortune having abandoned the folds of our flag. Before our eyes the pillaged sloop rocked in the breeze. No sound troubled the quiet of the harbour. We stretched out on the deck, heads pillowed on our crossed arms, and rested. Many slept like beasts, with little nervous starts. We were so tired that our dignity as men seemed to be abolished. In the evening we heard the whistle of George Merry. A ship's lantern was lighted on the sloop. Peter Black Sheep and the Dieppe sailor untied the boat to bring back our captain. When they came on board the Morning Star every one was asleep. . . . Early in the morning George Merry gave order to ship anchor. We stretched full sail to the south wind and the Morning Star whipped northward, where lay the hazards of our profession. The man from Nantes took his flute and translated into frail notes the ecstasy in which our hearts were melting. Captain Merry himself approached our circle, and for the first time we saw that he was accom - panied by a tall young man with robust limbs, whose beardless face expressed audacity and the pride of adventure. He introduced this new gentleman of fortune, who desired to submit himself to our laws and to the sterile fantasy of our wandering life. His elegance silenced the magic flute. We none of us uttered the impression which this proper sailor, with his decided air, had created in the hell of our hearts. His hair, tied back with a ribbon, revealed a neck which was as delicate and tender as that of a young boy. It was evident that the captain favoured this new comrade with his friendship. The stranger —on account of his irritating grace he would always be a stranger to us —showed himself an able sailor. He was supple and seductive as he climbed the ropes, and his knife, which he held clenched between his little teeth, made him resemble a young cat carry - ing a fish. He knew his trade and therefore we respected him a little. 19 And besides, his beauty impressed us enough to gain the right of re - maining obedient, taciturn and distant. Thereupon we gave chase to two Dutch traders bound for Martin - ique, one in ballast and the other laden with sugar and cocoa. The fight was savage but the booty exceeded our hopes. All night we burned rum in great copper kettles. Pew and the man from Nantes fought with knives, and dawn found us lying supine on a quarterdeck still blackened with powder, spotted with blood and pitch. Our handsome shipmate had born himself like a true knight of fortune. And when the orgy recommenced by day, he drank with us from a silver loving cup, of which he wiped the brim. He made a gesture to raise it to our success, when a little hook at the collar of his embroidered shirt gave way, and in stupour we beheld the revelation of the double cupola of two breasts as pure, as amiably rounded as the pink domes of the cathedral of St. Hermit, at Palermo. Surprise left us voiceless before this woman whom chance had revealed to us brutally. Then, we stretched out our fists in her direction, we howled at her face the oaths we had learned in every language of the earth, we spit at her feet like the damned, and our anger rose, rose in measure to the obscene words from our throats. For we reproached her with standing motionless before our eyes in her calm beauty, and above all because she had watched us, the future clients of the gibbet, in the horror of our coarseness, our unshaven faces, our dirty linen, our smells, our misery. And we reproached her, without being able to specify motives of this anger, with having surprised us as we searched with dirty finger - nails for the lice which gnawed us. And we reproached her because she had not revealed herself in time to allow us to attempt her conquest by embellishing our faces and our hands, according to the methods familiar to all men, before we cut our throats for bitter joys. II. After cruising three days in the Gulf of Honduras—where we met Charles Vane, who had just captured the Pearl, Captain Bowling— we dropped anchor in a creek of the little island of Barnacko, whither George Merry had decided to retire to caulk the seams of the Morning Star. Leaving the smaller part of the crew on board, we disembarked on the soil of this fertile island, which the ocean had set down like 20 a basket too full of fruits and flowers. The scattered houses which composed the village offered but few resources for the satisfaction of our appetites: fruit in earthenware bowls, dried fish, a little milk and some mussels which we broke with our knife handles. While the larger part of the band scattered through the little vil - lage to seek its fortune, the man from Nantes, Pitti, MacGraw, Jack Seven and four or five of the beaux of the forecastle resolved to skirt the southern coast, which disappeared at this point under the rarest samples of the vegetation of the tropics. I followed this little troop, for I had the confidence of MacGraw who liked, on certain days, to lift the veil covering a past of bookish labour. He instructed me to the point of being able to read, correctly enough, a Latin Bible and the Hudibras of Samuel Butler in English. I m thirsty, said the man from Nantes. "Have you any rum, old Mac? I'll pay it back on the day of our elevation, when we bless the girls of Savannah with our feet." MacGraw passed him a gourd. He clenched his teeth, lifted it to the end of his arm, and poured out a thread of rum which he swal - lowed slowly. We continued our ramble. A fugitive odour of jasmine mounted to our nostrils, and among the green tufts of banana trees and the fresh leaves of live-oaks we saw a little white cottage, of a blinding whiteness, where all the shadows were printed in blue. A bird hidden in the velvet shade of the palms whistled to render the silence more solemn, for, outside of its enchanting voice, no sound revealed the presence of any life whatever. We made a circuit of the house, by habit, and the man from Nantes, thrusting his head through a little window, made us a violent sign with his hand to be still. "You can come," he said as he straightened up. We penetrated into the cool house, one behind another. In the centre of its one room, on a piece of worn matting unrolled from the wall, a young negress was sleeping. She was almost naked and her hair was knotted in a yellow silk kerchief with violet spots the size of peas. The sole furniture was a chest which supported a pitcher of clear water where a giant spider was agonizing. In one corner a pile of dirty linen covered a few kitchen utensils. "Milady!" roared MacGraw, trumpeting his hands round his mouth. The ebony lady startled up, raising the whites of frightened eyes. During a few seconds her face expressed the most legitimate terror. Then her mouth broadened to a grin, she rose, took a step toward the 21 man from Nantes and placed her two hands on his shoulders, on both sides of his head. Her lips rounded, seeking a kiss. I knew it,"he declared. "This lady of quality has been waiting for me. I have sailed twenty years only to land on this island and wed her legally. Gentlemen, I invite you all to be present at the ceremony." . . . The ceremony was curiously impressive. George Merry had of - fered a cask of rum, which we carried to the house of the bride on a litter formed of branches. We drank all day. We parodied the religious ceremony. The negress, dressed in a satin gown which we had saved from the pillage of a French vessel, leaned on the arm of her cavalier and received as her just homage the powerful acclamations of the crew of the Morning Star. We separated late at night, leaving the platters clean and goblets empty. Everybody returned to the ship or to the huts of the village. The bride and groom remained with MacGraw and me, since we two were to pass the night in a narrow attic above the nuptial chamber. Before wishing them a good night, we emptied the remainder of the cask of rum into a flask which must have contained six or seven quarts, and so climbed heavy-headed into our retreat, leaving the flask to the fantasy of the groom but advising him under no circumstances to let it run dry. We fell immediately into a dead sleep, and when we woke it was broad day. MacGraw, his hair dishevelled and his voice hoarse, shouted, "Hello, Nantes! Bring up the rum! Bring the rum, old shipmate!" Nobody answered. We climbed down the ladder which took the place of stairs. As we entered their chamber we saw our old shipmate stretched out on the matting, his throat cut open from ear to ear, bled white like a slaughtered pig. "She stole the rum! The rum is gone!" howled MacGraw. . . . We found the wife of the defunct a few yards from the white cottage. She was extremely drunk. She lay at the foot of a tree with the flask of rum between her knees, and there was blood on her hands, between the fingers. When we raised her up to hang her, she hardly opened her eyes, attempted the politeness of a smile, wished to kiss Pitti and to say some - thing. Her head fell back on her breast. It took three men to pass the cord around her neck, she was so heavy and limp. In her last slumber she stuttered: "Love... Love..." 22 Pitti drew the rope tight. When she felt her feet leave the ground, she opened frightful eyes, suddenly. But she died almost immediately and swung back and forwards a long time before remaining still, extra - ordinary still, in the noisy forest. III When we arrived before Vera Cruz with the Dutch flag at our masthead, hoping to trade with the Spaniards without fear of being denounced, we saw that every ship in the harbour was flying a yellow flag to indicate that a sly Death blew over the city like a great and fetid and mysterious wind. George Merry, Anselmo Pitti and Pierre Black Sheep thought we should fly before the wind to escape the voracious plague, but it happened that several others, MacGraw among them, desired on the contrary to make a landing, arguing that business would be easy in the midst of the general desolation, and they undertook, knowing an apothecary who was willing to receive goods and ask no questions, to avoid the quarantine and the thin and haughty alguazils. MacGraw demanded a week to attend to our business and his own. George Merry hesitated, allowed himself to be convinced, and the Morning Star found anchorage on the coast not far from the yellow bunting of the harbour, toward San Juan d'Ulhua. That night we untied a rowboat and embarked: MacGraw, Pew and myself. With the light of day we found our road and soon MacGraw lifted the brass knocker of a house built in the Spanish fashion, care - fully closed, cool and porous as an earthenware jug which contains fresh water. There was a slot fashioned in the door; it opened at our call and a voice, hardly an amiable voice, greeted us in these terms: "What do you want? Is this an inn? Do all the dogs of creation come here to beg shelter?" Perfect, said MacGraw. "Say no more. ... I recognize you, Goldfish. Old hangbird, you haven't changed. . . . Open the portal of your hospitable dwelling. It's MacGraw, with friends, and may God damn me black if I esteem the plague which will pre - sent me to the devil as highly as I esteem your Lordship." We approved the terms of his discourse. Meanwhile the door opened slowly and the face of Goldfish appeared, lighted by a lantern, to affirm how worthy of the name was its proprietor. 23 Two red eyes were his ornament. The nose was small and balanced itself over the gulf of a lipless mouth. A receding chin was confused with the line of the throat, a feature which gave him — when combined with his bald and pointed skull —the appearance of a carp's head. His colour was a golden bronze, as far as we could judge by the light of the lantern and by the first streaks of a livid dawn. "Come in and close the door," said Goldfish. We followed him. He led us across a courtyard surrounded with buildings on four sides, and with a circular gallery of carved mahogany. We climbed a stone stairway and Goldfish blew out his lantern, pressing his body against the wall to let us pass. With MacGraw in the lead we penetrated into a vast room decorated in a manner strangely reminiscent of hell. "This," whispered MacGraw, "seems a chapel constructed for the devotions of Black Teach." He sat on a three-legged stool and we followed his example, seeking a place to rest our feet in the midst of paintpots and brushes soaking in broken vases. "So you are no longer an apothecary?" asked MacGraw. "No," Goldfish answered gruffly, "today lam a painter. Why did you come, the three of you?" He approached so near that he was breathing in my face; his dry hand took my wrist and a finger pressed on the artery. "Take care," he said. Then turning toward MacGraw he said, angrily, "Are you sure you haven't got it? Stick out your tongue. . . . And your eyes . . . how red they are!" "You should give us a drink," said MacGraw. Goldfish descended the stair, grumbling confused words. We heard him jingling a bunch of keys in the courtyard. Without exchanging a word we looked round us. The floor of the room was strewn with clippings of canvas, paint-pots and worn - out brushes; in one corner was a strange row of cardboard sugarloaves, certain of which, half decorated, presented an aspect both grotesque and repulsive; crosses covered with Latin inscriptions were hanging on the walls as also were immense scapularies barred with St. Andrew's crosses or painted with winged devils brandishing pitch-forks, breath - ing out flames. We regarded these decorations, to say the least incomprehensible, and which, on account of the poverty of the materials which they adorned, could only evoke some vulgar masquerade, when Goldfish 24 returned with two bottles which he placed on a table beside a stub of candle, some crusts of bread, and the dried skins of oranges. "Drink," he said. "Perhaps you have a fever?" We filled our glasses and that of Goldfish, and we drank to his health. We set them down. In the street we heard a deep murmur, a sort of groan, with the trampling of horses and the machinal hum of a crowd at prayer. We rushed toward the shuttered windows to see a religious masquerade whose aspect astounded us. Between two files of soldiers in ill-fitting uniforms and carrying their muskets care - lessly, marched a group of men and women dressed in scapularies which were painted in the manner of those which we had seen on the walls of the room. They wore a sort of grotesque bonnet, which explained equally the use of those sugarloaves which had appeared so repulsive to us. Behind these carnavalesque penitents marched mulatto slaves carrying on their shoulders wooden boxes in the shape of little coffins. Priests chanted in the confusion, and the girls who wore scapularies and painted cardboard bonnets questioned with their enormous eyes the crowd of bearded men. Their jaws trembled. Sometimes they stumbled, fell on their knees, while a confessor holding a crucifix lifted them to their feet with a sort of indiscreet benevolence. "It is the Inquisition," said MacGraw. "They are leading a few Jews to the stake. The Dutch flag protects us." "They brought the plague," Goldfish replied. "I painted the angel of the plague on their bonnets —which are known as carrochas —and on their samarras, for I am the official painter of the Holy Inquisition. These witches have been the opportunity for the sensitive colouring of my best work." He added in a judicial voice as the procession wavered and re - sumed its march: "I paint the crosses and carrochas, and the samarras with a grey background. Regard how the portrait of the heretic or sorcerer is natural and vivacious. I paint from nature, in the very gaol where these wretches fatigue the heavens with their cries. Let me recommend you this virgin or prostitute, it doesn't matter, the third after the file of men. You see the one I mean ? I painted her portrait on the front and back of the samarra. She wears this artistic garment because she denied the true faith before the Holy Tribunal, in spite of the fact that she was convicted of having introduced to our city the odious and melancholy plague, whose victims lose, it is said, the sentiment of God. "At night," continued the mortuary painter, "it seems that my taut skin converges towards an enormous bubo which bursts with a noise of thunder. The Yellow Death will dominate the world, and 25 volcanoes are only buboes, perhaps the messengers of a fleshless liberty if I credit my dreams." "What about business?" asked MacGraw. "May the devil here painted carry you off!" barked Goldfish. "This gallows carrion comes to talk of business when the whole city trembles like a little girl who stretches out her hand to a fortune teller. Business . . . "Instead regard my portraits and the decorative principles of the tortures which vary according to the soul of the patient, his tastes, what he has been, what he will become, and above all the things which he regrets, for all the subtlety of my art consists in materializing the regret of life by means of images of which only a part are symbolic." The artist took his head between his hands and sobbed, "My masterpieces, my poor masterpieces will again be victims of the auto - da-fe! Even those imbeciles who paint red crosses on vulgar san - bemtos are less to be pitied than I . . . I . . .1 am most cun - ningly tortured of all the victims of the Holy Inquisition." "When this damned masquerade has crossed the square," mur - mured MacGraw, "we shall leave the painter to his art. Then, God being willing, we shall rejoin George Merry and flee this soil where fever, like a pagan divinity, bathes in every fountain." "The city has the air of an enormous copper coin, red hot," added Pew. He clicked his tongue, for the air about us smelt of hot copper with, at intervals when a little breeze sprang up, the odour of wood smoke and grilled flesh. "You digress," said Goldfish interrupting the course of his dreams. "You wander, and I believe you are trembling. . . . Whence do you come . . . with this swollen tongue, these eyes rimmed with scarlet and this exaltation of the lesser sentiments before the spectacles of nature?" "Easy, easy, Goldfish. Remember the old days at London when you drank urine punch with the 'German widows' of Mother Knox, at Covent Garden, and forget these mummeries . . "Mummeries! Gentlemen, your Lordships! He opens his mouth to blaspheme. He . . . " Goldfish in suffocation carried his hands to his neck, swollen like a puff-adder. Then he grew calm, rubbed his palms against each other and, timidly, approached the door. "Gentlemen," said the renegade, "I place my treasures under your protection. (He pointed to the carrochas and the sanbenitos.) I am leaving you immediately to seek the elements of a banquet worthy 26 of your Lordships and of an old comrade, although I must confess that I hardly understand his remarks on our former life. I shall return." He took a step toward the door . . . one step . . . but, I swear it, each of us saw from the expression of MacGraw that we had to act without longer delay. Anyhow, MacGraw was the first to bound on Goldfish, who could not withstand the shock and fell on his two knees. He grunted. And MacGraw strangled him with his two powerful hands, while we held the prone limbs of the painter of sanbenitos. His eyes turned slowly, his tongue pointed from his mouth, his violet-spotted face became a mask like his paintings. MacGraw, to revive his forces, untwisted his fingers and a little life seemed to reanimate the hideous patient. Our comrade knitted his embrace three times, and we felt that the man had just died between our hands. "He wished to denounce us for what I said about the monks," panted MacGraw. We left the twisted corpse on the floor, and behind the shutters we inspected the public square, now empty, airless, hot. A madman ran in the shelter of the walls, hunting for a little shade. He raised his arms to heaven. Out of breath he seated himself beside a dry fountain and rolled on the ground, scratching it like a wounded beast. "Perhaps the time has come for us to go," I said. MacGraw and Pitti nodded their heads, but this precipitate departure had too much the air of a flight, and we hunted for some sort of compensation. We took Goldfish, and such as he was, with his tortured face, we dressed him in a grey scapulary where unfinished demons howled before flames in the shape of tongues; we set a cardboard bonnet on his head, and it was the final brush-stroke which completed the monstrous person - age which we had just created, we, other artists. When he was dressed we carried him into the courtyard and hanged him before the door with his feet resting on the stone slabs of the vestibule. "We can't go out yet," said Pew, "not by day. We'll have to wait till nightfall . . . Have I a fever? . . . Feel if I have a fever, MacGraw." MacGraw, in the twilight of the courtyard, laid a finger on the vein of Pew's wrist. "It is nothing," he said. We remained seated on the stairway, all three, without saying a word, facing the dead man in his pointed bonnet. 27 "It hurts me still ... my heart. . ." said Pew again. He leaned a little over the step to vomit. "Go farther, pig," said MacGraw. We waited for night like a thief broken on the wheel who waits for death. The minutes passed slowly and the sun, seen above the courtyard as from the depths of a well, refused to bend its homicidal rays. "I . . . . it . . ." said Pew. He did not dare to complain. I surprised MacGraw in the shadow, feeling his own artery at the wrist, slyly, uneasily. Pew could not walk; his legs were limp. We supported him by the wrists, feeling the blood that beat along his veins, against our clenched palms. The odour of burned flesh persisted over the city. A great flock of crows and vultures passed over us. They uttered various cries; a few sobbed like children. Pew collapsed at last in spite of our efforts. We let him fall to earth. He raised his eyes toward MacGraw; they had grown super - naturally intelligent. "Here, Mac," he said, pointing to his heart. "And quick." Mac- Graw leaned over him as if to look at his tongue, resting all the weight of his body on a knife which he had applied discreetly against the heart of his comrade. We abandoned the defunct and rejoined George Merry and the band. And we never spoke of Goldfish or the plague, in fear of being abandoned, by precaution, in a ship's boat with biscuits, water, a rifle and a little powder. The death of Pew was explained naturally as the result of a quarrel adroitly described according to our traditions. But during fourteen days and fourteen nights MacGraw and I felt, in secret, the big vein of our left wrist, and we examined the mirrors which reflected our tongue . . . We had no desire to question our memories of Vera Cruz. IV On the gibbet of Savannah, on the quai which faces the mother ocean, a young man is hanging. His clothes are those which he wore on the Morning Star, a hand - some red coat, an embroidered waistcoat, black velvet breeches and white stockings. Everywhere an abundance of gold galloons. On his already fleshless head his cocked hat perches coquettishly. It is reddened by the sun. His hands, bound high on his back, give him the appearance of a hunchback. Daragnès 28 It is George Merry, the captain of the Morning Star. He will never smoke his long and melancholy pipe, and the plump Spanish girls have nothing more beneath their skirts to excite his curiosity. Stiff and sumptuous at the end of the rope he hardly excites the glances of the passers-by and the example of his death fills the hearts of cowards only with fear. Yonder on the mother ocean, the Morning Star perpetuates its tradition under a new master. The black flag floats from its mizzen masthead and for the gentlemen of fortune who sprawl on the deck speaking of the past, George Merry is only a detail confounded with the whores of Maracaibo, the man from Nantes and his negress and this little, little girl who plucks up her pink skirt with an uneasy gesture to water the mandrake growing at the foot of the gallows tree. Pierre MacOrlan (Translated by Malcolm Cowley) 29 THREE POEMS I. THE CHASMS Here and there abysses appear before me in the gloom. I have only one concern .... to escape them. I am an armoured affair, upright and quiet, gothic. With appalling slowness I recognise each chasm And with appalling slowness I take steps to escape, I approach slowly, with a holy, chaste step, The air is quiet, there is no music, all the birds are dead, (I wonder who prepared this decoration) I glance at the chasm as one glances at a Latin inscription, With icy reserve, I lift one foot, it hangs against the sky like a carved club. Over the edge of the chasm I play a little, I dally upon the e dge, The rocks sweat with desire and I with a charming fear, My body sways measuredly, deliberately, The depths of the cavern gleam intensely, blue and quivering; The rocks, absolutely still, hold their furrows rigid with expectation, Very, very slowly I begin to fall forward, I begin to die, Soundlessly my body lowers its epileptic game forward, In the vice of this prepared fear I go on falling Monstrously slow .... I progress to an angle of forty-five degrees .... There I hang, an arabesque on the sky A horror against its virgin opalescence. . . . A door opens in the cliff and my friends appear ranged in line to view me, Silently, with premeditated surprise they speculate on my doom, (Blood begins to flow into my head) 30 They seem to be dissatisfied with my progress, Without more ado they return through the same door. . . . I draw in a tremendous breath . . . filled with bits of rock Suddenly I leap .... two yards to the opposite side of the chasm; Through the strange quality of the effort I am embedded in the rock. With prayerful ease I extricate myself and become again An armoured affair, upright and quiet and gothic in design, Stepping onward with extraordinary slowness, With admirable reserve, not a little frightened. II. REST The soft, pink, content. . . The degrees of dream. . . The basking elements are all here! For every atom of hate towards me there is one of love; I glide about among the sussurations of a windy symphony Bearing harmony as lightly as a cloud bears the damasks of sunset. 112 Rom incalculable heights my voice travels, Peacefully describing over magnanimous depths The incredibly simple harmony of everything; Diligently attuning itself to your waking ears. Come with your patronymic majesty into these reiterated rests. The basking elements are all here. III. The sibilant fate, dank locked and drunk, Depends to my streaming face new woes. It offers wretched and terrible osculations. My tears are not enough . . . not loud enough To drown in sound and flood these things, 31 Phantasmal fears, phantasmal growths; The dregs of dismay were never deeper to be drunk; In purple ooze, I dabble my still white body With purple spots of sin. Creeping, pale evil-eyed orchids, Gracefully bodied, slim and swaying, and cool. . . Creeping over the warm flesh. . . I entwine with you, I enwreathe you, Six times I lave myself with your occult dismay. Since I was a little boy your appeal was so, I have always bored and danced around you Much as a moth to a flame . . . now I am aware, Now, I am fulgent with a new liking, With a great fresh sickness. . . This is a celebrated advent . . . why, The blankets of midnight need me for half an hour only; I am up to greet the sun, I touch the clouds, I tear up leaves of grass. My body is covered with sores that the sun easily burns, It enters the sores and boils their colourful putrefaction, Pink steam escapes from me into the blue of heaven. To be awakened thus early is said to be terrible. I certainly feel a little sad, do not laugh. . . Recollect . . . having discovered this entertaining truth I shall probably never slumber again. A few suggestions are never amiss in new games, See if you can, with closed eyes, rise and follow me Without stumbling over the closing lid of this coffin. Wilfrid H. Bendall 32 A NOTE ON JUAN GRIS AND CUBISM A Guitarist, a Big and Little Pierrot, a Nun and two Still-lifes: these are the latest drawings of Juan Gris: "one of the most orthodox grammarians of the cubist school." "Cubism is dead," says the care - less dilettante, more eager to hail new tendencies and bury the old than to understand how the successive phases of painting are aligned, by casual sequence, in a tradition whose beginning is unknown and whose end cannot be imagined. Cubism is hardly dead. The Nun, with her veil falling in geometric lines; with her hands, her chain, her cross, her halo: all essential constituents of a pattern whose value depends entirely on its plastic arrangement and not on any similitude of life or reality, owes as much to the researches of the cubists as does the ab - stract Still-life, in which unnamable two-dimensional shapes intersect. Both drawings are cubist fundamentally. It is true that Picasso, Braque, Gris and other former cubists are turning more and more to compositions of figures, and are painting fewer of the abstractions which suggested the name of their movement. But this fact merely indicates that the experiments in pure form have reached a satisfactory conclusion. The artists have learned exactly what they can do with this medium from w T hich all the supplementary appeals have been subtracted, and therefore, as is proper for those who deserve the name of artists, they are going on to something new, to the application of their acquired knowledge in more complicated fields. The evolution can be followed more easily in the work of Juan Gris than with Picasso, for the latter, possessing a genius of phenomenal inventiveness, has swung from one mood to another with bewildering rapidity. Gris, on the other hand, works with a single-minded intention which resembles the progress of a scientist more nearly than that of the traditional artist. His starting point is the relation of two or more forms. Having discovered the arrangement which best satisfies the aesthetic problem, he goes on to incarnate the forms in line or paint, regardless of visual reality. Thus, when desirable, solids mutually interpenetrate, colour is dissociated from its mass, and other liberties are taken with reality as perceived by the optic nerve. This is of course nothing new. Egyptians added the invisible eye to the profile; negroes pierced the opacity of the stomach or distorted the shape of the breast; Mayas so conventionalized the images of their gods that on first glance Drawing Juan Gris 34 they are not portraits at all. The distortions of cubists and other post-impressionistic painters must, however, be distinguished from the exaggerations of futurists and expressionists who, unlike the primitives, usually ignore visual reality for literary rather than plastic reasons. The consummation sought by Gris and other painters of the group is an arrangement of form and colour, whether abstract or composed of clearly recognizable figures, which will possess an import specifically plastic, owing nothing to the pleasure derived from recognition or senti - ment. Ihe emotion evoked is an intellectual emotion, relating more closely to the pleasure felt on first comprehending the Pythagorean solution than to the gentler thrill of a landscape in late spring. This explains the tendency to neglect the warm and romantic colours for those dull greens and dirty browns with which the cubists are often reproached. Considering these facts it was surprising to find that Mr. Wright, in The Freeman, defined modern painting as a new art of colour which marked an absolute break with European tradition because, for the first time, form was made absolutely subordinate. He even states that for this reason modern paintings lose most of their value when repro - duced in half-tone. Since it is notorious that the work of several contemporary artists looks at least as well when reproduced, one is forced to wonder what modern paintings Mr. Wright has in mind. His aesthetic theory was effectively demolished soon afterwards in the same periodical, but if there be any reader of The Freeman who obtains his information solely from its pages, he will naturally believe that all modern art is buried in the same debris as the theories of Mr. Wright. The group of modern artists who live in Paris, and who by general consent are considered the pioneers of occidental pictorial art, are at least as much concerned with the problem of arranging form signifi - cantly as were the masters of the early Renaissance, and perhaps their chief difference with tradition is the economy with which they seek the attainment of this end. The drawings of Gris, reproduced in this number, are valuable not only for their beauty, but for the clear way in which they illustrate the method and aims of the cubists. H. A. L. Drawing Juan Gris 36 THE POET ASSASSINATED IX PEDAGOGY The Dutchman, named Janssen, led Croniamantal to the region of Aix, where there was a house which the people of the neighborhood called le Chateau. Le Chateau had nothing lordly about it other than its name and was nothing but a vast domicile containing a dairy and a stable. Mr. Janssen possessed a modest income and lived alone in this dwelling which he had bought in order to live in solitude, a suddenly broken off betrothal having rendered him rather hypochondriac. He devoted it now to the education of the son of Macaree and Vierselin Tigoboth: Croniamantal, inheritor of the old name of des Ygrees. The Dutchman, Janssen, had travelled much. He spoke all the languages of Europe, Arabian, and Turkish, not to mention Hebrew and other dead languages. His speech was as clear as his blue eyes. He soon made the friendship of several scholars of Aix whom he would visit from time to time and he corresponded with many foreign scientists. When Croniamantal was six years of age, Mr. Janssen would often take him to the country. Croniamantal came to love these lessons along the paths of wooded hills. Mr. Janssen would often stop and show Croniamantal the birds hopping about or butterflies pursuing each other and fluttering together among the wild rose-bushes. He would say that love reigned over all of Nature. They would also go out on moonlit nights and the master would explain to his student the hidden destinies of the heavenly bodies, their regular course, and their effects upon the life of man. Croniamantal never forgot how one moonlit night his master led him to a field at the edge of a forest; the grass bubbled with milky light. Fireflies fluttered around them; their phosphorescent and jagged lights gave the site a strange aspect. The master called the attention of his disciple to the sweetness of this Mav night. "Learn," he said, "learn to know all of Nature and to love her. Let her be your veritable nurse, whose salutary mammals are the moon and the hills." 37 Croniamantal was thirteen years of age at this time and his mind was quite ripe. He listened attentively to Mr. Janssen's words. "I have always lived in her, but I must say, lived badly, for one should not live without human love as companion. Do not forget that all is a sign of love in Nature. I, alas! am damned for not having observed this law whose demands nothing can withstand." "What," said Croniamantal, "you, my teacher, who know so many sciences did not recognize this law which every country lout and even the animals, the vegetables, and inert matter observe?" "Happy child who at your age can put such questions!" said Mr. Janssen. "I have always known that law, from which no human being should rebel. But there are some luckless men destined never to know the joys of love. I have mortified my flesh and suffered severe punish - ment. I should like your life to be happy." Croniamantal's master made him devote most of his time to the sciences, keeping him au courant with all recent inventions. He also instructed the boy in Latin and Greek. They often read the Eclogues of Virgil or translated Theocritus in a clump of olive trees. Cronia - mantal had learned a very pure French, but his master taught him in Latin. He also taught him Italian, and at an early age Croniamantal received the poems of Petrarch, who became one of his favorite poets. M. Janssen also taught Croniamantal English, and made him familiar with Shakespeare. Above all he gave the boy a taste for old French authors. Among the French poets he admired chiefly Villon, Ron - sard and his Pleiade, Racine and La Fontaine. He also made him read translations of Cervantes and of Goethe. On his advice, Cronia - mantal read the romances of chivalry which might have made part of the library of Don Quixote. They developed in Croniamantal an invincible predilection for experiment and perilous love adventures; he devoted hmself to fencing and to horseback riding; at the age of fifteen he declared to anyone who came to visit them that he had decided to become a celebrated and peerless cavalier, and already he dreamed of a mistress. Croniamantal was, at this time, a handsome adolescent, thin and straight. The girls at the village fetes, when he touched them lightly, would stifle little bursts of laughter and redden, lowering their eyes under his regard. Habituated to poetic forms, his mind thought of love as a conquest. Thoughts of Boccacio, his natural daring, his education, everything disposed him to take the final step. One May day, he went out for a long ride. It was morning, everything was still fresh. The dew hung from the flowers of the 38 hedges, and on either side of the road stretched the fields of olive trees whose gray leaves trembled gently in the sea breeze and com - pared agreeably with the blue sky. He arrived at a place where the road was being mended. The road menders, handsome boys in bright colored caps, worked lazily, singing the while, and stopping occasionally to drink from their flasks. Croniamantal thought that these handsome fellows had sweethearts. It is thus that they call a lover in that country. The boys say "my sweetheart," the girls, "my sweetheart," and in fact they are both sweet in that lovely country. Croniamantal's heart leaped and his whole being, exalted by the spring - time and the riding, cried for love. At a turn in the road, an apparition increased his pain. He arrived close to a little bridge thrown across a river which cut the road. The place was isolated, and across the hedges and the trunks of poplars, he saw two beautiful girls bathing, quite naked. One was in the water and held herself up by a branch. He admired her brown arms and abundant beauties, hardly concealed by the water. The other, standing on the bank, dried herself after her bath and exposed ravishing lines and graces which enflamed the heart of Croniamantal; he decided to join them and mingle in their pleasures. Unluckily, he perceived in the branches of a neighboring tree two youths spying on this prey. Holding their breath and watching the least movements of the bathers, they did not see the equestrian, who, laughing uproariously, threw his horse into a gallop and cried aloud as he crossed the little bridge. The sun had risen almost to its zenith and was now darting its dreadful rays. An ardent thirst added itself to the amorous inquietudes of Croniamantal. The sight of a farm along the road brought him unspeakable joy. He arrived at a little orchard whose blossoming trees made a lovely sight. It was a little wood, rose and white with the cherry and peach blossoms. On the fence linen was drying and he had the pleasure of seeing a charming peasant girl of about sixteen, at work washing clothes in a vat in the shadow of a fig-tree that had just begun to bloom. Not having noticed his arrival, she continued to accomplish her domestic function which he found noble; for, his imagination full of memories of antiquity, he compared her to Nausica. Descending from his horse he approached and contemplated the young girl with ravishment. He looked at her back. Her folded up skirt discovered a well made leg in a very white stocking. Her body moved in a manner that was pleasantly excitating because of the efforts occa - sioned by the soaping. Her sleeves were rolled up and he observed her pretty brown plump arms, which enchanted him. 39 I have always loved beautiful arms especially. There are people who attach great importance to the perfection of the foot. I admit that they touch me too, but the arm is to my mind that which should be most perfect in woman. It is always in motion, one always has one's eye upon it. One might say that it is the veritable organ of the graces, and that by its deft movements, it is the veritable arm of Love, since when curved, this delicate arm resembles a bow, and when extended, the arrow thereof. This was also Croniamantal's point of view. He was thinking of this, when suddenly, his horse, who suddenly remembered that it was the habitual hour for being fed began to whinny. At once the young girl turned and showed surprise at seeing a stranger regarding her from above the fence. She blushed and only seemed the more charming. Her dusky skin attested to the Moorish blood that flowed in her veins. Croniamantal asked her for food and drink. With much good grace this sweet girl did have him enter the house and served him a rude repast. some milk, eggs and black bread, his thirst and his hunger were soon sated. In the meantime, he questioned his young hostess, in the hope of finding an opportunity for paying her gallant compliments. He learned that her name was Mariette, and that her parents had gone to the neighboring town to sell vegetables; her brother was working on the road. This family lived happily on the products of the orchard and the barnyard. At this moment, her parents, fine looking peasants, returned, and there was Croniamantal already in love with Mariette, quite dis - appointed. He paid the mother for the meal, and went off, after having given Mariette a long look which she did not return, but he had the satisfaction of seeing her blush as she turned away. He mounted his horse and took the road to his house. Being for the first time in his life, sad for love, he found extreme melancholy in this same countryside which he had previously traversed. The sun had dropped low over the horizon. The grey leaves of the olive trees seemed as sad as himself. The shadows stretched out like waves. The river where he had seen the bathers was abandoned. The lapping of the water became unbearable for him, like a mockery. He threw his horse into a gallop. Then there was the dusk, lights appearing in the distance. Then night came; he slowed up his horse and abandoned himself to a disordered revery. The sloping road was bordered with cypresses, and it was thus, somnolent with the night and with love, that Croniamantal pursued his melancholy way. 40 His master soon noticed in the days that followed that he gave no more attention to the studies to which he had been wont to apply himself with such diligence. He divined that this disgust came of love. His respect was mingled with a little scorn because Mariette was nothing but a simple peasant girl. The end of September had been reached, and one day Mr. Janssen led Croniamantal out under the laden olive trees in the orchard and censured his disciple for his passion, the latter hearkening to his re - proaches with ruddy embarrassment. The first winds of autumn com - plained in the fields and Croniamantal, very sad and much ashamed, lost forever his desire to see again the pretty Mariette and kept nothing but the memory of her. And so Croniamantal attained his majority. A disease of the heart which was discovered in him was cured by the military authorities. Soon after, his guardian died suddenly, leav - ing him by will the little which he possessed. And after having sold the house called le Chateau, Croniamantal went to Paris to give him - self freely to his taste for literature; he had been for some time past composing poems secretly and accumulating them in an old cigar-box. X POETRY In the early days of the year 1911, a young man who was very badly dressed went running up the rue Houdon. His extremely mo - bile countenance seemed to be filled with joy and anxiety by turns. His eyes devoured all that they saw and when his eyelids snapped shut quickly like jaws, they gulped in the universe, which renewed itself incessantly by the mere operation of him who ran. He imagined to the tiniest details the enormous worlds pastured in himself. The clamour and the thunder of Paris burst from afar and about the young man, who stopped, and panted like some criminal who has been too long pursued and ready to surrender himself. This clamour, this noise indicated clearly that his enemies were about to track him like a thief. His mouth and his gaze expressed the ruse he was employing, and walking slowly now, he took refuge in his memory, and went forward, while all the forces of his destiny and of his consciousness retarded the time when the truth should appear of that which is, that which was, and of that which is to be. 41 The young man entered a one story house. On the open door was a placard: Entrance to the Studios He followed a corridor where it was so dark and so cold that he had the feeling of having died, and with all his will, clenching his fists and gritting his teeth he began to take eternity to bits. Then suddenly he was conscious again of the motion of time whose seconds, hammered by a clock, fell like pieces of broken glass, while life flowed in him again with the renewed passage of time. But as he stopped to rap at a door, his heart beat more strongly again, for fear of finding no one home. He rapped at the door and cried: "It is I, Croniamantal!" And behind the door the heavy steps of a man who seemed tired, or carried too weighty a burden, came slowly, and as the door opened there took place in the sudden light the creation of two beings and their instant marriage. In the studio, which looked like a barn, an innumerable herd flowed in dispersion; they were the sleeping pictures, and the herdsman who tended them smiled at his friend. Upon a carpenter s table piles of yellow books could be likened to mounds of butter. And pushing back the ill-joined door, the wind brought in unknown beings who complained with little cries in the name of all the sorrows. All the wolves of distress howled behind the door ready to devour the flock, the herdsman and his friend, in order to prepare in their place the foundations for the NEW CITY. But in the studio there were joys of all colours. A great window opened the whole north side and nothing could be seen but the whole blue sky, the song of a woman. Cronia - mantal took off his coat which fell to the floor like the corpse of a drowned man, and sitting on the divan he gazed for a long time at the new canvas placed on the support. Dressed in a blue wrap, barefooted, the painter also regarded the picture in which two women remembered themselves in a glacial mist. The studio contained another fatal object, a large piece of broken mirror hooked to the wall. It was a dead and soundless sea, standing on end, and at the bottom of which a false life animated what did not exist. Thus, confronting Art, there is the appearance of Art, against which men are not sufficiently on their guard, and which pulls them to earth when Art has raised them to the heights. Croniamantal bent over in a sitting posture, leaned his fore-arms on his knees, and turned his 42 eyes from the painting to an advertisement thrown on the floor on which was painted the following announcement: I AM AT THE BAR— The Bird of Benin He read and re-read this sentence while the Bird of Benin con - templated his picture, approaching it and withdrawing from it, his head at all angles. Finally he turned towards Croniamantal and said, "I saw the woman for you last night." "Who is she?" asked Croniamantal. "I do not know, I saw her but Ido not know her. She is a really young girl, as you like them. She has the sombre and child-like face of those who are destined to cause suffering. And despite all the grace of her hands that straighten in order to repell, she lacks that nobility which poets could not love because it would prevent their being mis - erable. I have seen the woman for you, I tell you. She is both beauty and ugliness; she is like everything that we love nowadays. And she must have the taste of the laurel leaf." But Croniamantal, who was not listening to him, interrupted at this point to say: "Yesterday I wrote my last poem in regular verses: T e-rum T e-tum! and my last poem in irregular verses (take care that in the second stanza the word wench is taken in its less reputable meaning) : PROSPECTUS FOR A NEW MEDICINE Why did Hjalmar return The tankard of beaten silver lay void, The stars of the evening Became the stars of the morning Reciprocally The sorceress of the forest of Hruloe Prepared her repast She Tvas an eater of horse-flesh But he was not Mai Mai ramaho nia nia. Then the stars of the morning Became again the stars of the evening And reciprocally 43 The}) cried—ln the name of Maroe Wench of Arnamoer And of his favorite zoophyte Prepare the drink of the gods —Certainly noble warrior Mai Mai ramaho nia nia. She took the sun And plunged him into the sea As housewives Dip a ham in the gravy But alas! the salmons voracious Have devoured the drowned sun And have made themselves wigs With his beams Mai Mai ramaho nia nia. She took the moon and did her all with bands As they do with the illustrious dead And with little children And then in the light of the only stars The eternal ones She made concoction of sea-brine The euphorbiaceans of Norwegian resin And the mucous of Alfes To make a drink f° r the gods Mai Mai ramaho nia nia." He died like the sun And the sorceress perched at the top of a fir pine Heard until evening The rumours of the great winds engulfed in the phial And the lying scaldas swear to this Mai Mai ramaho nia nia. Croniamantal was silent for an instant and then added: "I shall from now on write only poetry free from all restrictions even that of language. "Listen, old man! 44 MAHEVIDANOMI RENANOCALIPNODITOC EXTARTINAP if v.s. A. Z. Telephone: 33-122 Pan:Pan OeaoiiiioKTin ••••••••••• 11111111111 Your last line, my poor Croniamantal," said the bird of Benin, "is a simple plagiarism from Fr.nc.s J.mm.s." That is not true," said Croniamantal. "But I shall compose no more pure poetry. That is what I have come to, through your fault. I want to write plays." You had better go to see the young woman of whom I spoke to you. She knows you and seems to be crazy about you. You will find her in the Meudon woods next Thursday at a place that I shall designate. You will recognize her by the skipping rope that she will hold in her hand. Her name is Tristouse Ballerinette." Very well," said Croniamantal, "I shall go to see Ballerinette and shall sleep with her, but above all I want to go to the theatres to offer my play, Ieximal Jelimite, which I wrote in your studio last year while eating lemons." Do what you want, my friend," said the Bird of Benin, "but do not forget Tristouse Ballerinette, the woman of your future." "Well said," said Croniamantal. "But I want to roar to you once more the plot of Ieximal Jelimite. Listen: A man buys a newspaper on the seashore. From the garden of a house at one side emerges a soldier whose hands are electric bulbs. A giant 10 feet tall descends from a tree. He shakes the newspaper vendor, who is of plaster and who in falling breaks to bits. At this moment a judge arrives. With strokes of a razor he kills everybody, while a leg which passes hopping crushes the judge with a kick in the nose, and sings a pretty little song." "How wonderful!" said the Bird of Benin. ''I shall paint the decoration, you have promised me that." "That goes without saying," answered Croniamantal. (To be continued) Guillaume Apollinaire (Translated by Matthew Josephson) Juan Gris Drawing 46 SAMMY PLAYS THE PAWN (Being three impressions of a child chess-player) I. The curtain rises In the Royal Gorge Tables are set till midnight But no bed For a lost child Who aware of checks Wanders among grim castles Perpetuated In a Noah's ark. 11. Dramatis persona With the smile of a humming bird describing the letter O On a broken blackboard Napoleon on spindle shanks Turns Waterloo to Austerlitz Crying in treble "All right, shoot!" 111. Curtain Armed with St. Martin's tree The little pawn Gargantua Laughs down the castle At the ford of Vede. A fterthought "You are late this morning, schoolmaster. And you have lost your note ? Hold out your hand." Robert Alden Sanborn 47 BOOK REVIEWS NOTATIONS ON THE CAPTAIN'S DOLL The Captain's Doll, by D. H. Lawrence. New Yorfy. Thomas Seltzer. $2.00. The purpose of the three stones: The Captain's Doll, The Fox, and The Ladybird, grouped in this volume, is to convey a serious sense of the unusual. For this enterprise, Mr. D. H. Lawrence em - ploys the following equipment: (1 ) A narrative technic which makes use of symbols: a doll, a fox, a ladybird, to gear and regulate the tales. Necessarily, the re - sults are rather slight and somewhat artificial, for such devices can be nothing more than anemic substitutes for the natural depth and drive of generative ideas and essentialized design. In the first story, a portrait doll of Captain Hepburn, made by his mistress, is dangled about until it is finally forced to serve as starting point for the following observation: "And you can say what you like, but arty woman, today, no matter how much she loves her man —she could start any minute and make a doll of him. And the doll would be her hero: and her hero would be no more than her doll." Which is the climax of this episode. The fox is more effectively an instrument of the second narrative. For the effect it has upon the girl Ellen, and the compelling fascination which Henry Grenfel exercises over her are similar and interchangeable. But the importance and function of the ladybird, aside from certain irrelevant comments made concerning it and the fact that it is a descendant of the Egyptian scarabeus, are questionable, trivial. (2) A descriptive faculty that tends to overshadow or ignore the essential progression of the characters. Excessive and repeated de - scription of a glacier, for example, all but obliterates the central figures who technically should be working towards a rapid climax while ascending it. This over-description often comes in large undigested chunks directly to the reader. Hence the characters are not served by it. Rather, one feels that they exist for the purposes of the descrip- 48 tion. This faculty is perhaps at its best when concerned with physical attractiveness: "The women, old and young, paraded in the peasant-costume, in flowery cotton dresses with gaudy, expensive silk aprons: the men wore the Tyrolese costume, bare knees and little short jackets. And for the men the correct thing was to have the leathern hose and the blue linen jacket as old as possible. If you had a hole in your leathern seat, so much the better." (3) An ability to conceive, but not to inevitably unfold and realize character. Doubtless the five or six major figures of this volume were possessed with unusual qualities and important problems of devel - opment, as Mr. Lawrence saw them. And it must be granted that as creations Captain Hepburn, Ellen March, Grenfel, and Psanek have a certain objective validity. The soft, amusing indifference and in - decision of the first, Ellen's rapid shifts from surface efficiency to deep, subconscious dreams and brooding, Grenfel's foxiness and determina - tion, Psanek's solitary hate and his intense sub-surface power —these qualities exist in the pages of this book. But because Mr. Lawrence fails to finally grip and develop them, they tend to a static rather than to a dynamic and cumulative reality. Hence one sees them; one does not always feel and know them to be there. And with his minor figures Mr. Lawrence is even less successful. Why Hepburn's mis - tress, for example, should invariably be amazed at him, is anything but clear. To state that she is, by the repeated use of this convention: "in the midst of her indignant amazement" or "she turned on him with wide-open eyes of amazement" simply begs the labor of convincing creation. And so, the relations between Hepburn and his lover ap - proach the absurd. In fact the element of absurdity is often so near the surface of these tales, that one with difficulty restrains the convic - tion that Mr. Lawrence is laughing all the while. (4) A prose style, not far removed from the accents and texture of conversation, most at ease in dialog, most competent in narrative passages and in description. A stvle rarely or never luminous and dense, muscular and racy. Nor has it those finished periods that distinguish traditional English prose. Cliche, ineffective images and figures of speech, however, generously stud it: "It was all like a mystery to her, as if one of the men from Mars were loving her;" "it was exactly like day in some other planet;" "he was just committed to her, as he might have been committed to gaol, or committed to paradise;" "so he had seemed to her: like a mute Caesar. Like Germanicus;" "the strange look, like destiny, in his wide-open, 49 almost staring eyes;" "she could feel the arrows of desire rankling;" "but also, the queer figure that sat alone on the roof watching the stars! The wonderful red flower of the cactus;" "like a flown bird;" and you giving off beams of bright effulgence like a Gloria!" "it (the glacier) seemed to her like a grand beast;" "so, after a while of this valley of the shadow of death." And so on. Now one or two more acceptable images by way of balance: "The sky from above was like a sharp wedge forcing its way into the earth's cleavage, and that eternal ferocious water was like the steel edge of the wedge, the terrible tip biting into the rock's intensity;" "she could faintly see the flesh through his beard, as water through reeds." " 'Yes, Ido know what you are talking about. Yes, I do,' he persisted softly, as if he were producing his voice in her blood." (5) A solemnity of background and underlying temperament, an evidently earnest purpose that destroys the fun one might have from those incidents that are frankly absurd, or approach the absurd. Take the passage where Hepburn is frightened at seeing himself in a still-life painting along with two sun-flowers in a glass and a poached egg on toast. Quite amusing, really. But immediately following this we are assured that the Captain is not a person to be spoofed with, for "fatigued and furious he arrived in Salzburg, seeing no beauty in anything." And the whole thing is spoiled. This seriousness will not permit of the volume being taken as a bit of incidental writing. Unfortunately, on no other basis can one claim for it a literary value. Jean Toomer POETS OF THE CATACOMBS Black Armour, by Elinor Wylie. New York. George H. Dor an Company. $1.75. Sea-Change, by Muna Lee. Next) York• The Macmillan Company. $1.50. The Hundred and One Harlequins, by Sacheverell Sitivell. New York. Boni and Liveright. $1.75. The large, imaginative, daring, formidable people in America are mostly to be found on the vaudeville stage, in the movies, the adver - tising business, prize-fighting, railroads, Wall Street. One is led to this conclusion by observing to what an alarming extent those who produce poetry lack such virtues. Art is purveyed for small persecuted 50 colonies, dispersed throughout this continent, and hidden away among its stone walls and steel foundations. They simply do not join in the great funny time that is being had by all —I mean, the Zeitgeist spouts and blows great storms against which they are thoroughly cellared. 1 hus, while the age itself is given to upheaval, our poets, insensibly enough, strike perfectly traditional poses and have nothing to say which would place them in this time rather than in Heine's or Landor's time. Miss Wylie, for instance, is still "the inscrutable woman:" "But none has merited my fear, And none has quite escaped my smile." For our feminine lyricists, it is still fashionable to be wistfully ironical, to hope tenderly but to know that all will go badly after all, to idealize love with knights and kings, to fling a rose wash over love. But it is all very astonishing in this time, which demands hardier poets, such as can straddle the language of our people, or know the genius of this people as well as a vaudeville comedian or an advertising copy - writer, positive, voluble, sententious, and yet by their form and attitude defining the very nature of their age. Unfortunately, neither Elinor Wylie nor Muna Lee are of this mould. Miss Wylie, who has been somewhat indiscriminately complimented for her virtuosity, is generally more dexterous than most of her lyrical colleagues in her use of the older verse forms; nevertheless she is precipitated by these very forms into familiar subterfuges which arouse impatience and resentment, viz.: "delicate and slim," (Hamlet!) "exquisite and thin," "ingenuous shepherd boy," "Passion in the night," "could not pity nor forget," "submit my spirit to the storm." At her best, she is quainter and more charming than the others, as witness "Lilliputian," but the conventional lyric is by now a single fine violin note of pathos which has become nearly insufferable. Miss Lee's register is plainly that of Sara Teasdale, Grace Conk - ling, Wytter Bynner, and a vast chorus of soprano singers. Her theme in "Sea-Change" is Love—the love of popular magazines: a love that desires all of the beloved, that "gives but does not give all," that sings when "the dawn grows red," that wanes upon a large hill at sunset. In short Miss Lee does not express in her love songs an unfor - gettable personal equation as did Sir Philip Sidney, or D. G. Rossetti, whose opinions are invaluable documents for any history of the repro - ductive instinct in mankind. Her verses are facile; at their best they are modelled after Blake's irregular metrics: The East unrolled a sheet of gold, Gold for river and flower and limb; 51 but her images do not have the same air of being accurate statements. Nor is she as frequently happy in playing with her iambs, as witness: The blackbirds fly before the cold, The painted grosbeaks go; Not any tanager is so bold As to brave the snow. The last line scans very badly. By the functioning of the preceding three, one is led to beat a solid accent in the wrong place: "As TO brave the snow." Judged by her own intentions, Miss Lee has not mastered the trade secrets of her medium. The American warblers are a little less painstaking than the English Georgians. A sequence of sonnets concludes Miss Lee's book, but they can scarcely be con - sidered an advance upon the Masefield sonnet: her versification is extremely uneven in a form where departure from orthodox rhythms must be brilliantly executed if at all. Sacheverell Sitwell, (the youngest of the three Sitwells) has much real wit and virtuosity. A prolific and gifted youth, cynical beyond his years, he has adopted the manner of the Seventeenth-Century and Metaphysical poets to lampoon us with. The "manner" comprises fantasy, explosive rhymes, elaborate and unruly metaphors, and a persistently extravagant vocabulary. At his own game, Mr. Sitwell can be most entertaining—always for the particular colony in the catacombs whom this pose pleases best. (For a time, after the arrival of Mr. Eliot, we all thought that we had better rush off and read our Donne, Chapman, Vaughan, Marvell and steal their fantasy and wit as the best retort to the pressure of modern conditions.) And so, Mr. Sitwell can be pert and buffoonish with the language: Who taught the centaur first to drink Ladling his huge hands from the brink — When other monsters lie and lap The waters like a fruitful pap. In the "Hochzeit of Hercules" he is purely the satirist; the fun con - sists of mixing modern figures with ancient ones: Hercules "has taken from fat kings, their motorcars and diamond rings." It is all frankly disappointing. Satire produces essentially negative qualities: a com - promised withdrawal from this übiquitous and consternating existence. M. J. The Orissers, bp L. H. Meyers. Charles Scribner's Sons. $2.00. The 553 pages of this work are an easy evidence of a quantitative energy seeking expression in the novel form. Upon a plot of intrigue 52 and domestic complications it erects a structure that is intended to measure the psychological processes and the cultural-social tendency of people fashioned by modern industrial civilization. Which is to say: it attempts the larger possibilities of the novel. As background, The Orissers gives an industrial city and an adjacent country home. Springing from these, the characters, suffi - ciently concrete and personalized, are nevertheless frankly broadened and interpreted as types. John Mayne and Walter Standish, finan - ciers, fit with an unusual efficiency into the dominant accepted order, while Lilian and Nicholas Orisser find the ease and solitude their sensitized, inbred natures need, at Eamor. Maladjustment and friction comes when one life tries to penetrate the domain of the other. The spiritual obtuseness of Mayne is pricked by his love for, and marriage to Lilian. Distemper and disease set in, and he finally dies at the home of the Orissers. Standish, forced to endure this place because of the sickness of his friend, escapes to his own sphere immediately after the death of this latter. Lilian's spiritual decay is hastened by the invasion. And Nicholas salvages nothing but bitterness from his contact with the material world. Two other major characters figure in this work: Cosmo Orisser and Allen. Cosmo, in addition to the spiritual values of the Orissers, is possessed by a vehement temperament that drives him into experience. Lacking direction, his fervor for a more perfect world degenerates to a hate that includes the place that cradled him and the social form that could find no function for his vision. His end is in near-insanity and complete frustration. Allen, by virtue of an interest in archeology and a less rigid and passionate nature, manages to straddle the two mutually exclusive worlds. The analysis is thorough and convincing, though it is not complete. Summarized, it might be stated thus: since power resides with the complacent, conformist materialists, those who possess dissenting spiritual values will abort (suffering in proporton to the passion with which they press their convictions) or be snowed under. And since an acceptable mixture is impossible, the commercial-financial class will over-ride and supplant the old landowners. As a limited cross-section of western experience—that is, in this novel, one accepts these conclu - sions. Here, surely, whatever the content of the coming years, it is not for Lilian or Nicholas; it is for Walter Standish. But as a general concept and interpretation, this view likewise is not complete. For it ignores the possible proletarian influence upon both of these classes. And it excludes the fact and force of creative values coupled with direction. It excludes the creator, strong enough to accept rather than reject. Here in America at least, it is still to be demonstrated 53 that the artist is unequal to the task of transforming the crude energy of his material world. But perhaps after all one should not look for too inclusive a vision in this work. Perhaps it should be accepted simply as a novel of more than usual scope. The Orissers is not a great novel, in the sense that the lesser novels of Dostoyevski are great. But within the limits of its psychological type content and design it is a volume to be welcomed as a needed departure from provincial episodes and narratives of sex. Castle Conquer, by Padraic Colum. New York• The Macmillan Company. $2.00. The material is rich and interesting: a feudal Ireland for a back - ground; a plot of political conspiracy and peasant revolt; a love tale; Irish tenant farmers, peddlers, soldiers, landowners; Irish songs, frolics, dancing, fairs. The prose is fresh and easy-flowing. And a music comes into it by way of lovely Irish names and the peculiar Irish- English dialog. Nor, given the peasant rhythm, can one seriously object to the book's slow movement, or to the somewhat episodic way in which it unfolds. What, then, is wrong? This: for some reason, perhaps because Mr. Colum has placed too much reliance upon his content, upon its inherent soil-ness and lyricism, upon the general interest in Ireland's struggle for political autonomy, because he has given himself too sparingly unto his work, the poetry of the material and the poetry of the prose fail to achieve a mutually transforming contact. There is no sustained interchange between them. There is no complete intersaturation. (One's standards tend to be exacting of the literature that produced John M. Synge.) Hence Castle Conquer, for all its fresh loveliness and health, misses that living beauty which one somehow expects from it. A History of Art (Volume /), by H. B. Cotterill. New Yor}p. Stokes Company. $10. Mr. Cotterill's pretentious and beautifully illustrated History pur - ports to be a "popular" and readable Outline of Art, after the modern fashion of purveying a vast subject in condensed form. It would have been far more interesting if Mr. Cotterill had brought to his subject the point of view of modern artists, as Mr. Wells did that of modern historians and scientists. On the contrary, Mr. Cotterill is consistently academic, breathing the nineteenth-century scholar's rapture for Hellenic and Renaissance art. From the angle of today, a treatment of Egyptian, Assyrian and Archaic sculpture offers an enviable scope. The distortion, the form- 54. alism, the absence of perspective in Assyrian and Egyptian reliefs and statues suggest new principles which are being brilliantly applied in contemporary painting. Discussing Egyptian sculpture of the New or Second Empire, Mr. Cotterill: "... a freer style is observable, but the old frontal profile distortion is often found, and there is no attempt at perspective." Further, he protests against the "materiality" of Egyptian archi - tecture and sculpture, in a land of "those monstrous temples and pyra - mids and colossi," "of desperate craving for an eternity of material existence, against which even the "politically and religiously half - awakened Hebrew" revolted. Is it not rather true that this mad absorption in the material led to the Egyptian's extraordinary under - standing of the laws of an art, based on the use of such material. In their sculpture in stone or wood, the Egyptians displayed a genius for pure plastic composition which we are struggling to perfect today, and in their "monstrous" architecture a faculty for adjusting harmoniously huge blocks of stone, which is the basis for the new architecture of America. There is the same lack of sympathy for archaic Greek and primi - tive Italian art, as against the "Idealism" of Fourth Century Greek. As a compendium, however—and this is an age of compendiums —this two-volume History with its hundreds of excellent reproductions promises to be extremely useful. NEW BOOKS RECEIVED Men Like Gods, by H. G. Wells. New York. The Macmillan Company. $2.00. Teodoro the Sage, by Luigi Lucatelli. New York. Boni and Liveright. $2.00. Through the Wheat, by Thomas Boyd. New York. Charles Scribner's Sons. $ 1.75. The Craftsmanship of the One-Act Play, by Percival Wilde. Boston. Little Brown and Company. $3.00. Stories, Dreams and Allegories, by Olive Schreiner. New York. Frederick Stokes Company. $1.75. Fiery Particles, by C. E. Montague. New York. Doubleday, Page and Company. $1.75. Man's Prehistoric Past, by H. H. Wilder. New York. The Macmillan Company. $5.00. 55 COMMENT BROOM: 1921—1923 In October 1921, from the charming converted villa of its Roman printer just outside the Porto del Popolo, the first number of Broom issued forth. In October 1922 the eleventh issue set off on its voyage from Berlin. Now a new series, beginning with the seventeenth num - ber, picks up the thread of continuity in a third great city, the city of its birth. The chronicle of Broom's vicissitudes among the nations would be of interest, but it is not so important as an account of the internal evolution of its editorial policy. Whenever a producer in America is censured for the cheapness, triviality or vulgarity of the creation he sponsors, he shrugs the respon - sibility from his shoulders with the platitude, "It is what the public wants." Such an abstraction as "the public" is of course fallacious, there being many publics and more potential ones. The inception of BROOM was based on the faith that there is a public which wants to read sincere contemporary work, regardless of whether or not it has been prepared by advance publicity, regardless of the difficulty in understanding writing which follows experimental and novel modes. The first problem of BROOM was to find this public. Since it lacked the means to attempt the usual publicity, it had to invent other methods. Printing in Europe was the first stratagem. Owing to valuta, it was possible to provide an exotic luxury in make-up, which attracted many readers who otherwise would have failed to single it out from the scores of literary periodicals that spring up and pass away with the seasons. Also, the unusualness of an American magazine which proclaimed the Eternal City as its home aroused a curiosity among readers which was increased by the nature of the material it published. A small and reliable public was soon accumulated. The second problem of Broom proved more difficult of solution. To find little-known writers worth printing and unrecognized artists worth reproducing has taken many months of hard work. The sifting of material in foreign languages has rivalled in difficulty the cajoling of Americans to risk their manuscripts on a journey which at best would last two months. But as the issues succeeded each other and 56 Broom began to be known from Japan to Russia, a rough grouping took shape, and by now a definite number of individuals, widely scattered territorially, are bound together by a thread of common aims expressed in Broom. Their centre is a nucleus of American writers of the youngest generation. To define their common properties is not easy, for it is a sign of health that as yet their opinions and methods are not cast in definite moulds. One trait is so obvious that it has often been over - emphasized: a whole-hearted disapproval of the generation that pre - ceded them. From the days of Irving and Prescott till the early years of the twentieth century, our literature believed, like our chambers of com - merce, that Anglo-American civilization was the highest form of culture attained by mankind. Our writers gloried in the virtues of America and expounded its distinctive qualities. Even such individualists as Whitman were proud to be American. The iconoclasts were the excep - tion, and usually objected to certain specific maladjustments. Then came the muck-rakers. The general disillusionment of which they were the expression soon made itself felt among artists. Certain novelists became prominent whose chief tenet was the evil underlying the showy phenomena of our life. It is not necessary to follow the trend from Upton Sinclair and Dreiser to Anderson and Lewis; their point of attack shifts but the essence of their work is similar. With vision fixed on some Utopia they assail with all their force things as they are, at times supplying a good story or interesting documentation as well. The poetry revival first attracted public attention with the vitriolic denunciations of Masters, but broadened as it developed, and includes among its representatives several writers, such as Marianne Moore, Williams, Stevens and Kreymborg, who, by their concentration on aesthetics, may be con - sidered precursors of the latest movement. However, the majority of poets, even though they veil their bias by a screen of objectivity, share the prevailing disillusion, and four of the more influential have put their belief into practice by exiling themselves voluntarily. The end of this phase is not yet in sight, and a considerable audience has be - come accustomed to weighing the merits of a work according to the vigour with which it assails their favorite antipathies. BROOM had not gone very far before it discovered that a new generation was pushing upwards, distinct in more than years from the preceding. The men of this group are not shocked by the disclosure that stock- 57 yards are congenial hang-outs for neither man nor beast. They can - not confess even to surprise when told that newspapers occasionally misrepresent the facts. Although interested in the social customs of Main Street, they are dubious whether a reformed Main Street, with a Little Theatre, Community Pageants, Modern Book Shop and Birth Control Club would be more attractive and happier. In fact they even question the "open door" woman, having known several in Green - wich Village who lost their virginity concomitantly with their first change of diet, and find little to choose between them and the Saturday Evening Post maiden lady, who was kissed for the first time by a Spanish gallant at the age of 43. They may like bill posters no more than does Van Wyck Brooks, but they do not contend that such things are done better in Europe. Rather they hold that there is a great deal to be said for the American system of going the limit if you are going to go it at all. They keep an open mind toward the phenomena of contem - porary industrialism, and devote themselves to the more immediate task of men of letters: writing well. I do not mean that they are unmoved by the problems of the day, or unconscious of the gross stupidities that falsify social, national and personal relations, but merely that they distrust "current panaceas" and find a little ridiculous the doctrines of poets on economics and of novelists on psychoanalysis. Knowledge has become so specialized that it is impossible to rival Jeremiah or even Jean-Jacques Rousseau. On the other hand these writers have realized that the literary ambition of evoking those aesthetic emotions they desire, by means of controlling their medium, is attainable, and this results in their unusual concentra - tion on problems of form and style. For example Kenneth Burke, perhaps stimulated by research in plastic mediums for what Clive Bell calls "significant form," has been studying its elusive equivalent in writing. His stories, which discard the old binding of plot or narrative, obtain unity by what he calls a super-plot: "the structural framework which appeals to us over and above the message of the line," or paragraph. The experiments of Malcolm Cowley are even more diversified. He believes that every literary conception has an ideal form. In the search for it he has evolved nearly as many forms as he has written poems. He is not afraid to write about contemporary phenomena, and does not share the fashionable gesture of horror toward them. Matthew Josephson is another who is able to discover food for poetry in the "crackle of typewriters, comptographs, dictaphones and phonographs" or "dropping dishes in the effervescent crater" of that part of the 58 restaurant one doesn't think about. His talent is not quite so intellec - tualized as Burke's or Cowley's, not so dependent on theories based on reason, but more instinctive, drawing directly on the subconscious. Thus, his critical writing does not illuminate by studied analysis and synthesis so much as by the unexpected phrase or word that opens vistas of indefinite extension. Like his poetry, his prose is more sug - gestive and less conclusive. All of these have a love of rhetoric, of mouth-filling explosive phrases, unlike the emotional breast-juggling of recent years and more akin to the eloquence of the Elizabethans. Hart Crane must also be mentioned in this connection. E. E. Cummings, the most inventive of all these experimenters, is somewhat older and already well known. The list can be continued farther. Slater Brown, Robert Coates, John Crawford, Charles Galwey, Jean Toomer, Glenway Wescott, Yvor Winters and several others are working along lines of equal interest, but it is premature to appraise or even define them, since the only quality they unquestionably share is that their best work is still to be done. Their history is the history of the future. Most magazines are filled with the more or less diluted repetitions of authors whose positions are established and whose writing impetus has become tired. Such work is seldom the best work, although it has greater commercial value. Material of this kind seldom finds its way into BROOM, which rather errs in the other direction, and is more apt to accept work not quite mature. Thus the readers of Broom are in a sense gamblers, like prospectors for oil. The reward is of a different kind, but so is the cost. BROOM is able at last to give up its vagabond career and to settle in the country to which it belongs. Its collaborators have slowly drawn together into an effective and unified working force. It has connections and friends in such distant places as Moscow and Prague. Broom looks to the future in the expectation of exceeding all that has already been accomplished, and of progressing even faster than the writers whose words form designs on its pages. Harold A. Loeb 59 TOWARD A PROFESSIONAL PROSE American literature within recent years has been sufficiently experi - mental and enterprising to justify terming the present period one of transition toward resolved forms. Poetry, especially, has been profit - ably exploited; an astonishing variety of genres has been essayed and the medium has been enriched. And, notably enough, spirited con - troversies have been maintained over questions which the new writings posed. The atmosphere of controversy and doubt with regard to known methods of working must have done much to stimulate writers as unlike as Carl Sandburg or T. S. Eliot. It is essential to maintain interest at a high temperature in such problems, since it is still an open question whether great artists arouse discussion or are roused by it. Undoubtedly the alertness of the better part of their audience, the other writers, causes them to work under higher pressure. In prose, American writers have shown less impulse to explore and plunder. Contemporary prose causes speculation largely by virtue of the uncertainty with which it faces its audience. At any rate, a certain interest in the mechanics of prose is beginning to be manifested, much like that in poetry a decade ago. The problem of immediate expression has absorbed the attention of most of the venturesome writers since James Joyce's Ulysses and Dor - othy Richardson's epics appeared. In a measure, writers such as these have been instrumental in making the modern language more fluid; but the temper of the age, which is one of prodigious social transformation, must be contributing far more in the way of new names, technical and colloquial, new compounds, neologisms, word-structures. Another period of language expansion, such as occurred in the sixteenth cen - tury, has set in. (The reader is here referred to H. L. Mencken's The American Language.) Revolt against traditional style takes many shapes; one writer employs violent thought-dissociations; another ripe colloquial - isms, and the terminology of our popular magazines, newspapers, ad - vertisements; others, again, employ the most shocking opposition in word-relationships, distort syntax, and punctuation and typography. Even at this, modern writers of English scarcely exceed the violent figures of speech and the vigorous profanity which were seemly to the courtliest ears of earlier centuries. 60 Granted, a more muscular speech, we still face the problem of form. Consider "form" in prose literature as disposition of subject - matter in a progression of some kind which is aesthetically satisfying. The more aggressive expression of today will scarcely alter this broad and quite traditional definition of "form," but it will oppose the com - promises which prose fiction has made in the past. A conventional chain of narrative, corresponding to the pictorial element in the plastic arts or in music has always comprised the homely machinery of nineteenth century prose. The inclusion of social or political propaganda has also hastened the adulteration of prose fiction. No objection is made here to utilizing the English language for business correspondence or publicity or useful journalism. It is simply patent that in approaching the common medium of prose as an artist, the new writer must be guided by something equivalent to plastic laws, rather than popular prejudices. Necessarily, his adventuring with expression will lead him to cast about boldly for subject-matter which leaves his manner of working unrestricted. Certainly, he will become more despotic with relation to subject, both in his selection and his control thereof. The parallel with modern painting is very helpful here. Instead of attempting to paint flesh so "real" that one is prone to step forward and squeeze the figure in the canvas (an obsession with older schools of painters) the modern painter disposes his subject with the most heedless cruelty: the form of the domestic object is treated in accordance with a relentless intellectual design; the tint of the flesh, or whatever texture is used, he decides with the view of support - ing his design. These analagous tendencies are not accidental; art is becoming, at once, more specialized and more primitive. That is to say, the building of a satisfying skyscraper may be a highly complicated feat of engineering, but its architecture may involve only a certain sensitiveness for the proper arrangement of simple masses. The Afri - can native with his playing-building-carving instinct, we have discov - ered, produces a sculpture whose form obeys the inherent plastic laws of that medium. Form may remain as perfectly simple in our hands, despite the extreme complexity of our instruments, whether in building a tower or a novel. Guillaume Apollinaire, whose "Poet Assassinated" continues in this number of Broom, summarizes for us the specialized interest in expression. Speech, or better, the Word, has been given toman to do with as he wills. Apollinaire's picaresque narrative is eternally the pursuit of the Word. One episode may succeed another without reason or sequence, in utter contradiction; there is always the play of 61 . Word. (There is unquestionably a religious element in modern writing: "The Word has been given. . . . ," etc.) Or that Malcolm Cowley should use the detective story as a medium is another instance of the bold casting about for subject-matter. The distinction between romanticism and naturalism disappears—both tendencies, per se, were concomitants of social upheaval at the opening and close of the past century. E. E. Cummings, in The Enormous Room, wrote down the most sordid experiences with the utmost fantasy: a few rather common - place adventures induce extraordinary ones in prose rhythm. In France, Pierre MacOrlan writes romances; but his sophisticated and arbitrary diction contrives an air of supreme unreality. A novel recently published in Paris, Sur le Fleuve Amour, by Joseph Delteil, goes perhaps farther than any of the others in the quest of an organic prose. A perfectly incredible plot develops briskly amid the rather gorgeous rhythms of a style that outdoes the sententious grandeur of a Barres. It is really the arc of sentences, building up into a greater solar system of arcs that composes Delteil's "form." Once in such hands, prose is on the way to becoming as organically an art as sculpture or music. The tendency, here, on the part of writers like Sherwood Anderson or D. H. Lawrence, to proceed from a closer and closer scrutiny of human nature to the creation of prose fiction, may prevail for some time. But others are beginning to work from the opposite end, i.e., a profound scrutiny of the artist's own will. Matthew Josephson It is with deep regret that we announce the resignation of Miss Lola Ridge. Much of the progress which Broom has made toward establishing itself in America can be ascribed to Miss Ridge's whole - hearted and unselfish labors.—The Editors. THE CLASSICS OF TODAY AND TOMORROW Anatole France—and James Joyce George Moore—and D. H. Lawrence William B. Yeats—and T. S. Eliot Arthur Schnitzler—and Paul Morand JoHAN BojER — and SHERWOOD ANDERSON Bertrand Russell—and Van Wyck Brooks Thomas Hardy—and William Carlos Williams Edwin Arlington Robinson—and E. E. Cummings These distinguished names from the list of Dial contributors are only a handful of those whose works, classics already recognized or in the making, share in the achievement of each significant and eventful issue of The Dial. They include all the forms, traditional or in the new manner, in which the classics of today and tomorrow are being cast. No outstanding achievement in the famil- iar forms, nor bold and important experiment by the younger men, has ever failed of access to The Dial's enthusiastic and growing audience. The Dial has closed its doors to none except the trivial, the volubly inarticulate, the tour de force, the passably good, and the inane. SPECIAL OFFER The Dial for one year and one of the fol- lowing notable books—$5.00. (Annual subscription rate —$5.00) A SURVEY, by Max Beerbohm The Judge, by Rebecca West The Waste Land, fcp T. S. Eliot PHANTOM, by Gerhardt Hauptmann MANY Marriages, by Sherwood Anderson THE DIAL 152 West 13th Street New York City Gentlemen: You may enter my name for a year's subscription to The Dial beginning with the issue. In addition, you will send me a copy of the book mentioned below. Name Address □ I enclose $5.00 □ I will remit $5.00 on receipt of your bill. IN the paper which began to poke fun at the mummery of Ku Klux about a year before the daily press took up the subject, the paper which prophesied four years ago certain results of the treaty of Versailles that are now being further confirmed every day, the paper which a great metropolitan editor de- clares "prints a great deal of news in- evitably overlooked by daily papers" — in such a journal, if anywhere, you will find a modern view of current affairs corresponding to the spirit you seek in modern literature. M//V6 /rs A 7 € /V /TS N V* J *7 e* P ii* v* V 1 e i- N 6 S V E P R i H c S The Nation Associate Editors LEWIS S. GANNETT ARTHUR WARNER ERNEST H. GRUENING LUDWIG LEWISOHN FREDA KIRCHWEY, Managing Editor JOHN MACY, Literary Editor OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Editor In addition to its regular fea- tures The Nation is publishing through the summer a series of short stories and sketches by Sholom Asch, Zona Gale, Elisa- beth Sanxay Holding, Sinclair Lewis, Haniel Long, and Carl Sandburg. Contributing Editors JOHN A. HOBSON FRIEDRICH WILHELM FOERSTER CARL VAN DOREN ANATOLE FRANCE H. L. MENCKEN ROBERT HERRICK NORMAN THOMAS In acknowledgment of new subscriptions The Nation is glad to offer a choice from the following titles, and others to be had on application: Free with The Nation for a Year The Goose-Step, by Upton Sinclair* The Economic Basis of Politics, by Charles A. Beard* Triumphant Plutocracy, by Ex-Senator R. F. Petti- grew Lord Jim, by Joseph Conrad For $5.25 with The Nation for a Year The Decay of Capitalist Civilization, by Sidney and Beatrice Webb The Boy Grew Older, by Heywood Broun Homely Lilla, by Robert Herrick* For $5.50 with The Nation for a Year The Bloom of Life, by Anatole France^ The Roving Critic, by Carl Van Doren' Faint Perfume, by Zona Gale* Henry Ford, by Samuel S. Marquis The Captain's Doll, by D. H. Lawrence For $5.75 with The Nation for a Year The Goose Man, by Jacob Wasserman The Critical Game, by John Macy* Reminiscences of Anatole France, by Paul Gsell' Shall It Be Again? by John Kenneth Turner* ,* i* For $6.00 with The Nation for a Year Up Stream, by Ludwig Lewisohn* Against the Grain, by J. K. Huysmans These United States, reprinted from The Nation For $8.00 with The Nation for a Year The American Language, by H. L. Mencken- ,* * Material by the same author has appeared in The Nation. r THE NATION 20 Vesey Street New York For the enclosed please send The Nation for a year and Name .. Address 15 cents a copy Annual subscription $5.00 Broom —August, 1928. Modern Limited Editions THE Ilex Bookshop announces the publication in a uniform bind- ing of a series of several rather re- markable Books, the first of which, in a de luxe signed edition of 975 copies, will soon be ready for subscribers. In virility of phrase and incident, the Books of this forthcoming series are reminiscent of such older writers as Daudet, Huysmans, Wilde, Sterne, Gautier, etc.; but in their mood and treatment the picturesqueness of modern romantic-realism has not been ignored. Readers and collectors who are initiates in privately-printed desiderata should address us to receive regularly our at- tractive announcements of these and other fine Books. THE ILEX BOOKSHOP 39-86 S. Saint Andrew's Los Angeles The Ilex Bookshop, 39-86 S. Saint Andrew's Los Angeles. Gentlemen: Please put my name on your mailing list. The following is one of many letters responding to our an- nouncement of the resumption of BROOM in A merica: June 22, 1923. Dear "Broom:" Record my personal opinion that Broom is the most remarkable journal of today—and that nothing can substitute for it, so peculiar is its function. I don't intend to lose sight of it so long as it is as alive as it has been during the first year of its existence. Hence, I'm doubly sorry that I can't see my way (financially) to re-subscribe at present and must rely on the few newsstands in the city to keep my files of it complete. Should you care to send it to me, remittance to be paid as soon as I procure work, you may do so. But whether or not you do so, be assured of my support and propaganda among friends for your welfare. Sincerely, (Signed) L. LIBERTHSON 1893 Southern Boulevard, New York City. Nothing has encouraged us more than the assurance from many unexpected sources that there is a public for BROOM in America. There must be hundreds and hundreds of people who buy Broom when they happen to find it on newsstands. We should like to link this public together. For this purpose a special offer is made, of a six-months' sub- scription to BROOM (including August, 1923) for $2.00. BROOM 47 W. 34th St., N. Y. For the enclosed $2.00 please send Broom ( beginning with August, 1923) for six months. Name Address The Age of the Machine THE Age of the Machine in America is an age of spiritual change and growth as well as one of eco- nomic ascendancy. A new art and new literature spring sturdily from the machine civilization. What will be their means and directions? Broom, now published in America, will be an aggressive leader for the Art of today. A fearless and non-com- mercial review presenting with authority the work of sig- nificant moderns (not a disordered collection of all names and all schools). Always in intimate touch with Europe, it will bring the unknown plays of her Pirandellos, and the buried manuscripts of her Dostoyevskis to America. Also, one of the most beautiful magazines, with two-color covers by noted painters, numerous reproductions, and large, handsome format. As an inducement to new subscribers the Publishers of Broom offer one of the following with one year's subscription at $5.00: Jacob's Room, by Virginia Woolf Babbitt, by Sinclair Lewis The Hairy Ape, by Eugene O'Neill The Enormous Room, by E. E. Cum- mings or Instigations, by Ezra Pound; with Broom, for $6.00 Continental Stagecraft, by Ken- neth McGowan and Robert Edmund Jones; with Broom for $6.75 The Life of Barnum, by M. R. Werner; with Broom for $6.25 | BROOM -47 W. 34th St., N. Y. For the enclosed $ please send Broom for one year and the fol- lowing boofy: Name . Address $5.00 Annual Subscription. 50 Cents the Copy. Select Printing Company, Inc., New York BROOMAN INTERNATIONAL MAGAZINE OF THE ARTS Editor, Harold A. LoebAssociate Editors, Siater Brown, Malcolm Cowley, Matthew Josephson August, 1923 Published Monthly Vol. 5, No. 1 The Editors of Broom will be pleased to consider mss. submitted to them, butall mss. must be accompanied by a self-addressed stamped envelope. The Editorscannot be held responsible for mss. lost in transit.Broom is published monthly at 47 West 34th Street, New York, by TheBroom Publishing Company, Inc. Second class mail privileges applied for. Copy- right, 1923, by The Broom Publishing Company, Inc. Business and Advertising Office47 West 34th StreetNew York$5 a Year Editorial Office49 West 12th StreetNew York50 Cents the Copy (To be continued) Select Printing Company, Inc., New York Cover Design—Lurcat PageI Shall Name Him Egbert—William Gamaliel Shepard .... 1Drawings—Juan Gris 2, 11Snapshot of a Young Lady—Malcolm Cowley 3Kabnis—Jean Toomer 12Indians in Spring—Janet Lewis 16On Board the Morning Star—Pierre MacOrlan 17Woodcuts—Daragnes 17,28Three Poems—Wilfrid H. Bendall 29Note on Gris and Cubism—H. A. L. 32Drawings—Juan Gris 33,35,45The Poet Assassinated—Guillaume Apollinaire 36Sammy Plays the Pawn—Robert Alden Sanborn 46Book Reviews:Notations on the Captain's Doll—Jean Toomer 47Poets of the Catacombs—M. J 49The Orissers 51Castle Conquer 53A History of Art 53Comment :Broom: 1921-1923—Harold A. Loeb 55Toward a Professional Prose—Matthew Josephson .... 59 I SHALL NAME HIM EGBERT William Gamaliel Shepard why Egbert? there was a kingnamed Egbert, my grandmothertold me about him.No word now,Oh not one wordto cut the links of knowing.I hover, I fall,I shatter and riseand am one and two.I circle the spheres,the comets shyas I passing burn.The bones I ownare those of Eveand of a wooly apeand of a handful of dustrutting in the sun.I have trod the coursefrom God's postern.Now belovedthe pushing wordsthat filled and died?"Oh mystery of life,there are no mysteries in life,let the philosopher come,in one lesson he will readthe moonbeamand hear the messagein a straw's round horn." Drawing Juan Gris SNAPSHOT OF A YOUNG LADY Malcolm Cowley Biggest of its kind in the world. The blue rubberneck bus witha cargo of 25 brides and 25 grooms from Jersey City and points west(plus an unmarried New Yorker) turned hugely from Fifth Avenueinto one of the East Sixties, and stopped."Ladies and Gentlemen, on your left is the residence of MissVirginia Johnson the heiress to millions who is rapidly becoming famousfor her untiring pursuit of Hawkbill the master criminal and her couragein face of his threats although but a slip of a girl she follows him fromthe gilded clubs of Westchester County to the haunts of Lower WestSide gangsters and has been called 'by a jury of twelve qualifiedexperts the perfect type of American girl for whom billions are earnedon Wall Street and spent in Paris and in fact the heroine of everynovel of every moving picture. .A window opened in the Johnson mansion and a printed streamerunrolled. It bore the legend:THE VICISSITUDES OF VIRGINIAA Film from the LifeReleased in all good playhouses May 27Pale, lovely and courageous a face appeared at the window, withhazel eyes and a kissable pouting mouth under a mound of golden hair.Virginia Johnson. I became conscious of a desire, not entirely unself- ish, to aid her at any cost in the pursuit of Hawkbill.". . . It was her miniature which pioneers hid next to their heartswhen crossing the Alleghanies when crossing the Great Valley herportrait and none other which was born tenderly by New Bedfordwhaling captains round the Cape and round the world and home."I followed an impulse to leap from the car, rush to her door. Irang obstinately. I pounded on the glass between the iron grills withall my forces. Nobody came, and with a gradual miasma of literaturethe slow night fell. A blue patrolman watched me. The rubberneckbus had disappeared: at 125th Street it overturned suddenly and allmy companions, fifty, without distinction of sex, were killed. 2. "Come!" she said, and tapped me on the shoulder with her whitehand. I rose to follow.I was Smith Masterman: why should I follow her? A scientistof repute, a star reporter on Manhattan's biggest daily, a criminalinvestigator to whom the mystery of the Kennedy diamonds hadrecently been entrusted. It was not my only case. I was endeavouringat the same time to unravel the Saltoun murder, which seemed to belinked uncannily with the disappearance of 109 matched diamonds thesize of robin's eggs, that sole and immense fortune of the beautiful Mrs.Robinson Kennedy—Ada, as I had learned to call her. And therewas Hawkbill, the master criminal whose nose in the shape of avulture's beak had earned him this sobriquet. He baffled my everystep. Should I follow this girl—more beautiful than Ada Kennedyhad ever been—she would lead me almost certainly into his power.Listen. Is somebody knocking at the door?"Come!" she said again. "I am afraid, Father ..."Her cheeks went white and red as if the hands of Hawkbill wereat her throat already. A tear gathered, there, at a corner of herenormous hazel eyes, under the mound of golden hair. I hesitated nolonger. I followed her and should have followed if Hawkbill hadbeen Satan.My room contained a few worn chairs, a jumble of scientific ap- paratus, a typewriter: companions and tools of my hasty career. Istole a look at them—perhaps the last—and hurried down the stairsinto her limousine. It turned northward.She huddles there beside me. A bond of sympathy unites us in- visibly as if during all my life I had written about no one else and forno other audience. She whispers, "We shall be too late." I try tocomfort her, but a sense of catastrophe weighs on me so heavily thatwords refuse to come. Memories jumbled in an old cigar box.We halted before her mansion in the sixties. Walters, the butler,seemed to be waiting and swung the door open before we crossed thesidewalk. I remarked his sideburns, his disingenuous eyes, a spot onhis waistcoat which might have been blood. We rushed upstairs. Onthe way I stopped to examine a sheet of yellow paper, without water- mark, torn from the sort of pad which is used in high schools, pinnednegligently to a Gobelins tapestry. It contained the rude image of afalcon's beak.Were we indeed too late? On the second floor is the Johnson library, or rather the roomwhich people have agreed to call the library on account of its contain- ing the only books in the house: namely, the eleventh edition of theEncyclopedia Britannica, bound volumes of the Atlantic Monthlyfrom 1890 to 1903 and half a dozen novels which Virginia hadborrowed from her room-mate at boarding school and forgotten toreturn. It is from one of these that I quote a vivid if none too accurateaccount of the Johnson murder:"At one end of the desk was a telephone. Taylor Johnson waslying on the floor at the end of the desk—perfectly rigid—his facedistorted—a ghastly figure. A pet dog ran over, sniffed franticallyat his master's legs and suddenly began to howl dismally."Johnson was dead!" 'Help!' shouted Walters."Others of the servants came rushing in. There was for the mo- ment the greatest excitement and confusion."Suddenly a wild figure in flying garments flitted down the stairsand into the library, dropping beside the dead man without seeming tonotice us at all." 'Father!' shrieked a woman's voice, heart-broken. 'Father!Oh—my God—he—he is dead.' And she fainted."Over her body and over the cold body of the man who for twentyyears had controlled the political destinies of New York City, I sworeto pursue his murderer, to track him down, to bring him before the barof justice of the Eternal."Newsboys were crying on the dusky streets and their shoutsreached me even there. 'Extry. Extry. GERMANS INVADEBELGIUM. Extry.'" 3. I never thought her real. They say her mother bore her not as awoman gives birth to a child or a tree to its fruits but rather as a treemight sacrifice the richness of its sap, or even its life, to produce a singleperfect and frangible flower.Her birth was aseptic and mechanical. They say her mothernever bore her at all.They say her mother before she died fell into a delirium, duringwhose course she prophesied of her daughter: "Virginia will haveevery gift, being rich, beautiful and ignorant of evil. Her arms arewhite as bread. Her hair gleams beyond envy of peroxide. She rides, shoots, swims with precise gestures and lives before the camera asunder God's eye."She has many suitors and she accepts none. The world rideshorseback to disaster."If ever she loves she will find love and death and the knowledgeof evil, and in the same moment. She dies virgin under the symbol ofher name. She is like Indian pipe or maybe dogwood. The worldrides horseback to disaster and the old dog has learned to beg forcookies." 4. She is a spot in the desert lying so still that the buzzards circle over,none of them quite daring to descend. There will be time before sun- set, before the coyotes. Who has frightened the buzzards away? Hestands above her watching without pity. The knife is poised in hishand. She wakens.Full of the purest horror Virginia looked at him for a momentwhich stretched backward and forward into time. Her life revolvedbefore her eyes. She could remember a row of Fifth Avenue shopsand commencement day at Miss Stoughton's School on Hudson.Fear dried her mouth, suggesting the taste of Romance Caramels andafterwards the memory of all the candy boxes she had emptied. Atthe same time she felt the significance of the moment and kept tryingto repeat: I have kept the faith, have kept the faith. The knife de- scended. Is it a dream? A shot rang out.I dragged his body aside. Half-breed Pete had been known forhis sullen good-looks, and there were dozens of women in the lonelyranchos who had suffered his fascination. He was considered capableof any infamy, but until he fell under the influence of Hawkbill hehad never dared an open crime. The buzzards will return.Virginia had fainted again, but I found it no difficulty to restoreher and to force a little nourishment between her blue lips. I led herto the saddled horses, to follow the trail of Hawkbill. Anotherhundred yards and it was confused hopelessly by the hoofprints of hispursuers. There was one hope left: to climb the mountain.Up a precipitous gully: the horses can hold their footing no longer:abandon them and climb, climb the face of vertiginous cliffs where astumble would plunge us a thousand feet, where the breaking of thislittle root would open the doors of space. Virginia never whimpers.Damn these spurs. The sheer rock has imperceptible fissures by the aid of which we mount higher, faster, till the world opens out, higher,till the sun sets, till we reach the summit and look, over blue foothillsand a plain, westward to the Pacific.Small as a fly, a yacht was climbing over its vertical waters. Ilooked through my telescope and gave it to Virginia without comment.On a pennant which floated from the masthead was painted the designof a falcon's beak."Once more, Hawkbill, you escape us, but not for long."We shall follow you until your death or ours."By this drop of blood you drew from the white wrist of Virginia,by the spilt blood of the bravest and purest of women, by her murderedfather I swear it:"WE SHALL MEET AGAIN." 5. The storm subsided, the waves rolled back and left me sprawledhalf-conscious on the beach of Vicissitude Island.It is a volcanic rock surrounded by coral reefs and lying in theSouth Pacific at a latitude which, on account of the circumstances ofmy arrival and departure, I was never able to determine. Indeed Idoubt whether Vicissitude Island has any fixed location. It movesabout in search of shipwrecked sailors. When they have spent a dayand a night in the water, swimming more from habit than a definitehope, it looms suddenly before their eyes and they fall on its beachexhausted. It has been known by a multitude of names. Its natureis substantially the same as when Robinson Crusoe discovered it.For vegetation and animal life I must refer you to my monographon The Fauna and Flora of Vicissitude Island (Schenectady: Inter- ocean Press. $1.65).Its conspicuous features are a large dry cave overlooking the sea,palm trees which supply food, drink and clothing, finally the eggs ofturtles which are discovered in the hot sands and afterwards baked inthe embers of a fire kindled with the matches I always carry in a water- proof case.My life on its shores was bestial, idyllic and flavoured with thememories of my great predecessors. I kept a journal. Sometimesafter a late dinner I grew pleasantly tipsy with cocoanut wine, and atsuch moments dared to extract a snapshot of Virginia Johnson from itshiding place against my breast. It had been taken during a picnic onher estate at Tarrytown, at a period when we believed, by a guilty optimism, that Hawkbill had been drowned in the sinking of the Lusi- tania. Virginia wore a riding habit and was pretending to puff at acigarette which would never touch her lips. She smiled into the camera.She was beautiful and she might have been mine.I replaced the snapshot against my heart and fell asleep to dreamthat I was Hawkbill. His every ruse was clear to me, and justifiedbeing my own. I had tracked Virginia Johnson across two continentstill at last she was in my power, in my arms. If I tracked her down itwas to kill, so that the stupid and innocent might suffer and the worldbe purified by pain. There is no virtue but to be intelligent. The willto die is my only justification for crime. Her eyes are looking up atme with a look which is not surely hate. And the walls fold in,suddenly, confounding us in mutual disaster. A new sun rose.I brooded for weeks over this dream, but finally I became preyto other worries. One morning on the beach I found a long spear ofsome heavy wood, with its point hardened in the fire. It showed nosign of having been in the water. Another day I saw a paper snake ofsmoke far out to sea. I lit a fire on the highest promontory and triedto signal, but the steamer, if it was a steamer, disappeared. I did notlose the hope it kindled. Months passed.I was running to the beach one early morning for my swim, whenI noticed a black spot lying where the tide had washed it the nightbefore. I rushed towards it. The spot was a woman . . . withgolden hair . . . my breath hurts me . . . Virginia.I leaned over, took her wrist gently. The pulse was beating. Mylips met hers in the sacrament of a first kiss.. Her eyes half opened.And in the same moment we heard the drum of an aeroplanemotor overhead. We looked up. The machine was hardly a hundredyards away and on its under wing was the design of a falcon's beak.For a moment whose possibilities unfolded like paper flowers, wethree: Virginia and I and the evil man above, looked one anotherdirectly in the face.The savages are approaching in their war canoes. Out of theforest bursts another tribe. Are their arrows poisoned? A machinegun hammers. When I had exhausted the chambers of Virginia'spearl-handed revolver—all the chambers but two—I whirled the heavyspear above my head. War cries out of a mist. The blood of anenemy is a red alcohol. 6. "Come!" she said, and tapped me on the shoulder with her whitehand. I rose to follow.I was Smith Masterman: why should I follow her? A scientistof repute, a star reporter on Manhattan's biggest daily, a criminalinvestigator to whom the mystery of the Kennedy diamonds had re- cently been intrusted. It was not my only case. I was endeavouringat the same time to unravel the Saltoun murder, but Hawkbill baffledme at every step. Should I follow this girl—more beautiful than AdaKennedy had ever been—she would lead me almost certainly intohis power."Come!" she said again. "I am afraid . . ."Her cheeks went red and white as if the hands of Hawkbill wereat her throat already. A tear gathered, there, at a corner of her enor- mous hazel eyes, under the mound of golden hair. I hesitated nolonger. I followed her and should have followed if Hawkbill hadbeen Satan.As we drove northward she explained the situation to me briefly.Hawkbill had forced his way into her house and at the moment wa3boring through the steel of her safe with an acetylene torch of his owninvention. If we hurried we might capture him. Our search was end- ing in triumph. My arm slipped round her shoulder and she pressedcloser. Yet she seemed heavy with a presentiment of evil, as if fearand love had entered her heart at the same time.I tried vainly to comfort her.Walters had swung open the iron grill before we were out of thecar. We rushed upstairs, forced the library door.I shall forget no detail, however obscure, of the scene which metour eyes. The door of the safe yawns open. In front of it lies heapeda wealth of gems: pearls, diamonds, rubies such as no man's brainbut one could ever imagine. And that one man is sprawled amongthem in a cutaway with black-striped trousers of which I rememberthe not extraordinary pattern. Blood drips from a barely perceptiblemark in his forehead.His nose is like a vulture's beak and death has made it the colourof horn.And strangely his death brings me no joy, only fatigue and a fore- boding. When I turn to make a commonplace remark which thecircumstance would render ghastly, I see Virginia Johnson herself lying motionless on the carpet, while a little blood trickles from a markwhich is counterpart to the mark in the forehead of Hawkbill.Hold a mirror gently to her nostrils. The surface of it is troubledwith no cloud. She died young, young. Cover her face.Her hair is dead as gold. Her eyes in the sun had violet lights,which danced beyond them to glow in other eyes. Her fingers taperprecisely, make no gesture. Cross them in sign of prayer.She died young and she was innocent. They say her mother boreher not as a woman gives birth to a child or a tree to its fruits, butrather as a tree might sacrifice the richness of its sap, or even its life,to produce a flower less perfect and as frangible.Desdemona stifled under a silken pillow, Lucrece dead, the rapeof virgin Ophelia by the water. Cats crawl in the elder bushes to die.I have seen the bodies of sparrows rotting in the streets. Hers was thedeath of a flower I might have plucked.I read of pioneers who crossed the Alleghanies and hid her minia- ture against their hearts. I read of whaling captains from New Bed- ford who bore her portrait with them round the world. They marriedher never. She might have been mine.Her mouth was possibly smaller than the classic. She had poutinglips and a freckle or two and lived. And Ono stolid Roman matron(Lucrece offended in her constancy,) no Alexandrian martyr and virginis worthy to be mentioned by her side.She was the sainted innocence of a world grown arbitrary. Shedied of sanctity.Write on her tomb: She Teas innocent and died. Drawing Juan Gris KABNIS Jean Toomer Ralph Kabnis, propped in his bed, tries to read. To read him- self to sleep. An oil lamp on a chair near his elbow burns unsteadily.The cabin room is spaced fantastically about it. Whitewashed hearthand chimney, black with sooty saw-teeth. Ceiling, patterned by thefringed globe of the lamp. The walls, unpainted, are seasoned a rosinyellow. And cracks between the boards are black. These cracks arethe lips the night winds use for whispering. Night winds in Georgiaare vagrant poets, whispering. Kabnis, agaist his will, lets his bookslip down, and listens to them. The warm whiteness of his bed, thelamp-light, do not protect him from the weird chill of their song:White -man's land.Niggers, sing.Burn, bear black childrenTill poor rivers bringRest, and sweet gloryIn Camp Ground.Kabnis' thin hair is streaked on the pillow. His hand strokes theslim silk of his mustache. Hs thumb, pressed under his chin, seemsto be trying to give squareness and projection to it. Brown eyes starefrom a lemon face. Moisture gathers beneath his arm-pits. He slidesdown beneath the cover, seeking release.Kabnis: Near me. Now. Whoever you are, my warm glowingsweetheart, do not think that the face that rests beside you is the realKabnis. Ralph Kabnis is a dream. And dreams are faces with largeeyes and weak chins and broad brows that get smashed by the fistsof square faces. The body of the world is bull-necked. A dream isa soft face that fits uncertainly upon it. . . God, if I could developthat in words. Give what I know a bull-neck and a heaving body,all would go well with me, wouldnt it, sweetheart? If I could feelthat I came to the South to face it. If I, the dream (not what isweak and afraid in me) could become the face of the South. Howmy lips would sing for it, my songs being the lips of its soul. Soul.Soul hell. There aint no such thing. What in hell was that?A rat had run across the thin boards of the ceiling. Kabnisthrusts his head out from the covers. Through the cracks, a powderyfaded red dust sprays down on him. Dust of slave-fields, dried, scattered. . . No use to read. Christ, if he only could drink him- self to sleep. Something as sure as fate was going to happen. Hecouldnt stand this thing much longer. A hen, perched on a shelf inthe adjoining room begins to tread. Her nails scrape the soft wood.Her feathers ruffle."Get out of that, you egg-laying bitch."Kabnis hurls a slipper against the wall. The hen flies from herperch and cackles as if a skunk were after her."Now cut out that racket or I'll wring your neck for you."Answering cackles arise in the chicken yard."Why in Christ's hell cant you leave me alone? Damn it, Iwish your cackle would choke you. Choke every mother's son ofthem in this God-forsaken hole. Go away. By God I'll wring yourneck for you if you dont. Hell of a mess I've got in: even the poultryis hostile. Go way. Go way. By God, I'll ..."Kabnis jumps from his bed. His eyes are wild. He makes forthe door. Bursts through it. The hen, driving blindly at the window- pane, screams. Then flies and flops around trying to elude him.Kabnis catches her."Got you now, you she-bitch."With his fingers about her neck, he thrusts open the outside doorand steps out into the serene loveliness of Georgian autumn moon- light. Some distance off, down in the valley, a band of pine-smoke,silvered gauze, drifts steadily. The half-moon is a white child thatsleeps upon the tree-tops of the forest. White winds croon its sleep- song:rock a-by baby . .Black mother sways, holding a white child on her bosom.when the bough bends . .Her breath hums through pine-cones,cradle will fall . .Teat moon-children at your breasts,down will come baby . .Black mother.Kabnis whirls the chicken by its neck, and throws the head away.Picks up the hopping body, warm, sticky, and hides it in a clump ofbushes. He wipes blood from his hands onto the coarse scant grass.Kabnis: Thats done. Old Chromo in the big house there willwonder whats become of her pet hen. Well, it'll teach her a lesson:not to make a hen-coop of my quarters. Quarters. Hell of a fine quarters, I've got. Five years ago; look at me now. Earth's child.The earth my mother. God is a profligate red-nosed man about town.Bastardy; me. A bastard son has got a right to curse his maker.God. . .Kabnis is about to shake his fists heavenward. He looks up, andthe night's beauty strikes him dumb. He falls to his knees. Sharpstones cut through his thin pajamas. The shock sends a shiver overhim. He quivers. Tears mist his eyes. He writhes."God Almighty, dear God, dear Jesus, do not torture me withbeauty. Take it away. Give me an ugly world. Ha, ugly. Stink- ing like unwashed niggers. Dear Jesus, do not chain me to myselfand set these hills and valleys, heaving with folk-songs, so close to methat I cannot reach them. There is a radiant beauty in the night thattouches and . . . tortures me. Ugh. Hell. Get up, you damnfool. Look around. What's beautiful there? Hog pens and chickenyards. Dirty red mud. Stinking outhouse. Whats beauty anywaybut ugliness if it hurts you? God, he doesnt exist, but nevertheless heis ugly. Hence, what comes from Him is ugly. Lynchers and businessmen, and that cockroach Hanby, especially. How come that he getsto be principal of a school? Of the school I'm driven to teach in?God's handiwork, doubtless. God and Hanby, they belong together.Two godam moral-spouters. Oh, no, I wont let that emotion comeup in me. Stay down. Stay down, I tell you. O Jesus, Thou artbeautiful. . . Come, Ralph, pull yourself together. Curses andadoration dont come from what is sane. This loneliness, dumbness,awful, intangible oppression is enough to drive a man insane. Milesfrom nowhere. A speck on a Georgia hillside. Jesus, can you imagineit—an atom of dust in agony on a hillside ? Thats a spectacle for you.Come, Ralph, old man, pull yourself together."Kabnis has stiffened. He is conscious now of the night wind, andof how it chills him. He rises. He totters as a man would who forthe first time uses artificial limbs. As a completely artificial man would.The large frame house, squatting on brick pillars, where the principalof the school, his wife, and the boarding girls sleep, seems a curiousshadow of his mind. He tries, but cannot convince himself of itsreality. His gaze drifts down into the vale, across the swamp, up overthe solid dusk bank of pines, and rests, bewildered-like, on the court- house tower. It is dull silver in the moonlight. White child thatsleeps upon the top of pines. Kabnis' mind clears. He sees himselfyanked beneath that tower. He sees white minds, with indolent as- sumption, juggle justice and a nigger. . . Somewhere, far off in the straight line of his sight, is Augusta. Christ, how cut off from every- thing he is. And hours, hours north, why not say a lifetime north?Washington sleeps. Its still, peaceful streets, how desirable they are.Its people whom he had always halfway despised. New York?Impossible. It was a fiction. He had dreamed it. An impotentnostalgia grips him. It becomes intolerable. He forces himself tonarrow to a cabin silhouetted on a knoll about a mile away. Peace.Negroes within it are content. They farm. They sing. They love.They sleep. Kabnis wonders if perhaps they can feel him. If perhapshe gives them bad dreams. Things are so immediate in Georgia.Thinking that now he can go to sleep, he re-enters his room. Hebuilds a fire in the open hearth. The room dances to the tongues offlames, and sings to the crackling and spurting of the logs. Windcomes up between the floor boards, through the black cracks of thewalls.Kabnis: Cant sleep. Light a cigarette. If that old bastardcomes over here and smells smoke, I'm done for. Hell of a note,cant even smoke. The stillness of it: where they burn and hang men,you cant smoke. Cant take a swig of licker. What do they thinkthis is, anyway, some sort of temperance school ? How did I everland in such a hole? Ugh. One might just as well be in his grave.Still as a grave. Jesus, how still everything is. Does the world knowhow still it is? People make noise. They are afraid of silence. Ofwhat lives, and God, of what dies in silence. There must be manydead things moving in silence. They come here to touch me. I swearI feel their fingers. . . Come, Ralph, pull yourself together. Whatin hell was that? Only the rustle of leaves, I guess. You know,Ralph, old man, it wouldnt surprise me at all to see a ghost. Peopledont think there are such things. They rationalize their fear, and calltheir cowardice science. Fine bunch, they are. Damit, that was anoise. And not the wind either. A chicken maybe. Hell, chickensdont wander around this time of night. What in hell is it?A scraping sound, like a piece of wood dragging over the ground,is coming near."Ha, ha. The ghosts down this way havent got any chains torattle, so they drag trees along with them. Thats a good one. Butno joke, something is outside this house, as sure as hell. Whatever itis, it can get a good look at me and I cant see it. Jesus Christ!"Kabnis pours water on the flames and blows his lamp out. Hepicks up a poker and stealthily approaches the outside door. Swings it open, and lurches into the night. A calf, carrying a yoke of wood,bolts away from him and scampers down the road."Well, r m damned. This godam place is sure getting the bestof me. Come, Ralph, old man, pull yourself together. Nights cantlast forever. Thank God for that. Its Sunday already. First timein my life I've ever wanted Sunday to come. Hell of a day. Anddown here there's no such thing as ducking church. Well, I'll seeHalsey and Layman, and get a good square meal. Thats something.And Halsey's a damn good feller. Cant talk to him, though. Whoin Christ's world can I talk to? A hen. God. Myself. . . I'mgoing bats, no doubt of that. Come now, Ralph, go in and makeyourself go to sleep. Come now ... in the door . . . thats right.Put the poker down. There. All right. Slip under the sheets. Closeyour eyes. Think nothing ... a long time . . . nothing, nothing.Dont even think nothing. Blank. Not even blank. Count. No,mustnt count. Nothing . . . blank . . . nothing . . . blank . . .space without stars in it. No, nothing . . . nothing . . .Kabnis sleeps. The winds, like soft-voiced vagrant poets, sing:White-man's land.Niggers, sing.Burn, bear black childrenTill poor rivers bringRest, and sweet gloryIn Camp Ground. INDIANS IN SPRING Janet Lewis The nights were cold,And they came slowly upstream,Pulling past channel stakesGnawed white with ice.Poplar flowers,Blossoming and fallingThrough air remaining coldAs water, the flesh of spring. ON BOARD THE MORNING STAR Pierre MacOrlan (Translated by Malcolm Cowley) Daragnès Daragnès * I The tenth of October, 1 720, as we were coasting the southernshore of Jamaica we saw a sloop anchored in Dry Harbour Bay.According to the usages of gentlemen of fortune, George Merrygave order to hoist the black flag. By informing the stranger of ourtrue quality we risked nothing, and the mere apparition of this funerealcrepe gave the results which we were privileged to expect: two men whowere on board the sloop leaped into a boat moored to the stern andpulled hastily for the shore, where we soon lost sight of them. George Merry had himself rowed to the sloop. He was accom- panied by his boatswain—we called him Peter Black Sheep—and bya sailor from Dieppe whom we had enrolled in North Carolina while wewere lurking at the mouth of the Roanoke.At the fall of night Peter Black Sheep and the sailor rowed backto the Morning Star. We aided them to embark the merchandisewhich they had been able to find on the sloop. It was a modest booty,but when we considered the few pains it had cost us we greeted it withsatisfaction. Our last cruise had been vain, fortune having abandonedthe folds of our flag.Before our eyes the pillaged sloop rocked in the breeze. No soundtroubled the quiet of the harbour. We stretched out on the deck, headspillowed on our crossed arms, and rested. Many slept like beasts,with little nervous starts. We were so tired that our dignity as menseemed to be abolished.In the evening we heard the whistle of George Merry. A ship'slantern was lighted on the sloop. Peter Black Sheep and the Dieppesailor untied the boat to bring back our captain. When they came onboard the Morning Star every one was asleep. . . .Early in the morning George Merry gave order to ship anchor.We stretched full sail to the south wind and the Morning Star whippednorthward, where lay the hazards of our profession.The man from Nantes took his flute and translated into frail notesthe ecstasy in which our hearts were melting. Captain Merry himselfapproached our circle, and for the first time we saw that he was accom- panied by a tall young man with robust limbs, whose beardless faceexpressed audacity and the pride of adventure. He introduced thisnew gentleman of fortune, who desired to submit himself to our lawsand to the sterile fantasy of our wandering life.His elegance silenced the magic flute. We none of us uttered theimpression which this proper sailor, with his decided air, had created inthe hell of our hearts.His hair, tied back with a ribbon, revealed a neck which was asdelicate and tender as that of a young boy. It was evident that thecaptain favoured this new comrade with his friendship.The stranger—on account of his irritating grace he would alwaysbe a stranger to us—showed himself an able sailor. He was suppleand seductive as he climbed the ropes, and his knife, which he heldclenched between his little teeth, made him resemble a young cat carry- ing a fish. He knew his trade and therefore we respected him a little. And besides, his beauty impressed us enough to gain the right of re- maining obedient, taciturn and distant.Thereupon we gave chase to two Dutch traders bound for Martin- ique, one in ballast and the other laden with sugar and cocoa. Thefight was savage but the booty exceeded our hopes. All night weburned rum in great copper kettles. Pew and the man from Nantesfought with knives, and dawn found us lying supine on a quarterdeckstill blackened with powder, spotted with blood and pitch.Our handsome shipmate had born himself like a true knight offortune. And when the orgy recommenced by day, he drank with usfrom a silver loving cup, of which he wiped the brim. He made agesture to raise it to our success, when a little hook at the collar of hisembroidered shirt gave way, and in stupour we beheld the revelationof the double cupola of two breasts as pure, as amiably rounded asthe pink domes of the cathedral of St. Hermit, at Palermo.Surprise left us voiceless before this woman whom chance hadrevealed to us brutally.Then, we stretched out our fists in her direction, we howled at herface the oaths we had learned in every language of the earth, we spitat her feet like the damned, and our anger rose, rose in measure to theobscene words from our throats.For we reproached her with standing motionless before our eyesin her calm beauty, and above all because she had watched us, thefuture clients of the gibbet, in the horror of our coarseness, our unshavenfaces, our dirty linen, our smells, our misery.And we reproached her, without being able to specify motives ofthis anger, with having surprised us as we searched with dirty finger- nails for the lice which gnawed us.And we reproached her because she had not revealed herself intime to allow us to attempt her conquest by embellishing our faces andour hands, according to the methods familiar to all men, before we cutour throats for bitter joys. II. After cruising three days in the Gulf of Honduras—where we metCharles Vane, who had just captured the Pearl, Captain Bowling—we dropped anchor in a creek of the little island of Barnacko, whitherGeorge Merry had decided to retire to caulk the seams of the MorningStar.Leaving the smaller part of the crew on board, we disembarkedon the soil of this fertile island, which the ocean had set down like a basket too full of fruits and flowers. The scattered houses whichcomposed the village offered but few resources for the satisfaction ofour appetites: fruit in earthenware bowls, dried fish, a little milk andsome mussels which we broke with our knife handles.While the larger part of the band scattered through the little vil- lage to seek its fortune, the man from Nantes, Pitti, MacGraw, JackSeven and four or five of the beaux of the forecastle resolved to skirtthe southern coast, which disappeared at this point under the rarestsamples of the vegetation of the tropics.I followed this little troop, for I had the confidence of MacGrawwho liked, on certain days, to lift the veil covering a past of bookishlabour. He instructed me to the point of being able to read, correctlyenough, a Latin Bible and the Hudibras of Samuel Butler in English.I m thirsty, said the man from Nantes. "Have you any rum,old Mac? I'll pay it back on the day of our elevation, when webless the girls of Savannah with our feet."MacGraw passed him a gourd. He clenched his teeth, lifted itto the end of his arm, and poured out a thread of rum which he swal- lowed slowly.We continued our ramble. A fugitive odour of jasmine mountedto our nostrils, and among the green tufts of banana trees and the freshleaves of live-oaks we saw a little white cottage, of a blinding whiteness,where all the shadows were printed in blue. A bird hidden in thevelvet shade of the palms whistled to render the silence more solemn,for, outside of its enchanting voice, no sound revealed the presence ofany life whatever. We made a circuit of the house, by habit, and theman from Nantes, thrusting his head through a little window, madeus a violent sign with his hand to be still."You can come," he said as he straightened up. We penetratedinto the cool house, one behind another.In the centre of its one room, on a piece of worn matting unrolledfrom the wall, a young negress was sleeping. She was almost nakedand her hair was knotted in a yellow silk kerchief with violet spotsthe size of peas. The sole furniture was a chest which supported apitcher of clear water where a giant spider was agonizing. In onecorner a pile of dirty linen covered a few kitchen utensils."Milady!" roared MacGraw, trumpeting his hands round hismouth.The ebony lady startled up, raising the whites of frightened eyes.During a few seconds her face expressed the most legitimate terror.Then her mouth broadened to a grin, she rose, took a step toward the man from Nantes and placed her two hands on his shoulders, onboth sides of his head. Her lips rounded, seeking a kiss.I knew it,"he declared. "This lady of quality has been waitingfor me. I have sailed twenty years only to land on this island andwed her legally. Gentlemen, I invite you all to be present at theceremony." . . .The ceremony was curiously impressive. George Merry had of- fered a cask of rum, which we carried to the house of the bride on alitter formed of branches. We drank all day. We parodied thereligious ceremony. The negress, dressed in a satin gown which wehad saved from the pillage of a French vessel, leaned on the arm ofher cavalier and received as her just homage the powerful acclamationsof the crew of the Morning Star.We separated late at night, leaving the platters clean and gobletsempty. Everybody returned to the ship or to the huts of the village.The bride and groom remained with MacGraw and me, since we twowere to pass the night in a narrow attic above the nuptial chamber.Before wishing them a good night, we emptied the remainder ofthe cask of rum into a flask which must have contained six or sevenquarts, and so climbed heavy-headed into our retreat, leaving the flaskto the fantasy of the groom but advising him under no circumstancesto let it run dry.We fell immediately into a dead sleep, and when we woke itwas broad day.MacGraw, his hair dishevelled and his voice hoarse, shouted,"Hello, Nantes! Bring up the rum! Bring the rum, old shipmate!"Nobody answered. We climbed down the ladder which tookthe place of stairs. As we entered their chamber we saw our oldshipmate stretched out on the matting, his throat cut open from earto ear, bled white like a slaughtered pig."She stole the rum! The rum is gone!" howled MacGraw. . . .We found the wife of the defunct a few yards from the whitecottage. She was extremely drunk. She lay at the foot of a treewith the flask of rum between her knees, and there was blood on herhands, between the fingers.When we raised her up to hang her, she hardly opened her eyes,attempted the politeness of a smile, wished to kiss Pitti and to say some- thing. Her head fell back on her breast. It took three men to passthe cord around her neck, she was so heavy and limp. In her lastslumber she stuttered:"Love... Love..." Pitti drew the rope tight. When she felt her feet leave the ground,she opened frightful eyes, suddenly. But she died almost immediatelyand swung back and forwards a long time before remaining still, extra- ordinary still, in the noisy forest. III When we arrived before Vera Cruz with the Dutch flag at ourmasthead, hoping to trade with the Spaniards without fear of beingdenounced, we saw that every ship in the harbour was flying a yellowflag to indicate that a sly Death blew over the city like a great andfetid and mysterious wind.George Merry, Anselmo Pitti and Pierre Black Sheep thoughtwe should fly before the wind to escape the voracious plague, but ithappened that several others, MacGraw among them, desired on thecontrary to make a landing, arguing that business would be easy inthe midst of the general desolation, and they undertook, knowingan apothecary who was willing to receive goods and ask no questions,to avoid the quarantine and the thin and haughty alguazils.MacGraw demanded a week to attend to our business and hisown. George Merry hesitated, allowed himself to be convinced,and the Morning Star found anchorage on the coast not far from theyellow bunting of the harbour, toward San Juan d'Ulhua.That night we untied a rowboat and embarked: MacGraw, Pewand myself.With the light of day we found our road and soon MacGrawlifted the brass knocker of a house built in the Spanish fashion, care- fully closed, cool and porous as an earthenware jug which containsfresh water.There was a slot fashioned in the door; it opened at our call anda voice, hardly an amiable voice, greeted us in these terms: "Whatdo you want? Is this an inn? Do all the dogs of creation come hereto beg shelter?"Perfect, said MacGraw. "Say no more. ... I recognizeyou, Goldfish. Old hangbird, you haven't changed. . . . Openthe portal of your hospitable dwelling. It's MacGraw, with friends,and may God damn me black if I esteem the plague which will pre- sent me to the devil as highly as I esteem your Lordship."We approved the terms of his discourse. Meanwhile the dooropened slowly and the face of Goldfish appeared, lighted by a lantern,to affirm how worthy of the name was its proprietor. Two red eyes were his ornament. The nose was small andbalanced itself over the gulf of a lipless mouth. A receding chinwas confused with the line of the throat, a feature which gave him—when combined with his bald and pointed skull—the appearance ofa carp's head. His colour was a golden bronze, as far as we couldjudge by the light of the lantern and by the first streaks of a lividdawn."Come in and close the door," said Goldfish.We followed him. He led us across a courtyard surrounded withbuildings on four sides, and with a circular gallery of carved mahogany.We climbed a stone stairway and Goldfish blew out his lantern,pressing his body against the wall to let us pass. With MacGrawin the lead we penetrated into a vast room decorated in a mannerstrangely reminiscent of hell."This," whispered MacGraw, "seems a chapel constructed forthe devotions of Black Teach." He sat on a three-legged stool andwe followed his example, seeking a place to rest our feet in the midstof paintpots and brushes soaking in broken vases."So you are no longer an apothecary?" asked MacGraw."No," Goldfish answered gruffly, "today lam a painter. Whydid you come, the three of you?"He approached so near that he was breathing in my face; his dryhand took my wrist and a finger pressed on the artery."Take care," he said.Then turning toward MacGraw he said, angrily, "Are you sureyou haven't got it? Stick out your tongue. . . . And youreyes . . . how red they are!""You should give us a drink," said MacGraw.Goldfish descended the stair, grumbling confused words. Weheard him jingling a bunch of keys in the courtyard.Without exchanging a word we looked round us. The floor ofthe room was strewn with clippings of canvas, paint-pots and worn- out brushes; in one corner was a strange row of cardboard sugarloaves,certain of which, half decorated, presented an aspect both grotesqueand repulsive; crosses covered with Latin inscriptions were hangingon the walls as also were immense scapularies barred with St. Andrew'scrosses or painted with winged devils brandishing pitch-forks, breath- ing out flames.We regarded these decorations, to say the least incomprehensible,and which, on account of the poverty of the materials which theyadorned, could only evoke some vulgar masquerade, when Goldfish returned with two bottles which he placed on a table beside a stub ofcandle, some crusts of bread, and the dried skins of oranges."Drink," he said. "Perhaps you have a fever?"We filled our glasses and that of Goldfish, and we drank to hishealth. We set them down. In the street we heard a deep murmur,a sort of groan, with the trampling of horses and the machinal humof a crowd at prayer. We rushed toward the shuttered windows tosee a religious masquerade whose aspect astounded us. Between twofiles of soldiers in ill-fitting uniforms and carrying their muskets care- lessly, marched a group of men and women dressed in scapularieswhich were painted in the manner of those which we had seen on thewalls of the room. They wore a sort of grotesque bonnet, whichexplained equally the use of those sugarloaves which had appearedso repulsive to us. Behind these carnavalesque penitents marchedmulatto slaves carrying on their shoulders wooden boxes in the shapeof little coffins. Priests chanted in the confusion, and the girls whowore scapularies and painted cardboard bonnets questioned with theirenormous eyes the crowd of bearded men. Their jaws trembled.Sometimes they stumbled, fell on their knees, while a confessor holdinga crucifix lifted them to their feet with a sort of indiscreet benevolence."It is the Inquisition," said MacGraw. "They are leading a fewJews to the stake. The Dutch flag protects us.""They brought the plague," Goldfish replied. "I painted theangel of the plague on their bonnets—which are known as carrochas—and on their samarras, for I am the official painter of the HolyInquisition. These witches have been the opportunity for the sensitivecolouring of my best work."He added in a judicial voice as the procession wavered and re- sumed its march: "I paint the crosses and carrochas, and the samarraswith a grey background. Regard how the portrait of the heretic orsorcerer is natural and vivacious. I paint from nature, in the very gaolwhere these wretches fatigue the heavens with their cries. Let merecommend you this virgin or prostitute, it doesn't matter, the thirdafter the file of men. You see the one I mean ? I painted her portraiton the front and back of the samarra. She wears this artistic garmentbecause she denied the true faith before the Holy Tribunal, in spiteof the fact that she was convicted of having introduced to our citythe odious and melancholy plague, whose victims lose, it is said, thesentiment of God."At night," continued the mortuary painter, "it seems that mytaut skin converges towards an enormous bubo which bursts with anoise of thunder. The Yellow Death will dominate the world, and volcanoes are only buboes, perhaps the messengers of a fleshless libertyif I credit my dreams.""What about business?" asked MacGraw."May the devil here painted carry you off!" barked Goldfish."This gallows carrion comes to talk of business when the whole citytrembles like a little girl who stretches out her hand to a fortuneteller. Business . . ."Instead regard my portraits and the decorative principles of thetortures which vary according to the soul of the patient, his tastes,what he has been, what he will become, and above all the things whichhe regrets, for all the subtlety of my art consists in materializing theregret of life by means of images of which only a part are symbolic."The artist took his head between his hands and sobbed, "Mymasterpieces, my poor masterpieces will again be victims of the auto- da-fe! Even those imbeciles who paint red crosses on vulgar san- bemtos are less to be pitied than I . . . I . . .1 am most cun- ningly tortured of all the victims of the Holy Inquisition.""When this damned masquerade has crossed the square," mur- mured MacGraw, "we shall leave the painter to his art. Then, Godbeing willing, we shall rejoin George Merry and flee this soil wherefever, like a pagan divinity, bathes in every fountain.""The city has the air of an enormous copper coin, red hot," addedPew. He clicked his tongue, for the air about us smelt of hot copperwith, at intervals when a little breeze sprang up, the odour of woodsmoke and grilled flesh."You digress," said Goldfish interrupting the course of his dreams."You wander, and I believe you are trembling. . . . Whence doyou come . . . with this swollen tongue, these eyes rimmed withscarlet and this exaltation of the lesser sentiments before the spectaclesof nature?""Easy, easy, Goldfish. Remember the old days at London whenyou drank urine punch with the 'German widows' of Mother Knox,at Covent Garden, and forget these mummeries . ."Mummeries! Gentlemen, your Lordships! He opens his mouthto blaspheme. He . . . "Goldfish in suffocation carried his hands to his neck, swollen likea puff-adder. Then he grew calm, rubbed his palms against eachother and, timidly, approached the door."Gentlemen," said the renegade, "I place my treasures under yourprotection. (He pointed to the carrochas and the sanbenitos.) Iam leaving you immediately to seek the elements of a banquet worthy of your Lordships and of an old comrade, although I must confessthat I hardly understand his remarks on our former life. I shallreturn."He took a step toward the door . . . one step . . . but, Iswear it, each of us saw from the expression of MacGraw that we hadto act without longer delay. Anyhow, MacGraw was the first tobound on Goldfish, who could not withstand the shock and fell onhis two knees. He grunted.And MacGraw strangled him with his two powerful hands, whilewe held the prone limbs of the painter of sanbenitos. His eyes turnedslowly, his tongue pointed from his mouth, his violet-spotted facebecame a mask like his paintings. MacGraw, to revive his forces,untwisted his fingers and a little life seemed to reanimate the hideouspatient. Our comrade knitted his embrace three times, and we feltthat the man had just died between our hands."He wished to denounce us for what I said about the monks,"panted MacGraw.We left the twisted corpse on the floor, and behind the shutterswe inspected the public square, now empty, airless, hot. A madmanran in the shelter of the walls, hunting for a little shade. He raised hisarms to heaven. Out of breath he seated himself beside a dry fountainand rolled on the ground, scratching it like a wounded beast."Perhaps the time has come for us to go," I said. MacGraw andPitti nodded their heads, but this precipitate departure had too muchthe air of a flight, and we hunted for some sort of compensation.We took Goldfish, and such as he was, with his tortured face, wedressed him in a grey scapulary where unfinished demons howled beforeflames in the shape of tongues; we set a cardboard bonnet on his head,and it was the final brush-stroke which completed the monstrous person- age which we had just created, we, other artists. When he wasdressed we carried him into the courtyard and hanged him before thedoor with his feet resting on the stone slabs of the vestibule."We can't go out yet," said Pew, "not by day. We'll have towait till nightfall . . . Have I a fever? . . . Feel if I have afever, MacGraw."MacGraw, in the twilight of the courtyard, laid a finger on thevein of Pew's wrist."It is nothing," he said.We remained seated on the stairway, all three, without saying aword, facing the dead man in his pointed bonnet. "It hurts me still ... my heart. . ." said Pew again. Heleaned a little over the step to vomit."Go farther, pig," said MacGraw.We waited for night like a thief broken on the wheel who waitsfor death. The minutes passed slowly and the sun, seen above thecourtyard as from the depths of a well, refused to bend its homicidalrays."I . . . . it . . ." said Pew.He did not dare to complain. I surprised MacGraw in theshadow, feeling his own artery at the wrist, slyly, uneasily.Pew could not walk; his legs were limp. We supported him bythe wrists, feeling the blood that beat along his veins, against ourclenched palms.The odour of burned flesh persisted over the city. A great flockof crows and vultures passed over us. They uttered various cries; afew sobbed like children.Pew collapsed at last in spite of our efforts. We let him fall toearth. He raised his eyes toward MacGraw; they had grown super- naturally intelligent."Here, Mac," he said, pointing to his heart. "And quick." Mac-Graw leaned over him as if to look at his tongue, resting all the weightof his body on a knife which he had applied discreetly against theheart of his comrade.We abandoned the defunct and rejoined George Merry and theband. And we never spoke of Goldfish or the plague, in fear of beingabandoned, by precaution, in a ship's boat with biscuits, water, a rifleand a little powder. The death of Pew was explained naturally asthe result of a quarrel adroitly described according to our traditions.But during fourteen days and fourteen nights MacGraw and Ifelt, in secret, the big vein of our left wrist, and we examined themirrors which reflected our tongue . . . We had no desire toquestion our memories of Vera Cruz. IV On the gibbet of Savannah, on the quai which faces the motherocean, a young man is hanging.His clothes are those which he wore on the Morning Star, a hand- some red coat, an embroidered waistcoat, black velvet breeches andwhite stockings. Everywhere an abundance of gold galloons.On his already fleshless head his cocked hat perches coquettishly.It is reddened by the sun. His hands, bound high on his back, givehim the appearance of a hunchback. It is George Merry, the captain of the Morning Star. He willnever smoke his long and melancholy pipe, and the plump Spanishgirls have nothing more beneath their skirts to excite his curiosity.Stiff and sumptuous at the end of the rope he hardly excites theglances of the passers-by and the example of his death fills the heartsof cowards only with fear.Yonder on the mother ocean, the Morning Star perpetuates itstradition under a new master. The black flag floats from its mizzenmasthead and for the gentlemen of fortune who sprawl on the deckspeaking of the past, George Merry is only a detail confounded withthe whores of Maracaibo, the man from Nantes and his negress andthis little, little girl who plucks up her pink skirt with an uneasy gestureto water the mandrake growing at the foot of the gallows tree. * On Board the MORNING Star consists of the fifth, twelfth, eighth andsixteenth episodes of A Bord l'Etoile Matutine (Paris: G. Cres et Cie.,1921). THREE POEMS Wilfrid H. Bendall I. THE CHASMS Here and there abysses appear before me in the gloom.I have only one concern .... to escape them.I am an armoured affair, upright and quiet, gothic.With appalling slowness I recognise each chasmAnd with appalling slowness I take steps to escape,I approach slowly, with a holy, chaste step,The air is quiet, there is no music, all the birds are dead,(I wonder who prepared this decoration)I glance at the chasm as one glances at a Latin inscription,With icy reserve, I lift one foot, it hangs against the sky likea carved club.Over the edge of the chasm I play a little, I dally upon theedge,The rocks sweat with desire and I with a charming fear,My body sways measuredly, deliberately,The depths of the cavern gleam intensely, blue and quivering;The rocks, absolutely still, hold their furrows rigid withexpectation,Very, very slowly I begin to fall forward,I begin to die,Soundlessly my body lowers its epileptic game forward,In the vice of this prepared fear I go on fallingMonstrously slow .... I progress to an angle of forty-fivedegrees ....There I hang, an arabesque on the skyA horror against its virgin opalescence. . . .A door opens in the cliff and my friends appear ranged inline to view me,Silently, with premeditated surprise they speculate on mydoom,(Blood begins to flow into my head) They seem to be dissatisfied with my progress,Without more ado they return through the same door. . . .I draw in a tremendous breath . . . filled with bits of rockSuddenly I leap .... two yards to the opposite side ofthe chasm;Through the strange quality of the effort I am embedded inthe rock.With prayerful ease I extricate myself and become againAn armoured affair, upright and quiet and gothic in design,Stepping onward with extraordinary slowness,With admirable reserve, not a little frightened. II. REST The soft, pink, content. . .The degrees of dream. . .The basking elements are all here!For every atom of hate towards me there is one of love;I glide about among the sussurations of a windy symphonyBearing harmony as lightly as a cloud bears the damasks ofsunset.112 Rom incalculable heights my voice travels,Peacefully describing over magnanimous depthsThe incredibly simple harmony of everything;Diligently attuning itself to your waking ears.Come with your patronymic majesty into these reiterated rests.The basking elements are all here. III. The sibilant fate, dank locked and drunk,Depends to my streaming face new woes.It offers wretched and terrible osculations.My tears are not enough . . . not loud enoughTo drown in sound and flood these things, Phantasmal fears, phantasmal growths;The dregs of dismay were never deeper to be drunk;In purple ooze, I dabble my still white bodyWith purple spots of sin.Creeping, pale evil-eyed orchids,Gracefully bodied, slim and swaying, and cool. . .Creeping over the warm flesh. . .I entwine with you, I enwreathe you,Six times I lave myself with your occult dismay.Since I was a little boy your appeal was so,I have always bored and danced around youMuch as a moth to a flame . . . now I am aware,Now, I am fulgent with a new liking,With a great fresh sickness. . .This is a celebrated advent . . . why,The blankets of midnight need me for half an hour only;I am up to greet the sun, I touch the clouds,I tear up leaves of grass.My body is covered with sores that the sun easily burns,It enters the sores and boils their colourful putrefaction,Pink steam escapes from me into the blue of heaven.To be awakened thus early is said to be terrible.I certainly feel a little sad, do not laugh. . .Recollect . . . having discovered this entertaining truthI shall probably never slumber again.A few suggestions are never amiss in new games,See if you can, with closed eyes, rise and follow meWithout stumbling over the closing lid of this coffin. A NOTE ON JUAN GRIS AND CUBISM H. A. L. Drawing Juan Gris A Guitarist, a Big and Little Pierrot, a Nun and two Still-lifes:these are the latest drawings of Juan Gris: "one of the most orthodoxgrammarians of the cubist school." "Cubism is dead," says the care- less dilettante, more eager to hail new tendencies and bury the old thanto understand how the successive phases of painting are aligned, bycasual sequence, in a tradition whose beginning is unknown and whoseend cannot be imagined. Cubism is hardly dead. The Nun, withher veil falling in geometric lines; with her hands, her chain, her cross,her halo: all essential constituents of a pattern whose value dependsentirely on its plastic arrangement and not on any similitude of life orreality, owes as much to the researches of the cubists as does the ab- stract Still-life, in which unnamable two-dimensional shapes intersect.Both drawings are cubist fundamentally.It is true that Picasso, Braque, Gris and other former cubists areturning more and more to compositions of figures, and are paintingfewer of the abstractions which suggested the name of their movement.But this fact merely indicates that the experiments in pure form havereached a satisfactory conclusion. The artists have learned exactlywhat they can do with this medium from wThich all the supplementaryappeals have been subtracted, and therefore, as is proper for those whodeserve the name of artists, they are going on to something new, to theapplication of their acquired knowledge in more complicated fields.The evolution can be followed more easily in the work of JuanGris than with Picasso, for the latter, possessing a genius of phenomenalinventiveness, has swung from one mood to another with bewilderingrapidity. Gris, on the other hand, works with a single-minded intentionwhich resembles the progress of a scientist more nearly than that of thetraditional artist. His starting point is the relation of two or moreforms. Having discovered the arrangement which best satisfies theaesthetic problem, he goes on to incarnate the forms in line or paint,regardless of visual reality. Thus, when desirable, solids mutuallyinterpenetrate, colour is dissociated from its mass, and other libertiesare taken with reality as perceived by the optic nerve. This is of coursenothing new. Egyptians added the invisible eye to the profile; negroespierced the opacity of the stomach or distorted the shape of the breast;Mayas so conventionalized the images of their gods that on first glance they are not portraits at all. The distortions of cubists and otherpost-impressionistic painters must, however, be distinguished from theexaggerations of futurists and expressionists who, unlike the primitives,usually ignore visual reality for literary rather than plastic reasons.The consummation sought by Gris and other painters of the groupis an arrangement of form and colour, whether abstract or composedof clearly recognizable figures, which will possess an import specificallyplastic, owing nothing to the pleasure derived from recognition or senti- ment. Ihe emotion evoked is an intellectual emotion, relating moreclosely to the pleasure felt on first comprehending the Pythagoreansolution than to the gentler thrill of a landscape in late spring. Thisexplains the tendency to neglect the warm and romantic colours forthose dull greens and dirty browns with which the cubists are oftenreproached.Considering these facts it was surprising to find that Mr. Wright,in The Freeman, defined modern painting as a new art of colour whichmarked an absolute break with European tradition because, for thefirst time, form was made absolutely subordinate. He even states thatfor this reason modern paintings lose most of their value when repro- duced in half-tone. Since it is notorious that the work of severalcontemporary artists looks at least as well when reproduced, one isforced to wonder what modern paintings Mr. Wright has in mind.His aesthetic theory was effectively demolished soon afterwards in thesame periodical, but if there be any reader of The Freeman whoobtains his information solely from its pages, he will naturally believethat all modern art is buried in the same debris as the theories of Mr.Wright.The group of modern artists who live in Paris, and who by generalconsent are considered the pioneers of occidental pictorial art, are atleast as much concerned with the problem of arranging form signifi- cantly as were the masters of the early Renaissance, and perhaps theirchief difference with tradition is the economy with which they seekthe attainment of this end. The drawings of Gris, reproduced in thisnumber, are valuable not only for their beauty, but for the clear wayin which they illustrate the method and aims of the cubists. Drawing Juan Gris THE POET ASSASSINATED Guillaume Apollinaire (Translated by Matthew Josephson) IX PEDAGOGY The Dutchman, named Janssen, led Croniamantal to the region ofAix, where there was a house which the people of the neighborhoodcalled le Chateau. Le Chateau had nothing lordly about it other thanits name and was nothing but a vast domicile containing a dairy and astable.Mr. Janssen possessed a modest income and lived alone in thisdwelling which he had bought in order to live in solitude, a suddenlybroken off betrothal having rendered him rather hypochondriac. Hedevoted it now to the education of the son of Macaree and VierselinTigoboth: Croniamantal, inheritor of the old name of des Ygrees.The Dutchman, Janssen, had travelled much. He spoke all thelanguages of Europe, Arabian, and Turkish, not to mention Hebrewand other dead languages. His speech was as clear as his blue eyes.He soon made the friendship of several scholars of Aix whom he wouldvisit from time to time and he corresponded with many foreign scientists.When Croniamantal was six years of age, Mr. Janssen wouldoften take him to the country. Croniamantal came to love these lessonsalong the paths of wooded hills. Mr. Janssen would often stop andshow Croniamantal the birds hopping about or butterflies pursuing eachother and fluttering together among the wild rose-bushes. He wouldsay that love reigned over all of Nature. They would also go out onmoonlit nights and the master would explain to his student the hiddendestinies of the heavenly bodies, their regular course, and their effectsupon the life of man.Croniamantal never forgot how one moonlit night his master ledhim to a field at the edge of a forest; the grass bubbled with milkylight. Fireflies fluttered around them; their phosphorescent and jaggedlights gave the site a strange aspect. The master called the attentionof his disciple to the sweetness of this Mav night."Learn," he said, "learn to know all of Nature and to love her.Let her be your veritable nurse, whose salutary mammals are the moonand the hills." Croniamantal was thirteen years of age at this time and his mindwas quite ripe. He listened attentively to Mr. Janssen's words."I have always lived in her, but I must say, lived badly, for oneshould not live without human love as companion. Do not forget thatall is a sign of love in Nature. I, alas! am damned for not havingobserved this law whose demands nothing can withstand.""What," said Croniamantal, "you, my teacher, who know somany sciences did not recognize this law which every country loutand even the animals, the vegetables, and inert matter observe?""Happy child who at your age can put such questions!" said Mr.Janssen. "I have always known that law, from which no human beingshould rebel. But there are some luckless men destined never to knowthe joys of love. I have mortified my flesh and suffered severe punish- ment. I should like your life to be happy."Croniamantal's master made him devote most of his time to thesciences, keeping him au courant with all recent inventions. He alsoinstructed the boy in Latin and Greek. They often read the Ecloguesof Virgil or translated Theocritus in a clump of olive trees. Cronia- mantal had learned a very pure French, but his master taught him inLatin. He also taught him Italian, and at an early age Croniamantalreceived the poems of Petrarch, who became one of his favorite poets.M. Janssen also taught Croniamantal English, and made him familiarwith Shakespeare. Above all he gave the boy a taste for old Frenchauthors. Among the French poets he admired chiefly Villon, Ron- sard and his Pleiade, Racine and La Fontaine. He also made himread translations of Cervantes and of Goethe. On his advice, Cronia- mantal read the romances of chivalry which might have made part ofthe library of Don Quixote. They developed in Croniamantal aninvincible predilection for experiment and perilous love adventures; hedevoted hmself to fencing and to horseback riding; at the age of fifteenhe declared to anyone who came to visit them that he had decided tobecome a celebrated and peerless cavalier, and already he dreamedof a mistress.Croniamantal was, at this time, a handsome adolescent, thin andstraight. The girls at the village fetes, when he touched them lightly,would stifle little bursts of laughter and redden, lowering their eyesunder his regard. Habituated to poetic forms, his mind thought oflove as a conquest. Thoughts of Boccacio, his natural daring, hiseducation, everything disposed him to take the final step.One May day, he went out for a long ride. It was morning,everything was still fresh. The dew hung from the flowers of the hedges, and on either side of the road stretched the fields of olivetrees whose gray leaves trembled gently in the sea breeze and com- pared agreeably with the blue sky. He arrived at a place wherethe road was being mended. The road menders, handsome boys inbright colored caps, worked lazily, singing the while, and stoppingoccasionally to drink from their flasks. Croniamantal thought thatthese handsome fellows had sweethearts. It is thus that they call alover in that country. The boys say "my sweetheart," the girls, "mysweetheart," and in fact they are both sweet in that lovely country.Croniamantal's heart leaped and his whole being, exalted by the spring- time and the riding, cried for love.At a turn in the road, an apparition increased his pain. He arrivedclose to a little bridge thrown across a river which cut the road. Theplace was isolated, and across the hedges and the trunks of poplars, hesaw two beautiful girls bathing, quite naked. One was in the waterand held herself up by a branch. He admired her brown arms andabundant beauties, hardly concealed by the water. The other, standingon the bank, dried herself after her bath and exposed ravishing linesand graces which enflamed the heart of Croniamantal; he decided tojoin them and mingle in their pleasures. Unluckily, he perceived inthe branches of a neighboring tree two youths spying on this prey.Holding their breath and watching the least movements of the bathers,they did not see the equestrian, who, laughing uproariously, threw hishorse into a gallop and cried aloud as he crossed the little bridge.The sun had risen almost to its zenith and was now darting itsdreadful rays. An ardent thirst added itself to the amorous inquietudesof Croniamantal. The sight of a farm along the road brought himunspeakable joy. He arrived at a little orchard whose blossomingtrees made a lovely sight. It was a little wood, rose and white withthe cherry and peach blossoms. On the fence linen was drying andhe had the pleasure of seeing a charming peasant girl of about sixteen,at work washing clothes in a vat in the shadow of a fig-tree that hadjust begun to bloom. Not having noticed his arrival, she continuedto accomplish her domestic function which he found noble; for, hisimagination full of memories of antiquity, he compared her to Nausica.Descending from his horse he approached and contemplated the younggirl with ravishment. He looked at her back. Her folded up skirtdiscovered a well made leg in a very white stocking. Her body movedin a manner that was pleasantly excitating because of the efforts occa- sioned by the soaping. Her sleeves were rolled up and he observedher pretty brown plump arms, which enchanted him. I have always loved beautiful arms especially. There are peoplewho attach great importance to the perfection of the foot. I admitthat they touch me too, but the arm is to my mind that which shouldbe most perfect in woman. It is always in motion, one always has one'seye upon it. One might say that it is the veritable organ of the graces,and that by its deft movements, it is the veritable arm of Love, sincewhen curved, this delicate arm resembles a bow, and when extended,the arrow thereof.This was also Croniamantal's point of view. He was thinkingof this, when suddenly, his horse, who suddenly remembered that itwas the habitual hour for being fed began to whinny. At once theyoung girl turned and showed surprise at seeing a stranger regardingher from above the fence. She blushed and only seemed the morecharming. Her dusky skin attested to the Moorish blood that flowedin her veins. Croniamantal asked her for food and drink. Withmuch good grace this sweet girl did have him enter the house and servedhim a rude repast. some milk, eggs and black bread, his thirstand his hunger were soon sated. In the meantime, he questionedhis young hostess, in the hope of finding an opportunity for paying hergallant compliments. He learned that her name was Mariette, andthat her parents had gone to the neighboring town to sell vegetables;her brother was working on the road. This family lived happily onthe products of the orchard and the barnyard.At this moment, her parents, fine looking peasants, returned, andthere was Croniamantal already in love with Mariette, quite dis- appointed. He paid the mother for the meal, and went off, after havinggiven Mariette a long look which she did not return, but he had thesatisfaction of seeing her blush as she turned away.He mounted his horse and took the road to his house. Being forthe first time in his life, sad for love, he found extreme melancholy inthis same countryside which he had previously traversed. The sunhad dropped low over the horizon. The grey leaves of the olive treesseemed as sad as himself. The shadows stretched out like waves. Theriver where he had seen the bathers was abandoned. The lapping ofthe water became unbearable for him, like a mockery. He threw hishorse into a gallop. Then there was the dusk, lights appearing in thedistance. Then night came; he slowed up his horse and abandonedhimself to a disordered revery. The sloping road was bordered withcypresses, and it was thus, somnolent with the night and with love, thatCroniamantal pursued his melancholy way. His master soon noticed in the days that followed that he gave nomore attention to the studies to which he had been wont to applyhimself with such diligence. He divined that this disgust came of love.His respect was mingled with a little scorn because Mariette wasnothing but a simple peasant girl.The end of September had been reached, and one day Mr. Janssenled Croniamantal out under the laden olive trees in the orchard andcensured his disciple for his passion, the latter hearkening to his re- proaches with ruddy embarrassment. The first winds of autumn com- plained in the fields and Croniamantal, very sad and much ashamed,lost forever his desire to see again the pretty Mariette and kept nothingbut the memory of her.And so Croniamantal attained his majority.A disease of the heart which was discovered in him was cured bythe military authorities. Soon after, his guardian died suddenly, leav- ing him by will the little which he possessed. And after having soldthe house called le Chateau, Croniamantal went to Paris to give him- self freely to his taste for literature; he had been for some timepast composing poems secretly and accumulating them in an oldcigar-box. X POETRY In the early days of the year 1911, a young man who was verybadly dressed went running up the rue Houdon. His extremely mo- bile countenance seemed to be filled with joy and anxiety by turns.His eyes devoured all that they saw and when his eyelids snapped shutquickly like jaws, they gulped in the universe, which renewed itselfincessantly by the mere operation of him who ran. He imagined to thetiniest details the enormous worlds pastured in himself. The clamourand the thunder of Paris burst from afar and about the young man, whostopped, and panted like some criminal who has been too long pursuedand ready to surrender himself. This clamour, this noise indicatedclearly that his enemies were about to track him like a thief. His mouthand his gaze expressed the ruse he was employing, and walking slowlynow, he took refuge in his memory, and went forward, while all theforces of his destiny and of his consciousness retarded the time whenthe truth should appear of that which is, that which was, and of thatwhich is to be. The young man entered a one story house. On the open door wasa placard:Entrance to the StudiosHe followed a corridor where it was so dark and so cold that hehad the feeling of having died, and with all his will, clenching his fistsand gritting his teeth he began to take eternity to bits. Then suddenlyhe was conscious again of the motion of time whose seconds, hammeredby a clock, fell like pieces of broken glass, while life flowed in himagain with the renewed passage of time. But as he stopped to rap at adoor, his heart beat more strongly again, for fear of finding no one home.He rapped at the door and cried:"It is I, Croniamantal!"And behind the door the heavy steps of a man who seemed tired,or carried too weighty a burden, came slowly, and as the door openedthere took place in the sudden light the creation of two beings and theirinstant marriage.In the studio, which looked like a barn, an innumerable herd flowedin dispersion; they were the sleeping pictures, and the herdsman whotended them smiled at his friend. Upon a carpenter s table piles ofyellow books could be likened to mounds of butter. And pushingback the ill-joined door, the wind brought in unknown beings whocomplained with little cries in the name of all the sorrows. All thewolves of distress howled behind the door ready to devour the flock,the herdsman and his friend, in order to prepare in their place thefoundations for the NEW CITY. But in the studio there were joysof all colours. A great window opened the whole north side and nothingcould be seen but the whole blue sky, the song of a woman. Cronia- mantal took off his coat which fell to the floor like the corpse of adrowned man, and sitting on the divan he gazed for a long time at thenew canvas placed on the support. Dressed in a blue wrap, barefooted,the painter also regarded the picture in which two women rememberedthemselves in a glacial mist.The studio contained another fatal object, a large piece of brokenmirror hooked to the wall. It was a dead and soundless sea, standingon end, and at the bottom of which a false life animated what did notexist. Thus, confronting Art, there is the appearance of Art, againstwhich men are not sufficiently on their guard, and which pulls them toearth when Art has raised them to the heights. Croniamantal bent overin a sitting posture, leaned his fore-arms on his knees, and turned his eyes from the painting to an advertisement thrown on the floor on whichwas painted the following announcement:I AM AT THE BAR— The Bird of BeninHe read and re-read this sentence while the Bird of Benin con- templated his picture, approaching it and withdrawing from it, his headat all angles. Finally he turned towards Croniamantal and said,"I saw the woman for you last night.""Who is she?" asked Croniamantal."I do not know, I saw her but Ido not know her. She is a reallyyoung girl, as you like them. She has the sombre and child-like faceof those who are destined to cause suffering. And despite all the graceof her hands that straighten in order to repell, she lacks that nobilitywhich poets could not love because it would prevent their being mis- erable. I have seen the woman for you, I tell you. She is both beautyand ugliness; she is like everything that we love nowadays. And shemust have the taste of the laurel leaf."But Croniamantal, who was not listening to him, interrupted at thispoint to say:"Yesterday I wrote my last poem in regular verses:T e-rumT e-tum!and my last poem in irregular verses (take care that in the secondstanza the word wench is taken in its less reputable meaning) :PROSPECTUS FOR A NEW MEDICINEWhy did Hjalmar returnThe tankard of beaten silver lay void,The stars of the eveningBecame the stars of the morningReciprocallyThe sorceress of the forest of HruloePrepared her repastShe Tvas an eater of horse-fleshBut he was notMai Mai ramaho nia nia.Then the stars of the morningBecame again the stars of the eveningAnd reciprocally The}) cried—ln the name of MaroeWench of ArnamoerAnd of his favorite zoophytePrepare the drink of the gods—Certainly noble warriorMai Mai ramaho nia nia.She took the sunAnd plunged him into the seaAs housewivesDip a ham in the gravyBut alas! the salmons voraciousHave devoured the drowned sunAnd have made themselves wigsWith his beamsMai Mai ramaho nia nia.She took the moon and did her all with bandsAs they do with the illustrious deadAnd with little childrenAnd then in the light of the only starsThe eternal onesShe made concoction of sea-brineThe euphorbiaceans of Norwegian resinAnd the mucous of AlfesTo make a drink f°r the godsMai Mai ramaho nia nia."He died like the sunAnd the sorceress perched at the top of a fir pineHeard until eveningThe rumours of the great winds engulfed in the phialAnd the lying scaldas swear to thisMai Mai ramaho nia nia.Croniamantal was silent for an instant and then added:"I shall from now on write only poetry free from all restrictionseven that of language."Listen, old man! MAHEVIDANOMI RENANOCALIPNODITOCEXTARTINAP if v.s.A. Z.Telephone: 33-122 Pan:PanOeaoiiiioKTin•••••••••••11111111111Your last line, my poor Croniamantal," said the bird of Benin,"is a simple plagiarism from Fr.nc.s J.mm.s."That is not true," said Croniamantal. "But I shall compose nomore pure poetry. That is what I have come to, through your fault.I want to write plays."You had better go to see the young woman of whom Ispoke to you. She knows you and seems to be crazy about you.You will find her in the Meudon woods next Thursday at a place thatI shall designate. You will recognize her by the skipping rope that shewill hold in her hand. Her name is Tristouse Ballerinette."Very well," said Croniamantal, "I shall go to see Ballerinetteand shall sleep with her, but above all I want to go to the theatresto offer my play, Ieximal Jelimite, which I wrote in your studio lastyear while eating lemons."Do what you want, my friend," said the Bird of Benin, "but donot forget Tristouse Ballerinette, the woman of your future.""Well said," said Croniamantal. "But I want to roar to you oncemore the plot of Ieximal Jelimite. Listen:A man buys a newspaper on the seashore. From the garden ofa house at one side emerges a soldier whose hands are electric bulbs.A giant 10 feet tall descends from a tree. He shakes the newspapervendor, who is of plaster and who in falling breaks to bits. At thismoment a judge arrives. With strokes of a razor he kills everybody,while a leg which passes hopping crushes the judge with a kick in thenose, and sings a pretty little song.""How wonderful!" said the Bird of Benin. ''I shall paint thedecoration, you have promised me that.""That goes without saying," answered Croniamantal. Drawing Juan Gris SAMMY PLAYS THE PAWN Robert Alden Sanborn (Being three impressions of a child chess-player) I. The curtainrisesIn the Royal GorgeTables are set till midnightBut no bedFor a lost childWho aware of checksWanders among grim castlesPerpetuatedIn a Noah's ark.11. DramatispersonaWith the smile of a humming birddescribing the letter OOn a broken blackboardNapoleon on spindle shanksTurns Waterloo to AusterlitzCrying in treble"All right, shoot!"111. CurtainArmed with St. Martin's treeThe little pawn GargantuaLaughs down the castleAt the ford of Vede.A fterthought"You are late this morning, schoolmaster.And you have lost your note ?Hold out your hand." BOOK REVIEWS NOTATIONS ON THE CAPTAIN'S DOLL Jean Toomer The Captain's Doll, by D. H. Lawrence. New Yorfy. ThomasSeltzer. $2.00.The purpose of the three stones: The Captain's Doll, The Fox,and The Ladybird, grouped in this volume, is to convey a serioussense of the unusual. For this enterprise, Mr. D. H. Lawrence em- ploys the following equipment:(1 ) A narrative technic which makes use of symbols: a doll, afox, a ladybird, to gear and regulate the tales. Necessarily, the re- sults are rather slight and somewhat artificial, for such devices can benothing more than anemic substitutes for the natural depth and driveof generative ideas and essentialized design.In the first story, a portrait doll of Captain Hepburn, made by hismistress, is dangled about until it is finally forced to serve as startingpoint for the following observation:"And you can say what you like, but arty woman, today, no matterhow much she loves her man—she could start any minute and makea doll of him. And the doll would be her hero: and her hero wouldbe no more than her doll."Which is the climax of this episode. The fox is more effectively aninstrument of the second narrative. For the effect it has upon the girlEllen, and the compelling fascination which Henry Grenfel exercisesover her are similar and interchangeable. But the importance andfunction of the ladybird, aside from certain irrelevant comments madeconcerning it and the fact that it is a descendant of the Egyptianscarabeus, are questionable, trivial.(2) A descriptive faculty that tends to overshadow or ignore theessential progression of the characters. Excessive and repeated de- scription of a glacier, for example, all but obliterates the central figureswho technically should be working towards a rapid climax whileascending it. This over-description often comes in large undigestedchunks directly to the reader. Hence the characters are not servedby it. Rather, one feels that they exist for the purposes of the descrip- tion. This faculty is perhaps at its best when concerned with physicalattractiveness:"The women, old and young, paraded in the peasant-costume,in flowery cotton dresses with gaudy, expensive silk aprons:the men wore the Tyrolese costume, bare knees and little short jackets.And for the men the correct thing was to have the leathern hose andthe blue linen jacket as old as possible. If you had a hole in yourleathern seat, so much the better."(3) An ability to conceive, but not to inevitably unfold andrealize character. Doubtless the five or six major figures of this volumewere possessed with unusual qualities and important problems of devel- opment, as Mr. Lawrence saw them. And it must be granted that ascreations Captain Hepburn, Ellen March, Grenfel, and Psanek havea certain objective validity. The soft, amusing indifference and in- decision of the first, Ellen's rapid shifts from surface efficiency to deep,subconscious dreams and brooding, Grenfel's foxiness and determina- tion, Psanek's solitary hate and his intense sub-surface power—thesequalities exist in the pages of this book. But because Mr. Lawrencefails to finally grip and develop them, they tend to a static rather thanto a dynamic and cumulative reality. Hence one sees them; one doesnot always feel and know them to be there. And with his minorfigures Mr. Lawrence is even less successful. Why Hepburn's mis- tress, for example, should invariably be amazed at him, is anythingbut clear. To state that she is, by the repeated use of this convention:"in the midst of her indignant amazement" or "she turned on him withwide-open eyes of amazement" simply begs the labor of convincingcreation. And so, the relations between Hepburn and his lover ap- proach the absurd. In fact the element of absurdity is often so nearthe surface of these tales, that one with difficulty restrains the convic- tion that Mr. Lawrence is laughing all the while.(4) A prose style, not far removed from the accents and textureof conversation, most at ease in dialog, most competent in narrativepassages and in description. A stvle rarely or never luminous anddense, muscular and racy. Nor has it those finished periods thatdistinguish traditional English prose. Cliche, ineffective images andfigures of speech, however, generously stud it:"It was all like a mystery to her, as if one of the men from Marswere loving her;" "it was exactly like day in some other planet;" "hewas just committed to her, as he might have been committed to gaol, orcommitted to paradise;" "so he had seemed to her: like a mute Caesar.Like Germanicus;" "the strange look, like destiny, in his wide-open, almost staring eyes;" "she could feel the arrows of desire rankling;""but also, the queer figure that sat alone on the roof watching thestars! The wonderful red flower of the cactus;" "like a flown bird;"and you giving off beams of bright effulgence like a Gloria!" "it(the glacier) seemed to her like a grand beast;" "so, after a while ofthis valley of the shadow of death."And so on. Now one or two more acceptable images by wayof balance:"The sky from above was like a sharp wedge forcing its way intothe earth's cleavage, and that eternal ferocious water was like the steeledge of the wedge, the terrible tip biting into the rock's intensity;""she could faintly see the flesh through his beard, as water throughreeds." " 'Yes, Ido know what you are talking about. Yes, I do,'he persisted softly, as if he were producing his voice in her blood."(5) A solemnity of background and underlying temperament, anevidently earnest purpose that destroys the fun one might have fromthose incidents that are frankly absurd, or approach the absurd. Takethe passage where Hepburn is frightened at seeing himself in a still-lifepainting along with two sun-flowers in a glass and a poached egg ontoast. Quite amusing, really. But immediately following this we areassured that the Captain is not a person to be spoofed with, for"fatigued and furious he arrived in Salzburg, seeing no beauty inanything." And the whole thing is spoiled.This seriousness will not permit of the volume being taken as a bitof incidental writing. Unfortunately, on no other basis can one claimfor it a literary value. POETS OF THE CATACOMBS M. J. Black Armour, by Elinor Wylie. New York. George H. Dor anCompany. $1.75.Sea-Change, by Muna Lee. Next) York• The Macmillan Company.$1.50.The Hundred and One Harlequins, by Sacheverell Sitivell. NewYork. Boni and Liveright. $1.75.The large, imaginative, daring, formidable people in America aremostly to be found on the vaudeville stage, in the movies, the adver- tising business, prize-fighting, railroads, Wall Street. One is led tothis conclusion by observing to what an alarming extent those whoproduce poetry lack such virtues. Art is purveyed for small persecuted colonies, dispersed throughout this continent, and hidden away amongits stone walls and steel foundations. They simply do not join in thegreat funny time that is being had by all—I mean, the Zeitgeist spoutsand blows great storms against which they are thoroughly cellared.1 hus, while the age itself is given to upheaval, our poets, insensiblyenough, strike perfectly traditional poses and have nothing to say whichwould place them in this time rather than in Heine's or Landor's time.Miss Wylie, for instance, is still "the inscrutable woman:""But none has merited my fear,And none has quite escaped my smile."For our feminine lyricists, it is still fashionable to be wistfully ironical,to hope tenderly but to know that all will go badly after all, to idealizelove with knights and kings, to fling a rose wash over love. But it isall very astonishing in this time, which demands hardier poets,such as can straddle the language of our people, or know the geniusof this people as well as a vaudeville comedian or an advertising copy- writer, positive, voluble, sententious, and yet by their form and attitudedefining the very nature of their age. Unfortunately, neither ElinorWylie nor Muna Lee are of this mould. Miss Wylie, who has beensomewhat indiscriminately complimented for her virtuosity, is generallymore dexterous than most of her lyrical colleagues in her use of theolder verse forms; nevertheless she is precipitated by these very formsinto familiar subterfuges which arouse impatience and resentment, viz.:"delicate and slim," (Hamlet!) "exquisite and thin," "ingenuousshepherd boy," "Passion in the night," "could not pity nor forget,""submit my spirit to the storm." At her best, she is quainter and morecharming than the others, as witness "Lilliputian," but the conventionallyric is by now a single fine violin note of pathos which has becomenearly insufferable.Miss Lee's register is plainly that of Sara Teasdale, Grace Conk- ling, Wytter Bynner, and a vast chorus of soprano singers. Hertheme in "Sea-Change" is Love—the love of popular magazines: alove that desires all of the beloved, that "gives but does not give all,"that sings when "the dawn grows red," that wanes upon a large hill atsunset. In short Miss Lee does not express in her love songs an unfor- gettable personal equation as did Sir Philip Sidney, or D. G. Rossetti,whose opinions are invaluable documents for any history of the repro- ductive instinct in mankind. Her verses are facile; at their best theyare modelled after Blake's irregular metrics:The East unrolled a sheet of gold,Gold for river and flower and limb; but her images do not have the same air of being accurate statements.Nor is she as frequently happy in playing with her iambs, as witness:The blackbirds fly before the cold,The painted grosbeaks go;Not any tanager is so boldAs to brave the snow.The last line scans very badly. By the functioning of the precedingthree, one is led to beat a solid accent in the wrong place: "As TObrave the snow." Judged by her own intentions, Miss Lee has notmastered the trade secrets of her medium. The American warblersare a little less painstaking than the English Georgians. A sequenceof sonnets concludes Miss Lee's book, but they can scarcely be con- sidered an advance upon the Masefield sonnet: her versification isextremely uneven in a form where departure from orthodox rhythmsmust be brilliantly executed if at all.Sacheverell Sitwell, (the youngest of the three Sitwells) has muchreal wit and virtuosity. A prolific and gifted youth, cynical beyondhis years, he has adopted the manner of the Seventeenth-Century andMetaphysical poets to lampoon us with. The "manner" comprisesfantasy, explosive rhymes, elaborate and unruly metaphors, and apersistently extravagant vocabulary. At his own game, Mr. Sitwellcan be most entertaining—always for the particular colony in thecatacombs whom this pose pleases best. (For a time, after the arrivalof Mr. Eliot, we all thought that we had better rush off and read ourDonne, Chapman, Vaughan, Marvell and steal their fantasy and witas the best retort to the pressure of modern conditions.) And so, Mr.Sitwell can be pert and buffoonish with the language:Who taught the centaur first to drinkLadling his huge hands from the brink—When other monsters lie and lapThe waters like a fruitful pap.In the "Hochzeit of Hercules" he is purely the satirist; the fun con- sists of mixing modern figures with ancient ones: Hercules "has takenfrom fat kings, their motorcars and diamond rings." It is all franklydisappointing. Satire produces essentially negative qualities: a com- promised withdrawal from this übiquitous and consternating existence. The Orissers, bp L. H. Meyers. Charles Scribner's Sons. $2.00.The 553 pages of this work are an easy evidence of a quantitativeenergy seeking expression in the novel form. Upon a plot of intrigue and domestic complications it erects a structure that is intended tomeasure the psychological processes and the cultural-social tendencyof people fashioned by modern industrial civilization. Which is tosay: it attempts the larger possibilities of the novel.As background, The Orissers gives an industrial city and anadjacent country home. Springing from these, the characters, suffi- ciently concrete and personalized, are nevertheless frankly broadenedand interpreted as types. John Mayne and Walter Standish, finan- ciers, fit with an unusual efficiency into the dominant accepted order,while Lilian and Nicholas Orisser find the ease and solitude theirsensitized, inbred natures need, at Eamor. Maladjustment and frictioncomes when one life tries to penetrate the domain of the other. Thespiritual obtuseness of Mayne is pricked by his love for, and marriageto Lilian. Distemper and disease set in, and he finally dies at thehome of the Orissers. Standish, forced to endure this place becauseof the sickness of his friend, escapes to his own sphere immediatelyafter the death of this latter. Lilian's spiritual decay is hastened bythe invasion. And Nicholas salvages nothing but bitterness from hiscontact with the material world. Two other major characters figurein this work: Cosmo Orisser and Allen. Cosmo, in addition to thespiritual values of the Orissers, is possessed by a vehement temperamentthat drives him into experience. Lacking direction, his fervor for amore perfect world degenerates to a hate that includes the place thatcradled him and the social form that could find no function for hisvision. His end is in near-insanity and complete frustration. Allen,by virtue of an interest in archeology and a less rigid and passionatenature, manages to straddle the two mutually exclusive worlds.The analysis is thorough and convincing, though it is not complete.Summarized, it might be stated thus: since power resides withthe complacent, conformist materialists, those who possess dissentingspiritual values will abort (suffering in proporton to the passion withwhich they press their convictions) or be snowed under. And sincean acceptable mixture is impossible, the commercial-financial class willover-ride and supplant the old landowners. As a limited cross-sectionof western experience—that is, in this novel, one accepts these conclu- sions. Here, surely, whatever the content of the coming years, it isnot for Lilian or Nicholas; it is for Walter Standish. But as ageneral concept and interpretation, this view likewise is not complete.For it ignores the possible proletarian influence upon both of theseclasses. And it excludes the fact and force of creative values coupledwith direction. It excludes the creator, strong enough to accept ratherthan reject. Here in America at least, it is still to be demonstrated that the artist is unequal to the task of transforming the crude energyof his material world. But perhaps after all one should not look fortoo inclusive a vision in this work. Perhaps it should be acceptedsimply as a novel of more than usual scope.The Orissers is not a great novel, in the sense that the lesser novelsof Dostoyevski are great. But within the limits of its psychologicaltype content and design it is a volume to be welcomed as a neededdeparture from provincial episodes and narratives of sex.Castle Conquer, by Padraic Colum. New York• The MacmillanCompany. $2.00.The material is rich and interesting: a feudal Ireland for a back- ground; a plot of political conspiracy and peasant revolt; a love tale;Irish tenant farmers, peddlers, soldiers, landowners; Irish songs, frolics,dancing, fairs. The prose is fresh and easy-flowing. And a musiccomes into it by way of lovely Irish names and the peculiar Irish-English dialog. Nor, given the peasant rhythm, can one seriouslyobject to the book's slow movement, or to the somewhat episodic wayin which it unfolds. What, then, is wrong? This: for some reason,perhaps because Mr. Colum has placed too much reliance upon hiscontent, upon its inherent soil-ness and lyricism, upon the generalinterest in Ireland's struggle for political autonomy, because he hasgiven himself too sparingly unto his work, the poetry of the materialand the poetry of the prose fail to achieve a mutually transformingcontact. There is no sustained interchange between them. There isno complete intersaturation. (One's standards tend to be exacting ofthe literature that produced John M. Synge.) Hence Castle Conquer,for all its fresh loveliness and health, misses that living beauty whichone somehow expects from it.A History of Art (Volume /), by H. B. Cotterill. New Yor}p.Stokes Company. $10.Mr. Cotterill's pretentious and beautifully illustrated History pur- ports to be a "popular" and readable Outline of Art, after the modernfashion of purveying a vast subject in condensed form. It would havebeen far more interesting if Mr. Cotterill had brought to his subjectthe point of view of modern artists, as Mr. Wells did that of modernhistorians and scientists.On the contrary, Mr. Cotterill is consistently academic, breathingthe nineteenth-century scholar's rapture for Hellenic and Renaissanceart. From the angle of today, a treatment of Egyptian, Assyrian andArchaic sculpture offers an enviable scope. The distortion, the form- alism, the absence of perspective in Assyrian and Egyptian reliefs andstatues suggest new principles which are being brilliantly applied incontemporary painting. Discussing Egyptian sculpture of the Newor Second Empire, Mr. Cotterill: "... a freer style is observable,but the old frontal profile distortion is often found, and there is noattempt at perspective."Further, he protests against the "materiality" of Egyptian archi- tecture and sculpture, in a land of "those monstrous temples and pyra- mids and colossi," "of desperate craving for an eternity of materialexistence, against which even the "politically and religiously half- awakened Hebrew" revolted. Is it not rather true that this madabsorption in the material led to the Egyptian's extraordinary under- standing of the laws of an art, based on the use of such material. Intheir sculpture in stone or wood, the Egyptians displayed a genius forpure plastic composition which we are struggling to perfect today, andin their "monstrous" architecture a faculty for adjusting harmoniouslyhuge blocks of stone, which is the basis for the new architecture ofAmerica.There is the same lack of sympathy for archaic Greek and primi- tive Italian art, as against the "Idealism" of Fourth Century Greek.As a compendium, however—and this is an age of compendiums—this two-volume History with its hundreds of excellent reproductionspromises to be extremely useful. NEW BOOKS RECEIVED Men Like Gods, by H. G. Wells. New York. The MacmillanCompany. $2.00.Teodoro the Sage, by Luigi Lucatelli. New York. Boni andLiveright. $2.00.Through the Wheat, by Thomas Boyd. New York. CharlesScribner's Sons. $ 1.75.The Craftsmanship of the One-Act Play, by Percival Wilde.Boston. Little Brown and Company. $3.00.Stories, Dreams and Allegories, by Olive Schreiner. NewYork. Frederick Stokes Company. $1.75.Fiery Particles, by C. E. Montague. New York. Doubleday,Page and Company. $1.75.Man's Prehistoric Past, by H. H. Wilder. New York. TheMacmillan Company. $5.00. COMMENT BROOM: 1921—1923 Harold A. Loeb In October 1921, from the charming converted villa of its Romanprinter just outside the Porto del Popolo, the first number of Broomissued forth. In October 1922 the eleventh issue set off on its voyagefrom Berlin. Now a new series, beginning with the seventeenth num- ber, picks up the thread of continuity in a third great city, the city ofits birth. The chronicle of Broom's vicissitudes among the nationswould be of interest, but it is not so important as an account of theinternal evolution of its editorial policy.Whenever a producer in America is censured for the cheapness,triviality or vulgarity of the creation he sponsors, he shrugs the respon- sibility from his shoulders with the platitude, "It is what the publicwants." Such an abstraction as "the public" is of course fallacious,there being many publics and more potential ones. The inception ofBROOM was based on the faith that there is a public which wants toread sincere contemporary work, regardless of whether or not it hasbeen prepared by advance publicity, regardless of the difficulty inunderstanding writing which follows experimental and novel modes.The first problem of BROOM was to find this public. Since it lackedthe means to attempt the usual publicity, it had to invent other methods.Printing in Europe was the first stratagem. Owing to valuta, it waspossible to provide an exotic luxury in make-up, which attracted manyreaders who otherwise would have failed to single it out from the scoresof literary periodicals that spring up and pass away with the seasons.Also, the unusualness of an American magazine which proclaimed theEternal City as its home aroused a curiosity among readers which wasincreased by the nature of the material it published. A small andreliable public was soon accumulated.The second problem of Broom proved more difficult of solution.To find little-known writers worth printing and unrecognized artistsworth reproducing has taken many months of hard work. The siftingof material in foreign languages has rivalled in difficulty the cajolingof Americans to risk their manuscripts on a journey which at bestwould last two months. But as the issues succeeded each other and Broom began to be known from Japan to Russia, a rough groupingtook shape, and by now a definite number of individuals, widelyscattered territorially, are bound together by a thread of common aimsexpressed in Broom.Their centre is a nucleus of American writers of the youngestgeneration. To define their common properties is not easy, for it is asign of health that as yet their opinions and methods are not cast indefinite moulds. One trait is so obvious that it has often been over- emphasized: a whole-hearted disapproval of the generation that pre- ceded them.From the days of Irving and Prescott till the early years of thetwentieth century, our literature believed, like our chambers of com- merce, that Anglo-American civilization was the highest form of cultureattained by mankind. Our writers gloried in the virtues of Americaand expounded its distinctive qualities. Even such individualists asWhitman were proud to be American. The iconoclasts were the excep- tion, and usually objected to certain specific maladjustments.Then came the muck-rakers.The general disillusionment of which they were the expression soonmade itself felt among artists. Certain novelists became prominentwhose chief tenet was the evil underlying the showy phenomena of ourlife. It is not necessary to follow the trend from Upton Sinclair andDreiser to Anderson and Lewis; their point of attack shifts but theessence of their work is similar. With vision fixed on some Utopia theyassail with all their force things as they are, at times supplying a goodstory or interesting documentation as well. The poetry revival firstattracted public attention with the vitriolic denunciations of Masters, butbroadened as it developed, and includes among its representativesseveral writers, such as Marianne Moore, Williams, Stevens andKreymborg, who, by their concentration on aesthetics, may be con- sidered precursors of the latest movement. However, the majority ofpoets, even though they veil their bias by a screen of objectivity, sharethe prevailing disillusion, and four of the more influential have puttheir belief into practice by exiling themselves voluntarily. The endof this phase is not yet in sight, and a considerable audience has be- come accustomed to weighing the merits of a work according to thevigour with which it assails their favorite antipathies.BROOM had not gone very far before it discovered that a newgeneration was pushing upwards, distinct in more than years from thepreceding.The men of this group are not shocked by the disclosure that stock- yards are congenial hang-outs for neither man nor beast. They can- not confess even to surprise when told that newspapers occasionallymisrepresent the facts. Although interested in the social customs ofMain Street, they are dubious whether a reformed Main Street, with aLittle Theatre, Community Pageants, Modern Book Shop and BirthControl Club would be more attractive and happier. In fact they evenquestion the "open door" woman, having known several in Green- wich Village who lost their virginity concomitantly with their firstchange of diet, and find little to choose between them and the SaturdayEvening Post maiden lady, who was kissed for the first time by aSpanish gallant at the age of 43. They may like bill posters no morethan does Van Wyck Brooks, but they do not contend that such thingsare done better in Europe. Rather they hold that there is a great dealto be said for the American system of going the limit if you are going togo it at all. They keep an open mind toward the phenomena of contem- porary industrialism, and devote themselves to the more immediatetask of men of letters: writing well.I do not mean that they are unmoved by the problems of the day,or unconscious of the gross stupidities that falsify social, national andpersonal relations, but merely that they distrust "current panaceas"and find a little ridiculous the doctrines of poets on economics and ofnovelists on psychoanalysis. Knowledge has become so specializedthat it is impossible to rival Jeremiah or even Jean-Jacques Rousseau.On the other hand these writers have realized that the literary ambitionof evoking those aesthetic emotions they desire, by means of controllingtheir medium, is attainable, and this results in their unusual concentra- tion on problems of form and style.For example Kenneth Burke, perhaps stimulated by research inplastic mediums for what Clive Bell calls "significant form," has beenstudying its elusive equivalent in writing. His stories, which discardthe old binding of plot or narrative, obtain unity by what he calls asuper-plot: "the structural framework which appeals to us over andabove the message of the line," or paragraph.The experiments of Malcolm Cowley are even more diversified.He believes that every literary conception has an ideal form. In thesearch for it he has evolved nearly as many forms as he has writtenpoems. He is not afraid to write about contemporary phenomena, anddoes not share the fashionable gesture of horror toward them. MatthewJosephson is another who is able to discover food for poetry in the"crackle of typewriters, comptographs, dictaphones and phonographs"or "dropping dishes in the effervescent crater" of that part of the restaurant one doesn't think about. His talent is not quite so intellec- tualized as Burke's or Cowley's, not so dependent on theories based onreason, but more instinctive, drawing directly on the subconscious.Thus, his critical writing does not illuminate by studied analysis andsynthesis so much as by the unexpected phrase or word that opensvistas of indefinite extension. Like his poetry, his prose is more sug- gestive and less conclusive.All of these have a love of rhetoric, of mouth-filling explosivephrases, unlike the emotional breast-juggling of recent years and moreakin to the eloquence of the Elizabethans. Hart Crane must also bementioned in this connection. E. E. Cummings, the most inventive ofall these experimenters, is somewhat older and already well known.The list can be continued farther. Slater Brown, Robert Coates, JohnCrawford, Charles Galwey, Jean Toomer, Glenway Wescott, YvorWinters and several others are working along lines of equal interest,but it is premature to appraise or even define them, since the onlyquality they unquestionably share is that their best work is still to bedone. Their history is the history of the future.Most magazines are filled with the more or less diluted repetitionsof authors whose positions are established and whose writing impetushas become tired. Such work is seldom the best work, although it hasgreater commercial value. Material of this kind seldom finds its wayinto BROOM, which rather errs in the other direction, and is more aptto accept work not quite mature. Thus the readers of Broom are in asense gamblers, like prospectors for oil. The reward is of a differentkind, but so is the cost.BROOM is able at last to give up its vagabond career and to settlein the country to which it belongs. Its collaborators have slowly drawntogether into an effective and unified working force. It has connectionsand friends in such distant places as Moscow and Prague. Broomlooks to the future in the expectation of exceeding all that has alreadybeen accomplished, and of progressing even faster than the writerswhose words form designs on its pages. TOWARD A PROFESSIONAL PROSE Matthew Josephson American literature within recent years has been sufficiently experi- mental and enterprising to justify terming the present period one oftransition toward resolved forms. Poetry, especially, has been profit- ably exploited; an astonishing variety of genres has been essayed andthe medium has been enriched. And, notably enough, spirited con- troversies have been maintained over questions which the new writingsposed. The atmosphere of controversy and doubt with regard toknown methods of working must have done much to stimulate writersas unlike as Carl Sandburg or T. S. Eliot. It is essential to maintaininterest at a high temperature in such problems, since it is still an openquestion whether great artists arouse discussion or are roused by it.Undoubtedly the alertness of the better part of their audience, theother writers, causes them to work under higher pressure.In prose, American writers have shown less impulse to explore andplunder. Contemporary prose causes speculation largely by virtue ofthe uncertainty with which it faces its audience. At any rate, a certaininterest in the mechanics of prose is beginning to be manifested, muchlike that in poetry a decade ago.The problem of immediate expression has absorbed the attentionof most of the venturesome writers since James Joyce's Ulysses and Dor- othy Richardson's epics appeared. In a measure, writers such as thesehave been instrumental in making the modern language more fluid; butthe temper of the age, which is one of prodigious social transformation,must be contributing far more in the way of new names, technical andcolloquial, new compounds, neologisms, word-structures. Anotherperiod of language expansion, such as occurred in the sixteenth cen- tury, has set in.(The reader is here referred to H. L. Mencken'sThe American Language.)Revolt against traditional style takes many shapes; onewriter employs violent thought-dissociations; another ripe colloquial- isms, and the terminology of our popular magazines, newspapers, ad- vertisements; others, again, employ the most shocking opposition inword-relationships, distort syntax, and punctuation and typography.Even at this, modern writers of English scarcely exceed the violentfigures of speech and the vigorous profanity which were seemly to thecourtliest ears of earlier centuries. Granted, a more muscular speech, we still face the problem ofform. Consider "form" in prose literature as disposition of subject- matter in a progression of some kind which is aesthetically satisfying.The more aggressive expression of today will scarcely alter this broadand quite traditional definition of "form," but it will oppose the com- promises which prose fiction has made in the past.A conventional chain of narrative, corresponding to the pictorialelement in the plastic arts or in music has always comprised the homelymachinery of nineteenth century prose. The inclusion of social orpolitical propaganda has also hastened the adulteration of prose fiction.No objection is made here to utilizing the English language for businesscorrespondence or publicity or useful journalism. It is simply patentthat in approaching the common medium of prose as an artist, thenew writer must be guided by something equivalent to plastic laws,rather than popular prejudices. Necessarily, his adventuring withexpression will lead him to cast about boldly for subject-matter whichleaves his manner of working unrestricted. Certainly, he will becomemore despotic with relation to subject, both in his selection and hiscontrol thereof. The parallel with modern painting is very helpfulhere. Instead of attempting to paint flesh so "real" that one is proneto step forward and squeeze the figure in the canvas (an obsessionwith older schools of painters) the modern painter disposes his subjectwith the most heedless cruelty: the form of the domestic object istreated in accordance with a relentless intellectual design; the tint of theflesh, or whatever texture is used, he decides with the view of support- ing his design. These analagous tendencies are not accidental; art isbecoming, at once, more specialized and more primitive. That is tosay, the building of a satisfying skyscraper may be a highly complicatedfeat of engineering, but its architecture may involve only a certainsensitiveness for the proper arrangement of simple masses. The Afri- can native with his playing-building-carving instinct, we have discov- ered, produces a sculpture whose form obeys the inherent plastic lawsof that medium. Form may remain as perfectly simple in our hands,despite the extreme complexity of our instruments, whether in buildinga tower or a novel.Guillaume Apollinaire, whose "Poet Assassinated" continues inthis number of Broom, summarizes for us the specialized interest inexpression. Speech, or better, the Word, has been given toman todo with as he wills. Apollinaire's picaresque narrative is eternallythe pursuit of the Word. One episode may succeed another withoutreason or sequence, in utter contradiction; there is always the play of . Word. (There is unquestionably a religious element in modernwriting: "The Word has been given. . . . ," etc.) Or that MalcolmCowley should use the detective story as a medium is another instanceof the bold casting about for subject-matter. The distinction betweenromanticism and naturalism disappears—both tendencies, per se, wereconcomitants of social upheaval at the opening and close of the pastcentury. E. E. Cummings, in The Enormous Room, wrote down themost sordid experiences with the utmost fantasy: a few rather common- place adventures induce extraordinary ones in prose rhythm. InFrance, Pierre MacOrlan writes romances; but his sophisticated andarbitrary diction contrives an air of supreme unreality. A novel recentlypublished in Paris, Sur le Fleuve Amour, by Joseph Delteil, goesperhaps farther than any of the others in the quest of an organic prose.A perfectly incredible plot develops briskly amid the rather gorgeousrhythms of a style that outdoes the sententious grandeur of a Barres.It is really the arc of sentences, building up into a greater solar systemof arcs that composes Delteil's "form."Once in such hands, prose is on the way to becoming as organicallyan art as sculpture or music. The tendency, here, on the part ofwriters like Sherwood Anderson or D. H. Lawrence, to proceed froma closer and closer scrutiny of human nature to the creation of prosefiction, may prevail for some time. But others are beginning to workfrom the opposite end, i.e., a profound scrutiny of the artist's own will. It is with deep regret that we announce the resignation of MissLola Ridge. Much of the progress which Broom has made towardestablishing itself in America can be ascribed to Miss Ridge's whole- hearted and unselfish labors.—The Editors. THE CLASSICS OFTODAY AND TOMORROWAnatole France—and James JoyceGeorge Moore—and D. H. LawrenceWilliam B. Yeats—and T. S. EliotArthur Schnitzler—and Paul MorandJoHAN BojER — and SHERWOOD ANDERSONBertrand Russell—and Van Wyck BrooksThomas Hardy—and William Carlos WilliamsEdwin Arlington Robinson—and E. E. CummingsThese distinguished names from the list of Dial contributors are only a handful ofthose whose works, classics already recognized or in the making, share in theachievement of each significant and eventful issue of The Dial.They include all the forms, traditional or in the new manner, in which the classicsof today and tomorrow are being cast. No outstanding achievement in the famil-iar forms, nor bold and important experiment by the younger men, has ever failedof access to The Dial's enthusiastic and growing audience.The Dial has closed its doors to none except the trivial, the volubly inarticulate,the tour de force, the passably good, and the inane.SPECIAL OFFERThe Dial for one year and one of the fol-lowing notable books—$5.00.(Annual subscription rate—$5.00)A SURVEY, by Max BeerbohmThe Judge, by Rebecca WestThe Waste Land, fcp T. S. EliotPHANTOM, by Gerhardt HauptmannMANY Marriages, by Sherwood AndersonTHE DIAL152 West 13th Street New York CityGentlemen: You may enter my name for a year'ssubscription to The Dial beginning with the issue. In addition, you will send me a copy of thebook mentioned below.Name Address □ I enclose $5.00 □ I will remit $5.00on receipt of your bill. IN the paper which began to poke funat the mummery of Ku Klux abouta year before the daily press took upthe subject, the paper which prophesiedfour years ago certain results of thetreaty of Versailles that are now beingfurther confirmed every day, the paperwhich a great metropolitan editor de-clares "prints a great deal of news in-evitably overlooked by daily papers"—in such a journal, if anywhere, you willfind a modern view of current affairscorresponding to the spirit you seek inmodern literature.M//V6/rs A 7€/V/TSNV*J*7e*Pii*v*V1ei-N6SVEPRiHcSThe NationAssociate EditorsLEWIS S. GANNETTARTHUR WARNERERNEST H. GRUENINGLUDWIG LEWISOHNFREDA KIRCHWEY, Managing EditorJOHN MACY, Literary EditorOSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, EditorIn addition to its regular fea-tures The Nation is publishingthrough the summer a series ofshort stories and sketches bySholom Asch, Zona Gale, Elisa-beth Sanxay Holding, SinclairLewis, Haniel Long, and CarlSandburg.Contributing EditorsJOHN A. HOBSONFRIEDRICH WILHELM FOERSTERCARL VAN DORENANATOLE FRANCEH. L. MENCKENROBERT HERRICKNORMAN THOMASIn acknowledgment of new subscriptions The Nation is glad to offer achoice from the following titles, and others to be had on application:Free with The Nation for a YearThe Goose-Step, by Upton Sinclair*The Economic Basis of Politics, by Charles A. Beard*Triumphant Plutocracy, by Ex-Senator R. F. Petti-grewLord Jim, by Joseph ConradFor $5.25 with The Nation for a YearThe Decay of Capitalist Civilization, by Sidney andBeatrice WebbThe Boy Grew Older, by Heywood BrounHomely Lilla, by Robert Herrick*For $5.50 with The Nation for a YearThe Bloom of Life, by Anatole France^The Roving Critic, by Carl Van Doren'Faint Perfume, by Zona Gale*Henry Ford, by Samuel S. MarquisThe Captain's Doll, by D. H. LawrenceFor $5.75 with The Nation for a YearThe Goose Man, by Jacob WassermanThe Critical Game, by John Macy*Reminiscences of Anatole France, by Paul Gsell'Shall It Be Again? by John Kenneth Turner*,*i*For $6.00 with The Nation for a YearUp Stream, by Ludwig Lewisohn*Against the Grain, by J. K. HuysmansThese United States, reprinted from The NationFor $8.00 with The Nation for a YearThe American Language, by H. L. Mencken-,** Material by the same author has appeared in TheNation.rTHE NATION20 Vesey StreetNew YorkFor the enclosed please send The Nation for a year andName ..Address15 cents a copyAnnual subscription $5.00Broom—August, 1928. ModernLimitedEditionsTHE Ilex Bookshop announcesthe publication in a uniform bind-ing of a series of several rather re-markable Books, the first of which, ina de luxe signed edition of 975 copies,will soon be ready for subscribers.In virility of phrase and incident, theBooks of this forthcoming series arereminiscent of such older writers asDaudet, Huysmans, Wilde, Sterne,Gautier, etc.; but in their mood andtreatment the picturesqueness of modernromantic-realism has not been ignored.Readers and collectors who are initiatesin privately-printed desiderata shouldaddress us to receive regularly our at-tractive announcements of these andother fine Books.THE ILEX BOOKSHOP39-86 S. Saint Andrew'sLos Angeles The Ilex Bookshop,39-86 S. Saint Andrew'sLos Angeles.Gentlemen:Please put my name on your mailing list. The following is one of manyletters responding to our an-nouncement of the resumptionof BROOM in A merica: June 22, 1923.Dear "Broom:"Record my personal opinion that Broom isthe most remarkable journal of today—and thatnothing can substitute for it, so peculiar is itsfunction. I don't intend to lose sight of it solong as it is as alive as it has been during thefirst year of its existence. Hence, I'm doublysorry that I can't see my way (financially) tore-subscribe at present and must rely on thefew newsstands in the city to keep my files ofit complete. Should you care to send it to me,remittance to be paid as soon as I procure work,you may do so. But whether or not you do so,be assured of my support and propaganda amongfriends for your welfare.Sincerely,(Signed) L. LIBERTHSON1893 Southern Boulevard,New York City. Nothing has encouraged us more than theassurance from many unexpected sources thatthere is a public for BROOM in America.There must be hundreds and hundreds ofpeople who buy Broom when they happento find it on newsstands. We should like tolink this public together. For this purpose aspecial offer is made, of a six-months' sub-scription to BROOM (including August,1923) for $2.00. BROOM47 W. 34th St., N. Y.For the enclosed $2.00 please send Broom (beginningwith August, 1923) for six months.Name Address The Ageof the MachineTHE Age of the Machine in America is an age ofspiritual change and growth as well as one of eco-nomic ascendancy.A new art and new literature spring sturdily from themachine civilization.What will be their means and directions?Broom, now published in America, will be an aggressiveleader for the Art of today. A fearless and non-com-mercial review presenting with authority the work of sig-nificant moderns (not a disordered collection of all namesand all schools). Always in intimate touch with Europe,it will bring the unknown plays of her Pirandellos, andthe buried manuscripts of her Dostoyevskis to America.Also, one of the most beautiful magazines, with two-colorcovers by noted painters, numerous reproductions, andlarge, handsome format.As an inducement to new subscribers the Publishers of Broom offer one of thefollowing with one year's subscription at $5.00:Jacob's Room, by Virginia WoolfBabbitt, by Sinclair LewisThe Hairy Ape, by Eugene O'NeillThe Enormous Room, by E. E. Cum-mingsorInstigations, by Ezra Pound; withBroom, for $6.00Continental Stagecraft, by Ken-neth McGowan and Robert EdmundJones; with Broom for $6.75The Life of Barnum, by M. R.Werner; with Broom for $6.25| BROOM -47 W. 34th St., N. Y.For the enclosed $ pleasesend Broom for one year and the fol-lowing boofy:Name .Address$5.00 Annual Subscription.50 Cents the Copy.