The mask 8 1 1918-03 naau_1918-03_01 The mask 8 1 MOTTO 1 TO ALL OUR OLD FRIENDS. 1 PREFATORY NOTE. 1 WHAT WE HAVE TO SAY AND WHAT MUST BE DONE. 1-2 Untitled Image Illustration 2 THE MANAGER AND THE MUSE 2 THE ETERNAL PROPOSITION. B. C. 4191. TO A. D. 1914. HOW ABOUT A NEW ONE? by Carlo Lacchio. Illustration 2 OUR CONTEMPORARY 2-3 BOOK REVIEWS 3-4 A PA IR 3 THE ART THEATRE by Sheldon 3-4 ANOTHER BOOK ABOUT THE 4 WALT WHITMAN. 4 IN SEARCH OF TALENT , 4 THE MASK A MONTHLY LEAFLET OFTHE ART OF THE THEATREVOLUME EIGHT: NUMBER ONEADDRESS: BOX 444. FLORENCE All rights reserved. Gerente responsabile : Giulio Vanzi.Tipografia Giuntina, diretta da L. Franceschini - Firenze, Via del Sole, 4. MOTTO GOD GRANT THATWE MAY BE RIGHTFOR THOU DOSTKNOW WE AREDETERMINEDNOT TO GIVE INAn old Scotsmans* prayer. TO ALL OUR OLD FRIENDS. "THE MASK " IS REDUCED IN SIZE,...FOR WHAT &amp; FOR WHY?...1. Paper is very scarce : and you see2. It is for the small Pocket. And then3. The Postman can carry it more easily.4. Besides, A little pot is soon hot and5. While the tall maid is stooping thelittle one has swept the house. Also alittle leaven leaveneth the whole lump,...that lump ?... You may have three guesses.....give it up?., it's not me.... not y0u....Yes, it is!... The European Theatre! PREFATORY NOTE. IN 1908, nearly ten years ago, " The Mask " came uponthe scene with the following purpose announced in thefollowing words...."To bring before an intelligent public many ancient andl! modern aspects of the Theatre s Art which have toon long been disregarded or forgotten. Not to attempt,! to assist in the so-called reform of the modern The- " atre,... for reform is now too late; not to announce" theories which have not been already tested, but ton announce the existence of a vitality which already" begins to reveal itself in a beautiful and definite form,! based upon an ancient and noble tradition. "We believe that we achieved our purpose: and n0w....THE object of the publication is to travel on and carry on.It will carry on what it set out to do: and even shouldit some day become endowed and thus enabled to carry onstill longer.... and this is its wish.... the art is so long tolearn and the possibilities so incomprehensibly infinite, thatthere will be no fear that it will ever cease to be needed.IT will for ever champion the artist,... the practical man ofinspired ideas : it will for ever keep ahead of the times: andit will for the moment try to bring home to an intelligentpublic, at last awakened to a sense of many values whichbut too late were poorly prized, the particular value to anation, to a people, to mankind, of the Arts : for the Arts arethe vivid expression of the vision of a people victorious overthemselves: and " where there is no vision the people perish." WHAT WE HAVE TO SAYAND WHAT MUST BE DONE. IIfHAT man is there of you, whom** if his son ask bread, wij/. he givehim a stone ? St. Matt. VII, 9. 1. Precisely what we said from 1908to 1915.2. That to exclude honest organizersand artists from the English Thea- tre is a blunder.3. That the Theatre Public wantsboth artists and organizers.... allthat can be found.4. That you must think longer, andbe aware that every manager andevery actor and craftsman is notan artist.5. That the few who are should beput to far more use.6. That the unsuccessful city men arenot the organizers we want.7. That there are not more than sixfirst-class organizers who can un- derstand the Theatre.8. That there are not more than threeEnglish-speaking artists who under- stand the Art of the Theatre.9. That there are first-rate, second- rate, tenth-rate, and any numberof grades.10. That to fail to distinguish theseis to blunder at the outset and isnot economical in the end.11. That there always are and alwayshave been first-class actors inEngland.12. That England has, in Shakespeare,the grandest Dramatist of Europe,but that the English people arenot allowed to realize this - Andthis is mis - called LIBERTY.That the nation, minus Shakespeare,is not the nation.That all Europe is amazed at thenational disregard of his genius.That genius is a national asset,not a mere title.13. That we English could, withtime, and the support of thoseEnglish people who rave aboutthe Russian Ballet, have a fargrander Ballet.14. That Mimo- Drama or Dumb-Show is not the sole property ofexcitable southern races. Nor was4 Sumurun * che only possible formof Mimo-Drama: nor " The Mira- cle " England's best!15. That Censors do no harm.... if aPublic has conquered itself.16. That plays which preach and laydown the law about politics andsocial reforms are always poorplays and therefore undesirable.17. That the Theatre is not entirely to educate, not entirely to amuse....something of both : ....18. That the Theatre's service is tomove people and the spirit ofnations, .... not to excite but todetermine them.19. That it's service to the Englishnation has been for years rejected.20. That Drama must once more be- come Dramatic.21 Spectacular, Literary, Popular,Cultured, Vulgar, Precious.... whatyou will, provided it be Dramatic.22. That English Criticism is too Insularand must have a wider outlook;no longer making blunders throughbeing uniformed, as London criticismdid when it hailed Miss MaudAllen as the noblest exponent ofthe Dance, and discovered sometime later that Isadora Duncan hadbeen that for several years past.23. That to this end Critics must begiven a chance to travel all overthe world and become informed.24. That to rave over n The Miracle Band the Germans was queer, tosay the least of it. (It was TheDaily Mail that supported Pro- fessor Reinhardt in 1912, ....onlysix years ago, although previouslywarned, not once, but many times,against the undesirability of im- porting home-made articles fromGermany instead of getting themfirst-hand).25. That there may or may not besuch a thing as patriotic Art, butto exploit the foreigner at theexpense of the English artist isunwise, expensive, and shows alack of reason.26. That to make enquiries as to whatconstitutes a first-class man of theTheatre is never amiss.27. That to go to the Garrick Clubfor information concerning the fewEnglish Stage Artists of value isa little unwise,.... besides, EnglishClubs are not yet agencies.28. And an artist may have talent,yet not waste his time in societyor clubs.29. That Theatrical blood and traditioncounts for something. To whom?...to the NATION.30. That to break with it sometimescounts for even more. Againstwhom?... against the NATION. THE MANAGER AND THE MUSE THE ETERNAL PROPOSITION. B. C. 4191. TO A. D. 1914.HOW ABOUT A NEW ONE?by Carlo Lacchio. OUR CONTEMPORARY OUR Contemporary in whose covers we shelter.... (andlet us never forget it), is of course quite right to makelight of those various things which, strangely enough, arestill grave in the suburbs.But for our part we cannot do it. There seems to usnothing at all laughable about the inability of the age totake what is left of its art and its artists as seriously aspossible: the inability to see that age after age, centuryafter century, the standard of art seems to decline, until itreaches an age like the present, (or the just past years), whenthere is nothing left to be done but to take to Egypt, tothe ancient Etruscans and to the Greeks and cuddle theircold art works to our bosoms as though they were live thingsof today.Our Contemporary is quite blithe and gay while we areutterly desperate about it. Besides, it's no business of ours,he tells us. Is the stage no business of ours ? we reply; and.,his only answer is that he hopes not.For why and for what then have we thundered for sevenyears from this, the hub of the universe.... Florence ?Shall we cease from thundering, we ask you, ladies andgentlemen, readers? Take the sheet in your hand, look at itand tell us if efficiency could go further. You know whatpaper costs; you know, every tradesman tells us, and every- body repeats it, that this piece of paper that you now hold in your hand is worth its weight in g01d,... the mere paper:...and people don't exaggerate.... not nowadays.Now consider when three million copies of this havebeen sent out and three million hearths, each with two to three members, efficient in enthusuasm, (enthusiasm starting fromtheir every pore) round the hearth, and all hanging on thisgreat, this holy, this never-to-be-forgotten question, Shall theTheatre of England perish?... or rather, how shall the The- atre of England perish?... Consider if that is not sufficientreason for us to carry onour thundering.The burning question of today i 5.... Which way is bestfor the English Theatre to perish ? For you don't tell us thatat this day, or at any day for numberless years past, therehas been any question as to which is the best way for theEnglish Theatre to live and become one of the blessings ofthe land (1). For that is so simply solved, and the solutionwas given in our columns for seven years running, and todaywe are still calling for the same reforms, and now our Con- temporary "Vants us to laugh aside whole matter.Why should we ? We have lost everything : the Arenais a barracks ; we have no office but a Post Office Box 8x 12 inches at the G. P. O. Florence.... happy in that....and so we 11 see the whole pack of them, plus our Con- temporary, damned before we will shelve the question of thefuture English Drama and the English Theatre. And, as wesaid before, why should we, when thousands of hearts, thous- ands of eager faces and clutching hands are seizing and poringover the three million copies of our weighty journal, whichPropaganda, that sweet child of nature always standing atthe elbow of the artist, is spreading through the length andbreadth of two or three hemispheres.Time and idle tears forbid us to say more.... for wehave space enough.... We could, could we not, seize " TheMarionnette " and say our say in its pokey little pages. Perishthe thought!Yes, we will thunder still : first of all meekly askingthat Sir John Hare, Sir Charles Wyndham, Sir GeorgeAlexander, Mr. Cyril Maude, Mr. Charles Hawtry, Mr.H. B. Irving, Mr. Martin Harvey, Mr. Granville Barker,Sir F. Benson and others, as many as possible, shall all beplaced in the inevitable positions to which it has been theirduty to push themselves. (Cur in theatrum. Cato severe, Venisii ?).No, but seriously, let as many important positions andimportant theatres as possible be filled and quickly t00....by these men of undoubted importance, and then,... only then....let steps be taken to find other Theatres, say in Newcastle,Stratford, Dover, Plymouth, and such-like smaller places, andput artists there, and organizers there, and give these smallertheatres annually good sums of money to work on. It has beendone with success elsewhere... and we told you so nine yearsag0.... why " wait and see? "... What ?... what did you say? (1) Russian Theatre, French Theatre, and before.... just before.... theGerman Theatre.... miracles happened then.... all these Theatres were not onlyhailed, but supported, by y0u,... BOOK REVIEWS A PA IRCHINA UNDER THE DOW A- GER EMPRESS. Bland and Back,"house. Heinemann. 6/-net.GERALDINE FARRAR, by Her- self, Houghton Mifflin Co. U. S. A.2 Dollars net. WO books by the same post likeGeraldine Farrar's Memoirs andthe Dowager Empress of China's Life,...and one is enormously impressed.I can say little about either, both areso extraordinary. If I have a regret it isthat the same publisher did not publishthe two books as companion volumes.One is about a barbarian and one isabout a civilized lady. One of themhas the advantage of the collaborationof those two always admirable writers,Backhouse and Bland; both are 4 thril- ling', but one is more thrilling than theother. When the Empress of China ordersthe concubine Pearl to be thrown downthe well, it really reads like somethingthat ought to have been in the otherdramatic book; when one reads ofMiss Farrar and the German Emperorone is set musing about Her MajestyTzu Hsi. But when at the end ofthe Empress's life it is told that shelies on her deathbed and that theyawait the last message, and the grandclimax comes in these words : n Neveragain allow any woman to hold thesupreme power in the state then weturn to Miss Farrar's astounding workand search in vain for any word oflike wisdom from the several speakingportraits of the Divine Creatress ofJuliet, Norma and Lucia. If she couldspeak we wonder, would she be assweeping about actresses as the greatQueen was about queens ?... we wonder. THE ART THEATRE by SheldonCheney. A. A. KnopfU. S. A. TN n The Art Theatre n can be found246 pages of proof that the wholeseven years* work of n The Mask namounts to a row of psns. It waschiefly for the sake of the young menof twenty to thirty, working in thetheatre, that " The Mask " was publish- ed, at a loss all the time, not aloneof money. They seem to have pro- fitted little. The question you will put to us isthis: will you throw over the wholeof the younger generation in the thea- tre because, out of a thousand, ninehundred and seventy-five seem to be blind to what you are driving at ? And you are quite right.That is why n The Mask n is going0n.... for the other twenty-five. Andif they become less, if they dwindleto five, we shall still go on. But wewish that out of that five there mightbe two who would devote themselves,...himself,... herself.... from now onwardsto keeping a watchful eye on everybook, magazine and production whichcomes out labelling itself either as art,or as belonging to the art theatre andthe New Movement, while being mere- ly a production of an opportunist ' onthe make \These two will recognize it in a mo- ment for what it is.The people who perpetrate theseerrors are unconscious of their bung- ling, possibly, through what CaptainMarryat would call nan excess ofzeal ".You will say, perhaps, that " TheMask " should do this work withoutneed of the extra Two. But if n TheMask n has failed in seven years withthese particular persons it will go onfailing. We think it needs a differenttouch. Let us call it the touch of theTw0,... the Two above named ; and itwill be more effective if privately done.Whether it will be a lighter handor a heavier, one cannot foretell, butfor the sake of the theatre we dohope that some one will appear totake up this task.For instance, take one example fromthe book, 11 The Art Theatre n, Is itnot remarkable that we should read,by one of our good friends, such apassage as this : ,f And so the chapter" closes. 1 hope that the reader willH carry in his recollection of it a picturen of the artist-director combining qua- n lities of Appia and Reinhardt, Hume" and Browne..,, a new man of thew theatre who is at once thinking artist" and practical workman, dreamer and11 executive, machinist and priest of then temple that will be the new theatre w.Do you see what we mean ?Supposing that twenty years ago wehad heard of a new actress who wasto combine the qualities of MadameSarah Bernhardt, Miss Ellen Terry,Mile.... and Miss Eastlake. (We omitthe third name, not being aware of theunknown person at that period whoattempted to do, shall we say, the* Bernhardt stunt '.There evidently were several at it.Now any theatre-artist-director com- bining the qualities of Appia andReinhardt would alone be so stupen- dous that all is said when those twonames are mentioned* What is the addition in the name Hume ? whatin the name Browne ? Does eithername add a new quality or a newcelebrity or a new.... I have sat think- ing of this for a quarter of an hour,and I really do not see what it doesadd. Therefore why mention these ?1f,... and I am not going to supposeit, somebody tells me that it is theway they have in a modern journa- listic book when wishing to give aboost to two unknown unqualifiedmembers of the stage, then I can un- derstand it; but if this is so, and Icannot believe it, the very lowest pointhas been reached in n the Art Thea- tre " in America, ANOTHER BOOK ABOUT THETHEATRE. George J. Nathan. (E.W. Huebsch. 1915). I THINK this is the best book on thetheatre that America has produced.First reason is that it is American....very American; it is good-tempered,rollicking, sufficiently paradoxical, wellwritten and alive. It 4 gets there *more times than not; it is what wein England call 4 all right '; and formy part is a book I can turn to againand again, not one of the least rea- sons for this being that it has style,and its Americanisms are perfectly de- lightful.For instance, writing of some inci- dents in one of Stanley Houghton'splays, he suddenly exclaims, l! whatsweetish, highly laquered pish; whatold-fashioned facetious immateriality;what elegant popgunnery !... is this notpure rouge-stick wallawalla ? 11Maeterlinck he calls n arch-arbiter ofthe after-life rumble-bumblen. Andof a certain prince who was an excep- tional waltzer, he writes; n dancingwith a lovely actress in Paris duringhis gay days, the good prince, so goesthe story, marathon'd all the othercouples off the wax n.In his essay on n The Unimportancenof being Earnest, he says; n Anyonen who knows the first thing about Shake- -11 speare, for instance, knows that of all" men, he was a glutton for mendacity,n and rarely meant a philosophy he wrote" save, of course, when he wrote of rumn and women. Did not the fellown himself, forsooth, once admit as much?n n Why11, he was asked by Robert Peele,f! are you ever so persistently insincere"in your labours ? n To which he of- fered the now celebrated rejoinder:n Bob, you give me a pain in the ear.n No sincere man who is or hopes to?! be regarded as an artist descends toIf so low and so facile a means as sin- n cerity to trick fame and repute andn moneys. That is reserved for then mahogany heads, the vacant gourds,n who have nothing to sell but since- ,f rity. Do you get me, old tosspot ? n,f .... I do not remember the exacts wording n.Whenever I wish to feel cheerful Iremember that phrase, " Bob, you giveme a pain in the ear !f. And as do- zens of such phrases are to be foundin Mr Nathan's book, and as there arehundreds of people going about theworld who want cheering up, here issomething that will do it.The secondary value that the book has,that of being admirable sense, is thrownin as an extra : and very many peoplewill want to know much more aboutthe theatre, having enjoyed themselvesin the society of a critic who can beprofound without being dull. WALT WHITMAN. READING THE POEMS OF WALT WHITMAN AGAIN FOR THE ...THTIME. WHAT A GREAT AMERICAN I HOW WELL HE UNDERSTOODTHAT ART, LIKE NATURE, NEEDS TIME, AND AGAIN TIME, ANDAGAIN TIME FOR IT TO GROW AND ANNOUNCE ITSELF AND JUSTIFYITSELF... LET US ADD, RAIN DOES NO HARM TO NATURE.... A LITTLERAIN, DEAR ENGLAND..., A LITTLE RAIN. IN SEARCH OF TALENT , We want to know the names of a number of new young men and womenwho are coming along in the theatre, .... any name, any talent BUT we want to hear the talent clearly defined ; what he or she has done.In sending word about her don't say " she is so like Duse for that meansnothing ; it only means she is not like Madame Duse.In writing about him don't say he is like David Garrick at his best, for that isfudge. Just write plainly if you please, and define all the Limitations in the person.It is by the limitations of the man that his greatness, can be guaged.