Bruno's Weekly 3 21 November 8th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-11-08_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 3 21 THE PASSING OF THE GARRET Illustration 1 The Passing of Bruno's Garret Guido Bruno cre 2 The Rim of the Earth Robert Carlton Brown cre 2 Nietzsche: An Autobiography Friedrich Nietzsche cre 2-3 Nietzsche as a Youth Illustration 3 Nietzsche as Man Illustration 3 Splitting the Ears of the Groundlings Momus cre 3 Frank Harris' Magazine Barred from Canada Guido Bruno cre 4 Frank Harris, by Ferguson Illustration 4 Russian Secret Service Guido Bruno cre Cubed cre Futured by Sadakichi Hartmann cre 4 A large share of the blame for the frequent tragical Max Nardau cre 4 Roomer's Moving Day Guido Bruno cre 5 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Songs of Life and Death Rainer Maria Rilke cre 5 The Washington Square front of the late Bruno's Garret Illustration 5 A Society Sketch Cubed cre Futured by Sadakichi Hartmann cre 5 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Books and Magazines of the Week 6 In Our Village 6-7 The Chorus Girl Anton Tschekov cre Translated by Guido Bruno cre 7-8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 BRUNO'S WEEKLY Ten Cents November 8th, 1916 BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 21. NOVEMBER Bth, MCMXVI Vol. 11l Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Bruno's Weekly, Inc., at No. 10 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Editedand written by Guido Bruno. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of New York, N. Y., October 14th, 1915, under the Actof March 3d, 1897. THE PASSING OF THE GARRET The Passing of Bruno's Garret Guido Bruno "J*HE old frame house on the corner of Washington Square South and of Thompson Street, which was known as Bruno'sGarret, shows no more the big black signs inviting you in white letters to drop in and to see an exhibition of works ofsome artist or other, or to stop in and listen to some poet read his own poetry.The Garret was closed on November Ist.I am not a friend of prospectuses and of announcements. Two years ago I conceived the idea of having a place whereI could publish a magazine whose pages would be open to everybody who has something to say, whose walls would welcomethe paintings and drawings any artist would choose to bring to it; a place where poets could come and read their poetry toan audience that had strolled in accidentally as had they themselves. I did not send out prospectuses and announcements.But I opened my doors and sent out my invitations and whoever wanted to come came. The Garret became known, at firstin New York and later all over the United States, and it made friends in England, and Germany, in Austria and France,in Italy. The Slavic countries sent their friendly messages and even China and Japan were represented by artists and bypoets. The war brought over many refugees, artists and writers who came to Bruno's Garret before they went out to makethe rounds of art galleries and magazine editors in the city.I could fill pages with reminiscences and memories vibrating with the sentiment of obsequies. I could write a book ofmelancholic sadness in verse libre while leaving these rooms that have become so dear to me. I could picture to you, dearreader, in tear-wet words how badly I feel at abandoning the place where I have worked two of the best years of my life.In turn you would feel sad and you would send me a few thoughts of sympathy.But I don't do all this because lam always and always on my way. I have no time to sit beside the road reviewingmemories. My past can never pass into my future. My present is the big wall that prevents memories of the past frommingling with the dreams of the future.I love deeds and no matter if well done or badly done, verily they are better than words.And so I say, the Garret has fulfilled its mission. Here has been the debut of men and women who have made theirmark in art and letters since. The Garret has earned its place in the history of contemporary art and letters. It will live inthe memory of those who used to gather there. The literature that bears its imprint is the testimony of its spirit.Everything I undertook there was done upon its own merit. I never asked for anything without giving value for value.I opened up the Garret and I closed it.Per aspera ad astra. The Rim of the Earth Robert Carlton Brown me your hand, oh dearest, and we'll run round the rimof the earth drawing oxygen deep into our lungs until ourcheeks are aflame.We'll laugh and love on the way; clutching at stars, slidingdown flaming streaks left by shooting meteors; two chil- dren on a balustrade.Shouting our joy from bursting throats, kicking off our shoesand racing the length of glaciers, our hot feet leavingmelted spots as we run.Kicking up the burning sands of deserts, cooling our skin inclinging fogs.Two big, free human beings, with our bits in our teeth, tossingour heads, shaking free of fettering reins. Nietzsche: An Autobiography Friedrich Nietzsche Nietzsche as a Youth Nietzsche as Man [ WAS born on the 15th of October, 1844, on the battlefield ofLutzen. The first name I remember was that of GustavusAdolphus. My ancestors were Poles belonging to the aristoc- racy (Niezky). The type seems to be well preserved, in spiteof three German mothers. Abroad I am generally taken fora Pole. In the visitors' list at Nice only this winter I wasentered as a Pole. They tell me that my head is familiar inMatejko's pictures. My grandmother mixed in the Schiller-Goethe circles of Weimar; her brother succeeded Herder inthe post of Weimer's General-Superintendent. It was my goodfortune to be a pupil at the celebrated and historic PfortaSchool, where so many (Klopstock, Fichte, Schlegel, Ranke,&amp;c.) who have added lustre to German literature preceded me. We had teachers who would have been (or have been) credi- table to every University. I next studied in Bonn, later on atLeipzig, where the venerable Ritschl, at that time the premierphilologist of Germany, singled me out for distinction from thefirst. At twenty-two years of age I was a contributor to theVitterarisches Centralblatt (edited by Zarncke). The foundingof the Philological Society of Leipzig, which still exists, orig- inated with me. In the winter of 1868-69 the University ofBale offered me a professorial chair, before I had even beenmade doctor. Whereupon the Leipzig University did me theextraordinary honor of conferring on me the degree of Doctorwithout any examination or dissertation being required.I stayed at Bale from 1869 till 1879. It became necessary forme to give up my rights as a German subject, owing to the factthat as an officer in the Horse Artillery I was too often calledout and disturbed in my academic duties.Nevertheless, I understand the use at least of two weapons,sabre and cannon, and perhaps I know something about athird. All went smoothly at Bale. It often happened at pro- motion examinations for the Doctorate that the examiner wasyounger than the examinee! A great advantage I enjoyedthere was the genial relations existing between Jakob Burk- hardt and myself; something quite unusual on the part of thathermit-like thinker, who lived a very retired life.Another still more incalculable advantage was that fromthe beginning of my residence in Bale a quite unusual intimacysprang up between me and Richard and Cosima Wagner, whoat that time were living on their country estate, Triebschen, onthe lake of Lucerne, as much cut off from all their earlier con- nections as if they were on a desert island. For several yearswe shared every joy and sorrow; a friendship of unboundedconfidence. You will find that in Wagner's collected works,Vol. VII., there is printed an epistle to me apropos of the Birthof Tragedy. My relations with them brought me in contact with a large circle of interesting men and women, in fact, thebest society that moves between St. Petersburg and Paris.Towards 1876 my health began to decline. I spent a winter inSorrento with my old friend Baroness Meysenburg (author ofMemoiren einer Idealistin) and Dr. Ree, with whom I was thenin sympathy. It did me no good. An exceedingly painful andstubborn form of headache set in that exhausted all mystrength. As years went on it increased, and reached such aclimax of habitual suffering that the year contained for me atthat time two hundred days of torture. The cause of themalady must have been entirely local, as any kind of neuro- pathological grounds for it were absent. I never had the leastsign of mental disturbance, no fever, no fainting. My pulsewas the whole time as slow as the first Napoleon's (60). Myspecialty was to endure excruciating pain and cruet vert withan absolutely clear brain for two or three days on end, vomit- ing bile the whole time. A report got wind that I was in anasylum (indeed, that I had died there). Nothing could havebeen further from the truth. My mind did not really mature until this frightful time. Evidence of it is Dawn of Day, whichI wrote in 1881 during a winter of unspeakable wretchednessin Genoa, beyond reach of doctors, friends, and relations. Icomposed the book with a minimum of health and strength, soit stands for a kind of Dynamometer of my powers. From1882 onwards I progressed, even if slowly, towards recovery.The crisis was overcome (my father died young, at exactlythe same age at which I myself was at death's door). Evento-day I have to be extremely careful; certain conditions, cli- matic and meterological, are indispensable. It is not choice,but compulsion, which takes me every summer to the UpperEngadine and every winter to the Riviera.Finally, this illness has been of the very greatest help to me;it has set me free; it has restored me the courage to be myself.My instincts are those of a brave, even of a military, beast.The prolonged struggle has slightly exasperated my pride ofspirit. After all, am I a philosopher? But what does it mat- ter ? Attached to a letter to Brandes dated, April 25, 1888. n.; Splitting the Ears of the Groundlings Momus (Theatrical Criticism) JDEAS, real new, original ideas are scarce in American come- dies. Every once in two years an author has an idea andinvariably a curious phenomenon appears; the same identicalnew and original idea is conceived synonymously and suddenlyat the same time by somebody else. I wonder if the idea hadbeen lying in the air ? Or is it possible that our authors are*at a loss where to take without stealing? Qui lo sa? . .However this may be it surely has happened this very seasonthat a new idea or better, a little comedy motive, was borntwins in Come out of the Kitchen," the comedy dramatizationof Alice Duer Miller's novel of the same name, at present inthe George Cohan Theatre, and in "Good Gracious Anna-?,belle!" by Clare Kummer in the Republic Theatre. The latterpiece has even a more impossible development of this motivethan the one dramatized by A. F. Thomas' master hand; quite;a number of people belonging to the better class take service1among the servants of a rich summer household, the cook beingithe instigator of this translation, becoming dangerous to richmen. Notwithstanding the fact that this second piece appearedseveral weeks after the first performance of "Come Out of theKitchen" it received a warm welcome; in fact it is one of thegreat laugh producers of the season. Clare Kummer was veryhappy in the choice of her merry dialogue. The caste includ- ing Ruth Chatterton and her very attractive new leading man,Lola Fischer, May Vokes and Walter Hampden, know howto make the best of their parts.William Hodge, who brought back to New York this trulyAmerican dry humor, and this time into Maxine Elliott'sTheatre, naturally also brought a comedy with him that is,of couise like Caesar's wife, high above all suspicion. Hewrites his comedies hirnself and takes care, unselfishly onethat he is, that a certain comedian of his very close acquain- tance, whom he sees every day in his mirror, does not receiveany other part than the very one that suits him as snugly ashis exquisitively tailored afternoon suits. "Fixing Sister," hisnew play, is the non plus ultra of all the William Hodgepreludes. One hears and sees in it nothing but WilliamHodge, who has thrown all the good lines he could possiblylay his hands on into his own part. The whole seems to beone long monologue of and from William Hodge. All thosewho cannot get enough of William Hodge will surely be highlvpleased with "Fixing Sister."In the Fulton Theatre there arose a play whose authors,Grant Stewart and Robert Baker, must have a lot of courage!Ignoring the terrible impressions received daily in the trans-Atlantic cables from the seat of war, they discover the comicalof the great conquest, a sort of light opera comique. Inreminiscence of that play by Bernard Shaw which also endedon the light opera stage it was called "Arms and the Girl."Here too German officers are acting parts but unlike WilliamHodge, they would not recognize themselves in their mirror.John Drew under a new management of John D. Williamsmade a very good impression in the title part of "MajorPendennis" (from Thackeray's celebrated novel), at the Cri- terion Theatre. Langdon Mitchell reflects in his new stageversion of the novel a good deal of Thackeray's spirit. Thereis also a great deal of "Major Pendennis" in John Drew'sexcellent make-up and in the fine interpretation of his part.Brandon Tynan, Helen McKellar, Allison Skipworth, HelenMencken and Lester Loncryan played the other prominent partsstill better, in fact exceedingly interestingly and well. Cyril Maude's Inane Comedy I would much rather see the interesting arrangement ofscenes frorn Thackeray than the so-called play that CyrilMaude has imported from London for the time allotted to himat the Empire Theatre: "The Basker" by Clifford Mills. Itis an inane polite comedy of the kind that drives critics todrink, that which induced Bernard Shaw to write his owncomedies as an antidote for incipient progressive paralysis.We thought this type of play extinct, like the late Dodo, andto our astonishment we have heard that it made a tremendoussuccess in London. But then—London turns to almost any di- version forget her fear of the Zeppelins. Cyril Maudeplays the titled idler, as indolent as any ever made in Englandbefore the war. The part is ridiculous and does not serve to heighten his reputation. Frank Harris' Magazine Barred fromCanada Guido Bruno Frank Harris, by Ferguson OEARSON'S MAGAZINE ceased to be Pearson's Magazineto its readers on that memorable day that Frank Harris,the greatest editor of America in the real sense of the word,decided to take over its editoriship. In an article that willappear in one of the forthcoming issues of this journal I willspeak about Frank Harris as an editor, into to the so- called editors at large in New York. Today I wish only topoint out that this untiring fighter for freedom of letters andof mind had to pay his fine to England, which took its poundin a drastic, a most intolerable way. Frank Harris' fightsagainst English prudery, against English hypocrisy and espe- cially against tradition-sanctioned flimflamming of the popu- lace, has never been contrasted with his benign love (or every- thing that is real English, with his love for the beautiful thatEngland gave to the world through its poets, its writers andits artists. He has never been credited with the priceless services hehad rendered to England and to the world through his finediscrimination of what is good, of eternal value and of thosethings that no one else of his contemporaries has dared tochampion.How many celebrities of whom England boasts today saw thelight of the world a score and a half years ago in the columnsof the magazines he edited and owned in England? Geniusis in need today as a thousand years ago of a Moecenas and ofa discoverer. One man who dares to lead the obscure maninto the limelight of publicity, of fame and of attacks. Theman who dares to proclaim: "Here is a man who has donesomething noteworthy. Here is his work. I know it is good.Therefore I give it to you. You top someday will say, 'it isgood.' And posterity will agree with me."Frank Harris published in his masterpiece, his book "OscarWilde and his Confessions," not only his very own opinionsabout the .attitude of English courts and of Englishmen atlarge against Oscar Wilde, the artist and the man, but he alsopublished there a stenographic report of this court proceedings.The Englishman likes to preach but he hates to practice hispreachments. He does not permit an argument about tradi- tions and about the accepted code of morality. The rebel ofmind who is not a prophet of a new creed but who fights forthe very same old creed in its real own meaning, who endeav- ors to tear off the British cloak of hypocrisy, and especially theman who dares to disclose to the readers of penny papers thehuman side of the heroes of sixpence periodicals must be silenced forever. If he is out of reach of English jurisdiction,his voice must be muzzled, even if it is raised to uphold hu- manity, to prevent nameless cruelty to fellowmen.Frank Harris brought a new spirit into the old dry theory- ridden Pearson's Magazine. He gathered a few promisingyouths around him. He lent his ear to the enthusiast, so rarein the tohu-wabohu of our commercial surroundings. He con- sidered the grave voices of experienced fighters for an econo- mic freedom. He borrowed the photographer's art as well asthe daring dash of a future artist's brush for the pages of goodold Pearson's.And now after Pearson's has become Frank Harris personified,with all his love for humanity, with his spirit to fight unequali- ty, with his heart that feels the pains of all nations alike,England realized that the food Frank Harris gave to its Cana- dian subjects was of another substance than the canned goodsits officials open whenever they decree that time has come fora repast. A government that supervises so carefully and dili- gently its war news factories cannot permit a voice of a FrankHarris in its realms. But this voice will be the voice in thewilderness. Its power and its indisputable truthfulness willleave deserts, places where there are now thousands dopedand knouted into willingness to listen and to believe.It is not Pearson's Magazine that England objects to beingcirculated in Canada. It is the voice of Frank Harris thatBritain wishes to muzzle. Russian Secret Service Guido Bruno Cubed and Futured by Sadakichi Hartmann (Scene: Private office in Police Headquarters.)PRESIDENT OF POLICE: If you join our forces anddecide to be a detective instead of a revolutionist, you will befreed immediately! Otherwise you will be hanged today!Your death-warrant is as good as signed.REVOLUTIONIST: All right, I accept!LIEUTENANT OF POLICE (thinking for himself) : Ihave to report this immediately to the revolutionary committee!Such a wretched traitor!PRESIDENT OF POLICE: We are offering you 1,000 rublesif you betray to us the plots of all the assassinations plannedat present.POLICE SARGEANT (thinking for himself): O, Lord: ifhe only does not betray me!REVOLUTIONIST: They are preparing to kill the villagepriest.POLICE SARGEANT (thinking): Blessed be the Lord: hedoesn't seem to know anything about our plot!REVOLUTIONIST: Dimitri Nicolaitsch was chosen to killhim.POLICEMAN AT THE DOOR (thinking): He evidentlyknows what he is talking about. The name is correct.REVOLUTIONIST: Everything will be ready tomorrowevening at 8 o'clock. Then the priest will be killed.PRESIDENT'S SECRETARY (thinking) : In yesterday'smeeting we postponed it till the day after tomorrow.PRESIDENT OF POLICE (in terrible rage, to the revolu- tionist) : Ha! Scoundrel! So you are going to betray theplans of our revolution! To hell with you! (He fires a shotwithout injuring him.)REVOLUTIONIST: Place him under arrest!! I am theSecretary of Police!A SCRUBBING WOMAN: Then you must die! (Throw- ing herself against his big frame she buries a stilletto in hisheart.)POLICEMAN AT THE DOOR (trying to overpower her) :Nikolisch! What did you do that for! (The house is blowninto the air because the letter-carrier stumbled over a bomb ashe came through the main entrance.) Max Nardau A large share of the blame for the frequent tragical con- flicts between natural sentiments and conventional con- straints is due to the prevailing conception of moralitywhich is a consequence of Christianity; it is monstrous, itis illogical. This system of morality could not last an hourif it were not that in private all human beings, all, withoutexception, set it aside as tranquilly as if it did not exist. Roomer's Moving Day Guido Bruno 'Y'ODAY I am sitting in the empty room. My own belong- ings are in my new quarters and I am saying good-bye:Good-bye to the big broad bed that I loved because of thehours of worry and trouble that threw me upon it. Good-byeto the table where I used to sit and to write ; good-bye to theeasy chair in which I used to sit and to indulge in my mostbeloved thoughts. The mirror I view with sadness. Eachmirror is dear to me because it saw me often as no other mir- ror will ever see me again. If I were rich I would smash itto pieces. I would melt the splinters and out of the many inthe course of time broken and melted mirrors I would have mycoffin made.The jasmine bush which gave me its flowers and its odor atthe time I moved in, is losing its leaves. They are red andyell ow with ugly wrinkles, waiting upon the dying and sadlawn for the broom or the wind that will sweep them away.It is hardly six o'clock and the lantern in front of my houseslighted and diffuses an atmosphere of lilac and of death. Iam sitting at my window and I am looking out. I am lookingover the near-by trees, over the farther away houses into thefields on the far horizon. I see black darkness, sad night.When it becomes cosy and warm and snug wherever menlive in solitude or in gatherings, when they look forward inhappy expectation to the long eves of winter with glisteninggrate fires; when sweet hopes fill their hearts and memoriesappear as welcome visitors; when radiant life-loving feastsare near and when they think of the serene sacred glimmerof candles in dark green Christmas trees; of the gladness andthe love that they will receive and that they will give. . . .When the angels of love and happiness are approaching:Then I bundle up my belongings and am gone—am gone.Whence? I do not know. But from there, too, wherever itmay be, it will drive me away if happiness should send mes- sengers of its approach.It will drive me away, the homeless one, the gypsy, thepariah of the nations. Songs of Life and Death By Rainer Maria Rilke II is talking about his mother. Evidently a German.Slowly and loudly he sets his words. Like a girl gather- ing flowers for a bouquet, trying meditatively flower afterflower, not knowing yet how the whole will look—thus hechoose his words. For joy? For sorrow? All listen attentively.They even stop spitting because they are all gentlemen whoknow what is proper. And even he who never understoodGerman in this gathering, knows it all at once. He sensessome of the words: ''In the evening" . . . "When I was small." III 'JpHEY all begin to feel nearer one to the other—these gentle- men who came from France and from Britain, from themountains of Russia, from the valleys of Tyrol, from the Bo- hemian plains and from Emperor William. Because whatthis one relates, they all have experienced and have felt justas deeply.As though there were only one mother. . . .(Editor's Translation)- " \ The Washington Square front of the late Bruno's Garret A Society Sketch Cubed and Futured by Sadakichi Hartmann QNCE more the Roman nose feigned hospitality in the sub- terranean halls of a social caravansery.At the narrow portals, oh so red, stood a dark slave andshouted.Inside Mme. Ingenue, quite brown, lay on a table and dis- played her charms of wealth.And the chambers of bad taste—into which Orphism notVorticism will ne'er enter—were deluged with black bipedswhose breasts looked like silver armor.Pendants of jewels, green by gosh, balanced on huge forti- fied spheres, at which wicked eyes in white stocks and masksof variegated paint smiled in vanity.And the clairvoyant jackass, the negroid palmist, and theinterpreter of slate sherds and spherical trusses, sighed for thefaded and fading buff colored fruit.The flanky fool of society contemplated and grinned whiletwo arduous eyes, oh so navy, shot their post- and neo- into thetrenches, and he felt shyer than the dangling legs of a damozelin orange, in the adjoining den with its nocturnal suggestions.And the mixture of many nations ate and drank mixturesnear a storage house of curiosities, and the jubilation arose highon silly waves, as voices in shallow imitations of life shriekedthrough rushes bending and swaying under flirtation cachou'dbreath. :-And when all idlers had passed away into the purple night,Mme. Ingenue swallowed eight sandwiches, oh so painfully,the Roman nose laughed like a rabbit, and the arduous eyesand the lanky came to a platonic:; understanding. Books and Magazines of the Week THE reaction is beginning to set in. 1915 and 1916 weremagazine years par excellence. Never before since thefamous Nineties with its period of Elbert Hubbard and imi- tators and the Chicago Chap Books and imitators has man inAmerica felt so strongly the insufficiency of the so-callednational magazines. Never before has the necessity seemedso great for literary journals that would serve as organs ofself-expression and not as advertising mediums exclusively.Little individual mouthpieces of men and of groups sprang upin all parts of the country.And now autumn has arrived! Not only in nature but inthe hearts of those young enthusiasts who had cared so littlefor their own personal gain that they went out and gatheredtheir pennies and founded magazines of their own.Beautiful to look upon are the richly colored leaves as youwalk out into the glory of an October morn. The dewdropsare sparkling in the brilliance of the golden rays that havefound their way through clouds and vapor.But the leaves are dead. They are resplendent with thehonor of their achievements. They have fulfilled their missionlike heroes who have lived, who have died: They have givenshade to us, they have blossomed for us, they have given ustheir fruits; they have granted refuge to the ugly crawlingcaterpillars, they have given honey to the beautiful butterflies.They have sheltered birds and opened out their branches fortheir nests and caressed lovingly the little white and speckledeggs; they have given the first foothold to the young helplessbirds.They have endured the heat of midsummer, the thirst of thedry dog days and they have waited until kind autumn windsblew from their foliage the dust that had annoyed them whilemen passed by in their happy and gay attire. They have drunkto their fill of the refreshing rains . . . and now, vested intheir ragalia of achievement, with their yellow of gold, withtheir purple of blood and of royalty, with their brown ofMother Earth: they are awaiting for death.They feel how their stems lose more and more of their con- tact with the branches of the mother tree. Rhythmically theyrock to and fro to the melodies of zephyrs, of breezes, ofwinds and of storms. Sadly they watch their brothers fall, fallfrom loftiness down to earth where color beauties vanish soquickly, where their rustle under the feet of passersby is thelast message of the dead leaves to the vanity of the world.These little magazines which have taken their flight into theworld in their green and yellow and red covers are sendingout their death messages. They have sung of joy and of free- dom. They have fought against the fallacies, they have con- quered foes, real and imaginary. They have helped to dig agrave for hypocrisy and hatred and they have thrown to thewinds seeds of love and the winds have carried them here andthere and have dropped them where hearts love flowers.The little magazines cared naught for the ways of the world.They were only but well prepared to fight for love with love.Monster Money scoffs at love. It cannot conquer love, it cannotcrush love, it cannot extinguish love. But it can isolate love.The little magazines had sung their songs. To sing themagain would have been repetition. To be able to sing themagain would have necessitated concessions to Monster Money.And so they lost their happily colored foliage and grew slim- mer and slimmer and then They come no more. The Minaret It one of those little sheets which are fighting at presentfor existence. We hope that The Minaret will survive andcontinue to give us its heart-refreshing poems, its well andbenevolently written criticisms, its translations from many lan- guages of things beautiful and worth while. In Which Norman-Bell Geddes followed the example set by his dis- tinguished contemporary, the "Little Review" and emigrated tosunny California. He will direct there his "Theatre of To- morrow" and will edit also his little magazine, a gladly heardmonthly voice of his achievements in art, literature, in thea- tricals and other things. The Phoenix Michael Monahan has discovered after several years of pain- ful doubt that Frank Harris is a Welshman without the slight- est infusion of Semitic blood, and therefore he hands him anarmful of long withheld laurels. "Balzac the Lover" is theleading article of the October issue and is a valuable contri- bution to our knowledge of the real Balzac.If you are not yet acquainted with "The Phoenix," write toSouth Norwalk, Conn., and ask its editor for a sample copy.If you have a taste for "Life and Letters," you will give toMichael Monahan your friendship and your love. The Poetry Review The Publishers' Budget, containing a list of autumn publica- tions of new poetry, is an ably written price list of books issuedby publishers whose names one may see as chief advertisersin our book trade journals (called euphemistically literarysupplements, etc.). The current issue also contains well writ- ten advertisements of the "Anthology of Magazine Verse" edi- ted by the editor of The Poetry Review and an announcementof The Contemporary American Poet Series, published by ThePoetry Review Company. Then there is an open letter "To1You—Our Friends" asking for the subscriptions of their friendsin order to avoid losing twenty cents per subscriber each year.A noteworthy array of publishers' advance notices and ofpuffs of recently issued and newly forthcoming books com- pletes the sixteen pages of the October issue printed on heavyegg shell paper in big very readable type with a good blackink.The Poetry Review claims to be the representative of Ameri- can contemporary poetry. In Our Village RED and yellow turned the leaves of our old wide-spreadingtrees. Mild autumn winds with their sad melancholymelody blew them from the branches, the brown-clad guardsof Washington Square swept them in nice heaps and the oldwhite horse, known to every child of the neighborhood, waitspatiently in front of its cart on sidewalks and lawns until ithears the familiar "go on." Slowly it moves on to the nextpile, as if it knows that it carries the once luscious green leavesto their last resting-place. The fountains are wrapped upwith straw, the benches deserted save in the afternoon sun—winter is coming. Like heroes stripped of their armor the treeslift their branches toward heaven. Little clouds passing quicklylike zealous couriers send their nicest winds with a messageof love and hope down to them. And as the knight of yoreinclined graciously and bowed slightly when his lady noddedtheir twigs sway to the welcome melody, their branches whis- per the message and the trunks resound.Have you ever put your ear close to a tree and listened tothe surr-surr and huiii-huiii as it passes down to its roots deepunder the ground? I have. I wish that I knew the languageof trees. It sounded so cheery and confiding. "It is winter,"it meant to me, "but not winter in our hearts. What does itmatter that we change our clothes, what does it matter thatthe leaves—that the nice shady leaves are gone? Beautifulwhite snow will cover us soon and its little crystals will glitterin the sun and spring will come . . . and they will bud again."There is no other community in New York where the popu- lation is so constantly floating and so quickly shifted as inGreenwich Village. You think you know the Square becauseyou lived there last year. And now, returning from your campor from your summer residence or from the suburb where youspent the last months, you come to that house where you stillkeep your studio or where you have secured quarters for your- self and you see new faces. They perhaps moved in yesterday,and they seem to belong to the place as though they had livedthere for years. They will be gone tomorrow and they won'tleave a trace or a personal impression to tell the story of theirsojourn.And then those men and women on the street in a garb whicharrests your eye—it may be a flying necktie—of the woman,please—men do not wear artists* bows any more. They seemto acquire with the long hair the neatness also peculiar to thefemale sex—all healthy girls with red cheeks and eyes radiant with expectancy and enthusiasm—and with bobbed hair. Andsome of them really look like men in their felt hats and man- like cut sack suits; you can see them flocking into Pepe's realestate office. Pepe has a monopoly of the artists and literarymen dwelling in Greenwich Village. He knows every cubby- hole high up under the roof of a forgotten factory building onthe outskirts of the Square, and he also knows how to transformthem into "studios." And ah—what prices he does know tocharge! He sends the new arrivals from the country—artistsand would-be-artists who have saved their pennies for a yearin Greenwich Village on their tiresome road to find a "home."Have you ever been there yourself? A list of addresses inyour hand, wandering from house-door to house-door, lookingat studios or rooms or apartments? No more heart-sickeningand disappointing task is in store for us than this dishearteningsearch for living quarters. If we like one place, we can't affordto rent it; we stumble against one that just suits us and suitsour pocket-book, we congratulate ourselves on our good luckand then we learn that some other luckier being had not onlyrented it an hour ago, but also had left a deposit to substan- tiate the deal. And with the first shadows of the dying dayour spirits reach that point below zero where we don't carea rap and we ring the bell of a house and tell ourselves, "Ifthere are quarters here that cost so much and so much, I'll takethem."And so they settle and are happy and contented, and startout with enthusiasm, and Greenwich Village once more fulfillsits mission as it has done for the last one hundred years, sincethe memorable day when Tom Paine hunted for lodging inthe dreamy, sunny hamlet, nearly two miles away from theNew York of those days to live here the quiet life of a hermitin the company of Madame Bonville and her two sons. The Chorus Girl By Anton Tschekov (Translated by Guido Bruno) this happened long ago. She was younger and nicer inthose days. Nikolai Petrowitch Kolpakow, her admirer,was visiting her in her country home. It was unbearably hotand humid. Kalpakow had finished his noonday meal, and haddrunk a whole bottle of bad port wine; he did not feel verywell and was in a bad mood. Both were bored, waiting forthe cooler evening to take a walk.Suddenly the doorbell rang. Kolpakow was in his shirtsleeves. He jumped up from his seat and looked questioninglyat Pasha."Maybe it is the letter carrier, or perhaps a girl friend,"said the actress.Kolpakow didn't mind in the least Pasha's girl friends northe letter carrier. But to be sure he picked up his coat andwent into the next room while Pasha went out to open thedoor.To her great surprise it was not the letter carrier, nor oneof her friends, but a young and beautiful lady, handsomelydressed in a refined style; she looked like a "good" woman.The stranger was pale and breathing heavily as if she hadascended several flights of stairs."What is it you wish?" asked Pasha.The lady did not answer immediately. She entered theroom, glanced with curious looks over the furniture. She ap- peared to be in pain. It was some time before she had com- posed herself and was able to speak. She took a seat."Is my husband here?" she asked finally, raising her eyeswhich were red from crying."Whose husband?" asked Pasha, and she became suddenlyso frightened that her hands and feet grew cold. "Whosehusband?" she repeated, trembling with emotion."My husband, Nikolai Petrowitch Kolpakow.""No, . . . madam . . . I . . I never knew a husband."A few minutes of silence lapsed. The lady repeatedly wipedher eyes with a lace handkerchief. Pasha had not dared tosit down. She looked at her visitor frightened and helplessly."You maintain then that he is not here?" asked the lady witha firm voice and a curious smile."I ... I do not know whom you mean.""You vulgar low woman . . ~" murmured the lady, lookingwith hatred and contempt at Pasha. "Yes, yes . . . you are avulgar woman and I am happy, very happy that I have finallya chance to tell you so face to face!" Pasha felt that she must have impressed this lady in blackvery vulgarly and she began to be ashamed of her painted redcheeks, of the freckles that covered her nose and of the bangsflowing gaily over her forehead. It seemed to her that if shehad happened to be slender without paint and powder andbangs it would have been easier for her to conceal that shewas a "bad" woman. She could have met her on equal terms,and she would even have dared to sit on the chair on the otherside of the table."Where is my husband?" asked the lady again. "But it doesnot matter whether he is here or not. I simply want to tellyou that embezzlements have been discovered and that they arelooking for Nikolai Petrowitch. They are going to arrest him.And that is your work!"The lady arose and paced the room in great excitement.Pasha looked at her in astonishment. She could not graspwhat all this meant."Today he will be found and arrested," said the lady, cryingand sobbing. "I know who led him on to all this, you vulgarugly woman! You low creature," her face expressed the con- tempt she felt for Pasha. It looked as if she would spit in herface the next moment. "I am powerless . . . Do you hear me,you beastly woman? ... I am helpless, you are stronger thanI am, but there is One who is going to take care of me andmy children! God sees everything! He is just! He willrepay you for all my tears, all my sleepless nights! The timewill come when you will remember me!"Again there was a long silence. The lady walked up anddown while Pasha stared at her; she could not understand andexpected momently that something dreadful would happen."I know nothing of all this, madam," she said, and com- menced to cry heart-breakingly."You lie!" cried the lady. "I know everything. I haveknown you for a long while. I know that there has not beena day during the last four months that he did not spend withyou!""Yes? And what of it? What is there wrong in that? Agood many come to see me and to visit with me. I do noturge them to come. They come of their own free will.""I am telling you that they have discovered an embezzlement.He stole money from his office. For your sake . . . for thesake of such a woman as you are he committed a crime. Lis- ten," resumed the lady very decisively stopping squarely infront of Pasha. "You cannot have principles, you who liveonly to wrong others. That is all that you desire. But Icannot believe that you are such a low woman that you haveeven lost your last spark of humanity. He has a wife, he haschildren. ... If they sentence him and send him to Siberia,I and the children must starve . . . try to understand this! Butstill there remains one way to save us from misery and dis- honor. If I can make good and deposit today nine hundredrubles, he will not be prosecuted. Nine hundred rubles only!""Nine hundred rubles?" asked Pasha quietly. "I don't knowanything about nine hundred rubles. I haven't received them.""I do not beg of you nine hundred rubles. You have nomoney and I do not need your money. I ask for somethingentirely different. . . . Men are in the habit of giving girlslike you jewelry. Return to me the things my husband gaveyou!""He never gave me jewelry, madam," cried Pasha, who hadbegun to understand."Where is the money? He has squandered his own, mineand other people's money. .. . Listen, I beg of you! I havebeen overcome by all this and I called you a great manyunpleasant things but I beg you to forgive me. You must hateme, I know it. And if you are capable of pity, try to putyourself into my own place. I implore you, give me backthose things!""Hm .. ." said Pasha, and shrugged her shoulders. "Iwould do it with pleasure but may God punish me if he evergave me presents. Please do believe me. But you are right,"the actress corrected herself embarrassedly, "once he broughtme these two things, I gladly give them back to you if you wishthem. . . ."Pasha opened the drawer of her dresser and handed to hervisitor a thin gold bracelet and a little ring with a red stone.The lady flushed and every muscle in her face seemed tovibrate. She was offended. "What are you giving me?" she said. "I do not ask foralms, but for that which is not yours, what you induced myhusband, the poor unhappy creature, to give you, you whoknow how to take advantage of such situations. Thursday asI met you with my husband on the Avenue, you wore expensivebrooches and rings. You don't need to play for my benefit thepart of an innocent lamb. For the last time I ask of you, willyou return those things to me or not?""How comical you are . . ~" said Pasha, who felt quiteoffended. "I assure you that your Nikolai Petrowitch nevergave me anything but this bracelet and this ring. He broughtonly cake ""Cake . . ~" laughed the lady in a strangely shrill voice, "athome the children have nothing to bite and here you feast oncake. So you refuse to return to me those things?"She did not receive an answer. She seated herself in a com- fortable rocking-chair and looked fixedly at one point evidentlythinking rapidly."What shall I do?" she said, "if I don't get this nine hun- dred rubles he is lost and I and the children with him. ShallI kill this monster, or shall I throw myself on my knees beforeher?"The lady pressed the handkerchief to her face and startedto cry."I beg of you," she sobbed, "you have ruined my husbandand wrecked his life, do save him. ... I know you do notfeel pity for him, but the children, think of the children. . . .Why should those innocent children suffer also?"Pasha thought of those little children, standing on a streetcorner crying with hunger, and she herself started to cry."What can I do, dear lady?" she asked with a gesture ofhelplessness, "you say that I am a beast, and that I wreckedNikolai Petrowitch. But I swear to you before God that Inever had any financial advantages from him. In our chorusMotja is the only one who has a rich lover. We others arestarving half of the time. Nikolai Petrowitch is a fine andwell dressed gentleman, and so I received him. We cannotbe very fastidious in our choice. . . .""I am asking you for those things! Give them to me. I amcrying. ... I am lowering myself. If you wish me to do so,I will throw myself at your feet. Please! . . . Please?"Pasha screamed in fright. She felt that this pale beautifullady who was talking like the leading woman in the theatrewas ready to kneel before her in her pride, in her nobility, inorder to humiliate herself and to humiliate the actress."Very well then, I shall give you the things!" exclaimedPasha hustily, drying her tears. "Here, please. They are notfrom Nikolai Petrowitch. I received them from other gentle- men. But as you please. . . ." Pasha again opened the drawer of her dresser and handedto the lady a diamond brooch, several rings and several neck- laces."Take this, take these too, and take these, though from yourhusband I have never received anything. Here, take them all,and make yourself rich!" continued Pasha, offended by thethreatened prostration at her feet."But if you are such a fine lady . . . his own wife, better tryto keep him with you. I surely did not call him. He camehimself. . . ."The lady looked through her tears over the jewelry spreadon the table and said: "This is not all . . . these things are noteven worth five hundred rubles."Pasha went again to the dresser and quickly threw a goldwatch, a cigarette case and a pair of cuff buttons with the otherthings. She spoke now very resolutely: "I have no more . . .you can look for yourself!"The lady sighed, gathered the things with trembling handsin her handkerchief, and walked out. She did not asy a word,she did not even nod her head.The door to the next room opened and in came Polpakow.He was pale and he shook his head nervously as if he hadtaken a bitter drink. In his eyes glistened tears."What are those things that you are supposed to have givenme?" Pasha turned on him. 'When, if I may ask, did you giveme these things?""Things. . . . Nonsense!" answered Kolpakow, shaking hishead. "My God, she has cried before you, she has humiliatedherself. . . .""I ask you, what are these presents that you are supposed tohave given me?" screamed Pasha."My God, she, the pure, the noble, the proud woman. . . .at the feet of this creature she would even have thrown her- self! My doings have brought her to this! I have permittedit."He grasped his head with his hands and groaned:"Never, never shall I forgive myself. Never: Begone, youbeast," and he looked with contempt at Pasha, while his trem- bling hands thrust her far away from him. "She wanted tothrow herself upon her knees and . . . before whom? Beforeyou! Oh my God!"He dressed himself quickly. He carefully avoided touchingPasha and left the house.Pasha threw herself in a chair and cried loudly. She wassorry that she had given away her jewelry in the excitementof the moment. The whole scene seemed to her very offensive.She recalled how a merchant had beaten her three years agowithout any apparent reason and she cried much louder. OSCAR WILDE'SImpressions of Americaedited with an introduction by Stuart Mason.One of the original 500 copies printed.This book, written by Oscar Wilde upon his return fromthat memorable lecture tour through America, containssome of the finest characterizations of America, as Wildesaw it. He hits mercilessly and he praises effusively. Inthe appendix is an interesting collection of newspaperinterviews with Wilde.It is a rare Wilde item, published by one of Wilde's oldestfriends and his bibliographer.Only a few copies left which will be sent to those whose ordersreach us at first for $1.00 postpaid.SCHULTE'S BOOK STORE132 E. 23rd StreetNew York THE ONLY PRIVATE SCHOOL IN OUR VILLAGEMiss Cornelia Kingsland Barsow will re-open her school atTwenty-seven West Eleventh Street, on Thursday, October12th, for children between five and fourteen years of age.FIVE TEACHERS—ManuaI and Art Work—FRENCH.There prevails a delightful atmosphere of the school-roomin -a private home.Rates reasonable. * 14 Stories by Maupassant,for 35 cents postpaidStories of the Tragedy and Comedy of Life, withan introduction by Paul Bourget. Prettily printed inlarge type on superior paper, with illustrations incolor by Clare Victor Dwiggins. 16mo, stiff darkgreen paper cover, rough edges. (196 pages.) NewYork., M. Walter Dunne, 1914. (Pub. 50 cents.)Comprises the following short stories: The FalseGems; Was it a Dream?; Simon's Paper; In the Moon-light; The Old Maid; The Lancer's Wife; The Sequelto a Divorce; The Englishwoman; Sentiment; TheFishermen; In his Sweetheart's Livery; Bertha; Dis-covery; and A Message of Love.CONDOR'S BOOK STORE366 Fifth Ave.Write for interesting cataligue of books. R. EDERHEIMERPRINT CABINET366 FIFTH AVE., NEW YORKOriginal Drawings by Old MastersALL APPRECIATIVE VISITORS CORDIALLY INVITED