The Signature 2 18 October 1915 naba_1915-10-18_01 The Signature 2 CONTENTS. 1 The Crown. II. D. H. Lawrence cre 3-12 The Cittle Governess. Matilda Berry cre 13-20 There was a Cittle Man... II. John Middleton Murry cre 21-30 THE SIGNATURE18 October 1915. Number 2. Published by Subscription onlyat 12, Fisher Street,Southampton Row,W.O. LIBRARYOFPRINCETON UNIVERSITY THE SIGNATURE. THE CROWN. THE SIGNATURE. THE CROWN. THE SIGNATURE. THE CROWN. THE SIGNATURE. THE CROWN. THE SIGNATURE. THE SIGNATURE. THE LIT TLE GO VERNE SS. THE SIGNATURE. THE LITTLE GOVERNESS. THE SIGNATURE. THE LITTLE GOVERNESS. THE SIGNATURE. (To be concluded.) THE SIGNATURE. THERE WAS A LITTLE MAN. THE SIGNATURE. THERE WAS A LITTLE MAN. THE SIGNATURE. THERE WAS A LITTLE M AN. THE SIGNATURE. THE RE WAS A LITTLE MAN THE SIGNATURE. l1JV? 1" .""' * --, ' ~V * '• v^'*'**/ » */'„ ' Vï*'^"îîî3l;iï'-^l^N'' "S* ' 'Subscriptions of 2/6 for Six Copies to be sent to the Editor12, Fisher Street,Southampton Row, W.C.! I. Narodiczky, Printer, 48, Mile End Ro&amp;d, London, E. CONTENTS. The Crown ... ... D. H. Lawrence,The Little Governess ... Matilda Berry.There If as a Little Man John Middleton Murry.c • • The Crown. II. by D. H. Lawrence. The Lion beat the UnicomAnd drove him ont of town.Life is a travelling to the edge of knowledge, then a leaptaken. We cannot know beforehand, We are driven frombehind, always as over the edge of the precipice.It is a leap taken, into the beyond, as a lark leaps intothe sky a fragment of earth which travels to be fused out,sublimated, in the shining of the heavens.But it is not death. Death is neither here nor there.Death is a temporal, relative fact. In the absolute, it meansnothing. The lark falls from the sky and goes running backto her nest. This is the ebb of the wave. The wave of earthfiung up in spray, a lark, a cloud of larks, against the whitewave of the snn. The spray of earth and the foam of heavenare one, consummated, a rainbow mid-way, a song. The larksreturn to earth, the rays go back to heaven. But these areonly the shuttles that weave the iris, the song, mid-way, inabsoluteness, timelessness.Out of the dark, original flame issues a tiny green flicker,a weed coming alive. On the edge of the bright, ultimate»spiritual flame of the heavens is revealed a fragment of iris, atouch of green, a weed coming into being. The two fiâmessurge and intermingle, casting up a crest of leaves and stems,their battlefield, their meeting-ground, their marriage bed, theembrace becomes closer, more unthinkably vivid, it leaps toclimax, the battle grows fiercer, fiercer, intolerably, till thereis the swoon, the climax, the consummation, the little yellowdisk gleams absolute between heaven and earth, radiant of both eternities, framed in the two infinities. Which is a weed,' ?a sow-thistle bursting into blossom. And we, the foreshore inwhom the waves of dark and light are unequally seething, weean see this perfection, this absolu te, as time opens to discloseit for a moment, like the Dove that hovered incandescent fromheaven, before it is closed again in utter timelessness,"But the wind passeth over it and is gone."The wind passes over it and we are gone. It is timewhich blows in like a wind, ont of either eternity, a windwhich has a source and an issue, which swirls past the lightof this absolute, like waves past a lighted buoy. For the lightis not temporal nor eternal, but absolute. And we, who aretemporal and eternal, at moments only we cease from ourtemporality. In these our moments we see the sow-thistlegleaming, light within darkness, darkness within light, con- summated, we are with the song and the iris.And then it is we, not the iris, not the song, who areblown away, We are blown for a moment against the yellowlight of the window, the flower, then on again into the darkturmoil.We have made a mistake, We are like travellers travel- ling in a train, who watch the country pass by and pass awav,all of us who watch the sun setting, sliding down into extinc- tion, we are mistaken. It is not the country which passes byand fades, it is not the sun which sinks to oblivion. Neitheris it the flower that withers, nor the song that dies out.It is we Avho are carried past in the seethe of mortality-The flower is timeless and beyond condition. It is we whoare swept on in the condition of time. So we shall be sweptas long as time lasts. Death is no part of the story. Butwe have being also in timelessness, we shall become again ab- solute, as we have been absolute, as we are absolute.We know that we are purely absolute. We know in thelast issue we are absolved from ail opposition. We know weare never purely relative. Timelessness is our fate, and timeis subordinate to our fate. But time is eternal. And the life of man is like a flower that cornes into blos- som and passes away. In the beginning, the light touches thedarkness, the darkness touches the light, and the two einbrace.They embrace in opposition, only in their desire is there un- animity. There are two separate statements, the dark wantsthe light, and the light wants the dark. But these two state- ments are contained within the one "They want each other.And this is the condition of absoluteness, this condition oftheir wanting each other, that which makes light and darkone and whole even in opposition. The interrelation betweenthem, this is constant and absolute, let it be called love orhate or what it may. It is ail the things that it can becalled.In the beginning, light touches darkness and darknesstouches light. Then life has begun. The light enfolds andimplicates and in volves the dark, the dark receives and inter- penetrates the light, they come nearer, they are more finelycombined, till they burst into the erisis of oneness, the blos- som, the utter being, the transcendent and timeless flame ofthe iris.Then time passes on. Out of the swoon the waves ebbback, dark towards the dark, light towards the light. Theyebb back and away, the leaves return unto the darkness ofearth, the quivering glimmer of substance returns into thelight, the green of the last wavering iris disappears, the wavesebb apart, further, further, further.Yet they never separate. The whole flood recedes, thetides are going to separate. And they separate entirely, savefor one enfolded ripple, the tiny, silent, scarce visible en- folded pools of the seeds. These lie potent, the meeting-gro- und, the well-head wherein the tides will surge again, whenthe turn cornes.This is the life of man. In him too the tides sweep to- gether towards the utter consummation, the consummationwith the darkness, the consummation with the light, flesh and spirit, one culminating crisis, when mail passes into timeless- ness and absoluteness.The residue of imperfect fusion and unfulfilled desire re- mains, the child, the well-head where the tides will flow inagain, the seed. The absolute relation is never fully revealed.It leaps toits maximum of révélation in the flower, the ma- ture life. But some of it rolls aside, lies potent in the enfoldedseed My desire is fulfilled, I, as individual am become time- less and absolute, perfect, But the whole desire of which Iam part remains yet to be consummated. In me the twowaves clash to perfect consummation. But immediately uponthe clash come the next waves of the tide rippling in, theripples, forerunners, which tinily meet and enfold each other,the seed, the unborn child. For we are ail waves of the tide-But the tide con tains ail the waves.It may be that waves which meet and mingle come tono consummation, only a confusion and a swirl and a fallingaway again. These are the myriad lives of human beingswhich pass in confusion of nothingness. The uncreated lives.There are myriads of human lives that are not absolute nortimeless, myriads that just waver and toss temporality, neverbecome more than relative, never come into being. They haveno being, no immortality. There are myriads of plants thatnever come to flower, but which perish away for ever, alwaysseparated in the fringe of time, never united, never consumm- ated, never brought forth.I know I am compound of two waves, I, who am tem- poral and mortal. When lam timeless and absolute, ail dual- ity has vanished. But whilst I am temporal and mortal, Iam framed in the struggle and embrace of the two oppositewaves of darkness and of light.There is the wave of light in me which seeks the dark- ness, which has for its goal the Source and the Beginning, forits God the Almighty Creator to Whom is ail power and glory.Thither the light of the seed of man struggles and aspires,into the infinité darkness, the womb of ail création. What way is it that leads me on to the Source, to theBeginning ? It is the way of flesh, the senses. Down the roadof the senses, further and further into the darkness, I cometo the Almighty God who was in the beginning, is now, andever shall be. I come to the Almighty God. I am receivedbaek into the utter darkness of the Creator, I am once againwith Him.This is a consummation, a becoming eternal. This is anarrivai into eternity. But eternity is only relative.I can become one with god, consummated into eternity,by taking the road down the senses into the utter darkness,till I am one with the darkness, beyond knowledge of anyopposite.It is thus, seeking consummation in the utter darkness,that I come to the woman. She is the doorway, she is thedark eternity. When I put my hand on her, my heart beatswith a passion of fear and ecstasy, for I touch my own pas- sing away, my own ceasing-to-be, my own consummation in adarkness which obliterates me in its infinity. My veins rockas if they were being destroyed, the blood takes fire on theedge of oblivion, and beats backward and forward. I resist,yet I am compelled; the woman resists, yet she is compelled.And we are the relative parts dominated by the strange com- pulsion of the absolute.Gradually my veins relax their gâtes, gradually the rock- ing blood goes forward, quivers on the edge of oblivion, thenyields itself up, passes into the borderland of oblivion. Oh,and then I would die, I would quickly die, to have ail know- ledge at once, to come instantly to pure, eternal oblivion, con- summation. But patience is fierce at the bottom of me ; fierce,indomitable, abiding patience. So my blood goes forth inshock after shock of delirious passing-away, in shock aftershock entering into consummation, till my soul is slipping itsmoorings, my mind, my will fuses down, I melt out and amgone into the eternal darkness, the primai darkness reigns, andI am no t. Shoek after shock of ecstasy and the anguish of ecs- tasy, death after death of trespass into the unknown, till I falldown into the flame, I lapse into the intolerable flame, a pal- lid shadow I am transfused into the flux of unendurable dark- ness, and am gone. No spark nor vestige remains within thesupreme dark flow of the flame, I am contribnted again tothe immortal source.Till new-created I am thrown forth again on the shoreof création, warm and lus trous, goodly, new-born from thewomb out of which ail time has issued.And then, new-born on the knees of darkness, new-issuedfrom the womb of eternity, I open my eyes to the light andknow the goal, the end, the light which stands over the endof the journey, the everlasting day, the oneness of the spirit.The new journey, the new life has begun, the travellingto the opposite eternity, to the infinité light of the Spirit, theconsummation in the Spirit.My source and issue is in two eternities, I am foundedin the two infinities. But absolute is the rainbow that goesbetween, the iris of my very being.It may be, however, that the seed of light never propa- gates within the darkness, that the light in me is sterile, thatI am never re-born within the womb, the Source, to be issuedtowards the opposite eternity.It may be there is a great inequality, disproportion, with- in me, that I am nearly ail darkness, like the night, with afew glimmers of cold light, moonlight, like the tiger withwhite eyes of reflected light brindled in the flame of dark- ness. Then I shall return again and again to the womb ofthe darkness, avid, never satisfied, my spirit will fall unfertileinto the womb, will never be conceived there, never broughtforth. I shall know the one consummation, the one directiononly, into the darkness. It will be with me forever the al- most, almost, almost, of satisfaction, of fulfllment. I shallknow the one eternity, the one infinité, the one immortality,I shall have partial being; but never the whole, never the full. There is an infinité which does not know me. I amalways relative, always partial, always, in the last issue, un- consummate.The barren "womb can never be satisfied, if the quick ofdarkness be sterile within it. But neither can the unfertileloins be satisfied, if the seed of light, of the spirit, be deadwithin them. They will return again and again and again tothe womb of darkness, asking, asking, and never satisfied.Then the unconsummated soul, unsatisfied, uncreated inpart, will seek to make itself whole by bringing the wholeworld under its one order, will seek to make itself absoluteand timeless by devouring its opposite. Adhering to the oneeternity of darkness, it will seek to devour the eternity oflight. Realising the one infinité of the Source, it will endeav- our to absorb intoits oneness the opposite infinité of theGoal. This is the infinité with its tail in its mouth.Consummated in one infinité, and one alone, this soulwill assert the oneness of ail things, that ail things are onein the One Infinité of the Darkness, of the Source, One isone and ail alone and ever more shall be so. This is the cryof the Soul consummated in one eternity only.There is one eternity, one infinité, one God. "Thou shalthave no other god before me."But why this Commandment, unless there were in truthanother god, at least the equal of Jehovah ?Consummated in the darkness only, having not enoughstrength in the light, the partial soul cries out in a convul- sion of insistence that the darkness alone is infinité and eter- nal, that ail light is from the small, contained sources, thelamps lighted at will by the desire of the Creator, the sun, themoon and stars. These are the lamps and candies of the Al- mighty, which He blows out at will. These are little portionsof spécial darkness, darkness transfigured, these lights.There is one God, one Creator, one Almighty; there isone infinité and one eternity, it is the infinité and the eternityof the Source. There is One Way: it is the Way of the Law. There is one Life, the Life of Création, there is one Goal, theBeginning, there is one immortality, the immortality of thegreat I AM. Ail is God, the One God. Those who deny thisare to be stamped out, tortnred, tortured for ever.It is possible then to deny it.Having declared the One God, then the partial sonl, ful- filled of the darkness only, proceeds to establish this God onearth, to devour and obliterate ail else.Rising from the darkness of consummation in the flesh,with the woman, it seeks to establish its kingdom over ail theworld. It strides forth, the lord, the master, strong for mas- tery. It will dominate ail, ail, it will bring ail under the rulesof itself, of the One, the Darkness lighted with the lamps ofits own choiee.Darkness slays darkness and light alike, so that it mayassert its own infinité and its own lamps. The night of starsand moon and that greater star, the sun, devours the nightof clouds and obscurity, devours the assertion of the day. Itis David slaying the dark, cloudy Goliath, it is David destroy- ing his enemies, the enemies of the lord, the powers of cloudydarkness, it is David taking Bathsheba and sendin» Uriah todeath, it is David dancing naked before the Ark, assertingthe oneness, his own oneness, the one infinity, himself, theone God, I AM. And David never went in unto Michal anymore, because she jeered at him. So that she was barrenail her life.But it was David who really was barren. Michal, whenshe mocked, moeked the sterility of David. For the spirit inhim was blasted with unfertility; he could not become bornagain, he could not be conceived in the spirit. Michal, thewomb of profound darkness, could not conceive to the over- weak seed of David's spirit. David's seed was too much ofdarkness, it bred and begot prépondérant darkness. The floodof darkness set in after David, the lamps and candies beganto gutter.It is this unfertility of spirit which sends man raging to The woman, and sends him raging away again, unsatisfied. Itis not the woman's barrenness : it is his own. Clytemnestramurdered Agamemnon because of his intrinsic sterility.This is the course of the barren spirit, to assert One God,one Way, one Glory, the glory of power and might. And thisOne God is indeed God, this one Way is the way, the oneGlory is an eternal glory. But only part, half. The other halfis denied.The One God of Power and Might and Glory, this isDavid who slays Goliath and dances naked before the Arkthis is Agamemnon who sacrifices Iphegenia and départs forthe glory of killing, the splendour of the Trojan war; it isthe later ecstasy of naked Dionysos, it is bread and circusesof Rome, it is Napoléon, with his conquests, his "vite, unefemme," his ermine and his self-display. It is ail the samething, and al way s the same thing.It is the unfertility of the spirit giving utter supremacy,absoluteness to the flesh, the flesh conscious and unconscious.The night has its lights, the flesh its own consciousness, itsown accomplished righteousness. But this righteousness takesthe form of Law, it is given absoluteness and finality.So David with his righteousness, Agamemnon with hisbad justice, Caesar with his clemency and largeness, Napoléonwith his Code. They are ail genuine, and sincere, and fair.But it is the assertion of the one infinité, the Source, theBeginning, the God Almighty who has established Créationupon pôles of Law, for ever.They ail die in anguish of grief and failure, or by murder.They have asserted the part as the whole.They are the lions of the world, who devour ail virginity,devour the wh'te light of the End, of that which shall be, otherthan what is, devour it ail up into that which IS, which IS,and is eternal, absolute. The unicorn, defender of the unbornSpirit, they drive out of town.They are the lions, they have their lights and their lamps,their eyes are golden. But there are also the tigers. These are pure and unbroached. Their light is indeed the light of dark- ness made visible, a phosphorescence, a moonlight, Dionysic.They are purely of the One, the Other has no part in them.They devour the gentlest creatures, the creatures of thespirit. Foes they hâve none, only prey.They are supreme, perfect, supremely beautiful, the purerévélation of one eternity, pure, terrible in its awful concent- ricity, its awful swoon into conclusiveness that is never eventhen conclusive, never free, never absolute, always tense withfierce obliviousness. They are perfect in their singleness, butthey are trembling, they are brindled shadows wavering backinto the utter darkness. Their eyes are concentrated uponoblivion. Soon the last light will go out of their night, andthey will be back in the dark source, gone.They are the foot of the rainbow, the last band of irisstanding upon the eternal night. They are the last bandedripples that pass into infinité darkness, the last ebbing out oflight, the last tremor of the dark infinité, before it is atpeace again. The Cittle Governess. by Matilda Berry. Oh dear, how she wished that it was'nt riight-time. She'dhave much rather travelled by day, mucli much rather. Butthe lady at the Governess Bureau had said: "You had bet- ter take an evening boat and then if you get into a com- partiment for "Ladies Only" in the train you will be far saferthan sleeping in a foreign hôtel. Don't go out of the car- riage ; don't walk about the corridors and be sure to lock thelavatory door if you go there. The train arrives at Munichat eight o'clock and Frau Arnholdt says that the HôtelGriinewald is only one minute away. A porter can take youthere. She will arrive at six the same evening, so you will have anice quiet day to rest after the journey and rub up your Ger- man. And when you want anything to eat I would adviseyou to pop into the nearest baker's and get a bun and somecoffee. "You haven't been abroad before, have you ?" "No.""Well, I always tell my girls that it's better to mistrust peo- ple at first rather than trust tliem, and it's safer to suspectpeople of evil intentions rather than good ones... it soundsrather hard but we've got to be women of the world, have'ntwe ?"It had been nice in the Ladies' Cabin. The stewardesswas so kind and changed lier money for lier and tucked upher feet. She lay on one of the hard pink-sprigged couchesand watched the other passengers, friendly and natural, pin- ning tlieir hats to the bolsters, taking off their boots and skirts, opening dressing-cases and arranging mysterious rus- tling little packages, tying their heads up in veils beforelying down. Thud. thud, thud, went the steady screw of thesteamer. The stewardess pulled a green shade over tlie lightand sat down by the stove, lier skirt turned back over lierknees, a long piece of knitting on lier lap. On a slielf a- bove lier head there was a water bottle with a tight bunchof flowers stuck in it. "I like travelling very much," thoughtthe little governess. She smiled and yielded to the warmrocking.But wlien the boat stopped and she went up on deck,her dress-basket in one hand, her rug and umbrella in theother, a cold strange wind flew under her liât. She lookedup at the masts and spars of the ship black against a greenglittering sky and down to the dark landing stage wherestrange muffled figures lounged, waiting ; she moved forwardwith the sleepy fiock ail knowing where to go to and whatto do except her, and she felt afraid. Just a little — jusienough to wish — oh, to wish that it was day-time and thatone of those women who had smiled at her in the glass wlienthey both did their hair in the Ladies' Oabin was somewfierenear now. 'Tickets please. Show your tickets. H ave yourtickets ready.' She went down the gangway balancing lier- self carefully on lier Iseels. Then a man in a black leathercap came forward and touched her on the arm. "Where for,Miss?" He spoke English —he must be a graud or a stat- ion-master with a cap like that. She had scarcely answeredwlien he pounced on her dress-basket. "This way," he sliouted,in a rude, determined voice, and elbowing his way he strodepast the people. "But I don't want a porter." What a hor- rible man! "I don't want a porter. I want to carry itmyself." She had to run to keep up with liim and her anger,far st ronger tlian she, ran before her and snatched the bagoutof the wretch's hand. Pie paid no attention at ail, but swungon down the long dark platform, and across a railway line,'lie is a robber.' She was sure lie was a robber as she step- ped between the silvery rails and felt the cinders crunchunder lier slioes. On the otlier side — oh, thank goodoess !— there was a train with Munich written on it. The manstopped by the linge lighted carriages. "Second class r" askedthe insolent voice. "Yes, a Ladies' compartment." She wasquite out oî breath ; she opened lier little purse to flnd some- thing small enough to give this horrible man while lie tossed.lier dress-basket into the rack of an empty carriage that hada ticket, Dames k.eules, gummed on the window. She got intothe train and lianded him twenty centimes. "What's this?sliouted the man, glaring at the money and then at lier,holding it up to his nose, sniffing at it as though lie had11ever in his life seen, much less held, sucliasum. "It's a franc.You know that, don't you ? It's a franc. That's 111 y fare !A franc! Did he imagine that she was going to give liima franc for playing a trick like tliat just because she was agirl and travelling alone at niglit. Kever-ne ver ! She squeez- ed lier purse in lier hand and sirnply did not see him shelooked at a view of St. Malo on the wall opposite and sirn- ply did not hear him. "Ah, no. Ah, no. Four sous. Youmake a mistake. Here, take it. It's a franc I want." Heleapt 011 to the step of the train and threw the money on tolier lap. Trembling with t&lt;error she screwed herself tight,tight, and put out an icy hand and took the money stowedit away in lier hand. "That's ail you're going to get," shesaid. For a minute or two she felt his sliarp eyes pricking lierail over, while he nodded slowly, pulling down his mouth :"Ve-ry well. Trrrès bienHe shrugged his shoulders anddisappeared into the dark. Oh, the relief ! How simply ter- rible that had been ! As she stood up to feel if the dress- basket was firm she cauglit sight of herself in the mirror,quite white, with big round eyes. She untied lier 'motor veiland unbuttoned lier green cape. "But it s ail over now, shesaid to the mirror face, feeling in some way that it was morefrightened than she.People began to assemble on the platform. They stood together in little groups talking ; a strange light from thestation lamps painted their faces almost green. A little boyin red clattered up with a huge tea wagon and leaned againstit, whistling and flicking his boots with a serviette. A wo- man in a black alpaca apron puslied a barrow with pillowsfor h ire. Dreamy and vacant she looked — like a womanwheeling a perambulator— up and down, up and down—witha sleeping baby inside it is. Wreaths of white smoke floatedup from somewhere and hung below the roof like misty vines."How strange it ail is," thought the little governess, "and themiddle of the night, too." She looked ont from lier safe corner,frightened no longer but proud that she bad not given thatfranc. "I can look after myself —of course I can. The greatthing is not to—" Suddenly from the corridor there camea stamping of feet and men's voices, high and broken withsnatches of loud laughter. They were coming lier way. Thelittle governess sbrank into her corner as four young menin bowler hats passed, staring through the door and window.One of them, bursting with the joke, pointed to the notice''Dames Seules' and the four bent down the better to see theone little girl in the corner. Oh dear, they were in the ear- riage next door. She heard them tramping about and thena sudden hush followed by a tall tliin felîow with a tinyblack moustache who flung her door open. "If mademoisellecares to come in with us," he said, in French. She saw theothers crowding behind him, peeping under his armand overhis slioulder, and she sat very straight and still. "If madem- oiselle will do us the lionour," mocked the tall man. Oneof them could be quiet no longer ; his laughter went off ina loud crack. "Mademoiselle is serious," persisted the youngman, bowing and grimacing. He took off his liât with aflourish and she was alone again. "En voiture. En voi-ture !"Some one ran up and down beside the train. "I wish it wasn'tnight-time. I wish there was another woman in the carriage.I'm frightened of the men next door." The little governesslooked out to see her porter coming back again — the same man making for her carriage with his arms full of luggage.But — but what was he doing? He put his thumb-nail underthe label Dames Seules and tore it right off and then stoodaside squinting at her while an old man wrapped in a plaidcape climbed up the high step. "But tliis is a Ladies' com- partment." "Oh, no, Mademoiselle, you make a mistake. "No,no, I assure you. Merci, Monsieur." "En voi-turre !" A shrillwhistle. The porter stepped off triumphant and the trainstarted. For a moment or two big tears brimmed her eyesand through them she saw the old man unwinding a scarffrom his neck and untying the flaps of his jaeger cap. Helooked very old. Ninety at least. He had a white moustacheand big gold-rimmed spectacles with little blue eyes beliindthem and pink wriukled c-heeks. A nice face — and charm- ing the way he bent forward and said in halting French :"Do I disturb you, Madamoiselle ? Would you rather I tookail these things out of the rack and found another carriage?"Wbat! that old man have to move ail those heavy thingsjust because she "Mo, it's quite alright. You don't dis- turb me at ail." "Ah, a thousand thanks." He sat down op- posite her and unbuttoned the cape of his enormous coatand flung it off liis shoulders.The train seemed glad to have left the station. With along leap it sprang into the dark. She rubbed a place in thewindow with her glove but she could see nothing — just atree outspread like a black fan or a scatter of lights, orthe line of a hill, solemn and huge. Jn the carriage nextdoor the young men started singing "Un, deux, troisTheysang the same song over and over at the tops of theirvoices.I never would have dared to go to sleep if I had beenalone, she decided. I couldn't have put m y feet up oreven taken off m y hat. The singing gave her a queer littletremble in her stomach and hugging lierself to stop it withher arms crossed under her cape she felt really glad to havethe old man in the carriage with her. Careful to see that He was not looking she peeped at liim tbrougli her longlashes. Ile sat extremely upriglit, the cliest thrown out, thechin well in, knees pressed together, reading a German pa- per. That was why lie spoke French so funnily. He was aGerman. Something in the army, she supposed — a Oolonelor a General — once of course, not now ; he was too old forthat now. How spick and span he looked for an old nian.He wore a pearl pin stuck in his biack tie and a ring witha dark red stone 011 his little finger; the tip of a white silk liand- kerchief showed in the pocket of his double-breasted jacket.—Somehow, altogether, he was really ni ce to look at. Most oldmen were so horrid. She couldn't bear them doddery —orthey had a disgusting cougli or something. But not havinga beard— that made ail the différence — and then his cheekswere so pink and his moustache so very white. Down wentthe German paper and the old man leailed forward with thesame delightful courtesy : "Do you speak German, Mademoi- selle?" "Ja, ein wenig, mehr aïs Franzosiseh," said thelittle governess, blusliing a deep pink colour that spreadslowly over lier cheeks and made her blue eyes look almostblack. "Ach, so !" The old man bowed gracions] y. "Thenperhaps you would care to look at some illustrated papers."He slipped a rubber band from a little roJl of them and hand- ed them across. "Thank you very much." She was veryfond of looking at pictnres, but lirst she would take off herhat and gloves. So she stood up, unpinned the brown strawand put it neatly in the rack beside the dress-basket, strip- ped off lier brown kid gloves, paired them in a tight rollandput them in the crown of the hat for safety, and then satdown again, more comfortably this time, her feet crossed,the papers on her lap. How kindly the old man in the cor- ner watched her bare little hand turning over the big whitepages, watched lier lips moving as she pronounced the longwôrds to lierself, rested upon her liair that fairly blazed underthe light. Alas ! how tragic for a little governess to possess hairthat made one tliink of tangcrines and marigclds, of apricots and tortoiseshell cats aiul Champagne ! Perhaps tliat waswhat tlie old man was thinking as he gazed and gazed, andtliat not even the dark ugly clothes could disguise lier softbeauty. Perhaps tlie flush that licked his cheeks and lipswas a flush of rage that an yo ne so young and tender shouldhave to travel alone and unproteeted through the niglit. Whoknows he was not murmuring in his sentimental Germanfashion : "Ja, es ist eine Tragoedie ! Would to God I were thechild's grandpapa !""Thank you very much. They were very interesting."She smiled prettily handing baek the papers. "But you speakGerman extremely well," said the old man. "You have beenin Germany before, of course?" "Oli no, this is the firsttime" — a little pause, then — "this is the first time thatI have ever been abroad at ail." "Really ! lam surprised.You gave me the impression, if I may say so, that you wereaccustomed to travelling." "01), weli — I have been about agood deal in England, and to Scotland, once." "So. I myselfhave been in England once, but I could not learn English."lie raised one hand and shook his head, laughing. "No, it wastoo difficult for me- 'Ow-do-you-do. Please vich is ze vayto Leicestaire Squaare'." She laughed, too. "Foreigners al- ways say..." They liad quite a little talk aboutit. "But youwill like Munich," said the old man, "Munich is a wonderfuicity. Muséums, pictures, galleries, fine buildings and shops,concerts, theatres, restaurants — ail are in Munich. I havetravelled ail over Europe many, many times in my life, butit is always to Munich that I return. You will enjoy your- self there." "I am not going to stay in Munich," said thelittle governess, and she added shyly, "I am going to a postas governess to a doctor's family in Augsburg." "Ah, thatwas it." Augsburg he knew. Augsburg — well — was notbeautiful. A solid manufaeturing town. But if Germany wasnew to lier he hoped she would find something interestingthere too. "I am sure I shall." "But what a pity not to seeMunich before you go. You ought to take a little holiday on your way" — he smiled — "and store up some pleasant me- mories." lam afraid I could not do that, said the littlegoverness, shaking her head, suddenly important and serious."And also, if one is a10ne..." He quite understood. Hebowed, serious too. Tliey were silent aîter that. The trainshattered on, baring its darlc, flaming breast to the hills andto the valleys. It was warm in the carriage. She seemedto lean against the dark rushing and to be carried awayand away. Little sounds made themselves heard ; steps inthe corridor, doors opening and shutting — a murmur of voi- ces — whistling... then the window was pricked with longneedles of rain... But it did not matter... it was outside...and she had her umbrella... she pouted, sighed, opened andshut her hands once and fell fast asleep. There was a Cittle Man... II. By John Middleton Murry. I should be freely doing. And that I suppose is the endof it ail — free activity, active freedom. The words begin tofascinate me, spinning round and echoing musically in mybrain. A moment and they are the shining key to ail things ;another moment and they are the barren echo of my own tu- multuous blood. But I believe they are the key, for the verythinking of the thought seems to caress me and to make mesmile. I am smiling now.Then what I seek, and the whole world with me, is aright understanding of freedom : yet not a right understandingonly, for the mind is teacher, and itself the taught. This free- dom must be embraced by the whole being, not by the mindalone. It is not freedom to achieve a purpose, for the purposeis freedom. Freedom is itself the end of freedom.Oh, I must hold you tight, for you can vanish, if mytouch be not a grasp, into the grey and vacant spaces of mymind. You must be shaped and defined, or you have no form,no beauty, no life. Yet you may not be shaped like the clayby the pressure of a hand without, else you are not freedombut a slave. Then you must be controlled gently and music- ally from within. Yours is the hand that sets your bounds,Freedom self-controlled !And you it is, my wonder Freedom, that holds me herewriting these vain and foolish words to you. I who cannotwrite save with labour, I have no labour in writing for you.Though words come slowly they come freely, my angel Free- dom, for you within me urge me on, though I sit in the roomwhere I deny you everyday and I Write with the pen thatblasphémés you in the morning, in the evening you call me to be your willing, gracious slave. Yes, I ara a slave, yourslave, Freedom my delight, for you are in me now, guidingme through strange words.Freedom, you know how I do deny you and will not writepseans such as these, and, because you knew, you smile meon to strange words and hold me back from none, for thestrange words are mine and the familiar are not my own ; forthe strange words are free and the common ones are slave,and I in you am free and no slave at ail.How long shall it be, my freedom ? Only a little space,or for years and years, unt.il having freely lived I shall freelydie ? Or to-morrow shall I look the door upon you when youknock and say that you ne ver lived within me ? But you aremine, however much I deny and blasphémé. Though the doorbe locked you will abide on the step waiting for the day whenI shall open to you again. I shall open to you, my freedom,not as a to a stranger, not as to a guest, with a shake of thehand and a smile, but joyful and sorrowful both, for I shallopen to myself.Freedom! How wonderful is your name. Your name —your name is mine. That I should have won such a name,even for a moment! And the name will never be lost, for Iam baptised and ean never be utterly cast out. I shall re- turn for ever to the fold, to the warm fold of my own heart.Miracle Freedom ! You seem to me so beautiful and socalm ; you seem to smile at me because I hasten and stumblein my running, because I am anxious and afraid that youwill dissolve from before my eyes and be gone for ever. Yousmile and are calm. Is it not, my Freedom, that you knowthat I can never lose you, that you are not standing therebeyond my touch, but grown, fashioned, breathing, smiling inme ?You are mine, my Freedom, you are me. But how shallI know you again ? lam oppressed now by the thought that,although you are me and mine, I shall not find you again.Something smiles within me with the smile you smiled just ago and says to me that there is nothing harder to find, moreterrible to hold, than my own soul — for you are my ownsoul, my freedom. Because it smiles as you smile, I believeit. How long will it be before I shall find you again ?Shall I open the door night after night and see nothingbut the dark, with the wind in my ears and the rain beatingand blinding my eyes, so that even though you lie on thestep of my door I shall not see you, even though I call throughthe storm you will not hear ? Oh, my Freedom, why shouldthe door of my heart ever be locked against you ? And yetI know that it will be locked, even if it be only to open again.And in the space between you will be gone.Shall I find you again, my Freedom ? Will you comebravely into the house of my heart and sit by the fire ; — brave- ly, because I welcomed you once, when you were a strangerand unknown, and you smiled at me so sweetly and gravelythat I wrote these words to you. Was it strange that I wrote,and strange that I could not forbear to smile on you as yousmiled on me ? Because it was strange, will you remember theroad and the house again, will you know that from this nightand ever on I shall set a candie in my window that you maysee the light and come ?For you are mine, my Freedom, you are me. You can- not go and knock at another's door and sit by his fire andsmile while he makes music to you. Freedom, tell me youare mine.You will not say. Because you will not say, I doubt a- gain. May be you are not mine. May be you are not Free- dom but some spirit that comes to me as Freedom, and yoursmile is meant only to mock me, May be there are other housesand other lights to guide you. May be you strayed from theway, and as you came tired along the road you saw that mydoor was open a little and a thin crack of light showed out.For my door was opened a little. May be you heard me pul- ling at the rusty latch. tugging at the handle, for the hingeswere old and set. May be you came only to deceive me. Oh, Freedom, I did not look for you. I sought only toopen the door and look what might be beyond. Yet you came.No, my Freedom, you are not mine. I have no right to you— and you are leaving me now...And now here I am in the morning, wondering whetherit has worn off and whether it could have been really worthwhile, Strange the discoveries one may make in rummagingthe cellars of one's soul. And how hard it is to décidé wheth- er the things I find there are my own. They are so odd andunfamiliar that they frighten me a little. I am more than alittle dubious of that outpouring. It was hardly what I shouldhave expected of myself, seeing that three years of gentleman -ly blasphemy have turned me into a blasphemous little gentle- man. No, I should not have expected it."Personal truth," said my philosophical Adam."Damn personal truth," I said. "Can't you see its hardlythe thing to say of a wonderful woman. I don't think I woulddare to say to my beloved after a miracle night together,'Thank you for the pleasant evening !' I tell you, I wouldrather say nothing at ail, Adam.""Oh, call her Freedom then, I don't care. Though whyyou should always be put off by some woman or other whenyou really are beginning to get at things, I can't understand...You are serious, aren't you ? Why can't you stay serious ?"I don't like Adam this morning. I'm very glad he's gone,slamming the door behind him. But he shouldn't have leftthat souvenir tendre with me,"Am I serious ?"I wonder. But you visitor of last night, you have taughtme something. You don't like Adam yourself, I know; andso you whispered to me how I might beat him, playing hisown game."Come back, Adam !... Tell me. Is it a good thing tobe serious ?""It ail depends what you mean by a good thing"."You unregenerate... To hell with your 'depends.' You know what the good thing is. I don't mind even if you callher Personal Truth. She answered to tlie name last night afterail. But I don't believe she will come again unless you callher rightly — darling Freedom, Angel Freedom, wonder Free- dom. (Turn back my pages, Adam, and you will find a notintolerable choice.) But you hâve a prejudice. Well, we won'tquarrel. I will say Personal Truth with my lips and whisperAngel Freedom in my heart. But tell me now, Adam... No,I see you want to go, standing impatient on the thresholdthere... But answer this first. You came back of your owndesire. I didn't abuse you for slamming the door. Tell me,is it good to be serious when my Delight holds her lips warmto my ear and whispers : "Don't be cold or cruel" — forgiveme, Adam — when personal truth (what a harridan she seems !)forbids ?"Adam has slammed the door again, twice as loud. I hadno idea he could be so pettish. He always seemed so calmand dignified. He always impressed me: now I've begun tosuspect that he oppressed me as well. Yet Angela say s thathe is very like me. Perhaps he is : but I can't believe it.Anyhow I hate him to-day.I think it must of been Adam who said to Angela aboutthe money : "Put it in the bank !" It was Adam she kissedin the cupboard, while he held a plate of lemons in one handand a dish of apples in the other, It was Adam said : "Buyher. She won't be more than a hundred twelve pounds. Nine- ty-nine more !" It wasn't Adam said that he would put acandie in the window so that she might see her way.And I don't see very well how I could say to her, "I'il payyou twelve pounds." She wasn't wearing ver y much, if she waswearing anything : and if she was weariug anything, I knowthere wasn't room for a pocket. And I don't think she wouldcare to read my pass-book instead of talking to me.Now that I come to think of it, I don't believe that any- one will understand a word of this. And yet there's 110 gettingaway from it that I am writing to be understood. How can anybody understand, when here am I rushing three strangepeople out the wings, without a word of warning on the pro- gramme ?I know there's nobody watching except the illustriouspaper in the stalls. I can see they haven't brought anywomenfolk with them because they knew it would be boring.And I must confess it was rather foolish of me to send themtickets for "A Play without a Title, Actors at present Unknown,Programmes to be obtained after the Performance." No won- der they are going — and I can't even run after them with asigned photograph of my leading lady for their Sunday the- atrical page."I don't remember that there was a leading lady," saidthe Old Man with a Beard in the corner seat.It's kind of him to speak out loud like that. There'snobody else left in the theatre, and it would be lonely with- out a voice."Perhaps you were asleep," I venture."Perhaps I was," he acquiesces, so gently that I like him."But couldn't you bring her on again ?"I knew he would ask me that. I was afraid, yet certainthat the question would corne."She might come," I say timidly, "with a little persuasion ;but she's — varium et mutabile semper""Young man," — there was a new sternness in his voice—"I stayed here because the seats are comfortable, and be- cause I don't believe you are quite such a fool as you look ;but if you give me any of your Oxford back-chat, I'il leavethe house this minute. I'd have you know I paid to come in.""Paid ?" I stammer."I tell you I paid half-a-crown.""Are you sure .. you paid to hear me ? There are othersbefore me. Perhaps you came too late, mistook the time?""For God's sake say what you have to say, young man,without ail this palaver !"'Tm not quite sure whether..." "Come, come... I've not been asleep ail the while. Youwere talking to someone just now. Who was she? I'd liketo make her acquaintance. Then there was that fellow Adam— and Angela — very attractive. Who the devil are they ail ?""It would take a long tïme...""Yes, y es... but tell me, do they ail live with you?""I don't exactly know...""You don't know whether you have two women living withyou ! Don't know ! What the devil do you mean, don't know !""I mean," I stammer, "I've never seen them in the sameroom at the same time...""You mean..." The Old Man spoke in a whisper, Quickly,hands invisible in the darkness were pulling the dust coversover the plush chairs. "You mean... Yery interesting, veryinteresting indeed !"I nodded. "Of course I can't say... but it is conceivable."The Old Man nodded too. For a moment I thought hewas pondering. Then I felt sure that he was nodding in sleep.But a thick low voice came through his beard, I could scarc- ely hear a word, but I fancied that I could distinguish "Go on !""Did you say," I shouted, "that I was to go on ?""Fes!" he roared, and instantly fell asleep.And he hadn't asked me who they were — the Angel,Adam and Angela. Since there's no-one else to ask, whythere's surely no need to tell. But to get on, that's more ofa business.Yes, decidedly a business. I am never sure that it's notbecomîng nonsense. Yet if Igo down and sit by the Old Man,there will be no one to talk on the stage. Not the Angel norAngela nor Adam — none of them will come on, unless I amthere to push them. Certainly the Angel came without hav- ing to be pushed exactly ; but she must have seen I was there.And if I go down to sit with the Old Man, she won't be ableto tell which is which. It's very dark down there. Ail thedust covers are on. Ail the stage lights are off. It's verydark everywhere. I know why the stage lights are off. Adam has told memany times that I shall never be able to do anything with- out the illumination of a général idea. I haven't a single onenow; and I am afraid that if I wait in the dark even theOld Man will creep away,Yes, to get on.Well, there was that about Personal Truth.At least I hâve turned the lights on again... But theyare too bright, too hard. The covered chairs are sordid asthe parlour of a Bloomsbury boarding-house. The Old Man'scheeks are yellow and lank. I hate this light.Angel Freedom !It is dark again. I would rather talk softly with you inthe dark than speak of Personal Truth in the light of a thou- sand lamps. The light blinds me. I can see in the dark.I was ready to see you and speak with you in the dark,when another thought came to me, an ugly, mean thought,that I am writing this ; that this is mine ; that I would gonow and read it ail, and wait in the anxious certainty thatAngela would say: "But that is really very good."I am a weak vessel, my Angel Freedom. I sit with theOld Man and clap my exits and my entrances. You have nouse for such as me."No use for such as me ; no use for such as me." Theracing clock ticks it again and again, and I begin to blas- phémé against you.That I will not. I will déclaré an interlude. It is noton the programme; but I am writing the programme now.The Old Man will not awake, for we will not turn on thosehateful lights again.Angela said: "Let's go for a little walk in the garden."1 hesitated, for I was not sure that I had the right togive myself an interlude,"Right ?" whispered the Angel."Right ! What about duty ?" said Adam."Come now," said Angela. So I went, wondering whcther the Oltl Mail woulcl bethere still on my return...Perhaps tlie interlude was too long. The Oid Man wasno longer there when I returned. It is a pity, for now itseems empty to speak to an empty house. The words willnot eome.It is in fact a pretty problem 111 Freedom. (I ara afraidAdam has been at me in the interval.) I want to go on, yetit is pain to me to go on ; and I stand on the edge of thestage shivering and tongue-tied. Somehow I have lost thethread of my oration. I cannot continue freely nor can I freelycease. The door is locked, bolted and barred. I cannot getoutside ; I will not stay witliin,Inévitable that I should become feverish and talk aboutanything.I have read a book in the interval — a long book witha pertinent title : "Of Human Bondage." It is written by aman of whom I believe no more than he compels me to be- lieve, The gist of the story is that a boy with a clubfoot, hait in soul, has ail the doors in life to open on to Free- dom. There is no doubt that that is the right theme. Wemay treat that in différent ways according to our insight andour âge ; but there has ne ver been a novel which we withinour hearts considered great, but was built according tothat plan.And yet, I am not interested whether this young manwins or fails to win his freedom. Not for 011 e single momenthas it mattered to me. Yet I should not wonder if Philip Carey(and his creator with him) should subscribe to ail that I havesaid about Freedom. Where then is the différence?For that he was bound captive to a despicable woman Idespisehim; yet then, might he not be free ? Or is my des -pite the measure of a man's capacity for freedom ? But heis not free. Are there then two kinds of freedom ?The freedom of the free man and the freedom of theslave these are two. The slave is defined by his bondage; The freeman by his aspirations, The slave is free when hismaterial fetters are broken ? the free man is free when hisaspirations are suddenly linked to his own heart. But theslave may aspire —to the freedom of a slave, "Remove theseehains and I am free." Free, only in name and to the g je,but not less a slave. For freedom is of the spirit and wonby the spirit; and whether he be bound or free the slave isthe captive of the life that is but a hard and ugly means toliving. But the free man when in the spirit he touches thehem of the garment of the spirit's freedom, leaps beyond lifeto living. He is free, and by his freedom he frees ail men.The freedom of the slave frees no man, not even himself.