Bruno's Weekly 3 3 July 1st MCMXVI naaq_1916-07-01_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 3 3 NEWS ITEM Today there was no gain on either side Illustration 1 Amantium Irae Ernest Dowson cre 3 Enver Pasha: Turkey’s National Hero Guido Bruno cre 3-5 Enver Pasha Illustration 4 The Explorer Tom Sleeper cre 5 ELEVENTH EXHIBITION JVNE-JVLY 1916 Illustration 5 People Who Have Lived in Our Village Edgar Allan Poe, American Poet Guido Bruno cre 6-8 Drawing by Carl S. Yunge Illustration 6 Elizabeth Poe, Mother of Edgar Allan Poe. Illustration 7 Virginia, Wife of Edgar Allan Poe Illustration 7 A good book and a good woman are excellent things 8 Silhouettes Florence Lowe cre 8 Dreams Not by Walt Whitman cre Vincent Starrett cre 8 "Irishman, help us against the foes of Britain. You must not hesitate to shed your blood for the sake of Humanity ." "Very sorry; John Bull, but you extracted the last drop of blood from us a long time ago." From Simplicissimus, Germany Illustration 8 Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner cre 9 Untitled Image Illustration 9 Rosa Marie James Waldo Fawcett cre 9 Sunshine of the Job-Seeker Hubert McCurrach cre 9 Contradiction of the Proverbs Gat’s Paw cre 9 Jack R. Flanagan 10-11 Untitled Image Illustration 10 Untitled Image Illustration 10 From the Sublime to the Ridiculeour. Illustration 11 THE WAITER SLIPPED VPON THE FLOOR AND.AS YOV SEE.VPSET THE BOAR Illustration 11 The Benefactor A Social Uplift Story After the German of Steven Grossman by Guido Bruno cre 12-13 Oscar Wilde, Zola, Buffalo Bill and Airships 13 Untitled Image Illustration 13 In Our Village 14-15 A few animals who loiter upon the Square Illustration 14 Emilio, Our Fruitseller Illustration 15 At the Fruit Wagon Illustration 15 "Tony" Illustration 15 The True Story of "Pirate" Kidd N. Tourneur cre 16 Nocturne Alfred Kreymborg cre 16 The Yen-Shee Eater Sadakichi Hartmann cre 17-18 Sing Song of Thoughts Florence Lowe cre 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRET ONWASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents July Ist, 1916 Copyright by Guido Bruno, July Ist, 1916. Origins matter,including all drawing*, may not be reproduced without permissionof Guido Bruno; but that permission may be assumed if creditif given to author and Bruno's Weekly. BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 3 JULY Ist, MCMXVI Vol. 11l Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno, BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, and edited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 Wash- ta^EntSenr%NSlconl°cU®matS?^C?oft2 New York. N. Y.. October 14th, 1915. under the Actof March 3d, 1897. NEWSITEMToday there was nogain on either side Amantium Irae Ernest Dowson WHEN this, our rose, is faded,And these, our days, are done,In lands profoundly shadedFrom tempest and from sun:Ah, once more come together,Shall we forgive the past,And safe from worldly weatherPossess our souls at last?Or in our place of shadowsShall still we stretch an handTo green, remembered meadows,Of that old pleasant land?And vainly there foregathered,Shall we regret the sun?The rose of love, ungathered?The bay, we have not won?Ah, child! the world's dark margesMay lead to Nevermore,The stately funeral bargesSail for an unknown shore,And love we vow to-morrow,And pride we serve to-day:What if they both should borrowSad hues of yesterday?Our pride! Ah, should we miss it,Or will it serve at last?Our anger, if we kiss it,Is like a sorrow past.While roses deck the garden,While yet the sun is high,Doff sorry pride for pardon,Or ever love go by. Enver Pasha: Turkey’s National Hero Guido Bruno Enver Pasha IN a country where family traditions are unknown, wherethe son bears a different name from the father, wherereligion forbids a man to ask questions about his wifeor his children, there it is very rarely known from whatorigin its prominent statesmen and generals come. Soit happens that men of whom the world has been talkingfor a while and who are ruling the country, appear sud- denly. Nobody knows where they come from nor howthey passed their youth. Here they are, like meteors theyappear, and in most cases disappear after a short periodof glory.Enver-Pasha—the hero of Rosna, as he was called afterthe revolution of 1908—seemed predestined to be a na- tional hero. He is a tall man about 36 years of age, withclean-cut features. He always appears cool, quiet and self-conscious. He is unselfish, audacious and full of pureidealism. He influences those under his command morethrough the example lie sets than through his orders. Heis recognized and loved by all the honest people in Turkeythat do not envy him his popularity. The time he spent in Europe (he got his military edu- cation in Germany, and lived for extended periods inFrance, Italy and Russia) was decisive not only for hisfuture career but for his countrymen and the future ofhis country- He is not one of those short-lived reformersthat tear down traditions of centuries and national cus- toms which are rooted deeply in the hearts of his race,without having better conditions prepared in their stead.Therefore, while he respects traditions long adhered to,he shows himself as a genuine Turk.In everything he says and in everything he does themen under his command follow him blindly. And themen at the green tables who are working for reforms inthe administration, in finances and in general living con- ditions, depend upon his judgment and follow his advice.One must have seen this man in full action on thebattlefield to realize that he must be the popular herohe is—the man who uses almost autocratically the troopsunder his command, but always as means to one end, therestoration of the honor of Turkish arms and of theTurkish empire.It was on March 3, 1912, after the daring night attackof Sidi-Abdullah. The Turko-Arabic lines were underheavy fire. Bullets from high above, from the quicklyerected Italian fortifications, bullets from the gunboats,here and there exploding bombs thrown from somewhereand tearing soil and rocks to pieces. Enver is kneelingamid his men behind an istikam (a sort of hurriedly cre- ated fortification). The Italians shoot well. It seems torain bullets. Suddenly Enver changes his position. Hegets up and looks at his right hip, which is crimson colored.He opens his blouse, removes nonchalantly the belt andtakes a bullet from his red, sticky underwear. He takesthe bullet with his two fingers and tlfrows it away likethe butt of a cigarette. He calls a sergeant who standsnear by and asks him to bandage the wound, acks anotherneighbor for a cigarette and resumes his old position,watching the continued fighting.And then October 18, just a few days before the peacetreaty was officially signed—one of the wildest days ofthe entire campaign! It was near Derna. Enver, ac- companied by ten men (five of his adjutants and fiveothers), not expecting an attack, reconnoitred far outsideof the vanguards of his troops. Suddenly well formedItalian skirmish lines were discovered. Enver commandedhis ten men to open fire and to hold the lines until histroops arrived. There was continuous fighting for hoursand hours. Hundreds were wounded and hundreds killed.At about 5 o'clock the sun was setting and the shootingceased. Enver sank, dead tired, to the bare chalk stones.He was exhausted and thirsty. Some one brought a largeglass of water and handed it to him. But before he put it to his lips he asked, "Are the prisoners being taken careof? Did they receive food and water?" And he issuedan order to give them Turkish clothing and saved them, in this way, from the fanaticism and cruelties of theArabians.The military qualities of Turkish soldiers were alwaysextraordinarily good. The Turk is a born warrior whodoes not know what cowardice means. To die on thebattlefield is, according to his religious belief, immediateentrance to paradise. The Turk is very healthy, frugal,never uses alcohol in any shape, is an untiring walker andan excellent sharpshooter. He likes the sense of responsi- bility or discipline. He follows blindly he who happensto be the enthusiastically revered hero of the time.The young Turks knew well what they were doingin elevating after the revolution of 1908, Prince Mo- hammed Resched-Effendi to the throne of the OsmanEmpire. The revolutionists who had abolished, in theperson of Abdul-Hamid-Khan, the stronghold of Turkey'sold regime of despotism, autocratic government and cor- ruption, realized that Turkey's salvation lay in a strongand healthy militarism. None was better fitted to benominally the ruler of Turkey and in reality the willingtool of militarism, than Prince Mohammed, a kind oldman who had never taken part in political or militaryaffairs; who had never visited Europe and who had spentthe greater part of his life as his younger brother's pris- oner in an imperial palace. The Young Turks gave himhis freedom and made him Sultan.Mohammed V., the thirty-fifth sovereign of the clanof Osman, the twenty-ninth since the conquest of Con- stantinople, Khan of Khans, Servant and Master of theCities of Mecca, Medina and Jerusalem, wears the greenturban before which every true believer bows deeply,grants audiences to the high potentiaries of his govern- ment, issues messages and proclamations which are re- spectfully read at the green tables of his councils, buthas no more influence in matters of military administra- tion and foreign politics than his younger brother, wholeads the gentle life of a dispossessed and comfortably keptprisonei* in an imperial palace. The man whose nameis in the mouths of all Turks, whose picture can befound in every coffee house, in every barber shop andon every cigarette paper; after whom boats and gardensare named, is Enver-Bey, a military genius and"the manof the hour" in the present war-Out of 6,000 men that constituted the entire Turkishnavy, 5,000 were ranked as officers. The Young Turksintroduced the European military system to their armies.All the inefficient officers were discharged. The highestauthority on German military organization, Baron von derGoltz, was commissioned to reorganize the Turkish army.Promising young men were sent to Germany to studyin the German military academies. They served yearsin the German army and returned home to join theTurkish staff of officers. The armies were newly equippedand all the modern inventions and conveniences weretaken advantage of. In 1910, Turkey had the first bigmanoeuvres.Sixty thousand men participated in this war of peace.The Sultan was present. The military attaches of allforeign nations that had witnessed these manoeuvres spokevery highly of the new Turkish militarism. Non-Ma- hometans ceased to be excluded from military service inTurkey. While Turkey took as the master for her army,Germany, she chose England, the world's predominating power at sea, to design her naval programme and trainher naval forces. English admirals spent years in theadministrative and executive departments of Turkey'snavy. They were good masters. The armament andthe fighting forces of the Turkish navy are a living proofof the good will and the ability of their pupils.After the war of 1912, Turkey doubled its military as- pirations. Enver had represented his country as militaryattache in Berlin. There he had learned how to plan,how to take precautions, how to develop the highest pos- sible qualities in men and in machines; in short, to beprepared in times of deepest peace for the bloodiest war- fare.The administration after the war seemed to be earnestin its endeavors to achieve reforms in every branch ofgovernmental administration- They seemed to be inspiredby the one desire to regulate the finances of Turkey, tohelp as much as they could toward the reorganization ofits military forces and to bring to the highest perfectionthe efficiency of the army. So they decreed autonomicrights to the different provinces to an extent not knownbefore. The complicated Turkish court system wasgreatly simplified. Strictly modern laws about landownership went into effect. Everywhere there prevaileda new spirit of liberalism.Time has demonstrated the efficiency of the YoungTurkish reforms. The heroic and successful defence ofthe Gallipoli peninsula against the greatest armada thatthe world jias ever seen, the triumph of Kut-el-Amaraand the brilliant strategy used against the Russians inAsia Minor and Persia have provoked the wonder of theworld and have astonished the enemies of Islam.The day that the Turkish empire ceased to be identi- fied with its autocratic Sultan it cbased to be "The SickMan of Europe." New hope for the patient had arisenin the Young Turk military party. And all Europeangovernments arrived at the scene. They felt the pulseof the patient and acknowledged openly or secretly, "Yes,there is a chance." The Turkish reformers—those whohad brought about this new state of affairs—knew bestwhere their chances lay in using their newly organizedmilitarism against the enemy inside of their own boundariesto fight a big fight for civic reformation unhampered byforeign politics and entanglements.Enver has one answer to every question and one con- solation for even the most intricate military or politicalsituation. "Inschallah" (As God wills). This is the an- swer he invariably gave at long arguments at the greentable in Constantinople. This is what he murmurs onthe battlefield whenever he realizes the superiority of theenemy in equipment and numbers. And to-day, if onehad a chance to put the question before him, he wouldshrug his shoulders and say "Inschallah."The late Abdul-Hamid proved himself to be a truefriend of Germany in winning access to the Orient andin opening in the East of Europe, as well as in the Orient,big commercial centres.Turkey never could become the member of an alliancewhich counted Russia among its members. After its otherschemes to get financial support had proved unsuccessfulthe Russian government began to spread its nets in theBalkans, attracted both by financial and economic interests-She had only one resource that might have enabled her to pay the foreign debt of nearly one hundred and sixty-fivemillion dollars annually,—the forced exportation of wheaton which her commercial balance depended. The princi- pal outlet for this was the Black Sea and the Dardanelles.The idea of the possession of Constaninople has beenhaunting the chief personages of the Russian governmentsince time immemorial, though officially Russia abandonedher desire for Constantinople since Witte's dream of theconquest of Turkey was shattered to pieces.In the crisis through which Turkey has been passing,the Sultan did what his chancellors and his advisers dic- tated to him. But Enver-Pasha has been the man. Enverdoes not wait for orders and he does not ask for disposi- tion. Enver does things while the others make theirconclusions as they see fit and act upon them. *The fortune of war has hitherto been on the side ofTurkey. "Inschallah" Enver will say! The Explorer Tom Sleeper. I have explored the uttermost parts of the earth and indistant lands,Have seen many strange and curious thingsYet in my travels,Have I never encountered,A thing one-thousandth part as strangeAs the heart of woman. ELEVENTH EXHIBITION JVNE-JVLY 1916 People Who Have Lived in Our Village Edgar Allan Poe, American Poet Guido Bruno Drawing by Carl S. Yunge Elizabeth Poe, Mother of Edgar Allan Poe. Virginia, Wife of Edgar Allan Poe HP HE world is curious.1 We are not satisfied to see things and admirethem. We want to know who their maker is, where hecame from and why he did it. We want to know wherehe lives and how he lives, if he takes his dinner at noontime or at evening. We want to know all about himbefore we even consider his works.We love mystery.We crave for its romantic solution. We despise sim- plicity anjd never can forgive a man who does not livetip to our expectations. 112Woe unto him who opens the cloak of mystery we havegarbed him with and proclaims loudly to the whole world:"I am just a man as you are, but I am living my ownlife apart from yours- I have my own joys. You arewelcome to share them, but I will not go out and try toinduce you to look at things with my eyes."I will not force upon you joys which should be withinyourself. I have sorrows, too, but I will not open myheart to you and add to your own burdens. If you thinkI am wrong, if you find fault with me—here I am!Punish me if necessary—but give me justice. In timeof need I took alms from your hands and I felt yourkindness to me as humiliation. But I have not lost trustin man. You shall be my judges."And they are his judges.The man who volunteers to appear before the tribunalof the people is dragged before those who claim to be hispeers. They throw mud at him. They gag him. Theyblacken his character, his motives. They dissect his lifeinto a long chain of miserable deeds. He can not com- prehend, and wrapping his cloak around him he retreatsinto his own world.Generosity of spirit and of heart is to-day just as cen- turies ago the privilege of a very chosen few. The manwho humbly offers his right cheek to him who smote hisleft will be smitten again.The work of genius is eternal. Generations after gen- erations pass critique upon it; some laud it, some condemnit. They write books and pamphlets explaining what itrepresents, what it was meant to represent. But themasterpiece is there. In the course of time it will beidentified with its creator. Malice, ill-feeling, justifiedor unjustified, will be forgotten, brushed away like leaveswhich an autumn wind has blown far away from the treeupon which they grew. Gratefulness and admiration willfill the hearts of all. They will be proud that their fathersand forefathers had among them a man inspired by thegods and privileged to leave such an inheritance to cominggenerations.They will start to build monuments to his memory,name streets and places after him and teach their childrento bow their heads reverently when they whisper his name.We love to see blood and pain and suffering to givethe world a spectacle. Just to be near to the great man,to find a place in the much desired limelight for our ownlittle insignificant ego.We torture, we nail to the cross.But there will Be a day of resurrection and of corona- tion. Edgar - Allan Poe was a self-sufficient man. All hewanted from the world was a roof over his head, somegarments, to keep himself clothed, and the daily bread forhimself and those depending on him. He was conceivedand born outside the community of man. He was isolated in his boyhood days, and he found his way back to isolationwhenever an atttempt was made to make him a memberof organized world. All the pleasures life has togrant he found in himself. The men and women withwhom he was forced to associate never played a part inhis life. He-had eyes which could see at times beyondthe veil which the gods have graciously spread over someof its wonders; he had ears which could understand thewhisperings of the trees, the howling of the winds andethereal music. He could sit for hours and dream abofttthese revelations, and his pen painted the pictures he hadconceived and it composed the music he had heard. Hewas the creator of his world which he had built aroundhimself. He did not create what others demanded- Hewas willing to let the world share his joys and he wasgrateful for the few dollars it gave him in exchange. Hedid not know monetary ambitions.He grew accustomed to traveling alone upon his ownroad. He looked at the men and women who breathed the same air with him as strange specimens of anotherworld. He did not understand them. They talked ina strange language and looked with diiferent eyes.They seemed to consume his creations for some myster- ious reason and they held the key to the storehouse oflife's necessities. They had money. Poe went to themwhenever the landlord knocked on his door or raimentwas needed and food for his table. They were just asmysterious to him as he was to them. He did not knowthat a bridge could be built and that the world neverbuilds a bridge to the man on the other side of the river.Poe died as he had lived—a man. Not a wheel of theclockwork, but a clockwork of his own. What did itmatter if the case of the clock was of gold or of silver orof iron? Poe was the last of his family. The quintessence ofthe chief characteristics of his paternal ancestors werehighly developed in his character. He was descendedfrom an old Norman family, the Le Poers, who figuredprominently in the history of Ireland. Sir Roger Le Poerwas a Marschall of Prince John in the reign of Henry theSecond. Fearlessness, coupled with a very highly de- veloped sense for action in thought and deed, characterizedall his descendants. Sir Arnold Le Poer, Seneschal ofKilkenny Castle, withstood the power of the church asembodied in the personal pretentions of the Bishop ofOssory from whose holy clutches he rescued the LadyAlice Kyteler, accused of and persecuted for the sinof witchcraft. Poe's great grandmother was a daughterof Admiral James Mcßride. His grandfather served dur- ing the Revolutionary War as a Quartermaster General inthe Maryland line. He was a friend of General Lafayettewho, on his last visit to America, paid a call to his de- ceased friend's grave. He kissed the earth in which Gen- eral Poe was sleeping the eternal sleep, saying, "He wasa great and fearless man."Poe's father left his home, forsook his career and ex- changed a comfortable life for the sake of an actress heloved and whom he married, Edgar united in himselfall the distinguishing marks of his family. He was a dreamer but an indefatigable worker. His thoughts weresharp and clear and he had the faculty of expressing him- self in the minutest detail. He was fearless in his con- victions. Love and romance were a part of his individual- ity and filled his life.Poe was born in a third class hotel in the city wherehis mother was playing at the time. Perhaps it was inBoston, perhaps in New York. His father was a prodigal.Poverty stood on one side of the cradle and love on theother. The infant traveled with his parents from townto town. The Poes were living a doubly isolated life. Actorsin the first years of the nineteenth century were not ad- mitted to the "respectable circle of citizens," if they didnot happen to be celebrities. Poe had followed the profes- sion of his wife for her sake, but he never adapted himselfto the ways of full-fledged actors. He did not seek ad- mittance to the professional acquaintances of his wife, andthey never associated with the other members of theirrespective companies.The family lived in its trunks; to-day here, to-morrowthere, wherever an engagement could be procured. Ed- gar's parents were happy. The father idolized the motherand the mother divided her attentions among her husband,her children and her artistic career. But there was thatsadness always prevailing: "How happy could we be ifwe had money, at least enough to have a home of our ownwherein to bring up our children and live our lives."Sadness was reflected in the big eyes of the little orphanwhom Mr. Allan "a rich, respectable merchant" lateradopted.Mr. Allan took the "poor child" who had been deniedthe blessings "of a respectable, Christian home" to hismansion. But the fact that his adopted son was an actor'schild was well advertised among those associating withthe Allan household. His schoolmates and play friendslooked upon him as a foundling picked up on the streetsby the goodness of a respectable citizen. His teachers,who otherwise would have paid attention to his originality,saw in it only the arising "evil spirit." And again hewas isolated.Wasn't there once an hour of awakening when the boythought they might be right after all. "I do not enjoyplaying with them. I love things they do not seem tosee. They call me crazy if I tell them what I dream ofwhile they are occupied with their games or when I read to them verses whose music is more charming to me thanthe tunes of the organ on Sunday. Why should I try torestrain myself from following my impulses? Maybethere is another life prepared for me than for them, andam I not a child of the street, a son of actor people, adoptedfor pity's sake?"And farther and farther did he drift from his fellowmen. More and more diverged his path from the broadstreet trotted by the thousands who have everyday ideals.He went to foreign countries in search of the unex- pected, the wonderful, that would change his entire life,He wanted to fight for the freedom of a suppressed coun- try. He wanted to be one of the defenders of .his owncountry. He wanted to be a scholar, a scientific man, butwhat did he find in every one of the careers he was en- thused about? In order to succeed, to be placed amongthe worthy, he would have to submerge his own individu- ality.The world has a label for every one who wants totake a place among its favored. The man who doesnot want to be labeled has to go his own way, has to learnhis own lessons.Mr. Allen adopted Poe. He assumed the responsibilitiesof fatherhood and then deserted his son at the time whenhe needed him more than ever before.His first wife had died. A second wife had taken herplace. A natural heir had been borrl to him, and it wasnot unnatural that he wanted to devote his entire timeto his little son and that he did not wish to be annoyed byEdgar Poe. The day came when he told the boy in whomhe had born the desire for luxury and whom he had ledto believe he was the chosen heir to his fortunes: "I willnot give you any more money. Go out and earn yourliving."The world readily understood that there was no placein"the respectable Christian home" for the boy who hadindulged in the follies of the class of people among whomhe had been educated, and who bad dared to forget thathe was the actor's child. And so he was left pennilesson the ,street-But Poe had extradorinary ability in reconciling him- self with the situation that faced him, and he went outto earn his livelihood without trying to effect a reconcilia- tion. Since boyhood days he had scribbled verses. Hedecided to combine the useful with the pleasant—to be- come a writer.Genius has never been wasted in this world. A goodword uttered, a message once written, is never lost inthe universe. Among thousands of unworthy attemptsof less gifted people they fight their way to recognition.^The vanity and egotism of those who have the powerto recognize or condemn, play an important part in thediscovery of genius. The honor of ushering to the ele- vated seat of the rostrum the man who perhaps did notrecognize his own value and is standing outside the opendoor, brings the names of otherwise insignificant peoplebefore the eyes of the world. A good book and a good woman are excellent thingsfor those who know jjustly how to appreciate their value.There are men, however, who judge of both from thebeauty of the covering. Silhouettes By Florence Lowe Gloria Mundi! Once there was a man who was so famous that everytime he blew his nose people would murmur, "Isn't hewonderful!" He wore his hair Buster Brown style,parted in the middle, and yet, so famous was he thatpeople liked it.One day he stepped into a pool parlor to tie his shoe- string, and a man with a blue chin slapped him in the facebecause he wore a Windsor tie. When he expostulated inthe choicest flowers of rhetoric and in tones that .hadswayed huge assemblies, they told him to go to hell. Sohe went home, and went on being famous. It’s Human There is a man I know whom I hate, because he doessuch good work. Everything this man touches comes outwell, and he is so agreeable that you can't conscientiouslyhate him. This man is not right. He can't help doinggood work, because his people were painters before him.But he can help being agreeable, and he has no right to. Dreams (Not by Walt Whitman) Vincent Starrett IF it be true, as some folks try to tell us,That dreams are but the echoes of past deeds,Or shadows, so to speak,Thrown before by happenings yet to come,0 heart, I will tell you this—1 will say, and I am free to say it,TM I*l1 hat never—never—has it been my custom(And I will say that never will it be my custom noryet my habit)To traverse crowded thoroughfares—The busy thoroughfares of industry—In a diaphanous undergarment of abbreviated length. "Irishman, help us against the foes of Britain. Youmust not hesitate to shed your blood for the sake ofHumanity .""Very sorry; John Bull, but you extracted the last dropof blood from us a long time ago."From Simplicissimus, Germany Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner Who thinks to fool Nature is just Nature's biggestfool.You never can really tell just how much good theremay be in a man until you have enjoyed his enmity.It seems that lots of men don't need to be naturalborn fools, to become darn natural fools, as soon as theautomobile bug gets 'em.Many a man has survived the dangers of battle only tolose his life as the result of paring his corns with his petrazor.No, "candidates" are not often "candid eights," noreven as often "candid dates," tho they may now oftenfind the latter useful in rustling for ballots among thepetticoat voters.And anon, it may be better to be overtaken by death,than to be overtaken by a desire to be overtaken by death.Whosoever tries, may fail; but whonever tries, shallcertainly never succeed. Rosa Marie James Waldo Fawcett D OS A MARIE was more beautiful, by far, than dewdrops on roses. She was a living poem of great joy;she danced with the goodness of living and loving.Pierre, on the other hand, was ugly as sin. He wasFrench with a dash of bad Spanish, and his life was onelong Hell. / He delighted in new wickedness and foundpleasure in gazing on pain and relief in creating mischief.He was a bad man among rogues; murderers were saintsin comparison.I knew them both while they were yet children. Nowthat I am old I can recall very clearly how they looked,how they lived, how they played, in time gone far andfair. It is strange to me, but it is true. I survive themboth.Pierre was the first to go. He was shot in the throatby a Portuguese sailor. They brought him home, dead.Rosa Marie, she was so beautiful, is also gone. Forwhen the fearful carcass of the dead Pierre was carriedaway, she closed the door and slipped a long, thin knifethrough her breast into her heart. So she died.TheiYs was a great love, truly. Sunshine of the Job-Seeker Hubert McCurrach jpROM Nevins Street, BrooklynTo Seventy-second Street, New YorkI walked in the snowy dawnTo get a switchboard job.\I had no overcoatAnd my sweater was thin,—The East River wind swept Brooklyn BridgeAnd the card-board soles of my shoes soon dissolved.IWhen I got thereAnd they saw my clothesAt the apartment hotel 1They said the job was taken.I could think of no excuse to warm my feet—My breakfast seemed but a morsel.My daunted soulShrank from the long walk back.. - iIt was a little warmer under a subway kioskAnd the cement was dry if clammy.The sun came outAnd melted the snow away.tLame muscles were silent,Feet to city pavements newly innuredDid not complain,For the soul-less chill of new-fallen snowNo longer cut my feet—Warmth-emitting gratings were abundant.ikThus begunMy love of the sun. j t j Contradiction of the Proverbs Gat’s Paw more the merrier." Not so; one hand is enoughin a purse.—"He that runs fastest gets mostground." Not so; for then footmen would get more thantheir masters.—"He runs far who never turns." Not so;he may break his neck in a short course.—"No man cancall again yesterday." Yes; he may call till his heartache, though it never come.—"He that goes softly goessafely." Not among thieves.—"Nothing hurts the stomachmore than surfeiting." Yes; lack of meat.—"Nothing ishard to a willing mind." Yes; to get money.—"Noneso blind as they that will not see." Yes; they that can- not see.—"Nothing but what is good for something."Not so; nothing is not good for any thing.—"Every thinghath an end." Not so; a ring hath none, for it is round.—"Money is a great comfort." Not when it brings a thiefto the gallows.—"The world is a long journey." Not so;the sun goes over it every day.—"lt is a great way tothe bottom of the sea." Not so; it is but a stone's cast.—"A friend is best found in adversity." Not so; for thenthere's none to be found.—"The pride of the rich makesthe labour of the poor." Not so; the labours of the poormake the pride of the rich. Jack R. Flanagan From the Sublime to the Ridiculeour. THE WAITER SLIPPED VPON THE FLOORAND.AS YOV SEE.VPSET THE BOAR JACK FLANAGAN came from Australia. He is a bighusky fellow with reddish brown cheeks, but he neverlived in the bush of his native country. He had a lot of il- lusions, but he has lost them, or better, has set them asidetemporarily. Here are a few speciments of the work hebrought over, hoping to capture successes. But he wasn'tstubborn. He realized that if people don't care for fan- tastic illustrations of Homer or of Shakespeare, but arein sore need of whiskey placards, fashion designs and automobile advertisements, they must be given them. Hedoesn't baulk and he doesn't grumble and his "commer- cial art" was readily accepted in the short time sincehe arrived. A few specimens of his work reproduced onthese pages might show you what he can do. His shortautobiography is a good photograph of the man."One of the most interesting days of my life occurredon the 23rd July, 1895. It was important inasmuch ason that day I first beheld the light and found that thegreatest aim in life was to make as much row as possible.I didn't have the proverbial silver spoon in my mouth,a circumstance which gave rise to the inference made bycertain of my "not altogether" complimentary friends thatthe ordinary-sized silver spoon, had it been present,couldn't even in its Wildest dreams, hope to attract atten- tion, as I was well provided by Nature with means torender its discovery a difficult task."As a small boy, my sole ambition in life was to con- duct defunct persons to their last resting place; forsooth'twas to become a hearse driver, but the caprices of For- tune are as changeful as they are disconcerting, and 'twaswilled otherwise. Slowly but surely the occupation aboutwhich I had dreamt waking dreams was weeded out ofme by the ever-increasing demands of the platitudes oflife, but my material relationship managed to retain theseed which had fired my youthful imagination, and undera constant application of, the watering-can of study, itendeavored to blossom again in the form of an art whichwalks hand in hand with Death and Mystery."In 1914, the Michael Angelo of Australian Art, inthe form of Norman Lindsay, one of the greatest of livingblack and white artists, took an interest in my feeble at- tempts and set my feet upon the right track and saw thatI kept them there. Under his influence my work tookon a new aspect and my long cherished ideals with regardto undertakers, gushed forth in the tangible form of drawings depicting murders, ghosts, fiery dragons con- **suming their living human victims, Polyphemus indulgingin some nut-cracking exercises, Sylla, Charybdis, Cerebasand all the hosts of imagination found in me a willingdisciple."When the flood-gates of murder and pillage werethrown open in Europe, I had an opportunity of por- traying things as I saw them, but as the outlet in my nativetown, Sydney, was already taxed to its utmost, I turnedmy thoughts to fresh fields and pastures new. I imaginedin my folly that the great land of the stars and stripeswould offer an unlimited scope for my enthusiasm, but Iwas doomed to disappointment."America is a land of metamorphosis; men come herefilled with zeal and eager to assist in carrying the torchand spreading the light. But commercialism flaunts itsbanner and lo! what was a soul is transformed into somenonentity whose one aspiration is to invent the most in- genius and original arrangements of tone, the ultimate ob- ject of which is the glorification of some jam label. Yetin these craven times when Death walks so disastrouslythrough the garden of life and the struggle for existenceisn't altogether an easy problem, one must endeavor tobanish such retrograde thoughts and hail the god of com- merce as a conqueror, brush aside all ideals, for they mustbe considered transitory, and rush more into the vortexof jam labels and car-cards, for therein lies salvation andthe means of grubbing a shy crust from a reluctant world—thus does America metamorphose."Should it be decreed that I could indulge in illustra- tions which could become the attainment of my ambition,I should die happy could I leave behind me illustrated edi- tions of Rabelais, Boccacio, Dante, Scott, Stevenson, Croixde Chansons, Aristophanes Comedies, The Arabian Nights,Homer's Odyssey and The Iliad, any of Shakespear'scomedies or tragedies and such masterpieces as Cervantes'"Don Quixote." The Benefactor A Social Uplift Story After the German of Steven Grossman by Guido Bruno. ON a New Year's day, 1925, the multi-millionaire,Charles K. R. Azy, announced in all metropolitannewspapers: "I have decided to pay a young working-manwho can prove that he has worked for at least ten yearsin a coal mine, a trip around the world. He will travelin the company of my own private secretary, he will startout in New York, go to Japan, to India, across the RedSea to Europe, stay awhile on the Riviera, go to Italy,France, Germany, Scandinavia and Russia, and return,after visiting Asia, Egypt and South Africa, to New York.If he wishes to go to Australia he is welcome to do soand to tour the country for three months. The trip willlast three years; I will grant him one year's stay in NewYork in order to prepare himself properly to study foreignlanguages. Coal miners, not younger than thirty years,can enter this competition. The conditions are as follows:"First:—He has to be a coal miner for at least tenyears."Second must be intelligent, he must have a keengift of observation and be very vivacious."Third:—He must agree to work ten more years afterhis return in one of my coal mines."As judges in this competition, there will be six inde- pendent men nominated by the best known authors ofAmerica."I will endow the winner with 30,000 pounds sterlingwhich shall enable him to live comfortably. I personallywill not meet the applicant before his return to NewYork."(Signed) CHARLES K. R. AZY.About six thousand men applied for the trip. Twohundred and forty were chosen and their names placedupon the ballot. There was no graft whatever connectedwith the election and Francis Rooth of New Orleans, aman of about thirty-two years of age, was the lucky one.Rooth was a single man and he looked rather old forhis age, but one doesn't work in a coal mine for thirteenyears without showing signs of hard work. His beardedface was serious and skinny. His eyes were sad-lookingand his tall figure was slightly bent over. As a youngman, he had written poems to a young girl. He hadenclosed them in his application, but he himself had lostthe sense of beauty he had expressed in the poems of hisyouth. Anyhow, he had sent in his application more as ajoke following his quick impulse. He never expected ananswer. One nice morning, they called him into theoffices of the mine and told him that he, Francis Rooth,would enjoy the three years trip around the world.And at first he didn't feel even happy. He heard thewords but he couldn't quite believe them."You don't even smile?" asked the superintendent."Oh yes, I do," replied Francis, and he did his best togrin in a friendly way.The superintendent again read to him all conditions ofthe agreement, and then he asked him to sign it. "There is one thing of importance," he said. "Youhave to agree to work ten years in our coal mine afteryou return from the trip. Mr. K. R. Azy does not wishto enstrange you from your chosen life work and there- fore he wishes me to point out to you that he is a mem- ber of the Hinkerton Protective Agency and would not hesitate to use its influence to brings you back to workif you should change your mind. Of course, these areonly extremes but one should think of everything in sign- ing an agreement."Francis Rooth signed the agreement.For one year he lived in New York and acquired a goodknowledge of French, German and Italian. He studiedthe art of being well dressed, and how to associate withwomen. He received piano lessons. His mentor took himto the opera and to theatres. He became an expert insailing, rowing, driving and motoring. He lived in alittle house on the sea-shore and his daily companion wasa young artist who drew his attention to the beauties of jthe sea, to the wonders of the setting sun and to themiracles of Spring and Winter. A young cousin of thisartist was frequently their vistior and from her here- ,ceived the last touches in culture and, refinement.On the fifteenth of October, 1925, Francis Roothboarded the big English steamer, Victoria, and a youngpainter accompanied him as private secretary. A messen- ger of Mr. K. R. Azy handed to him a cheque book,enabling him to draw money in every big city of bothhemispheres.It is impossible to describe how Francis Rooth enjoyedthese three years. The Japanese world of wonders, theeternal splendor of Indian forests, the elegance of theRiviera, the ever-changing firmament with sun and starsduring their travels upon all the seas,* his friendship withthe painter, the longing letters from the cousin left be- hind, the Parisian indulgences, the beauty of the Nordicscenery, a night upon the desert below a yellow sky; thetravels on the Trans-Siberian railroad through solitude iand quietude and suddenly in Moscow, the majesty of theKremnil, a summer month in Venice, lying in the sunon the beach almost naked next to the most beautifulwomen of Europe. In Rome he worshipped MichaelAngelo, in Nice he /had the wildest carnivals of his lifeand then again he was in Asia Minor near the places re- vered and worshipped by millions. His friend, the artist,had letters of introduction to the nicest and kindest peopleon earth. He met the big poets of Europe, he met thegreatest among the living and he met women with badreputations. He was the guest in palaces and in castlesand he visited the poor in their dungeon holes. Hismost wonderful day he lived in Java, but of that, wecan speak another time.On the 15th of October, 1928, he landed in New Yorkand everything seemed to him like the beautiful dream ofone night. He wished to call upon Mr. K. R. Azy, buthis friend, the painter, said: "You had better wait; hewill send you an invitation." On the 19th of October, (he arrived in New Orleans. He went to his old home, iand he was shocked by its smallness, darkness and itspoverty. But without further thought, he opened his Jtrunks and unpacked the precious things he had bought inall parts of the world: Persian carpets, Hungarian em- broideries, Japanese wood-cuts, Chinese porcelain, Frenchsilk, English tea-kettles, Turkish smoking things, butter- fly boxes from Brazil, stuffed singing birds from India,and a hundred other precious and beautiful valuables.On the 20th of October he received orders to start workin the coal mine. Suddenly he remembered the agree- ment, he remembered the Hinkertons who would call for him anyhow and so he went to work. On the 23rd ofOctober he was deep below the surface in his mine, halfnaked, perspiration running down his hairy body; allalone; his little lamp next to him . . . and here hehad to labor for eleven hours.He heard water dropping upon the stones, far awaysounded the hammering of his comrades; he took hisbread in his black fist and ate it. And in the dark soli- tude of the mine, all at once he saw the wonderful dawnupon the ocean, the clear blue horizon, the snowy sceneryof Norway, the carnival at Nice, and suddenly he wouldhear the music of all the orchestras of Paris.He hammered and hammered. And the eleven hourspassed. After working hours, Francis Rooth kept tohimself. He didn't feel like talking, and they called him"haughty." He spoke to nobody.On the third day, they called him into the offices ofthe company. Mr. K. R. Azy awaited him in his richlyappointed private office."Do ypu want to change your clothes?" he was asked."No." "So much the better." Mr. K. R. Azy wishedto see him anyhow in the attire of a mine worker. Onlya little souvenir for his benefactor, Francis Rooth wishedto bring over from his home. He could do that in aminute.He saw his benefactor for the first time.A lazy, pale, greasy man was seated almost lying in abig upholstered arm-chair. His puffed-up face seemeddrowsy. His fat hand indicated a slow movement as agreeting."Take a seat, Mr. Rooth, and tell me how you feel?""Thank you, I prefer to stand up. Do you want adetailed description of my travels or just the importantthings? Where shall I start?"The spongy face smiled lazily; "Oh no, please don't,you shall tell me how you feel now."Francis Rooth had suspected that the multi-millionairewould not ask for the adventures of his trip around theworld. Therefore he had put into his pocket the littlesouvenir. But just to be sure, he asked again; "Shall Itell you about India ... or about the nights inNorway ... or about our tiger huntingTn India?"The pale fat face smiled still more lazily and the hideousmassive greasy hand pointed down to the floor: "No. no,my dear man, leave alone those things. How are youfeeling right now, down there in that coal mine where youare going to spend the next ten years of your life?"It was very quiet in the private offices of his benefactor.Francis Rooth put his hand into the pocket where hehad placed his souvenir, out came quick as lightning agun and he shot down his benefactor, Mr. Charles K. R.Azy with three well-directed master shots. One enteredthe temple and two went into his stomach.The jurymen of New Orleans acquitted him unani- mously after he had related to them the story of his triparound the world and his conversation with his benefactor. Oscar Wilde, Zola, Buffalo Bill andAirships A special correspondent of a Vienna literary journal** published some time ago an interesting account ofan illegitimate son of Oscar Wilde. How much of the story is true and how much is fantastic is hard to say.The young man in question was stopping in one of thebest hotels in Budapest, Hungary, and called himselfOscar Voini. He is thirty years of age, of Herculeanstature, clean shaven, and has, like his father, thick blackhair. He is a member of a company of circus performers.Wilde met the dancer while she was playing in a Lon- don variety show and became very fond of her. Theywere seen much together and friends of Wilde proclaimedthat he was in love with his new friend. To fulfill an- other engagement she had to go to Paris. Later she metWilde in the city on the Seine and stayed there a fewweeks after her engagement was fulfilled, spending mostof her time with Wilde. After Wilde returned to Lon- don and some time had passed he received from the law- yer, Hugo Zola, who was a relative of his and related tothe French poet ancl author Zola, a communication inwhich he was notified that his prior sweetheart was look- ing forward to the joy of motherhood. At the same timethe lawyer advised Wilde to give the dancer 20,000 francsto avoid possible scandal. A "certain Howard Douglas"paid this amount to save Wilde from public disgrace.Camilla Voini, who is said also to have been the sweet- heart of Wilde's lawyer gave her child the name Oscarand had him educated in Rennes, France. Wilde metthe dancer shortly after his depature from Reading, inFlorence, Italy, and the meeting came to a very vehementscene on the street, in which the poet accused the womanof blackmailing him. Buffalo Bill was in Florence atthe same time. He met Camilla Voini, gave her an en- gagement, took her with him to America, where she issupposed to have earned a fortune at dancing. LittleOscar also came to America and Buffalo Bill had himeducated as a circus artist.About two years ago the young man, grown to man- hood, built, in company with his adopted father, an aero- plane, but was injured in his first attempt at flying. Afterhis health had been restored he continued to follow hisprofession as circus rider and went abroad. He is at thepresent time a member of a Russian circus.This is the despatch of the Budapest Hungary, specialcorrespondent of "Neues Wiener Journal," one of theleading dailies of Vienna, published on the 22d of Marchin the telegram section of this paper. It might be theoffspring of the active brain of a press agent or a fantasticstory linked with the name of Oscar whose booksare now more widely read in Austria-Hungary and Ger- many than any other country in the world, and who cre- ated more schools among the younger generation of liter- ary men than any genius of their own country. In Our Village A few animals who loiter upon the Square Emilio, Our Fruitseller At the Fruit Wagon "Tony" The Menace of the Autobuses 1 DON'T know if the Fifth Avenue Coach Companyleased Washington Square, and, if so, I do not doubtthe legality of. their action. But it is highly deplorablethat the 35,000 children of Greenwich Village are robbedof their only playground and that the peacefulness of theSquare has to be disturbed by the brutal militarism ofits employees. The buses are lined up from the Archto the south side of the Square. It is a regular terminalstation with conductors and motormen waiting for theirturn to assume their duties, a dozen or more signs advisethe public where they are allowed to stay and await abus, and where they must not loiter. The playgroundback of the fountain is roped up into squares, and again, signs tell you that this section is for Riverside Drive busesand that section for St. Nicholas Avenue buses and so on;all the routes of the buses. Big barrels with oil are upon the side-walk and the traffic on Fourth Street is seri- ously hindered by buses which are taking on new supplies.Thompson Street in the afternoon and in the evening isclosed to the traffic, being used as a car park. I did nottake time and trouble to find out if the franchise of theFifth Avenue Coach Company grants them the rightto use our streets and the Square for all these purposes.But I cannot quite see why a pleasure institution whichaffords to a very limited number of people only the privi- lege of a joy ride, should disturb to such a degree theprivacy of an entire residential neighbourhood. The un- godly noises caused by the cranking of motors, by thehundreds of people who think it a privilege to awaitin the roped off sections their turn, to occupy one of thetwenty-four seats on top of the bus, and by the everythingbut gentle voices of the guards in green uniforms whohave to be forgiven for their impoliteness and their Cos- sack . manners, are a constant nuisance to rentpayers ofGreenwich Village.To rely upon the buses as a means of transportation,is out of the question. Even if they had the ambitionto furnish a regular service the traffic congestion on FifthAvenue from 10 o'clock in the morning until six o'clockin the evening must prevent them from rendering anyservices whatsoever. This bus service is a conveniencefor sight-seers and a pleasant institution for people in- clined to take a cheap joy-ride. But why should thechildren of Greenwich Village pay the bill by being de- prived of their playgrounds and why should the residentsof Washington Square, who are paying the high rentalsof a residential neighbourhood, be annoyed by these boister- ous mass meetings of prospective bus passengers, and liveso to say in the "open shop" of the Fifth Avenue CoachCompany ? Something About Our Eating Places OF course we, who do not take advantage of the tabled'hote of our hotels and who do not live in realcross your heart apartments, eat, too. And if not everyday three meals, at least one. We feel we have to dothat, more perhaps to keep up appearances before ourselvesthan for any other reason. And then there are times whenone hates the looks of the kitchenette or that corner in thestudio dedicated to the production of coffee, tea and othernecessities.Where do we go to? (No, this is not to advertise ouradvertisers. Everybody knows what I am going to sayand therefore I am perfectly safe in saying it).There is of course the ancient and revered Brevoort,and then the Lafayette with its show tables of domino- playing geniuses. It is nice to drop in these places, espe- cially around the first if one can afford to have a mealthere. One always will meet friends or acquaintances.There is that ominous corner in the breakfast room (askTom Sleeper, he knows). It's so pleasant there, one for- gets to go home until the waiters sweep you out in themorning, together with cigarette stumps and other thingswhich will be of use again to-morrow but which haveserved their purpose to-day.The Greenwich Village Inn is a good place to take ameal if you haven't the inclination to make acquaintancesand talk over your black coffee to interesting people. Youmeet them there galore and such sessions while highly en- tertaining and profitable, prove rather time-absorbing. ButPolly's cooking has a distinction of its own.Gonfarone's is the Italian place, with red ink and roastchicken and all that sort of thing. O. Henry liked it andso do a good many others who love music "while theydine." Luigis Black Cat" which was Mazzini's, andprevious to that "The Chat Noir," is the dancing resort.Very unexpectedly, while you are trying to detect a morsel of meat on the roasted bone of a chicken, deeply absorbedin your work, a terrible player piano like thunder fromblue skies, will call dance enthusiasts to a fox-trot or aTurkish patrol. Luigi is an autocrat in his place and tellsyou exactly what to do and what not to do, and if youdon't like it he doesn't care a bit if you go and never re- turn. The Candlestick Tea Room with its many candles andits good southern kitchen represents the conservative ele- ment where one can hear his own word, and everybodyseems anxious to contribute to the peaceful character ofthe dining-room. Mellow poetesses found here the orangemeeting place of their sorority. They whisper sonnets andpoems and dine on vegetables.The Greenwich Village Kitchen (Edna owns it whoused to preside in The Dutch Oven), looks more or lesslike "Child's." The tablecloth is spotlessly white and noteven the chairs are purple or pale yellow. They serve aboiled dinner which looks like a still life by Cezanne, sosubstantial and so natural. Edna's lobster salad is a mas- terpiece of a futuristic sculpture of the vortex school. Thehighbrows of the Village assemble here lately and it isquite international. Scotch, Irish and the language spokenin Boston can be heard quite frequently. And the farwest, as far as Seattle, Washington, is well represented.The Dutch Oven beneath the Liberal Club polished theleaves of its two trees and is ready to serve meals in itsgarden.And now we have also a retreat and regular coffee house(European style), a tearoom where one can go even if hedoes not intend to spend a dollar for tea. Ethel Ungerrented a basement beneath the Paint Box. She calls itthe Rabbit Hole. Of course everything has to have afunny name. That is so in the Village. But Ethel knowswhat she is about. She wants to create a quiet place forone to read his paper. But will there be space enough inher cellar for all her guests if she really carries out heridea to keep on her shelves magazines in all languages andinteresting books and pamphlets, especially after she prom- ised to have comfortable chairs, even wicker chairs. Andnot to forget the one place where everybody leaves mes- sages and packages and buys stamps and does his telephon- ing: Rossi Brothers, right beneath the Garret.Alice Palmer left for the summer and Sidney Powell in his green Chinese coat is the sole ruler of the Village store.He likes green. His eyes are green. His necktie, hisstockings and his lounging coat are green, and thereforehe painted his store flaming green. He did it all by him- self under the experienced supervision of Anton Hellman,who is partly responsible for mixing the colors.Pepe Brothers, the real estate kings, who have a monop- oly upon every house, every cellar, every cobby hole in theVillage, are responsible for those pretty white houses withgreen window boxes which meet your eyes pleasantlyamong the sordid ruins of old dilapidated mansions andbrick buildings all over the Village. Mr. Pepe contem- plates transforming during the summer months a few moreprivate residences into studio buildings. Charles Dorr, who last year wrote and staged a musicalcomedy successfully, will shortly leave New York for Nar- ragensett Pier, where he represents the New York Timesand other metropolitan newspapers. Tom Sleeper spent two busy days in Greenwich Villagelast week. He is collecting material for some-of his "hu- man interest" stories. Verily he gathered a bushel of it,having been so ably assisted in his endeavors by DjunaBarnes and Jack MacGrath. Peggy O'Neil contributedalso from the treasure-box of her experiences after havingtransferred her beauty spot from the left cheek to the right. The True Story of "Pirate" Kidd N. Tourneur rTI HE true story of Captain Kidd proves the accuracyof the old saying that "truth will out in the longrun." Few men have been given a more sinister reputa- tion than Captain William Kidd, master mariner of NewYork, privateersman,—and "pirate!" Yet, of the mostsanguinary sea-rovers of the seventeenth century, thecharacter of this early New York seaman has been entirelycleared through the recent discovery of documentaryevidence.Henry Morgan, Lollonois, De Grammoftt, and othersare known to us as notorious pirates. But more familiarthan any of them is Captain William Kidd, around whommany a ballad and sea chaunty has been written and sungon shore and on forecastle head. In song and story andtradition he has always been represented as a most blood- thirsty seaman, scuttling merchant vessels, leaving not asoul of their crews to tell any tales, and hiding immensehoards of treasure, for which men search even at thispresent day. But, the actual facts of his case reveal thisNew Yorker to have been a most misused and unfortunateman, who was betrayed to the gallows through the silenceof others.In the early times of the English occupation of NewYork, the shipping was almost at a standstill owing tothe buccaneers plundering the vessels of all nations. Sodaring were they, that they even swooped down on thevessels in the harbor, and cut them out under the veryeyes of the Governor and the townsfolk, who were help- less owing to all the men-of-war then being used in de- fense of England's home waters against the French.Lord Bellamount, the Governor, therefore, in 1695,together with others, including King William Third ofEngland, the Lord Chancellor, and Lord Romney, char- tered a vessel, the Adventure Galley, commanded by Cap- tain Kidd, to proceed against the pirates. Kidd had pre- viously commanded a licensed packet sailing regularlybetween London and New York- He was a man of sub- stance, had gotten himself three large vessels, and wasaccounted by all as a trustworthy, fair-dealing man. Hishome in Pearl Street was one of the most luxuriouslyfurnished in New York, and boasted of the first Turkishcarpet brought across the Atlantic.Toward the end of April, 1695, then, Captain Kiddsailed out of Plymouth, England, to cruize under theKing's commission for the destruction of pirates in Amer- ican waters. For a time he took many prizes, and, as anadditional reward of his strenuous action in putting downthe sea-rovers, was voted the sum of two hundred andfifty pounds sterling by the Legislature. The commis- sion granted him by William Third authorized him tocapture French and other vessels of England's enemies.For the greater part of 1698, however he cruized withoutmaking all prizes, and his crew became restless. On sight- ing a Dutch ship, the "Loyal Captain," they mutinied,and sought to take her. But Kidd refused to go intoaction, and in the quarrel with the mutineers' leader,Moore, the gunner, the captain struck him in self-defence,so that he died the next day.Shortly after this tragic episode, when the "AdventureGalley" was off Montauk Point, Long Isalnd, she fell inwith the French merchantman, the "Quedagh Merchant,"a vessel owned by Irishmen settled in Bordeaux, and after a fierce hand-to-hand fight, she was captured. Hertreasure and cargo, Captain Kidd transferred to his ownvessel, and then he sailed for Gardiner's Island, situatedat the entrance of the sheet of water separating LongIsland from the mainland. Here he buried most of thetreasure which was his portion.When, however, he put into Boston some months laterto refit, the magistrates, to serve their own ends, detainedhim on the suspicion of having exceeded his commission.Not only did they take from him his ship's papers, but theactual commission itself granted him by King William.Captain Kidd at once appealed to Lord Bellamount forprotection, on the grounds that the Governor himselfknew his enterprise was authorized and, too, had sharedin the profits of it. But already Bellamount was at enmitywith him, owing chiefly, it is set forth, to Kidd's. refusalfor a readjustment of the division of the spoils givingthe Governor a larger share. He abandoned the captainto his fate, and Kidd was sent across to London for trial.At Old Bailey, London, Kidd, instead of being charged,as he expected, with having exceeded his commission whichthe production of his ship's papers and the commissionfrom the King wouTd have at once disproved—was chargedwith the death of Gunner Moore. One of his crew,Palmer, who had sided with Moore, gave the chiefevidence.The luckless captain had but little money in hand withwhich to provide lawyers and counsel to defend him.His ship's papers and commission, which would have testi- fied he was an authorized officer maintaining disciplineagainst mutineers, and that he was no pirate, were heldback by the authorities. He was tricked most basely intosilence as regards Lord Bellamount, the Lord Chancellor,and, above all others, as to the King's participation in hisenterprise; he was found guilty; and, instead of beingreprieved, as he had been led to understand, in considera- tion of his silence concerning his co-partners, Kidd washanged in chains in 1701.It has long been the belief that Kidd buried untold'wealth in various places on Long Island, and on the shoresof South Carolina. With the exception of that cachefound in "Kidd's Hollow", near Cherry Tree Harbor,Gardiner's Island, no others have been discovered. Outof "Kidd's Hollow" was lifted part of the Quedagh Mer- chant's treasure. Of gold, in coins, bars, and dust, therewere 750 ounces; of silver, 560; and of precious stones,'sixteen ounces. It has to be pointed out that only duringhis'last, ill-fated cruize did he fail to put into Boston orNew York to land the spoils for sharing with his co- partners. Lord Bellamount saw to that!N. P. Yet he it was who sent Kidd to the gallows. Nocturne Alfred Kreymborg The pantaloons are dancing,dancing through the night,pure white pantaloons,underneath the moon,on a jolly wash line,skipping from my room,over to Miranda,who washed them this noon. The Yen-Shee Eater By Sadakichi Hartmann Pass the booz, should be kind of funny to lush* in this fine joint. Yes, on yer life she would getup on her pins to-day. Take a walk in the woods andpick walnuts. Wouldn't faze her a bit, she would put onher swagger cloe's and make the aristocrats look likecounterfeits."Bill Nimmack gave a sigh of relief. The worst wasover. For three days Florida May had lain in.high feverat the hotel-room, doubled up with the innions, a painnn the stomach caused from inhaling opium smoke, andhalloeing for cocaine and yen-shee and what not, and asthe poor innocent youth could not procure what mighthave given her relief, she would keep up a constant flowof profanity until she fell back into a stupor. And he inimmaculate tailor-made had been camping in an armchair,emptying half a bottle of whiskey every night, afraid ofcatching some disease and still more afraid that someguests might make a complaint which would necessitatetheir departure.He had been exploring Chinatown a few nights ago,and finally after Chow Main and rose wine cantering tothe elevated he noticed a woman moaning in a darkhallway. He inquired why she did not go home.iHome?" she muttered with a reckless laugh, "I haveo home. I roost here." Despite her bedraggled ap- earance, something in her personality had attracted him,3r Bill Nimmack was young, amorous and looking fordventures. She got up, looking him over and apparentlyitisfied with her scrutiny, asked him if he had ever seenh cat hitting the pipe, if he had plenty of "sugar" andf/ould cough up she would be his Jack Connors.Thus they proceeded to feel their way along dark lanes,to climb over roofs and down skylight stairs until theygained admission in some vile-smelling, dismally lightedden that looked like a steerage compartment with a fewsqualid forms huddled away in the bunks. They squattedon the foul bamboo mat and the silent dope distributor)roduced from some rear closet two hollowed out lichiluts with lids made of playing cards. Bill Nimmackooked about and watched with wonder a big black tom- :at that had crawled upon the girl's chest and scratchedit her sleeves as she cooked a pill at the flame of a smallilcohol lamp. Greedily sucking at the pipe she blew thepioke into the cat's face. After a few repetitions, the:at rolled over stupefied. Bill Nimmack almost did the&gt;ame. He could stand it no longer and so they went:o a saloon. There she confided to him the "customary"itory of her life. She came of a decent family and hadpeople in some up state town. She had received an adi- lation and could hammer the pianner. Then she hadirifted to Chinatown and there she had stuck to drinkind drugs. She was no shillyshally. She could sling aew slugs. She had caused one of the Tong feuds. Hernan was a Japanee on a sal'. He had been kind to her,ie had bought her one of those ragtime fonogra. For aime he needed no plumber. Now his pipe were froze,ie had called her a noisy sneak. She would not take any|112 his guff, not she. Bill Nimmack thought hard. Hepas a good-hearted fellow. He thought that a week'sracation in the country where she could breathe some fresh air and get back her strength would do her good.She was of the same opinion. "You are a six spot, awhite chip. You give me de hunch of my life." And soit came about that young Bill Nimmack, the only sonof the leading hay-feed merchant of Waterburg, roomedand boarded with Florida May in one of the swellesthotels in the Catskills. Until now she had not muchchance for recuperation, bellowing and howling as she hadbeen all the time for some impossible drug, but to-day therehad come a change over her.She really looked quite handsome in the new hat andgown that he had bought her. She walked rather slouch- ily and there was no color in her face, but it was after alla veritable resurrection. He felt quite proud of hismission. And she bubbled over with good spirits. "Nowwidout pausin' to cut for deal, I can fluff me skirts andsquare me elbows with an air as if I was useter it. Mynew hat is a peach. Chicago May isn't in it. She hasonly two feathers on her calaboos. I have 'leven." Herlanguage, true enough, was exasperating, yet time wouldmend all that. Bill Nimmack's face beamed with happi- ness as they walked away from the hotel, she leaning onhis arm.Two ladies passed them, a big stout Jewish matronand her stumpy dark-eyed daughter. The tail end of theseason being near, they had shown a decided interest inthe pride of Waterburg, having betrayed eagerness tomake his acquaintance at various occasions; now surprisewas plainly visible on their features. With the youngfemale, it was a sentiment of regret "how can you,"and with the older one, an expression of disdain "I de- clare." But Bill Nimmack did not care.They merrily climbed a hillside. He would pass hisarm around her waist and stop and kiss her, and theiilaugh loudly and throw his arms about m wild gesticula- tions. His joy was contagious—she also would laugh,though in a hard sort of a way, as if someone stepped onshreds of smashed crockery, a laugh that comes with yearsin Chinatown. They sauntered leisurely through the openwoods, making their way through the underbrush andwading through pools of water. The bushes were stillwet with dew. The ground was slippery. She liftedher skirts knee-high and he pulled up his trousers showing.his elastics, and whenever they stumbled, they bumpedagainst each other and both would laugh. Now and thenthey would stop in silence, and she, after inhaling deeply,would blow out the smoke of her cigarette through hernostrils into his face.It was all so new to her, the fields whitened with wildcarrots, the hues of yellow, red and purple, the breezysky, the blue distances. The sun was mounting in thesky and radiated everything. Oh, this was fun indeed.They skipped about and he pinched her and she hit athim. Then they began to pick walnuts and trying toopen them, got their fingers all brown, and when theystooped to gather the same fruit, they would fall downand roll over each other in the grass. And suddenly heknelt before her on the moist ground, threw his armsaround her, buried his face in her lap and behaved like a madman, while she petted him good-naturedly on hishead.Two hours later, all wet and covered with brown stains,dirty and weary looking, they came down the same way.She was tired out. The cool morning had changed intoa sultry noon. He, considerably sobered, tried to engageher in a serious conversation."How long, May, did you lead this kind of life? heinterrupted the silence."I have been hitting it good and hard for eight years,and it wouldn't faze me now if that damned lobby-gowhad not told on me. De old snoozer has mixed it allup, marbles and chalk.""And what on earth is a lobby-gow?", he asked."One of those pig-tail heads that rush the growler forus skates. He gave the Japanee d steer on me, that I wasmaking a run on Yen-shee."Bill Nimmack was obliged once more to express hisignorance as to a certain term in her vocabulary."Aren't you dead slow, gauzy old fake, its the scrap- ings from an opium pipe.""Heavens, May, and what do you do with it?""I'm surprised at youse. Do you think I use it fora hair tonic." ."You mean to say, you chew it—actually swallow it.Horrible. And how does it make you feel?""It puts you on the bum. You imagine you own Brook- lyn Bridge and sell it for ten cents.""Why don't you drop it?"She replied that nothing could break her of the habitnow."You won't live long at that.""You ring de bell." There was not a note of interestin the woman's voice when she made this reply. BillNimmack shuddered. She, a yen-shee eater. No doubt,it acted like some slow, but deadly poison, that affectedthe whole system, intestines and all. She would soonlose all traces of beauty, become sodden and grey, andend in the morgue.Well, another time he would talk more to the point.Now it was dinner-time, and he had to get shaved. Headvised her to go to their room and dress. When hecame out of the barbershop he refreshed himself witha highball and thereupon hastened to the room. It wasempty. May! he called. No answer. Then he dis- covered that also her valise was gone. What could itmean. He hurried downstairs and almost fell into thearms of the young Jewish maiden. She looked at himwith big eyes and not knowing what to say or do, askedhim if he had seen the ChinamanWhat Chinaman! With his lady?—"The lobby-gow has been here," he shrieked, and rushed away as one outof his wits.He ran to the railway station. A train just pulled out.He caught a glimpse of white at a window and next toit a grinning Chinese face. She had gone. He was dazed.He felt like weeping; he did not know whether overher departure or his own foolishness. He felt deeplyhurt. Surely, he had offered her a chance to reform, butno, called by the lobby-gow, no doubt with a messagefrom her Japanee, she had gone away from the colorsof autumn, the solitude of the woods, the balmy mountaina;r?—back to the crooked streets, the night life, to fan-tanand pie-gow gamblers, to her tribe of cocaine and yen-sheeeaters, to her wonderful opium-smoking cat, back to theblack smoke which endures over all change and decay. Sing Song of Thoughts Florence Lowe Throbbing, sobbing, the dream music falters and dies,The low, vibrating cadence, that never was,Is gone ....Crash! the barbarous cymbal's brazen voiceScreams, "I am real,Thou canst not but hear me!"The Model's SongSeconds, seconds, tic, toe, tic,Dragging, lagging, fly more quick,New love, true love, fill my song,Tic, toe, tic, toe, long, long, long! OSCAR WILDEHIS LIFE AND CONFESSIONSBy FRANK HARRISFrank Harris (Publisher)3 Washington Square, New York City.Sir:—Enclosed please find $ , for which send to theundersigned copies of the autographed edition {$20.00 per set) of OscarWilde, by Frank Harris, and copies of the regular limited edition at$10.00 per set.Name A ddress , CHARLES KEELERIN RECITALS OF HIS OWN POEMSTHE VICTORY—Songs of Triumph. Price, one dollar.ELFIN SONGS OF SUNLAND. Third Edition. G. P. Putnam's Sons, New York &amp; London. Price $1.50-SONGS OF A WANDERER. In manuscript.THE MIRROR OF MANHATTAN. In manuscript.DANCE RYTHMS. In manuscript.Mr. Keeler recites selections from all the above and his varied and unique programs are foil ofinterest and inspiration both in the text and delivery.In New York and vicinity until June. Now booking dates for California Tour in June, Julyand August.For terms and particulars and for copies of his books, addressLAURENCE J. GOMMEThe Little Bookshop Around the Corner2 EAST 29th STREET NEW YORK CITY READERS OF BRUNO'S WEEKLYARE ASKED TO BECOMESUBSCRIBERS52 ISSUES FOR TWO DOLLARS Furnished Farm Houseat Mystic, Conn., at very low rent. References requested.H. E. ANGELL, WHITE PLAINS, N. Y. Edith Haynes ThompsonHER SHOPContaining Many Quaint and Beautiful Things58 WASHINGTON SQUARE SOUTHHours: 1 to 5.30 P. M. Joseph McCarthyPAINTINGS ANDANTIQUES30 WEST 46th STREET HOTEL BREVOORT CAFE LAFAYETTEFifth Avenue University PlaceRAYMOND ORTEIG, INC.The Two French Hotels and Restaurants of New York GONFARONE'S40 West Bth StreetTABLE D'HOTE"Eating places are literary landmarks" said O. Henry, speaking of Gonfarone's in one of hisunexcelled Greenwich Village Stories. Greenwich Village Inn(Polly's)Between Washington Sq. &amp; 6th Ave.Service a la CarteOutdoor Dining Room From the making of a lamp to the creation of aperiod room there is a right and a wrongway. The problems of your own house may beanswered by consultingANTON HELLMAN80 West Washington SquareSpring 6340 Florence Gough has designed children's playfrocks and kiddies rompers for vacation wear.PAINT BOX150 W. 4th St., nr. 6th Ave., N. Y.Phone Spring 23 Artistic CushionsIncluding wool embroidery. Unique and originaldesigns in patchwork. Cushions made to order.Call or write Sessers Studio Co., 82 WashingtonPL, N. Y. Spring 1076. WANTED you to know that at 60 WashingtonSquare South is locatedTHE VILLAGE STOREWhere one may see on display many odd piecesof Brasses, Pottery, Furniture and Souvenirs.Hours 10.30 till 6p. m. Saturdays 10 p. m. T. D. CoxStationery and News ShopCirculating Library68 Washington Place, N. Y. JUDSON TAILOR SHOP51 Washington Sq.All kinds of tailoring work neatly done. Drycleaning of Ladies' Suits, Gowns, Wraps, etc.,a specialty.'Phone 5360 Spring 'Phone Spring 3922THE DUTCH OVEN135 MacDougal Streetnear Washington Sq.Open Air Dining RoomHome CookingLuncheon Tea Dinner Rare Books First EditionsExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association Books. Books for Christmas Gifts.Purchased singly or in sets for people who have neither time nor opportunity to select for themselves,or for those who have not access to the best book marts. Why not begin collecting now?Address, E. V. Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass. . For Houses, Apartments or Rooms, SeePEPE &amp;REAL ESTATE ANDTelephone 4119 SpringBRO.INSURANCE40 So. Washington SquareCor. of MacDougal Street Being a bookIN WHICHwe say just what we think. Published every month by Norman-Bel Geddes at 171 Wilson Avenuein Detroit, Michigan. It is a little book uniquely illustrated. Write for sample copy. I BUY BOOKSSingle volumes, small lots, and libraries; autograph letters of known literary men andartists, drawings, pictures and engravings. Address"COLLECTOR," Care of Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington Sq. ROSSI BROTHERS58 Washington SquareUnderneath die GarretICE CREAM AND TOBACCO The Mad Hatter Has a Tea Party Every AfternoonFrom 3 to 6 at150 WEST FOURTH STREETJust Down the Rabbit Hole From Washington Square"Take Some More Tea""I've Had Nothing Yet So I Can't Take More""You Mean You Can't Take Less, It's Very Easy toTake More Than Nothing.""Noboy Asked Your Opinion" Edith Unger. There can be no pleasanter place to hear that remarkableEdison Record Number (82536) thanTHE DIAMOND DISC SHOPat Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmosphere of Old Greenwich Village has not been sacrificedon the altar of commercialismA postal will bring you, with our compliments,an interesting little biography of Mr. Thos. A.Phone: Stuyvesant 4570 Edison