The mask 14 3 July-August-September 1928 naau_1928-07_01 The mask 14 3 Untitled Image Illustration 1 A DAUGHTER OF SHAKESPEARE : 1 ILLUSTRATIONS 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 ELLEN TERRY. Plate 13. Illustration 4 ELLEN TERRY J. S cre 5 SILVER CASKET CONTAINING THE ASHES OF ELLEN TERRY. 6 THE SILVER CASKET. Plate 14. Illustration 7 FREDERICK ROBSON A SKETCH BY GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALA WITH A PREFACE BY H. C. HOTTEN AND ADDITIONAL NOTES GATHERED FROM VARIOUS SOURCES. 9-23; 25; 27-35 FOREWORD J. S cre 9 PREFACE H . C. HOTTEN cre J. C. H cre 9-18 ROBSON: A SKETCH. LONDON 1864 GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALA cre 19-23; 25; 27-35 PORTRAIT OF FREDERICK ROBSON. Plate 15. Illustration 23 PORTRAIT OF FREDERICK ROBSON. Plate 16. Illustration 25 HISTORICAL AND BIOGRAPHICAL NOTES &amp; EXTRACTS. 9-12 THE GRECIAN SALA. FORMERLY THE EAGLE. THE SCENE OF ONE OF ROBSON'S EARLY ENGAGEMENTS. J. S cre 9 IT was first opened by a man named 9 ROUSE lost about £ 2000 a year 9-10 MANY well-known actors graduated 10 THE OLYMPIC THEATRE. 11-12 SOME NOTES ON ROBSON JOSEPH KNIGHT cre 13 SOME OF HIS ROLES. 13 PARTNERSHIP WITH EMDEN AT THE OLYMPIC. 13-14 A UNIQUE POSITION. 14-15 PORTRAITS AND SOURCES OF INFORMATION. Joseph Knight cre 15-16 SAMUEL BUTLER ON ROBSON. IN "THE WAY OF ALL FLESH". A Playgoer's Wanderings by H. M. Walbrook cre 16 HENRY MORLEY (D GOES TO o SEE ROBSON. o 16-17 HENRY CRABB ROBINSON IN HIS EIGHTY-FIRST YEAR GOES TO SEE ROBSON. 17 AND AGAIN AT EIGHTY-FOUR. Vol. II. "Henry Crabb Robinson's Diary cre 17-18 HENRY MORLEY AGAIN. The Journal of a London Playgoer" by Henry Morley cre 18-19 FRANK ARCHER'S RECOLLECTIONS. An Actor's Notebooks" by Frank Archer cre 19-20 HENRY IRVING ON ROBSON. From "Seymour Hicks-Twenty-Four Years of an Actor Life "by Himself cre 20 BETWEEN I860 and 1866 Irving 21 BANCROFT AND ROBSON. Squire Bancroft in " Mr cre Bancroft on cre off the Stage cre 21 ROBSON AND J. L. TOOLE. From "Reminiscences of J. L. Toole "related by himself cre chronicled by Joseph Hatton, 1889 cre 21-22; 27 THE LIGHTHOUSE KEEPER See "life of Charles Dickens"; J. C. Hotten. p. 160 cre 27 THE WANDERING MINSTREL. A. W. à Beckett in "The à Becketts" of 'Punch'. 1903, p. 50 cre 27 VIL1KINS AND HIS DINAH. Life of George Cruikshank by Btanchard Jerrold. Chatto cre Windus, 1882. Vol. 2. p. 26 cre 27 THE WANDERING MINSTREL THE AFFECTING AND PATHETIC LEGEND OF VILIKINS AND HIS DINAH. 28-29 Untitled Image Illustration 28 ROBSON AS JEM BAGGS. Illustration 29 MADOX BROWN AND ROBSON. Præraphaelite Diaries cre Letters. Edited by William Michael Rossetti. 1900 cre 30 A CONTEMPORARY 30 E. L. BLANCHARD AND F. ROBSON BEING EXTRACTS FROM BLANCHARD'S DIARY WITH NOTES CECIL HOWARD cre 31-34 BIOGRAPHICAL NOTES OF SOME OF ROBSON'S ASSOCIATES 35-36 (I) 35 J. R. PL ANCHE. 35 GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALA. 35-36 FRANCIS TALFOURD. 36 JOHN OXENFORD. 36 ROBERT BROUGH. 36 J. PALGRAVE SIMPSON. 36 WATTS PHILLIPS. 36 SHIRLEY BROOKS. 36 HENRY MAYHEW 36 CHARLES DANCE 36 WILLIAM FARREN 36 HENRY COMPTON 36 WILKIE COLLINS 36 TOM TAYLOR 36 Untitled Image Illustration 36 FROM A PARLAMENTARY REPORT 1866. WITH REFERENCES TO FREDERICK ROBSON. 37-40 A SILHOUETTE BY DANIEL CHODOWIRCKI. Illustration 40 FREDERICK ROBSON. Reproduced from,the Reminiscences of J. L. Toole published by Messrs Hurst &amp; Blackett. Illustration 41 IN BOOTS AT THE INN. Illustration 43 AS DADDY HARDACRE. ROBSON IN TWO OF HIS ROLES. Plate 17. Illustration 43 ELLEN TERRY WITH MARION TERRY HER SISTER, in 1911, seated in the old school desk (a little wooden affair with wooden seat and with two flap-lids for sloping writing places) made for her children Edith and Edward. A Note on the back of the picture in Ellen Terry's handwriting reads: "For my book but it never appeared in her book. The print is excessively rare, not reproduced befor e and by no means a clear print; but very pretty of both sisters. Plate 18. Illustration 45 STAGE DESIGNS IN LONDON, THE EXHIBITION OF GORDON CRAIG'S DESIGN'S FOR IBSEN'S "PRETENDERS". 47-49 Untitled Image Illustration 47 SIR GERALD DU MAURIER 47 AT THE ARCHITECTURAL ASSOCIATION. 47 PREFACE TO THE CATALOGUE ASHLEY DUKES cre 47-48 NOTES ON THE DESIGNS H. M. WALBROOK cre 48-49 A FORTHCOMING VOLUME. 49 A SILHOUETTE BY DANIEL CHODOWIECKI. Illustration 49 A LOST COLLABORATION GORDON CRAIG cre 50-51 Untitled Image Illustration 50 Untitled Image Illustration 51 THEATRICAL ACTION. MRS. OLDFIELD CANNOT CALL IT AN ART. Memoirs of the Life of Mrs Oldfield; by William Egerton. 1731 cre 51 A SILHOUETTE BY CHODOWIECKI. Illustration 51 AN ACTOR'S PETITION. TRANSLATED FROM THE ORIGINAL MANUSCRIPT REPRODUCED IN PLATE 19. 52-53 Untitled Image Illustration 52 A SILHOUETTE BY CHODOWIECKI. Illustration 53 JOHN PALMER A SHORT BIOGRAPHICAL NOTE ON AN EIGHTEENTH CENTURY ACTOR 53 Untitled Image Illustration 53 DANIEL NICHOLAS CHODOWIECKI. A. C cre 54 A SILHOUETTE BY CHODOWIECKI. Illustration 54 Untitled Image Illustration 54 REDUCED FACSIMILE OF RIMINIO'S PETITION. Plate 19. Illustration 55 JOHN PALMER. ACTOR. circa 1742 – 1798. Plate 20. Illustration 57 BOOK REVIEWS. 59-61 Untitled Image Illustration 59 THE STORY OF THE 59 THE DEVELOPMENT OF 59 THE WOMAN OF THE 18TH 59 ALL THE BRUXELLES 59-60 GREAT SHORT NOVELS OF 60 COLLECTED ESSA V5, PAPERS, 60 U ANTE TEATRO —1L 60 FOUNDATIONS OF ENGLISH 61 % TWOPENCE COLOURED by 61 HAKLUYTS VOYAGES. With 61 BONTSHE THE SiLENT by /. 61 EDITORIAL NOTES JULY: AUGUST: SEPTEMBER 61 Untitled Image Illustration 61 THE MATERIAL. ON REREADING THE "DEVELOPMENT OF THE THEATRE" NICOLL cre 61 FREDERICK ROBSON. 61 LAST WORDS. 62 KONX OMPAX AGAIN! 62 Untitled Image Illustration 62 THE TWO ALFREDS, 62 Untitled Image Illustration 62 o foreigners: q 62 Untitled Image Illustration 62 o THE MONEY SNARE, o 62 Untitled Image Illustration 62 BULWARK, i\OT BARRIER. . 62 THE MASK/ v':\- • . .. - . VOLUME FOURTEEN. NUMBER THREEJULY- AUGUST- SEPTEMBER19 2 8 ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION EDITION DE LUXETEN SHILLINGS R|CE TWENTY SHILLINGS(POST FREE) O (POST FREE)° mJsA °TWO &amp; A HALF DOLLARS FIVE DOLLARSFOR AMERICA FOR AMERICAADDRESS: BOX 44 4. FLORENCE. ITALY. THE MASK. JULY-SEPTEMBER 1928 experts in theatre wit famine *° *"**" ™d illustrations fromand addressed envelope " are 71 7 " "*«&lt; "WAddress:The Editor: ~ The Mask ",Box 444, Florence, Italy. THE MASK1928 19 0 8 19 2 8 THE MASK1928 THE MASK1928 THE MASK1928 THE MASK1928 THE MASK1928 THE MASK1928 THE MASK1928 All Rights reserved, September 1928.Direttore responsabile Antonio Maraitii.Tipograjia Ginntina, Firenze. A DAUGHTER OF SHAKESPEARE : A WORD ABOUT ELLEN TERRY by J. S. FREDERICK ROBSON, SOME MEMO- RIES AND RECORDS OF A GREAT ACTOR by George Augustus Sala, H. C. Hotten, Crabb Robinson, J. L. Toole and others. A LOST COLLABORATION, being some J~\. considerations respecting Blake and Bewick, by Gordon Craig. I AN ACTOR'S PETITION, being an unsuc- cessful attempt to escape from a legal pre- dicament in 16tb century Italy.A LONDON EXHIBITION OF GORDONCRAIG'S DESIGNS FOR IBSEN'S" PRETENDERSNOTES ON DANIEL NICHOLAS CHO- DOWIECKI, JOHN PALMER, FO- REIGNERS IN THE BRITISH THEATRE,AND OTHER MATTERS. ILLUSTRATIONS A PORTRAIT OF ELLEN TERRY, AND A RARE AND UNPUBLISHEDPHOTOGRAPH OF ELLEN TERRY WITH HER SISTER MARION. APLATE SHOWING (BYEXCLUSIVE PERMISSION) THE SILVER CASKETDESIGNED AND MADE BY J. PAUL COOPER TO CONTAIN THE ASHESOF ELLEN TERRY. FIVE PORTRAITS OF FREDERICK ROBSON. A POR- TRAIT OF JOHN PALMER. SILHOUETTES BY CHODOWIECKI. LITERARY CONTENTS. ELLEN TERRY, A Wordtby. . . , , J. S, 95A NOTE ACCOMPANYING PLATE 14 %FREDERICK ROBSON, Some Memoirs and Notes . . H. C. Hotten, George Augustus Salaand Others . . . . • 97A PARLIAMENTARY REPORT, 1866 With Referencesto Frederick Robson • j21STAGE DESIGNS IN LONDON. The Exhibition ofGordon Craig's Designs for Ibsen's «« Pretenders " . . ' J. S.; Ashley Dukes, &amp;H. M. Wal- A LOST COLLABORATION CoJTcLg ' \f0PETITION BallUla da RW„|o . . ,32A NOTE ON JOHN PALMER, ACTOR mDANIEL NICHOLAS CHODOWIECKI . A. C. " . 134BOOK REVIEWS &amp; EDITORIAL NOTES. ILLUSTRATIONS. ELLEN TERRY ...SILVER CASKET TO CONTAIN THE ASHES OF 95ELLEN TERRY, Designed bv T P ir* *»PORTRAIT OF FREDERICK ROBSON* " ' ' p 7*"' ,' t \ ' " 96„ , „ , N&gt; * * • From a Photograph . ■ 15, follow 110PORTRAITS OF FREDERICK ROBSON IN TWO OF " # * &gt;6, precede 111HIS ROLES „ „ „ BELLEN J ERRY WITH HER SISTER MARION TERRY ■ ■ » ' . !I' *7 litAN ACTOR'S PETITION ' tr ,, * 8' precede 127JOHN PALMER, ACTOR " j/0" "°u P ' " '9' 134A PORTRAIT OF FREDERICK ROBSON ' ' ... " " 20' precec3e 135nwcauiN . . . prom a publication of MessrsSILHOUETTES . ,Hursl &amp; BIacke» • • Page 125* Daniel Nicholas Chodowiecki. n 124, 129131. 133, 134Head and Tail Pieces from old and modern Designs. ELLEN TERRY. Plate 13. ELLEN TERRY J. S. BORN AT COVENTRY FEBRUARY 27. 18 4 8WORKED CONTINUOUSLY FROM APRIL 1856 TO APRIL 1921DIED AT SMALL HYTHE, KENT, - JULY 21 1928 WRITTEN ON THE FLYLEAF OF ELLEN TERRY'SCOPY OF THE GLOBE EDITION OF THE WORKSOF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE: —" Sir, I am a poor friend of yoursthat loves you "• E. T.«• All's Well that End's Well ". She was very much a daughter of Shakespeare, and when she spokehis prose it was as though she was repeating something she hadheard at home.... something said that morning.This voice of prose had in it unexpected rhythms which somehowwe seemed to recognise as a familiar thing : — it was English.It was perhaps the only perfect English voice of the age ; thecadences were as clear as day and as simple end as miraculous. At least so it did seem to me. SILVER CASKET CONTAINING THE ASHESOF ELLEN TERRY. npHE CASKET SHOWN ON THE OPPOSITE PAGE, WAS1 DESIGNED BY J. PAUL COOPER AND MADE BY HIMIN SILVER, TO CONTAIN THE ASHES OF ELLEN TERRY.ON EACH OF THE SIDES IT HAS A SMALL PANELREPRESENTING SOME BIRD OR BEAST OF THEENGLISH COUNTRY-SIDE.THE MASK " HAS BEEN GRANTED EXCLUSIVE PERMISSION FORTHE PUBLICATION OF THIS DPJSIGN. THE SILVER CASKET. Plate 14. FREDERICK ROBSONA SKETCH BY GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALAWITH A PREFACE BY H. C. HOTTENAND ADDITIONAL NOTES GATHEREDFROM VARIOUS SOURCES. FOREWORD J. S. The essay by Mr. George Augustus Sala which ishere reprinted, we believe for the first time sinceit was published by H. C. Hotten in 1864, is aboutone of the most remarkable geniuses of the British Stage.Why he should have been recognized at all onlyto be supported in a lukewarm manner, is the puzzle.Destroy Genius at birth or support it unless theNation is impoverished. And what nation is ever sopoor as that ?Here is gathered the most we know of his life.A " Life " will appear it is to be hoped, before ano- ther twenty-five years go by O. PREFACE BY H . C. HOTTEN. J. C. H. NOT far from the Strand, and near that seedy para- dise for players and stage professionals, Maiden- lane, Covent-garden, is situated an odd little cluster ofcourts, alleys, holes and corners, known as Bedford- bury (2).This miniature rookery has the usual wonderfulshops — wonderful for the strange goods they sell —wonderful for the strange old people who sit inside thedoors like so many human spiders — and doubly won- derful by reason of their keeping open without theleast appearance of doing any business.There are key shops, with thousands of rusty oldkeys, some curiously and, indeed, handsomely designed; furniture shops, with the strangest old tables and chairs ;c&lt; sweet-stuff" shops, with the farthing and halfpennyliterature hung on strings in the window panes ; a herbshop, where a snuffy old man surrounded by preservedtape-worms and stomach wolves, sells his stalks androots for the cure of all human ills.Well, in the centre of this little community is alittle square — not exactly a square because the pa- ved area is three times as long as it is broad, besidesbeing crooked at both ends, (but this was the waythey built their squares formely) — well, in this square,in 1836, and when he was fifteen years old, oneThomas Robson Brownbill, a little boy from Margate,was apprenticed to Mr. Smellie the copper-plate en- graver, and well-known printer of Mr. George Cruik- shank's humorous plates.Master Brownbill's friends had found him crazyafter the stage as other urchins sometimes are after asea-life. Various professions, less romantic but concei- ved to be more respectable, were mentioned to him,but, with the exception of the graver's art he wouldnot listen to any one of them. This he thought hemight like, so his mother resolved to try him. Thelad soon became an immense favourite with his masterand the workmen, and they familiarly nick-named him" Bill ", " little Bill ", a sort of jocose shortening ofhis surname, Brownbill — for he was not known asRobson, until some years later, when he adopted achristian name as his theatrical title, adding Frederickwhich he considered decidedly stylish and quite out ofthe common ; a custom, not very unusual, I believe, withother ladies and gentlemen of his profession. I metone of the workmen the day after his death, and toldhim of his old comrade's departure. " What, littleBill gone !" he said. "AhI he was a merry lad, buthe had better-by-half'a stuck to the bench "." Little Bill " soon began to exhibit his theatricaltastes to the workmen, and his powers of mimicry keptthe establishment from morn until night in a continualstate of good humour. If a knife grinder, or othertravelling oddity entered the court, Bill buttoned up hiscoat, cocked his hat, and bawled in imitation until thetears ran down the men's faces with laughter. Theapprentice always dressed showily, and usually had hishair artificially curled in ringlets. His hat was an ex- tra size with a twisted brim, and as he wore this some- what jauntily set upon a rather large sized head, thevulgar boys of the court used to call him the " littlebig headAlas for the uncertainties of parental authority ! Al- though the days were occupied over the graver, thenights were almost as regularly spent on the two orthree amateur stages which were then to be met within this neighbourhood, and the costume we have justmentioned, and the ringlets, were simply the effects ofthe mind's bent and the evening's recreation. Theyouth, however, never shirked work for play ; and hismaster used to say that there was not a man or boyin his shop who was so regular in the morning's atten- dance as " little BrownbillAt this time he livedwith his mother — his father had been dead manyyears — in Henry-street, Vauxhall, so that he hadsome distance to walk daily.He was bound for seven years, but only stoppedfour with his master. An unforeseen circumstance hap- pening, the now skilful engraver and amateur theatricalfound himself at nineteen out of his time, and his ownmaster. Whether it was a promise made to his mother,or that he feared to rely entirely on the stage for alivelihood, we do not know, but certain it is that im- mediately upon obtaining his liberty he did not go andenlist, without more ado, in the dramatic corps of oneof the London theatres. In his old apprenticeship days,he used to say he would do so directly an opportunityoffered itself; but this was probably one of those littlethreats with which sanguine young people are apt tothoughtlessly alarm their fidgetty elders.His master gave up business in the old court, andremoved to Scotland, and the amateur theatrical, findinghimself free, very wisely conceived that a little businessmight be formed out of the old customers that Mr.Smellie had abandoned. Mr. Robson Brownbill nowtook a shop in Brydges-street, Covent-garden, and herehe carried on business as a " master" engraver fortwelve months. During the whole of this time he con- tinued to take part in amateur performances, and a fa- vourite song, both with himself and his audiences, was" Lord Lovel", — generally sung in character. Fi- nally, one morning, his neighbours in Brydges-street ob- served, by a piece of paper attached to the shutters of Mr. Brownbill's shop, that business had been relinqui- shed. The engraver had taken home his tools to keepas curiosities, and had accepted the offer of a countrymanager.From that time to the present he has been beforea public — one at first small and provincial, but latterlylarge and metropolitan — as FREDERICK RoBSON.1 have just said that he kept his tools when hegave up his business. He used to say to an old friendthat he never looked at or handled them without plea- sant reminiscences of those early apprentice days passedin the quaint little Bedfordbury-square — days unalloy- ed by the cares of managerial life or mental dejection.These, readers, are our recollections of the appren- tice days of this wonderful little man. Since his decease,a carefully written summary of the principal events inhis career has been prepared by one who knew himvery well when living. This short biography (the ful- lest which has yet appeared) is here given to the rea- der as a prologue to the descriptive " Sketch " of Mr.Sala : — " The death of Mr. F. Robson, at the com- paratively early age of 43, though not altogether unex- pected by those who knew his physical condition, isa sad event to chronicle. He died on Friday, the12th inst., after a long and complicated illness, whichended in dropsy. His medical adviser — Dr. Fer- gussen — had given him up several weeks ago, andhis family were, therefore, not unprepared for hisdecease." His career as an actor has been very short, butvery remarkable. He was born at Margate, in 1821,and at one time threatened to become one of thoseunnatural productions — an " infant prodigy ". Whenvery young, he had several opportunities of seeing Ed- mund Kean, before that great actor took his farewellbenefit, in 1830.He caught the most striking mannerisms of thetragedian, and succeeded in reproducing them with farmore than the average skill of a precocious child withdramatic instincts." His first efforts as an actor may be said to havebeen made as an infant imitator of Edmund Kean.His friends appear to have striven to wean him fromthe stage, by apprenticing him to a copper-plate en- graver in the neighbourhood of Covent-garden; but the intensely theatrical atmosphere of the districtrevived his youthful ambition. Like many moregreat actors, he paid to make a first appearance, andwas kindly told that he had ' mistaken his vocationThe once famous amateur theatre in Catherine-street,Strand, was the scene of his first real trial performance,and he played ' Simon Mealbag ', in the domestic dramaof Grace Huntley. Undaunted by many adverse opi- nions passed upon his raw acting, he persisted in doingwhat he felt he could do, and accepted an engage- ment to act in a room as ' second utility * in the oldoyster-town of Whitstable, in Kent. His position herewas not as good as that of a nameless stroller whom1 lately saw playing Robert Macaire in a booth onthe beach of that very town, but still he liked theplace and often passed a day or two there when hetook holiday. His theatrical apprenticeship at Whit- stable was not lost time, for he acquired, amongst otherthings, that thorough command of the Kentish dialectwhich he afterwards made so effective at the Olympicin characters like Daddy Hardacre and the old manin the Porter's Knot."From Whitstable he went to many other smallplaces, appeared at Uxbridge, got as far as Glasgow, andfrom there came to London, where he acted for a veryshort time at the City of London Theatre. Early in1844 he accepted an engagement at the Grecian Sa- loon Theatre, in the City-road, appearing in the funnyold farce of the Illustrious Stranger. His success (Ihappened to be present at his first performance) wasimmediate and complete. The Grecian Theatre at thistime was under the management of its founder, Mr. T.Rouse — a man who did more than any other ma- nager to improve the representation of the drama at theminor theatres. The place was a ' saloon ' — that isto say, drinking and smoking went on during the perforrnance, but the pieces put upon the stage were all ofa high class, and the scenery and appointments wouldnot have disgraced the Olympic during the brilliantreign of Vestris and Planche. The light operas ofBoieldieu, Adolphe Adam, Auber, and others, werevery creditably given, with principal singers like thelate Mr. Frazer, of Covent-garden, and a tolerable bandand chorus. The admission fees were low, the placewas comfortably and even luxuriously fitted up, the entertainments were on the most liberal scale, and theproprietor sat every night in a box in full view of theaudience, keeping order with as much dignity as theSpeaker of the House of Commons." At this saloon theatre, Mr. Robson remained formore than five years, playing many of those charac- ters, such as the Wandering , Boots at theSwan, &amp;c., which he afterwards rendered famous atthe Olympic. His peculiar and original tragi-comic veinwas often shown, though not in burlesque properly socalled ; and as the place, retained some of the featuresof the old tavern 'sing-song' from which it sprang, hewas often called upon to exercise his genius as a comicsinger. After the plays were over in the theatre, a' miscellaneous concert ' was given in one of the largesaloons attached to the grounds, and here ' Willikins 'and the 4 Country Fair ' — which afterwards kept twofarces alive at the Olympic for nearly a twelvemonth —were often heard between eleven o'clock and midnight." When Mr. Robson left the Grecian Theatre, in1850, it was to accept a more lucrative engagementwhich had been shrewdly offered him by Mr. HenryWebb (the chief of the two ' brothers Dromio') whowas then, and is still, the lessee of the Queen's Theatre,Dublin. Mr. Robson played with great success atDublin and Belfast for two or three years, until a mis- understanding arose between him and his audience.While acting in a drunken scene he pronounced a par- ticular word in such a way that it sounded like 'priest',and this was taken as a studied insult to the Romancatholics. Something like a riot ensued. The next daya meeting was called by the manager, and explanationswere given to delegates from the audience ; but thoughMr. Robson was allowed to appear again, he wascoldly received, and acted with evident nervousness.He left for London soon after, and his place was takenby Mr. Toole." In 1855 O, Mr. Robson was engaged by Mr. Far- ren at the Olympic, and he appeared at Easter in thefarce of Catching an Heiress He made very little im- pression in this part, although his career was now watch- ed with much interest by a critical few, but his timearrived in a few weeks later, when the late Francis Talfourd's burlesque of Macbeth was produced. Inthis Mr. Robson played the chief character, and histragi-comic style burst upon the town with all the forceof an undoubtedly new creation. Never, perhaps, inthe history of the stage, and certainly not within thememory of the present generation was such a strangecompound seen of passion, humour, pathos, and eccen- tricity. In less than three months after this he renew- ed his triumph by playing 4 Shy lock ' in another bur- lesque by the same author ; and this, with 4 Jem Baggs 'in the Wandering Minstrel T a marvel of realisticart, established him at once as a great and originalEnglish actor. When Mr. Farren gave up the theatreand it was taken by Mr. and. Mrs. Alfred Wigan,Mr. Robson was retained as a most valuable attraction.His first essay in the serious part of Fouche's secretaryin Plot and Passion was another great success ; and thiswas followed by the Yellow Dwarf — a ghoul-like imper- sonation in a burlesque by Mr. Planche, and the chiefcharacter in the late Robert Brough's Medea. Thelatter, as represented by Mr. Robson, was a marvellouspicture of what we may call tragedy off stilts — su- blime in its savage intensity, and life-like and human inits common-place features.44 Madame Ristori saw it, and was astonished atthe genius of an actor who could produce such effectswith such materials. When Mr. Alfred Wigan gaveup the Olympic in 1857, the house was taken byMr. Robson, Mr. Emden, and Mr. Bentinck, and forseveral years the new management prospered. Mr. Robsonwas the chief attraction, and he created a number ofparts — such as Daddy , 4 Pawkins', inRetained for the Defence, and the old man in The Porter sKnot, which will probably die with him. The terrible forceof the first, the rich overflowing humour of the second,and the homely pathos of the third impersonation willlong be remembered. His 4 Wormwood', in The Lot- tery Ticket, and Boots at the Swan were equallygood. In everything Mr. Robson did — with very fewexceptions — there was evidence of a deep study of life,and an instinctive knowledge of human nature. Mr.Robson always thought for himself, and copied no tra- ditional stage models. He was not like Liston, norMunden, nor any of the great actors of a past time.He stood alone on. a peculiar piece of ground — half- way between tragedy and comedy. No actor whoever trod the boards has given rise to more discussionas to his half-hidden capabilities. Many think that inspite of his small though neat figure, he could have sca- led the highest heights of tragedy ; others think that hewas a mere farce actor, and little more. Our ownimpression is that he wanted nothing but confidence todo anything which fire, impulse, and true genius, cando. He had worked hard and honestly for so manyyears — as well as he ever worked — without cri- tical recognition, that when it came at last he couldhardly believe in its reality. He was often hauntedby an idea that there was some delusion in his sue-,cess, and that his fall would be as sudden and markedas his rise. He was very nervous, and his sufferingson a ' first night ' were painful to behold. He tooktoo little rest, and was too much the slave of nervousexcitement. Stimulants only increased the evil, and theresult was a broken down man at forty :Cut is the branch that might hade grown full straightAnd burned is Apollo's laurel bough." Mr. Robson showed signs of serious illness morethan two years ago, though he appeared with muchof his old power as a travelling tinker in Mr. WattsPhillips's play of Camillas Husband, near the close of1862. This was the last new part which he ever re-,presented, and soon after this period his performancesbecame so fitful and uncertain, that practically he hadretired from the London stage. He leaves a widowand family, and a son who is following his father'sprofession ".The son, I believe, is at Dublin, in the old theatre,where his father was once the popular favourite.Another writer has made public a few interestingreminiscences, which will not be deemed out of placehere : —45 Sixteen years ago", he says, " I went to theGrecian Theatre (then known as the Grecian Saloon, andjust emancipated from the influence of the ' Eagle ' andBravo Rouse ), and saw a little man play Jacob Ear--wig in Boots at the Swan, in the most astoundingly humourous manner. I found from the bills that hisname was Robson, and I came back and talked togreat critics of west-end theatres about him, but he wasunknown, and they would not take the trouble to goand see him. Next I heard of him at the Olympic,under Mr. Farren's management, where he played Shy- lock in a sorry burlesque, and wore three hats anddanced in a comic pas de deux with poor clever GeorgeCooke, who, to represent Antonio as a ' fawning pub- lican \ wore a white apron and a red nose. In Shy- lock Mr. Robson first showed some flashes of that won- derful grotesque tragi-comic power, which afterwardstook the town by storm. Then he endowed withwondrous vitality, the awful hero of what had hithertobeen considered a very had farce, called The Wan- dering Minstrel, the production of Mr. Henry Mayhew,and then and thenceforward all London came to seeRobson.Since his decease most of the London daily andweekly journals have devoted a portion of their spaceto a review of the wonderful talents of this strangegenius. The similarity of view taken of his powersmight at first surprise, until we remember that his crea- tions were all of the same order, all equally new andmarvellous, and striking the beholder with much thesame kind of delightful wonderment. One writer saysof him : —" Out of materials trivial and unworthy, he couldelaborate characters that startled you by their weird,wild force. In his apparently reckless drollery, therewas an, undercurrent of passion whose strength and ra- pidity were amazing. You saw capering about thestage, absurdly clad, now mouthing tumid bombast, nowchanting some street song, a strange figure — one ofthe quaintest of buffoons. Nothing more ? Of a sud- den, the actor would be in earnest ; the eyes that hadbeen winking with a knowing vulgarity all at once look- ed you full in the face, mastered you at a glance;there was a passionate cry, a taunting shout, or a wailof utter heartrending misery in the voice which hadjust been trolling a Cockney ditty ; and then, ere yourtears, so strangely surprised from you, were dry, themime was again prancing or strutting, all the earnestnessgone out of him, a mountebank, but one of bewilderingand fantastic freaks, of swift and perplexing changes. What was this new phenomenon ? Had the man mis- taken his vocation ? You could fancy for a moment, asyou watched him, that from those lips there would comewith a new force the terrible curse of LEAR, or themiserable pleading of the broken king with his crueldaughters. Presto, and all was over —he was again a' low comedian'. Wonderful were these transitions of his ".Another journalist in speaking of the marvellouslittle man, very appropriately connects his name withthat of a genius who possessed powers equally strangeand startling, in their fantastic and unique character,with those of the diminutive actor " who every nighthad to paint his face and make a crowd laugh or cry,as he listed" : —" We are inclined to believe", he says, " that theworld might never have known all that was in Frede- rick Robson if he had not known Robert Brough.There was a freemasonry of genius between those twogifted men — each, alas! cut off before his life-workwas half accomplished — which gave the author aninsight into the powers of the actor, and afforded tohim the hint upon which his own rare faculties enabledhim to act without delay. Ostensibly a comic writer,and overflowing with rich and racy humour, RobertBrough had much of the spirit of Edgar Poe, thoughwithout a tinge of his extravagance. There was atone of serious sentiment underlying his drollest conceits,and intensity was interwoven with his grotesque. Tothe genius of Frederick Robson working upon the ma- terial supplied to it by that of Robert Brough, theworld was indebted for those incomparable performancesof Medea and Masaniello, which must linger in thememory of those who witnessed them, as marvels suchas they can scarcely hope to look upon again ".Mr. Sala's sketch which follows was written in Ame- rica for American readers. The writer's hope, that hemay find upon his return the great actor " once morea hale and valid man ", will not, alas be realized.The remains of the deceased gentleman were inter- red on the 17th inst., at Norwood Cemetary, a spotthe actor had chosen for his last resting place sometime ago, when the complaint which finally carried himoff made its first appearance in a violent, but not fatal, form. Piccadilly, Aug. 20- 1864. (1) We refer our readers to a note sent us by his son, printed amongEditorial Notes.(2) Properly this name only applies to the narrow thoroughfare whichleads through the heart of the district, from New-street to Chandos-sireet. (1) Joseph Knight says 1853.(2) Playing the part of 44 Tom Twig. (1) By Henry Mayhew.(2) By Tom Taylor, He played the part of Desmarets J. K.He played also in the 44 Camp "of Planche at the Olympic. J. K. ROBSON: A SKETCH. LONDON 1864 BY GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALA. PORTRAIT OF FREDERICK ROBSON. Plate 15. PORTRAIT OF FREDERICK ROBSON. Plate 16. . T i .|N the whole or London there is not a dirtier, narrow-I er, and more disreputable thoroughfare than WychStreet. It runs from the lowest part of Drury Lane where Nell Gwyn once had her lodgings, and stood ather door in very primitive costume to see the milkmaidsgo a-Maying, and parallel to Holywell Street and theStrand, into the churchyard of St. Clements Danes. Nogood, it was long supposed, could ever come out ofWych Street. The place had borne an evil name forcenturies. Up a horrible little court branching north- ward from it good old George Cruikshank once show- ed me the house where Jack Shepherd, the robberand prison-breaker, served his apprenticeship to Mr.Wood, the carpenter; and on a beam in the loft ofthis house Jack is said to have carved his name. Whenthe pavement of the Strand is under repair, WychStreet becomes, perforce, the principal channel of com- munication between the east and the west end; andTheodore Hook used to say that he never passedthrough Wych Street in a hackney-coach without beingblocked up by a hearse and a coal-wagon in the van,and a mud-cart and the Lord Mayor's carriage in therear. Wych Street is among the highways we Eng- lish are ashamed to show to foreigners. We havethreatened to pull it down bodily, any time thesetwo hundred years, and a portion of the sou- thern side, on which the old Lyons inn abutted,has indeed been razed, preparatory to the erection ofa grand metropolitan hotel on the American system; butthe funds appear not to be forthcoming; the schemelanguishes; and, on the other side of the street, anotherlegal hostelry, New inn, still flourishes in weedy damp- ness, immovable in the strength of vested interests. Itis full of quaint old Tudor houses, with tall gables,carved porches, and lattice-casements; but the picturesqueappearance cf these tenements compensates but ill fortheir being mainly dens of vice and depravity, in- habited by the vilest offscourings of the enormous city.Next to Napoli senza sole, Wych Street, Drury Lane, is,morally and physically, about the shadiest street I know. In Wych Streets stands, nevertheless, an oasis inthe midst of a desert, a pretty and commodious littletheatre, called the . The entertainments hereprovided have earned, for brilliance and elegance, sowell-deserved a repute, that the Olympic Theatre hasbecome one of the most favourite resorts of the Britisharistocracy. The Brahminical classes appear oblivious ofthe yellow streak of caste, when they come hither. Onfour or five nights in every week during the season,Drury Lane is rendered well-nigh impassible by splen- -did equipages which have conveyed dukes and marqui- ses and members of Parliament to the Olympic. Fre- quently, but prior to the lamented death of Prince Al- bert, you might observe, if you passed through WychStreet in the forenoon, a little platform, covered withfaded red cloth, and shaded by a dingy, striped awn- ing, extending from one of the entrance-doors of theOlympic to the edge of the sidewalk. The initiatedbecame at once aware that Her Most Gracious Majes- ty intended to visit the Olympic Theatre that veryevening. The Queen of England goes to theatres no -more; but the Prince of Wales and his pretty young wife,the stout, good-tempered Duke of Cambridge, and his sis- ter, the bonny Princess Mary, are still constant visi- tors to Wych Street. So gorgeous is often the assem- blage in this murkiest of streets, that you are remin- ded of the days when the French noblesse, in all thepride of hoops and hair-powder, deigned to flock to thelowly wine-shop of Ramponneau.My business, however, is less with the OlympicTheatre, as it at present exists, than with its immediatepredecessor. About fifteen years ago, there stood inWych Street a queer, low-browed little building witha rough wooden portico before it, — not unlike sucha portico as I have recently seen in front of a dilapi- dated inn at Culpepper, Virginia, — and with littleblinking windows, very much resembling the port-holesof a man-of-war. According to tradition, the place had,indeed, a kind of naval origin. Old King George III.,who, when he was not mad, or meddling with politics,was really a good-natured kind of man, once madePhilip Astley, the riding-master, and proprietor of thecircus in South Lambeth, a present of a dismantled seventy-four gun-ship captured from the French. Withthese timbers, some lath and plaster, a few bricks, anda little money, Astley ran up a theatre dedicated tothe performance of interludes and burlettas, — that is,of pieces in which the dialogue was not spoken, butsung, in order to avoid interference with the patent- rights of Drury Lane and Covent Garden. In our days,this edifice was known as the Olympic. When I knewthis theatre first, it had fallen into a state of seeminglyhopeless 'decadence. Nobody succeeded there. Tolease the Olympic Theatre was to court bankruptcyand invite collapse. The charming Vestris had beenits tenant for a while. There Liston and Wrench haddelighted the town with their most excellent fooling.1 here many of Planche's most sparkling burlesques hadbeen produced. There a perfect boudoir of a green- room had been fitted up by Bartolozzi's beautiful andwitty daughter;, and there Hook and Jerrold, HaynesBayiey and A Beckett had uttered their wittiestsayings. But the destiny of the Olympic was indomi- table. There was nae luck about the house; and ElizaVestris went bankrupt at last. Management after ma- nagement tried its fortunes in the doomed little house,but without success. Desperate adventurers seized uponit as a last resource, or chose it as a place wherein toconsummate their ruin. The Olympic was contiguousto the Insolvent Debtors' Court, in Portugal Street, andfrom the Paint-pots of the Olympic scene-room to thewhitewash of the commercial tribunal there was but onestep.It must have been in 1848 that the famous come- dian, William barren, having realized a handsome for- tune as an actor, essayed to lose a considerable portionof his wealth by becoming a manager. He succeededin the last-named enterprise quite as completely as hehad done in the other: I mean, that he lost a largesum of money in the Olympic Theatre. He played allkinds of pieces; among others, he gave the public two veryhumourous burlesques, founded on Shakespeare's playsof " Macbeth " and " The Merchant of Venice ". Theauthors were two clever young Oxford men: FrankTalfourd, the son of the poet-judge, — father and sonare, alas! both dead, — and William Hale, the sonof the well-known Archdeacon and Master of the Char- ter-House. Shakespearian burlesques were no novelty to the town. We had had enough and to spare ofthem. W. J. Hammond, the original Sam IVeller inthe dramatized version of " Pickwick ", had made peo- ple laugh in " Macbeth Travestie and " Othello ac- cording to Act of Parliament . The Olympic bur- lesques were slightly funnier, and not nearly socoarse as their fore-runners; but they were still ofno striking salience. Poorly mounted, feebly play- ed, — save in one particular, — they drew butthin houses. Gradually, however, you began to hear *at clubs and in critical coteries — at the Albion andthe Garrick and the Cafe de 1'Europe, at Evans's andat Kilpack's, at the Reunion in Maiden Lane and atRules's oyster-room, where poor Albert Smith used toreign supreme — rumours about a new actor. I tienew man was playing Macbeth and Shy lock h* Tal-„fourd and Hale's parodies. He was a little stuntedfellow, not very well-favoured, not very young. No- body — among the bodies who were anybody — hadever heard of him before. Whence he came, or whathe was, none knew; but everybody came at last to -care. For this little stunted creature, with his hoarsevoice and nervous gestures and grotesque delivery, hissnarls, his leers, his hunchings of the shoulders, his con- tortions of the limbs, his gleaming of the and his grindings of the teeth, was a genius. Hebecame town-talk. He speedily grew famous. Hehas been an English, I might almost say a European,I might almost say a world-wide celebrity ever since ;and his name was FREDERICK ROBSON.Eventually it was known, when the town grew in- quisitive and the critics were compelled to ferret outhis antecedents, that the new actor had already attainedmiddle age, — that he had been vegetating for yearsin that obscurest and most miserable of all dramatic _positions, the low comedian of a country theatre, —that he had come timidly to London and accepted ata low salary the post of buffoon at a half-theatre half- saloon in the City Road, called indifferently the " Gre- cian " O and the " Eagle ", where he had danced andtumbled, and sung comic songs, and delivered the dis- mal waggeries set down for him, without any markedsuccess, and almost without notice. He was a quiet, unassuming little man, this Robson, seemingly withoutvanity and without ambition. He had a wife and fa- ll. mily to maintain, and drew his twenty-five or thirtyshillings weekly with perfect patience and resignation,A weary period, however, elapsed between his ap- pearence at the Olympic and his realization of finan- p cial success. The critics and the connoisseurs talkedabout him a long time before the public could be per- suaded to go and see him, or the manager to raise his-salary. That doomed house with the wooden porticowas in the way. At last the wretched remnant of theFrench seventy-four caught fire and was burned to theground. Its ill-luck was consistent to the last. A pooractor, named Bender, had engaged the Olympic for abenefit. He was to pay twenty pounds for the use ofthe house. He had just sold nineteen pounds' worthof tickets, and trusted to the casual receipts at the doorfor his profits. At a few minutes before six o'clock,having to play in the first piece, he proceeded to thetheatre, and entered his dressing-room. By half-past• six the whole house was in a blaze. Bender, half un- dressed, had only time to save himself; and his coat,* with the nineteen pounds in the pocket, fell a prey tothe flames. After this, will you tell me that there isnot such a thing as ill-luck ?The Olympic arose " like a phoenix from its ashes ".To use language less poetical, a wealthy tradesman —a cheesemonger, I think — found the capital to buildup a new theatre. The second edifice was elegant,almost splendid ; but in the commencement it seem- ed fated to undergo as evil fortune as its precursor.1 cannot exactly remember whether it was in the oldor the new Olympic — but I think it was in the newone — that the notorious Walter Watts ran a briefwand sumptuous career as manager. He produced manypieces, some of them his own, in a most luxuriousmanner. He was a man about town, a viveur, a dandy;and it turned out one morning that Walter Watts hadbeen, all along, a clerk in the Globe Insurance Office,at a salary of a hundred and fifty pounds a year; andthat he had swindled his employers out of enormoussums of money. He was tried, nominally for stealing" a piece of paper, value one penny ", being a check• which he had abstracted ; but it was understood thathis defalcations were little short of ninety thousand pounds sterling. Watts was convicted, and sentenced to tenyears transportation. The poor wretch was not of theheroically villanous mould in which the dashing crimi- nals who came after him, Robson and Redpath, werecast. He was troubled with a conscience. He haddrunk himself into delirium tremens; and starting fromhis pallet one night in a remorseful frenzy, he hanged *himself in the jail.It was during the management of Alfred Wigan atthe New Olympic that Frederick Robson began to beheard of again. An old, and not a very clever farce,by one of the Brothers Mayhew, entitled " The Wan- dering Minstrel", had been revived. In this farce,Robson was engaged to play the part of Baggs,an itinerant vocalist and flageolet-player, who, in tatter- ed attire, roams about from town to town, making theair hideous with his performances. The part was apaltry one, and Robson, who had been engaged mainlyat the instance of the manager's wife, a very shrewdand appreciative lady, who had persisted in declaringthat the ex-low-comedian of the Grecian had " some- thing in him eked it out by singing an absurd dittycalled " Vilikins and his Dinah". The words andthe air of " Vilikins " were, if not literally as old asthe hills, considerably older than the age of Queen.Elizabeth. The story told in the ballad, of a father'scruelty, a daughter's anguish, a sweetheart's despair,and the ultimate suicide of both the lovers, is, albeitcouched in uncouth and grotesque language, as pathe- tic as the tragedy of "Romeo aud Juliet". Robsongave every stanza a nonsensical refrain of " Right too- ral lol looral, right tooral lol lay At times, whenhis audience was convulsed with merriment, he wouldcome to a halt, and gravely observe, " This is not acomic song'' ; but London was soon unanimous thaLsuch exquisite comicality had not been heard for manyalong year. "Vilikins and his Dinah" created arore. My countrymen are always mad about some- thing; and Englishmen and Englishwomen all agreed togo crazy about " Vilikins ". " Right tooral lol looral "was on every lip. Robson's portrait as Jem Baggs wasin every shop-window. A newspaper began an editorialwith the first line of "Vilikins". —" It's of a liquor-merchant who in London diddwell A Judge of Assize absolutely fined the High She- riff of a county one hundred pounds for the mingled_ contempt shown in neglecting to provide him with anescort of javelin-men and introducing the irrepressible" Right tooral lol looral " into a speech delivered at theopening of circuit. Nor was the song all that waswonderful in Jem Baggs. His " Make-up " was su- perb. The comic genius of Robson asserted itself inan inimitable lagging gait, an unequalled snivel, acoat and pantaloons every patch on and every rent inwhich were artistic, and a hat inconceivably battered,crunched, and bulged out of normal, and into preter- natural shape.New triumphs awaited him. In the burlesque of" 1he Yellow Dwarf", he showed a mastery of thegrotesque which approached the terrible. Years before,in Macbeth, he had personated a red-headed, fire-eating,whisky-drinking Scotchman, — and in Shylock, a servile,fawning, obsequious, yet, when emergency arose, a pas- sionate and vindictive Jew. In the Yellow Dwarf hewas the jaundiced embodiment of a spirit of Orientalevil : crafty, malevolent, greedy, insatiate, — full ofmockery, mimicry, lubricity, and spite, — an Afrit, aDjinn, a Ghoul, a spawn of Sheitan. How that mon- strous orange-tawny head grinned and wagged ! Howthose flaps of ears were projected forwards, like untothose of a dog ! How balefully these atrabilious eyesglistened ! You laughed, and yet you shuddered. Hespoke in mere doggerel and slang. He sang trumperysongs to negro melodies. He danced the Lancashire- clog-hornpipe ; he rattled out puns and conundrums ; yetdid he contrive to infuse into all this mummery and buf- foonery, into this salmagundi of the incongruous andthe outre, an umistakable tragic element, — an ele- ment of depth and strength and passion, and almost ofsublimity. The mountebank became inspired. The JackPudding suddenly drew the cothurnus over his clogs.You were awe-stricken by the intensity, the vehemencehe threw into the mean balderdash of the burlesque- monger. These qualities were even more apparent inhis subsequent personation of Medea, in Robert Brough'sparody of the Franco-Italian tragedy. The love, thehate, the scorn, of the abandoned wife of Jason, thediabolic loathing in which she holds Creusa, the tige- rish affection with which she regards the children whom she is afterwards to slay, — all these were portrayedby Robson, through the medium, be it always remem- bered, of doggerel and slang, with astonishing force andvigour. The original Medea, the great Ristori herself,came to see Robson, and was delighted with andamazed at him. She scarcely understood two words -of English, but the actor's genius struck her home ■through the bull's-hide target of an unknown tongue. " Uo- mo straordinario ! " she went away saying.I have anticipated the order of his successes, butat this distance of time and place I can keep no chro- ,nological count of them. Robson has always alterna- ted the serio-comic burlesque with pure farce, and afterJem Baggs his brightest hits have been in the deafostler in " Boots at the Swan " and the discharged cri- minal in " Retained for the Defence ". In the burle- sque of " Masaniello ", he had an opportunity — which- some thought would prove a magnificent one to him —of showing the grotesque side of insanity ; but, for somereason or other, the part seemed distasteful to him.It may have been repugnant to his eminently sensitvespirit to exhibit the ludicrous aspect of the most dread- ful of human infirmities. A peste, fame, bello, et de- mentia libera nos, Domine! Perhaps the piece itselfwas weak. At all events, "Masaniello" had but abrief run. A drunken man, a jealous man, a deaf man, a fool;a vagabond, a demon, a tyrant, Robson could marvellouslydepict: in the crazy Neapolitan fisherman he either fai- led or was unwilling to excel. I had been for a longperiod extremely solicitous to see Robson undertake thepart of Sir Giles Overreach in "A New Way to payOld Debts ". You know that Sir Giles, after the dis- covery of the obliterated deed, goes stark staring mad.I should have wished to see him assume Edmund Kean'sown character in the real play itself ; but Robson wasnervous of venturing on a purely " legitimate " role. Iwas half persuaded to write a burlesque on "A NewWay to pay Old Debts and Robson had promisedto do his very best with Sir Giles ; but a feeling, halfof laziness, and half of reverence for the fine old drama,came over me, and I never got farther than the first- scene.By this time some of the foremost dramatists inLondon thought they could discern in Robson latentcharacteristics of a nature far more elevated than those which his previous performances had brought into play.It was decided by those who had a right to renderan authoritative verdict, that he would shine best inthat which we call the " domestic drama ". Here itwas thought his broad fun, rustic waggery, and curiousmastery of provincial dialect might admirably contrastwith the melodramatic intensity, of which in so eminenta degree he was the master. Hence the dramas, writ- ten expressly and deliberately to his measure and capa- city, of " Daddy Hardacre ", " 1he Porter's Knot",and " The Chimney-Corner". When I say written,I mean, of course, translated. Our foremost dramatistshave not yet ceased to borrow from the French; but,like the gypsies, they so skilfully mutilate the childrenthey have stolen, that the theft becomes almost impos- sible to detect. Not one person in five hundred, forinstance, would discover at first sight that a play soapparently English in conception and structure as the" Ticket-of-Leave Man" is, in reality, a translationfrom the French.The success achieved by Robson in the dramas Ihave named was extended, and was genuine. In DaddyHardacre, a skilful adaptation of the usurer in Balzac's" Eugenie Grandet ", it was tremendous. It made me morethan ever wishful to see him in the griping, ruthlessOverreach, foiled at last in his wicked ambition anddriven to frenzy by the destruction of the document bywhich he thought to satisfy his lust of gain. Moliere'sAvare I thought he would have acted wonderfully ; BenJonson's Volpone, in " The Fox , he would surelyhave understood, and powerfully rendered. In the de- voted father of " The Porter's Knot " he was likewisemost excellent: quiet, unaffected, unobtrusive, never for- cing sentiment upon you, never obtaining tears by falsepretences, but throughout solid, sterling, natural, admi- rable. I came at last, however, to the conviction, that,marked as was the distinction gained by this good ac- tor in parts such as these, and as the lighthouse-keeper—- the character originally sustained in private by CharlesDickens — in Wilkie Collins's play, domestic dramawas not his forte; or, rather, that it was not his for- tissimo. In fantastic burlesque, in the comic-terrible,he was unrivalled and inimitable. In the domesticdrama he could hardly be surpassed but he might be ap- proached. Webster, Emery, Addison, could play Daddy Hardacre, or the father in " The Porter'sKnot " ; but none but himself could at once awe and con- vulse in Medea and the Yellow Dwarf. These do- mestic dramas interested, however, as much by theirsubject as by the excellence of his acting. Moreover, thepublic are apt sometimes to grow weary of burlesque,— their eternal grimacing and word-torturing andnegro-singing and dancing. Themes for parody becomeexhausted, and, without long surcease, would not bearrepetition. You may grow puns, like tobacco, until thesoil is utterly worn out. The burlesque writers,too, exhibited signs of weariness and feebleness. Plan- che retired into the Heralds' College. The cleverest ofthe Broughs died. His surviving brother was stupid.Talfourd went to the law before he found an earlygrave. Hale went to India. The younger generationwere scarcely fit to write pantomimes, and it was notalways Christmas. Besides, Robson had become a ma- nager, and thought, perhaps, that weightier parts becamehim. In co-partnership with Mr. Emdem, he had suc- ceeded Alfred Wigan as lessee of the Olympic, andthere 1 hope he has realized a fortune. But wheneverhis brief vacations occurred, and actor-like he proceededto turn them into gold by devoting to performances incountry-theatres those days and nights which should pro- perly have been given to rest and peace, he provedfaithful to his old loves, and Jem Baggs and Boots atthe Swan, Medea and the Yellow Dwarf, continued tobe favourite parts.The popularity attained in England by this mostremarkable of modern actors has never, since the publicwere first aware of his qualities, decreased. Robsonis always sure to draw. The nights of his playing,or of his non-playing, at the Olympic, are as sure agauge of the receipts as the rising and falling of themercury in the thermometer are of the variations of thetemperature. A month's absense of Robson from Lon- don always brought about an alarming depletion in theOlympic treasury. Unhappily, these absenses have oflate years become more irequent, and more and moreprolonged. The health of the great tragi-comedian hasgradually failed him. 1 have been for a long periodwithout news from him ; but I much fear that the hey- day of his health and strength is past. The errors whichmade Edmund Kean, in the prime of life, a shattered wreck, cannot be brought home to Frederick Robson.Rumours, the wildest and the wickedest, have beencirculated about him, as about every other public man;but, to the best of my knowledge and belief, they arewholly destitute of foundation. Don Basile, in Beau- marchais's play, might have added some very pregnantadvice to his memorable counsel, " Calomniez, -niez, il en resultera toujours quelque chose ". He shouldhave taught the world — if the world wants teaching —how to calumniate. The following recipe will be foundI think, infallible. If your enemy be a man of stu- dious and retired habits, hint that he has gone mad ;if you see him alone at a theatre or at church, reportthat he is separated from his wife; and in any case,declare that he drinks. He can't disprove it. If hedrinks water out-of-doors, he may drink like a fish athome. If he walks straight on the street, he may reelin the parlour.Thus, scores of times, the gossip-mongers ofEnglish provincial papers — the legion of " our owncorrespondents , who are a nuisance and a curse toreputable society, wherever that society is to be found— have attributed the vacillating health and the inter- mittent retirements from the stage of the great actor toan over-fondness for brandy-and-water. The sorrowfulsecret of all this is, I apprehend, that poor Robson hasfor years been overworking himself, — and that lat- terly prosperity has laid as heavy a tax upon his timeand energy as necessity imposed upon them when hewas young. Dame Fortune, whether she smile, orwhether she frown, never ceases to be a despot. OverDives and over Lazarus she equally tyrannizes. Inwealth and in poverty does she exact the pound offlesh or the pound of soul. There are seasons in aman s life when Fortune with a radiant savageness criesout to him, " Confound you ! you shall make fifty thou- sand a year ; and she drives him onward to the goalquite as remorselessly as ever slave-owner drove negrointo a rice-ground. The whip that is made of goldenwire hurts quite as much, I opine, as the cowhide.And when, at last, the fortunate man cries out, " 1 amrich, I have enough, Sat me lusistis, ludite nunc alios,I will work and fret myself no more, 1 will retire onmy dividends, and sit me down under my own fig-tree ",— Fortune dismisses him with a sneer : " Retire, if you like ! " cries the implacable, " but take hypochon- dria and ennui, take gout and the palsy, with you ".I should be infinitely rejoiced to hear, when I goback d, that Robson is once more a hale and validman. It is the tritest of platitudes to say that he couldill be spared by the English stage. We never canspare a good actor. As well can we spare a goodbook or a good picture. But there would be muchcause for gratulation, if Robson were spared, ere hispowers definitely decline, to visit the United States.The American people ought to see Robson. Theyhave had our tragedians, good, bad, and indifferent.They have filled the pockets of William Macready andof Charles Kean with dollars. They have heard ourmen-singers and our women-singers, — the birds thatcan sing, and the birds that can't sing, but sing.The most notable of our drolls, Buckstone and Keeley,have been here, and have received a cordial welcome.But Robson has hitherto been lacking on this side theAtlantic. That he would be thoroughly appreciatedby the theatrical public of America I cannot for oneinstant doubt. It is given to England to produce ec- centrics, but for other nations to understand them betterthan the English do. The Germans are better criticsof the satire of Hogarth, the French of the humour ofSterne, and the Americans of the philosophy of Shake- speare, than we to whose country those illustrious be- long. In Boston, in New York, in Philadelphia, crowd- ed and enthusiastic audiences would, I venture to fore- tell, hang on the utterances of Robson, and expoundto their own entire satisfaction his most eloquent by-play,his subtlest gestures. It would be idle, in the endea- vour to give him something like a palpable aspect topeople who have never seen him, to compare him withother great actors yet extant, or who have gone before.In his bursts of passion, in his vehement soliloquies, inthe soul-harrowing force of his simulated invective, heis said to resemble Edmund Kean ; but how are youto judge of an actor who in his comic moments cer- tainly approaches the image we have formed to our- selves of Munden and Dowton, of Bannister and Suett ?To say that he is a Genius, and the Prince of Eccen- tries, is perhaps the only way to cut the Gordian knotof criticism in his instance.Let me add, in conclusion, that Robson, off thestage, is one of the mildest, modestest, most unassumingof men. Painfully nervous he always was. I remem- ber, a dozen years since, and when I was personallyunacquainted with him, writing in some London news- paper an eulogistic criticism of one of his performances.I learned from friends that he had read the article, andhad expressed himself as deeply grateful to me for it.1 just knew him by sight; but for months afterwards,if I met him in the street, he used to blush crimson,and made as sudden a retreat round the nearest corneras was possible. He said afterwards that he hadn'tthe courage to thank me. I brought him to bay atlast, and came to know him very well; and then Idiscovered how the nervousness, the bashfulness, themauvaise honte, which made him so shy and retiringin private, stood him in wonderful stead on the stage.The nervous man became the fretful and capricioustyrant of mock tragedy ; the bashful man warmed atthe foot-lights with passion and power. The mannerwhich in society was a drawback and a defect becamein the pursuit of his art a charm and an excellence.What new parts may be created for Robson, and howhe will acquit himself in them, I cannot presume toprophesy ; but it is certain that he has already doneenough to win for himself in the temple of dramatic famea niche all the more to be envied, as its form and patternmust be, like its occupant, unprecedented and original. (I) See page 99. (1) See page 97. (1) Mr. Sa!a penned this sketch in America, where he is the "Spe- cial Commissioner" of the London Daily Telegraph. (Publisher's Note).It was published in the 41 Atlantic Monthly Editor. HISTORICAL ANDBIOGRAPHICALNOTES &amp; EXTRACTS. THE GRECIAN SALA.FORMERLY THE EAGLE.THE SCENE OF ONE OF ROBSON'SEARLY ENGAGEMENTS. J. S. ONCE " Ihe Shepherd and Shep- herdess " Alehouse stood on thesite of the Eagle Tavern in the CityRoad : Thomas Rouse built the Taverncirca 1825 (rebuilt 1835) with itsGrecian Saloon to come later. Thetavern grounds and Theatre were in1882 sold to General Booth and wereoccupied by the Salvation Army anddemolished in 1901.On HorwoocTs Plan of London, re- produced in Volume XII of " TheMask ' we find the " Shepherd andShepherdess ".clearly marked on Plate 3at the corner of Shepherd's Walk and City Road. IT was first opened by a man namedThomas Rouse, in 1832. Rouse,or " bravo Rouse as he was calledon account of his being always hailedby his patrons with that cry, was anotable man in his time ; he aspiredto a much superior style of entertain- ment to that usually given at the cheaptheatres. Some of the lighter French ope- ras, by Auber, Boieldieu, and AdolpheAdam, were first heard in the humbleprecincts of the City Road, and ren- dered with all the efficiency a goodband, a good chorus, and capable per- formers could impart. Mr. Sims Reeves,in the very early part of his career,was engaged here as a chorus singer. ROUSE lost about £ 2000 a yearby attempting to improve themusical taste of his patrons, but asthe tavern brought in about £ 5000,the debit and credit accounts were very well balanced. The Eagle waslikewise celebrated for its buffo sing- ing. Chief among these artists wereHenry Howell and Robert Glindon.The latter wrote his own songs, and" Biddy thi Basket Woman", the" Literary Dustman ", and severalothers were very celebrated in theirday.The theatre was erected in thegardens where, during the summermonths, there were dancing and sing- ing, al fresco.It was in 1851 that Conquest suc- ceeded Rouse as the manager of theGrecian Saloon. The theatre had ahuge area, within a few feet of thatof Drury Lane; the ground floor for- med an immense pit, and at the backwas a circle.The new management began witha revival of The Midsummer Night*sDream, and legitimate tragedy andcomedy kept the stage for two orthree years to the great loss of the spe- culator.By-and-bye the house was rebuilt;the ground lowered some eighteenfeet, and two tiers of boxes and agallery formed. After the alterationsthe Grecian would hold 3,400 per- sons. Ballets, under the direction ofMrs. Conquest, who was a very finedancer, supported by her pupils, be- came the great feature of the theatre.There were a dancingroom and va- rious entertainments in the grounds, aswell, to add to the attraction of theplace, and the gardens were openedon Sundays for sacred music.From the time Mr. George Con- quest took an active share in the ma- nagement, which was about 1857,pantomime and strong melodrama reign- ed paramount. As a daring gym- nast Mr. Conquest has never had asuperior, and the Grecian pantomimebecame one of the things of theChristmas season. MANY well-known actors graduatedat the old Grecian Theatre. Mostillustrious of all Mr. Sims Reeves,previously mentioned, and FrederickRobson ; the latter was the low co- median from 1844 to 1849 at a sa- lary beginning at thirty shillings a week,and played without exciting any at- tention, except among the immediatepatrons of the house, more than oneof those parts that afterwards drew allLondon to the Olympic.The London Stage, Its His- tory and Traditions from1576-1888 by H. Barton Baker.Vol. 2, {1889) pp. 254-257. THE OLYMPIC THEATRE.THE SCENE OF ROBSON'STRIUMPHS. ROBSON... for some months previousto his engagement at the Olympichad been acting in Dublin, where wemay mention, en passant, he was succeed- ed by Mr. J. L. Toole. He made nomark, however, until he appeared asShylock in Frank Talfourd's burlesqueupon The Merchant of Venice, onJuly 4th in the same year. The nextmorning John Oxenford, the critic ofthe Times, pronounced him to be thegreatest actor that had been seen uponthe London stage since EdmundKean.On the 17th of the following Oc- tober the dramatic sceptre was takenup by Alfred Wigan. The openingbiii was The Camp at the Olympic,and Plot and Passion, with Mrs. Stir- ling, Wiganr Emery, and Robson inthe cast. We may note that thestalls were now raised to five shillings.Up to this time Robson, in spite ofhis success as Shylock, was so littlethought of that, it is said, but forMrs. Wigan, who could perceivesomething of the little man's potentia- lities, he would not have been re-en- gaged. Yet it was Robson's geniusalone that saved Wigan from going theway of his predecessors.A wonderful impersonation and awonderful song in one of the trashiestfarces {The Wandering Minstrel) everwritten, was Robson's first success un- der the new regime. It was morethan a success, it was a furore. Every- body was singing 44 Too roo la!, too,roo la!, too ral li da It was in- troduced upon the most extraordinaryoccasions, even by a counsel in hisaddress to the jury. Jem Baggs waswhat Paul Pry had been to an ear- lier generation, and Villikins and hisDinah was the ballad par excellence,from the Belgravian drawing-room tothe St. Giles's beershop. This wasfollowed by that wonderful series ofburlesques, the greatest of which wasMedea, and those domestic dramasof which Daddy Hardacre aud ThePorter's Knot were the type, until theOlympic became what the Lyceum isnow—the most fashionable theatre inLondon; night after night the string ofcoroneted carriages would reach al- most the entire length of Drury Lane— and it must be remembered thatdramatic entertainments were not fa- shionable in those days, the tide didnot even begin to turn until severalyears later.Poor Robson 1 his career was as brief as it was brilliant, and its bril- liance was dulled long before theend.Who that saw him when in fullpossession of his powers can everforget that strange-looking little man,with the small body and the bighead, who played upon his audienceas though they had been the keys ofa piano, now convulsing them withlaughter as he perpetrated some out- rageous drollery, now hushing theminto awe-struck silence with an electri- cal burst of passion or pathos, or hold- ing them midway between terrorand laughter as he performed someweirdly grotesque dance ? The im- pression he made at such moments wasthat of a man overwrought by excite- ment to the verge of madness; thewild, gleaming eyes, the nervous twitch- ings cf the marvellously plastic fea- tures, the utter abandon to the feel- ing of the moment, whether it weretragic or grotesque, the instantaneoustransition from the tragedian to theclown, which was no stage trick butan inspiration, an irrepressible impulse,were all so creepy, so uncanny as tosuggest incipient insanity, He wasmorbidly timid and nervous, he couldnever realise the great position he hadattained, and was ever haunted by afear that his fall would be as suddenas haG been his rise ; success had adelirious effect upon him, and to dea- den the stage fright, which he couldnever overcome, he resorted to stimu- lants—with the usual result.Robson had been famous scarcelyseven years when his powers began tofail, and his terror of facing the au- dience became so great that whilewaiting for his cue he would gnawftis arms until they bled, and cry outpiteously, " 1 dare not go on, I darenot ! until the prompter had at timesabsolutely to thrust him before thefootlights.Robson's last original part was Dog- briar, in Watts Phillips's drama, Ca- milla's Husband, produced at the endof 1862 ; but by this time he wasonly the shadow of his former self.Melter Moss, in 7he Ticket-of-LeaveMan, was written for him, but hisfaculties were so utterly gone that af- ter a few rehearsals another actor,George Vincent, had to be engagedfor the part, and on February 12th,1864, before the run of that notableplay came to an end, Frederick Rob- son had breathed his last.The London Stage, Its His- tory and Traditions from1 S88by H.BartonBaker,1889, vol, 2, 28-32. SOME NOTES ON ROBSON BY JOSEPH KNIGHT (i). ENGAGED by W. Farren to re- place, at the Olympic in Lon- don, Henry Compton (1805-1877),he appeared for the first time at thathouse on 28 March 1853 as TomTwig in the farce of 4 4 Catching anHeiress ". (i) In the Dictionary of National Bio- graphy. SOME OF HIS ROLES. ■■ ■!—MB——W——C———M—,nWHITff-i n I,. tl|&gt;|June 1854 in 44 Hush Money",A a revived farce by Dance, he playedJaspar Touchwood; and in PalgraveSimpson's 44 Heads or Tails " he wasthe first Quaile. On 17 October, hewas the first Job Wort in Tom Tay- lor's 44 Blighted Being ", and at Christ- mas obtained one of his most conspi- cuous successes in Planches 44 YeilowDwarf". In January 1855 he wasSowerby in 44 Tit for Tat ", an adap- tation by F. Talfourd of 44 Les Marisme font rire Amongst other per- formances may be mentioned the 44 Dis- creet Princess " April 1856, in whichRobson s Prince Richcraft was painfulin intensity, and Gustavus AdolphusFiiz-Mortimer in 4&lt; A Fascinating In- dividual " II June. In Brough's 44 Me- dea ", 14 July, Robson's Medea wasone of his finest burlesque creations.His Jones, in Talfourd's 44 Jones theAvenger " (4 Le Massacre d'un In- nocent1) was seen on 24 November.Zephyr, in 44 Young and Handsome "followed in January 1857. His DaddyHardacre, in an adaptation so namedof 44 La Fille de 1'Avare ", 26 March1857, was one of his earliest essays indomestic drama. On 2 July he wasMasaniello in Brough's burlesque ofthat name. PARTNERSHIP WITH EMDENAT THE OLYMPIC. IN August 1857, in partnership withEmden, he undertook the manage- ment of the Olympic, speaking, onthe opening night, an address writtenby Robert Brough, and appearingboth as Aaron Gurnock in Wilkie Col- lins's 44 Lighthouse " and as Masa- niello. On the first production of the" Lighthouse " by amateurs, at Tavis- tock House, Robson's part had beenplayed by Charles Dickens. 44 TheSubterfuge ", an adaptation of 44 Livretroisi&amp;me chapitre premier was alsogiven. After playing a country engage- ment he reappeared at the Olympicin the 44 Lighthouse", and was seenin Brough's 44 Doge of Duralto, or theEnchanted Isle *\In June 1858 he was the first Pe- ter Potts in Tom Taylor's 44 Going tothe Bad", and on 13 October thefirst Hans Grimm in Wilkie Collins's44 Red Vial On 2 October hecreated one of his greatest charactersas Sampson Burr in the 44 Porter'sKnot This piece by Oxenford wasfounded to some extent on 44 LesCrochets du p£re Martin " of Carmonand Grange.At Christmas he played Mazeppain an extravaganza so named. Paw- kins, in Oxenford's 44 Retained for theDefence " (L'Avocat d'un Grec') wasseen on 25 May 1859, and ReubenGoldsched in Tom Taylor's 44 Paya- ble on Demand, on 11 July. Za- chary Clench in Oxenford's 44 UncleZachary " (L'OncIe Baptisle ") wasgiven on 8 March 1860, and Hughde Brass in Morton's 44 Regular Fix"on 1 1 October. On 21 February1861 there was produced H. T. Cra- ven's 44 Chimney Corner" in whichRobson's Peter Probity was anothertriumph in domestic drama. Dogbriarin Watts Phillips's 44 Camilla's Hus- hand " was given on 14 November1862. This was the last play inwhich Robson appeared.In addition to the parts named thefollowing deserve mention: Boots in44 Boots at the Swan ", Poor Pilli- coddy, Mr. Griggs in Morton's 44 Tic- klish Times", Alfred the Great inRobert Brough's burlesque so named,B. B. in a farce so called, Timourthe Tartar in a burlesque by Oxen- ford and Shirley Brooks, Wormwoodin the 44 Lottery Ticket", and Chris- topher Croke in 44 Sporting EventsAlthough ceasing to act, he remaineda lessee of the Olympic until his death,which took place unexpectedly on12th August 1864. He was married,and two sons became actors. A UNIQUE POSITION. DURING his short career Hobsonheld a position almost if notquite unique.With so much passion and inten- sity did he charge burlesque that theconviction was wide-spread that hewould prove a tragedian of highest mark.A report prevails that he once, in thecountry, played Shylock in the 44 Mer- chant of Venice " without success,but this wants confirmation. A state- ment made in print that he playedit in London is inaccurate, It is none the less true that he con- veyed in burlesque the best idea ofthe electrical flashes of Kean in tra- gedy, and that there were moments inhis Macbeth and his Shylock whenthe absolute sense of terror—the feel- ing of blood-curdling—seemed at hand,if not present. He may almost havebeen said to have brought pathos anddrollery into association closer thanhad ever been witnessed on the stage.Nor in parts such as Peter Probity,Sampson Burr, and the like belongingto domestic drama, has he known anequal. In farce, too, he was unsur- passable, It is impossible to imagineanything more risible than was, forinstance, his Slush in Oxenford's 44 ALegal Impediment In this he playeda lawyer's bemused outdoor clerk, who,visiting a gentleman, is mistaken for anunknown son-in-law-elect expected toarrive in disguise ; and the manner inwhich he 4 introduced into the draw- ing-room of his astonished host allthe amenities, refinements, and socialcustoms of the private parlour at theSwan with Two Necks * will not beforgotten by those fortunate enough tohave seen it. In his later days, how- ever, in farce and burlesque, he took,under various influences, serious liber- ties with his audience and his fellow- actors. So great a favourite was hewith the public that procedings werecondoned which in the case of anyother actor would have incurred se- vere and well merited condemnations. PORTRAITS AND SOURCESOF INFORMATION. Joseph Knight. ROBSOW was small in figure, al- most to insignificance, and was,it is said, of a singularly retiring dis- position.In Vol. V. of the " Extravagan- zas " of J. R. Planche are two litho- graphed portraits of Robson, one aftera photograph by W. Keath, and theother after a grotesque statuette ofRobson as the Yellow Dwarf.The cover of Sala's scarce Memoir(1864) had a design of Robson asJem Baggs (0 in the M Wandering Mins- trel " of Henry Mayhew. OTHER sources of information are :The Sunday Times, 21 Aug.1864 and various years. TheatricalTimes 111, 365; Hollingshead's 44 MyLifetime ; Scott and Howard's E. L.Blanchard (2). History of the Theatre Royal, Dublin, 1870; Morley's Jour- nal of a London Playgoer; ClarkRussell's Representative Actors ; DailyNews 26 December 18^2. (0 Reproduced on page 113.(2) Quoted 011 page 115 119. SAMUEL BUTLER ON ROBSON.IN "THE WAY OF ALL FLESH". "A Playgoer's Wanderingsby H. M. Walbrook. " IN a later and very different novel,A Samuel Butler's * The Way of allFlesh \ there is a picture of anothervanished London playhouse, and oftwo famous players of the "sixties. Itoccurs in a passage describing ErnestPontifex's visit to the old OlympicTheatre in Wych Street, to see Rob- son and Mrs Keeley in a burlesque ofMacbeth. Here is a glimpse of thepiece and its players ;" In the scene before the murder,Macbeth had said he could not killDuncan when he saw his boots uponthe landing. Lady Macbeth put astop to his hesitation by whipping himup under her arm, and carrying himoff the stage kicking and screaming ".Whereat (writes Butler who wasdoubtless recalling an experience of hisown) Ernest Pontifex, who had onlylately come out of prison, 4 laughedtill he cried ' HENRY MORLEY (D GOES TOo SEE ROBSON. o OCTOBER 22. 1853. OlympicTheatre.,,. The success of thenight was undoubtedly the assumptionof a serious part by the burlesque ac- tor, Mr Robson. That there wouldbe other and higher things to reportof a performer who, while other peo- ple were burlesquing reality, could putsuch a startling reality into burlesque,was not to be doubted. But onehardly expected it so soon. The parthe plays in " Plot and Passion (adrama of which the central figure isFouche, its characters being the agentsor objects of his villainy, and its ca- tastrophe his disgrace) is that of amean double-faced fawning, punningtreacherous tool, in whom the sordidpassions have nevertheless not whollyextinguished others that place him fi- nally at the mercy of his victims. Herethe actor's opportunity is that of aconstant and quick transition withintne limited range of the emotionsexpressed ; and from meanness to ma- lice, from cringing humility to the most malignant hate, from a cat-like watch- fulness to occasional bursts of passionthat seemed to defy control, Mr Rob- son passed with a keen power andready self-possession that never missedthe effect intended to be produced 41 Mr Robson's greatquality is the downright earnestness bywhich he makes others feel what hevery evidently feels himself. He hasdefects of voice and person of thegravest kind, but some part of thatwhich made 44 Prichard genteel andGarrick six feet high " has descendedto him. The sort of character inwhich he is likely to excel may alwayslie within the narrowest range, but bythe strength and intensity he puts intoit he will never fail to attract an au- dience. Pie wants finish, refinement,relief—fifty things which will come withexperience and study, if he has aproper regard for his calling and forhimself; but already, with none ofthese things, he is a genuine actor, andeveryone feels it. The drama had beenbut a short while opened on Mondaynight when the general interest fixeditself on that ill-dressed, meagre, dwar- fish figure, and, whoever else mightoccupy the scene, the eye still soughthim out. For the present, therefore,the little man is undoubtedly the greatfact at the Olympic * \" The Journal of a LondonPlaygoer '* by Henry Alor- lej\ 1S66. (1) Lorn 1822, died 1894, HENRY CRABB ROBINSON INHIS EIGHTY-FIRST YEARGOES TO SEE ROBSON. "CEPTEMBER 9. 1856. I dined athome, and ihen went to the theatre,merely to see Robson; and that 1 didto my perfect satisfaction. His varietyof power is beyond all my expecta- tion. I could not at first recognizehim, in the florid smooth faced Baron.1he green-eyed monster, jealousy, isadmirably represented by him. Hisexpression is marvellous. AfterwardsI saw him in a parody of 44 MedeaA gentleman who sat near me in thepit stalls lold me that his burlesque imi- tation of Ristori was excellent ". AND AGAIN AT EIGHTY-FOUR. Vol. II. "Henry CrabbRobinson's Diary". JULY 8th. 1859. — I walked tothe Olympic Theatre, where I hadmore pleasure than I generally have.The first petite comedie, 44 Nine Pointsof the Law " But it was to see Robson I went. He played intwo pieces — " The Porter's Knot "in which the porter, who rises in life,is reduced to poverty by the misconductof his son; and in the second act,after six years appears as a porter.His exhibition of passion in his paternalaffliction is admirable — quite unique.But this is far surpassed by his appea- rance in *' Retained for the Defencea satiricle exposure of purious sentiment.A foolish philanthropist is willing togive his daughter to an advocate forhis generous defence of persecuted in- nocence and he invites the acquittedfelon to an evening party, in order toredress his wrongs and restore h'ssocial position. Now, this hero isRobson. Such a brute surely wasnever conceived ; nothing that Listonever performed was so farcical andridiculous. Of course,nothing can beconceived more stupid and absurd thanthe farce; its sole merit is the exhi- bition it produces of Robson. But onemust be content to forego all questionsabout sense or probability. His gri- maces on eating hice at a swarry,and the way in which he olds his um- brellt and vipes his nose,defy all cri- ticism. HENRY MORLEY AGAIN. "The Journal of aLondon Playgoer"by Henry Morley. DECEMBER 12. 1857. — Theplace of Boots at the Swan,heretofore occupied by Mr Keeley, hasbeen taken, and will for a long timebe kept, by Mr. Robson. Mr Keeleywas a true Boots; Mr Robson alsois a true Boots. To the same orderof Boots each actor refers his partmost clearly, but not to the same genusof that order. Mr Keeley was notonly deaf but humourously stolid; MrRobson although deaf, is humourouslywide-awake. He is the Boots who isbrisk, and alive to all the humour ofthe street, who would be preternallyknowing if he could but hear whatpeople say. In word and look andaction he is more the gamin than thesimpleton. The extravagance of a mostlaughable farce is heightened by himto the utmost, and there is not a longface to be seen in the house while heis busy on the stage JUNE 18. 1864 The play- bill does, indeed, append to thename of the piece a note, saying,*• This play is founded on an incidentsaid to have occured to Garrick, butwhich has no pretension to biographical accuracy **; euphemism for " This playis called David Garrick, but has nothingon earth to do with Garrick Butwhy should English actors deal solightly with the memory of their greatchief, that, for the sake of so poor andfalse an effect as the placarding ofSOUTHERN as GARRICK theyshould falsify and confuse the memoryof Garrick's life ? " FRANK ARCHER'SRECOLLECTIONS. "An Actor's Notebooks"by Frank Archer. ROBSON I thought the most won- derful actor I had ever seen.His acting of Samson Burr in M ThePorter's Knot " I enjoyed more thanonce. It was a treat of the highestkind. I am sorry that I have so fewmemoriis of this great artist, HisM Shylock " and " Medea " burlesques,and the parts he played in " Payableon Demand " Daddy Hardacre "#" The Chimney Corner and " Plotand Passion I regret that I missed.I have the clearest remembrance ofsome of his farce acting. His JacobEarwig in " Boots at the SwanTrotter Southdown in "To obligeBenson and the weird, demoniacalperformance in u The Lottery Ticket "were inimitable. Faint remembrancesalso arise of his acting in two otherburlesques, " Mazeppa " and M TheKing of Merrows In the former Iremember him bound to a gigantic rock- inghorse.I do not think that the genius ofRobson was in anyway exaggerated.His gifts were peculiarly his own. Hehad a certain vein of seriousness, anda dignity that is rarely associated withwhat is called a " Low Comedian ".He certainly, too, had a face thatsuited serious drama, though, in spiteof the intensity he displayed, it isdoubtful whether he would have suc- ceeded in any leading Shakespearianpart. His figure for this would nothave been in his favour, even had hebeen gifted with what may be calledthe mental weight necessary. Whetherhe would have shone in some ofShakespeare's clowns, or in some ofthe more exacting characters in theold comedies, who shall say? Ma- cready—from hearsay only, as he hadnever seen him — believed he would.I knew nothing of him personally,though I thought it a great thing onone occasion to speak to him. Theway in which it came about is asso- ciated with an instance of the vanity of the amateur that it would be hardto beat. In 1862 an amateur perfor- mance for a charity — the LancashireDistress Fund, in fact — took placeat the Princess's Theatre. Though Itook no part in it, some of those whodid were friends of mine. One ofthe attractions was •• The- Porter'sKnot " in which a friend of Robson'sappeared in the little man's own partof Samson Burr, and induced himlater on the same evening to give hisperformance of Jacob Earwig, the deafwaiter in " The Boots at the Swan"!It was on this particular night when Iwas hanging about the entrances thatRobson made some remark to meabout the house and its enthusiasm, etc.His dresser was following him aboutwith a tumbler, which was painful tosee he clutched at nervously, gulpingdown the contents before making hisentrance. He had accustomed himselfto take a stimulant to dispel the in- tense nervousness from which he suf- fered. It was eventually fatal. Atthis performance he was tempted toexaggerate, and indulge in antics beyondall reason. He was then coming tothe end of his tether; and when, in1864, at the age of forty-three, Rob- son died, the stage lost a great actor.It may not be generally known, bythe way, that once in his pre-politicaldays Mr. Chamberlain submitted aplay to Robson — then manager ofthe Olympic ". HENRY IRVING ON ROBSON. From "Seymour Hicks-Twenty-Four Years of anActor Life "by Himself HENRY Irving asked me to cometo supper at the Garrick Club.I don't remember, ever before orsince, feeling so excited or elated. Icame eaily, and found my3elf alonewith the mighty tragedian waiting forMr. Toole to arrive.... I remember hetold me that the greatest actor he hadever seen in his life was Edmund Phelps.I have heard it said that HenryIrving never saw Phelps act, but Ihad it from his first hand that he did.On that evening, too, he spoke ofRobson. He said, •• Yes, Robson—er-Robson—a good actor, but net great—no,not great—yes, yes, he was great! Hewas great enough to know that hecould be only great for three minutes!The stuff they talk about his beingable to have played tragedy, had hewanted to, is wrong. Three minutesof it—yes—but the whole evening—oh,dear no! " BETWEEN I860 and 1866 Irvinghad played under Robson; butwhat he played and where, his Bio- grapher Austin Brereton does not tell us. BANCROFT AND ROBSON. Sir Squire Bancroft in " Mr.and Mrs. Bancroft on andoff the Stage". . . . . having a few spare days Ispent them in London. ... I wasalso presented to the great-little FrederickRobson, whose son had recently joinedthe Birminghan Company, and towhom I had been able to show sometrifling kindness.When the boy took me to see hisfather, I remember, while we werelooking at some framed theatrical en- gravings, Robson stopping before oneof them and saying 44 That man wasone of the cleverest and most naturalcomedians 1 ever saw". It was theportrait of Pearce, the Christy Minstreland original singer of 4 Hoop-de-doo- denda \ The health of the great actorwas already broken, for Robson diednot very long afterwards, when onlylittle over forty years of age. Nowords of mine could do justice to myremembrance of this actor and genius,who is said to have resembled Ed- mund Kean in his wondrous bursts ofpassion, while in his comic moments herecalled memories of the greatest co- medians of the past. Off the stageRobson was one of the mildest andmost unassuming of creatures in theworld. The very nervousness whichmade him so shy and reserved inprivate life, perhaps, stood him inwonderful stead directly he trod thestage: he then became at will the heroof domestic drama, the mock tyrant ofburlesque, or the most amusing carica- ture in the world of farce! ROBSON AND J. L. TOOLE. From "Reminiscences of J.L. Toole "related by himselfand chronicled by JosephHatton, 1889. " T accepted an engagement of two1 pounds a week, and remained inDublin for the season. It was at thistime that I made the acquaintance ofRobson, as I have previously mentioned \ 44 V/OU were speaking of Robson1 and Keeley \ said Toole. 4 Theyboth played 4 Jerry " in The ThumpingLegacy. It is a cockney who goes toCorsica: and the other man says, 4 Whatdo you here? I will tell you. It is nowfour hundred years since*. Keeley (0 used to say to him in a very quiet way,4 Don't you think we had better takea chair? ' Robscn was all excitementand in tragic tones exclaimed: 4 Don'tyou think we had better be seated?Keeley was a peculiar little fellow;very short, bald head, comical face;spoke in a serious kind of lone.Very little chap. When he appearedas a witness at Bow Street, there wasa seat in the witness box. I heythought he was sitting down. Themagistrate said, 4 Please to stand up,Mr. Keeley.' 4 I am standing up/said Keeley, in his melancholy manner. MR. TOOLE had removed to OrmeSquare from a not less cosy ha- bitation situated on the brow of Ha- vers lock Hill, where he revelled in aback garden sufficiently large to growflowers, and to have the suburbandistinction of a summer-house and agrass-plot. I remember his telling me,in that very garden, that Robson fre- quently visited him there, on Sundaymornings, and that he had stronglyadvised his fellow-actor to take ahouse with a garden. 4He was fid- getty and restless ', Toole had said,4 sometimes on the stage, I fancied,but always off, and I noticed thatafter we had sat in the summer-housefor a time, with an occasional prowlon the grass, a sniff at a gillyflower,or a bit of London Pride, he wouldsettle down, like a man who is resting,grow quiet and reflective, and wewould have a calm and enjoyablechat. I know nothing so soothing asa garden, nothing that calms the nervesso much as pottering about amongflower-beds, especially when you havehad a hand in their cultivation, if onlyto the extent of ordering the plantsfrom the florists ". WE were speaking of Robson/ Isaid. 4 You knew him verywell? '4 Yes * he (Toole) replied.4 And admired him as an actor ?4 Tremendously/ he replied, withmuch energy of manner. 4 I used tosee a great deal of him in Dublin,long before he came to London Hewas a popular comedian in Dublinwhen I received my first engagementthere. He was at the Royal, I wasat the other theatre. He was aspecial favourite in Boots at the Swan.Whatever the manager at one theatreput up, the other did, and I wasplaying Boots at the Swan at the same time as Robson. I got to knowhim very well. I used to go andhave tea with him, and he was verykind to me, often gave me hints, andlook an interest in whatever I did. Iwas with him when he received anoffer from old Farren to go to London.He had played at the Grecian beforehe went to Dublin, but never at thewest end of London. Farren's offerwas for the Olympic, and I went tothe station with him and saw him off.He had a wonderful talent, and wasa very remarkable actor. There wereflashes in his mock-tragedy that weremagnificent, overpowering. I sometimesthought he lacked repose; not that Iwould venture to criticize him even tothat he was so great a genius.I think if he had done a littlegardening it would have done him good , (i) It is noteworthy that in Keeley'sMemoirs no mention of Robson occurs. THE LIGHTHOUSE KEEPER See "life of Charles Dickens";J. C. Hotten. p. 160. AN over-partial and insufficientlydiscriminating 4 friend * is quotedas saying ; 44 —Those who saw thecharacter of the lighthouse keeper inMr. Wilkie Collins's drama as por- trayed first by Mr. Dickens and thenby Mr, Robson, were enabled tojudge of the wonderful superiority ofthe rendering given by the former #\ THE WANDERING MINSTREL. A. W. à Beckett in "The àBecketts" of 'Punch'. 1903,p. 50. ** The Wandering Minstrel inwhich later on Robson scored so hea- vily, was produced at the Fitzroy.Henry Mayhew wrote under the nomde plume of " Ralph Rigmarole,Esqre No doubt this disguise wasassumed to disarm Henry Mayhewsfather, who was a highly respectablesolicitor, like my grandfather, and whomight have joined in the crusadeagainst " the boys VIL1KINS AND HIS DINAH. Life of George Cruikshankby Btanchard Jerrold. Chatto&amp; Windus, 1882. Vol. 2. p. 26. " ' Vilikins and his Dinah' wasa popular street chanson years beforeit was immortalised by Robson in JemBaggs ". THE WANDERINGMINSTRELTHE AFFECTING ANDPATHETIC LEGEND OFVILIKINS AND HIS DINAH. ROBSON AS JEM BAGGS. Oh! 'tis of a rich merchant,In London did dwell,He had but one daughter,An uncommon nice young gal IHer name it was Dinah —Scarce sixteen years old,She had a large fortuneIn silver and gold.Singing—Too—ral—loo, &amp;c.As Dinah vas a valking,In the garden vun day,Her papa came to her,And thus to her did say : —Go and dress yourself, Dinah,In gor—ge—ous array,And I'll get you a husband,Both vally—ant and gay !Singing —? Too —ral—loo, &amp;c.Oh, papa ! oh, papa !I've not made up my mind,To marry just yet,I do not feel inclined,And all my large fortuneI'll gladly give o'er,If you'll let me stay singleA year or two more.Singing — Too—ral—loo, etc. Go boldest daughter,The parient replied,If you don't consent to beThis here young man's bride,I'll give your large fortuneTo the nearest o' kin,And you shan't have the benefit,Of one single pin.Singing — Too—ral —loo, &amp;c.As Vilikins vas a valking,The garden around,He spied his dear Dinah,Lying dead upon the ground,A cup of cold pisonIt lied by her side,And a billy dux, stating#Twas by pison she died !Singing — Too—ral—loo &amp;c.Then he kissed her cold corpus,A thousand times o'er,He called her his dear Dinah—Although she was no more!He swallowed the pison,Like a lover so brave —And Vilikins and his Dinah,Lies a buried in one grave !Singing — Too—ral—loo &amp;c.MORAL.Now all you young vimmens,Take a varning and norNever by no meansDisobey your guv'nor,And all you young fellersMind who you claps your eyes on,Think of Vilikins and his Dinah,And the cup of cold pison.Singing — Too —ral—loo, &amp;c. (1) Name of the Play, Olympic Thea- tre, London. 1853. May 24.(2) See also p. 111. MADOX BROWN AND ROBSON. Præraphaelite Diaries andLetters. Edited by WilliamMichael Rossetti. 1900. 1855. December 12th— ....Tothe Olympic. English Theatricals doo- ced slow, however ; place felt heada- chy. Robson tremendous, but gettingspoiled..,. A CONTEMPORARYo ESTIMATE. oI only knew one English actor who,to my mind, had in him the truegerm and kernel of a Devrient (*) —the late Frederick Robson.I remember his truly marvellousperformance of the part of 4 Medea *in Robert Brough's burlesque. Beforethe piece began, I went behind thescenes with the author, where we foundRobson in a slate of extreme nervous- ness, as it had been credibly reportedthat the lady tragedian, whom he wasabout to imitate (not to travesty, mind,for there truly was nothing cf thebuffoon pure and simple in Fre- derick Robson), Madame Ristori, wasactually in the theatre. Well, withthis overpowering oppression uponhim, he contrived to achieve a glo- rious success. His 4 Medea * was atruly grand tragic figure, gracefullydraped in a light veil of burlesque,She who had created the intenselytragic character of ill-starred 4 Medea *was so deeply impressed by the littleman's wonderful tragi-comic reproduc- tion of her own creation — which shehad been led to believe by a 4 kindfriend * of Robson's would turn out afarcical caricature — that she could notrefrain from then and there presentingto the great artist the flattering tributeof her gratification and admiration.She came round accordingly at once,escorted by that most courteous ofgentlemen and most urbane of noble- men, Earl Granville, who joined thelady in overwhelming the shy manwith well-merited compliments. Whenwe had Robson to oursel ves again, hecried like a child — partly with plea- sure, partly with distress at his nervousawkwardness, which he said 4 musthave made me look like a fool \ From {tReminiscences of an Old Bohe- mian Vol. 2. p% 200. 1882. (i) Louis Devrient the tragedian;died 1832 aged forty-eight. Editor. E. L. BLANCHARD ANDF. ROBSON BEING EXTRACTS FROM BLANCHARD'SDIARY WITH NOTES BY CECIL HOWARD. 0) . 1853. April 27th. — Drop in at Olympic;see TalfourcTs burlesque of Macbeth.Robson very clever,December 7th. — Davidson, musicpublisher, calls to obtain another por- tion of " Villikins and his Dinah "(0.December 13th. — Go to Adelphi.See the ice scene in Thirst for Gold;wonderful effect. Then to Olympic.Robson great in 4 Villikins \ AtWrekin hear he is about thirty-six,and of weak health, poor fellow!(1) Written by this same Blanchardwhen a boy for private theatricals. 1854. March 8th. — Look in at Olympic;see charming little piece of To ObligeBenson (*).(1) Adapted by Taylor from Un Ser- vice a Blanchard, and first played Monday,March 6th, 1854. Emery, Benson ; Mrs.Stirling, Mrs. Trotter Southdown; MissWyndham, Mrs. Benson ; Robson, Trot- ter Southdown.June 13th. — To town to seeHush Money (*) at Olympic; Robson'sacting wonderful, but piece bad.(1) A revival of a farce by Dance,first played under the Vestris manage- ment here, by Liston, Keeley, FrankMatthews, and Mrs. Orger. F. Robsonnow played Jaspar Touchwood; Mrs.Wigan, Sally; Emery, Tom Tillex.October 17th. —To Olympic; seeF. Robson in wonderful performanceof Job Wort in A Blighted Being.December 27sji. —Go to town ;see Yellow Dwarf 0) a burlesque byat the Olympic; not his best,but neatly written and carefully got up.(1) F. Robson in the title ?6le, one ofhis great parts. 1855. March 1 6th. — Olympic : LuckyFriday, AlfredWigan; and The YellowDwarf and the King of the GoldMines; F. Robson (dwarf, one of hisbest characters)....June 11th. — At night to Olympic;see Gar rick Fever revival (F. Robson,Emery, Danvers, White Rivers, Mrs.Fitzalan, Miss Stephens, Miss Ternan).October 20th. — To Olympic, firstnight of season, School for Scandal, and new farce by Coyne called Catchinga Mermaid (F. Robson, Luffins aShowman). 1856. April 2nd. — See at night first timeRobson all through in Discreet Prin- cess (*) wonderful and painfully intenseperformance.(i) The Discreet Princess; or, TheThree Glass Distaffs. Prince Richcraft,F. Robson.June 11th, — Go to Olympic; seefarce, Fascinating Individual• Robsonin it; net very good piece.July 3rd. — At night to Olympic;see the Duological Farce, first night;A Coniugal Lesson (J), was very good....(l) Played by Mrs Stirling and F.Robson.November 24th. — Go to Olympic:Wives as they tcere and Talfourd'sJones the Avenger (0.(i) Adaptation from Le massacre &lt;VunInnocent by Frank Talfourd. Robsonvery good as Jones, and J. Rogers madea hit as Shrilly Pipes 1857. January 22nd. — Look in at Olym- pic ; see Young and Handsome (0;very neatly written, but not equal tothe former extravaganzas of Planch^.(i) F. Robson played Zephyr.March 26th. — See new play ofDaddy Hardacre (0 at Olympic, anadaptation by Palgrave Simpson ofLa Fille de VAvare; Robson very good.(i) Robson played the title role, thatof a miser.July 2nd, — Olympic at mght;Brough's new burlesque of Masa- niello 0) first time, very good, and goesoff briskly.(l) Robson in the title role, in whichthe author had given him some of themost excrutiating puns, but in whichcharacter this great actor displayed thosetragi-comic powers for which he was sonoted.August 10th, — With C. C. B. toOlympic, which opens under Robson'sand Emden's management.August ! 1 th, — At night to Olym- pic and the Lighthouse I1); delightedwith it; most effectively got up.(ii — an address written by RobertBrough was spoken by Mr. Robson ; andWilkie Collins's Lighthouse done at Ta- vistock Blouse two years previously byamateurs, made up the bill with Masa- niello. . . . Mr. Vining spoke the origi- nal prologue in front of the act-drop,which was an exact reproduction ofStanfieid's original picture representingthe lighthouse. November 19th. —To Olympic ;Robson s reappearance after provincialengagement (0,(i) He resumed his old character inThe Lighthouse.December 26th. — Go to Olym- pic (1).(i) The Doge of Duralto, or the En- chanted Eyes, a fairy extravaganza byRobert Brough, with Miss Hughes, MissWyndham, Robson, G. Cooke, and H.Wigan in the cast to be noted. 1858. June 5th. — To Olympic; see andwrite about for Era Tom Taylor'snew comedy, Going to the Badi1).(i) Peter Potts, F. Robson ; . . . F.Robson's benefit.July 3rd. — Work till night. Thento Drury, Don Pasauale and TVoua- tore; Covent Garden, Mario andMartha ; Her Majesty's, Somnambula;Emden's benefit at Olympic (0. Backto write all.(i) A Handsome Husband and HushMoney. Robson, Jaspar Touchwood; andMrs Emden, Sally. The WanderingMinstrel made up the programme.October 13 th. —At night to Olym- pic ; see Wilkie Coliins's extraordinarydrama of Red Vial (0.(i) This was a very strong melodrama.In it Mrs. Stirling played the part ofthe Widow Bergmann ; Miss Marston,Minna ; Walter Gordon, Karl; and Rob- son was great as a half-witted fellow,Hans Grimm.December 2nd. — Go to Olympic;first night of The Porter's Knot 0) ;a charming piece, exquisitely acted byRobson and the rest. 3rd. Write no- tice of Olympic for Era, from which£ 2.(i) The character of Sampson Burrwill always be associated in one's me- mory as one of F. Robson's greatestperformances.December 27th. — ,...to Olympic,see Mazeppa(i).(i) By H. J. Byron. Mazeppa, F.Robson ; ... it was a piece o the wil- dest extravagance. 1859. May 25 th. —To town. Olympicand good farce, Retained for the De- fence.(i) By John Oxen ford, taken fromVAvocat d'un Gvec. Pav. kin's, Robson.July 11th. — Go to Olympic, seePayable on Demand W, Tom Taylor'snew piece ; clever, but won't be a longattraction.(i) Leading incident the same as thatin The Jew of Frankfurt. Action of the play supposed to take place in 1792, andin its course some twenty-three years aresupposed to pass away. Reuben Gold- sched, Robson.August 10 th. — Last night ofOlympic season (0. Go for hour toRobson; hear his speech.(1) The programme consisted of ADoubtful Victory, Payable on Demand,and Retained for the Defence. Robson'sspeech consisted a good deal of a run- ning and punning commentary of the.various pieces that had been producedunder the joint management of himselfand Mr. Emden.September 24th. — Olympic (0 andPrincess's reopen for season.(1) The Olympic re-opened again,under the management of Robson andEmden, with Payable on Demand; Re- tained for the Defenee ; and A Morning-Call taken from 11 faut qidune porte soitouverte ou fermee. 1860. March 8th. —. .. to Olympic : UncleZachary (0 — adaptation by Oxenfordof old French farce.(i) Another version of VGncle RaP- tiste, played under the title of Peter andPaul at the Haymarket in 1842. ZacharyClence, Robson....October 11 th. — Go to Olympicto see a supposed new farce by Morton,called A Regular Fix (0, but which Irecognize as Couche du Soleil of thirtyyears ago.(r) Robson appeared as Mr. Hugh deBrass. 1862. February 21st. — To Olympic; seecharming piece by Graven, calledChimney Corner (0.(i) Peter Probity, F. Robson.November 14th.— To Olympic;see Camilla's Husband (x): a goodpiece.(i) This was a three-act drama byWatts Phillips. Dogbriar, F. Robson.. . . (This was the last play in whichRobson appeared. — C. S.). 1864. August 12th. — Hear of F. Rob- son's death as having occurred late lastnight: write the memoir.September 28th. — To Strand, andsee charming piece by Craven, calledMilky White's), in which the authorpiays hero admirably.(i) H. T. Craven wrote the piece forRobson, who was to play Daniel (Milky)White, a saturnine, disagreeable, deafman, who recovers his hearing suffi- ciently to lead him to imagine that hehas learnt that his daughter is hopingfor his death, and turns her out of doors. From The Life and Reminiscences ofE. L. Blanchard, By Clement Scott andCecil Howard. Hutchinson &amp; Co. 1891. BIOGRAPHICALNOTESOF SOME OF ROBSON'SASSOCIATES (I) JOHN CAMDEN HOTTEN.PUBLISHER OF SALA'S MEMOIRo OF ROBSON. o TOHN CAMDEN HOTTEN, 1832-J 1873). Originally named John WilliamHotten, publisher, was born at 45 St.John's Square, Clerkenwell, London,12 Sept. 1832.At the age of fourteen Hotten wasplaced with John Petheram, bookseller,71 Chancery Lane, where he acquired a taste for rare and curious books.In 1848 he went with his brother toAmerica and stayed there some years.He returned to England in 1856 andcommenced business as a booksellerand publisher in a small shop, 151 aPiccadilly. In 1859 he produced thefirst edition of his Dictionary of ModernSlang, Cant, and Vulgar Words (reis- sued 1874).Hotten* s steady perseverance soonplaced him among the best-knownpublishers and he took larger premisesat 74-5 Piccadilly. In 1866 thepublication of Mr. A. C. Swinburne's44 Poems and Ballads" excited a pru- dish remonstrance on the score ofindecency, and Moxon the publisherwithdrew the work from circulation.Hotten boldly offered himself as thepoet's publisher, and issued the volume in dispute as well as Mr* Swinburne'sreply to his critics.Hotten was the first to introduceinto England the humorous works ofAmerican writers, like Mr. J. R. Lowell's44 Biglow Papers " (1864), ArtemusWard, his Book.He died 4 Maitland Park Villas,Haversiock Hill, Hampstead, June 14,1873 and was buried in Highgatecemeiary.Hotten was the author of slightbiographies of Thackery, 1864 (underthe name of Theodore Taylor) andDickens (1870, 1873); the 44 Historyof Signboards " (with Jacob Larwood)1867. Literary Copyrights 1871, etc. etc. (i) Extracts from the " Dictionary ofNational Biography " and oiher sources. J. R. PL ANCHE. JAMES ROBINSON PLANCH£ 1796-1880, Somerset Herald, antiquarianand dramatist. Born Old Burlington St.Piccadilly, London. Son of a watch- maker who was descended from aHuguenot refugee.In 1810 he was articled to a book- seller ; at an early age he developed ataste for the stage, and, as an ama- teur, acted at the Berwick St., Pan- eras St,, Catherine St. and WiltonSt. private theatres.At 22 he wrote a burlesque 44 Amo- roso, King of Little Britain" whichwas produced with success at DruryLane April 21 1818. Many other ofhis pieces were produced.In 1823 on the revival of 44 KingJohn " at Drury Lane by CharlesKemble, after making histo- rical researches, designed the dressesand superintended the production ofthe drama gratuitously. This was thefirst occasion of an historical dramabeing brought out with dresses of theperiod of its action.1826-7 he was manager of the mu- sical arrangements at Vauxhall Gar- dens : 1830 manager of the Adelphifor his friend Samuel James Arnold.Was associated from 1831 with MmeVestris and the Olympic, and laterwith Covent Garden.Among his literary works are his44 History of British Costume " 1834,and 44 Suggestions for establishing anEnglish Art Theatre *'1879. GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALA. GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALA, 1828-1896, author of this account ofRobson, was a well known journalist,and writer. His grandfather, ClaudioSebastiano Sala, a citizen of Rome,came to England about 1776 to aisist his godfather Sir John Gallini in arran- ging ballets in the King's Theatre andthe Hay market.An elder brother of George's becamea member of Macready's Company atthe Princess's Theatre.His mother was a singer and mu- sician and supported her children byher public work. FRANCIS TALFOURD. FRANCIS TALFOURD, 1828-1862.His first piece "Macbeth Travestie"was originally produced at Henley-on-Thames during the regatta on June 1 7,1847, and was afterwards brought outat the Strand Theatre on Jan. 10,1848 and at the Olympic on April25, 1853.At the Olympic he brought out44 Ganem, the Slave of Love " onMay 31, 1852, and " Shylock, or theMerchant of Venice preserved " onJuly 4, 1855. In this burlesque Tho- mas Frederick Robson gave his veryremarkable tragi-comic representation ofthe Jew.He died at Mentone March 9, 1862. JOHN OXENFORD. JOHN OXENFORD (1812-1877) was adramatic author, critic and trans- lator.Born in Camberwell, he was al- most self-educated, yet made himselfwell acquainted with German, Italian,French and Spanish literature in theoriginals.He made many translations, inclu- ding Moliere's " Tartuffe", and Ecker- mann's 44 Conversations with Goethe "(London 1850) and wrote many plays,some of which were translated intoGerman and Dutch. He also wroremany librettos. He was dramatic cri- tic of the 44 Times " from 1850 formore than a quarter of a century. ROBERT BROUGH. ROBERT BARNABAS BROUGH, wasborn in London April 10 th 1828.A burlesque on the subject of the44 Tempest , written in conjunctionwith his brother William and entitledThe Enchanted Isle produced atthe Amphitheatre in Liverpool wasthe first dramntic essay of the bro- thers. It was seen and approved byBenjamin Webster, who, 20 Novem- ber 1848 transferred it to the Adel- phi. This led to the establishment ofthe brothers Brough in London, wherethey became constant and well-knowncontributors to the press. Alone or in conjunction with hisbrother Robert wrote a series of bur- lesques which were played at the Adel- phi, Lyceum, Olympic and othertheatres.His best-known burlesques in con- junction with his brother are : 44 Ca- maralzaman and Badoura ", 44 TheSphynx " and 44 Ivanhoe ", and ofthose he wrote alone 44 Medea " towhich the performance of Robson gavemuch celebrity, 44 Masanieilo " and44 the Siege of TroyHe died at Manchester June 261860, leaving a widow and threechildren, two of whom went on thestage. Three of his brothers, William,John Cargill Brough, a writer, andLionel Brough the comedian, are wellknown. J. PALGRAVE SIMPSON. JOHN PALGRAVE SIMPSON 1807-1887, dramatist and novelist, wasborn at Norwich June 13. He "pro- 44 duced in London and the provinces,44 upwards of sixty dramatic pieces,44 including comedies, melodramas, far- 44 ces, operas, and extravaganzasHis 44 Daddy Hardacre ", in two acts,was given at the Olympic May 26 1857. WATTS PHILLIPS. WATTS PHILLIPS 1825-1874,Dramatist and designer, wasof Irish extraction.He became a pupil, it is said theonly pupil, of George Cruickshank.He wrote the " Dead Heart " produ- ced at the Adelphi Nov. 10 1859with Webster, Mr. Toole, DavidFisher and Mrs Alfred Mellon in theprincipal parts, and revived by SirHenry Irving at the Lyceum in 1889when Mr Gordon Craig made hisfirst appearance as Arthur St. Valery.His piece, 44 Camilla's Hushand "given at the Olympic Dec. 14, 1862is noteworthy as the last piece in whichRobson, who played Dogbriar, ap- peared. SHIRLEY BROOKS. CHARLES SHIRLEY BROOKS.(1816-74) was Editor of 44 Punch "and son of William Brooks, architect.44 In association with John Oxenford "44 writes Mr'G. A. Boase ", 44 he sup- 44 plied to the Olympic 26th Decem- ber 1861 an extravaganza which44 had the sensational heading 44 Ti- 44 mour the Tartar, or the Iron Master44 of Samarkand the explanatory let- 44 icrpress significantly stating that a 44 trifling lapse between the year 136!44 and the year 1861 occasionally oc- tt »»• curs . HENRY MAYHEW HENRY MAYHEW, 1812-1887.Author, son of a London at- torney, Educated at Westminster. Hebegan his career as a dramatist with44 The Wandering Minstrel " at theRoyal Fitzroy Theatre, 16 January1834, a one-act farce in which wasintroduced the well-known cockneysong 44 Villikins and his DinahHe wrote many other plays.In December 1847 his 41 Plum Pud- ding Pantomime " wa3 brought out atthe Olympic. CHARLES DANCE CHARLES DANCE, 1794-1863.Alone or in collaboration withJ. R. Planche or ethers he wrote manypieces, chiefly of the lightest descrip- tion, which were produced at theOlympic theatre or other theatres. WILLIAM FARREN WILLIAM FARREN, 1786-1861.Actor. Born in London May 13.His father had been a tradesman whothen became an actcr of some reputa- tion chiefly in tragedy.Ample details may be found in theDictionary of National Biography. HENRY COMPTON HENRY, COMPTON, 1805-1877.Comedian, whose real name wasCharies Mackenzie.In 1847 he was at the Olympicwhere he remained three years. Whenit was burnt he migrated to the Strand. WILKIE COLLINS WILLIAM WILKIE. COLLINS, 1824-1889. Novelist and playwright. TOM TAYLOR TOM TAYLOR. Born October 19,1817, died 1$80. Dramatist andedi{. or of 44 Punch . he was fond oftheatrical life in all its aspects, and wasa devoted friend of the Terry family. FROM A PARLAMENTARYREPORT 1866.WITH REFERENCES TO FREDERICK ROBSON. A SILHOUETTE BY DANIEL CHODOWIRCKI. | N 1866 Mr. Benjamin Webster, Mr. Buck- £ stone, Mr. Dion Boucicault, Mr. Wiganand Mr. Holingshead, all famous theatre ma- nagers or journalists of the time, appearedbefore a Select Committee in the House ofCommons to testify for or against certainproposed reforms. In the course of theexamination Mr. Robson's name came to bementioned several times.What was said serves towards a clearerunderstanding of his career and is worthreprinting. It is to our knowledge the firsttime that it has been printed since theexamination yielded its report in 1866.The Committee consisted of:Lord Ernest Bruce . . Mr LockeSir Arthur Buller . . Mr O'BeirneLord Eustace Cecil. . Mr PotOellMr Clive Mr SelwinMr Du Cane. . . . Colonel SturtMr Goschen .... Mr WalpoleWITH THE RIGHT HONOURABLEGEORGE JOACHIM GOSCHEN, INTHE CHAIR.Apr. 27th 1866.BENJAMIN WEBSTER, ESQ «&gt; called;2892. Chairman.) You are Lessee of theAdelphi Theatre, are you not? — No;sole proprietor and manager ....2980. Do you recollect the late Mr Robson?— Yes.2981. Where did he commence his career?— i have heard that Mr Robson commen- ced his career at the Grecian; then he wentto Dublin to refine himself, and he becamean actor.2982. Was he not an actor at the Grecian?— Not a great actor; he learned his pro- fession more when he went to Dublin.2983. But still his success had gone to thatextent at the Grecian that he obtained anengagement in Dublin? — Yes, at a smallsalary; not more, I believe, than he hadat the Grecian. 2984. But did he not learn to act at theGrecian, in the first instance? — I do notknow. The first knowledge that I had ofhim was at the Grecian, but I should thinkthat he had acted before.2985. How long was heat the Grecian? —I do not know, but I should think that hehad acted before he went there.2986. But he was there for a considerabletime, was he not? — I am told so.2987. And then he went to Dublin? — Yes.2988. And then he became one of the mostsuccessful actors who ever appeared onthe stage? — Yes; he was seen by thelate Mr Farren, who engaged him for theOlympic.2989. Probably if Mr barren had taken thetrouble to go to the Grecian he wouldhave taken him from there? — I cannotspeak upon probabilities.2990. We can, at all events, in a greatmeasure attribute the enjoyment which wehave obtained from the acting of Mr Robsonto his having been an actor at the Grecian?— All actors have commenced in a humbleway. I began in a barn, and Elliston andKemble did the same; in fact Elliston lookedon barns as the hot-beds of genius.2991. You would not give the Music hallsthe chance of being the hot-beds of ge- nius? — I think talent there would retro- grade ; but a barn is another thing; thegentlemen and the ladies of the neigh- bourhood patronise them.2992. Do not ladies and gentlemen go tomusic halls? — I should not term themso; I think they are very doubtful people....and so on. JOHN BALDWIN BUCKSTONE/2'ESQ, CALLED IN; AND EXAMINED.Apr. 27th. 1866.3361. Mr Locke.) You are proprietor, Ibelieve, of the Haymarket Theatre? — Iam lessee. 3362. And manager? — Yes.3363. Have you been so for a great manyyears ? — This is my fourteenth year 3428. You knew the late Mr Robson, 1suppose? — Yes.3429. He performed at the Grecian, did henot? — I never saw him there, but I be- lieve he did.3430. He performed at the Grecian for agood many years ? — That was 15 or 16years ago, I think.3431. Mr Webster has stated that at theGrecian Theatre, at the time Mr Robsonperformed there, there were no refresh- ments supplied in the auditorium? — I be- lieve there was a sort of bench where youcould put your glass. Mr Rouse was theproprietor. ♦ . . .3436. Can you say how long Mr Robsonperformed there during the time that theyhad those refreshments in a similar way tothe music halls? — My impression is thatit was not very long; perhaps a couple ofyears. Mr Robson went from there to theDublin Theatre Royal, where he improvedin his profession and where the elderMr William Farren engaged him for theOlympic when Mr Farren was Lessee.3437. But, however, he commenced hiscareer at the Grecian Saloon? — He com- menced his career at the Grecian Saloonand various other little places.3438. Places of that description? — Yes;places of that description.1439. At all events that did not prevent himfrom being a very eminent actor ? — Yes;but that was an exception.3440. But exceptions prove the rule some- times? — No; this exception proves thatthere cannot be any rule.3441. There being no rule, why not letpeople do as they like ? — Not to the degra- dation of the drama; why should they do so?3442. But Mr Robson went there, and hedid not degrade the drama? — But youmust understand that he did not obtainthis reputation at the Grecian; he wasobliged to leave and go to a theatre, andat that theatre he earned a reputation whichbrought him to London.3443. Now at those theatres in Dublin theysmoke, do they not? — No.3444. At some of them they smoke? — Notat the Theatre Royal. 3445. They are rather noisy there, are theynot? At the Theatre Royal I never foundthem so, and I was there three weeks lastautumn. I had a very aristocratic audienceevery night, and there was no disturbance.3446. What is the name of the other theatrein Dublin? — There Is a minor Theatrecalled The Queens.3447. Do they smoke there? — I never wentthere except once, about seven or eightyears ago.3448. Was the Theatre Royal the onlyplace where Mr Robson went? No hewent to the Queen's Theatre after he hadmade his reputation in London, DION BOUCICAULT, ESQ./3)CALLED IN; AND EXAMINED.Apr. 30th. 1866.4023. Mr I believe that at presentyou are not manager of any theatre? — Iam not at present manager of any theatre.4024. What theatres have you been managerof in London? — I have been manager ofDrury Lane for a short period, and of theAdelphi in connection with Mr Webster,and I have also shared the profits in othertheatres without being titular manager, inconsequence of my always charging in thatway for my pieces; I receive one half of thenet profits.4025. Chairman) As an author, I presume?- Yes, as an author.4026. Mr Lock&amp;) You are a dramaticauthor? — Yes 4239. Do you recollect Mr Robson comingout of the " Grecian "? — Yes.4240. Did he come out there originally? —Yes he was a waiter there.4241. He performed there did he not? —He learned his art there.4242. It is not correct to say he learned hisart in Dublin is it ? — He did not; hewas a great actor before he went there; Irecommended Mr Charles Kean to takehim before he went there, or certainlyduring his first season.4243. Can you mention the name of any otheractor who commenced his career in the " Gre- cian "or a similar place?— No, I cannot* HORACE WIGAN, ESQ. CALLED IN; AND EXAMINED.May. 4th. 1866.4564. Chairman) You are manager of theOlympic Theatre, I believe? — Yes.4565. And a dramatic author? — Yes.4566. Have you written many pieces? — Ihave had about a dozen successful piecesproduced in London.4567. Has the Censorship of the LordChamberlain given you any trouble? —None whatever.4568. Have you had any passages in yourplays changed or modified? — No.4569. Do you think that the censorship actsin the way of hindering the efforts of dra- matic authors? — No; on the contrary, Ithink it is extremely beneficial. Etc: . . . .4694. At the Eagle Tavern is where MrRobson came out, is it not? — No, itis a mistake to say that he came outthere.4695. Where did he come out ? — He wasa very experienced actor before he wentthere. The Eagle was not a saloon whenhe acted there; the first license for thatsaloon was in November 1843, and MrRobson did not appear there until 1844.I can give a list of the places that heplayed at. The first place that he actedat was a minor Theatre in Catherine- street, Strand; the second was the Bower;he was then in the Kent circuit, the Bedfordcircuit, the Oxford circuit, the St. Alban'scircuit, Jackman's Company, TonbridgeWells, Chester's Company, Rogers's Com- pany, the Standard Theatre, and the Gre- cian Saloon. Then he went to Dublin tothe Queen's Theatre, and then to theRoyal Theatre; then he came to Mr Far- ren, and then to me. I was very intimatewith him. He was never a waiter; it isquite a mistake to say that he was ; hewas an engraver's apprentice in Bedford-Court, Covent Garden, and he used to goto that minor theatre which I have referredto in Catherine-street, Strand.4696. He went to the Grecian, and likewiseto the Bower? — Yes when they weretheatres; at least the Grecian was atheatre. 4697. There was smoking, eating and drink- ing going on, was there not? — No, notwhen he was there.4698. Not at the Eagle? — No. The firstlicense was in November 1843; the tableshad been removed in 1844. The tableshad been put outside the theatre.4699. The tables were round about outside?— Yes, formerly there was a slab to putthe glass on, and that was carried out.Mr Robson was not the production ofmusic halls at all; he was a regularlyeducated actor, who had to go through allthe misery of the early part of an actor'scareer. H. J. TURNER, ESQ.,CALLED IN; AND EXAMINED.May. 7 th. 1866.5044. Chairman.) You are a TheatricalAgent are you not? — I am.5045. Can you tell the Committee whatbusiness that involves? — Receiving frommanagers their instructions with regard towhat actors or actresses they require, andfurnishing them with them.5046. The managers let you know whatkind of actors and actresses they require?— They do.5047. You act between the two? — Yes. . . .5072. It is considered infra dig. for anactor to go to a music hall ? — Certainly;the theatres are never recruited from musichalls.5073. It has been stated that Mr Robsoncame from the Grecian Saloon? — TheGrecian Saloon was a theatre at the timeMr Robson was there.5074. You know of no other cases? — No;but Mr Robsons's is scarcely a case inpoint. JOHN HOLLINGSHEAD, ESQ.,(5&gt;CALLED IN; AND EXAMINED.May 7th 1866.5214. Mr Locke) What are you by profes- sion? — I am an Author and Journalist,and a member of the Dramatic Authors'Society 5300. Now with regard to actors who have come out at music halls; do you knowany actors who have commenced theircareer at a music hall ? — It is difficult tosay where an actor has commenced hiscareer; he may have performed in a tentor a barn, which some people think ismore elevating than a music hall. I re- member Mr Robson's appearance at theGrecian; I lived in the neighbourhoodand went there frequently; 1 make nomistake about the Grecian Saloon, what 1call the Saloon; it is a building whichwas no Theatre, but a music hall in 1844,when Mr Robson went there, and it didnot cease to be a music hall until 1848;that is in evidence before the Committeeby the Lord Chamberlain's statement: andduring those four years Mr Robson perfor- med in an atmosphere of tobacco smoke ;and before audiences who sat before ledgesin front of each seat (there was no table)on which the drink was placed. He per- formed most of the familiar characters thatmade him popular at the Olympic, andsang nearly all the comic songs whichmade the fortune of that house; it was toall intents and purposes, a music hall.Miss Carlotta Leclercq, and Miss Stevens(now at the Olympic, I think), and MrFlexmore were there; and I believe thatMr Sims Reeves was in the chorus.5301. Among the smoke? — Yes; the per- formances were very perfect, and of arefined character; I was young at the time;they had little cperas and burlettas; it wasnot much like a theatre, it was more of asuburban comic opera house; people wentthere from all parts of the town. A pieceof Mr Shirley Brooks was put on the stagethere, which Mr Keeley had made a hitin at the Lyceum Theatre; they wentdown there to see it, and their impressionwas that Mr Robson was better in it thanMr Keeley, and that it was better per- formed. I think it had been withdrawnat the Lyceum.5302. But Mr Keeley had done it at theLyceum previously to Mr Robson doingit at the Grecian? — Yes: I do not knowwhether the fact is of much value, but itis a fact; I am speaking from my ownknowledge.5303. The Grecian was to all intents andpurposes a music hall, was it? — Yes, I saw Mr Robson about three times a-weekduring the whole of those four j'ears, whenit was essentially a music hall: it wascalled a saloon, but with all the conditions -of smoking, eating, and drinking in theauditorium.5304. And at that time many persons pre- -ferred Mr Robson's performance to MrKeeley's, in the same character? — Yes.5305. That was before Mr Robson wentto Dublin? — Yes, before he went toDublin.5356. 1 hen it cannot be correct to say thathe never learned to be a good actor untilhe went to Dublin? — I know that at atheatre people cannot smoke; but I shouldhardly say the audience at the Queen'sTheatre in Dublin was of the quietest.'The lowest price at the Grecian was 6and the lowest price at the Queen's was3d. There was no smoking, eating, anddrinking at the Queen's but the audiencewas rather a rough Irish audience.5387. You saw Mr Robson full of art beforehe went to Dublin? — Yes, full of art atthe Grecian. (l) 1797-1882. (2) I8O2-I879« (3) lS20 (?) - 189O. (4) l8l8 (?) • I885. (5) 1827-1904. FREDERICK ROBSON.Reproduced from,the Reminiscences of J. L. Toole published by Messrs Hurst &amp; Blackett. IN BOOTS AT THE INN. AS DADDY HARDACRE.ROBSON IN TWO OF HIS ROLES. Plate 17. ELLEN TERRY WITH MARION TERRY HER SISTER,in 1911, seated in the old school desk (a little wooden affair with wooden seatand with two flap-lids for sloping writing places) made for her childrenEdith and Edward.A Note on the back of the picture in Ellen Terry's handwriting reads:"For my book but it never appeared in her book. The print is excessivelyrare, not reproduced befor e and by no means a clear print; but very prettyof both sisters. Plate 18. STAGE DESIGNSIN LONDON, THE EXHIBITION OFGORDON CRAIG'S DESIGN'S FOR IBSEN'S"PRETENDERS". SIR GERALD DU MAURIERO OPENS THE EXHIBITION. OAn Exhibition of Stage Designs by GordonCraig for " The Pretenders " by Ibsen,as produced at the State Theatre, Copenhagen,November 17th 1926, with Etchings and otherDrawings, was opened at the St. George'sGalleries, Hanover Square, London on June26th by Sir Gerald Du Maurier who spokewith considerable force and grace on thecondition of the English Stage.Sir Gerald said in part: —" In my opinion the literal art of thetheatre no longer exists on the London stage ".After humbly dismissing himself from con- sideration as no more than a " dinner-jacketcomedian ", Sir Gerald continued :" When Craig came to me the other dayand said " Let us get together ", I almostblushed, as I know the modern conditionsand commercial demands of the stage. Youcannot get a theatre under £ 500 a week; ayoung actor after quite moderate success im- mediately asks for £60 a week. When Ifirst went on the stage playing and understudyingleading parts I was given £ 2 a week in theprovinces, and £ 8 a week in America." What Craig wants me to do, and whatall of us should do, is to get a big theatrewhere he can produce plays and show hisgenius. But who is to do this, and whereis the money to come from? The State willnot help us, and it has to be done by somemillionaire who loves and understands the theatre, and it is to be hoped that all of ushere gathered before these scenes will soonmeet this man "." There could hardly be a more strikinginstance, continued Sir Gerald, than Mr. Craigof the truth of the saying that a prophet isnot without honour except among his ownpeople. Sir Gerald enlarged upon the factthat in England, and in England alone of allthe countries which have claims to count,artistically speaking, Craig is recognised atfar less than his true value. In Moscow, inFlorence (and, indeed, all over Italy), andin Germany, his name is a household word." It was forty years ago when I first sawhim ", said Sir Gerald. "He was thenplaying with his mother, Ellen Terry, and hewas taking the part of a young man on hisway to the scaffold. She tickled him underthe arm, and he roared with laughter, so muchthat the audience said " Sh! ". (I- AT THE ARCHITECTURAL ASSOCIATION.THE collection of drawings later passedfrom the St. George's Gallery and werehung in one of the lovely Adams rooms atthe Architectural Association in BedfordSquare.The Exhibition was visited by somethousands of visitors.The Catalogue contained a Foreword byMr. Ashley Dukes, which is printed below. PREFACE TO THE CATALOGUE BY ASHLEY DUKES. EDWARD Gordon Craig is an actor, a manof the theatre, and a dramatic artist.Edward Gordon Craig is also the founder of" The Mask" and writer of books on theart of the theatre. These two EdwardGordon Craigs, who are one and the same,are surely enough to go on with. Who wouldsuppose that there is a third Edward GordonCraig, a would-be producer of plays, whohates actors like the devil and whose soleambition is to bury them under stacks of stagescenery, mountain-high, designed and paintedby himself at a cost so outrageous that Mr.Shubert himself could not afford to engage his services, and under artistic conditions soextravagant that no one can possibly workwith him? Yet the legend of this thirdEdward Gordon Craig was invented at leasttwenty years ago, and it has been industriouslykept alive by people who cannot understandthe other two, or prefer not to understandthem.You would suppose that by this timethe dramatic critics, at least, would havefound out the truth about this legend. Butthe dramatic critics see so many plays thatthey have no time left even for reading booksabout the theatre (I know this, for I wasfifteen years a dramatic critic), and also theyhave had no recent opportunity of judging Mr.Craig's work as a dramatic artist, his pro- ductions having been made in other coun- tries and not in England. So the dramaticcritics are hardly to be blamed if they acceptthe legend of the third Mr. Craig as one ofthe conventions of their trade.Meanwhile, the first and second EdwardGordon Craigs have been going quietly abouttheir business as artists and writers and thin- kers for the theatre. 1 do not mean by" thinkers " people v/ho argue about sex orreligion or politics on the stage in the guiseof playwrights, but people who examine thefoundations of dramatic performance — whoperceive, for example, that dramatic literaturedoes not include the whole of drama, andthat the presentation of a play should not beregarded as a sort of accretion to the literarywork. Such people are especially needed atthe present time, when the intellectual theatreis perishing of its own superfluity of ideas,and theatrical art enjoys some hope of resto- ration.One of the two Mr. Craigs, who hasproduced plays by Ibsen as well as plays byShakespeare, was lately invited to make atheatrical production. Ibsen's " The Preten- ders ", which had been first performed atChristiania in 1864, was seen at the RoyalTheatre, Copenhagen in 1871, when thetragic actor, Emil Poulsen, distinguishedhimself in the part of Bishop Nicholas. In1926 the sons of Emil Poulsen, Adam andJohannes, resolved to celebrate the twenty- fifth anniversary of their own work on theDanish stage by a gala performance of thesame play. The directors of the State Thea- tre invited Mr. Craig to direct successfully the new production, and the designs nowshown in London were realised on that stage(November 17th, 1926). They represent intheir present form the practical accompani- ment of thirty days' rehearsals, carried onwhile the ordinary routine of the State Re- pertory Theatre was in progress. Anaddress was presented by the artists of thetheatre to their visitor in these charmingterms: The artists of the Royal Danish Theatrewho under your leadership have performed" The Pretenders hy Henrik Ihsen, herebywish to salute you as their master and tothank y°u f°r the enrichment wh'ch yourmind and imagination have brought to thecommon task of dramatic performance on thisoccasion. In Stanislavsky s Words, We trustthat you may have perseverance to fulfil yourmission of beauty.The Royal Danish Theatre, Copenhagen.November, 1926.€J The etchings shown in the presentexhibition are dedicated "To Old Bach"by way of emphasising the idea in whichthey originated. They represent Mr. Craig'sbelief that when the patrons of the theatreare willing, the artists of the theatre will beable to create a medium of their own — anart which will be to vision what music is tosound.Perhaps it is now plain that there is onlyone Edward Gordon Craig. (i) We reprint this report of Sir Gerald's speech fromthe " Daily Telegraph" of June 27th, from which we alsoreprint Mr. H. M. Walbrock's Notes upon the Designs exhi- bited. NOTES ON THE DESIGNS BY H. M. WALBROOK. MR. Edward Gordon Craig has come toLondon, bringing his sheaves with him.In other words, his designs for the decorationof the recent revival of Ibsen's tragedy," The Pretenders ", at the famous old RoyalTheatre, Copenhagen — the theatre of thegreat Ludwig von Holberg of long ago —are now on view at the St. George's Gallery,Hanover Square, where every student oftheatrical decorative art should make a pointof seeing them." The Pretenders "is a very long andvery grand tragedy. Henry Irving once hadserious thoughts of producing it and playingthe part of the doomed Duke Skule. Had he done so he would probably have givenone of the grandest of his performances, andthe play would have become as familiar-in England as "The Master Builder". Asit happened, however, its only production inthis country took place in the Haymarket inFebruary 1913, when, in spite of some me- morable acting by Mr. William Haviland inthe part of the diabolical old Bishop Nicholas,an intellectual impersonation by Mr. LaurenceIrving as the Duke Skule, and a very tenderand poetical Margrete by Miss Netta West- cott, the play had only a short run. Nowthat I have seen Mr. Gordon Craig's designsfor its decoration, and also listened to hisimpressions of the acting of Johannes Poulsen,and the rest of the Copenhagen cast, I canonly groan at having missed this Danish pro- duction.Mr. Craig's pictures, as they hang in theirframes on the gallery walls, are of the sortthat the playgoer should delight in. Needlessto say, his vision of the thirteenth-centurysaga is a poet's as well as a painter's.Soaring towers and lofty chambers, sweepingprocessions, spears and banners, splashes ofsplendid- colour, figures ghostly and ghastly aswell as heroic, battle, murder, and stormyskies — in short, every element in Ibsen'scolossal tragedy — are presented.There is, of course, far more in thesedesigns than their poetry and drama — andhere, like Agag, I shall have to tread deli- cately, for it is an element in such work thatI can only dimly apprehend, though I thinkI realise its importance. It is a technical, a- scientific something — the touch, shall I say,of the mathematician, the engineer. Again andagain the visitor finds himself in the presenceof a problem; and here, as on the aestheticside, the exhibition will cast its spell. It is, ofcourse, an old story that brain, equally withbeauty figures in all Mr. Gordon Craig's workfor the theatre; and it is that combination on ahigh level that has ensured him his renownon the Continent. It is easy to realise asone looks at these designs, with their mea- surements and their pencilled notes, how.complete must have been their effect on thestage, not of grandeur only, but of simplicity;and surely that is the crowning touch in allsuch work.It is strange indeed that we see so littleof this artist's work in the London theatre. Mr. Dukes makes a subtle reference tothis in his introduction. He quotes, withdue irony, a weird legend to the effect thatto engage Mr. Gordon Craig as a produceris to risk an expenditure of millions! Wri- ting with some knowledge of such legends, Ishould say that probably this is the silliestthat ever emerged from the mind of man.There is not a hint of any sort of extrava- gance in these designs; and, grand as it was,1 feel sure that the Copenhagen production- . L O Iof " The Pretenders " did not cost a quarteras much as many a London production ofinfinitely less moment has cost during thepast ten years. After all, it is not, as arule, brain that brings about bankruptcy, butthe lack of it; and, like most real poets, Mr.Gordon Craig, 1 venture to surmise, is alsoone of the most practical of men. Let Lon- don's Theatres "see to it!" A SILHOUETTE BY DANIEL CHODOWIECKI. A FORTHCOMING VOLUME.THE Oxford University Press is at workon a volume by Mr. Craig entitled "AProduction ", and this will contain facsimilesof the designs for " The Pretenders" inblack and white and in colour. A LOST COLLABORATION BY GORDON CRAIG. ONE hundred years ago on November 8 thnext died Thomas Bewick, that mostdelightful English craftsman who engravedso well that if only he had allied himself tothe artist-engraver William Blake — there Ipause, not knowing what more to say." And why these two ? " you ask ? —" and why together ? — and why not eachon his own ? "Well , as they were born almost in thesame year and died one year after each other,and were forgotten for a century and neverbecame the fashion and made too little to livewell on and apparently had to drudge likedray horses in order to get a living, possiblyhad they joined partnership the machine wouldhave gone along easier for both.Blake's14 A Robin redbreast in a cagePuts all Heaven in a rage "with Bewick's " The Redbreast " which mea- sures only 2 X 3 1/16 inches — what couldgo better together ?Blake could engrave a bit on wood butengraved very little on wood — and wood,if a harder medium than Blake's pewter andacid, does prove much easier to print; andif Bewick had only shared the labour of thecraft with Blake we should all of us haveoriginal copies of Blake today and there wouldbe none of this £ 3050 for a copy of Blake's" Visions " just because of their tragic rarity.Bewick showed himself able, for " TheChillingham Wild Bull " engraved in 1789was done as Blake's " Songs of Innocence "were coming out of the press.It is a mighty good wood engraving, thatBull; but the whole thing lacks Blake's gui- dance. Bewick with Blake would have shown Europe something so well worth showingthat I am surprised that the Fates didn't helpthe matter on.But I am even more surprised that people- in England do not bring such men togethermore often than they do.In 1767 Bewick was apprenticed to RalphBeilby of Newcastle, and the very same yearBlake began to study art at Par's DrawingSchool in the Strand ; four years later he wasapprenticed to the engraver Basire.What a waste of time for Blake whenBewick was pegging away at the craft — andwas the very man born to serve Blake's genius.For no one can accuse old Bewick ofpossessing genius — and no one can praiseBlake as sufficiently a master of the wood- engraver's technique. I think most will agreethat some of his pupils —or disciples were they—?beat him easily in technical powers.In 1 776 Blake was just finishing his " Poe- tical Sketches " begun in 1769 — in facteither wasting time that he might have givento engraving or wantonly gambling on a ter- rible risk with two strings to his bow, belie- ving that two strings were better than one.Bewick could have saved a calamity hadhe popped in one day during his year's trialin London at No. 28 Broad St. CarnabyMarket, Golden Square and found Blake athome, or gone to see him and his work atBasire's shop in Great Queen St., Lincoln'sInn Fields.And didn't he go there ? — and didn'the come face to face with Blake — and failto recognize something ? " He recognizedLondon's attractions " wrote the excellent de- -signer and engraver Mr. Selwyn Image (1)" and its advantages, yet essentially the placeand its life were abhorrent to him ''.I longed to see Tyneside again" hewrote himself of this London visit; and in1777, midsummer, he sailed from the Thamesback to Newcastle.It was this going back which is so cha- racteristic of Bewick: it is the everlastinggoing on which characterizes Blake.Not till he was two-and-thirty did Bewickmarry Miss Elliot of Ovingham ; before twenty- ,six did Blake dash in and marry his Catherine.But it was something exceptional which delayed Bewick and hastened Blake ; the for- mer had long made up his mind, he writes," not to marry whilst my father and motherlived, in order that my undivided attentionmight be bestowed on them and only whenthey died did he marry.Blake's genius carried him away.Yes, it is a pity that these two extremes,alike in much, never worked together.In 1790 Bewick designed, engraved andpublished his " The Quadrupeds ;it passedquickly into three editions.In the same year (1790) Blake designed,wrote, engraved, printed and coloured by handhis " Marriage of Heaven and Hell ".In 1797 Bewick did his " The Birds ",Blake his " The Four Zoas ". Why, it's liketwo bells ringing in the sea at different points,both warning of peril.Bewick was by now — 1797 — beco- ming something of a success; Blake was in1797 "suffering from lack of employment asengraver ". (0But now in 1928 it is Blake who is heldas a great master and Bewick as a little master.The first is still thought of as not quite sane:the second is obviously utterly sane.For my part I would see many morepeople in England working together: for weEnglish are curiously eccentric in our compo- sition : this I have learned to understand betterafter many years spent in Italy. We are madeup of queer contraries.This bit of our nature makes us extreme- ly able : that bit renders us utterly futile:here we shine, there we merely smoke. Thus,unless we are equipt at all points, we do notsucceed in our art or our work; — and veryfew in England are so equipt.And so it comes about that cooperation,collaboration and firm friendships in work aremost desirable for us English artists : and itwould even render England herself stronger.Imagine for a moment Shakespeare withoutBurbage ! I wager his plays would not havebeen written without him, and I believe thatit is due to the presence of Burbage with atheatre on his hands that Shakespeare becameShakespeare.Gilbert and Sullivan is another collabo- ration productive of great things for England.- Dryden and Purcell; Ben Jonson and Inigo Jones; And it is essential that one of thepartners shall be the man of genius and thathis collaborator shall be the compliment tohim, filling up what needs completing withoutany talk, with perfect understanding." Love and justice are compliments eachof the other " is the example given us in ourOxford Dictionary.The Germans who are in some ways almostas eccentric as the English, have discoveredhow to work together so that even a Goetheand a Schiller could do this ; and the BrothersReinhardt and the artists around them showa useful collaboration to effectual, if not thegreatest, ends. (i) It is from his very interesting essay in 44 The PrintCollector's Quarterly " for 1925 that I get my information aboutBewick. (i) John Sampson. Oxford Press. THEATRICAL ACTION. MRS. OLDFIELD CANNOT CALL IT AN ART. Memoirs of the Life of Mrs Oldfield; byWilliam Egerton. 1731. A SILHOUETTE BY CHODOWIECKI. THEATRICAL Action is to be esteemed as a liberalAccomplishment, except it be objected, that we can- not call that an Art which cannot be attained by Art.Voice, Nature, Motion, and other Gifts, must be verybountifully bestowed by Nature, or Labour and Industrywill but push the unhappy Endeavourer, in that way, thefarther off his Wishes AN ACTOR'SPETITION. TRANSLATED FROM THEORIGINAL MANUSCRIPTREPRODUCED IN PLATE 19. A SILHOUETTE BY CHODOWIECKI. To the most Illustrious and Most ExcellentPrince.The Company of the Comici Confidentihaving recently been at and,among them, ihe most faithful servant of yourExcellency Battista Vanda Bimino, whoacts the part of the Zanni which is an essentialone in the commedia, it happened that thepolice of the illustrious Signor Podesta (I) ofCremona came to the playhouse to arrestcertain people suspected of being thievesandthere was a boy there of twelve years old,who, seeing the police, ran up into a garretof the said house where he concealed himself..Then, when the police were gone, he askedthe suppliant to help him to come down fromthe said garret, and thus the said Supplianthelped himt and in this way he got down into thestreet, and immediately the said boy ran away.For this reason the suppliant was forcedto give himself up in Cremona, where he wasexamined and then released on bail.After this, the Suppliant being with hisCompany at Pavia, his surety, being molestedat Cremona on account of being bound to de- liver up the Suppliant, this Surety had theaforesaid Suppliant seized afresh in Pavia ;but he was again immediately set at liberty,having first supplied another surety to the sameeffect as in the said Pavia. Thus the Suppliant, being here with hisCompany, was with them summoned by hisHighness the most illustrious lord Don Giovannito provide some amusement and diversion asthey were wont; and to render this servicethey departed for Milano where we now arefor that purpose: and the Suppliant, fearingto be further molested on the aforesaid charge,and being innocent in the matter, and havingalready been examined as to his having mere- ly assisted that boy to come down from theaforesaid garret, and the examination havingyielded no suspicion of any guilt whateverattaching to the said Suppliant, he comes hum- bly to appeal to your most illustrious Lordship.Imploring that you will deign to orderthat the aforesaid case of the aforesaid Sup- pliant may be transferred and brought hereto Milano and put into the hands of the mostillustrious Captain of Justice or into those of.whomsoever it shall best please your most il- lustrious Lordship to commit it, to the endthat he may administer and do justice; sothat the present suppliant may the more con- veniently, first defend his cause and .strate his innocence, and may also faithfullyserve in the plays for your most illustriouslordship and for the universal pleasure of theillustrious Signori of this Magnificent Cityof Milano. Otherwise there would result, inaddition to the injury to the present Suppliant?the deprivation also of much honest and de- lightful entertainment. Hoping to obtain thisboon from your most illustrious Lordship, towhom may felicity be long preserved.rT",HE writer of the above petition, Battista ■X da Rimino, Zanne of the Company ofthe Confidenti, is assumed by Luigi Rasi (in.his " Comici italiani ") to be " without doubt "identical with that Gio. Battista Vanninireferred to by the actor Bartolomeo Rossi ofVerona, in a " discourse to readers " which,precedes his pastoral " Fiamella (Paris,Abel l'Angeliero, 1584).In this " discourse " Rossi writes as fol- lows, relative to certain liberty of speechaccorded to those who take the comic or" ridiculous " parts :—. as Bergamini, who, if he does notobserve the true Bergamese speech it matterslittle, because his part is like that of Pedro--lino, of Buratino, of Arlechino, and otherswho imitate similar ludicrous personages, each of whom speaks in his own way, withoutobservance of language, unlike M. Simone,Zanne of the Signori Gelosi, and M. Battistada Rimino, Zanne of the Signori Confidcnti,who observe the true decorum of the Berga- mese speechDr. Paglicci-Brozzi published in the " Scenalllustrata " of October 15th 1890 this 44 -plicatione" which we have reproduced forthe first time and which is addressed by Bat- tista da Rimino to the Marchese d'Aya- monte don Antonio de Guzman, governor inItaly on behalf of 44 his Catholic Majesty "the King of Spain, and dated June 25th 1 574.The famous Company of the 44 Confiden- ti " would be shown by this letter to havebeen during that year in Cremona, Pavia andMilano.The petition bears appended to it thewords: 44 II Podesta di Cremona faccia giu- stizia ", (let the Podesta of Cremona judgethe case ") and signed 4 4 Neyra ", whichshows that Rimino's petition failed to pro- cure the favour he so humbly asked. (1) The governing official of the city, the title has beenrecently revived. . , ,. _(2) Probably in Via de' Rastelli facing the Palazzo di Corte JOHN PALMERA SHORT BIOGRAPHICAL NOTE ON ANEIGHTEENTH CENTURY ACTOR JOHN PALMER, actor, born in the parish ofSt. Luke's, Old Street, London, about1742, was the son of a private soldier whosubsequently became a bill-sticker and door- keeper at Drury Lane Theatre.When about eighteen John recited GeorgeBarnwell and Mercutio before Garrick, butGarrick found no promise in him.On May 20th 1762 he made his firstappearance on any stage, playing 44Buck " inthe 44Englishman in Paris ".In 1785 Palmer, " yielding to his ownambition and the counsels of friends beganto build the Royalty Theatre " in WelcloseSquare. He opened it on June 20th 1787with a performance of 44 As You Like it ".He died August 2nd 1798 at Liverpoolwhile playing in the " StrangerIn very low spirits after the death of hiswife and a favourite son, " He went throughtwo acts with great effect. In the third acthe was much agitated and in the fourth, atthe question of Baron Steinfort relative to hischildren, he endeavoured to proceed, fellback, heaved a convulsive sigh, and died, theaudience supposing until the body was re- moved and the performance arrested, that hewas merely playing his part " (I).The story that he died after saying thewords " There is another and a better world "is, according to Lowe, entirely false.He was known as 44 Plausible Jack "and was the original Joseph Surface in the1 777 production, which part, says Lowe, heacted in private as well as on the stage.The silhouette published here is not verywell known. In fact in twenty years we havenot come across a copy. (i) Joseph Knight, from whom the above extracts aretaken, contributes a biography of about eight small-type co- lumns to the Dictionary of National Biography. DANIEL NICHOLASCHODOWIECKI. A. C. A SILHOUETTE BY CHODOWIECKI. Daniel Nicholas Chodowiecki (1726-1801)was, says a writer in the " Encyclo- paedia Britannica", a German painter and en- graver of Polish descent born at Dantzig.Left an orphan at an early age, he de- voted himself to the practice of miniaturepainting, the elements of which his father hadtaught him as a means of support for himselfand his mother.In 1743 he went to Berlin, where forsome time he worked as clerk in an uncle'soffice, practising art, however, in his leisuremoments, and gaining a sort of reputation asa painter of miniatures for snuff-boxes.The Berlin Academy, attracted by asmall engraving of his, entrusted to him theillustration of its yearly almanac.Before long there were few books pu- blished in Prussia without a plate or vignetteby Chodowiecki.The catalogue of his works (Berlin 1814)includes over 3000 items.He became director of the Berlin Aca- demy in 1797. The title of the " German Hogarth " ;which he sometimes obtained, was the effectof an admiration rather imaginative than cri- tical, and was disclaimed by Chodowieckihimself he showed skilful drawing andgrouping, and considerable expressional po- wer, but no tendency whatever to the use ofthe grotesque.His brother Gottfried (1728-1781) andson Wilhelm (1765-1803) painted and en- graved after the style of Daniel, and some- times co-operated with him. Max Von Boehn, in his fascinating vo- lume on " Miniatures and Silhouettes " (;) re- lates that while still a child at Dantzig Da- niel Chodowiecki " painted dozens of smallportraits of Stanislaus Lesczynski, the Polishking " and adds that "Frederick the Great andChodowiecki are inseparably linked together ",so many portraits did the artist produce ofthe Prussian king: "for years he producedenough portraits of his king to earn 100 tha- lers a month " ; and " faithfully preserved forhis own day and for posterity the features,mien and appearance of ' old Fritz'To compare Chodowiecki with Hogarthis the ridiculous gasp made by criticism whenit doesn't know what to say.Chodowiecki is comparable to no one- else. Me he delights infinitely more thanHogarth has ever delighted me.His mastery of the grotesque is peculiarto him—but he doesn't overdo it as do mostartists. They are siezed by the spirit ofGrotesque—he siezes it—and holds it down. -To speak of his showing " considerableexpressional power " as does the writer inthe " Encyclopaedia Britannica " is to speakin safety instead of stuttering, To stutterabout Chodowiecki would be more seemly.Chodowiecki was a genius—a very rare .artist indeed, and a delight for ever. (l) An English translation of this work has been latelypublished by Messrs J. M. Dent &amp; Sons.Silhouettes by Chodowiecki appear on several pages 01this number. REDUCED FACSIMILE OF RIMINIO'S PETITION. Plate 19. JOHN PALMER. ACTOR.circa 1742 - 1798. Plate 20. BOOK REVIEWS. THE STORY OF THE THEA- - TRE by Glenn Hughes. Illustrated.Samuel French. New York &amp; London.Price 5 Dollars.WE have here all Mantzius's six vo- lumes contained and somethingmore, for Mantzius's 44 History of Thea- trical Art " did not deal with the lasthalf of the nineteenth and the earlyyears of the twentieth centuries.But to be fair on Maatzius Mr.Hughes after ail doesn't linger as theDanish actor-scholar did and so heomits to give us many hundreds oflittle facts and hints which are so va- luable to the stage minds which come• to ponder such facts and hints.But what stage minds do care todo this ? and 1 ask myself whether ofthis book as many as fifty copies willbe bought by members of the Ame- rican and English Theatrical profession.If fifty, will twenty read the book ?Jf they don't ...and indeed it's less rea- dable than Mantzius, ...they may referto it readily for its more concise.But will they? What is the matterwith the members of the English speak- ing theatrical profession that it likes toremain innocent of the knowledge ofwhat has happened in its theatres ofthe world ?44 Ever hear of Garrick ? " I askedan English actor. He withered mewith a scornful glance. 44 Where didhe live? " I -added. His glancebroke, scattered and he looked quitedistressed. 44 I never thought of that "vhe said quite charmingly. 44 Wheredid he live?" We were standing onAdelphi Terrace in front of Garrick'sHouse. 44 There " I said, looking atnumber 5. Had I asked him if heknew that Talma had come once ortwice to London — been educatedthere — or that Rachel had played atSt. James's Tneatre, or that it was anactor that had created the greatest se- ries of Eastern plays in existence hewould have not liked me. Yet I wouldhave loved to talk with him on suchthings and hear what he had to say. Actors have very little to say; butby talking of nothing very bril- liantly cause the time to pass very de- lightfully. But it passes empty away.That's why it would be quite as blessing ail round if actors would buyMr. Hughes's very excellent and re- liable book. THE DEVELOPMENT OF SCE- NIC ART AND STAGE MACHI- NERY compiled by W. B. Gamble./ 928. New York. Price $ 2.50.THIS is a list of references in theNew York Public Library; a listof books and of articles preserved inthat library. It appeared in 1920 butnow has been revised and is muchmore valuable.It's such a wide-awake notion totake trouble to keep lists. Lists helpus all so much; and if few are bornwho can write, everyone (except thegreat writer) can help a list withoutexception.No theatre library can be withoutthis volume: no lover of stage-workcan afford to be without it.This phrase is so old: — neverwas it used with more truth than nowand here. THE WOMAN OF THE 18THCENTURY by Edmond and Jules deGoncourt; translated by J. Le Clercqand R. Roeder. George Allen. Price18/—. Illustrated.IS this really the first time that thisremarkable and charming work ha3been translated into English ?if we could all read French easilywhat would it matter; but as so manyof us cannot it comes over me in akind of grief that at twenlyfive I wasn'table to get what is offered to me bythese delightful brothers in this book oftheirs.Now somehow it doesn't mattermuch. I am already familiar withwhat they wrote about through thepages of other books whose authorshave gone to these two de Goncourtsfor reference after reference.The passages which touch upon thestage are worth careful scrutiny by everystudent of the Theatre of Paris.As for woman herself, she willwonder what it's all about, this por- trait of a series of portraits of herselfin the 18th century.She will wonder and grieve thatsuch a time i3 gone . . . unless she dis- cover that today is just the same astwo hundred years ago.That, I will admit, is not so easy to discover; one can guess it, but asone reads de Goncourt one has one'sdoubts.The fine manners, for example,were clearly such an important part oflife that now that they are barely man- ners at all one does begin to put thequestion " Is it all different now andnot as good? "But for my part I believe this canbe asked of any lime since the yearone. Then like a quickly writtenverse, like a brilliant sketch, like a freshegg, this world came into being, deve- loped until the year one was reached.When exactly that year happenedhas never been clearly defined, but itwas then — in fact in year Two —that things began to crumble.Crumbling ever since, it is still fai- ling from the rich man's table and La- zarus is happy to fill his mouth with alittle du3t.Lazarus and the 13th century kneweach other well.It was quite as cruel an age as todaybut the manners made a difference theneven to Lazarus. ALL THE BRUXELLESTHEATRES AND ONE INo SAB B I O N E TA . oMRenieu is a historian of the• Th eatre not by profession butbecause he is devotedly fond of Thea- tres. He is Rot the kind of manwho says, that he regrets he has notime to do the work better: but indeedthat he finds time to do it as well ashe does is extraordinary.For this book (0—there are twovolumes—is packed tight with infor- mation.You know those Histories whichare padded out with anecdotes and inwhich you can find everything exceptthe History of the Theatre dealt with:well, M. Renieu's book is no suchHistory. It is about all the Theatresof Bruxelles, Cinemas as well as Play- houses of every genre, and about eachplayhouse and each cinema you haveevery fact. It is well illustrated andnicely printed!. The two volumes arebulky although the type is not spreadout but carefully compressed in com- pact format.No reader of " The Mas\ " whois a student of the History of theEuropean Stage will fail to get thesevolumes, and then he will be able tojudge how excellent is th3 news thatM. Renieu has almost completed a like History of The Theatres of Pa- ris and is beginning a work upon TheTheatres cf London.And a few men have this abilityor coping successfully with immensethemes such as these : but I hope thatthe scholars and students of less abi- lity will not be led to emulate thisauthor : I hope they will devote theirtime to subjects which are smaller,for it is these smaller tbemes we stillneed to know more of.One such has just been splendidlyhandled by Signor Tomaso Buzzi theMilanese architect who has given us ahistorical essay of considerable valueupon Scamozzi's Theatre at Sabbic- lieta.It was printed first in an Italianjournal, and is, 1 hear, to be transla- ted into Erglish and published in aLondon magazine.It is a thorough piece of work il- lustrated by many drawings by theauthor — delightful drawings—as wellas by seme excellent photographs.Signor Buzzi ccmes of an ancientfamily of architects cf renewn, and heknows what he is writing about, andall his sketches aie alive, yet as soberas they are sprightly.It is not often that such talent isto be found, ncr such a combinationof qualities in so ycurg a man, (i) L' Histoire des Theatres de Brux- elles by Lionel Renieu. Editions Du- cliartre and Van Jduggenhandt. Paris. GREAT SHORT NOVELS OFTHE WORLD selected by BarrettH. Clark. Heinemann. Price 8/6 net.THIS volume fours a companion tothe previously published collec- tion of 44 Great Short Stories of theWorld ' ', which George Mccre des- cribed as 44 a miracle, a triumph ofbeck-making ".Mr. Earreft Clark, always a carefulworker, has here, with the aid ofscholars and specialists, been able toassemble abundant material, includingin some cases tales which have neverbefore been translated.The range of period, nationality,and subject covered is a wide one,comprising Ancient Greece, Rcme andIndia, Arabia, China, Japan, GreatBritain, A merica, Germany, France,Italy, Finland, Poland and mcst cfthe other European countries.Beginning with the stcry of Judithfrom the Apochryphal scriptures, tieseries follows down thicugh many agesand lands to examples of such recentwork as Hergesheimer's 44 Tubal Cain ",Pirandello's 44 In Silence " and So- merset Maugham's 44 Rain, and includesthe wriiings of men as widely differing as Dandin, Gide, Reymont, Aho,Gjalski and Bang.Containing 1316 closely printed pa- ges, it gives much at small ctst, andin a compact and convenient form.The volume would be a good compa- nion for a traveller who desires va- ried reading in small compass. COLLECTED ESSA V5, PAPERS,ETC of Robert Bridg es. II, Hum- drum 'and Harum Scaium, a Lectureon Free Verse. Ill. Poetic Diction.Oxford University Press. Price 2/6.THE author— our Poel-Laureafe—must know what he is talkingabout, and people will have had littledifficulty in knowing what it was hewas saying when he delivered thislecture on Free verse; Iut when itccmes to printing it it leeks a bitcd.1 have noticed that 44 The Mail? "has now and again held a printer'serror cr two ; you may have no- ticed it—hut ycu will spot the aboveword cd.It's not the printer's fcrlt thistime : it's using the symbols (the ABC)in the way Dr. Bridges uses them—or it's trying to do so.Forlt too. I haven't come acrossthese two words, but there I notedsome such as colleg for college : ha- tin for having (though here a newshaped a with a bit of hang dogtail does anyhow slur the g) ; eny forany; hav for have; (whether luv isto stand for love and duv for dove Ihave not yet discovered) ; grat forgreat: fell in place of fail : main be- comes mein greet, gratyBecause remains as it was, and deesnot become bcceuse or belies, nor isfield changed to jceld, and verse isleft verse when it might easily havebecome vers cr verce.Once I considered myself to be abad speller; new I begin to think thatin this matter I was in advance cf mytime.True, I put Gs on to the end ofthe words hanging, going, seeing, hea- ring ; but that was only frcm a pro- bably too modest desire not to apethe little ways cf the most upperclass. I dreaded to hear someone sayin my hearing one day 44 Takin him- self to belong to tbe Edwardian cir- cleIt was so happy a trick withEdward Prince of Wales, in 1881 :and it was a trick that suited thecharming ladies who did it withoutthinkin. Dr. Bridges discusses Free Verseand the question, and discusses lucidly.Oxford sees light. I would too, but Icannot,Dr. Bridges begins by saying hewill •' rot discuss the difference be- tween poetry and prose, but merely thedistinctive forms of verse and prose " ;and before a page or two is done heutters the name Moliere. If he hadn'tdone so perhaps I should have remain- ed grave to the end; but as thename sounded I went off into thegiggle1 hese men — these Mo!i£res— should- n't have been nllowed to live, forthey are so wise they can in a pas- sage of ten lines render me and pos- sibly you unable to stop laughing untilone has cried : they are so wise theycan in a few words silence all one'sdoubts and fire the smoke of even ourbiggest stupidities ;— but in doing sothey burn up lovely leaflets like thisdiscourse of Dr. Eridges's on Free -Verse,It's awfully wrong of them some- how ; but 1 can't put my finger onthe spot where it's wrong.But from today forth I will befeeling freer and stronger, for I toomay and shall now spell like a Dock. U ANTE TEATRO —1L CJNE- MATOGRAFO COME ARTE byS. A. Luciani. La Voce ". Roma.Price 10 lire.ANYTHING Ante puts my backup, and, Reviewer though I maybe, all is up with my back up.So I car not do justice to ibis mostinteresting bcokkt about the Cinemaas an art.Signor Luciani will be ever talking ~of Corot, of Daubigny, of Manet,Pisarro, Turner, Carevaggio and Rem- brandt, Pee, Dostojevsky and Balzac,saying for example, of these two,44 Cosi una scena cinemalografica pubessere pari per profundita di oescri- zicne e di introsf ezicne ad una pa- gina de Dostojevsky o di BalzacWhat has Cinema to do with theseor they with it ? Nulla.Why should the readers of suchbocks be annoyed by talk which is sofar from all point ?Signor Luciani is most intelligent—admitted : but to do this disserviceto the people's ait is unkind of him.Cinema deserves its success—im- mense and profitable: mere than that,it deserves to be left free,— free from -an undesirable association with theFine Arts. FOUNDATIONS OF ENGLISHOPERA by E. /. Dent. CambridgeUniversity Press. Price 12/6 net.'TWERE is nothing the matter it«*• would seem with the foundations.Mr. Dent has inspected them andseems more or less exact in his reportthat nothing is wrong there.But it isn't a very thrilling book,this ambling talk on Purcell and others.7 he style is not exactly happy,—lesseven than that: but when he dodgesround any corner Mr. Dent dodgeswith distinction.Somehow or other a book on anart has to be really very profound orvery brilliant, and this book is neither— and has bored me, and I must saymusical things are a bore—or Pur- cell and Foundations bore.Since they never do so I cannotsay so : since this book does I do. % TWOPENCE COLOURED byPatrick Hamilton. Constable. Price7/6 net.WHEN such a master of story- telling as Mr. W. W, Jacobsk says of a book that it ' * is one of thebest novels I have read for a longtime and when Mr. Pett Ridgeconsiders that the author (Mr. Hamilton)" shares with Charles Dickens theachievement of writing about ordinarypeople, and making them extraordinarilyw interesting ", the reviewer, surroundednorth, south, east and west by learnedand impressive volumes, may feel apleasing sense of relaxation and needonly say ditto to Messrs. Jacobs andRidge.This book of Mr. Hamilton's ist all about the theatre and the lifeof the theatre, the agencies and therehearsals and the ins and outs andups and downs and successes and re- verses of ordinary stage life as thou- sands live and know it.*The slightly stage-struck would notdo badly, to read M Twopence Co- louredIt would enlighten them as to certainaspects of " the Profession " and theprobable lot of aspirants not speciallyendowed : and actors and actressesand producers and agents would notdo ill to read it either, and observecertain little foibles in themselves asothers see them.... and they seeothers : for Mr Hamilton has a keeneye, and a sense of humour, and ap- parently no small intimacy with theinside life of the modern Englishtheatre. HAKLUYTS VOYAGES. WithIllustrations. Volumes 9dr 10. J, M.Dent &amp; Sons. Price £ 3. / 5 net the set.WITH these two final volumes,which supplement the formereight by the addition of 44 The Fo- reign Voyages Messrs Dent com- plete their excellent leprint of Hak- luyt's great work.The tenth volume also contains acomprehensive name-and-subject index,and the entire series is illustrated withphotogravure reproductions of old prints,and with drawings made by ThomasDerrick from prints in the British Mu- seum, the Bib!ioth£que Nationale ofParis and other sources.There are portraits of early explo- rers, ancient maps and views of ci- ties, costume designs and many otherabsorbing and delightful things, and,in the final volumes, an illustration ofa wooden dancing rattle showing amask-like head from the Queen Char- lotte Islands, and a 14th century maskof hard volcanic stone representing theGod Xipe from Mexico.Anyone with 3.15.0 to spend will get his money's value, and a vastamount of entertaining reading in theEnglish of a fine period, if he addsthese ten volumes to his library. BONTSHE THE SiLENT by /.L. Peretz. Stanley Paul. Price 2/6net. Limited library Edition of 500copies, 8/6 net).ISAAC LOEB PERETZ has beendescribed by Anseio S. Rappoportas 44 One of the most modern andmost powerful of authors " and aspossessing 44 the master hand of aMaupassant and he has also beenestimated as 44 one of the most po- werful writers in Yiddish ".This volume, containing twenty-fiveimpressionistic sketches of Yiddish lifeand tradition, is often painful is itsvivid presentation and realisation ofsuffering, physical, mental and spiritual,but it is a judicious and interestingaddition to that 44 International Li- brary " through which Messrs StanleyPaul are bringing within reach of theEnglish reading public so many worksof recent European writers, EDITORIAL NOTESJULY: AUGUST: SEPTEMBER THE MATERIAL. ON REREADING THE "DEVELOPMENT OF THE THEATRE" BY DR. NICOLL. TOUCHING this matter of the mere- ly material — the building oftheatre, the scenical things, the pre- paration made for the spectators, themise-enscene and the front cf the house—it is curious to note that they whomake light of these things, who wouldsomewhat contemptuously urge us allto pass on over such triflings and 44 cometo Hecuba ", who would open a theatreand ring up the curtain without anyproper preparation, have from the firstavoided the whole subject, shirking thesetrifles as though utterly worthless.We must come back to this at everyexamination of a dramatist's worth : —how far did he learn the material sideof the playhouse and its entertainment.It may be that they are possibly veryslight matters, but that they are utterlyworthless and beneath the commonsense of the play-writers who possess thatrare coraodity can hardly be supposed. FREDERICK ROBSON.WE are indebted for the portraitsof Frederick Robson, reproducedin plates 15 and 16 to the courteous help -tulness of his only surviving son, Mr.E. M. Robson, the actor, who kindlylent us his own original copies.Mr. Robson also drew our attention tothree numbers, August, September andOctober 1907, of a rnidmonthly maga- zine called 44 Britannia " which containedthree consecutive articles on FrederickRobson by Sir Francis Burnand withseveral illustrations, one of which, aprivate portrait, has what he describesas 44 a very good facsimile " of hisfather's autograph, 44 and one or two othersin character, also extremely good **.Mr. Robson also writes : 44 The Gar- rick Club has, I've been given to un- derstand, an oil painting, of him pre- sented to the Club when Robson s widowdied and his estate realized in 1699". LAST WORDS. KONX OMPAX AGAIN! Mr. James Douglas on Stratford uponAvon and the Shakespeare Me- morial.,4 T have been dreaming dreams and| seeing visions at Stratford uponAvon.... I have set foot on its saciedsoil.... 1 have heard the bells ringing,.,.I have walked m the birthday proces- sion. 1 have eaten the birthday lunch.I have drunk the birthday toast " ....andhe ought to have added " I have drunkand I was well pleased ! I have saidKonx ompax, and it is finished ! "When Shelley made his solemn ha- rangue to the rowdies in Covent GardenMarket which ended thus, he was notmore ludicrous than is our James Dou- glas when recently holding forth to hisreaders in the Daily Express,And his readers were doubtless spellbound.Glorious old journalism! THE TWO ALFREDS,o BUNN AND BUTT. oONCE upon a time there was a ridi- culous but important Theatrical Ma- nager called Mr. Bunn ; he was lesseeof the Theatres Royal, Drury Lane andCovent Garden for over ten years.Mr. Alfred Bunn was most absurdfor every reason, but especially absurdwas he for squatting in either of these; two British Theatres.That is all he did—squatted.Butt does it today.Bunn and Butt are as like as twopeas.Of Bunn's direction we read thatthere was not a style of entertain- ment that Bunn did not essay; he be- gan with legitimate drama, and descen- ded in 1839 to tight rope dancers, andto Van Aniburg the Lion Tamer.In. 1840 he became bankrupt, pro- phetic of the Norwegian actor Mr. OscarA sell e.We read further that 44 he was astrange compound —by 110 means badhearted.... but....Ah Butt ! —i4 What natural talent he possessedwas uncultivated ; his language and man- ners coarse and his taste deplorable.Our Butt is cultivated, with refinedlanguage and manners, but his taste isas bad rs Bunn's any day.Recently our Butt imported " TheShow Boat an American affair.44 The play has been so stupendousa task" he told Argonaut the wellknown writer on Dramatics, 4' that Ishall never put on another like it ".God bless the man for that promise,but also God bless him for his innocentidea that it was he putting it 011. Allthat was being done because of his stagecarpenters. The wits in the work wereimported from America.We wish our Butt well ; but whaton earth possesses London with its com- inonsense and its fair amount of goodfeeling to allow our old Butt insideDrury Lane Theatre at all? Peckhani is the place for Butt; hewould adorn Peckham—Peckham wouldadore Butt. Or he would he topping asa managing director at a Thames wharf:we don't know that he wouldn't suitthat position better than anything else.It's the cruelest thing London couldhave devised, to place him at DruryLane. And there he does such a deu- ced lot of harm too. whereas at somebarge wharf be couldn't hurt a fly.One of the worst things poor Buttever did was to engage Basil Dean andthen get rid of him within the first year.We wish Butt real well ; but whenwe think of that Dean business we wishhim an exceeding lot of ill. Because,though Dean may have his faults, he isall for bettering our British Theatre; —all Butt is for is betting on * the BritishTheatre and he backs the right ass everytime. o foreigners: qVIENNESE ACTORS FOR ENGLAND" Tt seems queer 14 wrote a London DailyJ not long since " to have our Shake- speare taken to Vienna, turned into Ger- man, and brought back to us in the fo- reign tongue. Heyr Raoul Asian, thenoted actor of the Tdurg theater, has con- ceived the idea of showing us, not howShakespeare's plays should be but how they are presented in Vienna."He is coming, 1 believe, early inJuly, and I have no doubt that he willfind plenty of people in London interestedin his work." Frau Bleibtreu, the great Germantragedienne, is among those who willcome with him ".WE feel too that Wertheim, the bigBerlin stores, ought to be speciallyinvited to come over and build a hugeshop in London next to Peter Robinson's,and that Le Priniemps should erect astill larger shop 011 the other flank ofPeter Robinson's.Why not, we ask ? HUNGARY EXPLAINS WHY NOT.Two women in the stalls of a Budapesttheatre in which an American per- former was appearing, were burnt by acorrosive fluid being thrown by four stu- dents from the gallery into the audito- rium. The fumes made most of theaudience weep.The students told the police that theydid so as a protest against the employ- ment of foreign artistes at a high salary,while Hungarian dancers were idle.GERMAN OPERA FOR LONDON.o 1928. o\T7HEN London's season of so-calledVY Grand Opera opened at CoventGarden this past spring it was NOTwith Purcell's 44 Dido and .Eneas ",NOT with Purcell's 44 King Arthur "nor with anything by any English com- poser, but as usual with a performanceof the 44 Rheingold ". Wonderfully well organized, the thingis wretchedly conceived ; for until operasby our great English composers are gi- ven, and given on the opening nights ofthe season too, it will be a disgrace toEngland.Presumably it is still foreignersrmoney which turns the scale in favourof German, French and Italian opera inEngland.- . &gt; AND WHAT COMES OF IT.&lt;&lt; r . He day is not far distant whenI the Opera House will fall intothe hands of the house-breakerExtract from a paper ofMay 6 1928. ITALY AND FOREIGN ARTISTES.An English singer, having secured anopportunity to sing in one of thelarge Italian Theatres, writes that all wentoff well, and no one dreamed that she zuasa foreigner, — showing that lo be a fo- reigner is not the way to win an Italianaudience's applause, as unfortunatelyseems to be the case in some lands. o THE MONEY SNARE, oA young actor, writing recently to thepapers, asserted that he was in theTheatre for money's sake, not for Art'ssake.A sound notion perhaps (for anyoneover thirty-five) ; but, when we read ofan actor^manager, who had receivedmore than «£ 100,000 from royalties froma single play, having recently passedthrough the Bankruptcy Court, we rea- lize how expensive and dangerous it isto try and make money out of the Theatre.If the sort of thing goes on, if this „vicious kind of teaching that money isthe aim, gains ground, we shall soon haveno good actors left, — and we are shortof them as it is. BULWARK, i\OT BARRIER. .A great Italian Prime Minister, Fran- cesco Crispi, wrote many years ago ;44 I do not believe in the immutability ofthe " Staluto " ; history and common senseare both against it ... . The " Stcituto "is a bulwark to prevent us from goingback; not a barrier to prevent us fromgoing forwardIn theatres as in all else the rules ofthe game are 44 a bulwark to prevent usfrom going back; not a barrier to preventus from going forward".In London every other word utteredby the laziest section of the TheatricalProfession is some argument to preventus going forward,These lazy-minded people fancy thatthey would protect the profession: allthey do is to harm it.