The mask 2 1 2 3 July 1909 naau_1909-07_01 The mask 2 1 2 3 Untitled Image Illustration 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 Design showing the interior of an antique Theatre seen from the stage. The spectators are represented with the Venetian costume of the latter part of the fifteenth century. Illustration 4 GOD SAVE THE KING Gordon Craig cre 5-6 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Jt is meretorious to insist on forms. Religion and all else naturally clothes itself in forms.... Carlyle cre 6 Untitled Image Illustration 6 ELL'EN TERRY, FIRST FAIRY Graham Robertson cre 7-9 Untitled Image Illustration 7 Untitled Image Illustration 9 SHAKESPEARE AS SCENOGRAPHER Alexander Hevesi cre 10-12 Untitled Image Illustration 10 PELLEAS AND MELISANDE Torsten Soderjhelm. With a Biographical note by Gunnar Castren cre Euterpe 1905 cre 12-14 Untitled Image Illustration 12 Untitled Image Illustration 14 Untitled Image Illustration 15 Design No 2. An antique theatre showing the scenery and costumes as used in Venice in the fifteenth century Design No 1. shows a ruder wood engraving of the same scene. Illustration 15 THE NEW THEATRE IN POLAND: STANISLAW WYSPIANSKI L. de Schildenfeld Schiller, with an Introductory Biographical Note by the Editor cre 17-18 Untitled Image Illustration 17 Untitled Image Illustration 18 THE NEW THEATRE IN POLAND 18-23; 25-33; 35-37 Stanislaw Wyspianski. Portrait of himself Illustration 23 Two Designs for a Stage Scene for "The Legend' by Stanislaw Wyspianski. Reproduced by permission of Architect W. Ekielski, joint author of the 'Acropolis.' Illustration 33 Untitled Image Illustration 33 Untitled Image Illustration 37 THE ARENA GOLDONI, ITS PAST, ITS PRESENT AND ITS FUTURE Dorothy Nevile Lees cre 38-41; 44-50 Untitled Image Illustration 38 Untitled Image Illustration 38 THE PALAZZO AND PIAZZA DELLA SIGNORIA Illustration 41 The Arena Goldoni; Mr Gordon Craig's open air theatre in Florence Illustration 44 THE ARENA GOLDONI E. THESLEFF. Illustration 50 Mr FROHMAN'S LAST CONFESSION John Balance cre 51 Untitled Image Illustration 51 Mr BERNARD SHAW AND THE CENSOR John Semar cre 52 Untitled Image Illustration 52 As language in its noble use reveals, and in its ignoble use conceals, the thought of the W. M. Rossetti cre 52 THE MASK OF THE BOOK SELLER. Illustration 53 BOOK REVIEWS 55-58 Untitled Image Illustration 55 IS SHAKBSPBARB DBAD ? by Mark 55 TUB AMERICAN STAG® OB TODAY by 55-56 A TYPICAL SHAKLSPKARE STAG% 56-58 BOOKS, JOURNALS AND MAGAZINES 58 FOREIGN NOTES 58-59 Untitled Image Illustration 58 LONDON G. N cre 58 IVLr Forbes Robertson has lent his good R. S cre 58 PARIS H. B cre 58-59 EDITORIAL NOTES. 59-62 Untitled Image Illustration 59 congratulate Sir Herbert Beerbohm J. S cre 59-62 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 63 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 64 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 64 the'MASK BEQ?ns A NEW VOLUME Vol. 3 N.» 1-3 JULY 1909 THE MASKA QUARTERLY JOURNAL OFTHE ART OF THE THEATRE ARENA GOLDONIFLORENCEITALY YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION FIFTEEN SHILLINGS, POST FREE. GOD SAVE, THEKING &amp; ELLEN TERRY ELLEN TERRY SHAKESPEAREAS SCENOGRA- PHER. &amp; SHAKESPEARE AS SCENOGRA- PELLEAS AND MELISANDE &lt;£? PELLEAS ANDMELISANDE. &amp; STAN IS LAWWYSPIANSKI. STANISLAWW YSPIANSKI STANISLAWWYSPIANSKL STANISLAWWYSPIANSKI. STANISLAWWYSPIANSKI. S TAN IS LAWW YSPIANSKI. STANISLAWWYSPIANSKI. STAN ISL AWWYSPIANSKI. STANISLAWWYSPIANSKI, STANISLAWWYSPIANSK! STANISLAWWYSPIANSKI. STANISLAWWYSPIANSKI. STAN ISLAWWYSPIANSKI. STANISLAWWYSPIANSKI. ST ANISLAWWYSPIANSKI. STAN IS LAWWYSPIANKI, THE ARENAGOLDONI. &amp; THE ARENAGOLDONI. THE ARENA GOLDONI. &amp; &amp; THE ARENAGOLDONI, &amp; THE ARENA GOLDONI. &amp; &amp; THE ARENAGOLDONI. &amp; THE ARENAGOLDONI. &amp; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED &amp;Gerent© Responsabile, GHJLIO VANZI Printed for the Proprietor by E. Morandi, Tipografla Bodoniana, Via Pintl, Florence, and published at The Officeof " The Mask " Arena Gohdoni &amp; £?&amp;■&amp;?£&gt;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; LITERARY CONTENTS. &amp; GOD SAVE THE KING by GORDON CRAIG. &amp; ELLEN TERRY, FIRST FAIRY by GRAHAMROBERTSON. £&gt; SHAKESPEARE AS SCENOGRAPHER by ALEXANDER HEVESI. &amp;j0 PELLEAS AND MELISANDE by TORSTEN SODERJHELM WITH A BIOGRAPHICAL NOTEby GUNNAR CASTREN. £&gt; THE NEW THEATRE IN POLAND: STANISLAW WYSPIANSKIby L. de SCHILDENFELD SCHILLER, WITH AN INTRODUCTORY NOTE by THE EDITOR.THE ARENA GOLDONI, ITS PAST, PRESENT AND FUTURE by DOROTHY NEVILE LEES.&amp; Mr FROHMAN'S LAST CONFESSION by JOHN BALANCE. Mr BERNARD SHAW ANDTHE CENSOR by JOHN SEMAR. -&lt;S&gt; BOOK REVIEWS. j£f FOREIGN NOTES. EDITORIALNOTES. j£r ILLUSTRATIONS. j£&gt; THREE THEATRE DESIGNS OP THE FIFTEENTH CENTURY TWO DESIGNS FOR ASTAGE SCENE AND A PORTRAIT OF HIMSELF by STANISLAW WYSPIANSKI. THEPIAZZA DELLA SIGNORIA AT FLORENCE FROM AN OLD ENGRAVING. SIX VIEWS OFTHE ARENA GOLDONI. 0 THE MASK OF THE BOOKSELLER by EDUARD EDUARDOVITCH.0 HEAD AND TAIL PIECES by GORDON CRAIG, STANISLAW WYSPIANSKI, E. THESLEFF,CHARLES BORROW AND OTHERS. £?&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; Design showing the interior of an antique Theatre seen from the stage. The spectators are represented with the Venetiancostume of the latter part of the fifteenth century. GOD SAVE THE KING by Gordon Craig. Jf there is a thing in the world that I love it is a symbol. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;•&amp; If there is a Heaven that I can bend my knee to it is the sky.... if there is a God, the sun.I am not content to believe in the smaller things which I can touch. I cannot be familiarwith what is above me, but I must be able to see it all, and what I see must be superb.Therefore God save the King!" All Architecture is what you do to it when you look upon it ". (i) and if myking wanted to chop off my head I think I would submit cheerfully and dance to the blockfor the sake of preserving my ideal of Kingship. &amp;Kings have given us everything.... and we in times gone by have in return made up thesplendid procession which follows in their wake. Kings have not stopped giving us everything,but we have lately given up forming the splendid processions. We have lost the trick of itbecause we are losing the old power of our eyes and our other senses. Our senses,.... thosewonderful servants of ours over whom we reign as king,.... our senses have rebelled. Sothat it comes to this: that we on our part have lost our royalty. Our senses have had thevanity to revolt. This is infinitely disgusting. Our senses, if you please, are permittingthemselves the luxury of becoming tired. They Want another ruler than the 50u1,... andexpect Jupiter to send them a better. We have pampered our intellect so much of late, havesearched the archives of knowledge at so great an expense, that we have bargained oursenses away to our unimaginative reason. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; It costs all this to become practical today; our imagination is the price we pay. It seemsthat in the Garden of Paradise, the world, there are as many trees of knowledge as thereare men, so that it will no longer do to put our continual yearly " fall " down to woman,and we had surely better try to support her bitter laughter than that harsher scorn of thegods. &amp; And the gods are laughing! My God, so entirely peerless, laughs only with his eyes.He laughs on all the day and I hear the echo of his laughter all the night. But I know hownobly all has been arranged in this Garden, for my God's laughter is as the song of Para- dise in my ears, and its pale echo soothes me to sleep through the night. &amp;&amp; And as surely as this bounteous laughter pours down on me by day and flows awayfrom me by night, so will I find some way of giving thanks for it all: thanksgiving to thejoyous laughter. &amp;But to many ears this laughter of the Gods is like the shrieking of a storm, and thesepeople raise their eyebrows, grumble, and pray that it will pass. &amp; &amp;&amp; But will It pass? Will it not shriek in their ears until they be dead,... until they havelost the sense of hearing? JET&amp; Better would it be for these beings to value once more their most noble servants thesenses, and attempt to perceive by their means the full meaning of the voice and of theface of God. And when they have understood that they will see the full meaning of theKing. &amp; If I worship the sun 1 cannot listen to the talk which twaddles on about the tyrannyof kings. The sun is for me the greatest of tyrants; that, in fact, is part of my reason forloving the sun. &lt;0 All truth,... the truth of tyranny no less than the truth of slavery, is illumined by thesun. From the marble columns of Mount Carrara to the wrinkle on the face of my nurse,all is laid bare for me; nothing escapes the eye of God. He is a terrible God to those whowill not be burnt by him. From these he will " breed maggots &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; The Beautiful and the Terrible. Which is which will never be put into words. But I amfree to tell myself; and, let me but preserve the senses,... my eyes, my ears, my touch, andall shall be we 11,... all shall be far more beautiful than terrible. &amp; &amp;&amp; For not only do these servants of our Royalty help to idealise all things for us, butthey also help to fix a limit to our vanity. By their help 1 recognise my God as he riseslike the spirit of Imagination from the East and sails across the blue straits of Heaven.&amp; If I had lost the sense of sight I should be unable to see this glory, and, not seeing it,I shoul ddemand more miracles from it than Happiness may expect. I should look for thepractical daily miracle in vain. Whereas, seeing this daily glory, this Sun, I know that themiracle comes and goes, that the miracle is the passage of this symbol of the Divine, thisseeming motion of the Sun from east to west. &amp;And that seeming motion of this God is enough for man to know. Mystic voices seemto cry, " Seek to know no more "5 and we answer rebelliously, " I will be satisfied; denyme this and an eternal curse fall on ye " &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;" .... Show his eyes and grieve his heart,Come like shadows, so depart. "This seeking to know more,... this desire of the brain,... robs our senses of their vita- lity; our eyes are dim; we can no longer recognise the God before us, nor the King as hepasses along our way. Our ears are deaf; we cannot hear the song of Paradise, we fail topick up the chorus which follows in the wake of Royalty.Our touch is grown coarse. Thehem of the robes' brocade was once pleasant to our fingers' touch; to press upon the silkenglove with our lips was once a luxury. Now we have become the mob; ambition's aim,...noble consummation. Afraid to serve like noblemen we must slave like thieves,'having rob- bed ourselves of our greatest possession,... our fine senses. We are becoming veritable slaveschained together by circumstances, refusing daily to be released by our imagination,... thatonly power which achieves Freedom. &amp;&amp; But for me, I am a free man, by the grace of Royalty. Long live the King! &amp; Our Senses. The Sun-God. The desire idknow. &amp; &amp; (1) Whitman. Carlyle. Jt is meretorious to insist on forms. Religion and all else naturally clothes itself in forms....All substances clothe themselves in forms; but there are suitable true forms, and thenthere are untrue unsuitable. As the briefest definition one might say, Forms which GROWround a substance, if we rightly understand that, will correspond to the real Nature andpurport of it, will be true, good; forms which are consciously put round a substance, bad,I invite you to reflect 011 this. It distinguishes true from false in Ceremonial Form, earnest solemnity from empty pageant, in all human things. ELL'EN TERRY, FIRST FAIRY by Graham Robertson &amp; Could you curl up a little more?" said Miss Ellen Terry at a recent rehearsal to asmall elf swinging precariously in mid«air on a bending bough. " 1 used to come down curledup on a big leaf when 1 was a fairy."When she was a Fairy indeed! As if Miss Terry does not know better than mostpeople that once a Fairy, always a Fairy. And this brings us to the beginning of our story.&amp; Once upon a time there was a very ugly Age. Perhaps not quite as ugly as this: themotor bus and the aroplane were unknown, but on the other hand there were chignonsand large gold lockets and crochet antimaccassars and ornaments for your fire stove, andbricks were covered with stucco and doors were 'grained' in imitation of whatever woodthey did not happen to be.&amp; Now all this was very sad, and though of course Beauty was in the midst of it, as shealways is, looking charming in her full, plain skirts ahd her sloped away shoulders andher trim little bonnets, yet she did not like her surroundings, and at last she felt that shecould put up with them no longer. So she called at the nearest Fairy Ring and laid thewhole matter before the Folk in Green and asked for advice. £&gt; &amp;The Fairies, who are always ready to do Beauty a good turn, gave the subject theirfull consideration, and finally said that they would see about it and that it should be allright. Then they set to work. And they collected wildfire and May dew and thewhispering of leaves and the dancing of waters and the daffodils of dawn and the rosesof sunset, and they packed them up very carefully into a very neat and very small parceland they called the parcel Ellen Terry and sent it to an address in Coventry which nobodycan remember.... right into the great big ugly world. Then they waited results. £&gt;First of all nothing in particular happened. The little parcel of Fairy Goods adapteditself to the situation and pretended to be an ordinary baby; developing therefrom intoan ordinary little girl. So ordinary did she seem that her parents could think of nothingbetter for her to do than to go on to the stage and act plays to make people laugh orcry: a career which, I need hardly point out, any thoroughly good and 'properly broughtup' child would 5c0rn...... and quite rightly too, as she would be no manner of use in it.But then occurred a curious thing. Among the parts which the baby from Fairylandwas asked to play was a First Fairy.... the first of all Fairies.... Puck. It was a dangerousexperiment. The playing of Puck, Ellen Terry herself acknowledges, produced a markedeffect upon her chiid~mind: she became wild and wayward, impatient of restraint,a romp,as she expresses it; and when Puck in his turn gave place to the Good Fairy Goldenstar,whose robes were 'gold, pink and trailing' to the deep satisfaction of the wearer,... wellwe may consider ourselves lucky that Ellen Terry is still with us. It was the call of theblood, and the only wonder is that the Fairy Child, grown homesick, did not then andthere disappear up the chimney after the approved manner of changelings.&amp; Perhaps the soothing effect of becoming 'top angel* in Henry VIII may have saved thesituation: anyhow, Ellen Terry stayed. More parts were given to her, though as yet nomore Fairy parts, but the ordinary little girl began to feel her disguise more difficult tosustain, and was very nearly found out, qpon several occasions, to be a very extraordinarylittle girl indeed. &amp; At last at Bath, that lovely ghost of a long-ago city, where little Ellen Terry must haveloved to wander and to feel exquisitely old and sad (which is great fun so long as we areonly pretending)... came an important rise in social position, and the former Puck becameTitania, Queen of Faerie.A friend showed her how to make a real Fairy dress and how to damp it and wring itand shake it out "all crinkled and clinging"; and that night saw the first appearance of thereal Ellen Terry, the Fairy lady with the wonderful message of beauty from that CountryEast of the Sun and West of the Moon. But before she could deliver it properly she had to go away by herself and think. &amp;j? She knew pretty nearly all about the stage by this time, (Fairies ar© so quick-witted)and now she had to learn about the great world outside the theatre, to know the quietplaces of the earth and the many voices of silence. She had to find out all about washingdays and babies' underclothes and how to harness ponies and how very exclusive goatsare ; andshe had to wratch the dawn walking over the meadows in her trailing robes ofshimmering mist and the dance of merry mayflies in the sun. And, in these quiet yearsthat came to her, she gathered all these things and sorted them and wove them into awonderful coloured web of poetry and fantasy out of which she has taken dress-lengthsever since without exhausting the supply, although her gowns are very long and sweepingand must cut into a great deal of material. &amp; JZ? &amp;&amp; But one day, as she sat in her bower of quiet weaving her web, there rod© by... notexactly Lancelot.... but a friendly playwright and manager, and, as he passed, she ran tothe window and 'look'd down to Camelot'. So of course the spell was broken and she hadto go back to town which she found just as ugly as ever, and poor Beauty in its midstvery much depressed and fearing that the fairies had forgotten all about her.&amp; But then the charm began to work. &amp; &amp; As the coming of rain to a parched field, as the coming of Spring to the frost-boundwood, so was the coming of Ellen Terry to the mid-Victorian world. At her touch theantimaccassars melted from the chairs, the bead and woolwork roses faded from the tablesand in their stead sprang crocus and daffodil, the ornaments for your firestove were sweptup the chimney and seen no more. No one could contemplate Ellen Terry an eveningthrough and then go home and crochet or make paper roses. It could not be done. Thespell of the Fairy Lady lay upon the length and breadth of the land, and after her flockedthe poet and the painter: spring was in the air and the world of Art went a-maying.For the pretty little Miss, with a fan like a charming tea spoon, who had for so longqueened it at the studios, vanished with the wool flowers and the antimaccassars, and uponall the canvasses grew the shadow of that unpaintable face the strong chin, the firmmouth with its wonderful lines, so generous and yet so sensitive and tender, the strangepale eyes, wistful, questioning, ever with a hint of tears in their very brightness.... a uniqueface which has never been before and never will be again, the gladdest, saddest face in allthe w0r1d...,, and yet, a face which, had it belonged to some other, might have passedunnoticed; for Ellen Terry, among her many creations, created her own beauty. &amp;Perhaps no other face has produced such a marked effect upon the Art of it's time.The Fairy Lady was not 'classical'; she did not lend herself to 'genre'. So the painters,deserting the Academic and the Popular, removed in a body to Camelot or Lyonesse andthere sketched backgrounds in the forest of Broceliande wherein to enshrine the inevitablefigure. Guinevere and the Lady of Shalott completely cut out Miss Dolly Varden, and evenangels, hitherto regarded as rather dull persons, became quite sought after, having, ofcourse, conformed as far as possible to the new ideal. "Back to the Fairy Land" commandedEllen Terry, and back to Fairy Land we all trooped, and a very delightful time we had there.Let us call to mind scenes and characters which she has deliberately fairified.&amp; A space of sky and sea over which a great storm passes away in angry sunset fires; alonely figure high on a rock against the flaming west. The voice comes softly, wistfully...."What country, friend, is this?" "IHyria, lady" answers a seaman. But this Viola knewbetter. She knew that she was in her native land of Faerie, and she moved through thefantastic Twelfth Night Masque a dream maid in a dream country, unemphatic, uninsistant,with gentle hesitating gesture and with voice low-pitched, as fearing to break the spell ofit's own music. Radiant Portia, from head to foot pure gold; Beatrice, the star that danced; Cordelia, the old King's youngest daughter (straight out of One© upon a time;) Ellaline,weeping among the rushes for her lost heart; Guinevere, leading her frolic maidens throughthe hawthorn shaw; and /that Rosamund whom men call fair* winding her skein in herwoodland bower or standing in the twilight by the grey dial stone half speaking, halfchanting, the Song of the fading Rainbow..,, all these remain in our memory as pictures ofwonderful beauty seen in a strange, other=world light of magic and romance. As Imogen,'too, it must be recorded that the Fairy Lady for once forgot her mortal disguise andactually flew. As she read the false letter bidding her rejoin her husband at Milford Haven,she seemed to be caught up in a whirlwind of joy, the giddy terrible joy which needs mustturn quickly to sorrow or hearts would break. "O for a horse with wings!" she cried,springing forward with outstretched arms: the rest of the speech she gave in the air,hovering a while over the stage, then darting away with the swift rush of a swallow,leaving her audience amazed and breathless. &amp; What Ellen Terry has done with good parts we all know: what she has done with badparts some of us, perhaps, do not quite realise. 'Rosamund' in 'Becket' fairly puzzled theactress. "She is not a woman", she said, "She is nothing... she does not live." Thenpresumably, she tried to remember all she had heard elsewhere concerning Miss de Clifford."She was called faire Rosamund," she probably said. "Very well, she shall be fair." Andwith that she so clothed the part in beauty, so hung if about with loveliness that it wakedinto existence and held its own with the other strong characters of the play. &amp;it is a wonderful experience to see a great actress in a great part yet it is almostequally interesting to an enquiring mind to see her in a bad one. Thus everyone shouldmake a point of seeing Ellen Terry in the part which she is playing at present which isunquestionably the worst she has ever undertaken and altogether unworthy of her genius.But it is in a Fairy Play.same nostalgia which made 'Puck' restless and unmanageable, which filled the 'FairyGoldenstar' with pride of place... and costume.... has drawn the Fairy Lady into the FairyRing again. She could not keep out of it. She has no business in it.... and she knows it,....but there she is. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;As a discerning critic of about eight,seeing her for the first time, observed, "If she hadbeen Cinderella I should have liked her awfully, but she was just an Aunt!" Ellen Terry anAunt! Not even a Fairy Godmother.In justice to the author we must state that he was appalled when Miss Terry offeredcto take the part. "But... you'll have to be commonplace," he faltered. "I'll be commonplace,'said Miss Terry, "and uninteresting," Now let those who have seen Ellen Terry's enchanting'Aunt Imogen' bear witness how the poor man's confidence has been abused and how obviousit is that Fairy women are no more to be trusted than the usual kind. &amp; &amp;&amp; But the Wonderful Lady must not be blamed. She can no more divest herself of herrown of stars and her gossamer robes than a rose can become a radish. She is still the DreamsLady of a dreamless day, whispering her message of beauty to the world, scattering elfin gift,with both hands and, as yet, unjoined by any other Wanderer from the Other Side of the MoonShe is still Ellen Terry, First,... and, as far as we can see, Last.... Fairy. £?£&gt;£? Ail ugly Age, The Fairy Baby. " Puck ~ &amp; T it an i a &lt;£? The charm The Fairy T&lt;ady. 4&lt; Rosamuud " " Anut Imogen " (1) This was written in Jan: 1909 when Miss Terry was acting in "Pinkie and the Fairies." Ed SHAKESPEARE AS SCENOGRAPHER by Alexander Hevesi t is commonly accepted by art historians that the Shakespea- rian stage was a most primitive, almost symbolic, arrangement.&amp; It was more a podium than a stage, without any of theillusions which are possible in our modern up to date theatre.It could not produce any of the artistic revelations of the pain- ter nor any of the technical wonders of the electrician. In aword it was a very primitive stage. Celebrated historians andcritics of Shakespeare have explained the relation of this verybarren stage and the effect on the spectator of the time in thismanner: that the audiences of the Golden Era of the Elizabethandramatists were most naive and receptive and most willinglyrenounced the pleasantnesses of a strong illusion. The people of that time had more imagination than our great crowds of to»day and they willingly followedthe poet in what he had to say and what he had to suggest. £?Is there not a possibility that this universally accepted favourable opinion about theaudiences of that time is subject to a fundamental misunderstanding of the Shakespeariandrama ? Why should we rate the Shakespearian audiences higher than he did himself ? Isit not a fact that Shakespeare mocks at audiences in "Hamlet"? It is always the audiencewho in order to arrive at certain cheap effects spoils the actor and can never understandand appreciate the real poet. That an audience without the proper scenic environment,without decorations, entered into the imaginary pictures of the poet is not due to its naivityor to its receptiveness but to the peculiar, one may say unique, dramatic art which sincethen has been so imperfectly imitated and which is so perfectly revealed in Shakespeare'sdialogue.The mediaeval stage which had gradually developed to the time of the English Renaissanceand become part of it, became by virtue of its lack of magnificence and its primitivenessthe stage of unlimited possibilities. It does not remind us of the stage of the ItalianRenaissance which had for each division of dramatic art a fixed and set environment, triedto preserve the appearance of reality and was willing to court the clamours of the audience.Neither did the English stage resemble the stage of Corneille or Racine who allowed all theirtragic subjects to develop amid staid and abstract environments. The English stage couldcreate an entire world as soon as the poet appeared in whose soul slumbered a world for itself.But this stage expects every thing from the poet even down to the decorations; on thisstage there is no painter, no regisseur of stage or light; only the poet and the actor are leftto themselves here. The word is supreme and Shakespeare alone creates the decorationsand illuminates the play every night with magic quickness. Therein lies the secret andthe explanation why Shakespeare's dialogue gives such a wide scope to the purely poetic andpicturesque elements. As there had not yet been a stage of illusions, it was the task toarrive at illusions through purely poetic mediums. It was necessary for the poet to suggestto his audiences various kinds of decorations. A greater master of this art of suggestionhas never lived and there has been no theater director other than Shakespeare who disposedof a greater wealth of decorations. There are the fairy woods in "Midsummernight'sDream " with the cowslips in golden coats spotted with rubies, the bower of Titania ofwild roses and violets on a bank whereon the wild thyme blows. There is the prologue in"The Merchant of Venice"".... where your argosies with portly sails," Like signors and rich burghers of the flood,•' Or as it were, the pageants of the sea" Do overpeer the petty traffickers," That curt'sy to them, do them reverence,(i As they fly by them with their woven wings."There is in the fifth act the garden of Portia where to the lovemaking of Jessica andLorenzo, 44 The moon shines bright in such a night as this,44 When the sweet wind did gently kiss the trees,44 And they did make no noise...."&amp; There is the song of Autolicus in 44 The Winters Tale " with its rich colors: it is nothingmore than a bright sunny decoration of spring which the poet brings to our eyes by themelody of his magic words. There is the monastic garden of Friar Laurence in 44 Romeoand Juliet" in the brilliancy of the early morning light, the castle of Inverness with itsdeceptive swallows' nests, the dark cave of the witches, the terrace of Elsinore where theghost of Hamlet's father appears in full armour, the heath in storm where King Lear tearshis white hair, all these pictures of the stage receive life solely through the suggestivepower of the poetic diction. And how generous Shakespeare is with the light effectsconsidering that he has on his stage no apparatuses for this purpose at his disposal. Ineveryone of his plays the change of time is noted which means a change of light. &amp;&amp; Shakespeare is most resourceful in this and he does not miss an opportunity to bringout every shade and color in the way of lighting assisted by his diction. In the gardenscene of 44 The Merchant of Venice44 he simply announces (Lorenzo) 44the moon shinesbrightin 44 Midsummer night's Dream " diction is put into the service of the most up todate light effects and it is worth while to note in how many different ways Shakespeareplays about with the magic light of the moon. With each change of light a change ofdecoration takes place and the scenic pictures thus created are positively astounding inrichness of color showing visions of the greatest conception. &amp;&amp;It is here that the foundation of Shakespeare's dramatic art is to be found. Here is agreat poetic genius changing magically through the power of verbal expression a woodenstructure into a stage capable of any transformation and suggesting to his public scenicpictures of such diversity and with such intensity that centuries later the most ingeniouscontrivances of a modern stage structure, built for producing illusions, fail to give life toa Shakespearian drama without experiencing the disappointment that in spite of all themachinery it is not possible to realize the ideas of the poet. From the standpoint of themodern drama such a monopoly of the decorative and lyric element is a hindrance of thepurely dramatic in the dialogue. A differentiation has gradually taken place and it isinteresting to notice how the dramatic in the dialogue has gradually separated from alllyric and decorative side issues since the days of the Greek tragedians. The Greek tragedycould place nearly all the necessities of decoration on the stage: a wonderful architecture,the blue dome of the sky, evolutions of rythmic—decorative beauty and mechanical apparatusesof much ingenuity were at its disposal. The lyric part however was in the Greek tragedyas chorus a parallel counterpart to the dramatic dialogue and gradually declines in thecourse of development. In Shakespeare all the lyric and decorative 44 motifs" are woveninto the dialogue. Shakespeare's dialogue is both decorative, lyric and dramatic. Themodern drama however places everything decorative within the frame of the stage in formof separate explanations which accompany the dialogue. The lyric part as such loses itsindependence and is involved in the dramatic expression which creates atmosphere orStimmung and presupposes an art of acting consisting of silences and secretivenesswhich had been hitherto unknown or, at least, until quite modern times. &amp; The Shakespearian drama finds two kinds of obstacles in our modern theatre; the firstis to be found in the stage structure which is built to produce illusions and the second inthe differentiation of the art of acting. For both purposes the Shakespearian text is muchtoo broad, too profuse. The second difficulty is comparatively easily overcome. It meansthe cutting out of unnecessary words, the substitution of the word by mimic art whichwill always remain individual. Actors with rhetoric tendencies always depend on the fullvalue of the word while real mimic actors only look for the suggestions in order to preservethe independence of their art. &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; Much more difficult however is the question of the scenic environment. What shall bethe relation of a modern stage to the decorations created by Shakespeare in his dramatictext? if everyone of Shakespeare's words is also realised in picture-form on the stage, hissuggestive descriptions must act like pleonasms. Therefore the purely poetic suggestionwould cease to be necessary. The revolving stage with its realistic pictures and its drasticcuts is no solution. The lengths of the intermissions are reduced, but the disturbing part created by the change of scenes to the illusions is not altered. On the other hand isnot a return to the Shakespearian stage a rather hopeless task if one considers the majorityof the spectators? For after all a theatre is not a philological society. The public cannoteasily get away from deeply rooted ideas and prejudices and is only willing to acceptcertain possible illusions, possibilities which the Shakespearian stage cannot give. &amp;I believe the right thing to be done is what Shakespeare suggested himself, is poeticsuggestions shall be supported on a modern stage by painted scenic sugggestion. Not anillusion of reality, not scenes which are complicatedly built, but a harmonisation of hismelodies of speech in form and color. The suggestive shall predominate, for all pictureson the stage pretending to illusionise reality must necessarily fail in their effect or causea disillusionment. Shakespeare's dramas are poetic creations and must be presented andtreated as such. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; The MediaevalStage. £? &amp; The I&lt;ighteffects. &amp; Shakespeare'sSeciet. &amp; &amp; &amp; The Gieektragedy. Two ohsta- e 1 e s. &amp; PELLEAS AND MELISANDE by Torsten Soderjhelm. With a Biographicalnote by Gunnar Castren Euterpe 1905. tribute of acknowledgement was paid by The Mask in itsfirst number to the memory of Torsten Soderhjelm, theyoung Finnish philologist and critic, who died at Florenceon the ioth of January, 1908, aged twenty-eight. &amp;From a selection of his literary works issued after hisdeath by his friends, we give here, in a translation, thefollowing essay.He was a scientist, and, both as a Romanic philologist anda writer on the histGry of literature, he exhibited hisdistinguished talent. But his greatest interest was inconnection with the stage. Within the circle to which hebelonged in his country his energy and zeal had been such a stimulus as to result in the publication of a periodical to which he undertook to act as theatricalcritic. The task seems hardly a tempting one in a country where the stage is so deficientin talent and in literary masterpieces as in Finland. But his love of the task he had sethimself gave him the courage to devote, in spite of all, his strength and energy to this work.Undauntedly did he enter on the fight for his ideals, which ideals not infrequently clashedwith the taste of the public, so that it was very often his lot to combat in "the thick of thefray." But now, a few years later, it seems evident that the victory was his.But his studies of the stage were not confined only to that which his native land hadto offer. He had gathered impressions from the other stages of the Continent and developed,on the basis of these, an independent opinion of his own.He saw that the stage, at the present day, is passing through a crisis; that the incompati- ble elements contained in it are fighting one with another, and that the only way of escapefrom this state of things lies in a thorough revolution. Through his own reflections andhis own experiences he had arrived at this conclusion, the nucleous of which correspondswith the ideas which The Mask has been founded to support. One of his best articles was,in fact, an essay on Gordon Craig. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;He was not, however, allowed to follow up, to the end, the schemes he had made, norfully to develop his ideas of a future ideal stage. While in the midst of his life's work,while feeling the exultant joy of creative power, he was interrupted by Death. But in thefragments of his work left to us we discern his clear, incisive thoughts, his thoroughstudies and his great and intense love of Art and Beauty. The mysterious chant of the Infinite, the ominous silence of the soul and of God, the mur- " mur of Eternity on the horizon, the destiny or fatality that we are conscious of within44 us, though by what tokens none can te11.... do not all these underlie King Lear, Macbeth,44 Hamlet? And would it not be possible, by some Interchanging of the roles, to bring them44 nearer to us, and send the actors further off? " &amp;&amp; These words are taken from an essay 44 The Tragical in Daily Life " in Maeterlinck's44 The Treasure of the Humble ",... that book of youth, with its overflowing stream ofwords, soft and dimly shimmering, like pearls in sunlight; that book which lingers in ourmemory like a hymn to stillness, to the beauty of the unseen world and to the music of silence.It gives us a hint as to whither the poet wished to feel his way,... to a new form of expres- sion for the beauty of tragedy: it gives a faint hint of the theory that is united with hisincomparable poetry in 44 The Princesse Maleine ", in 44 The Death of Tintagiles ", and in44 Pelleas and Melisande&amp; Further on in the same essay we read: 44 It is not in the actions but in the words that44 are found the beauty and greatness of tragedies that are truly beautiful and great; and44 this not solely in the words that accompany and explain the action, for there must per- -44 force be another dialogue besides the one which is superficially necessary. And indeed44 the only words that count in a play are those that at first seemed useless, for it is therein44 that the essence lies.... and it is just those words that are spoken by the side of the ri- -44 gid, apparent truth, that constitute the mysterious beauty of the most beautiful trage- -44 dies.... What I say often counts for so little; but my presence, the attitude of my soul,4* my future and my past, that which will take birth in me and that which is dead, a se- -44 cret thought, the stars that approve, my destiny, the thousands of mysteries which sur- -44 round me and float about yourself.... all this it is that speaks to you at that tragic mo- -44 ment, all this it is that brings me your answer. " &amp; 1 have quoted these words in order to indicate, without an explanatory introduction,the visual angle at which a drama by Maeterlinck should be seen, a point of view, wemust remember that must not be abandoned in judging a performance on the stage. &amp;&amp; Far be it from me to depreciate the many merits of the performance of 44 Pelleas andMelisande. " The decorations are in part beautiful and true to nature;... I remember espe- cially the starlit sea: the acting is, in many scenes, fine, strong and expressive: the care- ful director has not forgotten any detail of that of which we are usually thinking: themusic is a great addition; the translation does not spoil the work: but nevertheless, thepiece we see at the Swedish theatre is something different from the 44 Pelldas and Meli- sande " we read with glowing devotion, different from the tale of the inseparable fate oflove and death, from the fates of Isolde and Tristan, of Francesca and Paolo. &amp;&amp; No one is to blame; the fault lies deeper, it follows as a matter of course. It is unavoi- dable. The Art of the Theatre,... (I do not mean the Art of Acting) has no means by whichit can attain the highest artistic finish; the further it tries to lead illusion towards per- fection the more strongly such an experiment often revenges itself on the imagination,which refuses to follow the delineated way. The result is that everything breaks down. &amp;&amp; This result, of course, is individual. The imagination of a primitive nature is the easiestto lead. The public of 44 Quo Vadis '% of the superficial 44 novel extract ", roars with de- light before the burning of Rome. But evolution is in process, and perhaps the day is notfar distant when the usual opera performances with all their decorations will be lookedupon with disdain by the artists as well as by the public. Even at the premiere of 44 Pelleas " I felt that the many different and successful effortsdid not together make a beautiful whole. Another visit to the theatre only strengthenedthe same impression. There was something wanting. The art that was presented to uswas art of illustration;... the text was wanting. The text, the words, understoodas the poet himself meant them to be understood,... as the language of souls to eachother and the whispers of eternal waking powers in their hearts, of all that we per- ceived nothing. But, as 1 said, 1 do not think it is possible to perceive anything of ifotherwise than by reading the book in silence and solitude* putting it aside when the unwritten text becomes too overpowering and taking it up again in order to find a foot- hold and a basis for our imagination.The legend itself, the story in the drama, the motif of Malatesta and of Veljensurmaajawas,... intentionally, I believe... drawn into the foreground, and the effect was exactly thecontrary of what was intended by the author, who wished the concrete actors to recedeas much as possible and give place to the abstract sentiment.&amp; 1 hope you will understand me. A utopianism remains always a utopianism, but wherethere are possibilities of approaching the borders of the Utopian spheres they ought not tobe overlooked. Besides, it would be impossible to exclude the action from such a piece;but so far it was not even my intention to go, &amp; &lt;£?I take the liberty of indicating some points in which I think another conception, some- what different from what was represented in the theatre, would have brought the per- formance on the stage into a truer harmony with the intentions of the author. sZ?&amp; 1 have already pointed out that the material part of the drama has been too much em- phasized. That has been done, for instance, by omitting a great many tableaux. Such pro- ceedings are arbitrary, even if tf\ey are, to a certain extent, systematic. One person mayconsider something quite superfluous in which another finds his greatest joy; Certain it isthat Maeterlinck has put something of importance, for instance, into the second scene;into that scene between Pelleas and Melisande at the entrance of the cave, where Meli- sande relates that she has lost the ring. This scene takes us in a natural manner and atthe right time to the underground world of death and annihilation, upon which the castle,the whole drama, rests. jg? &amp;&gt;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; Many other scenes,... those which give the keenest expression to the mysticism of sen- timent,... were omitted at the theatre. I will only mention the first tableau of the fifth Act,performed by the servant maids, where the silent children afford so typical an instance ofa characteristic of Maeterlinck that it hardly ought to have been omitted. That scene isalso, for the same reason, important as preparation for the appearance of the children inthe last Act. &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&lt;&amp;&lt;&amp;'&amp;&amp;&amp; I mentioned the servant maids, " les servantes "... Their appearance in the first and inthe last Act certainly did not give the right impression of their character. In the firstscene there was far too little style, the whole was too light and too trifling. It ought tobe a prolonged prologue that opens the gates of fate,... the same gates that close with aclang in the fourth Act, when the fate of Pelleas and Melisande is to be sealed. The spiritof the Greek tragedy of fate lies in this brief scene, and the servant maids,... the chorus....are much more closely related to Aeschylus than to the novices in an operatic nunnery,whom here they much resemble. I had pictured to myself a procession of stern goddessesof fate, advancing out of the darkness with water pails on high carrying-poles, a scene withmore perspective and with larger outlines, something quite different from these officiousscrubbing women with ear-piercing sopranos. And in the last Act it is in the sudden andabsolutely simultaneous kneeling that the moment is fixed when the Parces cut the vitalthread of Melisande. £? &amp;There are some scenes in which the secret language, about which Maeterlinck speaks,ought to be heard especially clearly, and which therefore ought to have been studied morecarefully. In the scene by the sea, (I. 4) where the decorations and the music were at theiibest, there was no soul. I do not know what was the reason, but the words had not theright ring, the meaning in each of them did not appeal to us beautifully enough. Weexpected to hear the sentences ring slowly and clearly, one by one, with a soft echo, likethe falling of rain-drops, from the willow-tree on the shore, upon the calm surface of thewater; more and more slowly, more and full of foreboding, until they cease altogether:...only then could we have understood the mother's question, 44 Have you nothing more to say to each other? " His chief inte- rest. £/ His studies. 44 The Treasureof the Humble" The visualangle, Some omissions. The servantmaids, &amp; The secretlanguage. Design No 2. An antique theatre showing the scenery and costumes as used in Venice in the fifteenth centuryDesign No 1. shows a ruder wood engraving of the same scene. THE NEW THEATRE IN POLAND:STANISLAW WYSPIANSKI by L. de Schildenfeld Schiller, with anIntroductory Biographical Note by the Editor. §tanis!as Wyspianski, that gifted poet, painter and artist of the Polish Theatre of whosework the following essay treats, was born in May 1869 in the ancient royal capital, inCracow, in that part of Poland which is now under the Austrian government. &amp;A pupil of John Matejko, (1838*1893) the creator and master of Polish historical painting,he became inspired by that painter's missionary and national idea of art, and took the samemission upon himself. Five years study in Paris revealed in him a rare poetical-plastic ta- lent, which on his return home declared itself with elemental strength in his painting andin his poetical and theatrical works. As a painter he pointed out new roads for Polish paint*ing, as well in landscape as in composition. His pictures awakened admiration at the Vien- nese exhibition " Secession ". The desire of transforming all the phenomena of life intophenomena of beauty and might developed in him a love for monumental and decorativeart. He gave triumphant expression to this instinct in his architectural plan for the recon- struction of the royal burg or Wawel, for that is what they call the hill rising above Cracowon which stand 44 The church, castle and mound in the marvellous polychromics inthe Franciscan church in Cracow; in the stained windows composed for the cathedrals ofCracow, (44 St Stanislas 44 Casimir the Great " and "Henry the Pious ") and Lemberg,(" Polonia " and 44 King John Casimir's Vow "); in the entire arrangement of " The Houseof Doctors " in Cracow; in the ornamentation of his own home and those of his friends,and in the original decoration of one of the halls in the Palace of Fine Art in Cracow.&amp; Taking a lively interest in the popular ceremonies, he invented for their actors newcostumes and emblems. His decorative talent distinguished itself also in 44 typographicalcompositions," as one may call the editions of his works for which he himself designed thecover, frontispiece, illustrations and vignettes and chose the type; as likewise in the illu- strations for the fragments of the 44 Iliad " paraphrased by J. Stowacki. In such workWyspianski had already had experience in connection with 44 Zicie ", the organ of 44 YoungPoland ", of which publication he was, together with Stanislas Przybyszewski, art editor.Wyspianski's poetical work consists of philosophical rhapsodies, and has its source, as haveall his productions, in his love, pure as crystal, for his country. 44 Boleslas the Bold ";44 Piast ", 44 St Stanislas ", (posthumous fragment). &amp; &amp;&amp; The atmosphere, however, in which his genius found its fullest development was in thetheatre. Although in all his work, in his landscapes, compositions, in stained windows,in the illustrations for the 44 Iliad ", in his manner of arranging interiors as also in hispoetry are concealed certain theatrical elements, yet it was only on the stage, in drama,that these found the most favourable ground for their evolution. To the theatre, therefore,Wyspianski dedicated the greater part of his work. He wrote dramas; 44 Daniel ~ (a librettofor a musical drama); 44 The Legend ", 44 Meleager 44 Protesilaus and Laodamia 44 TheLegion 44 The Curse 44 Varsovienne ", 44 The Wedding 44 Boleslas the Bold 44 Deli- vrance 44 Achilles 44 Acropolis ", 44 The November Night ", 44 The Rock ", (Skalka) 44 The Return of Odysseus ", 44 The Judges ",44 The Death of Ophelia ",44 King Sigismond August "»44 Julius II ",44 King John Cassimir's Vow "; he paraphrased and staged for the Polish theatreCorneille's 44 Le Cid ", he staged Mickiewiez's 44 The Feast of the Dead " and wrote a studyon Shakespeare's 44 Hamlet " under the title 44 The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince ofDenmark by William Shakespeare, read and deliberated upon anew by St Wyspianski ," inwhich he set forth his philosophy of the theatre and the secrets of his dramaturgy. &amp;As poet he was heir to the lute of that national poetry possessed by the Polish Roman- ticism embodied in the trio of bards, Mickiewicz, Slowacki and Krasinski: that lute whichlater was so masterfully held by Cyprian Norwid. As painter he is akin, (though only inidea) to Gustave Moreau and Puvis de Chavannes. As dramatist, taking the Greek Theatreas an ideal model, he may only be compared to Wagner, and, in the history of contemporarydramaturgy, we may place his name by those of Maeterlinck and Hofmannsthal. Lastly, asartist of the theatre, (and his dramas, of which almost every one presents a fresh problemin theatrical form and original scenic experiments, give him the right to this title), Wyspianskibelongs to those few, very few good Spirits of the Theatre who desire its Delivrance. &amp; He died November 28th, 1907. He lies in the 44 Tomb of the Meretorious " in the Churchon his beloved 44 Rock " whose legend he dramatised in his poems, stained windows anddrama. His native town buried him at its own cost, bidding farewell to this departing Soulas in glorious times they bade farewell to the remains of hetmen, burning funeral torchesand ringing all the bells, but, according to his own desire, without pronouncing any orationover his grave. &lt;£? &amp; &amp; &lt;£/ &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; J£&gt; His master. &amp; His theatricalwork. &amp; &amp; JZ? Poet, Painterand Dramatist. THE NEW THEATRE IN POLAND Stanislaw Wyspianski. Portrait of himself Two Designs for aStage Scene for "TheLegend' by StanislawWyspianski. Reproduced by permission of ArchitectW. Ekielski, joint author of the 'Acropolis.' rJPoday, the new Soul of Humanity " writes E. Schure, 44 whose shivers have passed over us44 raising our heads, calls for cradles, arenas and temples; cradles, for childhood to grow44 therein; arenas that youth may wrestle; temples that genius may take shelter and speak44 to the people. " &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Our epoch is the feast of the Resurrection of Princess Psyche, awakened from lethargicalsleep by the kiss of the spousal lips of love. The Awakened Soul who is already hasteningto step out at the head of the pilgrim multitudes carrying an oil lamp in her hands, totake up with us the tedious work, demands of us new hospices from which she might takefire for her lamp for her further wanderings; demands of us a palace in which she mightcelebrate her joyful nuptial with Eros, demands of us homage in the form of cult, the ar»tistic act of our will, in which our talent might disburden itself, which would be the fulland complete expression of our joy.&amp; Now the most suitable sanctuary for the Soul of today will be the Theatre. &lt;£?&amp; This theatre which was yesterday, at its best, but 44 le divertissement le plus doux denos princes, les delices du peuple et le plaisir des grands." (i) or gave, dissected with ana- tomical precision, 44 tranches de vie ", may become today similar to the Greek theatre, towhich approached the roar of the sea, over which flew the 44Cranes of Ibicus" in menacingflight, the Church of the Joy of Life. In the first phase of its Renaissance it will still be44 Ecclesia Militans ", for its task will be to make known to the social instinct of delight,deep-rooted in the indignation of the wronged man of today, its noblest meaning, and topoint out the true path to the natural impulse for the enjoyment of life. In the next phasesof its evolution the theatre, in concert with the other arts, will create more and more per- fect forms of delight (for every art is consecrated to delight and there exists no sublimerand more serious task than that of rendering people happy (2)), until at last on the day ofDelivrance of the Human Soul from promethean fetters, when our energy will express itself solely in the direction of Beauty, will arise the new theatre, " Ecclesia triumphans ", inwhich "some day, as artists, we will unite for the aggregate, free co-operation, and aboveall for the matter of art itself, and not for any secondary aim of profit"; the new theatreon whose thymele will kindle the fire in honour of " Jesus, who suffered for humanity,and Apollo who raised it to a dignity full of joy" (i) "a new theatre, of calm and beautywithout tears " (2). Of such a theatre Wagner was thinking when, having brought his Bayreuth temple tocompletion, he wrote to Feustl: "We are giving by this building only the outline of ouridea and we are leaving it to the nation to accomplish, so that it make of it a monumentalEdifice." &amp;Such a Temple of the Soul is the Theatre of Wyspianski. The theafre of Wyspianski isa church militant; under its gothic vaulting sounds the prophetic voice of the high priest,now with a sombre menace and now with a joyful announcement; before the tabernacleburns the everlasting lamp of Love, pointing out the road in the gloom to those who hungerand thirst for the Power-giving communion. The militant character is to be distinguishedhere more clearly than in the Wagnerian theatre; for while Wagner sang to a free nationa song comforting and inebriating like wine, the Polish bard, standing before a martyr-people,which, in the history of fights for liberty played many times towards European nations the partof the Cyrenean; which, under the yoke of the cross of bondage began to bend with theChristly groan on its livid lips, " Eli, Eli, lamma sabacthani"; standing before this peoplethe Polish bard draws from his lute the rhythms of Jeremias, of Tyrtacus and of St John.The theatre of Wyspianski is a temple, in which the people pronounces judgment onitself, in which it seeks its own Truth, in which it beholds in the magic mirror of the poetthe countenance of the Soul. The theatre of Wyspianski is purely national. It is, as it were,the corner-stone placed under the Edifice of the Future of which Mieckiewicz dreamed. (3)For Wyspianski's drama combines in itself all the elements of national art, passes throughthe whole range of poetry from lay to epopee; on the pattern of the mysteries of the reli- gious theatre unites the supernatural world with the earthly stage; touches all the problemsaffecting the nation, and, as the Master exacted, concludes with a great prophecy. &amp;&amp; His drama gets its substance from the heroic deeds of the Nation, and for form dips intonative popular art. By the touch of the magic wand of Wyspianski's talent legend is min- gled with history in a logical whole. Old theatrical manequins, gifted with the immortalsoul of national demi-gods, clothed in new garments, having received as background fortheir gestures new scenery, become for us new themes of thought. &amp;&amp; The Theatre of Wyspianski is the Tribunal of the national Conscience. The poet playsin it the role of Inquisitor. The actors, " those people of rare talent, of real utility, themost eloquent preachers of honesty and virtues, the scourges of drollery and vice, whomthe genius uses as a birch to chastise the wicked and the mad ", (4) the actors, who are" the abstract and brief chronicles of the time " become in his hands instruments of tor- ture by which the conscience of the delinquent will be taken and will betray itself. All thespectacles which take place here, with only a few exceptions, might form a dramatic cycleunder the title in " Hamlet ", " The Mouse -trap ". Wyspianski, whose mission as natio- nal poet is akin to that with which the ghost of the murdered king charged the unfortunatePrince of Denmark, in his mind's eye sees continually the Ghost of his Nation, hears un- ceasingly its call to the Deed of Vengeance, and reasons like Hamlet: " About, my brain!1 have heard that guilty creatures sitting at a play have by the very cunning of the scenebeen struck so to the soul that presently they have proclaimed their malefactions. " for" murder, though it have no tongue, will speak with most miraculous organ. " And, likeHamlet, Wyspianski resolves with the help of the actors, " persons acting on the stage onthe road through the Labyrinth called the Theatre ", (5) to surround the consciences ofthe spectators, discover the fault, and point out the guilty ones in the theatre, " whoseend, both at the first and now, was and is to hold as t'were the mirror up to nature; toshow virtue her own feature, scorn her own image, and the very age and body of the time his form and pressure ", in the missionary theatre, which was to point out the Way, revealthe Truth and give Life, &amp; &lt;&lt;&amp;&amp;&amp;?&amp;?&lt;£?&amp; It was not given to Wyspianski, as it was to Wagner, to live and create in his owntheatre. The ground of his action was exclusively the tiny Cracow theatre on whose frontglitters the inscription: " Cracow, to National Art ". But nevertheless, stepping on to itsboards, he, like Prospero, knew how to rule over it, and his work as an artist of the thea- tre will remain as a guide-post for the future. &lt;£?Wyspianski delineated his ideal programme in " Harrsiet, read and deliberated upon anewby himself ". This essay, written by a ripe and experienced artist, is Ariadne's thread inthe true Labyrinth as in the theatre of Wyspianski; it explains his connection with thenational stage and with the actors, it discloses the secret of his theatrical tecnique, andgives likewise a conception of that theatre for which he yearned. &amp;Thoroughly sifting the problem of Hamlet according to &lt;4 what there is in Poland forthought", he considers the problem of the production of Shakespeare 44 and of thatShakespeare who wrote Hamlet " and sketches its picture, supporting himself on some histo- rical data, (to which, however, he attached no importance), and principally on the basis ofthe ideas expressed in 44 Hamlet " which testify to its author as an ideal dramaturge, stage- manager and pedagogue of the theatre. Wyspianski dreams of that theatre 44 whose end is tohold the mirror up to nature " and at whose head stands Shakespeare,... Prospero 44 whosecharm is nothing else but intelligence ", making servants of enemies, and humbling by itssupremacy.... the true gift for divining people ",... the talent of people like Holbein, forinstance, which knows how to 44 read in the countenance of living people and to writ# it ina picture ". &amp; &lt;6?He dreams of that theatre which, under the government of such an Intelligence, "becomesa judgment hall where art, drama, artism, judge, and take also such a note,. .. that as. ona fishing-rod they bring conscience to the surface"; he'dreams of such an intelligent judg- ment 44 inquiring into the conscience of the amphitheatre which," however well it may maskitself, nevertheless 44wil! stammer out the truth at last wearied by the watchfulness of in- telligence For Wyspianski the ideal is that Shakespeare who 44 lived in the theatre andfor the theatre, gave to that theatre his artism and talent"; who, being in continual con- tact with the stage and actors, looked from near on those 44 LIVING HEROES " and, "that44 life which they had off the stage, but which on the stage they lacked, he wanted on the44 stage to give them. And that sincerity of movement which they had not on the stage and44 had off the stage, he wanted on the stage to give them. And that course of conversation,44 natural and supple, fluent and spontaneous since enclosed in rhyme by no one awkward,44 but flowing of the free will, which they had not on the stage and which they had off the64 stage, he wanted on the stage to give them. " &amp; &amp;&lt;6? He sets himself as an example the Shakespearean method of creating, consisting of col- laboration with the actors, 44 How did Shakespeare write ? " Wyspianski asks himself. 44A1»44 most all the so-called "Shakespearean" dramas were played before Shakespeare. And they44 were bad, miserable plays. And perhaps not everything was bad and miserable in them.44 First of all their substance was beautiful and tragic; and Shakespeare altered them all44 in turn, reconstructed them, completed them, .. and at last wrote; the later he did so the44 more completely changing the former, to him tiresome, text, and giving more and more44 frequently new works. He altered them, rendered their performance possible. Spen- -44 ding years at this, he altered more and more clearly and thoroughly, better and better44 and more and more independently and through his incessant theatrical practise had con- -44 tinual control over the stage and means of verifying his plays and possibilities of inter- -44 polating fresh corrections and improvements from day to day. The theatrical manuscript44 from which they played, at the outset minute and homely and embracing solely the fable,44 grew, grew with the increase of episodical scenes, augmented in figures in proportion to4i the capable actors, augmented in circuit in proportion as a prominent actor-talent was44 discovered which might play this or that scene well. Shakespeare was of himself concise44 and must have had a real reason in an actor of unusual capability when he allowed some44 of his personages to talk too much on the stage. " &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;In this manner 44 he- created the work of which nothing more need be said, which onits appearance loosens all tongues.44 For a WORK overcomes the want of talent in everyone who is not the creator of that work. "Shakespeare lived In the theatre and lived amongmen into whose minds he penetrated thanks to his Intelligence. &amp;"Very wrong would be the opinion that Shakespeare, in writing his dramas, thought of"the stage, of the boards, of the platform and such like. Nothing of the sort and never."Shakespeare wrote and thought having at hand, at his disposition, a theatre obedient to"his orders and an obedient stage, boards, platform and such like; wrote and thought out"his works following the substance and the logic and the ground of the real occurrences"of the drama. For Shakespeare thought of what he had to write and had to write of"what he thought. But at the same time, while writing and thinking out the destiny of"any of his dramatic figures, he knew that such a part would be played by such and suchan actor. And if even it sometimes happened that with this or that actor he spoke of"some part, they always spoke of this or that personage so as to divine it,..if independent,„and not of whether to tack or sew on to some part this or that something which came"into somebody's head". For in writing a drama Shakespeare had "always reality in his"thoughts, reality in his imagination, and the men of his drama lived in his imagination"on real ground It was only the TRAGEDY which concerned both actor and author, it"was the drama, the destiny of men. THE DESTINY OF MEN and of those men of whom"the tragedy spoke. These men were either born of legends and tales, or of the remini- scences of artists. They become living and had their own will. Their will was everything."The stage served to show them. The stage is for that end". &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; And now let us see how far Wyspianski in his theatrical work keeps to the abovesystem, and what value it presents to him. &amp;Wyspianski, in allotting to the theatre the principal role in the History of NationalCulture, feels that its Renaissance will be accomplished by the change of the interior con- ditions reigning in the institution, which was not yet become conscious of its social taskand is at present either an establishment for diversion or a lucrutive enterprise; he feelsthat the principal factors in this metamorphosis will be harmony between the creator of atheatrical work and its performers, between the poet and the actor, and, fully aware of thedifficulties which stand in the way of the attainment of such a harmony, supposes thatthe simplest road leading to the end is the common work of author and actor, taken upin a common interest, with a common ideal. On his way he meets with "the best actorsin the world, either "for tragedy, comedy, history, pastoral, pastoral-comical, historical- "pastoral, tragical-historical, tragical-comical-historical-pastoral", for whom, "Seneca cannot"be too heavy, nor Plautus too light"; he meets actors who "but in a fiction, in a dream"of passion could free their souls so to their own conceit that from her working all theirvisages wan", tears flow from their eyes, " and all for nothing! For Hecuba! What'sHecuba to them or they to Hecuba, that they should weep for her? " &amp; &amp;To these actors he is to entrust the fruit of promethean labours, the WORK OF HISINTELLIGENCE which would " overcome the want of talent in everyone who is not thecreator of that work. " And he asks himself what these people would have done " had theythe motive and the cue for passion that he has? " In this case " they would drown thestage with tears and cleave the general ear with horrid speech, make sad the guilty andappal the free, confound the ignorant ". He wishes to teach them how one can " in thevery torrent, tempest and whirlwind of passion acquire and beget a temperance that maygive it a smoothness " so as " not to tear a passion to tatters ", not to make of it " veryrags " solely with the aim of " splitting the ears of the groundlings, who for the mostpart are capable of nothing but inexplicable dumb shows and noise ". He wishes, havingassumed the management of them like Hamlet, like Shakespeare, to elevate their professionto the dignity of judge of the Human Conscience; for " these are not clowns, though, whilethrowing in their faces the nickname of clown they are covered with applause ", but men;men who are called for this,... that putting on a mask and simulation they may speak thecommandment of everlasting truth. " (i) &amp; &amp;This work Wyspianski was to accomplish in the poor little Cracow theatre, in thatBethlehem-Ephratah of Polish art, living amongst " his " actors and creating in theirfriendly circle. Only a part of this work does he succeed in accomplishing. &amp; Working far from the theatre he often frequents the parts behind the scenes and theartists' dressing rooms. He wanders about Macbeth's castle at Inverness, kisses LadyMacbeth's hand with respect and 44 no one is capable of persuading him that it was notLady Macbeth, but Modjewska He is in company in 44 one room with Duncan, Macduff,and Donalbain; and their royal highnesses conversing with him in a very friendly manner,read from some cards and pronounce in a low voice rhythmical words; " To any one elseit would have seemed perhaps that they were repeating their parts. Wyspianski sees, how- ever,44 LIVING HEROES " who 44 spoke of their hard lot, of their lot heavy and wearisome,for a moment, before that moment when they had to play out their Lot. " He visits Macbethand beholds 44 how with each moment he grows into a king and gains by blood what hehad once desired " and meditates together with him on his fortunes. 44 The doctor, thatdoctor of mad Lady Macbeth, he knew very well, and talked with him of Lady Macbeth, ofher singular behaviour, weighing each of her movements and gestures. " 44 Perhaps someone will wish to talk me into believing " says he in his 44 Hamlet " from which I quote thesefacts, 44 that we are speaking of Modjewska's rare talent. No. we are talking of the strangemadness of Lady Macbeth ". At another time when they are playing 44 Hamlet " Wyspianskigazes from behind the scenes on the King's Ghost, wandering in the light of the reflectorson the terrace of or goes into the dressing-room where 44 he finds, chatting gaily,Mr Rosencrantz and " Mr Guildenstern, lying on the sofa, waiting till it fall to their turnto show themselves at the royal castle of Elsinore ". He likes to look on at the characte- rising (making up ) of the actors, for 44 there was and is nothing ridiculous to see in this44 transformation as slowly and carefully it takes place, until at last you have a different44 man before you from the one who was here a moment ago, a man who thinks and feels44 differently since that moment of metamorphosis;.•• that is worth something more than the44 impression that may be obtained elsewhere of the theatre, or that may be accepted jocu- -44 larly in saying that actor-artists are ridiculous behind the scenes. Ridiculous? It is untrue.They have only to depict, and do depict in the piece they are playing, human vices and44 human servitude, awkwardness of thought and infirmity; they put on masks, costume44 and a living destiny, and your consciousness judges them. " &amp; Writing his libretti outside the theatre he either constructs them in such away thatthe actor may read from them as from the most accurate scenario, or endows them withindications in verse form, suggesting to the imagination of the reader, (and of the actor)faithful and accurate pictures of the world and men 44 of which the Tragedy speaks ". Thetext of his dramas he changes and corrects on the stage; he willingly deliberates with con- fidential actors on the Deeds of the tragic personages they have to play: he sketches thescenery which, in the frame of that theatre, would point out symbolically the ground of realevents. He creates the models of the figures which the actors have to represent, he designsthe costumes and properties. The actors reproducing the destiny of his heroes interest himto such a degree that he immortalises their theatrical personages in portraits. Last of all,so far as lies in his power, he himself directs the rehearsals and teaches a new style ofplaying. *;;»4? But it would be very wrong to think that Wyspianski in writing his dramas thoughtexclusively of the small stage of the Cracow theatre. He knew all too well that a theatrecarrying on a financial speculation did a great deal on its part in extending hospitality tohardly a third of his dramas, the reproduction of which always involved fresh expenses andexacted an immense outlay of work. He knew this, and never made a compromise with thisstate of affairs. He created the greater part of his dramas with the thought of anothertheatre, well known to his imagination: with the thought of other actors with whom heassociated in his dreams. In writing them he applied to them the Shakespearean method,as likewise to the dramas he destined for the contemporary stage. One must understandhowever that when he began his artistic process he was different from what he was whenhe terminated it: that he was forming himself in the course of each such play ". (i)&amp; He wrote these dramas for his own Ideal Stage, controlling their effect on the boardsof this stage, reckoning with the demands of an ideal amphitheatre. Hence the differencesbetween the 44 editio princeps " of an unplayed drama and its following editions; hence thealterations, corrections and improvements. &amp; &amp; &amp; Stricken with a terrible disease, Wyspianski confined himself to his own house, whichhe constructed with the thought of the tomb, and henceforth created almost exclusivelyfor that ideal theatre. "My theatre, I see it, immense writes he in a letter to a friend,spaces great and airy.... filled with men and shadows;... at their play lam present.... Inthunder and gale they rage and are Quenched in thunder and gale j fainting and Quieter44 in the gloom, hardly, hardly can they be seen: again they rise; they return, immense," gigantic, living, sentient. They play the tragedy, the soul's vision under the theatre'stragic vault.... sacred fires in tripods flame, drones the shepherd's flute. I listen, listen" and look. I recognise faces to me well known, they are not here,... I think and dream...." I see them in the theatre of my soul. &amp;&amp; How highly Wyspianski valued the theatre, how important a mission in the spirituallife of the nation he confided to it, is witnessed to by the fact that in his drama, of whichhe could, like Slowacki of his 44 Genesis from the Soul " speak as 44 of the writing themost important of all he had ever written in the drama in which the Master tears asun- der the breast of the nation with Jupiter's thunderbolt, to raise the Soul slumbering inits depths on his eagle wings into the iridescent sphere of his thoughts, in this dramawritten in blood, he unites the Destiny of Poland with the destiny of the 44 New Theatre „.&amp; And here again, as always, he takes Shakespeare as an example, 44 and that Shakespearewho wrote Hamlet „. In the example of Shakespeare Wyspianski wishes to summarize inone drama his connection with the world and manifest new ethics and aesthetics of thetheatre. And as to Shakespeare so to him the idea comes 44 to introduce the theatre intothe theatre actors who would play the 44 murder of Gonzago in presence of actors whowould be the authors of similar crimes ". The idea comes to him of showing that old theatrewith all its qualities and bad habits pseudo-artistic, but which have already passed intocommonplace; the types of the old theatre, the black characters, the kings and queens,with tragical pathos, historical-pathetical-comical lyrism in which people still believe and aretouched by to tears.... and which is only a false fire,... a pretence! " &amp;&amp; To these 44 best in the world " histrions of the old theatre he wishes 44 to show how theywould look with their artificial and inflated pathos, in presence of the personages of thenew theatre : he wants to represent a thing, at which the public already laughs in its sleeve,m an entirely new situation. He wants so to mingle this thing with the tragicalness of theprincipal piece, that by conserving all the marks of its ludicrousness it would not be lu- dicrous; that it would make as strange an impression as though this deed were led by thehand of an unseen FATUM, as though it were someone invisible who is judge and judges,who brings criminal consciences to light ", (i) And to his drama, so like that famousMurder of Gonzago ", Wyspianski, Hamlet and Shakespeare in one person, gives the titleDelivrance ', for 44 real art has as its serious aim not only the transporting of man in amomentary dream of liberty but the rendering of him really free ". (2) &amp; &amp;' Municipal Theatre " of Cracow announced for Saturday, February 28 th. A.D.MCMIIIa new drama in three acts by Stanislas Wyspianski under the title 44 Delivrance ". Theplay bill laconically stated, 44 The scene of action is the stage of the Cracow theatre ". Andin sooth, to the eyes of 44 the first night public „ a strange sight presented itself. &amp;&amp; After the raising of the curtain the empty stage of the Cracow theatre appeared as itlooks before the commencement of a theatrical performance: plunged in darkness, for 44 thegas and footlights are still unlit "; empty save only for a handful of workmen who, theirwearied heads leaning on their hands, are seated in silence, 44 near the wall, where thecoulisses are ranged patiently awaiting the arrival of those who will call them to theirdaily work. But 44 though charmed be the curtain the spectacle has commenced " forConrad " comes, the hero of Mickiewicz's drama 44 The Feast of the Dead " of whichWyspianski had rendered the performance possible a short time before,, adopting, in thework of staging it, his own method, the 44 Shakespearean » method. It is Conrad whomWyspianski, in this 44 Feast of the Dead " deliberated upon anew by himself and recon- structed, endowing him with a new life, passing his problem through the prism of his ownthoughts; whom he leads out of the obscurity behind the scenes into the light of the Argandlamps, so as at last to solve the enigma disturbing Polish intellects in his way in the sphere of art, on the stage National thought which like Shakespeare in **Hamlet", like Miekiewiczin " The Feast of the Dead " he makes the mirror of his own life; and this in such a mannerthat the deeds of the hero, represented in the tragedy, will be Wyspianski's deeds, thatthe catastrophe they call forth will overtake Wyspianski, that the Delivrance of Conradwill be the delivrance of Wyspianski. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; This hero, well known to everyone, enters just as he left the stage in the finale ofMickiewicz's drama; this hero from whose lips but yesterday the public could hear thesewords, " I love my whole people! I have taken into my arms all its past and present ge- nerations! I have pressed it to my heart like a friend, a lover, a spouse, a father; 1 want toraise it and make it happy, I want to amaze the whole world with it "; and, further, " 1am called Million for I love and suffer the rack for millions "s he who but yesterday, onthis same stage, perhaps before these same spectators, challenged God to fight, so as to gainthe 44 power of the government of the sou! " in his nation, so as to govern by the senti*ment which is in him, he, Conrad Avenger, again passes the threshold of the stage, to endhere his drama. In the usual sacramental theatrical costume, dragging fetters on his handsand feet, which the Country's enemies in Miekiewicz's drama had attached, he comes toaccomplish his work, " to steal that sacred fire ",.... that glow which awakens, givesstrength, power, might,... and give it to those who are awaiting it this new Conrad,Conrad-Wyspianski, comes to awaken the nation from dreams of the past which, instead ofbeing, as for him, the source of Living Strength, had become for it a coffin, exhaling acoldness of Death; he comes to -lead the nation by strength towards Delivrance. And" strength, it is you " says he to the workmen freeing him from his irons, to the men" sitting in the nooks and gloomy corners of the stage " to the forgotten class which, nothaving its pages in the history of this great world, alone has been able to preserve in itsbreast the virginal, immaculate, elemental power, and which, excluded from social life, didnot fall a victim to its degeneration, and whose young strength, in consequence, blessed bya challenge to combat, will be capable of accomplishing the deed of vengeance, JS?&amp; Conrad knows this and commands them " to do what they do every night in this building "for which 44 they will receive ordinary pay he calls them to the erection of" a church,castle and mound " which they will afterwards have to destroy; he bids them sit there inthe nooks and corners, until he call them that they come forth with deed here peoplewill enjoy themselves, and they will look on, until the hour for vengeance comes&amp; At last arrive those actors, " the best in the world ", and at their head the clever stage*manager, always ready, on a stage measuring 44 twenty paces in length and breadth " toenclose the Polish idea to the rattling of tin thunder, to the sound of the tom-tom, whichis capable of rendering with exquisite accuracy the lugubriousness of the bells.&amp; The prima-donna enters: the Muse of literature, with whom 44 even her capricesare routine "; she enters leading a chorus of 44 ethereal " theatrical goddesses swimmingin a golden conch on wheels. All the light-hearted company greets Conrad like an oldacquaintance, always ready at his service; i. e., always ready to appear in his drama. Thistime, however, Conrad,... Hamlet and Wyspianski in one person, does not bring any piecewith him, for he comes to act, and that, not with gesture as the Muse believes, but withdeed; "he comes to strike with the hammer " to destroy the old theatre, though 44 thebuilding has strong foundations " and 44 to elevate on its ruins another theatre: a NewTheatre in which he wishes to represent the nation. " &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; So the experienced Muse, who has already eaten off her head in more than one nationaldrama, offers Conrad a traditional recipe. 44 It must take place in such a manner that the44 nation may enjoy itself. The scenery must be arranged, every accessory remembered, the44 prompter put in his place in case some have forgotten the text. Behind the scenes have44 the stage manager and call-boy and give them an abridged version. And when all is" ready have a polonaise played at the commencement if the theme be Polish, and throw44 as the first card a mighty word Why, here a new form is unnecessary. " probably itis an old story "; then " should either Duse or Sorma, Sarah or Modjewska enter, thecurtain may be raised ", for, 44 it is the actress who leads the piece, the tragedy " and44 everything depends on the recitation ". &amp; &amp;&amp; This will be a Commedia dell' Arte having as canvas the fable of 44 Contemporary Po- land and it will be improvised by 44 the best actors in the world " in tragical-comical- style. The Muse of course will play in this drama fullof 44 suffering, pain, passion, dolour, plaint, mourning, regret, sadness, fear, terror, pitythe principal part, under the mask of 44 Melancholy ", and Conrad, following the advice ofthe stagemanager, has to enter at the end of the drama 44 when sounds the tom-tom be 11...,and take the highest tone ". And Conrad-Hamlet, summoning the actors to deed, calls out,44 Dress me this national stage, let me see how your soul burns; let me see today the wholeriches, and let me cast in that fire which burns in my breast and let me call your fame!Theatre, temple of art, come, oh 50u1!... Theatre of the nation,... art, Polish art! We wantto dress it, to paint it; we want in this theatre to build Poland I " &amp; &amp;Hardly has he uttered these words when the workmen sitting 44 in the nooks and gloomycorners of the stage " rise; 44 they are already bringing in the scenery, they are puttingit in place, towering, arranging and before the eyes of the spectators takes place thiswork, before the eyes of the spectators the stage changes into the 44 Labyrinth called thetheatre " (i).... the national theatre whose end was, and is, 44 to show virtue her ownfeature, scorn her own image, and the very age and body of the time his form and pres- sure "; changes into the Labyrinth called Wawel (2) to which Ariadne-Pride leads PolishTheseuses (3); before the eyes of the spectators rises the Polish Acropolis: 44 Church, castleand mound &amp;And already are the actors crowding, gathering; they put on those costumes in whichthey will later play their parts. The stage is peopled with thoroughly Polish figures:knights in glittering armour, magnates in scarlet cloaks, poor nobles in faded coats, burghersand peasantry, monks, insurgents, artists; here, too, national nymphs and fairies are notunknown with rouged faces, in transparent frills and furbelows, waiting with impatiencefor some 44 entree de ballet a pantomimo-fairylike diversion or a bengal-allegorical apo- theosis in which they might develop their talent. All these, 44 called to life by the magicof art dressed in Sunday clothes, clanking imitations of sceptres and glaives to therustling of dusty standards, taking up interesting attitudes, stand in position to begin44 the combat of thoughts and fencing of words ».&amp; Conrad, for whom it is close and stifling, goes out, throwing to the actors these wordsin farewell, 44 Play and from your souls. Draw out from concealment what in you is secret,do not conceal.... tear at your hearts. " &amp; &amp;The parts are distributed. The stage-manager claps three times. The footlights are litand the Muse to whom it falls to begin acting alters and arranges her dress and at lastbegins with emphasis 44 to recite the prologue to the drama under the title 44 The Murderof Gonzago " or 44 the Mouse-trap " or 44 Contemporary Poland 44 Whoever lives on44 Polish soil, sorrows and hides his head, with hands crossed on his breast, laments, let44 him come hither; he will be revived! Into Space will we great words cast, dress them44 will we in a tragic mask. Whoever knows what means the Polish tongue, let him come44 hither; he will be revived by the grace of Word. You will see the day of Delivrance; we44 come here with the annunciation; our play will be tragic, it will be a reproach and a44 confession. We will take sublime high tones, like that majesty of the bells ringing from44 the tower. We come here with the annunciation. Our play will be tragic: Complaint,44 chastisement and confession. He will see Delivrance who is delivered from his own will!! "And they play that 44 Divina Commedia " delP arte before the conscience of the public- nation, before the conscience of the Claudius-nation, plunging it into the sombre abyss ofthe Polish Inferno; and they play Conrad's strange drama sounding of the 44 prayer thatweeps " and 44 the thunder that lightens " (4); they play that 44 drame h grand spectacle "with all the wonders that 44 Hohe Maschinerie " can effect, raising the demons from thetheatre caves; they play that retrospective-actuel 44 revue " teeming with 44 macabre "humour, merciless irony and tragic horror. The King and Queen, Polonius and Ophelia,Rosencrantz and Guildenstern and all Denmark (all Poland) may look on their 44 Sosies *%who, led by the hand of an invisible 44 titterero " play out their parts in this great tragic44 castillo ". The trap doors creak, the artificial thunder rolls and the stage at the touchof Prospero's wand, as it were a sounding board, multiplies the force of the golden rhymes of the recited text.&amp; The drama reaches its culminating point. Conrad-Hamlet, chained, like Ixion, to his piece,has to enter from behind the scenes where he has remained during the second act, andstep on to the stage, to accomplish his Work, so as to terminate the drama by a duel. Inthe third and last act Conrad-Wyspianski drives away from the Cathedral on Wawel theharpie of the nation which is fed by its best strength, 44 felling it to renounce, what ploughedland can give felling it li to deprive its lips of all the sweetness of fruits he curses44 Genius ", (for thus is this person named in the drama), who 44 wants to seize the nationin the snare of beauty dead and extinguished, and to awaken a groan in its breast insteadof joy "5 who tells them to expect delivrance only in death: he slams to the entry to thecathedral 's subterranean vaults, to the abyss of the royal tombs into which Genius wishedto conduct the nation hallucinated by his words, and stops up the iron ring-bolt with aflaming torch.&amp; Conrad in the second act ravishes this TORCH of rebellion burning with hate. 44 perhapsyou do not know what this torch means? ,' Wyspianski asks in the note at the end of thisact. 44 The Torch is fire, light, glow; it sheds light and at the same time burns; brings the" gift of heat and at the same time by fire throws all into ruin. It illuminates, but at the44 same time destroys; it is capable of killing with a living fire.... If it flames At is that44 elemental force which the FREE SOUL possesses. If it flames it is the power of the soul44 to whose force the body submits. He who wiil discover this divine flame damned maybe or savedWhat then will be the Lot of Conrad? He loses his torch, for the Delivrance of the nationfrom the death giving charms of Genius. The torch goes out on the slab that closes theentry to the tombs of Wawel. But the man who shall have 44 lost the glow of sacredstrength, though in sacrifice for the nation, believing that by fire he will save it,... will beovertaken by the vengeful Erinyes, by the Vulture of everlasting hunger. This eternal que- stion: what afterwards, after ages, ages? Such a man,44 the nearer knowledge, the furtherfrom it, flees further and further: consuming with his own fire he burns! " in the likenessof 44 those stars which fall into the night. You look at them.... they disappear ". Conrad'storch goes out; 44 the piece played, ends; Conrad's idea does not end. All the others come44 out of their parts, though remaining in their costumes The workmen 44 demolish thescenery and cloths, putting them in the corners ". Conrad does not come out of his part;for him, the deed accomplished is a real deed, not fiction; is a deed not a gesture. Awa- kened as from heavy Sleep by the shaking of actors' hands, he does not recognise the spotin which lie finds himself. 44 Where am I? What did I want to do? What shall 1 be? Ibrought you the torch.... defended the tomb! How do you want to live...? " he demands,forgetful of the fact that he is speaking already to actors who have ended their parts, andnot to men. He does not recognise them, these, 44 his actors.... his friends. " He cannotunderstand why the Muse who had possessed his heart and delivered his thought curtesysincessantly and throws kisses; so the stage-manager has to explain that the 44 Diva " isthanking the public for its applause and garlands. He looks with horror at this woman inlaurels flirting with the Critic, the voice of opinion, allowing him to stroke her face. Hedoes not comprehend why those who but a moment before stood on cothurns, are nowtalking of their past lot all too prosaically, esteeming it lightly; why they have cast offtheir parts which they took upon themselves of their own free will, and he throws themwords of contempt. 44 The part, the part is ended? You so divide your thought into the44 part and everyday nothingness that as soon as you have repeated the part smoothly the\6 stage boards glide from under your feet, and the most beautiful part becomes for you4 absurd. Miserable creatures! " He cannot understand why indeed their cheeks wannedand why hot tears flowed from their eyes, since Hecuba and her fortunes are nothing tothem. Then these are those 44 LIVING HEROES "? Could these men write by their deedsthe abstract and brief chronicles of future time? Why, these are Venders of holy things,«4 their trade is prostitution! "The lights are extinguished. The actors with the stage-manager go out, deliberatingwhether it would not be better 44 from the stage point of view " to shorten the piece thenext time in the scene where Conrad enters. And the actors go out....44 Goodnight, friends,Goodnight? sweet prince. " On the great empty stage Conrad remains alone, 44 the slave to one great thought ,J hidden in which 44 is his weakness and his strength " at the sametime, tie had entered 44 into the temple, large, dark he had aimed, but now he knowsnot whither he aims; 44 now his thought has crumbled into dust.... how will he escape fromthe circle of the spells of art? " He remains quite alone, with fear as his only consolation,with a yearning thirsting for blood. 44 Art thou, my Poland, but with me? " He casts thedespairing question into the void. Midnight strikes. With a crash the floor opens. Fromthe depths comes forth a chorus of Erinyes which surrounds Conrad in a circle and afflictshim with the suffering of Laocoon and Orestes; it encircles his brow with a burning crownof serpent coils, tears out his eyes,... and puts into his hand the avenging glaive. And Conradsets himself at the head of the vengeful deities, so as to rush out into the world. Vaineffort! The iron gate with an iron strength bars his way. Then pursued 44 by a band offamished vultures " he is forced to return to the 44 stage®night ", seeking an Issue. Theadder«wreath burns. In his eyes night reigns. The curtain falls. &amp; &amp; &amp;44 Let the stricken deer go weep,The hart ungalled play,For some must watch while some must sleep;So runs the world away! "44 The first®night public " covers author and performers with applause. The public whichduring the whole evening had stood as in the pillory claps Wyspianski and the actors. Theactors, whom Wyspianski had during the whole evening in presence of the public kept asin the pillory thank for the applause with low bows. And, too, the actor playing Conradcomes before the curtain. Is it surprising? What is he to Hecuba or Hecuba to him? Andbesides, the play®bill had forewarned them, 44 The seat of action is the stage of the CracowTheatre &amp;But Conscience»King rises and calls 44 Lights ". The King goes to his apartments,44 mar®vellous distempered ". The Queen is 44 struck into amazement and admiration at suchbehaviour ". The enlightened critic, Polonius, had slept in his editorial chair, 44 he is fora jig or a tale of bawdry or he sleeps ": on the whole the crowd had no liking for thepiece: 44 It was caviar to the general ". &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;WyspianskFs drama ends with a great prophecy just as Mickiewicz had demanded ofPolish drama. On the last page of the first edition Wyspianski writes these words, 44 here44 ends the drama. But thought, that nimble, speedy runner, flies beyond it, and this is44 what it whispers me: When Eos rosy®haired will appear on the vault of heaven and the44 birds chirp the first tones of their matin®song, someone will be found who will come44 with keys, (a workman perchance, or perchance a barefooted maid), and first will be to44 open the gate. Then in this blue morning, united to the deities by a fraternal oath,44 Conrad=Erinnys with the Erinyes, at the same time slave and lover, will rush forth into44 the world in FLIGHT in the grey dawn, in the blue dawn, a glaive in hand, eyes torn44 out, in an adder wreath, surrounded by a chorus and will call to the nation: TEAR44 OFF YOUR BONDS!!! " &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; The executor then of the Idea of a national theatre will be the nation itself in the dayof Delivrance, the nation who will seize WyspianskFs thought and, leading it out into theworld will, from the darkness of the closed theatre, at last deliver it.... 44 In me lives the44 soul of the nation, that sublime power of which the silver-haired bard of the Skalds44 te115,... the soul that rejuvenates, that awakens, that seeks its own road, its own beliefs,44 seeks existence and truth and a covenant with those souls that are great, sky-high, which44 are strong beyond the strength of worlds and mighty as legendary kings! I want to44 bring them to life, yes, I will make so bold as to bring this Slav world to life, an arch®44 pagan, a perished world. " (a) &amp; &amp; jt?&amp; With these words uttered by the lips of one of his tragic figures Wyspianski seems todefine the essence of his art. WyspianskFs art is a new phenomenon on the skyfine of na®tional life, it is a new moment in the national metempsychosis, it is the new incarnationof the Over-soul of the nation.In WyspianskFs works that immortal Phoenix, who writes the history of the nationwith thunder®bolts on giddy heights, awakened, again claims his rights, seeks new roads andcovenanters. Wyspianski, worshipper of Power, and singer of Joy, in erecting his Free Theatre, turns for the canvas of his spectacles to those epochs in which Power, wedded toJoy, had its kingdom in the human soul. And like Wagner, who ravishes from the depthsof the Rhine the golden secret of the Nibelungens, Wyspianski plunges into the waves ofthe Vistula, his native river, and draws out from them, drowned, forgotten treasure-legendsof past Glory capable of disenchanting and setting free the strength, spellbound in thebreast of the nation. jgr &amp; &amp;&amp; In dreaming of this prehistorical Poland bowing before the gods of the sun, Wyspianskicomes to the land of Homer and Aeschylus, wanders amongst withered laurels and ruins,and from its mounds resuscitates a procession of heroic giants. He calls to life these two worlds above which his soul moves as over a nameless chaos and enchants them into formby love, for it Is by love alone one may create. He couples the life of these two worldswith the link of one idea, so that on his stage Achilles or Hector, raised to a symbolicalpower, stand in one rank with the heroes of national traditions and ballads, fighting in acommon cause. Receiving the secret meaning of the legends of these two worlds, whichevery product of popular imagination conceals in its primitive form, he unites them withthe logic, examined by himself, of the later heroic periods, and he so connects these twocategories of material that they may serve him as the basis for the Leading Historical Idea.&amp; And this first cycle formed by dramas woven 011 the ground of Polish myths and legends:44 The Legend 44 Boleslas the Bold ", 44 The Rock together with the dramas, so-calledGreek,.... 44 Achilles ",44 The Return of Odysseus ", 44 Protesilas and Laodamia ",44 Meleager "5this first cycle singing of olden glory and which closes with the prophetic drama under thetitle of 44 Acropolis ", unites by an historical thread with the second cycle embracing dramaswhose substance is the history of the Insurrection and Martyrdom of the Polish Nation:44 The November Night ", 44 La Varsovienne ", 44 Lelewel ", 44 The Legion and the stagingof Mickiewicz's 44 Feast of the Dead The second cycle is a fantasy on the events of the44 November Insurrection " (1830=31831) and its historical consequences, is a rhapsody whirringwith the rustle of the wings of the last Napoleonic eagles, flying away with the autumngale from the 44 land of mounds and crosses " (1). This 44 romantic " cycle together with thethird and last, comprised of dramas with the fable drawn from 44 Today ",... 44 Delivrance ",44 The Curse " and 44 Judges ", accomplishes in the repertory of the 44 Theatre Militant "the most important of functions: 44 shows the very age and body of the time his form andpressure ". &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; So then VVyspianski's theatre encloses in its frame the history, past, present and future,of Poland, history of human strength in its autumnal maturity, and in the winter dreamof a new spring of blossom, of Renaissance.jg/ Equally with the substance of the spectacles does their form change. Antique prehisto- rical themes require a landscape and architecture harmonized with their grandeur. On thebackground of this scenery pass figures of over-men, imposing by their mask and gesture,as though hammered in the forge of Hephaistos, accomplfshing laudable deeds under theshield of the gods issuing from the sun, earth and waters. &amp;&amp; The historical themes, together with the contemporary ones to which they form thetransition from the antique, demnad other staging. So that the landscape may illustratethe state of mind of the heroes it is composed in mournful values, the architecture nolonger suggesting that joyful Strength that the silence of ruins emits, and the whole sceneryof the prehistorical dramas, delineated in gigantic proportions, agrees with the'theatrical44 staffage " created after the dimensions of Euripides rather than those of Aeschylus,formed of people from whose breasts joy has fled, whose hands are bound by a SuperiorForce, and of spectres born as from their tortured imagination In delirium. £? &amp;&amp; The future of the nation is not treated by Wyspianski in a special cycle, for almosteach of his dramas closes with a prophesy of it, and its vision he incorporates in the sameforms, which he adopts in externalising the world of prehistorical Power and Joy. In histheatre, 44 of ashes enclosed in the national urn " Wyspianski resuscitates a people ofWarriors, and, placing it in the cothurn of mounds, makes of them 44 actors, higher by thewhole mound he makes of them the awakeners of the national conscience whom 44 onegreets with a smile and takes leave of in tears (2) Drawing the substance from the inexhaustible thesaurus of myths and tragical and true events, he reaches for form to the" Ark of the Covenant " between new and former years (i) to popular art, which alone iscapable of giving the true expression to his strength of thought. For the Polish peoplealone, deprived of all participation in the political life of the nation, that unwitting creatorof the only true Art which is the symbol of its life, this people, living by art and be=lieving in it, has not departed from its archaic sources, and in its art, plastic, mimes, musicand poetry, in these ritualistic arts has preserved the paleo=Slav elements. Wyspianski, born in Cracow, the capital of the kingdom of Poland, makes of that town,...dead, like Rome, like Bruges,... by the might of artism, a new Athens which was " theconscience of Greece (2) makes it the symbol of national Life and the capital of histhought. Placing on this reliquary of the Polish Past a pious kiss, he resuscitates and im=mortalises its legend.Tbe starting point of Wyspianski's dramas is Wawel, the myths connected with it, itshistoric lot, and the problem of its future. The Legend says that formerly in dusky timeson this hill, rising on the banks of the Vistula, on whose sandy bed, in coralline palacessing Undines, settled the Chief of Chrobatia of the name of Cracus and built himself awooden mansion. And in this mountain an insatiable dragon had its den and fed on theblood of the prince's serfs, and was always hungering for fresh victims. This monsterCracus killed with his own hand; and the legend speaks of Wanda, his royal daughter, who,rather than give her hand to the German Prince Rytogar, wedded her virginal body to theVistula. The grateful people raised barrows to the heroic warrior and beloved maiden, andhanded down to posterity a simple tale of them. And afterwards in this castle kings ruled,wielding the terrible glaive jagged on the gates of besieged burgs. And their prayers were)sounded by " Sigismundus ", the royal bell cast out of prize cannon.'And there is a CathedralLeside this castle, and in it a crucified miraculous Christ, veiled in crape, and the golden*countenanced King°Psalmist on the summit of the organ=loft singing, to the accompanimentof the angelic orchestra of golden-winged players, Syggaion to the Most High Singer. Onthe wall hang Flemish gobelins illustrating " Historia Troiae " and " Historia Jacobi ". Thefaded figures of belligerent men and of pious men contemplated those who came to seekthe spiritual fire for their manliness. In the crypt of this Cathedral lie crowned corpses, the sceptres and the orbs have fallen from their crumbled fingers, scarlets and cloths ofgold have fallen into dust..... The royal tombs. In the crypt of this Cathedral sleeps theCommander of the tiny Roman Legion, the Knight of the Polish Graal: Mickiewiez.&amp; Of the kings they tell today a Christmas Eve fable. It seems that under the old castle,deep deep down, is to be found a second like it, but more beautiful, and in it, in the thronehall, seated in a semicicle, are all the Polish kings in coronation robes. Once a year is tobe heard the blast of the horn and the neighing of the horses; then King Boleslas theValiant can be seen passing with iron steps across the jousting court with the angelicglaive glistening on his shoulder. &amp; &amp;&amp; Today the bell "Sigismundus" rings for Midnight Mass, and for the Resurrection, whenin the Polish soul, as in the holy manger, Christ is born, and when in this soul as in theholy sepulchre rises again. &amp;&amp; One of the legends of Wawel touches directly the temple under the patronage of StMichael and standing on "The Rock " (Skalka) • There, according to the oldest chroniclers,King Boleslas the Bold commanded his sbirris to put Bishop Stanislas Szczepanowski to death,for his having dared to excommunicate him " from bread and aeres, from strength andwilland when an invisible power held their swords in the air, they being cast to theground by it, the bold king cleft the bishop through the head and ordered his body to behacked into seventy two parts. According to the recorders a brightness rose over the bodyin the night, and four eagles defended it from the beaks of carrion birds. Today differentrelics remain of St Stanislas. In the cathedral on Wawel silver angels bear the heavy silvercoffin containing his body. On s* The Rock " they show the stains of blood which had spurtedover the walls of the church. There is, too, the miraculous poo! to which are ascribedhealing powers, as to Bethesda; out of the centre of the turijid water covered with aver*digris of duckweed, arises the triumphant monument of the Saint, Today pious christians in simple souled canticles praise the miracles of St Stanislas in processions, carrying his headset in gold. The history, mythical and authentic, of these spots, undergoing in .Wyspianski'sfantasy a symbolical metamorphosis, will become the scaffolding for the idea of almost thewhole cycle of prehistoric dramas. Both of these spots will form the theatrical groundon which the heroes of these dramas will act with choruses. Wawel will be the principalstage showing tragic deeds, while "The Rock", placed behind the scenes will explain theirmystery. In Wyspianski's artistic conception, Wawel, that hill dominating the "Polish Con- science", on which stand the "castle, church and mound" grows to the power of the PolishAcropolis; the former centre of national life again becomes the focus, gathering in itselfall the rays which the Polish Soul can emanate; the former heroic shrine is regeneratedin the temple of future strength; the former treasury of Polish relics again opens wide itsdoors for the People which will come there to deposit its deeds. On Wawel Wyspianski'sart is born. On Wawel Wyspianski's art takes its beginning; there it arrives at its tragicmoment, and, at last at its apogee is delivered. &amp; &amp;&amp; Wyspianski recasts the Wawel themes not only on the stage but also ip poetry, inrhapsodies such as " Casimir the Great" and " Boleslas the Bold/" in painting,...landscape,composition and ornamentation. &amp;&amp; Wyspianski regarded the stage, however, as the most suitable frame for these themes,purely theatrical in the noblest sense of the word, and although he treats them in anotherform, that only testifies to the fact that, like Shakespeare "he had always reality in histhoughts, reality in his imagination "that always "the men of his drama lived in his ima- gination on real ground perfectly well-known to him ", for in his plastic and poetical workshis genuine theatrical talent stamps the mark of its originality. For it suffices to arrangethe text of the rhapsodies for voices, translate it into mimic ianguage, for them to becomescenic spectacles of the first water. &amp; 4? With equal strength the theatrical elements of his talent express themselves in hislandscapes, compositions or decorative projects. The most eloquent proof of this gravitationof vision to theatrical forms we see in the stained glass windows by Wyspianski destinedfor the Cathedral on Wawel. These are no longer anecdotes such as formerly were depictedornamentally with thought but about their chromatic effect, but dramatic scenes expressedIn theatrical drawing and colouring in such away that the figures under the influence oflight appear in the recesses of the cathedral windows as those spectres of the past withwhich Wyspianski's stage swarms.It appears that alread3? in the moment when Wyspianski composed these " Wawel dramas"on glass, destining them for the cathedral amphitheatre, he was governed by the thoughtof enlarging his theatre, which had become crystallised only in the project for the buildingover of the Wawel hill, published after his death under the title " Wawel-Acropolis ". Increating the plan for the restoration of the old buildings in such a manner that they mightbecome useful in the future, and at the same time the plan for the buildings over of Acro- polis with new buildings, resulting from the needs of a society politically free, regeneratingitself spiritually, Wyspianski points out a spot by the side of the temples, the royal palace,the edifice of the Polish Diet, the Academy of Science and the Cracow Sorbonne, for this" Greek Theatre ", that Church Triumphant in which one day the Free People might assemblewith a view of common contemplation. &amp; &amp;Rendering account to himself however all too well, that such a reconstruction of ruins canonly be the work of the nation, which through the Labyrinth called Wawel will attainDelivrance, and recommending the elevation of the " Greek Theatre to future times andpeople he returns to his " Shakespearean Theatre " and, consecrating his whole supply ofstrength to that Church Militant, he proceeds in a contrary direction: in the " Labyrinthcalled the Theatre " he represents the Acropolis of Wawel: And Wyspianaki's thought, likethe Ghost of King Hamlet, wanders by night over the breast-works of the Polish Elsinore,calling out to whoever can understand it: " duller shouldst thou be than the fat weedthat roots itself in ease on Lethe wharf shouldst thou not stir in this. «£? jg? &amp;At this call a long procession of kings comes forth from the Wawel subterranes, behindwhom steps the Master Mickiewicz wielding Christ's banner; the marble monuments ofnational knights awaken, from the gobelins float misty figures, so as to act, on the stepsleading to the cathedral, the Polish history of Troy and of Jacob. And far away, from the silver waters of the Vistula laving the feet of the castle, the wind brings songs in praiseof past glory which a chorus of Undines hums to shepherd shalms.The Idea of Wawel is one of the light motives of Wyspianski's drama repeating itself al- ways with chords, now of joy, now of sorrow. This motive employed for the first time in44 The Legend ", in 44 Boleslas the Bold" and in 44 The Rock", repeated as an echo in 44 TheWedding", will sound the most tragically in 44 Delivrance "so as last to melt away intoSilence with the hymn of resurrection in 44 Acropolis " . The hill of Wawel itself in Wyspian- ski's theatre is the ground, not only of events that took place here either in mythical orhistorical times, but in general of all the tragic deeds which would be in their legend akinto Polish fortunes. And so on the background of scenery representing Wawel, by the sideof Polish ghosts and heroes, glide before the eyes of the spectators the gods and demi-godsfighting for Troy and even the Prince of Denmark appears here, swearing to avenge theKing-Ghost.And again in this case Wyspianski employed his own method, the Shakespearean method.44 The opinion is widely spread ", he writes in 44 Hamlet ", 44 that Shakespeare's theatre44 did not trouble about scenery at all; that they paid no attention to it, stood higher above44 these 4 rags ' and 4 tatters '. I believe that to be an exaggeration as regards the produc- -44 tiveness of Shakespeare. It is very probable that on his stage, in his little theatre, he had44 modest, very modest, scenery; so then he knew this, and knew he would find nothing44 there. So he sought nothing there. But when he wrote 4 Macbeth ' and wrote for in- -4 stance4 Forres, a hall in the palace', he had a palace in his thought, one of thoseknown to him. And when he wrote 4 Inverness , a room in Macbeth's castle' he had againanother real castle in his thoughts. That signifies, that each time he represented in writingwhat took place, he had really before his eyes the ground where it took place. And for thatreason such things as doors, windows, the plan and arrangement of the rooms of castleand palace in general was in accord with a real architecture and a real logical buildingthat existed somewhere. It is very possible that when he wrote 4 Macbeth ' or 4 Lear ' hehad a castle in renaissance style in his thoughts, and not Roman or of wood; that when he44 wrote 4 Othello ' or 4 The Merchant of Venice ' it was difficult for him to think of gon- -44 dolas never having been in Venice. But he had always reality in his thoughts, reality in44 his imagination and the men of his drama lived in his imagination on real ground 44 If he says distinctly, 4 Fife, Macduff's castle ', and at another time 4 Forres, a hall in44 the palace', and at another, 4 Inverness, court of Macbeth's castle ', his words must be44 taken literally, and above all seriously. It must be really understood that when he wrote44 4 Macbeth', those three castles, Duncan's, Macduff's and Macbeth's, were in his thoughts44 as three different castles, and in his imagination these three castles were really diffe*44 rent, and he did not confuse them. " &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Wyspianski in writing his dramas, in reading and deliberating upon the dramas ofothers, has always reality in his thoughts, the personages of these dramas he places inhis imagination on real ground. (44 Am lin the castle or on the stage? " Wyspianski askshimself in the Wawel drama 44 Boleslas the Bold ".) When he meditates on the Fortunesof Hamlet he examines and sifts them according to 44 what there is in Poland for thought "until at last the result of this analysis will be the New and tragicall History of HamletPrince of Denmark, just as it happened on real Polish ground. 44 Everything since the timeof Shakespeare ", writes he in the same work, 44 that the European theatres have deigned44 to do for him with the idea of enriching him with scenery, is worth very little. At the44 most it is rich and testifies a great attachment and cult for Shakespeare but not in the44 least to the understanding of Shakespeare. But he who, following the thought of Shake- -44 speare, would enclose the situations of any drama in some buildings existing in reality44 and would make the logic of the architecture of these building agree with the logic of44 the Shakespearean text, he only could invent the scenery. 4 Hamlet' for instance.44 In what castle could this drama come to pass? At Elsinore? Of the castle at Elsinore44 probably, we all know as much as Shakespeare did, when he wrote 4 Hamlet', which44 means that we have not the slightest idea how it looked, nor in what style it was built.44 Then that need not regard us at all. t( Yet, Shakespeare in writing the tragedy of Hamlet's44 castle at Elsinore had some existing building in his thoughts. Which? That we shall ne- -44 Ver know, even after the longest investigation it is uncertain, whether it, would be posj 44 sible to find out and unriddle anything whatsoever.!! is better then to leave these re- -44 searches alone.44 And if this tragedy were to be played with us, in Cracow for instance, one must seek" such a castle, where this tragedy might take place. One must seek above all, such a" nation, who would believe in that Ghost-King, Hamlet's father, who reveals to his son44 the crime of the evil-doers; who binding with an oath his son who believes in the Belo- -44 ved Shade and takes the resemblance and features of his father, attaches him to the44 sentiment of revenge for ever. „ &amp; &amp;Wyspianski then tries, following the thought of Shakespeare, to enclose the situationsof 44 Hamlet" in buildings existing in reality and endeavours to make the logic of the ar- chitecture of these buildings agree with the logic of the Shakesperean text. He finds thePolish nation, whose contemporary history Is joined by certain threads with the tragic his- tory of Prince Hamlet. lie finds the sacred burg of Wawel over which watches the King-Ghost of the Nation. Wyspianski keeps to these methods, consisting of the polonisatioin ofexotic themes, each time he has either some foreign myth or even another's drama to re- present on his stage. He uses similar methods in dramatising Greek myths, in the para- phrase of Corneille's 44 Le Cid " and in the dramatic scene under the title 44The Death of Ophe- lia." In this way he enriches the Theatre-Valhalla wihh a train of new gods and nationalheroes.The second source of Wyspianski's themes and materials is the Polish village, which haspreserved to our days, in its disposition and its buildings, the character of ancient Slavsettlements. In the beliefs and rites of its inhabitants he still finds traces of Paleo-Slavpantheism which, modified by the influence of Christian legends, forms a mythology on anImmensely rich, sentimental scale, embracing the whole world of Spirits Dark and Bright, wa- ging a continuous war on each other on earth and in heaven. In the village ceremonies\and customs he descries the remains of the former Slav theatre, which, open to the air, gaveits performances 44 sub Jove,, in sacred groves, on battle fields and in grave-yards. In thesehieratical spectacles he also discerns the noblest rudiments of the Future Art of the PolishTheatre.&amp; In the everyday life of the peasant, who is already to a certain degree throughhis decorativeness a theatrical spectacle, individually improvised on the canvas oftradition and superstition, in his daily actions, in his manner of acting on exterior im- pulses, penetrating into the dignified melody of his speech, contemplating the royalty of hisgesticulations, he sees the perfectly preserved Might, distinguishing mythical heroes, be theySlav or Greek. In one word, Wyspianski finds here just as he does on Wawel, theatricalmaterial all ready for him : legends, costumes, models for the mimic of seperate persona- ges or for the crowd, models for the music and colouring of the scenic dialogue and, aboveall, figures capable of serving as an example for the composition of theatrical characters.Wyspianski exploits the village themes in three dramas played throughout on this ground:in 44 The Curse ~ The Wedding ~ and in 44 The Judges ". Village art however lends him formsfor a whole series of dramas. And thus we shall find these raw materials recast and subti- lized in 44 The Legend " 44 Boleslas the Bold " The Rock " 44 Achilles " 44 Acropolis " 44 The No- vember Night" and even in "The Death of Ophelia." We shall meet with rites taken literallyfrom peasant life in the Wawel dramas, or with reminiscences of the same in the dramasso called Greek We shall meet the Polish peasant whom Wyspianski characterizes now asa Wawel king, now as a Trojan warrior; we shall perceive this hero on the back-groundof his own life, in his superb costume, with his cothurnated gesticulations and his ono- matocacuic language, we shall perceive his Soul which, as seen through the theatrical ismagnified to the symbol of human Might. We shall meet here too the world of SpiritsDark and Bright, incorporated in those forms in which the popular imagination depicts them.The guide-post in this work was for Wyspianski the 44 Living Theatre,, preserved untiltoday in Poland by the tradition of a believing people, like in that archaic theatre of theSlavs not possessing a regular building but giving its spectacles now in the church, nowin the hut, in the fields, in the town places. All of these spectacles without exception,either those proceeding from the liturgy of the Roman Catholic Church or those being theresidue of Paleo-Slav cereminies, possess a specific national colouring and are the solemnacts of actors and spectators united by the same sentimental interest. &amp; &amp; &amp; In this hieratical theatre Wyspianski finds the Leading Idea akin to his own conceptionof the National Theatre, he finds likewise the technique for nationalizing the spectacularthemes and figures, which he always applies to his theatre. In this ever developing LivingTheatre he sees the Mirror showing as it were "the very age and body of the time his formdnd pressure. „ &amp;And, too, he gives himself up passionately to the scrutiny of this theatre; he studiesits text both spoken and sung, its apparatus both mimic and decorative; he himself com- poses for one these spectacles a new mise-en-sc&amp;ne, until at last he removes these spoilsskilfully recast, on to the stage, and purified of all accidental appendages.The influence of these spectacles on the scenic productiveness of Wyspianski we seeespecially in his manner of bringing the crowd on to the stage, and his management ofit during the drama. For, in the crowd appearing in Wyspianski's theatre, there is nothingthat would remind one of the individualisation of the supernumeraries or of the famed" Rhabarbergemurnae! der Massen,, to which innovations the management "des hin-un-und- her-zoglichen Theaters,, conveyed a false apprehension of the scenie ensemble. Wyspianski'scrowd, as though copied in movement from the bas-reliefs adorning the friezes of Greektemples, seized in majestic lines, whether forming the background for figures on the firstplan or national processions and is a chorus in every instance. &amp; JZ?The most forcible influence, however, on the dram tic composition of Wyspianski was exer- ted by the "Crib,, (Szopka) an ambulant puppet show giving its spectacles in the villagesand towns at Christmas-tide. This tiny theatre is to a certain extent the synthesis of po- pular art. Its structure prescribed' traditionally combines in itself the intricately ornamen- ted architecture of village churches or even of Wawel with a stage in correct style &amp;The text of the spectacles both sung and spoken, which arose as an abridgement of theold Mystery Plays, is composed of favourite carols, pastorals, ditties and patriotic verses. Onthe tiny stage move in pairs the most popular folk types together with the heroes of le- gend and history, together with spirits bright and dark streaming to Bethlehem and prai- sing the New Born in recitatives, airs and dance. &lt;£&gt; &amp; &amp; &amp;So here again Wyspianski meets with a theatre showing the very age and body of thetime, with a theatre that unites by an unbreakable thread the earthly stage with the worldof spirits, legend with history, which unwittingly perhaps and simply, touches national pro- blems and whose drama terminates in a great Messianic prophecy. And again he finds inthis sincere art of popular production a real mine of new scenic forms. &amp;Under the charm of this tiny theatre Wyspianski creates "The Wedding" " Delivrancc "and "Bolsslas the Bold", dramas whose composition has a decided resemblance to thatof "The Crib" lie places human fignres in direct contact with spirits, makes them enterand exit by pairs and recite his thoughts in wonderful verse-songs, modelled on themelic parte of the " Crib" libretto. At the age of eleven Wyspianski built himself aCrib of immense size imitating architecturally the Castle of Wawel, in which he playedmany different tragedies spun round the history of the royal burg with the help of figureswhich he had himself composed. Perhaps already then was germinating in the boyish soulthe idea of the Theatre-Wawel which in his manly productiveness brought forth manifoldfruits. &amp; &amp;&amp; &amp;&amp;?&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; To be continued Out epoch. &amp; " Bcclcsia Militans. &amp; A Chutchmilitant. The exampleof Hamlet. The problemof Hamlet• &amp; A judgment hall. Shakesp e a re'sMethod. Wysp i an sky'sSystem. &amp; giving Heroes. His libretti. &amp; His Ideal stage. The example ofShakespeare. &amp; 44 Delivrance Conrad. &amp; His Mission. &amp; &amp; The Primadonna. &amp; &amp; A traditionalrecipe. The wotkmen* The Perfor- mance. The Prologue. &amp; The Torch# The end of thepiece. &amp; &amp; The exit of theactors. &amp; After the piece. A gteat pro- phecy, &amp; Themes andmaterials of thedramas. &amp; &amp; The three cycles. The historicalthemes. &amp; &amp; The Wawellegend, &amp; &amp; &amp; A Christmasfable. &amp; The PolishAcropolis. &amp; &amp; The Waweldramas on glass. A work for thefuture. £? &amp; Shakespeare'sscenery. &amp; &amp; Wyspianski9stheory about it. The PolishVillage, &amp; The peasant, &amp; The 44 TiringTheatre u The " Crib. " &amp; (1) Corneille.(2) Fr. Schiller: Preface to " The Betrothed of Messina (1) R. Wagner: " Art and Revolution(2) M. Maeterlinck: " The Double Garden(3) Essay on Slav literature given at the " college de France " XVI Lesson. (April 4. 1843.)(4) Diderot: " Paradox on the Comedian(5) Wysplanski: *' Hamlet" (dedication). (1) Wyspianski: " Hamlet " (l) Wyspianski " Hamlet (1) Wyspianski. «« Hamlet(2) Fr: Schiller : Preface to " The Betrothed of Messina (1) Wysplanski: " Hamlet" (dedication).(2) Vide Biographical Note.(3) Wysplanski. " Dellvrance dialogue between Conrad and 7th Mask.(4) Slowacki: " Poem on Hell by Piast Dantiscus (1) Wyspianski. " Lelewel " (1) Krasinski. " Irydyon ".(2) Slowack 1: " Kordyan (Prologue). (1) Mickiewiez. " Konrad Wallenrod(2) E. Sehurtb " History of Musical drama " THE ARENA GOLDONI,ITS PAST, ITS PRESENTAND ITS FUTURE by Dorothy Nevile Lees. THE PALAZZO AND PIAZZA DELLA SIGNORIA The Arena Goldoni; Mr Gordon Craig's open air theatre in Florence THE ARENA GOLDONI E. THESLEFF. In a city so ancient as Florence, in one which, until recentyears, remained so compact and close-crowded within itsmassive walls, there is no space of ground which is not richin associations, no street along which the ghosts of a pastage do not walk with us at every step. For, in spite of the centuries during which they have lain in their dusty tombs in thegrey cold churches, they are curiously alive, those old Florentines: how could it be other- wise with race so vigorous and vital, so keen and quick-witted and alert? how could deathever really conquer them, or the broad marble slabs of their carved monuments ever reallyshut them in? At midday, in the crowded tourist season, they may shrink away a little; butat nightfall, and in the hot silence of the summer noon when the city is well nigh deserted,it is of their presence we are most conscious; it is they who pass with us along the pave- ments, their faces which look down upon us from carved window frame or pillared loggia;they who shelter in the deep shadows which the blazing sunshine casts into the streets fromthe heavy eaves of the palaces; they who linger on the bridges while the moon whitens thebroad waves of the Arno during those hours when no modern sound of tram or motor breaksthe silence, and nothing is heard save the lapping of the water against the stone piers, and,from somewhere in the darkness, the throbbing of mandolines, and a voice in which all thepassion of the South seems to find expression streaming out like a banner towards stars.it is in such hours that the old Florence lives again for us; that we find the city peo- pled with strange presences, that we feel our houses to be the dwellings of sweet shadowsand of living ghosts.And is not this inevitable ? There is a curious permanence in a noble past. It istenacious of its power. Materially it passess: spiritually it lives, Today epitomises a mil- lion yesterdays. The present ever rises upon the past. The future will be born of thepresent. We are linked to these old Florentines by an indestructable chain. Beneath the foun- dations of our houses are the foundations of theirs, theirs rose upon the foundations of others,and so on, since the earliest day when the first architect raised the first walls upon each pieceof ground, from one to another, through all the centuries, has passed the message, "Afterme cometh a builder; tell him I too have known!" And, since it is ever interesting to knowwho those were who yet live for us in their works, those who before us were sheltered bythe same walls, passed in and out of the same doorways, let us trace a little the historyof the Arena Qoldoni, the traditions of that piece of ground between the Via Serragli andthe Via Romana,, the Via Santa Maria and the Via Serumido upon a part of which it stands. THE ARENA GOLDONI IN THE FIFTEENTH CENTURY. -0 The great " Stabilimento Goldoniano " of which the Arena forms a part is associatedwith two convents which originally stood there, those of Annalena and of Sta Chiara, thebuildings and gardens of which together covered about 140,000 square feet of ground. Ofthese the larger and more important seems to have been that founded by Annalena, whosetragic story is typical of the turbulent times in which she lived. And this is how thestory runs:....In the yar 1426, to Oaleotto Malatesta, Lord of Chiusercole and member of the great Ri- mini family, and to his wife Maria degli Orsini of Rome was born a little daughter, AnnaElena, who, being early deprived by death of her mother's care, was sent, her father beingabsorbed in war and politics, to be brought up by her Aunt Elisabetta dei Conti Ouidi wholived in Florence in the parish oi San Felice. &amp; &amp;Here, in the midst of that wonderful quattrocento Florence, where the astute Cosimo deiMedici was fast establishing the supremacy of his family, where Fra Angelico was paintingin the cloisters of San Marco, where Brunelleschi was raising his great dome and Ghibertiworking upon his golden gates, little Annalena was educated; and, since childhood was shortin those days, and the inevitable choice, marriage or the cloister, had to be made early byevery girl, she was not yet in her teens before Madonna Eiisabetta was on the lookout fora suitable husband for her niece.&amp; Her choice, fell upon a certain Baldaccio, Lord of the castle of Ranco near Anghiari; oneof those condottieri who, like Sir John Hawkwood, lived by warfare, selling his sword tofirst one and then another of the rival states in that continual struggle carried on in thedisunited Italy of that day, and, when not engaged in this way, occupying himself in privateand picturesque plundering on the mountain passes. &amp; &amp; &amp;Baldaccio was at that time high in the favour of the Florentine government for the pro- wess he had displayed in their interests, and although more thnn once condenmed to deathfor violent and lawless deeds, he had always managed to make his peace with the authoritiesand was in 1437 presented by the Florentines with the freedom of the city, and, by a de- cree dated June 19th of the same year, with a house valued at four hundred florins, which,was afterwards known as Casa Annalena.&amp; This fierce young soldier was rendered no less eligible in the eyes of the match-makjngcontessa Elisabetta by his ferocious deeds and his narrow escapes from execution; and thecontract between little Annalena and her condottiere was signed on February 7th, 1438,Annalena's dowry being fixed at two thousand gold florins of " good weight and Florentinecoinage ", a list following of the houses and property of the young couple which were to besettled upon their heirs for ever, and Baldaccio being bound " never to make cause ofquarrel against his wife."&amp;SO Annalena, with her jewels and painted" cassoni" full of fine dresses and her twothousand gold florins, went to live in the house whioh the government had bestowed uponher husband, and there, a year later, a little son, Guido Antonio was born. To be fhe wife of a condottiere in those days was, however, to have but little of one'shusband's society, and for the three years after his marriage Baldaccio was engaged, some- times for and sometimes against Florence, in almost ceaseless war. &amp; But meantime, while he was fighting at a distance, his enemies were busy at home; let- ters of complaint against him sent by the feudal chiefs of the Romagna, on account of thedestruction of their crops and the violation of their homes, aroused the displeasure of theTen of War, and Baldaccio was summoned back to answer for his doings. &amp; In the old house Annalena was awaiting him with her two-year-old baby, ready to warnhim of the dangers threatening him in the city,... greater, probably, than the danger whichhe had run in the field, for his enemy, Bartolommeo Orlandini, was gonfalonier, and theaudacity of Baldaccio's conduct in the recent war had so aroused the fears of the Signoriathat they were desirous of putting him out of the way. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Some say that Orlandini had been embittered owing to the fact that Annalena had re- pulsed certain advances made by him in her husband's absense; Macchiavelli attributes hishatred to the fact that, sent with Baldaccio to guard Marradi, he basely fled, "abandoning aposition which by its nature almost defended itself;" which cowardice " disgusted Baldaccio, who hotli wrote and spoke of it in hitter terms" so that " enraged at being thus discreditted, Messer Bartolommeo burned to avenge himself, thinking he could wipe out his ownshame by the death of his accuser. &amp;&amp; But be the motive what it might, the situation was a menacing one, and the blow wasnot long deferred. On Wednesday, September 6th 1441, Baldaccio was summoned from the Piazza to thePalazzo delfa Signoria, a summons which, fearing some plot, he hesitated to obey; but finally,"after about an hour he came."The annals of the convent tell the story a little differently. According to these Baldac- cio was at home with his wife when the summons came. Both were seized with a presenttiment of evil, and the record runs that Baldaccio "turned to a Cristo which was in the roomand in mortal terror begged pardon for his sin " whereupon " the Lord bowed his head ashe hung on the cross, and it has ever remained so in our monastery to the great devotionof us all." &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;However that may be, within the hour Baldaccio had said goodbye to Annalena and takenhis last walk across the city to meet his fate.Macchiavelli gives the following account, confirmed by Canibi, Ammirati and others, ofthe way in which the plot was carried out. He relates that, having made up his mind toslay Baldaccio " Messer Bartolommeo concealed a band of armed ruffians in his chamber," and on Baldaccio's coming, as he did daily, into the Piazza to speak with the magistrates" about his engagement, the gonfalonier sent for him, and he, without misgivings, obeyed" the summons...." though this last statement is difficult to reconcile with other accounts." The gonfalonier," continues Macchiavelli, " came forward to meet him and walked" with him to and fro along the passage leading to the chambers of the Signers," talking of his engagement. But presentiy, when he thought the suitable moment" had come, being then close to the chamber in which he had posted his armed men, he sig- " nailed to them, and they, rushing out and falling upon Baldaccio, wh© was unarmed and" alone, siew him. They then from a window of the palace facing the Custom House, threw" the body to the ground, whence, carrying it to the Piazza, they cut off the head, which" for a whole day they showed as a sight to the people." &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;The headless body was carried home to poor little Annalena, waiting in an agony offoreboding for the outcome of the interview, and changed the quiet home into a house ofmourning, where the girl-wife sobbed her heart out over her dead husband, and the priestsgathered to pray for the soul of this fierce soldier who had himself met with a death assudden and violent as that which so many had met with at his hands. Then, in solemn pro- cession, with wailing chants and the hot glare of many torches, Just as one may see in Flo- rence any evening now at nightfall, they bore Baldaccio away for the last time throughthe familiar streets and iaid him in the great church of Santo Spirito, leaving Annalena toher loneliness and sorrow in the house which, but three years previously, she had enteredas a bride, jg? &amp;Baldaccio's property was confiscated by the government, but, so great was the respectin which his girl widow was held that, when she protested on behalf of her little son, allwhich had been Baldaccio's by inheritance and not by robbery was restored. &amp;&amp; But Annalena's troubles were not ended. Not long after three-year-old Guido Antoniofell ill; neither prayers nor doctors could save him, and his mother saw him, too, carriedaway on his open bier to burial, no good San Zanobi intervening, as in the case of thatmiraculous restoration of a child of the Albizi painted by Ghirlandaio, to raise him fromthe dead.Thus Annalena remained a childless widow when barely seventeen, and, refusing allsuitors presented to her, turned from a world which had dealt with her but harshly, vow- ing herself to perpetual widowhood and good works. By degrees she gathered around herother widows, solitary as herself, and these, living together, devoted themselves to charity,solacing, in the care of orphan children, their mother-hunger and the loneliness of theirhearts.Bound at first by no vows and united only by their sympathies, a desire to be definitelyenrolled in some order grew in time among the community, and in 1450 Annalena journeyedto Rome and obtained a Brief from the Pope sanctioning her to receive as cloistered nun young girls and widows desirous of separating themselves from the world under the vowsof the Third Order of penitents of St Domenic. JZ?So many gathered around Annalena on her return to Florence that, her own house nolonger sufficing, she was obliged to enlarge it and build a convent, and we find a documentdated June 12th 1458, which states that " Annalena de' Malatesti buys from Stefano diNello di Ser Bertolommeo di Ser Nello " three houses adjoining her own. A garden wasalso purchased for a hundred gold florins, and a church began to rise apace. Papal sanctionwas obtained for the celebration of mass in the convent and for the use of church bells,and by 1460 there were one hundred nuns in the new building, besides a scheol for children.How much of this work Annalena actually lived to see completed is uncertain. Thatquaint old book, the "Qsservatore Fiorentino" tell us that, "a sensitive and pure woman, shefollowed the way which sorrow showed her from earth towards Heaven about the age of twentyfive" but the foregoing documents prove her to have been buying houses and visiting Rome atthe age of thirty one, not dating her death until 1480. Whichever date be the correct one,however, certain it is that she " lived and died a saint " and that, as Macchiavelli writes,"it is by this convent founded by her and bearing her name" that "her memory lives andwill live always."After Annalena's death the convent continued to flourish, and we hear of Caterina Sforzaduring the second exile of the Medici in 1494, hiding her six-year-old son Giovanni there,under the care of the nuns, disguised as a little girl. Here the child, who was to grow intothat ferocious warrier, Giovanni delle Bande Nere, was kept and educated for eight months;and, since he grew up to be the father of Cosimo Ist and of all the Medicean line ofDukes, it may be said that the Sisterhood, in saving his life, was saving the whole race.Another person who found refuge here during the third Medicean exile in 1527 wasTommaso Soderini, who, while confusion and anarchy reigned in the streets, fled here andwas sheltered by the nuns.As may be imagined, so popular a convent would hardly be without its art treasures,and we hear among others of a Nativity painted by Fra Lippo Lippi for Annalena, in whichher brother, Fra Roberto, Knight of Jerusalem, was depicted as St Hilary. Mention has al- ready been made of the famous " Cristo " which bowed its head to Baldaccio, and whichwe may be sure would be preserved as a sacred relic by his widow; and there is also re- cord of a wonderful Virgin called " The Virgin of the Ball."&amp; In the National Library at Florence is a small book with vellum back and blue andyellow side covers of one of those quaint patterned Florentine papers to which theprocess employed in their production gave a softness and delicacy which modern imi- tations fail to attain. Here, in strange company, flanked by " The Loves of Hero and Lean- der, " by " Christian instruction on the Sacrament of Confirmation " printed at the Episco- pal Press in Pistoia in 1783, by a treatise on the " Guild of Free Masons " printed at Na- ples in 1748 and other equally incongruous matter, are sandwiched about fifty pages of whichthe title reads as follows; "Information as to the Venerable Image of Mary Virgin of theBall, for long preserved in the monastery of Annalena of Florence, collected by DomenicoM. Manni. " Beneath is a lozenge-shaped woodcut, with a design of three nails surmountedby a cross and 1. H. S. and surrounded by the inscription "In Florence, 1763, at the Pressof Pietro Gaetano Viviani, with Permission of the Superiors." The treatise is dedicated tothe Signora Maria Antinori Settimani, a benefactress of the convent, by her " most humbleservants, Sister Francesca Teresa Dati, Prioress and the Nuns of Annalena." &amp;&amp; The author in a prefatory note, explains that his researches have been undertaken atthe urgent request of the nuns, but that the material available in their archives is butscanty, owing to a disastrous fire which took place there in 1511. However, a certain amountof success he admits to having had, and therefore rejoices that he yielded to the pressingentreaties of those who united " to the purity of their blood a christian piety." Here we have evidence enough of the aristocratic character of the convent, but even ifthe writer did not assure us of the fact repeatedly, the names of the sisters recorded in thearchives are sufficient proof of the nobility of the families whose members found admit- tance among the nuns.&amp; It is easy to understand the desire of the sisterhood that researches should be made intothe history of their Madonna. Their amour-propre was wounded by the records of the mi- raculous doings of other people's Madonnas while they, owing to that lamentable fire, hadnothing of which to boast. One can imagine how each church or convent plumed itself uponthe attainments of its own Saint or Virgin, and how it rankled in the hearts of Annalena'sfollowers that their records should be so imperfect on this point. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Others, they declared, fell back on private diaries when official records were wanting.Was it not a private journal which related that on November 13th, 1506, a figure of OurLady of San Michele Berteldi had opened her lips and begun to speak of her own miracles?Had not the Madonna dei Teri, now enclosed with a holy tabernacle, done, according toanother, the same thing? and on April 15th, 1564 did not the news run through the citythat a painted image of our Lady in a shrine on the outer wall of the city between theGates of St George and St Pier Gattolino, had performed miracles? In view af all this nothingwould satisfy the nuns of Annalena but that something should be found to add to the gloryof their Madonna of the Ball, and how far success crowned their efforts may be read in thelittle volume above cited. JZ? &amp;&amp; It was, indeed, a certain legend clinging to this image which gave it its name; for, weare told that, to protect her Baby from a ball flung by a little boy, Madonna Mary caughtit and held it ever after in her hand, while, to save himself from the blow, the Holy Childpressed his face close to that off his mother, a gesture which the image ever afterwardsretained.What the precise construction of the convent was in those days it is not easy now to learn,or what exact part of the large area covered by buildings and gardens comprised the conventof Sta Chiara, which was so close to that of Annalena that we read that a little door ledfrom one to the other, and that, in consequence of a long-cherished desire felt by the nunsof the two Orders for each others' acquaintance, a solemn visit took place once a year.Later on, however, discord arose between the two communities and the door was openedno more.The contiguous part had, even early in the nineteenth century, disappeared, makingplace for a garden, but that the church of Annalena adjoined the street of Sta Mariawhich forms the northern boundary is proved by the record that it was the custom on Sa- turday nights while the office was being sung, to have the windows on to that street openso that the people of the neighbouring houses might hear and take their part. &amp; THE ARENA GOLDONI IN THE NINETEENTH CENTURY. he gentle placid life of the nuns seems to have continued until the beginning of thenineteenth century, when, after the suppression of many of the religious orders, the adjoin*ing buildings of Annalena and Sta Chiara entirely changed their aspects and their aims.We are told that " a clever and courageous intraprendente, Signor Luigi Gargani, pur- chased them with the view of founding there an establishment which should unite variouskinds of decent diversions for every season of the year," his scheme comprising an Arena,a Theatre, gardens, billiard rooms, ball rooms and other places of amusement.His first proceeding was to build a theatre for evening performances, no such thingexisting in the southern quarter of the city, and this, planned with many 'elegant additions'for the use of both the Court and the general public, was " dedicated to the immortal CarloGoldoni, from whom the whole establishment has taken its name."&amp; This theatre was opened to the public on April 7th, 1817, and in the following springthe Arena for daylight performance was also completed and opened, with houses, stablesbilliard rooms, a ball room, (adjoining the Arena and now used for the inspection of re- cruits), and a large garden with loggias and covered galleries. Indeed, the whole schemewas in accordance with the name of " Delices Goldoniano " given to the place by a writerof that period. &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;*&amp;&amp; Gargiolli writing about 1818, asserts that the Arena was built on the foundation of theconvent of Sta Chiara, an ancient religious house which, under one rule or another, datedback to the eleventh century, whereas the 'Osservatore Fiorentino' asserts that this buildingwas turned into a school. But whichever be right amongst the various historians, and whetherthe remains of pillars and carved capitals which still exist on and near the stage of the Arena be those of Annalena or of Sta Chiara, they afford tangible and indisputable evidencethat a church or cloister of one or the other of the two sisterhoods stood upon this site.&amp; The Arena was designed and built by the architect Corazzi who afterwards went to Var- sovie in the service of the Czar of Russia, and, being his first work, was a remarkable achieve- ment for so young a man. This architect was a pupil of Del Rosso by whom he was recom- mended for his honourable position in the Czar's service,... a position in which, we are told,he greatly distinguished himself.&lt;6? The description given by Gargiolii of the architectural form of the Arena is as follows,44 Le parterre, en forme de demicercle orchestra, le degres sur lesquels les spectateurs44 sont assis cunei graduorum; le portique couvert qui les entoure porticust les debouches44 qui coupent le degres aditus, tout cela est parfaitement conforme au theatre des Romains44 et doit surprendre les amateurs de I'antique qui n' entrouvent nulle part une imitation44 aussi fidele et aussi bien appuyee a nos usages. Le proscenium des anciens etait seul incom- -44 patible avec nos representations dramatiques, et c' est pourquoi on Fa remplac£ par une44 scene couverte a peu pres comme celle des Theatres modernes."Gargiolii was certainly justified in his enthusiasm over the architecture of the building.It is beautiful; and it is this beauty, possessed in so extraordinary a degree, which raises itabove almost every open air theatre of its kind which exists today. Its proportions are per- fect. Though quite large, (it seats 1500 people), one is not conscious of its size; it is wellknit together and does not sprawl like so many modern amphitheatres. Although it bearsa certain resemblance to the Coliseum of Rome, it has none of the weakness of a copy; itis the strong and original work of an original and gifted mindOf the performances given at the period of its construction there is little record, butsomething of the behaviour of the audience may be inferred from Conti's description in his44 Firenze Vecchia,, of the smaller Florentine theatres, the scenes which he records as ta- king place at the Quarconia and the Goldoni Theatre being doubtless characteristic also ofthe Arena, though probably in a somewhat modified degree, as it seems to have been in- tended for performances by day rather than by night. Still, it may have had its share ofthose evening performances at which, according to Conti, the most riotous scenes tookplace. It is true that it had been opened for the Court also to visit, but apparently suchvisits were not continued, being paid instead to the more dignified performances at thePergola,.... perhaps owing to the coarse and realistic style of play most in favour in thesmaller theatres.&amp; At these the people usually arrived early, with pots of stew or lamb, bread and flasksof wine, which they consumed in the semi-darkness that, lighted only by three or four oillamps, reigned until the curtain rose. As it was their pleasant custom during these carousalsto throw their bones and empty flasks upon the heads of those below, it can be imaginedthat this often gave rise to litigation and heated protest, and that violent scenes ensued, inwhich bones and crusts served as missiles, and the 44 reply courteous " quickly leapt theintermediate stages to the 44 lie direct. " &lt;£? &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;The performance, when at last it began, seldom consisted of one comedy or farce only,but usually of five or six things, such as a drama in six or seven acts, a pantomime, a farce,a ballet, and even a wrestling match, although at the Goldoni Theatre, and so perhaps alsoat the adjoining Arena, opera seems to have been more popular than anything else. £&gt;The theatre has always been one of the inborn passions of the Florentines, and the peopletook the keenest interest in what went on upon the stage, treating it as if it were real. A ty- rant was usually received with shouts of 44 kill him, kill him!" a victim to whom poisonwas offered with warning cries, 44 It's poison! don't drink!" while on their way home theywould discuss the crimes they had witnessed and that they longed to witness, the injusticeswhich had been perpetrated, as seriously as if it were all true instead of make-believe.These smaller theatres, probably from their democratic and realistic character, from thespectacles, managed by common minds for common minds, which they offered, were usuallyonly frequented by the lowest class of the people; riotous conduct was the rule, not theexception, and arrests were frequently necessary among the rowdy crowd whose exuberantspirits found vent in demonstrations for which 44horseplay" would be too mild a term.Indeed, at times it was only with fixed bayonets that the soldiers could repulse orcontrol the people at a11,,., a contrast to the state of things at the Pergola, which Conti describes as frequented only by the Court, the nobles and the richest and most distinguished foreigners, and as so quiet that not a fly could be heard, so orderly and solemnthat one felt as if entering a church! &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; THE ARENA GOLDONI IN THE PRESENT. A.nd now, as the quiet nuns before them, so these riotous jovial crowds have gone theirway and the Arena has entered upon another phase of its existence,... a phase of emptiness,silence, of quiet ordered activity, of preparation for great things to be.All day the imperious Tuscan sun pours down upon the circular tiers of stone seats, uponthe pillared loggia which crowns them, and upon the white walls above which cut in sharpcontrast against the intense blue of the Italian sky. From the gardens beyond comes themusic of the song-birds and a little murmur of wind-stirred leaves. The lizards bask undi- sturbed on the hot stones and run up and down the columns. The noises of the street out- side penetrate but faintly into this peaceful place, where there is no change through thelong hours save the shifting of the shadows, the drifting of clouds like white ships acrossthe blue, the alternation of the day and night. &amp;&amp; The two foremost things which strike one on entering the building are its unexpectednessand its beauty. On coming in from the narrow Florentine street the first impression created isone of exquisite surprise,... of having discovered some beautiful secret thing; such an impres- sion as is created when one passes from some dark byeway through a commonplace door ina commonplace street, and then,.... one of those wonderful Italian cloisters with their slendercolumns, their arches, their lovely fading frescoes, their green grass and pink roses, theirinviolable quiet.&amp; The next impressicn is of a profound peace, due partly to a certain quietness and dignityin the architecture, partly to the silence which reigns. &amp; &amp; jg/As the door closes the noise of the street seems to become suddenly very remote, to beseparated from one by more than a stout oaken door and a few yards of dusky passage;rather is it separated by that infinite gulf which by material calculation may be but ahand'sbreadth,... the gulf between restlessness and tranquillity, between sound and silence,between darkness and light.&amp; Since the Arena came into the possession of Mr Gordon Craig there have been no per- formances. In the large entrance hall stands his model theatre where he experiments withhis lights, his wonderful little wooden figures; but the actual stage is empty and unused.In a large vaulted room, lent by Mr Craig for the purpose, The Mash has its editorialoffices; down in the sunny courtyard the compositors ply their peaceful eraft: in one of thesmaller rooms beyond a printing press is estabiished: but, for the rest, the Arena is waiting,....waiting for plans to materialise, for ideals to be fulfilled. &amp; &amp; &amp; JZ?&amp; Mr Craig is in no hurry. Men who are occupied with great things seldom are. An ideal sobeautiful, a work so imperative, as his, is the guarantee of its own fulfilment. Time and allother forces must, one feels, become subject to so indomitahle a purpose, so undeviatingan aim.The man is ready; the place is ready; the idea is ready. All that is now needed is thecourageous capitalist who shall come forward with the golden key which shall unlock thedoor of that future where so much beauty waits. &amp; THE ARENA GOLDONI IN THE FUTURE. And what of that Future? Well, it is a subject which i will leave to be treated of fullyby those better qualified than I to speak of it. Something, however, I have learned of MrCraig's intention, and so may give if but a hint of this.He intends to found a school there, a school of the Art of the Theatre such as has never before existed. It will be an ideal society organised for the accomplishment of an ideal work. Allover Europe are men scattered here and there, working in the different theatres, but wait- ing ; ready on the moment when that little miracle of the capitalist shall have been work- ed, to leave what they are doing and come and group themselves around the man in whom the hopes of the European theatre find at once their centre and their guarantee.Here, for several years, they will study to perfect themselves in the crafts pertainingto that which, in his writings, Mr Craig has told us that he means by the Art of theTheatre. Then, when the preparation time is over, their means perfected, they will begintheir public work. &amp;Certain hints as to the methods they will adopt have already reached us through MrCraig's recent writings in The Mask. &amp;From those we may gather that here, under his rule, realism and artificiality will find noplace: that redundant and petty detail will be excluded, obtrusive personality subdued: thatwe shall witness symbolism rather than imitation, suggestion rather than statement, thatthe intention will be to insist more upon the ideal than the actual, and, by poetry and sig- nificant action, to convey impressions rather than chronicle facts. We know that herewill be dispelled the illusion that the artist of the theatre must be the actor or the poetor the painter, for instead of these being called in to give their assistance; the work donewill be entirely independent, created for the Theatre by Artists of the Theatre, and thuspossessing a harmony impossible where that which is set before us is a patchwork of theproductions of many minds... &amp; &amp;&amp; Mr Craig's idea of an artist of the Theatre is, as he has told us repeatedly, a man whocontains in himself all those gifts possessed by stage manager, actor, scene painter, costu- mier, and electrician, and who adds to all these the gifts of a poet; a man who can useand control, for the expression of his own idea, sounds, colours, gestures, lights, figuresjust as the musician makes use of alternating notes and silences, the poet of words, thepainter of line and colour, light and shade. &amp;It is with the intention of training such artists as these that Mr Craig has taken theArena and intends to found his school. &amp;What will be the result upon the public when the time comes for their first represen- tations it is not hard to surmise. A part of their work will certainly amaze and a part itwill probably amuse; but there will be a certain number scattered here and there over Europewho will understand, and who, owing to these artists, may find Florence become in a newsense, the home of Beauty, the centre from which a new revelation of it shall be given tothe world.£/ And is not the Arena, of all others, by its history as well as by its architectural quali- ties, the ideal place for this renaissance of the Art of the Theatre? For is not Mr Craig'sideal for the Theatre of Future that it shall be a place no less sacred in its character, noless uplifting in its influence on the national life, than a church? so is there not, therefore,something peculiarly fitting in the fact that this home of the Theatre of the Future shouldhave beenformerly a church?&amp; Here those women of a past day sought sanctuary from the sorrows and discords of theworld. Here we shall seek sanctuary from the blatant realism and commercialism of themodern stage. Here, sick of artificiality, we shall find the simplicity and sincerity which arethe attributes of Beauty; the symbolism which satisfies our imagination instead of the realismwhich bruises and the superfluity of detail which stifles it; here, through our eyes, we shallreceive that sacrament of Beauty which shall refresh and purify our hearts. £/As I sit upon the stage and write this the shadows are deepening about the lofty pillarsand the arches. So strong is the spell of the past that almost they seem the black figuresof Annalena and her nuns lingering in the cloisters where, at this hour, they must haveso often passed to vespers. The sudden cry of a child cuts the silence. It might be that oflittle Giovanni of the Black Bands, turbulent and passionate even in his baby days. £&gt;The brief twilight fades, the luminous green of the sky has turned to sapphire, in whicha few great stars are throbbing like jewels on the breast of night. The rising moon sharpensthe shadows in the loggia opposite and transfigures the stained plaster of the walls and co- lumns until they seem as if built of pearl. In a cypress in the gardens beyond a nightingaleis singing. Tranquillity and loveliness dominate the scene. It is a place shut in from theugly, the restless, the noisy and vulgar; full of silence; open only to the wind and rain, tothe sun and moon and stars.Here, watching the encroaching shadows, one may dream undisturbed, peopling these quietspaces with the creatures of imagination, the figures of a long past day; with Annalena the young widow who founded here her convent, and Corazzi, the young architect who achievedhere his first work, and many many more. They are all gone now, as today's shadows willbe gone tomorrow, but their work remains; that which they touched and looked upon yetsurvives.Perhaps it is some trace of the cloistered spirit of those many nuns which yet lingershere and which gives such charm, so peaceful an atmosphere, to the place.Ah, indeed, there can be few more beautiful theatres in the world than this! It is idealand stirs ideal emotions; and, since it is the prerogative of the artist not merely to createbeauty but to increase and develop that already existent, the degree of his power beingmeasured by his capacity for so doing, of what will this place not prove capable in thehands of so supreme an artist as Mr Gordon Craig? &amp;At that thought the illusion of the past fades a little: it is, instead, the spell of the fu- ture which dominates and holds. The place, for all its tranquillity, seems to be awaitingsomething. It is the destined beauty: and, since destiny is strong, the issue leaves littleroom for doubt. It seems almost as inevitable as the past is sure. &amp; &amp;&amp; Mr Craig's purposes are the outcome of long practise and profound research. He has stu®died well the details of his organisation; he has foreseen contingencies, he has balancedpossibilities. The scheme is ready; it awaits, like a ship in dock, the hand which shall cutits cable and launch it upon the seas. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;And who shall do this ?Well, there are many rich men, and some of them are courageous and ready to supportcourageous enterprises, and there are even some who understand that Beauty is as worthyan investment, and, in a profound sense, as profitable a one, as railway shares or mines.&amp; Of course such men are rare: but the world has not grown so old yet that courageand generosity and large interests and noble enthusiasms are dead, or that all these qua®lities may not at times be found united in the person of a millionaire. &amp; J&amp;&amp; One of these days such a capitalist will pass by the Arena, and pause, and give the ne®cessary magical touch with his golden wand, and, so at length work the last little miracleneeded to bring realisation to hopes, fulfilment to purposes and actuality to dreams, &amp; &amp; The oldFlorentines The permanenceof the past. &amp; The ArenaGoldonu 4? &amp; Annalena, &amp; Baldaccio. The Marriage. Baldaccio* sdeath. &amp; Macch lav elli} saccount. A girl widow. &amp; The founding ofthe convent. &amp; &amp; Somerefugees. Art Treasures. £&gt; The Madonnaof the Ball. Qardani's scheme. The Performan- ces. J&amp; &amp; The Audience, A riotous crowd. Its Beauty. The Mask, ~ A School, &amp; Its work andaims. &amp; The spell ofthe past. The future. A " courageouscapitalist. Mr FROHMAN'S LAST CONFESSION by John Balance. I am referred to I am always spoken of as an exemplary businesss man. Now1 think that is about the last thing in the world that lam ". &amp; J&amp; &amp;Daily Mail, May Ist, 1909We always suspected it. We knew Mr Frohman was not an artist and now he confes- ses to what we had feared,... that he is no business man. &amp;Then what exactly is Mr Frohman ? Nobody knows now. Some had dreamed a fairdream that Mr Prohman was the ideal business man, but he himself denies it. Mr Prohmancan now leave the Theatre with a clear conscience, for we want no men in the Theatrewho are confessedly unbusinesslike and obviously inartistic. &amp;Still, 44 I like reading plays and buying plays and producing plays " sobs Mr Frohman afterhaving admitted his incompetence. And let us add that he likes lowering the standard ofa once noble institution.And just because he likes doing all this as an idler does, without being able to giveany good reason why he does it, he is as a worthless and degenerate derelict in the The- atrical seas and search parties should be formed by the Admiralty,... by Messrs Collins,Tree, Alexander, Maude and Harrison, and the poor thing should be secured and blown upas speedily as possible.&amp; The Germans have warned us about this Frohman danger. Our own experts have war- ned us also; and if you will ask most of the leading European stars they too will warn youagainst this gentleman at large who confesses to his inability as a business man. &amp; &amp;&amp; What do the stars want with a business man who ruins their business for them ? Thepathos of the situation of a man who has spent his life making mistakes in the Theatre isaugmented by this trembling confession of the reasons which have induced him to so greata folly "I like reading plays, buying plays, producing plays."If Mr Prohman reads a few plays it will do nobody any harm. Brown or Smith can doso also, and for the cost of a few shillings. And buying plays is only a little more expensive.As for producing plays, has Mr Frohman produced a play in his life? We believe that hehas not and cannot; and, being incapable, he is obliged to employ others to do his work of44 producing.Compare, for instance, Mr Frohman with Mr Arthur Collins, and you soon see what isthe difference between an amateur and a professional. &amp;Mr Arthur Collins has worked his way from the position of call-boy to that of managerof Drury Lane,... and without any skipping of the difficulties. Mr Collins is a well-equippedmanager and understands all the crafts which he employs to produce his effects. He can writeyou a play if necessary; act you a difficult part, rehearse two hundred supers with success*design and paint with his own hands any scenes he may need,... and added to all this is ashrewd man of affairs. The net result is Old Drury,... a national asset. &amp; &amp;It is Mr Collins who should be given the control of the many London Theatres whichMr Frohman plays about with. &amp;Why? Because Mr Collins is an Englishman and thorough, and because Mr Frohmanbeing an American and 44 more of a sentimentalist than a business man " could possiblybe of great value in his own land, but is valueless or worse in ours. £/ &amp; What isMr Froliman. Mr ArthurCollins. Mr BERNARD SHAW AND THE CENSOR by John Semar eally Mr Bernard Shaw's quarrels grow somewhat tiresome*He has nagged at everything which is beautiful and Beautyhas turned the cold shoulder to him. He is unable to createa work of Beauty,... a work of Art. And now in sheer des- peration he begins to nag at the Censor, and, what is quiteintolerable, at His Majesty the King. £?We hate this: and certainly his attitude in no way reflectsthe feeling of the theatre towards our Monarch or his wishes.It reflects instead a certain nasty socialism which the loversof Shakespeare and Great Britain cannot tolerate. &amp; £?Mr Shaw is, in short, a most nasty traitor. Unable tounderstand Beauty, and unable to create a work of Beauty through lack of a certain nobility of spirit which has since time immemorial possessed thegreat artists, he vents his spleen on us all, creating thereby works of mischief. Mr Shawwould have been imprisoned long ago in any other land than England, and everyone wouldhave rejoiced.&amp; It is of no use for him to attempt to excuse himself as he does so weakly in 4&lt;The Times"of May 29, and we consider that he has committed an unpardonable act as a British subjectand one utterly unworthy of a man of letters. &amp;&amp; The Censor is a blessing; his task a most difficult one which he carries out to the best ofhis ability. He saves us from the infection of Mr Shaw's most lurid plays and we are grate- ful for this. Mr Shaw, instead of being grateful, instead of learning a lesson thereby, andattempting to write a beautiful play on any of the numberless themes at the disposal of atrue dramatist, must go out of his way to select themes easily to be handled by a journa- list of socialistic tendencies,... ugly themes entirely unfit for poets or playwrights of distinc- tion. It is a confession of weakness: it proves that the socialist in Mr Shaw is strongerthan the playwright.A great lesson this, of which the moral is, never to be discontented with that which youdo not understand but to try and understand it. If you can't, to confess yourself asincapable.But rather than do this Mr Shaw jeers at Royalty and its wisdom and shrieks in 44 TheTimes" like any Suffragette damsel of forty five. &amp;&amp; Mr Shaw talks of the power behind the Censor and hints that this power is possessedof stupidity. What can be the influence behind Mr Bernard Shaw? Can it be socialism,., oris it something else? Mr Shaw's voice at times is certainly very feminine. &amp; &amp; The censor ablessing, &amp; &amp; A gieat lesson W. M. Rossetti. As language in its noble use reveals, and in its ignoble use conceals, the thought of thespeaker,- so Art has its two phases, analogous yet with a difference. It does not aim at em- bodying Nature and nothing else, for Nature has already embodied herself better than anycopy can do it for her. The true aim of Art is to embody a man's thought concerning Na- ture. It will be successful or unsuccessful according as it penetrates to her essence orskims her surface ; but, either way, it will be genuine and is not ignoble. It becomesignoble when, instead of revealing a man's thought about Nature, it conceals his wantof thought about her. When Art is in her dotage, you may still find in her plenty of infor- mation about Nature... more than before, after a certain manner; but the thought is bestow- ed upon the mere art and the artist.... what he can do for self-display, or to resembleanother man's art, or not to resemble it.&amp; The thought which the Egyptians derived from Nature most absorbingly and expressedmost distinctly, was that of repose. To their eyes, assuredly, Nature was not 44 a perpetualflux" but a perpetual endeavour towards rest. The endeavour was the dust of the race, therepose its crown. THE MASK OF THE BOOK SELLER. BOOK REVIEWS IS SHAKBSPBARB DBAD ? by MarkTwain. Harper Brothers. Price sj6 £&gt;|ark Twain asserts that Shakespeare ne- ver existed and then asks if he is dead.£&gt; Mark Twain having evidently been atschool as a boy with Sir Francis Bacon, andhaving certain prejudices against the actorsof England, decides that no low rogue or va- gabond could have written 'Hamlet' and 'KingLear.' He thinks these miracles are only to beachieved by lawyers or well-to-do educatedgentlemen like Sir Francis. £?£? We are amongst those who hold fast toour dreams where we can, and like to takeour poetry as seriously as we take our dreams.So that Mark Twain's delightful nonsensedoes not justify us in taking him at all se- riously, especially as we hear on good autho- rity that he is now occupied in writing ano- ther delicious work proving that if Shake- speare never existed; he, Mark Twain, cannotdie. £/ £?£1 Nevertheless, the great humourist has be- come so fine, so subtle in his humour, thatthe whole reading world is taking his bookon Shakespeare seriously. A brilliant world!A shrewd and profound world! £?What does it matter what hand or namewrote the wonderful plays? Who do the sta- tues in Egypt represent? Rameses or who, isthis? and that, who? Kings erased the namesfrom statues which they fancied and hadtheir own cut in place of them; and who caresand what does it matter? No one loses therebyt It is the sculpture we care about andnot the name, and so it is with the plays ofShakespeare. £?£?£?£&gt;A nation must be growing very degeneratethat loses this sense of the true value ofbeauty,.... believing that it lies in the name,not in the work. &amp;? £/49 Seriously to contend on either side in thisidiotic controversy is not the particular follywe English should care to indulge in. It isperfectly just and admirable that Americansshould act so and they will without doubt prove that Bacon wrote the plays Andthen ?..? Having broken rudely into anotherdream of ours, they will prove that dreamsthemselves have no existence and that ourlittle life is not rounded by anything moresleepy than a certain American vulgarity.^ TUB AMERICAN STAG® OB TODAY byWalter Pritchard Baton. Small, Maynardand Co. Boston. &amp; £&gt; &amp;In this volume of collected essays, most ofwhich are reprinted, though with numerouschanges and additions, from "The New YorkSun," Mr Eaton proves himself a clever wri- ter even when faced by that supreme diffi- culty, a foolish or uncongenial theme. For onwhat rubbish is it often the unhappy lot ofthe Dramatic Critic to discourse, how trivialand wearisome is much that he must witnessand conscientiously criticise, (if he be, as MrEaton evidently is, conscientious in his work;)how disheartening must be the outlook forthe man who has dreams of the theatre asan Art, not merely as an amusement or atrade. £/ £/ £&gt;£? In his Preface Mr Eaton touches on theTheatrical Syndicate and his reason for nottreating of it in his book. 'lf,' he writes, "in" a work on the current stage in America, I" have said nothing about the so-called" Theatrical Syndicate, it is not because I" am indifferent to its considerable, though" somewhat exaggerated evils. It is a subject" that does not belong to the critic of aesthe- " tics. It is but a part of a vaster economic" condition. The competitor in theatrical ma- " nagement will after all fare quite as well" as the competitor in 0i1,... if not betterPerhaps so; but thank Heaven, never fohlong, for while oil is always in demand, vulga- rity is so only for a decade, and we look for- ward to a day, not far distant, when the worldshall be in love with beauty, and the falsegod of vulgar realism be deposed.Mr Eaton's studies cover a wide and variedground as may be seen by the titles of someof his papers: "Sophocles in the Back Yard,"(which treats of the "Electra" of the poet Hof- mannsthal): "Parnasuss versus the Public","Nazimova as the Lady Lisa", "Our LeadingActor ", " Kisses and David Belasco ", " TheRough Diamond as Hero ", " The Servant inthe House", "Where is our Drama of '76","Audiences ", " Observation in the Drama "and many more. The plays, players, traditions,tendencies of the American stage, about allthese Mr Eaton has something to say, and often something of value, and we cordiallyrecommend this book to those interested inthe life and work of the Theatre in America,.,or rather, in America's greatest centre, inNew York. &amp; &amp; &amp; A TYPICAL SHAKLSPKARE STAG%by Victor E. Albright M.A. KnickerbockerPress, New York. &amp; &amp; &amp;In this pamphlet, which forms the thirdchapter of a study, Mr Albright treats of theformation and working of the Shakespeareanstage. In any discussion of this stage, howe=&gt;ver, the first point to emphasize is that it wasfor the Shakespearean period; the next, whe- ther it will stand the test of time as well as theplays do and serve our use today as its advo- cates would assert, or whether it was notrather a makeshift. We believe this latter tobe the case, for the main need, the matterof radical importance, in a stage, is that itshould be in harmony with the play or per- formance to take place thereon, and thisharmony we do not find existing betweenthe plays of Shakespeare and the constructionof the Elizabethan stage. &amp; &amp;Now in saying this we must not be mis- understood, nor must our readers jump to theconclusion that, if we do not favour thisShakespearean stage we favour the "Illusion"stage. That "Illusion" is a vaguo word, a wordfull of deception. With modern managers,...with Mr Tree, for instance,., it means 'decep- tion'. Mr Tree would 'deceive' his audiencesby what he sets before them. It is the oldconjurer's trick again. Shakespeare wouldinstead take them into his spiritual world,the world of his Imagination. This is Prospe- ro's way. The difference is enormous, thedistinction obvious. &amp;No, the so called " Shakespearean " stage,and the modern Illusive stage both are bad intheir several ways.What then is good? &amp;Now here we come to the thing which puz- zles everyone. What is the Riddle? A simpleone to ask and even so simple to answer.It is the old Spanish egg over again. &amp;The Riddle put to us is this: If you have aPlay, such as 'Hamlet' for instance, with twentyscenes, some taking place in open air, someunder a roof, some in one open place, somein another, how are you going to suggest thisto the eyes of the audience and to theirimagination on one stage without severaldifferent scenes ? JS? &amp; &amp;&amp; The answer given by the Elizabethan Stage Society with Mr Poel at its head is thatShakespeare knew how to do it and our bestplan is to go back and gather as much infor- iiiation as the incomplete records can give us.Mr Tree's answer as representing the Illusion-Realism School is that Shakespeare being aman of the world and a good business manto boot would keep up to date and would givethe Public what the critics say the Publicwants; that Shakespeare would be "only tooglad, old chap" to have his plays run for twohundred nights at a stretch and would acceptany plan of achieving this which the managercould devise. Therefore he would willinglywitness his plays being performed beforetwenty different realistic scenes which wouldswiftly switch the beholders' thoughts fromone idea on to another. From " Battlementsand a rising moon, etc, etc," to "A Palacewith tapestries copied from the originals,etc, etc." &amp;&amp; Neither of these gentlemen solves the rid*die. The first begs the question and humsand haws nervously. The second, winking theeye which is fixed upon the main chance, outof a full heart beating with love and tenderremembrance of 'Our great William, thatever glorious master of stage craft, etc etc,"proudly and generously proposes to makeShakespeare pay at all costs. &amp;And the cost is great. The cost is the lossof the play.&amp; Now let us turn to Mr Victor E. AlbrightM. A. to learn why Shakespeare chose tochange the "place" so often in his plays andwhat reason he had in so doing.The rapid changes in Shakespeare's plays" from a room to a street, or a council cham- " ber to a battle field, were not so construc- " ted because the dice fell in that manner," but because he was writing for a certain" form of stage with a fixed method of staging" in mind. It is strange how completely all" this has been forgotten." &amp;Now we are not going to disagree withMr Albright as to what Shakespeare had 'inhis mind' when writing the plays, nor to takeup the position held up by Goethe when hesaid that Shakespeare never thought of thestage at all. We are content to accept MrAlbright's explanation as representing theconviction of the students of the Shakespearestage; so that we are also convinced, like MrAlbright, that Shakespeare was writing for" a certain form of stage with a fixed me- thod of staging in his mind ". The italicsare ours. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; But will Mr Albright be so bold as to saywhat form of stage and what fixed methodwas in Shakespeare's mind? &amp; &amp;&amp; When a thinker wishes to concentrate histhought he gazes upon that which is leastconfusing to the eye,... a flat toned wall, astretch of sea, a sky. Does Mr Albright believethat Shakespeare saw in his mind's eye thislittle stage with its two pillars and its coupleof curtains while writing 'King Lear'? If thisis what he saw when he commenced hisdreams we venture to state that those pillarsand curtains stretched and grew to whateversize and shape he wished as his dream advan- ced* And therefore we are willing to acceptMr Albright's theory that the 'form' and the'method' of stage and staging were whatShakespeare desired, and on this basis weoffer our solution of the Riddle which hasnot yet been answered. &amp; &amp;jSf If you would stage 'Hamlet' with its twentyscenes so as to be in harmony with thethoughts of the play, the form of the stageand the method of staging must be thatwhich Shakespeare desired. You must haveone scene, one place, and that scene or placewhether made of marble, wood or wool mustbe capable of changing its shape and tonewithout removing it and replacing it by ano- ther. Therefore you must not alter the thingitself, the marble, wood or wool; that mustremain where it is ever before your eyes. Youmust change its character; you must, in short,invent a scene of many moods, a living thing;not merely a dead woollen curtain, two deadElizabethan or Victorian pillars, a couple ofdoors. You must invent a background whichis as full of moods as the sea. In front of thatyou must erect a built up place with as manyreminiscenes as a once-loved home, and insteadof doors of this or that period you must inventplaces for exits and places for entrances.Shakespeare's men and women really do notcall upon the door knobs to act; they call uponthe exits and entrances to open as they pass.&amp; We are prepared to advance that the scenewhich Shakespeare had in his mind whenwriting his plays is the same scene which allpoets have in their minds,... that place ofDestiny which they fill with their loved chil- dren. &amp; £&gt; &amp;jg&gt; That such a place should be made palpa- ble to sight as well as to our mind's eye iswhat we ask.&amp; Mr Albright's book is thorough and mostscholarly. He prepares the way for the stagemanager of the future, and for this we ten- der him our gratitude. &amp; &amp; &amp;The Oiigin of the Sense of Beauty by FelixClay. Smith, Flder, ptice 67- &amp; &amp;There is much which is thoughtful and valua- ble in this volume, and a carefully arrangedindex and list of the books referred to addsto its usefulness from the student's point ofview.Chapters are devoted to "The Psychologyof Sensations and Feeling," 44 Emotions andInstincts ", 44 The Origin of Instinctive Preferrences," "Colour and Rhythm," "The Artist"," Meaning and Expression ", " Inspiration,"and "Art and Life"; and, since in a brief noticeit is impossible to do more than note thesetitles, we give one or two extracts whichwill themselves attest to the interest of thework."At the present day art has become so con- fused with skill in drawing and painting thata moderate degree of dexterity in either ispopularly supposed to make the possessor,ipso facto, an artist; we cannot even teachdrawing in a school without its being calledart teaching; although such drawing is inreality a simple and useful piece of technicalskill, having the same relation to art asreading and writing to literature. So accusto- med have we become to this feeling that thereis some quality peculiar to painting and draw- ing, that many people, when they find them- selves looking at a picture, at once put ona special attitude, not unlike that which theyput on with their Sunday clothes in goingto church; the result is an unnatural state ofmind, and they are reduced to an effort tojudge intellectually what fails to move thememotionally, and fails largely, because of thetraining and habit of mind which has taughtthem to dissociate what they call "works ofart'' from any sort of natural feeling andeverj'day life. Perfectly natural expression offeeling would no doubt do something toimprove art; and iff people would say at oncewhat they felt, instead of stopping to thinkwhether they ought or ought not to admire,there would be some chance of art at leastbeing expressive of the general feeling."&amp; And again, in the concluding chapter on"Art and Life,""We see with ever renewedforce that our evils are due to disharmonies;we turn to science to help us, but her aid,though it may be sure is slow. Religion, meta- physics, philosophy, each offers us a solution,and some find peace, there. To all, art, withher power of creating beauty, offers her solace; she is nature's spokesman and inter- preter, and so we send the artist hack andback to nature. If he cannot tell us the way,he can at least create an ideal world for us,in which we may catch a glimpse of a pureand a perfect harmony, a momentary resting- place in the never-ending struggle to realise,with full understanding, 44 Nature's unchan- ging harmony." BOOKS, JOURNALS AND MAGAZINESRECEIVED. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; " The Appreciation of the Drama " by Charles Caffin.Baker and Taylor Co. " Joseph and his Brethren "by Charles Wells. Henry Frowde. &amp; " Songs of EnglandAvraking " by George Barlow. H.J. Glaisher. £&gt; " OtherDays " by William Winter. Moffat Yard and Co." The Life of Henry Irving " by Austin Brereton. Long- mans and Co. " Criminal Types in Shakespeare " byA. Goll. Methuen. &amp; " Patcola " by Ena Fitzgerald.Greening and Co. '* The Famulus of Terence " Ed:by John Sargeaunt and A. G. S. Raynor. Clarenden Press.&amp; " The American Stage of Today " by W. P. Eaton.Small, Maynard and Co. " The Origin of the Senseof Beauty " by Felix Clay. Smith, Elder and Co. &lt;£?" Is Shakespeare Dead? " by Mark Twain .Harper Bros." The Tragedy of St Elizabeth of Hungary " by ArthurDillon. Elkin Matthews. &amp; " Buried Herculaneum byE. R. Barker, A and C. Black. &amp; " A Pageant of theItalian Renaissance " by Thos Wood Stevens. Art Insti- tute. Chicago. &amp; " Shakespeare " by Walter Raleigh.Macmillan. &amp; " The Playhouse and the Play " by PercyMackay. Macmillan Co. &amp; " Handbuch der Kostum- kunde " W. Quicke. Verlag von J. J. Weber, Leipzig." La PSque des Roses " by Touny-Lowys. " Le Livrede D6sir " by Charles Demange. Mercure de France.The Studio. What's On. Referee. Bookshelf. AtlanticMonthly. London. Die Schaubuhne. Berlin. &amp; LeTSmoin. Paris. Rivista di Roma. Roma. &amp; La Ma- schera, Naples. Argus. Helsingfors. &amp; Scene Sztur- ka. Warsaw. JS? Harpers. Dramatic Mirror. New York.&amp; Book News Monthly. Conservator. Philadelphia.Ord och Blld, Arktos, Stockholm. &amp; Papyrus. EastOrange. N. J. &amp; The Bibelot. Portland. U. S. A. &amp;Teatro Illustrato. &amp; &amp; &amp; FOREIGN NOTES LONDON G. N. iVir Herbert Trench has decided to open theRepertory Theatre in September next with44 King Lear." Mr Norman McKinnel will beproducer-in-chief to the Repertory Theatre.This announcement has reached me today,June 2nd, which leaves but three monthsfrom now until September 3rd, and threemonths in which to produce 44King Lear" isnot long. Even allowing for postponementuntil September 30th it leaves only fourmonths, two of which are holiday months.Learning this I begin to have doubts aboutthe seriousness of this amazing Repertory Theatre which can produce one of Shake- speare's most profound plays in four months.If I am not mistaken it took Henry Irving alifetime to produce this piece, and the actualwork in the theatre took eight months. &amp;jgr Mr Trench probably thinks that by dispen- sing with Romantic scenery he has made thetask easier,... as if scenery or no scenerymade any difference to the stupendous un- dertaking.I feel inclined to agree with Mr GordonCraig, who holds that it is impossible to pro- duce these plays upon the stage, yet who alsoholds that, if you produce them at all youmust do so in as Romantic a manner as pos- sible. Shakespeare is not an Aeschylus; no,nor so hard a playwright as the author of44 Everyman"; nor so cold a master as thoseearlier Chinese writers. Shakespeare is distinctly Romantic; often vulgar in colour, break- ing all laws; and I hold that when we pro- duce him on the stage we should try to matchhis Romance and his lawlessness as well aswe can. It is true we cannot always keeppace with his extravagant stride, but we musttry to do so, and must not put our telescopeto our blind eye and say we can't see theShakespearean signal. &amp; &amp;The manner of Shakespeare is what is cal- led the grand Romantic manner; it is not thedry-as-dust manner, not the classic manner.&lt;£? I am eager to see what Messrs Trench,McKinnel, Poel and Co will make of "KingLear" in four months, attempting to please,let us say, even five thousand London men and women. &amp; &amp; R. S. IVLr Forbes Robertson has lent his goodheart to the services of the English Suffra- gette movement. He has been making speechesliterally throbbing with pathos about themad women. &amp;What the ladies of England will say to thisone dreads to think,... for Mr Forbes Robert- son once swore unalterable loyalty to them.Ah, it's a fickle heart that ye're weering anyer sleeve, Mister Rabertson !Mr Beerbohm Tree hasn't lent his heart tothe cause.Miss Ellen Terry, it is believed, holds verystrong reasons for supporting the votes forwomen movement, but at the time of goingto print we understand these reasons are not quite clear. PARIS "H. B. Dramaticus," the amiable writer in the Lon- don Graphic wrote some little time ago, (it was in April I think), about the need for pay®ing actors for rehearsing. He mentioned thecase of Miss Marie Dressier and her two weeksrun after five weeks rehearsing. &amp;We entirely agree with " Dramaticus " inwhat he says in many of his notes, but he iswrong in saying that "Any play can be gotready in three or four weeks. &amp;Any scratch performance could be perpe- trated in three or four hours for that matter.The English managers have taught theactors and their other employes that fourweeks is long enough to do the trick in, andtherefore it is the general opinion in the Eng- lish theatre that a four weeks standard is ahigh one.&amp; We should be inclined to believe that eightweeks was an unreasonably short time andfour months a fairly reasonable length oftime. Yet some plays might need six months,a year, or even longer to rehearse, and weare not alone in the opinion that rehearsalsof plays should continue until a play is per- fect. That is generally a longer time than ittakes to get a play •• ready ". &amp;By the way, why does the Graphic employwriters who mix up fashionable Hats and Art,Politics, and the rest in one column of incor- rect information ? &amp; «&lt;£&gt; &amp;&amp; Page 472 of the Graphic is almost epochmaking in this respect. Thus we have "Hatsto hide under," "The Naval Crisis and theWoman," Isadora Duncan and Queen Alex- andra, this all coming under the heading"Place aux Dames." &amp; &amp;&amp; We are here only concerned with the in- correctness of the paragraph relating to MissDuncan. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Here is the Paragraph: "Where Englandcomes first.1' I,a Duncanisme. &amp; &amp;Last season we discovered Maud Allen onour own responsibility. (1) Maud Allen neverwent to Paris, but the bare feet and GrecianUrn idea (2) had another exponent there inIsadora Duncan.(3) who thrilled vast audienceslong after (4) Salome and the Spring Songhad become an old story to British audiences.(5) In Paris also la Duncanisme has had itsday. (6) But the credit of the classic cult (7) if credit there be, is ours. (1) Truly an awful responsibility; but even a greater oneto shift it on to any other nation.(2) Possibly has some connection with the awful respon- sibility.(3) The writer, having been correct if foolish, now be- comes incorrect and foolish. It is incorrect to speak of MissDuncan as another exponent of the barefoot and Grecianurn idea,... and it is foolish.(4) Possibly a slip of the pen. The writer meant " beforeTo be quite accurate the writer should have used both " before " and " after(5) Frequenters of the Palace Music Hall cannot be calledBritish audiences by anyone at all patriotic.(6) Allow us to give the lie direct to this almost culpablestatement.(7) " Classic cult ". We are unable to trace the meaningof this; possibly indicates something objectionable; aquack medicine, perhaps, and the credit of having disco*vered and tasted and liked it may certainly be claimedby the writer of the paragraphin the Graphic, EDITORIAL NOTES. J.S. congratulate Sir Herbert BeerbohmTree on his knighthood. This honour willbecome him well. &lt;&amp;&amp;&amp;?&amp;want to know if any of our readers cananswer the six questions which we havereceived from one of our subscribers. &amp;We respectfully request that ladies shallrefrain from repilyng to these questions forthe reason that we are loath to put any strainwhatever upon them,... and then we are surethey would not know what they were writingabout, or why; also because we know thatthey are too well occupied to trouble theirbeautiful heads about such trifles. &amp;On the other hand women called Suffra- gettes may do as they please,... and Heavenhelp them! &amp;&amp; These are the questions. &amp;&amp; i. Why does an audience in a theatre screamand roar to express their pleasure, when ina gallery of pictures they remain silent toexpress the same pleasure ?&amp; 2. Are there any theatres in Europe whereapplause fails to bring the actors before thecurtain? &amp;3. Is a beautiful woman thrown away uponthe stage? j£&gt;&amp; 4. Why were not the Greek women of thetime of Aeschylus, Sophocles, and Euripides,and why were not the Englishwomen of thetime of Shakespeare, actresses?5. is Tradition valueless? &amp;&amp; 6. Can such a thing exist as an unpracti- cal artist? &amp; &amp;The two Repertory Theatres promised toLondon by Mr Frohman and Mr Herbert Trench will be sure to prove the need forreforming the stage "altogether," for it ishe hoped that these to two Repertory Thea- tres will reform the stage " indifferently. "We do not the use the word Reform in anymora! sense, nor do we believe any Reform ofthe Art can be accomplished until Mr Frohmanor Mr Trench has found an artist of strongbeliefs and methods to do the reforming forthem. J® &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Mr Frohman has Mr Barker, and a moredelightful stage manager could hardly befound to control what the Frohman LondonRepertory Theatre is sure to be;... but a de- lightful stage manager is quite a differentkind of being from an artist of strongly mar- ked personality. je&gt; &amp; &amp;&amp; We are not sorry to see Mr Barker joiningthe degenerate forces of Mr Frohman, for MrBarker will have a chance, and Mr Frohmana last chance. &amp; &amp;About Mr Trench's programme for his Reper- tory Theatre we have received a little morenews than about Mr Frohman's venture. MrFrohman and his works we know, and we arealways sorry that he does not confine hisbrilliant blunders to some more banal trade,such, for example, as the selling of butter.About Mr Trench himself as yet we knowlittle or nothing, Someone says he is an Irishpoet, " another he says, Nay I &amp;" He's just a rolling vagabond"That's lost his roguish way."But we would likq to have heard a littlemore about Mr Trench's policy:... what he in- tends to do, why, and how he intends to do it.In his theatre we learn that Mondays areto be reserved for the revival of ElizabethanTheatricals; Tuesdays, Modern playlets, orsomething else; Wednesdays, Poetic Drama,and the rest of the days good old commercialstuff. But this announcement does not en- lighten us as to the policy he will pursue,...how the theatre will be administered, howthe stage will be governed, and how thetreatment of these two branches of the workwill differ here from the way in which thesame branches are treated in other theatres.&amp; We hear that Mr Trench has a great sumof money behind him,... and of course moneycan do a great deal; it can do much good ormuch harm,.... in such a case it generallydoes much harm. For money is inclined tosuppose that it can dispense with brains, andeveryone in a theatre takes it far moreeasily where there is a great deal of moneyto spend; for, why waste brains they say, when you can waste money? &amp; &amp;Still, it is too early in the day to complain.Mr Trench will probably make use of the enor- mous amount of talent which is at presentidly kicking its heels in England, He Will pos- sibly make use of only English talent, Englishplays, English playwrights, English stage ma- nagers and English ideas. &amp;&amp; This reminds us of a rumour which hasreached us and which cannot be true,... thatMr Trench is about to found his English Re- vival of English Stage Art by appealing forhelp from Germany, France and Russia.If such a report should prove to have theslightest foundation it would foe so utterlydisgraceful that the theatre and its manage- ment could at once be put down as incom- petent. J£&gt; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; We hope, however, that the report is notto be credited, and until we ascertain furtherabout it we shall take it that Mr Trenchintends to act like an Englishman and notlike a German. &amp;And even the Germans do not go so far asreport says Mr Trench intends to do, for heis reported to have the intention of importingproductions wholesale,... that is to say, theplay, the ideas of acting it, staging it andlighting it, from abroad. Our informationcomes from England and we have yet to ascer- tain from abroad if the report has any foun- dation. &amp;For the rest we regret Mr Trench's weak- ness in falling back on Revived Period Pro- ductions. To revive Greek plays as done inAthens in B. C. 400 or Elizabethan Plays asperformed in the time of Shakespeare is asweak as anything we have heard, coming froma management which proposes to break freshground and do the stage some good. It is ona parallel with the imitation furniture whichthe furnishing trade turns out and to ourart it will be so much dead fruit. &amp;On the other hand Mr Trench's desire toencourage our younger English playwrightsdoes him entire credit. We should like tohear some plays by Mr Max Beerbohm, forinstance, for we look to Mr Beerbohm as thepossible writer of a really poetic play. Hiswork has always contained a sense of dream:in everything he does there is the touch ofthe poet: his caricatures are not funny in theleast, but they are always pretty or poetic,and we feel sure that Piccadilly, its shadyside and its sunny, could be in his delicatehands a background for the great poeticplays of this new century, &amp; And Mr Yeats? Mr Trench will be sure togive us one of Yeats' dream plays. And MessrsPinero, Jones, Barrie? the plays by theseplaywrights will, we feel sure, fall due on the4 commercial ' nights and will be presentedneither in the Elizabethan nor the Greekmanner, but perhaps in the Victorian. Now, it wasn't long ago, that great Victo- rian era. Can anyone tell us how the presenta- tion of plays differed in that period fromthat in any other period? It was only yester- day, yet we venture to believe that no onecan exactly say what is the Victorian man- ner of presenting a play.Oh wonderful...! and yet some of you arebold enough to tell us that the Elizabethanmanner was the tomfool kind of dried chatter in a cage which today you try to forcedown the throats of a sheep-like public.Well, we pray heaven Mr Trench deceiveus not; pray heaven he sweep the dried dusty"Revival" idea out of the fresh little Haymar- ket, forswear foreign goods and play thegame straghtforwardly. Then, "strike up pi- pers !" for we too are eager to join in thedance which ends in crowning Mr Trench asa blessing,.... at present in disguise. Mr Roosevelt, master of men, wild ani- mals and millionaires, should fail to under®stand a master of arts is not strange; butthat he should rashly fling off a thoughtlessarticle containing reproaches of a personaldescription against so great an artist as Tol- stoi will lower Mr Roosevelt in the estimationof people who value discernment and cautionas two of the prime qualities of a great leader.This sort of thing from so strong a manas the late President of the United Statestakes one's breath away:...44 However high he (Tolstoi) may stand in44 certain respects, he has in him certain44 dreadful qualities of the moral pervert.....44 That side of his teaching, however, which44 is partially manifested in the revolting44 4Kreutzer Sonata' can do exceedingly little44 damage in America, for it would appeal only44 to decadents. " &lt;£? &amp;&lt;£? The ignorance of this amazing outlookgives one to think.&amp; One thinks one perceives in Mr Rooseveltreal signs of that decadence of which he seemsto be in so great fear. One thinks one has hadthe first real glimpse of Roosevelt,... and hopesone has thought wrong. One thinks and thinksand still no interpretation of those amazing,perverse words of his alters the impression. And here is our impression;... A strongman placed over a corrupt world, chosen tocontrol it, attempting to cleanse it, achieving,(so they say) something of what he attempts.But in the process, whilst washing out thisblack corner he gets bespattered,... the tracesof many years of his association with corrup- tion stick to him. Then he flings aside thescrubbing brush and the soap and gives upthe office of government "char." He acceptsa more refined post; he becomes a contribu- tor to a journal, the 44 Outlook" of America,and becomes the 44char" of literature.&amp; In the new life the old habits cleave to him.He enters the office of the 440ut100k," pail,soap and scrubbing brush in hand. One thinksone hears him saying as he takes his seat inthe editorial chair, 44 Its no good, I know it'sno good. I was never a dreamer; I was bornto char. Bring me some book which the manin the street finds dirty and let me show himthat his Roosevelt is of the same opinion."&amp; One thinks one sees a whole library of theworld's greatest masterpieces being broughtto the poor man at the desk, and that onesees him irresolute for a moment, confrontedby the foul creations of those obscene beingsShakespeare, Euripides, Rabelais, Byron, Mil- ton, Whitman, Gogol, Ben Jonson, Chaucer,Aristophanes, Keats, Swinburne, Sophocles,Socrates, Tolstoi, and, well, Reader, you knowthe rest of the wonderful names and theirmore wonderful works. &amp; &amp;&amp; Mr Roosevelt seems to have paused irre- solutely for one brief second only; then, withall the maddened bravado of the entrappedsavage, to have pounced on the works ofTolstoi.Miraculously misunderstanding this finethinker, this most moral of masters, he ac- cuses him of deliberate moral perversion, ofdecadence. &amp; £?This is entirely horrible in Mr Roosevelt;horrible for him to have confessed himself tous as one ignorant of the purpose and means ofthe art of literature. This charwoman-like at- tack on what in his egoism he takes for a dirtycorner would be grotesque in its blunderingif it were not decadent in its self-deception.Brave in the presence of brutality, he becomea fatuous bore before the front of intellect. Heis as an unnecessary and stranded vesselwhose foghorn bellows a preposterous warn- ing from the dry beach, a pathetic but uglyskeleton of a boat stranded upon the Fortu- nate Isles. An absurdity, a preposterous thingposing horridly for posterity, something per- versely decadent in its demeanour; this isMr Roosevelt, once the pilot of a people; nownot even the pedlar of their opinions. Anthony Scarlett, writing lately to the" Saturday Review," calls upon the com- mittee of the proposed National Theatre tomake sure of securing Mr Gordon Craig astheir stage director. Mr Max Beerbohm, wri- ting the week after on the same subject, callsupon Mr Herbert Trench to secure Mr Craigfor some experiments. &amp; &amp;&amp; We like Mr Scarlett's suggestion betterthan Mr Beerbohm's, for we are not a littlepuzzled to guess what Mr Beerbohm consi- ders to be the gifts of Mr Craig. He first of all scouts the idea that theNational Theatre can have anything to dowith Mr Craig, an opinion which we are farfrom sharing. He then goes on to scout ano- ther idea, that is to say, that Mr Craig cando anything else except arrange scenery,lighting and costumes for a poetic or fantas- tic play.&amp; He says, "It is obvious that Mr Craig, arran- ging the scenery and lighting and costumes of" a realistic tragedy or comedy, would either" have to forswear his methods, and thus" waste his time, or would wreck the play," and thus waste his time and ours." &amp;This is a very puzzling sentence. One doesnot know whether to be amused, or whetherto be suspicious of Mr Beerbohm in his atti- tude towards Mr Craig, for, as Mr Craig hasnever yet produced a realistic tragedy orcomedy it is by no means 'obvious' that hewould wreck either by his arrangement of thescenery, lighting and costume. &amp;&amp; On looking closer at the matter we findit quite rash of Mr Beerbohm, who is so carefulas a rule, to commit that superlative indis- cretion of criticising that which he has notseen and which does not exist. jg/ &amp;&amp; As we have said above, up to the presenttime Mr Craig has not produced a modernrealistic tragedy or comedy, although MrArthur Symons is one of those who havewished to see Mr Craig's production of Ibsen's" Ghosts." In his "Studies in Seven Arts" hewrites as follows.&amp; " Then I would like to see Mr. Craig go" further still; I would like to see him deal" with a purely modern play, a play which" takes place indoors, in the house of middle- " class people. He should mount the typical" modern play, Ibsen's ' Ghosts.' Think of" that room 'in Mrs. Alving's country-house, " beside one of the large fjords in Western" Norway.' Do you remember the stage direc- " tions? In the first act the glimpse, through" the glass windows of the conservatory, of" 'a gloomy fjord landscape, veiled by steady" rain;' in the second 'the mist still lies" heavy over the landscape;' in the third the" lamp burning on the table, the darkness" outside, the 'faint glow from the conflagra- " tion.' And always'the room as before.' What" might not Mr. Craig do with that room 1" What precisely, I do not know; but I am sure" that his method is capable of an extension" which will take in that room, and, if it" can take in that room, it can take in all" of modern life which is of importance to the" playwright." &amp;We are also really at a loss to understandwhy Mr Beerbohm, after stating in regard tothe National Theatre committee that it wouldbe useless to recommend Mr Craig to them,is so good as to take upon himself the officeof giving Mr Craig a recommendation to MrTrench. &amp; &amp;But let us see the exact terms of Mr Beer- bohm's recommendation. These are the verywords: "I don't ask him (Mr Trench) to pro®" mise that all such poetic or fantastic plays" as he may produce shall be according to Mr" Craig's methods. Merely let him experiment" and see what happens." &amp; &amp; &amp;Why, a recommendation like this woulddamn even a domestic servant who wantedto get a new job. &amp;&lt;£/ Such a recommendation would run, "Dear" Mrs Jones, I am very much surprised that I" omitted to say anything about this admi- " rable servant of mine who is leaving me," and even now I don't ask you to engage" him to do the work such a servant usually" does, for who am I that I should speak in" superlatives of what is comparatively un»" known to me? But I only beg of you to give" him a chance and see what happens. I am" dear Mrs Jones, yours faithfully, Sarah" Smith. P. S. Don't hold me responsible if he" is no good. I never said he was any good."Mr Beerbohm adds "It is ludicrous that" Mr Craig should be not without honour in"all countries but this one." But after readingMr Beerbohm's very extraordinary lines oneunderstands better why such ludicrous thingsare and how they "overcome us like a sum- mer's cloud, without our special wonder." mm■3F%=3QiQsafcUSEA»*SWANFOUNTAINPENAND DISCARD ALL ANTIQUATED METHODS*Fountain pens are Necessities to modern men and women—Shorthand writers especially-who value their time and comfort and saving of expense. The Best Fountain Pen is agreater necessity than any second best.THE "SWAN" FOUNTPENis Best because it has the highest grade gold nib ever put in a fountain pen. It hasa sure feed—by feed we mean an ink conductor and air compensator. Ink is fed to bothsides of the nib, so that the light writer or the heavy hand has the right supply of inkNot these characteristics alone, but—"LE TOUT ENSEMBLE " makes the PERFECT PEN&amp; Sold by Stationers and Jewellers Everywhere. INSIST ON "SWAN" I£?BRANCHES:93* Cheapside, E. C.; 95a, Regent Street W.3, Exchange Street, Manchester.10, Rue Neuve, Brussels.79 &amp; 80, HIGH HOLBORN, LONDON, W. C. Brentano's, 37, Ave, de l'Opera, Paris.And at New York, Bale, Chicago and Sydney.PRICES: English10 \6 - Trench Fes. 15.00 - Italian - Tire 15.00 upwards. &amp;Write for Catalogue, post free.MABIE, TODD &amp; CO.("SWAN" Fountpen Makers,)SWAN PEN HEAL &amp; SON'SOLD FASHIONED FABRICS FORCURTAINS &amp; LOOSE COVERS.SiCo§A«a&gt;Chintzes, Printed Linens &amp; Printed Cottons. Write forillustrated Booklet "M" with photographs &amp; prices.Heal &amp; Son have special materials for CasementCurtains. Booklet " K " with small patterns sent postfree.TOTTENHAM COURT ROAD, LONDON FRILL!ANTONIOPURVEYOR TO 10IMPERIAL &amp; ROYALFAMILIES £&gt; &amp;FLORENCEVia dei Fossi 4(ESTABLISHED i860) jb&gt;AWARDED PRIZESAT 48 NATIONAL &amp;INTERNATIONALEXHIBITIONSThe largest Establishment of Sculpture inMarble &amp; Reproductions from the Antique&amp; Original Works. Portraits. Monuments,Mantels, Pedestals, Garden Seats, Vases Fountains Flower-stands, etc:ESTIMATES GIVEN ON APPLICATIONST LOUIS MO.GRAND PRIX1904 L I BRA I R I E ANCIENNE &amp;T. DE MARINIS &amp; Co. &amp; 5 Via Vecchietti - FIRENZEa1?: '2*umflArU1(|J3LXmi»«JLA.Ifi•••» ®■nit■«»*• sMil181I»•• •«1111/£• 14JmJULO1111oooo'•I35900II"MiMUOOfl"In0 ilillHtutill! I» »1110«• IMilfBSSMMfit*&amp;&lt;*0 050Mill111turnGsil»M*ggSSKSrr—• M« aQflgSO06I I1114■ nilWWJFine Collection of MSS., Incunabula, rate and curious books XV-XIX cent.Illustrated Catalogues free on application-