Bruno's Weekly 2 8 February 19th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-02-19_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 2 8 Aubrey Beardsley Illustration 1 From the Collection of Mr. Patrick F. Madigan Illustration 3 The Fire In Bruno's Garret 3-4 On Book Stall Row Guido Bruno cre 4-7 Vaudeville Stars Tell Us Why They Act G. B cre 8 Any House in the Court G. B cre 8-10 Hassan and His Wives After the Persian by Guido Bruno cre 10-11 Biography Tom Sleeper cre 11 Replies Richard Aldington cre From The Egoist, London cre 11 Decollete L'Innocent cre 11 London Letter Edward Storer cre 12-13 Books and Magazines of the Week 13-16 In Our Village 16-17 Untitled Image Illustration 17 Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre 17-18 Today G. E. M cre 18 Song O. T. M cre 18 Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner cre 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUARE✓Five Cents February 19th, 1916W. &amp; G. Copyright February 19th, 1916. Original matter, including alldrawings, may not be reproduced without permission ofGuido Bruno; but that permission may be assumed if credit isgivtn to author and Bruno's Weekly. I do appreciate the sympathy offeredme by my numerous readers and friendsthroughout the country, but two dollarsfor fifty-two issues of Bruno's Weeklywill manifest theREAL SPIRIT. BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 8. FEBRUARY 19th, MCMXVI. Vol. II Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY * BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 WashingtonSquare, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of New York, N. Y.tOctober 14th, 1915, tinder the Act of March 3d, 1879. Aubrey Beardsley From the Collection of Mr. Patrick F. Madigan The Fire In Bruno's Garret P IRE of some unknown cause destroyed, on the 12th of Febru- ary, on Lincoln Day, that part of my garret which I usedas a store-room and where I kept my files. All back numbers of my magazines, Greenwich Village, BrunoChap-Books and Bruno's Weekly were destroyed. Manuscriptsof well-known authors, historical documents, rare books, pamph- lets which never can be duplicated, material which I had col- lected for the last twelve years—all went up in the smoke.And better than ever do I know to-day that there is no pos- session real which we do not carry with us constantly. Not inour pockets, but in our hearts. Not the property which we storein fireproof storehouses, or in safe deposit vaults; even thatmight be destroyed by earthquakes, or by Zeppelins, or otherdevices with which God and man manifest their existence unex- pectedly.But all we have in the eternal possession of our mind—allthose things that we really know.Knowledge is the power that cannot be destroyed.Omnia mea mecum porto. On Book Stall Row Guido Bruno. AND so this, the first number after the fire which partlydestroyed my garret, is the fitting occasion, dear reader,to invite you to take a walk through that part of the city whichstarts on the extremest boundaries of our village and whoseimportant avenue leads to the Public Library—that suprememausoleum of the citizens of the republic of letters; where arelaid away, side by side, the remains of those who wereworshipped during life and forgotten after their death and ofthose whom no one knew while they were among us and whosereal life began after they had written the last page of theirmessage to the world, a world which has ears now for thedead man's words.Will you come with me and walk for half an hour on thatVia Appia of New York where great men's work is put onshelves and bundled up and can be viewed by those who feellike worshipping where artists and writers found a friend whowould plead their cause better than the newspaper critic, literarywriter and the art editor. Let us go where the old worshipfulbuilding of the Astor Library still stands and whose closedshutters and deserted door-ways and stair-cases remind one ofthat eternal truth—sic transit gloria mundi! And not long ago—scarcely eight years—all intellect of New York assembled hereon old Astor Place, in the midst of the old landmarks of aNew York of by-gone days. There they worked diligently, andlike in a bee-hive, gathered the honey to give it to the world.And the world came to take the honey and carried it tonewspaper offices, to magazine editors and used it for nourish- ing and for luxurious, dandy dishes and served it to millionsas bread and as dessert.In those days of the old Astor Library, Fourth Avenue wasthe leading booksellers' street of New York, and therefore, ofthe world.And then the palace was built on Fifth Avenue, right in theheart of the city, to receive the remains of the august man of the world. The literary free-market, whose centre for barterand exchange had been on Astor Place, moved up to the newcomfortable quarters. Marble and big spaces, lackies in liveryand modern commercial office devices took the places of thegood old home-like library rooms. Railings did not separatethere the reader from the book-shelves and the tables were wrornand ink-spotted; and where the authors of the books, in theirold-fashioned attire, with their grandfather's manners, withtheir elegance and their "I don't care what you think of me,world!" seemed so near to us who leaned over their books.But those booksellers—no less lovers of books because theysold them—remained in their shops on Fourth Avenue, in theirbasements and their little shacks with queer displays of bookstalls and advertisements in old hand-writing tacked to theirdoors which seem to belong to another age, which seem to bethe remnants of another school of men. A good many of thoseold friends of the frequenters of the library are gone. Highbuildings are erected where they used to read books and sellthem to you—if you managed to get into their good graces.Don't shake your head incredibly! Yes, such were those oldbooksellers, who treated their books as you would treat yourfriends, and who would introduce you to their friends only ifyou were one with their spirit,—if they found in you "that certainsomething" which invites lovers of books into a society of loversof men.Tempora mutamtur et nos mutamur in illis! Mr. Edison putthe candle out of use. His electric rails brought space andtime into relations which enable the individual to live a life ofmany interests.Greek and Latin, the old essayists of yore, and the art ofwriting letters are foreign to most of us. To have read yourCaesar and scanned your Homer makes you a scholar for life- time to-day. And to have really read Horace and to have divedinto Plato and Aeschylus entitles you to the highest honorsnewspapers, magazines and the country-at-large have to award.If you know how to write about these things and how to applyyour knowledge so that the magazine editor can have it illus- trated by some imitators of Bruneleschie or Baks't, that yourwork can appear serially in an unobjectionable family paperwhich is sold in two million copies by boys and girls who earnin such a way a "liberal education in business colleges;"—thatit can be printed in book form to be bought by all public librariesand Carnegie and college and university libraries, and if it hassuch merits that the music of a Viennese operatta composercan be harmoniously combined with the words, making fora season's Broadway success.Otherwise you have the best chance to starve and to be lookedupon as a queer sort of a chap.A few are left of those old book-dealers who used to dwellon Fourth Avenue and whom book-worms used to persuade topart with this or that precious tome. How those book-sellersdiffered from those of our own times; they knew their Latinand their Greek, they knew not only first editions and standard editions, from the catalogs of auction sales and "Book PricesCurrent" but they knew the contents of the books; they wouldgive an equal chance to the well-known author whom they likedand to the unknown man whose pamphlet they discovered; read- ing and "discovering" was their chief occupation, selling booksa mere incident—a very necessary one, of course, but still anincident only. They all had their hobbies. One would be inter- ested in Mark Twain and would have stored away in someobscure corner of his book-shelves, as the kohinoor of hispossessions, a rare pamphlet unknown to the world, and perhapsautographed by the author himself. Another one would be anenthusiast of Poe and would carefully gather precious itemsand show them to those he really liked—like a king who bestowsupon the subject he wishes to honor a high order.Authors and would-be authors found in these dingy shopslit by a flickering gas jet, in the atmosphere of dust and of oldpaper, congenial gathering-places. O. Henry was a well-knownhabitue of the book-shops on Fourth Avenue, and especiallyone situated in a basement to which led rickety wooden stairswas his favorite one. He used to rummage around the Frenchbooks its proprietor kept and ask for translations and explana- tions, but he rarely bought.Did I say a few of those shops are still preserved?—and did Iinvite you to come along and take a walk on Book Stall Row ?They are, but don't be disappointed. They all have electriclights and cash registers and only far back behind the dust- covered desk of the proprietor—if you succeed in lifting tKebusiness mask from his face—will you find the book-dealer alteryour heart, whose face beams because he has succeeded in get- ing this or that rare item. And if you have that "certainsomething" of the book-worm which finds a response in hisheart, he will forget his "Book Prices Current" and he will talkto you just to your heart's delight. And his hands and yourhands will rest on the mutual friend—the book.Here, I said, in these shops, which, if the proprietor has busi- ness genius and progresses with the spirit of the time, will be- come types of the ready-to-order, department-store-like-con- ducted book-stores, are the temporary interment places of lit- erateurs who are either dead and not yet discovered or who arealive and therefore not apt to be discovered, or who are bothdead and discovered. But their works have not yet succeededin bringing high auction prices and therefore are not purchasedby the libraries in their palacial mausoleums where they willfind their final resting-place some day. To these shops theliterateur pilgrimages if he wishes to dispose of his books—notbecause his shelves or his library are too crowded but because hehas decided that a meal once in a while will be highly appreciatedby his physical body. Down here to these basements or to theseshacks crowded in by big business buildings he creeps stealthilyand sells the books of his friends, given him in his better dayswith their inscriptions of friendship. He is ashamed of his act,but landladies have to get rent and Child's has a cash registerwhich must record every sale of the day, even the most insig- nificant cup of coffee and the thinnest cheese sandwich. Here to these shops the literateur, who ventured into thefield of being his own publisher and editor of a short-livedmagazine brings bundles of unsold numbers of his publicationwhich were returned to him with many regrets and the bill for"return charges by the pound" from news-dealers and fromnews companies. The book-store buys them, and a dollar is adollar—even if you have to procure it with five hundred or athousand copies of something you put your greatest hopes upon.No reflection is made upon the bookseller! He gives youmore than you could get anywhere else. What other book-dealerin this city would buy old paper—and it is nothing but old paperso long as "Book Prices Current" doesn't mention the maga- zine's name and its rarity, and therefore, the goodness of itscontents. .Here, to these shops, landladies bring the trunks which theydid not permit to leave their premises because the unfortunateowner failed to pay his three dollars per week, and his literaryfuture was too ample a security for her to continue to trust.And how many rejected manuscripts—often rejected because oftheir merit—-will be found in that baggage hastily thrown to- gether by her after she has locked the door upon him! Howmany letters will they contain showing the man in the lightothers saw him and wrote to him what to do and what notto do!Here, to these shops, the unfortunate woman travels if herhusband—the writer or the artist—is sick and doctor bills haveto be paid, and again, that curse of everybody's life—rent billsand board bills.And here finally is sold the worldly possessions of him whohas laid away his pen forever, whom the rent collector for thetypewriter will not bother again. His most-cherished books andletters from fellow-sufferers on the hard road to literary successand those benevolent lines of those who "got there,' his scrapbooks and perhaps his diary to contribute to the receipts ofundertaker and cemetery company.DEAR READER, we live in an age where figures are staring inyour face wherever you turn. Churches pass the baskets!Charity is standardized after the most efficient business methodsof the country."Money, I want money!" is written in big, black broad lettersover men and things. Therefore, it is up to you to eliminatemoney wherever you feel it a disturbing element. It is upto you to be the magician who charms away the things thatcan never "disappear" as everybody knows. Don't think of therent and of the bills and of the pay rolls to clerks that thesebooksellers have to pay, but see them as I do back there in thedark corner of their shops—unlighted by electricity, back of apaper-and-dust-covered desk, reading on quiet afternoons andevenings when business is at a standstill and book-buyers donot require their services,—reading their favorites, those booksthey will not sell if you are not lucky and strike them at atime when bills are due, when rent has to be paid. Vaudeville Stars Tell Us Why They Act G. B. I have not taken in a vaudeville show for quite a while. Ihave seen in the newspapers concerning the work of our vaude- ville actors, several pages each week. And so I went to thePalace one night last week. The chairs are very comfortableand the ventilation is excellent. So it is possible to exist phys- ically.But how much humanity is wasted on the vaudeville stage!These men and women surely must have a reason for doingtheir silly acts over and over again for forty weeks every year!There was Ruth St. Denis, for instance. Ella Wheeler Wilcoxwas down at my garret the morning after I had seen Ruth. Thefamous poetess adores Ruth; her husband adores Ruth, too.They saw her for the first time in Paris, some years ago. "Sheis adoration, she is a prayer, she is a sermon," Mr. Wilcox re- marked after the curtain had rung down. Mrs. Wilcox was ofthe same opinion. Sermons and sermons are different. So areprayers. Mine surely differ from those of the Wilcox couple."Why do they act?" I wanted to satisfy my curiosity. Hereare the answers that I received from a few of the headliners atpresent features in Broadway theatres and vaudeville houses.Gaby Deslys (in Stop! Look! and Listen! at the Globe)-—"Because I love it—I like money much, but my art, ah, that isthe thing I like very much, much more."Harry Pilcer (also at the Globe)—"Because eight per doesn'thold any charms for me."Harry Fox (in Stop! Look! and Listen also at the Globe) —"To get my hot meat. This is the life."Joseph Santley (also at the Globe)—"Merely to keep me outof mischief."And here are a few who appear at present at the Palace:Harrv Carroll: "To get out of a contract with a music pub- lisher.""Paul Morton and wife, Naomi Glass (in a vaudeville sketch) :"We need the cash—that's all!"The Dolly Sisters (in a vaudeville sketch) : "Because of ourrapid success, because of the money that's in it, and because wecan't keep our feet on the ground." Any House in the Court G. B. P APA SUMMERFIELD is a very bad man. He loves his* wife, or at least he loved his wife very tenderly, fourteenyears before the curtain rose. In those days he had been asuccessful lawyer, with indisputable business integrity. Andthen—she died. He locked the chamber in whicn she had beenan invalid before her death and it remained for years a closedroom in the house. He kept the key in his pocket, and everymember of his household tiptoed when passing this door, andnobody dared mention its existence, or the mother's name inhis presence. Papa Summerfield killed his grief and his love in business ambition and anything that came along was goodenough as long as it kept his mind busy and prevented him fromthinking. He also developed into a house tyrant, forbidding thetwo daughters the men of their choice, and turning them coldlyfrom house and hearth after they decided to become wivesand mothers. But Papa Summerfield has a "better self." Andthis better self is of utmost importance to the play. It reallyis the nucleus of the play. The better self appears in a not anymore unaccustomed way on the stage. It is Mr. Summerfield'sdouble. It looks like Mr. Summerfield, it parts its hair in thesame remarkable way that Mr. Summerfield parts his, from fore- head to neck, it wears the same picturesque necktie and clothes,and appears at opportune moments in a spotlight and tries toreason with his "evil self."And there is that great big corporation committee that wishesto buy the honesty of Mr. Summerfield with a vice-presidency,and with fat fees, and there is the honest young man who can- not continue to be secretary to Mr. Summerfield because hecannot bear the idea that his revered master will do some- thing dishonest. This secretary also has a little side interestwhich his heroic standpoint brings to a happy conclusion. David,that is his name, has won the heart of the youngest daughterof Mr. Summerfield, and now, in the sublime moment when sherealizes the "evil self" of Papa, she decides to follow Davidand take up with him the struggles of life. And then, thereis a highly melodramatic private conversation between "betterself" and "evil self" of Papa Summerfield in the death-cham- ber of the departed wife. It is one of those scenes that areenjoyed by cooks and chambermaids, digested after workinghours from those ominous paper-covered thick volumes knownordinarily as dime novels, whose price has been raised to twenty- five cents. It would be enjoyed as a scene commonly known asone "that gives you the creeps," that "starts the goose-flesh."Papa Summerfield leaves the mysterious death-chamber of hiswife and returns to his library.Enter all persons in question as there are: The honest sec- retary with the youngest daughter ready to leave forever, thedisinherited daughter, who has a baby at home and the son-in- law "who shall never cross this threshold again." They expecta parting for life. But lo! Old man Summerfield is his "betterself" again. "You all can remain," says he; "I have thoughtthe matter over and I am going to join forces with my sons-in- law. Honesty will lead us to success. David, I welcome asthe husband of my youngest daugter "One looked expectantly toward the door; but the nursemaidwith the baby upon her arm did not appear.Owen Davis and Robert Davis are the "two selves" thatmanufactured this show piece. One might be a very success- ful magazine editor, and an expert in selecting and purchasingthe kind of stuff that people are supposed to like in our popularmagazines. But a successful career of this sort is poor experi- ence to write a drama for American theatre-goers. Even suchfeatures as there were on the program, "that the curtain never rises and never is rung down between the acts and scenes of'Any House'," is an insufficient feature after the streetexterior of the house is lifted and living room of thisfashionable mansion is right next to the sidewalk. The appear- ance of the personified better self of a man is as old as thedevelopment of stage tricks. It was used in France and Ger- many to much better advantage early in the EighteenthCentury. .Papa Summerfield saved the situation temporarily by excellentacting. He was"the evil self" of a man as well impersonatedas it is in real life. But that "better self" was just a poorattempt at something unknown. At what? Ask Mr. Davis!One must be a creator and a critic, and sincere in everythingin life and in art in order to be able to write a drama.The editor, the able editor of popular magazines, might dowell to follow his real metier: to write vaudeville sketches. Hassan and His Wives After the Persian by Guido Bruno. AND it was at the hour of the full moon, the doors of thecastle were pushed open and there entered silently intothe garden, Hassan and his seven wives, crossed over to themelodiously splashing fountain, disrobed, and seated themselvesin a semi-circle.And Hassan Bedr-ed Din, said:"I am your master, creatures of the curved rib, but verilyrather would I be a hunchback beggar than your master solely!Because my soul is thirsty for love."And he looked into the deer-like eyes of Butheines:"What is the utmost that you can do for me, woman?""Singing and dancing will I do for thee, O lord!"Hassan shrugged his shoulders and turned to Kuttel Kulub:"And you also, only singing and dancing?" ."I will tell you a thousand fairy tales: About the Princewho was turned to stone, about the veziers of the King Junan,and Isrit and about the old Scheichs.""What can you give me, Scherezade?""Every lust of the body, lord! My blood boils like the windof the desert!"Nushet-es-Saman said: "I can be true to you, from thebottom of my heart, oh Hassan! And not because I have to!"And Sophia: "I can relate to you the works of the Prophet,and I can explain them, and I know the secrets of the stars!And the dark-haired Dunjaisaid, the one with the queen-likefigure, fell to the feet of Hassan, covering them with kisses,and her voice vibrated like leaves in a hurricane: "I could diefor thee, oh lord!"A happy smile passed over the face of the master, and hekissed Dunjaisaid. tThe seventh woman sat still unquestioned, near the foun- tain. And she opened her mouth and said: "Why should I keep silent and make a secret of my love, because you, ohHassan, do not look at me?"Hassan smiled snobbishly: "Arise! What on earth couldyou do for me after Dunjaisaid is ready to die for me?""I could live for you, oh Lord!" Biography Tom Sleeper. A BLACK crow flapped his wings in a dead tree.At that moment I was born.A camel awoke, stretched and wandered away over thedesert; just then my mate came into being.We met quite accidentally at Dajeeling, married, raised fivechildren, built a house, and kept a cat.Later, we died and were buried in the same grave.This completes our history . . .Not that it does anybody any good. Replies By Richard Aldington, From The Egoist, London. I VJL7 HEN I was hungry and implored them, they said: "The™ sun-beetle eats dung: imitate him."I implored them for my life's sake and they replied: "Lastvear's roses are dead; why should you live?"* t II(Three years later) T1 HEY came to me and said: "You must aid us for the*■ sake of our God and our World."I replied: "Your god is a beetle and your world a ball ofdung."But they returned and said: "You must give your life todefend us."And I answered: "Though a million of you die, next springshall not lack roses." Decollete L'Innocent. CHE walked, an Eve,Created not, mankindness to deceive.And lo!Quoth she, "Why are they draped so?God made me.Is it then,Fit I should upholstered be by men? London Letter Edward Storer. London Office of BRUNO'S WEEKLY,18 St. Charles Square, New Kensington,January 31st, 1916.lUI ADAME SARAH BERNHARDT is doubtless a bravewoman, but is she discreet? Undeterred by her great ageor her physical infirmity she insists on appearing in public.There should be, as in Russia, a law forbidding actresses overforty-five or fifty from sacrificing their reputations, theifbeautiful memories to a foolish vanity.Of course, the great public here doesn't take this view. Any- one to whom it has once given admiration or affection is for- ever sacred to it. We have comedians in London who have livedsuccessfully for a dozen years on one good joke or play. Bern- hardt has been at the Coliseum this week with her voice—stillmarvellous to say, not without magic—and—poor thing!—herartificial limb. She recited Les Cathidrales, sitting in a greatthrone-like chair the while, and then acted in Du Theatre auChamp d' Honneur, a little war piece. The latter was ratherdreadful, but the Coliseum audience, one of the stupidest andmost sentimental in London, was apparently enthralled.At the Shaftesbury Theatre we have had another interestingthough not quite successful entertainment this week. It isanother case of a musician endeavoring to digest a literarymasterpiece much in the way that Liza Lehmann did withEveryman, as I mentioned in my last letter. This time it isSir Charles Stanford who has endeavored to turn Sheridan'sCritic into a kind of music play or comedy with music.. Theresult is not spontaneously successful. Sir Charles has no verylight gift of musical humour and some of his musical jokes arevery heavy indeed. The composer has mixed original musicwith parodies of Wagner, Strauss, Debussy and the old styleof Italian opera like Trovatore. Sheridan is good and SirCharles Stanford is good in his own way as a composer oflight academic work and a professor of distinction, but thecombination is unsatisfactory.Quite a number of French and Belgian books and reviewscontinue to be printed and published in England. The Parisfirm of Figuiere has a printing works at Cardiff—"The WelshOutlook Press." There is a company of publishers in London,issuing new novels and other books in French, in the ordinaryFrench format with yellow paper covers. Belgian and Frenchnovelists in veile issue their works in this way. Et jai voulerla Paix, by Andre Spire, is just published by the Egoist. Spire,who has passed most of the time since the outbreak of the warin Nancy, close to the firing line, has been recently engaged inbuying leather for the French Government, and a little whileago paid a business visit to London. I did not see him, but hewas taken to the Cafe Royal, I believe, to meet the poets andpainters, and now, chiefly through the instrumentality of myfriend, Richard Aldington, I fancy, we have this little volume ofverse. The following is taken from a poem called Images,written at Nancy in September, 1914. Mais pentends le canon aux portes de ma ville;Je vois sur nos canaux, nos places et nos ruesTes troupeaux de blesses;Je vois tes carbillards suivis de Veterans et de drapeaux.Et tes paysans fuir avec leurs fourrageresPleines de matelas, de femmes et d'enfantsEt je m'asseois. I'attends.Oh! Silence! Silence! .Jusqu'an jour ou ces corps defaits, ces visages hagards,Ces cris, ces pleurs, ces lignes, ces pus, ces puanteuos,Une plus imperieuse image: la Victoire,Les aura deloges de nos zeux, de nos coeurs.Thus there emerges from the poem the triumphant motive- which, perhaps, America, happy in the possession of peace, doesnot quite understand. I find in many American papers andreviews a frequent expression of commiseration for us inEurope with our terrible war. It is true that it is a horrible •enough affair and that the amount of misery and tragedy in,Europe is something fearful to contemplate, but there is, at thesame time, an acceptance of it, a recognition that it is the -eventable contrast against which joy shines, a kind of pride in ,it, in fact.Among new novels, Arnold Bennett's These Twain, calls for;a line, though since it has probably been published simultaneouslyin America, you will have heard all about it long before thisletter appears.An absurd book though of which probably you will not hearhas just been issued in honour of Hilaire Belloc, who has risen»to considerable eminence of late, owing to, his false prophesieson the subject of the war. Two young men who should knowbetter have perpetrated this fatuity—C. Creighton Mandell andE. Shanks. The book is divided into chapters such as Mr.Belloc and the Public, Mr. Belloc and Europe, Mr. Belloc andthe Future, and so on. Perhaps you don't evm know who.Hilaire Belloc is?.But that I should not seem to give you notice only of bad1or foolish books let me end by mentioning one that is excellent—Professor G. Baldwin Brown's Arts in Early England, of whichVolumes 111 and IV have just appeared. It is full of learningand imaginative appeal. Books and Magazines of the Week D USSIAN literature translated originally during the CrimeanIXI War and refreshed sporadically during the Russo-Japanese struggles is being warmed up and re-hashed and served'on toast in England since the outbreak of the European strug- gles. As the good old boarding-house woman knows well what todo with her Sunday chicken on Monday, Tuesday and the subse- quent days, so the publishers on Fleet Street fish out from theirmorgues hurried translations and then they are reprinted cheaply- and fed to the populace. The modern authors, of whom there exist a German orFrench translation, are being done into English by translatorsnow "from the original Russian." Just look at these translationswhich arrive with every English boat. I daresay that at least.two-thirds of these books came to England via France and viaGermany. Russian can be translated into English. But onlyby such as have an excellent knowledge of English and a fairknowledge of Russian. There is too much German and Frenchflavor and spirit in these Russian translations of our days. Thewonderful primitive way of expressing situations by compari- sons, of picturing life through the most difficult mosaic of lifein detail is lost.The American translations are far better. Russia is nearerto the heart of America than to the heart of England. Russiais to America the representative of everything Slavic in Europe.The Slavic element is very vital in our everyday life. Themelancholy of those struggling for freedom—no matter if•spiritual or financial—is well-known to us. The technical knowl- edge of the language has a big assistant: the sympathy oftranslator and of reader.The Russia of a Gogol, the Russia of an Arzibasheff with thestruggling minority against the tryannies of a Czardom by"God's grace" against oppressors who want Russia's financialwho want slaves in spirit and meek servants instead■of free men, must find a sympathetic echo in the hearts of freeAmericans.These translations, as published during the past year by Mr.Huebsch, and lately by Mr. Knopf (whose address, by the way,is in no directory, and letters to whom are being sent back asundeliverable constantly), are not only superior from a technicalstandpoint or from the standpoint of a linquist, but they reallycarry to us THE message. The great Russian authors, who areartists, apostles of a new and better era for their belovedRussia, and leaders of their people at large at the same time,speak to us in their own language. In most of the Englishtranslations they seem to be using a megaphone.While reading a few days ago in a Bohemian magazine thatOscar Wilde's Reading Gaol had been translated into Bohemianand into Serbian recently and sent in thousands of copies tomilitary concentration camps, I remembered another singer amidprison walls—one who suffered in Russian prisons and suchtorture houses as the Schluesselburg, twenty-five years of hislife for the gravest crime one can commit in Russia; he wasan independent editor of a paper that should tell his readers thetruth and nothing but the truth. Nicholas AlexandrovitchMorosow, son of a nobleman and a peasant woman, after aliberal education in colleges and universities, decided, at theage of nineteen, to join the group of young Socialists whichwent, in 1874, preaching through the country, trying to makemen and women see the real value of life.He went to St. Petersburg and was editor in quick successionof those three journals that were severely persecuted by theRussian Government. He left Russia, warned by a good friend that there was a warrant out against him. But he would nothave been a Russian, a real Russian, if he could have kept outof his country for the rest of his life. And he came back.Everything might be rotten in Russia, systems and adminis- trations ; but the filing-index on which are kept the names ofthose that offend the "sacro-sanct person of the Czar" or dareto suggest a better Russia, free of graft and injustice, is keptin constant working order. Morosow was arrested the samesecond he crossed the boundaries of Holy Russia. He wassentenced to life imprisonment.Longing for freedom, for the freedom of his nation, had beenthe impetus of his life. After he lost his own personal free- dom, he knew so much better how his nation in bondage suffered,how it was destined to suffer for centuries to come.All his strength, all his sentimentality, all his love for hisnation, for clean, pure air and for blue skies, and all the hopesand imagination of a new, of a free Russia are the threads withwhich he wove that wonderful Gobelin, his life work, that he'started, worked upon and finished in the hopeless leaden miseryof Russian prisons: his prison song. Contemporary Verse One distinction has the second number of this magazine'which is everything but contemporary; the bad poet, who madea name for himself in a weekly book-trade paper, unjustlycalled Book Review, by interviewing similarly bad poets, is notamong their contributors. Eleven names were contained in theinitial issue of this new poetical gift that Washington, D. C.rhas bestowed upon us and if it loses every month one con- tributor, the December issue will be up to the highest expecta- tions. The Spotlight This is a new periodical, whose Volume 1, Number 1, has- arrived at our desk. "Edited and owned by the people," itsays. It contains effusions against the policy of preparedness.Who is this "people"? Alethian The general issue of this pyschic magazine contains valuableinformation for our poets."Those who scoff at the thought that Spirit, or spirits, respondto special invitation to be present at gatherings of mortals atspecific times and places may explain why a number of AlethianStudents who had never previously produced a line of versehave spontaneously delivered commendable poetry at our lectureclasses." The Colonnade "The essence of Strindberg," by Harold Berman, is an inter- esting attempt to understand and to appreciate "the deep-rootedmysticism with an original and dual outlook upon life as themotives underlying the enigmatic personality of August Strind- berg.""The Threefold Admonishment" is another one of Arthur Schnitzler's stories, translated from the German, by PierreLoving. The efforts of Mr.. Loving to introduce to us thiseminent Viennese writer are very laudable, but he choosesSchnitzler's early work. Why not try to give us some of hisbest? Those bits, full of life, and still of a rare quietness ofwhich he has proved master? In Our Village FLORENCE GOUGH and Lindsey Cooper joined the smallshop movement in the Village and opened a costume shopfor the designing and creating of fancy dress costumes and mod- ern clothes. Miss Gough is doing the designing. She has anunique color sense and she is proud of the wide opportunity shehad for expression, not only in costuming, but in spectacularstage setting! "She also claims priority right to the daring color•combinations regarded dubiously by the Academicians beforethe coming of Bakst."And daring is the interior of the shop. The floor is tomatored, the walls are black, yellow and turquoise, the color issplashed on the walls as by the ire of genius. Of genius thatsimply must express itself in vivid glaring colors and thatwouldn't care to sit even in a chair or on a stool which does not carry the flaming message to its organism in repose. Therefore,orange and lavender seating occasions.Two large figures of yellow cambric, with disarranged anato- mies, stand in the show window, like heralds of a new sartorialapostle.And Miss Cooper, the director of the institution, assures thatthe faithful came from the first day, immediately after the yel- low cambrics had hit their eyes. A large number of costumes,worn at the recent Censors Ball and the Beaux Arts' party■emanated from here, and the Liberal Club Ball and the Masses'Ball will be vivid and glaring witnesses of this new shop in Our"Village.Alice Palmer, she of the Sunflower Shop, has opened The Vil- lage Store and announces that its mission will be a "Gift Shop."She will sell odd bits of brass, china, wood, furniture and souve- nirs, at reasonable prices.A frequent visitor to the Village during the past weeks hasbeen Joseph Louis French, the poet.. He contemplates a newedition of his corrected works, poems that have appeared duringthe past twenty years in magazines and periodicals in the UnitedStaees and England.Charles Keeler has united many of his poems in a volume thatwill soon be published by Laurence Gomme, "in his little shoparound the corner." They are called "Victory," and contain someof Mr. Keeler's best work.Bernhardt Wall, the etcher, has conceived the 'idea of a seriesof preparedness pictures, to be produced as movie cartoons. Heis hard at work at them and contemplating the acceptance of oneof the many offers he has received from film companies. Heloise Haynes plans for her many friends and admirers aninformal dance for Saturday, the 19th, which will take place inher "Wardrobe." Bruno'* Garret A group of young Russian painters will exhibit a representa- tive selection of their paintings in Bruno's Garret. The exhibi- tion opens on Thursday, the 17th, and will last until the 25thof February. The poetry readings and Monday evening lectureshave to be interrupted on account of the fire until March thesth. Upon this day, the necessary restoration work will havebeen finished and Bruno's Garret will welcome everybody thatwishes to attend its house-warming. Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre 'W'IRGINIA O. MADIGAN, who was heard last week in her* recitation to music of Victor Sardou's "Leah the Forsaken,*has remarkable talent to interpret with her strong resonantvoice, the words of the author. Music and spoken word seemto grow to a unit which does not fail to act upon our senses.Our eyes and our ears are similarly attracted. Miss Madigan,who just completed her eleventh year, will continue her dramaticstudies.Thursday, Friday and Saturday of this week the program willinclude a selection of songs by Miss Sara S. Broughton, knownas church singer and who aspires to enter upon a concert career.Her program includes: The Star, by Rogers; Where my Cara- van Has Rested, by Lohr; The Years at the Spring, by Beach.Miss Lila Van Kirk will give three of her Italian illustratedtravellogues, "Two Weeks in Rome," "A Walk Through theStreets of Florence," and "Naples, Pompeii, Vesuvius, Venice(by moonlight) and Italian Lakes." This series is arranged as atrip through Italy, on this side of the ocean and Miss Van Kirk has sought to make her individuality that of a purely conversa- tional tone of delivery, thereby tendering the atmosphere of herhistoric subject. Today G. E. M. TRINITY CHURCH stands at the head of Wall Street.Facing East, it represents God. At the foot is the EastRiver oblivion. The Stock Exchange is between, the Temple ofMammon; the Custom House is beside. It is the place of thelaw. We have here the channel and its ports. In the daytimea human tide here ebbs and flows. At certain seasons the flowis well defined; on the eve of panic from Mammon to God, asthe herd gathers before the storm; in the panic the Street is inflood. Some are pushed into oblivion, but the Street remainsfull.—Curious paradox.—In the time of plenty, the tide setsto the place of the law. Man is mindful of its comforts in thehour of fortune; Gold has its concomitants; noblesse oblige.In the Temple of Mammon all is Babel. No tongue is of thePentecost. They cry aloud and dance to the music of theirthroats. Then comes a hush. The place empties like a sigh.But after all is said and done the trend is up and down; someto the churchyard, some to the river. There is rest.And old Trinity smiles down equally upon the mob and thedead. They are alike, incidents. Song O. T. M. CHE came like a falling star,Sudden, and swift, and bright,From the heaven of heavens afarOn the wilderness of night.She came like a falling star,Flashed by, and was no more;But the wilderness where lost lovers areIs darker than before. Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner. NATURALLY, people who never stop to trouble about theTruth, object to have the Truth stop to trouble about them,especially when the trouble about the Truth is: It never stopstheir troubles.The man who needs a bracer, better brace up against the town- pump.A world menace: the unteachable self-taught. I KEEP ON MY WALLS a permanent exhibition of autographs, manuscriptsand historical documents, and have at present an especially interesting col-lection of letters and original manuscripts by Abraham Lincoln, GeorgeWashington, Robert Louis Stevenson, Oscar Wilde and Edgar Allan Poe. Theseare the original scripts of stories, poems and documents which have made thesemen famous. If interested, drop me a line, or better, come and see my exhibition.PATRICK FRANCIS MADIGAN561 Fifth Ave. (entrance 46th St.) New YorkrTT —a—M——MMUMMMHII—IM ■ ■TV 11 I li ■ IBM ■■■——■ l—«H lITI IT.ttflAt the Sign of the Red LampFifty-three West Third Street, New YorkYou will find this old and picturesque Chop House,TWO DOORS EAST OF WEST BROADWAYWe make a specialty of Sea Food, Steak and ChopsSAMUEL S. BROAD, Proprietor Telephone: Spring 5963Open Evenings until NineRARE BOOKS FIRST EDITIONSExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association BooksBooks for Christmas GiftsPurchased singly or in sets for people who have neither time nor opportunity toselect for themselves, or for those who have not access to the best book marts.Why not begin collecting now ?Address E. V., Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass. LIBRAIRIE FRANCAISE DEUTSCHE BUECHERLibrairie Francaise111 Fourth AvenueAlways on - hand a large, fine selection of bestFrench, English, German and Spanish romances.Best English literature and foreign classics a spec-ialty. All kinds of literature bought and exchanged.Art magazines wanted.WRITE US WHAT YOU ARE INTERESTED IN.CIRCULATING LIBRARY ENGLISH BOOKS Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, Situatedat No.lOFifth Avenue, Greenwich Village,N.Y.C,Guido Bruno, Manager.This Week's PerformancesMonday, 8:45 p. m.Tuesday, 8:45 p. m.Wednesday, 8:45 p. m.Thursday, 8:15 p. m.Friday, 8:15 p. m.Saturday, 3:00 p. m.Saturday, 8:15 p. m.Bruno PlayersBruno PlayersBruno PlayersMusicaleMusicaleBruno PlayersMusicaleAsk or write for ticket of admission to theMusicales. They are free. Bruno Playerswill open their season inCharles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre10 Fifth Avenue, Greenwich Village, New York CityMonday, February 21stwith G. BERNARD SHAW'SPassion, Poison, Petrifaction!and AUGUST STRINDBERG'SMiss Julia.Only 120 Seats at One Dollar EachTo be had at the BOX OFFICE, 10 FIFTH AVENUE, or by Mail