The Glebe 2 1 April 1914 naat_1914-04_01 The Glebe 2 1 THE GLEBE COLLECTS Horace Traubel cre 1 THE only editorial policy of THE GLEBE is 2 COLLECTS 3 BOOKS BY HORACE TRAUBEL 4 COLLECTS HORACE TRAUBEL cre 5 CONTENTS 7 I never found any use for birth or birthdays, dear comrades, 8 I'M SO GLAD I WAS BORN 9-18 And so I have come to sing life: I have come to bring that 19 PANKHURST 20-28 I have met men and women and men and women: they are 29 WHAT IS THE COLOR OF YOUR SKIN? 30-36 O you despairers of destiny! O you plunderers of time! 37 YOU WRITERS 38-49 Every seed counts in the harvest: 50 ALL THE ENGINEERS PERISHED 51-60 I dont know what it is: I dont know where it leads me: I 61 WHAT ARE YOU DOING? 62-70 They talk about the rock of ages: there is no rock of ages: 71 I CLAIM EVERYTHING 72-79 I see what you see all around: the half lives lived: the 80 TO LEAVE NO DOOR UNOPENED 81-90 When you hear of a ship going down at sea do you say: 91 HAVE YOU SOLD YOUR SOUL? 92-101 And then I hear your voice raised above all the uncertainties 102 WHEN I LOOK INTO THE FACES 103-111 Do you know what it means to say love? to be always and 112 LOVING IS THE ONLY LIFE 113-121 I am just a feeler sent out ahead maybe to try the earth 122 KEEP YOUR FACE TO THE SUN 123-130 The May issue of THE GLEBE 135 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 131 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 131 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 132 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 132 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 133 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 134 V • b;&gt; v *." v, -C", •_f 3'r &gt;r vV .* .! *v i- ;0 ■&gt;&amp; ;&lt; ?:■: ■■'■■■ .' ''' ' s.WSSSBBBSK M ttHBVMHfI 1 f"jSI JMM sm, • ■ '■t jSatißF v sßßmr Jhl 188lip •ht '■ ••■■ '' «H^P' ' ,K&gt;&lt;'J ':i 'r3f ' " •■}' ...|s?i;&lt;HBv aaUt ■ JS; , BBHPPPB fiSSSSSSi :WMf ' mm Mm Jra |..„flB ' ••'Tflfflilfr '-• - ilMWiinilfMMPE- ' QHsm^mUm i'::- w/rK $' '^SiPßifcLiHKft ' 'ijgM&amp;Ss 'OHgL HH JsBSF- . JHA WliHgft ; ißr m .H Jm . WS. W JB&amp; : ; m ra ntti nHr 1 n ?;Wk .*' aHsB .V-y.::,:.;■ ■-. v-^i. '. ■■ |( . -:/ ■.-,.; .L,'1 MiWHWHBMEv&lt; toEL fIPHHj RBHPPMPPi. MMBB §§p./. PHflt rV;;,., \'\'- ■' ''&lt;' j&amp;SSSsBBB^'.&gt;)(.... »*... .TR'ft.. .i.i..??..... /ATT^!r&gt; V 1 A." s* / 1.... .M.,, a If *&lt;, &gt; VOLUME 2NUMBER 1 APRIL1914 O TT 13 Or* D T p # '' . ' •'.? : Y '_ W "*V 9'ii\ jVsnvJL*- ' * -Lff'... . AHiSS/K" w.: TtllfC.© :: J^OlIl$!' 4 A ■■ ; " fii ' ..■;-&gt;v:r,,,;'.;.V:„-'-o■■ ;';;;.r:a='v'AX* HRED KM Ey SS'B-©RGO-j *s IVII -cTi"#sl -Hf Ki*/ !%. ~ Sgl " -sn-» J1* jo**'|lg jfi§B|| •»' jg&amp;gjj \ V V ,ft ||||* *.% * f *ar i / •&gt; &gt; * " -Y ofk City (Fez NEW YORKALBERT AND CHARLES BONI96 FIFTH AVENUE1914 Copyright, 1914ByAlbert and Charles Boni I'M; SO GLAD I WAS BORN COLLECTS I'M SO GLAD I WAS BORN COLLECTS I'M SO GLAD I WAS BORN COLLECTS I'M SO GLAD I WAS BORN COLLECTS I'M SO GLAD I WAS BORN COLLECTS PANKHURST COLLECTS PANKHURST COLLECTS PANKHURST COLLECTS PANKHURST COLLECTS WHAT IS THE COLOR OF YOUR SKIN COLLECTS WHAT IS THE COLOR OF YOUR SKIN COLLECTS WHAT IS THE COLOR OF YOUR SKIN" COLLECTS YOU WRITERS— COLLECTS YOU WHITERS— COLLECTS YOU WEITEES— COLLECTS YOU WRITERS— COLLECTS YOU WRITERS— COLLECTS ALL THE ENGINEERS PERISHED COLLECTS ALL THE ENGINEERS PERISHED COLLECTS ALL THE ENGINEERS PERISHED COLLECTS ALL THE ENGINEERS PERISHED COLLECTS ALL THE ENGINEERS PERISHED COLLECTS WHAT ARE YOU DOING— COLLECTS WHAT ARE YOU DOING— COLLECTS WHAT ARB YOU DOING— COLLECTS WHAT ARE YOU DOING— COLLECTS I CLAIM EVERYTHING— COLLECTS I CLAIM EVERYTHING—• COLLECTS I CLAIM EVERYTHING— COLLECTS TO LEAVE NO DOOR UNOPENED COLLECTS TO LEAVE NO DOOR UNOPENED COLLECTS TO LEAVE NO DOOR UNOPENED COLLECTS TO LEAVE NO DOOR UNOPENED COLLECTS TO LEAVE NO DOOR UNOPENED COLLECTS HAVE YOU SOLD YOUR SOUL— COLLECTS HAVE YOU SOLD YOUR SOUL— COLLECTS HAVE YOU SOLD YOUR SOUL— COLLECTS HAVE YOU SOLD YOUR SOUL— COLLECTS COLLECTS WHEN I LOOK INTO THE FACES— WHEN I LOOK INTO THE FACES— COLLECTS WHEN I LOOK INTO THE FACES—' COLLECTS WHEN I LOOK INTO THE FACES— COLLECTS LOVING IS THE ONLY LIFE COLLECTS LOVING IS THE ONLY LIFE COLLECTS LOVING IS THE ONLY LIFE COLLECTS LOVING IS THE ONLY LIFE COLLECTS KEEP YOUR PACE TO THE SUN COLLECTS KEEP YOUR FACE TO THE SUN COLLECTS KEEP YOUR FACE TO THE SUN COLLECTS KEEP YOUR PACE TO THE SUN THE GLEBE COLLECTS By Horace Traubel THE only editorial policy of THE GLEBE isthat embodied in its declaration of absolutefreedom of expression, which makes for a range broad enough to include every temperament fromthe most radical to the most conservative, the onlyrequisite being that the work should have unmistakablemerit. Each issue will be devoted exclusively to one individual, thereby giving him an opportunityto present his work in sufficient bulk tomake it possible for the reader to obtain a muchmore comprehensive grasp of his personality thanis afforded him in the restricted spaces allotted bythe other magazines. Published monthly. THEGLEBE will issue twelve books per year, chosenon their merits alone, since the subscription listdoes away with the need of cafering to the populardemand that confronts every publisher. ThusTHE GLEBE can promise the best work of American and foreign authors, known and unknown.The price of each issue of THE GLEBE will behity cents and the yearly subscription three dollars. COLLECTS BOOKS BY HORACE TRAUBELCHANTS COMMUNALOPTIMOSCOLLECTSWITH WALT WHITMANIN CAMDEN COLLECTS HORACE TRAUBEL CONTENTS I'm So Glad I Was Born 7Pankhurst 18What Is the Color of Your Skin? 28Yon Writers Who Are Trying to Write 36All the Engineers Perished 49What Are Yon Doing for the Cause? 60I Claim Everything for the People 70To Leave No Door Unopened 79Have You Sold Your Soul for Dirt? 90When I Look Into the Faces 101Loving is the Only Life 11lKeep Your Face to the Sun 121 I never found any use for birth or birthdays, dear comrades, till I knew what it was to love:I could not tell how successful my life is by the number ofthose who love me: I could only tell that by the numberof those I love:I am victorious only when I have won my love of you frommyself: winning your love of me from you is not enough:And so this day though you may not gather me to you Igather you to me, body and spirit:And so this day I count myself up, not in figures but inlove, and say forgiving and jubilant things to my soulabout us all. I'M SO GLAD I WAS BORN I'm so glad I was born. It seemed so rigbtfor me to come. And some day it will seem justrigbt for me to go. Maybe not just yet but some- time. I dont know whether it matters muchwhich side of mystery God feeds me on. lamfed. Here or there, nowhere or anywhere, lamjoyous, a part of things, not to be skipped—anatom but for which the stars would not holdtogether. That's enough for any sane man toknow about himself. Yet that's not all I knowabout myself. I know God made no mistakemaking me. Or making you, either. Saint orscoundrel, making anybody. I can see otherthings put aside for my entrance. The Lord said:Give him a show. So I was piloted to this earth- star. Nobody specially welcomed me. My fa- ther and mother were there. And a few others.Some may have been sorry. But luckily I wasthere and in my baby way welcomed myself. Idid not rock in that first cradle and say nothing.Think of the journeys I had lived through andsung through before I got here. Think of godsand men and animals and suns and all sorts ofsoul stuffs and body stuffs that compounded toproduce me. Is it any wonder lam stuck on my- self after that? I would not be paying great trib- ute to what went before or to what is to comeafter if I did not stand here now in great prideand declare the wonder of my flesh and the won- der of my spirit. I tell yon gods are all right.Yes, and the law of gravitation is all right. Yes, and Beethoven and Socrates and Lincoln were allright. Bnt how about me? Am I not just asmuch all right? Suppose an impossibility. Sup- pose I had not been born. Suppose somethinghad sidetracked me. What would have happenedto eternity? I dont see how Jesus could havebeen passed by. Nor do I see how I can bepassed by. God had to do it. When the timecame for me God had no alternative. You mightas well put off to-morrow as put off a man whenhis day has come. So I got my size and shape. Iam as big as anything because nothing big orlittle could get along without me. lam as beau- tiful as anything because nothing beautiful couldbe beautiful without me. Do you call yourself aworm? That's all right if you mean to honorthe worm. But if you mean to abase yourselfthen you are unjust to the worm. I never askmyself: Do you know how little you are? lamalways nudging myself in the ribs and asking:Do you realize how big you are? Nor how badI am. No. But how good I am. Nor how pos- sible it is for me to fail. No. But how im- possible it is for me not to succeed. So you seehow it is lam glad I was born. You may see howfar back my reasons go. You may see how farahead my reasons go. I have trailed no sableclouds of regret across my past. I drag no ob- strucing burden of doubt up to the door of thefuture. I keep all ways open to all life. I havereceived an inheritance. It crowds me to reple- tion with riches. It builds on after all tradi- tional builders are done. It is fiery with extra- mortal inspirations. Which all comes with being glad I was born. I hear people speak of beingborn right. Was anybody ever born wrong? Iwas born incomplete bnt I was born right. Thecomplete invites the incomplete. I was not puthere finished. I was put here on the way. Iwould be sorry if I thought I was born finished.A man born finished, his task is done. He couldretire. That would be the mistake. But thecosmos never errs. The cosmos is process. It isnot end. So I'm glad I was born. Glad for thegrief. Glad for the joy. Satisfied to struggle.To fall in hell and pick myself up in heaven. Sat- isfied with the devil in me and the god in meworking off their equal debts. I'm glad I wasborn. I might go on using words forever sayingthat. Yet my account would only then begin tobe paid. I'm so glad I was born.I'm so glad I was born. And yon are one ofmy reasons for being glad. You were born, too.And I hope yon are as glad about me as I am gladabout you. I hope you are glad you were born.They say this is a vale of tears. So it is. It isalso a vale of laughter. And laughter and tearsgive life a single purpose. And laughter in tearsis glorious. Ho you think I try to hide sorrowfrom myself? It sweetens the sap of the tree. Itake sorrow for the uses of joy. I dont let sor- row get away with the field. I dont let the badincrease and crowd out salvation. I'm so glad Iwas born. There's so much work to do. And I'mglad I was born just this time. If I had beengiven a choice of all ages I would have chosenjust this age. Not old Greece with all its artor old Rome with all its conquests or France in eighty-nine or America in seventy-six or sixty- one. No age of Pericles for me. No Weimar.No Granada. No Elizabethan era. No age ofprivileged exceptions. Give me the Bowery andnineteen hundred six. Give me the democraticrule. God anticipated my whim and said:Humor him—it wont hurt. So I came along aswell prophesied as anybody. And I know it wonthurt. It will help. Do you suppose I mean noth- ing? Then if I mean nothing God means noth- ing and the stars mean nothing and the love inyour heart means nothing. lam not in doubtabout my power and my style. The earth wontbe just the same after lam done. It will be dif- ferent and better. I am appointed to make itbetter. So are you. Do you not see that plainlyindicated everywhere: So are you? I will notbray a path into history. Nor fill ostentatiousoffices. Nor be recognized as the supreme mas- ter this or that of a profession. But the universecant spare me. I, too, must mount the cross.The universe needs my mediation. I know I wasnot produced for nothing. It cost a heap to pro- duce me. I must catch up with an immense an- cestral obligation. I must make good for my cos- mic bed and board. I have got to prove that thefirst atom in faraway time knew what it wasabout when it attracted and repulsed anddreamed towards me. I've got to justify all ofmy ancestors and I've got to lay my plans somy descendants will justify me. I must passeverything on with something added to it. Mu- sic with more music. Painting with more paint- ing. Good books with more good books. All the noble work of man with more noble work ofmen added. No way turning the tide back. Withhappiness enough in me to last all the? miseryout. With light enough in me to last all themisery out. With light enough in me to last allthe darkness out. With strength enough in meto last all the weakness out. Sad, too, for thosein grief. But gladder, too, for those who arereprieved. Certain that whatever may come noeclipsing harm can come. Certain that no rain- drop in the universe can lose its way. Certainthat, we are jealously cared for though we do notalways see the hand that cares and though thathand is sometimes cruel. When I see how muchthere is in my life to be glad for I forget thatthere is anything in my life to be sorry for. Ihave no quarrel with the barbarous minute thehour is so gentle. With the contrary day theyielding year is so conciliatory. With distortedages the symmetry of time is so perfect. I donot feel like a waif lost somehow in chaos. lamat home in the midst of order. It seems worthwhile to live in a universe that is making, thathas not made, its title. The universe did not doall its work the first day. It said to itself: I'llalways leave something over for the workers todo. It said to itself: Traubel will come someday: leave something over for Traubel. It saidto itself: Or anybody, everybody, millions ofbodies, will come some day: leave something overfor them all. The cosmos is left at loose endshere and there. That was just meant for you.Go to work on it. I)out fret and growl. Dontsit down and cry and tell yourself that it's a rather shameful cosmos anyway and might havebeen immaculate if it had chosen to. No. Be acosmos yourself. Be a god or a first assistantor a fourth remove man or sombody and put in abit of perfection over your own name. Get intothe nebulous push somewhere. Drag, shove, pull,lift: do something to add to the active substanceof deity. I'm mighty glad so much was left over.I dont want to send in to the celestial court anyexcuse for default. The lords god may say: Weneed not worry: our brother is there. The lordsgod know what they are about. They know theirbrother can be relied on. They may sleep with- out bad dreams. Does it ever occur to you togive the overworked gods a rest and get busyyourself? The heart's good will should come outof the heart with gladness on its lips. The songshould be glad it got done. It should lift itstones in praise. lam glad I got done. I lift mytones in praise. Creation belongs to gladness.Can anything that is sorry it was born give birthto life that will be glad it is alive? Laughter isthe headline and footnote and signature of crea- tion. When the dream to be a man became aman cosmos laughed. It was happy. It had doma creditable job. When a man somewhere livedlove's equal and final life with a woman some- where and a child somewhere flamed from themutual fire, the sun laughed in kinder beams oflight and the starshine smiled over the cradledhope. Igo everywhere saying lam glad I wasborn. It is such an innocent thing to say. Itseems so like a child to say it. Yet I never heardyou say it. lam waiting to hear you say it. I want to hear you say it once. Then I want tohear you say it always. Get in the habit of say- ing it. So possessed you cant help saying it.No matter who or what says no saying yes your- self. Saying it to yourself when you are alone,saying it to us, saying it in silences, saying it outloud. No: I never heard you say it. I have heardyou read the riot act on creation. I have heardyou growl like a bear and squeak like a rat. Ihave heard you tell how bad life is. Not howgood life is: no: how bad. How bad a toothacheis. Not how good a sound tooth is: no: how bad.There are bleak winds and consuming fires. Ihave been frostbitten and burned. Why shouldyou make so much the most of misery and somuch the least of health? Why should you enterall the charges and none of the credits? Whyshould you not put in a figure or two on theother side and admit the balance of benefit?What's the use always going down stream? Whynot also go up with the flood? I am possessedwith gladness. I can see that all the worldsgroan and travail in laughter. I can see that theshadow laughs in the sun. I can see that thewrongs laugh in the right. I can see the greedsthat destroy laugh in the generosities that save.I can see all that is crooked in the social orderlaughing itself into all that will be straight inthe social order. Over all I prevail: I, too, godby heritage, recreating the forever recreatedstars. I, too, adding more gladness to the multi- plied gladness of time. I, too, pouring out of mylimitless stores limitless streams of rejoicing. I,too, an equal maker and sustainer of undoubted life. I, too, smiling back order into any chaos.I, too, always merry and rejuvenescent. I whoam so glad I was born.I'm so glad I was born. I like to tell aboutthat. I like to say it to people who want to hearand to people who do not want to hear. I like totell it to the man who is about to give up. I no- tice that he begins again. I like to tell it to themusician who thinks his inspiration is all gone. Inotice that now he writes the finest songs ever. Ilike to tell it to the lover who is not loved. I no- tice that he is afterwards satisfied to love, notcrazy to be ] oved. I like to tell it to the man whois robbed and to the man who robs. I notice thatboth hear me right for both see that it is better tobe robbed than to rob. I like to tell it. to the sick.The sick take hope. The sick, too, say: We areglad we were born. Glad to be born even if bornto sickness. (Though no one is born to sickness.)And gladness is forever the footway of dreams. Ican go to the injustices of the world with my joy.I am not afraid that the injustices can refute myjoy. For injustice never can refute justice. Myjubilant rhapsodies will prevail. They will gowhere nothing else will go. They will go wherearguments will not go and figures will not go.They will go where logic will not go and law willnot go. They will go where the pride of faith willnot go and the humility of faith will not go. Theywill go where the sun will not go and the rainswill not go. I say I'm glad I was born. I amgood seed for any ground. No soil could be sobad my seed is not good for it. I am good willfor any life. No life could be so poor my seed is not rich for it. I ain the victorious day thatcomes after every other day has come and failed.I am the courage that comes after every otherresolution has come and failed. lam everythingtrue that comes after everything false has comeand failed. lam the conquering work of yourbrains and your hands that comes after all otherwork has come and failed. I'm so glad I wasborn. Glad for the universe. What luck it wasto the universe the day I was born. I feel thatthe universe was full paid all old credits that day.I came. Ido not hesitate to tell anybody howmagnificent I am. Ido not try to divert atten- tion from myself by calling attention to the earththat is so many miles through and the sun thatis so many degrees hot. I let the devastators dothat. I see how much more than their less Iamount to. Earths and suns are only a meagerper cent, to the plenty of my exaltation. Youcant take earths and suns to your heart. Butyou can take me to your heart. You cant takeyour degrees and decorations to your heart. Theyalways fall short of solace and must fall short.But you can take me to your heart. I never fallshort. You cant take your position in society toyour heart. You cant take your overcapitalizedname to your heart. You cant take your richesto your heart. Oh, you cant take your riches, allyour thousands, all your houses, all your swellpossessions, to your heart: and they cost youmuch. But you can take me to your heart, youcan take my eyes that see and ears that hear toyour heart, you can take my announcements ofimmortal life to your heart: they never default, never fall short: and they cost yon nothing. Iguess I have said all I can say about that. I havegot so far in my raptures now I have got beyondwords. You must get the rest without words.I'm so glad I was born. And so I have come to sing life: I have come to bring thatwhich is hidden to the surface:And so I have been set apart to deal honestly with manand woman and sex and suffer for it:And so I have been chosen from all the rest as the one whocan say what the rest think and desire and dare notjustify:And so I declare for them: for the discredited dreams: forthe obscured purposes: declare for them and invite thosewho are angry to take it out of me:And so I stand about where the most people are and issuemy challenge and wait for the result:Feeling back of me holding me up the brave beautiful averagemen and women mv comrades who look to me to servevthem:Coming into the big world with my little challenge: receiving my cues from what is suppressed in others:Casting my uncompromising nos into the faces of the rulersof the earth: defying their fences and their writtencompacts. PANKHURST Pankhurst. The world has been saying thatword under its breath and over its breath. Youhave been saying it. The papers have been say- ing it. It has been on the lips of professors andagitators. It has been made fun of and beenshuddered over. Maybe you have thought it wasthe name of a woman. So it was. But it wasmore than that. It was the name of a revolution.As the name of a woman it would mean nothingin particular. As the name of a revolution it be- comes prophecy and history. That's why thepeople who put the woman in jail found that theycouldn't put the revolution in jail. And if youcant forcibly feed a woman how much less likelyyou are to forcibly feed a revolution. That sin- gle word of two syllables. It cuts into prejudicelike the blade of a knife. A woman's name. Sayit over to yourself. At first it may sound com- monplace. But keep on. Say it over and over.It will become marching armies. It will becomemartial music. It will trumpet you to vast vic- tories. Women don't need to say woman now.They only need to say Pankhurst. You tellme I am talking of an arrogant woman onlya few feet high who is bent upon destruction.Yes: lam talking of her. She is the gatewaythrough which I pass. But lam also talking ofthe revolution which is so high no vision canreach its summit. Pankhurst is a dream cometrue. Pankhurst is an ideal in action. This law. She's inveterate. She asserts, she sum- mons, she demands. Yet she's calm. She: themother incarnate. She's the maternal made rev- olution. She's sex. Women don't all recognizeher. They are dubious. But she proceeds andsays nothing. She asks no favors and gives none.She dont apologize. She asks nobody's forgive- ness. She makes no palsying explanations. Shegoes on and on. Just as gravitation goes on andon. Just as time goes on and on. My eyes neverstop with the woman. I pass to that by whichshe is fortified. Listen to what she says. Doyou belittle her message ? Return: listen again:weigh her grave confessions. Every word shesays is the word of revolution. Dont you thinkyou've been warned enough? Get your impudentproperty out of the way. That infernal property.It interrupts the vision. But for it we'd gostraight to our end. Pankhurst. I heard herspeak the other night. It was in a hall. Thou- sands of people were there. She was on the bigstage in the half dark. She spoke to us. Thegreat building disappeared. The woman whospoke and those who were spoken to disappeared.I was left alone with an idea. The pure, theuiidefiled, idea. Revolution. Are you afraidnow? Is the mother in you afraid—or thefather? Or is the child in you afraid? Do youshrink back with horror from this issue? Youdare to acknowledge mothers. But are you afraidof the maternal? You dare to say woman. Butare you afraid to say revolution? Woman isoffering no petition. She is not saying herprayers. She is not humbly beseeching anybody for anything. Woman is vehemently afoot fullarmed marching victoriously across the earth ex- acting tribute making light of the phantom ob- stacles that formerly drove her back into thelambpit. If I say Pankhurst I say all of you notone of you. The great auditorium disappeared.I was alone somewhere with an idea. Herphrases are the least of her. Revolution is themost of her. What she was there before my eyesmaking a speech was as nothing compared withwhat she became to me in the unseen and thesilences. I am awed. The revolution becomesflesh. The revolution becomes woman. Shesailed across the ocean in a ship. She put hername on the ship's register. Revolution came inanother name. And the registry registered it inanother name. Then they didn't want her toland. Some of them. They didn't know her byher real name but even as it was they felt thather ominous entrance promised no good. Revo- lution waited for revolution. Woman waited forwoman. Have you gone about all these yearssupposing woman wouldn't finally strike herblow? She waited till it was time. The woman'sday is here. The man's day, too: for man canhave no day without woman nor woman withoutman. Many of you still tremble. You'd rathershe hadn't come. But it had to happen. Therevolution was due. You harbored it under dis- guise. She set it out in the open. You didn'twant to acknowledge how big round it was. Sherefused to hide the fact from itself. You werethe disciples of revolt. Or the partners. Or therevolutionary faithfuls. But she was more. She was revolution incarnate. She was the godmadewoman sent to earth to proclaim the future.There you have it. Not a mere woman. Thougha mere woman is no more to he made light of thana mere man or a mere cosmos. Yet not a merewoman. That, surely: then infinitely more thanthat. Revolution. Pankhurst.Pankhurst. The shadow on the horizon. Theblack darkness gathering overhead and around.The threatening forefinger of fate. The menaceof maternity. The uprising of a sex. The com- rade woman challenges the wife woman. It mustbe resented. We must throw back the waves ofthe sea. Here is another revolt against property.These people too put people first. How mon- strous. To put a woman or a man first. Toput a mother first. We must teach mothers theirplace. And people too: we must teach them theirplace. The death of a man or a woman: what isthat? But burning down a house: that is anattack on civilization. These new women wanteverything. They treat husbands as if they wereno more than men. They treat property as if itwas dirt under their feet. They say nothing mat- ters but hearts and love. Well: hearts and loveare not bad if you keep them where hearts andlove belong. But if you bring hearts and loveinto politics or economics then you are invadinga forbidden sphere. We've got to set back theclock. Time's going too fast. A man said: Idont like it. I asked him: Dont like what? Hesaid: This woman business. I asked: Whatwoman business? He said: Woman in politics.I asked: Dont you think they're capable of poli- tics ? He exclaimed: My God, yes: too capable!I asked: Then why do you kick? He said: Be- cause if they go into politics they'll make this awoman's world and I dont want to live in a wo- man's world. That's it. When the woman be- comes real they dont want to live in a woman'sworld. Just as profit-believing people don't wantto live in a man's world when a real man appears.If this is not a mother's world whose world is it?The man said: I dont want to live in a woman'sworld. Just as profit-believing people dont wantfrom their own side: We don't want to live ina man's world. • Yet if this is not a father's worldwhose world is it? You dont want the world thewomen will make it possible for real fathers tolive in. Yon don't want the world the men willmake it possible for real mothers to live in. Yousay: Half a world's a good enough world for me.You say: A whole world's too big for me. Thenyou hear the reply. Then you see the reply.Words reply. Mobs reply. Conflagration re- plies. Quarrels, battles, reply. This still waterof man's peace has been ruffled by woman's tem- pest, Things were going on so good. Thenthese sexless rebels had to come. Just as moneysays to people in the economic sphere: Thingswere so serene: then you had to come. Yes,something always has to come. Every time or- thodoxy settles itself for a long tenure some- thing has to come. Just as clear days are gettingused to themselves stormy days come. We hadthings arranged just about right. It wasn't ideal.We acknowledge imperfections. But on thewhole it was about right. Woman was just about where she ought to be. Labor too was just aboutwhere it ought to be. Then something happened.Something always does happen. Labor got togrowling. And now woman's got to growling.Woman. Haven't we given woman the choicesttidbits of life? And yet she says no. She saysthat would be all right if something else was firstall right. That something else is her freedom.Is her claim to herself. She says that comesfirst. Why : that's just what labor is saying.We've got to fight labor. We've got to fighther. It's in fact one quarrel with two wings.And we'll crush them with one answer. We've gotto or this world'll go to pot straightaway. If it'sgot so that a man's got a right to be a manthrough a woman's right to be a woman. If it'sgot so that a woman's got a right to be a womanthrough a man's right to be a man. If that's sothen I want to know the reason why. This wholeliberty stuff is nonsense. Don't you see how itis ? My God! If this keeps up the first thing youknow this'll be a liberty world. Look at it hon- est. Dont you see it yourself? Reason itout in your own mind. Every other considera- tion will be set aside. Democracy will run homes,business, states, everything. Horrible. This willbe a liberty world. And I dont want to live in aliberty world. Pankhurst.Pankhurst. When I hear you say that wordI can tell what you think of yourself. I donthave to ask you for other evidences. Whetheryou lift your voice or drop it. That tells thewhole story. Whether there is any mother inyour voice. Whether there is any love in it. You're not dealing here with a person. You'redealing with a race. The person comes and goes.Rut the new day; it comes and never goes. Nowand then the world names a new star. All theglasses are lifted towards the revealed luminary.There's the clamor of those who see it and thosewho half see it and those who dont see it at all.You cant know Pankhurst by reading the per- sonals in the newspapers. You cant get ac- quainted with her by taking the stories of herlife for what they literally say. She brings allthat woman can bring. Then she brings whatwas before and what is after. If you have thegreat person theory you'll not understand whyshe is here and what she has accomplished. Butif you have the great race theory the clouds'llwash out of the skies and you'll see the sun. Wehave long said: Man shall hold no property inman. The women come along now and say:Man shall hold no property in woman. ThenIgo farther. Igo to the end. I say: Man shallhold no property in property. What are youlistening for? It's a great voice. Women arenot primarily voters. They are women. Theyare sex. They are mothers. The maternal isspeaking up for itself. Votes for women. That'sthe mere surface of the stream. Souls for wo- men. Bodies for women. That's the far cry.Every woman has a father in her. Every man hasa mother in him. That which has been confined.That shall be released. That which has been re- fused woman. That she demands. That whichwoman has refused herself. That she will re- sume. A great flame lit in a vast shadow. That's what it all is. This little woman overflowingwith calm vehemence: what is she? Just themother of two daughters? Just the wife of adead husband? Just a prisoner in British jails?That's the average of her. But that's not themost of her. She reaches out over the earth.She ceases to be a person. She becomes a pres- ence. She who can be measured becomes theimmeasurable. My eyes sweep her inspiring hor- izons. I follow her lead. Let her go where herfeet and her wings take her. Down anywhere,up anywhere. Resisted no matter how, welcomedno matter where. Every mile she travels is sa- cred to a common trust. Dedicated to a uni- versal purpose. Are you skulking? Do youworry the years away with quibbles? Ratherthat every atom of property should go up insmoke if the people are left. Rather anythingthan that the soul should pay the bills of prop- erty. When men are victims you say: We aresaved. When dollars are victims you say: Weare ruined. You can brush aside a man or awoman. But you cant alter the will of the fates.You can turn your back to the sunshine. Butyou cant stand in the way of the sun. You cantake the splash of the sea. But you cant stopit from rolling up the shore. You can lock your- self in your house. But you close the rest ofus out. When the man comes what has the wo- man got to say? When the woman comes whathas the man got to say? The answer of the manis found in the woman. The answer of the wo- man is found in the man. The woman has thefloor. She asks her pertinent impertinent ques- tions. She asks whys and wherefores. You ex- hibit your tax receipts in reply. She asks youwhat you are. You answer by showing her whatyon have. You think you shine through whatyou own. Far from that. You can only shinethrough what you dont own. This little womanhas made all your big fortunes look mean. Thislittle idea has made all your big theories lookcheap. Everything else always does look insig- nificant when a real man or woman comes round.When vou shook hands with this woman vou*/ tumore than touched the palms of life and death.When you looked into her eyes you read morethan the tablets of Sinai. When you heard herspeak words you listened to more than the musicof waters and winds. When you measured herand weighed her you tested more than the sizesand shapes of starry universes. The womancomes. Oh man: what has the woman in yougot to say of it? The man comes. Oh woman:what has the man in you got to say of it? Pank- hurst. I have met men and women and men and women: they areall sizes: yet they are all one size:I have never so far met a man or a woman little enoughfor me to be arrogant with:I have never so far met a man or a woman big enough forme to humble myself to:Men and women dont seem to me made to be figured upon:they are made to be immeasurable:They dont seem to me made to be accepted or rejected: theyare made to be my comrades:We are all so much alike I dont see how we could bedifferent:We are all so different I don't see how we could fail to bealike:A few horizons added to a man's dream: do they make oneman better than another?A few inches added to a man's waist: do they make oneman superior to another?From way up these are such minor matters: the wave dropsaway in the sea:From way up our castes and borderlines are such minormatters: they lapse away in the soul:For we are in the end not masters and slaves, not up anddown: we are only brothers and sisters. WHAT IS THE COLOR OF YOUR SKIN? What is the color of your skin? Are you achild of the sun or a child of the snow? Doyou come with red in your face? Or is there ashadow across your head? Are you the white childof a black mother or the black child of a whitemother ? I see your brown red right hand. Howwarm it feels to me. I look into your glowingequatorial eyes. How like being led to fathersand mothers that is. You bring me north southeast west. You guide yourselves to me. Youdistribute me among yourselves. lam your childno matter how. Your child no matter where.There are seas everywhere. But there is no seabetween us. There are interfering miles of spaceand hours of time. But they dont break us fromeach other. I was born of my mother and hereI am. You were born of your mothers and thereyou are. The earth was born of the sun. Thesun was born of what? I mix up the elements.I come out one place. You come out anotherplace. From the same mother womb. Fromthe same father seed. To the same brother earth.Do you hold a noose over me? Or drop a swordfrom above as I pass? Or shoot me down inmy tracks? Or pass laws of which I'm the vic- tim? Or lock your housedoors when I knock?My credentials are the same as yours: no betterthan yours. lam the harvest of the same plant- ing :no more than that harvest. Like you I haveone life to live on one earth before I pass on. DoI stand on my icy heritage and freeze the heat out of your love? Remember the stream: go upwith it to its sources: go down with it to the sea.Every atom dancing in the light or clouded by thestorm advances and retreats in perfect equity andperfect order. Dear prouds and humbles: byGod I'm yours and you're mine. Do you believethat anything can take you from me or takeme from you? I meet you. I read about you.lam told all the terrible truths. But everythingdraws me nearer. Nothing drives me away. Ifyou could be less to me than I am to myself thenI would have to be more to myself than I couldbe to you. That would violate my democracy.That would be setting one thing above another.When I elevate myself with all I am a democrat.When I lift myself above the rest I am a tyrant.Listen to me. Yon who are reading what I write.Maybe you are black. Maybe you are pink orwhite or vellow. Maybe vou are between or*J tJ Vacross. All that goes with maybe. But whenyou are my brother there is no maybe to it. If Icould look at any man-and not see his mother asmy own I'd be false to all motherhood. If Icould look at any woman and not see her father asmy own I'd be false to all fatherhood. I'm notsatisfied with one mother. I want all mothers.Nor with one father. I want all fathers. Norwith my children. I want all children. I'm notsatisfied with one color. I want all colors. Norwith one race. I want all races. Nor with onelanguage. I want all languages. My hunger isfiercely universal. I'm not fed till I've eaten atevery table. I can only know one woman byknowing all women. I can only know one peo- pie by knowing all peoples. What is the colorof my skin? What is the sound to the song?What is the water to the ocean? That's whatthe rest of me is to my exterior. That's whatthe substance in me is to my show. That's whatmy foundations are to my rooftree. There at thebottom we are together. And at the top: therewe are together. We begin together and end to- gether. But we are alienated in the journey.When we start out in the morning we say goodby. When we meet again at night we ask: Howdo you do? What wrenched us apart in the strug- gle of the pilgrimage? Why should those whoare friends before and friends again after be ene- mies while they travel? I say to the other—col-ored peoples: You have to be my brothers whe- ther you want to or not, thank God. Ho they sayto me: You have to be my brother whether youwant to or not, thank God? What is the colorof your soul ? What is the color of your skin ?What is the color of your skin? I see. Youare a nigger. You are a damned dago. You arethe man on the other side of the wall. The manover somewhere. The yellow peril. The igno- rant dirty emigrant. The two for a quarter sixfor a half dollar mill slave. There is a borderline between us. There are incomes between us.There is a whole code of manners between us.You are the godforsaken polack. You are thehooknosed jew. You are the monkeyfaced irish- man. You are the beerguzzled deutscher. I callyou names. I can't see you. You are in the nextyard. The stars look just as well from the nextyard. But I insist upon the exclusive astronomy of my own garden. I smell your stale clothes. Iam choked by the aromas of your foul kitchens.Would you like your sister to marry an african?I'm not fussy. I'm only a man. A white man.I don't draw lines ferninst you. I only drawlines in favor of myself. Do you mean to sayyou think these ignoramuses as good as yourself ?Do you tell me that you're no better than theherd? Nonsense. There's the nietzschean wordfor it. The average man is the herd. The awk- ward big-fisted loon. The idiot crowd. The peo- ple everybody kicks. The folks everybody de- spises. The men women children you wouldn'tinvite into your home. I use them. Ride them.Make money off them. But that's all I want ofthem. Just the robber money. Not the man love.Look at them filing to work tired to start with.Look at them filing back from work like a funeralnearly dead to end with. They're a rum lot.They're worth a hundred cents on the dollar andup in the labor market. They're worth about tencents on the dollar and under 011 the social plane.My God! but they're a scabby bunch. It makesme sick to see them. Look at them as they worktheir treadmill. Don't they give themselvesaway? Right and left, north and south, lookwhere you choose: they are the slobbering to- baccoey stay-behinds and passbacks of the dump- heap. Every mother's son of 'em useful to memaybe but useless to themselves. Down in theirluck, to be sure. But sentenced for life just thesame. The jackjohnsons of society. The refuseof birth and death. The clods. The dullards.The heavyfooted and heavyheaded bowlegs and knock-knees. The slave asses yoked to an in- escapable bnrden. Who are you that yon dontbelong? Are you of us few or of their verymany? Are you of the interest bearing rentcollecting profit class or do you fester in thesemaggoty bottoms of fate? Stay where you fallno matter how far down you are. Dont try toclimb. We shove you all over the cliff again.We throw dust in your eyes. We confuse you inclouds of verbiage. We disarm you. We havelaws to make you afraid. We have creeds tomake you hopeless. We have poets who kill youwith pensive despairs. Do you dare aspire toanything? Stay where you are in your deepmud. There is no above to vou. No bevoiid.No ease. No dreamworld. You were condemnedbefore you were born. You remain condemnedwhile you live. And you will continue con- demned when you become the dung in the barn- yard at last. A woman heard me expressing myrace faith. She asked me: "How would youlike to have a grandchild with a black skin?"That was it. That was the whole devilish poison- ous story. The entire problem prejudice in anutshell. She didn't ask: How would you liketo have a grandchild with a black soul? Thatwould have meant something. But she wasn'tinterested in souls. She was interested in skins.How would I like to have a grandchild with ablack skin. What is the color of your skin?What is the color of your skin? Maybe youhave a black skin and a white heart. Maybe youhave a white skin and a black heart. I dontknow. We talk about the yellow peril when we think of Asia. And we talk about the brownperil when we think of Italy. And we talk aboutthe black peril when we think of South Carolina.But all of us are afraid to talk of the white peril.I see no perils. My arms reach out to all. Iwant the Chinaman to possess himself of theearth if he's an earth man. Let him freely passright and left testing himself and us. Dont putup pennywise barriers built 011 poundfoolishlaws. Bather do anything than stop your fra- ternities short of the total census of man. Everyinterfering sea, every contradicting statute, everycounterchecking prejudice, every adventure inmoney-making, that nullifies the international in- ference is a slap in the face of brotherhood.Damn up the human stream. Then you damndown the soul. The old negro mammy in Georgiaasked me as I left: Will you do something forme? I said: Yes, if you'll do something forme? She asked: Will you kiss me good by? Isaid: Yes—on condition that you kiss me goodby. I would only be worthy to take if I wasworthy to give. I'd say to all the world: I wouldonly be worthy of loving if I was worthy of beingloved. I would only be worthy of being an Amer- ican if I was worthy of being a Jap. I wouldonly be worthy of serving if I was worthy ofbeing served. I would only cease being a perilif I ceased calling others perilous. How could Ibe worthy of being a white man if I was too goodto be a black man? Ethiopia cries out loud toScandinavia, India cries out loud to England.All the peoples cry out loud from everywhere toall the peoples. There is no peril in peoples. There is only peril in you and me. There is noperil in anything that brings any of us together.There is only peril in what keeps us or drives usapart. Igo with mothers fathers children. Igowith birth and death. Igo with dreaming and be- lieving. Igo with mixing and mating. These arethe same everywhere. The same with you blackand me white. The same with my skin burnt tofire and the same with your skin frozen to thewhiteness of snow. The same with duskies andpalefaces. I dont go with maps. With geogra- phies. With diplomacies. With kingdoms andrepublics. With genius aristocracy pauperism.With success and the main chance. I only gowith people. With folks. And with them I goanywhere they go. Into any hell or any heaven.Into any hope or any despair. With people.Where people go I may go too. But where peo- ple are refused there lam shut out. The womanasked me: Would you like to have a grandchildwith a black skin? She brought her question tothe wrong court. She should not have addressedit to me. She should have taken it to God.Would God like to have a grandchild with ablack skin? It's as though we asked God: Whatwould you think of yourself if you happened tobe black or red? What is the color of your soul?What is the color of your skin? O you despairers of destiny! O you plunderers of time!you make a great noise in the silences:All that you need to do is to open your eyes: that is thesecret: look:You come to me; I cant look for you: I can only say, look:I cant give you a free pass to the promised land: I canonly say look: if you only look you will need no pass:O, why do you bury your face in the dust? get up: liftyourself high enough to look over your own head:Everything you love is yours. YOU WRITERS You writers who are trying to write. You ar- tists anywhere who are trying for art. You whomay be successful but have not arrived. You whohold yourselves in a class apart play thegame of temperament. You fools, liars, orna- menters, hypocrites, prostitutes, of words. Youwho wouldn't sell your bodies but who sell yoursouls. You who have taken to the street forprofit. You who hunger for flattery and thirstfor fame. You betrayers of the people. Youwho put words on yourselves as chains. Youwho are goods to the highest bidder. All of you.I have something to say to you. You may havesaid it to yourself. But I'm going to say it any- how. Both for your good and mine. Somethingserious. Something that goes to the root. I'lltalk right out. For somehow you who might beare not. You to whom a trust is given have be- trayed it. I believe in the sac redness of the word.I want words to be gods, paradises, service. Iwant words to live. I want words to be creators.Some writers are so vital they cant say and orthe or but without thrilling you. There are somewriters so dead they cant say immortality with- out a funeral. I want the living word. Howcan I get it? By using words instead of beingused by words. By speaking out of my heartinstead of out of books. By not trying to write.By living. Some authors write as if they neverhad been born. They say: I did my best. I say:Bather your worst. When you talk to me face to face you are worth every minute. When youtalk to me on paper in a hook you are a wasteof time. What happens to a man in the periodbetween what he feels and what he does? Whatcatastrophe occurs? Why does he go to smashin the process? He is so alive in what he hu- manly and so dead in what he professionallysays. What is the poison that comes between?Money? Prestige? Or is it some false principleof art? Do your words, do your colors, do yourtones, take you away from rather than towardsyour inspiration? You try too hard. Youshouldn't try at all. An artist's sketches are won- derful. His finished canvases are commonplace.His sketches are impromptu. His paintings aredesigned. He did the sketches. The paintingsdid him. He didn't try in the sketches. He wasall try in the paintings. You writers who aretrying to write. Are you trying to live ? I admityour display. I admit your phrases. But you?Do I admit you? Yes. But not the you youget into your books. My words belong wheremy heart is. lam not willing to feel one thingand write another. Let me be the servant of mvemotions. Down below all my words is all mylife. Rooted in the soil. Established in theunalterable laws. Dedicated to the supreme in- ferences. If my words dont say that they lieabout me. lam the fact the words are supposedto report. If they dont express me Igo unrep- resented. I dont try to be anything. I just letmyself be whatever results. It would be as badfor me to force myself to be something as for meto force myself not to be something. There are so many artists and there is so little art. Thereare so many writers and there is so little writing.There is so much painting and there are so fewpictures. We are overclothed. Our wardrobeis rich. We are jeweled. We are placed onthrones. But what are we anyhow? We arehumbug kings. We are fraud citizens. Whatwe are not we are. What we are we are not.The same thing which makes some men look forsocial prestige makes an author look for literaryprestige. We give up the same things for it. Welie and duck and play sycophant for it. We foolpeople. We make black white and white black.We trifle away serious things. And we are seri- ous over trifles. All for what? In order to ap- pear to be what we are not. We are masquer- aders. Words are the tools of our burglary.Words are the cant of our religion. Words arethe sophistry of our law. Words are the fog welose our way in. We'd be safe if it wasn't forwords. Words are our peril. Words are the ob- stacles in the way. If you want to be under- stood dont talk. Whatever you have to say,dont trust it to words. Try not to try. Cutloose. Throw the reins on their necks. I seemany books. And yet there is only one book. Isee the broad highway and the countless journey- ers. Where are they all going? The girl looksat herself in the glass. She wants to be pretty.A little paint and powder is added here andthere. A few words are added here and there.It's all the same thing. You bribe, steal, seduce.You make use of words not for the purpose of be- ing true but for the purpose of being beautiful. Show: that's what you want. Distinction: that'swhat you want. To he considered clever. To bea best seller. To go into many editions. To beinvited to lecture in colleges. To be asked towrite for the magazines. To be in demand. That'swhat you use words for. So as to be listed inthe literary four hundred. So as to be set apartsomehow. You want to be extraordinary. It hasgot so the writer stands above and condescends.He don't stand below and look up. He regardsthe people as pawns. He'll use them in the game.But he won't concede their equality. He plansfor so much a year. He figures at receptions.The colleges give him titles. He dont want tobe average. He wants to be exceptional. So hetries to write. He gives his writing little pullsand twists so as to adjust it to the market. Hetakes words off here and puts words on there be- cause he wants his disguise to be complete andimpressive. Go look at the books in libraries.They are the endless roster of the dead. Mostmen bury themselves in books. Only occasionallydoes a man resurrect himself in a book. Hemakes his writing the parade. It marches withbrass bands. Everybody knows it's coming. Andeverybody knows of it after it's gone. But noth- ing can make it live. Active as it seems to beit's still a burial. You who have tried so hardand have not succeeded may yet learn that heonly succeeds who dont try at all. When youtry—that means that you're up against it. Whenyou've got to engineer. When you've got towatch your ps and qs. When you're afraid you'llnot know how to turn a sudden corner. Then you're no use. Then you're firing in the air.You're to discover how to win without caringwhether you win or lose. You're to find out thatyou'll arrive without worrying over the process.He is surest who dont ask for pledges. Wordsare a fatality. You writers who are trying towrite.You writers who are trying to write. Youwho'd do anything rather than be thought of noimportance. You who'd murder the language orrape it or rob it or do anything to it rather thannot make your point. You: what have Ito sayto you? Just what I have been saying. Go onwith your dance. Get what you can out of thedisgraceful scramble. Poke your heads into theslop trough. Let me paraphrase the man whoadvised his boy to get money. Make books.Honestly if you can. But make books. Tryfor points. If you cant make them on the squaremake them on the foul. Try to write. Dont tryto think. Dont try to love. Dont try to serve.Try to write. Get a reputaion. Never mindyour character. Do everything you can to con- vince everybody that you are what you know youare not. A man has to make a living. Thereforehe has to do what he has to do to get it. So youhave to be notorious. Therefore you have to dowhat you have to do to get notoriety. If youhave to murder your mother to get success mur- der your mother. What's one mother to one suc- cess? If you have to starve children in factoriesto get success starve children. What are a fewchildren out of so many? You are the spokes- man of life and death. You can be hired for so much per to aid and abet the orthodoxies. Sellyour soul. What is one soul, even if it's yoursoul, to one success? Your words. You canturn them into nugget values. You can set ahigh figure on them. And you can hypnotizethe purchaser. Not a word without pay. Thisis a world and a time of bargain and sale. Makethe world pay. Watch the market. See what itwants. Give it that. Try to conform. Try towrite not your soul's words or your heart's wordsbut trade's words. Give the verbal stock marketall the preferences. Everybody else sells what- ever he can. You have words. Words are vourt/only treasure. Why shouldn't you sell words?And you will sell the words that are according tofashion not the words that are according to truth.Just as the rhyming lilting poets write the wordsnot of faith but of formula. If the issue is be- tween the rules and the exception the rule has togo. Write book words. And write pretty words.Even if the ugly word says more than the prettyword choose the pretty word. Be an artist. Workfor the art result. Whatever you do, dont workfor the human result. Keep your eye on alpha- bets and words and sentences. Dont let youreye wander off to life. If you give your spiritany liberties it's liable to play the bull in thechina shop and smash your fine wares into atragic litter. You want to know whether I'dseriously advise such treason. I say yes. Whynot? You are an artist. You are not a man.You want me to price you by art standards. Youdont want me to price you by human standards.The art standard might just as well be crooked as straight. It might just as well be a whore as awoman. It might just as well grovel and snuffand wallow as aspire and soar. The crook says:Dont judge me by the human standards. Hewants to be judged by the crook standards. Andfrom the crook standards why shouldn't a crookbe a crook? The writer says: Dont judge meby the human standards. He wants to be judgedby the writer standards. And from the writerstandard why shouldn't a writer be a writer?Artist or crook. Crook or artist. It's the same.People think it wrong to steal money. But theydont think it wrong to steal words. The onlyword that belongs to the writer is the word thatbelongs where it's put. If it dont belong therethen it's stolen. It's far worse to play false withwords than to play false with money. Money?The next dollar may purify the money account.Words? Words may be prostituted forever. Butdont let that discourage you. Make good evenif you have to make bad. I cant see any otherway out for you. Let the worst in you do itsbest for you. Dont be too squeamish. Remem- ber that it's all dirty business anyway. Everystep you take is a surrender. Down, down, intobottomless confusions you sink yourself. Youhaven't grown into art. You have built yourselfinto art. You haven't written out of people andlife. You have written out of scholars and books.You have committed in words all the felonies ofthe calendar. But because they are words youhaven't felt guilty. You say: They are onlywords. Why should a man be expected to bescrupulous with words? You might as well say of love: Love is only love. And you might aswell ask: Why should a man be expected to bescrupulous with love? If the right word paysuse it. But if it's more profitable to use thewrong word, use that. You express every hor- ror of the white slave traffic. But what shall wesay of the word slave traffic? There are housesof bondage. And there are books of bondage.Writers say words. But only a writer rare amongwriters says the word. Who is the criminal ? Theman who steals goods or the man who violates athought. What are you doing with words ? Giv- ing them to life or giving them to death? Mak- ing them counterfeit or keeping them genuine?Not trying to get life from words? But rathergiving life to words? You merchants in words.You traders of dreams. You who are always try- ing for art but who never try for love. You whoalways estheticise with the elect but refuse tofraternize with the crowd. You who go the waythe wind blows. You who yield to art the trib- ute of life instead of exacting for life the tributeof art. You who are the climbers. You whowould give up your souls for a phrase. You whowould rather write a pretty sentence. You whowould rather have a style. You who wouldrather be classified with the intellectuals. Youwho whatever you are beg, borrow or steal yourway into eminence. You distorters of scripture.You criminals of words. You parricides of gos- pels. You executioners of discovery. You smoth- erers of freedom. You writers who are trying towrite.You writers who are trying to write. Stop try- ing to write. Then you can write. Live. Letthe writing take care of itself. Trust yourselvesto moods. Trust yourselves to words. Trustyourselves to what may happen. Then somethingworth while will turn up. The man who arguesabout his sins is sick. The artist who arguesabout his technique is sick. That accounts forall the dead books. A man who's busy telling astory is spending no time wondering how his Eng- lish is. I wouldn't advise you to study to be anartist? No. I'd rather have you study not tobe an artist. If you'll only let yourself aloneyour art will come. And if you'll only let yourart alone your life will come. In that perfect re- sult your spirit will triumph. But if you inter- fere with the fine balance either Avay you'll nul- lify the victory. Sometimes when I see all theliars of the world I wish all the books mighthave remained unwritten. But sometimes whenI read a great book I see how even all the littlebooks are excused. The man who tries to livegenerally dies. But the man who is indifferentto life becomes immortal. The super man is theman who's superior to life or death. The superbook is the book that's superior to technique.The super merchant is the merchant who's supe- rior to buying and selling. Super writing is thewriting that's superior to authorship. You arenot to be curious about writing. You are to justwrite. You are not to be curious about the re- ward. You are to just take what comes. Ifyou're prosperous you're to ask: What's wrongwith me? And if you're a failure you're to ask:Do I deserve such honor? You are not to say: I'll put a book into my life. You're to say: I'llput a life into my book. You are not to producea work of art. You are to produce a work of life.You may have to give up your best adjectives.Or maybe your largest nouns. Or maybe a virileverb or two. To get what? To get life. You'vegot to give up everything to get life. The wholelanguage if necessary. The whole fabric of deli- cate grace. All the flowers of speech. All therhymes and lilts. All the niceties of manner andthe assurances of routine. They must all go. Alleffort must go. You've not only got to be free ofthe alphabet. And not only free of the traditions.And not only free of the cliques. But you've gotto be free of effort. You've got to cease trying.You've got to get where you have stopped caringor not caring. My call is for indifference. I sayyou are not to go round humble about what youdont do and proud about what you do do. Lifedont call for arguers and hairsplitters. Do whatyou cant help doing. Refuse to do what youcan help doing. Ease up on your nerves andyour ambitions. Desire is richest in the absenceof desire. A man's lungs dont ask any questions.They just breathe. His feet walk. His eyesopen and shut. Shall a man's art do less ? Shallit consume itself in quibbles ? Shall it dress itselfaccording to the mode? Or shall it stay in rags?You cant have both things. So which will youhave? You cant advance and retreat at the sametime. So which will you do? Can you imagineyourself neither alive nor dead? Can you seeyourself neither anxious nor not anxious? Canyou conceive of yourself as staking all and stak- ing nothing on the survival of a book? No mancan become an artist short of that. No artist canbecome a man short of that. Nirvana to tech- nique. Oblivion to rules and traditions. Let- ting the soul retreat to nebula every time itwishes to advance to creation. Starting all overagain with every word. Making every word againthe first word. Are you to refrain from schem- ing? Yes. You are to let the waters flow untotheir normal levels. You are to let the law takeits course. The law of words. The law of books..A man may get into the way of looking too muchinto himself. A book may have a man's fault. Ittoo may brood too much. Most every book thatever tried to be a book has gone bankrupt. Andmost every book that didn't worry whether it wasa book or not has won a place in the human cir- cle. It's an awful thing for a man to want tobe good. It's as awful as for a man to want tobe bad. It's an awful thing for a man's style towant to be a book. It's as awful for a man'sbook to want to be a style. It's terrible to wantto be the worst man in the world. But it's farmore terrible to want to be the best man in theworld. You writers who try: you must keep ontrying till you get beyond trying. The man whotries: he may sell out: he may go into the marketwith his equity. But the man who's got past try- ing : he's unshakably defiant. You fraud rhymers.You humbug versifiers. You dictionary hunters.You users of crooked words for straight. Youprofessors and poets. I call on you to stop try- ing. I dont want to hear any more of yourclaims. I only want to hear of your love. I dont want you to waste your time naming your- selves. I dont care what you are called. lamonly interested in what you are. You make mesick trying to be clever. Now make me well nottrying to be dull. I'm as tired seeing you try towrite as I'd be seeing you trying not to write.I want you to quit. I want you to get where youcouldn't sell if there was a buyer and where noone else could buy if there was a seller. I wantto see you who have been in verbal bond set spiritfree. I want to see you who have given up allthe life you know for words willing to give upevery word you know for life. You writers whoare trying to write. Every seed counts in the harvest:In the harvests of orchards and fields: in the harvests ofbodies and souls:In the harvests of the topless years: in the harvests of thebottomless spaces:In the harvests of cruelty and war: in the harvests of firesand frosts:In the harvests we win in our love: in the harvests we losein our hate:In the harvests that are swept into graves: in the harveststhat finish before they begin:There is no better or worse in the harvests: all counts forall in all:Every seed counts in the harvest. ALL THE ENGINEERS PERISHED All the engineers perished. The ship wentclown. Some were saved. Some were lost. Therich were mostly saved. The poor were mostlylost. But the engineers: they all drowned. Theyall stuck to their posts. Not one of them livedto tell how the rest died. They had no chance totell the world about each other. How heroic theywere. How they nonchalantly smoked their pipesas they stood waist deep in water. How theycracked jokes to the last. They just stayed be- low. They took their medicine. They may havesquealed. God knows. But they didn't run.They kept the lights burning as long as theirhearts kept beating. Who has told their story?Let me tell it. While you are busy with thesomebodies let me speak of the nobodies. Whileyou are celebrating the people with names letme celebrate the people who have no names.While you are trying to estimate how muchmoney went down in the cabin let me try tofigure how much manhood went down in the en- gine room. While you are counting up the godswho are not men let me count up the men whoare gods. It may be easy to die with the bandplaying and the world looking on. But to die inthe stillness with no one looking on may be a bitmore solemn. I'm not against dying. Hyinghas its points. Dying may be the surest wayto life. Nor am I against living. Living too hasthings to be said for it. Living may be the no- blest way to death. But I want to say things about these men and boys I never saw. I wantto say things about all the men and boys I havenever seen. The world over, everywhere, yel- low or black or white; the men and boys. Iwant to call the attention of forgetful people tothe crowd. The crowd itself forgets the crowd.It was sad to have the crew die. It was sad tohave the steerage bunch die locked in a hole.But that wasn't half as sad as to have the crowdon shore more curious about the millionaires whodied than about the paupers who died. I'm notdrawing lines on heroes. I'm not worrying aboutheroes anyway. I'm thinking of people. Myheart is drawn to people. It dont hurt what theywear. Let them wear velvet or canvas. Do yousuppose I care whether they're bad or good?Rich or poor, they're people. Every man be- longs somewhere in the crowd. Do you supposeI care whether he's at the top or the bottom?When the boat went to pot people went with it.Some because they had to. Some because theychose to. I cant separate the heroes from thecowards. So I accept them all as people. WhenI read of the fifty engineers that perished I felt asif fifty gods had been snuffed out. People talk ofa man or two or of a few dozen men as if theirdeath was only a soso bit of news. To me dyingseems sense enough. I can see how we might getused to dying and enjoy it. But we shouldn'twaste people. Our civilization is jealous of prop- erty and prodigal of people. I cant see suchwaste with equanimity. I want to save people.There's such use for people. They are so pre- cious. They are our brothers. I want my broth- ers. I dont like you to drown them cruelly inthe sea. I dont want you to destroy them inrailroad disasters. I hate your wars. They robme of my people. What do I care about yourbalance in bank? One man's life is worth allbalances in bank. Even a mean man's life? Yes.Any man's life. I pass the derelicts on the street.They are thrown aside. They have no right inthe stream. If they raise a protest they arecalled to order. The police tell them to move on.And the priests do too. And the statesmen. Thestores and the factories say move on. There's noplace for them to rest. They're hounded acrossthe earth. So the engineers perished. No onesaid much about it. They took the engineers forgranted. Did they take anyone else for granted?They always take the poor for granted. Theyexpect them to be heroes. And they expect themto die without a growl. If they growl they arein a panic. If they say: You die too, they areungrateful. If they refuse to die they are setdown for cowards. Or maybe killed. They dodie. They are sacrificed everywhere. They giveup their lives for everybody and for each other.Trainmen. Sailors. Soldiers. Thev are all setup to be shot at or starved. The women whoscrub the floors. The mothers who wrash ourclothes. They die for us. These engineers diedfor us. Fifty-three of them. Gods who kept aworld moving. Gods who stood by the law. La- borers keep our world going. They're alwaysdying for us. Dying for everybody. With nodecoration. No medals or shoulder straps. Theirnames dont get into the papers. They get no hero badges. Poems are not written to them.No one says: He died like a gentleman. No.Laborers are so busy dying like men they have110 time to die like gentlemen. They just get alittle line or two when the time comes. All theengineers perished. That sort of a line. Just astatistical record without adjectives. Just afarewell without gunfire. Just a shrug of theshoulders. Three hundred nobodies were buriedin a mine. Three hundred mere men. Threehundred dirty Italians perhaps. Three hundrednobodies the slaves of one somebody. Were theyheroes? No one cares. No one even asks. Theworld is not curious. They take care of theworld. Like the gods. They do everything. Theyare the providence of all alike loafers and work- ers. But they remain anonymous. They live alittle while and die for good. They are not names.They are numbers. It's not John this or Stephenthat or William the other. It's twelve men. Thestory dont list them. The story says: Twentydied. The next day the story says: Two morehave died of their wounds. Nobodies. Died tosave you and me. And yet they are despised.Not buried in consecrated ground. Though con- secrating the ground they are buried in. Orthe sea. The nondescript atoms of destiny. Lostin the cosmic shuffle. My brothers. My lovers.Given to the sea when it was not hungry andasked nothing. My darling comrades. Stolenfrom me when I had a right to them. I tried notto see the big letters in the paper. But it wastoo plain to be avoided. All the gods of the ma- chine went down. All the engineers perished. All the engineers perished. All the coal minerswere choked to death. All the children took sickin the factories. All the girls in stores faintedand had to he sent home. While you've beenlooking for heroes I've been looking for womenand men. Women and men are good enough forme. Being a man or a woman is far harder thanbeing a hero. I can find you heroes but they aregrowing scarce. The heroes are not improvingany. But the men and women are improving allthe time. The heroes are on top. They dance 011the roofs of the world. But the men and womenare the foundations. They are not heroes. Theyare men and women. When things happen theyare of course scared. All brave people are scaredin danger. Only the cowards have no fear. Onlythe blind and deaf and loveless are heroes. Aman has a right to be scared. And a woman.That dont mean that they run or do anythingshameful or ridiculous. It only means that theyknow what they're up against. But they staywhere they belong. They take care of things.Of this world. They remain in the shadows.Work on horror-struck in the darkness. Pacedeath trying to beg off in the dead of the night.The men and women. Who are you who buildon men and women? Who put your palaces ontheir backs? Who make them carry your bur- dens? Who suck them dry? You are heroes.You strut in spectacular places. You are heroes.But you rob them while they sleep. You areheroes. But you hit them in the back. You areheroes. But you lock them in the steerage andlet them drown in a box. Yes, you lock them in the steerage. You have made the labor world asteerage. You have locked all the laborers in.They live and die without hope. They are jailedin your profits. Your incomes turn the key inthe door. How can they get out? Your worldis for the cabins. There are no boats for thesteerage. The boats are for those who live with- out working not for those who work withoutliving. No poor man has a right to live. Ex- isting should satisfy him. This is not a worldof live and let live. It's a world of live and letdie. The heroes own the world that the peoplemake. It takes time to be a hero. People haveno time. They must work. How could theheroes be heroes if the people stopped working?So the people are not heroes. They're only menand women. They dont ornament the world.They just feed it. They just nurse it alongthrough its sicknesses. They just do everything.Men and women are the ground the heroes walkover. They are the treasure all the incomes aredrawn from. They are the ragtag and bobtailwho are everything and count for nothing. Theheroes got the band playing. No band plays formen and women. A princess in England had ababy. Parliament was about to congratulate her.Keir Hardie said: Yes, do it. But he also said:Let's condole with the widows and childrens ofthe miners who were blown to death to-day.Hardie had no taste. They all told him so. Thepapers told him so. And the em pees. And thepriests of the church. And scholars in colleges.They agreed that Hardie had no sense of de- corum. For they were congratulating a hero. A princess mother. But he was only condolingwith men and women. What do a hundred meremen miners amount to compared with one titledbaby hero? This world is not made for menand women. It's made for heroes. It's trueit's made by men and women. But that's nomatter. Making a world is one thing. I can seethat. Letting the fellow who didn't make itpossess himself of it. Dont yon see that's an- other thing? Resisting his invasion would betreason. Every man can see that too. Dontyon see it? If yon fight for what dont belongto yon you are a hero. If yon fight for whatdoes belong to yon you are a coward. How coulda bricklayer be a hero? Why, the very word isagainst it. Bricklayer. How could such a worddescribe a hero? But gentleman. Ah! that's aword now. That's the real thing. It's naturalfor a gentleman to be a hero. But no man couldaccomplish such a distinction. A man would firsthave to become a gentleman before he could inturn become a hero. So the men have given itup. And the women. They take a back seat.They retire before the grandeur of an impossiblereputation. They just keep on doing what theyhave always done. They keep on working anddying. They go down in ships. They starve.They get maimed by machinery. They lookheavy and stunned. They are stubborn. Theymake good in their jobs. But they are never mis- taken for heroes. No one points them out onthe street for heroes. They bob along like ordi- nary atoms. Like ordinary sunlight. Like ordi- nary air and water. They are not visited by the great or asked to serve on committees. Theyjust stay ordinary. They just remain like ordi- nary food and shelter. Like ordinary love andhate. Like ordinary gods. And after a whilethey perish. They all perish. Like the engi- neers. Doing last what they did first. Keepingtheir appointments. They die ordinary just asthey lived ordinary. Not even aspiring to beheroes. Not referred to as honorable misses andmisters anybody at all. Not spoken of as thougha man or a woman was dead. Spoken of as if anumber was wiped off the slate. These men andwomen who perish being only men and women.Just as the engineers who perished were only en- gineers.All the engineers perished. Did you ever meeta hero? I have met heroes. But they never woremedals or labels. Did you ever meet a martyrwho was conscious of martyrdom? I have metmartyrs. But they never knew who they were.And I never told them. Heroes dont hunt foryou. You have to hunt for them. The hero isnot the sun. The hero is an atom in the sun. Iflight was conscious of being light it would ceaseto be light. I know countless heroes. But theynever say anything about heroism. Life is notheroism. Life is life. One man has more lifethan another man. He is not better than othermen. He is only more alive. He weighs more.He looks farther. But he is no hero. A man isaffronted if you call him a hero. He would ratherjust be a man. I think of a certain man. He wasnonchalantly the most effective man I ever met.Was he a hero? He never went anywhere the- atrically to do anything. He just stayed wherehe was and acted his part. The engineers juststayed where they were and acted their part. Asthe simplest workman does. As the scavengersdo. Just acted their part. Can a god do more?Should a man do less? I don't say there are noheroes. I say they are countless. You see thehero in the exception. I see the hero in the rule.My hero never flourishes a whip. I see him serv- ing. Let my hero stop serving and he abdicates.Dont believe anything the hero tells you abouthimself. Sure things dont insist on their reality.Every man has his place. Do you call a man ahero for staying in his place? If I heard anybodycall me a hero I'd begin to suspect myself. I'dtake my size and shape over again. I'd go fortydays into the wilderness. I'd bury myself in theslums. I'd want to get away. To be where I'descape the measurer. I see the heroes every- where. But I see no hero. I see people in theirplaces everywhere. Often most beautifully in hid- eous places. Often most hideously in beautifulplaces. Like the engineers they all serve. Likethe engineers they will all finally perish. Likethe engineers they will all reappear somewhereagain. Heroes? The heroes work undergroundand overhead unheralded and unseen. The he- roes make our shoes. They work in the trenches.They nurse babies. They take care of the world.They make it dirty. And they clean it up. Theyare its crowd. They are the mobs. They arethe herd. They are the mass. They are allalways called by all names but their real names.Thev are called dangerous. But if it was not for them nobody would be safe. They are called ugly.But if it was not for them nobody would be grace- ful. They are called stupid. But if it was notfor them nobody would be enlightened. Theyare the eclipsed, the obscured, the submerged.But if it was not for them nobody would be agenius. And you sometimes speak of them ascowards. But if it was not for them nobodywould be brave. You repeat it often enough asa matter of course that if it was not for the lightthere would be no shadow. Let me say it oncefor all the other way. That if it was not for theshadow there would be no light. I'm glad. Ilook everywhere. I discover no hero. I lookeverywhere. I never fail to discover heroes. Allthe engineers perished. I dont know what it is: I dont know where it leads me: Igo on and on:Whether along the common road or into the wilderness, Ifollow: I go on and on:The days are as mysterious as the nights: and the years:they baffle me: I go on and on:Something persuades me: something I like the feel of: it isveiled but sure: I go on and on:I dont know what it is: I dont know where it leads me:I go on and on. WHAT ARE YOU DOING? What are you doing for the cause? Not foryourself. For all. Not to keep yourself going.To keep the race going. What are you doingfor to-morrow that you didn't do yesterday forto-day? I dont say for what cause. I say forany cause. I dont ask you what you are doingwith tasks I might set you. I ask what you aredoing with tasks that you yourself set. I knowwhat you do in eating and working at your tradeand sleeping at night. You do that in order notto die. Everybody does that. I ask you whatyou are doing in order to live. I know what yousay. I read what you write. I have heard yourpromises. But this is not enough. This hardlytells me what I want to learn. I know what voudo with what you have to do. I want to knowwhat you do with what you dont have to do. Ican see how your pay may make you think. Iwant to know how you make your pay think. Inshort, I know what you do as a slave. What Iwant to find out is what you do as a master. DidI say master? Yes. Master of yourself. I neverfeel like accusing anybody. Like sitting in judg- ment on anybody. Down in my heart I acknowl- edge the last compassion. Rather anything thanthat I should forget your priority. Every mansomehow belongs first to himself. Do I say that?Yes. Then I say something more. He also be- longs first to the race. He stands for person- ality. There he's for himself. He stands forservice and progress. There he stands for the race. I cant interpret his moods or his impulses.I can guess them. But their interior purport isbeyond the reach of my vision. That is why Iask: What are you doing for the cause? Andthat is why I say: I shall not say what cause.The cause has done everything for you. Whatare you doing for it? In all the past it has beendoing something for you. Now you have come.You have inherited its accumulations. What areyou doing for it? I hear you say you dont seewhat you've got to be thankful for. I dontcharge you with ingratitude. I only ask whetheryou are grateful. I dont even say you should doanything for the cause. I only remind you ofwhat the cause has done for you. I dont ask youwhether you have done your duty. I only askyou whether you feel that you have a duty. I'mnot presenting a bill to you. I only ask whetheryou owe a bill. The cause has run an accountwith you. Do you run an account with thecause? Again you ask: What cause? Andagain I say: I wont name the cause. That whichis the holy of holies to you. That is your cause.That which you say must come before what youput into your belly and on your back. Thatis your cause. That wThich demands sacrifice.That which insists upon its initial sanctity. Thatwhich persuades you more than anything else.That is the cause. I dont suggest the cause toyou. You suggest it to me. Therefore I havethe right to ask you that question which your ownconfession leads up to. You dont have to answerto me for it. You have to answer to your life forit. There's no appeal from the cause. It's the last court. It says the closing word. What canyou say when you have defaulted? When youhave done nothing for the cause? When youhave simply existed and not lived? No manowes anything to a world to which he cant feelrelated. If you are an alien. If you are a cos- mic vagrant. If you are lost. If you think ofyourself as debris. Then you are not respon- sible. Then I dont wonder that you deny yourheritage. But if in any rapt moment of inspi- ration you but once catch the face between theclouds you are from that time the servant of theeternal. Then there's no excuse for pettifogging.Then you can no longer disavow your responsi- bility. What are you doing for the cause? Forthe beyond? For the next step? Are you giv- ing up anything for it? Or are you asking it togive up something for you? Do you pray to it forfavors? Do you want cash down? Or are youwilling your grandchildren should collect? Doyou sell the cause like you sell goods? Andif it's profitable do you bless it? And if it'sprofitless do you curse it? When I ask: Whathave you done for the cause? I dont refer toanything that you've had visible pay for. I referto something that there'll never be any visiblepay for. The cause is always in the darknessahead. It's always the path unbroken. It's al- ways the rough of fate. It's always the veil. Al- ways the curtain. Always the shrouding mys- tery. Do you serve it for pay or work for it withlove? Do you want to get life from it or do yougive life to get it? One man says God. Anotherman says Cause. Any name might be any other name so it means the same thing. When I seewhat you do or dont do I know whether you areonly a border on the earth or whether the earthis your home. I know whether you are a brotheramong comrades op a chance acquaintance amongenemies. What are you doing for the cause?You are doing nothing for the cause. You aremaking a living. But you are not making life.You are personal. You have not surchargedyourself with the general inspirations. Your mo- tive is profit not service. You want to get aheadno matter how. You dont want to stay behind110 matter why. Let anybody suffer. You meanto rejoice. You dont make way for the world.The world makes way for you. Service is notmaster. Profit is master. Downing someoneelse. Making good because someone else makesbad. That is your code. Staying alive no mat- ter who goes dead. Sponging on life. Loafingon others. Taking anything you can any wayyou can get it. Accepting none of the odium ofthe cause. Shrinking from anathema. Avoidingunpopular opinions. Letting anyone do the workof progress. You doing nothing. That's thecode. Others queer themselves for an idea. Doyou? Anything but that. You pat them on theback. But you sneak the price. You encouragethem to go on. But you dont go on with them.You scab on the revolution. They put up theirlives. You put up nothing. They die that youmay live. You live that they may die. It's badenough to scab on the body. But it's infinitelyworse to scab on the soul. You are strike break- ers. You undersell. Just as you undertalk. Just as you underspend. Just as you underact. Youhear the cause defamed and say nothing. Whenthe battle is 011 you are nowhere to be found.You dont even carry water. You scab on yourbrother. You scab on your age. You are therevolutionist gone to wood. There's no floweron your stem. You let the others do the fight- ing. But you claim your share of the spoils.You say: These theories will be all right sometime. But that some time will never be yourtime. My ears know your voice. I can tellwhen you are around though you say nothing.Little as you know it, I follow you through allthe intricacies of your psychic retreats. Do youthink you can cover your tracks? Right or left,up or down, in or out, across or around: whereveryou go I tally you. Every step you take is withinmy horizon. Do you resent my inevitable attend- ance? You say: I mean the same thing you do.And you say: I am with you, only not so fast.You say: You can count on me, too, but not toosoon. You say: You can depend upon my goodwill, but not too far. You've alwavs some reasonfor holding back. Some reason for not puttingup money or service. Some reason for withhold- ing your confession. Somebody is always tooviolent for you. Too extreme. Too exacting.Too inevitable. You want at the same time tobe and not to be. You let other men queerthemselves for you. You see them lose theirreputations. You know they put their livings inthe scale for the cause. But vou dont raise aPJfinger to help them. You hug your poor life asif it was rich. You husband your prostituted treasure as if it was righteous. You let themwork for all while you work for yourself. Youare the master scab. You are the scab left overafter all the other scabs have been beaten. Andyou not only scab on your contemporaries. Youscab on your grandchildren. You scab on thefuture. You are sold out. You are pinkertoned.You have betrayed the crowd. You are one thingwhen you think and another thing when youlive. You are one thing in what the world knowsyou for and another thing in what you knowyourself for. You are the shot from the rear.Our enemies challenge us face to face. But youknife us in the dark. You are the margin offaithless revolution. You are the interior forcewhich flings us into the clutches of reaction. Imeet you every day I live. You pat me 011 theback. You congratulate me. You do everythingbut avow me. You are half a revolutionist minusa whole revolutionist. You dont scab the labormarket. You scab civilization. You scab thearmy on the march. You create the panic ofbattle. You put the poison in the soup. Youtake all and give nothing. You beg what youcant borrow. You borrow what you dont wantto steal. You steal what you dont mean to workfor. You are the scab of the revolution. Youdo nothing for the cause.What are you doing for the cause? You doeverything for the cause. You work for thecause as the sun sheds light. You dont huntplaces in which to hide yourself away. You huntthe open and there face the world. You dontwait to hear someone else say the word first. You say it. You dont ask anybody to try thewater to see if it's cold. You try it. And youdont care if it is cold. You're as ready to spendyour last as your first cent. Some people are al- ways wondering what other people will givethem. Some people are always wondering whatthey'll give other people. But the lover dont ar- gue about himself. He loves. Nor do givers ar- gue about themselves. They give. They are niag- aras of benefaction. They dont know it them- selves. They have to be reminded of it. Noth- ing so surprises a great man as the idea that heamounts to anything. Nothing so startles thegenerous man as the idea that he is liberal.Nothing seems so impossible to the hero as theidea that he is courageous. My heart has 110shall lor shall I not. lam not allowed to playany yes and no game with myself. Listen towhat I say. Down in me where I'm deepestthere's no hissing snake's-nest of alternatives.Run your knives clear through me and I wouldn'tdo but the one thing. Every drop of my bloodflows the one way. Down over that steep cliffgoes all my love, which is all my life. I neverspend a minute trying to find out what my dutyis. There is no duty. I'm just driven. Thereis no duty. I just keep on. When I say causeI say sun and stars and earth and air and food.I say love and those I love. I say that whichmakes life amd is made by life. If I hesitated aninstant there would be no cause again. Therewould be only empty space and hourless time.If I drew back one inch order would revert tochaos. That which is not worth all is worth nothing. If I said I'll see I'd he lost. If thetides said they'd see. If the storm said it'd see.If yesterday said to to-morrow that it'd see. Ifbirth said to being born that it'd see. If dyingsaid to death it'd see. If Etna's fires said they'dsee. If the ices of the north said they'd see. Ifa fragment of an atom said it'd see. It'd be thesame as if I'd say I'll see when my name is called.If I left it to my purse to see. If I left it to myproperties to see. If I left it to my prospects ormy privileges to see. Then I'd not see at all.I'd be stone blind. If I said that the cry of thescab is the voice of God. If I said that the cho- rus of the dollars is the psalm of paradise. If Isaid that the prayer of apology is the savior ofsouls. Then I'd not hear at all. I'd be stonedeaf. What are you doing for the cause? Do Iwant you to be a fool for the cause? Yes. That'sthe only way you can be wise for yourself. Do Iwant you to give up facts for dreams? Yes.That's the only way you can turn dreams intofacts. Do I want you to give everything to thepoor? Yes. That's the only way you can be- come rich to the crowd. I dont want vou to putyour hand into your pocket and take it out empty.I dont want you to put thought into your brainand take it out empty. I dont want you to putlove ino your heart and take it out empty. Idon't want you to say to the cause: I'll think itdont want you to say to the cause: I'll think itout over night. I dont want you to say: I mayhelp some but dont expect too much of me. Idont want you to say: I'll ask my wife or my hus- band or my father or my mother or somebody. I dont even want you to ask your own spirit. Iwant you to act. I want you to answer beforethe question is put. I want you to spring beforethe challenge is issued. I want you to warm upbefore the fire is lit. Do I want you to go outcold nights when you might stay home and becomfortable? Yes. More than that. Do I wantyou to take your fortune in your hands and go dosomething impossible? Yes. More than that.Do I want you to choose misery maybe in placeof joy? Yes. More than that. Do I want youto stake your life on the issue? Yes. More thanthat. I want you to do more than all that. Iwant you to do more than debate and quarrel andwonder and waver even if you decide right in theend. I want you to go 011 as if you had nothing todo with proceeding: I want you to surrender asif you had nothing to do with yielding. I dontwant you to wait till you are called. I want youto call. Whenever anything goes short: I wantyou to step into the gap. I dont want you toask: How can I? I want you to say: I couldn'tdo anything else. What are you doing for thecause? They talk about the rock of ages: there is no rock of ages:there are only the people:If I build on the people I build true for always: if I buildon myself I build on the shifting sand:There is no rock of ages: there is only the human heart:there is only love:If I build on the heart, on love, I build for always: if I buildon the body, on hate, I build on the shifting sand. I CLAIM EVERYTHING I claim everything for the people. And every- thing is not too much. The individual has gotto learn to say: lam the people. And the peoplehave got to learn to say: We are the individual.Everything springs from the people. Everythinggoes back to the people. I'm not interested insuns. I'm interested in people. Mountains andmoons and trees have no meaning to me untilthey are peopled. Your philosophies and dreamsare insignificant till they are peopled. I knownothing hut people. I comprehend nothing butpeople. If you sing a song I hear people in it.If you paint a picture I see people in it. If Ididn't hear the people or see the people I mightas well be deaf and blind. If you tell me thereare so many rivers in a country or so many acresof ground and ask me: What do you think ofthat? I say: I dont think of that: I only thinkof people. If you name the great men to me andask: What do you make of them? I answer: Imake nothing of them: I make everything of thepeople. If you ask rne: What do you read in thebook? I reply: I read the people in the book.lam at home where people are. lam alien wherepeople are not. There's no use trying to get meto approve of anything that dont include thepeople. That which dont include the people isempty. Just as a man's heart if it does notinclude the people is void. I am drunk withthe crowd. lam bathed in the mass. I give my- self to the common stream. I dont want to be found somewhere off alone. I want to be lostsomewhere off alone. I want to be lost some- where in the crowd. I never feel so pinioned aswhen I'm alone. I never feel so free as whenI'm in the crowd. The crowd is my father andmother. My eyes are not enthralled by sunsetsand seastorms. I want people: only people. Letme have people and I'm happy. Deny me peopleand I'm defeated. Rich as a man's soul maybe in its own right a man's soul is incomputablyricher in the people's right. Every time I wanderfrom the people I feel as if I am choosing avacuum for my inheritance. Dont you see howit is? I draw all my checks on the people. Mypersonal signature is not valid. I have no accountwith myself. I can never overdraw my accountwith the people. You say: God said: Let therebe light. I say: The people say: Let there belight. You talk about inferior people and supe- rior people. I see no superior people and no in- ferior people. I see only people. When I saypeople I dont say good and bad. No: nor ge- niuses nor fools. No: nor the saved and thedamned. No. When I say people I only meanpeople. I dont mean whites or blacks or Hindusor Americans. I mean people. If I say that theworld belongs to people I don't mean a few own- ing for all or all owning for a few but all owningfor all. If I say the people are divine I dontmean divine people. No. I only mean people.The people are divine but there are no divinepeople. So when I say I claim everything forthe people I dont mean everything with excep- tions. I mean everything without exception. I dont owe the good people as separated from thebad people. I owe both. And I owe the badpeople more than I owe the good people. Forthe good people have been good for themselves.And the bad people have been bad for me. Iclaim everything for the people because the peo- ple are everything. I make no claims for thegreen grass and earthquakes and shipwrecks andarts and the will of the majority. Such inci- dents are secondary. My claims are all for thepeople. After you give me the people I haveeverything else. But if yon refuse me the peoplethen I have nothing at all. If your theories dontgive me the people. Or your governments. Oryour sciences. Or your vast cities. Or anythingyou build or pride yourselves upon. If they dontgive me the people they are a fraud against whichI revolt. But if they give me the people then Ireturn you a receipt in full. I want people. I'mwilling to go without anything. Without whatyou poorly call riches. Without what you weaklycall power. Without what you obscurely calldistinction. I'm willing to go without all that ifyou'll only give me people. Any people. Therough and tumble average. The nonchalantnon-elect. The noisy quiet brutal kind crowd.Though I am dashed to death against its rockyshores I surrender myself without equivocationto the furious sea. Everything is not too much.I claim everything for the people.You claim nothing for the people. Nothing isnot too little for the people. You lock your doorsto keep the people out. You lock your heart tokeep yourself in. You say dollars. I say peo- pie. Yon say kings and Presidents. I say peo- ple. Yon say the scnlptnre of Greece, the paint- ings of Italy, the mnsic of Germany. I say peo- ple. Yon say: Bnt for them. I say: But forthese. Yon point ont a few figures lost in thedistance. I direct you to the crowd at your el- bow. Yon say one and another. Yon say some- body. I say all. Yon say fame. Intermediaries.Middlemen. Interpreters. I say people. Yonare eminent for a while by reason of what yontake. But I say no one can be eminent for goodexcept by reason of what he gives. Yon thinkthe people need saviors. I say the saviors needpeople. The people make money for you. Youspend money for the people. The people make sothat you may have. Yon dont make so that peo- ple may have. Yon give me leaders. I give youpeople. You say the leaders lead. I say theleaders follow. That the people lead. Leaderswould be useless without people. People wouldstill be people without leaders. You say brainshould be paid extra. I say nothing should bepaid extra. That pay should not be for talent butfor need. What a man needs. That should behis pay. What a man contains. That should bewhat he gives. A witty man said: The more Isee of men the more I think of dogs. I will saythat in another way. The more I see of thoseyou call the somebodies the more I think of thoseyou call the nobodies. We live in an age ofsaviors. lam looking for an age of people. Thesaviors are multitudinous. The priest takes yoursoul. He's going to save your soul. The pluto- crat takes your body. He's going to save your body. You see, they're going to save you bydestroying you not by fortifying you. So theyseize the pictures to save art. And the operasand symphonies to save music. You are to besaved by being denied everything. If they gaveyou anything you'd be lost. They are safe fromluxury no matter how much they have. You arein peril of luxury no matter how little you have.They fool you with their paraphernalia. Youare awed not by their brains but by what theytell you of their brains. You take their wordfor it. You should take your life for it. Youare willing they should enjoy for you. Shouldtravel for you. Should eat and drink for you.Should play games for you. What have you foryourself? Resignation. Remember that textwhich has been immemorially the solace of therobber. The poor you have with you always. Youmust have the poor with you always because youmust have the rich with you always. Who wouldsave the poor if the rich didn't ? And if the poorwere not saved what would become of the rich?The great you have with you always. You musthave the little with you always because you musthave the big with you always. It wouldn't doto wipe out the distinctions. To fill in the gap.That chasm is kept impassable by the hand ofprovidence. You cant live for yourselves.Someone must live for you. You cant live foryourself. You who dig in ditches. You whowork in mills. Harry Thaw must live for you.You who eat at lunch counters. You cant livefor yourself. The fellow who dines at the St.Regis: he must live for you. Every time you try to live for yourself some savior interferes to livefor you. You've got to keep yourself thin to keephim fat. There's no other way to sustain thedelicate balances of destiny. The church will livefor your soul. The state will live for your body.You find all the saviors waiting to live for you.Insisting on living for you. Refusing to let youlive for yourself. Taxing you to death to crownthemselves for life. You have thought of thesaviors dying that you might live. Think again.And you will see yourself dying that the saviorsmay live. My life is the people's life. Ino moredie for the people than the people die for me.Look the saviors straight in the face. Defy them.Refute them by an appeal to your own treasure.Every time by an appeal to your own treasure.Every time you save yourself you destroy a sa- vior. Do you want to be saved by another?Better be damned by yourself than saved by an- other. What is the price of salvation? Yourbody and soul are the price. You are to give upeverything. That is the price. Not give up every- thing to all. No. That would be a fair price.Give up everything to the saviors. That is theprice. That is the pirate fee. What is the priceof salvation? Your alleys and gutters and pros- titutes and factories and premature death arethe price. At every doorway stands a savior.He charges you for going in. He charges you forcoming out. Profit is a savior. You pay its toll.Rent is a savior. You pay its toll. Interest is asavior. You pay its toll. What is left after youhave settled with the saviors? The saviors areleft. But nothing is left of you. Nothing is not too little for the saviors. You claim nothingfor the people.I claim everything for the people. And every- thing is not too much. What do the people claimfor themselves? So far they have claimed little.They have let the saviors give them religions.They have let the saviors give them economics.They have stood aside to let the saviors pass.Instead of making the saviors stand aside to letthe people pass. The saviors have given them re- ligions which were blasphemies. The saviorshave given them economies which were robberies.The saviors have been. The people are to be. Thepeople are next. Now the people will give the sa- viors religions which are reverent. And they willgive the saviors economies which are justice. Thesaviors used to succeed. Now you may noticethat the saviors fail. The saviors only succeedwhen the people fail. When the people succeedthe saviors fail. Saviors belong with kings andowners and bosses. When the people at last ob- ject to being ruled or owned or bossed the saviorswill disappear with the saved. The mendicantand the millionaire are symptoms of the same dis- ease. The savior and the saved are symptoms ofthe same disease. The superior person and theinferior person are symptoms of the same dis- ease. The capitalist and the laborer are symp- toms of the same disease. They require only onetreatment. You cant get one without the other.You cant ride yourself of one without the other.The people dont need saviors because they dontneed to be saved. You cant save people for thesame reason that you cant damn people. The people are people. That's the answer to all thesaviors. The people are themselves enough an- swer. People intoxicate me. My eyes see peo- ple. (I dont acknowledge things.) Look for,find, abandon themselves, to people. Dont ac- knowledge saviors. Reach out to, are reachedout from, people. Everywhere I meet the threat- ening saviors. Do you shrink in the mire tillyou can borrow wings to take you to heaven?I know the black in the people. But the blackin the people is not the people. Even the whitein the people is not the people. The hate orlove in a man is not the man. The man is theman. The people are the people. It's stupid tosay that. It's like saying a cloud is a cloud. It'slike saying a star is a star. But what else can besaid? Time and space are time and space. Canyou damn or save time and space? The peopleare the people. Can you damn or save the peo- ple? You might as well tax the skies as tax aman. As well assume to save the sun for pay assave the people for pay. As well pretend tobe the necessary middleman between Jupiter andthe moon as between people and pople. I makethe whole claim because I have the whole faith.And everything is not too much. I claim every- thing for the people. I see what you see all around: the half lives lived: thecruel quarrels of brothers:I see what you see: haven't I lived where the fight is thickest?But I would have no hope of peace if I could not say: Iguess it's all about love:Just as a man with a woman and their child are just aboutlove:Just as passion is just about love and consecration is justabout love:Just so the brute is just about love and the man into whomhe emerges is just about love:I would miss the main point if I missed that: if I couldsee hell and not see heaven, I would miss the main point:I guess it's all about love: I dont know what it's all aboutbut I guess it's all about love. TO LEAVE NO DOOR UNOPENED To leave no door unopened. To pass freelyin and out. To leave no heart unopened. Toleave no life unopened. To get everything be- tween out of the way. To make it possible fordesire to reach across the gap. That is yourbusiness and mine. That is what we owe our- selves and each other. To make light of bound- ary lines. To efface barriers. To abolish toll- gates. All civilization is the opening of doors.All art is the opening of doors. And science.It, too, is the opening of doors. We have beenout of sight of each other. Too many of us sit inperpetual executive session. Most of us exclude.We dont include. We close ourselves in some- where. We look down and up but we dont lookface to face. Not because we dont trust others.Rather because we dont trust ourselves. Wethink the trouble is with them. The trouble iswith us. We withdraw. We get away. Crawlinto holes. Into incomes and fames. Crawl intothem and draw the covers over. We dont wel- come life. We shrink from it. We never keepopen house. We live in prisons and we are ourown jailers. We are not trying to live as bigas we can but as little as we can. What are weafter? You: what are you after? And I: whatam I after? I say we must step out and aroundand over and under and across. We must do allwe can to discredit what holds us down and keepsus in. It is not life but death for us to shrinkfrom the alternatives of liberty. I give a free pass to the universe. For day and night. Foralways. For the suns and stars to walk in anytime. For the seasons to come and go as theychoose. That is, I declare myself wide open. Itake all the shutters down. I put all the doorsback on their hinges as far as they will go. Ithrow all keys away. Then I invite the world in.I say to the world: Possess yourself of me. 1say to the world: I dont want to deny youanything. I want the world to take me at myword. And you, my brother: I want you to takeme at my word. If life is a monastery then Ichoose death. If life is asceticism then I choosedeath. If life is classes and superiors and own- ers then I choose death. If life is a stockade.If life is the sacrifice of all to a few. If life isbeing blind and deaf and dumb. If life is livingback of a high wall. If life is this sort of thingthen I choose death. The path of life is not tothe grave but to the cradle. The signal, the sym- bol, of life is not division but unitv. What is the7 »/use of living if you cant be alive? Why shouldI hide in a hole when I should be a rover ? Whyshould I keep myself out of the main currents ofexperience? Man from the start has been break- ing loose from the drag of the dust. He hassometimes resorted to violent means to his end.He has dashed thrones to the earth and killedtyrants. He has gone to war. He has robbedhis neighbor. He has so far not called his brotherby his right name. He has lived inside himself.But that's only half a life. You live a whole lifeonly when you live inside others as well as insideyourself. But with all his pausings and writhings he lias helped himself along towards deliverance.For there is only one deliverance. The deliver- ance of a man to his brother. The unimpededapproach of one man to another. All time, allspace, are for that. That is what time and spaceare. That is what civilization is. Getting ac- quainted. That is civilization. Mercilessly wip- ing out the last atom between. So that there isnot only nothing to climb over but nothing tostumble over in passing to and fro. That is whatit was and is and must hereafter all be for. Life.Art. Everything. It must all be for that. Toget armies and navies and properties from be- tween. If it was not all for that then it would allbe for nothing. If it left that unachieved then itwould leave life unachieved. If it is right for any- thing to remain between then I see no reason whyeverything you please should not remain between.Do you see a door anywhere? Throw it openwide. Do you see an interfering income or am- bition anywhere? Throw it open wide. I donot say: Be gentle in doing it. I say: Throw itopen: dont wait a minute: throw it open.To leave no door unopened. Is there any shortcut from a man to himself ? Every time you shuta door you shut it on yourself. When you closeone out you are one time shut in. When youclose the people out you are millions of times shutin. You cant shut out without shutting in.Every dollar you lay away against others is laidaway against yourself. The barrier you set upagainst the world. It's as hard for you to getover it as for the world to get over it. It's likehating somebody. You may do him some harm. But you do yourself worse harm. Your hatecould not stick to him. But it sticks to you. Thehater always wears the scars of hate. You canthave yourself unless you have others. The pen- alty of being exclusive is exclusion. You feedonly one light. If you put that light out for meyou put it out for yourself. I know you thinkyou can go it alone. But you cant. You maystand very firm. But you are 011 the commonground. There is no other ground. You maybreathe in the air off your housetop. But youbreathe the common air. There is no other air.Nothing will work if it is set up to separate indi- viduals or peoples. It may last for awhile. Butit cant be perpetuated. That which is not rootedin the people cannot survive in the person. Youcant alienate your life. You can kill yourself.But you cant alienate yourself. You may do itthrough an income. You may do it through anart. You may do it through ambition. It makesno difference how. But you are from then ondead. You may still hang around. But you aredead. For no man can live only in his own fewfeet and pounds of mortal flesh. He needs aworld to live in. To live in a world means tolive the life of that world. Not monkeyishly.Not as a slave. No. But within the horizon ofits ideals and sympathies. Living the world'slife in your own way. Giving the world's lifeyour identity. But living it. Not trying tobreak with it. Not using property or fame oranything as a pretext for isolation. Our insti- tutions and systems are arbitrary checks putupon the spirit. Even seats of learning. Even exhibitions of pictures. The artist is used as acheck upon art. That is, upon life. He is putin the way instead of leading the way. You cantsteer a world into your back yard. But you cansteer your back yard into a world. You say mancant live by bread alone. No. He cant. Hemust live by love. He cant live in himself alone.He can only live in the crowd. How can youpass from yourself to yourself again? With allthe money between. With the power between.With the pride between. With the ambition be- tween. How can you? How can you hope tolive a true life in such a false relation? Howcan you expect to lead a seeing life in such a blindcontingency? You are all closed out as well asclosed in. It cant matter which side of the dooryou are on. It is equally fatal either side of thatdoor. Worse, if worse either side, on the insidethan the outside. It is better to be closed outthan to close out. It is better to be a pauper out- side than a millionaire inside. I would rather diein the life of the crowd than live in the death ofmyself. You are in on the ground floor. Theground floor is hell. I)out you feel the flameslick and bite at you? I cant put anything be- tween myself and others. It is perfidy. It is asif I sold the people out. Any personal wish.Any individual instinct. Anything. Any inter- rupting item however innocent is a crime. Thatis why our proud profits are ignoble. That iswhy the professional successes are cluttering de- bris. That is why nothing but absolute abandonwill signify in the last count. We dont want tobe hid away in holes. Our fortunes hide us away in holes. Our eminences hide ns away. Get- ting ahead of competitors hides lis away. I get alittle more money than the next man. Then Ihide away from him. Then I hide him awayfrom me. A private victory is not integration.It is dissolution. Social wealth stands for theopen door. Personal acquisition stands for thefrowning wall. I indict the systems because theydrive men apart. Every institution created for acaste sits with closed doors. It thinks itself thecustodian of a treasure. It is only the trustee ofan assumption. For it always closes out in- finitely more than it closes in. I indict the sys- tems because they close their creators in. Be- cause they make themselves useless. Becausethey are arrayed against the mob. There's onlyone good side to the mob. That's the inside. Themob. All. There's only one good side to it.Nothing is so little as a big thing in a jail. Noth- ing is so big as a little thing free out of doors.Our civilization is a big thing. But it's in jail.We've got to get it out of doors. That is, you'veput our civilization in vaults and used it for thefew against the crowd. We've got to level thevaults. We've got to get our civilization out ofdoors. We've got to hand it around. Open allthe doors. Let everybody in. Yes, even the dere- licts. Hand civilization around. Let everybodyhelp himself. That's crazy? So it is. But noth- ing in this world ever got its growth till it wascrazy. No man ever did anything to push thingsalong beyond till he began to be called a fool anda suspect and was avoided by his friends. Throweverything wide open. Dont worry about the weather. The weather with love in it wont hurtwhatever it is. Your job, my job, is this: Toleave no door unopened.To leave no door unopened. Do you knowwhat that means? It means to leave no heartunopened. To leave no income unopened. Toleave no book or picture or song unopened. Itis a challenge. Yon are to trust yourself to lovenot to a lock. You are to trust yourself to peoplenot to yourself. You are to trust yourself to thewhole not to a part. You will no longer trustyourself to your dollars. Yrou will no longerfasten yourself in. You will no longer worryto-night wondering about to-morrow morning orworry to-morrow morning wondering about sun- down. You have great evidences. The vastproperties. The cities and the farms. The rail- roads and the telegraphs. The sure and the coun- terfeit. They are immense. They cant be count- ed up. But there are better evidences. You dontquote them. You sneer at them or you pass themby. The people. They are better evidences.The love of the people. The idealism of thepeople. The revolt of the people. They arebetter evidences. After all your buildings areset on the ground. Yrour riches are hidden deadin vaults. But the people are vital and flowing.People make houses. But have houses ever madepeople? I have seen houses so large they becameaware of their littleness. I have seen people somodest they became aware of their immeasurabil- ity. We have made our towns ruthless. Theyare not fit to live in. We expect people to live inthem without love. We can live nowhere without love. It may be necessary to sweep half our worldaway in the interest of the other half. It may benecessary to stampede all values. To abrogateall treaties. To repeal all laws. To annul allrespectabilities. All in the interest of life. Wehave to open all doors. No plea can resist thispurpose. As sure as the sun comes up this willcome up. You have planned your world. Butyou have left love out. You want everythingprotected. Especially property. Property. Isay take all your protectives off property. I sayput all your protectives on people. If no oneowns no one will steal. If all own all will be fed.Every time you write a deed a door is closed.Every time you repudiate possession a door isopened. If you take down your shutters youwill find it is day. Matters have gone on fartherthan you suppose. Farther towards love. Givethem a show. Forget that you are a proprietorand remember that you are a man. Forget thatyou own anything and remember that you aresomething. I dont advise you to destroy yourproperties. I only say: Take your name offthem. How much better it looks not to be aboss or a superior. How much more like open- ing doors. How much more like fraternity. Wecant have a world of brothers as long as any dooris closed any where against any body. Nor whileany piece of land or goods or any power of man'sarms or brains is closed against any body. Thishas got to be made a wide open world. I dontcare where profits go. Nor where privileges.Nor what becomes of the elect. Nor whetheranyone ever paints a picture again or preaches of beauty. I dont care. lam first of all interestedin men and women. I want to know first of allwbat becomes of men and women. If men andwomen get what belongs to them the graces willtake care of themselves. But if the ornamentsare put first then they are discredited and mustbe dethroned. What we will do with the estheticwill depend first and last of all upon what we dowith men and women. I want every door openedas far as it will go. And every heart. And everyfortune. And every opportunity. And everyvista. I dont want anybody standing anywhereasking anyone: Where's your ticket? As if thesun before shining should ask: Where's yourticket? Or the air we breathe: Where's yourticket? All have made what the few have. Yetthe few ask: Where's your ticket? As if loveshould ask: Where's your ticket? There is noticket. There is the open way. There is noticket. There is the eager willing impulse. Thereis no ticket. There is the unhesitating sacrificeand consecration. There is no ticket. There areonly fields on which we share the harvest. Thereis no ticket. There is the commune. There is noticket. There are only people. When you pushthrough no one asks: Where are you going ?Everybody says: Walk right in. When youlook for what you want 110 one asks: Will youpay cash down for it or shall I charge it ? Every- one says: Help yourself. You say: People neverwill work in your world. I say: People who gettoo little so hard will not stop work because theyare to get enough so easy. Everywhere we gonow everything is closed and everybody is asked: Where's your ticket? Everywhere we go theneverything will be wide open and everybody willbe told: Make vourself at home. We are to•/continue on and on till the last outcast becomesthe first citizen. Till this generation of exilesbecomes the next generation of comrades. Toleave no door unopened. When you hear of a ship going down at sea do you say:That is the conclusion?When you see one man do a mean thing to another man doyou say: That is the conclusion?When you see systems substituted for souls do you say:That is the conclusion?I love the people: I never see the enemy of the people asthe conclusion:There is something more to come: after the shadow light isto come:When you fall down, when you are only half a man, I saythere is something more to come:Why, dear comrade—after half a man a whole man is tocome: out of you, too, is to come:For the conclusion of a man is only in the perfection of aman: nothing else is a conclusion:For the conclusion of sex is only in the perfection of sex:nothing else is a conclusion:And you may be sure that after all the black has come thatcan come white will follow:And you may be sure that after all the journeys down hillyou will find your way to the crest again. HAVE YOU SOLD YOUR SOUL? Have you sold your soul for dirt? And whathave you sold your body for? Have you givenaway what you are for what you can get? Haveyou traded off your body for your soul or yoursoul for your body? Or have you gone on takingboth with you on equal terms? You may thinkyou have profited when you have lost. You maybelieve you are a victor when you are defeated. Ihave no quarrel with the earth. But dirt cannever take the place of a man. Yor can a man'sliving ever take the place of a man's life. Whata man does may be succcessful. And what a manis may be a failure. Any one thing in the placeof any other thing is a failure. If we want a mangoods wont do. If we want love money wontdo. If we want faith comfort wont do. If wewant beauty falsehood wont do. You are alltalking about making your way. Making yourway to what? It all depends on that. To what?A man may make his way. He, may cut a tre- mendous figure. He may outpace everyone andinvite envy and admiration. He may do all thatand still be dead. And then he may do all thatis the opposite of that. He may be the most la- mented man in his crowd. He may do and beall that and still be alive. It's always harder toknow what to do with too much than with toolittle. I readily get used to reverses. But I cannever quite accommodate myself to a triumph.When things go against me I always have myselfleft in my own favor. But when things go for me I always have myself asking me questions Icant answer. My body and my soul are im- perative. I cant make light of their demands.Let me sell them out: then what happens ? Dirtbegets dirt. Reach outside yourself for some- thing that is only to be found inside yourself:then what happens? Every grain of sand thatgets where it dont belong interrupts the revolu- tion of the planets. Down the sunbeam dancesthe anarchic atom. Have you sold your soul fordirt? Sold your soul for something not itself?Sold your soul to the alien? Ido not accuse you.I ask you a question. Ido not say you do wrong.I ask you why you do not do right. Ido not sayyou are outside the fold. I invite you inside thefold. I have no wish to make you a good man ora bad man. I want you to come into whatyou were born for. I want you to step out of theway of the universe and to step into the way ofyourself. Do not confuse my values. lam nodespiser of the body. lam no enemy of markets.You may sell your soul for dirt. Sell sermons aseasily as sell goods. I see the best in the house ofMan and the worst in the house of God. Ido notcharge. I persuade. I build no fires to burn any- body up. I only build fires to light the way.Have you betrayed yourself with thirty pieces ofsilver? Have you sold yourself? Have you per- mitted yourself to be sold? Are you exposed forsale on the bargain counters? You are con- signed to yourself in trust. Have you betrayedyour trust? The world is consigned to itself intrust. Has it betrayed its trust? Have you soldyour soul for dirt? You may have bought souls. That means that you have sold your soul for dirt.You have no right to buy or sell. As long asbuying and selling lasts you cant help sellingyour soul for dirt. Nothing can purify the wayas long as one man exacts toll of another man.Everything should be everywhere. Everybodyshould help himself. We live in the age of boughtand sold. We are about to pass into the age ofhelp yourself. I ask you who walk the streets:Have you sold your soul for dirt? I ask theworld of all which includes the world of one:Have you sold your soul for dirt? Have you soldyour soul for manners, forms, titles, incomes,prestige, position? for anything you put intoyour belly or on your back? for anything whichmakes you superior to anybody else? for anythingwhich puts the way you do a thing above whatyou are doing? for anything in laws or economicsor books or arts which serves as a weapon withwhich to club the innocent? for anything overground or under, any sneaking device of profit,which subjects others to your advancement?Have you sold your soul for dirt?You have sold your soul for dirt. You haveconformed. You have said one and two makefour after all the rest. You suspected that oneand two make three. But you did not like tosay so. You have obeyed the thing around yourather than the thing in you. Votes, interests,profits, privileges, stand for you in place of thesoul. You surrender to a job. You are enslavedto something that was made yesterday. Youhave sold your soul for dirt. You can only buy itback with soul. The time will come when we will sell our dirt for soul. I know what it means totry that now. It means poverty and banishment.The devil take the hindmost, they say. The devilwill. Or the god will. When you see all the poor.When you see all those who rob and are robbed.When you see the devastation the profit systemleaves in its wake. When you see all the confu- sions of sex. When you see prostitution. Thenyou know that something has been sold for dirt.What has been sold. Our civilization. You andI. The man you sell has not been sold. Theman who sells has been sold. The victim of percents has not been sold. The victor has beensold. The hand that draws the knife is the mur- dered as well as the murderer. Your genius maybe your dirt. The thing you do best. The posses- sion you are most proud of. The public applause.Your friends. Your family. Your heredity.They may be your dirt. Even if you sell your- self for your best loved you sell yourself fordirt. Love can do no harm. But lovers may selllove for dirt. Anything that's in the way ofthe spirit is dirt. You make goods. But if yourgoods are slave goods they are dirt. You haveno right to make your talent a club with which tobatter down the inefficient. You say every manshould be paid according to his talent. I saythat's exactly what they should not be paid ac- cording to. A man's talent may be his best weap- on of injustice. Talent is the coward's weapon.You may be born a king. You may be born agenius. It's as bad to use a crown of brains asto use a crown of gold to exploit the humble.Using what you were born with to such an end is the final cowardice. We use laws. We useforms. We use social position. Anything withinreach. It's the blow in the dark. It's the lieon the lip. It's the giant taking advantage ofthe pigmy. You see a little farther. That isyour dirt. Your arm is a little longer. You heara little more. You move a little quicker. Thatis your dirt. All the inequities come by such aroute. All the gloating palaces and the snarlinghuts. All the laughing luxuries and the weep- ing wants. They come by that route. My bestsuit of clothes. It comes that way. Less andmore comes by that process. Do you pride your- self on your faculty? Rather do anything else.Even your faculty may be a tyrant toll-gatherer.Down every mountain steep tumble your horri- fied inferiors. Time and space recognize nolarge and small, no above and below, no servedand servant. A man has a little better or alittle worse thinking machine. But better orworse are not to time and space what they areto words. Evil begins when man begins. Tyr- anny begins when one man has mpre heartbeatsthan another man. When dirt gets on top.Brains are a whip. You use that whip overothers. You make that whip into statutes, man- dates, wage-scales. You make everything elsesecond to it. You may have got so far that youare horrified when a man makes a dollar anagent of oppression. You have still to go on tillyou are horrified when a man makes Ms talent anagent of oppression. The king sits on a throne.The picture hangs in the gallery. The book ison the shelf of the library. The music is sung in the great hall. The play goes on In the the- ater. The game is won or lost in the vast stadi- um. Do they circumscribe ns? Or do theyfree lis? Are they burdens to carry? Or arethey wings to fly with? Are they for the pleas- ure of a few? Or are they for the joy of all?Money may free. Brains may enslave. Moneymay be the gentle savior. Brains may be thebrutal damner of bodies and souls. You havesold your soul for dirt if you have used it forthe production of anything but soul. Whether inthe market or in the academy. Whether in playor work. Whether in the midst of your familyor abroad in the crowd. You have sold your soulfor dirt. Whether in making money or stayingpoor. Whether in the most exquisite beauty ofan art or the most hideous ugliness of a brothel.You have sold your soul for dirt. Babies at thebreasts of mothers are sold for dirt. Fatherswho have cared for children are sold for dirt.Poems, laces, anything, may be sold for dirt.Anything that gets in the way of life. That issold for dirt. Religion, churches, policies ofstates and industries, are sold for dirt. Sex.Idealism. The marriage bed. Dreams. Theyare sold for dirt. Souls are the dearest thingsin a cheap world. The house you live in. Thecup of water you hand to the famished. Bene- faction. Hospitals for disease. The very kind- nesses of social rectitude. The excuse-mes andthank-yous of the polite and the amiable. Thebowings and scrapings of parlors. They are soldfor dirt. Nothing can pay for souls but souls.But you take dirt in pay for souls. Every time you get in the way of life you accept dirt as asettlement for souls. The nights of dalliance.The hours of love. The perfumed bower. Thegroves of arcadian ecstasy. They are sold fordirt. All. All. You have sold your soul fordirt.Have you sold your soul for dirt? Have yougiven up that which is priceless for a price?Have you ripped off your wings and asked:What's the use of flying? Have you postponednext year? Have you said: I'd like to be myselfbut cant? Or have you said: It's all very well totalk? Have you always been putting yourself off?Saying: To-morrow will do for me? That to- morrow after all the to-morrows that nevercomes? Have you planned to sell your body forfifty years and then live beyond bargain and sale?Or your soul? The cry comes to you out of yourown deeps. It wears no disguise. It's you your- self asking questions of yourself. Have you soldyour soul for dirt? In every act of injustice yousell yourself. When you turn your back on somebody. When you steal a man's wages and call itprofit. When you make it harder for some oneto live in order to make it easier for yourself tolive. When you call white black and up down.When you become respectable at some one else'sexpense. When you put the show of good man- ners above the fact of bad heart. Then vou havesold yourself for dirt. When you corner any- thing. Even virtue. When you corner picturesor books or curios. When you corner ideas.When you jealously corner your dreams. Whenyou eat too much while others eat too little. When you dedicate any of the sources of lifeto anything hut the common privilege. Thenyou have sold your soul for dirt. If your lovtstops with your family. If you can love yourown children and not love the children of others.If you hog anything in flesh or spirit. You havesold your soul for dirt. You have called upon allmen to listen. You are for sale. Come here.Listen. Here's a man for sale. What will yougive for him? He is for sale cheap. For he canbe paid for in the basest coin. He can be boughtfor the dirt under your bootsole. You can buyhim for a house or bonds or goods in a store orthings made in a factory. You can buy him for acrop off a farm. You can buy him for the clotheslie wears and the food he puts into his belly. Heought to be dear beyond anyone's ability to buyhim. But almost anybody can buy him. He putssuch a mean price on himself. He will bargainhimself off for almost anything that will furnishhis keep. Have you met that man? Do youknow his name? Can you give me his initials?Does he live round the corner? Or maybe inyour own house? Or do you wake up nightsand say to yourself: He's in this bed? Maybeyou tell me he's as good as he can be under thecircumstances. I dont see why any man shouldexpect to be a man under the circumstances.Light is not darkness under the circumstances.Death is not life under the circumstances. Rightis not wrong under the circumstances. Everyman has to adjust the circumstances to himself.Dont tell me a man always has to adjust him- self to the circumstances. A man's circumstance is Ms dirt. lam too familiar with your underly- ing assets to assent to this overlying result. DoI expect you to fight? Am I asking too much?Yes, fight. No: lam only asking enough. I seenothing preposterous in asking a man to be whathe is. In asking beauty to be beautiful. In ask- ing a song to sing. In asking gentleness to begentle. In asking generosity to give. In askingthe cloud to rain. In asking water to run downhill. In asking the fulfilment of life. What doI ask you for? For the fulfilment of life—that'sall. I decline to call your wars and your ex- ploitations and your greeds the fulfilment of life.They are rather the fulfilment of death. I declineto call the barbarism we call civilization the ful- filment of life. I decline to call the love we callmarriage the fulfilment of life. I decline to callthe pride we call art. Or the austerity we callscience. Or the hypocrisy we call religion. Idecline to call them the fulfilment of life. Theyare the fulfilment of death. I decline to call thehells the fulfilment of life. The hells of theology.The hells of profit and loss. The hells of ownersand owned. The hells of poor and rich. Thehells of those who have everything and those whohave nothing. The hells of those who make every- thing the writ of the tax gatherer. I decline tocall them the fulfilment of life. They are thefulfilment of death. I acknowledge your institu- tions. Ido not dismiss property. I put dreamsand people above all the lauded majesty of learn- ing and possessions. No man is so little but hishead is higher than your Oxfords and Harvards.No man is so degraded but he outshines the luster of bonds and trade. You say a man must makea living. I say no. That is already made forhim here or somewhere. What a man must makeis life. To make a living leaves us dirt still. Tomake life gives us wings. We want everybodyto get out of the way of life. The world. Thecrowd. You. I. We must get out of the wayof life. If the superman gets in the way of theunderm an he is in the way of life. He has soldhis soul for dirt. Would I destroy civilization?Yes—if I could help civilization by doing so.Have you sold your soul for dirt? Have youtraded down instead of up? lam pulling downthe monuments. The great men. The masters.The leaders and superiors. The geniuses and themarvels. I shake them down in a common ruin.In order to rebuild greatness. In order to bringout of all what so far has been all brought outof some. I turn all values upside down. I turnall ideals and instrumentalities upside down.In order that man may come up. Now man isbelow all the rest. Then all the rest will bebelow man. Now the soul is the means and whatit produces the end. Then what is produced willbe the means. The soul will be the end. I woulddemolish everything if necessary to save every- thing. Have you sold your soul for dirt? And then I hear your voice raised above all the uncertaintiesof itself: your voice: it sings:Comrades: we must hold together: if we let go of eachother for an instant the stars will drop out of the sky,The power of the heart is resistless if it lifts with an infinitehope,The power of the eye is unmeasured if it looks with endlessexpectation:And then I hear your voice offer everything, withdraw nothing: for cause or not for cause:You do not question us: you love us: you do not doubt us:you love us:You do not bring scales to see what we weigh: you bringlove to see what we live. WHEN I LOOK INTO THE FACES When I look into the faces of men and women.When I go to men and women without distrust.When I put men and women before goods. WhenI even put them before their passions. Even putthem before their parts. The whole before itsparts. When Ido this I find myself somehow atonce in touch with men and women. Ino longermake too much or too little of their good and bad.Ino longer pause with ephemeral details. Inolonger miss seeing man in observing men. I110 longer go grieved to my work. My feet arelighter. My heart is gay. My brain is clearedfrom all eclipses. My dreams become possible.My insanest rhapsodies are understood. To goamong men and women as one of them instead ofabove or below them. To know people for com- rades. To see no one so mean he could not be abrother. To see no one so great he could with- draw from communion. To fraternize on anequality without question with the crowd. Toask no questions. To go without question. Topass among men and women for one who loves.Throwing off all veils. Going without disguises.Without disguises of virtue as well as disguisesof clothes. To meet their suspicion with faith.Not to be turned against men by the injustice ofmen. Here I stand. No man triumphs in beingloved. We only triumph in loving. Nor in be- ing believed in. We only triumph in believing.And if 1 acquiesce in men and women I will ac- quiesce in them even in the face of truth. I will say yes wlien you accuse them hut I will continueto love them. I will not deny the facts. But Iwill live above the facts. I will not say there isno dirt. But I will sav there is more than dirt.oJIdo not need figures for my affirmation. I onlyneed men and women. Clean and corrupt menand women. Strong and frail men and women.I know all that is said about the evasions of hu- man nature. And I acknowledge the defaults ofhuman nature. It makes its fathomless descents.But I see no fall from which it cant lift itself vic- toriously. lam not afraid of the impenetrablenights. For there was daylight before and therewill be daylight again and the darkness itself iscreated by a sunbeam. When I look at a manand a woman I see what is back of them and Isee what is ahead. lam not thrown off the scentof glory by the trail of a serpent. lam not wor- ried by the treacheries of the flesh. I do notspend time trying to disprove the shadows. Ionly insist upon the light. lam always aware ofthe crowd. I am aware of one only because 1am aware of all. I always come back to myselfenriched. If I feel out of touch with myself Iget in touch with the crowd. That keys me rightagain. The harmonies are restored. The menand women on the streets. They do not evenlook at me. Yet lam full of them and they arefull of me. They are not aunts and uncles andcousins and fathers and mothers. They are thegodstuff out of which the death and resurrectionof the stars is effected. Thev are unmakers andmakers. They are the dinned and they are di- viners. If I know men and women I do not need gods. If I know gods Ido need men andwomen. I say to every man or woman I pass:Yon are my other self. For I know that nothingcould tear us apart. I know that you can nomore separate men from each other, or women, orwomen from men, than you can take an atom offthe crust of the earth and toss it into nothing- ness. And so I love to go among men and wo- men. Love to throw myself upon the convincingmercies of my anonymous pilgrimage. Choosingnot to figure up my totals in so many enemies andso many friends but in so many brothers. In thelast calculations refusing to calculate. Castingmyself into the sea and taking my chances. Intothe seething whirling surging reluctant hospit- able mass. Preferring sin with all than virtuealone. Not always being pleased but always be- ing loyal. Sure in the end that I could go no- where ruling others out of heaven. Sure in theend that I am entitled to nothing which thecrowd does not confer. So that when I meet youwhoever you are I take off my hat to you. Lovingyou is away I have of thanking myself that youexist. Trusting you is away I have of congrat- ulating myself upon your inheritance. For weare joint heirs, all of us, or there is no heir. Andwe are joint villains or there is no villain. Andjoint saviors and gods or there are no saviors andgods. All of us. Men and women. All of us.Though we dont see each other, joint for savedor damned anyway. I am closer to everybodythan anybody thinks. And everybody is closer tome. And though we may appear to be nonchalantand unconcerned about each other the bond is still unseverable. There is nothing anyone cando to cut him off from me. And nothing I cando to rid the crowd of its responsibility. I lookcuriously at you as you pass. You are not beau- tiful or ugly to me. You are not rich or poor orwell-dressed or in rags. You are my brothers.When I look into the faces of saints and scoun- drels I see only men and women. Always. Al- ways. And when I look into the faces of menand women I see only gods and their companiongods. Always. Always.When I look into the faces of men and women.When I see what they might do and dont do.When I see their hypocrisies and degeneracies.When I see how far down they go after what isnot worth going for at all. When I see that theywalk in darkness when they could as easily walkin light. When I see their brutal warfares andtheir corrupting commerces and their wit-proudarts. Then I wonder. Then my wonder is mul- tiplied by wonder and is dismayed. Then thingscrowd and choke my spirit. Then I see whatthe despairers mean when they say man is notworth his flesh. Then lam like someone throwninto a threatening sea, Then I cry for help. Thestars pale and disappear. The compass no longerpoints north. Lot e becomes only another wordfor hate. Working seems as useless as loafing.When I see the crowd robbed and awed by thefew. When I see the few robbed and awed bythe crowd. When I see nothing fitting withnothing the world over. Trade not fitting withjustice. Art not fitting wih life. No one manfitting with another man. No man fitting with tlie crowd and the crowd fitting with no man.Your to-day and my to-day not fitting with ouryesterdays or our to-morrows. This life not fit- ting with any life that has been or is to be. Chil- dren not fitting with parents and parents not fit- ting with children. Bodies not fitting with soulsand souls not fitting with bodies. What we donot fitting with what we wish to do. Ambitionnot fitting with performance. Lovers not fittingwith loving. Wives not fitting with husbands.Everywhere, everywhere, the inglorious travesty.Our religions not fitting with the gods. Ourstates not fitting with the people. The mortalmoment not fitting with immortal time. Things,souls, tendencies, distraught. When I see thatI too withdraw and make less of life. I too re- tire from my proud boast. I too humble myselfbefore the shaming fact. I too confess my sins.I too charge a big bill up against my ardentfaith. I too feel myself enclosed by falsifyingconclusions. I too measure myself and weighmyself by what is trivial and puny. I too walkaround less sure of myself. Yes, less sure of you.Less sure of all. Less sure of my dreams. Lesssure of the very feet I walk on and the very wingsby which I soar. Less sure of the picture youpaint. Less sure of the song you sing. Less sureof my own passionate words of encouragementand revelation. Less sure. Less sure. Not giv- ing up the great hope. But less sure. Not giv- ing up the food I eat but less sure that it feedsme. Not giving up my certainties but less surethat they are certain. Not breaking finally withyou O love but less sure that even you O love are quite so potent as I have thought. Not turn- ing my back on my darling comrades the crowdbut not as sure as I have been that my smilingface conveys any message to them. When I seethat men cant live with each other without hate.That they cant trade with each other withoutrobbery. That they cant grow big with powerwithout growing little with pride. That they arenot satisfied with self rule. That they must ruleeach other. When I see that men would ratherbe prosperous and have all poor than be poor andhave all prosperous. Then lam lost. Then lamlost. Ido not know my way. The sun goes out.My heart goes out. All the beautiful results Iwas so confident of go out. Love goes out. O,love goes out. Holy final love: it, too, goes out.Goes out like an unreturning tide. I am left alone.Left trying to touch something I can hold on to.Something left of all the wreckage which I canhold on to. Some remnant of joy. Some glintof vision. Some splinter. Some saving strand.Reaching for some hand to lift pie above thewhirling maddened departing stream. When Isee man going back on man. When I see goodsand incomes and rulership going back on man itmeans nothing to me. But when I see man goingback on man it means all to me. Then I amprostrate. Then my voice is stopped. I can saynothing. I drift. God knows where to. I drift.It dont seem as if anything was left to do. Asif the fight was worth keeping up. As if beingloyal was more important than being traitorous.When man goes back on man. I who was so unshakably sure. I who now am shaken. Whenman goes hack on man.When I look into the faces of men and women.After the eclipses and the disfigurements. Afterthe enmities and the degradations. After goinginto all the hells. After making all the admis- sions. After being swept away in the rages ofthe tyrant passions. Then suddenly the shiningsun breaks through. Then suddenly the earth isflooded with light. Then lam restored. I whowas cast down am lifted up. I who wondered somuch over the weakness of men and women won- der now over the irresistible strength of men andwomen. Then things are explained. Then evilis explained in the good. Hate is explained inlove. That which men and women did not dois explained in what they are capable of doing.Grief is explained in rapture. The greeds areexplained in generosity. For I see at last thata man and a woman are not explained in whatthey do but in what they lead to. What a manand woman do is too often ghastly. But some- how what they lead to is always beautiful. I hadlooked into the faces of men and women and itwas night there. Now the sun is up. Now thefaces are radiant. I know that when a man and awoman rob or hate night is there. And I knowthat when they serve and love the day has come.And I know that a man and a woman containinglove and justice will someway through whatevercontagions of animosity and crime become lovingand just. Igo about in this midday of the spirit.In the streets. Everywhere. Where men andwomen are. And I see men and women as they do not see themselves. I tell them things theydo not tell themselves. I lift them up to planes towhich they do not lift themselves. For the sunis up in my world. And when the sun is up inthe world the world is flushed with insight. Whenthe sun is up in your world you too will know.But until then you will doubt or deny. Whenthe sun is up in the world there is light enoughto go round. Light enough to account for all thedarkness. Good enough to account for all theevil. Sweet enough to account for all the sour.Life enough to account for all the death. Nowthe sun is up in my world. And as you pass be- fore me, as I loaf about among you, unrecognized,you men and women, you are as plain to me asmy own thumb. I dont need to argue with my- self about you. For there's infinite light in myworld. Light to penetrate you through andthrough. Light to challenge all hideousness andto disperse all contaminations. If I did not thinkbetter of you, men and women, than you do ofyourselves, I would give you up, O men and wo- men. But my world accounts for yo"u. Accountsfor the beast in you by the man in you. Accountsfor your moral surrenders by your spiritual vic- tories. If my world did not light you enough tolight you to justice and joy then my light mightas well be darkness. If it did not light the crowdenough to light it to the man or light the manenough to light him to the crowd it might as wellbe darkness. If it did not light the effaced schol- ars enough to light them to life again it might aswell be darkness. If it did not throw itself fullinto your faces, O men and women, and disclose yon to yourselves, and disclose love to itself, anddisclose the vast peoples to themselves, and dis- close all the mistakes to themselves, and discloseall the dividing creeds and industries to them- selves: oh! if my light did not disclose every- thing to itself so that it might light everythingfarther to its ineffable consequence, then it mightas well be darkness. O, it might as well be dark- ness. But my light is competent. It is enoughfor everywhere and enough for all. It lightseverything to itself. It lights the man to thewoman and the woman to the man and the fewto many and many to all and all to the one again.My light might as well be darkness if it fails tolight everything to itself and all to everything inthe storm and calm of its masterful plenty. WhenI look into the faces of men and women. Do you know what it means to say love? to be always andonly saying love every day every where?You think it's easy to say love but hard to say hate: I sayno: love is hardest of all to say:For sometimes you must say love with a knife: sometimeswith the cruelest word you know:Saying love is not saying soft things sweetly to make yourlover comfortable: far from that:Saying love is often to say things that cut and rend: thingsthat may even destroy: do you hear? LOVING IS THE ONLY LIFE Loving is the only life. Living must give ustime for life. It is not enough to fill your lungswith air. You must fill your lungs with life.The heart must not only beat. It must beat thedance of life. It is not important to live so manyyears. It is important to live so much life. Youhave dollars. But have you life? You writesomething. People admire you. You are fa- mous for some reason or other. That is all verygreat. But there is something beyond. Life isbeyond. Eating and sleeping is not life. Lovealone is life. You are brilliant. You performin the center of the stage. But that is not life.Lending money at percents. Making profits.Getting a house full of decorations. That is notlife. A man may have all that and more and bestone dead. I pass you on the street. You lookempty. You are hungry. You ache and strainfor something. What is it you yet need? Youwho have so much. You who seem to have allthe world. You to whose door all ships seem tosail and into whose treasury all cargoes seem tobe unloaded. You cast upon me such a vacantlook. You have not found out that your wealthis not life. You have not consciously said thatto yourself. But your body has found it out.Your soul has found it out. You have power.You can draw a big check. You are admittedanywhere. You are welcome to interrupt theworld at its devotions. Nobody would think ofclosing you out. The state, the church, open when you appear, before you say a word. Yetyou cast that empty look upon me when we pass.That telltale look. That look that means morethan your riches. That look of infinite self pity.You have the key to all locks. But you are help- less before that which having no lock needs 110key. You are alive. But you do not possess life.You are your own master. But that is notenough. There is something beyond. After be- ing your own master you must know how to be- come your own slave. You can live in the senses.In the gratification of the passions. In the ac- cumulation of temporal properties. But living isnot life. So many in so many generations havebeen fooled. They have got what they reachedfor. But they have found that what they reachedfor was not what they desired. When a man isgreedy. When he seems willing to do anythingto get goods. Then life seems to say to him:Here's what you want: now what are you goingto do with it? You are filled to the brim. Whatare you going to do with it? You run over withsuccess. What are you going tg do with it? Youare known everywhere you go. The instant yourname is mentioned everybody knows who you are.What are you going to do with it? This is living.But this is not life. You are a conqueror. Youare a maker of laws. You rule people. What yousay goes. Those who hate fear you. Those wholove despise you. You are an arrogant force uponwhose will for fair or foul the formal living of theworld depends. You have reached deepest intothe dirt. You have reached highest into the blueether. Yet you look at me as if you who seem to liave all after all have nothing. Yon have notdiscovered that living is not life. Yon have notseen that far. But yon have discovered that some- thing is the matter with yon. That something isthe matter with the crown yon wear. That a dia- dem does not make a king. That living does notmake life. That sometimes the more a man con- tains the less he contains. That somehow onedream is worth a thousand facts. That one cipheris worth more than a thousand figures one. A manmay find that out too late. He often leaves itto his. children to find it out for him. And arace often finds it out too late. A dazzling gen- eration of strutters and pirates finds it out toolate. It often leaves it to posterity to find it out.That's where you are and lam to-day. We havedone wonders. But we have not done enough.We have still to find ourselves out. We have donewonders. You and I. Our countries. Yourcountry. Germany, England, Canada, America.Our countries. Any countries. They have stillto find themselves out. To find out that living isnot life. To find out that the church and thestate are not life. That priesthoods and plu- tocracies are not life. That love alone is life.That love which means brotherhood all aroundand justice going with it all around. That thatlove alone is life. That is why our civilizationbulging at the belt is still so empty. That is whyour governments bragging so vastly about theiromnipotence are still so helpless that they canonly maintain themselves with armies and na- vies. Like our systems. Which can only main- tain themselves by robbery. They have found much. But they have not found out themselves.They know how to live. But they have not foun dlife. For life is only found with love. The wayof life is the way of love. Not the way of livingbut the way of life. Not the way of living, whichis bound to come to an end, but the way of life,which is necessarily interminable. That way oflife which is the way of love.Loving is the only life. But we are warned.Too much love may mean too little life. Puttinglove in place of power may be like putting diseasein place of health. Love. But dont love toomuch. Put a little love into trade. But keeplots of cruelty there to balance it. Be decent.But dont be too decent. Always keep some vil- lainy in reserve. Dont rob too much. But stillrob enough to keep the world indignant. If wehad no victims we would have nobody to get madat the victors. If we had no bad the good wouldbe too easy. If a man was not obliged to fightfor his life his death would be painless. Theremust be some poison in every dish. There mustbe some alloy in every deed. If we all lovedhate would possess us. We need hate to keeplove straight. We need treason to balance loy- alty. You must be very careful so as not to betoo considerate. You must spice your generosity.Put some greed into it. Make the smooth rough.Add some bitter to the sweet. A world of lovewould lack contrast. Would be without color.We need the persecutor. Men would go softwithout the tyrant. The bully will qualify theman. So you need not be so conscience strickenwhen you have done some mean thing. But for that mean thing the stars might fall out of theirplaces. Think of it. Your arm is omnipotence.Your crime is salvation. You starve the widowand the orphan. Too much love would makelove itself monotonous. Therefore, corner wheat.Therefore, collect your rents. Therefore, live 011money someone else has to work for. Therefore,rejoice in the purchased judgments of courts.Therefore, shine. No matter whom you obscure,shine. Get what you can in any way you can getit. We could not live in a heaven. Mix somehell with every heaven. Heaven is saved by thehell in it. Does the idea of love make you shud- der? lam accused of an iniquity. My love no- tion is a fallacy. It will take all the flush out ofthe cheeks of the world. It will leave us withouta cause. When a man achieves love that is theend of him. There is no bevond. So with thesocial bodv. When it has achieved love it is dead.There is nothing to continue with. Motive iskilled. Impetus is gone. After we have accom- plished love we have no reason for being. Allhaving been done there is nothing to do. Theperfect state will have to react towards imperfec- tion. Love must pray to be saved from love.They say to me: You are dragging your earththe way of death. lam charged with preachinglove at the expense of life. Life could not standlove. It would break down under the strain. Itwould cease, vanish, lapse away. Love requiresits foil. My world, my love's paradise, my fooleden, without its adams and eves and applesand temptations, would blast all harvests and re- duce the fertilities of contrast to desert sand. They say to me: Keep your hands off. Let thewrongs alone. Let the people suffer. Let theshadows thicken. I say: Loving is the only life.But you object. Institutions object. The churchobjects. The state. The piracies. They all ob- ject. They say: Loving is the only death. Loveand you will live. That is what I have said. Loveand you will die. That is what you have said.What you say. Love will produce a race ofweaklings. Lovers cant fight. Lovers cant re- sist. Lovers cant say 110. Lovers can only sur- render. Therefore, your percents are the guar- antee of life. Therefore, your injustices are whatsave society from disintegration. Hating is thespice of life. I have said: Rather go without lifethan go without love. You say: Love is onlythe fringe of the garment: we must have life.That is, we must have life no matter what be- comes of love. I say: We must have love what- ever becomes of life. You dissent. Love onlvtjleads life into a pit. Love will not do for everyday. It must have its seasons. It must be re- served for special occasions. A little love willkeep. Much love will destroy. That is why oursystems are built on cruelties. Their barbarismsare preservative. Rein your love in. Love willtake all the virility out of the social order. Ifyou are a lover, go slow. If you wish the racewell, take a second guess. It may be wiser towish it ill. You say: Every thing must be done topreserve the race. I say: Only one kind of a raceis worth preserving. I hear it said that a race oflovers is as dangerous as a race of haters. I say:There is a love beyond both love and hate. Loving is the only life. Love closes no doors.It throws everything wide open. Houses andhearts. We go from love to more love. To saylove is to say no more than that things get alongtogether. To look at the stars and say love is onlyto say that the stars obey the law of life. To lookat the body of a woman as a man and say love isonly to say that the flesh obeys the law of life.To look at a dream. To write a poem. To make ashoe. To build a bridge. To walk out in the freshair. To defy tyrants. To do such things and tosay love is only to say that whatever we do weobey the law of life. This does not mean alwaysgiving up. It means never giving up. It doesnot mean making concessions. It means demand- ing concessions. Love is not less rigorous. Loveis more rigorous. Love does not stop half way up.It goes to the top. And it finds that every tophas another top. And so love never is satisfiedwith what it has done. It always finds somethingelse to do. To look at the bud and say love isonly to prophecy the flower. To look at the waveand say love is only to call attention to the sea.To laugh in cloudy weather and say love is onlyanother verification of the sun. To face the peo- ple who think they are your enemies and say loveis only to make it plainer that you can't be stirredfrom the truth. To look at life and say love is toestablish immortality. To look at what is hiddenor doubtful and say love is only to open the eyesof the blind. To look at profits and say love isonly to lead the way to the commune. How canwe escape love? Love is the only life. To baskin the daylight and say love is only to lead to the sun. You look at men. You say men are yourbrothers. Is that as if we said: Now let us allmelt away in each other? To say brother is onlyto say law. To say brother is only to say that wehave discovered a consequence as well as a cause.To say that love will leave nothing to be done isas if one said the loyalty of a planet to its orbitleaves nothing to be done. Love is not an end.It is only a beginning. We begin to live whenwe begin to love. And as long as we continueto love we will continue to begin. Love is notthe violation of law. It is the observance oflaw. Life derives its joint and sinew from love.Love is getting along together. Whether be- tween earths or people, getting along together.Why should getting along together be worse thangetting along apart? Why should we suspectthat worlds that are loyal to their foundationsare less likely to resist the northwind than worldsthat are built upon quicksands? To say no loveis to say no life. For being alive is not life. Sim- ply going about your business, simply makingmoney, simply eating and drinking, even if youare a whole animal, is not life. To hold backlove supposing it may go too far is like holdingback life supposing there may be too much life.We will achieve all that love may see. Thenlove will see more. We will go with love to com- plete love. Then we will go farther. Eternallyfarther. As with life. Living life into the re- motest distances only to recognize unceasing far- ther obligations. There will always be more todo than ever has been done. There will alwaysbe more life coming than ever has arrived. There will always be more love needed than ever can beexpressed. To fear that love may love too muchis to fear that life may live too much. Love isthe law of life. To fear love is to fear life. Lov- ing is the only life because living together is theonly life. Because being together is inevitable.Oceans and hills and people: being together.Rain and the seed and the soil: being together.Black and white and red: being together. Aman, a woman, child: being together. Love isbeing together. The lake, the house on the shore,the hermit: being together. Yesterday, to-day,to-morrow: being together. Love gets the ob- structions out of the way of life. Gives livingtime for life. Gets the wars out of the way. Getsthe poverties and the properties out of the way.Gives the harvest a chance to mature. Makesthe ascent possible. Clears the way for the pause- less procession. For all forever. Loving is theonly life. I am just a feeler sent out ahead maybe to try the earthfor new days:I am just a leaf of grass sent up early through the soilto see if the others could live if they followed:I am just a man who sticks his head out at the front doorto see for the folks how cold the night is:I am just a migrate due from the south when the springbreaks:I am just a light thrown on a puzzling pathway to give therest a chance to travel without stumbling too often:I am just that: given a little room, a narrow margin, inwhich to play this simple part:Willing, when called, when my term is spent, to have mycredit cancelled:I, who, borrowing myself, signing for myself, cheerfully paymy note:Why shouldn't I give all hack, and more? KEEP YOUR FACE TO THE SUN Keep your face to the sun. As the day goesdown let your cheer go up. The reminiscenceof the light will last through the darkness. Donot lean upon what you absorb. Depend uponwhat you bestow. Meet the sufficient noonglarewith a haughtier illumination. Do not rejectsorrow. Do not shut your door in its face. In- vite it in. Make it feel at home. The heart inwhich sorrow is an alien misses its most sacredtenant. You will not make sorrow the masterof the house. But you will include sorrow amongyour guests. The purport of the house is joy.The purport of the house is health. The earthmay pass into a cloud. But the purport of theearth is not the cloud. Things go wrong. Butthe purport of things is right. You see injustices.You see victims. You see shipwrecks. But thepurport of experience is righteousness, deliver- ance, salvation. No matter which way I look Ikeep the sun in my face. Just as though lookinginto hell I keep heaven in my face. Just as thoughlooking at cruelty I keep kindness in my face.Just as though looking at the struggle I keep thevictory in my face. I am haunted with pres- ences which arm me with peace. There is evil.We cant explain it. But there is good, too. Andwe cant explain good. I do not wait for theuniverse to explain itself. For love to argue itscase. Maybe the universe cant be explained.Maybe love cant be argued about. Why shouldI put question marks into the sky in place of stars? It is my main buisness to live. To livenearest the best life I can discover. To live near- est the natural laws. To live nearest people. Notto ask for preferences. Not to expect odds. Tolive. To spread power. To confer exhilaration.To let the sun shine out of my face. For enoughreasons or for 110 reason at all to let the sunshine. Taking the sun for granted. Taking thebest for granted even in the face of the worst.Not being afraid that when the clock runs downit can never be started again. Expecting sur- pluses but being satisfied with shortages. Takingfame if it comes and humbling myself with it.Not reaching out for honors which do not belongto me. Letting the honors go or stay. Keepingsacred counsel with rny own soul. Letting thereturns take care of themselves. Shedding thelight. Not sneaking about the earth as if lifehad to be hid away or enjoyed in the dark. Notsnarling at men as if they had to be barked intokennels. Not going among men with discounts.Going among men with premiums. Adding alittle to everything I come near to or look at. Alittle more love. A little more justice. A littlemore loyalty. A little more resolution. I haveno logic for my joy. But I have joy for it. Orfor my affection for you. But I have you for it.Or for my devotion to the great cause. But Ihave the great cause for it. I can cite no justi- fications. But I can cite my comrades. I citemvself. I cite vou. I cite the books I read. IkJcite the struggle against money. They areenough. They are sun enough for me. They ex- plain enough. Love explains enough though it dont explain at all. The cause explains enoughthough it dont explain at all. And the abound- ing light: it too explains enough. The vast in- terstreaming dazzle of noontime: it explainsnothing but it explains enough. I who questionso much am silent. I who doubt so much accept.I who love so much do not ask for pay. Keepyour face to the sun. A greater sun may shinein your face.Keep your face to the" sun. No matter whatcomes between keep your face to the sun. Whenyour salary comes between. When the contemptof your enemies and the fear of your friendscome between. When ruin comes between. Nomatter what may come between. Keep your faceto the sun. You will be driven and warned. Youwill be despised and tempted. You will be mis- understood. You will be summoned into courtsof public prejudice. You will be asked the ques- tions of reaction and disease. But you will keepyour face to the sun. Though the sun goes inbehind a cloud will keep your face to the sun.Though the sun fails to get into your picture willkeep your picture to the sun. When you take anoffice and the office is between. When you haveambitions that come between. When cowardicecomes between. When praise comes between.When even the love of your dearest comradecomes between. You will keep your face to thesun. Ido not promise you fruit without the seedof the fruit. You will plant. And much that youplant may come to nothing in the ground. Thoughit may come to much in your heart. You willpour out property. Give the last cent. Go stripped, utterly shorn, into the contest. Butyou will keep your face to the sun. Yes: youwill despair. You will say you dont see whyyou should keep up the light. You will want tosell your birthright. You will grudge men suc- cess. You will travel where no eye can chartthe way. You will taste the bitterest defeat.You will be jealous and cruel. Your brute selfwill stand between you and the sun. Yet youwill always stand with your face to the sun. Idonot suppose anything malign comes to any manwhich may not just as well come to you. Thatno disappointment can come. That no tragedycan come. That you too may lose fortunes. Maylose more than fortunes. May lose hope. Maylose relation with the cosmos. That you too maybe cut adrift from the crowd. May be crushedby the law. May have your trust violated. Maybe deceived. May read the promises of faithbackward. May challenge justice. May go infor the abolition of brotherhood. May fool theprophets. Things do go wrong iniife though lifeitself never goes wrong. Events do conspireagainst the plans of men. But they do not con- spire against men. We have to take all into ac- count. All the momentary repulses. We oftenride a very roundabout course to victory. A coursethrough disappointment. A course through di- rect losses. A course over bad roads. Encoun- tering the devious motives of our companions.Do you keep your face to the sun? No matterwhich way you go you may keep your face tothe sun. East or west or north or south or up ordown or across it is all the same. You may keep your face to the sun. Your face shining with alight all its own. Your face baffling all rivalriesof solar glory. You who ride to death may rideto life. You may turn your back to the sun.But the sun never turns its back to you. Youmay turn your back to the soul. The soul neverturns its back to you. You may scorn the sen- timent of man. You may make light of the ro- mance of lovers. You may look with disdainupon the ignorant and the stupid. You may takecare of yourself at the expense of others. Youmay postpone or destroy the impulse to give.Your life may be a life of seizure and appropria- tion. May ride shod rough over the crowd. Mayaccept every advantage of position. Every ad- vantage of culture. Not acquiescing in the gen- eral liberties. Flourishing your gifts like clubs.Demanding awe and worship. Quoting yourmoney or your genius as evidence of your su- periority. Standing aside when the people in- vite you to serve. Pulling back when the peo- ple try to go on. Being satisfied with your sur- plus when the people have too little to eat andtoo little to wear. This may be your burden.This may be your bloodred sin. This may beyour rack. You may shrink from the sun. Yourface may turn the other way. May prefer thedarkness of possession to the light of atonement.Your eyes may be weak. May not be able tostand the sunbeams. May take no sun in andhave no sun to give out. Your eyes may enduretyranny but not endure freedom. May endureseeing labor suffer but not endure seeing laborenfranchised. May endure their inheritance but not endure their vista. This is the tragedy of thepilgrim. He passes across the earth. The pathis often dark and uncertain. Often he has to feel,because he cannot see, his way through. Then heis driven back upon his conclusions. What arehis conclusions? Conclusions of triumph or con- clusions of disaster? Conclusions for one or con- clusions for all? Conclusions of property or con- clusions of the soul? In the eclipse of reason alldepends upon the conclusions. In the disappear- ance of all you have seen all depends upon theappearance of what you have not seen. Whatare your conclusions? When all resource givesout. When the road seems to end. When fac- ulty and vision have lost the impulse of appeal.Then all depends upon the conclusion. The con- clusion to abandon all gobetweens and trust your- self to the soul. The conclusion to refuse allpreferments and trust yourself to the people.The conclusion to face the sun even if it blind you.The conclusion to meet sun with sun. The splen- did sun sufficing for the love of the body with thesun more splendid sufficing for the love of thespirit.Keep your face to the sun. I love you, O sun.But I too am a sun. Sometimes I think I lightyou: that you dont light me. That I each dayrekindle your expiring fires. That if I did notcome up in the morning you would not come up.That you do not appear at the horizon greetingthe world. That I appear. That you do notcross the heavens glorifying your unrivalled pas- sage and sanctifying your retrospect with thematchless twilight. That I cross the heavens. That all the majesty and the wonder inheres tome. That Ido not depend upon you. That youdepend upon me. That Persia did not worshipyou. That Persia worshipped me. That after allyou are only the form while I am the substance.That you might be blotted out. That no harmwould come to man. But that if I was blottedout the fate of man would be sealed in annihila- tion That I have ejected you from the heavensand assumed your place. That you no longerrule, godstrong on a celestial throne. That Irule, man-potent in the hum of the commonstreet. That the farms and the orchards do notlook to you for fructification. That they look tome. That all harvests are my harvests.Harvests of fields as well as harvests of hearts.Harvests of justice as well as harvests of things.Harvests of ideals as well as harvests of deeds.That the supreme life is not there with you inthe orbits of the heavens. That they are herewith me in the twists and turns of alleys andpikes. I see now O sun that it is important tobe a sun but that it is more important to be aman. That it is right to shine like a sun but thatit is more than right to shine like a lover. Thateverything whatever seen or unseen is great andawes me. But that there is something neitherseen nor unseen that stirs me to mightier results.That it is no mistake to make much of yourgenial flame: that you give life without questionand cannot be denied your pay. That it is stillless a mistake to make more of my precedentendowments: that they give ampler life withoutquestion and cannot be denied their pay. The pay of the sun is the pay of the crops. Is thepay of houses. Is the pay of dividends. Is thepay of profit and loss. The pay of my dreams is thepay of love. Is the pay of men and women andchildren. Is the pay of immortality. I too O sunget down on my knees to you. I too O sun standerect honoring you. I too O sun gather with thecrowds acknowledging your first causes. I tooO sun let no rival shame mv tribute. I too Osun call you God. And you, O sun, do you realiz- ing yourself admit me ? You too O sun: do youget down on your knees honoring me? Do youO sun gathering with the stars and the wheat andthe factories acknowledge my first causes? Doyou O sun bringing tribute do as much for meas any other and more? Do you O sun call meGod? I have said of you O sun: you feed mybody. Do you say of me O sun: you feed mysoul? I have said to my darling comrades thelands and seas over gasping for life: Keep yourface to the sun. I have said to them: No matterwhat happens, 110 matter for barbarism and mur- der, no matter for robbery and starvation, nomatter for yawning perditions, keep your faceto the sun. And I say to you O sun subtractingno atom from the sum of your illimitability:Keep your face to me. Comrades: Come: assem- ble yourselves about me. The first word shall bethe last word and the last word the first wordagain: Keep your face to the sun. The May issue of THE GLEBEwill present Poems by George Cronyn.Contents of Volume I:songs, sighs and Curses. By AdolfWolff .........................60c.The Diary of a Suicide. By Wallace E.Baker .........................50c.The Azure Adder. By Charles Demuth...................35.Lover of Once's Neighhor. By LeonidAndreyev........................35c.Des Imagistes. An Anthology.....50c.Erna Vitek. By Alfred Kreyinborg...........................All sold.Hereafter all single copies will be50 cents.The subscription price per year is$3.00. POETRYA MAGAZINE OF VERSEEdited by Harriet Monroe, 543 Cass St., Chicago, 111. POETRY, at the end of its first year, is no longer an experi-ment but an assured artistic success, a publication whoseimportance is authoritatively recognized, not only in thiscountry, but in Great Britain and France as well. Thefield it has opened up is full of brilliant possibilities, en-couraging the editors to hope for the enthusiastic sup-port of a discriminating public.POETRY endeavors to present the best verse now beingwritten in English, quality alone being the test of ac-ceptance.POETRY is an effort to create an organ for the art. Whilethe ordinary magazines must minister to a large publiclittle interested in poetry, this magazine appeals to andwill develop a public primarily interested in poetry asan art, potentially the highest, most complete human ex-pression of truth and beauty. Thus it offers to poets achance to be heard by their own audience, in their ownplace, without the limitations imposed by the popularmagazines. And to lovers of poetry it offers each montha sheaf of new verse in delicate form uninterrupted byprose articles demanding a different mood.If You Love Good Poetry, Subscribe—POETRY543 Cass Street, Chicago.Send POETRY for one year ($1.50 enclosed) beginningtoNameAddress CHANTS COMMUNALBy HORACE TRAUBELBoards, $l.OO net. Paper, 30 cents postpaid.Inspirational prose pieces fired by revolutionary idealism and pro-phetically subtle in their vision. The high esteem in which Traubel'swork is held is attested by the following unusual commendations:Mildred Bain: "In 'Chants Communal' we have some of the mostmagnificent poetry which has ever accompanied a historic movement ofthought. These songs may well be termed scriptural. They are the veryheart beat of humanity. Such powerful exhortations, such fiercely tenderpleadings are in them. They are religious in the deepest, broadest sense.Every one of them is a call to the higher self in man; is instinct withthe consciousness of the sacredness of life in its human every-day aspects."Jack London: "His is the vision of the poet and the voice ofthe poet."Eugene V. Debs: "Traubel is a philosopher, a poet, and a prophet;he has produced a volume of literature;—the literature of life and love,of freedom and joy, and of universal social redemption."Clarence Darrow: "Horace Traubel is both a poet and a philosopher.No one can say anything too good about him or his work."George D. Herron: "It is a book of the highest value and beautythat Horace Traubel proposes to # give us, and I can only hope that itwill be read as widely and appreciatively as it more than deserves to be;for it is with a joy that would seem extravagant, if I expressed it, thatI welcome 'Chants Communal.' "ALBERT AND CHARLES BONI96 FIFTH A VENUE - - - - NEW YORK THE INTERNATIONALA magazine for matured minds.A magazine for those who dare to think.A magazine for all true cosmopolites.A magazine with a courage so fearless that it publishesthe best.Brieux, Schnitzler, Strindberg are only a few of the ad-vanced thinkers who have appeared in the pages of THEINTERNATIONAL.We have been in the vanguard of intellectual freedom.We shall always be far ahead of our times.You may glimpse the future by reading THE INTER-NATIONAL.George Sylvester Viereck, Editor.Leonard D. Abbott, Richard Le Gallienne, Associate Editors.15 CENTS A COPY. $1.50 A YEAR.MOODS PUBLISHING COMPANY29 WEST 42ND STREET - - NEW YORK CITY JOHN REEDBack from MexicoMAX EASTMANin Coloradowill give in detail the truestory of the Colorado andMexican Wars. DON'Tforget to order your copy,of the June number of"The Masses"JO Cents a Copy—One Dollar a IT earTHE MASSES PUB. CO.91 GREENWICH AVENUENEW YORK CITY, NEW YORK The Little ReviewMARGARET G. ANDERSON, EditorFine Arts Building, ChicagoA New Monthly Journal—lll 1 1 Mm —limilllMll !■ IWI 111 11l WW I TMrtrMHWri lllia illl ■ lllllilMißllll 111Drama, Music and ArtIt is unacademic, enthusiastic, appreciative and youthful,seeking and emphasizing the truth which is beauty, and in-sisting upon a larger naturalness and a nobler seriousnessin art and life.It is not connected in any way with any organization orcompany, is free from propaganda and outworn traditions,and has ideals and convictions which have already securedit a large, critical list of readers.The third (May) number contains the following:On Behalf of Literature DeWitt C. WingThe Challenge of Emma Goldman,Margaret C. AndersonChloroform, Mary Aldis and Arthur Davisson Ficke"True to Life"..... Edith WyattImpression George SouleArt and Life George Burman FosterPatriots Parke Farley"Change" at the Fine Arts Theatre.Correspondence:The Vision of Wells.Another View of "The Dark Flower."Dr. Foster's Articles on Nietzsche.Lawton Parker Eunice TietjensNew York Letter George SouleUnion vs. Union Privileges... .Henry Blackman SellBook Discussion:Mr. Chesterton's Prejudices.Dr. Flexner on Prostitution.The Critics' Critic.Sentence Reviews.Letters to The Little Review.The subscription price is $2.50 per annum; 25 centsa copy.