Bruno's Weekly 2 17 April 22nd, MCMXVI naaq_1916-04-22_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 2 17 Djuna Barnes Illustration 1 Easter Marion William Reedy cre 3 Some Personal Recollections of Greenwich Village Euphemia M. Olcott cre 3-5 Passing Paris Muriel Cielkovska cre 6 Come, William et al Edgar Lee Masters cre 7 Flasks and Flagons Francis S. Saltus cre 8 Chinese Letters The Festival of Ba Yueh Dzieh Alan W. S. Lee, Wuhu, China cre 8-9 A Publishers' Club 9-10 Sonnet Oscar Wilde cre 10 Our Daily Press 11 Society Columns Illustration 11 Romance in Installments Illustration 11 Family Magazine Page Illustration 11 Tragedy Day by Day Illustration 11 Automobiles and Things Tom Sleeper cre 12 Two Things by Cat's Paw 12 In Our Village 12-15 A Defense (?) of Vaudeville W. V. Richberg cre 15 Books and Magazines of the Week 16 Von Zorn A. K cre 16 From The Mirror, St. Louis 16 Failure? —Diamond Crisp cre 16 In a Modern Art Gallery Guido Bruno cre 17 Gleanings From Jean Paul 17 The Last of the War Correspondents 18 To Clara Tice Violet Leigh cre 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents April 22nd, 1916 Copyright April 22d. 1916. Orw»n»i mtter, iochidras •!drawing*. MT not b« reproduced without pemi«i&lt;w of Guid*BruM; but that permiMon nay ba aiwtnrad if credit ;« fi*«o I*author ud Bruaa'» Watkly. Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, situateat No. 10 Fifth Ave., Greenwich Village, N. Y. (Guido Bruno, ManagerCommemoration ofSHAKESPEARE'S BIRTHDAYSaturday, April 22d, 1916, at 8.45 P. M.Edward A. Mead will present scenes from the MERCHANTVENICE, from JULIUS CAESAR, from HAMLET and fromMIDSUMMER NIGHT'S DREAM.Mr. Edward Roberts will sing songs by Shakespeare set to mmby Eric Cotef.Miss Frances Foster, the pianist, will play old English airsYogue in the age of Shakespeare*A re-creation of Mark Anthony's oration from JULIUS CAESion the Diamond Disc will conclude the programme. Readers of Bruno's Weeklyare asked to becomeSubscribers52 ISSUES FOR TWO DOLLARS BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No, 17. APRIL 22nd, MCM XVI. Vol. II '*/ am itidfbted for this story to Mr. Henry Collins Brown, whogave me permission to extract it from his beautiful ''Booh of OldNew York," printed by him privately for collectors:.Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued) BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKL.Y BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY {Concluded, from last week) Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both, at 58 WashingtonSquare, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of NewYork, N. Y., October 14th, 1915, under the Act of M&amp;roh3d, 1879. Djuna Barnes Easter Marion William Reedy. Easter! It is an assurance that death does not rule the world.We need it, viewing the wide welter of war, Those dead overthere died for something beyond death and the life they so freelygave. They die that other men may live, that certain ideals,however dimly or distortedly conceived, may have assurance of■ persistence. They die, too, at the urge of mighty forces using themfor ends we must believe are good. Do we not see that Life burnsbrighter for the mighty orgy of Death? Is there not sensibly aspiritual quickening of men before the tragedy of the dozen nationssworn to slaughter? Is not Pity succeeding Rage, and Hate in itsown futility engendering Love? IVhen truly was the world, moredesirous of peace than now, when war figs purged its,spirit throughits horrors? How many evils this war will sweep, away! An oldworld is dying in*blood. A new world is being born in cataclysmictravail. The old earth has come through mat?v wars and tobetterment. The race of man has learned through suffering. Ithas forgot and has had to learn again and more. Death perpetuallyrenews Life. And Love wields both in interplay, The tieoPles willbe nearer one another for this present madness, If we believe notthis, the universe is . a madhouse and the law of being is theemanation of an Infinite Idiot. The millennium is yet far off.There will be other wars, other purifications by fire and blood.A God, they say, died for us. We shall have to die often for theGod within ourselves, till all but the God shall-remain dead andthen His kingdom come. There shall be myriads of Ea*tzrs erethe agonies be done,- if ever. And endless loveliness of recurringSprings "with that nameless pathos in the air" for all that die thatSpring may come to be. 1 •&gt; • ' Some Personal Recollections of Green- wich Village By Euphemia M. Olcott THE contact of our family with Greenwich Village datesback to the days of my great-grandfather, the Rev. JohnM. Mason, D.D., of the Presbyterian Church in Murray Street,who lived for some time at what became the corner ofEleventh Street and Sixth Avenue. I never saw him, butvisited the house in my childhood, when it Was occupied byan old Mr. Pringle, who was a friend of the family. .-Mymother was born away out in the dbuntrv, on Lovers' Lane on the Odthout Farm, where her grandfather had rentedhouse to take his family out of the reach of cholera, theprevalent in the city. She was born on the third of Augus1819—a contemporary of Her Majesty, Queen Victoria. Hebirthplace was a frame house with hip roof. In after yeara brick front was put on and the hip roof was straighteneup with bricks. The house was divided into two, and becameither 32 and 34 West Twentieth, Street, or 34 and 36—I atnot sure which. Only a dozen year ago, when business madits inroads into that section, I discovered workmen razinthe building, and the next one having been previously demolished, I could see the outline of the old roof and somof the original clapboards. Much to the amazement of thlaborers I asked for and secured some pieces of these clapboards and distributed sections of them at our family dinnetable on the next Thanskgiving Day. My mother grew uat the corner of Fulton and Nassau Streets, her father beinjthe Rev. John Knox, D.D., whose pastorate of forty yearwas in the Collegiate Dutch Church. She often visited iiGreenwich Village, both at her grandfather's and at the homof Mr. Abraham Van Nest, which had been built an&lt;originally occupied by Sir Peter Warren. But she nevethought of going so far for less than a week! There was ;city conveyance for part of the way, and then the old Greenwich stage enabled them to complete the long iournev. Thiran several times a day, and when my mother committed hehymn,"Hasten, sinner, to be wiseEre this evening's stage be run,"she told us that for some years it never occurred to her thait could mean anything in the world but the Greenwich stageMr. Van Nest's house was as dear to my young days as t&lt;those of my mother. It was a square frame house on ;slight elevation in the midst of land bounded by Fourth an&lt;Bleecker, Charles and Perry Streets. It was the countnresidence of a gentleman, with flower and vegetable gardensa stable, a cow, chickens, pigeons and a peacock, all dear t&lt;childish hearts. And likewise „"In that mansion used to beFree-hearted hospitality."From its doors many children had married and gone fortlbefore my time came, and the mother I never knew. Bu"old Mr. Van Nest," a faithful elder in our church, one especially liberal in his ideas of what the ministers ought t&lt;receive, and his daughter, Miss Katherjne Van Nest, mad&lt;many young hearts happy, not only the returning grandchildren, but those who, like myself, could present onljclaims of friendship with kinship. A large hall ran througlthe house and a large mahogany table stood there, and thi:was always furnished with a large silver cake-basket full odeclicious sponge-cake, a batch of which must have beermade every morning, I am sure, by the colored cook. Ancfrom this basket we were urged—no! We never needec urging—we were permitted to help ourselves—and we did.This was just for ordinary days, but yearly, at least, therewas a children's party where mirth and jollity reigned and allold-fashioned games were played and every child carriedhome a charming- little gift. A party dress then was—lremember one such very distinctly from my pride in itsacquisition—a red merino, short enough to show the whitepantalettes which went down to our ankles, and over it adotted Swiss muslin apron with straps over the shoulders.And we felt just as fine as the more bedizened little creaturesof to-day—and I yield to no generations, before our daysor since, in the good times we had.It was in 1843 that my mother married, her father thenbeing resident at the corner of Fourth and Mercer Streets.There I was born in 1844, and when I was two months oldI was carried to her home, where I still reside. This isin Thirteenth Street, west of Sixth Avenue. There was adrug store, kept by Mrs. M. Giles, on the corner, and beyondthat lot began a row of dwelling houses of which my fatherbought the fifth, but latterly business has absorbed four ofthese, so that we are now the first residence on the block. Itwas very far uptown in those days—there is a letter stillextant which predicts that my mother will never see herold friends for they cannot go so far up—and it was thoughtvery narrow,, being only twenty feet wide. Oilcloth was inthose days laid in the halls, but my grandfather advisedagainst it, saying, "Throw down a strip of carpet, Helen:you won't stay here five years." She Stayed sixty-five, untilshe was within two months of ninety years, when she wentto her home above. Nine children were born there, one ofwhom made a brief stay in this world—but eight of us grewup, four boys and four girls, a natural, wholesome, noisy,merry set of youngsters, whose old-fashioned ways woulddoubtless amaze the succeeding generations. Just to mentionone thing—no Sunday paper has ever been delivered at ourdoor.The location, considered from a sanitary point of view, hasalways been excellent; in fact, it was a knowledge of this thatdetermined its choice. The Croton water was in the house,and even a bath-tub, but no stationary tubs for a good manyyears and well do I remember seeing the maids on Mondayafternoon carrying out the round tubs and emptying theininto the gutter, and great was our glee if the water souseda great black pig from its siesta—for these creatures roamedat large and were the only scavengers of any consequence.Well do I remember also the introduction of gas and howwe followed our father from room to roo'm as he triumphantlylit each burner. It was a frolic after that on winter eveningsto shuffle across the carpet and light the gas with an electricspark from the tips of our fingers, I being the one mostusually successful in this feat. Passing Paris Muriel Cielkovska April Ist, 1916. TRIENNALE. A selection from the leading art-groupiand limited to artists of French nationality furnishes «good, tangible object-lesson of what is to be expected oimodern French art and serves as apdlogy for a display at th&lt;present juncture. Naturally it is chiefly retrospective, notin its representatives, but in the works it summons togethermost of these being already familiar to habitues of the annuashows. A judicious, deliberate eclecticism balances the moslopposed schools one against the other: Matisse versus Bon- nat; Harpignies versus Marquet; Mme. Marval versus MileDufau, etc. Besides the veteran Harpignies there are othersDegas, and Renoir, who here introduces himself as a sculptoi—a young, debutant sculptor, nearly eighty years oic Dy tneway. Claude Monet is missing, but in his stead there areSignac, as president of the Independants, and Odilon Redonwho has dared, and quite exceptionally, to honour these wallsfor he does not care to mingle in "mixed" society as a ruleAnd it is well for his companions, they being painters oivarying degrees, high or low in the scale, but merely paintersand M. Redon on another plane, outside their zone of opera- tions. The same criterion does not apply to them and tchim. It is clear that they struggle for some technical su- premacy, while he, possessing his technique, possessing it inthe sense that the Japanese masters possessed theirs, aimsand achieves, through an amazing mastery of his materialsthe absolute liberation of the material element in painting.His art is not only art, but an art.On all hands artists are making a stand against the war- deluge. Some yield prudently to the general turmoil byindividual transformations and, realizing the vanity of prac- tising ''fine" art at its finest just now, adapt their skill tomore accessible forms, and we have painters and sculptorstrying their hand at toys in response to a demand for theFrench and, especially, artistic idea. M. Poulbot, thedraughtsman, had, years before the war, set an example withhis gutter-snipe dolls. Mile. Poupelet, our leading woman- sculptor and one of our leading artists, irrespective of sex,was one of the next to make an attempt in this direction, and** has gathered round her who model and carve andcarpenter for the intended amusement of the young and thecertain admiration of the old. Several exhibitions have al- i eady been held in Paris and New York, yielding successsurpassing anticipation, though it is not to be supposed thatthe more remarkable qualities some of these little knick- more obvious purpose is par- ticularly apparent to the general public. " From"The Egoist" London Come, William et al By Edgar Lee Masters POME William, you are the author of "Currents ofDestiny."Come, Theodore, you wrote "Cowardly Skrinking fromDuty."Come, both of you, America needs you.We have a problem.It is called: "Neutrality, or The Freedom of the Seas."We will make it into two problems,For it would be a shameTo waste both of you on one problem.One problem then is Neutrality,And that's for you, William.And one is The Freedom of the Seas,That's for you, Theodore.And first where do the Currents of Destiny take us,O, William, in the handling of neutrality?And if we do not shrink in a way too cowardly *May we have the freedom of the seas,O, Theodore?Ahem! There are difficulties!For it is nice to stop the submarines,But it would be nice to ship goods, wouldn't it.To .neutral countries?But how can you do itWhen certain foreign consuls at our portsWon't let you?And if they won't let you, where's your neutrality.And your freedom of the seas?Well, now, Theodore, how shall we not shrinkIn a way cowardly or otherwise?Ahem! we could drive these consuls from the customhouses,And send battleshipsTo convey America's meat!But if we did,What would become of our precious PhilippinesWhich came to us on the currents of destinyAnd through bravely doing our dutyAnd not cowardly shrinking from itAhem! You get the secret thought no doubt!Come, William!.Come, Theodore!What shall we do?For you who piloted the Republic to such gloryCan certainly take us to the Islands of the Blest! Via Reedy's St. Louis Mirror. Flasks and Flagons By Francis S. Saltus Water I HEAR strange voices in the warm, swift rain,That falls in tumult upon town and field;It seems to tell a mystery unconcealed,Yet heiroglyphic to a mortal's brain.It sighs and moans as if in utter painOf some colossal sorrow, never healed;It warns of awful secrets unrevealed,And every drop repeats the sad refrain.And then I think of the enormous seaFed by these drops, with drifting wrecks bestrewn,And dimly, vaguely, like a far-off sound,The meaning of their sorrow comes to me,For they may be, oh rare, considerable boon,Heaven's humble mourners for the unnumbereddrowned. Brandy 'P'HY mighty power stirs up the sluggish bloodTo craft and cunning and rejuvenate fire,And fills again with raptures of desireThe failing sense that drowns in armour's flood.The spirit's song, freed from our carnal mud,Then soars supreme, and grandlier doth aspire,And with new vigor that can never tire,The flowers of fancy burst within the bud.In nobler ways, even yet, thou prov'st thy might,When soldiers, strengthened by thy drops of flameForget their gory wounds in frantic zeal.And with high souls all thrilling for the fight*Assault dread bastions for their country's fame,And lead their flags thro' labyrinths of steel! Chinese Letters The Festival of Ba Yueh Dzieh By Alan W. S. Lee, Wuhu, China. 'P'HIS is the night of perfect beauty, the night of worship,the Festival of the Moon—ba yueh dzieh. It is seveno'clock, and all through the land of the Middle Kingdom ttieBlack Haired People turn their faces to the East. On everyone of the little hills around about Wuhu (sedgy lake) stand- groups of men, women and children, on every high place theystand in silhouette against the ever deepening light of theeastern sky. They stand with outstretched arms to welcomethe Moon, waiting silently, patiently, until she shall appear.Lights glow in the temple under the Pagoda on the hill,but they shine wan and faint against the bright glory behindit. Suddenly the silence is broken, the big bell in the temple of Gwo Yin and the bells from the pagoda boom across thefields of rice to the country across the river. Bells from thetemple inside the city call back and forth to each other, gongsclang sharply, the thud of big drums and hollow woodeninstruments mingle into one continuous sound, and under itall is the low murmur of many voices.The figures on the highest hill are frantically waving their- arms for they have seen the Moon, and now over the edgeof the hill her great golden arc swings slowly up behindthe Pagoda. It is a perfect night, and all the city is out tado worship to Her—Astarte, Diana, Ashtoreth,All yesterday and to-day the streets of the city and all thecountry roads were crowded with men and women, bearingbaskets full of incense. It was almost impossible to get alongthe Chang Giai, as no one was in a hurry, and every onewanted to stop and talk to every one else, for yesterday wasalso a holiday. „Now from every square, every yard and open place thickclouds of pale blue smoke rise to the Moon, and she is gladfor on no other night of the year has she been so beautiful.This is not a religious festival, Confucians, Buddhists, Taoists,Shintoists, and Mohammedans worship the Queen of Nighttogether.From my table goes up three streams of incense smoke,fragrant and sweet, from burners of brass, and por- celain.The Moon is well above the hills'now, and by her light Ican see a water buffalo lying half-submerged in the poolacross the road. The air is full of whirling lights, and fireworks of many kinds. The gongs, and bells and the fireworks will continue all night, and not until dawn will theweary people stop for sleep. A Publishers' Club "Look here, Scribner! Don't be downcast. The vogue ofAmerican literature in the United States may'be only tempo- rary."With those consoling words, the obese Macmillan slappedthe weeping Scribner on the back; The weeping Scribnerwas not consoled."It's all very well for you, Macmillan," he sighed. "Youcan spend your best years in New York on a list that isBritish and then give bold interviews to the newspapersabout the encouragement you have given to American litera- ture. But we Scribners live by beating the British drum."He buried his Anglican countenance in a London pockethandkerchief."This procession is about to start!" roared Uoubleday. "Allbanners must bear the portraits of American authors."A quaint procession they formed as they sallied out of thePublishers' Club, trying hard to look as if they had ever doneanything for American literature. Houghtonmifflin, in hiscapacity as the most Anglicised of them all, took the lead.Dodd, caught with the British goods on him, paraded side*by sidewith Putnam, who carried a British flag painted over toresemble the stars and stripes.'I'm afraid;'''sighed Harper, as they turned into Fifth Ave- nue* "we'll' never bluff them with this sort of thing."He looked dtibiously at an Americanized list issued in ahurry to suggest that it wasn't made in London."You don't know Matmillan," murmured Holt. "He candisguise himself so cleverly that you'd read the map of Lon- don in his face with difficulty at first."' Just then the procession, with Appleton at the head of it,turned out of Fifth Avenue into a side street, halting in frontof a private residence."Now, boys," yelled Doubleday, "give 'em Yankee Doodle."They burst into a chorus of "Rule, Encyclopoedia Britan- nicat" As New York publishers, they thought the tunesinterchangeable. They had not been singing very long, whena bedroom window above their heads flew open and theReading Public appeared."Oh, I say!" cried Scribner, clapping a monocle to his eye."Amewican literachach, ye know! We're for it. HenwyJimes—that sort of thing, ye know.""Bah Jove!" struck in Macmillan. "We're very American,what! Marion Crawford—er—ah!—Jack Lon'."" 'Mericaii, s'elp me bob !" Holt was addressing the ReadingPublic now. "Poe, you know. Hawthorne. Ya'as, ya'as!""But," asked the Readiiig Public, suddenly, "why must youNew York publishers wake me up out of my bed in the mid- dle of the night to tell me you are friendly to American litera- ture?" :All eyes were turned oti Macmillan, but that Anglican wasunable to bluff on the spur of the moment. Before they knewit a hose was turned on them, and as they fled bacl to thePublishers' Club, the dripping Scribner assured the sousedDodd that Macmillan had made a fool of them all again—what? Alexander Harvey in his Weekly " The Bang." Sonnet Oscar Wilde. 1 wandered in Scoglietto's green retreat.The oranges on each o'erhanging sprayBurned as bright lamps of gold to shame the day;Some startled bird with fluttering wings and fleetMade snow of all the blossoms, at my feetLike silver moons the pale narcissi lay:And the curved waves that streaked the sapphire bayLaughed i' the sun, and life seemed very sweetOutside the young boy-priest passed singing clear,"Jesus the Son of Mary has been slain,O come and fill his sepulcher with flowers."Ah, God! Ah, God! those dear Hellenic hoursHad drowned all memory of thy bitter pain,The Cross, the Crown, the Soldiers, and the Spear. Written in JHoly Week at Genoa Our Daily Press Society Columns Romance in Installments Family Magazine Page Tragedy Day by Day Automobiles and Things Tom Sleeper. WE sat all day on a rock high above the sea, proppedagainst a solitary ragged cedar.And the wind rising over the cliff blew drenching fogsagainst us.We sat quietly, not very far apart.At last, stiff and dripping, we swashed thru the cran- berry swamp towards home—slowly, very, veryslowly.That was a long, long time ago—I wonder if we would call that fun now? Two Things by Cat's Paw A Man Without Money A MAN without money is a body without a soul—a walkingdeath—a spectre that frightens every one. His counte- nance is sorrowful, and his conversation languishing andtedious. If he calls upon an acquaintance he never finds himat home, and if he opens his mouth to speak, he is interruptedevery moment, so that he may not have a chance to finishhis discourse, which it is feared may end with his askingfor money. He is avoided like a person infected with disease,and is regarded as an incumbrance to the earth. Want wakeshim up in the morning, and misery accompanies him to bedat night. The ladies discover that he is an awkward booby—landlords believe that he lives upon air, and if he wants anything from a tradesman, he is asked for cash before delivery. The Fortitude of a Pig THE stoicism of a pig is enviable. The manner in whichhe receives the injuries heaped on him is no proof of it,certainly but his mode of bearing them after they areinflicted, is truly his own. No creature on earth can makemore noise than he does to prevent himself from being hurt;but that is excellent policy. He seems to know the valueof the old proverb, "It is better to prevent than to cure."But when he finds the thing is done, he is silent, and aspatient as Job himself. Indeed, if .fob had been allotted tobear what a pig bears we might be permitted to doubt hispatience. The trials of swine are great. In Our Village BUT if we look back on the scenes of what we are accus- tomed to call the Village, back of the Square, west ofFifth Avenue and still more west of Sixth Avenue, our illusionvanishes. Back of the community which seems so unique withits worshipful reminiscences of the old, with its stately man- sions, with its touch of cosmopolitan grandeur as it is voicedevery night in the Brevoort, the Lafayette, in Mazzini's, in theGreenwich Village Inn, or in the studios of our pur popularones who harbor refugees from all belligerent countries: Ragged children playing on sidewalks and thoroughfares,babies which rightfully should be in the arms of their moth- ■ ers left in the care of older sisters or brothers, sitting ondoorsteps or fighting for a place on one of the few benchesof Washington Square. The illusion that we are living in avillage, superior and extraordinary, vanishes quickly if westroll around Bleecker street or down Houston or Thompsonand all the other tenement streets. We hardly think it pos- sible that so few, time-worn, rickety, dirty old houses canserve as domiciles for so many thousands of families. Puttogether all the heart-touching newspaper stories and reportsof charitable associations about human misery in the big cityas they appear before Christmas, make a mosaic of the mostpitiful conditions humanity in a big city is subjected to . . .and you will have the painting, vivid in colors and natural- istic in conception, to which we of the Greenwich Village onWashington Square and on Fifth Avenue, created the much- admired and talked-about frame.We discarded our overcoats, the furs are properly storedaway, we are thinking of our trip, of moving to the country;the trees are budding, soft green blades of grass pe.ep bash- fully out of the, brown earth, the sparrows came forth fromunder their eaves repairing their summer residences in treesand bushes. .The sun did it. The sun with its kind golden rays, whichare more beautiful on the dirtiest sidewalk of Little Italy backof our square amidst the raggedest and noisiest lot of chil- dren than the chiselled gold-circling around the cold, costly- cut precious stones in Tiffany's window on Fifth Avenue. Thesun did it, who shines for the poorest of us just as warmand gladly as for the richest. The sun who finds his way tothe heart of every one of us, no matter where we are, no"'matter what our lot in this world might be; the sun comesand knocks at the door of our heart, and he is persistent. Wewill have to open, even if we think in the importance of ourmicrobic existence that we have no time .- . . . for sunrays which warm our heart and for light and for love.One quarter of an acre of playgrounds is provided by ourcit)' for the thirty-five thousand children of' Greenwich Vil- lage. One quarter of an acre of land to play in, to romp in,to feel like a human being before being shut up again in theevening in the stuffy, atmosphere of a dingy tenement room.There are large parks in other parts of the city; parks wherethese poor little ones who do not know God's free countrycould spend a day a»d think they had been in the country.But mothers cannot take them, they have to work and slavefrom morning till late in the night in order to eke out a livingafter they succeeded to earn enough to pay their rent to theirlandlord (I cannot understand how the honorable landlordsdare to take money for these dungeon holes, very often un- fit to house vermin).Cars and elevators cannot be used without paying a fareand children get very hungry being out in the green usingfor once their limbs unrestrictedly, and a proper repast hasto be provided for them. The babies want milk. ' There is a man among us who plays St. Peter to the chil- 'dren of Greenwich Village. He, is the gatekeeper to thesummer pleasures of thirty-five thousand futur citizens ofour country. The Rev. Sheridan Watson Bell of the Wash- ington Square Church, supported by a host of men and wo- men—his true apostles—is planning for this year still morethan he did last year for the children of the village. No sec- tarian questions are being asked, no matter what nationalityor denomination : they might call their own. They all arealike, they all are entitled to fresh air, to sunlight, to thefreedom of the country. Dr. Bell gave last year twO*hundredand fifty children each week a whole day in one of our cityparks. They had a jolly ride up to the park, a lot of playingif they felt like it; they could lie on the green grass and lookup to the sky, unhampered by smoke-stacks and factory build- ings, and they could watch the passing clouds. They coulddream, and a good substantial lunch would remind them thatdreams come true even here on earth. And then the ridehomeward again, fun and laughter and tired—healthily tired,ready for a good night's rest.Do you remember how often kids come up to you whileyou are buying a ticket for a moving picture show and lookat you with their pleading, hungry eyes: "Please, mister,take me in." If you are one of those who feel the warmspring sun even if their backs are turned to the. window,you'll buy a ticket for the child and play the host.If you feel inclined to give one of these thirty-five thou- sand children of our village eight perfect summer days awayfrom the dusty, smoky street, send Dr. Bell one dollar. Sendit in care of the Washington Square Church or in care ofBruno's Weekly. What is one dollar? The tip you hand thewaiter after a ten dollar dinner, the price of five high-balls,the price of a taxi from the Brevoort Hotel to some lobsterpalace. . . . No, not that? A part of your weekly roomrent, almost the half of a pair of shoes or your laundry bill?But think, it means sun, happiness, health to a little boyor to a little girl.Of course, you will send that dollar. But send it immedi- ately. Bis dat,* qui cito dat..A.'&gt;* ' L - 'Djuna Barnes, who designed the front cover of Bruno'sWeekly this week, retired to a sedate and quiet private life.After a rather exciting career of a few years of newspaperwork (drawing and writing) she decided to do some realwork unhampered by editorial (sic!) influences. A series ofwar pictures and among these her uncanny gripping "TheBullet," are not only the work of a promising artist, but ofone who started to really fulfill promises.As well as in drawing and painting she has a style of herown in her literary adventures. Her. poems and her shortstories cannot possibly be called otherwise but adventures.She feels the rhythm of her inspiration and she strugglesalong as good as she can to make us feel it too. Her inspira- tion is flirting constantly with her creative desires. ButDjuna Barnes is a bad match-maker. The little things in life make for tragedies. Spelling, punctuation, syntax, lack ofconcentration, are such little things. They are every-daytragedies in Djuna's life.Charles Keeler is expecting anxiously the appearance ofhis new book "Songs of Victory." It should have been out afew weeks ago, but Laurence Gomme is not better than allthe other publishers, just a little bit late.- ,» » -v % 1 • ' I ......Hamilton Owens, once upon a time the youthful Sundayeditor for Mr. Munsey's New York "Press," and who is nowthe publisher of the "Motion Picture Mail," made after a longabsence a trip to the village. He and his associate editorHomestead, were seen last week in a spaghetti house. A Defense (?) of Vaudeville W. V. Richberg. VAUDEVILLEis excellence of execution without motive.Drama is motive partially dependent upon execution. InDrama we see life. The Drama is for people who do not seelife until it is acted, and for those who prefer to look at lifeonly. ,Drama is life. Vaudeville is the beauty of life. We enjoythe beauty of life without the motive when we watch agraceful diver, when we dance, in music, sometimes in paint- ings. There are those who revel in Brahms, and discardWagner as. inferior. It is a matter of comparative execution.Drama is the idea.Drama, like the cigar, stimulates and continues meditation,research. Vaudeville the cigarette, affects the senses primar- ily, the brain reflexly. Drama is for those who do -not knowintrospection and musing, and for those who dwell exclu- sively on life. Vaudeville appeals to those who ARE Dramaand seek beauty without motive, and to those who sense theprimitive affect, unconscious of cause.A Drama may be good even with poor execution; Vaude- ville, never. A Drama is an idea well expressed in wordsand action. A Vaudeville act (not a play in a vaudevilleprogram, but an exhibition of strength, beauty, equilibrism,rhythme or buffoonery) is execution and personality minusmotive—as is a concert. Granting that music may' have ameaning-—it is sensual, not mental.Humor is the intermediate medium between sense and brain,and Drama is essentially mental, tempered—but slightly—by scenery and acting. Opera depends upon both motive andexecution, but execution is the more essential.To sum up:—Drama is study; Vaudeville, enjoyment. Books and Magazines of the Week Von Zorn A. K. ETDWARD ARLINGTON ROBINSON'S "Van Zorn," acomedy in three acts, and'published by that lady-like con- cern, the Macmillans is, for some reason or other, laid in Mac- dougall Alley, Greenwich Village, New' York. The charactersare artists who are wealthy. With all due respect to Mr.Robinson as one of our foremost American poets, we cannotapplaud a work whose relation to the life of the alley is aboutas real as an automaton is to a human being. The characterstalk like books, and of them all, Van Zorn himself, a wealthyfatalist, is the most tiresome. Villa, the heroine, is a stiltedlady. Her attempts at wit are a painful bore. And whatancient humor she unearths!"It seems to me sometimes that funerals are better thanweddings. When we go to funerals, we know what has hap- pened; but when we go to weddings, we don't even pretendto know what is going to happen.""A spiritd story," says the Macmillans. It is about as spir- ited as the worms who wait on customers at their saintlysanctums on the Avenue. Technique it has, but a techniqueas academic and cold as a dead fish. From The Mirror, St. Louis APROPOS the "Encyclopedia Brittanica" swindle, it isworthy of note that the advertising of the "handy" set isiplaced by its publishers and not by the Sears, Roebuck Com- pany of Chicago. It is the publishe«s, not the distributors,who are for violation of the guarantee that theprice of the publication would be raised after the filling ofthe advance orders. The cheaper edition robs the purchasersof the first edition of the 60 per cent, difference between theoriginal and later prices. Subscribers to the edition shouldrefuse to complete their time payments otherwise than on thebasis of the lesser price for the handy edition. Failure? —Diamond Crisp. CO much was asked of meThat, in striving to forget,My Heart was crushed.So much was asked of meIn striving to raise my eyesMy lids have drooped.So much ivas asked of meMy Soul could no longer strive;In the dust I lay. In a Modern Art Gallery Guido Bruno. AID out on a table draped with heavy black velvet, in aroom without windows and with staring, orange-coloredtapestry, was the pale body.The room had no windows, the air was thick and heavy likethat in the Martyr Chamber of the Venetian palace, sixty feetbelow the ground.The lifeless eyes of the corpse were opalescent. They shonein the darkness like badly cut opals on the velvet of apicturesque Mexican.The orange of the walls seemed glaring and the black vel- vet under the carcass, fascinating like the preachment of thefifth Buddha, who is not born yet.The orange of the walls was dazzling like the hungry eyesof the stray hyenas. The beasts smelt the nearness of thedead. They wanted to feast on his flesh, they wanted tocrunch his bones.There was no light. There was no love. There was nobeauty.There was black. There was orange. There was hunger. Gleanings From Jean Paul The Enemies of Freedom Crush every league of her friends, destroy every book andevery one who gave it to the world, to show us the risingsun of freedom, and that sun will not be reflected from onemirror alone, but will shine with new lustre in every frag- ment. When the sea is smooth, but one sun shines out fromits breast; but when broken into a thousand waves, it glit- ters with a thousand. To a Rose Bleached by the Sun Pale rose, the sun gave thee thy bloom, and the glowingsun now robs thee of it; thou art like us. When the spirit,which makes the cheek of man to glow, draws nigher andnigher to us, it, too, makes our cheek pale, and we die. Thought and Action Many flowers open to the sun, but one only follows himconstantly. Let thy heart be the sunflower; let it not onlybe open to God/but bow to him, and follow him. Flowers on a Virgin's Bier Strew flowers upon her, ye, her fair friends! Once yebrought flowers to grace her cradle-festivals; now she is cele- brating the greatest of them all, for her bier is the cradle ofheaven." The Last of the War Correspondents Merely an incident in his way of life is this avoiding anaccident by pointing a pistol at a man's heart. The baronknows he will have to be well protected and for the first timehe seeks shelter in Chihuahua from individual assassins.Urquidi takes him to the house of Gonzales de la Garza,who is later to become one of Mexico's presidents for a fewdays' appearanec only. De la Garza is kind and gives theproper refuge." The next day it is Juarez and across the border.Von Kriegelstein is written up in Chicago as he goesthrough. 'Consequently lie must get some kind of a paper, probablyan American passport to get him over to Europe. Well, atany rate we said good bye and although the British cruiserssearched the steamer he was on—well what can one or twoordinary humans do with a man who talks so many languages.But because he was von Kriegelstein I kept thinking ofhim after he had gone. Then came the news of his death,as he should have died facing the Russians whom he hatedand wrote against-. The sun of his profession has set, but thestar of von Kriegelstein is rising. Like most he will be bestknown long after he is dead because he has left his booksto speak for him. To Clara Tice Violet Leigh Q CLARA TICEHow very niceTo think about the rhymesThat one can frameAbout your nameA hundred or more timesO Clara Tice,You rhyme with mice;You should be very glad!I'm sure you'll findIt will remindOf the pet cat you had.O Clara Tice,Your talent's spiceTo Guido Bruno's wit;And, in his sheet,We hope to meet %A great deal more of it. RARE BOOKSFIRST EDITIONSBstra MoatrstoA Baoki. Barljr Printed Books. liiwlati— Hatha, Bool* for Christmas Gift*Pwchuttf nlngly or la acta for pooplo who hart neither tlmo tor oppor&gt;tunltjr to aalact far themaelvea, or for thoao who hare tot accaoa to tlkboat book marts. Why not begin collecting nowfAddress, E, V., Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass. I BUY BOOKSSlag!* volumes, small lots, and libraries; autographletters of knows literary men and artists, drawiafs,pictures and engravings. Address-COLLECTOR," Car* of Bruno's Weekly, 89 Washington Sq. For Houses, Apartments or Rooms, ImPEPE &amp; BRO.SEAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE40 So. Washington SquaroTolophono 4119 Spring Cor. of MacDougal Stroot Being a bookINWH I C Hnue say just nuhat not think. Published every month by Norman-BelGeddes at 756 Second Avenue in Detroit, Michigan« It it a littlebook uniquely illustrated. Write for sample cofy. CHARLES KEELERIN RECITALS OF HIS OWN POEMSTHE VICTORY—Song* of Triumph. Price, one dollarELFIN SONGS OF SUNLAND. Third edition. G. P. Putnam'sSons, New York &amp; London. Price $1.50.SONGS OF A WANDERER. In manuscriptTHE MIRROR OF MANHATTAN. In manuscriptDANCE RYTHMS. In manuscript.Mr. Keeler recites selections from all the above and his variedand unique programs are full of interest and inspiration bothin the text and delivery.In New York and vicinity until June. Now booking dates forCalifornia Tour in June, July and August.For terms and particulars and for copies of his books, addressLAURENCE J. GOMMEThe Littlo Bookshop Around tho Corner2 East 29th Street . New York City Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, SituatedAt No. 10 Fifth Avenue, Greenwich Village, N. Y. CGaMaThis Week's PerformancesThufsdsy, 8:45 p, m. Musleslt v&gt;&gt; - •-Friday, 8:45 p. m. Musical* ».Saturday, 8:45 p. m. MuslcaleSaturday, 8:48 p. in. Mu»l«»leAak or write for ticket of admission to theMusicales. They are free. CIRCULATING LIBRARY OF FRENCH NOVELSEUREKA BOOK SHOP15 Bible HouseAttor Place, Cor. 3rd Ave., New York. Facing Cooper UniomBOOKLOVERS AND COLLECTORS ARE WELCOME There can be no pleasanter place to hearthat remarkable Edison RecordNumber (82536) thanThe Diamond Disc Shopat Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmos-phere of Old Greenwich Village has not beensacrificed on the altar of commercialismA will brief yen, witk •«compliment*, an interesting littlePhont: Stwyrtsant 4570 fciography of Mr. Tko.. A. Edi*«»