The mask 6 2 October 1913 naau_1913-10_01 The mask 6 2 Untitled Image Illustration 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 FRANCESCO ANDREINI. Illustration 4 TO THE BEGGARS AND DESPISED PERSONS. Gordon Craig cre John Semar cre 5-8 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Untitled Image Illustration 8 CUBISM AS OLD AS THE PYRAMIDS. A Note by J. S cre 9-11 CUBISM OLD AS THE PYRAMIDS. No 3330! from C. C. Edgar's, Sculptor's Studies and unfinished works. Catalogue generals du Musèe de Caire. Fritz Endell, 1913. Illustration 10 No 3412 from C. C. Edgar's. Sculptor's Studies Fritz Endell. and unfinished works. Catalogue gènérale du 1913 Musèe de Caire. Illustration 11 A FIFTEENTH CENTURY THEATRE. A Note upon its Architecture Felix Urban cre 13-15; 17-19 Untitled Image Illustration 13 Illustration of a Theatre reproduced from the "Terence" of Trechsel. 1493. Illustration 15 Untitled Image Illustration 19 Perhaps the engraving underneath needs a little 20 Bookplate of William Gable Designed and Engraved by Gordon Craig. Illustration 20 NOTES ON INDIAN DRAMATIC TECHNIQUE Dr Ananda Coomaraswamy cre 21-27; 29; 31-33; 35-40 Untitled Image Illustration 21 Untitled Image Illustration 21 Indian Stencil figure. See page 115. Illustration 27 Indian Stencil figure. See page 115. Illustration 29 The Dancing Lesson. Illustration 33 Symbols of the Hills and of the Seas. The seven mountain ranges and the Seven Rivers. From old Buddhist drawings. Illustration 37 This tale piece, as also the heading on page 109 is from an old Buddhist design. Illustration 40 A HISTORY OF PUPPETS PUPPETS IN SPAIN. "Yorick cre 41-45 Untitled Image Illustration 41 Untitled Image Illustration 44 A VENETIAN MARIONETTE. One of the figures of the marionette theatre taken to her new home by Loredana Grimani on her marriage with Francesco Morosini, in Venice. 1772. And now in the Museo Correr in that city. Illustration 45 THE PRE-SHAKESPEAREAN STAGE, SOME FACTS ABOUT IT, With Comments and Notes FOREWORD. John cre 47; 58 Untitled Image Illustration 47 Untitled Image Illustration 58 SOME EVENTS OF THE SIXTEENTH CENTURY. 47-58 Untitled Image Illustration 58 Untitled Text 47 Untitled Text 48 Untitled Text 49 Untitled Text 50 Untitled Text 51 Untitled Text 52 Untitled Text 53 Untitled Text 54 Untitled Text 55 Untitled Text 56 Untitled Text 57 Untitled Text 58 THE MEN BEFORE SHAKESPEARE. 59-65 Untitled Image Illustration 59 Untitled Image Illustration 65 BIOGRAPHICAL NOTES. 65-69; 71-72 Masked Actors, Coviello and a Sicilian, from "[Illegible] Carnevale Italiano mascherato" of Francesco Bertelli, Venice, about 1600. Illustration 69 Untitled Image Illustration 71 Untitled Image Illustration 72 SIENA, THE CITY OF DRAMA Ernest Marriott cre 73-75 Untitled Image Illustration 73 Untitled Image Illustration 74 THE CITY OF SIENA. From an old Print. Illustration 75 SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS Gordon Craig cre 77-82 Untitled Image Illustration 82 BOOK REVIEWS. 83-89 Untitled Image Illustration 83 THE NEW TENDENCY IN ART by Henry R. Poore. Doubleday, Page &amp; Co. New York. M. S. C cre 83 FORGED EGYPTIAN ANTIQUITIES by T. G. Wakeling. A. and C. Black. Price five shillings net. E. W cre 83-84 EVERY MAN HIS OWN 84 SHAKESPEARE'S "HAMLET", a new commentary by Wilbrahm Fitz-John Trench. M. A. Smith Elder. Price six shillings net. J. N cre 84-85 YANKEE FANTASIES by Percy Mackaye. Duffield. New York. Price one dollar and twenty five cents net. E. M cre 85-86 SHAKESPEARE IN THE THEATRE, by William Poel. Sidgwick and Jackson. Price three shillings and sixpence net. L. C cre 86-87 THE INDIAN THEATRE by E. P. Horrwiiz. Blackie and Son, Ltd. Price two shillings and sixpence. P. R cre 87 A CENTURY OF FAMOUS ACTRESSES by Harold Simpson and Mrs Charles Braun. Mills and Boon. Price ten shillings and sixpence net. N. L cre 87-88 PEERESSES OF THE STAGE, by Cranstoun Metcalfe. Melrose. Price seven shillings and six-pence net. N. L cre 88-89 BURBAGE, AND SHAKESPEARE'S STAGE by Mrs C. C. Stopes. De La More Press. Price five shillings net. P. R cre 89 Untitled Image Illustration 89 FOREIGN NOTES. 90-93 Untitled Image Illustration 90 FLORENCE. 90-91 The Gordon Craig School. J. B cre 90 An Enlargement of the School. J. B cre 90 The Cinematograph. E. E cre 90-91 MOSCOW. 91-92 The New "Théâtre Libre." V. N cre 91-92 WARSAW. 92-93 A Theatre Art Exhibition. E. M cre 92-93 BUDAPEST. 93 Another Exhibition. M. S. C cre 93 ZURICH. 93 Yet Another Exhibition. M. S. C cre 93 Untitled Image Illustration 93 EDITORIAL NOTES. 94-98 Untitled Image Illustration 94 Mr POEL, PAST AND PRESENT. 94-95 THE"IMPRINT" &amp;44 " 95-96 THE DEATH OF PEL/SSIER. 96 BRAVO, "REFEREE"! 97 £&gt; A NEW SCENIC ART.&amp; 97 TWO MORE NEW GERMAN 97-98 ERRATA. J. S cre 98 Untitled Image Illustration 98 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 99 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 99 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 100 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 101 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 101 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 102 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 102 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 102 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 102 jjjfil &amp;W. t tgk t TuXj £ .jf-iv m VT tw A.i Volume Six. Number Two OCTOBER» 9 i 3 ARENA QOLDONIFLORENCEITALYYEARLY SUBSCRIPTION FIFTEEN SHILLINGS. &amp; SINGLE COPY PRICE FOUR SHILLINGS NET. &amp;TRADE AGENTS.SIMP K I N, MARSHALL, HAMILTON, KENT &amp; CO. LO NOON. THE MASK. OCTOBER 1913- "jphe Editor will be glad to consider MSS relative to the Art and History of theTheatre, but would point out that he can only make use of articles written bysuch as have a real knowledge of the subjects treated. £? &amp;AH possible care will be taken, but he cannot hold himself responsible for theaccidental loss of MSS. These must in every case be accompanied by a stamped andaddressed envelope as otherwise they cannot be returned.Communications should be addressed to the Arena Goldoni. Florence. Italy. THE MASK.October 1913. TO THE BEGGARS AND DESPISED PERSONS. TO THE BEGGARS AND DESPISED PERSONS. TO THE BEGGARS AND DESPISED PERSONS. CUBISM AS OLD AS THE PYRAMIDS. A FIFTEENTH CENTURY THEATRE. A FIFTEENTH CENTURY THEATRE. A FIFTEENTH CENTUR V THE A TRE. A FIFTEENTH CENTUR THE A TRE. INDIAN DRAMATIC TECHNIQUE INDIAN DRAMATIC TECHNIQUE INDIAN DRAMATIC TECHNIQUE INDIAN DRAMATIC TECHNIQUE INDIAN DRAMATIC TECHNIQUE INDIAN DRAMATIC TECHNIQUE INDIAN DRAMATIC TECHNIQUE INDIAN DRAMATIC TECHNIQUE INDIAN DRAMATIC TECHNIQUE INDIAN DRAMATIC TECHNIQUE INDIAN DRAMATIC TECHNIQUE INDIAN DRAMATIC TECHNIQUE A fi/STORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. THE P RE-S HA KESPEA RE AN STAGE. THE P RE'S HA KESPEA RE A N STAGE. THE PRE-SHA RES PEA RE AN STAGE. THE PRE-SHAKESPEAREAN STAGE. THE P RE-SHAKESPEARE AN STAGE. THE P RES HA RES PEA RE A N STAGE. THE PRE-SHAKFSPE ARE AN STAGE. THE P RE-SHAKESPEARE AN STAGE. THE PRE-SHARESPEAREAN STAGE. THE PRE-SHAKESPEAREAN STAGE. THE F RE-SHAKESPEARE AN STAGE, THE PRE-SHAKESPEAREAN STAGE. THE P RES HA RES PEA RE A N STAGE. THE P RE-S HA KESPEA RE A M STAGE. THE P RE-S HA KESPEA RE A N STAGE. THE PRE-SHAKESPEAREAN STAGE THE P RE-S HA RES PEA RE AN STAGE. THE PRE-SHAKESPEAREAN STAGE. THE P RES HA RE PEA RE A N STAGE. THE PRE-SHARESPEAREAN STAGE. THE PRE-SHAKESPEAREAN STAGE. THE PRE-S HA KESPEA RE AN STAGE. SIENA THE CITY OF DRAMA SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS. SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS. SHAKESPEARE'S . SHAKESPEARE'S PLA VS. SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS. BOOK RE VI EW BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS: BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. FOREIGN . FOREIGN NOTES. FOREIGN NOTES. EDITORIAL NOTES. EDITORIAL NOTES. EDITORIAL NOTES- EDITORIAL NOTES. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Gerente Responsabile GIULIO VANZI ANNOUNCEMENTS; FROM " THE MASK PRESS »ARENA GOL DO NI. FLORENCE, ITALY,—,— : •&amp; &amp; THE MASK. VOLUME SIX. &amp; &amp;fj£\ the sixth Volume, which began with the July number, ThreeVwft/y Editions are published, and the yearly subscriptions, post free,t0 t*iese Editions are respectively as follows.||iy&amp;| Popular Edition. . . . Shillings 15. Dollars 4.00Paper Edition (200 copies.) ~ 20. „ 5.00" Edition de Luxe. (15 copies.) „ 65, „ 16.0 C| THE MASK. 1908... 1909... 1910... 1911... 191a... 1913....I &amp; A certain number of complete sets of Volumes 1, 2, 3, 4 &amp; 5.Ipsslspsf still remain, and," bound in vellum, may be obtained from thisII .R office, price eight guineas, (dollars 38) a set. &amp; 0A FEW EXTRA Vol. 4. shillings 25 dollars 6.50 eachSETS OF Vol. 5. „ , j 20 ~ „ 5.50 „Volume 5, Large Paper Ed, (vellum bound,) shillings 25,- dollars 6.50.Orders and Subscriptions way be sent direct toTHE MASK O ffi ce s, Arena , Florence, 11 aor "The Society of the Theatre." 7, John St, Adelphi, London. Tel: 1601 Regent SOME OPINION S\ ON "THE MASK"II " There is not a page in it which is not interestingII "and stimulating in a fine way".i-IKite,oi --"m :,.ys ; t| f 'v - \ 'J["f: &gt;JL" 7he Mask " always contains something worth reading," and often something worth keepingPall Mall Gazette." A quite remarkable rich in intel-I ligence. "IB II I | 111 11 II l||| Westminster Gazette."A very amusing and stimulating, as well as a most" beautiful, magazine ."The Daily Telegraph.————l^———^—yvv _&lt;il Mlii ffjf- |T ■' rW~IjL&lt;W" l'i^OMrTftWWWlWy,^^&gt;a* SWi - A N I D E A &amp;IS A RARE THING.44 THE MASK" started in FLORENCE, [does not existfor its own sake.44 THE MASK "has already lived for six years for AN IDEA.I THE SCHOOL FOR THE ART OF THE THEATRE,started In FLORENCE, was brought into being for the sakeof the same IDEA.THE SCHOOL and " THE MA SK " work together forthis one IDEATOWARDS A NEW THEATRE.THE SOCIETY OF THE THEATR E, started In J IILONDON, moves with 4« THE MASK" and THE SCHOOLtowards the same GOAL.WE CAN TAKE CARE OF " THE MASK" &amp; THE SCHOOL.YOUR RESPONSIBILITY IS THE SOCIETY OF THE THEA TRE&amp; JOIN IT! &amp;WE WANT A MILLION MEMBERS.Year!} Subscription One Shilling.Apply Personally or by Letter to the Secretary of the Society,LONDON OFFICES: 7 JOHN STREET, ADELPHI.L Office Hours between 10 a. m. and Ip. m.Telephone 1601 Regent. Printed for foe Proprietor by Tipografia R. Lastriicei, Via die Serragii, 104 Floreace and published at The Office of 44 The Mask " Arena Goldoni LITERARY CONTENTS. TO THE BEGGARS AND DESPISED PERSONS . Gordon Craig John Semar. 93CUBISM AS OLD AS THE PYRAMIDS. A note by . J. S. . . . . -97A FIFTEENTH CENTURY THEATRE . . . Felix Urban . . . .101NOTES ON INDIAN DRAMATIC TECHIQUE . . Dr A. Coomaraswamy . . 109A HISTORY OF PUPPETS, (Continued) . . " Yorick ". (P. Ferrigni) . 129THE PRE-SHAKESPEAREAN STAGE . . . John Semar . . . .135SIENA, THE CITY OF DRAMA .... Ernest Marriott . . .159SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS Gordon Craig . . . .163BOOK REVIEWS. jZ&gt; FOREIGN NOTES. &amp; EDITORIAL NOTES. ILLUSTRATIONS. FRANCESCO ANDREINI, (Frontispiece)CUBISM AS OLD AS THE PYRAMIDS. . . . Fritz Endell . . . 98,99AN EARLY THEATRE, 1493. From the ..." Terence *' of Trechsel . 103EX LIBRIS OF WILLIAM GABLE Gordon Craig ... 108INDIAN STENCIL FIGURES Anon .... 116, 118THE DANCING LESSON. Drawn from a photo- graph by G. Nelson .... 121SYMBOLS OF THE HILLS AND THE SEAS. . Old Buddhist Design . .125A VENETIAN MARIONETTE. Drawn from aphotograph by B. Meninsky ... 133MASKED ACTORS, 1600 F. Bertelli. . . Face 156TRISTANO MARTINELLI, 1600 Anon . . . . . 157THE CITY OF SIENA Old Italian Design . . 161HEAD AND TALE PIECES AND INITIAL LETTERS by Gordon Craig, George Borrow,and from old English, Italian and Buddhist Designs. FRANCESCO ANDREINI. TO THE BEGGARS AND DESPISED PERSONS. Gordon Craig. John Semar. Qightly or wrongly people count very greatly upon first appearances*&amp; The first night of a play seems to be the great night; a firstedition of a book is a valuable thing; just as first teeth are the delightof parents and so forth. •&amp;1 believe it is of value that one should be first in the field, and tothose who feel this perhaps it Is not immodest for me to point out thatthe articles and designs in this number have for the most part neverbeen seen before in any English book or publication,jg? How many times have we been bored to death by seeing the complacentface of David Garrick smiling at us as a frontispiece ; but never beforehave we seen the virile face of the great Italian actorFRANCESCO ANDREINI.How many times have we seen pictures of some eighth=rate Harlequinwho never learned his business, but who has been depicted gloriously.skipping across the stage like a piece of thistledown. But here for thefirst time is shown almost the first, and certainly the greatest Harlequin;and you will not notice much sweet grace about him, ...which givesfood for thought. £?How many times have we seen pictures of the Globe Theatre, Bankside,till we have fallen to sleep imagining our heads upon the soft thatch ;but not till now have we seen in any English publication the engraving:of the fifteenth century theatre on page 103; neither will you have seenthe two examples of the earliest Cubism known upon pages 98 and 99:Nor the masked actors facing page 156; no, nor the stencilled figures onpages lis and H7 which go to illustrate Dr Coomaraswamy's Notes onIndian Dramatic Technique. £? £? And why have you not seen these before ? These things have beenwaiting for centuries before. They are not new, cheap and up=&gt;to°datesketches but old and priceless things which should have been brought tothe English public long ago. That we cannot put two to three hundred ofthem into this single number of The Mask is only owing to the APATHYof those English who, while saying they are eager for the advance oftheir country even in matters of knowledge and taste, and while quitecapable of helping the English people to become acquainted with thesethings, owing to the amount of spare money which they possess, andwhiie regretting that there is not more interest shown in such matters;continue perversely to refuse encouragement to those few groups of wideawake men in all branches of endeavour, who are willing to do their partif only these rich Englishmen wiii do theirs. JZ?I repeat, the only reason that you do not get in this number twohundred engravings of enormous interest and value to you as studentsis because these men who might pay for the cliches to be made andfor ink to print the blocks with and the paper on which to print them,(for we do not ask them to pay for more than that,) are lounging about inLondon with their hands in their pockets and moaning out, ** Nobody isinterested in these things nowadays ". Institutions already establishedthey will support (I am told, grudgingly), but Individuals and IndividualIdeas they mistrust. &amp;Again, the reason why The Mask is obliged to use the type that isused in this number is because out of all those rich men whose interesthas been stimulated by the great advance that printing has made in thelast twenty or thirty years in England, there is not one to be found whowill put his hand in his pocket in order to give us sufficient type of afine English character with which to print our journal.&amp; When we commenced our work this was the only type we couldfind, and, having bought our bed we are obliged to lie on it. JZ?A grand lot of practical enthusiasm one finds in London nowadays,...eh, what?&amp; Would you believe it, gentlemen, would you believe it, beggars anddespised persons, (who, beside our few noble subscribers, I take to beth~ ones with sufficient money to buy The Mask), would you believe it, gentlemen, that I have for the sake of my School and this journalgone with begging hands and stood in front of these people and begged,and begged and BEGGED, not for bread or for clothing, but for type,paper, masks for my actors, tools for my workmen... for theatres andthose other things which we need so as to go on with our work, andthey have actually refused me all of these time after time. JZ?Of course you and I are supposed by the outsiders to be loafers,and forgetful of the practical side of life, whereas, bless their boots.,you and I are running all over the place looking for the materials ofour trade. jZ? jz? gg? jg?" Por Begghars " ! Mr. Craig leaves off, let me as Editor proceed. &amp;And for whose sake do these workers work ?.... jgrFor their king's and their country's. &amp;■&amp; It is said that a prophet is not without honour save in his owncountry. jSf jg? I do not know if this be true... but certainly many good workerswho know what they are about... whether like Dunne who makes thebest aeroplanes, or like Henry Wilson who builds the best churches andhouses, or like Cooper who makes the best silver=ware, or like Masonthe Printer, QUI the Sculptor, Pryde the Painter, Epstein, Rothenstein,*Poel, Martin Shaw, Clunn Lewis, Ferguson, Waiter Crane, Ellen Terry,Batsford the Publisher, and a host of other first=class \vork=men andwomen whose work is an honour to England... are without the onehonour they ask for and should receive.,, the honour of being permittedcontinually to work for their country.&amp; Let me take the case of Walter Crane by itself. &amp;&amp; Here is a man who has given us as children the most perfect examplesof children's books imaginable... who has taught every one of us, andwhose work is today seldom seen sS? jg?&amp; This is scandalous. &amp;Again, take the case of Ellen Terry. She has helped to make theEngland of the 19th Century. Where is her Theatre ? Why have you not seen to It that you provided yourselves with a Theatre for her mostprecious gifts ?how many first=class publishers do you support, so that when wewant first=class books printed we can call on...say Batsford, or Heinemann,to print them ! Do you endow these Individuals ?... for it is preposterousto call such men " Firms You practically kill Cody, and smirk overhis poor remains. You " support " Scott so badly that he falls. Youdecorate Roberts, and refuse to do as he with his ripe wisdom advises.jg, And all this seems to be so that you may have lots of time tosquabble over Party Politics and play with Crystal Palaces. &amp; &amp;** Por Begghars 1 CUBISM AS OLD AS THE PYRAMIDS. A Note by J. S. CUBISM OLD AS THE PYRAMIDS.No 3330! from C. C. Edgar's, Sculptor's Studies and unfinished works. Catalogue generals du Musèe de Caire.Fritz Endell, 1913. No 3412 from C. C. Edgar's. Sculptor's Studies Fritz Endell.and unfinished works. Catalogue gènérale du 1913Musèe de Caire. Jn our last number we gave a series of illustrations as proof that theCubists, who claim to be the newest of the new, the " dernier cr! "in sculpture and painting, are not really new at all; that they are merelythe conceited and disorderly followers of a great master who, four hun- dred years ago, knew all the secrets which they profess to have discovered.&amp; This master was the German, Albert Durer, and was himself followingin the steps of an Italian. ■£?Now a German, Mr Fritz Endell, comes forward to point out thatDurer was but a follower, long long after, of a method infinitely ancient,and sends us the two accompanying drawings to demonstrate that Cubismis " as old as the pyramids ".&amp; This is very interesting, although not at all surprising, since we areall the time receiving fresh proofs that the new discoveries, over whichwe become so excited today, were no secrets to the civilizations of theearly w0r1d,... those civilizations which the spade of the excavator andthe study of the archeologist reveal year by year as ever more scientificand more superb. &amp;&amp; Therefore it is, as we say, not surprising that we should find thatthis principle of Cubism, over which a certain group has cackled asexcitedly as a hen over a new-laid egg, was very well known to artists,not merely some hundreds, but some thousands of years ago. &amp;£? But let us not forget that it was known with this supreme difference:...that as Durer used his method only as a means to an end, doing hisbest, as Mr Urban wrote in July, " to hide all art by being too much of anartist to show how he was doing the thing ", so did the artists of thoseremote times allow no evidence of effort, no desire to show how "clever"they were, to detract from the superb calm of their finished works. &amp;The modern Cubists would do well to remember a little verse byMr William Watson :" No record art keepsOf its struggles and throesThere is toll on the steeps,On the summit repose. " JS? But then the modern Cubist isnever seen in repose on the sum=mit: he prefers to invite us tobehold him sweating and strugglingon the steeps; to show us justwhere and how he sets each foot inhis progress. He and his companionschatter like pies of their system andtheir science; they are the childrenof pretention and conceitandthey think that no one ever knewsuch things as they know since theworld began. JS?While all the time the greatmasters, who knew It all and usedall of It which was worth using,repose sublimely on the summit;they ask no one to watch their ef- forts, but only to share the hap- piness of their finished work. It is,in fact, only the modern faddist whogoes struggling up before our eyes,like a second Sisyphus,... bearing,instead of the " shameless stone ",a cube upon his back. &amp; A FIFTEENTH CENTURY THEATRE. A Noteupon its Architecture by Felix Urban. Illustration of a Theatre reproduced from the "Terence" of Trechsel. 1493. Ithough to change the bliss of ignorance forknowledge may not be folly, it is certainly apt tobe disconcerting, for a little knowledge has sodrastic away of dwarfing, if not destroying, one'sprevious pleasant little standards and beliefs, andit is rather sad to have to realize that after allthe great Globe, that theatre of the Century aboutwhich such innumerable books have been written, was, in reality, nothing but a makeshift,...was but the English excusefor not being able to afford a real theatre,...a theatre worthy of the name.JZ/ Yet when we come to look outside of England, to see what othercountries at that period were doing in the way of theatre building, wehave to realize, unpalatable as the fact may be, that, compared with thetheatres of other nations, a makeshift is all that it was, and that, exactlya hundred years previous to the building of the Globe, we have a recordof a most sumptuous theatre, probably in France or Italy, compared withwhich the Globe must take a very minor place.M. Bapst in his essay " Sur J'Histoire du Theatre " shows us a fineengraving of this theatre printed in the year 1493, which reveals quitea number of interesting facts. The engraving is taken from the ''Terence"of Trechsel, and this is what M. Bapst has to say about it:" The custom of reserving a place for the Municipality was generalat the period of the Mystery Plays, that is to say, at the end of thefifteenth and the beginning of the sixteenth century.&amp; ** We find the proof of this in the frontispiece of the " Terence " ofTrechsel, representing a theatre. The stage is there, as in our days,flanked by boxes between columns, and above the box which we shouldtoday call the " avant=sc6ne " is to be read the Inscription " Edlles ":To the side are the stages or galleries for the rich spectators; they arecontinued all round the circumference of the theatre; below is thegeneral public." The custom of placing near the stage, at the side of the auditorium,the box for the sovereign or for the authorities presiding at the pertor- tnance, already existed in the middle ages, at all events in the east ofFrance and in Germany. In the interior of France the custom must havebeen different; we shall see later on that the personage who presidedat the performance of the Mysteries in these parts was installed in themiddle of the amphitheatre, that is to say, in the position in which theroyal box is today placed in the Italian theatres. JZ&gt; JZ/ &amp;" The "Terence" engraving also shows that in 1493 the most importantMysteries were performed in a real theatre with a real auditorium, con=structed in timber for the occasion. " &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;M. Bapst then quotes a note in this same engraving by M. EdmondLe Blanc, a member of the Institute, who states that " On the groundfloor of the theatre represented in the " Terence" engraving &lt;of 1493 isseen a series of chambers above which Is Inscribed the word "Fornices".These chambers were nothing else than the- haunts of the courtesans,who gave themselves up, in the neighbourhood of the ancient theatres,to prostitution. The couples represented in the engraving with whichwe are occupied do not, moreover, leave in their attitude any doubt asto the nature of the converse which they are carrying on. " JZ? J&amp;JZ? And now let us have a look at the print. It may even tell us morethan M. Bapst tells u5,... I mean that perhaps it will bear looking intoa little more thoroughly. *zt jZ? jzs jZ? &amp;Let us for the moment consider the shape of the "front of the house",as it is called, the auditorium, and after that let us go on to the stage.■£? The Auditorium. This curious and very interesting woodcut fromthe " Terence " shows us the outside of the Theatre and the inside. Tojudge from the picture we are to believe it was a vast building of twostoreys, the first storey being at least 30 feet high, and the second storeyabout 35 to 40 feet. That would make the whole building 70 feet. £?Now this is an enormous building, and although we need not entirelygive up hope that in the 15th century they took the trouble to erectlarge sized houses for the drama, still, we need not exaggerate the sizeinto 70 feet. JZ? JZ? looking at the woodcut again, I think we shall have to arrive atthis conclusion:... that the building had outside walls of about 30 feethigh, and that it had some kind of dome which raised it another 10 feet. I think the woodcut shows us both the outside and the inside and thatthe upper part of the picture is a repetition of the lower part withthe walls taken away.£&gt; These wails, of course, are removed by the wood engraver in orderto show us what a part of the building looked like inside and when fullof people, and, here again, we must not imagine that the people sat onlyon one side of the Theatre, or that they were arranged as here shown,like silver plate on a side-board. The artist had the impertinence to re- move two or three walls in order that we might get just a glimpse ofthe remaining wall with its crowded audience, of a couple of boxes anda portion of the stage. JZ?&amp; But whilst removing these two walls* he has left sufficient to showus the construction of the building, lie has left the pillars, though notail the pillars. He has left one but shifted the two. Let us in our imagination put back the one and replace the two. Todo that we must replace the central pillar in the picture further to theright, until it is in the position indicated by the arrow No. 2. Now insertthe missing pillar in the place Indicated by the arrow N. 1... You will findthat the artist has left the remnants of a capital for each pillar. I be- lieve that to be intentional, and that it Is to indicate the spaces wherethe pillars actually supported the roof. &amp;Doing this, you get nearer the actual construction of the building sofar as its pillars are concerned, but had the artist done so, he wouldhave blocked out and made difficult of comprehension two importantfacts which he wanted to record,... that is to say, the relationship ofthe two side boxes which are called " proscenium boxes " to the stage,and we should have been uncertain as to whether the galleries, in whichthe better people sat, were straight or curved. &amp;We now find that they are straight, and I believe that the pictureindicates quite clearly that there are five sides, each side with as manypeople as we see in the one side shown by the engraver. I should havebeen inclined to think that the building was a square one if the artistIn the lower part of his engraving had shown us only two sides of thetheatre, but he shows us three sides, which seems to contradict sucha supposition. &amp; in the engraving the artist shows us the position where the boxesare placed, each having a smaller box above it. These, as you see, arenearest to the stage: he also shows us the positions of the galleries,and the place where the President of the representation of the Mysteriessat, who was something like the Chairman of the old English Music halisof the Sixties.jZ? It is quite obvious that you entered the galleries by means of stair- cases even as you do nowadays, and that you went into the pit withouthaving to go up or down any stairs.£&gt; Whether the last gallery of the three shown in the illustration washeld up by pillars, it is difficult to say, but it is quite probable that thisis the case. M. Bapst tells us that these galleries were for the wealthyspectators. I think in all probability the last gallery was for the wealthyones, the second gallery for the middle classes, and the top "gallery forthe populace. 0? 0 0 0 0? 0? 0 0In " Designs and Plans for a Theatre in 1560 " Sebastian Serlio ex- plains that this was the order of rank:... the better class lower down,the lower class higher up, and, Judging from the modern building, wecan very safely suppose that as the worst point of view is from above,and the cheapest places above, the same will apply to this theatre of1493. (See Mask, Vol. I. P. 14.) 0? 0? &amp; 0(0 It looks as if from six to seven hundred people could be seated inthe galleries alone, and probably another hundred could be seated onthe floor, leaving room for about two hundred to stand in what is knownas the Pit. 0 0? 0? 0? 0? 0? 0? 0The one obvious thing that this picture shows us is that the specta- tors are well dressed ; there are no peasants in the picture* though pro- bably a dead=head or two. 0? 0? 0/ 0? 0? 00 What a pity that such a theatre is never come across nowadays! But,because there are no splendid old theatres left of those earlier times,there is no reason for us to jump to the conclusion that everything waspoor and uncomfortable, as De Witt would seem to indicate in his sketch," The Interior of the Swan Theatre in England. " 0 00 The Swan Theatre was built a year after the Globe, so they say, andthat is 101 years after this engraving of the Terence Theatre. &amp; Such a theatre as is shown in our engraving may have seen the earliestperformances of Machiavelli's dramas. In such a theatre the first come- dies by Beolco may have been heard. But, whatever was acted inthem, there seems to be no doubt at all that the places were extreme- ly handsome, comfortable, more like palaces than barns. j2&gt;The Globe Theatre and the Swan are too much like barns. The wholething Is too suggestive of a cheap way of getting out of responsibility- " Any old thing will do for the Drama," is what the Englishman seemsto have said in those days even as lie says now. Then the Theatrehad the atmosphere of a barn,...nowadays It has the atmosphere a gin- palace. And, you English merchants, perhaps a visit to Germany wouldnot even now be too late to be useful; for they try to build fairly sinceretheatres over there. £?Or, better still, why not consult your own English School for the Artof the Theatre, established in Florence, before building your nextPlayhouse Bookplate of William Gable Designedand Engraved by Gordon Craig. Perhaps the engraving underneath needs a littleexplanation. It is for use as a Bookplate, andrepresents a Bookworm. An actual Bookworm manytimes enlarged. It is seen to be struggling throughits Earth..., a book, and stretching towards itsSun.., our sun. Beauty it has not, even whencompared with the Ant or the Crab, butconsidering its association with theliterature of the last two thousandyears it makes a brave show.Poor little beast ! NOTES ON INDIAN DRAMATIC TECHNIQUE by Dr Ananda Coomaraswamy. Indian Stencil figure. See page 115. Indian Stencil figure. See page 115. The Dancing Lesson. Symbols of the Hills and of the Seas. The seven mountain ranges and the Seven Rivers. From old Buddhistdrawings. This tale piece, as also the heading on page 109 is froman old Buddhist design. It is held that India was the first home of the pup=pet=play. What the late Professor Pischel elucidated soclearly in his address to the Kdnigliche vereinigteFrledrichs Universitat at Halle-Wittenberg in 1900,(from which address we shall presently quote) hasbeen summarised also by Gordon Craig, In that best andmost moving of all his essays, " The Actor and the Ueber^Marionette(i) jz? &amp; j&amp;" In Asia lay his first kingdom. On the hanks of the Ganges they built" him his home, a vast palace springing from column to column into the" air and pouring from column to column down again into the water.. .«* Something they were making which should become him, something to" honour the spirit which had given him birth. And then, one day, theceremony."In this ceremony he took part; a celebration once more in praise"of the Creation; the old thanksgiving, the hurrah for existence, and" with it the sterner hurrah for the privilege for the existence to come," which is veiled by the word Death. And during this ceremony there" appeared before the eyes of the brown worshippers the symbols of all*( things on earth and in Nirvana. The symbol of the beautiful tree, the" symbol of the hills, the symbols of those rich ores which the hills con- " tained ; the symbol of the cloud, of the wind, and of all swift-moving 44 things ; the symbol of the quickest of moving things, of thought, of44 remembrance ; the symbol of the animal, the symbol of Buddha and of44 man .. . and here he comes, the figure, the puppet at whom you all44 laugh so much. You laugh at him today because none but his weaknesses44 are left to him. He reflects these from you ; but you would not have44 laughed had you seen him in his prime, In that age when he was called44 upon to be the symbol of man in that great ceremony, and, stepping44 forward, was the beautiful symbol of our heart's delight. " &amp;It may be helpful for us, then, to enquire about the doings of theIndian puppet in his own home, in past and present times.4'ln ancient India", says Professor Pischel, (i) "puppets were made outof wool, wood, buffalo°&gt;horn, and Ivory, and these playthings were quiteas popular long ago with the girls of that country as they are with ourgirls at the present day... Puppets might even become dangerous rivalsto deities. A legend runs that Parvatl, wife of the god Siva, made herselfsuch a beautiful doll, that she thought It necessary to conceal it from theeyes of her husband. She carried it far away to the Malaya mountain, butvisited it every day, that she might adorn it. Siva, rendered suspicious byher long absence, stole after her, saw the doll, fell In love with it, andgave it life. There is also an early mention of puppets worked by machinery.We read in the Kathasaritsagara, the great collection of tales by theKashmiri Somadeva, that Somaprabha, the daughter of the Asura Maya,a celebrated mechanician, brought as a present to her friend PrincessKalingasena a basket of mechanical wooden puppets, constructed by herfather. There was a wooden peg in each of the puppets, and when thiswas touched, one of them flew through the air. fetched a wreath, andreturned when ordered; another, when desired, brought water in the sameway ; a third danced, and a fourth carried on conversation. This delightedKalingasena so much that she neglected her meals in order to play withthem ... Talking puppets were also introduced on the stage. In this casethey were not, as a rule, worked by internal mechanism, but by meansof a thread (sntra), manipulated by the puppet player... An allusion tosuch puppets, moved by threads, is found as far back as the Mahabharata.In this work men are compared to puppets, inasmuch as they have no will of their &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&lt;&amp;■£&gt;&amp; In the fifth act of his Baiaramayana, Rajasekhara, who flourished earlyin the tenth century, introduces two jointed puppets constructed by themechanic Visarada, the best pupil of the Asura Maya, of whom mentionhas already been made. One of the puppets represented Sita, who wascarried off by the demon Ravana, the other her foster-sister Sindurika.A starling that could speak Prakrit fluently, even in verse, was placedin the mouth of the puppet representing Sita; while the puppet-player,who appeared as the demon,spoke in Sanskrit and Prakrit for the otherpuppet, which took the leading part... It is the only passage in the wholeof Indian literature where puppets appear on the stage In a Sanskritdrama, and what is still more important, we learn from it the name forpuppet=pla&gt;er in the tenth century. He is called sutradhara, " thread- holder ", which corresponds to the epithet " attached tothreads ", applied to puppets in the Mahabharata. And sutradhar is stillthe name for a puppet-player in India at the present day... j£f" The stage manager (in fully developed Indian drama) is called, asin the puppet-play, sutradhara, " thread-holder ". From this fact, as earlyas 1879, a native scholar of European education, Shankar PandurangPandit by name, drew the reasonable conclusion that performances bypuppets and paper figures must have preceded those by human beingsThere was also a second manager, called sthapaka, the setter up.Except in this connection, this word is applied only to the priest whohad to set up the images of the gods, when they were solemnly conse- crated. On the stage the sthaphaka was originally the setter up of thepuppets.The ancients were accustomed to make life size dolls in precious me- tals, especially gold. 1 cannot imagine how grand and beautiful must havebeen the golden image of Sita, taking her place in her absence ; withoutit, Rama would not and could not perform any sacred rite, for the Hindushold that such rites were ordained in the Vedas to be performed by thehusband together with the wife. &amp; &amp;We shall note a few other references to old Indian puppet plays andother mechanical performances. There is an Interesting mention of dan- cing puppets in the Katha Kosa: &amp; " In the meanwhile the joyful occasion was being celebrated by KingSundara with a dance of marionettes; a puppet was dancing there on abamboo. At this moment a wandering hermit came flying through theair. He improved the occasion in these words : *  King, look at the pup.pet-show in your Inner self: why do you gaze on an external puppetshow? For this continuance of yours is the stage; your name is thebamboo ; the four migrations of the soul are the four puppets; the foursins are the pegs, being anger, pride, delusion, and avarice ; the eightactions are the drums; human forms are the attendants that tire thepuppets ; this intelligence is the master of the puppet-show : " (i)We catch a glimpse of a thirteenth century religious puppet show inCeylon from the following description of the decoration of a Buddhisttemple on the occasion of a great festival:&amp; *  Afterwards he (the king) ornamented the temple with many paintedarches round the circuit of the temple wall, of great size and beauty,...arches that regarded contemptuously the beautiful bow of the chief ofthe gods; with white parasols that looked like the moon in her fullestsplendour, and beautiful flags of five colours and divfers shapes, like beau- tiful dancers dancing in the firmament of heaven ; with rows of splendidhalls glittering with jewels, like rows of beautiful mansions come downfrom the world of the gods; with numerous images of Brahma dancingin with parasols in their hands, that were moved by instruments; withmoving images of gods of divers form that went to and fro with theirjoined hands raised in adoration ; with moving figures of horses prancinghither and thither with the beauty of waves rising and falling, one afterthe other, in the great sea ; with moving likenesses of great elephants,clothed in their proper trappings, making men doubt if they were notrainy clouds come down to earth :... with these and divers other showsof this kind which delight the world, and are used at feasts, did he makethe temple exceedingly attractive ". (t And the lord of the land held a feastin honour of Buddha, to which ail men were drawn by the sweet songsof singers and the dances of many dancers as they danced in divers cha- racters on the excellent stages that were raised here and there! " (Maha- wansa, ch. LXXXV). zZ? Another puppet-show, much more modern, has been described for mefrom Siam by P. C. Jinavaravamsa Unnanse, a Buddhist priest, who wasonce a prince of Siam... himself an artist to the tips of his fingers alikeby temperament and training... &amp; &amp; &amp; 4*" The puppet-shows " (he says) " also deserve some mention. The con- struction of moving figures and puppets is carried to a considerable degreeof perfection. Beautiful figures, 6 to 18 inches high, representing the charac- ters of the Indian drama of Ramayana are made for exhibition at royalentertainments. They are perfect pieces of mechanism ; their very fingerscan be moved and made to grasp an object, and they can be made toassume postures expressive of any action or emotion described in poetry;this is done by pulling strings which hang down within the clothing, orwithin a small tube attached to the lower part of the figure, with a ringor loop attached to the end of each, for inserting the fingers of theshowman. The movements are perfectly timed to the music and recitationor singing."One cannot help being charmed by these Lilliputs whose dresses areso gorgeous and jewelled with the minutest detail. Little embroideredjackets and other pieces of dress, representing the magnificent robes ofa Deva or Yakha, are complete in the smallest particulars. The minia- ture jewels are sometimes made of real gold and gems. &amp;" Such a thing as this I believe to be only possible when a man hasalmost unlimited means, both in time and money to devote to his hobbyfor months, (as was the case with the late and last so-called " secondking" whose puppet-show was The most famous ever called into existence)to complete the work &amp;&amp; The same writer describes the Siamese " shadow pantomime", asEuropeans incorrectly call this art of transparent pictures (i) &amp;&amp; " This is a show of moving transparent pictures over a screen illumi- nated by a strong bonfire behind. The scenes represent the favouriteIndian drama of Ramayana, and are accompanied by music and intonedrecitation and sometimes singing.&amp; " The method of preparation of these pictures is very interesting. Acowhide is scraped to the required thickness (generally about one sixteenth inch), evenly stretched, and allowed to dry hard. It is then roughly shaped,oval for a group and long rectangular for a standing figure... the piecesmeasuring generally from two and a half to five feet In height or diameter.A design is drawn on native made black paper, perforated and transferredas already described (i. e. by pouncing), and then outlined in black upon thehide... appropriate ornaments, flowers or trees are introduced to connecttogether the different figures or projecting parts of a figure, so that whenthe ground is cut away the hide is held together by these connections andwill also hang evenly without buckling. Sky or open space is representedby small even patterns of a very open character with inconspicuous con- nections. The hide after cutting in this way is appropriately colouredwith fast bright dyes which penetrate the leather and are fixed by limejuice or native vinegar, which helps also to brighten the colour. &amp; «« The greatest difficulty is to estimate how much light will, as theysay, " eat up " the figure; for the appearance of the figure is altered bythe light from behind, some colours being weakened and others intensi- fied. If for instance a human figure is drawn (generally dark) In goodproportion with dress and ornament and the colour of hair and skin cor- rectly represented, the picture will appear badly proportioned whenlit up. JZ?" The artist must be a man of great experience, and the worst of it is.that he does not seem able to explain his art nor to set forth in blackand white the proportion of this or that colour which will absorb ortransmit light most. It is amusing to see young artists' attempts at makingthese apparently simple transparent pictures, with thick white paper beau- tifully illuminated, but turning out a complete failure when exhibited.The pictures are held up before the screen by four pieces of split bamboojust strong enough for the purpose, and fastened to the picture, two infront and two behind, the lower ends serving as handles. The hide isflexible so that it can be rolled up round the two sticks. jZf&amp; " The performer must be himself a trained dramatic artist and dancerto music. He acts the scene, as he would on the stage, with every partof his body except the two arms engaged in holding up the picture. Heseems to live in the picture and is absorbed in the representation he istrying to produce. It is most amusing to see the artist's attitude and observe the very intense expression of his face as he performs and watchesthe motion of his picture &amp;' arn informed that similar shadow pictures illustrating the story ofKrishna and Radha are exhibited in the district of Masulipatam in India.I hope some day to see them. "n this connection it may be of interest to mention the art of makingpaper stencils, closely allied in design to the requirements of simplestaging, though not actually adapted directly to an art of movement.They afford at any rate suggestions for the scenery and figures in a toytheatre. They are really used to prepare temporary " pavement pictures "by sifting coloured powders through the stencil; where two or more co- lours are required in one figure, the same number of stencils must bemade, and due care taken to secure an accurate register. Examples oftwo figure stencils are given in the accompanying illustrations.&amp; Before passing to the subject of the human actor, I take the oppor- tunity to note two old references to Indian puppet shows. One is in theDialogues of the Buddha (Majjhima I. 43) where metaphysical speculationsare compared to a puppet-show. The other is found in the Psalms of theSisteros (trans, by Mrs Rhys Davids, 1909, p. 153) where the doctrineof non-soul is inculcated by comparison of the human being with apuppet:Oh I I have seen it... a puppet well painted, with newwooden spindles,Cunningly fastened with strings and with pins, anddiversely dancing,But If the strings and the pins be all drawn out andloosened and scattered,So that the puppet be made non-existent and brokenin pieces,Which of the parts wilt thou choose and appoint forthy heart's rest and solace ?...O thou art blind ! thou chasest a sham, deluded bypuppet shows Seen in the midst of the crowd ; thou deemest of valueand genuineConjurers' trlckwork, trees all of gold that we see inour dreaming.I may also mention that amongst the popular dramatic performancesof India, are some in which the actors are painted. There is a Musulmanfestival in which a street procession, including a man dressed as a tiger,is part of the programme. 1 say dressed, but should rather say painted.Mr Farrar has given a good description:" It is the Moormen, the Muhammadans, collecting funds for their mosque.This qugte occurs yearly. The collectors, arrayed in high turbans of pink&amp;■and many colours, are strangely painted and bedizened. One of themnearly naked, is striped and dappled to pass as a tiger. Streaks of mudare drawn across his body, and he wears a grinning tiger-mask. In this,with feline grace, he sidles, mopping and mowing, across the road, slink- ing after this person or that, while the crowd gives way before him withlittle gasps of admiring terror and delight. And so cunningly does thefellow do it, so truly does he catch the lithe horror of his model, thatthere, in that baking street, in that crowd; in that ridiculous disguise,he contrives to convey a very real impression of something furtive, devi- lish and subtle ". (i) &amp; JS? THE HUMAN ACTORS. 'T'o consider now the human actors. &amp; 0J&amp; ** The whole nature of man says Gordon Craig, '* tends towardsfreedom ; he therefore carries the proof in his own person that as mate*rial for the Theatre he is useless. In the modern theatre, owing to theuse of the bodies of men and women as their material, ail which ispresented there is of an accidental nature. The actions of the actor'sbody, the expression of his face, all are at the mercy of the winds of hisemotions... emotion possesses him; it siezes upon his limbs, movingthem whither it wi11... It is useless for him to attempt to reason withhimself. Hamlet's calm directions (the dreamer's, not the logician's di- (1) Farrar la old Ceyloa pg. 62. rections, by the way) are thrown to the winds... before the mind has timeto cry out and protest, the hot passion has mastered the actor's expres*sion ... That, then, which the actor gives us, is not a work of art; it isa series of accidental confessions ".It is true that the nature of man tends towards freedom. But such isnot the nature of art; its media of expression are not accidental move- ments or inarticulate sounds. Vagueness and uncertainty are never poetic.We are then, agreed that the modern theatre is not artistic: or perhapsthe modern actors are wrongly trained ?Had Mr Craig been enabled to study the Indian actors, and not merelythose of the modern theatre, he might not have thought it so necessaryto reject the bodies of men and women as the material of dramatic art.For those principles which have with great consistency governed all otherOriental arts until recently, have also governed dramatic technique. The movements of the Indian actor are not accidentally swayed byhis personal emotion ; he is too perfectly trained for that. His body, If•you will, is an automaton; while he is acting, there is nothing natural...that is to say accidental or inartistic,... in his movements or changes ofexpression. The movement of a single finger, the elevation of an eyebrow,the direction of a glance., all these are determined in the books of technicalinstruction, or by a constant tradition handed on in pupillary succession.Moreover, nearly the same gestures are employed all over India, to expressthe same ideas, and many, perhaps all of these, were already in use twothousand years ago. And there is the closest connection between these gestures and thoseof the images and pictures of the gods and angels. Many of these gestures...called mudra.... have hieratic significance : equally in a painting, an image,a puppet, or a living dancer or danseuse, or in personal worship, theyexpress the intentions of the soul in conventional language. For example,the commonest hieratic gestures have such significations as; "I give all"or " hold nothing back "; "Do not fear "; " Contemplation " ; •* Callingthe Earth to witness " ; " Discourse " * others represent specific objects,as animals, parts of the body, stage properties, attributes; others are thesigns of invoking and welcoming, placing on a seat, restraining anddetaining... Ail these gestures are made by the fingers and palms. By means of these gestures, and others perhaps less rigid, but allperfectly familiar to the spectator, and repeated without variationby the same dancer on different occasions, or by different dancers,it is possible to express the whole range of human emotion, and of actionresulting from emotion, and likewise to describe the personal appearanceof a god or hero, and all his deeds, in a language which Is perfectlyartificial and profoundly touching... a language with which the joy orsorroWj the youth or age, the male or female sex of the " shower hasnothing to do. 1 have never seen, nor do 1 hope to see better acting than I saw oncein Luckncw, when an old man... a poet and dancer and a teacher of many,many dancing-girls.... sang a Herd-Girl's " Complaint to the mother ofKrishna. " This famous dancer, whose name is Binda Deen, is a devoutBrahman, well enough off, for he used to receive L .500.0.0 or more in asingle night from appreciative rajas ; he will sing, and his nephew willdance, at any time at his own house, for any neighbour or townsman,for quite a small fee. He says that it ought not to be difficult for htsown friends to hear or see him. Thus, before an audience of pupils andneighbours, this old man sat on the ground and sang his poem. Pickingup a scarf, he used it as a veil... and no one could have remembered thathe was anything but a shy and graceful young girl, telling a story withevery sort of dramatic gesture of the hands and eyes. She told how Krishnahad stolen the butter and curds, what pranks he played, of his love-makingand every sort of naughtiness. Every feature of the face, every movementof the body and hands was intentional, controlled, hieratic; not all hisown devotion for Krishna spoiled his art to the least degree. &amp;&amp; It is true that Binda Deen is a man of genius and great personal cha- racter, and so the better able to identify himself with his art, not theart with himself. But such an action-song as this did not belong to him,or depend on his genius for its being, even though he may have composedthe particular words of it; it belonged to the race, and its old vision ofa cow-herd god. Nor would it, or any Indian acting, have had much sign'ficance for an audience not already familiar with all its episodes andideas and all the conventional gestures (dramatic symbols) expressingthem. But it is remarkable that once given the key to these gestures, they no longer appear conventional at all but 44 natural ", in the senseof Inevitable. Yet the fact that all 44 showers " use similar gestures, andthe evidence for their antiquity, prove how conventional, i. e. 44 agreedupon " between artist and audience, they really are. Art, as distinguishedfrom 44 slices of life ", demands not only a trained artist, but also a trainedaudience, and demands also that artist and audience should share acommon faith. Is not perhaps the audience in a modern theatre a greaterfailure than the play itself? £? £?This conventional art is not, of course, now to be seen in the pretentiousproductions of the Parsee theatres; but in all Indian dancing, where thereare no stage properties, and there is but one, or in some simple dramaticperformances only two or three actors... where the whole range of lifeand desire has to to be expressed in a manner clearly intelligible to apopular audience, who do not ask that anything in the representationbefore them should be unfamilar or strange... there the true art of actingor 44 showing " Is still displayed. jg? &amp;% vI do not know how much one would not desire to give, having oncesuffered from the tawdry luxury and pretentious stupidity of the moderntheatres of Bombay and Calcutta, to recover the passionate sincerity ofthis wonderful folk-drama, that 44 without scenery, without the artisticdisplay of costumes, could arouse emotions which now-a-days we scarcelyexperience ". (i) &amp; &amp;I have heard a dancing girl lament that her audience now-a-dayscared more about her looks than her art. Formerly the Indian audiencemade art a sine qua non, and looks a secondary consideration.Dancing is also a part of worship. Miss Ruth St Denis was right inher representations of India on the English stage. Not in detail, or in theexact form of her dance or her dress, but in essential spirit, in perso- nating, for example, in a single scene both the worshipped god and thedancing worshipper; In the Indian temples, or at least in most 'of theSouthern temples, there are Devadasfs, servants of the god, whose dutyit is to dance before his image, just as the Apsaras dance before him inheaven. As there, too, the Apsaras are the courtesans of the gods, so arethe Devadasis on earth. JZ? My friend Abanindronath Tagore has painted me a picture of a Deva- dasi before the shrine of the Lord of the World at Jagannath. She hascast down upon the ground the fallen petals of a lotus, asking, " O Lord,why dost thou make us so fair today, if tomorrow thou wilt cast us intothe dust like a fallen flower?" Do such thoughts, I wonder, find theirway also to those that haunt in Piccadilly?....^JZ? From the dance to the sculptured image, and from the image to thedance, there was a constant going and coming. The greatest Dancer isNataraja, whose cosmic dance is the process of alternate 4 showing forth 'and withdrawal of this variegated universe. If this art of gesture hasendured so long in India, it is partly because it has been so perfectlyformulated, but also partly because it endures in stone and bronze aswell as in living memories.&amp; The dancer's poses, as Loti says, are 44 always those of the basreliefsPaes has described a sixteenth century royal dancing hall.at Vijayanagar,44 where the king sends his women to be taught to dance. It is a longhall and not very wide, all of stone sculpture on pillars... images seatedon the elephants, as well as those on the panels, are all dancing womenhaving little drums. The designs of these panels show the positions atthe ends of the dances in such away that on each panel there is a dancerin the proper position at the end of the dance ; this is to teach the wo=men, so that if they forget the position in which they have to remainwhen the dance is done, they may look at one of the panels where is theend of that dance ... in the middle of the wall is a golden image of awoman of the size of a girl of the age of twelve years, with her arms inthe position she occupies in the end of a dance. (I) &amp; &amp;I have only one objection to meet. When I told Mr Craig of this con- ventional Indian art of acting, he said he thought it was wrong for humanbeings to submit to such severe discipline. But apart from their acting,these Indian actors are as human as any others. That their acting shouldbe so severely disciplined, is not more painful than the observance ofForm in any other art. The musician at least requires an equally arduoustraining. The truth is that the modern theatre has so accustomed us toa form of acting that is not an art, that we have begun to think It is too much to demand of the actor that he should become once more anartist.I have been able to put together above makes no pretension tobe anything more than notes on some aspects of Indian dramatic technique.1 hope there may come a time when 1 can tell more. (1) The Mask, April 1908. (i) " The Home of the Puppet Play. (English Translation1. London 1932. (1) Tawney, Kathakosa, London 1895 pg. 40. (1) Ceylon National Review, II 4. 1907. (!) C. Sea. History of Bengali Literature. (i) Seweli, A forgotten Empire. Vijayanagar pg. 209. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS PUPPETS IN SPAIN. by "Yorick". A VENETIAN MARIONETTE.One of the figures of the marionette theatre taken to her new home by Loredana Grimani on her marriagewith Francesco Morosini, in Venice. 1772. And now in the Museo Correr in that city. (1) lose your eyes for a moment and imagine thatyou are traversing time and space, as though youwere In a dream, and enter with me a gloomycell in a Spanish Convent, about the end of theyear 1551. All round the walls, on oaken tables,there are hundreds and hundreds of models ofhydraulic machines, of instruments of war.... andof clocks and watches. On a table, in the middle of the room, a multitude of little wooden figures, admirably formed,and dressed in armour, are simulating, now a battle, now a council, nowa march, and finally an assembly, gesticulating in a marvellously naturalway, and, through the voice of the artificer, who designed and worksthem, disputing among themselves about the most difficult problems ofphilosophy and mechanics.&amp; A man, still young and robust* holds in his hands the strings of themarionettes, and speaks all the parts of that strange comedy, while afine old warrior on the other side of the table Is eagerly watching, thathe may not lose a gesture, nor a motion, nor a word of these extraordi- nary " figurini ".&amp; The convent is called the monastery of Saint Just, the manager ofthe figures is Giovanni Torrlani of Cremona; and the old motionlessman, who is setting opposite to him i 5.... His Majesty, the EmperorCharles the fifth. He, who had dreamed of the conquest and dominionof the whole world, the rival of Francis the first, the conqueror of Pavia,the conquered of Ceresole, the liberator of the Christians, the victor ofBarbarossa, is smiling and Interested in the dialogue and actions of ma- rionettes ; and the greatest mecanician of his age, Giannello Torrlani,whom Covarruvias in his " Tesoro della lingua castellana " describes asa second Archimedes, does not disdain to apply his talent and skill tothe construction and perfection of burattini.&amp; Whoever has read, or will take the trouble to read, in the pages ofhistory, such as that of Tiraboschl, about the erudition and services to science of Qiannello Torriani, will find It difficult to understand whysuch an indefatigable searcher among the highest problems, such a ta- lented artificer, such a thinker and philosopher, should have sacrificedhimself for a sufficiently long space of time with the toys and trifles ofa pseudo-spectacle of marionettes. But he will cease to wonder if heremembers that it was with such things that the illustrious scientist,bound by the cords of deep affection and devotion to the great Monarch...now withdrawn from the world... succeeded, in some degree, In resto- ring his mind, which had been disturbed and saddened by trouble andmisfortune, and in gradually recalling him to the study of intricatequestions of policy and government, with regard to which he was oftenconsulted by the restless and suspicious Philip, his son and successor.It was only by such means... the miracles of mechanics, the constructionof watches and the manipulation of puppets, for which he had alwayshad great predilection... that Charles could be roused from a conditionof torpor and inactivity. &amp;And for the first two years of that melancholy and voluntary con- finement, the learned and compassionate friend was willing to isolate/himself within the walls of a gloomy monastery, and to bend his won- derful intellect and ability to the modest business of a simple showman.j0 What kind of things the puppets of Torriani were, Flaminio Stradatells us in his book on the Flemish war:...44 Some beat the drum, others sound the trumpet; others, again, ride44 on horses and rush furiously, one against another, with visor lowered44 and with lance In rest; some dance, some skip; and there was one44 with a cage, which, at a given moment, he opened, liberating birds,44 that then flew all about the stage. Fray Piquillo, a monk in the con- -44 vent of St. Just, who was present at that, performance was so astonl- -44 shed, that he made the sign of the Cross and hurried away, suspecting44 that the 44 demonio " had in some mysterious manner entered into the44 construction of those surprising little wooden 44 creaturine The inventions of the Italian Torriani soon got Into the hands of the44 titereros ", country showmen, who had come, for the most part, fromthe provinces of our peninsular; and 44 castelli" were speedily set up inthe open spaces of Madrid, Seville and Valencia ; and stable theatres were multiplied in Barcelona, Cordova and Granada. Later on marionettescrossed Into Portugal, and Lisbon had Its opportunity, also, of applaud- ing the clever little " figurlni " on an improvised stage in a '* Tragediafilosofica called '* La morte di Socrate ".&amp; The adventures related in the " Libro de entertenimento de la PicaraJusiina, compuesto por el licenciado Don Francesco de Übeda, naturalde Toledo " disclose some very intimate details of the life of an old Ita- lian emigrant, who was the owner of a marionette theatre in Seville about the beginning of the sixteenth century, and describe the subtlemotions and famous doings of that hero of wood, to whom the Sevillianpublic had conceded the right of citizenship, and baptized by the nameof " Don Cristoval Pulichinela&amp;" "edifizio" so perfect, that none better supplied with actors, or richer" in appointments and dresses, had ever been seen. My ancestor was44 small in stature, almost a dwarf; so that between himself and his ma- " rionettes, the only difference was that of voice, which the old man'' spoke without having need of a " pivetta But to see him and hear" him, and to see and hear his little 44figurini" was such a pleasure and" delight, that when the hour for his performance arrived, all the" shopkeepers of whatever kind, hurried at the sound of the drum and** fife to secure good places, even forgetting to shut up their shops ".It should be said that the repertory of Spanish and Portuguese ma- rionettes was always essentially different from that of all other Europeanburattini, having rigidly retained all the marks and characteristics ofthe old relations with the church. The example, Quoted already, of theMorte di Seneca " is sufficient to give an Idea of the class of play, thatwas most approved by the people of the Iberian peninsular. Moreover,44 personaggi " of the burattinesque theatre in Spain were more distin- guished than elsewhere for their preservation of the national physio- gnomy. With the single exception of 44 Pulcinella", who is, of course,cosmopolitan, no Italian puppet has ever succeeded in acclimatisinghimself in the country. Nevertheless, the passion for marionettes was,and still is, very marked. We have abundant proof of it in the works ofsome of the most celebrated writers. ** But why go searching through books in Spanish Libraries for evidenceof the popularity of marionettes ? What better testimony could we havethan that of the great Cervantes in his 44 Verdadera historia deli inge- gnoso hidalgo Don Quijote de la Mancha ? " Who has forgotten the twentysixth chaper of the second part 44 donde se prosigue la graciosa aventuradel titerero who in the presence of the 44 Trista Figura" and of someof his friends, gave a representation of 4&lt; Senor Don Gaiferos y de suesposa Melisendra the pathetic parts of which 44 andan en boca de lasgentes y de los muchachos por esas calles " ? So well did the marionet- tes perform their parts, so perfect was the illusion produced by thosemovable little figures, so real did the clash of arms and the onslaughtagainst poor Don Gaiferos appear to be, that the valiant 44 Hidalgoforgot altogether that It was merely fiction, and, taking the matter se- riously, rose to his feet and rushed to the aid of the oppressed 44 cava- liero ", drawing his sword and raining blows upon the crowd of Moorishburattini, maiming this, and wounding that one, and finally flourishinghis sword in such away, that if master Pedro had not fortunately movedhis head in time, he would have split it as though it had been made of44 marciapane -U (1) P, Ferrigni. THE PRE-SHAKESPEAREAN STAGE, SOMEFACTS ABOUT IT, With Comments and Notes FOREWORD. by John. gn the following pages we give a list, very incomplete, It is true, yet,even so, sufficiently significant, of some of the events which took placein the theatre or relative to the theatre, in the sixteenth century.You will note that this list comprises events and persons not merelyof England or English, but of all over Europe, and that it thereforegives a more comprehensive idea of the contemporary stage of thatperiod than Is afforded by the majority of books treating of thesethings.We have not found any such list as this elsewhere. Probably no onehas considered it worth while to compile one. We, however, think dif- ferently, and in subsequent pages we shall give some of our reasons forso thinking, and shall explain why we wish to draw the seriousattention of students of the theatre to that great Pre-Shakeapeareanperiod which the historians, for the most part, skim lightly over in theireagerness to arrive at Shakespeare himself, and the Elizabethan stage.But here, to begin with, is the list.... Our thanks for assistance in compiling this list are due to the followingscholars who have written books or articles upon the subject: MrAllbright, Slgnor A. Bartoli, Mr Collier, Mr E. K. Chambers, Mr J. P.Cooper, Mr Dutton Cook, Mr Sidney Lee, Dr Karl Mantzius, M. A. Pougin.Slgnor Luigi Rasi, Mr Hugo Rennert, Dr Scherillo, the late J. A. Symonds,and Luigi Riccoboni tbe actor, wbo lived and wrote in the seventeenthcentury. &lt;0 &lt;0 &lt;0 .0/ &lt;0 &amp;j0 Up to the date 1577 several mistakes have been overlooked in thetext by Proof readers, and these are corrected on the last page of this number of " The Mask &lt;0 J. S. SOME EVENTS OF THE SIXTEENTH CENTURY. (1) This and the " Calandra " represent the " Commedia Erudita " or Literary Commedla. (1) See the "Diary of Pavoni Bologna. 1589. (1) Karl Mantzius says Built, J, A. Symoads says rebuilt. (2) See 41 Travels oi the Three English Brothers " 1607. 1502.Angelo Beolco, (or Beolci) born in Padua. The " Plautusand Roscius " of his age. Invented Dialect plays.1503.Anton Francesco Grazzini born. Took name of " U Lasca "in 1539. Fought for the Italian language. Date of birth pos-sibly 1508. I505.Nicholas Udall born, was master of Eton. " The Father 0!English Comedy ".ISo8.11 Lasca. (Anton Francesco Grazzini). See above.IAriosto's " Cassaria " Is produced at Ferrara. (1)I5I3.Bibbiena's ** Calandra", the first national Italian comedy,produced at Urbino.I5I5.Francis I. crowned King of France.I5I6.Hans Sachs writes his first play.I5I7.Pope Leo X. invites the Company of I Rozzi " of Siena tovisit him at the Vatican. This Company acted Farces.I520.A banquetting house " like a theatre " is built in Calais anddestroyed by fire.John Heywood begins to write Interludes (Inter, between,ludus, a play) In France called . Heywood was actorand a devout Catholic.John Skelton writes Interlude '  Magnificence ".I 53I.Before this date Heywood wrote " A mery Play between thePardoner and the Frere, the Curate and the Neybour Pratte".1525.John Stow is born.I536.Pedrolino or PellsinI born. One of the greatest Zannis of histime.I537.Philip II born. Macchiavelli dies.I538.Angelo Beolco, " II Ruzzante " publishes or invents his firstComedy, written in dialect which was till then never employedby writers of comedies. He wrote " La Rhodiana ", " L'Anco-nitana ", " La Pio.vana '* La Vaccaria ", u La Moschetta " and" La Fiorina ". Rasi attributes to Beolco the honour of havingrevived the Buffoons and fathered the masks of Pulclnella andthe Capitano and the four northern masks.1533.Ariosto dies. Hans Sachs turns his attention to the Scriptu«ral Drama.1537.About this time Italian actors visit France. None of the actor'snames are known.1538.Carlo Borromeo is born. In Yarmouth a theatre or " game house " is built " for Inter-ludes or playsMuzio is in Seville ; takes part in festival of Corpus Cristi. Acommedia Company visits Seville then. Lope de Rueda pro-bably joins this company.1539.11 Lasca founds the Accademia degli Umidi.1540.About this time Angelo Beolco(Ruzzante) is writing hiscomedies." Ralph Roister Doister " is produced about this date. " be-fore 1550 " says J. A. Symonds.I540-80.H. Liefrinck engraves. (Scene from " Comedie ou Farce de SixPersonnages " Pantalone, Capitano, etc.I542.Angelo Beolco dies. (Rasi says two years earlier.)1544.Tasso is born at Sorrento.1545.Marie Fairet. the first French actress.Hans Sachs begins to write dramas upon tragic subjectsdrawn from Boccaccio.1548.Francis /. of France dies.Cervantes born.Francesco Andreini born in Pistoia, Tuscany. Served as sol-dier. is made slave by Moors for eight years. (Consider this inftreference to Morris dance.) Passion Brothers acquire the site of%a castle belonging to the Dukes of Burgundy and build there anew kind of theatre,... the Hotel de Bourgogne... destined forMiracle plays.I550.11 Lasca founds the Accademia della Crusca In Florence.Flaminio Scala is born about this time. His [life hidden, fewfacts being obtainable. He plays lovers' parts. Is the first tomake a collection of scenarios.I552.Etienne Jodelle, who seems to have been the first In theFrench Theatre to have a tragedy of his own invention repre-sented, gives a play entitled " Cleopatra " and himself playsthe part of Cleopatra.1553.Mary /. is crowned queen of England. (Roman Catholic).1554.Gros Guillaume. (Robert Gu£rin) born. Robert Green born about this date, goes to Italy I754. styleof Improvisation.isss.Vittorla Pisini, (Pasquati or Pellesini); Possible date of herbirth.I556.De So in mi at Mantua composes Dialogues on acting and thestaging of plays.1557.Earliest record of plays given in Inns. Saracen's Head, Islington.1558.Elizabeth is crowned queen of England.1SS9.11 Lasca's carnival song, " Canto di Zanni e Magnifichi " ispublished In " Canti CarnascialeschI ". It was written sometime previous to this.I560.Charles IX of France is crowned ; dies I574.I560-80.About this time a Spanish actor called deinvents theatrical posters.I562.Isabella Andreini is born, Padua.I563.Pier Maria Cecchiniis born, Ferrara, May 14.Christopher Marlowe is born at Canterbury. Acts in Londonabout 1584. composes Jew of Malta.I564.Shakespeare born. Stratford on Avon. Aprii 22.Michael Angelo dies in Rome.I565.Earliest mention of an Italian actress, Flaminia, by De Sommi.(this is earlier than In Spain or England. She is not to be comfounded with Flaminia Riccoboni, I762).John Heywood dies.At the wedding of Francesco de Medici with Qiovanna of Austriathe Prince of Bavaria, Ferdinand, witnesses a performance ofa Zannl at Verona.1566.Edward Allen born.IS67.By this date Hans Sachs has written 208 dramas.Letter from De Sommi of Mantua, comic author-actor, to DukeFrancesco Gonzaga, April 15.Thomas Nash born. English dramatic author.Is68.Alberto Ganassa performs at Modena with Vincenza Arma.nl&gt;1598=74.Taborino goes to Vienna. While he is there Antonio Soldinocomes there from France, and a group of them, Orazio, Guilio, Giovanni of Venice, Giovan Maria of Rome, the two Trevisans,Siivestro and Battista; who plays " PranceschinaLater oncomes also Pier Maria Cecchini, poet and essayist, who acts" Fritellino " and is knighted by the Emperor Matthias.I5&lt;&gt;9*Vincenza Armani, actress and poetess, dies. The date of herr„birth (in Venice) is unknown. The Accademia degli Intronati ofSiena praise her most highly./ Gelosi perform at Milano.1570.The Austrian and Hungarian Courts now keep Italian Companies.Giovanni Taborini is in Vienna.Vx »Alberto Ganassa performs at the wedding of Lucrezia Borgiaand d'Este at Ferrara. His performances are noted for theirdelicacy and grace. He is head of the '* Gelosi".I57I.He leaves Paris and performs at Lyons, December 29th. Goesto Italy.Cervantes is with Colonna at the Battle of Lepanto.Alberto Ganassa, with Letters patent from the King, has aCompany In France in September, but Parliament prevents theperformance. The Priests object to this company : in absence ofthe king they complain to the magistrates so the company isftbanished, but returns in 1572.I572.A Map by Hocfuagel shows two Theatres or Bear-pits.Augustin de Rojas born in Madrid.Taborini has a son, Maximilian Taborini, born Septem-ber 25th.1572-3./ Gelosi are in Milano in the spring I573 ; in Ferrara; (summer)Genoa, (autumn), Venice (winter).1572.Alberto Ganassa returns to Paris and takes part in thewedding celebrations of Henry of Navarre and Marguerite ofValois.The Plague in London.D. Martinelli acts in London.*573.Inigo Jones Is born In London.The ballet of the '• Polonais " is given in the Tuileries for thePolish Ambassadors, (see » The Mask, July ,913.) 1574.July 18, I Gelosi go to Venice and Milano, (with Glulio -squat/, called " Magnlfico "). At Venice they perform beforeHenry III. of France who is bored by the 44 Signorlna " ViUtor/a V. Pi/sini.Queen Elizabeth bestows a royal license on James Burbage,Robert Wilson, John Perkin, John Lantram and WilliamJonson to perform in a Theatre under the name of 44 LordLeicester's Servants Robert Wilson is described as giftedwith " a quick, delicate, refined, extemporal wit " by Stow inhis 44ChroniclesAlberto Ganassa visits Madrid for the first time* playingmostly In Pantomime. Is called Alberto Naselli alias Ganassa.1575.Takes part In Corpus Christ! festival at Seville and In 44 Corralde Don Juan " at Theatre. The English Ambassador gives anaccount of his company in a despatch sent to Queen Elizabeth.John Marston is born.Alberto Ganassa opens a theatre in Corral de la Pacheca./ Gelosi visit Milano, Florence and Vienna, Pasquate " Ma-0\gnifico " is with them. Rodolfo 11 reigning.I575-80.Cervantes is a slave in Algiers, (consider the bearing of thison the Morris Dance).I576./ Gelosi visit Ferrara at Carnival time.Giovanni Pelesini Is in winter at Florence, Pisa, Lucca. Notallowed to perform at Pisa because of scandals about the womenof his company.Hans Sachs dies, aged 81 years." The Theatre " is built. First Theatre opened in England.Cost L. 700.0.0., equal to about L. 5000.0.0. today. Burbagepere a joiner by trade. Patron the Earl of Leicester.First Edition " Hamlet " played here, 1576=98. This may beregarded as the birth year of the English Drama.1577.1 Gelosi with Scala go to Blois for Henry 111, January 35th.They are also at Paris in the Hall of Petit Bourbon, (see Moliere).Remonstrance from priests and magistrates to the king at everyperformance. The chief attraction is Magnifico Pasquath Among the troupe at Blois are Scala, Andreini, Isabella.Andreini, " Pedrolino " or Giovanni Pellesini, and SimoneBolognese.1577-" The Curtain " Is built. It is the second English Theatre.Tarleton, a Shropshire peasant by birth, water-carrier bytrade. He studied from the Italian comedians; was at Elizabeth'scourt. A veritable " Chicot". Created a School of Comedians.1577-8.Martinelli in London with the Commedia deH'Arte. " The DeadMan's Fortune", a scenario, discovered, containing Pantaloon, andprobably derived from a Scenario of the same name in Italian.1578.The Hotel de Bourgogne let by the Passion Brothers tothe first French company of actors under Agnan Sarat. Thisactor's career lies in obscurity.Ganassa again in Madrid. Women acting with him.I Gelosi in Florence. The company includes Pasquati, Lo~dovico di Bologna, Gabriello da Bologna, Simone daBologna, and Salimbeni.Andreini, (aged 30) marries Isabella, (aged 16). Seal a is stillwith " I Gelosi" and writes dramas for Isabella. The companyleaves Florence in 1579.Giambattista Andreini is born.l579°8o.I Gelosi go to Venice, act for Prince Ferdinand of Bavaria.Visit Mantua but find an unpleasant reception. Ducal decree,(May 5th) orders their departure. (No mention of Andreini orhis wife; the others mentioned by name). The company leavesVenice and arrives in July in Genoa. Afterwards go to Milano.1579.Curcio Romano and his company in Toledo. Receives fiftythousand maravedis. His real name was Vincenzo Botanelli.Ganassa is at Madrid, Corral de Puente, in May and June.I580.I Gelosi leave Milano and visit Bergamo and join forces with-the company of the " Uniti ". Return to Milano again inMay and are licenced by the Governor. They are prohibitedfrom performing in July by Cardinal Borromeo. The Governorpermits them to open in September.They visit Pisa and Lucca. 1580.Ganassa is in Madrid.The Company of 44 Dei Confidenti " is in Mantua led by Si-gnora Viitoria and Pellesini under the direct patronage ofthe Duke. The Duke acts as Impresario. There Is record oftrouble between Signora Vlttoria and another actress. The Dukewithdraws favour from Vittoria and Pellesini.Domenico Bruni born.1581./ Gelosi are in Venice in Carnival time. Pellesini is withthem in I583.Pellesini writes to Alfonso of Ferrara to restore him hisfavour.Curcio Romano becomes the sub-director of Ganassa'sCompany.1581*2.Ganassa's Company now includes GiovanniPietro Pasquarele, Cipion Graselli, Giulio Vlllanti, CarloMasi, Jacopo Portalupi, Curcio Romano and the musiciansPedro de Salcedo and Antonio Laso.I582.I Gelosi visit Mantua in April.Ganassa is put in prison in Madrid.4Maximiliano Milimino the Italian comedian is killed in] Ma-drid, October 19. His wife was Maria Imperia.Wetstone publishes his 44 Heptameron " in which he speaks ofthe comedians of Ravenna, etc.An attempt by is made the City of London to ban all plays.I583.Ganassa is still in Madrid.Tarleton becomes one of the twelve who are selected to be44 The Queen's Players ". He writes 41 The Famous Victories ofHenry V. " It is the fore-runner of Shakespeare's Play. He ismade 44 Groom of the ChamberRobert Wilson is also chosen as one of 44The Queen's Players'\-and Is spoken of as an 44 extemporal wit11 Lasca dies, aged seventy five.I583.Virginia Ramponi is born.First record of women on the Spanish stage./ Gelosi visit MHano. Pellesini is with them. 1584.Cardinal San Carlo Borromeo dies.Ganassa is still Madrid.I584-5.The Company " del Confidenti " visits Paris in these years.With them is Fabrizio di Fornaris.Is8s.Shakespeare comes to London.I Gelosi visit Florence.I586.I Gelosi visit Bologna and Mantua. In this latter place PrinceVincenzo shows Isabel la Andreini marked favour, acting asgodfather to her daughter LaviniaEdward Alleyn is an actor now with the Earl of Worcester'splayers.Kcmpe and other actors visit Elsinore (June I7). The namesof these actors are in the folio (I623) of Shakespeare's plays.Kempe is highly paid.I586-93.Shakespeare adapts old plays.I587.First licence given to women on Spanish stage. (See under.)Turlupin (Henri le Grand) Is born./ Gelosi go to Florence in January. Isabella asks the GrandDuke to act as godfather to another daughter.1587-8." I Confidenti", a newly formed company of Italian players,whose patron is the Duke of Mantua, visit Madrid, under themanagement of Tristano and Drusiano Martinelli. Ma-dams. Angelica, the wife of the latter, is a lady of very easyvirtue. With them are two other young actresses called AngelaSalomona and Silvia Roncagli, the latter known as " LaFrancesquina ". These women were licenced in I587.I588.I Gelosi are now in Mantua. They receive good characters•from the Duke and go to Milano.-Tarleton dies.Giovanni Gabrielli is born.Kyd's " Spanish Tragedy " is heard previous to this.1589.Henry IV is gowned king of France.At Florence Pellesini, Vittoria and Isabella act togetherbefore the Grand Duke on the occasion of the marriage ofFerdinand dei Medici with Crlstlna di Lorena. On May I3 they act 44 La Pazzia " invented by Isabella. Andreini imitatesall his actors. (1)They divide up into two companies. "I Confidenti" and 44Uniti"go one way, f41 Gelosi" another. 44 I Geiosi " are at Milano inSeptember.1590.Tarleton's 44 novels " are published under the title u News outof Purgatory " Shakespeare uses this book for his piny 44 TheMerry Wives of Windsor " written in ten days time about 1599.Shakespeare is engaged at 44 The Theatre " being aged twentysix and playing in the 4* Tamburlaine " of Marlowe, who isabout the same age.44 I Gelosi " visit Milano in November.Ludovico Albergini visits the palace of the Duke of MantuaSeptember 12, with a company which includes Mobile di No-bill of Bologna.I59l.44 I Gelosi " visit Florence.Shakespeare begins his original plays with 44 Love's Labour'sLost" and 44 Romeo and Juliet."1592./Ce/npe plays at the Newington Theatre 44 A Knack to know aKnave etc, and improvises.Chettle writes of Shakespeare that he was 44 Exelent in theQualitie he professes " 44 Qualitie " i. e. 44 acting. "The Rose Theatre is built.I593-Marlowe dies.The Globe Theatre is built.InigoJones goes to Italy to study, being aged twenty.Lavinia, (Marina Dorotea Antonazzoni) is born at Venice, Fe-bruary 5.Jacques Callot is born, (Callot is the Gypsy word for strumpet).Girolamo Salimbeni is acting in Genoa.1594.4' / Gelosi" visit Florence, Girolamo Salimbeni is in thecompany; acts the role of Zenobio or Zanobln daor Salimbeni detto Piombino.The 44 Swan " Theatre is built. Shakespeare plays at court before Queen Elizabeth withKempe and Burbage, December 27=28.*595.Tasso dies in Rome. He wrote sonnets to Isabella Andreini.Ttistano Martinelli leaves Giovanni Pellesini's Company,P. Maria Cecchini is in Florence, in September.1596.Spanish women are forbidden the stage. The Prohibition is ofshort duration.Blackfriar's Theatre is built or rebuilt. (1) Johannes de Wittdraws a sketch of The Swan Theatre.Ben Jonson writes " Every Man in his Humor ", containingthe character " Capitano Bobadill "./ Gelosi visit Genoa and Bologna.Tristano Martinelli joins 44 De Desiosi " or 44 della Diana "and visits Mantua and Bologna.1597.44 Romeo and Juliet " is printed.The Globe Theatre is built.1598.Shakespeare's 44 Love's Labour's Lost ", is printed.Shakespeare acts in first performance of Jonson's 44 EveryMan in his Humor ". Kempe also.Gualtier Garguille is playing in Paris.1599-Kempe dances the Morris Dance from London to Norwich innine days.Shakespeare writes 44Much Ado About Nothing". Kempe acts•as Dogberry and Cowley as Verges.44 The Merry Wives of Windsor " about this time.\The Fortune Theatre built. Edward Alleyn In Novemberdetails the cost.The Red Bull Theatre built.44 Henry V " acted at the Globe or the Curtain.Tristano Martinelli at Verona.An Italian Company visits Paris in the spring and performsbefore Henry IV. Their success at Court and at the Hotel deBourgogne obliges a French company to retire. This ItalianCompany is, according to Rasi, 44 I Gelosi " Andreini's son Battistaplays the parts of the Innamorato either now or *little later. Niccolo Barbieri (Beitrame) is with the Company.I6oo.Henry IV of France marries Maria ' Medici. The thirddaughter of this union is Henrietta Maria of England.D. Martinelli is administrator of Scala's Company. His wifeis Angelica, an actress.Scala is at Lyons with Fritellino Cecchini in the summer.Cecchini acts as the director of the Company.Paris has still but one Theatre,... Hotel de Bourgogne, keptopen by the Passion Brothers for letting purposes.About this time Kempe Is in Italy; visits Venice and actswith " Harlequin and his Wife ". (I)Henslowebegins to pay dramatists more for their plays. Tillnow he has paid about Eight pounds for a tragedy*Isabella Andrelni takes honours in the famous Accademiadel Intenti. This Accademia was known as the " Sheftook first honours after Tasso at the Casa Aldobrandlni. THE MEN BEFORE SHAKESPEARE. 44 The Italian tragedians were so sharp of witThat in one hour of meditationThey would perform anything in actionKyd's Spanish Tragedy ". n the preceding pages we have given a brief listof facts relative to the Theatre, extending overthe sixteenth century,.... the century which gaveShakespeare birth.j&amp; And what do these facts show ?j&amp; They show that there were men at work Inthe Theatre long before Shakespeare; they showthat that Shakespearean Theatre over which Mr William Poel and Mr Allbright and their confreres enthuse as the veryapotheosis of the history of the theatre was, in truth, but the dyingclose of a glorious day and that It was more in its quality as the " set*ting sun and music at Its close " that it was " writ in remembrancemore than things long past " than for its own Intrinsic glory: that itmarked, in fact, already a period, not of development, but of decline. &amp; Now if there were men at work in the theatre long before Shakespeare,at what were they at work, please ? To this question we shall endeavourto reply in this and future numbers of " The Mask "by some accountof their lives. But at the outset we would make it clear that In doingthis we are advocating no new School which should imitate pre=Shakes- pearean actors; all we wish to point out is that these Pre=Shakes- peareans were fine fellows, and finer than those who came after themand who depended, not on their own creative powers, but on written plays.&amp; But we suspect that these written plays upon which the later actorsdepended were really at the outset composed by the actors themselvesand only written down afterwards by scribes,... not the whole but partsof them; so that by degrees a play, originally a living thing varyingfrom night to night with the humour of the players, became stereotypedinto one permanent form, and the living tree of the actors' Inventionslowly petrified into the fossil which future generations could discuss,study, and pass from hand to hand. It Is because we feel that this earlier greater period has been sogrievously neglected by the scholars and historians that we wish to callattention to it; and, as a prelude to that which we shall show in thenext two or three numbers of The Mask we have here set down mostbriefly something of what was happening all over Europe at that timeand, in this list, we would draw the attention of those who are moreinterested in a man because he can write than because he can act, toall sorts of facts which speak for themselves, although we fear thatthese may, like the proverbial drops of water, roll off their backs. &amp;&amp; It is for these, and not only for the authors and actors, that we havedecided to approach the fringe of that curtain which hangs over thePre=Shakespearean period ; to approach it, and, dare we even hope, beable to raise it an inch or two so that some may look beneath ? &amp;After all, it is only a gauze curtain, and is absolutely transparent toanyone who can see even a little, without its being raised at all. aWe should not need to be exact about these things, but let us try tobe so. Here, we are but laying a few facts before you, and also puttingshort biographies of the doings of the chief persons whom we callPre=Shakespearean actors. &amp; &amp;&amp; You will see, for instance, how the great Andreini, whose portraitwe give (and of whom you have already doubtless said that he re- sembles Shakespeare as brother resembles brother,) was the friend ofprinces, travelled to Paris, married a most refined and gifted lady,wrote a book recording his own work in the theatre, and mixed in thatsociety which Shakespeare so well described, and with which Heavenforbid we should suppose he was not conversant, (i) &amp; ay°u will see, too, how there was in 1572 a great Italian, by nameMartlnelli, one of the greatest of his time,.... no mere buffoon as thehistorians have wished to make 0ut.... playing his serious dramas, whichhe had himself composed, in London, for everyone to see, and to copyIf they c0u1d,.... though certainly to say nothing about the copy. Youwill note how Shakespeare was a boy of eight at that time, and youcan guess how everyone in London must have cried, *'you rememberwhat that Italian did ? you remember how he came on there ? You re- member the whole idea of that scene ?" "Why yes", says the other, 44 Iremember it was such and such a thing:... great success,... packed houses...Let's do it again! " xz? And they did it. &amp;£? And Shakespeare did it himself. &amp;Now, don't think that here we are carrying out our promise of me- rely relating facts, for of course that is a bounding idea;... still an ideaon the verity of which we would stake our vision ; but let it pass for themoment. It will concern us later on. But let no one dare from this timeforward, nor let historians fear, to state that a mighty stage precededthe time of Shakespeare. That talk about 44 zannis " and buffoons andstrolling comedians is incorrect in its ,and historiansshould never be suggestive. What we require of them Is fact and nothingbut fact,.... carefully tested and accurately co-ordinated fact.But the historians and students have altogether failed to learn whatwas going on at the time of the advent of Shakespeare. They havealtogether belittled the earlier stage of Europe because their noseswere glued against the pane which looked into the shop window ofEngland.Mr William Poel, for instance, talks much of people after Shakes- l peare but says nothing of those before. Yet it seems important for thescholar to speak rather of what came before than after. Mr J. A. Symondsalso, in an older book, forgets the early actors, although he has muchto say about the earlier playwrights. We, on the contrary, while wemake the most of the actors in this list, by no means forget the authors.&lt;4 What would you say ?... some ask us. 44 Would you claim everythingas coming from Italy?"Well, if you had time to go into it you would find more came fromItaly than you expect. For instance, you would probably be surprised toknow that Milton's 44 Paradise Lost ", which you consider so essentiallyEnglish, came from an Italian tragedian. (I) A Dutchman, too, would besurprised on hearing that his 44 Adamo " by Vondel came from Italy;and If these and like truths could only be sufficiently brought home toknock the sleepiness out of the Northern nations they might really awaken and compete with Ireland, which alone among them Is creativeand vigilant.£/ It is remarkable that, among all the solemn historians and antiqua.rians, only 0ne,... and he making no claim to be a historian... shouldhave had some realisation of the debt our theatre owes to Italy, and, acentury before the days of Mr Poel and Mr Symondsj should have writtenof the early Italian actors with appreciation, knowledge and respect. &amp;&amp; That man Is Isaac Disraeli, father of the Earl of Beaconsfield, andhimself a descendant of an Italian family, who devotes many chaptersin his " Curiosities of Literature " to the Commedia dell'Arte and theearly masks.Again and again he points out the high standing and remarkabletalent of the Italian actors of that period. Of Constantlni, for instance,he says, 44 Crowds followed him in the streets, and a king of Poland44 ennobled him. The wit and Harlequin Dominic sometimes dined at the" table of Louis XIV; Tiberio Fiorillo, who invented the character of" Scaramouch, had been the amusing companion of the boyhood of" Louis XIV Several of these admirable actors were literary men,44 who have written on their art, and shown that it was one. The Har- -44 lequin Cecchini composed the most ancient treatise on this subject44 and was ennobled by the Emperor Matthias, and Nicholas Barbieri for44 his excellent acting called the Beltrame, a Milanese simpleton, in his'' treatise on comedy, tells us that he was honoured by the conversation44 of Louis XIII and rewarded with fortune," and, though both Constantiniand Fiorillo were of a little later date, Cecchini was born in 1563, whileBarbieri went to Paris in 1600 with Flaminio Scala in the service ofHenry IV. Of course there were no doubt very many low comic fellows, but,that there were also many serious and distinguished actors, a very slightstudy of the history of the theatre in that period will show, and it isnot necessary to remind our readers that Riccobonl, a later actor of thesame school as Andreini, Martinelli and Fiorillo, informed the peoplethat only professional actors and those of thorough training could suc- cessfully perform the improvised comedies. (1) &amp; J&amp; And now, after all this fact, for a little supposition: &amp; &amp;&amp; if Rlccoboni thought as he did about the measure of training andtalent required for successful acting of improvised comedy what mustAndrefni, so much earlier than Riccoboni, and at so much finer a period,have thought ? &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; You may say that you can suppose that. You can; and the suppositionmust control your judgement as to the quality of the stage work at thatperiod. And if you bear in mind that, whereas Riccoboni lived a littlelater and in a period of decay, and Flaminio Scala and Andreini were Inthe late Renaissance, Beolco was full In the best period of the Re=naissance, you will come nearer forming a just estimate of the greatnessof these early actors of the Italian stage. &amp; 4? &amp;For can you suppose that when the wave of revival came overeverything it avoided the theatre ? Nonsense I &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Can you really suppose that these players, for the enjoyment of whomprinces entered into diplomatic negociatlons; who sat at the tables ofroyalty and were ennobled by emperors and had their children held atthe font by kings and queens ; whose arrivals were celebrated by tour- naments, who were banquetted by cardinals and sung by poets, andaccompanied, as was Isabella Andreini, with civic honours to the grave,were persons of no account ? Or can you suppose that men, so swiftlyresponsive to outward influences that no incident was too small fromwhich to snatch an Inspiration, around which to weave a brilliant tissueof gaiety and wisdom and wit, could be impervious to the tremendousinfluences which were at work in that amazing century in which theylived ? •£? &amp; &amp; Consider what was the life in those days in Florence, Milano, Venice,Mantua; consider the great artists who were the familiar figures inthose cities, the great works dally coming into being; the creative forcewhich was everywhere striving upwards and outwards as the sap stirsthrough the heart of a forest in spring; and, considering all this, canyou suppose that the actors, themselves often, as we have the best ofproof, men of culture and learning, spending their lives in passing fromone to another of these great Italian courts or journeying to France,Spain, Poland, and even to England, remained untouched by the influences at work,... drew nothing from them for the stage? Why, the suppositionis absurd.Recall but a few of these players and their quality, and you will seeit to be so. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; Remember Francesco Andreini, who knew six languages; and his wifeIsabella, admitted a member of the Accademia dei Intent!, and celebratedby all as much for her mental gifts as for her beauty and goodness. Re«member Andrea Calmo, the fisherman's son, who numbered MichaelAngelo and Aretino and Tintoretto among his friends, and who, besidesbeing singer and actor and playwright, was writer of works at oncejoyous and profound. Recall Beolco, that fine gentleman, brilliant visor, and creator of comedies, learned scholar, and friend of the mostillustrious men of his day ; glance also over such fragments of the playsand stage speeches as found their way into manuscript or print, andnote how rich they are in allusion ; how myth and legend, ancient hi=story and contemporary fact, all things in past, and present weredrawn upon for the purposes of the players, and think how keen musthave been the intelligence, how fertile the imagination, how ready thewit of the men who could seize on all and give so richly and lnexhau»stibly, who could so swiftly and splendidly weave their web of fantasyupon the stage before the people's eyes.Considering these things, can you for a moment suppose that men ofsuch quality, living such a life in such an age, should have felt none ofthe quickening forces of the renaissance, should not have brought theseto bear upon the theatre of that day?.... That, at a period when notonly were painting, music and the fine arts producing fine fruit, butwhen the gardeners were in consultation with one another, the hus=bandmen of the theatre were asleep ? The thing is unthinkable. &amp;£? Let us hope that before long a very searching enquiry may be madeinto the European Theatre of this period previous to Shakespeare sothat we shall not continue to look back to the Shakespearean as theone and only standard ; but shall, in fact, deny that the Shakespeareanstage holds anything more for actors except for those who wish to bevirtuosos ; and that if there are some who wish to be creators they shall,without becoming Shakespearean actors, glance back behind Shakespeare and realise that, before he closed the door of initiative, the theatre wasalmost a creative art:.... learning, however, at the same time that theonly thing to be gained by such glancing back is the awakening offresh initiative in the workers of today. (I) But with which, as yon see, Andreini was. (1) Giambattisla Andreini, son of the beautiful Isabella and the great Actor-author Francesco Andreini. (!) See '• The Mask " Vol. HI. Page 99. BIOGRAPHICAL NOTES. Masked Actors, Coviello and a Sicilian, from "[Illegible] Carnevale Italiano mascherato"of Francesco Bertelli, Venice, about 1600. £? Angelo Beolco, known as 44 Ruzzantewas born inPadua in 1502 of a noble family, and died in 1540 or 1542. £s ■£?&amp; He was known, according to Scardeone, as 44 the Plautus and Rosciusof his age " a title which proves his position as actor no less thanas author.&amp; He seems early to have devoted himself to keen study, and, duringthe summers spent in the country with a party of other youths, wasfond of improvising lively scenes and burlesques, imitating the speechof the peasants of the neighbourhood or of travellers from other partswho came that way. zz? JZ?His first efforts as a playwright were in the style of the fashionablepoets of the day,... Bembo, Speroni and their fellows; but, soon wearyingof this accademic style of composition, he set himself to invent plots basedon rustic events, in which the vernacular was spoken by charactersdrawn from popular and familiar types. &amp;&amp; In these new comedies he not only recited extempore himself, butalso trained his companions in improvisation, and won such fame as tobe acknowledged as the reformer, or reviver, of Italian comedy, while,his plays being written in various dialects, besides his native Paduan,it is probably to him that the first introduction of dialect into the44 Commedia regolare " is due. &amp;&amp; It was in 1528 that he gave his first play, in which each characterspoke a different dialect, to the great delight of the audience, who thus,as Sand points out, saw each one his own type upon the stage and heardhis own tongue, and the influence of thits may be traced in the partof 44 Falsironeplayed later by Francesco Andreini, this character being 44 most remarkable for the number of tongues which he spoke,such as French, Spanish, Slav, Greek, Turkish. (1! &amp; It is also to Beolco that Professor Rasl, in his 44 Comici Italian!"*attributes the honour of having revived the ancient Buffoons, and fa- thered the masks of Pulclnella and the Captain and the four northernmasks, while, not only were his plays welcomed with delight on thevarious stages of Italy, but he was himself so popular as an actor thatwhen he was before them the audience would heed nothing else. &amp;&amp; His published plays are 44 La Rhodiana ", 44 L'Anconltana ", 44 La Pio.vana ", 44 La Vaccarla ", 44 La Moschetta " and 44 La Fiorina ", and wereprinted in a volume bearing his name at Vincenza in 1598, nearly sixtyyears after his death. FRANCESCO ANDREINI. jpRANCESCO ANDREINI. Born at Pistoia about 1348, he was firsta soldier, and, taken prisoner by Moors, remained a slave eightyears,... a fact which may have had its later effects upon the Morris or" Moorish " dances upon the stage. &amp; 0? &amp; 0Escaping, he returned to Italy and became an actor, taking first thepart of the " Innamorato ", and afterwards creating that in which hebecame so celebrated, the 44 Capltano Spavento della Val d' Inferno. " 0He also acted the roles of the 44 Dottore Siciliano the wizard*' Falsirone ", famous for the many languages he spoke, and the shepherd" Corinto ".£? In 1578 he married Isabella, at that time sixteen, the two actingtogether in the famous company of the 44 Qelosi " from then onwards,and visiting one after another the courts and cities of northern Italy.(2)«&lt;£? He was leader of the company of comedians which went to Franceabout 1600, and was enthusiastically welcomed in Paris by the king andthe whole court; but in 1604, as they were returning to Italy, Isabelladied at Lyons, and from that time Andreini abandoned the stage, and,*retiring to Venice, devoted himself to the editing of his wife's and hisown literary works. &amp;&amp; In 1607 he published 44 Le Bravure del Capltano Spavento " a series of the speeches, tirades and soliloquies which he had been wont todeliver in that role upon the stage: in 1611 two pastoral 44 favole ",44 L' Ingannata Proserpina " and 44 L'Altarezza di Narciso ", and in 1618the 44 Ragionamenti fantastici posti in forma di dlaloghi rappresentativiFour years afterwards he published the second part of the 44 Bravureand died in Mantua on August 20, 1624. referring to his own principal role Andreini writes as follows:Most gracious readers, while 1 dwelt In the famous Company of the44 Comici Gelosi, (whose fame will never see its last night), it pleasedme to represent in the plays the part of a proud, ambitious and44 bragging soldier, calling myself Capitan Spavento da Vail d' Inferno.44 And so much did I delight in this that I left off acting my principal44 part which was that of the Innamorato. And because I desired to44 maintain my standing, and not lose that fame which I had acquired44 in those famous times, I devoted myself with much earnestness to the44 study of the part of the aforesaid Captain alone, so as to render it, so44 far as lay in my power, rich and well adorned. ~As for the famous company of 44 I Gelosi ", he describes it thus,showing it to have been in truth a 44 star company " working upon thestage with the harmony of a well-trained orchestra.44 These united comedians named themselves the 44 Comici Gelosi ",44 and had as ensign a two-faced Janus with a motto which said 44 Virtu,44 Fama ed Honor ne fer gelosi ".... Such companies are no longer to be44 found, though let this be understood as said with all good feeling in44 regard to those today alive ; and if so be that such are found, they44 are companies which have only three or four fine characters, and the44 others are of the smallest value, and do not correspond with the44 principals as did ail the parts of that famous company, which were44 ail remarkable j in fact it was such that it set the standard for dramatic44 art, beyond which no modern company of comedians can pass. " &amp; FLAMINIO SCALA. pLAMINIO SCALA. Was born about 1559 of a noble family, butfew definite facts or dates of his early life are obtainable, save thathe was a fine actor in the role of the 44 Innamorato £/ We hear of him in 1577 with the »• Gelosi ", who had been caiied toBlois by Henry 111, and also at Paris at the Hall of the Petit Bourbon.and in 1579 he was still with the same company and inventing plays for■Isabella to appear in. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; More certain information about him dates from the summer of 1600when he was with Cecchini at Lyons. In the winter of 1601 he went toParis, and afterwards it seems possible tliat, request having been madeto the Duke of Mantua by Maria di Bossu, lady at the Court of Brussels,for a visit of the Company of the Accesi, that he went with this com.pany to Flanders and Bfabant. .£&gt; &amp; &amp; £? &amp;In January 1606 he was acting at Mantua and in 1611 his great bookof scenarios was published at Venice under the title, 44 II Teatro delleFavole rappresentative, ovvero la Ricreazione comica, boschereccla, etragica, divlsa in cinquanta giornate ■ JZ? £? &amp;&amp; Dr Karl Mantzius claims him to have been the first to make acollection of scenarios, and Riccoboni, writing a little later of the book,says, 44 his theatre is not written in dialogue, but merely set forth in44 simple scenarios, whioh are not so concise as those of which we. ...44 ourselves make use, and which we fasten up to the walls of the44 theatre behind the 44 quinte ", but - which are yet not so prolix as44 to afford the least idea of the dialogue ; they only explain what the44 actor must do on the stage, and the action of the play, and nothing44 more JZ? JZ&gt; &amp; JZ? JZ? 0The scenario of 44 The Dentist,, quoted in part in The , Ja- nuary 1911 was taken from this collection, and Scala is noted, accordingto his biographer, for being the first to give to.the improvised Commediadell'Arte 44 a definite form with all good rule TRISTANO MARTINELLI. rf-,RISTANO MARTINELLI JZ? Was a Mantuan, and, according to Rasi,44 if not the most ancient, certainly the greatest, of the old Ar«lecchinos JZ? J£? J0 &amp;We hear of him In 1588 acting with his brother Drusiano in Spain.In 1595 he was in the Company of 44 Pedrolino ", (Pellesini), but, leavingon account of dissensions, passed to the 44 Desiosi " or the campany of *' Diana " in which he acted in 1596 at Mantua and Bologna. In 1597 hewas at Piacenza, and in 1599 In France.&amp; In 1600 he was called with a Company to France for the marriage of Henry IV with Marie del Medici,on which occasion he issued alittle book of seventy pages en- titled " Composition de Rheto- rique ", to remind the king andqueen of their promise to presenthim with a gold chain and me- dal. (I) A portrait of Arlecchinotaken from this appeared in TheMask April 1911, and another isprinted on this page. In 1611, a year after the deathof Henry IV, the queen madevigorous efforts to have Martinelliagain at the French court, andin October stood godmother tohis son ; but it was not until 1613that the company arrived in Paris,stopping on the way to give someperformances at Lyons. J£? &amp;They performed in Paris untilthe end of July 1614, now at theHotel de Bourgogne for the pub- lie, now at the Louvre for the court, and in January Martinelli wasagain honoured by the King and Queen Regent acting in person assponsors to another of his children.&amp; After this visit Martinelli does not seem to have returned to Franceuntil 1621, although negociations were many times entered upon in theintervening years. when, during this visit, the king announced his departure for thesouth of France to join his army he left orders for the comedians to remain in Paris till his return, but Martinelli on account of his advancedage, asked to be allowed to retire. As he was refused he dispensed withpermission and returned to Italy, after much opposition from his Com- pany, taking up his residence at Mantua. But in carnival 1623 he wasonce more acting at Venice with the " Pedeli, " and in July expressed awish to reappear in France. &amp;He died in 1630 aged about seventy five, 0 DRUSIANO MARTINELLI. MARTINELLI. Who also acted as Arlecchlno, wasbrother of Tristano, and was " capocomico " In England in 1572; in1568 the two were together In Spain, while, if not director, Druslanowas at all events conductor and manager of the company which wentto Paris in 1600. jS? &amp;He was perhaps more distinguished as a manager than as an actor,for he is often referred to as " brother of Arlecchino ", which impliesthat Tristano took precedence ; he is also spoken of as " husband ofMad am a Angelica. Further Biographical Notes of the Pre-Shakespeareao actors will appear in future numbers of "The Mask." Ed. (1) Professor Scherillo, The Mask, Vol. 11l page 120. (2) idem, page 119 to 122- (I) The book is now in the National Library, Paris. SIENA, THE CITY OF DRAMA byErnest Marriott. THE CITY OF SIENA. From an old Print. iena has been called by a writer dead long agoand forgotten " The City of a hundred towersNot many remain of its ancient soaring structures,.,those beautiful towers built for the aggrandisementof feudal 10rd5.,., but there are still standing inthe yellow sunlight of today a sufficient numberto set the imagination glowing brightly enoughalmost to light you back to the days when Siena was a proud and independent state. It has been called by others " TheCity of the Contrade for the Palio, ....a blending of the " Pugna ",the tournament and horse-race glorified by pageantry and masqueradeIs a spectacle or contest at which the many " contrade " or wards ofthe city compete and which draws crowds within the walls of the citytwice a year.No wonder; for this Sienese festival is not a mere revival. It is asurvival of the mediaeval games which were played in all the Communesof central Italy. &amp; &amp;How the races are run in the Piazza, how the horses are taken be=forehand to be blessed at the altars of the churches of the different"contrade," how the jockeys are allowed to strike each other and use anymeans, fair or foul, to win the race, how the victor is deified and howthe winning horse is painted with golden stars has been described manytimes. So has the wonderful performance of the men who manipulatethe swirling banners in the gorgeous procession. But what does notseem to have been spoken of is the spirit with which the Sienese dothese things.Their sense of drama is so extraordinary that they believe absolutelyin what they are doing. Anyone who has compared pageantry in Italywith pageantry out of Italy will understand what I mean when 1 saythat only Italians can do these things properly. &amp; &amp; &amp;Outside Italy all " mummers'' seem self-conscious of their fancy-dressor their wig or weapons or whatever they wear in place of their custo- mary habit. &amp; In England the audiences look upon the actors In pageants as theywould look at performing animals or monkeys In a cage they feeiconscious of their own correctness and have a half»defined feeling thatthe actors are playing the fool. And why is this! Simply because theactors do not take themselves seriously, they have not sufficent prideor interest or belief in what they are doing. &amp;in Italy, and at Siena in particular, the order is reversed. They weartheir mediaeval costumes proudly and with heads carried high. They acttheir parts with such belief in the verity and actuality of what they arerepresenting that they make the audience feel uncomfortable. Observe the experts with the banners revolving them round theirnecks or whirling them around their bodies in hundreds of curious pat°terns: sending them twisting, uncoiling, flashing up into, the air anddeftly catching them by the haft. While they are doing this they givecasual glances at the spectators and they look proud almost to the pointof insolence.It is as if they were saying, " what strange animals you are... why doyou dress in such extraordinary clothes ? do you realize that you lookout of place in our Piazza ? ....that your presence in this mediaeval cityin your insufferably dull clothing is an offence in the sight of Deity andMan ? " And they pass on whirling their joyous banners, proud of theircostumes to such an extent that they wear them all day and the nextday after and are desolated when the time comes for them to don theirordinary stupid modern garb. &amp;j£r It is this spirit that makes Siena so fascinating, that makes the Sieneseso attractive, and it is because of their real belief in make=believe, abelief which has become a religion, that I call Siena "The City of Drama". SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS by Gordon Craig. I-low is it that the manuscript of Shakespeare's Plays... over thirtyplays... has never been found ? How is it that not a page of hismanuscript has been found ? How is it that the manuscript has neverreached us of a single play out of the thirty odd plays ? It would havebeen a fine sight to see... this manuscript of which Ben Jonson tells usthat not a line was blotted. &amp; &amp; &amp;■£* So curious a document should have been preserved. Who destroyedit? Who took care that not a single page of manuscript should be handeddown for us to see ? j0 •&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;Was it destroyed by Shakespeare ? And if so, why was he so carefulto destroy the manuscript when the plays were already printed ? I believe that it was destroyed by Shakespeare, and for a very naturalreason which we shall come to later on, and because he was a veryhuman being, and more of a literary man than an actor. &amp;Many people have felt that there is a mystery about the authorshipof the Shakespearean Dramas, and if some few find satisfaction inshifting the authorship from one individual to another individual, themany are not so satisfied ; and, if anything continue to seem mysterious,it is the simple fact that the whole series of Dramas is something toocolossal for one man to have created. Yet they cannot well see how twoor three authors could sit year after year together, and affably composethese turbulent, rollicking wonders.I hazard a guess which Is as much a guess as all the " evidence "brought together in large volumes about Shakespeare. I believe thatthere is a mystery about the authorship of the plays, but not a verydeep one; and that for this reason it has eluded those sappers who havepassed it while delving. 1 consider the mystery to be a subtle one, butnot half so subtle as the Donellys and others would have us suppose.&amp; In my opinion the Dramas were created by Shakespeare in closecollaboration with the Manager of the Theatre and with the actors ; infact, with practically the whole of the company who invented, produced,and acted them ; and I believe that a glimpse at the manuscript of thePlays would reveal a mass of corrections, additions , and cuts made in several handwritings. I believe that the improvisators... and the comedianof that day were great improvisators... contributed a great deal to theComedies, and not a Sittle to several of the Tragedies. (I) 1 believe tha*the plays grew to their present literary perfection, three distinct periodsmarking their development.&amp; The first period saw them sketched out; the second saw them actedand at this period many speeches and even scenes were added from weekto week, at rehearsal and after performances... and the third period sawthem handed over to the poet for revision before being printed. a&amp; When first printed In a collection the Plays were in a very differentstate from that in which they were spoken from the Stage. I do not believethe same words were spoken at the performances in the Theatre as wereread by those who received them in even their earliest printed form.Anyone who has compared the two texts of 44 Hamlet "... that of 1603a*!d that of 1604... cannot help being struck by one fact; that Is, thatthe 1603 version reads like a stage play, and the 1604 version like a1 sterary play. It has been polished for the reader. &amp;&amp; Every alteration Is the improvement of a literary stylist bent onbeiing as faultless as possible... the literary. Shakespeare is uppermostfor the time, and he polishes with a vengeance, and even succeeds inpolishing away some of the life. It is as though a Giovanni Bellini hadbeen at work polishing a Van Gogh. J£? &amp; &amp;There seems no doubt to me that the polisher was Shakespeare... thenon-theatrical Shakespeare. He seems determined to save his work... benton clearing away the rubbish. He succeeds too well, and clears away toomuch... and the Stage pays for it.&amp; Mark the short space of time between the rough and the polishedversions I In the case of " Hamlet" it took him only a year to polish thedrama... the year 1603. £f&amp; if we believe that Shakespeare was the polisher, can we be equallysure that he was the sole creator of these tremendous works ?... I cannot.I believe that he was employed at the Theatre to write up any roughdraft by professional or non-professional playwrights, and to workupon the shapeless dramas of older writers, or even that he filled in scenarios planned for the Theatre by the Directors. &amp;&amp; But these vere not the chief collaborators who worked with himupon the great series of thirty odd plays the manuscript of which isutterly lost. His chief assistants were the actors. &amp; &amp; &amp;£&gt; That the poetry and beauty of some of the unique figures in thePlays were born of Shakespeare's imagination I do not doubt, but I domost decidedly doubt whether the other part... the huge material sideof the dramas... came from the poet. We should be less astounded atShakespeare's accomplishment were his Dramas less complete... if theylacked their grossness... their popular appeal... their naturalness, which,added to the sublimity of their poetic imagery, makes them seem toocomplete for one man to have created, alone.&amp; The naturalness of the Dramas was, 1 believe, wafted to England fromItaly. Italy had awakened just previous to the birth of Shakespeare toa new sense of Drama. It was red hot... spontaneous... natural. It ap- pealed Instantly, like the repartee of the peasants. There was somethingso apt, so right about the touch of this new Drama that its fitness wasnot decreased by the fact that hundreds of actors could give it birth. Itwas not a literary effort... quite the reverse. It was good talk... wonderfulpatter. There was life in every sentence uttered... life in every ideawhich poured out with that stream of words. .&lt;£&gt;1 claim that Shakespeare's works are the fruit of a poet's collaborationwith this newly formed dramatic art. &amp; &amp; &amp;Let me take for example the Comedy of " Much Ado About Nothingand especially the scenes between Beatrice and Benedick.&amp; These, in my opinion, are all .improvised. The Manager having plannedout the story... which he pieced together from old tales... puts thematerial into the hands of Shakespeare, with this direction... that he isto " go easy " with the characters of Benedick, Beatrice, Dogberry andVerges, for these four roles are to be played by the four first comedians,and these men know something about acting! &lt;£? £? j£&gt;&amp; Shakespeare then sets to work. Hero and her story he elaborateslovingly, but leaves spaces when he comes to the comic scenes, andmerely writes... " In this scene Benedick and Beatrice meet and speaktogether "... Or, " Here Dogberry and the Watch ". jg? &amp; &amp; Next the play passes into rehearsal... two or three rehearsals at most,during which the four principal comedians arrange together a littlewhat they shall talk about. Then comes the performance, when, stimulated by the close and eagerpresence of the spectators, they carry out their' plans and improvisefurther... brilliantly... usurping more than the share allotted to them bythe playwright of the action and interest. The framework of the playexpands to fit them... the focus Is altered. You will see that this hashappened again and again. &amp;Perhaps you are aghast at what I suggest, and ask me heatedly If 1mean really and seriously that during this first performance the twoactors who played Benedick and Beatrice were capable of inventing onthe spur of the moment... by the by, what a spur the spontaneous momentis!... that brilliant passage commencing...BEATRICE. " I wonder you will still be talking, Signor Benedick:nobody marks you ". &amp;&amp; BENEDICK. "What, my dear Lady Disdain! are you yet living?"I have the greatest pride in replying on behalf of the actors of thesixteenth century... Yes, they were equal to inventing that passage andvery many others, such as the Benedick and Beatrice scenes, Act 2,Scene 1., and Act 4, Scene 1; besides the Dogberry scenes in Acts 3, 4and 5. All these, 1 consider, must in great part be attributed to the actors,jg? Indeed, much of the Elizabethan Comedy is the work of the actors,produced in that spontaneous manner; many of those brilliant flashesof genius which have helped to give Shakespeare the position he holdstoday were first struck out in the sharp encounter of wits on the boardsof the stage. But although we may quite easily believe this... as everyonewho has studied the history of the Commedia dell'Arte will believe it...we may also be sure that the repartee was not exactly the same on thefirst performance as on the fiftieth. In fact, we may be positive that itvaried much at every performance ; but during those fifty representationsthe best part of the actors' improvisations were recorded by some scribe...perhaps even by Shakespeare... and written into the manuscript. «&lt;£&gt; Later on, Shakespeare, knowing that the Plays were to be published,took the whole play and polished it; and if he removed some of its spontaneity and doubtless some of its grossness, he left in the richest,cleverest part of the decoration which those actors of genius had con- tributed to the structure.&amp; 1 feel certain that, placed as he was as Playmaker=in=Chief to theTheatre, he determined to be revenged on all those secondary characterswhich were never able to hold the audience, being played by inferioractors while the chief players were doing things " on their own " ; thathe waited his time, gathered together the strings of suggestion, andcleaned, tightened and made them beautiful by threading on them pearlafter pearl of his poetry, each one more precious than another. But theIstrings,... I claim them for those masters of improvisation, the actors ; forthe actors 1 claim part authorship of the world's masterpieces.&amp; The two scenes where* Benedick overhears his friends talking aboutBeatrice, and she overhears her friends talking about Benedick, arepartly the creative work of the actors, partly that of the poet. In thesecond of these two scenes the poet has gathered together the gist ofthe speeches of the actors, and has given it to us again in a far morelovely form than It could ever have possessed originally. But if youremove many of these lovely passages of Beatrice you do not alter theshape of the play, in fact, you improve it somewhat if you condense Itinto the true Drama. Hero and her story is far more important whenwe are not attracted away from her by the thought that perhaps BeatriceIs a more poetic, a purer and a lovelier woman than all the Heros inthe world.Turning to other plays, who if not the actors invented the roles ofPistol (the Italian Capitano in an English dress).... Bardolph, LancelotGobbo and old Gobbo, Dr. Gaius (the Italian Dottore in a French dress)...Sir Hugh Evans, Simple, Slender, Justice Shallow, Grumio, Biondello,Sir Toby Belch, Sir Andrew Aguecheek, Trinculo... and how many more ?Not one actor... no Shakespeare-actor... invented them, but actors.... agroup collaborating, acting in unison, attempting each one to out-do theother as it were, to act the other off the stage.If today actors cannot improvise, if wit and repartee have fled fromthe .Theatre to the Music Ha 11... from Monet Sully and Novelli to Robey,Lauder and Pelllssier... it was not so In the sixteenth century. It was a Pellissier who invented Dogberry, a Lauder who conceived Falstaff, anda Robey who created Launce... and no one knows how "vulgar Launcewas in 1600, though we may guess. And if anyone doubt how brilliantthe lighter comedians could be... those who would have played Benedick,Touchstone, and Malvolio, Beatrice and Rosalind, let him compare theserecords with the comedies of Moliere, which likewise originated in thetraditions of the Commedia dell'Arte, at that day familiar in Englandand France.jg? Moliere and Shakespeare are the despair of all later playwrights. &amp;Let them despair no longer. They can do what Moliere and Shakes*peare did again and again ; all they need is to find actors who will dohalf the great task for them. And let not the actors be any longerpuzzled because they cannot get these Shakespearean sentences out oftheir mouths without choking ; the Elizabethan polish once removed allgoes easily once more. &amp;There can be, of course, no question of " treating " Shakespeare'sworks in such a manner. They are best left as they were. But see howthe instinct of every actor and every actor-manager leads him to cutaway all the very highly polished bits, and to deliver the rest in asunpolished a manner as possible. Instinct on the stage counts for some- thing, and in this way the actor-managers, like hounds on the scent ofthe fox, indicate clearly which way Reynard has escaped. £&gt;&amp; This is the secret which defies u5.... we wonder at the unity of thevast whole of the plays, and at the same time at their pandemonium.ltdoes not seem to us possible that the brain of one man, be he Shakes- peare, Bacon, or another, can have achieved such an overwhelming con- tradiction. The world master=pieces are the product of many minds....each sums up an age and humanity. Allow Shakespeare his contemporaryfellow-workers the actors, and the riddle becomes clear. &amp; (1) I hope to be able at some later date to show what parts of the Plays were contributed by the actors. BOOK REVIEWS. THE NEW TENDENCY IN ARTby Henry R. Poore. Doubleday,Page &amp; Co. New York. M. S. C. TThis little volume proves nothingand proves everything. It provesthat no one can judge or criticisethe Arts and that any one can judgeand criticise the Arts.&amp; Mainly it is a compilation ortabulation of the aims and ideals ofPost-Impressionism, Cubism and Fu- turism. It is interspersed with com- ments jocular and serene, occasio- nally witty and sometimes very lucidand penetrating. It is not extremelywell written but a lot of it is ex- cellently well said.One of the many good things inthe dish is: " The desire of the44 'new' artist to express the spirit" of the subject through an inno- " cence of brain, leaves out of ac- " count the fact that the spirit44 naturally prefers to take up its 44 residence in a completed not to•4 say a well-made templeAltogether in spite of its japesand chortles it is a capital little book.Mr Poore, obviously a 44 merry andbright " writer, will, If no one elsedoes, appreciate our little joke if wesay that the book is richest when it is most Poore. -&lt;2? FORGED EGYPTIAN ANTIQUITIES by T. G. Wakeling. A. andC. Black. Price five shillings net. E. W. As evidence of how easy it is tohe defrauded this book makesdistressing reading; as a catalogueof the ingenuity of the modernEgyptian it is engrossing and highlyamusing.JZ? The plates showing the fraudand the original help very little. Itis impossible for any one not anexpert to say which is which.Whether fraud or genuine, someof the scarabs and heads and Jars certainly are very beautiful in ap- pearance. &amp;The really interesting statement theauthor makes is that the modernEgyptians, without preliminary tui- tion in sculpture or painting, arecopying the old work in such awaythat only the most experienced areable to tell the real from the false. EVERY MAN HIS OWN BUIL- DER, by George Gordon Samson.Crosby Lockwood. Price threeshillings and sixpence net.rjphis is a " good old book "but itis a pity that its text is not morecharming, its designs more beauti- fuiiy drawn. &amp;Compare it with the old books onbuilding,... with Vitruvio, with Sab- batlni and Serlio and the rest ofthem, and you will see that, nodoubt, it is just as practical; but asit has an ugly touch about the de- signs and plans it is like a manwho, while apparently speaking thetruth, lies to one all day long. Therein it is like most modernwork.This is a great pity. &amp;Certainly it is a useful b00k,...but it would have been rendered noless useful by being decently drawn;that it is not so is the editor's orpublisher's fault. £? jO x? SHAKESPEARE'S "HAMLET",a new commentary by WilbrahmFitz-John Trench. M. A. SmithElder. Price six shillings net. J. N. IT ndeterred by the knowledge thatthere exist 45, 768 books andarticles dealing with " Hamlet" MrFitz-John Trench walks into thearena full of confidence. &amp;&amp; We cannot say that his perfor*is either better or worse than thatof other commentators. &amp;Your true authe'ntic commentator,an he will, can be as devious as thedevil; can throw out tentacles like aBaconian, raking all sorts of thingsinto his maw, thus ennabling him,as does the sea octopus, to squirt acloud of ink when expedient andunder cover of this make an escape.&amp; The first chapter deals with firstprinciples. The author's footnotesays, " The reader who finds ituninteresting may neglect it ". Onecannot help feeling that the authormight have considered it to be afirst principle to read up what hasbeen written by those who haveactually worked the play out on astage. 0For instance, Mr Trench speaksof the staging of Shakespeare'sghosts, yet seems to be unawarethat the subject was fully dealtwith in The Mask four years ago and that Mr Craig, who knows moreabout the play 41 Hamlet " than anycommentator, dealt with the subjectin his book, 4&lt; On the Art of the Theatre YANKEE FANTASIES by PercyMackaye. Duffield. New York.Price one dollar and twenty fivecents net. E. M. In almost every recent book dealingwith the Theatre that I have readI find somewhere amongst its pagesa voice crying out that the need ofthe Theatre is freedom to experi- ment.Even Mr Mackaye mentions it inthe preface to his new volume ofmost excellent little plays. He boldlystates the need : JZ? 44 The practical Instrument would44 be what I may appropriately term44 a Studio Theatre... a theatre de- -44 dicated in policy wholly to expe- -44 riment in dramatic art, being for44 the dramatist what his studio is44 for the painter, or his laboratory44 for the physicist ". JZ? JZ? In this book Mr Mackaye showsthat the one-act play is not only aform of expression fascinating in Itsmanifold possibilities of dramaticsuggestion, but that it Is also a di- stinctive form capable of expressingwhat the longer plays cannot.44 Chuck the first playlet In the volume, is full of charming andpoetic feeling and the same qualityof writing runs through the wholebook and makes delightful readingeven of those plays or experimentswherein one finds it a little difficultto keep pace with Mr Mackaye:racy piece of dramatic writing. Lis- ten to the curious rhythm of this:" It aint so much thinkin o flo=" wers and the young folks, their" faces, and the blue line of old" fellers marchin its the music!" that old brass voice a-callin !44 Seems as though, legs or no legs," I'd have to up and foller to God=" knows=whar, and holler-holler44 back to guns roarin in the dark."No ; durn it, no! I jest can't stan" the music". JAnd this : £? "The Bloody Sundown ! God,44 that crazy sun: she set a dozen" times that afternoon red-yeller as44 a punkln jackolantern, ravin and" pitchin through the roarin smoketill she clean busted, like the other" bombs, behind the hills ".&amp; It seems to me that in this playMr Mackaye exhibits a new phase ofhis extraordinary gift. The old war- rior is made to talk in a mannernot only martial in spirit -but thedialogue itself treads a firm military step and seems when reading to bepunctuated with cannon balls andmusket shots; yet it Is all so naturaland unforced. jz? z? ■£?He has a power of description sovivid as to be at times almost pain- ful In intensity. He can make youhear and feel at the same time. 44 Gettysburg " has taken hold ofMr Mackaye. He has transmittedits emotion, adding something to itwhich in the re-creating processfuses into something that would bedifficult to define.&amp; It Is more than literary grace,...that is there in plenty. It is morethan dramatic rectitude. All 1 can say is that it thrills. SHAKESPEARE IN THE THEATRE, by William Poel. Sidgwickand Jackson. Price three shillings and sixpence net. L. C. 'phis book is mainly a series ofpapers reprinted from the 44 Na=tlonal Review ", the 44 Westminster.Review ", the 44 Era " and the 44 NewAge and Mr Poel tells us that hecollects them in one volume 44 in the44 hope that they may be of use to44 those who are Interested in the44 question of stage reform, more44 especially where it concerns theproduction of Shakespeare's plays ".jZ? Of course Mr Poel did great ser- vice as an antiquarian in unearthing the " Everyman This was the playthrough which Mr Ben Greet lateron enriched himself in the UnitedStates;... it would have done MrGreet credit had he then remem* bered Mr Poel. &amp;But Mr Poel is somewhat toomuch of an Antiquarian to be closelyallied with the Living Men of aLiving Theatre, and he Is certainlynot at his best when he touches uponthe ideas and work of Mr GordonCraig. j3 £? £&gt;At the end of a paragraph rela«tlve to these he writes as follows:44 Mr Gordon Craig seems to think44 that Shakespearean representa- -44 tion at the present moment is44 unsatisfactory because of our mi- -44 serable theatres, with their low44 proscenium and unimaginative44 scenery which cannot suggest im- -44 mensity! Shakespeare would tell41 us that the fault lies In our big44 scenic stages and our voiceless44 dreary acting; and two men with44 such different ideas about thef4 Theatre are not likely to prove44 successful in collaboration &amp;Here Mr Poel proves himself alittle rash. How does he know sowell the mind of Shakespeare ? whois he to put words and opinions sodefinite in the mouth of a man deadthree hundred years ? &amp; • He does not know what would• Pbe the mind of Shakespeare as ap- plied to the theatre of today; heclearly does not understand themind of Mr Craig, and yet on twovague assumptions he bases a veryvalueless conclusion. No, no, Mr Poel, find us another"Everyman" and we shall be grate- ful ; talk to us sometimes of yourfriends the Elizabethans and weshall be glad ; but pray, leave theyoung Theatre and those who arecreating it alone; pray refrain fromcriticising that which your own wordsprove so clearly that you do not understand. THE INDIAN THEATRE by E. P.Horrwiiz. Blackie and Son, Ltd.Price two shillings and sixpence. P. R. nphere is much that is interestingin this " brief survey of theSanskrit Drama and perhaps themost interesting pages are thosefew at the end devoted to AryanRoots and the explanation of suchwords as " Veda " " which refers tothe heavenly vision which puresouled seers 'see' " and " shrutithe " revealed truth to which in=spired hearers 'listen'ln a note to this appendix theauthor writes, " In a work on the'  Greek Theatre, it would be quite"unnecessarj7 to explain the mea= 44 nings of 'drama', a 'chorus' or44 'epic' or rhapsody' because classl*44 cal antiquity has bequeathed all44 these terms to us " ; but with thisview we disagree. It is just thosewords which have been staled byconstant usage whose real meaningis most apt to be falsified and over- looked, and if more people wouldbut study the origins of these terms,and clear their minds of such beliefsas that a 'drama' is something tohear or to read, instead of being anact, (I) a great deal of misconceptionwhich is at present hindering theTheatre's progress would be doneaway with.As for the format of the volume;we have yet to learn how sensibleand practical publishers like MrBlackie and his Son can put suchpaper at the service of so interestinga book. England is not witty,... but heavy every time. (!) See " The Mask". Vol. ! page 98. A CENTURY OF FAMOUS ACTRESSES by Harold Simpson andMrs Charles Braun. Mills andBoon. Price ten shillings andsixpence net. N. L. Hphe joint authors of this book tellus at the outset that they makeno " attempt at exhaustive bio- graphy " nor do they aim at " acritical analysis of the actress's art which last admission is perhaps wise ,as, before entering upon such ananalysis they would surely need torefute the various arguments whichhave been put forward,.., and neveryet disproved.., to the effect thatacting is not an art at all. &amp;&amp; It is also somewhat rash of themwhen, upon page I, after quotingthe decree by which Charles II re- moved the ban from women ap- pearing on the stage, they refer tothe previous usage of employing boysin the female parts as 44 this ridicu- lous customEvidently they have never readSir Walter Raleigh's 44 Shakespeare "or they would recall the passage bythat distinguished scholar in whichhe ends up a vindication of thecustom in these words: 44 With thedisappearance of the boy players thepoetic drama died In England, andit has had no second life ". (I) &amp;Nor can they be acquainted withMr John Masefield's remarks on thesame subject:44 Women's parts were44 played by boys. Some have thought44 that this must have taken from44 the excellence of the performance.44 It is highly likely that it added44 much to it. Nearly all boys can4* act extremely well. Very few men44 and women can. '' £? Mr Simpson and Mrs Braun woulddo well to make a more careful studyof all that concerns their subjectbefore they write their next book: itwiil save them from many blunderswhich prejudice their readers. &amp;For the rest, the present volumecontains a series of short biogra- phical notes on the talents, charms,caprices and love affairs of theleading actresses from 1750 to 1850,with a number of portraits, and willinterest those who find pleasurein the Green-Room gossip of an earlier day. (1) The Mask, Vol. 11, page 96. PEERESSES OF THE STAGE,by Cranstoun Metcalfe. Melrose.Price seven shillings and six-pence net. N. L. jyl r Metcalfe, who appears to havetaken as his motto Pope's cou=plet, JZ744 Whether the charmer sinnerit or saint itIf folly grow romantic I mustpaint itseems to find something essentiallyromantic in the union of a chorusgirl or a minor actress with a peer,but the romance Is evidently mea=sured by the dignity of the title in- volved, since he writes at the outset,44 Into this exclusive company noone beneath the dignity of a Baron'swife or daughter-in-law can be ad- mitted "!The whole book is a silly exampleof snobbery in excelsis, a tiresomeexpression of bad taste.£? It merely heaps together a quan- tity of trivial chatter about a numberof ladies whose sole claim to di- stinction lies in the fact that theymarried sprigs of the British nobility,and it seems a pity that a sensiblepublisher like Mr Melrose shouldhave lent his good type, paper, inkand printing presses to so poor a purpose. JZ? &amp; BURBAGE, AND SHAKESPEARE'S STAGE by Mrs C.C. Stopes. De La More Press.Price five shillings net. P. R. 7y|rs Stopes has collected quite agood deal of interesting informa- tion about the English stage In thedays of Burbage within the pages ofthis little book. But, while apprecia- ting what she gives us, we miss muchwhich we hoped,... expected, to find.How, for Instance, can this bookbe anything like complete whenthere Is no reference to the greatArlecchfno, Martinelli, of the ItalianCommedia dell' Arte who visitedLondon at this period ? (i) Mrs Stopesquotes from an old play, 44 And for44 honours, who of more report, than44 Dick Burbage, and Will Kempe, 44 he is not counted a gentleman that44 knows not Dick Burbage and Will44 Kemp ", but she does not seem tosee the importance of knowing the44 honours and report " of the prede- cessors of these men, those whoprepared the way for them and theirsuccess. JO &amp; &amp;£? She quotes to us on page 36from Howes, that Thomas Wilson,(44 naming Robert Wilson 4Thomas"')was noted for 44 quick delicate ex- temporall wit and Richard Tarletonfor a wondrous pleasant extemporallwit ", this latter being further de- scribed as 44 the wonder of his time";but she has nothing to say of theforerunners of these Englishmen,those who were the supreme sourcesand exponents of that very 44 ex- temporall wit" which became thedelight of the English stage.lt is a pity that in the past justas in the present honour is so seldomgiven where honour is due ; that themen who have the ideas are passedover for the men who profit bythem, the masters forgotten in their pupils' success. (1) See page 138 of this number. FOREIGN NOTES. FLORENCE. The Gordon Craig School. J. B. TThe first term of the School forthe Art of the Theatre came toa close on July 31st, when the Di- rector expressed himself satisfiedwith the progress made, althoughthat had mainly consisted in gettingthings straight for future work.&amp; Par be It from me to contradictthis or to divulge anything further.On the last evening the DirectorInvited us to supper and the sightwould have encouraged even a so- cialist, although up to the time ofgoing to print the Director has notdeclared for that specialism, beingcontent with being a downrightanarchist.A performance took place aftersupper, to which the public were not admitted. &amp; An Enlargement of the School. J. B. TPhe School has been enlarged forthe next term, a small churchhaving been secured which wasoriginally part of the old convent, on the site of which the Arena Gol- doni stands. The Cinematograph. E. E. '"Jphe Qaumont firm has alwaysseemed to me to work to a veryhigh standard. It is lamentable thento find this firm descending to therevolting exhibition of unnecessarysnake torturing. &amp; &amp; &amp;At the end of a performance of" Pantomes one of the longestfilms 1 have seen here, a very hand- some snake at least eight, andpossibly ten feet In length, with avery beautiful marked skin, wassmoked out of some of its sensesand then had its neck hacked by asword.This revolting sight was thenshown to the audience in an en- largement...,First we saw the room In whichfive or six men did the snake outof its senses, and then, after thehacking, the portions of the snake,with head off and still violentlymoving, were enlarged on the screen. A bull fight shown some yearsago was brutal enough, but thispurchase of a fine specimen ot snake,its purposeless introduction into alurid drama, and its massacre beforeour eyes, Is disgraceful, and a dangerto the shareholders of the Gaumontbusiness. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;The massacre of animals, birdsand reptiles in this cold-blooded wayshould be put a stop to by everyonewho has a voice to speak with oran arm to move.JET We suppose there are societieswho protect these fine creatureswhe cannot protect themselves:....if so one wonders how it is that theGaumont firm has been allowed to/show, or even produce, this film. &amp;But there is not one side onlyto this business; there are tw0,...perhaps even three.The first concerns the animals,the second concerns the public, thethird concerns those who are theghastly " go betweens " of animalsand public. £/If it is cruel to the animals it ispoisonous to the public, and it isthe vilest of all possible ways everdevised by even a vile commercialage of making money. £&gt; The weakness of the brain of thecinematograph inventor who cannotdevise an exciting drama without wallowing in an orgy of cruelty andbloodiness of the kind shown in" Fantomes " is too serious a matterto be overlooked. J&amp; &amp; ...: If you had seen It!!! MOSCOW. The New "Théâtre Libre." V. N. has a new Theatre. J0JS&gt; This theatre, which originateswith M. Mardjanoff, is called the" Th&amp;itre LibreThe name has been chosen fortwo different reasons.The first of these is that thetheatre will open its doors to alltypes of dramatic art. During thepresent season the programme willinclude an opera by Moussorgskyadapted to words by Gogol; a me- lodrama with text by Daudet andmusic by Bizet, a pantomime bySchnitzler, with music by Dohnany,and an operetta, "La Belle Hel&amp;ne",while towards the end of the seasonIt is intended to give a tragedy; sothat during its first season the" Thd&amp;tre Libre " of Moscow willhave already given sufficient evi- dence of the catholicity of its sym- pathies and aims.The title of " Libre " has beenchosen in the second place becauseM. Mardjanoff purposes to leavegreat freedom of individual develop- ment to each artist, working withhim, so that those who at the outsethold the humblest positions mayhope one day to find themselves inthe first rank. Xef &amp;*» The direct coiweqtfence of this" last principle, said a representative44 of M. Mardjanoff to me, is that,44 all the members finding themselves44 placed on equal ground, the opi- -44 nion of each is precious. Our best44 singers make part of the whole;44 the gulf between the individual44 and the mass no longer exists "." Our orchestra he continued,44 is composed of fifty members,44 the great majority of whom come44 from the conservatoire of Prague44 which, as you know, furnishes the44 best orchestral musicians. It is44 useless to tell you that in all which•4 regards the technique of the sce=44 nery, the setting for the orchestra,44 the acoustics, the lighting, etc,44 our theatre has profitted by all the44 modern improvements afforded44 in these matters. "&amp; Everyone will wish M. Mardjanoffwell in his new venture, Moscow hasalready done much in the service ofthe Theatre. Now, if good intentionsavail anything, It is going to do yetmore and there is a good augurythat it will do so ; for even if theorchestra be reduced from its fifty to two members, and those two bebut wandering musicians of Russia?and if the technique of the sceneryfail entirely and the lights go outall but a halfpenny dip, still therewill be great light in the building,and music sufficient to satisfy allthose who know what music is, forM. Mardjanoff, with a touch of genius,has chosen Dr George Baltruschaitisto bring his magic into the theatre.&amp; If this theatre fails with a manlike that in it theatres can throw up the sponge. &amp; WARSAW. A Theatre Art Exhibition. E. M. A Theatre Art Exhibition of unusualinterest will open this month inWarsaw.It will be held in the Galleries ofthe Societe des Beaux Arts under thepresidency of Monsieur J. Herman,and, as it has been organized bytwo young and enthusiastic artists,Monsieur F. Siediecki and MonsieurL. Schiller, it should draw verymany people and stimulate muchcomment. For it will be a revelationof the modern spirit that is stir=ring,... the under current of idealismwhich shall "eventually become anirresistible wave sweeping the decksof the old realistic theatres andsending many of them to wreck. 0&amp; The theatre circles In Poland and the theatres themselves are, on thesurface, little better than those ofother countries, but the "new spirit"among them is, in proportion, verymuch stronger than is to be foundelsewhere and there is great pro- mise of something good and some- thing "living" in theatre art co- ming out of Poland.1 shall send news of the exhibitslater. It is sufficient to show thatthe organisers have started rightlywhen I state that Mr Gordon Craigwas the first to be invited to ex- hibit and that his designs and scenicmodels will constitute the mostimportant section of the exhibition. BUDAPEST. Another Exhibition. M. S. C. JZJxhibitions of the art which isprogressing 44 Towards a newTheatre " are cropping up every- where. jS? ■£? &amp;£/ At the Muveszhaz, the beautifuland palatial clubhouse of the artistsof Budapest, there will be openedin February an exhibition of TheatreArt. &amp;Three salons will be devoted tothe work of Mr Gordon Craig, twofor designs and drawings and onefor an elaborate show of illuminatedscene models. *2?&amp; It is owing to the initiative of the distinguished director of theRoyal State Opera House, Dr Alex- ander Hevesi, that this exhibitionwill take place in Budapest. j2)&amp; I am informed that Dr Hevesiand other celebrated Hungarianswill, during the course of the ex- hibition, deliver lectures on the work and aims of Mr Craig. ZURICH. Yet Another Exhibition. M. S. C. It is exciting to think that thingsare moving so quickly in Europe.At Zurich, also in February, therewill be a large Exhibition in theState Museum to which all thecelebrated theatre workers havepromised to contribute.Again employing the post ofhonour will be more of Mr Craig'sdesigns and models.The Exhibition has been orga- nised by Herr Alfred Altlierr thewell known architect and directorof the museum who has arranged itwith the co-operation of Dr Wichertof Mannheim.The wqrks of Appia, the MunichSchool, Leon Bakst and others willalso be shown, and the exhibitionwill probably remain open for three months. EDITORIAL NOTES. Mr POEL, PAST AND PRESENT.is Mr William Poel goingto be presented with that re- plica of the Globe Theatre whichsince time immemorial has been hisby rights, and which should be put upin some park in London, and the oldplays done in the old ways therein ?0 William Poel for years advocatedthe return to the Elizabethan tra- dition. Of course younger men todayseeing his later work will think thathe preceded this new movement towhich Craig,Stanislawsky, Reinhardtand several others have given birth,and that he in his youth was doingjust as he is now, whereas this isa slight mistake ; William Poel thearcheologist of the stage was untilquite recently nothing but an ar- cheologist, and a very good one too.0 He revived the Shakespeareandrama, one might almost say hereproduced it, as it was at the timeof Shakespeare. 0000 Sticklers for accuracy in archeo- logy might blame him for omittingone of the nost important items,namely, the acting of the female roles by men, but this, for somereason which Mr Poel has a perfectright to decide, he did not thinkfit to revive. Still, he restored theold picture very well, and he wasmaking considerable progress in thisespecial line of his when all of a4sudden and without any warning hebecomes one of the followers of thenew movement, bringing to thatnew movement the fine old Eliza- bethan touch. 0000 Who will deny that there wassack and canary in the " Taming ofthe Shrew " as produced by..., buthere we come to a broken sentence.Who was it produced by? Was itproduced by Mr Harvey and Mr Poel,or was It produced by Mr Poel alone?Never have we seen anything likethat from Mr Pod's hand before andvery little of that character fromMr Harvey's. 0 0 00 It seemed to us to be all Barker.0 Now everyone knows what Barkeris. Then why not announce " produ- ced in the manner of Mr Barker"?Everything would have then beenquite clear. 0 ' 0 0 Instead of that, the critics andeveryone conspired to rouge MrPoel's kindly face while adding MrBarker's wrinkles; It produced afeeling of sadness In us to see thisplay. &amp; &amp;Pantaloon seemed to be playingthe part of Innamorato; that is, thesixteenth century seemed to be play- ing the twentieth. &amp;The high priest of the sixteenthcentury,... and Mr Poel is most cer- tainly that.... seemed to be deckingthat ancient vision with pink paperroses.... and then he tossed someconfetti at it. And we believe that this parodyof both the ancient days and thenew days is to be attributed to thefact that we failed to give Mr Poelthe theatre for which he wasborn,., the replica of the Globe atBankside. THE"IMPRINT" &amp;44 "HP/re Imprintis a beautifully printedjournal. It gives one the impres- sion that those who produce it thinkof little else than printing and thatto them printing is an end in itself.The Instruments of peace andwar are all the better for a littlefinish, and to go to one's work armedwith perfect hammers, chisels, print- ing presses, type and guns is nodoubt desirable. &amp; &amp; But one must never forget, ...(andEngland might sometimes remem=ber), that It is not the polish on theguns nor the buttons on the uniformsnor the colour of the flags that winsa battle. Order is fine, but not at theexpense of vitality. &amp;&amp; Given great vitality, and we areall in favour of the strictest order,the most iron reserve being addedto it. But the thing most needed byflat and monotonous competence isa pin to prick it into life. &amp;We don't say that the Imprintis dull, but it is a little flat. All itscommand of the types of Europe,(and it uses a type come from Hoi- land and not one created by anEnglishman), somehow or other fallsto help it to rise from its neatlylald-out death-bed. There it lies,orderly, laid out; not a fold of itsdrapery wrong, not a curl loose, nota wrinkle to be seen... expression- less... dead. JOAnd it finds fault with Mask,which it says is the work " of ama- teur printers ". &amp; &amp;Jz/ In fact the Imprint looks firstat the polish on the gun and after- wards tests Its firing capacity. &amp;The producers of The Mask havebeen unable to take their pick fromamong the types of Europe or theywould most certainly have selected the type known, we believe, as44 Caslon old Face ". ■&amp;This is the polish necessary togive the finishing touch to our gun.And we hope that some day a manwho cares about finish will send usenough to turn over a new leaf: forsince reading the Imprint's thun- dersome words we very much wishto go to our next dance dressed inevening dress, white tie and all. Itis an outrage against manners tohave gone on all former occasions44 just as we were ". £?And not this alone. It is a blemishupon the good form which Englandhas said must and shall be. We knowit, and shall try to do better nexttime.But perhaps, were the conditionsunder which we have forced ourway into existence known, the Im- print would be less particular abouthow we looked and would, we swear,marvel that we were visible at all.If the Imprint had started Itslife upon L. 8.0.0. would it be alivetoday ?... if it had battled two yearson an occasional five pound note orso would it have lived as long aswe have ?Those who work in the Imprinthave things made easy for them.By easy we mean that we supposethe Proprietors, Editors, Engravers and Writers could collect in all thesum of L. 200.0.0. a year. This Is more than the ProprietorsEditors, Engravers and Writers ofThe Mask had in 1908,... and theyhad to live on it and yet producethe journal. 0/ „ THE DEATH OF PEL/SSIER.have no doubt that Pellssierwill be remembered as a veryfunny man who made people die oflaughter ; but we daresay there arevery few who will put him downon the record as having been in- strumental In reforming the modernstage of England; yet he was essen- tially a reformer, and a reformerof a remarkable kind.0? Other comedians hit off the idio- syncrasies of the man in the streetor the masher in the drawingroom;but Pelissier was at his best whenhe was giving a sharp rap on theknuckles to those so=called actorsand actresses who, taking largesalaries, give the public nothing buttheir own peculiarities.So far as we know he never hit offa man of great Individuality ; It wasonly when they were weak throughand through that he " doubled themup for ever ".... And now the poorman is himself doubled up. &amp;It is a very great loss to theEnglish theatre. £&gt; &amp; BRAVO, "REFEREE"!The following is from a recentnumber of the Referee and wascontained in a notice of a farewellluncheon lately given to Mr P. R.Benson previous to his setting offon a Canadian and American tour:&amp; 44 1 must confess that one thing44 surprised me at the Benson lun- -44 cheon.... surprised me even more44 than the silence of Sir Herbert44 Tree. There wasNo Mention of Sir Henry IrvingA ...." in any of the speeches... not even44 In Mr. Benson's. Nor have I met44 with any allusion to that great44pioneer and reviver of the Higher44 Drama in any of the numerous44 references to Mr. Benson and his44 departure for the States. Yet it44 was with (and from) Irving at the44 Lyceum that Mr. Benson first44 learned how to produce Shakes- -44 peare plays and how to train actors" for that noble work. And if there" was ever a greater tutor in this44 regard than Henry Irving I would44 like to have his name sent in, in44 order that the Referee may pub- -44 lish it and hand it down to pos- -44 terity. "It needs a little more of thisspirit in the theatre nowadays. £?&amp; The worst of Stratford-on-Avonjs that it will be so local. £&gt; A NEW SCENIC ART.&amp;'Tyhe New York Dramatic Mirrorthrills with this news about ourold friend Hugo Rumbold.... Do youknow, we had almost said our youngfriend ?Apd do you know that the Dra=matic Mirror writes that here isa 44 new scenic artist who, it is said,44 will revolutionize stage settings44 and mechanics ". 44 His idea in44 painting scenery is to do away44 with the use of wings and other44 cumbersome and expensive stage44 paraphernalia. The new art is44 described as strikingly realistic ".And all this without having goneto school anywhere! Oh, younaughty boy !! &amp; &amp; TWO MORE NEW GERMANTHE A TRES: DRESDEN ANDBREMEN. &amp; &amp; &amp; January we published a notefrom one of our correspondentspointing out that, whiie two greatrich cities like Liverpool and Man- chester were so tardy and apatheticin raising money for the buildingand maintenance of theatres, thetown of Lubeck in Germany,... atown with a population scarcely morethat one-seventh that of Liverpool,had responded without difficulty to acall from its Municipality for 150,000pounds to build its new theatre which was opened in 1912. &amp; Now news reaches us of two morefine theatres just built in Germany,the one at Dresden, the other atBremen. &amp;&amp; It is worth notice that Dresdenis a city with, roughly speaking,about 530,800 inhabitants, whileBremen has only about 225,000 ; yeteach of these places has been ableand willing to contribute sufficientfunds for the erection and mainte- nance of a fine new play house intheir midst. £? The German towns seem to haveno difficulty in realising that, aswe said before, " a well-establishedtheatre with a large financial backingand plenty of go In It is going toimprove every scrap of the businessof those towns, is going to improvethe existence of each of the inhabi- tants ". They also seem to find nodifficulty in understanding that fora theatre to be run on the finestprinciples and at the same time madeto pay it must be first handsomelysupported by the town.... And un- derstanding this they support theirtheatres handsomely.&amp; The English towns, on the otherhand, seem to have great difficultyIn realising the same simple, and, weshould have thought, obvious, fact.&amp; Liverpool and Manchester, Bristol and Birmingham, Newcastle andLeeds, when will you wake up toyour responsibilities, and yOUropportunities ? _ ERRATA. J. S. we announced on page 146, Wegive here corrections of severaltypographical mistakes which eludedthe proof-readers on pages 135 to440 in the List of Facts relative tothe Pre-Shakespearean Stage. 0Here are the corrections:On page 136, line 20, instead of" Pedrolino or Pelisini " read, 1526." Pedrolino or Pellesinl &amp;On page 139, Instead of, 1572,*' A Map by Hocfuagel shows twoTheatres or Bearpits " read "A Planby Hocfuagel shows two Theatres orBearpitsJ&amp;On page 140, (erroneously prin- ted 401) read also " Pelleslni " for" Pelisini THE MOSHER BOOKS.rJ",HE special literary value of my general Catalogue has given it a uniqueposition In the world of book-making for book-lovers. &amp;&amp; From year to year these Catalogues have been issued with the view •of making known, as no other form of advertising could make known,The Mosher Books and what they represent in up-to-date bookcraft. Allpossible value has been put into these books by their publisher; so thatto-day they are the only style of genuine hand-made paper editions atpopular prices in America. &amp; &amp;&amp; Sent without charge to all who are interested in choice editions atmoderate prices.THOMAS B. MOSHER, PORTLAND, MAINE POETRY AND DRAMA*~pHE founder and first editor of The Poetry Review begs togive notice that he is now issuing a quarterly periodical,under the title POETRY AND DRAMA, on the same lines asThe Poetry Review during 1912, and with many of the samecontributors, &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; The first and second numbers of Poetry and Drama are atpresent in circulation, &amp;&amp; Poetry and Drama is the representative organ of the youn-ger movement in English &amp;It is published at 35 Devonshire Street, Theobalds Road,London, W. C., on March 15th, June 15th, September 15th andDecember 15th. The price of a single copy is 2s. 6d. net- Theannual subscription Is 10s. 6d. post free to all countries. Copiesare procurable and subscriptions may be purchased through allBooksellers and Newsagents. YE OLDE PARIS BOOKE=SHOPPEii Rue de Chateaudun, Paris, France.Buys and Sells All Sorts of French, English,Spanish and Italian Books, Also Engravings,Ancient and Modern,Catalogues issued monthly. Correspondance inFrench or English invited. Books sent on Ap-proval to any part of the World. Lists of Desi-derata receive careful consideration.*English Translations of French, Latin and Greek Classical Works, suchas Bran to me : " Lives of Fair Ladies ", (with coloured illustrations) ; " OneHundred Merrie &amp; Delightsome Stories translation of " les Cent Nou=velles nouvelles"; Anatole France : " Thai's (the Repentant Courtisan ofAlexandria). "The Well of Santa Clara" with 21 Copper Plate Etchings;Pierre Louys " Aphrodite illustrated by Ed. Zier; Petronius : "TheSatyricon" (translated by Oscar Wilde, with long Preface and manyNotes;) " The Golden Ass" (of Apuleius) fine English version, with Notesand copper plate Etchings ; "Corporal Punishment in France", historic andanecdotic; Aristophanes "The Eleven Comedies", literally and fullyrendered into English for the first time.Circulars sent on application, (with stamps to cover postage)Please note we buy French books for cash and•can supply all Parisian publications.Fine Catalogue of French Books, Contes, Romans, Etudes curie uses(free for 20 cs.) £/YE OLDE PARIS BOOR E-S H O P P E&amp; 11 Rue de ChkteaudunParis, France. THE QOLDONI BOOKS.SKETCH BOOKS, DRA WING BOOKS, PAINTING BOOKS AND¥WRITING BOOKS, FOR ARTISTS, WRITERS AND LADIES.These Books, are made of fine Italian Papers, and bound In vellum orin boards covered with papers upon which designs, floral or conventional,are hand-printed in colours. &amp;The beauty and charm of these books must be seen to be realized," These are pages to turn and finger with delight: " covers bright andvaried with colour and fresh design ; sizes uncumbersome to the nicesthand." Write for particulars to The Mask Publishers,ARANA GOLDONI, FLORENCE, ITALY. &amp; THE FORUM.is printing the most brilliant andenduring work of the menand women who willbe the classics ofto-morrow.STORIES : ESSAYS : CRITICISM .  PHILO=SOPHY : POLITICS ; POETRY : DRAMA.MITCHELL KLNNERLEY&amp; New Yo r k &amp; London &amp;Three months trial subscription two shillings ■anMBBMHnHHMnannMBMaMBaanMaMMHHaSOUVENIR.A CIS &amp; GALA TEA.MASQUE OF LOVEby Gordon Craig.A few copies of this " Souvenirissued in 1902. and now extremelyrare, may be procured fromTHE MASK PUBLISHERSArena Goldoni. Italy.WRITE FOR PARTICULARS. AN ILLUSTRATED BOOKLET ABOUTTHE GORDON CRAIG SCHOOLAND ITS JOURNALTHE MASKRecentlyPublished.Second Edition Now Ready.«£? Pr i c e One Shilling Net.Order through any Bookseller, or fromThe Society of The Thea tr e .7, John St A del p h London.or direct fromARENA GOLDONI, , ITALY. SCHOOL FOR THE ART OF THE THEATREDirector: E. GordonOCTOBER TERM J UST COMMEN C / NGSEND POST CARD FOR PARTICULARS.TO THE SECRETARY.ARENA GOLDONI FLORENCE.